/t
Purdue
Z-185
Exponent
Voltime 5L No.^ ®
Tuesday, September 19, 1939
Late Wax News Polish Troops Flee Country CERNAUTI—Polish Rumanian border today was the scene of conflicting disorder as a continual stream of Polish refugees poured across border lines in their effort to escape the scourge of advancing German and Soviet troops. The heads of the Polish government and army have crossed the Rumanian border along with numerous other oflicials in their flight from German encroachment on Polish soil. Polish President Will Move To Lmdon CERNAUTI—^President Moscicki *and Foreign Minister Jozef Beck who fled before the invasion of foreign troops are reported planning to go to London where they will attempt to set up and re-establish their government. H. M. S. Courageous Torpedoed LONDON—British Admiralty announced officially today that the aircraft carrier H.M.S. Courageous had been torpedoed by a submarine. This was the first warship casualty of the war reported by Britain. An undetermined number of seamen and fliers aboard the 22,500 ton carrier were saved. German Flyers Move West BERLIN—Communique from Germany intimated that work of the German air force on the eastern front was virtually at an end. Flyers who have been on the eastern front have been arriving in Berlin and are supposed to be on their way to the western front. Russ Intervention Causes Alarm LONDON—Official circles view the active entry of Russia into the war with grave alarm. Coupled with the Russo-Japan-ese agreement it is estimated that this will add at least two years to the war. \ Polish Flyers Interned RIGA, Latvia—^More than sixty Polish war planes, many of them damaged in action, were confiscated and their crews interned when they arrived at Daugavplis airport here today. J Polish Troops Smash German Column WARSAW—Polish troops smashed a German mechanized column near Grodek, fifteen miles west of Lwow, capturing 100 armored cars, 50 guns and several thousand prisoners, the Polish Telegraphic Agency announced today. Russia Invades Poland PARIS—Russia troops have arrived in Vilna, Poland, it was reported here today. An Exchange Telegraph message from Budapest, Hungary, said that Berlin newspapers heard rumors that Lithuanian troops occupied Vilna. These reports, said the exchange, were- regarded as premature, but Lithuanian action is expected hourly.
Union Issues Call For Sophomores All sophomores who desire to work on Union activities are requested to be present at a meeting to be held in the Union ballroom this afternoon at 4 o’clock. This is the first official meeting of the semester; senior Union workers will be present to outline plaits for the coming school year. Notre Dame Game Seats On Sale At Ticket Office Now C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales for the Notre Dame game at South Bend on September 30, has announced that all seats remaining in the original Purdue allotment after the filling of advance mail orders were placed on sale over the counter at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse yesterday morning. Doan pointed out that despite the unusually heavy advance mail order for the game, there were still plenty of good seats available for over the counter sale. The seats are priced at $3.30 on the sides of the field and $2.20 on the ends, both prices including tax.
l Stewart Names Concert Choir Members For Coining Season
Tea Will Introduce WAA Fall Sports Calendar To Co-eds Tea in the Memorial Gym tomorrow at 4 p. m. will introduce WAA and its new fall sports calendar to all co-eds. Activities of the organization and the point system are to be discussed, and the head of each sport will give a short explanation of her sport. Miss Helen Knight, modem dance instructor and a member of the physical education department, will tell of her experiences with the Hopi Indians, and speak briefly on Indian handicraft. Following the talk, the Modern Dance group will present a costumed recital. Freshmen are especially urged to attend the tea and all counselors are asked to bring their counselees by Georgia Walker, president of WAA.
Activities Bureau Issues Request For Sophomores Wednesday afternoon at 4 o’clock in room B of the Memorial Union is the date set by the Activities Bureau for their first meeting with prospective sophomore workers. This call-out by the bureau includes both men and women students. The bureau was established on the campus this last year to better organize and distribute activities on the campus. Work for sophomores includes in- '
A. P. Stewart, director of music, announced today the names of the members of the University Choir for the coming year who have been chosen from the group of students that have been undergoing tryouts since last Thursday. The names of the members listed below will have a compulsory rehearsal September 26, in Eliza Fowler Hall. It was also announced that Richard P. Thomtoti is choir manager, Rosemary Robinson piano accompanist, and George Osborn organ accompanist. The members who will comprise the University Choir are:
Sopranos ' “ " Roberta Alderman, Dorothy Arvidson, Alleen Atkins, Mildred Badgley, Jane Caldwell, Mary Aim Carpenter, Margaret Corson, Thelma Cox, Margaret Crankshaw, Virginia Diehl, Janeth Dixon, Helen Essing, Jane Fairbanks, Jane Fleischer, Gloria Fox, Laura Gregory, Annagrace Hart, Mary Elizabeth Henry, Bonita Hixon, Victoria Horne, Marian Johnson, Mary John-
ston, LaVonne Kellar.
Rosalind McClanahan, Mary McGaughey, Elizabeth McKee, Myra McKee, Anna Mertz, Lucille Osborn," Martha Owens, Beth Partenheimer, Helen Plank, Alberta Schmadel, Mary Beth Sharp, Carolyn Smith, Virginia Steele, Juanita Thompson, Winifred Thompson, Mary Topping, Georgialee Weigle, Joan Weist, Eva Williamson, Marjori Williamson, Patty Wolcott, Margaret Young.
' Exponent Staff Exponent Editorial staff; Those scheduled to work Tuesday night are: night editor, DeHoog; issue editor, Mueller; workers, Parks, Ruffner, Fletcher, Pickett; stooge, Miers.
Pres. £. C. Elliott . . . returned Monday noon from Washington, D. C., where he flew Saturday night to attend a special meeting of the science committee of the National Resources Committee.
terviewing freshmen, personnel work, typing, publicity, helping with the Activities Round Table, arranging introductory tours for freshmen with various activities on the campus, and the maintenance of the activities information booth in the lobby of the Union. Work of interviewing freshmen is arranged by Betty Jane Darr, activities junior. During the fall, every freshman in the University is interviewed to determine his or her interests, both on the campus and off it, to record what activties he intends to work in, and to help him get a start on the campus if he has not already made one. Round Table Jack Stewart, junior, is arrang-
ing details for the Activities Round Table. Four meetings will be sponsored during the year for sophomores and juniors, explaining to them how they can improve in their work in activities, also what is expected of them if they do get a major position in a campus activity. Outstanding campus personalities will lecture at these round tables. Personnel work is directed by Lois Voelkel. Such work on the bureau includes typing, publicity, and arranging and recording work by students in activities. General office work, information desk, and introducing freshman activities is in charge of Walter Gipe, junior. These freshman activity meetings will be held once a week.
Altos 1 Maxine Abshire, Erm^ Berry, June Billeter, Dorothy Booth, Mildred Bossung, Mary Alice Campbell, Sue Carter, Helen Ruth Cox, Mary Crane, Josephine Davis, Dorothy Eberhardt, Barbara Pitting, Lucile Fudge, Ruth Gausman, Janet Gaylord, Margie Ging, Mollie Harding, Carolyn Hedrick, Loretta Heilman, Dorothy Holden, Patricia Keiser, Barbara Lahr, Joan LeBouf. Margaret Lingle, Betty Martin, Betty Lou Martin, Edith McAffee, Beth McCloud, Ruth McDoniels, Lois McGaughey, Martha Moon, Martha Moorhead, Elizabeth Morehouse, Mildred Owens, Marjorie Patrick, Jeanne Roberts, Eva Robertson, Rosemary Robinson, Gaby Roe, Grace Russell, Ruth Schlitter, Betty Seliger, Evelyn Shell, Carolyn Singer, Phyllis Smith, Bonnie Swope. Tenors O.E. Baker, Jake Baldwin, George Black, Kenneth Bimbrink, Wilmer Burget, Thomas Cahill, Elmer Carlquist, Robert Caskey, John Coster, Joe Davis, William Dearmond, Ray Friend, R. G. Goodwin, Ray Hake,
C.W. Hollowell, Frank Hopf, George Hopkins, Charles Johnson, George Kruder, Kenn Landon, Charles
Luther, James Marshall.
Arthur Michael, James Mills, Richard Mulvey, Ronald North, Thor Nygren, James Orton, Ralph Payne, Edmond Pluciennik, Rivers Powell, Emilio Ratti, Richard Reynolds, Chester Riegle, Harold Schulte, George Smith, Marvin Smith, Richard Starbuck, Floyd Thomas, Ellis Verink, Eugene Wilson, Jim Wolff,
Herb Wiegendt.
" Bass
John Ahrens, John Amos, J. AAnthony, Robert Bancroft, C. A. Brown, Richard Buffington, Benton Burns, Robert Burns, William Burroughs, Angelo Castelanni, John Cochran, John DeYoung, John Due, William Dunshee, Robert Edwards, Damon Elder, Morris Erickson, John Fonts, Frank Franz, J. D. Garrett, George Hamilton. Robert Hartley, T. P. Heckman, E. E. Heston, Lewis Holcomb, R. J. Horth, Roy Hulce, Wayne Hutchins, Walter Hyler, James Kienker, J. T. Marshall, Keith Maxwell, Ivan Meyers, Robert Molitor, James Moore, Ernie Morehouse, Douglas Myers, Robert Myers, J. F. Neff, George Osborn, Joseph Osborn. ^ James H. Pickerell, Chas. Powell, Donald Pyke, Edwin Reddick, Francis Reese, A. W. Rifenburgh, Raymond Robertson, T. P. Sauer, Logan Schmadel, Harold Scholl, Joseph Shepherd, Robert Smith, Sanford Smith, Charles Sopcak, William Southard, Robert Stanley, James Taggart, Robert Wade, Sam Williams, Kenneth Wood, Richard P.
Thornton.
Exponent Board There will be a meeting of both junior and senior members of the Exponent staff in the conference room at 4:15 p. m., Tuesday, S^>tember 19. INSLEY.
18 Fraternities Announce Pledges For Coming Year
Today the Exponent is printing a pactial list of fraternity pledges. Other fraternity names will appear in a future issue of the Exponent. Names should be left in the Union Exponent office or the box at the west desk of the Union. Phi Kappa Sigma R. Scudder, Edwardsport; C. Wolfe, Fremont, 0.; G. Montague, Worcester, Mass.; J. Sandleber, Evansville; J. Amos, Cleveland, O.; B. Radcliffe, Chatham, N. J.; D. Rutter, Chatham, N. J.; A. Culbertson, Mt. Lebanon, Pa.; D. Brophy, Chicago, 111. Kappa Delta Rho R. Kentner, Buffalo, N. Y.; R. Ronksey, Wheeling, W. Va.; W. Rivadeneira, Valparaiso; C. Suesse, Valparaiso; J. Miller, Alexandria; W. Clark, Alexandria; C. Hobbs, Chicago, 111.; R. Hogue, Hammond. Sigma Alpha Epsilon C. Dyson, Akron, 0.; J. Rose, LaGrange, 111.; R. Olesen, Hinsdale, 111.; J. Wjiite, West Lafayette; R.
Dilts, Winamac; R. Saunders, Logansport.
Theta Chi
W. F. Leinweber, Baltimore, Md.; R. Dauber, Orrville, 0.; W. Seaborg, South Bend; J. Brindle, Lebanon; B. Bowman, Gary; N. Hill, Trentorf, N. J.; F. Freiherr, Baltimore, Md.; P. Nottingham, Mimcie; M. Papawoli, Gary; E. Welz, New Albany; W. Smith, LaPorte; B. Shimer, Southport; N, Foster, Muncie. Sigma Alpha Mu B. Bolotin, Chicago, 111.; R. Brick, St. Louis, Mo.; H. Ceaser, Chicago, 111.; B. Finkle, South Orange, N. J.; N. Goldstein, Brooklyn,.N. Y.; B. Hyman, Waynesville, 0.; M. Marks, Chicago, 111.; A. Mordoh, Indianapolis; T. Novey, Chicago, 111.; E. Rapheal, Evansville; S. Rosenbloom, Chicago, 111.
son, Indianapolis; G. Williams, Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada; W. Fletcher, Wilmette, 111.; A. Silva, Columbus; T. McDonald, Speed. Alpha Gamma Rho H. McCarty, West Point; J. Krueck, New Haven; L. Bartling, Portland; W. Stover, Cory don; 0. Bruger, Jasper; T. Blank, Indianapolis; T. Hays, Bainbridge; R. Hurst, Milton.
holder, Indianapolis; H. Markus, Indianapolis. (Deferred pledging.)
Robinson, Pittsburgh, Pa.; F. Rule, Faust, N. Y.
Sigma Nu
Delta Tau Delta
Pi Ibppa Phi
Pi Kappa Alpha
J. Norris, Indianapolis; R. Craig, Indianapolis; E. Wright, Indianapolis; R. Carr, Indianapolis; W. Neal, Detroit, Mich.; D. Zeller, Washington, D. C.; H. Lawerence, Peru; J. Reeves, Columbus; R. Rockfeller, Columbus; K. Grant, Chicago, 111.; C. Lanius, Evanston; Lyle Osborne, South Bend; D. Eastes, Baltimore, Md.; J. Campbell, South Bend. (Deferred pledging.)
E. Walsh, Newark, N. J.; T.
Scheurell, Delaven, Wis.; F. Balog, |||0ta |aU
East Chicago; C. Rogers, Clajrton; G. Sowers, Crawfordsville; W. Wolford, Linton; R. Burns, Chicago, 111.; W. Haase, Martinsville; W. Sharpies, Wabash; E. Neate, St. Petersburg, Fla.; J. Loomis, Williamsville, N.Y.; H. Wilson, Lima, 0.
D. R. Gebiiart, Hamilton, O.; W. G. Miller, Fort Wayne; D. W. Chrisman, Columbus; W. F. Currie, Greencastle; R. J. Coers, Shelby-
ville.
C. Modory, Harvey, 111.; J. Pearson, Chicago, 111.; K. Baughman, South Bend; C. Armstrong, Kansas City, Kan.; D. Moody, Gallatin, Tex. Lambda Chi Alpha E. Barth, Park Ridge, 111.; R. Stone, Fort Brach; J. Terrill, Anderson; P. Leininger, Columbus, O.; J. Miller, Massillon, 0.; F. Smerke, Fort Worth, Tex.; J. Msrricle, Oklahoma City, Okla.; R. Russell, Chicago, 111.; T. Rosebrock, Indianapolis; W. Erhlick, Antwerpt, O.
G. Ferguson, Atlanta; R. Briggs, Gary; T. Moore, Atchinson, Kan.; R. Canhan, Springfield, HI.; C. Perkins, Manila, P. I.; R. Swab, Chicago, 111.; D. Lodge, Robinson, HI.; F. Krampe, Indianapolis; W. Trudgon, Peoria, 111.; W. Goez, Webster Grove, Mo.; W. Pattison, Indianapolis; 0. Allanson, Valpariso; J. Spaulding, Gary; W. Young, Chagrin Fall, O.; R. Paetz, Indianapolis.
Phi Kappa Psi
Phi Kappa
Beta Theta Pi
J. McCarty, West Lafayette; A. Farnsworth, Park Ridge, 111.; V. Snyder, Massilon, 0.; J. Krug, Dayton, 0.; R. Herrick, Mahwah, N. J.; B. Van Aken, Coldwater, Mich.; R. Shugg, Detroit, Mich.; W. Thomp-
Alpha Tau Omega M. Sunderland, Wilmette, 111.; R. Dentamore, Portland; J. Silman, Portland; R. Pearson, Portland; R. Hake, Worland, Wyo.; K. Hufstater, Buffalo, N. Y.; R. Shively, West Lafayette; M. Ranney, Cheboygan, Wis.; J. Ely, Indianapolis; H. Burk-
Alpha Kappa Lambda F. Conklin, Cambridge City; R. Duncan, Kokomo; H. Eckert, New Albany; R. Holloway, Downers Grove, 111.; D. Kilty, Fort Wayne; G. Marson, Cambridge City; D. Mills, Springfield, Mass.; J. North, Richmond; G. Pickerel, Indianapolis; R. Parkison, Fprt Wa3me; L.
F. O’Conner, Logansport; F. Murphy, Newark, N. J.; A. Berto, Clinton; J. Curtin, Fort Wayne; H. Devine, Milwaukee, Wis.; J. Dolson, Michigan City; J. Nemeth, South Bend; J. Parsons, Larchmont, N. Y.; P. Patterson, Newcastle; J. Piscitta, New York, N. Y.; T. Sauer, Fort Recovery, O.; R. Roesch, Indianapolis; J. Simons, Oak Park, 111.; F. Stock, Evansville; V. Surdi, Irvington, N. J.; T. Wallace, Fort Wayne.
J. Baker, Alexandria; J. Shively, Spencer; C. Green, Wilmette, 111.; C. Johnson, Frankfort; T. Baldwin, New Harmony; W. Farley, Wilmette, 111.; W. Rogers, Oak Park, IlL; E. O’Bryan, Terre Haute; J. Osborne, Indianapolis; W. Lewis, Indianapolis; J. Fraser, Park Ridge, 111.; R. Moss Lafayette; G. Hoffer, West Lafayette. Sigma Phi Epsilon R. Richtenwald, Hornell, N. Y.; K. Gustafson, Chicago, 111.; R. Kimmel, Dayton, O.; R. Hendershot, Holiday Cove, W. Va.; T. Peppier, Detroit, Mich.; B. Senart, Dayton, O.,:r.V
l.«
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
• rr
Tuesday# September 19# 1939
Purdue Exponent
Sweet Shop Dancing No Longer A Dream--We Hope "‘We’re dancing in the Sweet Shop this afternoon, believe it or not” ... such was the good word that went around the campus yesterday like a forest fire. To those of us that have been hoping and working toivard the inauguration of some kind of afternoon entertainment it came as a pleasant surprise. In these columns and by many personal contacts we have been endeavoring for months to convince the faculty and the Union that we need some kind of relaxation that is a little more strenuous than coke drinking. Yesterday afternoon’s experiment . . . and it WAS ONLY AN EXPERIMENT we hear... seems to prove that someone somewhere in the University administration saw the sincere need for novelty in the now too-dull academic routine. Do We Want It Permanently? As much as we could glean from apparently responsible sources yesterday, regular afternoon dancing in the Sweet Shop is a definite possibility. Yesterday’s experiment, unpublicized, was expressly for the purpose of determining if the students really wanted the floor cleared, or if they were merely griping. Now, if there is any doubt in the oflScial minds as to whether or not we want tea dances, all we can say is that they certainly were not in the shop yesterday afternoon. The only stipulations to be placed on the affairs, if they become a reality, are that they DO NOT INTERFERE WITH REGULAR CLASSROOM ATTENDANCE, and that the jitterbugs do not kick the wall out of the cafe^ teria or cause a terrific drain on music room patronage.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congrebs of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postatre provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
R. E. Insley W. E. Smith...
Editorial Board
Editor-in-Chief ....Bnsiness Manager
D. G. Terrio G. W. Frederick...... E. If. Antonini G. Schilling R. Jepkins
Editorial Director .Managing Editor Senior Advertising Manager Co-ed Editor Sports Editor
Junior Staff
Editorial R. P. DeHoog R. W. Donahue D. K. Heiple J. H. McKee M. L. Miers J. C. Willsey
Business R. Fisher R. Hall A. ffite , . M. Hagemeyer T. Petty G. Cox, Sec.
Sports J. P. Dolan. S. D. Marquis M. M. Richards Co-ed M. Burtafield G. Carroll B. Simpson
D. J.
Henninger, Art Director
PHONES
Editorial 4005
Sports 2792
Business 5038
£jthsiA£diiA- ■ By H. Miller
Television seems to be spreading out in its activities of late. News from New York tells of many new types of programs being televised. Last Wednesday, NBC took their cameras to Fordham University and picked the Rams for an hour as they went through their paces. Long range, wide angle lenses were used together with a second camera for close up shots. Those who viewed the results via W2XBS declared the results were way aboxe expectations. Company oflBcials said that their only trouble now was to find a football game every Saturday. Other programs to come before the cameras are musical comedies and a special adaptation of Alberto Casella’s play, “Death Takes a Holiday.” —e-e— “We interrupt this program to bring you the latest nevrs of the international situation. We take you now to Paris, France.” How many times during the last three weeks have you heard this announcement or one similar to it? Hundreds, probably if you listen to the radio very much. Though you and I as students don’t remember the last war, a good many of us can remember the birth of radio or at least some of the early programs, so we can imagine how the public waited for news of the war having to depend on the press alone. Radio has changed the public’s attitude of war as it has changed war itself. No longer do the people of the world have to wait long hours or days to know what is going on in their country or in countries across the sea, but they hear important declarations, speeches, and even the sounds of battle as soon as they happen, or even before. Imagine, you sitting by your radio and hearing the words of Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain even before those sitting in the back of the House of Comomns hear them. This is the speed of radio. The power is even greater. Every nation of Europe is waging a war of propaganda that has never before been equaled in the history of man. The radio of Europe is government controlled, hence it says just what the government wants its people and the neighboring governments to hear. Government “X” will erect a powerful station on the 30 meter band for example and start broadcasting information for its own people and for peoples of other nations. Government “Y” will then erect a more powerful station on the 30 meter band that very close in frequency
Playshop Wili Begin Casting For "Brother Rat," "Winterset" Today
Two Fall Productions Predominately Male At 4 o’clock this afternoon, in Fowler Hall, Playshop’s 16th season will get under way with the beginning of casting for “Brother Rat” and “Winterset”, the two productions scheduled for this semester. Additional tryouts are set for tomorrow afternoon at 4. “Brother Rat”, recently seen in motion picture form, deals in an entertaining manner with life at the Virginia Military Institute. It was a hit on Broadway two seasons ago. Sixteen men and five women will be needed to complete the cast. Depicting in stirring fashion the stor^of love and gangster life in New York, “Winterset” is predominated by strong characters. Nine men and four women will be needed to complete its cast. Copies of both “Brother Rat” and “Winterset” will be obtainable :in the browsing room of the Union and in the Library.
to the station of government “X”. So close, in fact, that it is hard to tell which station you have. Then government “Y” will hire a commentator whose voice inflections, accent, rate of speaking, etc., are identical with those of natives of government “X”. This commentator will then begin giving the news and an interpretation of it that government “Y” has prepared. The listeners of givernment “X” then listen to this broadcast thinking that they have their own native station and believe all of what they hear. In this manner, national opinion is swayed and the destiny of nations may be changed. Don’t forget, however, each government is doing this to each other government so that nobody knows who to believe. —e-e— 73’s till Thursday and keep up on your war news.
ALLE'^"^ SCHOOL OF DANCINCa LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY BEGINNER’S CLASS OPENS Wednesday, Sept. 20, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED CLASS OPENS Thursday, Sept. 21, 7:30 p. m. Children’s Classes Open Sat., Sept. 30 ENROLL NOW PHONE 2150 11
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lfclily
REPRESBNTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. Cottege Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N.Y. CHICAGO ■ BOSTON ■ Los ANGELES * SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue XJniverBity. All opinions in it. unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Tuesday, September 19, 1939 Night Editor—Willsey Issue Editor—Heaton We hope that the users of the so generausly prof ered dance floor will remember that it’s up to them to cooperate with the Union management to keep the floor orderly. We don’t know when the next one will be, but the trend is definitely in the right direction.—^R. E. I.
Backstage Committees Will Also Be Chosen Tryouts for all those interested in working with the backstage committees of Playshop wil be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in Fowler Hall along with the regular cast tryouts. Jack Miller, Playshop technical director, will be in charge. The committees to be selected are costume, make-up, properties, publicity, art, house, stage, and business. Workers are particularly needed for office type work such as filing, bookkeeping, and typing. Also at this time and place, the Laboratory Group will start activities. All those interested should report. Laboratory plays are -written, acted, directed, and staged entirely by students. Those wishing to participate in the radio drama broadcast weekly over WBAA should also report at this general meeting.
WBAA
Today 11:00—^The Dentist Says 11:15—Sam Hamilton, pianist 11:30—The Home Makers 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Russ Graefnitz, pianist 12:15—Arsene Summers, contralto 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time, Larry Clinton’s Orchestra 12:45—Market Reports 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:15—-Electrical Shops 1:30—Melody Time 2:30—^You and Your Child 2:45—Treasure Chest 3:00—The Voice of Industry 3:30—Glenn Paxton, electric organ 4:15—^Exponent of the Air 4:45—Story Book Hour
Today as we wandered aimlessly along our path of learning (that was your primary purpose of coming to Purdue) we made some rather interesting discoveries. First, it is our duty to commend the Union for the innovation of AFTERNOON DANCING in the SWEET SHOP— the cut-rate cigarettes should attract a large daily gathering. B & B If A1 Stewart has any trouble filling his Glee Club this year, he has only to visit Lamb’s this weekend and pick himself , out some enthusiastic singers from the Purdue Forever Glee Club. B & B Paid Ad: Dear Purdue Co-eds: Are you lonely? Are you blue? If you are not a blonde just give me a call. Upon dialing the phone ask for R. C. McNeil. My personality speaks for itself—^twice defeated in love, big activities man (190 lbs.), possessor of a pin (that I can’t get rid of), and all the BOYS like me. Please be kind. Thank you. B & B With the usual ratio of men to women on the campus some of our more far-seeing Eds have found a solution—namely, Sandwich Dates. The procedure is quite simple. Tom calls Clarabelle up, Bill accompanies Tom on his date and is allowed to pay for the drinks, etc., at the conclusion of the evening Tom says good nite to Clarabelle, Bill kisses his wallet good night and everyone is happy except Bill—he can’t seem to figure out his net gain, poor lad. B & B CALL FOR PHILLIP MORRIS . . . and poor little Johnny tried to drown out the nickel music box at the SHOP’S opening dance ... Seen at the dance ... Last year’s romance is budding again with Rourke Buenting and “Tipsy King” swinging it out in YE OLDE SHOPPE. Wilma Bear, WRH, was doing quite nicely with the “BOOTNOSE” and others giving her the well-known Purdue rush ... another WRH’er, Julia Martin, has already begun to play the lads against each other . . . The reports are that the Phi Psis and the Kappas put on a very touching serenade for the Shuyler merger . . . practice makes perfect — even in singing. Five Students Hurt In Accident Sunday Near Greencastle A junior in the M. E. school, Robert B. Reed, suffered a back injury last Saturday in an automobile accident involving himself and five other students. Several were members of a local dance band. The accident occurred on their return from an engagement in Greencastle, Ind. Four of the six students were thrown from the car when it left state highway 43 about five miles south of Crawfordsville. The two remaining inside were the only ones seriously injured. The students injured were Ralph Willy, with one black eye and chipped and broken teeth, and Russell Mock, who had three stitches taken in his head.
MAMS TODAY-WEDNESDAY
FROM THE ROMANTIC PLAY THAT CAPTURED
Borboro___, _
u
“Well, how does it feel to be retired from business at last, M. J., and to do just as you please?”
Refunds have been proceeding for several days but there is a considerable sum to be returned still. Today is the last day that one can reclaim his books or collect the money from the sale of said volumes. After today, according to Vince Hruby one must go through unending red tape and consternation to be paid off so it is absolutely imperative that all money and books reach their owners between 10 o’clock when the exchange opens and 4 p.' m. when it -will close its doors for another year.
End 1939 Activities TomorrowAfternoon student Book Exchange -will close today at 4 p. m. after doing a record amount of business.'In all, the exchange took in $4,100 for selling used books on the campus or far in excess of last year’s figures. More technical books could have been sold but there were a few non tech Vince Hruby, head of the Student Book Exchange, requested that all those who have money or hooks that they have not called for must call for it today in room F of the Union, Refunding will begin at 10 a. m. and continue until 4 p. m. ; ; : 4books that did not acquire new ownAIR CONDITIONED COOL
Follow Your ‘EXPONENT OF THE AIR” WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15 AIR CONDITIONED
MaiiI
TODAY - TOMORROW LAST TWO DAYS A NEW HIGH IN BIG TIME LAUGHS!
Acmm Mother
CHARLES COBURN FRANK ALBERTSON E. e. CLIVE
TODAY- WEDNESDAY FRED _ CINDER ASTAIRE’ROGERS IN . LYRICS ANP MUSIC BY |g[¥INII GEllIN with RALPH BELLAMY andotbera
UIMKETU TODAY - WEDNESDAY
FEARLESS ALSO "FLYING G-MEN," SERIAL
TODAY-WEDNESDAY DOUBLE FEATUURE
More Blazing Thrills Than Any Screen Has Ever Held .....
units
MARGARET LOCKWOOD MARTIN OOOD RIDER t FARREtt MckDONAID MAURICE MOSCOVICii - MORONTOiSEN' VICTOR lORY-lESTER MATTHEWS
—ALSO —
IN
TECHNICOLOR — WITH — RALPH RICHARDSON C. AUBREY SMITH
VIRGINIA!FIELD • LIONEL ATWILL 20c to 6:00 , After 6:00—10-20-25Cw
5
•f
t \ ] I
Tuesdcior# Sei^tember 19« 1999
^xpomni SpoJdL& fiaqsi
Tennis Tournaments Swinging Into Action Four intramural tennis tournaments are now in progress, including the freshman, sophomore, jun-ior-senior, and an all-campus contest. The winner of the latter will receive a trophy with the figure of a tennis player and the victors of the other contests will be awarded gold keys. Runners-up will receive silver keys. Last year’s all-campus winner was freshman Harry Deutman and George Fry was victor in the juniorsenior play-offs. Fred Richards emerged victorious in the sophomore contest and R. E. Lucht won the freshman tourney. Attention Flyers Anyone in the University who Wishes to fly, or is merely interested in making contacts with others having similar interests, should attend the first meeting of the Purdue Flying Club to be held tomorrow at 7 p. m. in the Purdue Agriculturalist room of the Union.
^isddsJik. QlfWXXJL By Robert J. Deckard
Today’s column may be called “Sport Shorts,” “An Athletic Pot-Pourri,” or anything, except some of the mendacious, blasphemous names tossed towards this fair column by some of our “deah readuhs” . . . anyway, here ’tis! « —^fc— “Ripper” Radcliff, American League diamond star, got a base hit on a strike out... he swung at and missed a ball which bounced in front of the plate and again bounced off the catcher’s shin guards out on the field . . . later the decision was reversed, and the pitcher got an error on the play . . . Chicago vs. Philadelphia, June, 1930. —fc— Golf champion, Ralph Guldahl,
J4JL C^o-edd: We I com e to Loeb's Beauty Salon, the right place to have your hair styled. We are happy to announce the addition of Mr. Martyne, well known stylist, to our already competent staff of twelve operators all under the supervision of Mr. Jack Long. Phone 7901 for Appointment. Jewell Maxwell, hostess.
Soft Water
Modern Driers
^nb’A, Ssaudb^
played on 21 courses in 23 days, with all the courses new to him ... yet his average score was 69. New York Yank star, Joe DiMaggio, hit safely in 61 consecutive games and threw out 80 players at the plate in 1938. —^fc— Odd that Lou Gehrig, Yank first baseman, batted .295 his first season with the Gothamites and again hit .295 in ’38, his last season as a regular. Don’t look for the Giants and Yanks to renew in radio next term . . . they blame the naughty air waves for empty seats. Morry Arnovich, Philly hero, was an AllAmerican cage star. —fc— Good football bets . . . Fordham, Cornell, Brown, SouthemMethodist. Jim Crowley at Fordham has one back, Jim Blumenstock, who sails a pass 60 yards and can outkick Ed Danowski. At Northwestern, Coach Lynn Waldorf says he will not be surprised if the team drops two or three games ... the Wildcats have a 24-karat suicide schedule. Ohio State’s Capt. Steve Andrako played football all summer. Ex-WRH Co-eds To Return For Picnic Former residents of the Women’s Residence Halls will return for the annual Old Girls’ picnic to be held Thursday afternoon beginning at 4:30. Girls are asked to go to the rooms they once occupied and become acquainted with the new students who have taken their places. As has been the custom during the past four years, the picnic supepr will be served on the South Hall lawn.
WORLD-FAMOUS PARKER PENS from $5.00 to $10 Pen and Pencil Sets $8.50 to $15 Start the FallTerm at College on even terms with any other student. Come in today and see our new assoirtment of Parker Pens. All sizes, styles and colors.
DECKER'S
518-520 Main St.
Phone 6477
Yes, this is the graceful Pen that made a railroad spike
look like a sissy
mork on the ARROW clip
means
Guaranteed
for life
The College Faveriie by2io1 GUARANTEED for LIFEt Not a clumsy metal object, but a fine precision instrument—a ^eamImed Featherweight, whose 14 K Gold Point glides nimbly across your paper, making your thoughts glow on the page like a living trail—that’s the z\ew Parker Vaoumatiot Yet five devastating demonstrations prove that it lasts a lifetime, and also easily withstands acid that eats away a ridlroad spike—the same
acid found in ordinary inks. Esquire Magaadne rates it in their top-fiight gift selections. And Jean
'^m^VACUMATIC'^^^ Pmut to ♦ Pena marked rrith the Blue Diamond an guaranteed tor the life of the owner agalnat
return^ for lendoe.
Abbey of Woman’s Home Companion says: “Its sparkling, shimmering, laminated style of circlets of Pearl and Jet is the loveliest I’ve ever laid my eyes on.” It holds far more ink than ordinary rubber ink sac pens. For its sacless Diaphragm filler abolishes rubber sac, IwCT filler, and piston pump. Its Television barrel shows the level of ink— prevents miming dry in classes or exams. Go and try it today—and be sure to look for the Blue Diamond mark on the smart ABIROW clip—^that means it's guaranteed for fife! You’ll never have to buy another pen. The Parker Pen Ck>., Janesville, Wls.
Cool Winds Intensify Grid Practice
Sophomores Show Up Well In Scrimmage; Elword Says Several May Play In Opener
Forty Track Men Report At Opening Meeting Of Season Forty men reported at the first meeting of track and cross country candidates yesterday afternoon. Practice will not begin officially until next Monday evening, but several members of the squad have already been working out. Homer Allen, who was freshman coach two years ago until he was given leave to study at New York University, is back this season and has been appointed assistant to Track Coach Hermon Phillips. The cross country schedule for this fall promises to be one of the toughest in several seasons. Although the schedule is still not complete, it is probable that the opening contest will take place in Pittsburgh about the middle of Octobeh, according to Coach Phillips. Varsity Tennis Team Holds Meeting Today All candidates wishing to try out for the varsity tennis team will report at the varsity courts at 4 o’clock this afternoon. Instruction, practice, and competition will be carried on as long as the weather permits this fall. At least one court will be available in the Fieldhouse to continue practice during the winter months. All freshmen interested in tennis will attend a meeting to be held in the Fieldhouse at 7_:30 p. m. Friday. Athletic Manager's Ass'n. Holds Freshman Meeting Thirty-five to 40 freshmen attended a meeting of the Athletic Manager’s Association held at 8 o’clock last night in room 104 of the Fieldhouse.” The meeting, sponsored by the various athletic managers to arouse interest in the managerial end of athletics, was in charge of Dick Stapleton, president of SAA. Each of the head managers and Noble Kizer spoke. Work starts^ today for freshman football managers. Earl Martin, senior football manager, urges all interested frosh to report to him in the lobby of the Fieldhouse at
4 p. m.
Gaining a slight relapse from the sweltering rays of 01’ Sol, which were so extremely detrimental to football practice last week and which finally drove the team into the Fieldhouse Friday to make practice possible, Coach Mai Elward ran his 70 odd varsity proteges through one of the hardest practices of the season yesterday afternoon, climaxed by a very encourag-
ing scrimmage between two varsity teams.
———— — “Instead of having an all-senior
Need Tennis Shoes To Obtain A Locker In The Fieldhouse In order to eliminate a great deal of confusion while getting Fieldhouse lockers, Charles Palmer and Charles Wagner of the checkout room have warned that all of those wishing lockers must bring a reasonably good pair of basketball shoes before they will be issued a locker. The other requirements for attaining lockers are the procurement of a receipt from the cashier’s office, which in turn must be checked by a doctor in the Student Health Service. 160 Frosh Gridmen Report To Burnham Stiff joints and sore muscles will be common to each of the 160 freshman grid aspirants who are working out under the guidance of Freshman Coach Elmer Burnham. After three days of practice, Burnham states that probably all freshmen have reported that are football possibilities. The theme of the first day’s practice will be calisthenics. With each man having the opportunity to advance to the top frosh team, the squad will be divided into intrasquad elevens for scrimmages. Including men of high school stardom and players of less prominence and experience, the entire squad will be retained throughout the^ season. Bids bue Wednesday Bids for the concessions for both home games and the home “B” team games must be in Noble Kizer’s office by noon Wednesday in order to be considered by the athletic department.
"WE’VE GOT THE BEST”
The finest of meats are those captured by our discerning buyers. They choose the most tempting of tasty meats to insure your complete enjoyment at the dinner table.
CITY MEAT and POULTRY
220 N. 3rd Street
Phone 5372
1 the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Florists
•-School Supplies
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• jewelers
• Hardware
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse —Lower Prices 822 Mam Phone 2777
team as predicted by many at the beginning of the season, it looks as though several sophomores will have a splendid opportunity to see quite a lot of action in the Notre Dame game,” remarked Coach Mai Elward while directing dummy scrimmage. Sophomores Move Up Several sophomores, moved up into seniors’ positions during practices, held down the varsity positions very effectively and efficiently. Outstanding among the second year candidates were Combs and Sprowl at right end; Melton and Detemore at left and right guard. Juniors Rossi and Kjellberg at right and left tackle, respectively, were also given long workouts and proved themselves to be definite threats to the veteran tackle candidates. I Adding greatly to the strength of the Riveter wingmen this year will be Stan Thursby, one of the best blocking ends of last Reason, who reported for practice yesterday for the first time this season. Go Over Mistakes Most of yesterday’s practice was spent going over the mistakes which came up during the scrimmage held last Saturday afternoon. Following the polishing off of the rough edges in dummy practice, the last half hour of practice was utilized for an extensive scrimmage session. Fifty Freshmen To Start Track Practice Today Approximately 50 boys answered the call for freshman track candidates and start practice this afternoon at 3 o’clock under the direction of Freshman Coach Howard Wilkening. Training will be outside until the weather gets too bad and after that will continue the rest of the winter in the Fieldhouse. Telegraphic meets will be scheluled for the coming season. Last year in 15 such contests the frosh lost only two. Prospective Cheer Leaders Meet Today; One Veteran Returns Co-ed cheer leaders, both past and prospective, will meet today at 4 p. m. in the lecture room of the women’s gym for tentative selection under the direction of Marge Stocker and her committee. All girls interested are urged to attend. Marge Moore, junior from last year’s squad, will rmdoubtedly be in the routines this fall, but there is room for new talent. The job requires vivacity, self-possession, a goo dsmile, a good figure, and a singular lack of stage fright. Th^ girls are not going to be used in the routines in the same fashion as the boys. Instead, they are going to be a sort of feature attraction at the home games and during the basketball season. Catherwood Addresses Teachers' Insfitute Dr. B. F. Catherwood, head of the liberal arts work and of the department of social science at Ithica College, said yesterday at the Tippecanoe County Teachers’ Institute meeting held in Buck Creek, “no change should be considered in our neutrality laws in the present unsettled state of public mind and while the European conflict is in its present state.” Dr. Catherwood was a former resident of Lafayette and a former Purdue graduate.iip
M
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday. September 19, 1939
Pan Hellenic Council Will Hold Meeting For Co-ed Rushees Co-eds who aie planning to go through rush this fall are urged to attend a special meeting sponsored by the Pan-Hellenic Council this afternoon at 4 o’clock m room 211 in Stanley Coulter Hall. For the convenience of lushees, Fiances Raebig, president of the organization, will explain the co-ed rush rules for this yeai. Repiesentatives fioni Alpha Chi Omega, Alpha Xi Delta, Chi Omega, Kappa Alpha Theta, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Phi Mu, and Pi Beta Phi soiorities will have representatives at the meeting to give brief talks on her group. Soroiity financial obligations will be discussed and questions concerning lusli will be answered. Saturday, Septembei 30, at 1:30 p m. is the date for the opening of the formal rush season. At this time there will be a meeting of all rushees and rush captains in the Union building. Open house will be held in each soioiity following this meeting foi all lushees Informal dinners will be held Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday nights A formal dinner on Thursday night will end the restricted rush period, sorority pledging to take place on Friday, October 6. "99" Club of Women Fliers Organizes Indiana Chapter At Fall Business Meeting Members of the “99” Club, national organization of women fliers, held the fall meeting of the north central chapter of their organization in Lafayette last Sunday. The 16 women, some of whom piloted their own planes to Lafayette, attended a business meeting Sunday morning at the Fowler Hotel and officially organized the Indiana chapter of the club, electing as chairman Patricia Dickerson of Lafayette. The “99” Club, which was founded by Amelia Earhart, is active in providing a scholarship fir the purpose of training girls interested in aviation. Miss Jane Templeton, Purdue ’38, a licensed pilot, was in charge of the local arrangements. Meeting Rooms OfiBcials of all organizations (Who desire Union rooms for regular club or society meetings should present a written petition to Paul Cooper, Student Union president, before 4 o’clock this afternoon. Petitions should include time and room preferences (more than one). Petitions should be turned into the Student Union office.
Classified Ads
lost—A brown bill fold, near the Physics Buildings Stan Widman Phone 8436. Cary HaUN W 321
OPEN FOR ENGAGEMENTS BILL MARTIN AND HIS ORCHESTRA FEATURING DOROTHY DOWNING THE QUINTETTE THE MARTINETTES AND ANGELICO CARCHITANOVA Phone 2375
NOTICES
Sophomores: Will the following; students gret in touch with me this week concerning; their work, past and future, on the Exponent editorial staff. H. F. Hays, Lester Robinson, Herbert Payne, William P. Etter, Richard F. Sears, Roger F. Nusbaum, Edgar M Katzenberg, Donald S. Powers, John C. Jarrett, Edward E Pickett, Robert G. Bosart. If impossible for you to see me, leave your phone number with someone in the office, or drop it in the Exponent box on the main Union desk —FRED, Exponent managing editor
rine Reifers, Mary Stong, J. Benlia, G. McMullen, H Wagner, C Bredes, W Clapp, P Jordan, J Martin, H Unaicker, C Lutz. —VOYLES.
Student Senate: There will be a meeting of all members Wednesday, September 19, in room A of the Union at 7:30 p m. All new members please be present —DANIELS
for shoes report immediately to the Varsity Boot Shop for fittings. Sophomores, juniors, and seniors desiring shoes, report to Supply room for shoe slips before going to the Varsity Boot Shop Sox for military students are available at the Varsity Boot Shop (9-22) —CAPT. HOLMES.
PEW Bowling: All PEW bowling classes will have their first meeting at the scheduled hour in the Women’s Gymnasium. Fee of $2 should be paid at this meeting. —KNIGHT.
Ceres: Meeting in room F, Union Building, Tuesday, September 19,
Activity Bureau Interviewers: All sophomores and juniors interested in interviewing freshman students report to room B of the Union at 4 p m Tuesday, September 19 —DARR
Exponent Co-eds: Staff for Tuesday night, September 19, is Regina Baker, Peg Guise, and Maeta Kaplan Permanent sophomore schedule will be published* in Wednesday’s paper. —SCHILLING.
Playshop Tryouts: Tryouts for the productions “Brother Rat" and "Winterset” will be held Tuesday and Wednesday, September 19 and 20, at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. —DIETRICH.
Follow Your “EXPONENT OF THE AIR WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
Exponent Editorial Workers: Permanent schedules are now posted in the office If there are any changes to be made please see me —FRED
Camera Club: First meeting Wednesday, September 20, at 7 30 p m in the Union ballroom Program for the year will be announced All students and faculty interested are invited —HEDDEN
Purdue Engineer: There will be a meeting of both staffs in the office at 7 p. m on Tuesday, September 19. —SQUIRES.
Freshmen: All interesting in becoming football managers report to Varsity Field at 4pm today —MARTIN, BUTTERFIELD.
Catalyst Club • AIJ nominations for pledges must be placed in the box in Dr Lovell’s office by Thursday, September 21 Important meeting Thursday, September 21, in room 301 in the Chemical and Metallurgical Building at 7 30 p m —OMOHUNDRO
Exponent Workers: The following sophomores are to work as hereby assigned: Lynn, Monday, Pickett, Tuesday: Lannon and Novey, Wednesday , Mezger, Thursday; Carpenter and Bollwinkel, Friday; and Purcell, Saturday. —FRED
Purdue Motorcyclist Club: All riders welcome to formation iiding practice Tuesday, September 19 Meet at the standard station across from the Union -BADE
Playshop Members: Meeting in Fowler Hall Wednesday September 20, at 7 30 p m Election of officers and other important business —HEINE
Gimlet: Short but important meeting in room C of the Union, Wednesday, September 20 All members are urged to he present at 7 p m. —FRAZEE
Delta Rho Kappa; Impoitant meeting Wednesday, September 20 at 7 30 p m in room F of the Union Election of officers —ESTEY Skull and Crescent • Important meeting Tuesday, September 19, at 7 p m in the Agriculturist room of the Union All members attend —BELLES Following Persons' Have books at the books exchange which cannot be sold These books must be called for befoie 4pm Tuesday, September 19 D Meyer, P H Chiri, Mary Halstead, R Brown, Chas Williams, Thelma Cox, J Roembke, S Pequignot L Smith, E Neher E Hertenstein, J Huff, J Swartz, G Keggeries Betty Broyles D Harlan R Tiueman, J Davis, R Ray, Cor-
M. E Students: ASME organization meeting will be held Thursday, September 21, at 7 30 p m in the Union ballroom J W Parker chief engineer of Detroit Edison Co , will speak Refreshments will be served —BRYAN
Science Assemblies: Freshman science students will meet in second-floor lecture room, Stanley Coulter Hall, Tuesday, September 19, at 3 p. m —ENDERS.
Gilder Club: Meeting Thursday, September 21, in loom P of the Union at 7 30 p m Colored movies of Frankfort soaring meet will be shown All students interested are welcome —ADAMS
Christian Science Organization: A special meeting will be held Tuesday, September 19, at 7 30 p m in room C of the Union. Important business will follow —BREWSTER.
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
Varsity Pistol • All members of last year’s varsity pistol team report to Captain Holmes at 4 p m Tuesday, September 19 —CAPT HOLMES
Surveying: Make up in C E 6 is scheduled for Saturday, September 23, at 1 p m Permits must be obtained in room 102, Civil Engineering building, before September 21. —LOMMBL
Military Students: All students taking military training who have not been fitted
Novice Pistol: Students desiring to fire in the first novice pistol group should sign in supply room prior to 4 p. m. Tuesday, September 19 —CAPT. HOLMES.
Start the School Year Right! On Your School Year Calendar, include the use of Crown Cleaning Service Regularly. H HfiSSSV r'iNE CLEa'nERS of FINE CLOTHES
Sen5ational A/ew LiQiii iimm
Gives your lips fruly smearless, truly lasting luscious color PRINCESS PAT
Now comes a sweetly fragrant liquid utterly devoid * ■ of oil or grease, to deck your lips with the first^ruly 9 smearless, and the only truly lasting color nhey ■ have ever had. It’s simply marvelous. Apply before dinner and you’ll discover at dawn that your lips have lost none of the rich redness and bewitching luster this heavenly liquid instantly gives theni. One of the six dramatic shades in which Princess Pat makes Liquid LIPTONE available to you is sure to be exactly yours. Do come in at once. Toilet Goods Section,
ML Toiletries — Street Floor
PROPRAMS, tickets, announcements, stationery and other printing at painless prices Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S 29th Phone 5205.
IX)ST—Sigma Alpha Mu pm bearing initials H A F Return to Herbert Fuente, 2476 Reward SINGtiE ROOM — Innerspring mattress, knee-hole desk 627 N Grant St Phone 6-1682 LOST—Green fountain pen from Shaefer desk set. 103 Golden Shops Reward ATTRACTIVE down stairs front room Near campus For ladies, single or double. Phone 66264
TYPEWRITEES—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired New portable machines as low as $29 76 Supplies C F. Ebershoff, 608 Main Street
7m
At the Aquacade, Show-Hit of the New York World’s Fair, Chesterfield has the call see more Chesterfield smokers every place you go. That’s because Chesterfield’s Right Combination of the best home-grown and aromatic Turkish tobaccos is the only combination that gives them a cigarette of real mildness with a different and better taste and a more pleasing aroma.
Copyright 1939, Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co,
S V
a