■'A,/
r
SDX CONTINUES Alinua! 'Good Teacher' Award
FEATURi Mentions Noticeable Signs Of Spring
Established 1889
This is the army, ROTC
Volume 55/ No. 105
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, March 16, 1S^43
Army To Induct Advanced ROTC Today-Friday it L* f I n M. c T • Ljl' r Army Regulations
rabien Sevitzky Returns For Tonights Convo
University Band, Symphony Orchestra Unite For Finale Dr. Fabien Sevitzky will return to the campus with the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra for the performance in the Music Hall this evening at 7:30. This year at Dr. Sevitzky’s request, the University Symphonic Band will join the Symp)iony in the playing of the popular and stirring finale to Tfechaikowsky’s “1812 Overture”. In this combined performance, Dr. Sevitzky will conduct
the two organizations. Dr. Sevitzky has been con-
ductor of the Indianapolis Siymphony since 1936, and in this time has led the organizatioh to the position of distinction which it holds today. For some time, it has been considered one of the up atid coming- symphonies of the mid-
Fabien Sevitzky
Concert Program To Old Glory Fabien Sevitzky Symphony in E. Minor, No. 4 Opus 98 Johannes Brahms (Intermission) Peer Gynt Suite No. 2, Opus 55 Edvard Grieg l8i2 Oveture Peter Tschaikowsky west. At present, it is rated among the sixteen major orchestras of the country. A Strict Conductor t)i*. Sevitzky his gamed wide fecognitioi^ for his accomplishments and is noted as a strict conductor, requiring strenuous schedules of the members of the orchestra. In the post the symphony has traveled extensively, but this year their schedule has been cut considerably due to difficulty of tianspoitation. The orchestra contains eightyfive pieces, twelve women players, one of which is head of her section. Fritz Siegal is concertmaster having succeeded Leon Zawisza now serving in the armed foices. Children’s Concert Cancelled Because the Children’s Concert has been cancelled, childien of the public schools, grade schools and high schools will be admitted to the pol’fonnancc at the special rate of twenty-five cents. Children under high school age must be accompanied by an adult. Otherwise, admission will be as usual by student passport, season ticket or single tickets at $1.10. Uniformed men serving in the armed services will be admitted free. Petitions For Junior, Senior Activity Bureau jobs Due Tomorrow Petitions for election to junior and senior jobs on Activities Bureau must be placed in the office by 5 p. m. tomorrow. Any junior, senior or second-semester sophomore ed or coed is eligible to petition for a position providing the ed is in 4-F or otherwise not liable to be called to service during the summer semester. Mky Elect Coed Director The four principal positions which must be filled for the summer teem only are: director, made vacant by Bill Reckman who is m advanced military; executive, Jim Pecsok, who is also in advanced military; junior executives. Bill Moore and Bill Shaw, who are in the ERC. Activities Bureau has never had a coed director; and until only recently has never had coed executives. However, in view of the depletion of the available male student enrollment, Activities Bureau officers in charge of the election hint that a coed director may be chosen for the summer semester. Experience, Ability Necessary Factors which the nine major campus activities’ heads will consider in selecting new officers will be experience, ability, and ideas of the petitioner. Two senior executives’ vote will be counted double when the final selection is made. All sophomores may petition for the five junior jobs which must be filled by the election, \
To Govern Cadets Approximately fifty advanced military students will go to
Indianapolis today where they will be inducted into the Enlisted Reserves and assigned to active duty in the army. Aftqr three or four days which will be required for processing and issuing uniforms, the men will be returned to the University to continue their regular courses of study. The remainder of the advanced corps who are in the Enlisted Reserves will go
Amazing to students have been many of the new noises heard on the campus since the Benjamin Harrison Thursday and Friday and mil be University has gone “all out” on war projects. Two afternoons and many evenings a week inducted into the Army at that time. T ey wi a so ere ^nme the roar of the engine on the torque test stand at the University Airport may be heard all University, which has now been o cia y esigna e as
over West Lafayette.
The engine, a seven cylinder Lycoming-Smith radial with a controlable pitch propeller, is used principally by aeronautical engineering students in connection with Aero 110. This course has been designed to give the
Engine Test Stand At Airport Ruffles Air Over University
W. R. Woodward
. will condilict the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra in the Music Hall tonight at 7 30. ROTC Officers' Induction Halts Military Dance The Scabbard and Blade dance which was originally scheduled for next Friday night has been cancelled because of the induction into the army of the ROTC cadet officers. Tentativd plans are being laid to hold the dance on April 3. Definite time and place will be announced in a future edition of the Exponent. Dean Bans Slacks For Campus Wear At Louisiana State Slack-happy coeds at Louisiana State have set up a howl of protest towauls the Older of their kindly dean of women, Nora Neill Power, banning the weaiing of slacks by coeds. The oidci was issued after much controversy on and off the LSU campus. Even such shapely women as Betty Grable and Paulette Goddaid were diawn into the argument but on oiiposite sides. The concensus of opinion on the LSU campus as voiced by the eds IS that they would like to see moie of the women’s figures, lor to judge figuies you have to see them. The coeds aic generally willing to concede that the slacks should be worn by only the ‘cuived cuties,’ but some of the LSU soioiity housemotheis say that since the issue has been biought up, they intend to weal slacks, figures or not. Electrical World's . . , current issue contains two interesting ai tides by former University students, one by Clayton M. Allen, PSEE 1920, and the olhei by Guy H. Kelsay, EE 1900 Mr. Allen IS senior electiical engineei in charge of constiuction planning for the Los Angeles Bureau of Power and Light and Mr. Kelsay is Electrical Engineer for the Indianapolis Power and Light Company. Reamers Pick up relay tickets in Exponent oHk’c this afternoon at 4
p. in.
—BOkSWINKLE
student a working knowledge of airplane engines and performance before he enters industry. According to W. TBean, who has constructed most of the stand, employers can save as much as three months’ time by hiring men able to run the power altitude tests which are performed
on this stand. In New Wing
Located in a “U” shaped tunnel in the new wing of the airport building, the engine is separated from its operators by three thicknesses of half inch safety glass. The plane of rotation of the propeller is such that should it come loose it would not come in contact with the glass. Because of this and other safety precautions, no accidents have occurred as yet. The present engine was installed during the recent Christmas vacation. The equipment of torque test . . aero instructor, operating the engine in the new torque laboratory, however, has been un- test stand at the University Airport der construction for a year and was
operated last semester with a constant pitch propellor on a smaller
engine.
Very similar to the test stands that Pratt & Whitney and Wright engine companies maintain, only on a smaller scale, this stand is constructed mhmly for obtaining horsepower at various speeds. The propellor load characteristic tests are run to see how much horsepower the propellor will absoib at different speeds. Run At Sea Level The power-altitude tests are in reality all run at .sea level and then converted by means of extrapolation with data obtained under test conditions to the actual rated peiformance at different altitudes. Fiom this data aiicraft manufactuicrs arc able to anticipate the performance of then engines at higher altitudes without the use of the costly apparatus necessary to actually make such tests. Puority (iilliculty has not been an obstacle in the paths of those who made possible this new laboratory. Unlimited supplies of gasoline of seventy and ninety octane ratings aie available. The course has demanded consti uction ot many new
Government Asks Students To Save Fats By Madelyn Grotnes Pull cooperation of all fiaternities and soroiities is urgently needed by the government in saving waste fats which are definitely playing an important part in the war effort. At present enough waste fat IS being saved each month by the Aimy and Navy to make glycerine explosives that would blast an aiea of 5 sq. blocks if dtopped on Tokyo or Berlin. But why not make this 5 sq. miles which could be accomplished through an all-out effort of the American people. In other woids the goveinmcnt wishes everyone to start dropping grease on the Axis and not down the kitch-
en sinks.
Fiom busy kitchens whoic thousands of soldieis are fed each day to the lolling galleys of ships at sea, Aineiicaii fighting men aie saving fats to tuin into glyceiine, a basic lequuement foi extra-stiength ex-
Man-Eating Phi AWS To Sponsor Psi's Play Ball Marital Lecture
Thursday Evening
Gulf Oil Company Awards Fellowships To College Grads According to word received by the Purdue Engineer, the Gulf Oil Corpoiation has recently announced the inauguration of fellowships in the fields of physics, chemistry, geol-og-y, engineering and business administration at eleven of the country’s foiemost colleges and univer-
sities.
Application for the fellowships is open to graduates of recognized colleges and univcisities and to men or women who, through established training and achievement, are able
to demonstiate their preparedness taneously siezed with the same im-
for advanced tiaining. Application must be made directly to the participating institutions. Complete details of the plan, together with the propel procedure for making application, will be made in the near
futuie.
World Dependent On Science In announcing the cication of the
the 1545th Service Unit.
After returning to the University the men will be classed as privates and will receive privates pay. The uniform will be the regulation dress. At 7:35 a. m. roll will be taken at an assembly in the Armory; at night, 7:30 to 10:30, will be set aside as study hours and anyone doing anything else will have to have a pass granted by the commanding officer in Cary
Halls.
Week End Leaves Leaves will be granted over the week end, but passes will also be needed for this in order to meet Army regulations. Under the plan, students will more or less be on their honor, in order that the new regulations will interfere in as small a way as possible with the student’s regular activities. It will become necessary for students who work to quit their jobs, since army regulations forbid anyone in the army from working at jobs which bring remuneration. Other details are being worked out by officers in charge of the group and they have indicated that individual cases will be given special consideration in an effort to hold the interference with regular activities to a minimum. Officials emphasize the fact that the students will continue in their regularly scheduled classes and with the exception of the evening study period, their time will be their own. Absence from class without an excuse will be the same as AWOL and other administrative measures will be carried out in an army manner. These plans apply to only the remainder of this semester and it is contemplated that the group will be sent out at the end of the semester under plans which have been previously announced.
When boys start throiving baseballs around, it is a sure sign that spring is just around the corner; but, when in addition to that, man bites man, that is really news. It seems that two Phi Psis were throwing a baseball back and forth in the best of style. One of the fellows thiew the ball up in the air so that it would land somewhere between the two. Both were simul-
special tools to be used in connec- plosives which they themselves may fellowships, the Gulf management tion with the engine disassembly ' - . .
lab run simultaneously with the
torque stand testing.
Engines similar to the one luii in the laboratoiy aio torn down and assembled in this part of the course. It is practical for only seven 01 eight to run the power altitude tests and since each division contains fifteen men, half of them work on engines and study fuels.
Student Co-ops
To Hold
Tomorrow In Union
Banquet
Tomorrow evening at G p. m. in the South Ballroom of the Union the sixth annual Student Co-opera-tive Banquet will be held. It will probably be the last of the large scale banquets held by the SCA for the duration, due to point rationing. It IS expected that future affairs will be individual and of smaller attendance. Members of meq’s and women’s cooperative houses, their house mothers, advisors, and several membeis of the faculty, including the Dean of Men and the Dean of Women, will be present. The president of the organization, Charles Antinaccio, will preside during the entertainment and dinner.
some day use in caiiying the wai
to the Axis.
Develop Grease Traps
Thiough the efforts of the Salvage Division, War Pioduction Board, blanches have been oiganized in the Army, Navy and Marine Corps to salvage and sell these tats. Besides the legular soiuce of waste fats fiom drippings or ■^ed vegetable lats, the Army has utilized interceptois or giease traps to important advantage. These specially built devices salvage the giease fiom watei after the kitchen utensils and dishes have been washed This fat, collected daily liy the Salvage Bianch of the Office of the Quaitermastei General, is sold to soap manufactui eis for high
explosives.
Everj Little Drip Counts Accoiding to officials of the Office ol the Quaitermastei- Geneial, the supply ol glyceiine fiom Army camps IS sufficient to manufactuie about 2,000,000 pounds of dynamite monthly oi 24,000,000 pounds aniiually. It may also be used for shell-piopelling eoidite, The soap that IS made from the lesidue of the rendered giease amounts to 8,000,000 pounds monthly. Our contiibutions may not bo as great as these but every little diip counts. Stait today and save all vaste fats that play such an important pait in making- these giant block bustois.
openly recognized that Ameiica and the woild are dependent upon science for then industiial pi ogress, and that science can be made available and can be applied only by ti allied pel sons. As each year passes, the pioblems of industry become moie complex. In just the last few years, such increasingly impoitant industiies as Synthetic lubber, higher octane aviation gasoline, plastics and others have had
their beginning, ,
Relativcdy little is known about many of the new industries and only thiough the utilization of science can then pioducts be made of great-
est value to the public.
Preler Eniplojee’s Children The mauguiation of the Gulf fellowships is an attempt to repay, to some degree, a debt to science and at the same time to inciease the numbei of trained and able men and women who may contiibute to the iiidustiial, social and economic
advancement of America.
The only condition that in any way limits the schools in selecting a candidate is a piovision that if one of the applicants for a fellowship IS the child of a Gulf employee w'lth qualifications being equal to otheis competing, the son or daughtei of the employee shall be given
preference.
Recipient Under No Obligation The Gulf company will make no (See GULF OIL, page 4)
pulse, and followed their impulse without the slightest hesitation. The result was two broken teeth, thiee stitches in a jaw plus a prize-
winning shiner.
Incidentally, the ball was not
caught.
Units Choose 12 Relay Queen Candidates Finalists in the contest for Queen of the Purdue Relays were announced last night after a closing vote. Relay tickets will have an extia stub attached, on which those attending the relays may record their votes for the queen, picking her from this group. Those selected were. Martha Lee Riggs, Delta Gamma; Donna Jean Leever, South Hall, WRH; Mary Mattox, North Hall, WRH; Annie R. Stinson, Phi Mu; Rosemary Oesch, Novadale, SCA; Betty Hudson, Alpha Chi Omega; Margaret Heddrich, PI A; Sue.Mayer, Pi Phi; Annie Ostrander, Kappa Alpha Theta; Vivian Peterson, Alpha Xi Delta; Kay Heitmann, Chi Omega, and Melda By ion Reed, Kappa Kappa Gamma. Coed Staff There will be a meeting of all coed workers on the editorial staff in the Exponent office at I p. m. Tuesday, March 16. Schedules will be worked out. —LAUER
Dr. Mary Ade, graduate in school of medicine at Indiana University, will speak Thursday evening et 7:30 in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union on the subject, “Marriage as a Normal Relationship.” This will be the first in the series of marital lectures sponsored by AWS which are open to sixth, seventh and eighth term women only. Any other coeds -wishing to attend, must turn in a statement giving their reason for desiring to hear these special lectures. Accompanying these statements, must be a reference from the head resident, house mother or some other person of authority on campus. These forms must be turned in to the AWS mail box at the west desk of the Union by this noon. March 23, Dr. Marie Wessels of Chicago will be here to lecture on the “Hygiene oT Marriage.” March 31, Dr. Lucia E. Tower will speak on “Happiness in Marriage.” Lk. Ralph Gerard will close the seri^ of marital lectures with his address on “Marriage from t^e Mad’s Point of View,” scheduW April 6. Sixth, seventh and eighth teim women are urged to attend. Adonttance will be by passport only. Ad Staff Meeting of all ad salesmen today at 7 p. m. Important that aU be present. —PILP!
W. Worzella
... of the University agronomy department, has just had his article, “Response on Wheat Varieties to Different Levels of Soil Productivity: 1. Grain Yield and Total Weight” published in the Fefaruajry issue of the Journal of the Society of Agronomy. The article, deals with the spouse in grain yield and tot^ weight of five varieties of to different levels of soil fwtiUtqi established by the addition of eral fertilizers.1,
1^
WmMIBhr.i-.<«l)|liR&''l ' ,' I'li, j-i • y'' ^^
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, Mareh 1943
\ \f'
Purdue Exponent
Offices; Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Ficldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377 Honorarj’ Editor William C. Hoskin With the Colors
Editor Business Manaccr News Editor MKtiajrinlr Editor Senior AdsertisiiiK Mnnai Sports Editor Coed Editor Coed Business Executive
Bale E. Bit* Gerhard H. Klouman Uohert W. Boswinkl Sally Beni James G. Pctt^ Joseph S. Dawsor Jean Ln ’i A. Jane Kcim
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors; F J. Vepli. J T Ricliardson. T, t, Tiltoi W. H. Tyson W. L. Vormilion, M L Smith, C. C. Martmdell, E. Murphy. Coed Staff: Pnjlli.s Mann. Martha Lee Riggs. Carolyn Wilbur, Elaine Ahrens. „ r. ^ Sports Staff: C. Sowards, J. Ackerman, D. Shrycr, R. Smith
Business Staff Assistant Advertising Manager: J. Filpi. „ Advertising Managers: J. Flexon, C. Gaunt, J. McCullough J. Tabb Circulation Manager: R H Kroeplin. Accounts Manager: Mary Dilts.
Editor-in-Chief
The Purdue Independent
.. Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Smith Sports Editor: Ackerman Da vBditor: Wilhur Issue Editor: Stephenson Workers: Sommirs Forsvtlie Grolnts, Speck, Abbott, Richardson, Moore, Lipe^, Hopkins, Hahn
Entered ns second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided tor in section 1103, act of October 3. 1917, authorised January 20, 1922 Published on Tuesday. Thurid.iy, Friday and Sunday mornings during the veai. Delivered locally by carrier for S1.7i) for a semester or S3 00 fo” two semesters ; by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3 .70 for two semosleis. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc , College Publishers Representatives, 420 skadison Ave., New York, N. Y.
SDK Offers Annual Awards
The Ratio
3.55 ... t© I
BIG .MOUTH
We think that Aijjhi Ciii Nedia .\nn Pierce has finally cauglit heibelf in hei own tiajj. SAE Ken Bradley has: been tij^ing to put liib pm on lui for (luite a w
lie
and Nedi-a has just as .steadily been refiisinR him.
However, as a leason for itfusing to date with other suitor a few nights apo, Xi dia told the boy that she had Ken’s pm. Well, Nedia, Ken heard about it and intends to make you bol^AtTyoui wouis.
PUN S Otliei asroiti d pins w hull have oone out duimg the week intlude the lollowin«. .Mitke> .McTafiue, the ATO yeotsinan, plated ins badtte on Theta PledRc Jeanne Uoopei. Ralph Menill, mwly mituited Sig Ejj, pul hi.s ou( on 'onie I’l I'ln He can fmd out no , jnoie about the Ral, i;.t( pt that Hob Lajtoii leels tlniL pai t of 1ki beloiif's luui^ suite it was hn pm.
LOT ON HER MIMJ 'ihe'e’.s not niutli hope foi lli ■ b(.,\ s siiU p.ii aiound the eainpu.s it all the ru;,,s that have jiunt have sweet,ieh like tlins little lass J’ni about to mention. Just about the hei^dit of .soniethrng-oi-othei is the 7,'3-paRe letter that Pi Phi pledge Sandy Kander.s lecently .sent to l)U Pete Aspinwall, who lelt foi the Air Corps lecently.
qiie WASUMTOM S - W g.T u s p.t oit MERRY-GO-ROUHD
By DREW PEARSON Roosevelt Charm, Beer, Cheese, Crackers Appease GOP Leaders; Presideret Kids Claire Luce
China
By G. B. Wu
^feUsAJL to the
lust Looking Around
By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson
WASHINGTON—The President’s visit with freshman Senators and Representatives was a rousing- success from the standpoint of improving his shaky relations with Congress. The 117 new members, most of them Republicans, left the White House after partaking of beer, cheese, crackers and a double helping of Roosevelt charm. To a man, they sang his praise.s, and most of the singing was done by Republicans who had blasted the President and his administration up hill and down dale in the last campaign. Roosevelt entertained his guests with a variety of conversational topics, ranging from a serious discussion on the progress of the war and his trip to Africa to light banter on Congressional “word-coining” and “pleasure driving.” So they could get to know him better, Speaker Rayburn took turns in assembling the Congressional visitors before the President in three separate groups of about 40 each. This enabled everyone to hear him at close range, without neck-craning. Meanwhile, the others munthccl crackers and drank beer in other parts of the room. And right here let it be noted that, though the President paid special attention to Republican Representative Winifred C. Stanley of New York—which some construed as'a slap at her more publicized GOP colleague, Clare Luce of Connecticut—he by no means ignored the latter. « Special Quip For Luce
Chinese soldiers arc taught both technical warfare and spiritual responsibility. The Generalissimo outlined the following plan for spiritual training for Chine.se soldiers, 'fhe twelve dicta apply to military men, party members, public functionaries and students also: 1. Loyalty and courage are the basis of patriotism. 2. Filial devotion is the basis of an orderly family. 3. Goodwill and charity arc the basis of harmonious relationships. 4. Faithfulness and uprightness are the basis of a successful career. 6. Peaceableness is the basis of getting on With the \vorld. Cl. Courtesy and self-control are the basis of good administration. 7. Obedience in basis of bearingresponsibility. 8. Diligence and tlirift are the basis of service. 9. Orderliness and cleanliness are the basis of physical health.
Dearest Editor: We’ve been confused for years by the similarity between the Gimlet pledge pots and the hats worn by the Silver Mask Club, but that ended with the Gimlet pledgeship. Now something new has come out to haunt the poor Gimlet even after he becomes an active. We’re talking .about those new hats which appeared on the campus yesterday morning worn by members of Alpha Phi Onlega. The only difference is the little symbol on front (not visible at more than 20 feet) and the color of the inside (which no one can sec anyway). Something should be done about people like that. Some of the Gimlets arc mumbling something about a mass potburning. —Jack Rendell.
Mountain tribesmen called Goumiers from French Morocco arc doing their share in not making the Germans and Italians at home in the Tunisian hills. These warriors are said to be among the (best mountain fighters in the world and already Italians have fled without counting the number of Goumiers - who were attacking. Darkness
and a knife or bayonet ate a nemesis for Axis soldiers in
Personnel Notes
Companies scheduled to visit the lonely OUtposts in still an-
other invaded, battle-ravaged coun-
campus:
General Eicctrjp Company, Schenectady, New York—Mai-ch 17 and 18. Interested in April and August
ME, EE.
try.
XXX
Coast Guard ice breakers arp hammering at the worst jams id
Not going the waj’ of beef steaks, Sunday afternoon automobile rides, and twelve p. m. week day coed hours is SDX’s first wartime campaign to select the “best of Purdue’s good teachers” and “the man who has made the greatest contribution to the welfare, success and'reputation of Purdue University” during the past year. Annually, and this year is ho exception. Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalistic fraternity, comes forth with its “Best Teacher Award” and its “Leather Medal Medalion”. In order to more fairly select the winners of the awards, the fraternity is making an effort to get as many students and faculty members as possible to express their choices for the honors along with their reason why these men were chosen. The phrase “good teacher” has many definitions and some of them will be published in the Exponent in order to offer some basis on which to select the best “teacher”. The award was begun in 1938 in order to promote better teaching on the campus. Winners in the past have been the deserving Professors Estay, Fariman, Murphy, Little and Hunt. The Leather Medal has been awarded annually since 1921 and anyone connected with the University is eligible for consideration as a candidate. V/inners in the past have been competent Bill Boden, perceptive George Ade, forceful ex-governor Leslie, conscientious Sergeant Shortie Purchla, hard driving Dean Potter, kindly Dave Ross, untiring Tommy Johnston, consistent Piggie Lambert, dynamic Dr. Elliott, inspiring Nobe Kizer, energetic Bob V/oodworth, congenial G. A. Young, sprightly Spotts Emerick, kindred Bill Knapp, sympathic former Dean Fisher, storied Stanley Coulter, brilliant Dr. Hass, impressive R. B. Stewart and several others. This is the student’s opportunity to get on the band wagon for their favorite teacher without being accused of, or perhaps we should say without the advantages of, apple polishing. This is the chance for members of the faculty to suggest deserving members of the staff for consideration for the awards. Anyone with suggestions is requested by Sigma Delta Chi to leave the list at the West Desk in the Exponent box or to mail the list to the Exponent.—r.w.b.
The President had a special quip for the glamorous Clare, apropos of her anti-Admiuistration speech on post-war aviation. While she was listening, he told the grovip that he was tired of hearing the xxar with Japan described as a war of “attrition.” He explained that with more and more tons of Jap shipping destroyed, or airplanes shot down, victory over Japan is that much closer, since our production facilities are much greater than Japan’s. “The wdrd the experts have for this is attrition,” he added. “But it is not a good word. Many people do not under.stand what il means. Someone ought to think up a new word.” With a mischievous grin at Mrs. Luce, the President added gayly : “That’s a job lor you new members of Congress. Some ol )oii are 7eiy good at thinking up lien w ords.” Vice President Wallace, who was present and whose post-war views weic described by the Connecticut congresswoman as “globoloney,” joined m the laughter. While on the subject of words, the President made a confession. Pei haps he had heard the complaint of Democratic National Committee members who said he had not let them talk. Anyway he said: “Some people chaim I do -all the talking on occasions like this. That may be true. I admit I do a lot oi talking. I like to talk. Bui if I’m caiiying it too far tonight, I want you to stop me.” No one tiied to stop the Piesident, honever, for all those present seemed to be enjoying the show immensely. Theie were more laughs when the Piesident shook hands with Representative Charl'es E. McKenzie and James 11. Moinson, both of the Louisiana delegation which has threatened a sit-down stiikc against him unless, they get a Iluey Long- judge appointed to the 5th Circuit Couit of Appeals. “I’m glad to meet you.” he told the Loiiisianans. Then he added with an audible aside: “Don’t make this your last visit. Slip through the backdoor sometime soon.” ® Gives Tribufe To Will Rogers The President spoke (ouchinglj to Representatii e Will Rogers of California about his lather, the famous humorist. “An admirer of your father sent me a .statue of him, which I keep in ni) Hide Park home. I nish vou uould come up to see it sometime.” There were special words for many more of the guests, including Republican Repi-e.sentative Calvin Johnson of Illinois. A.s he shook hands i\ith Roosevelt, Johnson remarked: “I don't belong to your partj, but I guess I’ll find myself voting for >oii even at times when I may not wholly agree with jou. You see, I have three sons in the service.” “That’s fine,” beametl the Piesident, “but I’m one up on you. I have four boys m the .service. “Well, you’ie oldei than I,” counteied Johnson. The President inquired about each of Johnson’s sons, was especialfy intuiestod to learn that one, Lieut. B. (“Bainey”) Johnson, was with the Aimj An Corps at Randolph Field. “I was talking- to Geneial ‘llap’ Arnold lecently and told him we woukl have many thousands of new planes ready for service this yeai,” the President said. “I asked him if he would have the pilots trained to tty them. Geneial Arnold assuied me he would. So, one of the planes will be for that boy of yours, Congressman.” Discussing wartime transportation problems, Johnson revealed that he had driven to Washington from Illinois in his automobile. “That jvas before the pleasure driving ban, Mr. President,” grinned Johnson, “but I feel a little guilty anjhow, using up all that gasoline.” The President cocked his cigarette holder at a Jauntj angle, winked impishly at Johnson. “That’s Congress for you,” he said. “Pleasure dri> - ingl” Note: The effect of the President’s Congiessional leception was felt the next day wdicn Repi esentative O’Konski, Wisconsin Republican, made a vigoious speech championing Roosevelt’s 1^25,000 salary limitation and opposing conservative Democrats who tiled to overthiow it. ® Worth Controversy Settled Weldon Worth, the .Yrmy’.s Wright Field inventor, has now made it absolutely clear that he is glad to iiave Ills iineiition lor warming up airplane engines used oil all leiid-lease equipmenl, regardle.ss of rojally. The question of royally, if any, lie will leave up U) future settlement by the courts. . . . 'I'he Army pays (ribute to the xalue of Mr. Worth’s patents. . . . Cifl. Bob Johnson, of Joiui.son and Johnson bandage fame, now bead ol the Small War Plants Division, has his eye on the New Jersey governorship on the GOP ticket. . . . U hife House political advi.sers have asked New Y ork’s YYjuiig Democratic leader Harold Moskovit to report on political undercurrents around the count rj. (Copyright, 1943, by United Featuie Syndicate, Inc.)
10. Helpfulness is the basis of happiness. 11. Know-ledge is the basis of helping the world. 12. Persistence is the basis of achievement. Military Creed Specifically wiitten Cor militaiy men the Generalissimo’s ton rules for soldiers road as follows: 1. To practice the San Min Chu I (Dr. Sun Y''at-sen’s Three Principles of the People) and to defend our countiy there should be no opposition or negligence. 2. To support the National Government and obey the authorities there should be no falsehoods or disobedience. 3. To respect and love our comrades and piotect the people there .should be no hautincss or rudeness. 4. To be faithful to our duty and to follow orders sti ictly there should be no procrastination or cowardicc. 5. To be strict in di.sciplinc and bravo and determined there should be no laxity or dereliction. (i. To have a comradely spirit and cooperate with others there should be no disordorlincss or evasiveness. 7. To be I esponsihlc, to have a sense of shame and lo extol military ethics there should be no ahusiveness or covctousne.xs. 8. 'fo enduio hai-ilships and he fiughl and plain there should be no extravagance or dishonesty. 9. To jiay attention to manners and keej) oneself tidy there should be no voluptuousness or sensualism. 10. To have sincerity, faith and righteousness there .should be uo meanness or deception. Oflicci- Training Militaiy education in regiilar militaiy institutions is of two kinds: The training of cadets to become olficcis and the training of oflicei s loi <;pec-:al duty Picfoie the war the foimer was the exclusive function of the Central Militaiy -Ycadeniy and its blanches while the latter w-as done through the Infantiy School, Artillery School, Engineciing School, Transport and Support and Supply School and Comniimication Technical School. When the w-ar broke out the demand for trained officers increased beyond the capacity of the cxisting schools. Obviously a readjustment of the v'ai loiis institution's and fiuthei expansion of ihoir scope w'as necessary. It was then decided that the Contial Militaiy Academy and its blanche^ besides tiaimng cadets should also train ofTiceis for special duty while the vaiious .spe-
LyUA
TODAY - TOMORROW
BARRYMORE
Carrier Corporation, Syracuse, Great Lakes shipping lanes in 15 New York—March 18 and 19. In- years. The iron ore route from the tei-ested in April and August ME, upper reaches of Lake Superior to EE. the busy steel mills farther south Eastman Kodak Company, Ro- jg yjtal concern in keeping induschester, N. Y.—March 18 and 19. ^^y supplied with the basic raw maInterested in April and August ME terial. Officials have stated that ice
cialized schools should principally train commissioned officers and train cadets only when necessary. Cadets for the Central Military Academy and its branches are enrolled from junior or senior middle school graduates. Agents were sent to all areas and even behind Japanese lines to recruit young men in “occupied” areas. These men were then sent to cadet corps maintained in different war areas for primary training. Afterwards they will be admitted to branches of the Central Military Academy for further training. Several tens of thousands of young officers arc turned out by the Central Military Academy and its branches each year to fill and augment the officers corps. Experience gained in actual comiiat has influenced the training in Chinese military schools. Specialization is emphasized in the Central Military Academy and its branches as well as the various specialized schools. Closer relationships between classroom and battlefield are sought by basing education on actual fighting requirements. Numerous changes have thus been made in teaching materials, methods, and procedure. Anti-Gas Training The Central Military Academy has a special anti-gas training department teaching- its cadets as well as officers in active service the intricacies of gas warfare, fn the war since 1937, the Japanese have launched about 1,000 gas attacks. This more than justifies the conducting of the special class in the Academy, as it gives Chinese officers a better idea of gas warfare and preventive measures. The i-eorganization and training of the armed forces themselves is an even more stupendous task. Because of the huge size of the Chinese Army the w-ork has to be cairiod out in several stages each lasting fiom five to six months. At the beginning of each stage units to be reorganized and trained aie brought up to the standard stre-ngth in men and cquiinuent. The Board of Militai-y Trainingmaintains a number of circuit classc.s to bring refresher education to the different units. Guen-illa Schools An outstanding feature in the Chinese Military educational system is the two guerrilla training classes, one in the Northwest and another in the Southwest. Although guerrillas have proven their usefulness in harassing the invaders’ rear, experiences have shown that the best guerrilla are legular (Sce CHINA, page 4)
and EE. Bell Aircraft Corporation, Buf-
jams at strategic points in the ore route are so heavy that only a
falo. New York—March 22 and 23. -tveek’s continued warm rain can Interested in April and August soften up the ice enough to enable
AeroE, ME, EE.
the big ships to batter their way
Flettwings, Inc., Bristol, Penn- through. The elements are forces sylvania—-March 24. Interested in which both sides in this war must
April and August ME, AeroE.
These companies do not plan to visit the campus; howcvci-, they are interested in students for employ-
ment:
Ray - O - Vac Company, Madison, Director of Information Joe
battle—there arc other things we must tight besides human beings in order to bring victory closer lo thq United Nations.
XXX
According- to Swedish sources.
Wisconsin—Interested in ChE, ME, Gocbbels has virtually admitted
EE. Sign in Personnel Office by Sat-
urday, March ^0.
Cities Service Oil Co., Bartles-
that Ilei-r Schicklegruber has given up supreme command of the German army and left the eastern
ville, Oklahoma—Interested in EE, fiont. The reason for this belief is Science (Geologists, physicists, or that Joe G. (to distinguish this mathematicians). Sign in Person- eminent indi\idiial from Joe Stalin) net Office by Saturday, March 20. jnirposcly ^vaded making a specific Holley Carburetor Company, De- statemenLin regard to this subject, troit, Michigan—Interested in ME. xhe pi ess conference at which all Sign in Personnel Office by Satur- of this was bi ought out was in anday, March 20. swer to the many rumors now cirGulf Oil Corporation, Tulsa, culating- that “the moust^he” is Oklahoma — Interested in ChE, dead, insane or just in a run-down Chemists. Sign in Pci-sonncl Office condition. Some people arc saying
by Saturday, March 20.
Pcisonnel department of the mechanical engineering- school iinder the dneetoiship of Piofessor Boh/, will place all Mechanical, Aero
that if nothing is wrong with him, the Nazi.s would do well to ignore the stones entirely and not appear so eager to stymie such reports.
Will cl 11 XTXV.C1JCIU iiwCiiy
nautical engineering students who Placement Scivicc for Women, 2955,
apply for jiart-timc jobs while on
the campus. Those desiring posi- Representatives from the Intcrtions us lahoi-atoiv insliiictois or national Business Machine Cornassistants, or diaftmg woik should Thursday to infill out an application in Prof. Bolz’ R’l'view women students for the poofficc. Theie aie many pait time Consumer Engineer. No
lirevious engineering training- is rc(liiircd. All interested call place-
johs on the campus at ineseiil. Department heads that would
like student help should notify Pi of. ‘’t'lvid'c office for interview by Hnl-/. Inl IHn: 1,-nnw wlvH ml s tOlllOHOW 110011. ThclC Will bc a
Bolz and let him know what lol s are open and the lequircmcnt
meeting of all women students inturosted tomorrew' night.
Placement Notes For Women
A 1 epresentativo of the Union Carbide and Carbon of New Yoik City will visit the campus on Tuesday, March 16, to inleivicw women intcicstcd in technical w'liting, chemistiy oi metallurgical backgiound pi cfi 1 i-en, a.s well as niechanicr.l cngineciing. Any one mtciesLed should call Placement Seivice for Women, 2955, at once lo schedule an appointment. Camp Alice Ciicstei, Milwauk'-e Gill Scouts, ha.s summei openings, June 23 through August. Positions are those for unit leader, assistant unit loader, waterfront staff, and dietitian. Any students oi staff members interested should call
NOW SHOWING FIRST RUN HIT
The "Back Homc"Boys Turn Big City jinx Busircs! LUM & ABNER
MAilf
TWO WEEKS TO LIVE — ADDED — Boomtown D. C.
TODAY and TOMORROW
UlFdUSItt
— NOW PLAYING — ^ The^Most Star-iffic'^^ Hit You've Ever Seenlf
Paramount preseriff^ 0
7 SONGS!
5 BIG NUMBERS!' 43 TOP STARS!
I starring BING CROSBY A BOB HOPE ★ FRED MaeMURRAY ★ FRANCHOT
^ TONE ★ RAY MlUAND
^
1
IV/I-^C 'K l\MI lYllLLANU \ VICTOR MOORE. DOROTHY LAMOUR.“5 PAULETTE GODDARDi VERA ZORINAS MARY, MARTIN ★ DICK POWELL ★ BETTY HUTTON ★ EDDIE BRACKEN ★ VERONICA LAKE -k ALAN LADD
^ ROCHESTER ^
V
V (
y f
y IPi'khsdtiy, Jarett 16, 1^43
BoiMrmdker Sparts
r rititirn^iiiiTilwiiW
Tech Meet Provides Forecast For Purdue Relays
By Russ Lipes Notre Dame, amassing a total of G1 11/28 points, lan away from the field of univeisities to win the 16th annual Illinois Tech lelays last Satuiday night in the Univeisity of Chicago fieldhouse Thice recoids were broken and two more were tied as the various midwestein teams laced thiough a 27 event piogiaih, the laigest indoox games of this season. Although the Puidue Relays aie still two weeks off, the majoiity of the universities and colleges paiticipating in the Tech lelays have indicated then intentions to enter the meet here In view of the showings made last Satuiclay, it is not haid to pi edict that the Puidue Relays are going to provide some of the best competition available in the countiy An inquiry has lecently been le-
ceived fidin Fordham Univeisity conceiilmg entiance into the meet The piesent Foidham squad holds the IC-4A two mile lolay championship as well as the AAU one mile lelay championship, and then entiance into the lelays will piovide top-notch competition foi all entrants Michigan Nounal, with 39 points, took the college division championship aftei a close fight with Miami Univeisity of Oxfoid, Ohio, which finished second with 32 points Illinois finished behind Notie Dame in the univeisity standings with 37 9/14 points Michigan, with four of its outstanding stais competing in the Knights of Columbus meet 111 New Yoik City, was thud with 28 1/4 points It was the fiist time in the his toiy of the Tech lelays that Notre
Dame has won the umvei sity Clown, but Michigan Noimal has won the college section foiii times in the last five ycais Eddlemaii Stars Dwight Eddleman, stai Illinois fieshman, bioke the Univeisity high jump lecoid with a jump of 6 feet, 6 1/4 inches He wiped out the foimei maik of 6 feet, 4 inches held by Ed Buike of Maiquette Eddleman’s peifoimance was partieulaily outstanding m that it was his first vaisity appeal ance, as well as piobably his last as a mcmbei of a collegiate team He lepoits Friday to Foit Sheiidan foi duty with the aimy Michigan State’s spimt medley team tied the lecoid, with a time of 3 31 G The lecoid was established by Michigan State m 1942 Two Mile Teams Set Recoids
The University two mile lelay team of Notie Dame established a new meet lecoid of 7 46 7, bicakmg the old time of 7 52 4 set by Maiquette 111 1940 In the college section the Miami two mile relay team also established a new record with a time of 8 04 8 The foimei lecoid of 8 06 3 was established by Michigan Normal m 1940 Dillaid, of Baldwm-Wallace, tied the meet lecoid of 08 8 m the college 70 yard high hurdles This mark was set by Allen Tolmich of Wayne m 1937 and equalled by Charles Hlad of Michigan Normal m 1940 Dillard also equalled the record m the preliminaries Satuiday afternoon Jim Fiewegei of Lawrence College won individual honors m the meet Although beaten m both of the college hurdle events, m which
he was defending champion, Fieweger placed second m each, added a second in the shot put, and won the college high jump at 6 feet, 2 inches Altogether he accumulated a total of 17 points Fiewegei’s conqudioi m the hurdle events, Dillard, was the only performer to gam two individual championships High point man m the university division was Maurice Alexander of the University of Missouri He won the 70 yard high hurdles and finished second m the low hurdles Riveters Place Boilermaker entries placed third m the university two mile relay and fifth m the mile relay George Archer was fourth in the 440 yard dash and Walter Blum and Dick Kilpatrick, Riveter fieshman enti les, tied for fifth place m the high
jump at G feet Yesterday, Kilpatrick received his diaft notice and left school immediately His loss will be felt by the local squad as Coach Phillips had counted on him to strengthen the varsity team with Ins achievements Next Satuiday the Chicago Daily News meet will be held m the Chicago Stadium This is strictly an invitational meet Chuck Dueslei, star distance runner of the Riveter team and captain of the crosscountry squad, the mile relay team and also Walter Blum, freshman high jumpei, have received invitations to participate TABLE OP POINTS University Division Notre Dame 61 Illinois V 38 Michigan 28 Michigan State v 28
Missouri Drake Purdue Noith western Chicago Wisconsin Indiana College Division Michigan Normal Miami Western Michigan DeKalk Teachers Lawrence Baldwin-Wall North Central Cornell Loyola Carleton Bradley Augustant Albion Wilson Macomb Teachers
21 14 10 6 5 4 4 39 32 23 22 17 14 12 10 10 8 8 8 .6 5 3
Wall Sealing Championship At Stake
Indians Start Training Today
Intramural Department Plans Big Glove Touney; Coach Beers Enters McMillen Brothers In NCAA Boxing Tounament By Jim Wendell .
While sitting m the Exponent sports office yesterday afternoon, trying to think of something to write for this paper, who should diop m but ha^py go lucky Coach Jimmy Beers, of boxing fame Upon telling of my woes to Jim, he gave me a choice bit ot information which I thought might be put m print Then again I wondered if all of the PE 12 dodgers could stand to hear anything about one of then great loves which they take part m
during the semcstei
Seeing that most of the men who take PE 12 have boxing four weeks in the semester and that there must be a lot of hidden talent which even these boys didn’t know they had, Beers confidently told me then that the mtiamuial department was planning a boxing touinament for ahy fellow that feels he can take a
little punishment
This tettlnament will get under way 111 a few weeks a^ the finals
will bo Api il i and the semi finals piobably March ol The different winners m then respective classes will receive medal-, to piove then might According to Jim, if the fcl lows stait getting m condition now they V ill have a lot ol fun m this
contest
When Tim bi ought up this idea of a boxing toulne^, it again reminded us oi the effort that he has made to tiy to piomotc boxing on the campus as a maioi sport Some of the Big Ten schools have boxing wink otlieis do not Accoidmg to Jmi it leally helps a iellow to have expelienee m this line Foi example, just look at Barney Ross,
who killed 22 Japs
Next week Coech Bceis is taking Jim and Don McMillen to the NCAA boxijig touinament at Madison Wisconsin, whore some of the best college Iioaois m the eoimtiy will compete lor the dittcient
ci owns
Three Cary Hall Units Lead Bowling League As Sport Program Hears End With but five weeks lemaining for Cary Halls tq/mish their sports program for the semestei, thiee umtb stand at the top with only one game dividing them for first place hdnors in the bowling league Thus far this semester, the Halls hate completed two basketball series and a ping pong playoflC, while bowling has just one night to go before the finis is written off. South D leads the bowling teams with 18 wins against nine losses, while Northwest Hall and South B are tied lor second, one game behind D with 17 wins and 10 losses. Terry House
NOTBCE
We pay 1c each for all hangers in good usuabic condition if brought to our office. WEST S8DE CLEANERS
r
5.
* A C.
10
I Riveter Froili Meet Culver Swimmers For] the first time this year the fiosh swimmers, under the tutcLige ot Couch Dick Pcipenguth, vill have a swimming meet of then own, when they stack up against the stiong Culver team this coming Satuiday attcinoon m the Fieldhouse pool at 5 p m The Culvei team which the Rhmies will oppose is one of the strongest piep teams m the conn tiy Just last Satiudav they defeat ed Feimul, 47 to 17 Fennul is the team which won the Chicago City Catholic Clown not long ago On Coach Papenguth’s liosh team aio sevcial outstanding yeaiImgb such as Phil Hansel biothoi ot Vein, who swims the 220 Then thcie IS Flank Knotts and Don Leach who swim the fice style and splints In the back stroke and lice ^tjk, Dick has Glen Womblc, while (,lcn LaBaw takes pait m the sprints and Leo Rayl swims the bieast stioke Only one majoi episode icmams foi the vaisity team this spimg m intcicollegiate swimming That is the NCA.A mccl at Columbus Ohio in the OIiio State iiool, Mai eh 2b and 27 Rov Ileidke and Johnny Jeungst will piobably make the tup to Columbus to tal c pait m the meet Some oi the Riveter’s othei vaisity men may go dong too il they desii e
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUIHLRA RISK DR HAROLD j RISK — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schultz Bldg 4fh '•nd Mam Sts Phone 5701
follows with 14 wins and 13 losses; tvhile South A and South C bung up the rear with eight and 19, and seven and
20, respectively.
Iiv Schnetzler of Northwest leads the pack of bowlers with the high mdiMdual standings, compiled up to last week, with tne high individual game and with the high three game series Schnetzler’s av ciage was 179, while his high game was 278, having missed a perfect game m the last frame when he could only get a spare His individ-
ual senes score was 625 South Dp, , , n i , , , , , , , of Ins midst will be born a new holds the high team three game se- , -d i c ® , worlds champion Right now
PE 12 Student May Win World Championship
By Bill Hopkins
Ihc day of reckoning of the lowly PE 12 ei IS at hand No longer will he be the object of cuit and Jibing lemaiks Soon he will vie with vaisity athletes foi plaudits of a cheeimg ciowd, foi fiom out
lies with 2515 pins, while Terry House has the high team game
scoie of 884 pms
In the “B” basketball round robin in the halls. South B won with 10 wins against no losses The semestei bcfoie, this same team won the “B” Clown with the like scoie, so this compiled a lecoid ot 20 straight Mctoiies The winning team was
among the blow beaten ranks there IS one who is destmecl to be crowned World’s Wall Scaling Champion To deteimme just who will be the lucky, not to mention talented, lad to weal this gailand, a senes of elimination contests will be held dm mg the regularly scheduled PE 12 classes From out of these trials the better six wall scaleis will be
composed of Don Rasmussen Don Nielsen, Mam ice Gohmann, Wendell final event which will be held m conjunction with and as a pait of the Puidue Relays m the Field-
house on Maich 27
III Conjunction With Relays Ihib event, the biam chilu of varsity coach Heimon Phillips, spon-
Fije, John Samnlowitz, Ralph Mil-
ler and Ed Schmitt
The “A’ basketball tourney was run dificient as the teams which fiiiishid in thg fust lour pi ices att ei live games tot together ioi a jilavofl to dctei nime the winner oi
the cio\vn In this South A emerged Relays, will be held as a \ietoiious oxer Northwest m the featured novelty on the piogiam
ISS©W under-arm •? Cr@om Paodorant safely Stops l^erspiroHon
1. Does not tot dresses or men s shirts Docs not irritite skin 2. No waiting to dry Can be used right after sli n ing 3. Instantly stops perspiration for ito3diys Presents odor A pure sshire preisclcss stainless \ inislnn„ ei'eam Ass aided Appros il heal of Anicrie nl lotitutr f f I aundcr mg loi Iscnig li iimlcss to fabric
i jar lOfl and 59^ jara
COCA COLA BOTTLING CO.
Bth and Salem Sts.
Lafayette, Ind.
ARBISI
final by wini mg 17 to 16 T-hc semitmaK saw Northwest defeating South D and South A beating South B the wiimeis’ team was made up ol Bob Huiison Dick Reed Rich 11 1 Hopkins Lou Ilolteinan and Ted Moiel mil ks South B iiid Noithwest tmeiged it the elul ot the pn pong diet, with i tu thei e was a plar oil mil South B eilne out on top 11ns s line tt im ilso won the crown last sciiKstei it benm eomiioscd ot AViIliam IIsuio Dicl Schaal George Llaik aid Dick Giibsby last night vollevbill staited by haling pr letiee g imes lot all ol the units Bcloie the semester is orei theie will lie ‘wi nmiiig and 1 ;fk but w hen the se tw o spot ts w ill stilt Ills not been dotcimined by Cusr 11 ill poll man mei Bill Maslinc
Ihe winner of this event will be Clowned by the Relay Queen the same as the winners of the stand aid events In addition to this Phil lips intends to place his name m spoitmg annals as the official (and pjobablv onh ) wall scaling eham pioii ot the woild A squad ot caipenteis have been busy foi days m the Fieldhouse cicetmg a wall” for the above con test ihe wall is a wooden aftaii, being 8 ieet and 7 mehes high and about eight feet wide It is so con stiLieted thrt it is possible to exact Iv double its height giving the con testant a meie 17 feet and two inches to seiamble ovei As yet Phillips has issued no offici il rules as to )ust how the sealing is to be done so it is supposed that eomimon sense and natural instinct will be the lulmg taetois
► Glenn Cunningham Here The 27th One of the greatest mileis of all time, Glenn Cunningham, will in all probability make his appearance here at the Puidue Relays on the 27th. No, he won’t be m track clothes, of course, but this time he will come as coach of the Cornell College of Iowa track team Cunningham once ran the mile m 4 04 but was not given the world’s record because of some ruling as to the condition of the track He has long been called, the world’s fastest human Even now m his early thirties, Glenn couldprobably give Divon, Dobbs, Mitchell and the rest a good run for then money. ► Fordham, Loyola Enter Meet Heim Phillips received word from Foidham Lmveisity yesterday asking if they could send a team to the Relays While up at the Illinois Tech Relays Satuiday, “Phil” also got a definite 0 K from the coach of the host team m answer to the official invitation extended them last week. Loy ola of Chicago w as another newcomer to the ever increasing list of schools which will be represented here just one w^eek from Saturday. ► Tickets On Sale Tomorrow Advance ticket sales will begin tomorrow morning Any member of the track team will have tickets, as will any Gold Pepper, Reamer or Gimlet Remember, only 50e tor general admission for students. A limited number of box seat tickets will go on sale at ?1 65 per ► Preview For Purdue Relays Ihat Illinois Tech meet last Satuiday night served as a piexiew for the Relays here Virtually every athlete who competed up there plus a few more will go all out to make these first Puidue Relays a success Notre Dame won easily Satuiday, but for the Relays here Michigan will be at full strength, so don’t be suiprised to see a real dog fight between these two schools for top honors Then on the other hand, you can’t count Illmoib out yet ► Three Who Can Break Record The Wolverines’ great Medley'^ Relay team including Bob Ufer, world’s record holder m the 440, did not compete in the Illinois Tech Relays, but will definitely be here the 27th These four men will have a strong bearing on the outcome of the Relays Incidentally, m the Medley Relay event here, there v\ill be three teams entered, each of which is capable ol breaking the woild’s record—Michigan, Notre Dame and Illinois Big Ten Sports Shorts
Michigan
Intramural Schedules
B VDMINION ! he Jollowmg liateinitics will ))1 ly the lust luilf ol the fiist lound oi the Brdmmton doublco luesdav, Mmch 16 at 7 00 Ihe last halt oi til lust round ot the single clim matum hiickit will lie pi lyed riiuisday evening at 7 00 Puesdar 7 00 — Pi Kippa Plu V Delti lau Delta Pi Kappa Alpha vs Alpha Gamma Rho, Alpha Sigma Phi vs Alpha kappa Lambda Kappa Delta Rho vs Theta 'lau, kfiilir (hi Rho vs kappa bignra, iheta Xi vs bigma
Alphi Fpsilon, Sipma Plu Epsilon vs Acaci 1, Plu Iv ipiia Pbi \ s Iheta Chi 'iheso matches will continue each ru.,sd IV and '1 liui tlay until hii ishcd In case \oui best man can not icpoit it tne time designated send \oiu next best men Bad mmton hat will he supplied In the Intianuual Uepairment but playeis will he obliged to ‘chip m” on the cost ot huttelcocks used m tacir ni itch Copies ot the Badminton Ri ks uc posted on the Inti iiinu il (bee IM SCHEDULES, page 1)
Michigan’s So'j points m the re cent Big fen indoor track meet topped all other terms scoring per toimances m the So rear histoix of the meet Sixteen ot the 20 Wolvcime entries m tint meet placed five ot them winning firsts 'Icn ol them suipassed then best pievious all time peitoimuices and 12 bettered then best previous ef torts tor the cuiient season le id mg Coach Ixen Do'reity to declaie it was the bc''t gioup peiloimance 111 Michigan tiack luston The Wolveiincs have now won the eon teiencc iiidooi championship tight times in the ]i ist 10 --c iscns Purdue l)ill\ Mooic ioiiuei logaiispoit hi„l' school --tu now a fieshman VL Di ikc Unneisitr is expected to be one ot the leading contcndeis loi pole vault hoiicns in the Puidue Rclavs hcic on Maith 27 Mooic finishcil sccoml to Cointluis Maim tul im with a leap ot 11 feet at the N itioinl VAU meet at M uhsoii biiuaic Ciukn New loik C itv Hudwood Hash Out ot 10 home b, sktiball g nuts duiiiig the season just closed nic Rivcteis jiciccnt age on iitld goil ttempts tanged tiom i low ol 12 pel tent m the second Qluo State game to a high ol 0 tH 1 tint m llu vutoiious liuak a„amst Indiana
Iowa Tom Faimei Univeisity of Iowa quaiteiback and second baseman, placed second m the Big Ten athletic duectois’ poll to select the league’s finest all-around athlete lire title was taken bv Otto Giaham, Noithwestein football, basketball and baseball stai, while the thud place man was Bob Shaw of Ohio State Faimei, who also was second m last fall’s balloting to select the conference's most valuable football plavei, was one of the finest forward passers m the midwest, huilmg lor 9 of Iowa’s 20 touchdowns and a total of 812 vaid'' His a smooth fielder in baseball and a 300 hitter who now is piepaimg foi his thud year on the Hawkeye nine Faitner will receive his degiee m Apnl and then expects to be c riled into active seivice with the maiine coips None ot the batteiymen who participated in the shaimg ot the Big Ion title lemains ioi the 1943 Univeisity ot Iowa baseball team, that’s one itason tor cautiotr in legauling the coming season too optimisticallv, despite the presence ot SIX major letter men Only pitchcis with intercollegiate experience lie Roy Stille at Schallei, a senior, who w IS Cl edited with two wins ovti non conteience foes, and Jack Ivennev ot Cedar Rapids, winner of one game Stille pitched 19 f/S mnmgs and Kintiev w is m action only 6 2^3.'y:®-
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, March 16, 1943^
€g Has Cub ,
Speech Contest
llstructors Note Springtime Influence
Coeds Dreamy, Men Happy; PE 12ers Lose Winter Zip
y B> Ed Stephenson
“When birds stait twitteiing, eds and coeds get a dieamy l<k>k around the eyes, studies take on even a gieatei slump t^nusual, ciickets begin to click, bees begin to buzz and readeffi start to report the fiist lobin, spiing has come Scientifically, the \ein^l solstice begins on Maich 21, next Sunday, but sfudents and mstructois ha\e already seen the fatal signs of the balmy season ahead — j Numei’ous instructors were J J^J SchSCllllSS
called on the phone and asked
„ , . ,1 (Continued iiom page 3)
for any indication in their youi team must be effisses 01 themseK es Pi of R piepaid to play opponent on time
B. Abbett, physics instiuctoi, 01 opponent shall declaie foifeit said that he had noticed a few feeble
giimmeiings besides the sunshine and showeis He said “The stu dfents seem to be moie biight and cheeiful Thee ait happiei and their faces aien’t as long as thee hjjve been this eeintei Fven I hive been affected hen me eeift got up this moining she asked if I hadn’t heaid the buds singing I listened, and I did I think ee e all
ffefel bettei ’
Coeds Shoo Signs Too Since the coeds too ait li ible to show signs of spiing Miss Mane A Linck Home Economics instiuc tor, eeas consulted Hei opinion evas, “The giils haeent acted veiv (fiffeient at all except that thee aae a little moie dicame than usual Thee- don t seem to change much with the seasons ’ A.nothei Home Et teachei Miss Evelen Kiause, b|Oie out this statement be failiiv tp note Visible change " As soon as balme weathci ap peais, the outside an seems to ap ]3eal jeo the aveiage student fai
C Vin HALL VOLLEYBALL Wednesday, Maich 17 Couit 1—7 00 Unit 2 vs Unit 4 Unit 3 vs Unit 7 Unit 5 vs Unit 0
SIGMV DELIA. I’SI Wednesday, 4 00 p m
Ihe following tests evill be given Wednesday evening, Maich 17, at 4 00 Fence Vault Rope Climb Waicl sevimming will be held on Maich 19 at 7 15 Please have yoiii men get in tiaimng foi this event Following lb the oidei of events 7 15 50 y aid Bieast Stioke 7 25 50 Yaid Back StJol e 7 j5 50 y aid Fiee Stvlo 7 45 100 Yaid Fiee Stjle
S 00 Fanev Diving
Fust and second medals will be given loi this event Medals aie now on display in the tiophv case 111 the Intiamuial Office loom 111 Fieldhouse Anv Waid not itceiv ing entiy blank and wishing to
within the classiooms An aident suppoitei of this theoij is A E S-oenig, English instiuctoi who skid, “The laige numbei of absences in the lecent sunshine daes seems to show the appioach of spiing ’ Koenig said that it he had been con suited btfoie diniiei he might have said something bi illiant hut that he was concentiating on digestion not wittv savings, when called
Windows Lp
Pi of S P Chambeis Applied Mechanits Depaitment said, “To day in mv classiooms the w iiidows weie all up instead of down, as they have been all wintei That in itself IS a eeiv eonciete sign of spring All the students seem moie cheerful happy i eady to laugh ”
do
Office
by calling
2875
China
many students lecentlv They all agreed that then attitude tow aid then instiuctois the Uiiiveisity and themselves made up about 85 pei tent of then clegict of success in the Univeisity and in latei life too
tensive tiaining m bailacks the summei of then ^laduition Offi ceis and non commissioi cd officcis in the militia aie given itlieshci tiaining Ihe Boaid of Militaiy Fd ucation has been editing and com piling books magazines and chaits
nient Last wintei, when the weather was cold and uncomfoi table, thev might have debated the point ”
Bojs Are Lazj
Seeking an athletic viewpoint, Claude Reetk wiestling coach and PE 12 instiuctoi, was tailed His
opinion was, “The boys aie getting on militaiy subiects a little lazv They’ic logy and slow Vimv Has Expanded
I have to piocl them to get action All of the ‘zippei’ they had last week IS gone Majbe the Fieldhouse IS waim now so they don’t need to cxeicise to keep feeling
comloi table ’
Indications not noted bj the instiuctois include the famous fiist robin that numcious ambitious eds and coeds have icpoited The Ex
111 east of the season
Sjirig Haz Cub
Outside of the above sjj^ns “Od ley wud suit oh sjuig has heed deg
legted Aaachew w w ’ Students Miss
Famed
Rendezvous
Party
bi( 11
Maiij „loom\ lacis hi\(
seen aioLind the Lniveisitv sinci the closing ol the Sviamou list Satuidai iii„ht but still noon i able to hguic out tin h ison u tin closing of this favoi((| student
haunt
'Iheimmoiv of tin Svciinoie wil) have to lemaiii onl\ m thi n inds ol the students until ii is Kopen d on June 1 It is haid to si i thi Sveamoie a-- a pis ni^ i nu/ n ^ iol the nianv fai ev\ c 11 p u tu When It is leopencd it seen s vci\ likdv that theie will bi icw students aumnd to cnjo\ its i^d (oniloil
“I don’t ob]eci to youi mothei pay ing us a little y isit, but what bums me up is heaximt hei biag about how much she subleased hei apaitment foi ”
11101 e than the stuffiet atmospheie entei in the svvimming event may
the Intiamuial
(Continued liom page 2) tioops with special . tiaining in gueiiillt waifaie Th-^se men can coopciate liettei with othei legu lais can fight with bettei discipline and can affoid the people bettei protection Ihe tiaining is so use fill that since the outbioal of the Pacific Wai last Decembei a num bci of Vllied offieeis have been le ceiving tiaining in these two classes National militaiy tiaining the foundation of the nation s standing
“I have talked pcisonally with aimv is enfoiced in China in throe
State 4"H Clobs Call For Increased Membersliip
Bv Phd Winslow
Indiaiui WcUils 75 000 i H Club membcis ioi 1943, an mcieasc ol 50 pei coni ovt' the tmofiment ot 1942 Indiana has 315,000 mial vouths between 10 and 20 vtats ol age, ol whom only 10 2 pei cent aie emolled m the I II Club Filtv pei cent
IS a steep incieasc
Why dees Incuana i ml so man\ club membei',The ansvvei IS simple Indn n i v ouths —— aie anxious to do then utmosL iooJs roi instmec lastvcu ovei 101 the wai efloit Food is as mcmbeis la.scd throe , , , ,, it j. million bushels ol gaiilen vege essential to the wai eftoit as ^ aie tanks, guns, ammunition tallies il million ]iouncls of sov and othei implements ot wai lie ms oo ooo hogs and othci un4 n niembois help bv producing counted tons oi ciops and animals and eonse vin„ luge ciumtties oi Silvage Du(v iood supiilv M^mbcis did not eoi fine thou State 4 il dub offices loc itcd in ictivities to woiking ioi them
stages A boaid ])iovules foi the elementalV tiaining bv tuin ol all able bodied male citi/ens in then native towns and villages who aic latei given legulai and leiieshci education The tiaining ot lescive
selves—thev helped silvage m mv 1 lie iiticles Ihey collected ( roam ovei the nition) 116 million pounds ot SCI ip metal Z> million
bit by guidnro The clubs ot the pounds ol ubbei and 21 million slate ihe e olne s aie shiiod by iioimds ot p ipeis i igs and bin lap
the leu oi the Expel ime it il St i tion Annex on the second liooi tic lull ol men md women dniiro then
They thought that success was 85 offieeis tales place in senioi middle pci eent attitude and 15 pci cent schools and colleges All male stu biains I believe that it was spiing dents aio roquiied to talc militia that caused this 100 pei cent agiee- dull on then own camp ises and in
scveial hroh i ml iiro sL itc leuleis
At the to 1 ol these leaik i s is II lu \
1 A 11 4 1 s 4- 4 I IT / 1 I iionds md timps ] Ainswoilh the St ite IH ( lub ‘
I hcv put then money into good use ilso bv biivint six million wai
Ic idei Di / AI Si nth 1 tu Asso ciate I idol I he c hCi uc con
bivcn million I u iilv me ils vveie picp 11 e I I V 1 H gills 1 ist je 11 The
tiiiu illy bu zii withictutv One ' nys s ived v it il mateii il bv lepaii
nevci cnieis th (looi without no tieing the st lee ito ol i tvpevviitei Manv \dv ant lies Theie me inniinuiiblo ulv mt igcs loi membcis ol ihe club—the
ing -70 ll Ol sand jiieccs ot iai m michinciv wlile the f,iils icmidc Ol up me I 000 thousmd j uments
Xcw Blanch Ol c Iiib
ll il m i 1 II clulis lie initiating
Monday, March 22 Entiles for the Alpha Zeta speech contest aie clue at 4 p m Monday, Maich 22 The contest is an annual affaii sponsoied by Alpha Zeta, Agiicultiual honoiaiy fiateinity This yeai is the fiist time that the contest has been open to students fiom all schools in the Univeisity Applications listing the enti ant’s name and subject may be turned in at the Speech office in Umveisity Hall, at the Agriculturist office in the Union, oi to Russ Haidin, chaiiman of the contest, at 607 Univei sity stieet Preliminailes Maich 23 Pieliminaiies foi the contest will be held in the assembly loom of the Hoiticiiltuial Building at 4 30 p m Tuesday, Maich 24 Finals will be held one week latei in the same place at 7 30 p m Subjects foi the speech may be chosen fiom any field that pel tains to some euiient phase of agiicul tuic and speeches aie to be seven minutes in length Some topics sug gested aie Oppoitunities in agii cultiiie Agiicultuie’s pait in the vvai cffoit. Should We Keep the Boy on the Faim’ Chemistiy as an aid to agiicultuie and Why study agiicultuie’ Medals, Cup To Be Awarded Ihiee judges will be selected foi the contest One will be chosen iioni the School of Agiicultuie one fiom the Speech Depaitment and one who is not connected with the Univoisity Medals will be avvaided to the winneis of the fiist thiee places and a cup will bo piesented to the oiganization sponsoiing the vvinnei These oiganizations will consist of fiateinities eo o\) houses lesidence halls oi soioii
ties
Entomologists To Hold Conference In Union For Bug Discussions Entomologists iiom the Noith Cential states will hold a conici ence on the cimpus Much 25 and 26 meeting in the Union Plans ioi the piogiam include throe discussions devoted to wai problems while a halt day has been set aside foi othei problems this veai m oiipoitunity is pro sented to otudy and develop the manv entomologic problems as ncvei beloie accoiding to Prof J J Davis chief in LntomolOt,y t the Univeisitj because in no sm ill measuie insects may play a majoi lolc in oui wai successes Protection ot crops and animals IS to a majoi extent dependent upon insect contiol Processed Iood Protection Protection ot processed food jiioducts ig mist insect destiuelion IS similaily a majoi problem And above all the protection of oiii limed foices and woikcis concen ti ited 111 defense plant aieas against insects which aie caiiieis ol human diseases is i pioblcm of „ieatest impoit incc
Notices
All Women Students Ihe St Louis Girl
Scout Council IS m need of to work in Ihcir camp this summei Jobs available are unit leader assistant unit leader and water front director Any one interested should telephone or come in to the Placement Serv-
ice foi Women (2956) immediately
—I ELDT
Camera Club Spiinjr exhibit will be held Mareh 2"' to Apul i Entries must bc» turned m at the West Desk of the Union not later than Monday Maich 22 Mount ing boards dry mounting tissue and rbles are availabel at the West Desk —STOCKMAN Cliem 3 and 4 Students Used copies in pood condition as repurds lesiilt sheets of ( hemic i! Lquilibrium and Qualitative Analysis 2nd I dition are urpcntly needed ioi the War Iraininp Propram
—PEAllGE
Dolphin Club Rcpular Tnectinp Tuesday March 10 it 7 U) p m in room 104 of the I leldhoube Impoilant plans will be dis cussed -SMITH Alpha Phi Omepa The outdoor mectinp has It n eh II ped to Wednesday March 1 We vill meet at the East entrance of the Unun it 7 pledpts aie reminded to brinp boxes bonds and lopes Tlhcre will be no pltdpe mcctinp on liusday Actives are urped to allcnd the meetinp —GOSSWEIN AM Students All students who wish to woik foi the Ripisti ll durinp the Summi r Icim rcpistration Apiil 26 and 27 irc re (liusted t( mike applieation at the Rcpis trar s ofliec Those with previous cxpeii ence at rej isti ition or in othei clerical jibs ire pivcn prefeience SIONJ
Gulf Oil
(Continued fiom page 1) attempt to duect oi admmistci the fellowships They aic to be wholly undci the jLiiisdiction ot the van ous schools who aic gianted the Ut most fieedom m selecting the fcl lows and in diiccting then vvoik Duiing the throe jeai tcim of each fellowship The leccpicnt is luiclci absolutely no obligation to the Gulf companies Ncithei is he undei any obligation to take cm ploj ment vv ith Gull oi to follow any specific line oi cndcavoi following its completion ^
Notice
Hcpicsentativ es of G e n c i a 1 Fllcctiic Company, Schenectady New it oik will be on Ihe campus Wednesdaj and Ihuisday Maich 17 and 18 to inteivievv Apiil and August TL and MI All Intel csted seniors, espe cially those entering tlui Aimed ServiceSj aie invited to attend the group meeting on Wedncstla> Maich 17 at 1 00 p m in room 141 r 1 e c 11 1 c a 1 E n g i n e e i i n g
Building
Individual intei views can be scheduled in the Peisonncl Office befoie AVednesdav noon All Students Manv students have changed then lesidence since the begin lung of the teim but have never notified anv of the administiative offices on the campus ol then new adcliesses Haidlj a day passes without telegrams letters and messages coming loi some of these students and it is next to impossible to locate them 1 am, thcretoic appealing to all students who have changed their addicss since the beginning ot the cuiicnt Icim to notify this office at once ol then picscnt addicss and telephone numi ei I red I Goldsmith
CE 62 A condition test in Highway Construction CC 62 will be held at 1 'SO p Tn , Saturday March 27 in room 206 ot yic Civil Engineering Building —PETTY Gimlet Actives and Pledges* Initiation on Tuesday March 16 at 6 p m Meet at the Phi Gam house Initiation will be followed by a meeting to select new pledge class Party after meeting Actives and pledges bung cars it possible Pledges bring towel, paddle full box and money for initiation
fee and active s paddles
—MENKB
Kappa Delta Pi Actives Initiation of new members will be held Thursday night March 18 at b in room i07 cf the Union Call Phyllis Hyde oi Mary Margaret Pouts by Tuesday night for banquet reseivations
—JOHNSON
Gold Peppers Meeting at 4 p m Tuesday, March 16 in room 804 of the Union
—MaoDONALD
Foresters Meeting Tuesday night March lb at 8 Dr C H Robertson will speak on Things to bo seen on the Road to Tokyo All Poresters be sure to attend
—WEAVER
Skull and Crescent Actives Important meeting Wednesday March 17 at 7 16 p m in room 212 of the Union Be there
-CHEST NUTT
Military Students A gioup of two reels movie film on the subject Enemy mechanived equipment together with a film bulletin ot gtnenl interest will be shown m the E E Bldg room 120 Wednesday March 17 at 4pm All militaiy students are invited
—MAIER
Student Senate There will be a Senior B( nrd meeting of the Senate for the stleclien of lunior and senior executive liositioTis Wednesday Apiil 24 in the Senate olTiee —MILLER Pi Tan bigma Important meeting Prill ly Much 11 it 1 p ni in Reading Room I ketioii ot new members Necessary that ill letives hi theie IIAGENMAIER Virginia C Meredith Impi i tant meeting of th e ibinet membi r today at 4 p m in the Home Ee Bull hng —DOSTER Camera Club Meeting Ihursday Mareh 18 it '■ lO in room a07 of the Union Mr 1 rust will speak on photo murals PipturoS to be entered in the spring exhibit must bo tiiinel in at the West Desk not later than Monday Mareh 22 it b p m —STOCKMAN Alpha Phi Omega Caps h ivo arrived 1 urehase ticket mist be obtained fiom M L Bendei 242 b Gary Hall
—BENDER
WAA Bowling Cl iss tournament heginiiiiig Wedne elaj Much 1 at p m All te ims be there piomptly Three games to be bowleel —SANDERb
Triton liesilay until lluiisdaj U ■■
-SANDERb
meeting is postponed 16 Be there promtply
STIGLRS
Christian Science Organization The regu 11 meeting will be Ije Id tonight Tuesday m Cl m 212 ( f be Union at " 20 SOMMER AW b executive Board Meeting tonight t 1) III the AWS olliee — CORNTHWAITE
Classified Ads
Typewriters Aiding machinGs all makes soil r<.nt I n paired and purchased Mimeo1,1 iph 5 ork d n( C T Ebershoff 606 Main« Laf lycttc 1 hone 2 79 IVIunc} to loan On di imonds watches, t,ur 1 ii,t typewriters Alberta Loan OfTice to I Columbia \\ inltd Oil t woil in Chestnut Room kill scivinj, fijurs Pi rduc Memorial Ui i A] r ly C It tern OifiLc Lost—Il Uni n j. Id class rinp Initials D \ I C ill Don it "n Rewaid Wanted—Iw i'-, d t ixodos Good condition Si/ s M ind k Phone Wanted—Used ir Herb Mayer 140 N C ut W Lili>cttc Phone 243
As a rosult ot tht&c intensive pi o giams the Chinese Aimy has been gicatlv incieased both in size and in fighting povvei since the wai be gan ilmost six vtais ago Eiom i total of less than two hundicd com paitivclv pooilv (quipped and ill tunned divisions the Chinese ainiv has grown to well ovei throe hun died division with 5 000 OOO men m
ponent office has itceivcd icpoits the field and 15 000 000 men in le at at least six ot the hist buds seive units oi in tiaining e imps Some of these ma\ be eamouflaged Ovei SOO 000 gueiiillas aie haiass eTovvfe but at least one ot them may m,, J qi inesi ^^aiiisons md lines ol have been the lamous initial led eommuiucation while moie thin
100 000 ue,ulii tioops aic opciat mg behint' the lapam^se line In iddition 50 000 000 abl bodied men ol miliLiiv age aie aviililile loi
‘-ei vice
\t this point heu is a tiibutc to the C hinest ol ei hv I i uten mt Genei il Jo ejih W Stdwell United \ itions ( liicl ol St iff in the ( Imi i thealei ol w ii md eoneunentlv ( omm md( 1 ol the L S \imv in (hull Bill mi ml India on the hlth miuve s ii v ol ( Inn i s w ii ol le istc lice a iollows lo me the ( liinese soldiei list (vemplifies the ^leatncss ol tlie ( hmese jieojile then mdomit hie spiiit then UI coiiipl 111 iii„ lov ilt\ the 11 honestv tl jiuipose then stca II i I I c I s( \( 1 mee IB e n dine uiiLol I jnivalions without i whimpei lie Iollows wheievti he I 1 1 without (pie stion oi hesil i I Jii m I ll IK vti ( eeui s to Ins sim|de md sti iightloi w u d mind th it Ik is don„ anv thin„ hei oic He i Is loi little md alvvavs stall is leads to give all ] teel it i gie it lioiioi i t 1 (|n eseiitative of the United St etc to s<tlute vou lod i\ — the ( Iniie se sold le i ’
clubs tcacli leidei hip tlicv te leh imw eluh iietoiv flub It is pos eoopciation thev te leli membcis lo il e lot I th town md eountiy build homes turns md Lannlies lo s ti |om this eluh Ils lequne 4 II clubs ne element it\ teps to ntiLs m iv he met iiy vvoiliiig not becoming a stieec slid liimei oi t les thin 100 hiuis m seiviei to good housewile lo prove this ot tie eo n niiiit eoitseivin,^ loo I ot 127(1 students epiesl nud htie it I v piolueii 1 )o I I hi is install the Univeisitv m the Vt iieultu e othei ol the se jis lot Die all out and Home I eonomie il school oO elioit
Senate Petitions Due U
Evetything for a College Education DEAC’S
])ei cent vveie pit 1 ll i leml is rinollment h uics shoved the
In else veu ue wonde ing the >ui Ils L md foi hands head
Home L eonomie s g i Is who hid pg u I md he ilth—ill sj mholie ol
talvcn 4 11 in Dice Is It i d to lenun in sel ool Ion e i '"0 j pe i ei i t e 1 the senioi s gi idu i i lit e n sle i
vveie ini mci 1)1 n Is
1 II membcis ovei the n ition m
i ( o I 1 II me mbci s aims 1 o n ll e the I ( t be tec 1 bv using the h 1 I lo \ ( 11 the he id to guide him the he u t to keep him tl ue and ilie he ilth to 1 eep him physically
Thursday, March 23 Petitions loi all Senate |oos ue due lucselav Much 2a All sopho moles petitioning Coi junioi jobs md luiiiois petitioning toi semen )()bs uc to tuin in then lists ot le (luuements ihe list should inelueh seliol istie index pirns foi the stu dents siugestioiis on tlie tutiue ot the Senate the students jilans on his own lutuie md a summaiy of his past leeoi d
r
DANCE RECITAL TUESDAY, MARCH 23rd 8:00 P. M. Adm FREE CHILDREN'S CLASSES OPEN SAT , MARCH 27th BALLET AND TAP Classes Divided According to Age PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S
6lh and 1 erry
A carpenter named Mr. Jedd lilt the nail on the head when he said “ The Bonds I am buying Will help ’em keep flyin’ And bomb all the Asia guys dead!”
Help your county mbcIi ila J War Bond quota and giro America the “tools” for Victory Invest 10% of your ' income in War Bonds everr payday.
nu illv pioduec -.leit epi mtities ot he Lo seive the n Uion
Iwo Isle IS love so intense il III ought nothing but hate and the man tlu\ holh lo eel ut the diaiiiifie elements ol the Ida Lnpino-Dennis Moigm )om I (slit slaiiing Waiiici Bros piiluii “Jhe Haid Way,” now pi n mg it I lu Hus I lie il i e
PINCH HiniNG to provide more woolens for the armed forces* To make your clothes "go fardicr” have diem Crown Cleaned Regularly. Vast quandties of wool goods are needed in die military service. Crown Laundry
FINE DRY CLEANING
V
i
^ il
* P
> 0 i
f h