I
I
I
Aji’•Hk.-■ 7 i/'fCf ‘,'y<777't;7'V’ 77'7m'‘77'*7”"’‘7"'?'/;7
/»-> 4(
Only Graduates ToTakeCourse
Starting In Fall
Expert To Discuss
Population Problem
On Preparedness
“Population Pressure as a Cause of War” is the topic chosen by Dr. , Warren S. Thopipson o^ Miami university for discussion at the third in the series of preparedness convocations, to be held Thursday evening at 7:30 o’clock in the Hall of Music, according to an announcement by arrangement committee chairman Dr. J. A. Estey. Dr. Estey explained that the purpose of this series of lectures is to present on the campus authorities in scientific and technological fields to speak on the relation of their field to the national defense program. Nationally Recognized Dr. Thompson is a nationally recognized authority on population trends and effects. During the past twenty yeaj^ he has been actively connected with a number of groups engaged in population studies. He acted in an advisory capacity with the U. S. Bureau of Census, the research in connection with population problems of Scripps Foundation, and as a consultant for the National Resources Board. Dr. Thompson has bQen the jauthor of many papers and books on topics concerned with population trends and problems. He has studied widely and holds degrees from four American universities. r.l.h.
5 Year
Engineering
A new curriculum leading to the degree of hache^b;r of science in aeroi;iahtical engineering has been annoiiijo^ by President E, C. Elliott, ^be purpose of the new cpur^e ;is t9 meet ,the demands for m^e engineers trained for-the aeronautical %dustfy wideb is gjpowmg at the of six diid one-h£^ percent' a nionth aiid has aprogram for years ahead. Aftei? thoroughly studyThg t^ie problem, the engineering f4culty has deci4ed that bocsnsp the men inust^ be especially well trained in that field, the course of study should cover five years. Ifimited Enrollment The stmdy also showed that the aeronautical engineer nee^s civil, electrical) mechaniqal, and metallurgical backgrounds, and at presept It is planned to limit the enxollment to those who have completed any one of these major engineering courses. The fifth year is to be devoted entirely to aeronautical structure, airplane power plants, research in meterology, stress analysis, and airplane engines. A limited amount of specialization in aeronautical engineering, 16 credit hours, may be taken in the form of elective courses in the mechanical engineering curriculum, leadihg to the degree of B S M E at the end of the fourth year. Students considering employment in technical aeronautical work should plan (Continued on page 4)
m /33v
jOtr/Zy Sitter
West Laiayette« bidiana
Tuesday, November: 26, 1946
faddy's War
jhfews 0ig§sf
Honor 1940 Football Team
Chicago Pail$’ News Foreign Service Cofiirright^ 1^40. C&fdago Dapy News, Ipc.. In the first story to be sent by any correspondept from the Greek front, Leland Stowe describes the Hellenic advance as “like a victory parade’’ and adds: “Neither mountains nor Italian troops are likely to stand oif this Greek drive for a lopg time to come.”
/ At Annual Banquet Tonight In Union
Letters Awards
Given To Team
Greek troops have penetrated to the outskirts of Argirocastro, Italian military base in southern Albania, it was said in Athens, and are threatening to push on to the Adriatic coast, isolating many Ital-
MemberSfFrosh
An Axis raider is at large somewhere in West Indian waters, the world was informed by a British freighter, which said it was being shelled at a point 600 miles northeast of Puerto Rico, at the edge of the neutrality zone.
“Large-scale Nazi invasion preparations were subjected to continuous pounding by the Royal Air Force and long-range channel guns during the entire week-end” cables Helen Kirkpatrick from London. A series of heavy attacks culminated, she relates, in a smashing blow at four French ports.
Boilermaker football’s fiftythird season will close tonight with the Kiwanis Football Banquet in both ballrooms of the Union. Between 700 and 800 persons are expected to attend the colorful banquetshow starting at 6 o’clock. Music by the University Glee Club, football announcements, presentation of letters and aii address by Ellis C. VanderPyl, are among the features planned for the occasion. Awards of major and minor football letters to varsity team members, announcement of the 1941 cap-tain-elect and the “most valuable player” of the 1940 season and introductions of the players and the coaches will be made after the din-
- A -German attempt -to invade Eire and seize the Irish ports was (Continued on page 4)
Debate Season Opens
Tonight Al Madison;
in Chicago Tomorrow
University debate season will be formally opened tonight at Madison, Wis. At that time Dick Springgate, ChE ’41, and William M. White, ME ’41, will take the negative against the University of Wisconsin. They will also debate against the University of Chicago tomorrow afternoon in Chicago. The question chosen for Big Ten debates this year is. Resolved: That the power of the Federal government should be increased. The varsity affirmative team will meet the University of Michigan here on Friday, Deceipber ,6. Then on Monday, December 9, the Riveter plankmen will debate the Illinois Wesleyan squad on the campus, and on the following night they will also meet Ohio State’^ debaters here.
__yanderPyl, from Cleveland, O., and a nationally famous football and track star of Yale teams in the early ’20’s, will speak on “The Human Side of Sports.” He is well known throughout the East as an entertaining and forceful speaker. Sports Announcers .Guests The Rev. J. B. Gleason, president of the Kiwanis Club, will be toastmaster. In addition to the members of the varsity squad, freshman football players. President Elliott, the faculty committee on athletics, and the board of trustees, state officials and newspaper and magazine sportswriters and radio sports announcers will be guests of Kiwanis, the sponsoring organization. Tickets for the banquet are still on sale at downtown drug and sporting goods stores and by all Kiwanians, and also will be available at the door tonight, according to Simon Heemstra, general chairman of the committee in charge. A special price-of 75 cents has been made for students.
Acacia
. . . social fraternity announces the pledging of Ed Van Meter and Bob Martin, both of Lafayette.
Student Survey Reveals Extent Of Class Cutting; Southerners Miss Most; New Englanders Least
(By student Opinion Surveys)
How serious is the problem of class cutting? Are many college students wasting their time by failing to appear at lectures ? How often does the average student cut a class ?
Those are questions that have perhaps been answered locally in nlany schools, but a national study, as far as is known, has herMoT®”^® never been possible. Student Opinion Surveys of America, leaving the fiel(| pf social and political issues this week, has used its coast to coast structure Jtp measure the «xtent of class cutting going on today on the American campus. The suirvey reveals (ihat v. jgood majority (62 per cent) during a ;typical week in October attended l^all their classes. The remainder of !the7f|u4ent8 iiitervie^ed (88^ per
cent) declared that they had cut at least once. But over half of these (20 per cent) missed class only one time during the week. Here are the national tabulations: Cut no classes during week.. 62% Cut one class 20 Cut two classes 10 Cut three classes 4 Cut four or more classes 4 Less than .one per cant pf the students refused to abfeV®f question or,did not reffipnilber. Tpsts conducted hy the Surveys hifiye shown that on questions such*as tips very few' students fail fo, giv© truthful'answers; i&p i^e resuJtS above shojild give a satisfacijOjcy,|nji dication <)f cionditiphs ovpr the .pa■tion. The .leptire’^United States, is represented because, the schools ip which the polls are, conducted, inv
H. Earl Young Dies; Led Farm Groups
During Years Here
Rev. Graham To Preside At Services Thursday
H. Earl Young, age 61, state leader of farmers’ institutes at the University and for many years editor of various farm magazines circulating in the Middle West, died yesterday afternoon at St. Elizabeth Hospital of abdominal complica-
H. Earl Young
tions that followed a major operation November 14. Born and reared on a farm near Mason, Mich., Prof. Young entered the magazine editorial field following his graduation from Michigan State College of Agriculture in 1902. He served as editor of the Indiana Farmers’ Guide at Huntington from 1902 to 1908 and as editor of the Farmers’ Review magazine, Chicago, from 1908 to 1915. Became Secretary After speading a year with the federal extension service of the U. S. Department of Agriculture at Washington, D. C., he became secretary of the Illinois Farmers’ Institute, Springfield, 111., in which position he served until 1929 when he accepted' the editorship of the Illinois Farmer magazine, Chicago.
In 1931 he was placed in charge
of commercial and industrial gardens for the Governor’s Commission
(Continued on page 4)
PlacemenI Ledures
eluding Purdue university make up a proportionate sample of all i;ypes pf educational institutions as listed fay the United States Office of Education.
Will Begin Thursday
In connection with this poll, it may be recalled that last February 64 per cent of the collegians in a survey expressed the opinion that compulsory class attendance should be abpiiafied, , ’ Although the frequency is quite uniform froni one section of jjhe copptry iio another. New Englatfdi prs and Southerners appear .t® be at the two extremes. In the north-east comer of the nation cuts are at a piinimum, only 26 per Cent of the students having niissed, one or mp.re fcla.ss-during the week of the poll.Jn the South over half of, tliem, 67 per cent sai^ tjiey had cut at least pnee, . ,
'The Mark of Zorro'
Showing Tonight In Music Hall--Free
Dash down to the Music Hall'at 10 this evening nnd see that smooth first-run feature “The Mark of Zorro” with Tyrone Power, Linda Darnell, and Basil Rathbone. That’s right! The annual free movie, sponsored by the Gimlet Club and honoring the football team, will be shown through the courtesy of the Fourth Avenue Amusemerits. Captain Dave Rankin, the Big Ten’s most valuable player, will introduce next year’s captain and other members of the team before the picture begins. Doors open at 9:30 p. m. Study early and stay late. All you’ll need' is your passport—and an easy Wednesday morning. Incidentally (and very important, too), co-ed hours have been extended to fifteen minutes after the conclusion of the program, b.v.d.
Counly High School Heelings Will Open In Union Tomorrow
Educationalists Will Lead
Employment Discussions
Aclivilies Forum
Today To Discuss
Ail Service Groups
The Activities Bureau will hold its second forum this afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building. This forum is the second in a series on the campus. The first forum covered all student government organizations. The forum today will cover the service organizations of the PIA, Alexander “Bun” Clarke will dis,cuss the function- of the Student Union, and Walt Gipe will explain the functions of the Activities Bureau.
How to gain employment after high school graduation and intelligent selection of a college are two topics that will be discussed by leading state educational leaders at the high school guidance meetings which open in the South ballroom of the Union tomorrow morning at 9 o’clock. The meetings are for the benefit of seven to eight hundred juniors and seniors of Tippecanoe county high schools. Different fields of emplo3nnent will be discussed in the morning conference and the afternoon "will be devoted to a discussion of how to obtain employment in those fields. David Dunwoody, Dayton high school senior, will preside at the opening session. University speakers during the conference will be: W. O. Mills, Agricultural field representative; Delbert Greenwood, student; Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering; Prof. Margaret Beeman, home economics; T. R. Johnston, University publicity director; Prof. H. W. Hein4, pharmacy; and Prof. Ammon Swope, trades and industry. Dr. Alan Monroe, of the University speech department, will give a lecture - demonstration on interviewing prospective employers. “Finding Your Life Work,” a sound mo-vie, will be shown by M. L. Stoeppleworth of Indianapolis as an added .feature of the conference, b.v.d.
It is the aim of these meetings to acquaint freshmen with the various functions of each of these activities.
Prof. O. G. IJoyd
Union Tea Dance
. . . will be held tomorrow afternoon from 4 till 6:36 in the south ballroom of the Union. All students with passports will be admitted, h.b.d. \
. . . head of the farm management department, will address the annual meeting of the field supervisors of the Farm Seei^i^ Administration being held today at Spring Mill State Park. t; I.. Mr. Lloyd will speak to ^he ^oup on the agricultural qutlq(iA^;for farmers in low income groupk d.e.b.
SDX Intices Hairy Tribe Of Riveters Out For Rassle Friday, December 13
By Les Rassle
First of a series of placement lectures, sponsored by the University placement committee for all seniors in all schools of the University, will be held at 4 o’clock Thursday in the South ballroom of the Union. The telks are designed to aid in the problem of securing jobs upon graduation. The program for Thursday’s meeting' includes talks by Il/Iiss Irene Feldt, director of the placement service for -vyomen, and Professor David L. Arm, acting director of personnel. These speakers will discuss the general emplbyment outlook for men and women, and vnll outline misthodfe which seniors might follow in contacting prospective employers. e,!w.ra.
Friday, December 13, an unlucky day? Generally—^yes! This year— doubly so! Why? University students 'will not only have to be on the alert for black felines, broken mirrors, ladders, et al, but also for a tribe of bearded, goateed, bemoustached and otherwise hairy animals known as'“Riveters.”
According to ad'verse climatic coiiditibns, these rare creatures, at’ the instigation of a strange organization of joprnalisfs knoym as Sigma Delta Chi, come out of hibernation once a year and collect in the /Union ballrooms for what is universally recognized among the varlptry as a “Hassle.”
In an exclusive interview with one of the members of SKX we v«ce able to glepn the following somewhat ambiguous information:
Us—^“Who’s going to play for the Riveter’s Rassle?” SDX Members—^“Do any of us look like Pletemeyer?’*^ Us—“lyho is running SDXers—^‘Don’t jcall ;^sle a Brawl.” Us—“What is the theme of the Rassle?” Them—“We don’t theme to ro^ member.” (A short sRenee foRowed —and you know why.) Us—“How much are the tickets ?” Them—^(After fifteen minutes of slide rule computations, derivations, integrations and counting on Hieir fillers and toes.) “The Rassle price will hit a new low. 'Kckete cost $1.99% last year, so the pried will be somewhere between $4.99% and $9.00000% this year.” Storm ^gnals—.Beware eo-edsl Riveters, get your dates es^ly pad avoid Is^V minute rush!M
/
ii
-J'SaiWtDA
Tuesday, November 26, 1940
fiuhduL £xfttmiitiL
Ifv
5rt» Column
It seems to us that the CIO is carrying this national unity business a bit too far. One member refuses to pay his dues and they all quit. Which is unity all right. But doesn’t build any airplanes for Vultee. And the arguing doesn’t get anybody anywhere either. Now all they have to do is take up a collection. And pay his dues.
A very simple solution we worked out after sitting up all night trying to find three cents in our accounting books. And ended up by pasting the pennies on to the sheet. Making everything balance perfectly.
Maybe it ain’t scientific. But it’s practical.
See by the papers where the Greek sheep herders have corralled a few more of Benito’s sheep. Eight thousand to be exact. At the present rate. What with half of II Duce’s army already in Greece. Both above ground and below. And the Greek army chasing into Albania. There ought to be more Italians in Greece than Greeks.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered m teecmd elua matter at tiie XKMt efflee in li^
(f Cong
farettc, Indiana, nnder the act of CbncreiB of Uareh >, 1879, and at the apecial rate of postane prorided for in ■ection 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised Jannarr 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday durlnn the reKtilar academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Deliyered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail sub*
scription $8.60.
Kdltor-in-Chief JL W. DOinahne Bnsincsa Manager JScrIe Hagetneyer
News Editor
Publication Staff
-J. H. McKee
Managing Editor D. K. Bfeiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Rnffner, K. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Businasa Staff local Adrertislng Managers: D. S Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotlom Manager, G. E. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Sha^ord; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor ^. „ Reth Simpson ALSsoeiate Editors: Mary Kny Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
SiesB.
Sporla Staff Editor _ J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swains.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Traugott Day Editor: Siess Ass’t. Night Editor: Novey Sports Editor: Johnson Staff: B Van DeuSen, J H Armstrong, E W McCullough, R L Hadley, B. Hoskins, D. T Brophy, M Fuller, H Davis, L. Brewer, A. Worsley, V Barson.
And more Greeks on Italian soil than Italians. * • «
Why A Prom Committee?
In a day or so both the Boilermaker and Progressive parties will announce their candidates for Prom and Gala Week committees. Sometime before Christmas the juniors and seniors on the campus will vote to choose between the lesser of two evils to represent them on these committees. This will merely be a repetition of what has happened in former years. It might be well to recall what these committees have done in former years. The bands which are by far the most important part of Prom have for the most part not met with student approval for the past three years. Three years ago it was Buddy Rogers, two years ago it was Russ Morgan, and last year it was George Hall. Morgan though he did not meet with popular approval at the time of his choosing was generally regarded as a fair band. The fact remains, however, that as a picker of bands the Prom committee does not seem to function and last year’s choice was certainly the climax of all poor choices. Rumor has ^ blamed everybody from Prexy to the campus cop for last year’s band but the truth is that one or two members of the committee were the real flies in the ointment, if anyone is to be blamed. A delay on the part of one of the members caused the failure of the committee to sign Larry Clinton. What we’re getting at is why have a Prom committee at all ? Why not let the band he chosen by Mr, Fletemeyer or by Mr, Vallely who have done most of the booking of bands for the campus anyway ? Certainly no one can complain about the choice of bands for the Military Ball and just look at the array of bands that Mr. Vallely has brought to Union mixers. The other functions of the committee, such as publicity, decorations, tickets, etc. could be handled by the Student Union who have to do most of that work for Prom anyway. And the Prom Committee gets the credit. A prom queen could be elected by popular ballot and she and her date and the president of the Union and his date could lead the Prom. Such an arrangement would certainly save a lot of time and expense-as far as running an election is concerned. If it’s training in the American .method of choosing leaders that we need we’re certainly not going to find it in a ballyhoo campaign where politically chosen candidates are up for election.
What They're Wearing
by Mary Kay
Goodbye To The Bucket
Well, we’ve seen everything now. We never thought we’d get through Martin’s freshman chemistry—^but we did. We’ll never know how we outlasted calculus—but we did. And we never thought we’d see Indiana get thq Bucket back—^but we did. It sorta leaves the editor without a word to say, if that’s possible. One -grows to expect such things after a time, no doubt. The fall of Norway, Holland, etc., likewise seemed impossible but we’ve seen it happen. Three or four years ago who would have thought that any president could have survived the third term tradition? And yet ... No our generation shall not be easily shocked by an Indiana victory in the Bucket game. But be forewarned, Indiana, you’re going to have a battle on your hands next year and don’t be surprised when the Boilermakers return the Bucket to its customary place here at Purdue. So long, 01’ Bucket, but we’ll be down to get you next year ... and it won’t be in a taxi, either. We should take time out in this period of mourning to give credit to the group of students who took part in presenting the Union show, “Everything But Onions.” They did a swell job and we hope to see more entertainment of that sort on the campus. We’ve heard rumors of an all male show to be presented in the spring by one of the booster organizations and it sounds like a good idea to us. One more thing. The Exponent cannot be accused this year of not supporting the team. Rather, we have bent over backwards in boosting them. Our criticisms have been practically non-existent as far as the team and the coaching staff are concerned. Sometimes it has been hard to do, especially when we thought we had some just criticisms. But sometimes even just criticisms are better left unsaid ... until the proper time.
For the first time in its recent history. Harvard university showed an operating deficit, amounting to $68,605, for the last fiscal year.
The Ratio'
3.93 • • to 1
So when this whole business is over, all they have to do IS swap civilians. And reverse the border signs. Saving a long walk home.—dkh
We had planned a big column about what they wore to the game Saturday, but with the drizzle and the loss of the game we were feeling too low. —^wTw— At the game we saw nothing of interest except umbrellas, rain coats, ’kerchiefs, old hats, boots and any other rainy weather apparel. Not many people stepped out in their furs and keenest wool dress. .. . Chrysanthemums were worn by many in spite of the rain. —^wTw— Editor, Bob Donahue, is becoming a real joe in his fingertip jacket of corduroy and gabardine . . . Mudball slunk into the office the other day in a pair of mittens which he says his dad wore in the old days and (they still look good to me). They are knit of multi-colored yarn with a fringe around the lower edge of the cuff . . . Start a fad girls and ask your dad for the mittens he used to wear. —^wTw— Last night I was asked if the dirty cord contest was the real thing or if it was all a joke. Fred Elley feels that his cords are so dirty that he must have them cleaned without delay, yet he would like to win the contest, —^wTw— Seriously, fellows, the contest is on the up and up and plans had been made for a prize. Not many men contacted us with evidence, but if there are other fellows who feel as Fred does let us know before the vacation starts. We will set the deadline for December 15. All of the cords viewed previous to that date, that have gotten their dirt by honest efforts, the winner will be duly awarded. —^wTw— The knee sock question is again at an issue. Will the co-eds wear them or will they not? (They seem to have answered that one for themselves.) The girls down at Iowa made an issue of it. The fellows didn’t like them but the girls offer this question, “Would you rather see knee socks or girls with cold, chapped legs ?” The answer should be the former but the fellows just don’t like to admit that that would be the best thing. They still say thumbs down to knee socks. —^wTw— With the ending of the month our thoughts turn to Christmas and vacation. With Christmas comes one’s endless shopping list. Be wise and do your shopping early, so say the stores ... If anyone would like, we will be willing to try to help with shopping problems. We don’t promise to please but will be willing to give suggestions.
Announce 5 Year
(Continued from page 1)
to follow this work by a fifth year leading to the degree of B S Aero E, Strictly aeronautical subjects comprise only 10 percent of the four year curriculum, most of which deals with fundamental principles of physical science and engineering. Emphasize Fundamentals According to K. D. Wood, professor of aeronautical engineering, the University policy is to emphasize fundamentals before specialization. The requirements for admission to the fifth year of study are only that the student graduate from the University or from an accredited curriculum in other institutions with a degree of bachelor of science in any branch of engineering and including credits in internal combustion engines, mechanism, and machine design. It is expected that those interested in qualifying for higher posts in the aviation industry will take the five year course, e.w.m.
SATI
MM
MOMHMn THE
SATURDAY, NOV. 30
MM M.NMMIS Vmmmihg HMirsnrMaRKAUPMMI SHMATION
MAN WHO
CAME TO DINNER
ciSi^CUFrON W£BB
— SEATS NOW ON SALE — EVENING AT 8.-00— ' 83c, S1.10,SI.45, $2.20, $2.75 MATINEE AT 2:30— 55c, 83e, $1.10, $1.05 Box Office Open—11:00 a. m. —9;00 p. m. —Phone 7903 for Retervaflonf—
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lielhy
You know, one of these days we are going to get this pin business straight, we hope. In the meantime, however, we want to apologize from the bottom of our hearts to those we offended and hope we will be forgiven. It will never happen again —so help us. Now to straighten things out. In the first place. Phi Kappa Jerry Mueller is the lucky man as far as Delta Gamma pledge Jacquie Carr is concerned. There is no one else in her young life even though we did say so. To continue. Bob Brock, also of the Phi Kappas, is not mixed up in this affair at all, and, moreover, doesn’t care to be. In order to defend ourselves a little, we have not been drinking too much, merely misinformed. Forgive us please. Neck Out Again Well, we’re going to stick our necks out once more to announce that beauty queen Martha Lommel has capitulated on her wonderful reputation and has taken the Theta Xi pin of Hugh Redhead. This is straight goods, so help us. (So help us if it isn’t!) Say, we had a lot of excitement over the week-end, didn’t we ? That was a beautiful fire they had at Montgomery Wards and that was not all. A certain famous “Brownie” of a certain equally famous spot in town certainly had his hands just as full as the fire department did that last Saturday after the game. Ted Hennis got mad at three fellows from Indiana all at the same time and, believe it or not, escorted all three of them to the door single handed. Ted just doesn’t fool around when he’s going to do something. Somebody down at Indiana is sporting a beautiful black eye these days I’ll betcha. Ted didn’t hit him but somebody else did an awfully good job.
‘Bah! All this talk about Hitler spoilin’ our way of life—it’s the FBI what’s t’reatening OUR way of life!”
H. Earl Young Dies
(Continued from page 1)
on Unemployment Relief for Indiana, co-operating with the University horticulture department. In 1938 he was named state leader of Indiana Farmers’ Institutes, in which position he has been serving. He was a life member of the Illinois Horticultural Society, a member of the Illinois Commercial Apple Growers’ Association, a 32nd degree Mason, a Shriner and member of the Lafayette Kiwanis club. Funeral Services Funeral services for Prof. Young will be held Thursday morning at 10 o’clock at the Rogers and Henderson funeral home in Lafayette, with the Rev. W. R. Graham officiat-
ing. Burial will be in an Indianapolis cemetery. Members of the Lafayette Kiwanis club will hold special services at the funeral home tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock, with Rev. J. B. Gleason, president of the organization, in charge. Friends of the family may call at the funeral home this afternoon and thereafter. Survivors include: the widow, Mrs. Ruth Young; three children by a former marriage, Robert of Milwaukee, Wise., Eugene who is a sophomore in the West Lafayette high school and Miss Marian Young, a librarian at Springfield, 111.
NOW SHOWING -A FIRST RUN HIT
By Gum! Its
LINDA DARNELL BASIL RATHBONE TODAY - WED.
— ALSO — INFORMATION PLEASE
ARC
1 P
—TODAY -TOMORR
ow—
l-'n.'i'.'llll '■'IT 1
'Ip
MqcLANE ROCHELLE A s o
'BETTY BOOP
LUMA
Today-Wed.—2 HITS
PLUS —2ND FEATURE.,.
COM«»
, have a rollickins sood time!
\a>
ShlHty TEMPLE
Jack
OAKIE Charlotte GREENWOOD
yovNGpeopiiE
if
■Hi
HHM.
' I
-4
fiwtdujL £xfiotuinL
Tuesday. November 26.1940
paije i -SfiOJdA
( %
Illusions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
You know, this journalism business is the silliest stuff a fellow ever got entangled in, especially if you must take “a stand” and stand pat upon it. So far this year we have endeavored to stay with the athletic department and team proper, but from the “fan” mail around here, it seems that our words can be taken both ways. /. —I-I— You can’t please ’em all. Saturday’s mail box held seven letters. You can’t please ’em all. Four of the letters, written by persons who evidently think and act hastily, gave yours truly plenty of dickens for protecting the football coaching staff and football squad. Yoq can’t please ’em all. The other three letters thanked us for taking\it easy
when writing about constant defeat. Oh, well, who could please ’em all... You can say what you want, but Purdue played right up to the best in the land this season with the exception of Minnesota. It’s up to the coaching staff to devise offeiises and defenses to overcome opposition, and if outgaining and out firstdowning an opponent as Purdue has isn’t a tribute to a coaching staff, what is. —I-I— Many of the best coaches in the business are wondering just what in the heck Elward has done to deserve the immense amount of luck he has amassed in his four years of head directing, but you don’t hear any cries of moral victory from him. —I-I— The banquet tonight js being offered to the entire student body, thus utilizing the double ball-room. Tickets are two-bits cheaper for students than for the general public, and the main speaker is a former great of the grid wars of the first water. -1-1-I wonder if any 160 pounder has ever matched Tex Axton’s weekly sixty minute performance. Didn’t he look swell with those ankle-trip-ping tackles la^t Ss^turday. Stuff like Axton and Neff bring color out of any gloom.
i %
STRATFORD: Accordion stitching; V-neckline. Rayon Crepe Lagere. Sizes 34 to 44. Petal, Bluebell
Now and then, something too lovely for words — far too lovely for the word "pretty"—arrives. And we want to tell folks about it and we don't know just how to say it. That's the way it is with these Barbizon gowns and bedjacket.^ Come in and see them and see if you ^ don't want to make some woman ecstatic by getting her them for Christmas.
ENCHANTRESS: Puffed sleeves and square neck with ribbon-run edging. Rayon Crepe Lagere. Sizes 32 to 38. Junior Sizes II to 15. Petal, Bluebell
DEBBIE: Bedjacket that complements both Stratford and EnehantreM. Round yoke, embroidery edging. Rayon Crepe Lagere. Sizes 32 to 38. Petal, Bluebell. $1.98
Lingerie Shop
Street Fleer
Basketeers Prepare For Title Defense
Meet Freshman Quintet
Red Grange, Retired Grid Great, Airs Sportscast From Campus
By Bob Swaim
Fifteen years ago midwestern college gridirons felt for the' last time the driving feet of Red Grange, the wearer of a vivid number 77. For three years he had riddled the strongest defenses for touchdowns and long gains, earning for himself the title of “football’s greatest player,” and raising Illinois to the top in national football rankings. After playing his last year of col-
legiate football, the great Grange joined the professional grid ranks where he starred at his halfback position until old age (for playing football) cut down his fleetness. With his famous number 77 packed ' away. Red is now connected with the grid game only through his hobby, radio broadcasting. He has a sports program that is aired twice weekly over a coast-to-coast network, during the football season. Picks ’Em • On Friday and Saturday nights Red presents his slants on college football, giving his predictions on Friday night and the final scores the next night. For last week’s programs the old Gallopin’ Ghost chose the scene of the Hoosier-Boiler-maker tilt as the origin of his broadcast. After quizzing Indiana’s Bo McMillin over his fifteen minuute program Saturday night the redhead was smothered by old friends and autograph-seekers, but we found the greatest of all-Ameri-cans thoroughly trained in handling the converging crowds. “I’ll sign anything but a check,” jested Grange as several pieces of paper were thrust toward his pencil. After scrawling his signature countless times during the last! seventeen years. Red has learned the
art of mass production, legibly striking off his signature in less than three seconds. Different Game? “Changes in football since I played have come mainly in the defensive part of the game. Of course, the game has opened up a lot with passing, but now a team uses four or five different defensive formations ' when formerly they would stick to only one.” The Wheaton Iceman names Michigan as the strongest grid team he has seen this year. Each week-end Red and his announcer, Don Hyde, who played football with Miami University, move to a different mid-western college town for their broadcast.' They have visited Chicago, Champaign, Columbus, and Ann Arbor this season. Westover Will Present Awards At Fall Banquet ^ Lee Westover, president of WAA, will present class numerals and awards at the WAA Fall Banquet held in the WAA cabin tonight at 5:30. All members wishing to attend can get their tickets now in the WAA office for 25 cents.
“REST ASSURED” at HOTEL FOWLER
A
200 Rooms
Fireproof
Newly decorated Blueblazer Airconditioned
Fourth and Ferry
Lafayette
the Purdue Exponent ^ Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK PR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J.RISK 4th & Hain St. Phone 5701
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
• jewelers
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler* and Optometrist 504 Main St. \
• Hardware
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Tailor
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It ^Phone 4354 We OtUvcr
Sparrendahl 'failor Poivler Hotel BWg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $3Q and tflt
Tomorrow In Annual Til! Coach Ward “Piggy” Lambert ran the 19 members of the Boilermaker Big Ten basketball championship contingent through one of the most intensive practice sessions of the infant season yesterday afternoon in preparation for the annual Freshmen-Varsity tilt which will be held tomorrow evening in the Fieldhouse. ” Sophomores and juniors were outstanding in the lengthy workout which stressed mainly fundamental scrimmages. Speedy drills emphasizing three men offensive assignments were a highlight of the drill. Squad Weak Defensively The outstanding weakness of the squad this season will be in defensive strength. While four outstanding forwards return to the squad this season, the three outstanding defensive giants, Yeager, Fisher, and Beretta, the latter an All-American, were lost to the squad via graduation. According to Coach Lambert, “This year we will have an interesting team to watch, plenty fast, but it cannot be as powerful as last year’s squad due to the loss in defensive strength.” Frosh Stars Not Back Three outstanding members of last year’s freshmen team, Johnson, Duncan, and Raymond, did not return to school this year. These men would have been very valuable in plugging up the gap opened by the loss of the trio of graduates. An outstanding feature of the 1940-41 squad is the fact that there are only two seniors pn the team roster. Captain Bob Igney and Forest Weber are the only fourth year men playing this year. The remainder of the team is composed of ten juniors and seven sophomores. / Frosty Sprowl, who teamed with Don Blanken and Bob Igney last season at the forward posts, has not reported to practice as yet due to the fact that he has been playing on the varsity grid squad. Although the speedy forward will not see action tomorrow night, he is expected to begin hardwood practice next week. Meet the Defending Champs The complete roster of the 1940-41 team is as follows: MAJOR LETTERMEN
Name and Position
Wt
Hgt Year :
Home Town
Ward (Piggy) Lambert,
coach .... 140
5-7
24th
Crawfordsville
Don Blanken, c
140
6-2
Jr.
Dundee, 111.
Charlie Caress, g
182
6-
Jr.
Bedford
Bob Igney, f (C)
156
6-
Sr.
Rossville
Frosty Sprowl, f
174
6-
Jr.
Oblong, lU.
Mickey Tierney, f
160
5-10 Jr.
Chicago, HI.
Jake Weber, c
229
6-5
Sr.
Plainfield
MINOR LETTERMEN
Don Adams, g
174
6-1
Jr.
CarpentersviUe,
Don Blemker, g
164
6-1
Jr.
. Huntington
John Conrad, g
156
5-10 Jr.
West Point
Cal Korschot, c
166
6-3
Jr.
EJondike
Bill Neutzel, c
184
6-3
Jr.
Tell City
Cecil Polk, g
153
5-8
Jr.
Rochester
George Fields, f
144
5-11 Soph
Mooresville
Howard Hoffman, f
176
6-1
Soph
Bridgeport
Tom Kiefer, f
172
6-1
Soph
Brownstown
Fred Krampe, g
198
6-4
Soph
Indianapolis
Bob Riley, g
186
6-
Soph
West Lafayette
Swede Seaborg, f
148
6-
Soph
South Bend
Bill Sumner, f
162
8-
Soph
Owensville
RR-AIH^ UNDIES FOR CHEDREN
YOUR CHOICE OF PANTIES BLOOMERS VESTS
DRESS LENGTHS They measure 3Vi and 4 yards. Plain colors and printed patterns. Very Special.
$1.5*8
THIEME & WANGERiN CO. 622-626 Main St. Lafayatt«f Indl.
Frosh Basketball Meeting Announced The following freshman basketball men are to report to Dutch Fehring today in the Fieldhouse at 4 o’clock: Swnrtz, Lawson, Mehke, Laughner, Zehring, Parish, Taylor, Shelby, Wright, Hites, Miller, McGrath, Etling, Dickman, Brower, Wooden, Friend, Eohlenbeck, Anderson, Grove, Blackburn and Warrick. It is very important that these men report without fail. g.t.w.
Intramural Sports Rifle Club Meeting Of special interest to all rifle enthusiasts should he the first meeting of the Rifle Club as an organization. The meeting is scheduled for 7:30 p. m., Wednesday, November 27, in room 104 of the field-
house.
In charge of the meeting are: President Henry Grautenj Vice President John Morrison; Secretary Fred Matthews. Anyone interested in becoming a member of the Rifle Club is cordially invited to attend.
\ -v
Basketball Gaines Off All Intramuc^al basketball games scheduled for Wednesday night, November have been * postponed until a hiter date. Please watch ihel Exponent for the new schedule.'
IM ScKedulet TODAT—saVASK
CoBCt I
^ sigiB* Ne.'
Thet» Tau vs. Tlieta XL Delta Dpailoii vs. Taq kspga
Cowrt S
Staroa Pi Xpsilon HO. A&ha Chi vs. h^na Delta Bhih., Sigma Alpha Mu vs. D«^ 5Cmi Dsitii., Cawrt $ '> I^Kapea^ vs. Phi Gamma ItsKa. n Kwpa Ahflia vs. Tau Omega Phi K^ga vs. AhM Qsnim
8:00 9:00 7:00 8:00 9:00 7:00 8:00 9:00■ft"'.
-V, ' f'j . , ■'.’ . ; ,,tt|
' ^
Tuea^, NQV,o^nbfl^ 2% 194P
^mdm Si^s^mioM
i^X
wmm
f*
a-'
I
n
>iA'
¥»
Today's War News
(Continued from page 1)
frustrated by the R. A. F. operations over the week end, the London Daily Express says it has reason to believe. “What is going to happen in Ireland now is what numerous experts are asking themselves,” cables Robert J. Casey. The passing of Lord Craigavon, prime minister of Ulster, may make a difference, he says, in the relationship df the people of the South and the North, and in the attitude of Eire toward the war.
Classified Ads
Hortlcaltaral Society: DeJ>ri8 picture will
:30 p. m. Wednesday, Novem-
be taken at 7
ber 27». in the South Union
iroom. aUNKLE.
POS SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
300 tickets $1; 1000 for $2 ; other printing at painless prices. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th. Phone 6206.
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
“People in Washington seem to feel that a crisis over the amount of war production, actual and to come, cannot much longer be avoided,” writes Engar Ansel Mowrer.
For Rent: .Save money by sharing close in apartment with 8 Other men. Phone 2806.
Lost: Works of Waltham wri®* watch in or near Music Hall. Reward. Robert Troutman. Phone 2678.
Close in famished apartment, for four men students. Phone 2806.
“Sino-Japanese peace looks as remote as ever, despite Japan’s latest rumor offensive,” radios A. T. Steele from Shanghai. “Trial balloons set loose from Tokyo have made no impression on the Chinese except to convince them of the weakness of Japan’s position.”
Lost: Yellow gold Hamilton men’s wrist watch with fibre strap. Reward. Call P. H. Decker, 6036.
Lost: Man’s gold Elgin wrist watch Saturday at football game. R. R. Kraybill. 76783. Reward.
John T. Whitaker radios from Rome that “the words of Christian charity addressed to the peoples of every ‘tongue, climate and custom’ by Pope Pius XII Sunday, when he prayed in St. Peter’s for world peace based on justice, were interpreted today by the Fascist propaganda ministry as an endorsement of Italy’s war claims.”
Notices
Scabbard and Blade: There will be a formal meeting for actives only on Thursday, November 28, at 7 :S0 p. m. in Room 303 of the Union. —MEESB.
Novice Pistol: Students- to fire in the sixth novice pistol group may sign up in the supply room of the Armory. This will be the last group of the year. 12-1. —BROWN.
Faculty Sponsors
Ag Party Tonight
Agriculture students of the farm management option will be feted at a party this evening at 7:16 in the west assembly room of the Horticulture Building. This party, sponsored by faculty members will include a ventriloquist act and refreshments.
Triton Club: Meeting Tuesday, November 26, at 7:16 p. m. and Thursday, November 28, at 7:15 p. m. Advanced ballet will practice Friday, November 22, at 4 p. m., every day of week starting Sunday, November 24, at 4 p. m., and at 7:16 p. m. Tuesday, November 26, and Thursday, November 28. Beginning ballet practices Friday, November 22, at 4:45 p.m., every day of week starting Sunday, November 24, at 4:46 p. 'm., and Tuesday, November 26 and Thursday, November 28, at 7:16 p. m. —SMITH.
Kappa Delta Pi: Open meeting Tuesday, November 26, in West Faculty Lounge at 7:30 p. m. Dr. Smith will talk on “Prejudices.” Any students interested are Invited to attend. —NORQUEST.
POMM: Picture will be taken Wednesday, November 27, at 8:10 p. m. in the south ball-room of the Union. Wear formal uniform. ' —McCAMMON.
Coprrii^t
MAKe YOUR NEXT PACK nesterfield
All Students: Meeting of the Purdue Rifle club at 7:80 Wednesday, STovember 27. AU invited.
.Cootierative Houses: SCA boai;d< pictures -' ■ ■ - ‘ ' - - u. Wedhes-
Scabbard and blade: Debris pictures of actives and pledges will be taken Wednesday, November 27, at 8 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union. Wear uniforms and white ehirts. —MBESE.
Camera Club: Carl Miller of Weston Lo. will talk on “The Weston Meter” Thursday, November 28, at 7:80 p. m. in room 868. Lecture will be illustrated. All invited. —GEPHART.
for toebiris scheduled for 9 :10 p.'m. day, .No'rember 27, ii/ south ballroom. Do not wear saddle shoe^ qr skirts and sweaters. Board officers should be present at 9.
' —PLUMMER.
a: Debris pictures will be taken on Wednesday, November 27, at 8:30 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union. Wear uniforms and white shirts. —MEE3E.
All Military Freshman Qoxera: Report at 6 p. ,m. in the varsity dressing rooni of the Fieldhouse. ' -j-ANTRIM,
Alpha Lambda ^elta: Meeting Tuesday, November 26, postponed until Tuesday, December 3. —McHAFFIE.
WSGA Offles Commlttes: Important meeting Wednesday, November 27 at 4 p. m. in the WSGA office. If you can’t be there, notify me beforehand. Those who have been unable to turn out before this time but want to work should also be there. Attendance will be taken. _ ^ —STIBRS. I
■ k>
Xi Sigma Pi Pledges: Meeting Wednesday, November 27, in room 802 of Union at 7. —SHAW.
Sophomore Debate Managers, Men and Women: Report to debate office at 4 p. m. Tuesday, November 26. Bring (sharp) pair of scissors. —BECHm.
Sfudi^t Uniqn: Meeting.of Music Room
il6 Tuesdhy,'N
Radio Club: Meeting in room 184 of EE Building, Tuesday, November 26, at 7:80 p. m. Mr. R.^ R. Stone will give a lecture demonstration on, “The Control of the Purdue' Television Station, W9XG.” Use north entrance. Tau Beta Pi: Formal initiation Wodnesday, November 27, at 6 p. m. in Union. MONTGOMERY.
committee at
in the Union office.
' November '26, -CARPENTER,
gCabbard and Bla^e Pledges: Meeting at 7 Wednesday morning, November 27. Wear uniforms. —BLACKWELL.
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Short pledge meeting at 7:80 p. m. Tuesday, November 26, at Lambda Chi 'Alpha house. Bring pencil and paper. —CHRISTY.
Sportswomen: Debris picture will be tak-
We
/ednesday, November 27, at 7 in south ballroom. Wear one-piece dress and silk
hose.
—FISHLEIGH.
Music Room Comn|iittee: Short and important meeting at 4 :i6 p. m. Tuesday, No-
veptjber 26, in tlfe office.
-FELLOW^.
AIME Members: Debris pictures will be taken at 8:60 p. m. Wednesday, November 27, in sodth ballroom. Be on ;.^e t —PHILUPS.
Reamer Club: Actives and pledges turn in tickets and money for Freshman-Varsity basketball game Wednesday night, November 27, to Myers at the Fieldhouse. Don’t forget. —BOHLIN.
WSpA .Execntive Boaifl: Regmlar meeting Wednesday, November 27, 7:80 p. m. in WSGA office. —ZWIERLEIN.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting on Thursday, November 28, in room 307 of Union at 7:30 p. m. Visitors welcome. —LONG.
APhA: Business meeting and films by Prof. De Kay Tuesday, November 26, at 4 p. m.. Pharmacy 801. —FULLER.
Band Officers: Debris pictures will be taken in Union south ballroom Wednesday, November 28, at 8 :40 p. m. Full dress uniform. —SMITH.
Kappa Psi: Special meeting Tuesday, November 26, at 7:30 p. m. Attendance is absolutely necessary. Room 302 in Union. —SCHAEFER.
Purdue Players: Compulsory meeting in Fowler Hall Tuesday, November 26, at 4. —CARE.
Zouaves: All actives and pledges report to south ballroom of Union Wednesday, November 27, at 8:16 for the Debris picture. Wear formal uniform. —GIBSON.
WAA Council Nembers: Meeting at 8:16 Thursday, November 28, in Women’s gym. —LARWELL.
All Girls: You are invited free of charge to sixth PIA dance class lesson Thursday, November 28, at 7 :30, in north ballroom of Union. —HUMPHREY.
WAA Volleyball Calloufs: Practice Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday at 4 p. m. Two practices required. —KIRKOFF.
Alpha Phi Omega: Important meeting in room 303 of Union Tuesday, November 26, at 7 :30 p. m. —YATES.
Dolphin Club: Formal initiation will be held Wednesday, November 27, at 7:16 p. m. in the Fieldhouse. Bring Aquacade money, and tickets to turn in. —SILER.
Pi Tau Sigma: Informal initiation at SAE house Thursday, November 28, at 7 :30 p. m. Pledges wear old clothes and bring large clean handkerchief. Actives be present. —WIST.
Theta Alpha Phi: Meeting of actives on Wednesday, November 27, at 7 :30 p. m. in Fowler Hall. —RUDDELL.
Sigma Delta Chi: Pledges and actives meet Friday, November 29, at 4 :16 in the Exponent office. Pledges bring signed replicas. Short. I —McKEE.
Gimlet Pledges and Actives: Be at Music Hall at 9:20 p. m. Tuesday, November 26. Attendance is compulsory. —TAYLOR.
Sophomore Union Workers: Meeting of following members of Riding club committee at 4:16 p. m. Tuesday, November 26: D. Carley, R. Clark, J. Decker, A. Epple, K. Fisher, T. Graham, H. Grauten, W. P. Jones, D. Kemper, J. Krug, B. Lupton, J. J. McGrath, J. Robinson, C. Ross. —HEPBURN.
Newnian Club: Discussion group will meet in Union Wednesday, November 27, at 7 :30. Topic for discussion will be “Ethics of Christianity” The executive council will meet Thursday, November 28, at 4 :15. —LUERS.
Sophomore Union Workers: Meeting of Bum Room committee at 4 in Union office Tuesday, November 26. HOLFF.
GRAVES BAKERY
FINE BREAD and PASTER!ES
Fraternity and Serority Ordera a SPECIALTY
STEP OUT
in Clean Clothes
on every occasion
IPs easy to be well dressed all the time . . . and inexpensive, too! Take your own wardrobe, no matter how limited it may seem, and entrust its care to Crown. Our regular expert cleaning will add to its life and give you th^ feeling of always stepping out in brand new apparel! Ask our truck to call today.
ATI
CROWN LAUNDRY
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES PHONE 4073
Follow All the
LATEST
WORLD WIDE
CURRENT EVENTS
in the
Purdue Exponent
Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Complete World Interpretation Coverage
f Subscribe Now
New Reduced Ratie - $2.25 Siibscribe at Union West Desk
S ^11’