Welcomes Ms Enroll Students To Sell Defense StaiA^ In Ag Short eoniso; In Union. WRH.
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Wfdkie May Gel' Big War }<>(> Sgpn; Ma Perkins Still Opj(^$es Hillman ^ASHINdTGN, Jah. 19.—There is a big war job in the works for Wendell Willkie. It will be the kind of work he likes and fop which he is particularly; fitted. The appointment will be offered him shortly. The matter was not discussed wjien the GOP chief went to the 'VVhite House last week because the President’s plans were still incomplete, Willkie’s visit was for another purpose, which cannot be disclosed for military reasons. , That purpose had nothing to do with naming him to a panel of War Labor Board “umpires,” a suggestion he indignantly rejected iis too inconsequential to consider. White House secretary Steve Early Was repsonsible for this boner, ,which enabled enemies of both Willkie and Roosevelt to make it appto tha1\a rift had developed bet^^eeri them. Early told newsmen that Willhie. w'ould be named an umpire, afthbugh Willkie did not discuss the matter with the President. , 7 , . The in^ideTact is that the panel of iimplfes is a subject of bitter' iiiiiifer'Adittibistration dispute. ; It’s a scheme cooked up by SecrS^ry Frances Perkins and is being hotly opposed by OPM labor chief Sidney Hillman and War Labor Board Chairman William Davis. Hillman blocked inclusion of the plan in the executive order creating the WLB, and thought he had it squelchecl. But Miss Perkins later revived it at the White House without Hillman’.s knowledge. The first he knew her scheme was kicking around again was when he read (Continued on page 4) Officials State Revision Of U S. Army Air Corps Entrance Regulations • Revision of the requirements for appointnient as aviation cadet in the Army Air Corps has recently been, put into effect, and applies to all phases of\qualification. The only change that has taken place in physical requirements is a lowering of the minimum height limit to five
feet.
Under the revised regulations, a new,minimum age of eighteen years for, applicants has been established, 'fhe old maximum age limit of twenty-six still applies. Married men are eligible for appointment, provided their dependents have sufficient means of support arid applicants sign statements to that effect. No evidence of. formal education, duch as a diploma, etc., is required, since all applicants must take the same qualifying educational examination. This examination is designed to establish a minimum level that might be met by a wellregd, injieiligent man whose education is/ pufficient to enable him to absorb and comprehend the technicM instruction of the aviation cadet course. In accovdftncc with the new instructions, applicants will appear before, Aviation Cadet Examining Bbkrds and will there be examined educationally and physically, and, if qualified, enlisted in the Air Corp.s and immediately appointed Aviation Cadets,’ Army of the United States. Fbi- complete information concerning appointments to appear before the Aviation Cadet Examining. Board, meeting at tfie University January 27 to February .1, application should be made to the Adjutant’s office in the Armory,
Opening with an address of welcome by Ben H. Petty, professor of highway engineering, the twenty-eighth annual Road School officially entered the first session of its four-day cOn-
Foresters' Club Will Sponsor Dance Jan. 30 Tickets for the fifth annual For--esters’ Ball, to be held in the South Ballroom January 30; will go on sale today, and may be purchased
fordsville, secretary of the Indiana Material and Equipment Freeman has announced thte follow- at the west desk in the Union, or
ing number in each, option: 23 in from members of the Forestry club, animal husbandry; 29, dairy produc- Dick Cisne and his band, advertion; 9, dairy manufacturers; and tised as the most traveled organ31, general agriculture. A few more ization. in the business, will furwere expected to. register late. nish music for the affair. Cisne’s Glasses stai-t this morning at 8 band, in past appearances on cama. m. and will close March 13. The pus, has found University students course is designed for those who are -a receptive audience, unable to complete the regular four Red Miller, Vocalist - year schedule, but who desire prac- Vocalizing activities for the band tical agricultuiral training during are taken care of, for the most part,
Ninety-two rural youths from Indiana and adjoining states have enrolled in the eight weeks winter short course offered by the School of Agriculture. The student'is, not permitted to select subjects from
ference yesterday afternoon at 1:30 in Room 201 of the Civil more than one course as each course Engineering Building. This year’s Road School has attracted is complete. First assembly was held state, county, and city highway men and officials from all sec- yesterday afternoon in Agricultural tions of the state. . , .. . . Following Professor Petty’s address, Walter O’Neil, Craw- optloS! and°ASSttSan vf a
Association, gave the response for ae roadmen. . H. J. SchnitziuS
The remainder of the. afternoon session’ was taken .up with discussions on “Life Characteristics of Highway Surface Types,” led by Prof. R. Winfrey of Iowa State College; “The Effect of Priorities on Highway Improvement,” led by C. M. Hathaway, engineer of construction of the Illinois State Highway Department; “Some Thoughts on County Road Work, County Parks, and the Value of the Wide Right of Ways,” led by George "W. Koronski, engineer-superintendent of the Gogebic County Highway Department, Bessemer, Michigan; and a general forum led by H. J. Schnitzius, landscape supervisor of the Indiana Highway Commission.
Priorities
In his discussion of the effect of
:m±] CALt
IS A CALL FOR DOLLARSI
the winter months vvhen they are
not busy.
Also Athletics
In addition to classwork, the short course student may participate in athletic, musical and other activities. Last year both an orche.stra and glee club were organized under
by Red (Jumbo) Miller, paunchy vendor of modern blues intei’pretations. Lloyd Strang fills in on the ballad numbers and Gene Robinson, the man- with the Donald Duck voice, does imitations and comedy songs. The twelye-piece band also fea-
faculty direction. The Winter Short 'novelty and semi-symphbnic
Course Agricultural Society plans and executes its own programs, and elects officers. At the end of the training, a bano.uet is held at which judging and athletic awards are
presented. Efficiency
numbers with the aid of a glee club 'and twin pianos played by Dick Cis-
ne and Bob Younger.
Backdrop for the Foresters’ dance will be a cartoon drawing showing a typical back-woodsman chasing a Jap with a huge double-edged axe.
landscape supervisor of the
priorities on highway construction'Indiana highway commission, led
this year, Hathaway said, “It must- one of the discussiofis periods in the o-eneral option offers the type Original drawing for the backdrop be realized that if you are going to opening Session of the Road School draining for farmers who wish to was made by a junior in the For.
' maximize, the efficiency of his farm, estry school, “Rip” Eadcliffe, who and increase its earnings under dif- is leaving the Uniifersity today 1,o ferent conditions. How to keep rec- join the Naval Reserve Air Corps
build high'waj's, or need to build ycste.fday afternoon. highways, it must be done with the ., ^
very, minimum of such critical materials as steel.” He then added, however, that he did not believe that higfiway construction and maintenance should he relegated to minor consideration, but that highways should be kept in good con. dition for instant use in the inter-
ests of national defense.
AWS Issues Callout To Freshman Coeds This Afternoon At 4
and go after
way. ■
the Japs in his own
oVds, be a farm mechanic and other general subjects are covered.
Animal husbandry is designed to Admission .to this dance will be teach good livestock production the usual mixer price of If 1.10. w.g.h.
methods. Dairy production course
eniphasizes the essentials of good ^iyil School ProfcSSOfS feeding and sound management _
Write Book On Surveys
By W. G. Hoskins Opportunity for students to give all-out aid for defense has been deyised by the newly formed Student War Council. 'The hitherto latent desire on the part of students to help in the nation-wide “Victory for the Democracies” program can ItOiv be turned into active participation by the purchase of defense
stamps.
The Student War Council, acting with the support an^ whole-hearted cooperation of the faculty, is beginning a
today for the sale of defense stamps. A booth has been set up in the Union opposite the Great Hall where students will be on duty every day from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m., and from 3 to 5:45, to facilitate the purchase of these stamps. The stamps will also be on sale in the Cashier’s office in the Executive building, in the WRH offices, and in the Cary
Hall post office. Selling Places
The location of these sellingplaces has been so arranged as to make it easy for a student to purchase a stamp each time he hapr pens to have some .sniall change; iphis pocket. The defense-staipiJsitpj be sold in the Union hootli stations will be of ten and'.tW£Si0|r five cent denominations, and/bctoklets will be provided free in ’Wliicfi to keep the stamps^ until enop^ have been acquired to trade thenviiv on a bond. ; ; Since the entrance of the United States into the war against totaU, itarianism, students and'pthhr pie unable, for one reason oFattpl^;. ev, to. participate actively; iff- '^difighting have’ found' tkat tiid/;i^ptg way to enlist their help is,;.tp.Sbuy; these defense stamps and. boiidh»; the proceeds of which go tp -'tfeT government for the purehasp /Cf/
Dig deep. Strike hard. Our, boys Aeed the planes, ships, and guns which your money will hdip
to buy.
Go to your bank, post office, or savings and loan association. Tell them you want to buy De. fense Bonds regularly, starting
now.
Managers To Plan Topics, Time, Plate Representatives of all houses desiring to enter the. annual discus-
AWS callout for freshman work- ,. mu . i u^ „
practices. There has been a special
Last night in the west faculty ers will be held this afternoon at demand for this type of training, , , ,
lounge of the Union, A. A. Potter, 4 jn the AWS office in the Union, along with those in the dairy man-
dean of the Engineering Schools, « M. W; Todd of the school of Civil
presided over a smoker sponsored by Chi Epsilon, honorary civil en-
I’ganization ufactuves course
will be explained and freshmen will learn of the opportunities opened
to them as workers.
Agnes McCulloch, president of AWS, will give a general survey of the work of this organization and Mary Ellen Scarff, vice president, will tell of the orientation work. Kay Mageau will s.jjeak on duties
gineering fraternity. Films of various phases of highway work were shown at this tin^e and were supplemented by the reading of some of James Whitcomb Riley’s poems by Prof. George E. Davis, director of teacher licensing at the Univer-*
sity.
Separate Sessions
Today separate sessions will be held in both the morning and aft-
ernoon, tor four-divisions of the the residence committee.
Road School delegates. The state highway maintenance men will hold their meetings in room 363 of the Union, the state hig’hwa5’’ construction men will meet in the west faculty lounge of the Union, the county road supervisors will take over the east faculty lounge, and the joint session of city engineers, traffic engineers and coiinty surveyors will convene in room 201 of the Civil Engineering Building, a.p.h.
tomorrow .\('here he will address the
of the office committee, Harriet department^ will he-in Toledo, 0.,
Simons will describe the work of the activities committee, and Eleanor Serban will outline tlie work of
Engineering are joint authors with Professor Harry Rubey, University
of Missouri, of a new-textbook de- ““''Y
voted entirely to the field of sur-
veys.
The new book, called “Engineering Surveys,” is just coming froin the presses of the Macmillan Piihlishing Company. It presents the
of the farm management latest knowledge in survey work and
Registration last year reached a totgl of 176 farm men. Entrants inust be at least,eighteen years old, and must have a good common
school education, a.l.w.
sion tournament will meet Thursday war equipment. , afternoon at 4 p. m. in room 303 of FDR Said ; , the Union, to determine the topics As President Roosevelt hq-s Sfai*.. to be discussed. The tournament is ed, the wai’’will require sa^ififeie^; open to any fraternity, sorority, Co- not only from the men in the' Si^Vt; , op, Cary Hall, or other independent ice, but from each citizen in; the. house who cares to enter a team, country. Rather than eliniiniate/enTppics tirely the social activities on According to Bob Riester, pub- pus to prevent the J5qukndering-,{>l licity director of the Forensic Board, money by students, the War Goutitopics to be discussed will relate to cil has instituted this drive, for the
7. K. Cowden
world;affairs and their relation to
gen-
eral field will be divided into six
different sections.
The tournaments, with one round
sale of defense stamps. The function of the drive will be to allow students to make their sacrifices by giving up an occasional coke or movie in order to purchase a stamp.
for each heading, will be held-at R- B. Stewart, comptroller, of tlie various fraternities and sororities. Uf'Nersity says, “Not only is this
provides a newly organized approach to the subject with relation
annual meeting of the Ohio Milk to engineering ti-aining. The books Dealers Association on “Inflation are for use in college or university
and Dairy Prices.” work, w.g.h.
Louisiana Take Up
University Professors Bicycling Between Classes
By Stan Wolf
semester quizzes, are still very much ligations, and have enlisted in the “It helps us keep our youthful of a reality on that campus. Navy or Army.
Frosh Coeds To File AWS Job Petitions Freshmen women who are interested in AWS activity work are urged to present a petition for can-
didacy for freshman representative animal husbandry men deserted of the Associated' Women' Students their automobiles to save their rubfor the second semester. The peti- ber tirhs for national defense,
tion, complete with twenty-five sig- Part Of Defense
Five Points Program
Students at Michigan State Col
figures.” Thins expressed ■ thenir solves: four college professors at Louisiana State University when they announced that they would take up bicycle riding between
classes. Th'eir figures weren’t the tion. The College’s five-point
only determining factors, though.
Aid Morale
Down at Austin, Texas, home of
a way to defend your country, blit one of the best and safest ways'to save your nioney.” The booth to be set up in ihe. Union will function under the direction of Barbara Ann Adkins^ member of the Student War Gouhcil and chairman of defense stamps and bonds, will be operated entirely by students who have seen fit to sacrifice their time and effort itt this drive. The sub-committee ih charge of the booth will consist of Harry Hudson, Marilyn Fifieid; Mary and Margaret Wert, and BoH
Hawkinson.
III lYlUOilL nan Ml i J^^^ny organizations on camp#. Third in the series of Little Movie alieady voted to donate thelh Convos, sponsored by the Student which had been reseryed.foF
A seven-man team, headed by a cliairman from the debate department, will go to each house. The team.s entered by each house may consist of from one to five members.
Deadline Thursday
Thursday of this week will be the deadline for entrance, and the tournament will be held about the first week in February, w.g.h. Little Movie Convos To Present 'Talkies'
lege will be given the opportunity the University of Texas, the stu- ® e P-Urc as^, ^ to attend classes for policemen, dents and townspeople are planning 7:30^ in the Music Hall. The e. nse oats, n o er* campK#a
firemen, air raid wardens, airplane the city’s first blackout, scheduled •spotters, and in first aid instruc- for 9:30 p.m. tomori'ow night. Stu-
de- dents are cooperating to make it
theme for the convo will be “The
'Talkies.”
Pour Pictures
fonse pi'og'ram include-s the sale of successful. Officials on the staff of The program will consist of four defense bonds and stamps and the the Daily Texan, campus newspa- which show the develop-
siimilar driven, for the sale of, .d# fense stamps have been imtlate# and have pi-oved oven moi’C sne-r
cessfiil than antiCipatedl
establishment of an Army and per, have decided to send copies of
ment of the use of sound in movies.
natures, must be presented by Fri-
day at 6 p. m. They will be accepted, versity. And the same thing is go
along with a photograph of the candidate, at the AWS office in the
Navy blood bank at the college hospital. Students will voluntarily of-
So goes it at Louisiana State Uni- fer their blood. And out at University of Califor- department.
Princeton men are following
the daily to draftees and enlisted Bernard Shaw ” the first „ Fo-if Mnviptonp Npwfs ” ilnist.fatps
men from the campus. The purpose, of coui’se, is to aid the army morale
Fraternity Advise , Hold Meeting idnii
ing on in a gigantic defense effort nia in Los Angeles, heart of the at all of the nation’s colleges and dangerous west coast area, stu-
Union, or by Agnes McCullough at universities. Since the declaration dents have already been canvassed of war on Dec. 7, particularly, the as-to w^at type of civilian defense train men physically, as well
colleges are doing more every day work they would like to go into, to aid America lick the Jap.s and Every student at the University
rotate the Axis through the angle was presented with a questionnaire defense program will take the “Phy theta. to find out his preference. Classes alcal Fitness” cqurse.
the Wood Hall office.
Each petition should read as follows: “Wo, the undersigned, do hereby nominate for the position of freshman representative on the AWS Executive Board for the second semester of the year
1941-42.”
Elections (for the representatives
will be held on Wednesday, Jan. 28, training program, for from 10 a. m. to 6, p. m. in the lobby have adopted the three-semester
of the Union. All freshman women plan. Seems as tliougli they fear proximatcly ten per cent of the may vote iipoi showing their pass- that the students won’t learn the students on tlvo campiis have alports. stuff without finals, though, as the ready gone beyond their student ob-
Fox Movietone News,” illustrates the oldest motion picture form, the newsreel. “Hands,” the second film,
is notable because of its use of only ^ hands for expression. Fraternity Advisors’Coufx<;u,\Vt||;;
program similar to that adopted Another German production, meet for dinner at 6 this evening ii'| here at the University last year, to “Maedchen in Uniform,” is the third the Kappa Sigma house. Frate#'ll^.
feature. This story of girlhood did presidents are invited to attend IK®"
mentally. All students registered much to convince critics of the value important -business raeeting^ whiiSif uncler -Princeton s new accelerated of sound in motion pictures. “Alpine will follow at 7 p.m. - V-. :
Climbers,” a Walt Disney film, com- Charles MeCabe, chsu'itivqtt qf; pletes the program. The Disney film committee appointed to invesH^Stlq;
Even our lowly chums down at in civilian defense similar, to those There you have it. East, west, and “Hands” will replace “Ferdi- fraternity problems arisinj? - I. U. aie doing something about the at Michigan State will be offered, north and south, students and fac- nand the Bull” which was original- the war situation, will make--r#. situation. They seemed to have This effort to enlist every student ulties at colleges and universities ly scheduled, but which could not port. The many sei'ious proljlei#liked our move ■ to condense our in .some kind of defense work is all over the country are doing their be obtained. caused’oy the war and the r«SBltite»-
they, too being sponsored by student service all to help the nation in its war- Subscribers Only , change in the Univers;ity sch^tjte' organizations on the campus. Ap- time difficulties. Purdue was one of The doors of the Music Hall will will be discussed, at
the leaders in the movement, offer- open at 7 aiid only movie convo sub- dent E. C. Elliott, Deah & ing defense courses, and speeding scription members will he admitted or, and Controller up its scholastic year. to this program, t.m.d. will be guests at thef".
aiid thdii the students get to feeljln^ pro^d of’^l^heie Unfversity.'-They like te see il Start' siftnetWing ne^y*^t!r a job faster and better than other schools, and then itjcelve rCcogTiition for what it has done. They vyahtv'tp.be'ablG to boast about Purdue and sefriits name in print. i^^eiy. the; University administrators have been complimented in many parts of the counti^pr the rapidity with which they adjusted th^school to war conditions. College papers featured articles' on Pui-due’.s new streamlihpd-' schedule. In fact, one easteni university carried an editorial explaining in detail the new system and asking why their administrators couldn’t do something as efficiently as Purdue had. When we read all of these articles, we felt that bur University had done as good a job as any in the country, and was receiving the credit it deserved. Then we read an editorial in •yesterday morning’s Indianapolis Star. This editoi'ial was titled “University War SeheduleSi.” and we hoped to find some com-inent-on Purdue’s war-time plans. Instead 99 per Cent-was devoted to the University of in-* diana’s plans for education during the war emergency, which were adopted just this last weekend. The I.U. plan is-much like Purdue’s \yhlch was adopted two weeks ago. However, the writer of this editorial said that Indiana’s changes are “more extensive than-plans so far announced by other Hoosier schools.” Piir-due was- mentioned in only one sentence,-
which said that this school was the first to' organize a war council and was now ■‘studying schedule revisions to' strfeainlines-'COin^Siesj* for production, particularly' iof;';engiheei*S'.” Evidently editorial writers of fheTTiidiahapolis Star aren’t as aware of what goes on in their own state as newspaper men in New, York or California; If they had made any- effort to find out what is happening in “other Hoosier schools,” they would have learned that Purdue was “studying schedule reyis-^ ions” one week after the attack on;Pearl Habbor. Before ChristrUas a plan was adopted for eliminating final, examinations for the first semester, and the students were notified of the change in schedule during Christmas'vacation; Two weeks ago thn University ' announced the sHeamline'd schedule of Classes for the next year, so it is = evident that we have passed the “studying ■ schedule revisions” stage. The UniVeTsity officials have done an excellent job of prescribing’ways* and' means for student's to' cooperate in* the coun-’ try’s war effort, but evidently', some people don’t know abd.ut them. It seems to us that the Indianapolis StaY and the rest of the Indianapolis papers had better take a look at a map of- Indiana and notice that there is a state university sixty miles north Of their city, and it isn’t a branch of I.U. It’s time that they learned that one of the “other Hoosier schools” has adapted itself to-the war emergency faster and Uiore efficiently than most of the other colleges and universities in the country.
ROME-
-TOKYO-
-BERLIN
^Sobidinj^ Jim ChdL
811X39-
-0A>I01-
-3WOX
living- through this pa.st weekend, we’re I'eatiy for anything-^the army, PEM 12, or even a ridyt (in a tanker in the -Atlantic. At the.dance Saturday inght—we felt like we were back in one of Hdoverjs bread-and-.soup line.s. We haven’t heard of so muelvphysical torture .since the French took their last .shot at a Nazi officer. It was a swell dance, a swell baftd, and if you desri’t believe there were a thousand coilpl'es there—we’ve got the bruises to prove it. When \y(; got up yesterday morning we picked up the_ newspaper, and, after looking to see how many pla.nes Joe Palooka shot down while we slept — we turned .to the front page to see whether it was our turn or, the Japs to sink an enemy ship. It was on this page we saw the date-line that read * “WITH THE U. S. A. P. F. E. ON BATAN PENINSULA.”
After one look at that we took another aspirin and looked'again. It was still there. —X—--Next we thought it might be a misprint (some newspapers make mistakes!) so we got out Our Webster’s gift to the English teachers and tried to decipher this newest contribution of Roosevelt’s save paper campaign! After writing to our Congressman (he’s head of the alien regiseration board or better known as the R(jpublicah who hasn’t been offered a Cabinet job )and got the following military secret —USAFPE. means—United States Armed Forces in the Far East. . . or Unless Singapore’s Armies ngnt.fnot flight) Faster—Eternity! From now on the go'vernment may be putting out ration cards for everything. You can’t get a car tp go anyplace; you can’t get rubber soles or heels for your shoes—so you can’t walk; if you did get anywhere they wouldn’t have cokes or, other distilled beverages---a few more rationing acts and we’ll be driven to study. Burma’s Premier U Saw has been seized by the British for plotting with the Japanese. The English are. going to make sure that this Saw makes no more “cutting” remarks. )-.t.c.
..Simpso?t-Smith Here ' is ■ a little soiUething' that we rah across some weeks ago, but just never got-around to mentioning it. Gus Kahn and Carmen' Lombai’d'o are responsible foi^ it, howevei* don’t let the last, naihe fool you because this is i*eall'y' g; good hunk of miisid'. “.Sometimes” is the title and Sammy Kaye’s is the band. The whole idea is kinda sad and lonesome, but oh so soft and lovely. Toinm-y Ryan ■ ha.s the vocal inter-' ludte' in this haunting ballad. On the back, you’ll find an old nunfbei’■ frohr the' rnupicipal edmedy “Jubliee”; caMted ‘'iBegin The Beguine.” Kaye uses his choir from the'.'.start to the: finteli on the disc. The- Kayemen form a .subtle* swing and sway background for Tommy Ryan who has the lead. This bit of recjording is . old Sammy’s best job 'since he started using* the male chorus idea. , iWOW'" We’re at it again—and the reason is none other than that glorious, that marvelous' Dinah Shore. Her hit this time is a snappy little number titled “Happy , In Love.” She dig's .it ever so lightly—just enough to ma'k'e'it right for anything. If dictionaries •were larger, maybe there would bo some word.s to use in describing her voice, but you know how it is—just luscious with stuff. When you look on't’other side you’ll find one of your favorites, “Everything I Love.” Just the right thing for both of you and the bum room —but then again—maybe you can’t dance to it. P. ,S.: Just. a little tip. Dinah has just made a recording of “I Don’t Want To Walk Without You” and it should be hadable next week. When Tommy Dorsey appeared with the RCA Victor Dance Cara, . van; in Detroit, first item on Tommy’s busy schedule at 10 a. m. was a parade througli downtown Detroit i . . the ,motoi*cade proceeded down Detroit’.s busiest throiighfare with police sirens screaming, horns blasting and thousands , of Detroiters lininc- the sidewalks waving and gapiirg, Tommy leaned back in his seat of honor in the first car—fast asloei)!
The Ratio. 3.9»
• f
Classes In Red Cross Life
fact that brother James has spent 196 hours with his latest heart-
throb, Marge “Smoke ’er out” > '' t Greer. C. G. and D Q. are at a loss SaVIHg BegiHS TOmOrrOW
for ways and means to keep Jim in at night. Mainly because it would mean they’d have to stay in to do it.
The Pi Phi’.s finally .started taking pins again after a brief lay-off. Friday, Marge Leonard took Bill Raider’s Phi P.si pin;. Saturday, Warren “Honey” Seaborg placed his Theta Chi pin on Betty"Ward; and Sunday, Jean Thiierk finished off the week-end festivitie.s by taking Rudy Katteman’s Pi Kappa Phi emblem. Now there are only nine (count ’em) goon children left without pins over there at the iceberg. The Alpha Chi’.s still stayed in the race, though, when “Pinky” RaRard accepted the SAE pin of Dick Dill. Thcise gals I'cfu.se to be beat; Lanibda Chi Kenny Smock put out his pin r(2cently on an old flame of his down.Naptown way. The gal is Nancy McMurray and now goes to .school in Illinois. The self-apointed guai-dians of Phi.Delt proxy Jim Waller—namely, C. G. Tafel and Dougla.s Q. McDaitiel—recently made public the
The telephone rang over at “Ned’s place” (the Theta Chi house to the imknowning) the other day and the call went out for “Lover” to come to the phone. There was a mad stampede, but Ted Theodose won out over Frank Freiherr in a clo.se i*aee. Must be great to be a romeo. The Phi Mu’s sure arc lucky gals; Jim Orton .said, did, oi* was doing something to his gal “Buttons” Burton the other evening when she piped up with; “Oh, Jim! This is so seldom!’* Hmmm. Another crack we heard coming out of ME 103 was one of the disillusioned boys muttering; “I don’t know my assets from a hole in the ground in that course.” Ouch. The Thetas refuse to let the Kappas get away with everything, so not to be outdone in the matter of putting out their pins, Jane Roberts put her pin on Sigma Phi Epsilon’s gift to whoever wants him —Stanley “Cuddles” Matthews, better known as “Dimiiles.” Bertie Cole is grief-stricken as a result of down and gave his “Iniart” to Jan.
Tomorrow and every Wednesday thereafter there will be a class in Red Cross Life Saving from 7 to 9 p. m. Any good swimmer who wishes to obtain a Rad Ci’oss Life Saving Certificate may register for the course, for which credit may be obtained if desired. An advanced class, under the instruction of Miss Marion Russell of the Women's Physical Education department, will also be held. Red Cross Life Saving Certificates must be renewed eyery year, and in■structors in camp.s must have advanced training in life saving
courses.
this. Ycjsterday “Dimples" broke We hear there was quite a party over at the Fowler hotel Saturday night. A soroi'ity convention or something like that was the cause of it. The conventions over on this side were never like that. Definitely
not. -
For this week’s candidate for .“Burning the candle at both ends,” we nominate “Willie” Meyer of the SPE mob. He bus his blind date Margie. Nunn from the lU game up for the week-end. And him with a “one and real thing” in LaCrahge. Nice work while it lasts.
fiwidim pxpmmrdb All-Americaii' 1940-^41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of .March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Se.sslon. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $1.00.
Edilor-in-Chicf. N«#» liditor.: ttavrtv j^ditor
Ned A. Ochiltree Jlusiness Manager..;,... ..John L. Traugott Managing Editor.. Phii Johnaon Coed Editor...:
Don S. Powers ..Leland W. Kulfner Kuth Kose
Publication Staff JBdllorial Staff: J. F. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, ,, K. E. Hadi.y, E. I. Jones, E. G. Kieper, Shorts staff: p. T, Clarlt, J. I). l'ia.ser, J, S. Keeier. ‘Cotd Staff ; :i6ary K, Boynton, Aiice Chatfield, Jane Ramsdeil. '*- ■ - ‘ Associate Editors
Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Donna Siess : Office Manager: Lee Bossong. Loeai Advertising Managers: K. tC. Gjemre. II. E. Saxton; (Jrculation Manager: W. T. Beil; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin,
Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Kepresentative-s, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
|iirbl Editor: Kieper ilaue Editor: Ola-pie
Day Editor: Chatfield Sports Editor; Fraser
Reporters: A. I*. Hunter, W. J. Dvorak, A. L. Wicitard, T, M, Davis, M. J. l-uui-r, it. M. Ford, C. Wilbur, J. Fountaiiie, M. 1.. Rigg.s, M. E, Eidtslein, W. G. Hoskins, S. H, Wolfe, A. itiggii, R. E, Fuiclier. .
Seniors taking engineering pi* underclassmen expecting* to drop put of school follPwing this semester, may apply for any of the nine defense courses during next week in the Service and Stores Building. This specialized training which is given in the short intensive courses' may be taken ;.;in addition ' to the regular cuiTiculurn of elN gible students, but will' *'ndt eouiit as coilege credit toward graduation, said Pi'of; G. W. Beese; director of the University defens^’training* program.- Those finishing thev.cbuVses will be able to enter more'a'dyhhced industrial work than would otherwise be possible. ■ ■ Evening ClasSeS Defense classes now being' offered on Monday and Wednesday nights are fundamentals of engineering drawing, meeting in room - 201 of Michael Golden Shops, under the' direction' of Prdf. S. S. Efltdd-; prodUctiPn sup'ervisibn, room' 304, Chemical Engineering Building, A. M. Bramblett, teacher; production metallurgy, room llO, Cheinieal Engineering, E. C. Biiller; physical metallurgy, room 111, Chehf-' leal Engineering, T. F. McCormick; and industrial safety, room 101, Michael Golden shops. Prof, R. W. Lindley. Meeting* on Tuesday and Thursday nights in a class in direct current electrical engineering in room 216, Electrical Engineering' bui'ld'ing, under J. R. Clai*k; and a course in alternating* electrical engineering, in room 115 under Prof. L. E. Beck, w.c.j. . Prof. E. R. Menefee . federal supei*visoi* of the U. S. Inspection Service, has returned from Columbu.s, 0., where'he met with repi'esentatives of the Secretary of Agriculture to discuss the inspection of e,ggs to be purchased by the Government and exported to the army.
TODAY - TOMORROW - 2 FIRST RUN HITS - The Lady With the Devil In He'r Heart! Startlingly DIFFERENT DRAMA! WILLIAM OIETERLE
pstimiiiioH
•wish
Edward ARNOLD • Walter HUSTON Jane DARWELL • Simone SIMON Gene LOCKHART • John QUALEN 4nd Anne SHIRLEY • James CRAIG — PLUS —
RKO
RADIO
Its FuhNever Weakens!
RKO RAOKJ) Piclure with Dennis O'KEEFMane WYATT-Philip REED • Edward Everett HORTON ZaSu PITTS • Franklin PANGBORN
WALTER PIDGEON MAUREEN O'HARA
It’S all youth, for lllflii'iry * and songs ■\ ■■ Amerk'a! '
Kh FAY BAINTEd VIRGINIA RAY RICHARD WEIDLER. McDonald • quine Ru?//i\ DONALD ALEKANDER 1^ J meek . WOOLLCOr,
AFTER YOU —WE COME FIRST
525 Ahibunia St.
Phone' 404ft
r ■si LxfUfs YMCA N’ext Saturday meitifeers of'the fioilerrjiafcdr squash is cohcefnfedv blvt. Statetr 'thht' the' tedittj will journey to Stij Louis this/best bet for the five men ^o make ^ve^-end ;Mifiiere! they- wilt epfedge'; the triji'would' be ^ilfB^ JesSd in tf q evefits on Saturday, Jqhuafy; Fant' Norm Goldstein, Ed Wells and YAtGi^fc and-• participation in the old liitidUD Western-Squash Racquets A-ssOcia-> V , , j? xi: - j- jt) ” Judging from the performance of ' . the^e meii in ia,st Satui*da;^’a'. vicFir^l Meeting gygj, combined squads of S£^urda;^%' match With’ -the St. Guifef 'Cddbts ahd Offiiier.S, ini^hi'ch' Louis YiJrcA will mark the first: Goldsteini and■ Fant each won a timjl';'the IliveterS''ha^'d’''evfei‘ Met ''match' and Bond emerged on top thisK group on the • eburt, ;^d in 'tSi^'-inatbhb^ this ten^ lihe^ strS|gely enough- the coach' of the up should proye very sSmilai* to the^ St. ^ouis squad is Forrest Fields, actual one. captain of the Boilermaker squash Povgoine refiSon squash is a sport teaih in 1938. ^bat has not found much favor in ■iPhe Western Squash Racquets the Western Conference sports Association is made up of 'a large/ schedule :and', approximately only group of midwestern athletic clubsi half of .the Bjff Ten schbdJS haye who each year meet in some/prbin-; squash team^. Besides Chicagi), inept city to hold their annual elim- whom the Riveters tied 3 to 3 in indtion tournament. their only conference match to Toh iCompetition datje, the only othei' Big 'Ten Minneapolis, Chicago, Cincinnatti, schools on our,schedule are Northand'Detroit all send representative western,and Michigan, tearhs to the meet that St. Louis Mdrti Matchfe^ ,y ■ is playing host to this year. In the Following the matches in St. pasi, as often as possible, the Boil- Louis this week-end the Boilerermaker teams' have'always'enter- makers travel: to Culyet'for a reed the meet even though the com- turn meet with the Cadets on JanIjetition is considerably higher than uai y 31, and then they once more is encountered in collegiate play. re.sume conference competition with Mi-. Clevett has nothing definite a match at Northwestern on Feb. in'mind so far as traveling squad 7. r.w.d;
BEGINNEf^^S CLAS$ FOIt tAOIES ANiy GENTL^IeN Opens Wed., }an. 28, 7:30 TO EXPERIENCEb DANCERS Advanced GlasS Opens j Thurs., Jan. 29, 7:30 p. m. | P. M. Allen,' Nationally known J Instructor. Phone 2150 | ENROLL NOW < t t ALLEN’S r>th and Ferry ;
^biieThrtalc^ ' .. Wj^EE'B’AB, just a week from last night the Boilei’inakers will face the'cul’ydht'nuViiber' two feabfi: in the league, Minnesota, in whEit will be. one of the hardest, if not the hardest, hoine game of the season. Despite the fact that leading scbrer Don Carlson has been inducted into the army,; the yetefah' Gopher team is still I'ated as one of the smoothest in the conference. Said Branch McCracken, Hoosier mentor, of this team, which severely trounced his own team last week, “Thfey were the greateMilteam on that, night that I’ve ever seen ...” Just think of the teahfe'that Brdhch has seen^'both a's a. player and a coach. ' ► N^e Meaif Yciii Talking, But We. . . An^ Whereas AND WHEREAS, a certain Robert Meyhy;.'’United;:'PregS"’Writeyi,nqw fit to let the public know something todhe.effCct that.Bigigy Lamheft hds ortdof his greatest teams this , year that he hag ever had, except'that they lack courage and fight. ►r Cheer Efficiency Is Declinihigj" And AND WHEREAS, the cheering efficiency of .BdilerhiMiief: fans; who used to hold the reputation for having the best cheering sessions in the country, have been decidedly on the decHnh during'the'pa^.fe'wyyears. In Tact, we’fe getting to be the calmest crowd in the country. ► Cheer For Victory Night IT HAS BEEM;BEB0LVED, by the cheer squad and by the Gimlet, Reamer, and Gold Peppers athletic boosster clubs that next Mondiay evening wifi be set aside for a special cheer night to really see what can be clone with the Boilermaker fans really putting their heart into the thing to get behind a team which has been branded'as ■without cofirage. , Head Cheer leader Dick DeGm’mo will lead all the chSers personally, '..Everyone is urged, to bring their loudest bells, whistles; and a strong 'Voice' (plus a genbrous supply of Luden’s cough drops)'. For on this night the entire facilities <»f the Boilermaker cheering'secition is going to get behind the team to show them just how much theV are beihg sup-poi-ted. Let’s make Monday-night the beginning of an attempt to'regain Boilermaker cheering supremacy.
Lengthy Session inds
a wm’H periotf h diilf ' Piggj' Ltobert’^s Bafleiroa^^ hdrdwood 3auG<l,wa» ^ ' gbal anipiMg in last night’s praciice. 'Fhe 6o}d-asiKS Blaekcbi^' ; ke(tball'sqhad waS: given A six day re^t fdlldvHnt' tlte dianh^ds^Va'^eek a'^ Mdhday, but began strenudus'iifflfeTitf^’ prfepatafioii foi* the Minrtesbta' 6n.^laugHt, expS^tftedf" 4 FMdhbu^e next MpM^yV January^ ^ ' ‘ ^
Behind'Gophers ' ; ■ ‘
Standing in 'second place in the Western Cohfetence fitld race;_S^i[V' ing foui' 'Wins and a single loss, the Gophers have edged ddt ■fife' makers, who, idle foi* the’ past Week, can account victoHes as compared to one defeali * >■> « f‘ ; Yesterday evening’s' hard drill Session plainly indicates'that Lambert and the'Rivetef netters werfe priming for an6fh^ Vf^i^i*’dt^:l the team daeinbfers spent a long timd on warin-ups and .. Piggy directed the passing drills: wearing a coat and hat Becaui'e .^’i^fc' chilly atmopSherS irt' the Pieidhou8e,;but every member wai haildifi'g' tiip;^ ■,„i- ■ gaginnw’''' .■■ ■,(■'‘--C.;’/. ■
flaVdJrill ■ i '''"'i."
Urtder-the-basket work and breaks trimmed off sonic of
I'ough edges developed oiyeT Vtfed" short vacation and: it atppeared-iKr^ % though the' L'ambert attttek? shaa#-'-
IMv S<dh©dtiles
. BASKETBALL Tuesday, Jatnfary; 20
Court 1
7 :00 Phi Kappa Tau
mmocm a^AdS^ii^i : s i? “c!
forward, has been a big factor in the recent successes of the-Cham-paign quintet. Against a helpless
Alpha Tau Ome- picked' Up evetl more stieed And jliff
-BO. (Quarter Final) . _ - x, . , / 7 :15 Acacia vs Alpha Chi Eho ,. . , than displayed already this iScgSolfer'
the latter'part of drill,
ken' and: Frosty: , “old' Telfahles”:
BaJhard and GatdS xx, . , - , » x •
Court 2 - . . „ . Blanken'and: Frosty -
• =“" two -‘old' Teliabiest’ v at fim»
University of' CKiCagh teaM last 8=i5 as'gi^rds;',andrAlvMeiE^
Saturday, HocBug wa. in l.ug C.« r7,. 7!'!“
rndU*h- fc ainr thraa baak.ts in a 1 iS Sir agamat tha roaehraa.
„ „„ , . / . To'datevthc'Bhflerin’amrha^^-
8:00 Phi Kappa Vfe Phr'Kappa Psi' ' ’ , ,, ’ , , „
8:15 Pi Kappa Alpha vs ,Pi Kaiipa.i?hi ball sqUadV defeated’but'Once Hi'Ifti' Court tercoliegihti coftipSttfiOn thl^/SdSi. 7 :00 Phi Kappa 1*30 vs rhi befta ThCta son_. hnS- aVAFatroJI'.'.hAPfiir' v" a.',:
7 :16 Sigin'ii Alpha Epsilon Vs Sterna Alpha'
■' 'MU.‘.
8 :00 ' Steina'Chi’VS Sigrria Nii8:16 Sigipa, Phi EpSiloh ,yp Sigmii^Pi. : Ratferty (All "B” Practice Garhes)
game that featured the use of 20
Illinois squad Mienibers.
CARy HaLL BOWLII«J
6:30 C. H. 1 vs. C. H. 2. C. H. 5 vs. C. H. 6. C. H. 9 vs. C. H. 10. C: H. 13 vs. C. H. 14. 8:30 C. H. 3 vs. C. H. 4. C. H. 7 vs. C. H. 8. C. H. 11 vs. C. H. 12.
TABLE TENNIS Tuesday, January 2# .i-.n, , r Phi Delta vs Phi 'kappi' / Sterna'Chi y? Winner uf,Above Acacia, vs Phi Gamma urita. , Lamb'da 'Chi Alph'a vEi'Beta-Sterna Psi Phi Kappa Tail vs Pi Kappa Ph( ;. . ., Winhoi' tb Play 'Winner of'Above Match 4;4'5 . Kappa Sigma vs SteWii.’Phi Epsilon Delta Tail Delta vs Thefa Chi , Theta-Tati vs Alpha Kapp'a Lariibda Theta Xi ys Tau Kappa Epsilony Delta Upsilori vs Phi Kappa Psi' Alpha Chi Rh6 vs Signta. Nu ’ Triangle vs Winner of .Above Alpha Gamma Rho' vs Sifima Pi
DAd’s Place
POPCORhtCXllO'HI iSe'
so
Hershey Kisses, in bulk, 30c per lb.
HANDY
Furnas Ice Cream Pint 15c
MAM. CODKS
II Too many bills, like too many cooks can spoil things for you: If you want I to keep your expense account down, [.s! II get the Union Habit. In the Union ll I you can meet all your friends. Bowl, I^Read, Putter, or joe —all within limits of your pocketbook.
EDGERTON HDV/E., INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS anct SUNCrihiiS FLOOR POLISHERS arid SANDERS^ fob RENT Phone 4354 >^e Dlliver
GomfoTt and Security Away trom Home HOTEL FOVVlJEp Blue Blazer Tap Room Walijjjtj^^pjn Cafe Air Conditioned - 4th and Ferry Sts. ,, , Lafayette
son, has avefage’d-betftef ■ tfikit point a minute iii niaftMg’-Ak^bfif-':
for the 1942 Whst'erit’
title.' - s i
Potqftf’Offense
In ten games; ificluding the defeat the staT‘MjdSide'j;’;G^^^ Lakes Training Station" quilitet,;aftdf ’ theiY Tedefit ’dd^e** bqt Hob^ieTs, thh' EiW6tb)?S-;ha^ev|^^ii^^, a total; hf 43'7 points ’ as'’ to the- 3i0 f«m’ th^' hjl^b'Sitidit/’Pps;: figures to slightly point edge'for eabh gafce^g^itgtj^''’ fair victory margin;; , 7 ,; yeteran SprqwlLas aceduht^ for 28 pel- cent of that ASf 'tqtah s^*: . ing 73 points in nop-cohfet'ehce.lroih--petition and SI in Ithe title “Mcerpr.: a total of 124 points, Acimi^mg ^ that Frosty’has ah average-el ' ter than 12 points for fiTOry' ■this yeqr. Folio^ng SprowLihlM^^ season’s scoring so fhr hfe Caiglaiiy Blanken with 79; Ai Menke; 64, and Mickey Tierney, 49. ., <-
Scoring Data
Complete scoring data: oh”ttte Boilermakers for .the i94J-42sMfcs-ketball season is listed beloW;- . -^^^ ; Player' Non ConS|»4mce“” : ' FG ,.:FT. TP.i;:EGi FT* TO aa 7'^r-V> . -h r'Hl '
WmtjcYiiaL T^mofL The Corner of the Campus—— Yet the Center of Activities
Decorate Your Horne * with hew Pv; Spring Flnwers" Brighten your living and dining room's with new; ; artificial Spring flowers, you'll be surprised how • much they aid in overcoming the dullness of dreary Winter days. Choose frorn our newly, arrived collection ... Apple Blossoms -— Sweetheart Roses ■ Snake Roots — Panics — Tu.lips.:—Iris Morning Glories — Daisies —Jonquils — Narcissus Candytufts -— Asparagus. Ferps Ivy and Philadendrons
Each Spray at
Ramber Roses - Fuchsias — Stocks •
■ Lilies of the Valley ■ Double Shirby Poppies
Each Spray at
10c
25c
NEW SELECTION OF CENTER PIECES $1.19 and $2.-19 Choice of Apple Blossoms, Cosmos, Iris and Daisies, Magnolias, Hytiiscus, Anemones and many others.
ART GOODS, THIRD FLOOR
Last Nighi’’s’'2cor^s'' Illiiiolk. 42;"liiw&J 35. Miiuihsdta; 52;;Chicaigi>; 28; ' Oriia Stat^'Si ; VVi^^uhkiltg-SS; MiCfegaiif 3^;
WINTER SHORT GOURSE
UaED and MEW BOOKS and SUSPOES
Across from the Union Building M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R.’W; «Doc’^ Eiiplfe, ’40
STANOfisfiGS '-' ' ■ ■ ■ ■ Wr LT' Illindis 5 O' Minnesota'.. 5 1 PURDUE- 3 1 Northwestern ..... 3 3 Iowa...... 3 3 Wisconsin..................... 3 3 Indiana 2 2 Ohio State ; 2 3 Michigan l 5 ■ Chicago o '' ’ g
■ Pet'.. ; .8^
.fiOO .40^ :0#
All fraternity - freshmen; ' ested in working towards A tion as Intramucai Magag^fji^' port to the Intcam«ir«d 4 o’clock tomorrow* January 21. .
J.C,B6tium ^ . . . of the farm nianageateh^f^l^ *' partment reported noon before the faiTiv mairiig^^nkf:;-, staff on the annual Naliyiif 'Pi^ ;'i Outlook Conference; Which- nti - ' tended last week in Waslj^gim,. D. C, He dischsse(i the varfdh^ 4iira^ \ goals set forth and 'thd.vkiihus hoi-' 5 tlenecks which may behiei' in iheql-: ; ing the goals in agrijiultiae;;
I’’ I- , i 119Y2 fillllllllllllllllllllllHItmimilHMHIMIttlW^^
lUlllHii^nwTt> . i
liB^ I
i^'''''i^l^:C^-£<»tinif n^^ws'accounts of tho story put out bjr JElarly. , 4» Meiililting Fanny The umpire scheiwe was only one of several hot ideas uncorked by the hungfllng Labor Secretary during the two weeks she worked on seleetihii:; the personnel of the War l^hpr,'Board. . ■ 'Hep'Brst proposal was that Jim Phhld;?, former Democratic National^t^hitman, be named chairman of tho/^ard,' ■ ■ • ■ ’ 5,>^1tmd the scenes of this move jealousy of Davis, who had wptor nationwide eminence by his Oni^asdous and able handling of iheooJd National Defense Mediation Board, plus secret sniping by Join L. Lewis, who hates Davis because he fouh no guff from the eye-hfow waggling miner czar. /iSiilthhh, backed by potent CIO apd' APL leaders, turned thumbs dpt^ on Farley in a hot session with iiiss Perkins that she will reipeniber for a long time. She was bluntly ;told that the country was at war and that this was not the tinie to “play petty politics.” ..Blocked on Parley, Miss Perkins then trotted out a succession of other names—among them Dartmouth President Hopkins and Amherst President King. She also proposed as a member of the board Charles Wyzanski, former Labor Department general counsel, now a Boston corporation attorney. All were flatly rejected. ' .In the midst of this undercover jangle. Miss Perkins, through CIO forces hostile to Hillman, took a swipe at Hillman. In a letter to Roosevelt, with which on the surface she had no connection, the demand Was made that all government labor agencies be restored to her Department. This attempted flank attack was a dud. The President didn’t even trouble to acknowledge the letter. Finally, in another hot showdown with Miss Perkins, Hillman forced the acceptance of Davis as WLB chairman and, as he mistakenly thought, the abandonment of thp 'umpire scheme. This plan didn’t go into the executive order, but it’s still kicking around like a disembodied ghost. Whatever else she may be, Miss Perkins is persistent. Also the President is very patient with his Secretary of Labor. ■^Npte: AFL president William recommended Harvard Law Dealt, .^ames Landis for WLB charrman. CIO president Phil Murray’s choice was Thoma.s Murray, (no relation) prominent New York engineer. The CIO’s lel’twing general counsel Lee Pressman tried secretly to get an appointment to the Board for Max Lowenthal, an attorney on the staff of Senator Burt Wheel-
erl'"
•. ITWeet Tweet Representative Clyde Ellis of Arkansas is known in the House for.tw-o things: his militant New Dealism and his ininiitable Ozark stories. When he tells one of them bis colleagues gather around with wide-open ears. related this one the other day; A long, lean hill boy walked into;a railroad station and told the telfegraph operator he wanted' to seipi a wire to his girl who was visiting in Little Rock. “All right,” said the operator, “what do you want to send?” “Send her this—Tweet, tweet, tweet. Tweet, tweet, tweet. Tweet, tweet, tweet.” ^Thc; operator scratched his head, hut made no comment. He counted the words and said, “You can add . one more woi'd if you w^ant to. It won’t cost you any more.” The boy .said he guessed not; Nine would be enough. •.“Why don’t you add one more tweet? ” “Naw,” replied the boy. “That would be silly.” • /Qrayy Train Statesmen Before the appointment of Don-ald’-Kelson as production chief, the ofllce of price control was one place vvh,er^! the President had centered authority in a single'executive. You wq.iild think that this would have been acclaimed and zealously pre- . sei-ved. If you do, you don’t know the gray train-minded statesmen that make up the so-called farm
blo<j.
Although some of them have been among the most raucous ^g-Nelson critics of Roosevelt
Physically Unfit? The Personnel Service has just received a request for engineers who are disqualified from military service on account of in-, ability to pass the physical examinations of the armed forces. In order for the Personnel Service to be of service to such persons, it is requested that they feport immediately to Dr. Miller in the Health Service for examination. This opportunity is contingent upon the number of people available. The area comprises locations in or near Chicago, MIL waukee and Minneapolis. W. E. Vogler Director of Personnel
wdue
Dean Potter Speaks WAA Winter Callout At 28th Road School for Sports Continue Delegates' Smoker Through This Week
sit
Sfl
January
: All MiUtar)' StVil«nti r :A)ie tw6 ; make-up ijetKid for those entUled .(iiYtiake up hbsenees in first semester Will. include the weeks ot Jan. 6 to 10 and Jhn, 21 to Feb. 8. No absences from drills duriha the. first semester should be . made up duritiK; the week of Jont 14 to 20. Students havtUiS C or 1 erades will ascertain What is required of them by Coming to, the Armory
> absences. '
^grahAm
office before making up
WAA Badminton ’dallotttst /Tuesday. Jah. '20V-at 4 p.' m. Prjaetlces /tuesdays.and Thursdays. Three, practices required. i. v.;:.trBXJERGLfiB.;' . ' ■ Battery Athletic Officers t^ There will be an important meeting of an BAO'a at 4 p. m. Jan. 21i 1942 in room' 205 of the Armory. All BAO’s are required tOiatiend; -rVANDERFORD.
for his failure to centralize authority,, the bloc wrote into the price control bill a provision dividing control over key phases of this vital war legislation between Price- Administrator-Leon Henderson and Secretary of Agricul-
ture Claude Wickard.
This disruptive move was no compliment to Wickard. The bloc voted him veto power over' Henderson on farm prices because the farm lobby knows that Henderson can’t be pushed around and Wickard can. The Indianan is an. amiable and well-intentioned gentleman who has. the interest of the farmers at heart,' but when the professional farm . “leaders” crack the whip, Wickard gets cold chills
and runs for cover.
They handle him vyithout trouble and that is why they cloaked him with price control power. The lobby boys know that they and hot Wickard will fix the prices.. Chief among the senators who have bellowed for centralization and who voted exactly the opposite on this bill were Nye of N.D., Wiley of Wis., Tobey of New Hampshire, Davis of Pennsylvania, Shipstead of, Minnesota, and Willis of Indiana, all of whom were bitter isolationists and foes of every important defense and foreign policy measure
before Pearl Harbor.
Note: Although coming from a major agriculture state, Senator Scott Lucas of 'Illinois, courageously made, the most scathin.g denunciation of this boodle scheme dur-
in,g the Senate debate. .
(Copyright, 1942, by United Fea-
ture Syndicate, Inc.),
Approxihiately 200 delegates of the tvy.ehty-eighth annual Road School assembled last night at 7:30 in the west Yaeulty lounge of the Union for the conference smoker sponsored by Chi Epsilon, honorary civil engineering fraternity. A. A. Potter, dean of the Engineering Schools, presided at the smoker, apd after extending his welcome to the Road School men, he introduced J. E. Fant, president of Chi Epsilon. Fant welcomed the audience and presented to them the members of the civil engineering fraternity responsible for the affair
of the evening.
'fhen, in tuim, A. R. Killian, mayor of Lafayettey and D. fe. Keim, mayor of West Lafayette, were introduced and extended their official welcome
to the assembly.
G. E. Davis, associate professor of education in charge of teacher placement, at the University, provided the entertainment of the evening with several readings from the poems of James Whitcomb Riley. Among his selections were “Right Here at Home” “The Hired Man’s Dog Story,” “The Preacher’s Boy,” and “As My Uncle Used to Say.” Leo D. Bowman . . . Ag ’42, has been drafted. He , is stationed at Cainp Roberts, Calif.
WAA winter callouts foi‘ basketball, ping; pongr-shuffleboard, badminton and tumbling began yesterday and are continuing this week. To be eligible for a basketball team, two practices on two different nights are required. Regulation gym or basketball outfits must be worn. Any house or ward with eight players, each with the required number of practices, may enter the tournament. Each team should have a practiced timer, and scorer at each game played. Practices started last night and will . continue for two weeks on Monday, Wednesday and Friday nights from 4 to 5 p. m. and from 5 to 6 p. m. t The badminton callout will he held this afternoon'at 4 p. in. This is an individual tournament /and three practices are necessary for entrance. Practices will be held on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 4 p. m. Tumbling tryouts are to he held on Tuesday and Thursday at 4 p. m. starting next Thursday, j.f.
Triton Club:. Reguldr. mdeting, ;Tuesdfty, January 20, at 7:30 p. m.- in /Women'B Gym. All be there. —KRAEPELIEN. j Exponent Coed Business Staff: Schedule is as follows: Monday: • Clkrk, Keim, Riddell, Elliott; Tuesday: Foster,' Clark, Riddell,' Paynei Wednesday: Foster, Keim,' Payne, Elliott; Thursday: Riddell, Payne, Elliott: Friday: Foster, Ciark, ICeitn.
—SIESS.
Westminster Foundation: Skating party on Friday night, January 24 from’8-12:80. Meet at the University Presbyterian church, at 8 p. m. Refreshments and trans-
portation provided.
—CLARK.
Alpha Lamiida Delta: Business meeting Tuesday. January 19, ■ at 5 p. m., in room
236 in Union. , —MacDONALD.
Dolphin Club: Meeting Tuesday, January 20 in room 101 of Fieldhouse. Important, all members please attend.
■HERR.
Undergraduate Dam.es.;:'A card party will Cotiiiion pTansI
be held at 7:30 p.m., Jan. 20, roofn 268 of ■ the Union. , —VOLLMEB
Poultry Club: All members plan L att4hd turkey dinner hbhorlng iWiBlhg team at Poultry bldg., Frldhy, Jail. 28; at. 6 p.m. •
See Paul Wagner 6r Pat
Senate: Meeting, .Tuesday, JanU|^.^in
Senate office at 7, :30.. ...
Skull and Cte^entj sleeting. ,7ISO,'-WcH.' evening in'the Union. Roqm tp be ahnounoed ' later. Selection of keys and fdi8|to8^(|n^pfy:
S. C. J.: Meeting Tuesday at 4 p. m. to arrange funeral. Be there. ’ —RONALD. . Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting at 7:30 p. m. on Tuesday, Jan. 20 in room 303 of Union. —LOCKWOOD. Code Ciasses; Students who enrolled in. the military dept, code and radio instruction classes see bulletin board in main hall of Armory fqr class rolls and schedule. Classes are now in progress., —LT. BURKHART.
-AWS Executive Board: Sjeeting Wednes-
day, Jan. 21 at 7:80 p.m. im the AWS of-
floe- —McCULLOCH All'Students: There Will be^skirting par*'
tyat Maple Point Friday. Jan.;28, atV:30. p.m. sponsored by the Lutheran Student Assotlatioh of America. Cars will '|eave ,the east door of the Union at 7 :16.'Everyone is
invited .to attend. —^ANTAL
\ PI A Members: Petitions will bo accepted for Secretary and Womcn^s Social Chairman of PIA before Monday, Jaii. 26, 4 p.m. Ex-
cellent opportunity for experience.
—ELDER
Pi Tau Sigma: Very imfcortant meeting. Wed. . Jan. 21, at 4 p.m. in. the reading room. ■ . -^GREGORY Ceres: No meeting Tuesday., Jan, 20:.
, —CALLAHAN .
Archery Club : Important meeting for' actiyes; and. new members Mon., Jan. 26, at 4 :16 p.m. in room 104 of the Fieldhouse.
—JAMES
Activities Bureau: Important meeting of ail junior managers today at 4 p.m. Be there. OLSON Exponent Editorial Coeds: Meeting today, Tuesday at 4 p.m. in office. Assignments for coed edition on Thursday will be made.
—ROSE
Purdue Engineer: There will he a meeting of all staff members Tuead:iy eyehihg at 7 :30 in the Engineer office. , —HAWKINS
Biology Students: Makeup/extitna in',®!-? ology 1 will be held Feb, 7, at 1 .;
., —ENDERS'-^ 7
Posture Pictures.* PEW 62, 64; ^ 66,',. aU \ freshmen and sophomore WpmCn ,Who •hayg'not' had a posture'picture' taken musb eitlier. report to , the Women’s, gym or/taleillwftp..., and make an appointment beforeJan.* 21. ' —HAZELTON’’;,;;;,-. Piylhg Club: Important meeting, 7:8ff p.m. Wed., Jan. 21 in room 236 of thp'UIl-y; ion. Nomination of officers and plans. Civil Air Patrol. I- —HABICI^i;^'a, , Scabbard and.Blade: Informal meeting tfe; follow regular one in the Sweet Shop. appropriate meeting will bo agreed upon. ; : ■ -/GUNKEli-ViV Scabbard and Blade: Meeting Wednesday,' Jan. 21, at 7:30 p.m. in the tower room”bf ■ the Union. —SULLIVAN V,^ AIChE; student meeting .Wednesday, Jan.. .', 28, in room 302, Chem. and Met. building. •
—KRAYBILL;*;;..’!
Newman Club: Officers -meeting Tuesdays Jan. 20, at 4:30 p.m. room 302 of the tlPr ,, ion. —RUNNION '. Newman Club: Discussion' groups meeting Wednesday, Jan. 21, at 8 p.m. in room 207 of the. Union. This is an organization ■ meeting for the second semester. All jn> terested in religious discussions, be present.
—RUNNION'
Fraternity Presidents Council: Meeting, tomorrow night at 7:00 p.m. at the Kappa Sig house. k.:,.
Personnel Notes For Women The P. R. Mallory Co. at Indianapolis is anxiou.s to obtain a girl physics for work in their Metallurgical Engineering Laboratory. Coeds who are interested should arrange for an interview.
Classified
Notices
Little Movie Convo Subscribers: The Student Art Guild Little Movie Convo will be held in the Hall of Music on Tuesday. Jan. 20, instead of this evening as previously announced. PARKS Senior Coeds: For information regarding the Civil Service examination for positions as junior technologists, call at the Placement Service for Women. Phone number 2955. —SMITH GE 11 and GE 12: The examination for the removal of C and I grades in GE 11 and GE 12 will be given Saturday, Jan. 24, from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m.-in room 301 of the Michael Golden Shops. —RISING Chemistry Major Seniors: Those delirious of getting a job should report at my office, room 422, Chemistry building, and advise me of their training, desires as to employment and information helpful in placing them. A number of assistantship's are available for the coming school year in the department of chemistry. Tho.se students interested should report to my ofTice at once. —DEGERING Exponent Editorial Coeds: New schedule i.s posted in the office. Please check it and report on days assigned. —ROSE Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Tuesday, Jan. 20, at 7 :30 p.m. in room 307 of the Union. This ihoeting is important. Be there. —SIGLER
y/
KEEP 'EM FLYING
//
Uncle Sam is bending every effort to “Keep ’em Flying” We are using every improved method known in cleaning science to produce the finest dry cleaning service possible. ©flOaN i.«DRY
Top of the Hill
Typewriters—Adding Machines,^11 makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeo»T;raph work done. G. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. \ For Sale: 31 Model A‘---G(>odc.mi(lition— , new tires—.uood price. Call Art Cohen, TT24. Lost: ATO jeweled sweetheart pin. Return li) Diek Keilman. Phone 3053. Reward.
Southworth’s
r.
Everything for a I College Education ^ DEAC’S I
ft M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY flUAtlTY MILK V ' J»lione;5«14
The telephone plays a vital role in army communications. So the Bell System is helping to school Signal Corps men in practically every phase of telephone construction, operation and mainlcnanee. , This training job is hut a small part of ihe tremendous task Bell System people are doing in this national crisis. Tliey're sellirig up telephone systems for new eamp.s, bases and faclories—handling an enormous volume of calls needed to coordinate the Nation’s war effort. Thro ughoiit iJie country, Bell System people arc wholeliearledly eooperaling in llie drive for victory. To men and women of llicir lii»:li caliber, there ■ in real saliBfaGlion in a (liflif-iill job well ilonc (
MAKE Your DOLLARS STRETCH FARTHER Spend the difference on Defense Stamps BUY , with Confidence and get Complete Servicb and , Satisfaction at Southworth's
BOOKS FOR AGRICULTURE SHORT GOURSES COMPLETE SUPPLIES PLENTY OF BOOKS and SUPPLIES YET FOR EVERY COURSE ON THE CAMPUS - COMPLETE ENGINEERING EQUIPMENT SAVE AT
PiiLBooK & mvi SW
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE. IND.
Southworth’s