F, '
[
P. I. Takes Anotber, 30-20
Purdue
Yeager Leads Scoring In Hard Fought Battle
TUESDAY
February 14,1939
By Robert J. Deckard
Committee Picks Barrie
To Play For Soph Cotillion; Ticket Sale To Open Soon
Dick Barrie and his orchestra, featuring “Tomorrow’s Tempos,” will play for the Sophomore Cotillion on March 17, announced the committee last night. With Barrie, as his featured singer, is Anita Boyer, who until two years ago when she joined Barrie’s orchestra, was a member of several Chicago radio shows, including the Jamboree program. Grab Bag, an^ Broadway Cinderella. Played With Kay
With both combinations displaying fast and furious play and a spirit of brawn-versus-brawn, the Boilermakers stepped into an early lead last night in Minneapolis and smothered a favored Minnesota Gopher quintet by the score of 30 to 20 in a Big Ten basketball game. Both squads, eager to move into higher brackets of the Western Conference, went into the game keyed to a keen edge. For several minutes neither team showed particularly strong offensive or defensive strength until the Boilermakers stepped into an early lead and failed to relinquish the lead throughout. The Boilermakers started the
Dick Barrie
After playing a trumpet in several bands including Eppinoff’s and Kay Kyser’s, Barrie organized his own band three years ago. The band has since played numerous engagements in Houston, Tex. Pittsburgh, Penn., Cinncinnati, and Columbus, 0., Rochester, N. Y., and Denver, Colo. In living up to the orchestra’s sloganii“Tomorrow’s Tempos,” Barrie says, “We strive to keep up with the styles in music, combining the best of the new into something that will satisfy everyone.”
game with a revamped lineup composed of Fisher and Anderson at forwards, Weber center, and Beretta and Yeager guards. The Gopher .quintet included Kundla and Addington at forwards, Spear at center, and Maki and Dick, guards. Minnesota scored first when Elwood Yeager fouled Kundla wh6 made good his charity toss. Addington missed two free throws, and Dick immediately followed w4th a long shot from mid-court. Maki fouled Beretta twice who made good on both tries. Beretta sank a sleeper and Maki tallied from a close shot. Weber and Yeager added six points from the field. Igney, who substituted for
psddsUvL
Qh^ksL
By Bruce Witwer
Indiana, 46; Chicago, 33 Illinois, 35; Michigan, 28 Nor'western, 37; Wisconsin, 27
He’ll Play Cotillion (See Column One)
Tickets for the Cotillion will be in the hands of members of Skull and Crescent for distribution in the near future, committee chairman R. A. Dilts'also announced.
Debris To Sponsor Radio Series About
Campus Activities
Metallurgy Students To Go On Inspedion Trip Today
Nineteen men, enrolled in ferrous metallurgy 123, will leave this morning for a one-day inspection trip through the Continental Steel Company at Kokomo. Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the chemical school, and Prof. R. L. Farabee will accompany the group. The students will meet under Heavilon Hall tower at 8 o’clock this morning, and expect to return about 4:30 p. m.
According to Dick Edwards of the Debris staff, their programs being presented every Tuesday afternoon for the next 16 weeks over WBAA, w>ill be of special interest to all students on the campus. Individual playlets will constitute the series rather than a continued story.
. Fisher, fouled Addington who made his free throw good before the gun went off to complete the first half. Purdue 13, Minnesota 8. Beretta opefied the last half with a long shot from mid-field, followed by Fisher’s sleeper and Igney’s crip shot. Dick successfully completed a free throw. Yeager and Addington dropped two in from the side as Igney ma'de good from the 17foot line. Beretta’s and Anderson’s long shots and Fisher’s charity toss put the Riveters’ score up to 28 to Minnesota’s 13. Addington connected from the free throw line and Kundla hit from the side. Yeager successfully dropped in two charity tosses. Kundla and Addington^ tallied from the circle to conclude the game. (Continued on page 3)
Tea Dancers Will Swing
The primary motive of the presentation is to promote 70th anniversary edition and also promote the school activities. However, in addition to promoting the activities, it is hoped the programs will educate the students in regard to the various organizations on the campus.
Vaccinatioik Totals 1,700
Purdue’s Boilermakers viciously fighting it out with the Minnesota Gophers on the western prairies with the Fieldhouse audience listening in and being entertained in the lulls with “The Indian Love Call” . . . very appropriate and to the point. —^fc— Yeager seemed to be the man of the hour from what we could gather from the rebroadcast . . . the second half he was especially a winning factor as he stole the ball from 'the struggling Gophers, shot fouls and baskets right and left, and did his share of the retrieving of the ball from the bankboard. —^fc— The way the Big Ten looks this year, all of the teams are about equal. .. most of the games end up with very few points giving the victorious-nod to the winner . . . even Chicago has been losing by only a few points but consistently so any way .. look at last night’s game between number 1 and number 10 in the standings . . . Indiana and Chicago . . . from the game you’d never suspect it. —^fc— We think that Chicago has been taking it on the chin too much this season and has more potential ability than it is given credit for .. . we further venture to say that the winner or winners of the Big Ten this year will have a record of nine wins and three losses .. . not a very good summary for a champion but far from impossible with the competition stacking up as it is.
To Hame Bands Today
Student Union will sponsor a special Valentines Day Tea Dance in the ballroom from 4 to 5:45 this afternoon. Recordings by Tommy Dorsey, Benny Goodman, Jan GarTjer, Wayne King, and other leading orchestras will furnish the music. No admission charge will be made.
Scripts for the playlets will be written in the Debris office, but will be presented by regular WBAA staff. Each playlet will concern only one activity, and will return to the time of formation of the group and present the entire history including origin of the name, group, and policies. Impersonations of the earlier members will be made by staff members of WBAA.
The first program will be offered today at 4:15 p. m.
“We vaccinated 400 today bringing the total up around 1,700,” said Dr. S. J .Miller, head of the student health service yesterday. “The students are cooperating very well but there are still a few who have never been vaccinated for smallpox, and these especially should come in for their own protection,” he continued. H. S. Dixon, EE instructor, who was under obesrvation, has chicken pox, not smallpox, it was reported yesterday, and no new cases have been discovered. Vaccinations will be continued in the health service offices today.
Chem Club To Show Movies Tomorrow
Preparation and manufacture of borax and potash will be the subject of movies to be shown Wednesday, February 15, at 8 p. m. in room 127 of the Horticulture Building. Also included in the group will be scenic pictures of California. The movies are sponsored by the Agriculture Chemistry Club, which is composed of those majoring in Ag Chemistry, and are open to the public.
Teels Great To Be Back On The Campus^--Elliott
By John L, Traugott
“The best part of the whole trip was getting back to Purdue, it feels great! One has to get away from the United States to realize how lucky he is that fate made him an American.” These were the feelings that President Elliott expressed yesterday upon returning to his desk as head of the University after a four month stay in the Philippine Islands where he acted as advisor to the regent of the University of the Philippines in Manila. Really Progressing Dr. Elliott stated that he was amazed at the passion for, and the progress in, education there. “Under the leadership of President Manuel Quezon one of the most remarkable persons I’ve ever met, steady and astonishing progress has
been made toward free elementary education for the entire population. And in the city of MaAila alone there are six colleges and 20,000 students.”^ The reorganization of the University of the Philippines, in which Dr. Elliott acted in an advisory capacity, has been accomplished by the spending of $12,000,000 and the complete relocation of the campus on a beautiful 300-acre tract.
diets as any Hoosiers. The games (they are played on Sunday afternoon) never fail to draw at least 8,000 fans and “their cheering is longer and louder than anything the Purdue students ever put out at a game.” Among the six colleges in Manila, Dr. Elliott explained, there is a rivalry that is not even surpassed by the Purdue-Indiana feud. Good Publication
Resembles Purdue “As far as I could see the student body of 8,000 differed very little from that here at Purdue. The collegiate spirit was perhaps even stronger,” Dr. Elliott stated. In one respect at least. President Elliott found the islands very little different from Indiana: the Filipinos were as fanatic basketball ad-
The 30-year old University of the Philippines, although only slightly larger than Purdue, contains many more schools, and in the opinion of President Elliott, if the present progress is continued, it should become one of the greatest institutions in the Orient. The college newspaper compares favorably with any at the major universities in the United States,
Exponent
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 113
Directors For All-Campus Show Announce Plans
For This Year's Production
400 Attend Dinner
Danc^ Honoring Pres., Mrs. Elliott
Over 400 people attended the din-ner-dance given last night by the Purdue Women’s Club in honor of the return of Dr. and Mrs. E. C. Elliott. Following the dinner, which was held in the Union ballroom, Mrs. Shreve, president of the Women’s Club, introduced the President and Mrs. Elliott, who expressed briefly that they were glad to be back. The string ensemble of the Women’s Club played a few selections and Mrs. A. P. Stewart sang. Following this short program the ballroom was cleared for dancing. Bill Martin furnished the music for the dance. Facilities for bridge were provided in the faculty lounge. The meeting was attended by the members of the Women’s Club and their husbands.
Playshop's Third Production Opens Tomorrow At 7:30
Playshop will open its third production of the year, “This Thing Called Love,” tomorrow night for a run of four performances through Saturday. Curtain time for tomorrow and Thursday night is scheduled for 7:30, and for Friday and Saturday’s production the curtain will be drawn at 8 o’clock. Very few good reserved seats are left for Thursday and Friday, but there are still quite a few good seats left for tomorrow night’s presentation, Playshop officials announced last night. There are also a number of fair seats left for Saturday. General admission tickets may be purchased at the door on any night for 75 cents. Reserved seats may also be obtained at the same price as long as they last. About 600 season subscriptions have not been turned in as yet for reserved seats.
800 Hear Dr. Rice
Talk On'Marriage'
according to Dr. Elliott. This was just one of the manifestations of the progressive spirit that is apparent all through the islands, he said. “Under the dynajnic leadership of President Quezon the Phillippines are rapidly fulfilling the desire of the Philippine people for educational training of every kind.” Dr. Elliott expressed the belief that Paul V. McNutt, forme? governor of Indiana and at present high commissioner to the Philippines has done a great deal in bringing about improved relations between the islands and the United States although the feeling for independence is very strong. President Elliott concluded the interview by repeating that “it IS great to be back!”
Approximately 'SOO people attended the lecture, “Looking Toward Marriage” Sunday evening in the Union ballroom under the auspices of the Purdue Religious Council. Dr. Thurman B. Rice, chairman of the State Board of Health, and Professor of Bacteriology at Indi-‘ ana University Medical School, was the lecturer. A five minute intermission followed the lecture during 'which the audience wrote out questions after which a 40 minute forum was conducted. I HI He advised against early mar-' riage, and stated that one must remember that two cannot live as cheaply as one. He also stated that the engaged couple should discuss their problems previous to mai*riage in order to avoid conflicts later.
Exponent's...
Organized under a new constitution and group of directors, the All Campus Show yesterday announced plans for this year’s production. New plans have been approved by necessary authorities and the program will go into effect injmediately. • Now operating under an electoral board composed of representatives from the Student Senate, musical organizations, Playshop, and the University Dramatics Committee, the production’s active management will be transferred to new officers on completion of election proceedings. Committees To Change
Organized for the first time last year, the All Campus production was “Of Thee I Sing.”^ The present electoral committee is in charge of proceedings until they can be replaced by the officers which they elect. Petitions for managerial^ positions on this year’s show are to be submitted to the above committee by or before Monday, Pebrua3ry 20, at 4 p. m. These petitions are to be in the words of the petitioner and may be turned in to the Senate box at the east Union desk.
Those positions, open to anyone on the campus desiring to petition for them, are as follows: dance director, rehearsal assistant for cast prompter, rehearsal assistant for voices, librarian for vocal music, business manager, ticket and sales manager, house manager, promotion manager, advertising assistant, press assistant, stage manager, assistant stage manager, master carpenter, master electrician, property man, wardrobe mistress, scenic artist, and make up artist.
Board To Interview
The electoral board will interview and choose each of the above officers from those who petition. Also, the board will inform the various managers of their duties and responsibilities. Petitioners need not have had experience in other campus organizations of music or dramatic nature to qualify for managerial posts. After the various managerial positions have been filled, the selection and casting of a play will be taken up. Present members of the electoral board are C. G. Elliott, chairman; Paula Zwierlein, J. R. Keek, Fred Ahrens, Harry Brenman, Van Coddington, Martha Moorhead, W. A. Bodden, and Prof. H. G. Venemann.
Today's Calendar
. . . Bus'iness Manager R. R. Hensler who was confined to the Home Hospital Saturday for a serious cold is reported as improving rapidly.
10:00 a. m.—Purdue Women’s Club chorus rehearsal, room B of the Union. 7:00 p. m.—Camera Club, tower room. Union. 7:00 p. m.—-Tau Beta Pi meeting, room A, Union. 7:30 p. m.—Christian Science meet ing, room C, Union. 7:30 p. m.—Co<^erative Board meeting. 205 Pierce St., W. Lafayette. 7:30 p. m.—Drama Club, faculty lounge. Union. 7:30 p. m.—window track meet, Indiana University, Fic^MUioase, 7:30 p, m.—Playshop rehearsal in Mza Fpwlm: HalL 7 ;30 p. m.—^Xi Sigma PM meeting, room B, Union. 8d)0 p. m.—Graduate Club party, ballroem, Uni«m.
J'
y a
^dibfaoL
THE PUBDHE EXPONENT
JioatuhoA.
Tuesday, February 14,1939
\^rsify SAow Plans... , , . have now been completed to the point where preparations are being made to fill managerial positions for this year’s show. Last year six campus organizations gpt together to produce Purdue’s first “all campus” musical production. Their show “Of Thee I Sing” successfully launched the all campus musical show program, so that this year a constitution has been drawn up forming a new student activity to be called the “Purdue AllCampus Show.” In former years the Student Union has produced a spring show of the musical comedy tsnpe. In order that talents of all the musical and dramatic organizations could be combined, and to eliminate conflicts between separate shows of.the different organizations, the all-campus idea was put into effect. Some defects were present in last year’s set-up. Internal disputes arose among the supporting organizations, and the show was not really an independent organization. These difficulties were largely due to the indefinite manner in which the show was run. There was no formal organization and no precedent to follow. This year the constitution, which has been approved by the University Dramatics Committee, should take care of these difficulties. The show will be presented this spring according to the constitution and plans set up. Before the constitution can become completely legal, however, it must pass the Executive Committee and the faculty. Features of the new plan which make it unusual are the provisions for election and for profit distribution. This year managerial positions will be filled by vote of an electoral board consisting of representatives from Senate, the faculty, and the musical and dramatics organizations. After this year a board of control, which will actually run the show, will elect succeeding managers. Provisions have been made to establish a Varsity Show sinking fund to absorb part of the profits from the show. This will allow the organization to become financially independent of its supporting groups in the future if good profits are made. The board of control will also be authorized to hold a banquet or other entertainment for the cast and to buy keys for the managers and cast. The Varsity Show should supply a definite entertainment need at Purdue. It will be well launched on its way when the new constitution becomes legal and when a few good shows have established its reputation. Right now, however, the task is to fill the 20 managerial
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post dflice in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Oomcresa of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postpKe provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, anthorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday dnrins the reicular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief...i Business Manager ...
H. 1. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBUCATIOM STAFF
Manatrlnar Editor — L. 8. Hatdln City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editqrs..„G. W. Frederick, K. 0. Houston, K. B. Insley, W. A. KroepIIn, D. 6. ToTrlo, J. C. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manaser M, C. Bcevea Local Advertising Manager. B. M. Aatonltil Circulation Manager —W. F. Berg Sales Manager. .V. Daugherty - ' rTNevln
National Advertising Manager Accounts Manager— — Art Director
CO-ED STAFF
Editor Associate Editors
W.
.W. B. Smith D. J. Benninger
..Bally McKeo
.Joy Johnson,
Editor. Associate EMitors.-
Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
R. L. McDeiudd
..J, A. Hebbeler,
R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exxionent OSica BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
. Phone 2792
REPRBSENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publtshert Representative 420 Madison ave. New York, N. Y. CHtCASO ' BOSTON ■ LOS AHSBLIS - SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AB eplnions in it, nnless otherwise accredited, are student winions, and do not necessarily coincide with the eSieial univenity viewpoint. All unsigned editoriala are written by the editor-in-dilef.
Night Editor—Insley Issue Editor—Thompson Tuesday, February 14, 1939
positions with capable students. The electoral board will select eds and co-eds for these positions after considering petitions which must be turned in before February 20. To students in all four classes the Varsity Show presents an excellent opportunity for a short-term student activity. No distinction will be made when the managers are chosen— freshmen will have as much chance as seniors under the constitution. The board will not be drafting talent for this show ... its success, therefore, will depend upon the initiative of capable students in petitioning for positions.
dCsiieM to the Editor
Letters ■eeepted for publication in this column must be accompanied by the writer’s signature and should ba limited to 160 words In length. TEA DANCE PLEA To the Editor: We believe that the tea dances which were so popular last fall should be resumed this semester. All of the dances were fine affairs and well attended and now that the new semester is under way we will surely be able to afford a little time for social affairs. If it is not possible to have the dances free, the small fee of 10 cents per ed would cause no embarrassment to the pocketbook. Does anyone else agree with us ? John Jarvis, EE ’39. Fritz Ulrich, CE ’40.
member of the student body and the staff is being neglected. I mean the sidewalks!! There are many places on the campus where new sidewalks are needed, and practically all of the existing sidewalks need to be repaired and enlarged. The cross walk in front of Purdue Hall is so congested between classes that it’s easier to detour around. There are many similar places, too numerous to mention, where there is a need for wider walks and it seems that a small part of the funds being spent on campus improvement should be used for this. J. C. Willsey, ’41. Kappa Sigma... . . . social fraternity, announces the installation of the following officers last night, Richard D. Seale, Gfrand Master; Luther A. Pidgeon,
Grand Procurator; Paul T. Cooper, Grand Master of Ceremonies; Aldon G. Bale, Grand Treasurer; E. Stuart Armstrong, Grand Scribe; Edwin L. Molzahn, House Manager; and Samuel P. Clarke and John B. Burkharte, Guards. These men will hold office until next October.
Bold and Black Calling all cfiirs—^be on lookout. Slick young fellow . . . -well armed —looks like a nudist—goes by the name of Cupid . . . alias “love bug” has just stolen a nice warm heart . . . headed in your direction . . . Calling All Cars! FORKNER, Phi Sig prexy proved his title as last week’s sucker by sending an orchid for interfraternity . .. can’t teach an old fool new
ideas!
Isn’t this the “love bug” day ? ? ? 0. K. you drizzle pusses . . . the secret passions are secret no longer .. . CHS YATES, give ALICE MARTENS a ring (phone) . . . stop stalling—time’s awastin’. BURNS stop looking longingly at MARTHA LOMMELL when you croon “When I Go Dreaming” ... Don’t let READ get the femme from under your nose. The doctor gag’s no go WINNIE, stop teasing CARL SWAN! ... and DICK KIMBALL, stop letting a Jeff high school gal make a sucker out of you , . . doesn’t she know the boys are supposed to call the girls and not vise-versa ? ? To the rest of you fish , . . Get on the BALL!! Why doesn’t some bright steweddent petition for a dance floor in the new sweet shop? What about it, Foxy? 50 booths in the joint ... and when the lights are dimmed in front with none in back.. .WOW! When will Poopdeck Pappy, DICK POPHAM to you—ever grow up? ?, Pappy seems to have been booted out of Lafayette’s bright spot as he refused to quit being over-amor-ous in presence of too many witnesses. After a 10-minute relapse, enter Pappy with a little Brownie . into a Blue hazy room . . . Fight? ? Honest fellows really are diplomats at heart DICK! PIDGEON, Pidgeon, who wants a Pidgeon?? The answer ... of course ... is MARTY MATHEIS . . but will she please wait till they’re out of the circle of staring eyes before putting on a moon-face? ? Co-eds should send BOB (Guzzle) SWAB an orchid. Guzzle after looking over the I. U. crop last Satur-
PLEA NO. TWO To the Editor: The tea dances, sponsored by the Union, which were initiated last fall aipparently met with decided approval by the majority of the students who attended. The dances not only furnished an excellent means of recreation after a strenuous (?) day in class hut also served as a convenient method of making new acquaintances. Many students, despite the efforts of date bureaus, blind dates, exchange dinners, etc,, still experience diffi,culty in making social contacts. This is particularly true of independent students. Surely the cost of one tea dance per week, in view of the number of students benefited, is not prohibitive. Why were the dances discontinuiBd? Verle Farrow, PSE ’39.
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.45 and Skis J. SPERB 822 Main
NEW SIDEWALKS Dear Editor: With the large sums of money which are being spent on improvements and buildings around the campus, it seems to me that one very important feature which affects the every-day Jife of every
umneiu TODAY-WEDNESDAY
JlESSE iN recHmeoLOR , •torrln9 fTYRONE POWER iRiENRY FONDA fANCY KELLY RANDOLPH scon ^ .jllkSOthConfuryFox Picture 'a .
LURE!
Lure, says the dictionary, is enticement. And enticement says, the dictionary, is "drawing on by exciting hope or desire." Which makes these the Most Lure-Like DANCE FROCKS of the season
^12
.95
Others $15 to $19.75
Fresh, new, sparkling, young —they dare to show petticoats; they define their waistlines; they're frank about decolletage; they dance out in “new colors; they're the spirit of romance of spring.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickly
‘We gotta do this every now and then else the islands would be overrun with you insurance agents!”
day night, came home with a bright statement “Purdue co-eds top I, U. pulchritude to a great degree!” You are an honest man, my friend . . , but why say the Purdue co-eds’ theme song is “Hold Tight!” DICK—flat foot—SHIVELY had MARY SWANEY handcuffed and lassoed ... he thought! Till he forgot to show up for a date. Now SWANEY is footloose and fancy free . . . can you blame her? LAST MINUTE ADVICE: Remember, the middle ot a kiss isn’t the time to laugh at a funny joke , . . Definitely!
J. 1. lingo...
. . . University director of the Public Safety Institute, will make a complete survey of the Gary police department, in response to a request from Mayor Schaible. Beginning today the survey will take approximately one week to complete, after which Mr. Lingo will make a series of recommendations to the
mayor and city council.
UMiS TODAY-WEDNESDAY
MaiiI
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
Re>live these mightiest of thrills! e The giant prehistoric ape is loose again!
— Pius — These Three Mirthful Maniacs in a Riot of Laughter! JAMES —LUCILE and RUSSELL GLEASON — in — THE HIGGINS FAMILY
Wesley Foundation To Hold Play Tryouts According to the announcement made by Wesley Foundation, the try-outs of “St. Claudia” and “Mud Walls” will be held at 7:30 Thursday evening, February 16. George and Melba Murphy were selected for the leading parts in the three-act play “St. Claudia.” Leading parts in the one-act play “Mud Walls” will be taken by La Vonne Kellar and Winifred Thompson. The supporting parts in these plays will be taken by: Kenneth Bi’oome, Luther Cree, Earl Duggelby, John Fonts, Marjorie Hoover, Walter Loeffler, Thomas McConaha, William Perterson, Ann Pierce, Robert Sine, Bonnie Swope, and Fairie Totten. Wayne Shaffer and Ralph Gaier have been assigned to .act as the production staffs of “Mud Walls.”
ARC
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
with LARRY BLAKE DICK PURCELL UNIVER5AI PICTUBC
— and—.
HumroFAnmm
WILLIAJM BOYD
A Raramounf ^fetur*
— ALSO — 'Spider's Web/' Serial
LUHA TODAY-WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
The GrandesLg# Role of Careerl
BOB BURNS
ILLEGAL TRAEFICFetorucf^y Uf 1939
tHE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Riveters To Face Indiana Thinlies In Novel Track Meet
Minor Sports Squads Face Two Schedule Revisions, Busy Week Although two schedule revisions have been necessary, all four of the BoilOi^aker minor .-winter sports squads will be in action this week in intercollegiate engagements. ,
Due to the fact that most of the members of the DePauw swimming squad are suffering from sore liitlscles in their arms as a result Of small pox vaccinationsj (joach liarry LaBree announced yesterday he had agreed to postpone the meet until March 14. I. A. C. Here Thursday However, in order to provide a tuneup for the Chicago dual meet scheduled here Saturday, LaBree made hurried arrangements for an exhibition water polo match with the Indianapolis A. C. here Thursday night at 8 o’clock. Coach "Mert” Clevett also announced that the Michigan junket of the squash team, originally scheduled for this Saturday, has been concelled, and a third match of the
season with the IndianapOlis A. C. to be played at Indianapolis on Friday afternoon at 4 o’clock has been substituted. The wrestling squad launched intensive preparation yesterday for return meets with Chicago and Armour Tech at Chicago on Friday and Saturday, respectively. Boilermaker Squash Team Defeats Evanston YMCA The Boilermaker squash team defeated the Evanston, 111., Y. M. C. A. and University of Chicago squads at Chicago last Saturday by the respective scores of 4 to 1 and 6 to 1.
HOTEL FOWLER The Tops Hotel Stops BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE BOTH AIR CONDITIONED
For Economy
The Lahr Hotel
As Purdue StudentsCHANGE
Is the modern dating a new thing on the campus or has this type always been a rat race? Are Purduee students up to date, or are we following a set pattern? I.. Do you know your campus? Tune in WBAA, Today to hear Debris present the "old and the new.”
Wrestlere Defeat Illinois Normal Saturday, 20-8 Defeating Illinois State ^ Normal Saturday, 20-8, Purdue’s much improved wrestling team marked up their second victory in three starts and launched intensive preparations today for return meets with Chicago and Armour Tech at Chicago on Friday and Saturday of this week. The results of the match were as follows: 121 pound class—Burkeiser (P) won by^ecision over Switzer (N). 128 pound class.—Allman (P) won by decision over Houston (N). 136 pound class—Capt. Spery (N) won by a fall over Dix (P). 145 pound class—Tyrell (P) won by decision Wer Jungels (N). 165 pound class—Ellidge (N) won by decision over Gossard (P). 166 pound class—Hast (P) won a decision over Wright (N). 176 pound class—^Schreiber (P) won by decision over Schearer (N). Heavyweight—Rossi (P) won by decision over Haladay (N). Chicago Fencers Trounce Riveters Boilermaker fencing team met and was defeated by Chicago University last Friday night. The event was held in the Bartlett Gym at Chicago, Meier, Stepath, and Hoffman won their matches for Purdue, but the final score was 14-3, A three-way meet held Saturday afternoon resulted in another loss for Purdue. Michigan won the meet with Wisconsin placing second. The scores were Michigan-Purdue, 10-7; and Wisconsin-Purdue, 11-6.
Purdue Wine— (Continued from page 1)
Boilermaker guard Yeager, while playing good defensive ball, won high points honors with nine points, and was followed by Gopher forward Addington who garnered eight points. Anderson’s work in the field held highly-touted Gopher center Spear scoreless. Weber displayed exceptionally good ball handling during the torrid contest and won the respect of the Minnesota crowd. Lineup and summary: Purdue (30) B. F. P. Fisher, f 112 Anderson, f 1 0 3 Weber, c 2 0 0 Beretta, g .................... 1^ 4 1 Yeager, g ... 3 3 1 Igney, f 2 0 1 Zink, f 0 0 0 Herschelman, g 10 0 Totals 11 8 8 Minnesota (20) B, F. P. Kundla, f 2 1 1 Addington, f 3 2 2 Spear, c 0 0 0 Maki, g 2 0 4 Dick, g 1 11 Warhol, c 0 0 1 Anderson, g 0 0 0 VanEvery, g 0 0 0 Totals 8 4 9
Sports Staff Important meeting of all freshmen, sophomore and junior members of the Exponent Sports Staff at 7:30 Wednesday evening, February 15, in the Union offices. Any freshmen or sophomores interested in trying out for the staff, who have not been out yet this year, are requested to attend this meeting.
Boilermakers Hosts To Hoosiets At 7:15
Begi
McDonald.
As a final tuneup for the Illinois Relays next Saturday, the Boilermaker track squad will meet Indiana’s speedsters at 7:15 tonight in the Fieldhouse in a novel dual relay meet which is expected to produce a rapid-fire program of keen competition. Beginning with the one-mile team race at 7:15 o’clock, until the final event, the two-mile relay at 9:15 o’clock, the keenest kind of competition is expected to characterize the varied
■ ■ program. Enrollment In PE^,
tinner's Swim
Class Ends Today Today will be the last opportunity for all non-swimmers who desire instruction to register in PE 6. The course offers instruction for those who cannot swim at all and those who wish to improve their
beginners standing.
The course is under the direction of Professor LaBree, varsity swimming coach, assisted by Matt Brinduse, who received his instructors certificate at Culver last summer. All who are interested may enroll in the course by seeing Dr. Eastwood in room 101 of the Fieldhouse. Classes are held on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 11 a, m. and on Mondays and Wednesdays at 7:30 p. m., but only three hours a week are required for the one hour credit. A special class will be held Thursday at 7:30 p. m. for those who have missed the first two classes. Intramural Schedule
Today
Court 2—Swing, official. 8:2B—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Tau Kappa Ep-
silon.
8 :40—-Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Sigma Nu. Court 3—Milliard, official. 7 :00—Short Course. 7 :15—Short Course. 8 :26—Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Pi. 8:40—Tau Epsilon vs. Triangle. ,
Although both teams boast outstanding individuals, the outcome of the meet will be determined by the total team strength in each of the events according to the new system devised by Coach Hermon Phillips. The system was used for the first time last year in the triangular meet with Wisconsin and Chicago, and proved tremendously popular with both the spectators
and the competitors . Three Men Per Event
With the exception of the fourrelay races, each school will enter three men teams in each event, and
Schedule of Events
7:15—Pole vault, shot put, and one-^
team race.
8:00—60-yard dash finals. 8:15—-High jump jftid high hurdles
shuttle relay.
8 -.30—One-mile relay. 8:45—Broad jump and two-mile
team race,
9:00—Low hurdle shuttle relay.
9:15—Two-mile relay.
ANNOUNCINCS’
THE OPENING OF NEW RESIDENTIAL OFFICE'
y
460 NORTHWESTERN AVENUE, W. L.
n A. M. TO 12:30 DAILY.......„ .7 P. M. TO 8 WEDNESDAY Office Hours at 317 Lafayette Life Bldg., 1 P. M. to 4 Daily, Except Thursday and Sunday. 7 P. M. to 8 Saturday, Sunday and Other Evenings by Appointment
C. H. ROMMEL, .Physician and Surgeon
A MENU NECESSITY Winter menus are not complete without good meat. Try our delicious meats and you too will soy they cannot be beat. CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. SrdSK
Phone 5372
PING PONG— Today * . Tau Epsilon Phi. Alpha Gamma Rho. Theta Xi. Sigma Pi. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Sigma Chi. Sigma Nu. Pi Kappa Phi. Kapita Sigma. Phi Delta Theta. Alpha Chi Rho. Members of the above squads report to the Fieldhouse at 4 o’clock this afternoon.
the performance of each competitor will count in the final ranking. In the field events, the total combined distance or height of the three competitors will determine the team vic-
tor.
The track events will be scored on the cross-coimtry basis, with the low total of the three entries to determine the victor^ The team which wins each event will receive five points and the losers nothing. A spirited race is expected in the mile run, where Mel Trutt, Indiana ace, will be pressed by Capt. Art Bodeau, Alden Knapp and Ed Holderman, the main Boilermaker hopes and probable entries in the event. Other Riveter stars in the meet will be Ted Tycocki, Eric Wadleigh, Bill Vergane, Chet Kessler, Forest Weber, and Steve Gutting.
ALLEN*l mw fMkiicinct LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY BEGINNER’S CLASS OPENS Wednesday, Feb. 22, 7:30 p.m. ADVANCED CLASS OPENS ^Thursday, Feb. 23, 7:30 p.m. ENROLL NOW PHONE 2150
How Shall We Go?
a
By Street Car,” because they’re quick, dependable and economical. Fare 5c with
free transfer. ‘‘Let’s Go.”
WHY WALK WHEN YOU CAN RIDE?
UFAYEUE STREET RAILWAY INC
- I I
■^1
'W|THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^nfiroA
Tuesday, February 14,1939
Alien Will Address Seniors At Secoiid Employment Lecture W. R. Allen, personnel director for L. S. Ayres & Company, Indianapolisj will address seniors today at their second employment lecture. The meeting’ will be'-held at 4 p. hi. in the lecture room of the Electrical Eng'ineering Building. Allen will speak on “How to Write Letters of Application.” “This lecture will be one of the outstanding talks offered to the seniors on employment” said J. E. Walters, University dii’ector of personnel. “Allen has addressed seniors here for a number of years, and he has always been good. Seniors heretofore have said that they have gained much from his talk. He employs several thousand young men and women each year, and receives somewhere around 30,000 applications in one year’s time, so he is well qualified to speak on letters of application, especially from the employers’ point of view. Allen is recognized as one of the country’s outstanding personnel directors.” Allen has been personnel director for Ayres for a number of years arid has also worked in that capacity for Filienes in Boston. He is a graduate of Harvard University.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
MISCELLANEOUS
TTPEWRITEHS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. EbershoS, 60$ Main street.
STUDY COMMERCIAL ART at the MidWest School of Commercial Art. Night classes, Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Professional instruction. 645% Main St.
ROOMS FOR RENT ROOM for four students ; study room, each. Phone 4988.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Brown key case in the Fieldhouse. Finder call 55711. Eldridge.
Motorcycle. Club: Meeting in room A of the Union Thursday, February 16, at 7
-STRIEBY.
Fraternity Presidents: Please call for fra-, ternity crests Tuesday, February 14, at 4 p. m. in the Union office. It is very important that they are taken at this time. —DEMARS.
Activities Charts: May still be obtained at the activities Bureau, room B of the Union. The office is open every day from 4 to 6 p. m. (2-15) —SMITH. Union Sophomores: Will my committee please meet in the work shop Tuesday, February 14, at 4 p. m. —CREPPS.
Camera Club: Please turn prints for Traveling Exhibit in to Student Union office by 5:30 p. m. Wednesday, February 15. —MORRISON.
Scriveners: Meeting of the editorial staff in the Scriveners office Tuesday, February 14, at 2:00 p. m. AH members must be there. —CLEVELAND. All Junior Co-eds: Very important meeting in reception room of Union, Wednesday, February 16, at 4 p. m. —COOLEY.
Purdue Archers: Meeting in room 105 of Fieldhouse Tuesday, February 14, at 7:30 p. m. Equipment will be furnished. —KINZER.
Glee Club: Meet with orchestra Tuesday, February 14, at 7:30 p. ra. in the Union tower room. —WORCESTER.
Skull and Crescest: Meeting in room C of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Wednesday, February 15, Pledging will be discussed. —HALL.
WAA Fencing: All girls out for fencing are to report for practice Tuesday, February 14, at 4 p. m. in the gym. —SWIFT.
Sophomore Union Workers: All sophomore girls please report to the Ballroom Tuesday, February 14, at 4 p. m. —SCHICKLER.
Srabbard and Blade: - Ihaportant meeting in room 1 and 2 of the Union Thursday, February 16, at 7:30 p. m. Pledges will be selected. —ZIMMER.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Thursday, February 16, at 7:30 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. —AYASUN,
Eta Kappa Nu; Meeting in room A of the Union at 7:80 p.- m. Wednesday, February 16. Important that all actives be present. —KECK.
WAA VoUeytiall: Varsity teams are as follows: M. Kennedy, C, Ade, M. Smith, £. Kirkhoc, E. Harrisson, B. Smith, D.
Holden, E. Westover, L. Heiser, M. Butz, R. Swift, J. Spry, M. Johnson, B. Spears, M. Clymer, J. Schafer, P. Swick, and E. Maier. The varsity games will be held Friday, February 17, at 8 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. All girls are expected, to practice Wednesday, February 16, at 4 p. m. • —SWICIC
8:30. Mal& up your practices as teams will be chosen shortly. —SMITH.
Triton Club: All members and girls in the Aquacade he sure to attend the meeting Tuesday, February 14, at 7 :30 p. m. in the women’s pool. —JORGESON.
dues to date Will be placed on the inactive list. .Inactive class A members will be grounded. Post of treasurer must be filled. —KNIGHT,
Agriculturist^taff: Meeting of the board of control on Wednesday, February 16, at 4 p. m. in room 118 of Agricultural Hall, —KINGSLEY.
for the WAA Council next Saturday, February 18. Girls who have paid their dues may receive a constitution at any time. WAA membership list will be posted Monday, February 13—girls will please check their names. —MERRITT.
WAA Badminton: Tournament entries are posted on bulletin board in women’s gym. First round must be played oil by Friday, February 17. —FISHLBIGH.
Camera Club: Important meeting at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday. February 14, in the Union tower room. Election of officers will be held. All members are urged to be present. —OBLINGER.
Mathematics Conditions: Examinations for removal of conditions in mathematics will be held Saturday, March 26, in the Recitation Building. All students who plan to fake the exam should register with the instructor who gave the C before February 15. (2-18) —MARSHALL.
Society of Automotive Engineers: Important meeting 'Thursday, February 16, at 4 p. m. in room 3 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Discussion of combined spring meeting and paper contest. All members please be present. —HERR. ‘Modern Dance Group: Practice Tuesday, February 14, from 7 to 8 p. m. for Friday’s program. —SICKMAN.
WAA Fencing: All girls out for fencing are to report for practice Tuesday, February 14, at the gym. —SWIFT.
Christian Science Urganlzatlon: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, February 14, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union. —MACK.
WAA Basketball: Practice for all members of basketball squad at 4 p. m. Tuesday, February 14, in the gym. —REIMAN.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, February 14, at 7 :30 p. m. in roOm 264, EE Building. —BROWN.
Ag Chem Club: Members who haVe not paid their dues or money for the picture please call me at 61661 immediately. (2-14) —YALOWITZ. Gimlet: Dinner meeting at the Sigma Alpha Epsilon house Tuesday, February 14, at 6:46 p. m. All members are requested to be present. —SWAN.
WAA Members: All girls may pay WaA dues in the WAA office any night next week at 4 p. m. They may also get applications
Pi Tau Sigma: Meeting Tuesday, February 14, at 7:30 p. m. in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops. Motion pictures will be shown. All members are urged to attend. —HARVEY.
Registration Workers: Students who worked for the' Registrar during the second semester registration and turned in their time promptly, may get their checks by calling at the Registrar’s office. (2-16) —STONE.
WAA Rillery: Tuesday, February 14: Ward 2 at 6 :15 ; Alpha Xi Delta at 7 :00 ; WRH South at 7 :46: Alpha Chi Omega at
Purdue.Flying Club: Members who are not present at the meeting of Thursday, February 16, at 7:80 p. m. in room O of the Union, and who have not paid their
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for « College Education H. G. REiSNiR
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St. '
• Locksmith
• Professional
"C CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST / 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Printing
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, acressories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-n N. 5th St. Phene 2828
«RviS I^RINTIN G Office Stationery . „ n 1 Wedding Invitailont PHONE * Wet Book.,Etc.... GASSEL’S 408 FERRY
• Shoe Repair BOSSUNfS Shoe Repair ^hop In the VARiSITY BOOT SHOP
Your Valentine wants you to look neat and trim EVERY day^
You can if you use Crown Cleaning Service regularly. FORMPREST Service by Crown means better pressing F I N E C L E A'N E R S O F F I N E C L O T H *E S OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
See VON ROY DAUGHERTY
lACE
218 Waldron Phone 2390 DISTRIBUTOR AT PURDUE
VELOZ and YOLANDA in their famous Dance of the Cigarette”with
THE HAPPY COMBINATION {perfectly balanced blend) of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos Chesterfield’s can’t-be-copied blend of mild ripe American and aromatic Turkish tobaccos gives you «// the qualities you like in a smoke ... mildness, better taste, and pleasing aroma. When you try them you will know why Chesterfields give millions of men and women more smoking pleasure,,, why THEY SATISFY
...the can’t-be-copied blend... a happy combination of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos
Copyright 19J9, Ligcbtt Sc Mybks Tobacco Cq.