- U..
Strike For Peace” Is
Student Union Here
EXPONENT BOARD Exponent board will meet tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in’ the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station. Following this there will be a short meeting of the electoral boards ^ ^
Group Plans Demons stration Tomorrow At 11 In Eliza Fowler Hall
Amelia Farhart Gets
IftiilkGrini^ Eachron Play Leads In Coming Production
Tyilliam McEachron •Urill make his debut in campus dramatics bn May 8 when he will appear opposite Ruth Grimm in “The Romantic Young Lady”, on the stage of the Jefferson High School Auditorium. With his former experience in debating and his eastern accent Mr. McEachron should easily taifce his place among the Purdue celeh rities. Miss Grimm, however, is a veteran of many Seasons. Her first appearance this year was in the MtU® Theatre productibn “Her Master’s Voice”. 'This was followed by “Carmita”, and “Behold This Dreamer”. Two more old timers will also make their appearance in this show. Betty Barnette made her first ap pearance in “Devil’s Disciple” and climaxed it with “Streets of New York”. Virginia Meguire will be remembered from “Broken Dishes” and “Carmita”. Two newcomers are Ann Sims and Marianne Cum-
mings.
Bob Ellsworth and Bernard Everett both former Playshop stars, will again appear; Mr. Everett is outstanding in his character inter pretations. He will be remembered as “Christy” in “Devil’s Disciple*'» “Scrubby” in “Outward Bound”, “Puffy” in “Streets of New York”, “Tanneday” in “Behold This Dreamer”. Chuck Callis is another newcomer to Playshop. Having acted in the capacity of stage manager for the past year, he has now beep graduated into the class of hte Thespians. Phil Luginbill, who fii’st appeared: in “Streets of New York” is to appear again. Last year Bob Peticrew took time away from his debating to satisfy his dramatic inclinations in “Three Cornered Moon”. He will be seen again in “The Romantic Young Lady.”
By E: H. Morris Tomorrow morning at 11 o’clock •just 19 years and 16 days since the United States entered the World War, University students will hold an organized protest against war in Eliza Fowler Hall. The meeting is sponsored by the Amej^can Student Umbn tmd i^ h part of the natibn^tyide movement for peace and for the abolishment of cbmpMsbfy miKtery
tpaihing.-:^^'"
Three SpeakerA^Schediided J, E.THerce, MiE ’S6> unU oyer the meeting which will feature three speeches, the first ctf Which is to be given by Earl B. McEachronj EE ’37 on “The Economic Aspects of War.” Following this, Stan Trefil, an instructor in the University speech department will discuss the social results of the war. In concluding the brief demonstration, R. W. Strauss, ME ’36, Will discuss possibilities of campus action on problems of war and peace as they face us today. On Other Campuses At the University of Minnesota handbills were handed out l^^he strikers who are endeavoring!^ answer charges of “vagueness” and ”impractical’^ At the University of Cincinnati, Chas. P. Taft ll, soh or William Howard Taft, former pi’esident of the United States, will preside over the anti-war strike. At Ohio State prospects for a campus wide peace demonstration were killed when the Peace Mobilization Committee and the American Student Union dropped its plans for a student strike Executive action at Syracuse University eliminated the possibility of a strike in that area. The president declared that, “it is not in accord with plans already made.” At Indiana State Teachers College in Terre Haute, the group ^Continued on page 4)
' •S; " V, “
For Aeronautical Research Amelia Earhart disclosed, at the end . of her visit to the University campus last week, that she has purchased a new ‘flying laboratory” in the form of a ten-passenger Lockheed Electra transport plane. At the same time the Purdue Ke-
‘Ame^
# > /
A sister ship of Purdue’s “Flying laboratory” appears above. At present the ship is un^cf construction Califofnia, and doliyery is expected in July. This standard Electra is a IQ-passenger, 2-pilot transport witlN n ciniiemg speed M 190 m M u of : obeut 21®,^ fetraciable landing: :gears.';Two' Pratt and •.Whitney Wasp: engines: of, .500 ■h. ::p.^ ,''^ Handlten Standard; constant: sp«^; metal propellors, Painted black and goldj Purdue’s. cClors' will. fly . ever the country.-.
AMELIA
SHOWS
lia Earhart Fund for Aeronautical Eesearch” to aid Miss Earhart in the purchase, outfitting, and maintenance of
the novel lab.
Several members of the Research Pdnndatiom a nOn-pfoflt-inaking re’--search organization connected with the University, have anonymously contributed the fund for the purchase of the ship. Thus; with Amelia Earharf as chief investigator, the University jk tdking one moM step into the fi^d: of impli^ aesonsmtiiml fesear^ In addition to Her new connection mth the Unir yefsity, M^ss Earhart will continue her associations as consuliant in I^dUe’s Careers for Women program and in aeronautics.
Delivery In July
When delivered in July, the plane will stripped of seats and equipped with extra gas tanks for nonstop;liights, robot pilot, de-icing appliances , radio ‘‘homing” device and a two-Way telephone. A nayigationai observation hatch will be installed in the rear of tKe fuselage. “I am exceedingly grateful to (Continued on page 4)
PKEXY Plan Formal
Spring Dance To Open Socied Activities In Fin
HOW
Soil Expert Dies
S. Di CcNiiic^ Noted Muck Land Develope*’, Siiccifttifcs After Operation
W. A. Stickler Will Speak To Forestry Club Tonight
W. A. Stickler, a native of Minnesota, who has spent 29 years in studying the habits of wild life and
Idlewild, Marcell, Itasco county, Minnesota, will speak to the Purdue Forestry club tonight, in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall at 7 p. m.’ He has trapped and hunted all kinds of wild life, not for the sake of killing, but to learn first-hand information about ant inals. The Lafayette and West Lafayette high school seniors who are interested in forestry as a profession are to be the special guests at this meeting and all others interested in conservation, bird and animal life, and our forests are invited to attend.
Frankie Ford lU
Frances Ford, Kappa Alpha Theta member, showed slight improvement after a sudden attack of diphtheria Saturday morning. A speedy recovery is expected at St. Elizabeth’s hospital where she was moved Saturday everting. HpwV ever, she must be kept under quarantine for twelve days.
During her stay on the campus, Miss Earhart spent considerable time inspecting the University’s airport. On one of her visits, she was accompanied by President Elliott. “Now Dr. Elliott, here’s how.”
Floyd 1. McMurray To Address Ag Lunckeon
Printing of the 1936 Debris has begun at the Haywood Printing Co. and will be ready for distribution the first week in Mky> according to Bob Bray ton, editor, "the first section contains everything that is academic as the senior section, scholastic honoraries, pictures of the faculty, and campus views. The feature section follows with illustrations of dances, cpnvos, etc. Publications, fraternities, non-scholas-tic honoraries and athletics make up the last part of the book. The annual contains fewer pages than those of former years, but more material is incorporated in them, according to the editor.
Floyd I. McMurray, of Indianapolis, state superintendent of public instruction, will speak on “Some Odd Types of Agriculture in Europe”, at the monthly agricultural staff luncheon to be held at the Memorial Union Building Monday, April 27. McMurray was to address the Ma,rch luncheon of the agricultural staff but was unable to fulfill the engagement. A. F. Hinrichs heads the committee in charge, assisted by Aneta P. Beadle, S. M. Hauge, arid T. G. Hornung.
E. E. Professors Publish New Text
E. C. Elliott Selected To Help judge Essays
President E. C. Elliott has been Selected to help choose the winners in the Interriational Business Machines Corporation national essay contei^i for third and fourth year students of public, parochial and private high schools. Others chosen to serve on the judging comiriittee were: Dr. Aurelia Henry Reinhardt, president of IM^ills College; Dr. Clarence A. Barbour, president of Brown University; Rev. J. F O’Hara, C. S; C., president of Notre Dame University; and Dr. Ray ty* man Wilbur, president of Stanford University. More than 30,000 students had submitted essays on “How Education Develops the Power to Think”, when the contest closed April 15. The national winner will receive four-y^ tuition university scholarship at a college of his choice, while the 48 state winners will be award ed inscribed viratebes and bronze plaques to be hung in their schools.
“Legal and Ethical Phases of Engineering”,, a recent book by Dr, C. Frhncis Harding and Prof. D. T. Canfield, of the E. E. school, was recently published by the McGrawHill Book Company, of New York. This book will be used in the second semester of the senior course in engineering administration in the electrical school and may be adopted by other schools in the future. It is the restdt of lectures upon this subject which have been used in these and similar courses for the past 20 years. This book includes many of the branches of business administration which the engineer should know, including contracts, specificatiohs, estimates, patente, engineering etMcs, industrial relations, insurance; and hazards. Many court decisions, illustrating previous industiial relations and typical problems fdr solution in this field are included. Sample specifications for various types of machinery, buildings, pavements, and sewers are included in the appendix for reference.
Members of the athletic squads will be awarded “P” blankets at the Union mixer this Saturday night and: the dance will be held in their honor. These letter winners will be admitted free to the dance that night, according to an arinouncement by Bob Fuller, yesterday. Although no orchestra had been booked for the affair by last night, the orchestra will be announced within the next two days. In tomorrow’s Exponent, a complete list of men who will receive blankets will be printed.
The Purdue Independent Association will launch the social opening of the completed Purdue M^i^ririal Union ballroom with its annual spring formal from 9 to i2 o’clock Friday night. Syncopation for the affair will be furnished by “Jug’’ Owen and his Swingmasters, from Richmond, in their initial appearance on the University campus. Any member of the association will be permitted to bring a date to the formal, according to a report by Harpld Serinstrom, PIA publicity agent, last night. Only one ticket will he required for each couple in attendarice.. Dress for the occaison will consist of light coat and dark trousers, or vice versa, and light Shoes. Corsages will be
optional. -
Decorations for the ballroom have not been definitely decided upon, .but will follow the theme of symbolization of the PI A gold key.
Thiess To Talk On ‘Talent Law” Today
Prof. S; D. Coimer, ’94; world re^ houned authority on the subject of soil fertility, and for 37 ydars the leading chemist ori the staff of the , agricultural experiment station, died Sunday at the Home hospi^l after an operation for acute appendicitis. Professor Conner was probably the leading figure in the vrovk on the development of the riotherri : Indiana muck lands. He discover^ the use of potash on muck soils> which enabled farmeis to make a profitable use of them. He also icovered the injurious effects of borax, an impurity in American made fertilizers, at the entrance of the United States into the World War.' ■ .
Career'-
Professor Conner’s career one of service to the Indiana farmer, for although he was consulted on soils in other parts of the world, he tested froni 2,()00 to 3,600 samples of soil a year for the farmers of Indiana, and adyised them bn their problems. He entered the University in 1890 and returned in 1899 as a member of the staff to continue Ms stiidi^. He was granted the master of science degi-ee in 1907, and has been on the staff ever since. Somb of the positions he has held are: depdty state chemist, assistant professor of agricultural chemistry, and since (Continued on i>age 4>
Columbia U. students are petitioning that institution’s President Nicholas Murray Butler to withdraw his: acceptance of the invitation to attend Heidelberg University’s 660th anniversary celebration.
Seniors
Graduation announcements may be obtain^ at Deac’s or SbuthVYorth’s up to and including Saturday of this week. -After that time, sales will not be ma.de. There are three types of announceemnts available; one is a white paper coyer which contains qnly tbe announcement while the other two, one bound in paper and thb other in black leather, are more elaborate in their make-up and contain aome scenes of Purdue. The prices are 6; 15 and 25 cents apiece. They are to be ordered now and WUl he delivered about the middle of May, according to W. W. Glenhy, chairnmn^(^^ Gala Week Gommittee.
Continuing the regular series of lectures before the course in engineering administration: for senior engineering students, J. B. Thiess, of Chicago, 111., a University graduate, will discuss “Patent Law” at lb o’clock this morning in the lecture room of the E. E. Building. Thiess, who was graduated from the school of electrical engineering in 1906, is recognized as one of the leader^ in the patent law fields. Dean Potter announced that Willard Chevalier, vice president of the McGraw-Hill Book Company, will address the seniors in engiheering administration on Tuesday, May 12, bn ‘‘Public Questions Before the Engineer”; and that the final address in the series will be presented ]>y Harry Miesse, executive secretary of the Indiana Taxpayers Association, on Tuesday, May 19.
G. O. Ha^,’12^ Talks At Exponent Dhmet
*
f
E. J. Tangemah, *29, is now located with the McGraw Hill Jhih lishjing Compariy as associate editor of Power magazine and technical editor of Mill Supplies Baagaaihe;^ He has also free lanced fori PopuJal Science, Scouting, and yariqim b^ OF teriuucal puhlications.
Reminiscences of a former Rxi ponent editor and the puhlislding and advertising game from a pul^ lisher’s: viewpoint were discussed by George Hays, Purdue *12, present editor of Steel, at a imnquet of the combined staffs of the Exponent organization iq the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building Sunday evening. Approximately 100 persons attended. Hays rela^d experiences qccml^ ring during his four years on this paper, from 1909 to 1912, inclusively—tank scraps, the formation of the “Pm-due Walking CluV^ the annual burying of “Mechanics”, etc. He summarized the organization of the publishing business aqd set forth his “philosophy of adver-
tising”.
In addition to Exiameat staff t members. Dr. J. H, McKee, Pref. , W, A. Knapp. T. R. Johnston, W. ' I A. Bodden, Prof. P. C. Hbckema.
irti*
liiSi
and Cliff Bauer, Exponcitt linotype operator were present at the Imn- -
quet.Wimh^ at Natkniat Waites® Pmm AmeMloii. m •Sm l^rUI Aaitelkliw BxdaaWclr SejereBeE&i fesr.'iMittesial AfiwitrMriJiar ^ , 489 ltait»a Maw.Yarit qsy . ■ * „ Sntcred as second eUuw matter at the poet oStee, l^ajrette, Indltaia. Ddlvewd h» $&60 ptle year; ddieerM by dt^er. $2.60 per year; eoM alngla copy, t eenta.
MelBem Phone 6088
liAIN 6mG&-^l8 ilorft Pi«&
: ;iiditOtW;PliO»i;6^
Miy StyiirtvlPfflirtlCTtlgiii
Hahasiatt JBditwAasoelate Sdit6ia_ ■pests Editor.. Asspetate Sports Sditora-»-_.
:j®m»RtAl.:8?APF;
ir;H.:-e8aiipb0U . . -■■-A...Jt, .Clia8teeffl,iffl, Wt
W. df.
' . ;. .V-^- .. ■ :i..,JL :E.:HsyB’
?.■ MOll, -E..,H.^WaIp01s,;^
K. A. BamOttO. 3. B. Brock. A.«. Pomter.
0. Bsrpor, Jr., BoSa and Black Editor
K. P. Manioh. C. L. Sadler, E. C. Schenk,
■ W> ML AwBOtS
rnumBwiamm SOCa
P.-'Anto'nini:
Adysrtbins Aastetantc...-..—>-Ofiisnlation
■ a Brown, A Creek, D. C. Miller ' i^SL J.’.'MDte®
woMnranrAr,
Aacodate Editon
Weien "Creed, Edna Hutadn, Ellen aaahn
Tuesday, April 21,1936.
fessiG Editor—W, M. Amttomy.
iliel^mericaii Stiident^ The axmomicemeht Saturday in the columns of this paper, that ‘Tresident Edward C. Elliott has approved the use of Eliza Fowler Hall for a meeting of the students of Purdue next Wednesday at 11 a. m. in a demonstration for peace. The meeting is sponsored by the American Student Union,” has brougm forth much comment from students arid faculty alike. Anyone reading this announceriierit ririirdoubtless recall the peace strike held on this campus in front of the Memorial Union Building last April 12. i^proximately 200 students, most of whom were R. U. T., C. advocates and members, attended the meeting. A few declamatory speeches were delivered by students who declared themselves against the fruitless pastime—-war. These statements were listened to without much argument. Later the speakers began to denounce al niost everiri;hing and then the crowd began to boo. Newspapers ran front-page stories about happenings on other campuses, where riots and near-riots ensued. Last fall, two student peace organizations, the National Student League and the Student League for Industrial Democracy combined their forces under the name of the Ameriean Student Union. When it became known that such a title was in prospect, the Association of College Unions immediately lodged a protest. This protest was ignored by the group and the name, American Student Union, remained. Immediately the American Student Union met opposition at other colleges. Syracuse University entirely banned the organization on the grounds that “it is not in accord with the plans already made by a recognized organization on the campus”. ^ From an Associated Press dispatch: American Student Union indorsed the ‘‘Oxford pledge”, refusing to support the United States in any war it might conduct. The indorsement resolution was adopted, 244 to 49, after a heated debate. Ed Kinney, a member of the Officers’ club of the R. 0. T. C. of the City College of New York, and a member of the resolutions committee of the Student Union, said “passage of this resolution definitely labels the Student Union as a‘radical’organization”. Kinney and others fought the resolution, saying indomement of the Oxford pledge should be optional with the individual members. They declared that indorsement by the group would keep many prospective members from enrolling in the Student Union. The union stuck to its convention headquarters in the Y. W. C. A. building, despite an American Legion demand that it be ousted as a “revolutionary movement” With “communistic tendencies.” The union voted approval Of an annual student strike against war, and urged support of legislation making enrollment in the Reserve Officers Training Corps optional in all schools “as a step toward complete abolition of the ■■ R.,O..T.C.”. ■ The above press clipping gives a fairly good idea of the purposes of the American Student Union. The officials of the Purdue Memorial Union are, at present, trying to persuade Dr. Elliott to force the organization to change its name on this campus, a practice that has already become effective at Other colleges. We await with interest the outcome of the local dissention against the organization which is surely indicative of the sentiment felt on a majority of the college campuses throughout the United States.-—^E. H. M. There is now an iron barricade in front of that tunnel ventilator just north of the Chemistry Building. Evidently the University thinks that all reckless drivers are riot in jail.
¥« Editor was not therew W8 looked in Jo Friend’s parlor, It, too, was very bare. We looked beneath the tables, And we looked beneath the chair; But of our dear Walt Abbott, There was neither hide nor hair. ... consequently, the staff had to Write this damn column last night. We noticed that the Kappas were playing true to type at the Penny Carnival last Saturday . . . only they canie rioWn oh their rates. Have you heard about the Scotchman Who bought a car because the clutch yms riiroym in ? The Chi O’s are losing their dignity . . . One of ’em spoke to a common, ordinary student on the campus the other day. The Alphakye’s invited the Delt’s and the ATO’s over for tea Sunday and 16 of the girls left town. Humm-um-um-um. Jack and Jill went up the hill, TO get a pail of water. Jadk caiue back, his eyes all black For she was a preacher’s daughter.\ ' —swiped. “Speaking of petting, did you know Rose Wood’, New York?” ‘T know Rose Wood anywhere.” ■ POME ■ Monon low, my sweet train I love you so. But how I wish you were gone. ’Cause you’re park^ in the street. When a dame I should meet Over town. “How’d youse guys know us gals wasn’t coUitch dames?” Incideritly, you should have seen Florer at the Penny Carnival . . . another “true-to-type”, tough gal. The Pelt’s at I. U. have an escalator in their new house . . , but they can’t afford to run it except during rush. Last line: If you want to fight about something attend the “peace” strike in Fowler Hail at 11 tomOr-,
row.
READERS* OPINION The Exponent wefeomet tommenls of good Utste «md reeaonahle tenglk from its readers. Typewritten artictes are preferred.
Eiicouragement For Arbitration
To the Editor:
: Dailv the newspapers are carrying articles on the approach irig possibility of another general European war. Goveriiment officials and Congressmen are debating whether to join in on sanctions or embargoes to this, that, or the other belligerent nation. It is obvious to most Americans that the last war was a loss to the United States as a whole, though certain individuals may have benefitted from the holocaust. As student and the youth most likely to be drafted in a war in the near future, it seems to us that we should express outright our disapproval of this means of solving crises. In this way we may give encouragement to those men working for gome means of arbitrating differences, and stay the hands of those elements who foster the war spirit for personal gain.
Joseph Biebel.
Delmar Filmore, i R. E. Fullenwider,
Fred Verber.
Co-ed Organizations Will Hold Banquet For the purpose of uniting the three women’s organizations, W. A. A., W. S. G. A., and Y. W. C. A., a banquet will be held for the old and new officers and cabinet members tonight at 6 p. m., in the reception room of the Union Building. After the dinner, the old presidents will give their vieWs and ideas concerning the future of the various organizations, following Which, the! new presidents will review briefly the work of the past executive offic-
ers.
Guests Guests Who will be present at the banquet will include Pres, and Mrs. E. C. Elliott, Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, Dr. Harriet O’Shea, Dean Mary L. Matthews, Miss Helen Hazelton, Miss Veronica Brady, Miss Helen Ellis, and Miss Marion Rus-
sell.
During the dinner hour, entertainment will be provided by Dick Humphries and Mary Alice Paliighaupt. Tickets, priced at 50 cents, are available at the W. A. A., W. S. G. A. and Y- W. C. A. offices.
I'-
Favm, Management Stajf knd Student Fish Fry-^riffin Farm. Forestry Club Meeting—Stknley Coulter HkU—W. A. Stickler, 7-10 liluktraied Lecture — Auspices Forestry ClubStanley Coulter Hall, lecture room, 7-10 p. m. Little Jeff High School Banquet and Dance—^Union ballroom, 6:30 p. m. P. I. A. Chorus Practice—^Unioh towfer, 7 p. m. St. John’s C Party—^Unioh faculty lounge, 2 p. Theta Alpha Pi Meeting—^Union 7:30 p. m. W. S. G. A., Y. W. C. A., and W. A. A. Banquet, old and new officers •Union reception room, 6:30 p. m Tomorrow Dr. O. S. Aamodt, Meeting in honor of—^Ag Hall, room 201, 4 p
m.
A. I. E. E. Meeting—E. E. Building, room 254, 7:15-9:30 p. m. Alpha Zeta Meetihg---Uhioh thW er, 7 p. m.,': Baseball—Notre Dame at Notre Dame. GCsmopoUtah Club InteriiatibnUl Night—Union ballroom, 8 p. m; Delta Sigma Kappa ^ Benefit bridge party, Uliion Ballrbomi—8 p.
m.
English Speech Convocatibri—Eliza Fowler Hall, 7::30-8:80 p. in. Little Flower Dinner and Card Party-—Union peasant room, rooms 1 A 2, 6:30 p. nu: ^ Newcomer’s Section, Purdue Women’s Club -— Union lounge, 2:30 p, m. Sigma Xi Meeting—Lecture by Dr. 6. S. Aamodt, Stanley Coulter Hall, lecture room, 8-10 p. m. Student Union Forum—- Union faculty lounge, 7 p. m, Thursday ' A. S. C. E. Meeting—C. E. Building, room 201, 7 p. m. Industrial Education Society — Michael Golden Shops, 7-8 p. m. St. Olaf Choir — Concert — Eliza Fowler Hall, 8 p. m. Scabbard and Blade Test NightArmory, 7-9 p. m. , Friday Baseball—Minnesota at Minnesota.. P. I. A. Spring Formal—Union ballroom. Saturday Alpha Gamma Rho Spring Formalr—Allen’s ballroom, 9-12 p. m. Baseball-—^Minnesota at Minnesota. ■■ ■ Delta Upsilon Formal DinnerDance—Chapter House, 6:30 to 12 p. m. • Scabbard and Blade Rough Ini-tiation-Armory, 6 p. m. to 6 a. m. Union Mixer—Union Ballroom 9 P- lu- / Women’s Pan-^Hellenic Luncheon ■Union ballroom. ; . Monday . Agronomy Seminar—Ag Buildingj room 201, open, 4 p. m. Ag. Staff Luncheon—Union 12 noon. Scabbard and Blade InitiationArmory drill floor, 5-6 p. m. Scabbard and Blade Initiation Banquet—Lincoln Lodge, 6 p. m. Tuesday A. A. U. P. Dinner MeetingHome Economics Building, dining room, 7-9:30 p. m. Kappa Delta Pi Meetirig-^Educa-tion Building, 7-8 p. m. ■ A. S. C. E. Meeting—C. E. Building, room 201, 7-9:30 p. m. Baseball—Wabash at Grawfordsville.
Obamenef And m«iiired.~Nm «ii4
on now Boll
the goodness of a friend. has a date for a frateniity formal. Johnny, arriving ht Pine; waits in his uncomfortable stiff shirt, until 9:30, wihle Kate is busily applying ruby lacquer to hef’Enger tips. Gfi^iiflg about herf corsage, she descends "the stairs to View' her blind date, ^be waits impatiently to catch thejTeye of her escort. As he approaches, she makes a mental note that although he isn’t a Robert Montgomery, at least she won’t be eating Soup off
his head.
Not thanking him for the flowers, she demands a cigarette while Johnny is fumbling at the door latch. She is annoyed when she notices that their cab is one of these “big yellow jobs”.
PlwM MSS
r’ er wtii.
Arriving at the dance, she rushes into the guest room, to make lengthy amends to her make-up and to see how much damage was done when Johnny stepped on her train. As she slouches out of the . dressing room, affecting a sophisticated air, she realizes that there are no true gentlemen in this University. The boy with whom she broke a date at 8:66 last Saturday nite, didn’t even
speak“6: her!-
Kate informs Johnny that although the. music is lousy, the orchestra leader is real cTitO. Wofufe if he’s mhrried? The band swings into a fast rhythm and she usok profane language at the qccUrence of a few minor collisibhs With other diancers. Meanw;hile her partner is trying to breathe through her friz-
zled, artificial blondness.
At the intermission they secure a seat at a main point of feraffic in order that Kate may observe what the other girls are wearing; Most of the girls prove to be dressed more attractively than she; soon Kate becomes uninterested. ' She suggests that they leave early in order to have time to stop At arestaurant. After inhaling two pecan waffles, she is ready to call it a night. Her roommate is informed that really she can’t imagine what a boring evening it was.
■■■ ■ ■^E.M.: T. ■
^ TODAT - WBnNESriAY DOUBLE FEATURE
.CSQiiS, HOME
.. FEED iJiacMUKKAY'. ■. -and' EDWAB& AKNOLD in . ‘Remember Last Night-
■ TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Wonder what the Democratic publicity men call the fish that wouldn’t bite for the President.—Minnesota Daily.
Mason Bites Mrs. Ida Lora (Henry) Masoa wife of Dr. Thomas E. Mason, of the Uihiversity Mathematics staff, died at 2 a. m. Friday at the Home Hospital. She hud been a patient there for 2 weeks. Hospital officials stated that Leucocythemia was the cause of her death. The funeral services were held at the Rogers and Smith funeral home Monday at 2:30 with Dr. William R. Graham and the Reverend John W. Findley officiating. Besides Dr. Mason she is survived by her two daughters and j ■sister. / . . .
Prof. Jellema Will Address Religious Council Banquet The annual banquet of the Purdue Reli^ous Council will be held at the W est Lafayette Methodist church at 6 o’clock tomorrow evening. Prof. Jellema, of the department of philosophy at Indiana University, will discuss “The Existence of God”. This banquet is open to students and faculty.
:,To»AY;: Wednesday'
TODAY
WNDNESbAY
: lli4iik Milk lor More Eporgy
Gall JOHNSON : ^ piioiie 4iaea
Lafayette street cars are like bananas. They are_ yellow
F. D, Wahlstrom, Sci. ’88, is now employed on the promptiqn staff of Esquire. 'The office is in Chicago.
■ -atid BLACK KING The Educated Horse, in “Riddle Ranch*’
Vines*. I
BAS-BVERYTHINe ' Jor a, n ‘ COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Domeris Flower Shop QnaUty Flowers Main At 7th Phone 6050
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
R. a EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
Adult Beginiier’s !''Cla8S;;In.';'': . Balfr<mm.;I>ancij^.;;^ Opens Wed., April 22 7:30 p. m. Class did not open last W'ednee. day on acconnt offlre.
Phdiie 2IS8 ALUSW’S
Sixth and Ferry Sts.
PATrOOTZE EXPONMT ; ADVERTISERS
P LAY GO L F
is occupying the attention of a large riUmber of the populace of this good (fid li S: A. Just ribw. Arid you know it by reading of it in, the newspapers. Your advertisement in this pA^ per will be read by all the students and the faculty at Purdue,
Milk is your best food—• it’s packed full of riutritive elemerits that your bbdy needs. Rieh iniriirii erals and riQh in food value, it’s body^buildirig and energy biaildirigi^ Purdue’s Boilermaker nine was downed by the lllini 3-1 in a game played at Champaign Saturday afternoon Hale S-v^ansoh^ moundsman for thO Illinois crew, sent down ten Lambettmen via the strikeout route while Bob Rosser pitching for the Old God and Black retired four of the opponents. The game was remarkably close, all ' AMM'Ay) ."■'Vi'.’.
Waling, 2b 2 0 0 4 3 0 Patch, 2fe., 1 d 0 0 0 0 ♦Mitchell 1 ,flr, p 0 0 0 Krattse, c 1 0 0 1 1 0
Armon, cf .. Rpsser, p.'..
Totals 31 1 2 24 16 ♦Batted for Patch in 8th. Illinois AB R H O Hiaeflerji If 4 0 0 1 Dancisak, cf 4 0 10 Callahan, rf. ...8 0. 0 T Henryi rf 1 0 0 0
eigilith w]hien Lttc&s Scored from third on a wild heave by lllini catcher Niklewicz. Illinois chalked up their three runs in the second when two, errors by Lucas allowed Pranklin, Weber and Swikle to score.
Duffner, lb Franklin, 3b . Weber, 2b Niklyewieii, c Swikle, ss ....i Swanson, p .
.3 0 0 13 0 .4 1 2 2 0 .3101 4 .3 0 0 8 3 .3110 3 .3 0 2 1 4
Totalsii
.30 3 6 27 14 3
Tennis Doubles Ihtrafraternity Class "A” teiihis doubles will get under Way this afternoon when teams from twenty organizations will meet on the men’s tennis courts. As, soon as this doubles tourney has gotten under way the Class A singles will start. Class B singles will be started as soon as the other two events have progressed far enough to permit the use of the courts. Due to limited facilities for i^lay, it was announced yesterday by intramural officials that matches would be forfeited if either of the contestants failed to arrive promptly. . The only exception will be itt the case of those Who have arrar^ed previously to have their matches postponed.
Swanson,, who has been beaten only once in two years of Big Ten competition, besides fanning ten men gave up only two hits. Lucas singled to center in the eighth and Mnlaalca got hold of one for an im field hit in the third. Malaska’s ball was knocked down by Swanson but Weber was unable to get, it. Rosser also did well on the mound, allowing only six safeties. The close margin of the Illini’s wiriUnd the fact Ihiat t^ scored, wore un^rned, gives an indication of the calibre of Lambert’s present squad. After a poor seaBOifb stmrt in tlm south they picked up enough t® give a teani fated as high in the Conference as lllini a good run for their money.
-.Box scorei' AB R H O A ..3 0 1 2 1 '„3 0 0 0 0 :.^4' p 0-14 0 ...4 0 0 0 0 .:.4 0 0 1 5
Score by innings: Purdue ».000 000 010—1 Illinois..... 030 000 OOx—3 Runs batted in—Swikle, Swanson. Earned runs—^Hone. Three base hits—Danvisak. Left on bases
Iowa Leads Purdue, 25-6, At First Half
—Purdue 6; Illinois 4. Stolen baibs
-Duffner, Weber, Swikle. Struck out by Swanson 10; Rosser 4. Bases on balls—off Swanson 2; off Rosser 2. Wild pitches—^Rosser. Catcher’s balk—^Niklewicz. Time of game 1 hour 37 minutes. Ufnpires^Eddie Stack (Chicago), Charles Mat^ (Bloomington) i
Round Robin Started To Put More Life In Practices
In FuU Swing ftack, Ten-
Meet Cbmpefition
Luniberhaien
Play DePauw
Purdue.
Maiaska, cf-c Lucas, 3h '—.l Young, If ...... Mangas, lb,.
Bartz, rf
Sin^j ss ........
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist
Kron Plate State and Main Phone 4965
LEARN TO DANCE By Eterdlingr in Onr ftallrbonn Class
Wednesday, AprU 22, 7:00 .ft. m.
This class will be completed bdore Pnrdno closes. Phone 2150.
ALLEN’S.
Purdue^s baseball team Will hagin a hard Week when weet DePauw^s Squad this ^^ernean at 4 o’clock bn tramural Rield. The linet^ will probably have only a few: .changes in it with Glen Downey, veteran right handeri br Left Maftih doing the hurlihgi . After suffering a defeat by Illinois university, the sqUad was out warming up last night X for this week’s full schedule, but their practice was halted by fain. Following the game with the Greencastie team, the Boilerinakers will travel to South Bend, for a game with Notre Dame bh Wed-; nesday and then move on to Minneapolis for two Big: Teii; games with Minnesota on Pfiday and Saturday. Purdue’s team has a chance to fate themselves with the Big Leag uey’s/; today when they play DePauw. The visiting team is to play a practice game with the St. Lbuis Cardinals this coming Friday at Greencastie. The Cardinals were lopking fbf a practicb game while tfaveling across fhe country and picked out Greehcastle as an ideal place to rest.
Lingo’s
ms Corner
AMD ON THE LEFT IS A _ PA1NTIM& OF m u.OFIHESTATE^ OF NBW YORK/This SCHOOL HAS NEnHER CAWiPUS NOR FACULtY NORsrUDENflS. IT CONSISTS ENTIRELY OF A BOARD OF RB&EMIS AWHO ADMINISTER THE STATE'S EDUCATIONAL SYSTEM .'
mmi
WESHMEN AO^THE UN1\/EI51TV OF HOtXAMD ARBrRECOlRED TO HA^/E THEIR HEADS ^HAYED TO A Hl<aH POLISH, AND ARE NOT permitted TO USE THE DOORS IN EMTERlI^ CWilS BOiL^^ DURIME their entire FIRST
mK$m% A #5GQ SCHOLARSHIP offered EY HAMILTON COLLEGE IS OPEN TO ALL MEN IN AMERICA BT THE NAME OF LEAVENWORTH J
, $ u p e wr : S 0,)p' V tdi©
,T»Y OS
EDDIE YUIbb
RAY WOOD
By Bill Fifield Iowa leads Purdue at the end of the first half 25 to 6. The first half of the lowa-Purdue game in the round robin was played last night with the Ibwa teamj coached by Earl Perris, outplaying the Boilermakefs coached by Dutch Peto StalCUp ntede; the bUtetah^ of the evening wheh he returned a punt fifty yards for a touchdown for the Iowa team. Both teams played good ball and showed that they knew what team work means. The second quarter of the game was played in the rain. In today’s practice Wisconsin,: coached by Hewitt East, will play the first half of their game against Minnesota, under “Biitch” Loebs’ direction. Wednesday and Thursday the second half of both games will be played. I^e found rcbm Tte;s s week in or^f to put more life ihtb the practices and give the coaches a chance to look over all the candidates in vaf ibus pbsitions while actuaily under fife. The squad is divided intb fouf separate ^bups with the stfength diSifibiited evenly. Pouf nights a week practice is given over tc half a game. In the first week bf play Minnesota defeated Pufdue 13-0, scoring bn a fumble and a l®ug Aj^ ether hard gante Was plas^d i^ib Ibwa winmng on: the a boint When they defeated Wisconsin 7-6. Minnesbta wib not meet Ibwa until the final week of play. y Pbllo^ng the rbund-rbte^ W^hich ynll' he fmished on April ;So, the spiihg practice end 'bificially With, a game between the freshmen and last ybar’s sophomores and juhibrs. All bf the ganies are being played oppbsite: Garl HEll cn the varsiiy practice field wit^^ games starting at appfeximately 6 c’clock in the-evenirtg.
"Purdue’s spring sports season Will be in full swing during the coming week> with all fbur squads, track, baseball, tennis and golf, in active competition. The vreek’S schedule oYactivities follows: - Baseball Tuesday—DePauw at Purdue. Wednesday — Purdue at Notre Dame. Friday—Purdue at Minnesbta. ^ Saturday—Purdue at Minnesota. Track Friday—Drake Relays. Saturday—Drake Relays. Tennis Friday—Indiana at Purdue. Friday—Ohio vs. Illinois at Pur-
due.
Saturday—Ohio at Purdue.
Golf
Saturday—^Purdue at Indiana. Prom the standpoint of the home fans, the activities of the tennis squad will provide the main attraction, with a "double-header” on tap for Friday. - The Boilermakers, victorious in their season’s opener with Indiana State, 6-1, wiU launch their . Big Ten season against Indiana, ;^le Oiteo Stete Will meet Hlinois at the Siame time bn: t^ cal courts. Ohio State will remain here overnight to meet the Boilermaker racket wieldeite bn Batnf ds^ in the second Big Ten engagement of the week end for both teams; Coach Orval Martin is grooming both a medley and two-mile relay Cbtebdnatibh for: the Drake Ratei^. Minus the service. ;of Co-captain Claude: Mborbi the- m^ wMClf fdll fun bh^^ Ctm^sed; of Gb-captain Glendehning, mile ;^^anos or Goory, three quarter mile; Bluemel, half-mile, and Letebm bf T^iAune, quaftermile. The tworihile combinatibn
“ I ‘ PM mpA PM and Phi Gmim Delte Gold and Black will meet this nf iemobn At 4 o'dbek nn Intmmufal Fold in the finals of the tbumament. The Phi Gante, who haVb gone through thef pUy undefeated will have tb win oiilY ^ game to vfitt the toafnament. The Phi Psi’s on the other hand, who were defeated once in the tbumament but were winners of the loser’s bracket, must win today’s game to remain in the tourney; If the Phi Psis win this afternoon then another game will have to be scheduled in order to determine the winner. The game was. scheduled for play. last week but was postponed by mutual agreement of both parties. Unless weather conditions psmtent the playing df the contest the game is definitely set for this
afternoon.
part* of the world spreading the
news of ^ worhings of the Uni- , , I
varsity ht He daBy routine, lowing a history of the MeamM Gymnasium written hy tine magaziim’s editor and secretary of the Purdue Aluntni Assodaiton after the request of several former stud-
ente who graduated in the last ^ ' quarter century, is an Mttele en- ’
titled "Great Oaks from Little
Acorns Grow’^ hy T. K.' Johnston, '
dhrecter of publicity of the Uidver-
FRATERNITY DOUBLES CLASS “A” TODAY 4:15 Court 4— ^Eappa Sigma vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 5— ^Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Pirathon. 6— Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 7— ^Itambda: Chi Alpha vs. Sigma Pi. 28^--Plfi Ea^a vbLDc^ 6:00 4---Commbns Club vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 6--rj)dta UpsMon vs- Phi Gamma Delta. 6---Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 7L-TNfi^gnia gappa Ion Phi. 8— -iRapim Delte R^ va Theta Kit
sify, which ment of engineering here on ^
campus.
The Alumnus also contains an article entitled "George Ade Checks Up at 70” a preview life which is followed by general alumni news and plans for a reunion during the coming Gala Week. There is a picture of the Tank with ’07 upon it to designate their planing for a class reunion, as well ass ports shorts of spring activities.
WAA Sponsors Track Events
Track events, induffing running, high jump, standing broad j^mp, running broad jump, discmi, and javelin, are being sponsored by W. A. A. each Monday and Thursday at 4. 'rhirty girls have entered the preliminary meet which is m charge of Martha Waller.
Risk D^tal Clinic
4M Bdralte BU*. PBom f7M
will be selected from the same ;i^bup.^;Harold Brewer and Kenneth Dob-; elbbweV are ekpeei^ “to be the ■ mainsteys of the golf squad ■which Will lauhch its season at Indiana, Saturday.'
n* TUnkiBe alb A YELLOW ; ^: Y-8 :FOra;^^TA3[I:v.CAB . .Bbdk ' 26e. .jgiW.': paaengio'. :'aisr: pad' d:' tha- cblr' ■ VSOSIS"'' ■ YELLOW CAB CO.
Students’ lllesis Woik Apfiears In ‘^Tke QuiW
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it weQ ^Waiace Blodk;-Pdiy ALi J)pp<^ite New Post O&e
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Fdbd you like and as yon IBce Ik - Pi^itfar :PriceB.-:. L
ifia
then a
ROC^ BEER (free matchdi)
In the April issue of The QuiU, a magazine for writers, publishers, and editors, an article on "What Farm Readers Want” by Glenn W. Sample, Ag. ’86, appeared. The article was Written from material gathered by Sample and John Swaim, Ag. ’36, last year when completing their thesis work, that dealt with an effort to learn hbw daily newspaper could better serve the farm population of this ebun.try.; From a questionaire and other reliable sources, they found rtha^ country folks wished tb read mprb abbut market prices, advice bf county and state extension ai^tttSy experimental resultej a^icultrufai editorials, spot farm news, and other similar itenis, even the ■wives of the dirt farmer gave an^wers^^ te the beliefs. The xWdinary ftefte Wb-: man likes to know more about home ecbnbmics, hints about beautifying tivelM^ time Savers in ebbking and housekeeping, tipns btt bndgetingy chui'ning, caring for poultry and like shorte;
Fun jfor all who eat their meals at the Union Cafeteria.
There-s lots of^od food, lots of ^)od music, and lots of good friends to dine with. That^s what makes fun for all.
AduU Begini^^ In Balbooitt Baneina Qpena April 22; 7:30 p. nu
And after all, shouldn’t your noonday meal be a tinie for enjoyment? You’ll make it so at the
We dUI not give a; lesma lart Wednesitep^ oAr ae» ceimt of fize. Cbone Will be ewnpl^ed befeie PnrAie tioMe.
Ph(me 2l6t
:^ailen’Sw
A'',Fai3r;''
A new grbup coursbt in applied ph:^8ics, designed to iueet a demand for scientiste ■with special training for the applicai^bn of pliys* ica in the solution of industrial JirbWems, Ims been formulated^^ 1^ Massachusette Institute of Tecb” ilbloay adteinistratbrs.
The Corner of the Campus, Yet the Center of College Activities
RENTACAR
DRIVE tr YOURSELF— LATE MODEL SEDANS
Long Trips
REIMERS’ Drive Youradf System 314N.4thSk Phsm$m
'in MClasslfieci Am*
TypismA*^, Adding Maddnea^ For sale, rent, repsdred and lK>ught. MnllSgrapK and mimeograpli work done. 0. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2*179.
Notice: Beginners dancing dass will open Wednesday, April 22nd, 7:30 p. m. Class will be completed before Purdue closes. Allens, 6th and Perry.
To&edo For Sale—Size 38, in excellent condition, $7.60. W. R. Dewenter, 416 Main, LaFayette.
Lost—Cameo ring, m or near Coulter Hall. Call Godsey, 7764. Reward.
Work Offered—^Boys who wish to waiT banquets leave names at Purdue Union Cafeteria.
NOTICES tf* after • ak
Engrlish 1 Stndents, First Senaester—Students who received CTs for failure in spelling, grrnnnmnr, or theme-writing, should attend one of the special classes in these subjebts, before taking the next make-up examination. Attendance at these special classes is voluntary. The spelling class meets each Monde^ evening at 4 o’clock, in room 313. Kecitation Building. The grammar class meets Wednesday at 4 o'clock, in room 313 Recitation Budding. 'Hie them^ writing class meets Friday at 4 o’clock, in room 313, Recitation Building. 'The class In theme-wnting is the only and final oppOTtumty for students with C’s m theme-writ-ing to remove this condition, regardless of who their instructor was last semester. —WYKOFF.
English 1 Stndents, Second Students who failed the recent grammar and spelling tests are urged to attend the voluntary classes in these subjects, in order to prepare for the make-up tests. The spelling class meets Mondays at 4 o’clock, an room 313, Recitation Building. The grammar class meets Wednesdays at 4 o’clock, in room 313, Recitation Building. —WYKOFF.
amelia earhariv. , (Coutittued fjcditt pkgd 1^ * President Elliott and the friends 6f Purdue University who are rfialdn^ possible my new plane,” Miss Earhart stated. **I hope its use may re--suit in constructiye accomplishment -—both for Purdue and for women in general. This project should focus further attention upon aviation developments which are making flying the most modem, convenient and attractive form of transportation.” Tests After a period of trial flights, both in California and here at the University, fuel consumption tests will be made in cooperation with an oil company. Experiments with television, the use of oxygen, radio communication, navigation instruments and methods as well as human endurance in relation to high altitude flying will also be made. Periodic field tests will be made later in preparation for planned flights) such as transcontinental crossings and possibly a trip to South American. “We of Purdue welcome the opportunity to cooperate with Miss Earhart who is an inspiring example for youth and a fine technician in the air,” Pres. E. C. Elliott declared. The purpose of the “Amelia Earhart Research Fund” is to provide opportunity for pure and applied aeronautical research and education backgrounded on the facilities ali^sady established at Purdue. The Research Fund is expected to provide stimulating activities for the student and results of commercial value to the aeronautical industry.
Alpha Phi Omega—^Meeting postponed until Tliursday at 7 30 in room 1, Union Reception for pledges Pledges report to Mr, Cox at 7 45 Thursday —SACKS
SOIL EXPE^T-4 ^ - (Continued ii^ia pag41) ^ % 1913 he has been soils and crops cl(enii^ on the ittdf of the eKfieri-H mcnt station in charge of the research chemical laboratory with the title of research chemist. His studies of soil acidity, its causes and methods of correcting acidity have become standard the world over. Bom In ConnorsYille Professor Conner was bom in Connorsville, June 17, 1872. His parents were Henry Dicken and Rer becca (Vance) Conner. He attended Payette county schools and Connorsville high school before his registration at the University. He was a memoer ot the Knights Templar, the Kiwanis Club the University Club and was a 32nd degree Mason. He held membership in many educational societies, among them the Indiana Academy of Science, Sigma Xi, honorary research organization, American Chemical Society, American Society of Agronomy, Americal Soil Survey Association, American Association for the Advancement of Science, the International Society of Soil Science, and he was listed in “Ameiican Men of Science”, the “Who’s Who” among the scientists of this country.
ftfes^y. April'2lf 1986^ : aim-"-'” Uj
“STRIKE FOR PEACE”— (Continued from page 1) plans to present a musical comedy with a cast of ninety students, entitled, “Is There a War?” Similar conditions prevail at nearly all of the lemaining colleges, some pro
ice like"'th<^'"'liousew|fe_jsdd6s'|l^M'(idUi- mint
i
Have^ clothes Croi/on cleaned regularly
WE Wave both Naphtha and Carbon'iret Cleaning METHOOS
/ n?: f I ffi Ss ‘
>
FINE
CLEANERS
O F
FINE CLOTHES
and other against, (1) war, (2) compulsory military training, and (3) favoring the “Oxford pledge” not to participate in any war whatsoevei.
Pi Phi’s Entertain Faculty
Phillip Morris Ojfers Unique Contest For . University Students
Phillip Morris, “America’s Finest Cigarette,” is sponsoring an unus,1. uaPand unique contest with prizes Pi^Beta Phi^entertained facultyi
members and their wives at a tea
to be drawn out of the ballot box
at the chapter house Sunday after-' j^^^^ed at H. G. “Deac” Reisner’s noon. The sorority colors of wine ^he first seven names to be
and blue were used as the table centerpiece which consisted of a basket of delphiniums and snapdragons. Jayne Bennewitz, social chairman, was in charge of the
affair.
drawn will receive a humidor pack of fifty Phillip Morris cigarettes and the eighth name will receive one humidor pack and one “flat” fifty. Ninth and tenth names drawn leceive two humidor packs and two
flat fifties each. The eleventh name will receive two humidoT packs, two flat fifties, and one carton of 206 Phillip Morris’. Rules for entering this contest are simple. Just write your name and address on the reverse side of a Phillip Morris package front and deposit it in the ballot box at “Deac’s”. Drawing for the winners will be held at 12:16 p. m. on May 16 at the above store. You don’t have to be there to win.
Clagett Martin, former Exponent columnist, is now employed with the General Motors Adjustment Corporation in Louisville.
W A A Archcry-
-Practice at 4 today —BOEHM
W. A. A. HUdne—Sign on bulletin board in Women s Gym for hike Saturday to Lookout Point —DOBSON
Union Workers—Please report in subbasement of Union at 4 today. Woik will be done on Prom. Please be tiiere —SCHOLER, PUGH, QUIGGLE OHAVER, JUMP, CLARK, SHOEMAKER
W A A —Old and new council membeis are expected to attend the activities banquet this evening —ARNOLD
W A A Life Saving Class—Meeting at 8 30 tonight —RUSSELL
P I A Men’s Chorus—Practice this evening at 7 15 in the tower room Very important The following men will please report for practice and bring a new member if possible A Wagner, W C Tondy, B Karnisky, Robert Smith, P E Brumgield, T H Kimmell, H S Henry, T R Starrett R R Barrett, R E Lucas, A R. Tschudi W Landon, R Wennermark —WHITE, COX
All Junior Women—Are requested to meet in rooms 1 and 2 of Union at 4 Thursday —STRATTON Agriculturist—Meeting of new editorial staff and departmental editors m the office at 4 today Be there —PARKISON AH Girls—Co-eds interested in making May Day costumes meet in W S G A office at 4 today —TANGERMAN Union Workers—Mranbers of our committees please report in Union office at 4 today Bring fountain pens —GRIMM, KUEHN, ANSPACH Discussion Group—Meeting at 7 30 in the faculty lounge tomorrow night. The subject will be ‘ Evolution ’ —EUE^. Kappa Phi Sigma—^Meeting at 4 tomorrow in Union —ROBBINS Delta Rho Kappa—Meeting at 7 tomorrow night in Union. —ROBBINS Triad Banquet—All girls who have not yet obtained tickets do so before tonight. Tickets available at respective offices -RICHEY Eta Kappa Nu—Election of officers at 7 30 tonight in rOom 2 of the Union —BELLOWS May Day—Group 1 meet in tower room of Union at 4 today —BOLLER Phi Lambda Upsilon—Meeting for pledging postponed until Tuesday, April 28, because of junior inspection trip. —MAXON. P. I. A. Members—^AU men and women interested in working on the staff of the nirim InficpenSent during next semeeter please report to the office tomorrow at 7. —SENNSTROM Forestry Club—Meeting tonight in lecture room of Biology Building at 7. W. A. Stickler, of Mishawaka, will be the speaker Pictures will be shown —CRAIG. Glider Club—Regular meeting and election of officers Thursday at 7 in tower room —WOOD W. 8 G, A. Judicial Board—No meeting tonight _ —KELLENBBRGBE, University Choir—^Please turn tickets in at Union lobby today between 4 and 6:80 or at rehearsal _ —STEWART Playshop—Meeting of properties committee at 4 today in Playshop office Very im—GERSHUNY devisecf a method by which he can make eggs destined to hatch rooster chicks hatch hen chicks.
Baby rabbits have been produced in test tubes by Dr. Gregory PinCU8, of the Harvarfl U. biological institute.
iM
.,. she kttows the time of day
- 1
.. .for downright goodness and taste... They Sati^
© 1936, Liggett a Myers Tobacco Co