" '> W', 1, '* ^ ^ ^ (\ ^ ^ j[fr<Sfi % -C ^'i‘' -■. *1 ^ ^ ‘ Hr f ’ i." i ' '’ ^ -^ h '■ ^
,.4' ^
, X* j ^ - ^«‘' ■'> Vii’i f-' 'l?-3'!^^
’! ^ I i
; ( i <
"',. <'*“V, * f
- -"■'i
, ^ EDITORIAL ^ Comments On Student War Council
EstabUshed 1889
x/pjom4U. • It’s Coining Home
SPORTS Story Tells Of Bucket Chances
Volume 56, No. 77
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana.
Tuesday, November 16, 1943
Oracle Barrie Orchestra To Play In Union Saturday
Students, Faculty Members To Discuss Differences At Convo Next Tuesday
Beeause of differences of opinion and misunderstandings which have been expressed to the administration and faculty by the student body about some of the measures inaugurated and placed upon the University, a convocation on Tuesday, November 23, has been called by the administration and a representative of the student body. The meeting will be held at 4 p. m. in the Music Hall. \ At this time it will be possible for anyone attending the convocation to ask any questions or express any opinions about the administration to thb various officials on the stage; whereupon an answer will be given. Open
debate may follow, but the main object is to reach some mutual line of reasoning between the faculty and students as to how the campus and certain phases of it should be run. Students who wish to express opinions or ask questions are asked to take front row
Spicer Presents Unusual Program
Sororities To Continue Rush Through Friday; Preference Dinners Thursday \ Club parties will dontinue today and tomorrow in the eight sorority houses on the campus for the rushees during this week’s rush. The parties arfe informal affairs, held from 4 to 5:30 p. m. with sweaters and skirts being the accepted attire for the coeds.
By Marise Berquist '
Earle Spicer, baritone, who is noted as a ballad singer, pro-
seats so that they may be most unusual programs yet presented at the heard by those on the stage Hall when he sang for a crowd of 3,000 for the convoca-
Classes will be excused in or- ^on program Sjmday.
der that all students may be When Spicer was interviewed he said that he enjoyed most
singing for service men because they seemed to be more appreciative. On their list of fa-
vorite ballads are: “On the Road to Mandalay”, “Without a Song” and “When I was a
present at the meeting. PM Will Hold Callout Today For Workers
Glider Club Will Hold Meeting Today In The West Faculty Lounge
Thursday from 9 a. m. to 1 WBAA Plans Three New Program Series On China, Poe's Tales As the first of a series of programs to be given over station WBAA for the purpose of promoting better relations between the United Nations, a group of stories taken from ancient Chinese legends will he presented every night this week through Friday, at 7 p. m. The series of stories, a sort of Chinese Gulliver’s Travels, is being sponsored by the Chinese Students Club. The stories combine Chinese satire, folk lore, allegory and religion, history and pure
p. m. preference dinner invitations may be obtained in the Pan-Hellenic office. -Preference dinners will be in the form of formal dessert parties and will be given from 7-8:30 p. m. After 5:30 p. m. Wednesday rushees may sign preference cards in room 261 of the Union. On these cards coeds list in order of their pledging preference the eight sororities on campus. Epding rush week pledging will take place any time after 4 p. m. on Friday. Bids to pledge will be given out on Friday from 9 a. m. to 1 p. m.
Dance To Begin At 9; Continue In Ballroom Until Midnight Gracie Barrie, who has appeared in many Broadway musical comedies and revues will appear in the Union from 9 to 12 p. m. Saturday, November 20. She will not, however, come only as a performer or soloist, but will be wielding a baton in front
of her new l4-piece orchestra.
At the innocent, and for most people, pre-high school age of 13, Miss Barrie launched her singing carrier on a New York radio program. Within a year she was in “big time”, playing I I .. the supper clubs in cities from
coast to coast. Another year and Broadway was her address, co-starring with Jimmy Durante, Lupe Velez and Hal LeRoy in the musical, “Strike
Me Pink”.
Three Stage Hits After this came Hollywood and a part in “Footlight Parade”. Gracie didn’t remain there long, however, and she was soon seen in three consecutive stage hits: George White’s “Scandals”, “The” Show Is On” and “Crazy with the Heat”. ,
University Glider Club will hold its regular weekly meeting today
at 7:30 p. m. in the West Faculty poetry.
The second group of programs.
Chicago Recreafion Group Hears Dr. F. R. Eastwood Talk On Present Problems
Lad”. He is a current favorite at the famous New York Stage Door Canteen, appearing there between his regular engagements. One of the stories he likes best
All students interested may at- to tell about is his experience at the tend Uie PIA callout today in the White House. It seems he was to PIA office in the Union. Many op- sing before the President when he
portunities are offered to students was suddenly struck with a serious Lounge. Discussion of the single with talent'and interests in such case of laryngitis. Like a true ar- place glider which club members fields as publicity, radio, member- tist he decided not to withdraw are finishing will be the main busiship and business. Those with a from the performance. He had just ness of the evening, talent for journalism will be inter- completed his fiist gioup of ballads Five members of the club have ested in the PIA column which is when he lost his voice sonfipletely. soloed in the last month in the
to appear in the Exponent soon. This was-'a very difficult moment club’s two-place glider. They are, vdrsity student, who will speak on At the opening session Professor New members will be eligible to for both the artist and his audience, in order of soloing: Dick Ball, Dick present political and social prob- Eastwood declared that a good recserve on the executive board. He left the stage and Mrs. Roose- Cunningham, Paul Schroeder Les- lems, as well as cultural aspects of reation program for workers will PIA, in an attempt to bring the immediately stepped forward jjg Nelson and Loren Bright. Earl China. 'assist in reducing absenteeism, proindependent students more closely accept his apologies Schakel, graduate of the University “Plans lor Peace,” formerly mote production and safety, im-
another invitation to working for the Morrow heard at 7 p. m. Wednesday, will prove general body condition, gen-
Airplane Company, is instructor for how be heard at 7:15 the same eve- ei-ate team mindedness which is one the group. ning. of the components of morale, and The Glider Club works with their ^ “The Road to Fear” will be heard provide a wholesome way of relax-
gjider on an auxiliary landing field
south of the airport.
Dr. Floyd R. Eastwood, professor of industrial recreation at the Uni-
also sponsored by the Chinese Stu- versity and president of the Indusdent’s Club, will consist of 15 min- trial Reci-eation Association, was ute programs to be presented every one of the featured speakers at the Friday evening at 7:45. These pro- Chicago recreation conference over
grams will feature G. B. Wu, a Uni- the week end.
together, sponsors numerous social White House, activities, including dances, parties. Different Program
smokers, bo-drling tournaments and
others.
Foundation Commissions Fred C. Kelly To Write Biography Of Dave Ross
Red Cross Will Sponsor Senior Life Saving Course Prof. Marion Russell of the wom-
twice weekly. Bill Warrick will narrate this horror program based on the tales of Edgar Allen Poe. This series is the first of its kind to be heard on station WBAA, and is the result of a popular demand
by radio listeners.
Volleyball Practices
Begin Xomorrow . . . president of the University, Volley ball practices for WAA left Sunday for New York City to
ing from strains and tensions associated with war production. He was also one of the principal discussion leaders at the session on the topic, “Recreation for War Workers,” which preceded the final
general session.
E. C. Elliott
Sunday’s program was totally different from any of the previous vocal recitals of this year. The program was divided into three sections: traditional English ballads, Shakespeare, Gilbert and Sullivan, and traditional American ballads. The singer began the progi-am with an explanation of the general scheme of old English ballads, prov-
University Research Foundation ing his points with such character- en’s physical education department has commissioned Fred C. Kelley, istic examples as “The Bashful will conduct a water safety instrucauthor, to write the biography of Lover” and “Up from Zomerset.” tors’ course Thursday evenings for
the late David E. Ross, who died These two ballads showed Mr. Spi- senior life savers, begining Thurs- begin Wednesday and they will con- attend a meeting of the Board of last summer after serving for cer s skill at interpreting different day evenig at 7:30, in room 6 of the tinue through the next week. WAA Trustees of the Carnegie Coiporamany years as president of the I’oles done in dialect of the land Memorial gymnasium. Participants members are eligible, and only two tion. He is to speak tomorrow Board of Trustees of the Univer- from which they came. The Bash- must be at least 18 years old. practice sessions for each girl are night at a dinner meeting in his sity, according to an announcement fnl Lover carried the audience pgr further information phone required. Actual games will begin honor given by the University by Pi’esident E. C. Elliott last week, fi’om the smiling mood to outright Migs Russell, 3779. during the first week of Decembei-. Alumni Club of New York.
Kelley, who was selected for the '^’^shtei.
task by the directors at their meet-
ing several weeks ago, came to La- “When I Was a Lad” in which the
audience joined in the singing.
fayette last week to begin gathering material for the book. He intends to interview Ross’s associates both here and at Brookston. “The Wright Brothers,” biography of the co-inventors of the
Great audience interest was gained during the second portion of the program when students and faculty took part in a Shakesperean quiz in which they answered questions various Shakesperean drama
first airplane, is one of Kelley s mu ..t.- j i • , t: titles. The third or closing group Works. In addition he has written u ui u „
was probably not as merry as the English ballads, but it was highly
entertaining and interesting. Two Encores Presented
In response to the audience he did two encores, “The Train To-
many articles for national periodicals. The author is a close friend of Booth Tarkington and George Ade, two famous Indiana Writers.
Again . . .
Miss Indiana Will Face Traditional Cremating Ceremonies Once Again By Bill Paisley ”■ The cream and emaciated old Even in death. Miss Indiana was on dents’ right to see a beautiful blazbabe who goes under the title of hand to record the Boilermakers’ ing funeral of the sawdust cadaver
Mis|3 Indiana will die a death more progress.
morrow,” one of his most clever ^iol'ent than ever before when that Attempted Kidnap
and swift moving numbers, in which
was stopped quickly. The body was reassembled by skilled morticians
. big black team called the Riveters Nineteen forty-one saw Miss In- and placed in its position of state he did his own awompaniment. e assembly line methods diana’s legended scholars attempt in the Union. Final rites were held othei. Old Zip on her. to kidnap her body fiom the Union that night when, at the pep session.
Senior photographs for the 1944 standing feature of the program as Indiana’s ances- to save it from the moibid end. It she was cremated,
Spitzer Dies In Airplane
Accident
Body of Capt. Robert D. Spitzer, University alumnus, was found November 7 in a plane wreck somewhere in the mountains of Utah. He had been missing since July. Spitzer’s death climaxed an exciting career as navigator of a fiying foi’tress in the Army Air Corps. Spitzer dropped the first bombs on Guadacanal which began a six-day air pounding to soften the Japs for the attatk by the Marines. He was in the battle of Midway and saw ac-
tion over Wake Island.
Ira Wolfert in his best seller, “Battle for the Solomons,” described probably the most spectacular dog fighting ever experienced by a heavy bomber, in which Spitzer figured very prominently. In this battle a U. S. four-motored bomber, the B-17, took on the Japs’ best four-motored bomber, the Kawanishi 97 flying boat. In the ensuing combat the fort power dived, made tight turns with half rolls and banks past the vertical. The fort did everything that might be expected of a light fighter plane in weather in which a light plane could
not fly.
Spectacular Flying Described After 44 long minutes, the fortress circled at 200 feet over the flaming wreck of the Jap plane in the Pacific below. During the battle five of the fortress’s gun turrets were shot out. Spitzer, then a lieutenant, did his share of the fighting in the sixth tilrret. He was burned in five different places by bullets that whistled through his glass emplacement. When the battle was over Spitzer dropped his machine guns and picked up a movie camera. He was grinding on this, getting proof of the kill, when h|s plane turned for home. Some of the honors bestowed on Capt. Spitzer were two Distinguished Flying Crosses, two Purple Heart awards and four J^h' Medals. While attending the Univei’sity he was a student in the School of Science.
School Leaders End
Two-Day Conference Here Thiity-five high school administrators and vocational directors fiom Indiana and Illinois ended a two-day conference of the educational values of work experience at the University yesterday. Dr. Paul Jacobson of the University of Chicago acted as discussion leader for the final day of the conference, which was devoted to reports of four committee appointed to study objectives, related activities, techniques of administration
and evaluation.
Debris Sets New Date
For Senior Photographs , ^ „ biciit mtJijL’ itsHtJiiiuiy ixiit; iiiutiiucm iiihiih s sciioiiirs iiLLCiiipu in tiic union, inui rites were neici ^ ■ 3 r 7i„ nn«n nnf. 5UflOer/lfl jpGaKS Debris will be taken during the it was played to the accompaniment ^11 dummies too, have sufr happened when members of the In- I. U. students’ morale was very Tn PT^ C^n f-nrt/Tc
week of November 29 to December 3, instead of November 22 to 26, as previously announced. Those appointments which have been made will be changed to the same day and
time on the following week. Of an estimated 1000 students
who are eligible to have their pictures in the yearbook, only 150 seniprs have made appointnients. Army, Navy and Marine students, as well as civilians, who will graduate during 1944 may have their pictures in this edition of Debris,
which will come out in June.
fered the same traditional cremat- diana University track team took low last year, when they heard of ing that will prevail this year, but advantage of their residence in the the special welcome that the Boiler-
this year will inevitably see the most morbid death ever dealt her. She will probably grace her accustomed place in the Union again this
of “Turkey in the Straw.’' Dr. E. L. Butz
\
... of the depai’tment of agiicul tural economics has been granted :
leave of absence from November 15, year.
1943, to June 30, 1944, to join the In ^ 1940 her charred body was
staff of the Brookings Institution in used 'to an advantage. The ashes body were found in the trunk of the Washington, Dean H. J. Reed of the of her remains were not scattered car driven by an I. U. freshman by
school of agriculture announced to the winds as has been the cusyesterday. Dr. Butz will be in tom with the debris of so many of charge of research on certain her relatives. Instead the ashes phases of the Farm Credit Admin- were used to supplement the lime istration. supply for liming the gridiron.
Union Club to turn to the role of makers had prepared for them. Miss corpse snatchers and kidnapped Indiana was grief-stricken when the lamented Miss Indiana from she heard that silent figures hung the great hall of the Union as she from the campus trees, their arms lay in state. and legs moving ever so slightly in The broken remains of her frail the breeze, but they could easily be
recognized as the silent forms of the Indiana football team, includ-
a West Lafayette police officer as- ing Cowan, Hillenbrand, McKinsey sisted by Exponent editors. and the stuffed female’s jn'ide and Robbery Prevented/ joy, coach Bo McMillin. This attempt at pre-grave rob- This year is still another story, bing and the stealing of local stu- How will it turn out?
Dr. Gertrude Sunderlin, member of the foods and nutrition department, spoke before a meeting of the Parent Teachers Association last night on the subject of “New Wartime Foods.” Dr. Sunderlin told of the many uses gf soy beans for wartime diet and of the different types of soy beans and their uses in enlarging the variety in meals. Also covered in the speech were the many new foods which %\ ill soon be on the market due to rationing of what are now the most popular foods.
Engineer Staff To Hold Callout Today, 5 P. M. Purdue Engineer will hold a callout today, 2 to 5 p. m., in room 356 of the Union. Although this call is especially for service men, cadettes and freshmen in engineering, all other engineers who are interested are urged to attend the callout. Those on the editorial staff will have an opportunity to write feature articles and become familiar with the organization of the issues and printing plant operation. Business staff is concerned with the receiving of money due, paying bills and finding new sources of revenue. Distiibution and the securing of new subscriptions are in the hands of the circulation department. Local and national ads are taken caj-e of by the advertising staff. A position on this staff would provide much sales experience. The Engineer, one of the few monthly college engineering publications, has an editorial policy of bringing the best in engineering news and research at the University to its readers. Carl Miner To Speak On 'Chemical Paten|s' k\ AlChE Meeting Carl Miner, director of the Miner Laboratories, will speak at the November meeting of the University chapter of the American Istitute of Chemical Engineers, to be held at 7:30 p. m tomorrow in room 302 of the Chemical Engieering Building. The subject of Mfiier’s talk will be “Chemical Patents.” Miner i$ a noted Consulting engineer, having gained his expeinence in work done for Commercial Solvents, Glycerine Products Association, Quaker Oats and several other large concerns. Dr. F. N. Peters, working under Miner, developed a commercial process for the manufacture of furfural, which is very important in the extraction of butadiene and in the petroleum industry. All faculty members and students of chemical engineering and chemistiy, as well as service men taking courses in those departments, are invited to attend. Book Exchange Due to the sorority rush the Student Book Exchange will not be open Tuesday and Wednesday. The Exchange will be open for the last times in room 257 Thursday, November 18, from 1 to 5 and on Friday from 4 to 5. All books and money must be collected on thqse days. —GANNON
''M> {•
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
'.V
Tuesday, November 16, 1943
Purdue Exponent
combined with
Purdue Indepeiidenf
Offices: Ediforial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phope 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor Business Mnnag^er.. News Editor Manaj^insr Editor Sports Editors
Ellis Murphy Mary Dilts William H. Tysoi? Carolyn Wilbur -Raymond J. Smith, Russell M. Lipes
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors: Jack Abbott, Ruth M. Ford, Madelyn A, Grolncs, Janu.'s T. Richardson, Marparct Y. StefTes, James Ackorman. Frank Vcjvh. Service Staff: Morris Bettor. Gabriol Elias, Loo Friedman, Jack Martirc, Jay Newman.
Business Staff
AdverlisinR Manager: C. L. Gaunt. Assistant Advertising: Manaper: Betty Maney. Circulation Manager: R. G. Sauerman.
Staff For This Issue
Day Editor Issue Editor:
Vipht Editor: Richardson
t-ity Editor: Ford
Sports Editor: P. Garber Reporters: Krc, Stetfes. Georgreson, Ledever, Behel Bveu^ks, Str(’(’ter. Goetz. Billin^js, Lewis, Miller, B. \y. Garber, Hermann. R. Gregory. StafT Photographer: W. C. Tolbcr
: Mann Garrett
Paisley. Gregory,
Entered as second class matter at the po.st office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act. of October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday. Thursday and Saturday mornings during the year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily by carrier fur i?1.2o for-a semester; by mail for $1.60 for a semester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent otTice or at the West De.sk of the Unioii. Repre.serted for national, advertising by'National Advertising Service, Inc.. C’ollege Publishera Repreaentativea, 420 Madison Ave.,. New York, N. Y.
By DREW PEARSON Mystery Syrmypds Tax Law Lob^ byist's
Meanwhile. Brew.ster,' Locklieecl, Consolidated and Cui'tiss-Wi'ig'ht had raised a pool of $65,000 to pay for lobbying for this amendment.' Of this, $.30,000 went . to Comfort. He received his first $15,000 in mid-October, 1940. On Oct. 27, 1910, approximately one week later, Comfoi't drew a.cheek foi- .$10,000 on the lowa-Des Moines National Bank and Ti'ust Company, payalde to himself, and cashed the check. So fai- as can be ascei’taincd, he did not cleposit the . cash in any saving.s account. Examination of his clieeldng account shows that cliecks of this size were distinctly, unusual. Yet, when questioned. Comfort Was not able to remember what he did with the cash. In December, 1910, Comfort received a second $15,-. 000 from the airplane companie.s, and on Dec. 28, he signed a check for himself for $3,900 and a check to hi.s brother, George B. (k)mfort, for $7,500. Both checks^ were cashed the same day, and examination of both Comfort’s and his brother’s personal accounts siiows that no deposits even remotely approximating the size of these sums were made during an extended period thereafter. Again Comfort was unable to remember what he or hi.s brother had done with the money. Big question in Wasiiington is: Who got the money’/ NO'l’E: III August, 1912, Pre.sident Roosevelt asked loi' an inve;J .(.-alien oi' tlie wlioie matter, including Ollier Brew.sler ii rev'iibij ilies. Eifteen months liave now passed wi. .,Ring action.
. \ Where's The War Council? .
On December 16,1941, the students then enrolled in the University met in the Music Hall to hear President Elliott speak about the new conditions resulting from the Declaration of war which would affect the University. One of the things mentioned by tli.e President at the convoca.tion was the formation of a STUDENT WAJl COUNCIL, which would be a group of students selected originally by the faculty and thereafter by the students and faculty. The purpose of this grpup w^s tp actively aid the students in doing their bit.for the war effort and also to help students present their problems which result from war time conditions to the faculty and the administrative organization of the University. Basically, then, the WAR COUNCIL was designed to solve problems of students and to make a better relationship between faculty and the students. For a period of-at least one year the WAR COUNCIL functioned fairly well. They sponsored convos for the purpose of raising the number of war stamp sales on the campus. They sponsored scrap drives, and driyes for old tires and other reclaimable rubber articles. The COUNCIL assisted the faculty in revising some of the rules and regulations governing students.
h^dependent lnktih§s
T\
WBAA Schedule
“The way I see it, if we’re gonna run away from home, we better do it now, before we have to get permission from our draft board.”
juai WASHINGTOX—There may be a lot moi'o. than meets the eye behind the $30,000 fee paid to Frank J. Comfort, ex-Demoera.lic National Committee man liom Iowa and cdose political associate of ex-Senator Clyde Herring, in return for getting tax legislation introduced wliich benefited the airplane manufacturing: companies. The big unanswered question is: Did Comfdi't pass part of the, money on to someone else? It lias Ijee.n ascertained'fhat Comfort cashed a chock for $10,000 shortly after he received his first payment from the airplane companie.s. He got this $10,000 in cash. AVhat did he do with it?' When asked about it, he. said he didn’t remember. . Then, after a second installment was paid by the airplane companies. Comfort and his brother drew out ,$11,400, also in cash. Again, they dop’t reinelnber what happened to this money. Here is the story of this unusual transaction: The Brewster Aeronautical Corporation, now being investigated by the hard-hitting House Naval Affairs Committee,'discovered that the tax bill of 1940 would not permit advance payments by foreign governments to be classified as borrowed invested capital. This made a difference of thousands, perhaps millions in taxes to certain airplane companies. Hence, Brewster lobbyists attempted to get Senator Wagner of New York to introduce an amendment favoring their tax situation. He would have none of it. Then they tried Senator Herring of loiva. He also refused. Then the airplane lobbyists contacted Herring’s close friend and political mentor, Frank Comfort, in Des Moines. He came to tVashington, registered at the Mayflower Hotel, where Herring lived, and shortly thereafter Herring introduced the proposed tax amendment. It became law and .saved the airplane companies a tremendous tax bill.
Some people may believe that all problems which the WAR COUNCIL might help to solve have all been solved, but any one who has his eyes and ears open will realize that this could not possibly be the case. The new problems which will be aired at the Opinions convo will undoubtedly prove that fact. The members of the WAR COUNCIL must he slipping into a coma or a state of complacency. However, regardless of what'they might he slipping into, we trust they can and will be aroused. If they accepted the responsibility of doing a job that is as essential as studentfaculty relatipns are it is high time they again started to\do what is expected of them, instead of basking in the reflected glory of the former members.
University Calendar
1:00 P.M. 4:3.0 P.M. 6:30 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
1:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M.
9:00 A.M. 12:00 noon 4:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 8:30 P.M.
“If I werej the angel Gabriel and you and Sumner Welles should! Itome before me seekiiig admissidri Into the gates of Heaven, do you know what I’d say? I would say; “ ‘Bill Bullitt, you have defamed the name of a man who toiled for his fellow-men, and you can go to Hell.’ And that’s what I tell you to do now.” RepyblicaBis A group of automobile industry spokesmen was given a telling insight into the mental makeup of two types of Republicans during a dinner the other night at the Willard Hotel. , Two speakers were Senator Arthur Vandenberg of Michigan and Senator Harold H. Burton of Ohio, both Republicans. Vandenberg spoke first, delivering a fiery tirade against “government control” of business. After the war, he said, it would be a different stoi'y. Peacetime
All Day 9:00 A.M. 7:00 P.M. 8:00 P.M. 8:00 P.M,
10:00 A.M. 9:00 A.M. 9:00 P.M.
Tuesday# November 16 Book Exchange. E. Reception Room, Union Tail Beta Pi Initiation .........Room 355, Union Alpha Kappa Lambda Meeting Room 302, Union Social Science Seminar W. Faculty Lge., Union Glider Club.... ; iRoom 366, Union Pan-Hellenic Rush Rooms 261-263, Union Wednesday, November 17 Book Exchange...... :... Reception Room, Union Phi Kappa Psi Meeting^ Room 303, Union Thursday, November 18 Pan-Hellenic Group.............. Room 212, Union Women’s Pan-Hellenic; Room‘"263, Union Committee on State of University ....Room 263, Union American Chemical Society Room 211, Coultgr Hall Pan-Hellenic Council W. Faculty Lge., Union Pan-Hellenic Rush Room 261, Union Friday, November 19 Indiana Cattle Feeders Association.......'. ..Purdue Farm Guidance Conference.. .........E, Faculty Lge., Union Service Show (seiVice mpn only). f. Hall of Music Indiana Statewide Elec. Conf...; ......E. Faculty Lge., Union Pan-American Club.- W. Faculty Lge., Union Saturday, November 20 ' Indiana Council of Teacher's’ Unions Room 263, Union Guidance Conference..... :..E. & W. Faculty Lges., Union Dances Both Ballrooms, Union
Tuesday 10:3G—News JQ:46—Stnile Time 11:00—Music lU^.O—Pgrijrfe New? 11:66—News 12:00—Farm Forum 12r30—J^eet the Barrel 12';56--Nbws 1:00—Hpmem^kers Club 1:16—Music 1:30—Adventures in Research 1:45—Markets , 1:65—News 2:00—^Story’a Day 2:15—Music “ 2 :30—Treasure Chest 2:65—News 3:00—Afternoon Melodies 3:15—Music 3:30—Musical Varieties 3:65—News 4:00—Tea Time Tunes 4:30—Just Relax 4:55—News 5:00—Little Miss Muffett 6:15—Music ' 6:30—Vespers 6:45—Music 6.00—Minute of Prayer 6:01—Dinner Hour 6:65—News 7:00—Chinese Stories 7:16—South American Way 7:46—Report to the People 7:56—News 8:00—Avard Mitchell, pianist 8; 16-—Parade of Business 8:30—From the Press Box 8:45—Music . 8:55-—News, 9:00—Musicana 9:15—“'The Road to Fear” 9:46^—NeWs
By Jack Abbett
One. fact is significant in the fighting in Russia. The Germans, who are being pushed back are taking an even harder
conversion of industry would be in the hands ot'^a “dy- . ,
■ ?roup” of business leaders who wouldn’t stand beating than the once continually retreating Russians, are still
for any meddling by bureaucrats. We must look to the able to maintain the organizational struetpre of their armies captains of industry if we are to prevent another de- in an effective fighting force. The Germans have always been pr.essnon, Vandenberg thundered. famous for their ability to remain in fighting force even when
When H came Burton’s turn to speak, the Ohioan
delivered no oration. He was short and to the point. Stared them m the ^^
Burton said that he wanted to ask the automobile as it IS now and as it was
. in other arms production, but with
leaders a few questions about their post-war plans, during the German retreat on all this joy, there is still present the One question was: \ the Western Front,in 1918. The fact that all goods produced out of What have you gentlemen done about consulting Germans are undoubtedly in have been drasatically cut. ganized labor about post-war industrial problems? for'their worst beatinv in their present the repercus-,-v r UD ^ ■ V . u- Sions of the recent coal strikp which
history in Russia, but big time , « ■ , ■
are still flying around in the air, the
Wednesday 10:30—News
10:45—Smile Time
11:00—Music
11:60-^—^Purdue News
11:55;—News
12:00—Farm Forum 12:30—Meet the Band
12:55—^ews
1:00—Homemakers Club 1:|16—Music . 1:30—Parents’ Forum 1:45—Markets
1:55—News
2:00—^tory a Day 2:16—Treasury Star Parade
2:30—Mpsic2:55—News
-Lee and tIpr Piano -Lest We Forget -Musical Varieties
-News
Tea Time Tunes 4:30—Just Relax 4:55-—News
5:00—^Little iVfiss Muffett
5:30—Vespers
5:45—Sports Review 6:0O—Minute of Prayer 6:01—Dinner Hour
6:55—News
7:00—Plans for Peace, Prof. Lom-
mel
7:15—Music 7:30—Ruth Ralston, singer 7:45—Music 7:55—News 8:00—Scientific News •8:15—Ed Memmer . 8:30—Music 8:46—Eventide Echoes 8:55;—News
3:554:00-
organized
That, to me, is a very important question, for yon must realize that you must cooperate with labor if you
expect labor to cooperatewith you.”
Back From Dead
A Harlem Negress has declined to accept $6,000
from the War Shipping Administration.
WSA had a check all written out, representing in- ments. surance on a; certain Negro seaman \Cho had been missing for such a peripd that officials ruled he was When
gamblers could lay high bets with anyone guillible enough to think that the Germans are going to break and run in confusion and could consider their bets fairly safe invest-
Jap revolt at their internment camp in California, and murder and other such crimes that have been committed in this .“fair” land. .
“presumed dead”.
the
—X-X-Allies
entered Italy
Buy War Bonds
proper, they considered that with
BySlif-f- Rebuited
Several week.-; before the I'eceril Philadelphia election, ex-.Anibu.ssador Bill BiilliU came down to .see his old friend the President to jiavo the way for a iilace for him,sell in the Koo-evelt Adrninisti'ation' in case of deieal. Apparently lie iiad a in'oinoiiition that hi.s race to lieeome klayoi' of Pliiladeljiliia wa.s going to fail. ' , Hallitl lias iuiov.ri the J’resideid, for many years, has received nuinerou.s liigh honor.s i'j'oni liiin as Amljassador to Rui-..‘-;ia and Amhas.sadur to France. But in ■ recent inoiilhs that friendshi)) lues dulled, due to the campaign Btilliti waged against ex-lJrider.secretary of State iSumiier Welle.s. .Bullitt lias lieen su.spected oi .seeking, Welles’ Job, and- eventually .stepping into Hiill’.s shoes a;; Secretary ol'State. riio Klory is Ihut, when Bullitt sounded out the PrVrident about coming back to W'ashington, FDK is said fo have replied in wwds to tliis effect:
But the wife, his beneficiary, had other .sources of Marshal Pietro Badoglio as the head information. She had consulted a fortune teller, had of the new “ciemocratic” governbeen assured her husband was still alive. / ment, all Allied troubles would be She feared that accepting the cheek would' mean over in the areas they conquered accepting the official judgment, and she preferred to But this illusion did not remain long forego the five grand and cling to supernatural as- in the minds of the Allied leaders, ' . . for they began to .see that Badoglio And there may be something in it. Many a seaman had his own game of political inlas turned up after he has been filed away in Wash- trigue, and so did King. Vittorio ington among the “presumptive dead”. Names are Emanuele and Mussolini. Badoglio now coming through of men held in Axis prison camps, and the King were under the thumb who disapparead on ocean voyages a year or more ago. of the Allies, but Mussolini, who ^ In many cases, their insurance ($6,000 for death) still has. some underground power, ha^ been paid, and WSA is confronted with the prdb- was in the Nazi camp playing his om of getting the money back again. They get an own kind of politics in his own inaccoinitmg from the beneficiary of the part already imitahle \vay. The question is who .spent, and if spont properly—not on j'iotous living— is going to take over in Italy in a th^ write It ofl' ,the hooks. political shakeup that will probably any a dramatic scene has occurred when a gov- mean a completely new government eminent official walks into a seaman’s home, and says, with completely new faces? “Your husband is not xlead after all, and we’d like to _X-X— have the money back.” With everyone warning everyone nese insurance payments gave rise to a dock-side else and then turning around and mcket in the early days of .submarine warfare, when .smiling at the world and saying that 1 was a fifty-fifty chance that departing seamen everything is right with the world
LEARN TO DANCE ADULT BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS Wed., Dec, 1, 7:30 P. M, ADVANCED CLASS Thurs., Dee. 2, 7:30 P.M. Adult Tap Classes Precede Ballroom Classes CHILDREN'S CLASSES DEC. 4th
would never return.
and Hitler and Tojo are still in their
, mn-men saw the chance of making a killing on this respective capitals and no one knows gamble with human lives. They approached seamen where Mrs. Roosevelt is, the inter'f“I’9 give you nal conflicts that have been raging $3,000 if you 11 make me your beneficiary.” throughout the United. States have f he seanmn had everything to gain, nothing to lose, done a good job in making many It meant .$3,000 in hand, and if he never came hack, Americans wonder just what is go-
ing on in this country. The answer
But Wai bhipinng Administration got wind of the is not yet apparent. The United racket ami stopped it by requiring that heneficiarie* States has been seeing an increase
lot fife insurance must be close relatives.
seeing an increase
in plane production and an increase
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS
Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing
MILLER MUSIC CO.
514 Main Lafayette Phone 7917
Greetings, intellectuals and fresh )n|Bp, let nie jutpodhcg tbi? fjolumn to you. A bit of history will aid in the formalities. Perhaps one of the first war casualties on the campus was the disepfitinuatipp fif t,h,e ‘Thdependent,” bi-monthly nPWPRgpPI’ spopsprec} by the PiA''^op behalf of the ipdependent studepts. Thp “ludependent” is now merged \ii)ith the “Exponent” and the PIA sponsors this column (and furnishes me with adpenilin once a week) for: just sujlh independent students. Come rain, shine,'’*’OPA or your local draft board, you’ll still be on the campus' in numbers and create news, dirt, etc. So, independents, this is ypiir column, written by an independent, for the indppendent and of the‘independent. (Phraseology box'rowed—credit given to Lincoln.) Now that that’s off my mind, let’s' delve into the business at hand and spp'what’s cookin’. ‘ (H. E.^s take note.) ■ Despite a supimer shut-down. Shoemaker House opened this semester with a hubbub of days of old and the pins ai’e flying fast.' “Hankie” Davis proudly sports. Jipi Hull’s pin after a happy summer. Avis Flack has appointed herself good-will agent to Roachdale House through Bob Nash. “Ruthie” Ghe.ster and .Hilda (cheery cheer leader) Gettinger have received diamonds from Nelson Porter and Stanley Hudson, respectively. . . . Congrats are also in order for Mary Ann Mackey, who is now the bride of Leslie Renner. Despite the bustling biz over there, reports indicate that several are as yet not “spoken fer”so—on the.beam, bo5is! I Wonder : ^ How many other unlucky souls b.esides myself noticed the walling of trumpet and clarinet (no not James and Wald!) pouring fortF from the Luma House roof last week? Seems as though the object was to. collect enough vegetables from the angry public to feed the house the-rest of the term. Ahyhoo, musicians Dick Hanft and'Art Wicker are hot complaining—probably vegetarians.-.. . Oh-Pin-Yawns Marilee Peterson of Shoemaker (again?) now displays former prexy Jerry'Clodfelter’s AGR pin.‘ Bert Hofferth, Kneale House’s? gift to Chem Engineering, has tiedy the knot with Madelype Reininger, of Kouts, Ind. , y, ‘ ’Nuff said for this ice-breaker. If any of you independent houses. pi’-‘ Students have contributions, please, drop them in the PIA box in -the Exponent office and I’ll take care of them. Everything appreciated. (Except attempts oh my life.)
9:00—Musicana 9:30—Anything but Swing 9:55—News
Starring LUISE ARTURp Rainer ■ de Cordova WILLIAM PAUL Bendix • Mas with^Katina Paxinou ^ Oscar Honiolkay
t.
!Army, M^avy, Marine News
IL '*.'
■|br Service Men^ By Service Men
flose Fags
/. Service men who are used to lighting a cigarette most any (pl4pe that their fancy feels suij:able m4y be a fc^it frustrated jay ‘^th|^ |JhiVer$ity ypgUlations vl^hich p^qhibjl; sipo^ing in afiy of .the buildings on the campus with the possible exception of the Ip t^|\p past, therp have been several fires op the caippus, 'siJ^fn|’p| Wiiich haA^e'^bfeen ■ serioh^. 'Thes^ incidents* bit*6u’g'ht 'about the prohibitive regulations. < l^estriptiops such as these are pot just made up to bother the ^indents, bpt they have been established in or4er to protect thb property that has been purchased with the state apd ifedp^al ,ta^|>hyers' money. In the last analysis: THAT’S uk If only a pefsonaTipterest, we would be wise to be careful. • It’s getting colder now and the impulse to spioke while still upside the M. E. or Education buildings is reinforced. But j^Vb'|dipg thfe possible consequences is worth the slight incon;ypn|4pce of goipg opt into the cold on these winter days. Hut ieven outside matches and “butts” pre dangerous. IVIost of us ,hvere taught the proper way to “GI” a cigarette so that it wpuld .‘disappear. We did that back in the troops to avoid picking up %4^rt4d yerhains on the policing job. That habit is a good one |p rfev|vp here on |^he capipus. The double purpose is served: fifst and perhaps more important is that there wil} be no H^fhted butts to start-fires and, secondly, the remains will not litter the campus, which is after all your campus. It’s n'ot'tpo much for us to do. Let’s confine our smoking to outside and even then make sure that there will be no tobacco hmbers or matches to ignite the buildings.—j.g.m.
Ifgy War Bonds And Staijips
HERRY-GO- ROUHEt
The leaders and the peoples of the entire world today are watching Washingtbn. For what happens there affects what happens everywhere. The unprecedented importance of Washington news and its bewildering mass make it of special value now to have, besides running nows reports, a column summarizing, clarifying, frttefprdting them. For this the nation's No. I column is Drew Pearscn's The Washington Merry-Go-Round. Look for it in the PmpilE EXPPiJENT
The Forum By pfc. 6a|)riel Elias 'Interiidtional House ' Several weeks ago tfie Moscow conference laW.fchei.groulidwork for I)ost‘-war international cooperation. Less than 15 days ago the UNRRA, the ftrst practical international cooperative organization to be born opt of this war, elected its administrative officers and got on the important job of helping peo,ple all over tbe world “help themselves.” In Enrpue .University, this tea-m has witnessed a novel contribution to the growing cooperation between nations when the South American cadets moved in and rapidly became a welcome part of our pampus. In keeping With the humanitarian neighborlipess that must come out of this war if the world’s youth is not to be sacrificed in vain, it is incumbent upon us to recognize another group, the International Honse. ‘ We speak about brotherly love, about living with) our neighbors and about our great ideals of selfless non-moneyed living. In American life, the movement that best exemplifies these great ideals is the cooperative movement. In Purdue the best exponents of this spirit in actual living, we expect, are the cooperative houses. True, many of the members of the cooperative houses may join becapse of the savings that result and not out of understanding idealism; but that’s not the point. The very fact that the cooperative movement can work efficiently even for people who do not cherish its ideals is prime proof of its Realistic powei’. In this connection we salute, especially, the International House; for they, perhaps more than any other house, exist not only to save their members money, but to perpetuate the high ideals of true cooperativism- Of this they are truly proud and it is our duty to encourage them wherever we can. We salute them, too, for understanding that brothei'liness extends beyond color, beyond boundaries, beyond all limitations. Accepting our ideals at their face value,— without giving in a bit or trying to apologize for their convictions—the International House has been putting into practice those principles which we all espouse, but which we generally forget right after our Sunday services. The International House compels itself to get along with the world; for it’s constitution provides that one-third of its members must be American white members, one-thu'd American colored and one-third from foreign countries. The foreign students have usually been white, thus bringing a predominant white group that has gone out of its way to live the ideal of racial biotherhood right here in the campus. We salute, too. Rev. Balsley, Dr.
AST Patter By T/6 Morris Better IN ADDITION TO OTHE& DUTIES ' To paraphrase an o|d saying, the War Department must like second lieutenants because it made so many of them. True, they have been turned out of OC S'chools on a niass production basis but from all appearances, the only affection must be'coming from the War Department. With the possible exception of acting eotporals, the second looey is the mostiibbed, most maligned, most plotted against person in the Army. His supeiior officers tell him off to his face and the EM talk behind his back. He’s the guy who demands military courtesy to the letter and who, only a few months befor-e, was himself slipping around corners in order to avoid saluting. He’s the guy who sneaks up on rookie sentinels in the dark. He’s the guy who finds extra duty for you so that he can take your girl out for a gUod time. He’s a, plothes horse. He has the imagination of a grasshopper and a heart of cement. He’s neither fish nor fowl—an inbetween who doesn’t feel sePure as an officer and can no longer be an enlisted man. As a recent quip puts it; he’s the guy who looks back wistfully and wishes he were an enlisted man again—or at least a captain. No one ever tries td understand his plight. He gets out of OC School ready and anxious to take over a gun battery, for example, and he winds up as mess or supply officer in a training center. He gets every bum assignment including one week end OD after another. He invariably winds up with a bunch of nOn-coms who are at least ten years older and with marks to rub it in. These NCO’s delight in telling him how they could have been commissioned captains right out but preferred to remain enlisted men—-all of which is enough to make the gold bars tarnish. Since none of the stuff written about them ever directs any sympathy for our much-maligned comrades, when one does run across a good word in their behalf, it is worth repeating—even if only to break the monotony. Since it may also help dispel a myth oi two, here’s a current Reader’s Digest yarn worthy of such repetition. The shavetail in this particular story is a fresh Field Artillery DCS product who did so well that he was retained by the school to teach gunnery to other officeis. His first class consisted of a ^roup of officers, the lowest rank of which was major. What a spot! After trembling outside the classroom door, he strode in, looked at his pupils defiantly, swallowed haid and said: “Theie are at least 10,000 officers in the Army who know more about this subject than I do—but,” he continued after a pause, “I don’t see any of them here today.” The officers retreated to pieviously prepared positions and the little 2nd looey was complete mastei of the situation.
AST Graduates Receive Diphmas First AST soldiers to have completed their training at the University werk graduated last Saturday afternoon at Powltbr Hall. The eight men were presented with certificates by President Elliott in the presence of Col. D. M. Beere, Lt. Col. Hicks, army officers, many members of the faculty and over a thou-
sand trainees.
At 2:15 p. m. the ceremonies .started with. Colonel Beere giving a short talk to the gradu- — - - ate aoldier? in the auditcriufn. did not take long, but Dr. EllfotUa Upon completion of this duty, efforts to have each faculty member
presented as an individual resulted in variou.s anecdotes and off-the-
the Colonel introduced President Elliott, who directed the
rest of the program.
record quips.
These graduates will be assigned
POINT OF VIEW The action of.at least one Air Force man in forsaking his arm patch for the blue-yellow AST patch will probably be considered by some as an act of treason and by some an indication of courage—depending, of course, on your point of view and your affinity for the Air Force. However, in spite of the fact that there’s been no official word omthis campus about the wearing of the patch, there are quite a few in evidence. The men have been getting them and sewing them on on their own—perhaps with the philosophy that the fatal day is inevitable. On the other hand, consider the soldier who was philosophic in another direction. I met him in Chicago during furlough and he was wearing the first AST insignia that I’d seen. In the course of my curiosity, I inquired whether his school had already required him to wear it. “Well . . .” he said, “in a way—we had our choice between this and the Sixth Service Command patch.” “And you chose this one?” I asked incredulously. “Why, of course,” he shot back, “you didn’t expect me to wear that goldbricking insignia, did you?” Y’see, it all depends on your point of view.
ODDS ’N’ ENDS Sad Sack’s creator, Sgt. Baker, has a contribution in curient Mademoiselle which IS called the Glad Wac. ... Of the new V-12’s at the University, 25 have had combat experience in the Pacific. . . . New stieamlined dog tags aie omitting the name and address of the soldieis’ next of kin. . . . The Fiinite movie is still “Claudia”—postponed from last week. . . . Regulations at Syracuse U. prohibit dogfaces fiom talking to coeds between 0600 and 1800, Mondays thiough Fridays, ’cept to say “hello” and “thank you”. . . . GI haiicut: hair with white sidewalls. . . . Bedcheck: business of someone with a flashlight waking up men already in bed to get the names of those who aren’t. . . . From YANK: the number of Soviet casualties in this wai is greater than the total strength of all U. S. armed forces.
Knight and Dr. Hall for their work being upheld on this campus. We on the boaid of diiectors. Of such know that only bigotry and hatred
Would You Like to See PURDUE Smear INDIANA?
sponsoiship any group ca« well be proud. It makes many of us feel much better to know that the four freedoms for which we are fighting are
could outlaw such a unit, and we aie glad to see it thrive. TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
Introduction to the trainees to regular outfits where the knowlof the heads of the various Univer- edge and tiaining which they have sity departments took a major part acquired here at the University will of the time. The introduction itself be put to special use. In Face Of False Rumors . . . Company F' Takes New Quarters In Ag Building
By T/Sgt. Jerry Koetting
Recently I and the other happy fellows that comprise Company “F” of the ASTP Regiment, have taken quarters in the Agricultural Engineering building. It’s a fine structure, modern design (not at all Coloniq,!, or even Gothic), well equipped with all the modern conveniences. Maybe you don’t know the building. It is a little far back, set well behind Smith Hall on —— farm side of the campus. But find the building. When we found it’s a nice place, and I feel ^he fields next morning obliged to answer and squelch practicing for . , maneuvers. the many snide remarks made The little house at the back of the by unthinking friends since I building is a Tool Shed! took up residence there. So—con- And just to lay low the whole rerning Company “F” and the Ag. spiteful batch of wisecracks directEng. Bldg.—the following claims, ed at our happy home—1 haven’t assertions and denials are pub- seen a single animal since I moved lished: in.
No Animals Allowed:
First, there are no farm animals
quartered in our building, nor do we PA|*COTmAl sleep on straw in stalls.
The Fedeial Farm Administra-
tion did not make a giant to the Companies scheduled to visit the company fund for a new hayrake. campus: We are not responsible for Pur- Westinghouse Electric & Manudue dairy production, do not milk factoring Co., Pittsburgh, Pa.—• the cows each 6 a. m., and are tired Tuesday, November 16. Interested of taking the blame when you don’t (E. S., M. S.) M. E., E. E., P. S. get cream for breakfast. E-> Ch. E., Met. E., chemistry, phys-
We have not seen any Indians
over there, and do not wear spurs • Shell Oil Co., Inc., Tulsa, Okla.—(except when off duty). Thuisday, November 18. InterestWe do not have an APO number in C. E., Ch. E., Met. E., M. E.,
in our address. The mail comes
through Cary Hall—and from there Texas Co., New York, N. Y.— by Pony Express and Wells Fargo. Fiiday, November 19. Interested in Hip boots have not been issued to Fh. E., M. E., B. S. chemists (male Company “F” yet—but probably ^^^id female), M. S., Ph. D. chemists will be needed when this story (oiganic, physical),
comes out! ’ Maybe pitchforks, too. The men do not answer “Moo” instead of “Here” at loll call.
Free tickets are available for the Piirdue-Indiana football game to all those ijiterested.
A free ticket will be given each person selling 15 or mpTe subscriptions to the Purdue Exponent (before Nov. 20 of course).
Call in person at the Circulation Office of the Exponent and get suhSjcriptinn wd further informution-
Charg^of Quaiters does not have to go around with a lantern each
Consolidated Vultee Aircraft Corporation, San Diego, Cal.—Friday, November 19. Interested in C. E.,
M. E., A. E., E. E.
The Carter Oil Co., Tulsa, Okla—
hour during the night, and look in announced. Interested
in E. E., C. E., Ch. E., M. E. chem-
ists (B. S., M. S., Ph. D.).
Carbide & Carbon Chemicals Corporation, S. Charleston, W. Va.^— Monday, November 22. Interested
There’s one sure way to safeguard your travel cash, and that is with AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVELERS CHEQUES. You not only have spendable money, but in addition SAFE MONEY, for if lost of stolen, their value is refunded in full. Issued in denominations of $10, $20, $50 and $100. Cost 75>i for each $100. Minimum cost of 40p for $10 to $50. For sale at banks and Railway Express Offices.
all the stalls to check the cows. Yesterday’s snow did not require a snow plow to dig a path up .to
the building.
Fatigue duty does not consist of % Ch E *M E "m* E shoveling fertilizer. (This is an es- Carrier
pecially vicious rumoi which I am
happy to spike.)
Rumor Has Possibility We do admit there may be some possibility m the lumor that we will be awarded Overseas Service Medals after the first teim.
Corporation, Syracuse,
N. Y.—Friday, November 19. In-
terested ill M.E.
York Corporation, York, Pa.— Date to be announced. Interested in
M.E., Ch.E., P.S.E.
Fairbanks, Morse & Co., Beloit, Wisconsin—Date to be announced.
It IS not true that we have to walk Interested in M.E., E.E.
ungodly distances to the campus. There is good bus service—well, bus seivice—to within half a mile of the
building itself.
It is not true that one of the men was lost on a dark night trying to
Garfield Division of HoudailleHershey Corporation, Decatur, 111. —Date to be announced. Interested in Ch.E., Met.E.
® NgW tinder-amt • Cream Deodorant • > safely Stops Perspiration
1. Does not rot dresses or men's shirts. Does not irritate skin 2. No waiting to dry. Can be used right atter sliaving 3. Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days. Prevents odor 4. A pure, white, greaseless, stainless vanishing cream. 5. Awarded Approval Seat ot American Institute of Laundering for being haimless to
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus; however, they aie interested in students for employment: War Department, U. S. Engineer Office, Pi evidence, R. I.—Interested in C. E. not eligible for military service. Sign in personnel office by November 17. Taylor Instrument Companies, Rochester, N. Y.—Interested in Met.E., M.E , Physicists, Chemists (M.S., Ph.D.). Corning Glass Works, Coining, N. Y.—Intel ested in M.E., Ch.E. Sign by November 24. Libby, McNeill & Libby, Chicago, 111.—Intel ested m M.E. Sign by November 24.
Attention: Men in ASTP (terms 5 and 6); NCTP (terms 7 and 8>: Westinghouse Electric & Manufacturing Co., Pittsburgh, Pa.— Tuesday, November 16. Interested in M. E.. E. E., P. S. E., Ch. E„ Met. E., chemistry, physics. Buy War And Stamps\ 1
BoUermateer Sports JLut
Tuesdayf November 16, 194§
Are We Going To Beat Indiana? HELL YES!
Boilermakers Seek Perfect Record With Burnham's Revamped Squad
The Riveters’ revamped giidiion combination, with a piobable starting lineup that includes only foui players who had any Big Ten competitive expel lence piioi to this fall, will be battling not only for the Old Oaken Bucket but a chance to chalk up the first peifect football record since 1929 as the Boileimakers tackle Indiana at Bloomington on Saturday in the fortysixth renewal of the tiaditional rivalry between Hoosieidom’s sistei Big Ten institutions Indiana Dangerous Undefeated and untied in eight games. Coach Elmei Burnham’s lecpnstructed squad, which lecently suffered the loss of 13 Mai me and Navy V-12 griddeis, will be facing a high-spirited, dangeious Indiana crew, built around Bob Hoeineschemeyer, that has the advantage of having worked togethei as a unit all season Although Pi.idue holds the edge on season’s lecord to date, the alltime recoid foi the series, and the Old Oaken Bucket senes, past lec01 ds can noimally be tossed into the discard when Hoosiei meets Boilermaker on the giidiion The fact that Purdue has won 24 games and tied five while losing only 16 foi the series as a whole, and has tiiumphed 10 times and tied twice while Indiana has been winning six in the Old Oaken bucket chase will beai little weight on the giidnon At Season’s Best The aerial minded Hoosieis, who have been improving steadily week by week, will be at then season’s peak in the effort to upset the Boilermakers and affix four “I’s” in a row to the chain on the Old Oaken Bucket foi the first time in history, offsetting the four successive "P’s” affixed by the Riveteis in the span from 1926 to 1929 In attempting to rebuild his depleted squad in two weeks time for the final stand against Indiana, Burnham has been faced with an imposing task Minus the services of such stalwaits as Tony Butkovich, record breaking Big Ten scorer at fullback, Alex Agase, guaid, and John Gems, tackle, plus 10 ranking leseives, the Boileimakei mentor has been foiced to draw heavily on compaiatively inexpeiienced perfoimeis to plug the gaps In the forwaid wall, Dick Baiwegen, Boileimakei veteian guaid, and Mike Kasap Mai me V 12ei from Illinois, aie the lone Big Ten major letteimen, although Donald Lehmkuhl and Jack Butt, who aie battling it out to take ovei Agase’s spot at light guaid, both saw limited action as leseives at Iowa and Illinois, lespectively, last season Bob Plevo, fieshman fioni Bowen High School, Chicago, appaiently has earned the light to fill Gems’ shoes at light tackle In the backfield, Sam Vacanti, a reserve halfback at Iowa last sea son who has been an non man foi the Boileimakeis at quaiteiback^ is the lone perfoimei with Big Ten expel lence Fiom the standpoint of physical makeup at least, the le vamped Puidue backfield will be anything but a “poweihouse,” and the Boileimakeis aie apt to depend almost entirely on speed and decep tion Vacanti tips the scales at 185 pounds, Stan Dubicki at 1 ft half back has tiouble jiggling t/ie bai at 160, Chalmeis Elliott, slated to take ovei Butkovich’s fullback post, luns at 170, and Boiis DimancJieff, speed meichant light halfback, is anothei 170-poundei Methods of stopping the biilhant passing of Hoeinschenieyci aie be mg emphasized by the Boileiniak
Strange Malady Hits Riveters, Indiana Says
Notices
Code Instruction Clai>ses in Beginncis Secondary (6 12 W P M ) and Advanced (12 W P M ) Code Instruction are being organized Sections wi]J meet two (2) hours per weeks Monday through Fiiday at 4 and 1 p m Classes will begin Monday No\em ber 15 and \m11 continue for a period of six (b) weeks Sign up in the Supply Room in the Armory puor to 4 p m Novembci 15 Non military students are welcome —HESTERBERG Tau Beta Pi Actives and Alumni Mem bers The initiation of the semi term pledgeH and the initiation banquet will be held on Tuesday November 16 starting at 5 p m in room 35o of the Union All members ale cordially invited to attend -WORMSER Christian Science Organization Regular meeting of the Christian Science Organize tion to be held in the tower room of the Union at 7 30 p m Tuesday Nov 16 A business meeting will follow immediately afteiward —SCHW^NDT Crew Workers On Pursuit of Happiness * All Clew workers on Pusuit of H ippiness report to Fowler Hall Tuesday at 4 p m —STERNBERG Purdue Players Players and apprentice plajers compulsory meeting Wednesday at 7 30 p m Tickets will be distnbuted —STERNBERG Chem Engineers and Chemists At the November meeting Carl Miner will speal of Chemical Patents Be theie —GREEN ^ SCA Special open meeting tonight at 7 •31) in the SCA office All board members and any others who are interested are urged to attend —BRYANT AWS There will be in AWS meeting to night —VEIT Crew Heads Meeting Thursday Novcm ber 18 at 4 p m in Fowlei Hall —STERNBERG Crew Members of “Pursuit of Happiness Meeting changed from Tuesday to Monday November 22 at 4 p m in bowler Hall —SIERNBERG Kappa Delta Rho Meeting at 6 30 this evening in room 313 of the Union Pie isc be prompt —JOHNSON Independent Students PTA office is open eveiy afternoon from 4 to 5 p m for those who wish to procure memberships —PERILLE Ad staff Important meeting tomorrow at 4pm Be there —GAUNT Exponent Staff Theie will bo a meeting of all Associate Editors at 7 p m T lesd iv November 23 in the Exponent office Be there so that the plans can be made befoic the mass meeting of all workers
—VEGH
SDX There will be a meeting at o 30 tonight in the southwest end of the Cafe tena ot the Union —MURPHY All Students Student Book Lxchinge ill return all money and books on Thursday tiom 1 to 5 p m and Fiiclay fiom 4 to 5 p m in room 257 of the Union —GANNON Glider Club Regular meeting tonight at i 30 Locate the room from the West Desk —SCHROEDER Gimlet Actives and Pledges Theie will be a meeting tonight at i 0 at the Delt house
—LIPES
Lutherans Swimming dancing pin pong shulfleboard and other games will be participated in it you can come to our rally it the Women s Gym Friday Novcm ber 19 at 30 Come with all youi friends WENDELI
Bloomington, Ind—The Boileimakei s may have the big name Maiine and Navy stais in then lineup when they come heie foi the Old Oaken Bucket battle with Indiana’s* civilian Hoosieis, but they’ll also have the "McMillm Miseiies,” a malady the West Lafayette boys have suffeied, with little lespite, since 1934 And that’s not good—> foi the Boileimakeib The Bloomington vaiiety of Hoosieis was just something foi the Boileimakeis to fatten then Big Nine aveiage on until Alvin (Weeping Bo) McMillm came to Indiana in ’34 to haul the Hoosiei s back into the giidiion ciest The Riveteis high iiding eleven of 1943—undefeated—will be a top heavy favoiite this Satuiday (No vembei 20), just like it has been in neaily eveiy one ot the nine games played duiing McMilhn’s legime heie, but the Boileimakeis won’t be peimitted to toiget that only thiee times in that peiiod have they been able to eke out victoiies ovei the foxy McMillm And the 1943 battle may be no exception ” “Sine, they’io loaded fiom bnmpei to bumpei with seivice stais, but then we may decide to win the ball game m spite of it all,” ,saj s the Giayiii’ Colonel McMillin lops R'vettis McMilhn’b fiist Hoosiei team—it can’t be called an eleven because theie weien’t eleven playeis with expel lence icady foi the kickoff— knocked the Riveteis out of a confeience title shaie with a 17 6 vie toiy, the biggest upset ol the Big Ten season in 1934 The Boileimakeis weic favoied again in 1935 but a pass fiom Wen dell Walkei to Veinon Huffman was good foi a 65 yaid touchdown and a 7 0 victoiy The 1936 passing spectacle ended 20 20 Ihe Boilei makeis won the ’37 contest 13 7, when Cecil Isbell now a Rivetei coach, pulled off his pitchin’ aim chain and passed and lan his team to vicloiy in the snow Riveteis won again m 1938, 13 6, and again in 1939, 7 6 but by 1940 the tables weie tinned again and they stayed that way thiough the 1942 contest, which Indiana won, 20 0 on a watei soaked giidiion at West Lafayette that had not been coveied by a tai
paulin
WAA Rifle Practice Begins This Week In Women's Gym Accoiding to Fiances Allen, head ol WAA iifieiy, piactice begins this week in the Women’s Gym Piactices will be held Monday thiough Ihuisday fiom 6 30 to 8 30 p m All paiticipants must be WAA membeis A touinament may not be scheduled because of a shoitage ol ammunition, but piactices will be held foi six weeks A piactice schedule follows Monday— *■ b 30—Alpha Xi Delta 6 45—R C A 7 30—Waid m 7 45—Novadale 8 00-—Glcnwood 9 15—Antigonish and othei coopeiatives in Waid III
Tuesday—
6 30—Wax d II 7 00—Phi Mu 7 30—Shoemakei 7 45—Coedda 8 00—Dayion Wednesday— 6 30—Wood Hall 7 00—Noith Hall 7 30—Cnitiss Wiight 8 00—Pi Beta Phi 8 15—Kappa Alpha Theta
Thursday—
6 30^—^Town Giils 6 45—Delta Gamma 7 00—kappa Kappa Gamma 7 30—Chi Omega 7 45—Alpha Chi Omega 8 00—Waul I 8 15—South Hall
Vny civilian students or members of the armed toices stationed on the campus who are interested in writing sports, should repoit to the Exponent spoits office on the second floor of the Pieldhouse on AVednesdaj atternoon at t —SMIIH
Grandstand
Echoes By Ray Smith
Wheie IS the Boilermakei Spirit We have been waiting now foi about a week to see some of that “Old Boileimakei Spiiit” make its appeal ance on the campus in piepaiation foi the game with Bo’s Poie Littlp Boys, but foi some leason it has failed to show up We would like to know wheie the trouble lies Is it that the students aie so busy studying that they failed to realize that THE GAME of the season is at hand ? We think not When we think back over the thiee seasons that we have witnessed and lemembei the enthusiasm that the student body displayed loi a losing team, we cannot help but wondei what those same students would do if they weie in school at this time We would not be afraid to wagei that they would do moie to cieate inteiest in THE GAME than is now ^being done It is tine that college life is not what it was a yeai ago, but a winning football team, whethei i^ is foimed of civilians, maiines, sailors oi sol dieis, deseives the snppoit of the people that it lepiesents Challenged to Display Spirit We fiimly believe that the spiiit has been lacking all season when we considei that theie aie some 6000 students heie on the campus, and only seveial hnndiecl tuin out foi pep sessions Even fewei weie picsent to meet the team when it letuined fiom majoi victoiies Five clays vet lemain befoie Elmei Bum ham sends the team on the held to tiample the boys fiom down south and to letnin the Old Oaken Bucket to its iightfnl lesting place We would like to piesent the students with a challenge to equal the SPIRIT and enthusiasm of foimei jeais dm mg the next few days and especially next Satuiday afternoon down at Memoiial Stadium in
First Cut In Hardwood Squad Mode By Piggy
After four weeks of intensive dull and practice under the observing eyes of Coach Ward “Piggy” Lambeit, during which time the boys displayed their all, the first cut came, leaving a working squad of 44 men From these men, aftei other cuts, a traveling squad of approximately 20 to 25 men well be Swimmers Dick Papenguth, Rivetei swimming coach, IS looking for men who like to swim. Practice sersions are held from 7 to 8, Tuesday and Thursday evenings, and from 4 30 to 6 any other afteinoon Report to the Fieldhouse pool at any of these times Bloomington McMillm Hopes to Pull Upset McMillm intends to do eveiything in his powei to upset the dope bucket This IS obvious when we note that Bo javed thiee of his legulai linemen fiom action against Great Lakes so that they might be at full •stiength against the Riveters next Satuiday Accoiding to seveial lepoits from the Hoosiei campus, the students aie thinking along the same line as then coach and have gotten pietty well woiked up over THE GAME
chosen The men, among whom are V-12 maiines and sailors, electiicians and civilians, have been reporting since October 18 The workouts, which consist of a waim-up period, throwing a few shots at the bucket fiom the couit, and then a few follow ups, then come scrimmage games undei the eyes of Coach Lambeit, who continuously mixes up the combinations on the flooi In this way all the men get a chance to meet the eyes of Piggy Rebuilding This year’s job will be tougher than usual foi “Piggy,” for with piactically all of last year’s squad departed foi the services, he will have to rebuild with law recruits. Remaining veteians aie Duffy Fiiend, Timm, Jack Swantz and Jack Kennedy In addition Bill Lodge and Charley Haag, one of the lone civilians left, remain from last year’s fieshman squad Membeis who have remained after the first cut aie as follows Alexander, Buinaid, Bohac, Becker, Bennett, Cieighbaum, Chareolla, Cline, Chico, Friend, Gustafson, Fiaziei, Fmdlayson, Harnett, Hoin, Kennedy Myeis, McNaught, McCoimick, McPheison, Morrison, Oppen, Pmhowsk-i, Pillaid, Robinson, Raymond, Sokel, Swantz, Timm, Unveizagt, Walley, Shaw, Spiagne, Schwei/ti, Schme and Biodnei
OF c. o. a (Current Opinions Group) Thursday, November 18 At Wesley Foundation, 5:30 p„ m. after chow Prof. Frank R. Hall Will Speak Discussion from the floor will follow Everybody: Servicemen, Civilian^ etc., invited.
COR PORAL T0R@eR
CAME rorne U.S.A.FROM NORWAV BACK IN 19S9 AND mw HOLDS THE SKI JUMP RECORD FOP. EVERY major HILL IN tHl9 COUNfRV.
I ^,1
^ TT
fell
roRsen'sseMm] fROOPS WHO'LL mKEfMSAjClS A F£W [oowmu Rrmosl KEEPUp\ ^'C-/iRP6ROVA5/A/6| Cf Go/y'fts.
; ' f
'^1
TA I Ift; Its ’■i 1
I
Waiters Wanted—Apply to Robonbaum 24 Wanted—13 lys to woik in Aimy and Na" 1 itchen duiini, serving, time Excellent p ly 1 Apply Serv ee Offiee Cary Hall Lost—Gold and black P irktr th name I kileen RiTeibuj}.,! w th leward Phone ol41 Lost—L( k I Ok Vectoi Slide Rule Name n ink—behoonovei —Ph me 1 4
eis in final diills The Boileimakei squad will viitually wind up woik hcie Thuisday and then head foi McCoimick’s Cieek State Park, iicai ‘^pencei, to establish pie game headquaitei, on Fiiday night
SuJbAcJuJbsL Tlffw! to Purdue Exponent
Subscription to be mailed 16 weeks
SI.60
Subscription to be mailed 12 weeks
S1.20
Regular subhcription
16 weeks
$1.25
Regular subscription
12 weeks
$ .95
Name Address Where delivered to
Date
16 weeks Q
Clip coupon and return
12 weeks []]]
to Exponent Office in
(Check one)
sub-basement of Union
Dll
if
CoDVfiiilit 1945 tiroEiT & Myers Tobacco Col
Their
There’s no busier place than Washington, D. C. It’s the control room of America’s mighty war machine. And Chesterfield is the busiest cigarette in town. It’s on the job every minute giving smokers what they want, fts Milder, Cooler, Better Taste makes it the capital smoke. You can’t beat Chesterfield’s Right Combination of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos for real smoking pleasure. Make your next pack Chesterfield . . . You can’t buy a better cigarette.