'f ./
-!‘ - r-
> vi^M ¥ tef
In Today's News • Peggy Davis, Gloria Pox Pin t^e Boys • prom Queen Cen^Males Annc^unced • Thf Merlnie^ Are Ceiuing
Varsity Debaters M?et Florida Squad Tonight 'Union For W^stfsrn Hemisphr^re' $^ppj§ft Of Discussion; Face Rutgers Thursday “Shall the nations of the Western Hemisphere enter into a permanent union?" will be thfe timely subject bf discussion for the vafsity debate team tonight when it meets the University of Florida team in Fowlet ijall. The University team will debate Rutgers University here Thursday nig^t on the same
subject.
Tonight William M. White and Mark Keene will support the affirmative for the University team. Both White and Keqpe are seniors and have had four years’ experience. Florida will be represented by Dick Anderson, president of the Florida Debatd Cblb^ ah'd Bernard Fuchs'. Anderson who has made two tournament trips for Florida is a member of Blue Key and many other honoraries; he is also listed in “Who’s Who in American Universities and Colleges.” Fuchs has had three years’ of debating experience and was general College debate manager last year. The heme team will be represented ,Tliursday by Seymour Udell and Bichard ’Bi>iinirgate, both seniors of the Varsity Debate squad, who will present the negative of the question. The debate will be held in the home economics auditorium: The Rutgers squad which is composed of veteran senior debaters who are fe'pcJhKhte'^their 'Spring recess 'in debating tbur^ which wib covOr most of the East and Middlewest. Lorens %oU«d^sepli?|^r^iry, ^orman F. Thomas and Hpward J. Crosby will fepNsbht the Rutgers team. All are in extia-curricdtar
aifairs. j.^'S.
• tr »
Marine Corps Here To Select Seniors For Commissions Lt. Graves To Interview Today From 8:30 To 4:30 Lt. Elbert D. Graves, U. S. Marine Corps, arrived at the University yesterday to interview seniors who are interested in obtaining appointments'* as second lieutenants in the Marine Corps Reservice following graduation. It was announced from the Personnel Office that Lt. Graves will be available for interviews today from 8:30 to 12 o’clock and from 1:30 to 4:30 o’clock at headquarters to be ootaViliaVnurt ir> tVin IrwKKy th« Executive Building and the Hall of Music. He will also be available for interviews tomorrow morning from 8:30 to 12 o’clock. Three Month Course Applicants accepted will undergo a three month basic training course at the Marine Barracks at Quantico, Va., and those who satisfactorily complete the course will then be assigned to duty as Second Lieutenants, Mai'ine Corps Reserve. (Continued on page 4)
Name Prom Queen Nominees; Winner Picked Tomorrow Nominees for Junior Prom Queen have been announced by Jim Wolff, chairman of the judging committee. The nominees, two from each sorority, three from PIA, and four from WRH, are listed below. The winner will be announced in tomorrow morning's Exponent. Nominees for the position are: Chi Omega, Virginia Diehl and Dotty McLain; Kappa Kappa Gamma, Virginia Sommer and Anna Belle Ball; Pi Beta Phi, Betty Erick and Harriett Forgery; Alpha Chi Omega, Barbara Hym'an and Jean Taylor. Delta Gamma, Betty Hanna; Aloha Xi Delta. Anges McCulloch and Bunny Evans; Kappa Alpha Theta, Corrine Riefers and Peg Davis; WRH, Mary Ann Carpenter, Anges McCulloch, Mary Ellen Scarff, and Joyce Fielden; and PIA, Jane Ostrander, Anna Jensen, and Helen Frosch. Father Chapman ... of St. Mary’s Church, will speak before Newman Club membeis and their friends in room 304 of the Union at 7:30 tonight.
IWIH
■j!
f
Tuesday, March 11, 1941
West Lafayette* Indioiia
Volume 52, Now 134
.»From All Front's— Tgday's Summary Of War News Fo Chieaco Dsiljr News Foreicn Serried. 19^9. Chksvo DsUr News, Ine • fr9nc|i To (Conroy food Adm. Darlan said yesterday he was considering convoying food ships through tbe British blockade with French warships. Marshal Retain asserted the situation is critical.
o London Cheers Lend-Lease “The passage of the Lend-Lease Bill by the Senate,” cables William H. Stoneman, “is regarded by London as the most important advance made by the Allied cause since last Fall.”
o Heavy Raids pn London The heaviest air raids in more than two months v^ere visited on London over the week-end. British bombers staged a heavy attack on the invasion coast across the channel in daylight yesterday.
o British Destroy Italian Raider ading as a British merchantman, has been destroyed in the Indian Ocean, it was announced in London. Eleven officers and 89 members of the crew were captured.
• Greeks Predict Tepelini Fall Captured Italian officers have told the Greeks that Mussolini visited Tepelini in an armored car last week. The Greeks assert the city IS about to fall before a renewed drive.
Purdue Research
Hass, McBee Develop Chlorination Process
By Don Brophy Flditor’s Note; This is the first article in t a aeries of feature stories to appear regularly in the Exponent covering the activities of the chemistry department research staff.) What would you do if a man came ^ to you with a proposal to give you $6,000 a year for i^l^ree years ? Accept it, of course! I That is exactly^ what the late Dean Moore, head of ■* I the school of science and of the de- ’ partment of chemistry, did a little * over a decade ago. Way back in i> 1929 J. K. Lilly of Indianapolis approached Moore with this unusual offer. The restriction placed on the boon was only that it be used to ^ conduct research on any chemical problem that the Dean chose. Fellowship Accepted p, ' jioore asked the entire chemistry deplirtment to submit proposals. Finally the Dean reached a decision, and the proposal made by Dr. H, B. Hass to study the chlorina- ^ tion of hydrocarbons in natural gas was accepted, and assigned the name “Research Fellowahip No. 1.” Chemists had known for a long time that the hydrocarbons in natural gas would react with chlorine, f but very little investigation had ever been conducted in this field.
The literature on experiments conducted was meager and contradictory. Reactions Studied Hass and his assistants first set out to find the scientific facts connected with the reaction of ^chlorination. The second task was to see to what extent the reaction could be controlled in order to produce the maximum amount of desirable products. One of the substances which Hass expected to make and study was ethyl chloride. Ethyl chloride is of vast industrial importance. All ethyl gasoline cpntains tetraethyllead; and tetraethyllead is produced from ethyl chloride. One can easily recognize the importance of a discovery for a cheap, quick, effective means for,the production of such a compound. Results Published During the second year of work on the fellowship Prof. Earl McBee joined Hass in the experimental work. After about five years of experimentation, collecting data, and formulating scientific laws based on these experiments and observations, Hass and McBee published the results of their work.
Not Too Dismal -Kemmerer
• Nazis Land On Rhodos Germah' St'uka dive - bombers have landed on the Island of Rhodes within sight of the Turkish shore, according to a dispatch from Istanbul. As Turkey hastened military preparations, more Nazi troops were said to be arriving near the Thrace border.
• Nazis Seek Arab Help “A tremehdous German drive to enlist the Arab world on the side of the Axis was revealed to the British public yesterday,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick.
• Immigrants Alter Europe David M. Nichol "writes from the border separating eastern Germany from what was Lithuania until the Russians moved in. There, he says, “one gets, a small but compelling picture of the migrating peoples whose movements are permanently altering the character of Europe.”
These published results proved that they^had devised a process of chlorination in whiqh the temperature, and amount of reactants could be controlled without the excessive loss of heat and time required in the old process. Not only had they succeeded in devising new methods for carrying out the reaction but they had also been able to discover a Set of laws governing the chlorination reaction. Today these laws are used as the basis for the study of the chlorination of hydrocarbons. Patent Obtained Hass and McBee obtained a patent on their new method of production. In 1939 a large industrial concern, having realized the superiority of this new process over any other now used, made arrangements with the Purdue Research Foundation for further research by the chemistry department on this process for the chlorination of hydrocarbons. At the present time a large scale development project is under way both on the campus and in llioi^siana to adapt this new process to commercial production. If these proceed satisfactorily a $80,000,000 industry will be revolutionized.
Prof. F. C. Hod^ma Refyms From Tpur Of Western Schools Gathers j|e^^a^h Data, Sees Defense Industry Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assist'hnt to the President of the University, returned to the campus yesterday from a five weeks’ trip to western and southern universities and colleges in connection with a nation wide study he is making of certain education problems under a special grant from the Carnegie Corporation. On his extended trip, for which he was granted a leave of absence. Prof. Hockema visited Iowa State, Nebraska, Washington, Oregon State, Nevada, Stanford, the California Institute of Technology, Arizona, Texas A. and M., Georgia School of Technology, U.C.L.A., Emory College, and Bice Institute. At each of the schools, Prof. Hockema conferred with the local officials on such topics as methods of selecting students, selection and development of instructors, contents of curricula, research work by faculty and students, personnel and counseling services, the value of professional societies to students, employers’ attitude toward present approved curricula, and other timely topics in the field of higher education. In connection with his extended tour, he had an opportunity to/inspect a number of defense industries, including the Boeing plant at Settle, Wash.; the Bremerton, Wash. Naval Yards; the Lockheed plant at Burbanje, Cal., and the Douglas plant at Santa Monica, Calif. Prof. Hockema also found time to make addresses before a number of Purdue alumni clubs, including those at San Francisco, Los Angeles, Tucson, Atlanta, and College Station, Tex. Twenty Groups Enter Discussion Tourpey; Change Opening Day Organizations wishing to enter the first fiive discussions of thje AllCampus Discussion Tournament must submit their entries by tomorrow. The tournament, originally scheduled to start on Tuesday, March 18th, has been changed to Thursday^ March 20th. The contest is open to any student organization on campus. To date twenty organizations have entered as compared to last year’s thirty-four participating organizations. A meeting was held last week at which the final rules of the tournament were worked out. The discussions will be informal as it is believed that the contestants will be more at ease. At the conclusion of each contest, the chairman will name the three best contestants. Separate trophies will be awarded to the men’s and women’s organizations whose contestants accumulate the greatest number of points. These trophies will remain in the possession of the winning organization one year. Each entering organization should name one of its members to act as the forensic manager for the organization. It will be the manager’s duty to keep in,contact with the Forensic Board. Organizations desiring to enter should have their manager get iii contact with Ralph Hultgren or Marlyn McKnight. j.r.l.
fpnyp Speaker Gives Reasons For Gpid Pplicy , Speaking before a Music Hall audience slightly deflated by the bad weather last-night. Dr. Edwin K. Kemmerer, professor of international finance at Princeton, shed some interesting light on gold, one of the most important causes ofjvar. President Elliott, who introduced the speaker for this fifth defense convoc, listed land, women, and gold as the major causes of world strife and expressed regret that no speaker had attempted to explain that second great cause. Need More Gold Dr. Kemmerer began by lightening somewhat the dismal picture painted by many economists regarding the nation’s gold buying policy. He set forth logical reasons why the country should have more gold than in normal times. “One perfectly sensible reason,” he said, “why we should have more of the metal now is that there is more of it to be had. Secondly, since we are a seller nation, it is natural that our cash register be full. I think that the present high value of gold is a positive refutation of the theory that people are losing faith in it as a money backer.” Champions Gold Standard Kemmerer championed the old tried and true gold standard. “Yes, it has its drawbacks,” he admitted, “but what could be better ? Besides (Continued on page 4)
Greek Week Opens TomW#*; Speab At Meetup Fnferni^ Educational Program Tomorrow night, fraternity actives and pledges meet in the Union ballrooms to hear President Elliott speak at the first Greek Week program. The Greek Week prograih is sponsored by the Inter-Fraternity Presidents Council in an effort to rid the campus of the old “Hell Weeks.” Thursday evening, R. B. Stewart,' controller of the University, will speak before a group composed only of pledges. Friday and Saturday have been left to the individual fraternities for any program which they wish to sponsor. Sunday evening, all fraternity actives and pledges will meet in the Union for the closing banquet. This group, which is expected to be the largest meeting of fraternity men the campus has seen, will hear Nortnan Hackett, national secretary of Theta Delta Chi. Aeromodelers Will Meet To bisenss Indoor Cont^ 'The Purdue Aeromodelera Cfiubt will hold a meeting Wednesday night at 7:30 o'clock in room 8163 of the Union. The meeting will'Son- - sist of a discussion of the hnnual indoor contest which will be held r March 23.
Draft Deferment \ Discussion 7 onlgh4
—PHOTO BY ARCHIBALD
Left to right: Don Grant, Gloria Fox, Wayne Musser and Phil Murray demonstrating yesterday in the Union for the jurvior
draft deferment campaign
Draft deferment for all students who have completed two or more years of school is tbe subject of a discussion to be held in room 212 of the Union tonight by A1 Rubio. Rubio, who is secretary of the Midwest district of the American Student Union, will speak on junior deferment as related to the Purdue campus. • '
The campaign for deferment of all students who will have completed two years of college by this summer has been conducted locaBy by circulation of a petition, though a thousand signatures have been secured already, even more efforts are being made before presenting the petition to the local draft board and the national draft
director.
The first one hundred buttons were distributed yesterday after-
noon in the Union by Gloria Feat and Peg l^vis. Mc^ may be secured workers. All persons having received questioi^aires from tb«r drs^ boards or who are interested in wprking on eollectim of signatures are eepedal>y urged to attend meeting'in order to '^ork kits and tuttber inforhoation. All other pdrMns interested in discussing jimScir ferment are invited to attend.Tuesday# March 11# 1941
fijuMdujL £xpuHUtnt
il>^.
Jinudif,JatL
America's Invasion
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
A COLUMBIA PICTURE { — AND —
RANDALL
a«?»t*
mm
M.LSO
“GREEN ARCHER" Serial
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
LUMA
— 2 SWELL SHOWS — TODAY - WED.
The DIZZY, DAFFY MARX BROS. RIDE AGAIN! MORE FURIOUS FUN THAN “A NIGHT AT THE OPERA"
PLUS—2ND BIG HIT-
ABBOTTw COSTELLO
AN ALL STAR. . ALL BNTERTAINMBNT CAST
ONf NIvHT,. ^mnd
Foie*'
ALLAN JONES NANCY KELLY
Robert
CUMMINGS MaryBOLANP
UoCARRIUO Wm.FRAWLEY
ASME Speech Contest
For Engineers Offers
Trip To Detroit, Cash
For several weeks we have listened to Congress debate, not alwfeys intelligently, the Lend-Lease Bill. Many time during the committee investigations there was brought out discussion on the possibility of this country being invaded. There were some valid arguments on both sides. But we’re inclined to agree with Lindbergh and Wheeler . . . and Taft . . . and yes, even Colonel McCormick. We’ll agree that this country can’t be invaded .. . physically, but for all practical purpose the invasion of the United States has already begun. Barly last summer there were those who said' ‘What’s the difference if Hitler does win?” This to us represents an invasion of our moral fiber! When the draft law was passed last October 16 there were those who were (and still are) looking for .loopholes to avoid serving their country. This is the infiltration of an enemy more treacherous than any Hitler! When the war orders began to swamp the motor car industry and the aircraft and allied industries strikes for higher wages and the maintenance of the peace time wage hour laws began to spread over the country. And our esteemed senators are discussing the impossibility of the invasion of America! The termites of totalitarianism have already been loosed on the the democracies. If we’ve lost our love of liberty, our thirst for freedom, and our desire for happiness perhaps we should then take our place alongside of Sweden . . . and Rumania . . . and Bulgaria. They are still nations at peace. If we’ve grown too soft to defend our ideals or too complacent to denounce tyranny wherever we find it then perhaps we should permit the world around us to be gobbled up as long as peace and our own necks are preserved. Professor Murphy will say we’re intolerant, the Peace Committee will say we’re war mongers, and the campus will think we’re crazy but we believe that the hour of indecision is past and that our entire future depends upon our ability to meet the approaching crisis. Anything, therefore, which delays or blocks our defense preparations must be eliminated. And this includes the shoddy and shortsighted thinking of greedy labor and despotic capital, of partisan Congressmen, and selfish draftdodgers.
The annual ‘ASME speaking contest will be held Wednesday, March 19, at 7:30 p. m. in the Mechanical Engineering Building. The contest is ©pen only to members of the ASME, ho\Vever other students in^ terested in entering may join the ASME before the contest gets under way. Each contestant will talk fifteen minutes upon any subject. The winners will be awarded $115, and the best two men will journey to Detroit in April to participate in the regional ASME conference to compete for further prizes. Practically all engineering students in the Middles West will send representatives to the conference. All men interested in entering should contact the ASME secretary, C. H. Rockwood. j.r.l.
WAA
There will be a WAA mass meeting Thursday at 4 o’clock in the gym. Nominations for WAA candidates will be open from the floor and primary ballots will be voted on. A quorum of WAA members must be present. Come to the mass meeting with your candidate in mind. Regular elections will take place Tuesday, March 19. —WAA— Women’ class bowling will begin March 14. In the meantim eco-eds are asked to roll three games and submit their scores at the desk. From these flgures, seven bowlers will be chosen for each class team. Start your practices now. —WAA— First round in shuffleboard will be played Thursday, March 13, according to the following schedule: Hennis vs. Beurgler. Hennis vs. Murphy. Buergler vs. Boughman McKee vs. Jonfes. Boughman vs. Houston.
TODAY - TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS
The Happy-Go-Laughing Musical Hit!
Mnw NtALzLC, The 'Irene' GV/, — IN —
tBSE VEIEZ
MEXICAN SPITFIRES OUT WEST Donald Woods • Elisaboth Risdon • Cecil Kellaway
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
RITA HAYWORTH Al«N HAU • JACK CARjSON • filORQE TOMAS
The ^th Colamn
With the Lease-Lend out of the way, the country is Anally getting back to the business of worrying about draftees. It’s been a long time since they had any sympathy. And for months ... They’ve had to do all of their own worrying. * ♦ * Here on the campus we seem to be making our own little protest with “All Out Aid For Juniorsi^” And all you have to do to be “all out” is to walk into the Sweet Shop and let one of our comely co-eds pin one of their little signs on you. No special requirenients. Even we were eligible to wear one. A Although we don’t have quite the legs for passing them out.
On the eastern froiit Hitler is still pouring tYoops intjo Bulgaria. And Britain is pouring troops into Greece. And Stalin is massing his boys in the Ukraine. And everybody sits and wonders which way Adolph will turn next. There’s one thing certain.' He’s not Balkan at anything.
See where the President has asked for a few more billion dollars. For what this time we’re not just exactly sime. But it does seem as if. That is based on the way the money has been disappearing lately. That the White House has developed another rat hole. I
Getting back to the juniors, w'e have been debating why we should be all out for them. They’ve already had three years to loaf in the Shop. Anda lot of them . . .
The Purdue Exponent
rr*
Entered as tecopd elaaa matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Oonsresa of March 8, 1879, and at the apeoial rate of xtostase provided for in section 1108, act qt October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Ifonoay during the r^Kular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for lO.BO per year, mail subscription $8.60. Edltor-in-Chlef..„ R. W. Donahue Business Manager. . . Merle Bagemeyer
Publication Staff News Editor ... J. H. MoKee Manadng Editor.. ,,.D. K. Heiple Associate Editors t N. A. O^iltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. H. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. » Buainais Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, 0. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald.
Co-ed Staff
Editor .. ... .... „Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
StesB.
. Sports Staff
MItor . . .. _ . . . ._ J. p. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O.
Swalm.
Phona: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Trangott Issue Editor: Kieper Day Editor: Rose Night Sports Editor: Bwuim T, S- Allanson, R. R. Runnion. D. W. Mairs, ?• ^ Young, W. E. Rafert, J, H, Lepmaiu Qj^fiaustein, V. M. Baraon, H. P. Steilberg, D. M. Black and C. Hass.
they don’t... Is Prom.
Are still no closer to graduating.
The freshmen and sophomores are deserving boys too. And after all, the only thing the juniors have that
The girls are wearing these pins, too. Course, maybe we’re prejudiced But that’s the only way some girls on this -campus will ever get pins, dkh
Civil Service Man Speaks Mechanicals To Hear Draft Your Dates
To GE Class This Morning
E. J. Stocking, assistant chief of the examining division. United States Civil Service Commission, will discuss government positions available for senior engine*ering students during the regularly scheduled G.E. 103 period this morning. He will answer speciflc questions concerning opportunities in government service most of which are available through Civil Service. Today’s 'discussion will complete a two-day stay on the campus. Yesterday afternoon Mr. Stocking met individual groups in the Executive Building, w.e.i.
Talk On Management
Dr. W. /. Brasch
... of the division of education and applied psychology spoke last evening at a dinner meeting of the Tippecanoe County Federation of Public School Teachers held in the Union. Dr. Brasch spoke on Special in p5V(^linlno*v and p*avp demonstrations of hypnotism.
The annual joint meeting of the University student branch and Central Indiana Section of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers will be addressed by Walter Stephenson, president of the Indiana Manufacturers’ Association. His talk is entitled “The Job Which Faces Manufacturing Management in a Defense Economy Program.” , Plans have been made for a discussion period on the practical applications of Stephenson’s theories on management. This discussion will take place Friday evening at 6.15 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building. Members arriving early will be able to take a trip through the Hall of Music to inspect the air conditioning equipment. The trip is scheduled for 4 o’clock in the after-
f or Gold Peppers Co-ed Invitational
to
By Virginia Barson
, Draft your man before Uncle Sam does and take him to the most unusual co-ed bid event of the season! It’s the draft dance given by Gold Peppers, the senior honoraiy for women, Friday, March 21. Because the members are so discrete about the details of the dance, we have only been able to gather enough information about it
arouse your curiosity.
Couples will dance to the music of Deacon Dunn, from the University of Illinois, m both ballrooms of the Union from nine to twelve. Decorations and favors for the dance will carry out the draft theme. The backdrop, which will be hidden until the pledges are announced sometime during the evening, will be a surprise to every-
one.
Little Movie Convo
We Are Now Restoring the VITAMIN Bi
Content of Our White Breads to Average Whole Wheat Levels by Using Fleischmann's
Hi-Bi Yeast
mm QUALITY BAKERY
In Union Tonight
Completing this year’s series of little movie convos, the Student Union Art -Club will present a French film and cartoon this evening at 7:30 o’clock in room 355 of the Union. The picture, entitled “Carnival in Flanders,” has been selected by the committe because in their judgment it is of extraordinary educational and entertainment value and the public has mot been given sufficient opportunity to enjoy it. Admission will be by presentation of season tickets, f.p.f.
iiiach couple on entering wiii receive a number. This is all we were told. What the number will mean, no one knows and all that the Gold Peppers says is “you’ll see.” We do know, however, that the eds will be asked to enlist, and from there on, girls, they are in your hands. Informal clbthes will be worn by eds and co-eds alike. It is the first all-campus co-ed bid this semestei.
Harry A. Boyce
Seventy-four Minnesotans are included in the enrollment of 6,300 at Northwestern university.
the
Confidentially ...
here’s what you need to know about the Dry Cleaning Situation in Lafayette.
Crown has “Gone the Limit” to give you better Dry Cleaning . . . Built a new plant, new buildings, new equipment, new methods.'
For Finer Clothes, use Crown Cleaning Service Regularly
Laundry
riNE CLEAMCRS OF riWC CLOTHE. I
. EE '26 has recently been
promoted from the department of plant engineer in the long lines department of the American Telephone and Telegraph Co., Cleveland, Ohio, to the position of staff supervisor under the general plant supel-
visor at the general office of company m New York City.
'4- *' ^ A<,
fi^.;
PuhdusL £xponanL
Tueddoy, Mosch U« 1941
peujjL i * Sp^fk
f ^ Riveter Diamondmen Trim For Drive On Southern Raseball Fields Of Battle
Undaunted by the-cloudy skies of winter’s last few flings before I'egular spring baseball weather is here to stay, Coadi Fehring’s hearty baseball hopefuls are getting into trim under the protection of the Fieldhouse roof. Working alongside Elward’s football stalwarts and Phillips’ cinder men it is rather difficult to be certain exactly what the Boilermaker diamond men are up to.
Hard Work
Opening practice with calisthenit drills, the players have been working on the perfection of the various arts useful in the winning of baseball encounters. Three batting cages provide facilities for pitching and batting practice within the Fieldhouse’s conlings. Although the season is still young several men are already showing up promisingly. Sophomore John Janisch is likely to see plenty of action in his first year of varsity competition on the pitching mound. Emmert, a senior with two seasons of competition behind him, will also probably frequently take over the hurling duties, while southpaw Danowski will see action when Don Blanken of basketball fame or the above two mentioned lads are not on the
movmd.
Two Star Catchers * To complete the battery Captain Bud Fisher should take over the catching duties. Smith, a sophomore, is likely to replace Captain Fisher, however, who in this case will be moved either to the" infield or outfield. The loss of Frank Smithson, last year’s first baseman who ranked among the upper six of the Big Ten batters last year, leaves the occupancy of the firstbag spot open to speculation. Reliable Harry McFerren will probably take care of the majority of the activties on second base as he did last year. In the outfield Waterhouse and Doherty are among the strong contenders for berths, as is Bob Brady, a veteran of other seasons who has returned after a year’s layoff. 'With their fir^t game scheduled at the Pensacola Air Base in less than two weeks, the present indoor practices loom m importance. During the spring vacation jperiod the Boilermaker diamondmen will face two southern teams, playing a thi/ee-game series with each ,npponent. On leaving the Florida air base they will journey to the Alabama Polytechnical Institute where they wiH face the competition of the Alabama diamondmen for a threegame stay, d.w.m.
Frosh Cinder Men Star In Wire Meets
By Bob DelVIars
Speed in every respe^ct is the keynote of the telegraphic track meets that are finding so much favor with freshmen coaches this season. Each week time trials are taken in the various events, and the best three marks in each are tabulated and wired to the opposing school which has sent its results in the mean-
time.
Under this plan it is unnecessary to go to the expense of chartering buses and paying for the meals of the athletes; however, a most desirable element, that of personal competition with the opponent, is unfortunately absent. Once having received the copy of the opponent’s time sheet, individual performances are compared, and from them the competitive team score is compiled. In two telegraphic meets with strong squads from Michigan and Ohio State universities, the Boilermaker rhinies have absorbed defeats both times, but not without producing a number of very good times of their own. ~ '' Especially interesting were the lesults of the broad jump in which New, Riveter freshman, copped first place in both meets with leaps of 21 feet and nine inches. Maloney with two second place ties in the 60 yard dash; Archer with a first in the 440 yard dash against Ohio State; Deusler with two second places in the mile and 2 mile events, and Pope’s triumph in the pole vault were among the highlights of the_
meets.
Ring Coach
Stevens Institute of Technology received gifts totaling $96,562 in the fiscal ye^r 1939-40.
. . . Joe Benna urges all Golden Glove boxers .and members of the Purdue Boxing Association to attend a meeting in the boxing room of the Fieldhouse this afternoon at 5 o’clo'’k Plnn«! will be completed for the all-campus boxing tourney, which is scheduled for sometime
after Spring vacation.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• frofeuional
• School Suppliat
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RIIK OR. LUTHER A. RISK OR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th Sr Main Sta. Phono 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
• lewalert
• Hardware
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist / 504 Main St.
Edgerfon Hdwe. Inc. Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver v
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine jewelry at Moderate "tPrices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Sperb Hardware Quility Mdse.—Ripht Prices 822AAalnSt. Phone 2777
• Ice and Coal
• Tailor
GOOD COAL GOOD SERVICE FAIR PRICES - LAFAYETTE ICE & ^ COAL CO. PHONE 5078
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel BMe. SUIT end TOPCOAT |30 end up
New Cage Schedule Revealed; Riveters Meet Indiana Once Chicago’s status in the Big Ten Conference remains unchanged for another season, as decided by -a meeting of confe^nce coaches and athletic directors held here on the campus last week-end. Though a movement was launched by the Illinois athletic director, Wendell Wilson, to root the Maroons from the mid-west loop, it was tabled when the directors voted that the decision was out of their province. New Schedule However, a revision of the basketball schedule, going into effect next season, was approved by the voters. The remodeled schedule calls for 15 conference games, with the 20-game perseason rule limiting the non-conference tilts to fi,ve. With this limitation of games with outside foes there will be fewer road trips extended over a period of a week, such as taken by Indiana last Christmas. Under the next schedule each will play six home-and-home series and three single games, rotating on a two-year basis. Thus over a sixyear period every school will play a home-and-home series with every other conference member on a two-year-basis. Riveter Foes The Boilermaker 1941-42 lists a home-and-home series with each of the following teams: Minnesota, Iowa, Michigan, Ohio State, Northwestern and Chicago. Single games will be played against Indiana, there, Illinois, there; and Wisconsin, here, r.o.s.
Irishnai's lllusiiRS
All-Campus
. . ping pong tournament opened yesterday afternoon with about 70 entrants competing in the first round. However, the entry deadline is extended to this afternoon, when previously un-entered players may break into the action.
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Now that the track meet is passed into the history books, we can turn our heads to one of the other spring major sports here at the moor of engineer and farmer^— baseball. The game is national in scope, anc^fairly well accepted here at Purdue. If weather would permit, Purdue could have a grand season, because each season Coach Dutch Fehring has arranged a colorful and interesting season only to watch one-half of it go washing away in Hoosier dampness. —I-I— With a great sophomore pitcher, from past records, in John Janisch, and veterans Frank Danowski and John Emmert along with rubberlimbed Don Blanken, Dutch has the nucleus for a strong ball club—^but it will have to do more than watch its pitchers perform. It’s hits that win ball games. The squad has been working out in the cow bam down on the Ag campus, and yesterday moved into the Fieldhouse where they began to bear down for selection for the southern trip. Following are the lads: Pitchers—Blanken, D. W : Danowski, h. L , Emmert,- J. A , Freiherr, F. H , Janisch, J. A ; Leifheit, W, L,; Walker, W C Catchers—Basenfelder, R C., Cortese, F C.; Captain Bud Fisher, Seely, W D. Smith, W F., Young! E. B. First Basemen—Hoffman, H A ; Riley, R G , Silverman, B , Taylor, R W. Second Basemen—Green, R P : McAdams, W B , McFerren, H P , Martin, C. E , Potenza, C. G Third Basemen—Hincks, E W , McCaf. fry, F W , Rawles, C M Shortstops—Cook, W G , Correl, KB; Gantz, R C , Myers, R J Outfielders—Brady, R W , Gyelene, M A , Carson, W. R , Doherty, G H , Gantz, M C , Partridge E E , Roberts, D W , Waterhouse W J MalElward University athletic director, last night was the principal speaker before the Indianapolis Traffic Club. Future bookihg include appearances before the Milwaukee Purdue Club on March 1^, the Monticello High School banquet on March 24 and the Marion High School banquet on March 31.
Khaki + Whipcord *== Style! Dobbs leads,,off!... and ^‘Campus Khaki** —with hand and edge in blending whipcord twill—heads the style parade! Fdnceton and Yale say, **Khaki*s okeh** ... and that*s a “green light** to style for tiyoung men and men who nerar grow old”!
Thinlies Prep For Butler R^afs As Indoor Season Nears Clox With the spectacular Big Ten Meet now but a memory, Coaisith Hermon Phillips’ tracksters turned their attention yestei^y to the next get-together on their card, the colorful Butler Relays scheduled for Indianapolis on Saturday. Preliminaries will be held in^the afternoon, with the finals carded for the evening. One of the most famous track events in the country, it is expected to draw over 300 athletes to the capital city. li I I I .1 Between 25 and 30 colleges and
universities will be represented at this festival, including most of the Western Conference schools. Indiana, the new conference champions, and Michigan, runners-up, will renew their rivalry which saw the Hoosiers gain the upper hand here Saturday, ending Michigan’s
seven-year reign. Notre Dame, Too
Several other strong mid-western cinder powers, including Notre Dame, Elansas and Missouri will have squads at Indianapolis Saturday, as well as the East’s Penn State and a sprinkling of smaller schools from both sectors. Phillips intends to take a squad of about 20 to the meet, including mile and medley relay teams. Leaving on Saturday morning, they will return the same night. e.c.y.
Co-eds To Partidpate In Telegraphic Swim University co-eds will participate today and tomorrow in the 1941 Intercollegiate swimming meet for women. The team for the meet will swim at _ 7:30 this evening in the pool of the Women’s Memorial Gymnasium. The official time of the winners in each event will be sent to the headquarters of the central section to be tabulated and placed according to the way they compare with the times of the other partici-
pants.
There are about sixty colleges participating in the meet. The University will be in competition with teams from Indiana University, Illinois, DePauw, and Northwestern, who are all members of the central
region.
Loraine Bemis, president of Triton, is in charge of the meet. Members of the team are M. Rosecrans, L. Westover, G. Curry, B. Marshall, J. Darrow, B. Ford, J. Fishleigh, L. Gourley, and E. Kirkhoff. Dick Papenguth will be the official start-
er.
The meet is open to all who wish to attend, m.1.1.
A course in Latin-American history has been added to the curriculum at Purdue University, Lafayette, Ind.
IM Schedules FRATERNITY VOLLEYBALL Tuesday, March 11 7 .00 p. m Acacia Alpha Chi Rho Alpha Gamma Rho Alpha Sigma Phi Alpha Tau Omega Beta Sigma Psi Delta Tau Delta Lambda Chi Alpha Phi Gamma Delta Phi Kappa Phi Sig:^Kappa Pi Kappa Alpha Pi Kappa Phi Sigma Alpha Epsilon Sigma Phi Epsilon Tau Epsilon Phi ’ Tau Kappa ^silon Theta Tau Triangle Play or forfeit. Mrach 11, 1941. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Winner of Kappa Sigma-Phi Delta Theta. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Winner of above match Sigma Alpha Mu vs Winner of Sigma Alpha Epsilon-Sigma Chi
I;
\
m M
I#
4r. "X; ,yv' •’!'><-vV','. ■•'. n-
1»
fiage i^OtaiiaiA
t:aesday; Mcnich 11, 1941
flwidu^ £xpoiuud.
Dr. Mann Discusses Military department
'Paradoxes' Sunday
UIUW la UUI „ «Tllo ,^r, WVioola ’> Q fil
Before 4,000 People
Pointing out eight thought provoking "Paradoxes of Progress,” Dr. Louis L. Mann addressed 4,000 students and townspeople at the Convocation for Worship Sunday morning in the Hall of Music. In his address. Dr. Mann gave as the five major steps in the progress of humanity, the discovery that the earth is not the center of the universe, Columbus’ discovery of America, the American and French revolutions, modern scientific discoveries, particularly in the field of medicine, and Darwin and Wallaces’ advancement of the theory of evolution. Paradoxes Some of the paradoxes that Dr. Mann brought before the audience were: man’s physical development has not been paralleled with progress morally and spiritually; men live longer, but are unable to make a living as long; we as a nation have a multiplication of occupations but have unparalleled unemployment. He also illustrated that with an abundance of goods, we are trying to create an economics of scarcity and vith more protection than at any other time in history, we have less security. In conclusion, he said that we have everything needed to make the world as it should be; it is up to each individual to help bring it to the right end. e.g.k.
“The Army on Wheels,” a film sponsored by the military department in collaboration with the Indiana State Police, will be shown in Room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building at 4 p, m. today. This picture was taken during army maneuvers at Port B e n n i n g, Geoi’gia, and Fort Sam Houston, Texas, in the Spring of 1940. Some of the newest all-wheel army vehicles and weapons of modern warfare are shown performing normal
tactical functions.
All students are invited to attend, and freshmen, junior and senior military students are urged to make an effort to be present,
a.r.w.
Marine Corps (Continued from page 1)
During the three month training period, candidates will have the status of enlisted men at the rate of $36.00 per month, plus quarters, subsistence, clothing, and necessary medical attention. On appointment, the Reserve Officer will I’eceive the pay and allowances of a Second Lieutenant, ' which approximates $183.00 per month. Qualifications Candidates for appointment among the senior class must be native born, unmarried citizens of the United States who will be over 20 and under 25 years of age on the date of acceptance of commission. i
(Continued from page 1) economic arguments, there are psychological and political reasons why abandonment of the standard is impractical.” He pointed out the poor results of paper schemes which have been tried both in this coun-
try and in others.
While on that subject he stated that this nation has always been susceptible to wild-eyed political schemes, “probably the worst of which is the silver legislation of 1933-34, a great part of which is still on the statute books.” With the statement that a regulated paper money will be possibly only in a distant utopia and that gold is really our only hope. Dr. Kem-
merer sat down.
“22 Billions Not Much” Questions were brough up in which it was established that a simple, almost automatic monetary management system is the best, that the 22 billion dolar debt isn’t so much since it only amounts to a gold cube 36 feet on a side, that our present buying policy is not an unwise one, and that the giving of almost total money power to one man, as congress hqs done, is definitely dangerous, r.r.r. E. W. Kemmerer Explains Inflation Before Seminar Inflation was explained by E. W. Kemmerer, professor of international finance who lectured at last night’s convo, before approximately seventy-five members^ of the University staff yesterday afternoon at
a social science seminar. Professor Kemmerer^ Said that he. believed that the country vv^aa heading toward inflation although he could not estimate its magnitude or how soon iff would come. “As*a method of fihancing a'great national emergency such as a war,” he said, “inflation is the line of least political resistance.”
'TTpewritaM and aMtas maahiBca. new aad Med, for aala, reat aad rqMiTed. All dkalies it aortdUe typewritan. 9t9.TB to IS9A9. <Qgi«a atwpUea, Jiimeocrapk a^ amlt&ra;^ work. C. F. Eberikoft, <QC Maik St. .Phope, ms. Far Kant: RMa-Baat-A-Car Barrvte. Can for all oeeaaiona. Mia. 91.10 ,aU Ptekt. Fhoae MOt.
Lost: Gold Football with name and Kappa keyhole. Reward. Neff, SAE house.
Notices
Bum Room Committee: Meeting Monday. March 10, at 4 p. m. in the Student Union office. —WOLFF.
Alpha Lambda Delta; No pledging until after spriiw vacation. — Removal of Conditions in Geology :.. All students who wish to remove C grades of last semester will take make-up examination March 16. room 6, Chemical and Metallurgical building. Permits to taka tlM examination must be obtained kaforei^krch '' —SJ^RVIsA Ramatal of CendMeaa te English and flpaashi Bxamiaatloka ,wiU keJkMd in raom Til of BdaeaUSn knilMng Saturday, 19. at^p. pat I CB 41 Students With C Or I Grsdes: Makeup examination will be held on March room 126,' Beavilob Hall. FermissiOti to take the exam must be obtained from me before March 12. —GRBVE. Removal of Conditione in GB 11 and GE 12: Examinations will be’held in room 201, Michael Golden shops on' Wednesday. March 12, at 6 p. m. —Rismc. Surveying <CE 6): Examluai^On'' for removal of C and 1 grades will be held in room 101, CE building on Saturday afternoon, March IS. jStndeata intcrteted may .ol^tain permits Ip pwm ’1,92. t . c ^ iS *1.4 —LOMMEL. GE 1(: Pescriptfve Geometry make-up examination for removal of “C" and ‘7" grades will be held Saturday, March 16, 1 to 4 p. in. in room 808, Civil Engineering Building. Arrangementa must be made by March 14. —ELROD.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, March 11, at 7 ;80 p. m. in room 184 uf the Bl^rlMl Bakitt^nc buUdiHgy R.< C. hUfea WjU a,.dsni0mtM:tion leisure'oh “PraffiticiU yanable Frednency TMPimitter CoiiitiuL —FREED. Military Students: "The Army on Wheels," a mo,vie takepii during Army mppeUVers at port Benpipgf .Go., and^Fbrt S^ Tekasf inctihe spring s* 1040 will he ShdWn in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building at 4 p. m. Tuesday, March 11. —YAN^|RP0)^D. Catalyst Actives and Pledges: Formal pledging Tuesday, March 11. ip room 302 of Chemical and MetaHurj^cai Epgineering Building at 7:80 p. m. Be there. , . —PHILLIPS. CE 21 Examination: The examination for removal of C and I grades in CE 21 will be given from 1 to 4 p. m., Saturday, .Mai^ 16, in room 310 of the Civil Bngineerlhg Building. Please consult me! ati oniie< ■ ^ —SONESON. Freshman Engineers: The meeting of Engineering Lectures on Saturday, March 15, will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall. Student who were assigned to Engineeripg Lectures last semester (G.E. 1) will occupy'the same seats that they did first semester. Students not assigned to Engineering Lectures last semester will find their seating assignments posted on the bulletin board just- inside the main entrance of Michael Golden Shops. —KNAPP. Alpha Phi Omega: (Regular meeting, Tuesday, March 11, at 7:30 p. m. -in room 261 of the Union. —CARMICHAEL.
University Choir: Compulsory rehearsal Sunday, March 9, at 9:80 a. m. —AMT Purdue Wheelmen: Meeting Wednesday. March 12, at S' p. m.'in room '302 of the Union. It is imimrtant that all old members be present. (Old members are those who have gone on rides previous to January, 1941.) No picnic. —VANDERBILT. All Independents: Independents interest* ed in being a Ward Chairman on the PIA Board next year as provided for by the new PIA Constitution must turn in a petition signed by 20 independents to the PIA office by W^nesday, March 12, at 6 lOO p. m. Further information is available at the PIA office. —MUSSER.
All Radio Club Members: Meeting Tuesday, March II, in room 184 of the Electrical I Engineiering building. A treoimrer and secretary will be elected for the remainder of the semester. ' ■—F^EBD. NYA Workers: Checks for period ending February 16 are now available at Cashier’s < ffice' in Eexecutive building; —90LLEN8BE. Purdue Dairy Club: Meeting Tuesday, March 11, at 7:80 p. m. in room 108 of Smith Hall. Gordon Endres will speak. Refreshments. —BROWN,
Co-op Students: SCA educational meeting, Wednesday, March 12, at 7:30 p, m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. —LUMPKIN'
AIME: Meeting Thursday, March 13, at 7:30 p. ,m. in room 302 of the Chem and Metallurgical building. Professor Serviss will speak. —PHILLIPS
WAA: Mass meeting, Thursday, March 13. All members be present. ' —WESTOVER
All Co-ods: Thoou wanting TWCA eabiu«t pooitloBs for next year akuold tend j^Hlaus to Mbs Bryaut or Miss Coolldgo before March 19. —BRYANT.
ASME: Deadline for filing 1940-41 membership applications is Saturday noon, March 16. See Mias LaCave in the main office. —PEPPLER.
Heads of Student Organizations: Please turn in a copy of your constitutions to the Student Senate box at the West desk of the Union before Tuesday, March 11. —HANSEN.
MB 30 C’s and I’t: A make-up final for C and 1 grades recetved in any idivision of ME 80 last semester will be given Saturday, March 16, at 1:00 p. m. in room‘ME 118. Students planning to take the examination please notify me before n'aon on March 16. / —COPE. Ail Stadents: Who desire to cancel courses without a grade must 40 so before Saturday noon, March 16. Cancellation cards can be obtained from heads of departments and must be signed by the head of the school and head of the department of the course. The cards must be filed in the registrar’s office. —FISHER.
AWS Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, March 12, at 7:30 p. m. in office. —ZWIERLEIN To Whom It Concema: All lost and found articles in Senate office must be claimed by Thursday, March 20, or owners lose right to claim them. —LAWRENCE
BEAUTY designed for You . .
. . . and for you alone! Bring out every bit of your own individual charm and attractiveness with a'hairdress that omphatixes your good points. You will be surprised at the difference in your appearance . . . and the lift it will give to your spirits! Don't hesitate! Pick up the phone now and make your appointment. Call 7901 loeb’s Beauty Salon
"REST ASSURED
99
at
HOTEL FOWLER
ZOO Rooms
Newly Decorate^ Blue Blazer Airconditioned
Fourth and Ferry
Reamers: Smoker will be held Tuesday, March 11, instead of Monday as previously announced. Faculty Lounge, 7:30 p. m. —BOHLIN.
Union Workers: Selling tickets for Harem Scarem must attend the meeting Tuesday, March 11, at 4 :i0 in room 355. ^ —HOFFER Aeromodelers: Important business meeting, Wednesday, March 12, at. 7:89 p. m. in room 368 of the Union. Plans for coming indoor contest to be discussed. —VBLKOFF
All Co-eds: Those wanting tickets for the WAA banquet March 20 may get them at the WAA office or at sorority hoiises. —WESTOVER.
Ceres: Important meeting, Tuesday, March 'll, at 7:30 p. m. in room 232 of the Union. All members must be present. - —HOD
PIA Dance Classes: Advanced class will meet Tuesday, March 11, in north ballroom. Beginners’ class will meet Thursday, March 13, in room 806. —ITOMPBREY.
Bask^^bsll Ushers and PoHeemen: Get your pay by presenting your badge at the Fieldhouse ticket office. (3-11) ANDERS
Alpha Zeta: Meeting, Wednesday, March 12, at 7:30 p. m. in room 232 of the Union. Bring money fOr dues. —STEWART
Follow the Wai News
Daily
jthiL PwtduiL £xpomnt Obtaiued frQxn the ^ i V t> o V ^ V V \n / Chicago Daily News Foreign Service
t’