4 ■
V
Magic, Music Highlight Week-end Of Entertainment
Founded In 1889
~¥W •W ■' - ’ ■\ A ■ #
Daily Since 1906
Volume 5, No. 11
Tuesday, |uly 15, 1941
Ross To Sing At Festival Saturday Numerous j^ntries Arrive For Chicagoland Music Festival Preliminaries
Numerous entries from choruses, vocal and instrumental soloists, and baton twirlers all over the state are pouring into the campus for the state preliminaries of the Chica-^o-land Music festival contest, which , will be conducted as part of the University Music Festival in the Hair of Music Saturday afternoon and evening, announced A. P. Stew- > art, music director, yesterday. Lanny Ross, famed American tenor, will appear as guest soloist on the evening program at 8 o’clock. Lanny is best known as the star of his own program broadcastover CBS nightly. Recently, he was the star of the Saturday evening radio fe'ature. Your Lucky Strike Hit Parade. Sang In Church Choir ‘ Ross started his musical career at an early age, singing in the choir of a church in Seattle at the age of 7. Later, his mother, interested ^ in seeing her son develop his gifted voice, secured a scholarship for Lanny at the Choir School of New t York’s Cathedral of St. John the Divine. Ross’ musical ability merited him a scholarship fiirst in- the Taft ' Preparatory School, then at Yale University. The Taft Glee Club under Lanny’s leadership for the first time won the Inter-Collegiate Glee ' Club contest. Leads Yale Glee Club At Yale Lanny not only became , tenor soloist and leader of the Yale ’ Glee Club, but also won the Indoor National Track championship for Yale. During the summers 'bf 1927 and 1928, Ross conducted “Student Tours” to Europe in order to study music abroad. In 1928 he toured the United States and Europe as con-' ductor of the Glee Club. , The young tenor worked his way through Columbia Law school by singing in a college quartet, the “Jeddo” Highlanders, weekly over NBC. On Christmas morning in 1928 Lanny made his debut as a soloist on a sustaining radio proj gram over NBC in New York. Graduated From Columbia After graduating from Columbia in 1931, Ross turned seriously to , music as his life’s work. He studied, at the Julliard Graduate School under a fellowship for two years until his pressing radio and theatre appearances forced him to hire a -private tutor. In October, 1932, he started his contract on the Max-well House , “Showboat” program over CBS, and was the star on this program for five years. Other programs on which Ross starred were Troubador of the Moon,”Packard Mardi Gras and Your Lucky Strike Hit -Parade. Ross has also starred in two motion pictures for Paramount and one for Columbia. Every summer ' he plays leading roles in stock company productions. Recently he made his grand opera debut in the "r role of Pudolpho in “La Boheme.” Ticket Sales Open Tickets' for the festival are on sale at University Drug Store, ' Southworth’s, Deac’s, the Union Desks, the Music office. Decker’s, the Fieldhouse and at the door of ^ the Hall of Music. The afternoon sessions are open to the public free of charge. Seats for the evening perf(^rmance sell * for 75c for adults and 26c for children under 12. ’ Paul Hamman . . . PSE ’41, has been appointed f an army fiying cadet and will bq■gin a 30-week xourse tomorrow, according to wordtreceived yesterday. He’will be stationed at the ^ Spartan School of Aeronautics in . f Tulsa, Oklahoma.
First Tickets For 'Our Town' On Sale Today Tickets for “Out Town,” the summer playshop product^n to be given in Eliza Fowler HalTJuly 2324, will go on sale today at Decker’s and Southworth’s. Tickets will be sold only for the Thursday night performance to accommodate any faculty members or towns-people who wish to. see the show. The price of tickets is 26 cents for all. Wednesday, July 23, is student night, and since this play is one of the features planned by the Summer Session Committee for the entertainment of summer enrollees, all students will be admitted free on presentation of their summer ’ registration card. Students may not attend the Thursday night performance without buying a ticket, and no tickets will be honored on Wednesday. Since “Our Town” is a play not following the usual customs of theater there will be no curtain, but the show will begin promptly at 8 o’clock. There will be no j^eserved seats. The cast of “Our Town” is made up of students in the, summer session. Among these are Becky 'Ann Pervine, Haskell* Metz, and Carolyn Wood, all prominent in campus activities. Army Aviation Cadet Exam Board Begins
Fleming To Present Evening Of Magic' In Music Hall Tomorrow Night At 8 Janice Yoeman, John McCallister 5*®6l Making Film To Reign At Summer Session Prom P'’®f®de,Shbw ^ ByProf-Mtfgician
Prof. Cooley To Speak At Conference Next
Week-Mere Today Week In Maryland
The Army Aviation Cadet examination board will be in the executive building from today until Saturday to inter-view all interested students, according to word received yesterday from Captain V. H. Williams, Jr., advance officer of the board. * . Captain Williams advised that those who have an earnest desire to fly should investigate how easy it is to secure exemption from the mental requirements. He explained, in regard to the educational requirement, that two years of college is not mandatory; it is merely considered the equivalent of the required education examination, and as such will exempt the applicant from taking the exam. However, the regular exam will be given on August 12 for those applicants who cannot meet the exemption requirements. In further explanation of the exemption possibilities, the captain said that exeinption from six of the the exam subjects will automatically free the applicant from the seventh, ^ince each subject is individually liable for exemption based on the applicant’s credit hours, the majority of university students who have completed one year are entitled to exemptions in most of the subjects if not all of them. The applicant should obtain a transcript of his credits and take it with him to -the meeting with the board, so that the members of the board will be able to explain the individual’s requirements. Captain Williams said. Accountants To Play Pharmacy Ball Club Accounting department A. C. will meet the Pharmacy department' A. C. tomorroy^ afternoon at 4:30 o’clock on the Women’s Athletic Field. Bill Bodden, shortstop, is first in the batting order for the accountants. The rest of the lineup is Fletemeyer in short field, Hollensbe at third base, Arbuckle at first, DeBruler at second. Brown in left field, Jacoby in center field, ' Smith in right field, Meid catching and either Willis or Liskey pitching. • Dr. S. J. Miller will be the umpire.
Prof. R. B. Cooley, of the department- of animal husbandry, will appear as speaker and judge at the National Conference of Peroheron Judges and Breeders, scheduled to be held Monday and Tuesday, July 21 and 22 at Frederick, Maryland. Prof. Cooley will deliver a talk on Monday morning at the Francis Scott Key hotel on the topic, “What Size Percherpn Makes the best Work Horse,” and will take part in the exhibition judging in the - stallion classes. Field and judging events will take place at the Frederick Copnty fair grounds. Judges and speakers from 20 . states and Canada are taking part in the two-day convention. Others from Indiana participating are E. C. Parker, Nobles-ville, and Woods A. Caperton, Carmel. Dr. C. D. Lowe,| senior extension animal husbandman . of the U. Department of Agriculture, will deliver an address on “Horse,s and Soil Consei'vation” and E. S. Bayard, editor of The Pennsylvania Farmer, will speak at the banquet, held Monday evening, July 21. Brays Addresses Nets, Chems.On Deferment Dr. J. L. Bray ,head of the school of chemical and metallurgical engineering,,addressed the chemical and metallurgical engineers, attending the summer course, yesterday morning on the subject of “Where the Engineer Stands in Regard to the Selective Service Act.” Dr. Bray said that it was his principal object in speaking to the students to allay any fears they might have about not being able to. complete their education because of the National Draft. Bray continued to say'^that he has heard the opin-. ion of all of the important men in charge of the National IJraft. These men indicate that it is the government’s desire tb see all undergraduate engineers complete their edu- * cation. ' “I most assuredly will ask for deferment,” said Bray, “for all present sophomore and junior chemical and metallurgical engineers, whose' indices indicate that they have a chgnce for industrial employment after graduation.”
Final Contest Voting Nearly Photo Finish Tradition was satisfied yesterday when a King and Queen were named by the student body as decorative ornaments for the 1941 Summer Session Prom, July 25. John McCallister, a member of Phi Gamma Delta and a sophomore in the chemical engineering school, was named- King in the student vote, and Janice Yoeman, a Kappa Kappa Gamma home ec senior, will reign over the prom as Queen. After more than a week during which prom ticket purchasers cast their ballots for their choices for King and Queen, the election was almost a photo finish among the various contestants, prom committee members said last night. ■ Prom night the King and Queen will lead the opening grand march, after which students will dance to the music of Larry Clinton and his orchestra. Names of many persons who had not been nominated by the prom committee were written in on the ballots, and Dick Adams, prom committee chairman, said several of these candidate^ polled almost as many votes as the King and Queen. - The candidates for Queen who polled. large ■ votes will form- the Queen’s court for the prom. They include Francis Potter, Virginia Graves, Martha Lommel, Marianne Duke, Janet .Glatz and Rosemary Feil. A special prom edition of the Exponent will be distributed prom night and will contain pictuuis of all the leading candidates. Rural Library Now Co^ains 500 Books The rural leaders’ circulating liIwary, which was started in 1934 by the University at the request of rural ministers and other farm leaders now contains more than 600 books which are traveling constantly to the farnvs and homes of the state. This was revealed by the publication of a neew book list by Prof. O. F. Hall, of the division of education and applied psychology, who is in charge of the project. The books are on agriculture and farm life, arts and crafts, biography, city life, drama, economics, education, etiquette, social ethics, family life, government, health, history, humoi;, literature, music, philosophy, poetry, psychology, religion, etc. The traveling library is administered by Prof. Hall.
Underwriters Open With 'Fundamentals Of Life Insurance' Fundamentals of life insurance . were considered here yesterday by close to 100 underwriters attending the opening session of the short course in life underwriting. The basic course, which will continue through the remainder of the week, has attracted a registration from five states, including Indiana, Ohio, Illinois, Kentucky, and Michigan. Determination of premium rates, types of contracts, contract analysis, and ethics are the subjects to be considered today. The speakers, air authorities in the field, will be Walter H. Kuehl, actuary of the Indiapapolis Life Insurance Co., Indianapolis; Robert L. Hill, general' agent. Northwestern National Life, Evansville; A. L. Odebrecht, assistant sales manager. Farm Bureau Life Insurance Co., Columbus, O., and John D. Cramer, deputy insurance coriimissioner, Indianapolis,Next week will be devoted to an advanced course open to those who have successfully completed the basic course either this year or in previous years. The general administration of the courses is under the direction of Alden C. Palmer, director of the educational division of ' the Insurance Research and Review Service,, Indiaimpolis. ^ Differences between rural and urban thinking as they affect life insurance prospects were outlined by Dr. 0. F. Hall, of the department of education, as the course opened yesterday morning. Later, James A. Preston, sales manager of the Columbus Mutual Life, Columbus, Ohio, spoke on “The Job of Selling.” The background of life insurance was presented by Howard Nyhart, manager of the Connecticut General Life, Indianapolis, while G. S. Hough, of the education department, Farm Bureau Life Insurance Co., Columbus, O., took up the service phase of insurance. Ag Experimeiitoi<s Publish 'Plum VarieHes' Bulletin Results of several years experiments with plum trees conducted at the Moses Felix Annex farm near Bedford have been published recently by the- Agricultural Experiment Station of the University in a, bulletin called “Plum Variety Trials at the Pdrdue Farm near Bedford.”
Professor of economics at the University of Pennsylvania in winter, and profe^or of magic in summer—that is the unusual dual role of Dr. Paul Fleming, who "will present his celebrated “Evening of Magic” in the Hall of Music tomorrow night at 8 o’clock. Fleming, who has been hailed as Houdini’s successor and presents a strictly professional production, has been an outstanding success in both qf his roles. His Thursday night appearance here will be open to the general public at a nominal charge. Before Fleming’s performance a technicolor sound movie showing the making of steel in the great open hearths of the United States Steel Corporation "will be shown on the screen of the Music Hall. The movie will start at 7:30 p. m. Ticket Committee Named A special committee to aid in the distribution of tickets has been named by Prof..O. F. Hall, chairman of the social committee. The following persons have been named to the committee: Bill ^Levering, Paul Carrington, Virginia Heckari:, John Woliung, Woody Stockton.
The Rapping Hand
The bookstores. Union desks, Cary Hall, Ford Hopkins, and Deckers will all have tickets on sale. ' To classes of university men. Dr. Fleming holds'forth in lecture halls on weighty subjects of finance, trade-unionism, and international trade. He is the author ol* several well knoAvn books on economics. -.But in the summer he abandons the professorial robe and presents his feats of legerdemain, mind-reading,. psuedo-spiritualism, and stage illusions. For he is perfectly at home when picking white bunnies from ,the crowns of unsuspecting gentlemen’s hats, or causing rose busWs to grow in empty flower pots, or transforming his assistant “James’* intd a charming young lady. Humble Beginning This is how it all came about:"For many years he was known only as. Paul Fleming, the Magician. Then he decided that training in public speaking would assist him in his work. In 1911 he began the preparatory study which his early stage work had prevented, and in 1917 he was graduated fronr Swaithmore College -with highest honors, a member of Phi Beta Kappa, scholarship honorary, and Delta Sigma Rho, forensic honorary. He has since received the degree of Doctor of Philosophy at the University of Pennsylvania,^^'where he is now professor ^ economics. But he has not abandoned his,first love—ma^c. Though the major part of his time is now devoted! (Continued on page - .
•W-'/v.'
-.-f4 ” M ' ' ' '
kI
K, y
L '^‘^'‘■'•I ,« >•?
St' J''
■ ’.
Ji tf’ '
Tr^ ii-i
r-V
fiapt, l—^iilA.
Tuesday, July 15, 1941
fiwtdujL £xpDfumL
Jimsd^ Jalk.
How Many Years? Gen. George Marshall, the army’s current' brainpo'wer, has posed a question that is difficult to decide without a great deal of emotional conflict. Gen. Marshall has asked Congress to extend the training period of the draftees another year, and that in itself is political and maybe social dynamite; but the General also wants the prohibition against sending troops outside the western hemisphere removed, which should cause some political funerals before the month is out. There is no doubt that the men are needed another year, and it certainly is not the army’s fault that the original period is only^ne year. It is the fault of politicians in Congress who presented one of the most nauseating exhibitions ever seen in the law-making chambers before the selective service act was passed. Well, that is past, and now there is a problem that is certainly a good deal more debatable than the draft bill. It is too much to hope that Congress will do any genuine thinking on this subject, but at least we can hope that they V ill cut their talk short and decide something in the face of the emergency. We recognize the urgent need for the men now in training to remain with the army for the duration of the emergency, but we also recognize a moral obligation to the draftees. They were drafted with the understanding that one year would be their time of service, and now we think it would be a slightly repulsive trick if they were forced to remain with the army in peacetime. Some army men have suggested that a large percentage of the men might remain with the service if sufficient financial and other inducements were offered. We believe that at least Congress should allow the draftees to decide by popular vote whether, in view of the real peril of war, they will be willing to serve their nation another year. As to the question of whether the limitation on employing the army in the western hemisphere should be removed, we are inclined to side definitely with Gen. Marshall. We are in this war, on the sly, if you will, but in it, and it is doubtful if we can provide the constant threat to the Axis states that we wish to, for the present without shooting, unless the fear is in all fascist hearts that the United States Army can at any time strike where this country’s interest conflict with those whom we have
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as Second class matter at Uie post office in Lafnyette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1878, and at the special rate of postage i provided for in Section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and bi-weekly during Summer Session. Subscriptions mailed for 60 cents.
PUBLICATION STAFF Editor: J. )L. TRAUGOTT Bus. Mgr.; D. S. PO'WERS
Editorial 4005 — PHONES — Business 8471
The Fifth Column
Well the wise men in Washington are getting ready to pull the fish bowl stunt again. Come Thursday the hand of fate will dip into that well worn glass jar and if the first number out is S40 . . . We’lf be back in a year.
Forwarding address Fort Knox, Ky.
We have only two regrets. The first is "that we were not born in the year of our Lord . . . Nineteen hundred and twelve. * * And the second, that there seems to he no possible way ... Of slipping a mouse trap into that fish bowl.
Giving the suckers a chance to snap back. ■i! + )
Box score for the nation’s senators foi the past week shows all men over 28 safe at home, and gate leceipts of well into the billions. Funny thing about the senators is that the only thing you can’t stir up an argument with them about is money. It is their opinion that the green stuff talks, and if all you have to do IS appropriate a couple of billion . . . There is no sense of being winded.
See by the papers where a peison can get his name painted nn a tank of any size and type he wishes to buy for the British. For sums of from $10,000 to $50,000. For a heck of a lot less than that they’ll let you drive one. And paint your name on a headstone for nothing. —dkh.
designated as our enemies, have always been against nationalism, and we prefer to designate this attitude as self-preservation; but whatever it is, it is common sense. J.L.T.
Results of the Gallup Poll published last Friday in The Daily News reveal that the outbreak of the German-Russian war had not decreased sentiment in this country either for aid to Britain or for convoys. An overwhelming majority favor aid to Britain.“Convoys” to ensure delivery of this aid is favored by 56 per cent of the people—a slight increase over the previous figure. We do not k-now just what is meant by “convoys.” This is a technical naval question. In the last war, merchant ships were accompanied by warships. Today, it might be more practical to use patrols of planes and ships at a distance to keep the seaways open and safe for merchant ships. But so far as the people are concerned, there can be no doubt. “Convoys,” to most Americans, means safe delivery of goods, under armed protection. The President has given his pledge that the goods will be delivered. The occupation of Iceland by American forces shows clearly that this pledge is to be implemented rapidly. From Iceland, patrols of ships and planes should be able to dominate most of the North Atlantic. Before this occupation, 56 per cent of the people apparently approved of using our planes and ships for this purpose. Since the occupation, that number has undoubtedly increased. Many Americans who do not want to urge action prematurely upon the President have indicated, again and again, that they approve of his course, in general, and will continue to follow his leadership, at whatever risk and sacrifice.—The Chicago Daily News.
WBAA
TUESDAY
12; 12: 12 12: 12: • 1:
1
1:
1 2 2 2 2 3 3
3
3 4 4 4 4 7 7 7
(Central Daylight Time) 00—Russ Graefnitz 15—Meet the Band 30—Meet the Band 45—WBAA Presents 50—Purdue News
00—Just Relax
15—Afternoon Melodies 30—Dorothy Washam
:45—Markets :00—Monitor
:15—A Chapter a Day :30—Treasure Chest :45—Parent Forum
:00—Joanne Lloyd (Piano)
:16—Camera Club
:30—^WPA transcription
:45—Meet Your Voice
:00—South American Way :15—Stockman’s Trails
:30—Sam Hamilton :45—Magic Carpet
■Concert Strings
:30—Music of the Day :45—Music of the Day
McConnell Addresses
Principal's Workshop
Ag Extension Department Publishes Land Bulletin
WEDNESDAY
j Psychological bases of cuiiiculum construction were outlined by T. R. McConnell, dean of the faculty of the University of Minnesota, as the second and final week of the workshop for secondary school principals was launched here yesterday. Dr. McConnell, a recognized authority on curriculums, will continue his series of discussions through this morning and afternoon.
As an added feature of the day's program for the 30 principals attending the two-week workshop, Albert Edward Wiggam, noted author and lecturer in the field of psychology, spoke before a noon luncheon meeting.
“The Land and the People” is the title of a bulletin recently issued by the Agricultural Extension Department of the University. It is the copy of a talk made at three state farm institutes held last March by Dr. Walter Havighurst of Miami University. Copies which are free may be obtaineiTitiom county agricultural agents or the Extension Department of the University. The address was a discussion of the past, present and possible future land problems of the nation.
A Calif or nia Institute of Technology professor estimates vthere are 1,000,000 earthquakes a year, including 200 strong jolts and 10,000 slight ones.
12:
12
12: 12: 12:
1 1 1 1 2 2 2 2 3
•3
3 4 4 4 4 7 7 7
(Central Daylight Time) 00—Wake Up and Live IB;—Sports Interviews
30-—Meet the Band
:46j—WRAA Presents
60—Purdue News ;00—Farm Facts
;16—Foods, Facts, Fancies
;30—Memory Lane
;46—Markets ;00—Monitor
;16—A Chapter a Day :30—June Eller (alt.) :45—Hymn Echoes :00—Science Review :16—Concert Master :46—The Bookman 00—Lest We Forget 1 S'—News ofi^ the Week :30—Melody Maids :46-^oanne Lloyd (organ) :00—Concert Strings
:30—Three M’s
46—Music of the Day
'Evening Of Magic'
(Continued from page 1) to university lecturing, some weeks of every summer and a limited number of winter evenings are given over to the presentation of his remarkable performance of
The Ghost Walks
conjuring. His audiences are attracted not only by his perfect • mastery of the technique of his art, but also by his finished and graceful stage deportment, and his fund of witticisms and good humor.
HEALTHFULLY COOL
LIMA
TODAY-WED.—-2 HitS JERkY COLONNA JUDY CANOVA
IN-
'SIS HOPKINS'
PLUS
LORETTA YOUNG PRESTON foster ' —-IN — 'THE LADY FROM CHEYENE'
—THURS. - FRI. - SAT.— TWO FIRST RUN HITS
AIR CONOITIONIED
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
VMnIa .Ritali . ^ Fli^D BilLAMY
Mary CartlA • Katkarika Mmakdar • Bhnrd Brapky
a iiaraitf Hakif a Maria Oaspaatiiaya
WaKarAM,^
— AND-
Foramouna pretania —a ratsi^i
■—ALSO — 'jUNIOR G-MEN” Serial
AIR CONDITIONED
HEALTHFULLY COOL
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
IDA JOHN LUPINO GARFIELD
In
our OF IHE^
THOMAS MITCHEll • EDDIE AIDEHT
—THURS. - FRI. - SAT.—
Monwytk
HEALTHFULLY COOL
MaMIS
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
grouc-h 0 -,cti rc o! -har#, ‘
wmwA RwnrMUimii
Virginia GREY Margaret DUMONT
—TH U RSDAY-FRID AY— ★ It's Mirthful... Zestiui! i JANS JACKIS WSTsiiHS'COOFill
A COLUMBIA PICTURE
TODAY - TOMORROW TWO SWELL HITS
Both Academy ^ward Winnera TOGETHERI
v*
wWi lames Ell
Beolali BoiTdl ..Charlei Goliuro:i
PLUS
with ION HALL VICTOR McLAGLEN FRANCES FARMER
— COMING — WALT DISNEY'S RELUCTANT DRAGON
Read your summer Exponent and patronize our advertisers.
£xaifdmimL UahmA,
Leave the Collar Open for the Sports and Closed 1 for Business
$
2.00
Fine assortment of new Oxford Weave Sport Shirts with double collar style,
long sleeves.
r
soomaiHst
CtOTHFS SHOP INC: ■;? in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE Both Air Conditioined , For ^Economy . . . . - The Lahr Hotel
the Purdue Exponent
Directory
Dine
' Chinese and American * Restaurant NU CHINA CAFE 409'^ Columbia St. \ Lafayette, Indiana
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M. C. "Red" Sammqns '29 Ri W. "Doc" Epple '40
School Supplies UfeAC'S Everything for a Col lege Education
W.,LAFAYETTE
LATEST BOOKS-.'BEST AUTHORS 3c PER DAY - 10c MINIMUM
'- Doc Miller’s paunchy Pill Rollers have again challenged the mighty, mauling, mastadonic .lSicponent Kegglers to a test of supremacy in ten pins nn the-hard wood floors of the Union’s bowling alleys Thursday night at 7 o’clock. In the last encounter of these two flashy teams the Pill Rollers of the how-famous Doc after a hard-fought, two-fisted, strike-laden bout just managed to forge ahead and defeat/the valiant Exponent squad. Experts forecast an even more, gruelling battle between the Pill Rollers and the Exponent “Dead-eye” Eegglers Thursday night. It is reported that without'the moral encouragement, and excellent coaching of the Kappas this summer the Pill Rollers have become rusty, and some say, “slightly mouldy.” ' At any rate Doc MiUer, speaking on behalf of his team, has promised to dratv blood. The battle promises to be an interesting one, and even if the good Doe doesn’t win,, it will be a treat to be there and see his; BAYER’S—yes, we know, it doesn’t make sense that way, but haven’t you guys any imagination. 'Games On Green' Again Tonight Tonight from 6:30 to 8 p. m. the weekly ^‘Games ,, On the Green,” recreational events session for all summer students, will be held on the grounds north of*^he Pield- ' house. ‘ V ' 'Professors M. L. Clevett and Helen Hazelton, .-of the physical education staffs, are in charge of this weekly program of outdoor suriimer games for both iffen and
co-eds.
T. K. Cowden of the farm management department met Wednesday with the Indiana Council of Milk Cooperatives-^in the. Union building. ^
*Our research conducted a poll and their statistics prove that this handkerchief gives more nose-joy than all :.the other brands combined!”
What *s in a Paint </o6? Quality paint is the foremost factor in a good pmnt job. With high quality workmanship naturally be^mes better. Make your dollars go farther and last loiter, also yfithi ^Pittsburgh’* paint when yOu redecorate for summer. Inside or out Pittsburgh paint will do the job betteir, yet you spend no mc^e.
GLASS AND PAINT CO. 826 Main St. ^
RYTEX-HYLITED WEDDING INVITATIONS OR ANNOUNCEMENTS
25
5c EACH-ADDITJONAL COPY For pleasant memories choose RYTEX-HYLITED Weddings . . . you'll always remember "the exqu isite styling . . . the heavy, richlooking stock t;; the tinaf: touch of perfection they added to your wedding. Let, us show you the entire RYTEX-HYLITED WEDbltslGline, HAYWOOD’S "Everything for the Office" Fifth and Ferry. Sta. Lafayette PHONE 4085
H. U. Wallace, EE Grad Dies At Georgia Home H. U. Wallace, EE ’94, died at the Broadlands, Plantation at Elberta, Georgia, on June 22, according to an announcement just received here. He had been an active member of the engineering profes-. si on ever since his graduation; Wallace was the son of Col. John S. Wallace, one of .the engineers instrumental in the building of ^e Panama Canal, and was bom at Rock Island, Illinois. After receiving his degree from the University, he wprked for the Illinois Central Railroad where he later rose to assistant superintendent and chief engineer.
He became manager for the receiver of the old Port Dodge, Des Moines and Southern railroad, and in 1906 associated with J. C. White and Company in Ghicago and New York as a consulting engineer. In 1917 he was riiade vice-president and general manager of the Western Light and Power Company ^ during the war he servejd as a major and then lieutenant-colonel in the army engineers corps. After the War Wallace was with power companies in the South and East until he became manager of the street railway company in Detroit. ; Wallace was a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon- social fraternity and Eta Kappa Nu,~professional electrical fraternity.
^8 well as
Wear ^lean Clothes
F I M E C L E A FI E R S O F F I N E C L 0 T H E t ^ Top of the Hillf On the Corner
Have your car tuned up by Ander^n’s mechanics. You will be surprised at the improvetnent iU performance.
AFTER YOJI —WE COME FIRST
$25 AlnbRina St.
'1^ ; „ "Vi
si' - ‘^§T'
^ ^ I
i '
iPa^ k-
Tuesday# July 15# 1941
fijuAdusL £xfu>mnt
BLUE
^ RIBBON
t»i^
0^
rs***.
OF
*“'^5Ssr
% QUALITY ^
ALWAYS FIRST IN FOODS \%
CUwaijA. 3'hAL in. J'oo/L Qujcdih^
The Purdue Memorial Union gives you the best— and ONLY the best of serviees and foods through
its:
COFFEE SHOP—Downstairs, nearest the Campus UNION CAFETERIA—2 fast moving lines THE GRILL LOUNGE—light lunches and sandwiches THE CHESTNUT ROOM—a place of quality THE SWEET SHOP—cool air, cold drinks and warm friends
Where else can you receive the selection and service that the Union gives you in its
eating places? We stand for high quality, and during the time yfMhave built up an un-
questionable reputation of giving out olily the finest foods.
When you think of eating out, do you ever think whut the kitchen looks like when you order? Clean and sanitary kitchens should mean the difference of eating in two different resturants, yet many think of a restaurant only by the front it presents. PMU offers to anyone the chance to look at our spotlessly clean kitchens to prove what we say is true—that properly kept kitchens is directly responsible for high quality cooking.
Think of your health when you think of your food in the sense that good food is needed—and the Union gives you good food at low and moderate prices.
QUALITY SERVICE AND SELECTION
/«
JhsL, PwidujL, TyimusiML lAnion,
The Corner of the Campus—Yet th^ Center of College Activities
V 4 V ,T