} s' ) ^ * •iji ^ V A ^ ^
^ ^ Ki^rf
\ ^ r
flf Js-VSi^ f, ^<#A n# 1/ -SSS*^
7^
Z-1»f
Foimidml In 1889
Daily Shicn 1906
' ?ir
H '5
Volume 52, No. 180
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, May 13, 1941
3,000 Witness Display Of Horses, Riding Skill Sunday At Gymkhana As a climax to the campus Mothers’ Day celebration, a crowd of close to 3,000 saw the fourth annual Gymkhana presented on Intratnural Field Sunday set a new standard for showmanship, fast action, and the quality of entries. “Redwood Highland” a stallion owned by H. W. Fitterling of South Bend captured the blue ribbon in the main event, co'mpetition for five-gaited saddle horses. Second place went to local entry “Good Fortune,” owned by Dr. and Mrs. G. A. Thomas and ridden by Mrs. Thomas; third to “Michiana Chief,” owned by J. H. White of Michigan City; and fourth to “Glad Acres Twigg,” ridden by Frances Potter and owned by George Potter of Lafayette.
*
Culver Military Academy entries added to the competition in a number of events. Black Horse Troop cadets H. Weiss and E. Richards took first and second respectively in the bareback horsemanship class. Co-ed Wilma Bear took third place and Wayne Brown fdurth. “Blue Magic” Wins A hairline decision gave one of the Black Horse Troopers, Ed Dumesil’s animal, the blue ribbon over “Blue Magic,” owned and ridden by W. E. Houston of Libertyville, Illinois. Wayne Brown, University student, took third with an entry “Pony,” and fourth went to another Culver hprse ridden by E. Richatds, of the Black Horse Troop. Other Results . Results of other events Tollow: Horsemanship for Women (Students Only)—^Won by Reva Richmond, LaGrange, 111.; second, Wilma Bear, Chicago, 111.; third. Prances Potter, Lafayette; fourth, Julia Cornelius, Bedford. Pleasure Class—Won by “Red” King, owned and ridden by Mrs. H. W. Pitterling, South Bend; second, (Continued on page 4) 400 Hear Phillips Talk At Senior Ag Banquet Speaking to more than 400 seniors, faculty members and alymni, A. G. Phillips, former head of the University’s poultry department, discussed “Making Good and Making a Living” at the annual Agricultural Senior-Faculty banquet las night in the Union. In his talk, Phillips outlined the things that seniors should look out Toi after they graduate. He based his discussion on reports that he received from 16 men who graduated in the last four years. Professor A. T. Wiancko represented t)le faculty and delivered the invocation; the response was given for the seniors by Robert Paine. Dean and Director of Agriculture H. J. Ree4 explained the workings and activities of the General Alumni Association. Roscoe Frgser, prominent alumnus, was toasttpaster. Industrial Conference Opens Here Thursday Thursday and Friday the University will hold its annual institute on personnel and Industrial-Relations with emphasis for the- meeting Tilaced upon labor relations and the national defense program. The session will start Thursday morning when Fred A> Kraft, dilector of Labor Relations wii^ the American Viscose Corporation, discusses “Collective Bargaining.” Thurs^y afternoon “Increasing the Working Force” will be the subject of discussion. Friday morning will be givon over to methods of “Drfense Training," while in the afternoon General L. B. Hershey will discuss^ “Selective Service." Friday evening there will be a banquet at which D’Alton P. Punnell will speak on “Labor Relations In a New Day.” o.l.a.
Tea Dance
Try Reading Debris Copy For Change! By Anita Worsley Well, eds and co-eds, your 1941 Debris is here. Comments as to the merits of the book, of course, are varied. And naturally, many of them begin—and end—^with the cover, which is perhaps less striking in appearance but equally superior in quality to last year’s book. All in all, it boils down to the fact that another staff, in its own way, has made its contribution to a long line of yearbooks, and thus climaxed long moments of eager waiting on the part of the campus in general.
Debris will be distributed today starting at 3 o’clock at the Debris workshop,^ the Debris office, and those which are not completely paid up at the Debris business office. Students should bring their stub when they come for their books.
The yearbook cannot be classed as another “Look” magazine—^there’s more to the book than just the photography. The Debris staff has worked long days—and nights—on the copy and picture makeups which represent several thousand manhours of labor. Every inch of the leading matter in the different sections has been worked over until the utmost news has been squeezed into every sentence. Don’t “Look,” “Read” The hope and prayer of every journalist-historian is to put out a book which would be self explanatory with no writing under the pictures, but it is practically impossible. Every ed and co-ed will learn numerous" interesting facts about their campus, facility, and activities by giving that new yearbook some “reading" tim6 and not just “looking’’ time. Pan-Hell ToOffer Co-ed Schdarship Pan-Hellenic Council, association for organized women, and Gold Peppers, senior honorary for women, are offering a scholarship to girls who are graduates in 1941 or before. Applicants must write a letter of application to the dean in which their plans for next year are explained. Personal interviews will be held with Bai'bara Atkins, president of Pan-Hell, Georgia Carroll, president of Gold Peppers, the Deans of Men and Women, and Irene Feldt, head of the placement service for women. Applications should be sent in as soon as possible. 'Two hundred dollars will be apportioned as the committee sees fit. v.m.b.
.^From All Fronts.^ Today's Summary Of War News
To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. • British Bomb Bremen Hamburg and Bremen, main submarine bases, were attacked savagely Sunday by British airmen, smarting under the effects of the big raid on London, which damaged the Houses of Parliament, Westminster Abbey and the British Museum. * * * • Retain To Get Report France’s chief of state. Marshal Petain, was scheduled to receive from Vice-Premier Darlan a report today of a conference with a “most important” Nazi chief. In Berlin it was said “nothing was known” of a widespread belief that the high-ranking German was Hitler. * * * • Vichy 'UnAmerican' Paul Ghali radios from Vichy that there are “increasingly violent attacks against the United States by the .German - controlled Paris press ever since Senator Claude Pepper’s suggestion of last Tuesday that the United States seize the West African port of Dakar.” If >): »< o 'U. S. Want$ Incidents' “German newspapers and speakers,” cables David M. Nichol from Berlin, “are taking the lin^ that America’s neutrality patrol and its increasing discussion of convoys are deliberate attempts to provoke incidents.” If If If • Russia, Iraq Agree Russia has established diplomatic relations with the government of Iraq, the official Moscow news agency reports. To secure this action, Iiaq was said to have withdrawn a request that other Arabian countries be recognized.
Bulletinf Rumors that Rudolph Hess, 47year old No. 8 man in the Nazi party, had fied Germany and parachuted to earth in Scotland from an unarmed plane last Saturday night were confirmed yesterday. Bearing family photographs to identify himself, Hess was considered perfectly normal except for an i^nkle fractured in the fall, contrary to German reports of a “mental derangement.”
... will be held today in the north ballroom of the Union from 4 o’clock until 6:45. The dance will be sponsored by the Student Union.
Alice Faye, Hollywood screen star, telephoned her studio yesterday that she had eloped with Phil Harris, screen and radio favorite, to a town in New Mexico where they were married. Dr. P. D. Bartlett To Speak At Am. Chemical Society Meet Tomorrow At 7:30 Dr. Paul D. Bartlett, assistant professor of chemistry at Harvard nniversity, will address the University section of the American Chemical Society at its regular monthly meeting tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock in I’oom 106 of the Chemistry Building. The meeting will be preceded by a dinner scheduled for 6 o’clock in the Union Building. Dr. Bartlett received his A. B. degree at Amherst College and his A. M. and Ph. D. degrees from Harvard university, where he has been connected with the chemistry department since 1932. Dr. Bartlett’s interests have been mainly in the field of stereochemistry and organic reactions. Dr. Bartlett was awarded the Langmuir award of the American Chemical Society at its Milwaukee meeting. - New officers of the local division of the Society, who will take office in June are: chairman, F. D. Mattin; vice-chairman, J. C* Lottes; chairman-elect, E. T. McBee; councillor for 194}., M. G. Mellon; councillor for 194?, T- DeVries and see-retai’y-treasurer, F. J. Allen. r.l.h.
'Neutral'US Actions Driving Us To War, Charges Germany By David M. Nichol SPECIAL, RADIO To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Servic^e. Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc. Berlin, May 12.—German newspapers and speakers are taking the line that America’s neutrality patrol and its increasing discussion of convoys are deliberate attempts to provoke incidents and thus make Germany responsible for the outbreak of actual war. A second phase of this argument is that the United States’ opposition is directed not against Germany itself but against the “New Europb.” Usually theie is the assertion also that the American people are being led into these “dangerous paths” by a wairmongering minority without majority support. One of the famous statements of this view may be found in a recent radio speech by Rear Admiral Lutzow of the high command propaganda section, a speech that went otherwise unreported. A List of Developments Listing step by step the developments to what he described us “intentional infringement of neutrality,” he said: “It is a case of nothing more than the establishment of a purely aggressive sea and air front against Europe. Because the American people are not yet unanimously willing to follow the President along this dangerous path, incidents are to be provoked. Tho frivolous description has been used that the ' (Continued on page 4) Mrs. H. Cecil Advises Co-eds On Interview Problems Yesterday More jobs are available this year than at any time in the last ten years according to Mrs. Harding Cecil, vice-president of the Brock-ett-Cecil Shops, who talked in the Union yesterday afternoon to coeds, who will be interviewed for jobs this summer. She also said it was important to know what kind of a job you want and what you have to offer. “Applying is the best way to obtain any satisfactory results, and there are several things to remember when being interviewed. Poise in entering, leaving, and during the interview is very essential. Be interested, natural, prompt, and by all means appropriately dressed. Campus clothes have no place in the city, and a business-like appearance will make the most favorable impression.” “Don't hesitate to state your qualifications. If the first try does not bring results, don’t give up. Show that you are interested by a tactful follow-up.” Mrs. Cecil will be on the campus several days as a guest of the Residence Hall Club for a conference on grooming, j.r. PE Women To Give Dance, Sport Show On Wednesday evening. May 21, from 7:30 to 9:00 p. m., the department of Physical Education fqr Women is presenting a demonstration of dance, sports, and tumbling at the Women’s Gymnasium to which students, faculty, and townspeople are invited free of charge. The program will consist of games, gymnastics, tumbling, folkdancing, tap-dancing, modem dance and synchronized swimming. Synchronissed swimming is in the form of the wpter-ballet which was presented by the Triton Club at the aquacade given Gala Week. The progtgm is spunsbred pnmarily by students preparing to tegch physical educatiqnt assisted by t})ie dahcS club aud the Triton club. p.s.
USN Announces Students Accepted For Commissions 55 Seniors, 3 Juniors, 1 Graduate Eligible To Claim Posts As Ensigns Names of the'University men whose applications for appointment as Ensigns in the U. S. Navy Reserve have been approved were released yesterday by the Personnel office, where their official notifications are available. Of the 175 seniors who originally applied, 100 were eliminated because of physical defects, and of the remainder fiftyfive have been offered appointments. Three juniors were accepted of the sixty-eight who passed the physical. No word has been received concerning several of the applicants. Walter G. Bergren, an instructor
Farley, Sayles Named Junior Grid Managers
Eight Freshmen Picked To' $erve Next Sctas^on Junior fdOtball managers for the year 1941-’42 were aimounced last night following their selection by the Insignia board of 8 students and faculty members. Junior managers for next year will be W. T. Farley, Winnetka, 111., sophomore in mechanical engineering and member of Phi Kappa Psi fraternity, and D, J. Sayles, sophomore science student of Hart, Mich., member of Sigma Chi fraternity. Alternate manager, who will assume managerial duties in l;he event of the sudden defttibe or dis'ability of one of the above, will be E. X. Wiley, sophomore metallurgist of Marion, member of Phi Gamma Deltp, fraternity, v Freshmen selected for the positions of sophomore football managers during next season were Bob Irmscher, Jim Sale, Chuck Graf, Bob McIntyre, W. A. Jackson, Henry Taylor, Bill Fleming and Bill Jones. Numerals were awarded sophomore managers for their efforts during the past two years. Those receiving awards were Morris Sunderland, E. X. Wiley, Robert Morrison, Marshal Beck, Morton Stovroff and Bill Shepard. Selecting the men for their respective positions was a board consisting of Mai Elward, G. A. Young, Tom Melton, Jim Miller, R. S. Colquhoun, A. W. Kettler, W. A. Campbell and W. G. Meierhoffer. r.l.h. Hanley Speech Finals Held Tomorrow Night In Home Ec Auditorium Six engineering stuHents, chosen fiom preliminary contests, will compete for one hundred dollars in prizes in the finals of the fift}i Hanley speech contest which will be held in the Home Economics auditorium at 7:30 tomorrow night. Finalists are Dick Spinggate, Ben Johnson, Ralph Finish, Robert Weiss, Louis Cohen, and William Swager. They will deliver sevenminute speeches, discussing their respective subjects from an economic viewpoint. Hanley Donates Prizes W. A. Hanley, ’ll, formerly «f the mechanical engineering school, has donated the prizes. The contest is run by the Forensic Board with R. M, Horn in charge. Prizes will be awarded.as follows: first place, $35; second place, $25; third, $15; fourth, $10; fifth and sixth, $5. The contest will be open to the public, w.e J.
in the mechanical school, was the only graduate approved. One senior, G. A. Stewart, received the commission of Lieutenant, Junior Grade. No reasons for the distinction were apparent to the personnel office, said Director David L. Arm. Tentative Plans These men now have the choice of pursuing careers in the Navy or refusing the commissions. Plans are tentative for a ceremonial passing out of the actual commissions. The names follow: S. B. Anderson, C. Andro^, R. S. Armstrong, Jr., W. O. B, Ballard, Jr., R. Z. Bancroft, D. E. Boynton, P. B. Campbell, M. Gash, C. S. Clark, G. W. Comer, E. L. Conn, R. J. Cowles, J. E. Day, Jr., J. J. Delaplans, W. A. Delmer, R. K. Duncan, A. G. Elley, W. H. Fisher, R. E. Gleason, D. D. A. Gray, G. E. Hamilton, W. D. Hanvill, G. S. Harris, D. K. Heiple, L. M. Hinrichs, T. E. Hoover, J. M. Horn. C. H. Jackson, Jr., C. T. Jardine, R. M. Kimball, J. V. Kinsey, J.. C. McConahay, A. J. Malcomson, F. H. Montague, F. L. Mullin, H. W. Palmer, D. L: Phillips, A. T. Sangermano, G. R. Schneider, R. L. Schuerman, C. A. Sheets, W. E. Short, Jr., W. T. "Sjoblom, N. F. Smith, O. P. Smith, Jr., R. C. Springgate, Lieut. (JG) G. a. Stewart, J. S. Stewart, R. P. Thornton, A. Tower, L. E. Troutman, E. D. Verink, Jr., W. W. Wade, W. Wahl, R. F. Weisehan, P. M. Winslow, F. L. Zimmerman.
Juniors
J. A. Cunningham, V. E. Hupp, S. C. Sperling. Graduate ^ Gustav Walter Bergren. Scrivener Club . . . announces the election of Chester Riegle, president; Mfodon Howard, vice-president; ^Prances Estep, secretary; and Ruth Dra^, treasurer. Choiqe Of Electives Every student whose plan of study for the year 194I-*42 calls for elective or optional subjects is required to make his choice of dec* tives before the close of the present semester. Such a studmit should consult the Dean or Head of his school at an early date. This notice applies to: all present Juniors except in Engineering Law; all present Sophomores cept in Forestry, Mechanical Kigineering, and IVade and industrml Education; all present Freshmmk except those Freshman Kighiemta expecting to take Chemip^ Mstpllurgical. Mechanical or P|wh: vice Engineering, or Engineering Law, and all irregular students. Reprints of the Plans of Study for the various schools are available at the offices of the School Heads and the Registrar. Abo a limited number of Reprints “Undergraduate Plans of Stu^ and Daseription qf Courses" are available at the Registrar’s fMBieew The eral catalogue is not d&tribiriid to students. Copies are uvoilai^ fhr inspection in tike RcijjbriraFli CMloh —R.R.STONR2-
Tuesdciy, May 13/1941
(pjuJulwL £xfumant
The H^fh Column
According to a report we just received from the German Library of Information Germany and Russia stand toe to toe on all sorts of things. And from what we know of Adolf and Comrade, Joe. We won’t be a bit surprised if they start.. . Stepping on each other, i* With the coming of spring, Labor has suddenly become aware of the many crimes being perpetrated against it. Or maybe it’s just all the defense in the atmosphere. While the draftees are learning to defend the country. Labor is preparing to defend its rights . . . By striking. ♦ > if: ■' For more pay. “ . * * * ■ Of course this means that the boys will have to use tree trunks instead of anti-tank guns for a while longer. But that can’t be helped. After all, when it comes down to an issue involving the welfare of the United States or Labor. Labor comes first. The international poker game is going very well these days. In fact, several of the Nazi bigwigs have committed suicide recently. Now we’re wondering how long it will be before . . . Adolf deals Massofini out. * * * It’s been called to our government’s attention that a number of the Bunds happen to own land near ar-
The Purdue Exponent
Butered m aceond aUuM matter at the peat eCiaa ta Lafayette. Indiana, under the aet of CoasreM of Marak S, 187j>, and at the ai>eeial rate ef poetage prerided for in ■eetion 1108, aet of Oetober 8, 1917, anthor&ed Jannary 80, 1922. Publish^ daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Snmaaer Semlen. DeliTwed locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail anb■cription, $8.60. EdIter-in-Chlef. ..R. W/ SeBalme Bnsineaa Manager —....Merle ■aganaeyer Piiblicalioii Staff Newa Bditor...:. J. H. McKee Managing E^ter : D, K. Hbiple ABBoeiate Editoca: $r. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Parcell, L. W. Rnffner, B. M. Skallerup, J. L; Traugott. -Butinma Staff Local Adyertiaing Managera: D. S. Powera, G. C; Landera; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer ; Aaeounti Manager, R. 3. Shadford; Circulation' Ibnager, R, M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor... ..._. Beth Bimpaon Aaaociate Editora: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Roae, Donna . 'Sima. Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Aaaociate Editora: J. F. Adamaon, P. C. Johnaon, R. O. Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 8471; Sporta 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Ine., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New Tork, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Kieper Day Editor: Chatfield Issue Editor: Rafert Sports Editor: Fraser Staff: R. L. Hadley, B.. G. Smith, R. R. Runnion, J. Ramsdell, V. M. Barson, P. Stenbnrg, A. Dorsley, G. T. Whelden, D. W. Meier, P. G. Roqnemore.
senals. Now we don’t want to kick them out—exactly. But in our opinion, the only land in/this country that the Nazis should be allowed to own and occupy is . . . In a cemetery.—ola
Have We Gained?
When the SAA^ one of the campus’ more useless organizations, was laid to rest last week another organiation rose to take its place. This group, called the Purdue Athletic Council, was new, streamlined and much hope was held that it would give the campus something that the SAA had not been able to give. Thus far it has given nothing, nor does it show any indications of doing so. Organized nearly a week ago, given the power to be a moving force in Purdue athletics, the council has not even had an organization meeting to elect officers and plan a program for next year. This organizing should be done. It must be done if the Council is to live up to the things that are expected of it. Mai Elward, willing and ready to co-operate with these men, has not, to the best of onr knowledge, been contacted by the Council as an organied group. If the student members of the council—supposedly the best the Univefsity has to offer in the way of athletic managerial ability, for they are the seven senior managers of football, baseball, basketball and track—do not make of the Purdue Athletic Council the thing that its constitution indicate can be made of it, then they are failing in their duty to the University. How about it boys?—Iwr
Prof. Miller Addresses Air-Conditioning Council Professor W. T. Miller, M. M. McClure, and Carl Boester, of the School of Mechanical Engineering, attended the meeting of the Indianapolis Air-Conditioning Council Friday night. Professor Miller delivered the principal address entitled “Radiant Energy As Applied To Heating.” Mr. McClure will leave for South Bend Wednesday to consult with the O’Brien Varnish Company on problems of paint failure, b.g.s.
Reeistration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the first semester registration^ September 8, 9, 10, 1941, are requested to make application before the end of ^e present year on the blanks to be obtained at the. Registrar's office. Those with previous experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. —STONE.
•The Ratio^ 3.93 >•.fo 1
Well, another week-end and another Mother’s Day shot in the pants. There aren’t many more left now. Just two weeks from today, classes end. Are you ready for the days of judgment ? We had some interesting developments over the week-end, too. For instance, the Phi Delts inaugurated a new tradition, or something, when Phil Johnson pinned Theta pledge Jane Standish and she walked home from the house with the hig lighted Phi Delt pin. You know, the one they hang up at Inter-fraternity. Quite a joh'sKeTiad,'"tdt)u I reckon; Sophomore, Bob Siff, &om Ca^y Hall finally won out, too/this weekend and pinned Senior Avanelle Murphy. Bob’s been fighting a guy from Chicago for the love of this little gal for the past few months. What are you-going to do next year and the year after that though. Bob ? Remember last week when we told you that Bill Simpson was planning to go to Ohio State and put his pin out? Well, he did and he did. Bill’s only seen the girl twice and, if you’ll remember, she already had a Sig pin, so some people naturally think he’s a damn fool, but, as he points out, that’s all a matter of opinion. He must love the gal, though, because he hocked his watch down there for five dollars when he ran put of money. Women ^nd money— the roots of all evil. But anyhow, the mixer was fun, and the gang had a lot of fun Ringing out at Biltz’s afterwards. The Iowa tennis team took a beating, though. See you later.
student Senate Members: Come to office and schedule the hours you can work at elections on' Thursday, May 15. Come on Thursday whether you have signed up or not. —WALLEY. Pi Tau Sigma Actives and Pledges: Informal initiation at SAE house at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, May 13. Pledges bring dra'Wing'and large handkerchief. —WIST.
Flying Club: Meeting Wednesday, May 14, at 7 p. m. in room 303 of Union. —HABICHT.
WBAA
TUESDAY 11:00—The Dentist Says 11:16—Sam Hamilton—^pianist 11:30—Listen While You Work ll:6fi—Purdue News 12:00—Russ Graefnitz—pianist 12:16—Town Crier 12:30—Mbet The Band 12:46—^Market Reports 1:00—Cue For a Song—Frank Reddy ItlB-"-Afternoon Melodies 1 ;80—Dorothy Washam—linger 1:46—-Monitor Views the News 2:00—Story Time 2:16—Marching Along 2:30—Parent Forum 2:46—Treasure Chest 3:00—A Chapter a Week 3:15—^Magic Carpet 3:30—Organ Moods—Frank Reddy 4:00—^^Memory Lane 4:16—^Virginia Ulrey 4:30—The South American Way 4:45—-Story Book Hour 6:00—Concert Strings 6:30—Music of the Day
Notices
POMM: Get your tickets for the banquet Tuesday, May 18, from Dillon or Silcock. —SILCOCK.
Horseback Riders: WAA points can be earned by horseback riding. Ten points will be given for each ride,_ although not over 100 points can be obtained in one season. In order to earn points, it is necessary to sign up in the saddle room of the Riding Stables. —REDWINE. Christian Student Fellowship: Election of officers at meeting Thursday, May 16, at 7:30 p. m. in room 307 of Union. —LONG. Purdue Outing Club: Meeting Tuesday, May 13, in room 303 of Union for election of officers.. All old members please be there. Any..student interested in.outdoor activities is invited. —BLAGRAVB. POMM: New members desiring keys contact me before Thursday, May 16. 5089. Price $1.60. —SULLIVAN.
Alpha Phi Omega: Last meeting of 'the year to be; held at Catalyst Cabin Friday, May 16. Call Dave Blaine for reservations immediately. All out—big time. Refreshments. —McCAMMON.
Newman Club: Important executive council meeting Tuesday, May 13, 4:16 p. m. in room. 302 of Union. Bolk new and old officers attend. Plans for the picnic will be completed. The nominating committee 'will meet, Wednesday, May 14.-at 7:30 p. m. —BROCK.
_Scriveners: Pledging in room 263 of the Union at 6 p. m. Tuesday, May 18. Active members be present.
Cary Club: Meeting Tuesday, May 13, at 7 :30 in Smith Hall. Dr. A. A. Smith will speak. Refreshments will be served. —BUTLER.
All Military Students: There will be Corps Day Formations on Tuesday, May 13, and Thursday, May 16. Formation will be in the Armory in uniform. —AYERS.
Sophomore Military Students: All sophomores whose names appear on the 1941-42 advanced military course list and have signed the contract, must report to the Main Office of the Armory for a certificate. (6-16) —AYERS.
Scabbard and Blade: There 'will be a meeting at 7:15 p. m. Thursday, May 15, in room 263 of the Union for election of officers for next year. —MEESE.
Eta Kappa Nu: Active and piledge formal initiation, Wednesday, May 14, 6:00 p. m., in room 305 of the 'Onion. Banquet in room 332 at 6 :00 p. m. —HOLCOMB.
Triton Club: Important business meeting for every nsember to be held on Tuesday, May 18, at 7:15 p. m. —ROSENCRANS.
Dairy Club: Meeting Tuesday, May 18, at 7:80 in Smith Hall. Dr. A. A. Smith will speak. Refreshments will be serv^. , . —BUTLER. Kappa Delta Pi-Delta Rho Kappa: Picnic at Ross Camp Thursday, May 16. Cars leaving from back of Education Building at 4 :16 p. m. sharp. Rain or shine. All actives of both organizations welcome. —NORQUEST. Pistol Team: Banquet Thursday, May 22, in the old Chestnut room of Union at 6 p. m. Please sign up with Lt. Brown in the supply room of Armory. —SCHMIDT. Eta Kappa Nu: All actives and pledges must be at the formal initiation bn Wednesday, May 14, at 6 p. m. in room 306 of the Union, Banquet in room 332 at 6 P. m. \ ; —HOLCOMB. Silver Mask: Important meeting of the social committee Wednesday, May 14, at 4:80 p. m. in the Fieldhouse. —BURL. _ Change of Schools: Any student who has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the registrar’s office. , —STONE.
-ALL THIS WEEK3[asjiqkiL,... that will be heard around the world!
Exponent Juniors: Candidates for senior positions see notice on office bulletin board regarding pictures for election announcements. —ARCHIBALD.
. . . University student branch, elected the following officers for next year: chairman, David A. Utley; secretary-treasurer, Kenneth W- Shaw; vice-chairmen, William S. Miller, George F, Topinka, and Robert E. Weir; honorary chairman, Professor H. A. Bolz. Charles M. Rpckwood was awarded the James Hartness biography in recognition of his services to the organization as secretary-treasurer during the past year.
All Military Basic Student: Freshmen and sophomore uniforms must be turned in on X-hours beginning 2 p. m. May 18 for 3rd and 4th Regiments, and beginning 9 a. m. May 16th for 1st and 2nd Regiments. Batteries will be formed and Instructions issued, before taking uniforms to supply department; See schedule posted on bulletin board in Armory. —BROWN.
Freshman Military Students: Second class gunners examination is being, conducted during classroom hours and X-hours. Attendance is required. X-hours meet only on uniform turn-in day. (6-13) —AYERS.
Eta Alpha Sigma Sigma; Everyone will be very sad until things look better which we hope will be in the near future. , —ALLANSON.
PIA Dance Class: Meeting Tuesday, May 13 at 7:30 p. m. Everyone be there. —HUMPHREY.
in his new comedy The Great DiCTAraR wiHi" JACK OAKIE PAULETTE GODDARU
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichfy
“I’m taking the valuable things in the taxiwith the movers!”
You can ride
Christian Science Organizations ; Regular meeting Tuesday, May 13, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 306 of Union. —WATT.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Tickets for the Honorary Banquet, sponsored by Tau Beta Pi, can be obtained from Tom Stephens for 26 cents. —ALEXANDER.
Student Senate Members: Banquet at 6 p. m. May 13 in the south reception room of Union. Prof. Franz Schneider of the University of California is the speaker. Come whether you’ve signed up or not. This is for newly-appointed members as well as old. . —WM^LEY.
Phi Lambda Upsilon; Rough initiation and election of officers followed by a party for pledges and actives Friday, May 16, at 7 p. m. in Chemistry Building. ' —ALEXANDER.
. .. Undergraduate Dames: Meeting Tuesday, May 13, at 7 :30 p. sii. in room 304 of Union. —GERSTUNG.
YWCA Cabinet Members: Meeting Tuesday, May 13, at 4 p. m. in the YWCA office in Union. Please be prompt. . —NEWTON.
Religious' Council: Final meeting this semester on Wednesday, May 14, 7 :30 p. m. in room 66 of Union. Selection of comiuittee chairmen for next year, othe|: important —HAMILTON.
Classified Ads
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone, 2779.
business.
For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Seivice. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all nighL Phone 2407.
Tau Beta Pi: Important meeting Thursday, May 16, at 7:30 p. m. in Union for election of officers. —MONTGOMERY.
Lost: Acacia fraternity pin. Call Franke Thompson, 6067. Reward.
Lost: Kappa Sigma pin. Cali Art Beddoe, Kappa Sigma house. Reward.
WAA Archers: Archery tournament will be at 4 p. m. every evening this week. All tourney shooting must be finished by Tuesday; May 20.
-JACKSON.
AWS Executive Board : Meet at 7:16 p. m. Wednesday, May 14, in the AWS office. —McCULLOCH. Gold Peppers; Important meeting Tuesday, May 18, at 7:80 p. m. in room 263 of Union. Movies will be shown. —CARROLL.
ARC
TODAY - WEDNEpAY SMASHING ACTION!
PLUS
“GREEN ARCHER'
TODAY - TOMORROW — DOUBLE FEATURE-
THE BEST PICTURE OF 1940
with LAURENCE OLIVER JOAN FONTAINE
PLUS'
MU.ROACH STM OLIVER UURELftHARDY
AT SEA
—-ADDED — Informat'ion Please with WENDEL WILLKIE
TODAY- WEDNESDAY 2 SWELL HITS
A gay widow... love ;.. and a million doUairs! B?a-EAsy ROBEIlt Huji, CUMMINGS • HUSSEY M MDERSON • C. Avliiy SMITH • Hl|8l BRUCi Rilinalil OWEN . T$b CONWAY
Ton CONWAY-Frieda INESCORT Jobn LITEL - Marsha HONT Marjarii MAIN • Heny O'NEILL
m
mitmy
1
S^uhdun £xpomjni
Tuesday, May 13, 1941
PagiL
Riveter Nine Meets Bulldogs Today
B * T D f f
Diamondmen Face Butler On Varsity Field; Seek Second Win From indianapolis Team A revitalized, hard-hitting Boilermaker team will take the field this afternoon when Butler invades the campus for the second encounter of a home and home series with the Bulldog squad. Exactly two weeks ago Coach Fehring’s lads journeyed to the downstate metropolis to hand the Butler base-runners an 11-4 trouncing.
Although the Gold and Black team is at present in a position very near the bottom in Western Conference standings, anyone who saw last week-end’s encounters with the Wildcats can assure you that Coach Pehring’s diamondmen are now really on the ball and ready to go places. Northwestern Games Friday’s game with the Evanston baseball followers ended with a score overwhelmingly in the favor of the local diamondmen. The nine innings were completed with six Eiveter tallies to the one collected by the Northwestern players. On Saturday the visiting Wildcat players made things considerably hotter for the Boilermakers. Only after twelve innings of thrill-filled play were the Riveters able to run up their one point lead to win 7-6. Saturday’s battle was perhaps one of the most interesting baseball encounters from a spectator’s standpoint that could be found. In the ninth inning Bill DeCorrevont, Purple grid and diamond star, made up for his weakness at bat during the series by making a beau-
tiful shoe-string catch of McFerren’s hard-hit liner to short stop that would have proved to be a Riveter rally. Double Out Another crucial moment developed when two Purple players found themselves saffely on the base after the game had already preceded into extra innings. Magnificent play on the part of Boilermaker players brought about a double play and permitted their team another chance to pull the game out of the fire. Captain Bud Fisher in his now position at short stop was probably the most outstanding player on the Boilermaker squad during the Northwestern series. Fisher accomplished the truly remarkable feat of batting .626 for a series average. His defensive play was very close to being on a par with his work at bat. Much of the credit for the performance of the team over the week-end belongs to Captain Bud. More High Averages Blanken did almost as well as his team mate Fisher in the batting department having rung-up a .500
REST ASSURED at HOTEL FOWLER 200 Roon^ Fireproof Newly Decorated Blue Blazer Airconditioned
Fourth and Ferry
Lafayette
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• ProfeMional
Risk Dental Clinic DR. RAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHIR A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK
Mh §r Main Sl«.
Rhana 5710
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119V4 Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
• Hardware
If It's Hardware We Have It Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Phone 4354 We Deliver Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 AAain St. Phone 2777
Tailor
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Building SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
School Suppliaa DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St. Hays jewelry Co. Fine jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE • Ice and Coal SCORED \ SIZED ICE CUBED LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO. Phone 5078
Tennis Team Invades O.S.,I.U.,Earlham After completing a highly silccessful week-end on home ground, the Boilermaker tennis squad under Coach Larry LaBree are now working hard in preparation for some stiff competition on foreign territory. Next Thursday, Friday, and Saturday the Riveter racquet wielders take bn Ohio State, Indiana, and Earlham, respectively. The Ohio State and Earlham meets will be played on their respective campuses, while the Indiana game will be decided at Columbus, Ohio, probably on the Ohio State’s courts. So far this season the Boilermaker tennis squad has made a fine record for itself. Under Coach LaBree’s tutoring, and from the excellent playing of such men as Stettner, Armstrong, Lucht, Anderson and Van Camp has come a record of 8 wins and one loss. The single defeat was at the hands of a powerful Michigan squad, g.t.w.
average for the two-day series. Second baseman McFerren also deboth at bat and at the keystone serves a hand for his performance sack. Coach Fehring commented that McCaffrey’s work at first was almost phenomenal in the Northwestern encounters, and states that McCaffrey will see action there again in today’s game. Another Boilermaker who really distinguished himself on the baseball diamond Saturday is a lad by the name of John Emmert. Taking over the pitching duties in the seventh inning Emmert allowed only three hits in the next six innings of play. Catcher Ernest Young will be rewarded for his fine work last Friday and Saturday by having a berth behind the plate in today’s battle. Leifheit on Hill Today In all probability Walter Leifheit will be the Riveter hurier to take over mound duties in this afternoon’s affair. Besides being / a top-notch pitcher Leifheit is mean at the plate, iiaving made a .467 batting average thus far this season. Fisher will remain at^ short, and McCaffrey will continue his duties at the initial sack. Either Blanken or sophomore Merlin Gantz will see action in one of the garden spots. Byelene and Janisch will take care of the remaining outfielding duties. Following today’s battle the Riveter team will be looking to Friday and Saturday’s games with the Gophers at Minneapolis. Striving to better their standing on the conference ladder, the Riveter team will encounter a Minnesota squad that thus far this year has won four and lost four Big Ten games, d.w.m.
lllusiOiTS
JBy Joseph Patrick Dolan Dropped into the Marine Corps recruiting office in the administration building yesterday to see if the soldiers of the seas could use an Irishman (they could), and while we were there we saw John Papurca, this past season’s wrestling captain, pass his physical exam and be sworn into service as a first class Marine. According to Second Lieutenant E. D. Graves of the Marine Corps, Papurca will attend the Marine Officers’ training school for three months and then active duty for the duration and more if he likes. —I-I— Now that the SAA, one of the most useless organizations ever instituted on this campus has been abolished, we have now a new oiganization. But will this new organization get on the ball and function or will it be seven different organizations, each good for the dura* "tion of its season—that is, will the football managers be “around” only when the gridders are kicking and tackling, or will they cease to “live” after November? -1-1— The old SAA always dug deeply into the pockets of some poor organizations around election time each spring, and as far as we have been able to ascertain for the past four years, the men elected to the positions of SAA men were always of the finest calibre and leadership, but what’s the use of a title without something to do? And no one can be expected to attend every practice, sleep in the locker rooms, and live athletes for nine months when some of our senior managers don’t ever “last out” their last season. —I-I— ' So to this new organization, let’s get on the wagon. Have a meeting with director Mai Elward, and no matter when you error—^be consistant, don’t be sposmatic.
Big Ten Baseball Race The University of Michigan was still clinging to the top rung in the Big Ten ladder this week by continuing its winning ways in a series with Illinois. After losing on Friday, three to two, the Wolverines came back on Saturday to even the series with a seven to two triumph. Mickey Stoddard, Michigan righthander, was furnished with an early lead which was never in danger, and he coasted in with a seven hit performance for his
third conference victory.
. Wildcats Clawed j
Northwestern’s high flying nine led with its chin ovei the week-end and woke up Sunday morning to find that they had dropped to a three way tie for fourth place. The Wildcats, with second place firmly in their grasp, swaggered onto the Riveter diamond Friday afternoon and staggered off Saturday night after absorbing two beatings at the hands of Dutch Fehring’s inspired
nine.
Indiana’s stock also took a nose dive over the week-end and the Hoosiers are left with a very small shot at the conference crown. After the dust of battle had settled on the Bloomington diamond, a final tabulation of the official scorer’s figures revealed that an invading Ohio State team had come out on top, SIX to three. Combining this loss With the one given to them on Friday, the Hoosiers found themselves with four losses and undisputed possession of third place. Hoosiers Beaten ,
WAA
Lifted: RATIONALIZATION Soft the new love tells his lies. And, ah, he tells them Well. Demurely, I turn down my eyes; Alone, I laugh like hell.
. . . will hold its annual Spring Sports Spread at the WAA cabin on Tuesday, May 20, at 6:30 o’clock. At this meeting, all awards for spring sports will be given. Tickets for this picnic are twenty-five cents and may be purchased from any council member. All co-eds are invited to attend, p.s.
Ward And Frat Men To Run Track Meets This afternoon at four will see the starting of the annual Ward Track Meet. Ted Tycocki, ace Boilermaker trackman, will be the head staiter. This meet will enable all unorganized students in school to hit the cinders "and try to gain poifits for their respective awards.
Twelve Events
Events included will be the 100 yard dash, mile run, 440 yard dash, 120 yard high hurdles, shot put, high jump, pole vault, 220 yard dash, half mile relay, 220 yard low hurdles, half mile run, and broad
jump.
Following right on the heels of the Ward meet is the annual Interfraternity Track Meet. Doc Wikening will act as head starter and the first shot will be fired at 4:15 when the 100 yard dash is run off. Betas Defend Crown Defending champions will be the Betas, who last year won both the indoor and outdoor track meets. All fraternity men who believe they have any track skill whatsoever are urged to enter, as Coach Phillips, Riveter track coach, who is ever on the lookout for potential cindermen, will be there. Events to be run are the same as in the Ward meet with the addition of the two mile run, discus throw, and the javelin throw. The only other difference m the two meets is the fact that the Frat meet is to be run off in two days instead of one. These two days are the 14th and 16th of May, the events starting at 4:16 on both afternoons, g.t.w. I M SchoduloB
BASEBALL—TUESDAY, MAY 13 Diamond 1— Phi Kappa Alpha vs Lambda Chi Alpha 2— Triangle vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 3— Beta Sigma Psi vs. Phi Delta Theta 4— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Alpha K^ppa Lamba. 5— Sigma Chi vs. Theta Tau. 6— Phi Sigma Kappa vs Tau Kappa Epsilon. 7— Theta Chi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 8— Beta Theta Pi vs Phi Kappa. 9— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Delta Tau Delta. TENNIS—TUESDAY, MAY 13 All Campus: 4:1S p. m. Brapner vs Lichtenberg. Brackman vs. Mees. Armstrong vs. Ratchford or McLaughlin Mangold vs Kraybill. Gardner vs Collings Pettit vs. Wells. Harrison vs. Pickering. i Murphy vs Niese. Freshmen Brower vs Cochran Lewis vs. Eden. Leevy vs. Dudzinski. Christensen vs. Crystal A Davidson vs. Richard Anderson. A Doubles Pi Kappa Phi vs. Winner (Sigma Pi vs. liambda Chi Alpha). B Dougles Beta Theta Pi vs. Triangle. Singles Sigma Pi vs. Alpha Chi Rho.
Indiana started off the game with a riotous first inning in which they whisked three runs across the plate before the Buckeye pitcher, Joe Maley, settled down. From that point on, it was the Buckeyes who furnished all the excitement. Jim Langhurst’s home run with two men aboard climaxed a steady Ohio State drive? Apparently irked by Indiana’s first inning splurge, Maley handcuffed the Hoosier batters for the remainder of the game, allowing only three hits. A pair of the conference taiienders had themselves an exciting week-end at Madison, Wisconsin. The Badgers, playing host to a traveling band of Gophers, kept themselves a half a game ah^d of the Riveters by taking a four to three contest from Minnesota on Sat^day. A Gopher victory on Friday made the series a draw and put Minnesota in a triple tie for fourth
place.
Maroons Lpse The University of Chicago diamond was the scene of the usual baseball farces that are enacted there. The Hawkeyes from Iowa breezed into town and proceeded to take both games of the series without a hint of difficulty. Both games were won by the same score, 12 to 1. Seven errors, rather good for Chicago, were committed by the Maroon nine in Saturday’s encounter. j.d.f. Cdnference Standings:
Mic)iigan Illinois Iowa Indiana Ohio State Minnesota . Northwestern Wisconsin .. Purdue Chicago
Pet. .833 .667 .667 .600 .600 .500 .500 .400 .875 .000
3L
imon
u
(^a^etena
The BEST Food, YET the Most Reasonable Prices
INVITES YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS TO ENJOY YOUR MEALS MORE • Delidous Food • Coui^eous Service
• Reasonable Prices Breakfast 7-9 — Luncheon m at
Dinner
JhsL Corner of Campus Yet the Center of Ai^vities*-5 ,
r- ‘
i* ' . V
fijO^ 4 > 5jB/I£/Ea^
Tuesday, j^ay 13, 1941
PuJtdm. £xpDmnL
,‘A
New Foreign Minister Sent To Boisfer U.S.Argentine Relations
Bradley To Play Boogie Woogie For Hall Dance
'Neutral'US Actions Df. Steer Namedipeaker
At U. Of Iowa Speech Clinic
(Continued from page 1)
By Allen fladen
By Mary Kay Miller
SPECIAL CORRESPONDENCE Of The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 19tJ. Chicago Daily News, Inc.
Buenos Ah-es, May 6.—(By Clipper.)—Argentina hopes that the impending visit to Washington by Enrique Ruiz Guinazu, new Argentine foreign minister, will .not recall the sad experience with his predecessor in office, Jose Maria Cantilo, who nearly wrecked the Lima Conference of 1938 through unfamiliarity with the meaning of Pan-Ameri-can co-operation. Ruiz Guinazu, en route from his former post in Vatican City, is due in New York next week. There is a basis for both hope and fear. Hope, because this is the first official visit of an Argentine foreign minister to Washington, and fear because Dr. Ruiz Guinazu is the third Argentine foreign minister to move into the job from an embassy in Rome. The two others were Angel Gallardo in 1926 and Dr. Cantilo in 1938. ^ Returning to Argentina by way of Washington after four years’ absence. Dr. Ruiz Guinazu will find his country in political and economic upheaval. In that picture the prospect of Pan-American co-oper-ation is brightest, the economic outlook darkest.
Relations AVith U. S. Good Relations with the United States are most friendly. Trade is up 50 per cent, with Argentina buying more and selling more in the United States than anywhere else. The interchange amounted to $29,000,000 for the first three months of 1940 and $40,000,000 for the corresponding period of 1941. Hitherto unexported goods like cheeses, vermouths and champagnes are finding new markets in the United States. Argentina is governed today by decree, due to the refusal of the Radical party to co-operate in legislation after being robbed of the elections in the provinces of Mendoza and Santa Fe. The conservative coalition tried to get Congress closed in January and again in the latter part of April, and its members now talk of the country needing a new constitution along the lines of a corporative state. Hard Hit Economically Economically, Argentina has been hard hit by the war. Wheat, corn, linseed, heaped ton on ton, are unsalable because unshippable to normal markets in Europe. Foreign trade has declined 52.5 per cent. There is one bright light—all cattle offered for sale fetch good prices and all meat packing plants are working full steam. Financially, Argentina cannot use the $110,000,000 that the United States has offered to loan since Congress here has failed to give permission to borrow. The government has agreed to purchase the corn crop at a minimum price and expects to spend at least $37,000,000 doing so. Where the world war is concerned, the Argentine government
Give Will Bradley, who plays for the Cary Clubbers Friday night, a trombone and he will give out with, the snappiest boogie woogie I'hythm known. A few years ago he was just a young trombonist, but today he combines his playing with the leading of a jatz band having a I’olling bass and an 8-to-the-bar style. Before the days of the band, Bradley did every thing.from working with the Dorsey brothers, Jimmie and Tommie, and carrying as many as six radio shows each day. He was the most in demand of all trombone players.'Will gained practical experience while working with the top musicians and playing in several different styles, which has helped him make a quick climb to the top in the dance world. With his topping of the Columbia best-seller list for 9 consecutive weeks. Will has already chalked up, in less than a year, a record that few bands ever approach. Bradley is known for his “Beat Me Daddy,” “Scrub Me Mamma With the Boogie Beat,” and several other boogie woogie rhythm tunes found on all of the juke boxes throughout the country. Ray McKinley, the best all around skin beater in the business^ is the drummer with Bradley. He is a typical slow moving Texan when he sings his blues numbers, but when he picks up the drum sticks his tempo goes up 100 degrees.
American fleet is leading with its chin and inviting Hitler to hit it so that he might be blamed for unleashing open warfare.” The “intentional infringement” began, he said, with elimination of the cash and carry clauses. Offering American shipyards to English warships was another such infringement, he declared, adding that passage of the Lend-Lease Bill was designed only as a springboard for further steps. » Scoffs At Military Effects Opening of the Red Sea to American shipping, he went on, came at
a time when, the Suez Canal was
becoming “more and more the scene of warlike activity.” . The announcement of a neutrality patrol of 200 vessels 1,000 miles into the Atlantic removed “the last remnant of so-called neutrality,*’ Lutzow said. He scoffed, however, at the military effects of this measure. The ocean, he said, “is very large” and only a portion of the 200 ships can be on duty at any one time. Furtermore, he said, “since the failure of promises of help to Yugoslavia, we know well how much value to attach to such pronouncements.” Lutzow indicated that demands for convoys were a logical, subsequent step. England, he said, “has become an air-base for the United States against Europe, not merely against Germany.”
Announcements have been' published by the University of Iowa indicating that Dr. M. 0. gteet, director of the Speech Clinic^of the University, will be one of the featured lecturers during the special Speech Conference to be held there, June 26-28. The theme of the Conference will be “Speech and the National Emergency.” On June 27, Dr. Steer will discuss Speech Re-education and the National Emergency. Dr. Steer is Chairman of the National Defense Committee of the American Speech Correction Association. Other speakers on the program include Dr. W. N. Brigance, head of the department of speech, Wabash college; Dr. Jane D. Zimmerman, Teachers college, Columbia; Dr. Gladys Borchers, University of Wisconsin; and Dr. Elwood Murray, University of Denver, p.s.
Freshmen To Enter WAA Poster Contest
Agricultural Staff Meets Tomorrow At 7:30 P M
All freshmen girls taking the A. D. 51 course are eligible to enter the poster contest being sponsored by WAA. Since all girls are required ±o make a poster for this course, no extra time will be necessary to earn some profit. Every girl may make a poster pertaining to any sport which WAA offers and have her poster judged by Miss Laurentza Schantz-Hansen of the Applied Design department. The prizes are: first, $2.00; second, $1.50; two honorable mentions and two memberships to WAA. p.s.
is rigidly neutral, treating it as a strictly European affair. The Ar-. gentine people, however, are overwhelmingly in favor of the Allies— judging by the number and quality of the newspapers against the Nazi-Fascist combination. Not all, however, are so, for the violently pro-Nazi newspaper, El Pampeio, of Buenos Aires is now reported selling close to 80,000 copies and daily urges alignment with the Axis.
“Methods of Teaching As Observed at Other Institutions” will be the subject discussed, at the fourth meeting of the Agricultural staff to be held tomorrow from 7:30 to 9:00 p. m. in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. Professor F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president of the University, will be the speaker of the evening. Anyone interested in learning what Professor Hockema will have to disclose regarding the methods of teaching is welcome, v.m.b.
Dr. Smith
. . . will be the main speaker at the dinner meeting of the University section of the plant physiologists tonight at 6:16 o’clock in the Home Economics cafeteria.
One consolatio'h to Londoners writing beneath Nazi bombing is that if Gernian bombs continue to puncture London streets, it will no longer be necessary to drive out into the country to play golf.
ATTENTION All Sports Fans!
Because you are so active in sports, it is even more important that you keep your clothes always fresh and clean.
It’s so easy to do this at Crown. Our quality cleaning will earn
you many a winning score.
Orown Laundry
FINJ £AmiER.AOg FfnsSLQJMlS
fijunlmAcuu^!!
In these warm, lazy days, a man’s thoughts turn to yesteryears. Before going back to
the place of your memories, drive in and
let us check your car.
Peter Anderson Company
Phone 4048 24 Hour Service
525 Alabama St After You, We Come First
3,000 Witness... (Continued from page 1)
SPEE
“Little Orphan Boy,” owned by J. H. White, Michigan City, and rid-... den by K. R. Richards; third, “NonPareil,” owned and ridden by Magdala Thomas, Lafayette; fourth, “Champion Days’ Display,” owned and ridden by Wilma Bear, Chicago, 111. Men Ride Horsemanship for Men, (Students Only)—Won by Tomjl Graham, Washington; second, Paul Forsyth, Webster Grove, Mo.; Wayne Brown, Lafayette, third; Jack ' Tirpak, Whiting, fourth. Balloon Contest—Won by Patricia Robinson; Lafayette; Bonnie McPherson, Brooklyn, N. Y., second; Jane Fall, Indianapolis, third; Doric Martin, Mt. Vernon, fourth. Diaper Race—Won by Wilbur Lambuth,-Lafayette; second; Wayne Brown, Lafayette; third, Mike Thomas, Lafayette; fourth, Paul Schuh, Lafayette. Kiddies Ride Junior Horsemanship (16 and under )-^Won by Magdala Thomas, Lafayette; second, Harry Englehart Jr., Gary; third, Hazel Robb, Gary; fourth, Elizabeth Girvin, Lafayette. Musical Chair Contest—^Won by Buck Jones, Purdue; Paul Forsyth, Webster Grove, Mo., second; Frances. Potter, Lafayette, third; Ernest Burnhardt, Purdue, fourth.
. . . will metet in the east faculty Lounge of Union tonight at 7:30. Reports of the group conferences at the Indiana-Illinois section will be made. All staff membefs are invited.
Tbaeles
. . . social sorority, announces the election of Charlotte Braude, president; Doris Freedman, vice presi-’ dent; Lois Kraus, treasurer) Emile Goldberg, rush chairman;-and Shirley Bornstein, recorder.
All-Campus
. . . golf chipping tournament will be continued today, tomorrow, and Thursday. All interested in entering meet on any of these afternoons on -the northwest comer of the intramural field.
ThetaXi
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Leith Watkins, South Orange, New-Jersey.
by Clarence
Officers Elected Sunday At Newman Breakfast Newman Club members elected officers for the coming school year at a breakfast held Sunday morning at St. Mary’s Church. Those receiving executive positions were: president, Robert Brock; men vice presidents, Richard Ball, Robert Runnion, George Singer apd Jim Barr; women vice-presidents, Chan Ball, Mary Walz and Monica Buergler. Secretary for next year will be June Goodman and Charles Clark will handle the funds, r.l.h.
Mudball’s campaign mhil included the following which he read with a frown: hey there mudball why don’t you take time out in your campaigning for exponent editorship and think of me your little wife your actions to date constitute grounds for divorce. —snowball,, the white one.
Copyright 1941, Liaovrr St Mvbrs Tobacco Co.
A
f
IP
■*’ ♦