m
:v
<.
Lamberlmen Trip Wisconsin, 39-31
Purdue Exponent
Z-185
TUESDAY
February 7,1939
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 107
Templeton Makes Debut Here Tonight BiindPiarasiioOiKin Convention Will Open Today
Convocation At 8 p.m. Acclaimed a “true genius” both in England and America, Alec Templeton, blind pianist, will make his initial appearance at tonight’s convocation which will begin at 8 o’clock in the Memorial Gym. He will also give another concert here tomorrow night at a second
convocation.
Freshmen, seniors, and possessors of green passports will be admitted to tonight’s convo, and sophomores, juniors, and those with blue staff cards will be admitted to tomorrow night’s performance. Townspeople with buff season tickets will be allowed entrance at toStudent Union officials announced last night that an open reception would be held in the Union main lounge following tonight’s convocation. Alec Templeton will be the guest of honor, and Union officials invite the public to attend the re-
ception.
morrow evening’s concert. No townspeople season tickets will be accepted tonight, but a limited number of tickets priced at one dollar each will be made available for townspeople at the door of the Gymnasium. Short course students may purchase tickets for 50 cents by presenting their registration cards. Students, staff members, and townspeople who wish to make an exchange of nights may do so at Prof. J. T. Gunn’s office or at the History office. Templeton, a native of Wales, came to America as a guest artist (Continued on page 4) Seniors To Hear Employment Talk Speaking at the first in a series of four employment lectures today at 4 p. m. in the EE lecture room, J. E. Walters, director of personnel, and Miss Ruth Houghton, in charge of placement for women, will talk on “How to Choose The Right Companies and Develop Contacts.” Questions that will be answered are: What factors should a senior^ consider in deciding the type of work for which he is fitted ? Where should he look for companies employing persons with his training? Where does he get the names of men in charge of employment ? How should he approach a company in order to get a job? The meeting is open to seniors in all schools according to the personnel service. Free Pass For Front Will Go To Designer Of Best Decorations - - “Prom committee’s bargain^ of one pass to Prom for the best decoration suggestions for the ballroom still holds this year according to an announcement made last night "by Committeeman Hruby. Plans must be submitted to him by March 1 and must include full construction specifications. Total cost of the project must not exceed
:$200.
Dickinson Leads Scoring To Skin Invading Badgers While “Poppy” and “Mommy” Anderson looked on as “Sonny Boy” Anderson passed and scored a bunch of Badgers silly in the Fieldhouse goalry last night, a contingent of Boilermaker netmen trampled Wisconsin’s loose-playing combination by a
score of 39 to 31.
Wisconsin drew first blood. With only 30 seconds of the game under way. Badger forward Smith slid under the basket for a crip, which was followed by Dupee’s, Beretta’s, Fisher’s and Anderson’s charity tosses. Igney’s sleeper from the side and Beretta’s second free throw moved the hosts into the lead.
Templeton...
To Play For Convo (See Column 1)
Rush Will End Friday With Formal Pledging Several pledge ribbons, indicating informal pledging, can be seen on the campus today as a result of second semester co-ed rush which began last Sunday noon. Although no special parties are being given, most of the sororities are entertaining rushees at luncheons and dinners throughout the week. Formal pledging will be held Friday afternoon, and until then open rush may proceed. Later this week the completed lists will be printed.
Over 700 To Gather For Two-Day Session “Fundamentals and Fun Balanced in a Manner You’ll Like” according to the program are for Indiana canners and fieldmen when they hold their twelfth annual conference on the campus today and tomorrow. Sponsored by the University and the Indiana Canners’ Association, the conference drew a total attendance of over 700 last year Some of the speakers who will be heard on the different aspects of the canning industry, and tomato ' canning in particular, the chief product of this state in canning, are Dr. R. M. Caldwell, head of the botany department, reporting on the progress of tomato disease resistant investigations; Dr. V. R. Gardner, director of Michigan State Agricultural College, talking about the fieldmen’s job; Prof. H. F. Wilson, of Wisconsin, and Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department, speaking on insect pests; and Fred Geise, of the American Can Company, and E. R. Lancashire, of the Continental Can Company, telling about new development in beets, peas, and beans. Today’s program will be devoted in general to canner’s, with a dinner in the Union ballroom in the evening. Raw products will occupy the conferees’ attention tomorrow morning; general subjects at the one o’clock session in Fowler Hall; tomatoes, at 2:30 in Fowler Hall; and at the same time a miscellaneous canning crop section will be held in the faculty lounge of the Union.
M. D. Pixnie...
MeideJiL
Chinese Greek To Us
By Chico Being a newspaper man I naturally have a soft spot in my heart for all newspaper men but I really have to take my hat off to the boys who put out the San Min morning
paper.
I thought I had a hard job until a copy of the San Min popped up in the Exponent exchanges. At first I couldn’t make heads or tails of it, but with the aid of our Chinese liason man, L. M. Kung, I managed to get an idea that a member of the staff of Chinese paper has no bed of roses. Reading from top to bottom, and from right to left, we found out that the paper carried about the same news as our American papers. Reducing Roosevelt to three cryptics symbols the paper stated that the British refused to comment upbn his
recent stand on foreign policy. While the paper is printed on a modern press similar to those used by American papers, the type is all hand set. To further complicate matters there are innumerable characters in the Chinese language compared to some seventy or eighty required to print an American news-
paper.
The cost of a yearly subscription to the San Min, an eight page paper, is $11.00 a year compared to the average cost of several dollars for a yearly subscription to an American newspaper, which would average about forty pages. All in all, I think the boys who have to put the Chinese papers out deserve the cake. It may be simple to them but it sure is Chinese to me.
Will Explain Sanctuary (See Column 6) Co-eds Sign Kassel For Pan-Hellenic Art Kassel and his “Kassels in the Air” orchestra will furnish the music for the Women’s Pan-Hellenic dance to be held February 24 in the Union ballroom. One of the favorite college bands in the country. Art Kassel has played at many of the important collegiate functions at large schools from coast to coast. He is master of the art of playing the clarinet, which is the featured instrument of his orchestra. He has played lengthy engagements at the Congress, Bismarck, and Morrison Hotels in Chicago, as well as many other important hotels in all sections of, the
country.
According to Grace Reinhart, chairman of the dance, the tickets, which are $2.00, will go on sale at 4 o’clock today at all sorority houses. Only organized girls and their dates may attend. THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair, colder today. Tomorrow snow, much colder.
(^JwioL
By Bruce Witwer
The first few minutes of play last night reminded us of a happy afternoon in a bird sanctuary with all of the whistling going on, calling fouls . . . then the locale shifted to the Ag cow barns at half time as the spect£^J;ors greeted Arch Ward of the Chicago Trubune. —^fc— Igney sunk long shots at opportune times for Purdue ... he broke the 3-3 tie in the early minutes to put the Boilermakers in the lead 5-3, which they never relinquished .. in the second half after the Badgers had made five straight baskets and the fans began to get panicky, he looped another one which seemingly broke their spirit as they didn’t make any of their next 10 shots. —^fc— The game, band, cheer-leaders, and the new public address system all combined to furnish a heartening reopener for the season ... so we rise from a tie for eighth place to fifth place in one game . . . having played so many games less than the other Big Ten teams it’ll be easy to steal a jump on them and crawl right up to the top . . . just so we keep on winning.
It was “Anderson Night” last night. Not only did Captain Gene throw the ball over and past the visitors’ anatomy, but the lanky Purdue center had a backing of 100 delegates from Franklin, Ind., Andy’s home town. Riveters Carry Game From there on, the Boilermakers were not headed. Anderson and Beretta moved the Purdue score up to 16 before the fast wearing visitors scored a free throw. The half ended in the Boilermaker’s favor, 22 to 11. Starting the second half with Fisher, Igney, Anderson, Beretta, and Dickinson, the Engineers moved their machine forward to the Badgers’ discomfort. At mid-way, Purdue led 31 to 23. Smith and Englund figured in a potential rally for the Red and White which pulled their score up to 27 points. With seven minutes remaining in the game, the Riveters stalled and held the losers to four points. Weigandt made a crip shot for the final goal of the game. Smith Leads Invaders Anderson and Beretta prompted the defensive and offensive play (Continued on page 3) Students To Undergo Final Physical Exam
Enrollment For New Before Air Irainiim
Semester Upholds Annual Increase
Professor F. C. Hockema, acting president announced yesterday that enrollment in the University for the second semester totaled 6,256, with 200 or 300 more expected to register. This figure is 23.2 per cent above that of two years ago, and 10.5 per cent above that of last year. Since last semester, in which 6,778 registered, approximately 522 students have either dropped out or transferred. However, statistics show that the enrollment of the University is very steadily- increasing from year to year. Record breaking registration figures are being repeatedly increased, and the new buildings that are now being built on the campus will prm«de ample room for those who will aid in establishing a new record for next year.
— 670 Tour Residence Halls
Students Agree With John Q. Public During Open House Sunday
By Joe Belden Editor (Student Opinion Surveys America) Austin, Tex., February 7.—^That the average American student’s trend of thoughts runs parallel to public opinion in at least one way is shown by a comparison of polls taken by the American Institute of Public Opinion and the Student Opinion Surveys of America. “ At the same time the Surveys have received their first test of accuracy. During the period from December to January President Rooseevlt’s popularity increased, both scientific sampling organizations show, and their figure Qome within two-tenths of one per cent of each other. Increases shown by the polls are: American Institute .... 2.6 per cent Student Surveys 2.7 per cent
The rise in the P;-esident’s popularity, Dr. George Gallup explains, is due to his activities in world affairs during the time rather than more controversial domestic matters. Students have been found in favor of the President more than the general public. The comparison throws some light upon the accuracy of the Student Opinion Surveys organized in December with the Exponent as one of the cooperating college newspapers. Another check on the Surveys was made when two polls were taken on different months, using different groups of students, with the same question, “Would you like to see Roosevelt run for third term?” The results: December, yes 27.2 per cent January, yes 28.2 per cent
Although the closeness of the figures does not constitute a test of the cross-section of students being used, it does point out that the size of the sample being interviewed has apparently reached “stability,” or is large enough. Nearly three thousand students of all geographical sections, economic levels,, ages, and. other classifications, are personally interviewed for each poll, thus representing the opinions of the 1,300,000 American collegians. The Fortune poll, which predicted Roosevelt’s re-election with almost perfect accuracy, finds it possible to interview only 4,500 persons with similar scientific methods to find the opinions of 76,000,000 adults.
Six hundred and seventy guests inspected the Residence Halls at the WRH open house Sunday, Febru-
ary 5, from 3 to 6 p. m.
The tables in the dining rooms were decorated with large crystal bowls filled with yellow daffodils. French chocolate, coffee, and cookies were served. Eleanor Miller of the North Hall and Mary Ann Carpenter from the South Hall were chair-
men of the open house.
Mrs. Etta Martin...
... of Bristol, died Saturday afternoon and funeral services were held yesterday according to woxd received here yesterday. Mrs. Martin was the mother of Miss Meta Martin, member of the University extension home economics staff, and grandmother of Miss J. Martin, HE ’40.
Dr. Washburn of the department of commerce is on the campus to conduct, starting today, the final physical examinations required by the Civil Aeronautical Authorities before students can begin flight ti*aining. Students should make appointments for the examination in the mechanical engineering office. The requirement of additional information has delayed the approval of the list of applicants submitted to the department of commerce. Dr. M. D. Plrnle... ... of East Lansing, Michigan, will deliver an illustrated lecture on the Kellogg Bird Sanctuary in the auditorium of the Horticulture Building at 7:30 this evening. Dr. Ptmie, who is director of the sanctuary and professor of zoology at Mchigan State College is being brought to the campus by the Forestry Club. The Forestry Club extends a cordial invitation to all who are interested to attend. Today's Calendar 9:00 a. m.—Canners’ conference^ faculty lounge, Union. 6:00 p. m.—Canners* dinner meeting, recetion room, Unirni. 6:30 p. m.—^Allied Mills banquet. Union ballroom. 7:00 p. m.—Camera Club, Union tower room. ^ 7:00 p. m.—Forestry Club meeting, 117 Horticulture Building. 7:30 p. m.—Student Senate, room A, Union. 7:30 p. m.—-Ceres Club, room B, Un-
ion.
7:30 p. m.—Christian Science, room C, Union. 7 ;30 p. m.—^Undergraduate Dames’ Club, room F, Union. 7 ;30 p. m.—Graduate Dames valentine party, faculty lounge of the Union. f 8:00 p. m.—Convocation, Alec /Templeton. pianist. Memorial Gymnasium. -9:00 p. m.—Forestry Club Smt^Der, rooms 1 and % Unioii.£dMaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
3>JtcdMJUlA,
Tuesday, February 7,1939
Fratemity Presidents... . . . will meet again tonight for dinner at the Acacia house. Before the meeting we are taking this opportunity to remind the Council members that after tonight they will have only three more regular meetings this year under the present set-up of that organization. At the last meeting, held a month ago, the Council decided to undertake two jobs—organization of a cooperative buying venture and a cooperative auditing system for the fraternities. The members were quite right in deciding that these two problems offered a fertile field for valuable work. We wonder, however, just how the Council, operating under its present dinner club habits, can take care of Fraternity Week and these two problems all in the course of three meetings. We realize that the fraternities can get along pretty well even if the Council doesn’t get these things done—they actually have been doing without the benefits of a lively and ambitious Council for years. What we can’t see is how fraternity presidents can sit idly by and see problems which vitally concern every one of them grossly neglected year after year. In every chapter house there are men who have no outside activity. They are not all completely lazy or distinterested—^why not let them make fraternity welfare their activity? Cordially Speaking... We were, in a way, glad to see W. S.’s letter about co-eds published Saturday morning, for it crystallized something we’d heard a good bit about; but we were even gladder to see an ed’s answer to it in Sunday’s Exponent before we had this chance to answer. Whether or not Purdue co-eds are beautiful we are unable to decide—^we’re prejudiced. From what we have heard from some of the eds who have seen them, beautiful co-eds are not a larger percentage of the co-ed population at lU, Northwestern, Illinois, or other large schools than they are here. It would seem unlikely by the law of averages that with 1,200 co-eds here the number of goodlooking girls could be much smaller than that in any other group of comparable size. But whether it is or not we won’t decide. What we want to say is that Purdue co-eds do “get around” among Purdue eds, that coeds do attend dances, mixers, and shows in company with male students—yes, even with the most interesting, good-looking, and attractive. It has been said that beauty is only skin deep; whether or no—^perhaps beauty is not the only thing one wants on a date; perhaps the most beautiful girl, but one who can’t talk, knows nothing, is not a satisfactory date. Purdue co-eds take an interest in what’s going on—^Purdue co-eds in addition to wearing good-looking clothes and being able to
the Purdu# Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1992. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail subscription 88.60. Editor-In-Chief. H. 1. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor L. S. Hardin City Editor — D. A. Bailey Associate Editors G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. 6. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Bnriness Blanager. .Jf. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager. . .. E. M. Ahtonini Circulation Manager .„W. F. Berg Sales Manager .V. Dan^erty National Advertising Manager. JB. W. Nevin Accounts Manager „ W. E. w^th Art Director. D. f. Henninker CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors a Joy Johnson. Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard • SPORTS STAFF Editor A. L. McDonald Associate Editors i. J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFIC9I 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. • Phone 2792 IIEPnXSCNTSD FOR NATIONAL. ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College fubhthers Representattve 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHicAso * Boston Los arsslbs - San rRAHcisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AS opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student winions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official Unlversity viewpoint. Ail unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-dilef.
Tuesday, February 7, 1939 Night Editor—Insley Issue Editor—Heiple
dance, if they can’t shag, can sometimes understand engineering—even study it—can talk about current economics, Thomas Mann, or pharmaceutical chemistry. Mr. W. S., we hate to think of a Purdue ed as unpleasant and egotistically morose as you. Perhaps we know you, although we can’t think of any ed whom we do know being capable of what you wrote. Are Purdue eds so handsomely Nordic, Grecian, or Roman? We think not. In fact we have at times thought unpleasantly of their beards, their sweat shirts, their manners; but underneath we’ve found them friendly, intelligent, helpful, and appreciative. We hope that if there are any co-eds who fill W. S.’s bill for attitude that they have read his letter and will mend their ways; thus his letter will have done good where evil seems to have been meant.—S. McK.
to the Editor
inite step in that direction. R. W. Smith, Ag '39.
To the Editor: This last Saturday an interesting exhibit was on display on the Purdue Agriculture campus. It was a complete, workable, efficient and practical soil laboratory on wheels, a laboratory housed in an auto-trail-er, equipped for the determination of the amounts of available plant food and the acidity of any soil. This new departure in scientific agriculture has been operated with eminent success in many states by a reliable chemical company to enable its agents to make accurate recommendations to the farmers concerning the needs of their soils and the correct fertilizers to apply. Indiana farmers are intensely interested in the condition of their soils as regards fertility and acidity as is amply evidenced by the number of soil samples sent in by them annually to the Agronomy department of the Agricultural Experiment Station to supply and disseminate such information. In my opinion, the mobile-labor-atory is the answer to the problem of carrying accurate and useful scientific information directly to the fanner. A trained technician, equipped with a soils laboratory that is placed on wheels, could go right to the farm, test the soils, and make recommendations to the farmer for the management of his soils. Visual evidence and information is naturally more convincing and more readily acceptable by the farmer. The deserving, tax-paying, far-mer-citizens of the state could be saved untold amounts of all too scarce cash by correct fertilizer utilization and they could be instructed best in such practices if Purdue would maintain and operate a mobile soils laboratory. If the Purdue Agricultural Experiment Station and Extension Service are to maintain their progressiveness, purchase and operation of a mobile aoils-laboratory would be a def-
LUHA TODAY-WEDNiSDAY
Out 0! A Breat Book ,.. comBS a ihrillinff dmMCtiic mofiort pictmef
— PLUS — LAUGH...at two modem kids monospe their Mam's ramance!^
fnimmtmjmai WaNerildgeeMiHiWAStMIvfMiMM
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
-A Ciarenc
NORWA Eriiilff'li! sllll
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.45 and Skis J. SPERB 822 Main
At last the Army’s efficiency has caught up with a few of the boys. We notice that some of last semester’s Generals are down among the Shavetails. Former Lieutenant Colonel Novak may now be addressed as Lieutenant.
The bars of formality seem to have dropped between semesters. Radio dances were quite in vogue. It’s a good thing the ATO’s have large closets—as far as the Delts are concerned, they don’t have to worry, their back door is always unlocked.
Did you take a stroll around the Residence Halls Sunday afternoon? While we were there we noticed the usual bunch of inquisitive Eds wandering in and out of the rooms. It was very touching to see the way MYRA McKEE placed JIM OGDEN’S SAE pin on his picture. Speaking of pictures we wonder if that portrait of Sigma Chi pledge BRUCE YATES had any significance on MARILOU WALLACE’S dresser. MARIANNE NICHOLS and BETTY COVER have forsaken “Advice to the Lovelorn Column” and now rely upon the Ouija board. This little affair between JACK SMALLEY and Chi O VICTORIA MILEA bears watching. Since Jack made his trip to Cleveland during Christmas holidays, they have been seen quite a bit together. As usual the East side was well inhabited the other night, JANICE YEOMAN and BUD HUGHEL were seen affectionately keeping each other’s hands warm under the table. BUTCH RENTSCHLER was seen drowning his sorrows since his father plans to put him to work this semester rather than send him back to school.
LiaieI
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE Whaff
sea'
lee
IgWcVeii
the
FIRST RUN PLUS "THE LONG SHOT" with Gordon Jones - Marsha Hunt
Personality . . .
Yes, a business has personality too. It usually reflects the tastes of the ownership. Have a pleasing personality, use clean linen furnished by us. WHY BUY—WE SUPPLY ON A RENTAL BASIS
“Well, I declare—^I wouldn’t have recognized you, Mrs. Truffle, if I hadn’t seen my umbrella first!”
ASCE Will Present FHA Movies Tonight The local chapter of the ASCE will present movies of the Federal Housing Administration’s low cost project in Fort Wayne at 7:30 Tuesday evening in the lecture room of the Civil Engineering Building. J. Stanley Young, associate architect, will explain the phases of the project. A cordial invitation is extended by thte ASCE to all interested persons. Final arrangements concerning the trip to Indianapolis Saturday, February 11, will be presented and discussed. All interested in the trip should be present and sign up. The transportation will be provided.
Delayed Naval Films Will Be Shown Today Naval Aviation films scheduled for yesterday afternoon were delayed by an automobile accident but are now in town and will be shown at 4 p. m. today in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. According to Prof. K. D. Wood, seniors interested in naval air training should report to the naval physician at the Student Health Service any time this morning.
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
ADORED BY EVERY MAN... 'ENVIED BY EVERY WOMAN!
ARC
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
■ and —
ALSO ’THE SPIDER’S WEB’ SERIAL
HOTEL FOWLER The Tops In Hotel Stops BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE BOTH AIR CONDITIONED
For Economy The Lahr Hotel
A MENU NECESSITY Fall and winter menus ore not complete without good meats Try our delicious meats and you too will soy they cannot be beat. CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. Srd St.
Phone 5372/
Tuesday^ Febraozy 7,1999
THE FUBDHE
.EXPC»«ENT
Cinema Cues
By Betty Wickard Show: Idiot’s Delight. Where: Lafayette. When: February 5-8. “Idiot’s Delight” in the original version referred to war, but to the people who have seen the play on the stage, “Idiot’s Delight” must have consisted of making hash of a Pulitzer prize winning play. The original play was a bitter satire against war, written by Sherwood Anderson and effectively interpreted by Alfred Lunt and Lynn Fontaine. Clark Gable, who takes Xiunt’s place in the play is not the same of course, but he infuses a great deal of charm into the role. The scenes in which Gable makes good his portrayal of a song and dance man are high spots of the entire show. Miss Shearer’s portrayal of Irene the little vaudeville trouper who plays at being an exotic Russian countess, does not compare with Lynn Fontanne’s version. Perhaps this is because the audience never sees Miss Fontanne as the trapeze artist in the play, but only as the countess, but even taking this handicap into consideration. Miss Shearer ruined her role by overplaying it. Miss Fontanne was exotic and interesting but Miss Shearer is just silly. We would have liked to have seen more of Burgess Meredith as the pacifist crusader, and also more of the doctor. “Les blondes” were charming and the views of the airport, though they must have been faked, were awe inspiring. “Idiot’s Delight” is cneap and even tawdry, but that is because the author chose that type of people. It does arouse the emotions, whether of dislike or approval.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
Riveters Beaten In Wrestling Match By Chicago
Boilermaker Thinlies Launch Indoor Dual Rising To Show Golf Maroons Outpoint Purdue Matmen, 14-12; Track Season Tomorrow In Fieldhouse PitiuresTomorrow Berkheiser, Post, Willey, Aronson Win
A Boilermaker indoor track squad will launch its dual meet season here tomorrow night as it matches strides with Butler in a rapid-fire program of events scheduled to get under way at 7:30 o’clock in the Fieldhouse.
Although the Bulldogs will invade the Fieldhouse with a well-balanced squad, the Boilermakers, by virtue of their strength in the middle distance and distance runs, will be favored to launch the season with a victory. Point-Getters Among the Riveters’ main point hopes will be Capt. Art Bodeau, who finished fourth in the half-mile in the Millrose Games Saturday night, and Steve Gutting, veteran high hurdler, who made a notable showing on the unfamiliar boards in the same games despite the fact he failed to place. Running in the preliminary heats. Gutting-was timed in 7.4 seconds for the 60 yeard high hurdles as he finished a step behind Staley, of California, who broke the world’s record with 7.3 seconds. The Boilermaker timber-topper followed by narrowly missnig qualifying for the final heat when he finished third in the semi-final. Other Boilermaker point possibilities will be Alden Knapp, veteran distance runner, and Ed Holderman, promising sophomore. Holderman and Bodeau, running third and fourth in the two-relay combination in the Millrose Games, picked up tremendous yardage after the Boilermakers had fallen in the ruck in the early stages of the race. More Point-Getters Eric Wadleigh, veteran broad jumper, is expected to double in the dashes, while Coach Hermon Phil-
EAT HERE for Pleasure Eating here is truly enjoyable. Here you may enjoy your favorite dishes and acquaint yourself with new ones. Prices are remarkably low for such values.
JhsL fiwviusL TybumhioL Union. ) The Corner of the Campus— • Yet the Center of Activities
lips is depending on a trio of sophomores for points in other events, including Hibbs in the pole vault; Weber and Kessler in the shjjtput, and Menke in the high jump. Alumni Association Honors Kizer With Informal Banquet Honoring Noble Kizer, an informal dinner was held in the Union faculty lounge last night preceding the game, with one hundred alumni and faculty in attendance. Burr Swezey, president of the Alumni association, was in charge of the program which was sponsored by the alumni association and Frank C. Hockema, acting president and David E. Ross, chairman of the board of trustees, gave short talks. Book Mart Closes; Students Must Get Refunds By 5 Today As the Student Book Exchange ended its third Semester of operation total sales approximated $3,400 worth of books. It was announced by Sully Mason. Everyone who has registered books at the Exchange must call at the reception room in the lower hall of the Union for their books or money immediately. The Exchange will be open between 10 a. m. and 5 p. m. today. Sports Staff Meeting A sports staff meeting for all freshmen, sophomores, and juniors will be held in room D of the Union, Tuesday at 7:30. Bring schedules. —McDonald.
“Golfing With the Masters,” a three reel film showing the arts and techniques of present day golf artists, will be shown in the Michael Golden Shops lecture room tomorrow night at 7:30. Professor Justis Rising will be in charge of the presentation, which is sponsored by the Athletic Department. This picture is the first in the golf education series to be presented throughout the spring, and is a part of the recreation education program fostered by the division of physical education. The pictures present-the finer points of golfing, as demonstrated by some of the outstanding golfers of the past season, in such a way that they are descriptive and instructive as well as interesting. Lambertmen Trip(Continued from page 1) throughout the game for the Boilermakers. Smith furnished the extra spark for the invading team. Dickinson led the scoring for the Riveters with two goals and five free throws, and Igney and Anderson scored eight points each. Smith the Wisconsin forward ace, whiffed the draperies for five goals and one free shot. Purdue (39) FG FT P Igney, f 2 2 1 Fisher, f 2 12 Anderson, c 3 2 2 Beretta, g 17 1 Yeager, g 0 0 3 Hutt, f 0 0 0 Weber, f 1 0 0 Dickinson, g 2 5 1
Boilermaker wrestlers came to within two points of gamering their first conference win since the reinstatement of the mat sport when they were the victims of a 14-12 defeat at the hands of the Maroon grapplers yesterday afternoon in the Fieldhouse. This was the third straight triumph for Chicago over the Boilermakers in two years and the Maroons’ fifth victory in seven matches this season.
Berkheiser opened the meet with a 14-6 decision over his Chicago opponent in the 121 pound class, but the next three matches went to the Maroons as Parmalee edged out Allman 7-6 in the 128 pound class and W. Thomas and Loe followed with wins over Dix and Papurca, respectively, in the next two weights. The Maroons led at that time 9-3. Their only other win was a fall victory by the veteran Valorz over Gossard. Willey Wins In the 155 pound class Willey won his third in a row for the Boilermakers, Post outclassed Littleford, and Aronson defeated Brovra for the remaining nine points for the Gold and Black. The summary: 121 pounds—^Berkheiser (P) defeated Young (C), 14-5. 128 pounds—Parmalee (C) defeated Allman (P), 7-5. 136 pounds—W. Thomas (C) defeated Dix (P), 10-1. 145 pounds—Loeb (C) defeated Papurca (P), 14-2. 155 pounds—Willey (P) defeated C. Thomas (C), 8-6. 165 pounds—Post (P) defeated Littleford (C), 10-1. 175 pounds—Valorz (C) won by a fall over Gossard (P); time, six minutes, 20 seconds. Heavyweight—Aronson (P) defeated Brown (C), 6-2.
Totals Wisconsin (31) Dupee, f Schwartz, f Smith, f Anderson, f Bell, c Englund, c Weigandt, g Strain, g . . .. Gallagher, g
.11 17 FG* FT .... 2*1 0 0
5 0 ... 1 2 .... 1 ... 1 .. . 0
Totals 12
10 P 3 l' 3 2 0 1 3 3 0 16
Big Ten w Indiana . ... 4 Illinois 5 Minnesota . 5 Ohio State.... 5 PURDUE . 2 N’western .... 2 Michigan 2 Wisconsin . 2 Iowa 2 Chicago 1
Standings
Pet Pts .800 201 .715 250 .715 238 .715 276 .500 151 .400 144 .333 195 .333 172 .286 214 .167 160
OP 162 208 201 248 143 166 211 216 232, 214
See VON ROY DAUGHERTY
218 Waldron Phone 2390 DISTRIBUTOR AT PURDUE
Ohio State Bows To Indiana Squad, 46-34 BLOOMINGTON, Ind., Feb. 6— (Special)—Indiana University’s up and coming title bound Hoosiers stepped into the first place position in the Big Ten basketball race last night with a brilliant 46 to 34 win over the Ohio State netters, the team which gave the Crimson their sole defeat of the season. Before a capacity crowd the Indiana team turned on the heat at the very start of the game and led 23 to 12 at the intermission. Holding their lead in the second half Indiana led 35 to 20 with ten minutes of time remaining and successfully stalled the remainder of the game. Huffman and Andres for Indiana each with five baskets led the winners in scoring while Jimmy Hull, Big Ten leading scorer totaled 14 points on five baskets and four free tosses. Illinois 34, Iowa 26 CHAMPAIGN, 111., Feb. 6—(Special)—The Fighting Illini, pla3ring without the services of two regulars Captain Nesbit, out due to ineligibility, and forward Bill Hapac, who was in the hospital with a high fever, defeated Iowa’s Hawkeyes, 34 to 26, tonight. The win gave the Illini second place in the Big Ten standings. Illinois led at the half 22 to 13 and never let up in the second half coasting to a rather easy victory. Ben Stephens led the Hawkeyes with 11 points, four baskets and a trio of free throws. Pick Dehner had another big night and scored 17 points on five baskets and seven charity tosses. Intramural Schedule ^ I Court 1—Swing, Juillard. 7:00—Short Course. 7 :16—Short Course. 8 :26—Kappa Sigma vs. Theta Chi. In finals. 8:40—Ward 12X vs. Ward 4. ^ Court 2—Witsman. 7 :00—Short Course. 7 :15—Shoit Course. 8 :25—Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Delta Theta. Play-off for finals. 8:40—Cary Hall 7 vs. Ward lOX. Court 3—Goldstein. 7:00—Short Course. 7:16—Short Course. 8:26—Kappa Delta Kho vs. Beta Theta Pi. In finals. 8:40—^Ward vs. Ward 12. Court 4—Smithson. 7:00—Short Course. 7:16—Short Course. 8:26—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. l.amhda Chi Alpha. In finals. 8:40—Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 5.
As fast as C
rrow
Is the service giv6n by Lafayette Street Railway. Its reasonable rates plus dependable service to everyone for 5c. Ride the Street Railway today and every day. Fare 5c with free transfers.
UFAYETTE STREET RAILWAYV--Jv
3baaidL CUbL
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
^nfiroA.
Tuesday, February 7,1939
Templeton Makes(Continued from page 1)
with Jack Hylton and his orchestra. Hylton and his organization have long since returned to Europe, but Templeton stayed in the States and has given numerous recitals and concerts since. He has given recitals in Orchestra Hall, Chicago; Town Hall, New York; and Carnegie Hall, New York. He has also been soloist with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, had three engagements with the Detroit Symphony Orchestra, been featured soloist at the Chicagoland Music Festival in 1938, Summer Copcert Series, Grant Park, Chicago, and has been a guest artist on many radio programs. Templeton will devote the first part of his recital tonight to selections by Bach, Mozart,, Beethoven, and other masters. Following an intermission he will play musical impressions of his own. The program is as follows: 1 Prelude and Fugue, C. Sharp Major......— Bach Rondo, B Flat ..Mozart II Sonata, C Sharp Minor (Moonlight) Beethoven Adagio Sostenuto Allegretto Presto Agitato III Nocturne, G Major..... .....Chopin La Comparsa -.... Lecuona Minuet in G... .....;.Ravel Toccata, C Sharp Minor. ....Debussy INTERMISSION IV Lavender Blue Improvisations Musical Impressions Toccata Alex Templeton
MISCELLANEOUS
ROOMS FOR RENT POr rent —Large single room. All conveniences. No other roomers. Phone 41842.
FOR RENT—Double front room. Single beds. Men students. 127 Waldron St.
SINGLE ROOM with board. 428 N. Grant Across from shops. Mrs. Kepner.
FOR RENT—‘Double room with single beds. Boys only. 126 Andrews Place.
FOR RENT—For two men students or instructors, 'well-fumished room. Across from Union. The center of activities ! 401 State St., corner of Grant.
Scrivener: Meeting Thursday, February 9, at 7 :30 p. m. at 125 W. Lutz Ave. Election of secretary. Bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN.
Undergraduate Dames: There will be a business meeting at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, February 7, in room F of the Union. AH members are urged to be present. —BEUOY.
Freshmen Fencers: Report to Gym Tuesday, February 7, at 4 p. m. —STEPATH.
PA Systems; Bids are being considered for systems to be used at PIA tea dances. See me at PIA office after 4:30 for conditions. No bids accepted after Thursday, February 9, 6:30 p. m. —FOWLER.
Debris Sales Staff: Meeting at 4 p. m. Tuesday, February 7, in the Debris office. —EDWARDS.
PEW 53: The three o’clock freshman physical education class will meet Tuesday, February 7, in the Home Economics Auditorium. —HAZELTON.
English Department Students; Make-up examination in English will be given in room 101 of the Education Building on March 18 at 1 o’clock. —CREEK.
English Department Students: Department of English is to have tutoring classes for those students who received C's because of theme writing. Students vvith such conditions will please report to room 109 University Hall on Friday, February^ 10, at 6 p. m. to arrange schedule. —SCHMIDT, LOWE.
Union Sophomores: Will the following members of our committees please meet in the. Workshop at 4 p. m. Tuesday, February 7: Brooks, Dreisbach, Ellsworth, Sheets, Tilt, Venable, Wells, Richey, Kilgore, Dunham. —BRUBBCK, ASHTON, DEMARS.
WAA Members: Mass meeting Thursday, February 9, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Basketball demonstration by “Dutch” Fehjrin*. AU WAA" members ' are urged to attend. —REIMANN.
Purdue Engineer Business Staff: Meeting postponed until Wednesday, February 8, at 4 p. m. in the office. Call me if you can,not come. —BEHRENDS. Society of Automotive Engineers: Meeting Friday, February XO, in room 8, Mechanical Building, at 4 p, m. Election of officers. f \ —LUTHER. PIA Members: All interested in working on tea dance committee meet at PIA office at 4:16 p. m. Wednesday, February 8. —FOWLER,
Student Senate: Meeting will be held Thursday, February 9, at 7:30 p. m. in the reception room. Newly elects freshmen senators are to attend. —ELLIOTT.
ning group starting at the same time. —CASE.
Gimlet: Important meeting Wednesday, February 8, at. 7:80 p. m. in the Union Building. ’ _ —SWAN.
Tau Beta Pi: Business meeting Wednesday, February 8, at 7 ;80 p. m. in the Union Building. —SMITH.
ASCE; All members* interested in attending the annual meeting of the Indiana Engineering Council at Indianapolis Saturday, February 11, please contact me at once. Transporation will be provided, and we will return iii time for the basketball game that evening. —AHRENS.
Fraternity Presidents: Dinner meeting of the Fraternity Presidents Council Tuesday, February 7, at 6:80 p. m. at the Acacia House. Please notice the advance in time due to convocation. Full attendance is urged. —DEAN.
Johnson, Betty Spears, Janet McDougall, Margorie Hoover, Martha Schroder, Mary Olymer. Seniors, Mary Helen Miller, Flora Holt, Martha Whitehead, Pauline Swick,
Doris Peterson, Amy Perry, Janet Shaffer, Ruth Wiley, Katherine Merritt, Virginia Blank, Elizabeth Maier. —SWICK.
Christian Science Organization: Special meeting, due to convocation, will be held Tuesday, February 7, at 7 p. m. in room C of the Union. —MACK.
Activity Bureau''Sophomores: Please report to the office Tuesday, February 7, at 4 o’clock. Important. —JACOBSON.
Debris Photo Staff: Meeting Tuesday, February 7, at 4 p. m. in room B of the Union. Important. —DYER, WRAY.
Freshman Track: All tresnman track men report immediately to me for assignments. (2-8) —WILKENING. PE Students: All PE students taking Education 18 should see the secretary in room 110 in the Fieldhouse and leave with her their free hours for student teaching. (2-8) —E^StWOOD.
WAA Ping Pong Tournament: Will be continued now that finals are over. The first round must be finished by Wednesday, February 8. The schedule is posted inside the gym. —SCHILLING.
Purdue Engineer Business Stafl: Meet in the office at 4 p. m. Tuesday, February 7.Your attendance will indicate your interest in the magazine. —BEHRENDS.
Camera Club: Important business meeting Tuesday, February 7, at 7 :30 in tower room of Union. All members are requested to be present. —OBLINGER. WAA Fencing: Will meet Tuesday, February 7 at 4 o’clock. There will be a begln-
PEW 59: Rehearsal for demonstration Thursday, February 9, at 7 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Compulsory attendance. —FISHLElGH.
WAA Fencing: Fencing is scheduled for every Monday and Friday afternoons. (2-8) —FRASER.
Ceres: Important meeting 7 p. m. Tuesday, February 7, Room B, Union. Meeting will be over in time for Convocation. —SEUFFERLE. WAA Volley Ball: Teams were chosen Friday, February 3. Members of the teams are as follows; Freshman, Martha Kennedy, Lucy Judge, Carolyn Smith, Joan Modisett, Katherine Ade, Mary Smith, Bonnie Cox, Frances Jones, Dorothy Housekeeper, Esther Kkkhoff, Eleanor Harrison. Sophomores, Betty Smith, Katherine Himes, Dorothy Holden, Janet Greger, Eileen Westover, Lois Heiser, Marie Butz, Ruth Swift, J'une Spry, Jane Stickler. Juniors, Jane Herschman, Leora Mermelstein, Marietta
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines 'as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebersboff, 606
The smartest Dressers in Purdue wear Crown Gleaned Clothes! HAVE YOUR CLOTHES CROWN CLEANED REGULARLY ©newta hmmH F I N E C L E A'N E R S O F FINE C L O T H *E S OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores .
• jewelers
"DEAC"
R. C. EISENBACH
Everything for e College, Education
Jeweler and Optometrist
H. G. REISNER
504 Main St.
• Locksmith
• Shoe Repair
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENBNG Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
• Printing
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ac':essorles and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phona 2828
s«v,S f^RlNTING Oiflc* SUtlonery, P 1 Wedding InvIUHon* FHONE ® “» * 2628 CASSEL’S 408 FERRY
• Professional
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119V4 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
You’ll enjoy these three stars in "WINGS OF THE NAVY" A Cosmopolitan production released by Warner Bros, coming soon to your local theatre.
. . . and millions of people before and after the show are getting more pleasure from fhe happy
tobaccos found in Chesterfield. It is the exact way these tobaccos
are com-
.. . the blend that canH^e copied ... the RIGHT COMBINATION of the world^s best cigarette tobaccos
Copyright 19J9, LlGGBTT & ^V£RS TOBACCO Co.
and gives them a more pleasing taste and aroma, t'his exact combination is found in no other cigarette. When you try them you will know why Chester•• fields give millions of men and women more smoking pleasure . . . why THEY SATISFY