Headline Stories Today's News At A Glance Campus: • jitttior Engin^efs Get Nevy Exems Today United Stated Navy examiners will take jtinior applicants ior naval commissions through the mill today with interviews and physicals. Examinations are in the Executive Building. ♦ # ★ • Hall To Speak At Defense Convo Tomorrow UniyemiQr of Hichi^an'e r*rofeeeor Rohert 6. Sail will discuss America’s dependence on the Par East for vital materials at the fourth defense lecture temorrow evening. * • • n « tjidlanapolfs Symphony Selects Numbers Selec^ons for the all-request Concert to be played by Fabien Sevitzky and the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra Sunday, March 16, at 3 p. m., were announced yesterday. The numbers picked are Bolero, by Ravel; Symphony No. 2 by Sibelius; La Mer, by Debussy; and Fugtie for 18 Violins by llubensky. « * <i< • Indiana Greenkeepers Conference Here Today Indiana Greenkeepers arrive on the campus today for their fourth annual conference which will Continue through tomorrow. A banquet for men is scheduled tonight at 6:88 itt the Union.
Foreign: • 'Our War At Sea Can Now Begin'—Hitler Adolf Hitler, speaking in the Munich beer hall Where the Nazi organization had its origin 21 years ago, told his cheering supporters that “our war at sea can now begin” and that he had just received work of the sinking of 206,008 tons of shipping. DC >K Hi • Turkey To Remain Faithful To Its Alliances The week-end aerial fighting over Britain, cables William H. Stoneman, was “ a nice little preview of the 1941 war in the air, a war which, -according to aU experts, is going to be found higher and faster than miL itary planeS have been accustomed to operate.” * * * • Germany Prepares For Bulgarian Invasion “Nazi preparations for quick investment of Bulgaria moved rapidly forward today/’ radios George Weller from Sofia. Vice-Commissar Molotoff of Russia is scheduled to speak today and is expected in Sofia to approve the German thrust southward. Hi Hi Hi • Franco'Thai Negotiations Deadlocked “Franco-Thai negotiations being conducted in Tokyo under the supervision of mediator Japan were deadlocked yesterday,” radios Paul Ghali from Vichy, “while France awaits ‘more reasonable proposals’ and declares herself ready to defend Indo-China against all intruders.”
Committee Names Symphony Numbers Of Request Concert Indianapolis Symphony Plays Here March 16 RaveF stirring “Bolero,” the Symphony No. 2 by Sibelius; descriptive “La Mer” (The Sea) by Debussy, and “Fugue for 18 Violins” by Dubensky form the program selected by the popular vote of residents of Indiana’s north west region for the all-request concert to be plnyed by Fabien Sevitzky and the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra at 8 p. m., Sunday, March 16, in the Hall of Music, it was announced yesterday. Bolero First Choice These compositions had more votes than any of the other requests sent to Sevitzky; they were selected from more than 1,000 letters containing requests for the concert. The “Bolero” alone polled over 476 votes, racking it easily first choice of the public in this section of the state. The concert, tube held at popular prices, is under the general chairmanship of Mrs. R. Norris Shreve, West Lafayette, and is sponsored by the five units in the north west reg;ion of the Indiana State Symphony Society’s women’s committee. Get Your Tickets Hero Tickets for the concert are available by communicating with Mrs. Albert P. Stewart, at the HaU «£ Music, or with the following ticket chairmen in the northwest region: Mrs. William Pearlman, Crawfordsville; Mrs. Paul Cifilom, Frankfort; Mrs. G. D. Thatcher, Kokomo; Mrs. Donald Stock, West Lafayette or Mrs. C. D. Chipman, LaPorte. Albert McWayne CB ’10, will represent the University at the formal installation of Joseph L. McCorison, Jr., as president of Yankton College at Yankton, South Dakota, on Wednesday* Fehruasy SMh
g-185
Founiled III 1889
x/pjoneriZ 9 Di%Sfil^t906
Volume 52* No. 122
West Lcdciyette* lucBaxia
Tuexdoy* Tehmaef 25*^
Boilermakers Down Hawkeyes 5249 In Thrilling Double Overtime Victory
Got Your Little Red Tag? If Not, MB's Are Looking For You By Bill Wendel Have you got your little red tag yet, chum? Yes, we mean the little red tag that signifies that you have bought your ticket for the G. A. Young Banquet sponsored in his honor by the mechanical engineers. Richard A. Lynch, ME ’41, will act as student toastmaster and general director of the banquet which will include such notables as E. C. Elliott, Big Robby, and Dean Potter among the faculty who will pay brief tribute to 6. A. As we have said before, this is of, by, and for the friends of G. A. (Steam Engine) Young. The man who founded the G. A. Young Trophy for Mechanical Engineers (currently loaned to the Chem and Mets —they got so lonely). Get your tickets today at the Mechanical office, the west desk of the Union, or from any member of ASME or Pi Tau Sigma. Prof. Kelly Speaks At Second Of Series Of Marital Lectures “Problems of Pre-marital Adjustment” will be the title of Professor Kelly’s talk at the second of the annual series of six marriage lectures to be held at 4 p. m., Thursday, in the lecture room of the Education Building. He plans to discuss courtship, “necking” and “petting,” with views on both pre- and post engagement proprieties. Juniors will be allovred to attend the next four lectures. “Because of the drdft and the fact that so many men and women will be forced to drop out of school next year, we feel that this step should be taken,” said Professor Kelly. The plan to merge these lect^s with the three-hour marriage course has been postponed until next year, but the idea of inviting reli^ous leaders to conduct one meeting la expected to taka ahapa soon. rjr.r.
Nazis Ready For Invasion Of Bulgaria Molotoff Speech May Contain Russian OK For HiHer's Drive South By George Weller
SPECIAL RADIO
To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily New, Inc. Sofia, Feb. 24.—With advance notices of today’s speech by Russia’s premier and vice-commissar, Viacheslaflc M. Molotoif, indicating that it will approve extension of the German thrust southward, Nazi preparations for quick investment of Bulgaria move rapidly forward. Through the civilian mobilization law, 60 mountain villas and pensions, comprising all the dwellings at Tschankouria, a ski resort about six miles from Samokov, in southwestern Bulgaria, were requisitioned for the use of the German
general staff.
One villa owner was told to leave his dwelling in particularly good order, because it is to be used by the general field marshal, Siegmund Wilhelm von List, decorated veter-
an of the Flanders’ blitz.
Gen. von List, who is command-er-in-chief of the Nazi forces now positioned at Sinaia (70 miles northwest of Bucharest) has been here incognito since Saturday. The police have forbidden all visits to
Tschankouria, which has been 4th Conference Feature
Pest And Weed Control
1941 Year Book Gives Tribute To Noble Kizer By Fred Jones New copy style, new page layouts, and many interesting and original features will help to carry out the general appearance of informality predominate in the 1941 Debris. This year’s editors are making a decided effort to appeal to popular student interest and have designed the book with this aim in
view.
Opening Section An opening section of thirty-two pages has been created to stress the University and its hfe in general and to furnish a pleasing perspective with which to view the specialized sections following it. Printed on a gray low-tone paper in green, brown and black inks, this particular group of pages will expose the various schools and departments and academic and campus life. The annual tribute, this year going to Nobe Kizer, will be included here.
Divisions
Five large divisions will follow this opening section and will cover the various phases and parts of our University existence. First of these
(Continued on page 2)
Greenkeepers Meet Today, Tomorrow A^nnual Conclave
Hawks Submerged With Clinch Buckets
placed under special guard. ‘
Sinaia Quarters Duplicated
The new Nazi headquarters, situated at a level of 3,400 feet, is almost a duplicate of the headquarters at Sinaia. Both command vital highways, Tschankouria with Samokov being in the center of the strategic triangle of which Sofia is the top point. The western side of the triangle is formed by the road and
(Continued on page 2)
David L. Arm Leaves For Professorship At Iowa State CoHege David L. Arm, associate professor of mechanical engineering at the University and acting director of personnel, has resigned his position effective June 30 in order to accept an appointment as professor of mechanical engineering at Iowa State College, Ames, la., it was announced
today.
Campus Career Professor Arm has been on the campus since 1937, when he joined the staff as assistant professor of mechanical engineering. He was promoted to the rank of associate professor and given the job of acting director of personnel last July 1. The personnel part of his job is to last only until June 1, the expiration date of Director J. E. Walters’ year leave of absence. Industrial Experience Before cdming to the campus, he was a member of the Lafayette College faculty for seven years, and prior to that time had four year’s experience in industry with the In-gersoll-Rand Company, Phillipsburg, N. J., and the Pennsylvania Power and Light Co., Allentown, Pa. He is the author of several articles in technical publications and the producer of a successful motion picture covering the teaching of machine design problems.
Far East Ties
Topic Of 4tll By Sprawl, Conrad
Defense Talk
Fourth annual Greenkeepers Conference meets today and tomorrow on the campus. While here, the greenkeepers will discuss new methods of solving their problems on the upkeep and construction of golf courses. Co-Sponsors The conference is sponsored jointly by the University department of Agriculturat Extension, the Indiana Greenkeepers’ Association, the Indiana Professional Golfers’ Association and the Indiana Golfers’ Association. The program for the two days includes talks and discussions on soil and plant tissue testing, fertilizer testing, chemical weed control and new types of grasses. Variety In Speakers Speakers scheduled to appear before the group include Dr. John Mottteith, Jr., United States Golf Association greens official; O. J. Noer of the Milwaukee Sewage Commission; O. C. Lee of the University department of botany; and W. H. Diddel, Indianapo(is\architect. ^ The group will hold a banquet tonight at 6:80 o’clock in the rooms 332-34 of the Union. Herb Graffis, editor of “Golfdom” magazine will act as toastmaster. e.g.k. Aeromodeleis Resume Adivltin Wednesday First meeting this semester of the Aeromodelers club will be held at 7:30 p. m. tomorrow in Room 366 of the Union. At this time the purposes and functioning of the club will be explained to all new members. Motion pictures of the National Model Airplane contest wiR also be shown. These pictures were recently shown to a meeting of builders in Chicago. Plans for nn indoor meet which will be held in March will be anmnuti^.
Robert Hall, Michigaif Professor To Discuss US-East Economics Economic dependence of America on the Par East will be discussed by Robert B. Hall, professor of geography at the University of Michigan, at the fourth lecture in the defense series tomorrow night at 7:30 in the Music Hall. He will stress the importance of the Par East for raw materials such as silk, rubber, tin, and quinine. A conflict between Japan, Germany, and the United States is being waged for the possession of these materials. Professor Hall has conducted several geographical expeditions in the Par East and has written articles for the National Geographical magazine. He is chairman of the division of social studies at the University of Michigan and is director of the Institute of Par Eastern Studies. This defense lecture is open to all students, faculty, and the general public. Committee Men Selected To Choose Junior Prom Queen Annoimcement was made yesterday of the members of the committee to select the Junior Prom queen. These members are Robert Donahue, Exponent; Alexander Clarke, Student Union; Paula Zwierlein, AWS; Harry Layson, Student Senate; Jim Adams, Junior Senate; Wayne Musser, PIA; Robert Brown, Debris; Margaret Terstegge, Mortar Board; and Jim Wolff, Prom Chairman. Two co-eds from each sorority, four from WRH, and three from the PIA will be chosen as candidates for queen. Names of contestants must bn mhiled to Jim Wolff, Student Union, by 4 p. m. Friday, March 7, by campus mail. l.b. Beers, Pyle Defeated In Chicago Ring Finals Chicago, Feb. 24.— (Special) — Two of Purdue’s three men to fight their way to the tournament of champions being held in Chicago at present were eliminated last night at the Chicago stadium in their first fight. They were Jim Beers and John Pyle. First to leave the ranks of the undefeated was John Pyle, X26 pound champion from Lafayette. John was decisioned by Billy GDI, Sioux City, Iowa. Gill forced- Pyle throughout the battle of three roun^,^and Pyle was never in position to let fly his hard-hitting right hand that sent him flying through the lecifl tourney. Knocked down t^ce in the first two rounds and bleeding sfightly with only thirty seconds left to go in the ^ird round, Purdue’s Jim Beers was the victim of a technical KO decision. The lad defeating Beers was WiUiam Sangster, Streator. Hi. product. Tonight, Gus Boughan, 147 pound class, will carry Purdue’s last hopes into the ring. j.p.d.
Iowa City, la., Fetnruafy 24. —^ (Special to Purdue Expemext) — Two overtime periods were necessary before the Riveters could subdue the Iqwa Hawkeyes in a rousing show Of the roughened brmid of midwestern basketball tonight On the home floor of the Hawkeyes. The final score, 52-49, wjas attained after a second half that was mostly an exhibition of foul shooting. Baskets by Sprowl and (kmrad clinched Boilermaker victory in the closing minutes of the second extra period. Connecting with 18 freO throws in 22 attempts, the Riveters continued their high efficiency at the charity stripe. The Hawks were only mediocre with their free attempts, making 17 out of a possible 24. A total of 44 personals were called during the game. Frosty Sprowl bounced back into the scoring limelight by scoring 16 points after a cool offensive performance at Minnesota Saturday night. Second highest of the Riveter scorers, Don Blanken sniped 18
points.
A combination of Sprowl, Hoffman, Blanken, Blemker, and Riley was selected by Coach Piggy Lambert as starters for the Riveters. Taking the tip-off, Soderquist started the ball toward the Hawk goal, with forward Hill flipping the ball for two points from a side ^^ot. Frosty Sprowl evened matters vrith a high archer from fmfi line. The Riveters were put in Uiohacft seat again by Siglin’s side shot. Kuhl gave Iowa a three-pmnt ad(Continued on page 4) Navy Exatninaiioas Will Confiiuie Today in Executive Building Physical examinations an4 personal interviews for seniors andjuniors who have been notified and who have filled out application papers for ensign’s eoramissiims in the Naval Reserve wiU he continued today in Hie conferenee room of the Executive Building. HsamiaaCioiL Schedule Junkna will be examined today aeeordh^ to them last names: A-C inelusive at 0 a. m., Ib-H at 10:30 a. m.; J-R at 1 nL, and S-Z at 2:30. Seniors were exandned and interviewed yesterday. Physical examtnaticais follow the interviews. After the applicant hav given personal data and answoced questions asked by a naval officer he then receives r^^nlar navy physical exananation s4 the stndmit health office. Last Hurdle ' ^ From the 160 juniors and 119 seniors who have signed aj^^icatiini blanks, those wlm pass the last examination wiU be accepted by the Naval Reserve and will receive oommissions upon graduatiott. A quota of 280 men has been set for the University, hut accorffing to the officers in charge of the intcarvievrs* there wiU pxobabbr not be mioagli men to fiU the quota, because of the great number of students who exd laisifie to pass the ihysleal esim* huftton. Juniors wIB recd^ie visional connabaiMMi mffil ffioy gradiwte. |4a.Tuesday, February 25, 1941
fijuhdusL SxpoiunL
Nazis Ready.. • (Continued from page 1)
railway from Sofia to Subnica and Goma, where the full-guage ends and the German-built narrowguage continues to the Greek frontier. On the eastern side of the triangle are the road and railroad from Sofia to Kastanec. ^ Editor’s note: /At this point the telephone line over which Mr. Weller was relaying this dispatch was cut off. What follows was filed earlier in the day.) New BIHz The blitzkrieg in slow motion which is expected to encompass Bulgfaria some time this week, differs markedly from the iron wave that obliterated Holland, France, Belgium, Denmark and Luxemboui^g from the role of free countries. Preparations on the part of both Germany and Bulgaria have heen carried out minutely, even to the detail that Premier Bogdan Philoff and Foreign Minister Ivan Popoff are supposed to have already formulated the resignation of their cabinet, which will be handed to King Boris as a gesture of protest. A military cabinet with German liais(ms is expected to follow, and Boris is said already to have definite names under consideration. Censorship of communications will probably be established as soon as the government admits that the Danube has been crossed. Long German Preparation The invasion is probably a mili-
Dr. Smith Will Address SCA Educational Program Dr. A. A. Smith of the sociology department will speak at the SCA educational program to be Jield tomorrow evening at 7:30 in room 863 of the Union. His topic will be “The History of Co-operatives.” Other speakers will be Lenora Hass and Noble Lehner, University students. WBAA
TUESDAY 11:00—The Dentist Says 11:16—Sam Hamilton—^pianist 11:30—Listen While You Work 11:60—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—^Russ Graefnitz—^pianist 12:16—Sportsman Corner 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Monitor Views the News 1:00—National Defense 1:16—Town Crier 1:30—^Dorothy Washam—singer 1:46—Market Reports 2:00—Story Time 2:16—Camera Club 2:30—^Parent Forum 2:46—^Treasure Chest 3:00—^A Chapter A Week 3:16—Magic Carpet 3:30—Organ Moods—Frank Reddy 4:00—Memory Lane 4:16—John DeYoung 4:30—Intramural Round-up 4:46—Story Book Hour tary operation dictated by Hitler’s new task of beating England in Greece, but it has been preceded by a long and painstaking Nazi infiltration of Bulgaria politically and an able exploitation of every British opening.
Now Is Your Chance To Buy It For Less
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
THE FUNNIEST SHOW IN TOWN —mny town I
D!r^.d gENE mmnm ai CDcn MCK CARSON *lFRE0 Philip heriwle HfrCH£0CK UCILC WATSON
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
FIRST TIME TOGETHER! ROSALIND MELVYN
LUMA
TODAY - WEDNESDAY — 2 SWELL HITS —
TmE MVSICAI. EXTKAVAGAIVZA TWO COIfflNENTS HAVE BEEN WAITING FORI
Grand Songs — Heart Thrills — Laughs Galore UTTU NCUIC KCLLY JUDY^GARLAND CEOICE MURPHY ».«e<MNNINGER
1941 Yearbook... (Continued from page 1)
divisions will be administration, followed in order by seniors, athletics, features and organizations. A new white gloss paper, thinner and lighter than that used previously, will be employed through this main part of the book and will serve to make a book more conveniently compact and easier to handle. Seniors Contrary to the practice of past years, the editors this year have separated the graduating seniors from their schools and have placed them in alphabetical order in a section by themselves. The first division, therefore, contains only the faculty and discussions of the activities of the Various schools and departments. One of the innovations introduced here will be the “Department of the Future” reporting on advancements in science and other fields being continually carried on at our University. Formal group pictures are taboo in the Activities division, but individual pictiu'es and numerous action shots will take their place. The extensive and intensive sports program offered at Purdue will be ably portrayed and informally outlined. Features Comprising a full 160 pages, the Feature section will be much larger than any attempted in recent years. It will be arranged to display the school year in moving succession from orientation to commencement. Opening with full-page studies of the campus beauties, the division will include a new feature entitled “Personality Plus” which stars those students chosen by members of the faculty for their unrewarded outstanding ability in their particular specialties. Organizations Activities, campus societies, fraternities, sororities, the residence halls both men and women, and the co-op houses will all have their places in the closing Organizations division. One new idea incorporated here will be the reproduction of the insignia and keys of the organiza-
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
incitrciscd Kift aSAR ROMERO
AND-
-ALSO-
'GREEN ARCHER' Chapter 2
MARS TODAY - WEDNESDAY ZANE GREY'S
ROBERT YOUNG RANDOLPH SCOTT DEAN JAGGER VIRGINIA GILMORE JobBCariadlBi • StIBi iBBinMtvilli • Cblll milt Barloa MaclaBt
The Colunm The I^ease-Lend Bi^ is still in the process of being called a declaration of war we see. It was supposed to have been passed by Saturday. However, Congress has to keep tacking on amendments until everyone is satisfied. Then they can take a vote. So far they have tried to change it to prohibit the president from doing almost everything. Except go down Pennsylvania Avenue. * * * And order breakfast in bed. I . * til Michael Borislavsky, former colonel in the troops of the Czar, was found dead yesterday. Just as dead as Krivitsky, former chief of Soviet military intelligence, who was fotmd deceased with several suspicious looking holes in him February 10. The holes having been made by pellets from a small fire arm. Medical examiners figured Borislavsky had a heart attack. That is till they discovered the bullet hole in the back of his head.
And Borislavsky is (or was) not double jointed. * * « His wife said that when he left home for a short stroll she had given him 35 cents. And when the cadaver was discovered it had only eleven cents to its name. Furnishing the motive. * * * The world certainly is getting civilized when the gunmen leave a corpse . . .
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as aecond cIbm matter at tbe po«t afliea in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Conirreta of March 8, 1879, and nt tba apeeinl rate of postacc proTidad for ■eetion 1108, act of October 8,1917, authorlaed Jannary 10, 1912. Fubliahed didly except Monday durins tha rcanlar academic year and weekly during tbe Summer Session, Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail sub-
scription $8.60
Editop-in-Chief. „B. W. Donahne Busbicaa Hanagar Jlerla Hagameyar
Publication Staff
L J. X. McKee
News Editor Managing Editor. Associate Editors
J>. K. Het|^s
N. A. Ochiltree. J. A. PuresU. L. Bulfner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. I^ngott.
Business Staff
Local Advertiaing Managera: D. I. Powers, O. O. LaaderS; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglcn^er; Aceonnta Manager, M. J. Sbadford; Circulation Manager. K. M.
Recktenwald.
Co-ad Staff
Editor-
Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Sieaa. Sports Staff Editor. Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. Swaim.
..-..J. P. Dolan Johnson, B. O.
Phonaa: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave,, New York, N. Y. Staff For Tbis Issuo Night Editor: Trangott Day Editor: Bless Issue Editor: Kieper Night Sports Editor: Swaim Staff: R. R. Runnion, O. L. Allanson, J. D. Smith, L. Greenstein, V. M. Barson, A. Chatiield, A. Worsley, F. Stenberg, C. Hass, M. Fuller, M. J. Pox, and W. Rofert.
With carfare home. * * * It does make kind of slim pickings, though. The take hardly covers the overhead..—dkh
tions on their respective pages. In the fraternity and sorority layouts, individual chapter write-ups in an abbreviated, informal style will constitute another added feature. Probably the outstanding novelty included in the candid camera studies closing this last section will be the “Boy Meets Girl” page in which a typical campus romance is traced from its common classroom beginning to its tender pin-planting climax. Beta Sigma Psi Sponsors Ledure By Dr. Graebner Dr. Theodore Graebner, professor of philosophy at Concordia Seminary, St. Louis, Mo., will give a lecture Friday at 7:30 p. m. in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. The lecture is being sponsored by the Beta Sigma Psi, social fraternity. Dr. Graebner is one of the foremost opponents of the Darwinistic theory of evolution.
FRATERNITIES SORORITIES RESIDENCE HALLS CO-OPS ALL
In the article printed in last Tuesday’s edition of the Exponent was what we consider an excellent example of one of the most deplorable features of the entire situation of today—that of name-calling. According to J. L. T., all of the people in this country who oppose the Lend-Lease bill are either “intellectual fascists,” “professional haters,” or “pussyfoot liberals,” and he implied, just plain darn fools. Such promiscious grouping of the forty per cent of the people of the United States who opposed the bill in the last Gallup poll seem a little high handed to say the least. Such men as Wheeler, Johnson, Clark and Vandenberg do not necessarily fall into any one of the classifications mentioned, and speaking for one of that forty per cent, we don’t think we do either. Is it not possible that some of these people oppose the bill with honest feelings and beliefs? Some of us (speaking for the 40 per cent) may actually believe that the bill is another step, and a big one, toward involvement in a war of which we want no part. And in reply to the statement “to those who argue that Bill 1776 may mean a domestic distatorship, the answer is that the power to rescind the President’s lend-lease authority still rests with the people,” we would ask J.L.T. to please look at other countries in our times and the past wherein the people gave excessive power to their leaders and then tried to get it back. This does not mean that we believe that this bill will create a domestic dictatorship, but again it is a step in that direction. We still cannot believe that we have any such great duty to Britain that to fullfill it we must compromise ourselves so far as to perform every act of war except the actual fighting, l.w.r.
We Are Now Restoring the VITAMIN B1 Content of Our White Breads to Average Whole Wheat Levels by Using Fleischmann's Hi-BI Yeast
G« fiOAUTV
A non dusting cement has been patented recently, that is the form of tiny pellets which readily disintegrate into cement particles when added to water used in mixing.
Approximately 1,760 prehistoric skeletons and more than 48,000 artifacts have been recovered in Kentucky through a University of Kentucky WPA project.
BAKERY
GET YOURS BEFORE THEY ARE ALL GONE
BIGGEST AND
On Easter Morn, You Can Have .. Trim and Tailored Smartness in Color-Fresh Garments if they have been Sanitone Cleaned!
™ American Laundry
% '1 II M
<> fd
1 H 1
/ III\ fijtAdui^ £xfiomnt
Tuesday, Febraoiy 25, 1941
fijogiL 3 -'SstuuiaL
!ndiana Mermen Face Riveters In Field house Tank Tomorrow
Determined to get back in the winning column again after having suffered defeat last Friday night at the hands of a strong Ohio State tank team, the local mermen are working out hard in preparation for their meet tomorrow night with the Indiana swimmers. In spite of last week’s 51 to 33 defeat Coach Papenguth is ^jonfident that most of his squad is in top shape and ready to deal out some tough competition to the Cream and Crimson swimmers.
Thinlie^ Host To Indiana Saturday! Five More Entries For Big Ten Meet
I M Schedules
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Racqueteers SfJit Two-Match Series On Louisvi/le Trip
With one victory and one defeat to ^show for their efforts on Louisville squash courts last Saturday, Boilermaker racqueteers returned to their home base to prepare for futufe court battles. While in the Kentucky metropolis the Riveter squash men had a truly squash-filled day. At 2:30 they faced the Pen-den-nis Club team while later in the day, at 7:30, they encountered the Winn-Stay Club squad. Losing the earlier match by a 3-2 score, the Gold and Black players gained their stride in the evening to over come the Winn-Stay Club four counters to one. Adams, number two man on the Riveter team, turned out to be high honor man of the squad, winning both of his matches. Mann was the other Riveter to win in the Pendennis Club match. Adams, Kalbfleisch, Goldstein, and Green all won their encounters against Winn-Stay Club players, d.w.m.
Diamondmen Move To Batting Cages In Early Season Drill
Batting and hurling practice occupied most of base*ball practice yesterday afternoon as Coach W. P. “Dutch” Fehring’s diamond men got a chance tp workout in the batting cages for the first time this season. Bert Sanders and Harry Krause, Fehring’s assistants, ran over forty aspirants through a lengthy session, giving everyone a chance in the cages. The staff expects half again as many to report for practice within the next week. On the Mound Mainstay batteries back from last year’s ball club are pitchers John Emmert and Frank Danowski, and captain Bud Fisher, and Ernie Young who are catchers, Don Blanken, another pitcher, is expected out at the end of basketball season, along with Bob Riley, outfielder. This year the Boilermaker base-
Many of the Riveter tankmen out-did themselves last Friday and managed to cut time off their previous best performances. Most indications point to a Boilermaker team well able to handle any competition the downstate lads can hand out when they clash in the Fieldhouse pool tomorrow, Saturday At I U Elimination of any advantage held by either team by competing at home will be well taken care of since a return engagement is scheduled for Saturday afternoon at Bloomington. Both meets, tomorrow’s, which will be here and Saturday’s at Indiana, will be full length affairs with all of the events in the regrular conference contest included. Victorious in last year’s dual meet between the two state schools, the Indiana lads will be striving to preserve a record that gives their school a slight edge in total number of victories in aquatic contests between the Lafayette and Bloomington schools. One Up Last Year Leveling to some extent the defeat from the Cream and Crimson swimmers last season in a regularly scheduled meet, the Boilermaker squad of a year ago managed to eke out a one-point victory over Indiana in the State Intercollegiate meet. Regardless of past performances, the Riveter squad will be doing all it can to carry on the improvement of aquatic spoit at the Boilermaker institution. Although Jack Carney, sophomore free style star, has been able to win firsts in the 440 yard free style event in most of the meets this year. Coach Papenguth hopes to further strengthen his entries in this event by racing Jim Kruck, who is yet to see action in this event for the Gold and Black, d.w.m.
Not that it matters: But it seems to me that a certain school up where the Swedes are thick is running it into the ground this year by not only defeating Purdue’s athletic teams, but down right walloping them. Hump, bet Purdue could beat ’em at swimming! _I.I_ Sophomore Hoffman broke into the line-up at Minnesota, and me thinks that kid will play a lot of pretty basketball for Purdue in the next couple of seasons. Sophomore Horsie Riley had the Gopher fans dizzy with his great pivot. It’s not height that Riley uses in his pivot; it’s a sudden one step movement that never is duplicated. _I.I_ I always knew that home-floor psychology worked in team-play games, but never did I believe that “home - floor” stuff changed a swimming or wrestling meet. I thought that if Joe Louis could beat a fighter in Pittsburgh, he could repeat in St. Louis. But Purdue’s wrestling team after walloping Northwestern earlier this season received their own medicine at N. U. Saturday. Funny, but we come to college to learn. —I-I— Right now, William Paul (Dutch) Fehring has his fingers in two pies. He’s head baseball coach, also is head freshman basketball coach. Basketball season still goes on, and baseball season begins (indoors). Therefore Dutch has his mind in the fieldhouse and his body watching the freshman basketeers. -1-1— I think Dutbh has something this season. Not a lot of material, but what he has got is willing to listep
FRATERNITY RIFLE Monday, February 24 4:00—Triangle 4:30—-Theta Xi 6:00—Theta Tau 7:30—Theta Chi 8:00—Tau Kappa Epsilon 8:30—^Tau Epsilon Phi * Tuesday, February 26 4:00—Sigma Pi 4:30—Sigma Phi Epsilon 6:00—Sigma Nu Wednesday, February 26 4:00—Sigma Chi 4:30—Sigma Alpha Mu 6:00—Sigma Alpha Epsilon 7:30—Pi Kappa Phi 8:00—Pi Kappa Alpha 8:30—Phi Sigma Kappa 9:00—Phi Kappa Tau
Court 1 7:00
Tau
8.00
8:15
Court 2
7:00 7:16 8:00 8:16
Court 8
7:00 7:16 8:00 8:00 8:16
Court 4
7:00 7:16 8:00 8:16
to him, therefore I think Purdue’s baseball team will escape from “seniorities” for the first time in semesters. Dutch is the kind of a coach who suggests methods of improvement, but never forces a player to adopt them, —I-I— Dutch has a big left hand pitcher, wilder than a March hare, and stronger than a bull facjng a stop light. His name is Frank Danowski. Danowski was a first baseman, but his unusual strong arm, his 6-2 frame, and Purdue’s scarcity of southpaws led Dutch to make a pitcher out of him. Coach Fehring has confidence in “Danny” and expects the big senior to click in the conference this season with his fast (and wild) ball.
ball squad has probably one of its best crops in several years, having back Harry McFerren, veteran infielder, and a triad of Mitchell, Waterhouse, and Doherty back again at the outfield posts. Approximately twenty rookies, of which over half are fresh from football training, are working out in the Fieldhouse witli^the squad. With all of the good looking prospects that have shown up in this early stage of training, the coaching staif expects a season well above the .600 mark at the close of this year, d.e.b.
DON’T
MORE
WAIT
FOR
BUY
YOUR
NOW!
MONEY
REST ASSURED’
at
HOTEL FOWLER
Fireproof
200 Rooms
Newly Decorated JBlue Blazer Airconditioned
Fourth and Ferry
Lafayette
So versatile — so infinitely flattering —• finely tailored with its new twelve gore skirt, convertible neckline. Freedom of Movement back blouse end exquisite Handmade ieweHed studs. You'll wear it from dawn to dusk with a certain dash — that's
EXCLUSIVE WITH
Jiaeild.
Track fans will be afforded something of a preview of the Big Ten indoor track and field championships, held here on the weekend of March 7 and 8, when Indiana Coach E. C. Hayes brings his powerful thinclads to the Fieldhouse'on Saturday. The meet will be of the relay variety, thus affording the well-bal-anced Riveter crew a good chance of defeating a Hoosier team that relies primarily on stars.
BASKETBALL
'J’uesday, February 26
• Hugh Young
Alpha Tau Omega vs Phi Kappa
Phi Gamma Delta vs Pi Kappa
Alpha
Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Beta Sigma
Psi
Phi Kappa vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon : Harry Schwartz Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Sigma Chi Acacia vs Tau Epsilon Phi Beta Theta Pi vs Alpha Chi Rho Theta Chi vs Pi Kappa Phi : George Doherty Theta Tau vs Delta Tau Delta Sigma Pi VB Sigma Alpha Mu Alpha Gamma Rho Alpha Gamma Rho vs Triangle Delta Upsilon vs Phi Kappa Psi : John Zehring H 4 VS D 1 A 1 vs D 2 Theta Xi vs Phi Delta Theta Sigma Nu vs Lambda Chi Alpha
Win Friday Helps Team Coach Phillips and his charges are greatly encouraged by the triangular meet victory, over Iowa and Northwestern last Friday. The Wildcats had had no experience in collegiate competition this season prior to the one at the Hawkeye stronghold, but Myron Piker and company have the same names on their roster that took fourth place in the conference indoor meet last season. The hurrying Hoosiers walked olf with another win Saturday when Notre Dame’s legendary Irish spirit just wasn’t enough to humble the Cream and Crimson. Campbell Kane, Roy Cochrane, Wayne Tolliver and Marc Jenkins lead their team to a 66 2-3 to 47 1-3 conquest. The South Bend lads defeated Indiana in the 1940 campaign and supposed to have a better combine than last year, which must indicate that the Bloomington runners are much improved.
Get Yonr Tickets! Five more entries from Big Ten schools have increased the total participants to 196 men from seven conference representatives. Tickets for the indoor meet are selling rapidly, mostly from advance mail orders, which means that a brisk interest in the championships is coming from outside. Hermon Phillips urges all students, no matter what their interest in track, to purchase their tickets and attend the vast extravaganza that he has planned. Beauty Queen Rusty Layson and his committee are expected to announce their selection of the beauty queen and her four attendants who will occupy the throne in the central area of the large sports arena. The Queen of the Carnival will decorate each winner with a medal after every event. o.t.c.
READ THE DEBRIS ADS
FOOD that Satisfies
Something worth Repeating . . .
"JhsL ^hsMnjuL ftoonC ‘JhiL CfuL&JtmdL dtaojni. ‘Jhe, ^hiainjuL dtoanC
99
U*
99
it*
99
Here you may find good food at economical prices. Excellent 8ervice^ in pleasant surroundings.
JhsL fiwidwL ^YyUufuywaL liiumL
The Comer of the Campue^ Yet the Center of At^vUies^Tloiiauk
Tuesday, February 25, 1941
’^uJuLta, £xpMuM.
University (Hfers Sdolarship To Sate Sdiool Students
Rotarians Will Hear Glee Club Perform At Special Banquet
Announcement has been made by Dr. H. H. Remmers, division of educational reference, who is chairman of the State Scholarship Committee, that more than 426 seniors in approximately 260 Indiana High Schools are taking examinations in competition with one another in an effort to become eligible for state scholarships to the University next fall. Not fewer than two students are to be awarded scholarships to the University from each Indiana county. Announcement of the awards will be made about April 5. These scholarships, which pay contingent fees each semester in the school year 1941-’42 are offered under the law to a certain number of students from each county who are appointed as state scholars “on the basis of scholarship and superior mental ability.’’ a.r.w.
Under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, the Men’s Glee Club will entertain Crawfordsville Rotarians and their wives at a special Ladies’ Night banquet, to be held in the Crawfordsville Masonic Temple tomorrow night, February 26, at 6:30 o’clock. The concert for the evening will be made up of a variety of solos, special ai’rangements, and additional piano numbers. During the dinner, Angelo Castellani, a student pianist in the engineering school, will j)lay at the celeste, a four-octave keyboard instrument with a chime-like tone. Also on the program are Mafvin Smith of West Lafayette, tenor, and Charles Powell, also of West Lafayette, baritone. Richard Thornton, Elkhart, is accompanist and manager of the Glee Club, a.r.w.
Boilermakers Down (Continued fi’om page 1)
Professor Degering Plans Extensive Ledure Tour
Professor E. F. Degering of the University department of chemistry will make an extenisve lecture tour during March. This tour, which is being sponsored by the American Chemical Society, will consist of fourteen appearances before various scientific organizations throughout the nation. His itinerary, as arranged by the Society, will take him as far west as Sacramento, Calif., and Seattle, Wash. He will speak at various cities in Iowa, Nebraska, Colorado, Utah, California, Oregon, Washington, Montana, South Dakota, Minnesota, and Wisconsin. On the tour, lasting from March 6 to March 31, Prof. Degering will speak on two highly technical subjects, “Relative Electronegativity, An Empirical Rule,” and “The Effect of Certain Ions, pH and Substituent Groups on the Bacteriostatic and Bactericidal of Certain Commercial Antisceptics and Phenyl Alkanoic Acids.” b.j.l.
Big Ten Scores Wisconsin, 38; Indiana, 30. Illinois, 53; Ohio Sfafe, 36. Michigan, 45; Northwestern, Minnesota, 56; Chicago, 24. Michigan, 45; Northw'n, 39.
CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. 3rd. Street
Phone 5372
What You've Been Waiting for
X Complete Line of YARDLEY'S
Free Parking in Rear
Free Delivery
im Dtdc a.
Next to Poet Office N. J. Arth ’37 D. N. HanseU ’37 305 State Street Phone 4094
Exchange Of Playshop Coupons Starts Today
Sigma Nu
Playshop coupons for the third production of the year, “Night Must Fall,” may be exchanged for reserved seat tickets from 9 a. m. today until 5 p. m. March 6. The box office in Eliza Fowler Hall is open from 9 to 12 a. m. and 1 to 5 p. m. week-days and until 12 noon Saturdays. Approximately 1600 tickets have already been exchanged. Tickets for those seats remaining unreserved after March 5 may be purchased until the last performance on March 8. l.c.
Notices
Fraternity Prcaidenta: Authorlce year treasurers to send cheques for fire assessments to me immediately. —BERGSTEDT.
Election of pledges at
liidinK at 7
Catalyst ClQb:
Chemical and MetallurKical Buili _ p. m. Saturday, March 1. Sign up for the party in Dr. Lovell’s office before Friday
afternoon.
—BERGSTEDT.
vantage before Sprowl hit a charity toss. Baskets by Sprowl, Blanken and Siglin placed the score in a 10-all stalemate as Purdue called for rest after seven minutes had elapsed. The Riveters pushed ahead to a 1714 margin on points by Hoffman, Sprowl and Blanken, but the persistent Hawks drew alongside by successful free throws. The remainder of the half found the Riveters spurting into the fore, but always pausing long enough for the Hawkeyes to come to, their heels. Half ended with score Pui'due 31; Iowa 27. Second Half The line-ups were identical to the, starting combinations except for ■ the insertion of Igney in place of Hoffman. The Hawks fought to within one point of the Riveters in the opening three minutes, mainly as a result of free tosses. But Don •Blanken stuffed one through the drapes, and started the Boilermakers off to a seven-point lead, 38-31. Fouls and More Fouls The free-throwing contest continued until the end of the regulation period, with a second-half total of "only five fielders being counted, and only one of those mai’ked up for the Riveters. The score was still even, 42-42, when the gun sounded. In the added five-minute period Story lead off with a free throw, but Don Blanken sank a long sider. Hoffman lifted the Riveters to a two-point lead.
Attempts at stalling were halted with seconds left by Iowan Trickery, who sneaked away with the ball for the tying fielder as the game went into the second overtime. Game Summary IOWA (49) FG FT PF TP Siegel, f 2 6 4 10 Rickey, f 0 2 12 Hill, f 2 0 4 4 Story, f 2 3 1 7 Gaeto, f 0 0 0 0 Hein, c 4 2 4 18 Kuhl, c 112 8 Soderquist, g 1 12 8 Siglin, g 3 2 2 8 Wheeler, g 0 0 0 0 Bundies, g 10 12 Totals 16 17 21 49 PURDUE (62 FG FT PF TP Sprowl, f 6 3 3 16 Igney, f 0 0 10 Conrad, f 2 0 0 4 Hoffman, f 4 3 8 11 Blanken. c 4 6 2 13 Blemker, g 1 2 2 4 Paulline, g .... 0 0 0 0 Caress, g .0 0 4 0 Riley, g 0 6 4 6 Totals 17 18 17 62 Free Throws Missed—Siegel 1, Hill 1, Hein, 8, Kuhl 1, Siglin 2, Purdue: Hoffman 1, Blemker 1, Caress 1, Riley 1, Oyicials: Gil McDonald (Wisconsin) and Carl Johnson (Illinois).
Tau Beta Pi: Meeting Tuesday, February 26, in room 808 of the Union at 7:80 p. m, —MONTGOMERY.
Removal of Conditions in English and Speech: Examinations will be hleld in room 101 of the Education building Saturday, March 18, at 1 p. m. —CREEK.
Staff of History, Government, and Economies Dept.: Will you please announce to your classes that the examinations. for removal of C’s and I’s in this department will be held in room SIS of the Recitation building Saturday, Marsh 8, at 1 p. m. Applications should be made at the general office not later than Friday, March 7. —E3TEY.
All Co-eds: Those wanting YWCA cabinet imsitions for next year should send petitions to Min Bryant or Miss Coolidge before March 19. —^BRYANT.
Junior Chemical and Metallorgical Engineers: Inspeetion trip assessments are due. Pay in room 101, Chem and met building. —LOVELL,
Classified Ads
Model Airplane Builders: The flrst meeting of the Purdue Aeromodelers this semester will be held in room 866 of the Union, 7:30 p, m., Wednesday, February 26. Movies of the National Model Air Meet will be shown. —OBARSK.
Skull and Crescent Actives: Get money to Burkholder as soon as possible for keys. He needs it. —LANIUS.
FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable 1^rx)ewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone, 2779.
PIA Members: Beginners Dance Class will start Thursday, Febnmry 27, at 7:80 p. m., in room 863 of the Union. Get your tickets in the PIA office now. —HUMPHREY.
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone 2407.
Union Tea and Reception Committees: Meeting Tuesday, February 26, in the Union office. The following please report: Lewis, Arcady, Shellhorn, Leucu, Dannemiller, Cameron, Crow, Chesnutt, Dillon, Harrison, Jacobson, Kuck, Kupp, Levering, Loe, McCallister, Tompson, Ward and Jieger. —SCHAUPP, BRANDT.
Lost: Kappa Key. Kathleen Hill on back. Reward. Phone 65973.
Junior Women: Prease stop in room 212 of the Union Wednesday or Thursday, February 26-27, between 3 and 6 p. m. —CARROLL.
THE OKEYDOKE BOOK OF THE YEAR
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Profeuional
a School Supplios
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J.RISK 4th » Main St>. Phofw 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION pENTiST 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
a Ice and Coal
a jawalan
G(X)D COAL GOOD SERVICE FAIR PRICES LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO. - PHONE 5078
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
a Hardware
Hayg jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at AAoderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Riight Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
a Tailor
Edgarton Hdwa. Inc. Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deiivar
Sparrendahl Tailor POwler Hotel Bide. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
Theta Alpha Phi: Meeting at 4 p. m. on Wednesday, February 26, in Fovrler Hall, -MARTIN, ,
house. Bring money for tickets %hd duedi —TAYLOR.
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Kenneth A. Klosson, Kenmore, Nw York; Charles L. Scripps, Evanston, Illinois; and Donald R. Case, Canandaigua, New York.
Co-eds: Last call outs for ping pong and shuffleboard at 4 p. m. on Tuesday, F^^bruiry 25, in the Gym.
S.C.A.: Educational meeting tot all co-op members at 7:80 p. m. Wednesday, FebrHj Pry 26, in room 868 of the unit^ -LUMPKIN.
Review Classes in English: The following classes will be held: Grammar, week of February 17; Punctuation, week of February 24; Sjmlling, week of March 3. Tbegr will all be given in room 111 of University Hall at 6 p. m. —CREEK.
All Students: Interested in playing in a symphony orchestra call 41861, 6r leave your name, address and telephone number in the PIA box at the east desk of the Union addressed to me, ^ —SMULEVITZ,
Prom Committee: Meeting posbtoned until Thursday, February 27, in room 261 of the union. —^FOLFF.
PIA Men’s Chorus: Regular rehearsal on Thursday, February 27, at 7:30 p. m. in the PIA office. Everybody be there. —SMULEVITZ.
, Biology Students: Examinationa for the removal of C and I grades tPtdll be held in Coulter Hall Saturday, March 1, at L p. m. —ENDERS.
Alpha Zeta: Regular meeting at 7:30 p. m,' Wednesday, February 26, in room 282 of the Union. -STEWART,
To Whom It May Ceneem: Fuuad, ottAtle clasp. Owner may claim such at my office in Coulter Hall. , —RNDERS.
Kappa Psi: Meeting at 7 p. m. oh Tuesday, February 26, in room 306 of the Union. —SCHAEFER.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting in room 806 of the Union at 7 :S0 p. m. Thursday: February 27. —SAMS.
Modern Dance Group: Regular meeting on Tuesday, February 26, will be used for taking photographs. Everyone in Christmas program be present in Music Hall at 7 p. m. —KNIGHT.
Ag Students: Interested in bearing Professor K. B. Hart speak at Endera Hotel in Indianapolis March 8 on “NutritHtioaal Value of Butterfat versus Vegetable Oils" should make reservations with W. K. Mosely, 316 DeQuincy Street before Saturday, March 1.
Students With C or I grades: Examinations for the removal of C or I grades in History, Government or Economics will be given Saturday. March 8, St I p. m. in room 818 of the Recitation building. Applications should be made before Friday, March 7 in the general office in the Recitation Building. —ESTEY.
Track Queen Selection: Committee and contestants in room 807 of the Union at 4:16 p. m. Tuasday, February '26. ^Please be on time. —LAYSON.
All ME’s: Meeting Tuesday, February 26, in room 129, Mechanical Engineering Building. —BOHLIN.
Ag. Ed. Society-—Meeting Tuesday, February 26, in room 212 of the Union at 7 ;30. —LOGAN.
Freshmen: Interested in working oh the Purdue Agricultnrist report to tb« Agriculturist office in the Union or Call 4005 after 4 p. m. on Tuesday, Febnmry 26. —RAMP.
All WSSF Committees: Joint meeting at 4:15 p. m. on Tuesday, February 26, in room 236 of the Union. All persons working on campaign in any capacity be present. —BELCHER.
NewmaiuCInb: Discussion group meeting Tuesday, February 26, at 7:30 p. m. in room 261 of the Union. —LOURS.
Pan-Hellenic Council: Meeting at 4:16 p. m. in room 303 of the Union.
-LANG.
Religious Council: Regular meeting of the counrti at 7 :30 p. m. on Wednesday, February 26, in room 68 of the Union. —MANGUS.
PIA Advanced Dance Class: Meets Tuesday, February 26, at 7:30 in the Union ballroom. —HUMPHREY.
Christian Science Organisation: Regular meeting on Tuesday, February 25, at 7:8(i p. ra. in room 302 of the Union.
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting Thursday, February 27, at 7 :16 p. m. in Exponent office. —McKEE.
Gimlets: Important meeting at 6 p. m. Wednesday, February 26, at Beta Theta Pi
—BURROUGHS. Undergraduate Dames: Open house will be held Tuesday, February 26, at 7:30 p. m. in room 868 of the Union. All eligible invited to attend. —OERSTUNG.
4'
f X
■t i