/I
1
rt
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
^ \ Purdue Exponent
TUEa>AY B4dy 17,1938 lofayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 181
EKESiinsgil Elects 1S38-39 Staff
Board Will Elect Senior Exponent's Newly-Selected Editors
Union Officers Tonight
Senior Student Union officers for next year will be elected this evening in the Union office. The senior officers will be chosen by a board consisting of the four presefit senior officers and L. M. Vallely and President E. C. Elliott, faculty advisors. — I nil—— From the 13 vice-presidents the
board will choose four senior officers, a president, an executive, an activities chairman, and a co-ed executive. All the present juniors pe-
titioned for offices.
Elbtt Speaks At Senate Banquet Summarizing the work of the Student Senate at Purdue, and that of similar organizations in other schools. President Edward G. Elliott led a round table discussion last night in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union, following the Senate ban-
quet.
Attended by Dean Dorothy C, Stratton and Professors J. A. Estey L. M. Sears, and C. B. Murphy, the informal banquet marked the installation of the new Senate officers. Gerald C. Elliott, new Senate president, announced last night that five petitions have already been received for Student Senate nominations. Stating that petitions will be accepted every afternooh of this week from 4 to 5:30 p. m. at the Senate office, room A of the Union, he urged all candidates to get them in as soon as possible, since the deadline for the petitions, to be turned in with the one dollar fee, is 5:30 p. m., Friday, May 20. Require 3.5 Average A scholastic average of 3.5 is required of all nominees, this average to be an overall index of this semestei’s work and all previous work done at the University. One student from each class, four fiom each school, will be chosen to lepresent the following schools: Agriculture, Chemical Engineering, Civil Engineering, Electrical Engineei ing. Mechanical Engineering, Science, and Home Economics. In addition ,two students will be chosen to represent the combined schools of Public Service Engineering, Industrial Education, Engineering Law, Physical Education, and Pharmacy. Dramatic Honorary Initiates Members At Annual Banquet At the annual initiation and banquet of Theta Alpha Phi, national diamatic honorary, an election of new officeis took place. Bob Heine was elected president; Louis Juillard, vice-president; Victor Somogyi, secretary-treasurer; and Mrs. H. Kenn Carmichael, historian. Mr. Carmichael was also named faculty advisor of the organization. The initiation of Victor Somogyi, Webster Graves, Mo.; Bob Heine, West Lafayette; Louis Juillard, Ft. Wayne; and H. Kenn Carmichael, director of dramatics of the University Playshop, took place after the banquet.
They include, W. K. Milholland, Phyllis Crossman, Eleanor Turner, Maltha Wood, Frances Eastburn, T. P. Garland, D. A. Samuelson, E. S. Mason, L. A. Jacobson, G. W. Matthews, T. D. Cabonargi, R. S. Harper, and A. P. Taylor. ASHE To Eleci Officers At Meeting Tomorrow Final meeting of the ASME members will be held in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering Building at 7 p.. m.. May 18, for the purpose of electing officers for the coming school year. Following a brief business meeting, three short reels of movies will be shown. At the conclusion of the meeting refreshments will be served to all. Since this is the last meeting of the ASME, all members are urged to attend, W. B. Wolverton, president, stated last night. Senior Snoopers Will Banquet Home Ec Building Noon today is the deadline for senior women who wish to buy tickets to the “Snoopers” banquet tomorrow night. Promptly at 6 p. m. the conclave of senior women who have paid the 65 cents will meet in the Home Economics Building cafeteria ready to set about their strenuous program of intensive snooping, razzing, and wiltering. Tickets, which are on sale at the Union desk and all sorority houses, give no indication as to the nature of the affaii. Only those equipped with senior passports may purchase tickets. Gills who will graduate at the end of summer school may buy the tickets, according to the chief snooper last night. Scabbard And Blade... . . . military honorary, will meet in the Reception room in the Union Building today at 4 p. m. to elect officers. Journals will also be distributed to the members, and men will be chosen to participate in the Memorial Day celebration.
H. I. Stanback Editor-In-Chief
L. S. Hardin Managing Editor
D. A. Bailey tity Editor
Campus Greeks Will Hold Secend Annual Rush Scheol In June Meeting for the purpose of strengthening the fiaternity system here on the Umveisity campus, representatives of 42 Purdue Greek organizations aie expected to gather Saturday afternoon, June 4, in the Union Building for the Second Annual Purdue Rushing School, it was announced by Roy Frentz, manager of the University’s Stewart Howe Alumni Service and program chairman foi this yeai’s school. “The success of last summer’s rushing school was largely due to excellent woik by various speakers,” said Frentz. “Dean Fisher, Eth Baugh, Fiank Hockema, C. E. Dammond, Lee Winch, and others gave talks duiing the 1937 meeting which greatly aided the rush chaii men.” Attendance In attendance at the school will be the rush chairman, president, and faculty advisor of each University fraternity and sorority, according to the present plans. Among other things, the school will endeavor to find a common basis on which the fraternities should conduct their rushing.
. And Business Managers
R. R. Hensler Business Manager
M. C. Reeves Asst. Business Manager
Students Rush For Debris; 400 Issued In 40 Minutes
Ernest Chipman
. . . ChE. ’37, has been transferred by the DuPont Company from their branch in Hatch, N. Mex., to the main plant at Wilmington, Del. Chipman, accompanied by his wife, formeily Miss Maiy Blind of Lafayette, stopped for a visit heie last week while enroute to Wilmington.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Showers today and tomorrow. Not much change in temperature. Generally fair in the East and North portions tonight. Yesterday’s Temperature: High, 71; low, 43; mean, 57.
By Jim McKee From 4 o’clock until 4:40 yesterday afternoon the two Union Debris offices were jammed with expectant Debris seekeis, eager to get their Maioon and Gold yeai books. In those 40 minutes 400 books were distributed. Almost 40 students turned away empty-handed. Not many left the Union without opening their paper jackets. Margaret Mitchell, in fact, got no further than the green davenpoit outside the Debris office. Groups of two, three, and four scattered all over the building. In the Sweet 'Shop, at one time, every booth held a Debris. A marshmallow coke was spilled on one book as five tiled to lead it. Credit To Editoi's Winnie Giegory and Louis Putze couldn’t find a seat in the Shop, so they took their (Winnie’s) book to the cafeteria. “I started reading light away. It’s swell,” said Winnie.
In his careful political manner Lou said, “It’s the best in the four years I’ve been here. A lot of credit IS due Chuck Ehingei and Art Siebenthal. They’ve done a grand job.” Earl Mai tin and Ruth Osborne stopped just outside the office, but it was too crowded. They had to move to the lobby below. Look at Beauties First Doug Myeis and Olga Reinoehl sipped cokes in the grill as they leafed through their book. “We began at the front and are going light through. We think it’s swell.” Outside the Sweet Shop Vera Hugle was looking through the fraternity section. “I think it’s grand I turned to the beauties fiist.” Mr. Jackson, Union check room boss, stopped his coat checking long enough to take a quick glance through the book. More Books Today “It took about 45 minutes to look at every page,” commented Jackie Nicholson.
Stanback Named Editor; Hensler Heads Business (See editorial, page 2) Harris I. Stanback, ME ’39, will direct editorial policies of Exponent during the coming year, as editor-in-chief. Lowell S. Hardin, Ag. ’39, and Donald A. Bailey, Sci. ’39, will supervise the editorial staff of the paper in its work on six-days-a-week publication —Hardin as managing editor, Bailey as city editor. In charge of Exponent business and financial activities for 1938-39 are Business Manager Robert R. Hensler, PSE ’39, and Asst. Business Manager Milton C. Reeves, ME ’39. McDonald Heads Sports Robert L. McDonald, Sci. ’39 will head the paper’s sports staff as editor of that group. Sally McKee, Sci. ’39, as coed editor, will direct co-ed edi-
torial workers.
These seven University juniors weie elected by Exponent’s electoral board yesterday afternoon to make up the senior personnel of the organization until May, 1939. Outgoing senior officers—Editor R. P. Manion, Managing Editor J. E. Brock, Business Manager D. C. Miller, Asst. Business Manager J. P. Girard, Sports Editor R. F. Obenchain, and Co-ed Editor Elizabeth Pyke—met with Faculty Advisors W. A. Bodden and J. H. McKee in the Agricultural Experiment station conference room at 4:30 to name next year’s staff members. Bodden acted as proxy for Publicity Director T. R. Johnston, third faculty advisor, who is on a fishing
trip in Canada.
Associate Editors Associate editors for 1938-39 are: G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kropehn, D. G. Torino, and J. C. Woodson. Associate co-ed editors include: Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, and Betty Wickard. Assisting McDonald in handling the sports page will be associate sports editors R. J. Deckard, J. A. Hebbeler, and R. Jenkins. On the business side of the paper, E. M. Antonini was elected local advertising manager; V. Daugherty, sales manager; H. W. Nevin, national advertising manager; W. F. Berg, circulation manager; and W. E. Smith, accounts manager. Name Art Director Doris J. Hepninger was selected as art director fo rthe next year. She will work on advertising layouts for the business staff. Five new positions were created by the electoral board . . . that of city editor, an additional associated editorship, the office of sales manager, of accounts manager, and of
art director.
University And Extracurricular Activities Crowd Summer Session Calendar
Convocations, Clinics Forums Are Scheduled With spring semester finals fast approaching, Purdue University and Purdue’s students are now seriously considering Summer Session plans and opportunities. Since April Summer Session catalogs have been available; and a full-packed calendar of both curricular and extracurricular events has been published for several weeks. In addition to the swiftly moving, regular Summer Session classes, the University has arranged a variety of educational “accessories” as
convocations, clinics, and forums. Educational Clinic Teachers and school will meet on the campus during the week of July 11 to 15 for the University’s first Clinic for Educational Leaders. Speakers of national note, including Dr. E. S. Conklin of Indiana University, Dr. F. T. Spaulding of Harvard University, and Dr. E. L. Thorndike of Columbia University, will attempt to answer in Clinic meetings questions such as, “Are We Prepared for Guidance?” and “What Are Some of the Major Educational Problems that Need Immediate Attention?”
Five foi’ums on unrelated, timely subjects will be held under the leadership of Iowa State University’s Dr. Kirk S. Porter. Summer Session admirfistrators arranged these programs, feeling that students should be given the opportunity to hear discussion of some of the country’s most pressing problems, and to participate in those discussions. Intensive Courses Forty-eight intensive unit courses and numerous other special short courses have been scheduled. The intensive courses cover subjects in the fields of agriculture, engineer(Continued on page 2)
Union, Fieldhouse Will Offer Complete Facilities Generously sprinkled through the Summer Session calendar of events this year will be student extracurricular activities . . . dramatic pfoductions, musical programs, games on the green, dances, and athletic contests. Professor O. F. Hall and his student-faculty committee on convocations, social and recreational activities will have charge of most of these summer school entertainments. Eleven summer editions of the Exponent will be published, appear-
ing on Tuesdays and Fridays for the first two weeks, and then assum-, ing Thursday as a regular publication date. Subscriptions to be mailed out, of town will be priced at 50 cents while free papers will be distributed to campus buildings as was •
done last year.
On a large stage at the north end of the Ross-Ade Stadium two outdoor dramas will be presented, featuring all-student casts. Last year an over-flow of talent and energy was volunteered for these productions resulting in the production of a student moving picture, “Korn-
ered in Klondike.”
Four mixers are scheduled for the
Union dance program. Additional tea dances and receptions may be held if student enthusiasm warrants. Meanwhile, all of the Union facilities, including bowling, billiards, and cafeteria sei-vice, will be available for the nine weeks. Purdue’s Fieldhouse, together with all of its sports equipment will be open to students, who may obtain equipment through a check-out service to be inaugurated. The swimming pool will be open for two daily periods of mixed swims, in addition to other periods for separate swimming. “Chief” Clevett will conduct daily swimming instruction elasaeft for local children.
4i«ji .m: ■
£dijttfiiaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
dtunufi.
Tuesday, May 17, 1938
Jha £dUtoh S^asi^: Exponent Elections... . . . lasted only an hour yesterday afternoon. As on sunny May days in previous years, senior officers met with the paper’s faculty advisors in the conference room of Ag Experiment Station ... as the general board of junior and senior staff members have gathered in that building on the comer of the Ag campus at periodic other times this year. But that hour from 4:30 to 5:30—taken up mostly by discussion of new positions on the paper—represents only a fraction of the time spent in consideration of prospective 1938-39 Exponent leaders. When electoral board members first began thinWg seriously of staff-picking procedure, the whole business of judging accurately the relative merits of 40 to 50 sophomore and junior Exponent workers seemed pretty much a problem. How were the best men to be chosen. Without previous notice, on April 4, all candidates for office were given four days to write petitions for specific offices and to name the persons they would like to have work with them, under them, and over them. Reasons were required for all recommendations . . . asked for failure to recommend. Starting with those papers, the electoral board spent two hours reading and discussing petitions and recommendations concerning the senior offices . . . and another two hours, at a later date, talking over prospective junior staff members. Last week Exponent’s six seniors dragged a couple of extra chairs into the editor’s office, called in petitioning workers, one by one, and put them through an informal “third degree.” From 7 o’clock until after midnight passed^ on Wednesday and again on Thursday before the last interview closed. In the meantime, these same interviewees were haunting the faculty advisors’ offices to get in a few minutes of selfpromotion. Now, after fairly living elections for the past five weeks. Exponent’s electoral board proudly presents ... Next Year’s Staff . .. , . . headed by Harris Ingram Stanback, from Owensboro, Ky. When it comes to hard work and resourcefulness, Stanback can hold his own with the best. . . witness the fact that he will graduate in June, 1939, with degrees in both mechanical and electrical engineering after only four years here, and that he has practically a “distinguished” average to show for his work in that direction already . . . witness, also, his Gimlet, Sigma Delta Chi, and Eta Kappa Nu memberships—and now this editorship. Back in his high school days, Harris borrowed money from his dad to start a printing shop of his own , . . with an assortment of type and a hand press, he solicited business and turned out letterheads, bills, labels, envelopes, etc. in the basement of his home—all without assistance. It was there he learned to know and like the smell of printer’s ink. That experience proved helpful to Exponent this year, when the staff found itself with an almost entirely new set of type faces and some modern ideas about make-up. Harris is responsible for putting a large number of those ideas into practice in developing a “streamlined” paper. From the farm comes Managing Editor Lowell Stuart Hardin, from Knightstown in Henry County, Indiana . . . and with him comes a splendid record in 4-H Club and associated work. Only last summer Lowell spent a week in Washington as one of Indiana’s four representatives of this club . . . from there he sent “specials” to Exponent concerning happenings of the week. Lowell has one gripe against the University; Some military instructor gave him one and two-thirds hours of “B” back during his freshman year ... his other grades are either “A” or “H,” his average for five semesters in the animal husbandry department almost 5.5. His farm background has given him an unusual amount of “good horse sense,” and some-
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
«iTfeS
Entered m second clast matter at the i>ost office la Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of March 8, 1878, and at the apeetal rate of postage prorlded for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authoriced Jan. 28, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academie year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus BubBcriptions $8 per year; by mail >8.M.
Edit«r-I»-Chi«(
BuaineM llMwc«r
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBUCATION STAFF
Managing EditorEditor’s Secretary. Associate Editora.
_J. X. Brock
-Margaret Bay
D. A. Bafloy, L. S. C. D. j^hroeder, H. L Stanback, D. X. Yaaoa
Sophomore Assistants—J. Deckard, 6. W. Frediwiek, K. C. Houston, R. B. InsUy, R. L. Koek, W. A. Krooplin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A, Torrence, J. 0.
WoodMn
CO-ED STAFF Editor -JHaisabcth Pyke Associate Editors llary Cocdey, Dorothea Justia, Sally McEeo SPORTS STAFF BMitor A. F, Obenchaln Associate Editors J. 8. Brown, R. U McDonald, B. D. "Wltwer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Besiness Manager. National Advertialng Manager Local Advertising Sfonager. Circulation Idaaagcr —
-.J. P. Girard W. J. GlDGaB X. R. Hanhier „M. 0. Reeves
MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 1917 BnsinsM Phone S0S8
Night Editor—Kroeplin Issue Editor—Micrs Tuesday, May 17, 1938
Allen Will Officiate At Little State Meet Saturday At Richmond Purdue’s freshman track coach, Homer Allen, has accepted an invitation to act as referee and starter of the sixteenth annual Little State track and field championships, to be held at Earlham College, in Richmond this Satuiday. Butler Univeisity, coached by Larry Holmes, last year’s winner in the high and low huxdles, will return as the defending champion. The Bulldogs, with most of their veterans back, aie favored to retain their titular honors, Purdue will not compete in the state tennis tournament to be held at Earlham this week-end,
Convocations, Clinics(Continued from page 1)
ing, home economics, science, physical education, and education. They will last from one to three weeks apiece and are especially designed for persons who will be unable to attend the full nine weeks session. Fees for the Summer Session will total 31 dollais for all regular students, and include student health seivice, activities, and lecreation costs. Laboiatory fees and deposits and chaiges for shoit courses vary, but are all listed in the Catalog. Both leligious and educational convocations are planned. Speakers on the regular convo program will be Dean W. C. Coffey, of Min-
where along the line he has picked up a likeableness that rises above all occasions. Donald Anderson Bailey, our new city editor, comes a long way to study at Purdue and to slave on Exponent—all the way from 213 Harrison street on the West Side. By his sandy hair, his specs, his pointed nose, and his even more pointed wisecracks, ye shall know him ... and by his marvelous memory for facts. Don picked up somewhat of a reputation as a journalist at West Side High School, where he edited the student newspaper . . . and he’s carrying on now as Exponent’s first city editor. We had hoped to say a few words about Business Manager Bob Hensler, who hails originally from Glendale, Cal., whence is issued the famous “streamlined News-Press ... about his assistant. Milt Reeves, one of the steadiest, and most dependable workers this paper has ever een, and who comes from Columbus in Southern Indiana . . . about Sports Editor Bob McDonald, who decreases Dunkirk’s (Ind.) 2,500 population each fall in coming here . . . about another West Sider—Frances Stanley McKee, (Just call her “Sally”), a daughter of Purdue’s Professor McKee, who has taught a number of us Exponent men all we know about journalism . .. but. . . We had hoped to say a few words about a lot of things this year, and we’ve met a few deadlines in trying to do that. . . but when the deadline hour of the deadline day slips up on you, there’s nothing to do but write “thirty.” R. P. Manion, ’38. Election Week... . . . brought a new staff to the Exponent last night. From the six retiring seniors this new staff will take over the reins tonight, assuming all the duties and responsibilities of a college daily’s publication . . . fresh and enthusiastic eager to carry the progressive newspaper they inherit still farther toward the goals of readability, aliveness, and modernity this year’s staff set for themselves. Editorially we hope to adapt the policies employed this year to our own needs, and continue working for the mutual benefit of students and University. We go into office with no axes to grind, and intend to stress helpful suggestion as a substitute for pointless gripe. Styled newswriting will receive particular emphasis, with verve, snap, and interest serving as the desired ingredients of all our “copy.” Many regular Exponent features will be continued . . . Bold and Black, Grin and Bear It, Collegiate, The Week’s News among these. New columns and new services we hope to add from time to time. H. I. Stanback, ’39.
THE KAPPA SIGS . . . ... have elected John Dean as FISH ONE for the year. It seems that he is devoting his fime and money to none other than Caroline “WILLIN’ TO RECEIVE” Shaw. DEAN’S . . . . . . whaling schooner-car to you docks in front of the Exponent office quite regularly. Shaw ain’t missin’ nothin.’ ^ WELL THE WEEK . . . . . . end is over, and it looked as though everyone had an excuse to go over in town and get simonized. The boys that didn’t get elected, the boys that did, and the boys that haven’t. WE WOULD LIKE TO . . . . . . know just what th’ heck those guys that work at the switch board at WRH do when they say, “JUST A MINUTE,” that is, what do they do outside of minding their jobs. IT SEEMS THAT . . . . . . Kappas have taken over Lambs as their official hangout. We noticed they had taken over a corner last Saturday nite, and those cokes did not come straight from the bottle either, girls. IF THEY . . . . . . did, I never saw anyone get that much kick out of one in the Sweet Shop. TRADITIONS ON THIS . . . . , . campus are sadly negelected this year. It used to be when you said “hello” on Hello Walk that you would receive an answer. This year, if you try it you’ll get as cold a reception as a metal toilet seat in Little America. OVERHEARD . . . Soph: “I just won in Union elections.” Friend: “Honestly!” Soph: “Why bi’ing that up ?” Camera Club To Elect Tomorrow Camera Club will meet in the tower room of the Union Building at 7:15 p. m. today to elect officers for the coming year. Officers'll! be preesnted at the spzing picinc to be held at Turkey Run State Park Saturday, May 21, and will take up their official duties at that time. Under the new organization inaugurated this year the Club has quadrupled its membership. It has presented a number of feature programs, a photographic short course, a spring exhibit, and a traveling exhibits now on a tour of the United States. Several prints in the exhibits received national recognition when they were published in Collegiate Digest recently.
C. R. Tufts Speaks At AlChE Meeting C. R. Tufts, technical advisor and chief salesman of the Edison Storage Battery Company, spoke before the members of the American Institute of Chemical Engineers last night at an open meeting held afi 7:30 p. m. in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building.
nesota University; Dr. John G. Kidd of Rockefeller Medical Institute; Dr. W. E. Ecklblaw of Clark University; Dean Dexter Kimball of Cornell University; Gene Tunney, ex-heavyweight boxing champion; and Dr. E. L. Thorndike of Columbia University.
Intramurals CLASS “B” DOUBLES Today—4:15 Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Theta Chi. Beta Theta Pi vs. SPE or Phi Delta Theta. ALL-CAMPUS TENNIS Today—4:15 Monger or Powell vs. G. R. Frye or Schrader. D. P. Morse vs. More.
ARC
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty'
k I’ f'rv ^
TFAfF/^ '&OIOO
if
•' It ^ Copr. 1938 by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.
‘Ask her if she’s got a friend for my bail, too!”
Letters to the Editor
Letters to the editor mast be kept St a reasonable lengrth and mast be socooipanied by the writers’ slgmatares. Unless otherwise requested, the author’s name will be published with hie letter. If, for reasons obrions to onr readers, the editor sees fit to withhold any name, that name will be kept in strict confidence.
Dear Editor: Hats off to WBAA! Last weekend I chanced to turn on my radio in search of some good noon-day program. Strains of the latest songs played in a professional manner soon filled the room and I looked to make a note of the station. It was WBAA! At first I wondered—No it could not be! But it was. The program came to a close with those sweet wor ds, “These recordings have been presented through the courtesy of the McLean Music Company.” Students Are Grateful I don’t know just what transpired or who undertook the job of reconciling forces, but I am sure that the student body is grateful for the reinstatement of this popular noonday melody time. Personally, I would not trade this program and its popular songs and well-known orchestras for any other that I have listened to over the University station. So, again, I say, “Hats off to WBAA.” —G. W. F., EE ’40
ONSLOW (fo-RADlO Picture —also— “RADIO PATROL” No. 8
TODAY — TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
MY OLD KENTUCKY HOME —with— EVELYN VENABLE iGRANT RICHARDS Hall Johnson Singers
Plus— GLAMOROUS NIGHT —with— Mary Ellis—Otto Kruger [victor Jory Barry MacKay
those who were adversely critical, the majority wants the program continued and is definitely “behind it.” I suggest that the editor of “Bold and Black” improve his own work instead of trying to tear down someone else’s. I suggest that he get “on the ball,” as he puts it, make the column humorous if he can, use his own ingenuity instead of relying on contributions, and forget the publicity for his friends about whom the rest of the campus cares nothing. R, D. Linville, ME ’40. Counselors To Hear 6.0. Arbuckle Today Meeting for the last time this spring, the freshmen counselors will gather this afternoon at 4 p. m. to hear G. 0. Arbuckle, manager of the Cary Halls, speak on the most important problems new students experience at Purdue. Mr. Arbuckle has had many years experience in counseling work and aiding freshmen shelve their “difficulties. The meeting will be held in the second floor lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall.
Dear Editor: Since when has “Bold and Black” become a critic’s column for musical programs ? Does the editor of “Bold and Black” know what he’s talking about ? , In the column in Sunday’s edition rn which the Variety Hour was referred to as the “amateur hour” and also as being “off key” and “off the ball,” the editor admitted' he knew nothing about music, though we didn’t have to be told. Therefore, instead of criticism of a program, the remarks degenerated into an illiterate opinion based on nothing but apparent jealousy for some unknown reason. “Behind It” The concensus of public opinion seems to indicate a favorable impression toward the program in question, and, even in the case of
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
(' / ••/♦Ji. rs* /
GEOfiSE BURNS ...SRACIE RILEN MARTHA RAVE BOe HOPE
LUHA TODAY — WEDNESDAY
Selznkk International presents
10MSA! In Technicolor WITH TOMMY KELLY —Plus— POPEYE CARTOON
f*t,
Tuesday. May 17. 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
3 •
Golfers Defeat Ohio State, 10-8 Opening the new Ohio State University golf course Saturday, the Boilermakers defeated the Buckeyes, 10-8. In the doubles matches the Gold and Black golfers were unable to cope with their opponents losing 2-1 and 3-0. The Baske-Dav-id team scored the one point for Purdue. Freese won his singles match, 3-0, David took his 2%-%, Peterson downed his opponent 2-1, and Baske’s match ended in a tie.
DOUBLE EXPOSURE
PALM BEACH Palm Beach is a twoway cool suit.... First, there’s the “open windowed” weave of the genuine cloth — to let your body breathe. Then there’s the padless, unlined tailoring to give every breeze its chance to reach you. Double exposure for humid days and nights —and douhle satisfaction for your money— for all our Palm Beach Suits are priced at the season’s record low of
«17.75 Towne Blues and Browns for day . . . Smart whites for night.
^uUjumiu ^ INC.
Tennis Team Wins Week-End Meets At Michigan, Armour Tech, 4-3 Each
Coach LaBree’s tennis squad made a clean sweep in its week- Af CsmiVS!
end trip by taking Michigan at Ann Arbor and Armour Tech at
Chicago to the tune of 4-3 apiece.
At Michigan, Fuente defeated Levenson 3-6, 7-5, 6-3 and Gardner won over Morris 6-4, 6-3 to take the first two singles matches for Purdue, but Michigan came back strong as Kidwell outpointed Blitz, 6-1, 3-6, 6-4, Woolsy took Jackson 6-2,^ 6-3, and Cohen beat Mann 7-5, 6-2, to take the last three matches and leave the score at that point 3-2 for Michigan.
However, the Boilermakers’ dou-
Four Frosh Score In AAU Track Meet
Four Boilermaker frosh trackmen entered unattached, the AAU track meet which was held in conjunction with the Cotton Carnival at Memphis, Tenn., Friday night, and took four places in three of the events for the best showing any Purdue group has ever made in this
meet.
Play Third Game of Tiger Series At Varsity Field; Arnold Bredewater To Pitch Part of Contest “Dutch” Fehring’s baseball squad will meet the DePauw nine this afternoon on Varsity Field at 4 o’clock in what will be the Boilermakers’ last non-conference tilt of the season. In their two previous encounters this season, the Boilermakers and the Methodist have split honors each winning one game. On April 16 DePauw caiiie here and beat “Dutch's” aggi'egation, 6-3, and a week ago yesterday the Gold and Black squad traveled to Greencastle and licked DePauw on its home field,
8-6, in 11 innings.
bles combinations saved the day when Gardner and Puente downed Cohen and Percival, 3-6, 7-5, 6-3, and the Blitz-Mann duo defeated Kidwell and Woolsy 6-2, 3-6, 7-5 to win the meet with Michigan, 4-3. In the last doubles match Blitz and Mann were at the wrong end of a 2-5 score in the final and deciding
set of the meet when they rallied and won five straight games. Armour Tech Meet Armour Tech proved less difficult for the Riverter squad as Jackson and Mann won their single matches in straight sets, Puente took his match in three hard-fought sets.
SHE'S 0
TO TOM'S
Join her and the gang for a delicious snack. If you're hungry — try our appetizing lunches and dinners.
E S T A
T
RYTEX VACATION SPECIAL PRINTED S TAT I O N E R Y
The smart host or hostess will buy boxes and boxes of this smart Printed Stationery for Summer lodge, camp or cottage RYTEX VACATION SPECIAL is smart for every letter writing purpose . . . and specially priced for May Only . . . $1.
100 SHEETS
100 ENVELOPES
Two Sizes . . . Flat Sheet or Double Sheet of smooth White Vellum printed with Name and Address on Sheets and Envelopes.
HAYWOOD'S
Sth and Ferry Sts.
Lafayette. Ind.
Ted Tycocki placed first in the broad-jump, and Fred Verink took third in the same event. Bob Holderman took fourth in the mile and Weber rated a fourth in the shot
put.
Intramural
Baseball Results Sigma Alpha Epsilon, 4; Acacia, 1. Ward 13,10; Cary Hall 5, 9. Alpha Gamma Rho, 4; Alpha Kap-
pa Lambda, 1.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
FOR RENT—During summer session; light rooms, single beds. 21 N. Salisbury. Phone 35413.
FOR RENT—One nice room and bath. Phone Mrs. Elkins 76881.
FOR SALE—Flower shop, two greenhouses, with duplex adjoining, five-car garage; established 22 years; located in central Indiana. Excellent bargain for $3,000 cash, remainder in payments. Address replies to P. O. Box 226, Lafayette, Indiana.
WANTED—Two girls or man and wife to occupy large, clean room in quiet pleasant home. 224 Sheetz, West Lafayette.
FOR SALE—Summer formal with black Palm Beach trousers; also Model T Ford. Both bargains. Call Chisman—2670.
EXCELLENT ROOMS — And board for men. Adequate showers. Mrs. Dray, 40 N. Salisbury. Phone 2670.
Bredewater To Pitch Fehring will probably start Arnold Bredewater on the mound this afternoon, but is not planning to let him work the full nine inning’s as Arnold’s services will be needed in the two-game series at Columbus, O., with the Buckeyes this coming week-end. Either Higgins or Warner Avill assist Bredewater. Purdue's regular starting lineup will probably be used with Stamm, Dickinson, and Dean in the outfield. Mackiewicz at third, Thompson at short, Hearne on second. Waling on first, and either Art Bredewater or Howie McAfee behind the plate. Ohio State Saturday The Boilermakers will continue their Big Ten schedule this Friday and Saturday against Ohio State. This series may easily determine who is to hold second place in the conference as the Buckeyes have a record of four wins and three defeats as compared to Purdue’s four wins and two defeats.
THREE NICE ROOMS—For the summer session. Prices reasonable. Phone Mrs. Cassady, 2904.
LOST—Schenectady high school ring May 13. Reward. McLane, 321 Vine. Phone 5290.
ROOMS — For summer school. Near the Campus. Neat, comfortable. 437 Vine Street.
WANTED—Capable student to organize boarding club for summer term. Call in person at 5 Waldron.
FOR RENT — Desirable front room for summer session. 112 W. Wood. Telephone 56752.
THESES—Typing or term reports done reapnably. Phone 56772 after 5 p. m.
FOR RENT—Cool rooms with single beds. Continuous hot water. 5 Waldron. Telephone 2671.
FOR RENT—Single or double rooms, one block from campus for summer session. Phone 75183.
DESIRABLE ROOMS—For the summer school students. 212 Wiggins.
ROOMS—For summer students. Have sevei’al large airy rooms. Hot water at all times. Priced reasonable. 1028 State street. Phone 7014.
TO INSTRUCTORS — Desirable rooms for rent during summer and fall sessions. 212 Wiggins.
FOR RENT—Rooms for summer students. Opposite Union Building. Also apartments. 128 North Grant. Phone 2640.
SUMMER ROOMS—Across from Union Building. Continuous hot water. 415 State. Phone 5734.
TYPING—Theses, term papers, etc. Reasonable rates. Elise Duncan, 143 South Grant. Phone 56182.
FOR RENT—Student rooms for summer. 127 Sylvia. Phone 65592.
FOR RENT—8 room furnished house one block from campus, June 15 to August 15. Call 51153.
ROOM AND BOARD—For summer students. Single or double rooms. 429 Wood street.
COOL ROOMS—Near campus. Summer rates. Phone 3201.
WILL PERSON—^Who found the brown leather sports coat in Purdue Hall 311, April 29, please call Jim Hebbeler, 46784. Reward.
ROOM AND BOARD—For summer session students. 301 State. Telephone 4271.
ROOMS FOR RENT—For summer session. Inner-spring mattresses. Phone 35931.
FOR RENT—Rooms in a desirable home. Special rates for the summer. 224 Waldron. Phone 65832.
Three motion pictures “The Builders,” “The Frog,” and “Velocity of Chemical Reactions” will he shown in the auditorium of Michael Golden Shops at 4:00 o’clock today and tomorrow. “The Builders” centers around the construction of a huge skyscraper and shows the specialized artisans at work. “The Frog” portrays the entire life cycle of the most represented amphibian. League Standings NATIONAL LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. New York 18 4 .818 Pittsburgh 13 9 .591 Chicago 14 11 .560 Cincinnati 12 11 .522 St. Louis 10 12 .455 Boston 9 11 .450 Brooklyn 10 16 .385 Philadelphia 5 15 .250 Yesterday’s Results Philadelphia, 12; New York, 3. Boston, 5; Brooklyn, 4. AMERICAN LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. Boston 16 8 .667 Cleveland 15 9 .625 New York 14 9 .609 Washington 16 12 .571 Detroit 10 13 .435 Chicago 8 11 .421 Philadelphia 7 14 .333 St. Louis 7 17 .292 Yesterday’s Results Cleveland, 4; Philadelphia, 3. Detroit, 13; Washington, 7.
DEAC’S uy Second Hand College Books Every Day— e Are Buying Them Today H. G. “Deac” Reisner Book and Supply Store1
^toatL dctA.
THE PqBDHE EXPONENT
%aUaiA.
Tuesday, May 17, 1938
Cachet Will Appear On Outgoing Air Mail National An Mail week, celebiated thi<5 ^eal fioiii May 15 to 21, IS of special impoitance to Lafayette because of the fact that the fiist mail to be dispatched by an in the United Stetes yas earned by Piofessoi John Wise, a well known aeionaiitical expeit of his day, on Ainrust 17 1859 The sack of mail, containing' 123 lettei s destined foi Ney "ioik, yas earned aloft by the balloon ‘‘Jupitei ” A.lthoinrh an effoit was made to ha^e LafaM-tte included as one of the cities foi the “fiist day of issue” foi the ney an mail stamp, the post ofnee depaitment decided that the tlieht ol Pi ofessoi Wise yas not impoitaiit enough to yaiiant it Hoyecei, a local cachet maik yill be placed on all letteis sent by an mail fiom Lafayette duimg An Mail M eek Debaters Elecf^Next Officers At Banquet Tail Kappa 41pha debate honoiam elected ofliceis foi the coming \ eai at a banejuet in the Memoiial L nion Building Sunday evening Those elected yeie R A. Buckles, inesident, Don Paailbeig, yice-'tne-ideiit, Chailotte Locknei, secit-taic-tieasuiei, and L S Winch, as iacultc sponsoi Thiee ney membeis yeie also toimalh initiated Chailotte Lochnei AI M Kainoysky, and Don Paailbeig Plans yeie discussed foi reyiymg the open foium meetings that have been held in foimei yeais Tau Kappa A^lpha IS a foiensic oiganization foi the piomotion of speech actiMties among Univeisit> students
New Officers Neyly elected heads of the Exponent spoits, co-ed, and editoiial staffs and new associate editoi s meet in East side office at 7 30 tonight —HARDIN.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Forestry Club: Meeting Tuesday, May 17, at 7 30 p m in the Horticulture Building —GLAZEBROOK
Senior Military Seniors may get their pictures b> calling at Hinea’s Studio 17) —PICKERING Gimlet Dinner mcetmt, Wednesdav, Ma'V m it C 15 p m at the Delta Upsilon houbc Elections will be held -BROWN P Men s Meeting Tuesday, May 17 at " 10 I) m in the reception room of the Union ANDERSON Forestry Club Will the following men please report Tuesday May 17, at 4 p m in the Hoiticulture Building Madden, Kelsey Stivei Winger Claik Hesteiburg, Winter Glasgow Steele Van Camp Blackwell Haynes Reeves Sinninger Williamsc n and Randel - NICHOLS, BLINE riving and Glider Clubs Open meeting in the riccption room of the Union on Wednesday May 18 at 7 30 Lieut Brown of the Aims Air Corps will speak on blind flying —SKINNER Camera Club Impoitant meeting Tucs day 7 1) p m in the tower room of the LTnion Building Union election of officeis and discussion of pictures that were in the spiing exhibit - WILLIAMSON Varsity Track Men Report to Stadium Wcelnesel iv May 18 at 4 p m foi Debris picture —ROPER
Triton Meeting lutsday May 17 at jO p m in Memorial Gym —JORGESON
Chinese Students Club There will be a meeting of the Club Saturday May 21 in loom C of the Union Building at 1 p m It IS import int that all membei S be piesont -SOO-HOO Stage Stump Studio No baneiuet tickets will be sold after 5pm Wednesday Ma\ 18 Tickets are available at PI lyshop of flee in Fowlei Hall speech office, and radio station office —MILNE Cosmopolitan Club A shoit meeting will be held fiom 7 to 7 30 p m Tuesday May 17 in room D of the Union Everyone having tickets please attend —CARACCIOLO
Alpha Phi Omega Theie will be an impoitant meeting in room F of the Union Tuesday May 17 at 7 30 p m All mem beis and pledges be present —WADLEIGH
Camera Club' There will be a short busi ness meeting in the towel room Tuesday May 17 at 7 15 p m —WEST
the Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC'^ Everything for a College Education H. G. ROSNER SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student • Professional The Risk Dental Clinic
DS. FAUL A. SISK DR. HAKOUD J. RISK DR. ROBBBT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Jewelry
R. I. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R.C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do but w© do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St Opposite Post Office
Hardware
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Garden Seed — Plants — Tools and Supplies West Lafayette
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
• Shoe Repair BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop Ib the VARSITY BOOT SHOP • Florist' Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mam at 7th Phone 6050 » Lockimith "C" CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS Open Evenings Ph 2291 ’ State-Main, W L
• Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _ ^
SUIIoMiy .
Weddins Invitation*
PHONE - Sal.. Book., Etc.., 2 62 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
WAA Social Committee: Will the following girls please be in Miss Brady’s office Thursday, May 19 at 4 o’clock, C Scott M Wetgel, V Beck, B Roderick, M L Riley —DANIEL
Tau Beta Pi. Initiations postponed until next week (6-21) —MUSHAM
PIA Beginners and Advanced Dance Classes Dance will be held Friday, May 20 at 9 p m m Duncan Hall You will be admitted upon presentation of your dance class card —CLYMER
Union Freshmen Workers: All freshman workeis meet in the Union office at 4 p m ’Tuesday May 17 All freshmen interested in Union woik may leport at this time Work to complete questionnaire —GARLAND
Pi Tau Sigma The golf match with the faculty has been postponed until Thursday, May 10 Meet at 4 p m on that day in fiont of the Mechanical Building Iwen-t>-one men are needed so call me at 2004 if vou wish to play —McCAULEY
Chi Epsilon: Election of next year’s officers will be held Tuesday, May 17, at 7 30 p m in loom B of the Memorial Union Building All members are requested to be present —WALING Cadet Officers’ Luncheon Committc: Meeting at 5 p m Tuesday, May 17, in Col Pickciings office in the Armory —BEHRENDS WAA Baseball • Tuesday, May 17, at 4 p m fieshmen vs sophomores, juniois vs seniors Wednesday May 18 at 4 p m freshman vs juniois , sophomores vs seniors Thursday, May 19, at 4 p m freshmen ve seniors sophomores vs juniois —MAIRER Playshop • Check your hours in playshop office by Thursday, May 19, between 4 and 5 o’clock —BREWER
Exponent Editorial Freshmen' Turn your night preferences and your examination schedules in to my box befoie Friday, May 20 —HARDIN
You’ll Soon Be Putting Away Your Winter Clothes Have them cleaned by Crown . . . they are moth proofed by the MONITE Process as they are being cleaned.
Cro
NO EXTRA CHARGE .
mmsY
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
Pan-Hellenic Council Both old and new members meet in loom D of the Union at ) p m Tuesday May 17 —STOLZ
Grace Moore Andre Kostelanetz PAUL WHIIEMAN Deems Taylor Paul Douglas
.. /“Ae intematimal code for MORE SMOKING PLEASURE Smokers the world over know that They Satisfy is the signal for more smoking pleasure. Chesterfields are made of mild ripe tobaccos —home-grown and aromatic Turkish—and pure cigarette paper . . . the best ingredients a cigarette can have. With Chesterfields you are always sure of refreshing mildness, more pleasing aroma and better taste. ...giving MORE PLEASURE to a whole world of smokers Copyright 1938, Liogdtt & Mybrs Tobacco Co