ii.r-’ ? -'-i >"■ ».. Z'z .' ►'• ?z
iVi tff
t-^ '‘■^ <1 ’f s 'a J
i- fV ^V. ^
^ A / . ^
#4^ w -< y^a,,, f J t ^ * I,#i (ti'■'^^ <1 f A. j. , 5-f, , i /^^■'.
F ^ h ^ r lA (•^ 4 (■ , m/ ^ J-. t« •' ' S . »A i f f
. U)f, t' " i Wf ' ! jZ iTs v~ 'i
f ‘ m '/
r ^ f
// i
(Eht Puriiuc fSxpanent
l^u^lished Dail;^ by Students of Purdue University
VOLtJME XLVin
MFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, SEI»TBMBER 30, 1936
NUliBEB 1$
Dark Future
With Fascism
Says Dr. Koo Medieval History Foimdation For Present Hay Dictatorships
Camera Oiih To Hold Open Meeting Thursday
Camera club holds its initial meeting tomorrow night at 7:16 o’clock in the reception lounge of the Union Building. Everyone interested in this form of activity is cordially in vited.
Speaking <jn international relations, their causes and cures, Dr. T. Z. Koo last night talked to a group of approximately 260 students and townspeople in Eliza Fowler Hall. He was introduced ^y L. B. Saunders, president of the religious council. t With excellent and precise English, Dr. Koo asked in his opening remarks why, with our present position of advanced education, we should be faced with this state of confused and dangerous international affairs. He blamed this upon the fact that we have not been able to properly organize our lives so as to avoid the dangers of international discontent resulting in war. To thoroughly explain his point, he reverted to western history. History As Example Before the Dark Ages, Rome was the center of all social, religious, and governmental functions. Consequently, when the Barbarian Invasion destroyed ancient Rome, chaos resulted. Out of this condition two general movements took their place. The first, promoted by the churches, resulted in a center for the aforesaid social, religious and governmental functions; the second was the arising of human knowledge built under the “queen of sciences— theology”. The two movements comprised the Middle Ages. Then came the time when the princes of individually formed states Wanted to break away from the Pope and form their own governments. Herein lies the beginnings of Fascism. Each state wished to do as it pleased with little regard as to the feelings of its neighboring states. Dr. Koo feels that until we have agreement through consideration to others, the modern world cannot have peace. The future cannot he with Fascism. Follow history to find your reasons. Prospective NarrowEven now we are graduating men from college as experts in their particular field, knowing very little of the departments to which they are not directly connected. A broader point of view is necessary in the coming generations. Following the meeting a small group met behind the stage. The question was asked whether or not it would be worth while fo;r the United States to consider disarmament. Dr. Koo’s answer was that it would be relatively useless unless cooperation were obtained from the other countries. He stated, however, that it would not be above the courage of this American nation to start the movement toward peace.
Dolphin Club To Give Mixer
AIEE Open Meeting Tonight In Union
Joe McCartney’s Band Will Furnish Music In Distinctive Style
Glee Club Will Sing For Poultry Men’s Dinner
University Men’s Glee club will sing for the Indiana State Poultry Association at their annual dinner at the Home Economics Cafeteria at 7:30 tonight. The Glee club will present a short program of well-known songs with Charlotte Friend Stewart, soprano soloist. William Douglas, who is the piano player for Bud Bryant’s orchestra, is accompanist for the Glee club.
Capt. Dayton Returns From Philippine Post Captain H. C. Dayton, of the U. S. Army, an^ formerly of the Purdue military department, and Mrs. Dayton, are on their way home from the Philippines, where Captain Dayton has been stationed for the past two years. He was assistant professor of military science and tactics while here, and also freshman wrestling coach. Since then h© has served at Port Bragg, N. C., and Madison Barracks, N. Y.
’ When a young man at Hiram College, Hiram, 0., goes to see a young lady, he isn’t “dating,” bqt in the campus language, he is “perching”.
Joe McCartney and his orchestra, returned to college dance circles after an absence of two years during which time they have been playing hotel and night club engagements all over the country, will furnish music for a dance in the Union Friday night, sponsored by the Dolphin club. During his professional work, McCartney used the name Johnny
Courtney which you may have heard in connection with the “Name-
band” at the “Old Vienna Restaurant ’neath the shadows of Carew Tower in the Netherlands Plaza of downtown Cincinnati” from where he broadcast over the Mutual Broadcasting System two to three times a week. Tiring of professional music, the boys in the orchestra have re-en-tered college to complete their education and make a bid for America’s leading college dance orchestra. Members of the organization include two “swing” arrangers and two “sweet” arrangers which accounts for the distinctive style of their music.
Fall get-together of the A, I. E. E. for all E. E. students and facility will be held tonight in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. The purpose of this get-together is to acquaint the freshman prospective E. E.’s and every sophomore E. with the faculty, junior and senior E. E. ’s. Refreshments will be served and entertainment will follow. An account of A. I. E. E. convention will be given by Prof. D. T. Canfield, which will include many aspects of electrical engineering.
Convo Seats To Be Limited
EnroUment Increase Necessitates Denying Seats To Public
300 Join PIA In Latest Drive
Setting its goal at 1,000 members, the Purdue Independent Association has launched its annual membership campaign under the leadership of Nelson M. Parkhurst. More than 300 have now joined the organization which sponsors many activities and dances for independent students on the campus. This year’s program includes three big dances in the Union ballroom, six tea dances, and six monthly parties besides the P. I. A. orchestra, dramatics, chorus, and a dance class.
Kelly-Kames Wedding Planned For New Year
Announcement has been received of the approaching marriage of Miss Virginia Kelley to Mr. W. G. Karnes. The wedding will take place during the first part of next year, however. Miss Kelley plans to leave her position at Cary Hall the first of October. 'I Miss Kelley graduated from Purdue in 1936 and is a member of the Alpha Chi Omega sorority. While in school she was a member of Mortal Board and in 1936 was co-^ed editor of the Debris. Since graduktion she has held a position in the office of Cary Hall. Mr. Karnes attended the University of Illinois and is a member of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity. The couple will reside in Chicago.
Wesley Foundation Plans Hayride For Friday Night
All those intending to participate in the hayride sponsored by Reverend McFadden, of the Wesley Foundation, which will start at 7 p. m, Friday, must register at the Foundation House before tomorrow.
William Taylor, 12, Indianapolis, was treated at St. Elizabeth hospital for a badly cut wrist suffered in a fall at the Purdue-Ohio game Saturday.
PLAYSHOP TICKETS
Tickets for “Ladies of the Jury” will go on sale Friday at 4 o’clock at the Playshop desk in the Memorial Union Building. “Ladies of the Jury” is to be presented on October 8 and 10 at 8:30 o’clock in Duncan H«ll.
AU ME’s Invited
To ASME Meeting
All mechanical engineers are invited te the opening meeting at the student branch of the A. S. M. E. tomorrow evening at 7:30 o'clock in M. E. 207. There will be a short and interesting meeting following with refreshments in the steam lab. Announcement will be made of the year’s program, including several new features. Students will be given an opportunity to enroll in the branch’s activities, beginning with a meeting Friday, October 9, which will feature William B. Stout, noted engineer and designer.
Wesley Classes Probe Boy-Gu*! Relations
Due to the tremendous increase in the student enrollment at Purdue University for the present academic year, which will make it necessary to conserve all available space for the student body, it will be impossible to offer seats to the general public for this season’s series of convocations and public lectures, it was announced last night by Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the committee in charge. The official statement issued by Prof. Gunn follows: “The committee on convocations and public lectures regrets to have to inform the good friends of the University who have enjoyed the privilege of attending convocations and lectures in years past that on account of the great increase in the number of students it has become necessary to limit attendance to members of the University itself. No seats are to be reserved, and only a limited nuipbe|r of tickets are tojbe sbld to the University staff. “These attractions are intended first of all for the students and are made possible by student fees. If the students attend in the same proportion as in recent years, some may have to be denied admittance. “The committee asks the cooperation of the public in making room for the student body at these student functions.” It was pointed out that the student convocation tickets are not transferable, and students will be required to rigidly observe the stipulation in regard to non-transfer-ability of the tickets. Tickets presented at the door by other than the rightful owners will be automatically taken up and those who present them will be denied admission.
Regular discussion classes of the Wesley Foundation, led by Mrs. McFadden, on boy-girl relations, and by Rev. McFadden on “The Teachings of Jesus” will meet at the Foun dation House at 7 p. m. today. This boy-girl class is for those who have never “gone steady”. At 9 p. m. the advance class, designed for those who have or are “going steady” or are engaged, will meet at the McFaddens’ home at 206 Pierce Street.
PIA To Start
Weekly Plays
Plans For Radio Stage Near Completion;Registration Tomorrow
Dr. Hadley To Speak To Religious Forum
The Purdue Student Forum will meet tomorrow evening at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Dr. Hadley, of the mathematics department, will speak on “Religion Makes A Difference”.
Poultry Group Opens Annual Meeting Here
Fisk Singers To Give Convo
Starting next Saturday, the Radio Stage, broadcast weekly over WBAA, will be sponsored by the Purdue Independent Association. Positions on the cast will not be limited to members of the association only, but will be open to the entire student body. , Registration wilLbe Jield injjhe 1^^. I. A. office tomorrow at 4 p. m. There is need for both men and women actorS, musicians, announcers, and anyone interested in participating in this activity. No previous experience is necessary. The play for next Saturday has not yet been decided upon, but will be chosen before registration. Gilbert Dunbar Williams, of the University speech department, will again direct the production.
CHEER LEADERS
All freshman cheer leaders who tried out at the Armory report at the gym at 4 o’clock. —BURNELL.
Cooperative House Begins First Year On Campus Successfully
Late last spring a short notice in the Exponent read something like this: “All students interested in living cooperatively meet at tonight.”
Some 18 or 20 students attended this meeting. They were largely of two groups—groups who were dissatisfied with their rooming and boarding conditions. To these individuals cooperative movements were not new. Thqy had studied cooperative movements m other colleges and universities, notably in the west, and were all, for the most part, connected with cooperative work in some way. , First Meeting In this first meeting and the few which followed, a plan for organizing a cooperative house here wa^ worked out. After a time, a house was located and leased and each member of the group, which had now become the Purdue Student Cooperative Association, chipped in hve dollars to aid in purchasing the necessary furniture, cooking utensils, etc. Behind the whole movement, how’ever, there needed to be someone to advise and assist. There the Indiana Farm Bureau, itself a cooperative organization and a friend of other cooperative activities, proved an invaluable aid. As a result of all this, twenty fellows are now living at No. 1 University Street. The P. S. 0. A. is actually in operation. Too, these fel-
Internationally Famous Group Comes Here Tuesday Night
Hailed throughout the United States and foreign countries of Europe, the Fisk Jubilee Singers will present a concert in the Memorial Gymnasium for the first convocation of this year. The program will be given next Tuesday evening at 8 o’clock. These eight negroes, including their woman leader, come from Fisk University, of Nashville, Tenn. Their rendition of the more popular American negro spirituals has been acclaimed by newspapers as upholding the tradition that the Fisk singers are the foremost purveyors of negro spirituals.
Kintner, ME ’94,
Inventor, Dies
lows consider themselves fortunate for there are already 60 on the waiting list and some 200 have indicated their interest in such an organization. “We do everything,” co-house manager Swanson explained while showing us through the house. “Of course, our house-mother, Mrs. Murphy, still has to supervise the cooking ,but we hope to improve as we go along.” “And we only have to work about 6 hours a week including the time we spend in the kitchen and on other house work,” aomeone spoke up. “What I like about it as much as anything is the improvement in study room conditions over those of the rooming houses,” said Max Munsen, one of the two purchasing agents. “You see, here everyone has an interest in everything. We are really all partners, and if anything gets broken, it costs us, not the landlord.” “Then you plan to make this a permanent organization?” I asked. “Yes, by all means,” answered Hull. “And now,” I inquired, after having looked into every room, including a peek at the kitchen, “what do you figure yqur bill per month win run?” “Our budget calls for 18 dollars a month and the way things are working out, it lOOhB 88 if WU WOQldlt’t have any trouble,” replied co-house-
Samuel M. Kintner, vice president and research director of the Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company, one of Purdue’s most distinguished engineering alumni, died at his home in Pittsburgh, Pa., Monday evening, following a lingering illness. Kintner, who was graduated from the school of mechanical engineermg in 1894, ha<J an outstanding rec ord in toe field «f engincerix^ rec search anH invention, and in 1932 was honored by Purdue when he was granted the honorary degree of doctor of engineering. He was the author of innumerable scientific works. During his undergraduate days, he was a member of both the football and baseball teams and also served as the business manager of the Exponent. He was a member of Sigma Chi fraternity.
Pretty Boy! Cave Man! Play Boy!
Short, broad-shouldered cave men with muscle rippling down their backs are the type of men Playshop wants for “ThC Hairy Ape.” A flock of handsome brutes of the “pretty boy” type to dress in officers unifoims and run a boat, and then a few “play boys” to prance about in formal attire. Ladies, too, are being sought. Pompous fat women, rich, puffy women of the lorgnette type, and tall, slender, beautiful women. An enormous cast is to be selected. Former Playshop experience is not necessarily needed. Those interested must register at the Playshop office today at 4 o’clock. Specific time for tryouts will be assigned.
manager Frank DelaCroix. “Eighteen a Month? Boy I don’t see how you do it.” “Well, we-ve just shown you as we’ll be glad to show anyone who is interested,” said Munsen. “Just tell them to drop arouiid and see us. We are glad to show our house to anyone.”
“I sure will,” I promised faithfully as I rather reluctantly slipped out the door. You see it was almost dinner time and from the odor which came from the kitchen, either Mrs. Mui'phy or one of her assistants was doing a very good job of reminding me of the fact.
Dean Skinnar To Extend WelcomeTo Dele-
gates At First Session
bleen'
The eighteenth anntad meeting of the Indiana State Poolfity Associstion opens at 10:30 o’clock this morning in the Poultry Building. President Hobart Creighton, Warsaw, Ind., president of the association, will deliver his report and make appointments to start the first ses-
sion of the meeting.
Dean and Director J. H. Skinner, of the University, will extend a welcome to the delegates at 10:46. The welcome will befoUowed hy a discussion of the 1937 poultry oif^ look and recent developments affecting hatcherymen delivered by Reese V. Hicks, Kansas City, Mo., executive secretary of the I. B. C. A. Roy E. Roberts and Leon Todd, of the University poultry department; T. S. Townsley, of the Smitii Dicnbator Company, and Dr. M. A. JuU, University of Maryland and former head of the federal poultry experimental farm, will speak at the aft-
ernoon session.
Phillip C. Endres, chairman of the baby chick department, Frankfort, Ind., will lead a discussion on “National Poultry Improvement” which will close the aftemegm prog^ram.
Dinner Tonight
The baby chick department supper and conference is scheduled for this evening at 7:30 in the Home Economics BuUding cafeteria. President Creighton andIMr. Endres will speak. Roy D. Girard, Tipton, Ind., will lead a discussion on “Hatchery Problems in Indiana”. The poultry meeting wiU continue tomorrow and Friday. Tomorrow will be the day for poultry raisers and Friday will be “Turkey Day”,
According to a statement made by County Clerk Raymond Schnaible, the registration office for voters on the first floor of the court house will be kept open Friday night until 9 p. m., all day Saturday until 9 p. m., and, if necessary, until midnight Monday, the last day of voting registration.
Alpha Zeta Plans Frosh Reception
A reception for freshman agricultural students will be conducted at 7:30 o’clock Friday night at the livestock judging pavilion. The reception is being sponsored* by Alpha Zeta, general agricultural honorary. Stunts wrill be presented by eight agricultural dubs. Group games will be played and refreshments served.
Leading Psychologists Called By Renim^s
Dr. H. H. Remmers, of the Purdue University education department, left last night for Cleveland, Ohi4h> where he has called a meeting today of an advisory committee of nine leading psychologists and educators to consider the problems connected with the study of “Attitude of American Youth” which is to be undertaken under the auspices of the American Youth Commission.
WRH Elects Officers
After over a week’s contenqila. tion of the coming election of officers for the Residents HaH club^ members chose Louise BcMekle^ for president; Georgianna Baker, vice president and social chairman; and Patricia Henry, treasurer, at a meeting held Thursday night in the Women’s Residen<% HalL
TEMP Y
By Tempy Here I am. You doxi*t khow mb yet, but you will. My boss, the Editor, fust hired me. I’m going to teM you all about the weather each day. How do I know what the weaHtior will he? Well, I have a remarkable twL When it (the toil) ife cold, it (tha weather) wRlhehot, Of course, it’s rather hard for nre to observe my taR, but with the aid of mirrors and special ^^feelers’* FH give you the correct ^HaR-atore** reading each day^ Hei^ I go, Tcday wIK be eeol and rioudy but tumerre# wrill be, wet, ^
h
^ 7 .iJf ^*
' t
ihi <*'1^ ^ (
ii' fi ^ ^
A' ‘ .
INiPto
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
< ^ t ^
' ^ V% V, , h
Wediifesday^ September 30> 158^
f i' 5 !e 1
l1,
5 5
1® f
<
)
'a I-
Platform Point No. 2— The Honorary Situation
HomwAKy organizations on the campus have been a favorite subject for attack in the last few years. Some students are jealous because they wer^ pot selected; some are disgusted at the high fees; some are disappointed because these high fees necessitated refusal of membership when oflEered; soipe see no sense in the large number of such groups which apparently have no purpose. It is time that the question be thoroughly cmiMdeted and a decision for pr against honoraries be presented. There are no two honoraries exactly alike. Some have low fees and no purpose. Some have high fees and are very active. Each group is a problem in itself. Some may be condemned, but others can only be praised. A number of people have said, “Why bother about honoraries ? After all, it’s up to the person in question if he wants to join or not. If he thinks fees are too high, let him stay out. If he thinks the honorary IS useless, he can refuse to join if he wishes.” That is true to a limited extent. The thing neglected in this line of reasoning is the human element. No person likes to refuse an honorary organization, because he feels it will help his campus standing. If he does refuse, either because he cannot alFord it or because he di&lihes the organization, he knows that students in general will not know that he had been approached apd thipk that he was not considered good enough. In order to keep up with Joe Jones, many students have paid fees which might better have been spent on food pr clothing. Very few men object to fees under five dollars, but when the fee rises to ten, twenty or twenty-five dollars, there is a definite objection. Where does the money from these fees go? Most of the money m the higher fees goes to the national orgamzation. It will be noticed that the groups with low fees are those which are local in character. What return is obtained from the fees sent to national offices? Very little, in most organizations, but in a very few cases great benefit results. Why are fees still ho high? Because these national offices know which side their bread is butteied on, and refuse to lower thmr rates.
The question of uselessness now comes upon us. The purpose of most of the campus honoraries is good fellowship and recognition of scholastic or activity achievements. I cannot question the value of these two points, but I can question the thoroughness with which such aims are carried out. In addition, if the aims are these, and these only, why limit membership in the organization to a certain definite group ? Why not throw out requirements of scholastic or activity achievements ? There'pre many honoraries which profess to have high and helpful purposes. In some cases, such as with the Tau Beta Pi tutoring service, good is actually done. In many other instances, however, the activity actually amounts to awarding a trifling prize for an essay, conducting an “inspection trip” for freshmen, or holding a smoker. These things have value, but are they really good reasons for existence ? Duplication is another feature which can be held against the present honoraries. Why is it necessary to have four honoraries in the school of agriculture ? Why is it necessary to have an honorary in each engineering division as well as one for the school as a whple? These are questions to which there is no entirely satisfactory answer. The Exponent this year has gone on record as opposing useless honoraries and advocating the lowering of fees. We propose to aid in the accomplishment of this aim through a program of education to be carried OB in this column and possibly elsewhere in the paper. The Student Senate of two years ago “investigated” the honorary situation under the supervision of a faculty member. Nothing was ever said or done toward correcting the present system. I shall be pleased to receive communications from officials of all honoraries who believe that their organizations can successfully defend themselves. Later in the year we intend to send out a questionnaire asking for definite information as to fees and activities. From the results of this and the article written by officers, as requested above, we will divide honoraries into two classes—those which are satisfactory and those which are unsatisfactory, either because of excessive fees or uselessness. Proper publicity will be given these findings.
$urliue exponent
Founded in 1883
1936-1937 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of COLLEGIATE DIGEST
Member of Nationul CttUtge Press Association, Bis Ten Editorial Association ExcluMTCly B^resented by National Adyertisinr Serrice, Inc. 42D Masson Avenue, New Yoric City
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.50 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year: sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Xditor-in-Chief— MsAagmg Editor— Associate Editors ~
EDITORIAL STAFF, _ - W. T. Hunt B. H. Morris K A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
SPORTS STAFF
Bpoyts Editor — — -
Associate Sports Editors _
_ L. D. Wood
W. H, Fifleld, S. R, Griffiths,
B. F. Obencham
BUSINESS STAFF Bwinew Msna^. — JNutfenal AAverOetng Manager. jjoe»} AdeertiBing Manager djienlation Manager — .
„ _ B. J. Hutoe —L. H. Brown D. C. MUler J. P. Girard
WOMEN’S STAFF Sdttcnr — - -
Helen Oreeeb
BKubrth Pyke
Issue EdituNT—E. H. Kellogg
Demagogues A certain fundamentalist clergyman in a moment of fervant rhetoric once described the large eastern universities as “three ring circuses plsying for the grandstand plaudits of the whole country.” Whether thRt is or ever was true is not the concern of this editorial, but the statement might very well be put in contraposition today and a great element of truth be found. For, although a certain group in American politics is certainly not playing for the plaudits of college students, it is nevertheless causing a great deal of amusement to American undergraduates. When referring to a certain group in American politics we speak primarily of such demagogues as the Rev. Gerald Smith and Father Coughlin, Townsend and Lemke. From the secure grounds of academ ic walls wa look at these men not with fear, but with amusement. They are indeed three ring circuses in sharp relief to a tragic depression. If any of them ever attained true political power, college students would accept them philosophically as an excellent source of amusement. It would be the Fool playing Lear. A case in point among these demagogues is the Rev, Gerald L. K. Smith. A glib opportunist with the overweening ambition of an adventurer, this hallelujahshouting preacher is out to become America’s number one rabble rouser. “I am not a teacher,” he bawls, “I am a symbol. A symbol of a state of mind. When the politicians overplay their hand, certain nerve centers in the national population begin to scream. I am one of those yellers.” When asked by Drew Pearson, noted Washington correspondent, what he was yelling for, he roared: “I am against the socialism of the Washington New Dealers and the capitalism of the Wall Street Republicans. Roosevelt is a nickel-plated plutocratic hypocrit. Landon is a weakling. I am against public ownership of anything, even the postal service. Our education has made us soft. Our system is in peril. There are more lazy men in the country than every before in its history. Somebody has got to have the courage to capture the people.” So the rabble rousers rant on in their dissonant voices. Swaggering, screaming, cajoling, according to their want, they continue to provide the greatest three ring circus this country has ever seen. We refuse to be worried by these demagogues, for we believe too completely in the native shrewdness and common sense of the American people. Meanwhile they provide very inexpensive amusement until Robert Benchley writes another book.—(Brown Daily Herald.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Litkty
MARS DOURLE PASS!
In My Opinion
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent vtill not assume responsibility for tke opinions voiced in this column* Such opinions are solely those of the writer*
Search For Truth
P^or the past few years we have been told that the number of unemployed is around ten million. Figures ranging from seven to twelve million have often been quoted, that of ten million being the one most often heard. Stop a minute to figure it out. Ten million employables unemployed means that i at least a fifth of our total population has no regular income from the work of the heads of families. Many have over four children but some have no dependents, so the total probably reaches twenty-five millions, roughly one-fifth of the total population. This is, of course, based on the assumption that there are ten million employable are out of work. Does this seem reasonable ? Is one out of every five persons of whom you have knowledge dependent on relief or charity for existence? I say that it is unreasonable. Others think so too, for recently one of the large New York newspapers, so I am tol'd, made a survey and placed the number at something undei four million. This figure seems more in keeping with the situation as most people know it. Many wonder why the number was placed so high. The political parties may have had something to do with it. The Democrats gained an advantage because of the large figure quoted in 1932. The Republicans might gain an even greater advantage if the figures today showed the same, or an even larger number of unemployed. On the other hand, the fallacy might he with the failure of anyone to be interested enough to take an accurate count.
As a strong believer in adequate preparedness, it has long been my conviction that the real strength of a nation rests on the religious sentiment of the people.—Gen. John J. Pershing.
The sedentary areas of intellect can be made productive only when they are overturned by the dynamite of new ideas.—D. D. Tullis.
The average man’s logical processes, poor fellow, are about as thorough-going as the modern diplomat’s.—Bennett Craig.
A certain amount of opposition is a great help to a man; kites rise against, and not with the wind.— H. W. Mabie.
Liberty can be won by passive as well as active resistance.—Dr. Lewis I. Newman.
Exponent Platform
Establish student SELF-goyemment. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce hon-
orary fees.
Eliminate physical punishment by honor-
ary and social groups.
4. Modify the Student Union election system. 5. Permit open campaigning in all popular
elections.
3.
Write a FAMOUS LA^T LINE to the following limerick: ^ J A >oung man drove out to the airport, Ip.tending to have some great sport. When ’round swung the beam. And there stood the dean. Da-da—(All you have to do is fill this space).
This means that you will have just one-fifth the trouble we had composing the first four lines.
In order that you might refresh your memory, we print this limerick: There was a young person named Tate Who went out to dine at 8.8, iBut I’d hate to relate What that person named Tate And his Tete-a-tete ate at 8.8. —Credited to Carolyn Wells.
The deadline is Friday at four. Winner announced Saturday morning.
We will be prepaied to announce to the public most any day the information as to whether Phi Gam FENSTERMAKER will help lead the sophomore cotillion with a local or import. The matter all hinges on his persuasive ability. He must prevent his pintoter from going to SMITH College. Watch us for further dope on this.
In order that she might guarantee her presence at the Chicago game, DOTTY KING has made two dates for the game. MACK RAHN is one of them, the other another Delt. She would not commit herself as to who she was carrying as a spare.
The following is dedicated to those Tuesday, at 11 o’clock, cele-
FAMILY
FINAL TODAY
Two Features JOHNNY DOWNS “THE FIRST BABY” and CHARLIE RUGGLES MARY BOLAND “EARLY TO BED”
Tomorrow - Fridasr - Saturday ‘THE UNKNOWN RANGER’ and PATRICIA ELLIS
‘DOWN THE STRETCH’
MARS
Last Times Today
A MERRY MELANGE OF MELODY AMD LAUGHS
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday
JOHN BOLES ROSALIND RUSSELL “CRAIG’S WIFE”
LUMA Last Times Today
V
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday LYNN OVERMAN WILLIAM FRAWLEY in “Three Married Men” and “BACK TO NATURE”
“I don’t know what to do with Bill—^he won’t marry me when he’s sober and I won’t marry him when he’s not.”
brations: A VERSIE WORSIE I go up and brush my toothies I step down and shine my shoesies. Then I leave with great gusto For my military classo Oh Joy, Oh Joy, I get to drill today. —Ho Hoe.
The Kappa’s new house has ground level windows. ELLEN GRAY has a sprained ankle. Rumor has it that she, in one of her more tired moods, climbed through the
New MAIN
LAST TIMES TODAY
GENE RAYMOND
I ANNE SOUTHERN
‘WALKING ON AIR” First Lafayette Showing: PLUS New March of Time Pathe News and Sports
window, rather than walk up all those stairs.
FAMOUS LAST LINE: REMEMBER THE MARS PASS FOR THE BEST ONE.
ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY WILL ROGERS in “Steamboat Round the Bend” and KERMIT MAYNARD “Song of the ’Trail”
15c Double Feature 15c
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
Don^t Worry
We Can Fix It
No matter what it is, we caa fix it— and fix it right. We are equipped to give you excellent service.
Peter Anderson
24 hour service
Phone 4048... 525 Alabama'if' ^ £• f 3
'' V
‘Vvednesday, Septemt^y 80,1936
f/ i
S4 •'P^ f! ■'- 5 J-
THE TtJKDUfe EXPONENT
Boilermakers Face Badgers In Critical Homecoming Game Content Marks initial Big Ten Te^t For Both Elevens 5 JiCwcr Starts Intensive Drill Purdue’s inspiring victory over Ohio University, coupled with the triumph of the newly aroused Badgers over South Dakota State, has already stirred up unusual interes^ among midwestem gridiron fans in the Boilermakers’ clash with Wisconsin here a week from Saturday which will provide the initial
Big Ten test of the season for both elevens. The impending battle, which will find the Boilermakers striving to obtain revenge for last year’s defeat and at the same time prove that their performance against the Bobcats was no flash in the pan, will easily headline the day’s gridiron offerings in the Hoosier state and will be among the day’s headliners
in the middle west.
Although more than pleased with the well-knit “team” performance of the Boilermakers which accomplished the rout of the Bobcats, Coach Noble Kizer took pains to point out to the squad that the tilt with Ohio U., which was weaker than expected, provided no real criterion of Purdue’s potential power, and that the team has yet to prove itself against the calibre of opposition that it can expect to meet for the remainder of
the season.
No Changes In Lineup As intensive drill for the Badger clash was launched here Monday, Kizer indicated that he was contemplating no significant changes in the alignment of the Boilermaker combinations which enabled Purdue to average nearly seven yards a crack on lunning plays from scrimmage against Ohio U. The stalwart forward wall combination, with the veterans Clem Woltman and Martin Schreyer at tackles and Captain Bell at center; Forrest Burmeister and
Earn expenses with novelties. Displays sell for you. Samples and training furnished. Artcraft 313 Allen Grand Rapids, Michigan
Andy Grant showing great promise at guards, and Bill Vergane and Don Powell at ends, is expected to be retained intact for the Badger inva-
sion.
The hastily remodeled backfield, which found John Drake and Cecil Isbell, who traded their normal positions, turning in among the most impressive performances of their careers, and Pred Stalcup, converted quarterback, adapting himself handily to left halfback, also gives promise of developing into a permanent
combination.
Scouting Brings Results Purdue’s intensive preparations for the homecoming clash have been spurred by the scouting report of Assistant Coach Guy “Red” Mackey, who watched the Badgers as they easily defeated South Dakota State last Saturday. “This year’s Badger combination is a decided improvement over the eleven that defeated us last year,” said Mackey, “and what is even more important they have a new spirit developed by Harry Stuhldreher which is reflected in their team play.” Mackey pointed out that the Badgers not only retain most of the players who were important cogs in last year’s victory, but have a number of new men who have great possibilities. As one of the Badgers’ most dangerous new thr^eats he cited Malesevich, a left-handed passer and left-footed kicker, who turned in an impressive performance as a halfback. Mackey also declared that Jankowski was back in all of his old form, and that Captain Golemgeske at end and Christiansen at tackle, two rugged veterans, appeared materially improved. Ticket Demand Increasing The combination of homecoming and the renewal of the Purdue-Wis-
I -fielder’s,... I* ....choice V .By Boh Walpole——
Coach OxvaL Maitiiii’a CEOsa-Cotua.-try boys are training for the opening run with Wisconsin on homecoming . . . the Badgei; outfit will cpme down with the eleven and the grind will be run off before the football game . t. —fo—— G. A. Young, head of the mechanical engineering school, and a golfer of no mean ability, was elected Pjresident of the Indiana Golf Association for the ninteenth year . . . ipcidently G. A. and his son, Keith, a former member of the varsity golf team, won the father and son tourney in the state for the eighth consecutive year ... —fc— The Bloomington newspapers say that Purdue will lose two games this season . . . Minnesota and Indiana ... we will have to be shown . . . they also say Purdue was strong in everything Saturday but punting . . , the Boilermakers punted twice ... and the reserves were in on both occasions. —fc— Don’t forget to arrange to attend the Dolphin club dance in the Union Friday night. . . the proceeds will go to the fund for out-qf-tqwn trips for the swimming team this winter . back your swimmers, and enjoy a good dance ... get a date... —fc— World series start today, and we pick the Yankees to win in short order ... we guess the final game score to be four to one in favor of Joe McCarthy’s nine . .. —fc— University of Washington’s football team, who went down under Minnesota Saturday, is coached by Jimmy Phelan, former Boilermaker head coach .. .
consin series has already attracted a record-breaking advance mail order ticket sale for an early game, and although there are plenty of choice seats still available, a nearcapacity crowd is already in prospect. Because of the unusual early demand, the over-the-counter sale of tickets for the game has already been laimched in addition to the mail order sale.
Frosh Military Swimming Classes Start Tomorrow Freshman military swimming will start tomorrow. AH are required to t^ke a test and those failing to pass it are given further instmetioais. This class is held during the regular military class hour. Instructions are given by members of the Dolphin club. From the members of each battery ai teain is selected to represent the battery in a swimming meet. Idembers of the winning team are given medals and merits. These classes were begun fifteen years ago by Chief Clevett.
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS Today, 4:15 o’clock H. L. Duhart vs. H. Fuente. J. T. Small vs. W. M. Snyder. D. Oberle vs. W. Windecker. R. H. Latter vs. M. C. Magnussen. J. J. Delaplane vs. Ray Tillson. P. T. Cooper vs. R. F. Royster. C. E. Franklin vs. J. A. Hebbler. 5 o’clock E. M. Craft vs. P. V. Plapp. W. I. Metzger vs. E. Lown. B. Kaufman vs. W. J. Derner. O. W. Buenting vs. H. Baugh. D. Waid vs. C. L. Sadler. W. B. Billings vs. J. P. Taylor.
NOTICES No noUcM acetiMatf after t a. m.
Bowling—There is a new women’s bowling class, P. E W. S3, open Tuesday and Thursday at 2 p. nu There is room for several more women. 'Apply at Women’s Gym —ELLIS.
Zouaves—Meeting at 4 p. m. in Armory Sept. 30. —WINTER.
Bowling—The Leahy-Barrett combination claims the All-University doubles championship and desires to announce itself open to all challenges.
Pi Tau Sigma—Important meeting at 7 p m Sept. 30, in the Union. —WAIT, WAHL.
Wesley Players—Will meet at the Foundaat 7 p. m Sept 29 and 4 pm. Sept. 30. —HUBD.
Co-eds—^Entrants in the women’s golf tourney must sign up Sept 30 at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym —FITCH.
Sophomores—All interested in becoming debate managers report to the Union debate office at 4 p m. Sept. 30. —PERRY.
OlMiMriMi Gteup ltee(tfa» Sdpt 4# 7:80 p. m. —fCURKN.
Itid«f«ndent Jbnpmrtoiie meetituc of allMembers the steff October 1 atl p. tt. All IndopendeoltaliDAniti faterested to worlo ing «m the paver pl«uw ygfMft te fkfi aMMte ing. Hie final stiUf for the year Will be ^ cided Upon. —SEHMSTROM. Bkateraite BresMealif Cmnseil.—IfeetiiQt at the Delta Tan Delta house, < p, m., Oct. 1 —gETlXE. —WARREN. Stndente—Interest^ to snaiHshot work Cpme to tile Dehtis office at 4< p?m. Sept 30. —rtax/urbr, Cb-ede—AH girls toterested to tennis tourney meet in Gym at 4 p. m. Seiit. 80. —BIETH.
Pi Taw Sigma—^Meeting for selection of pledges Sept. 80 at 7 p. m. to Union. —WAHL. WATT. Playshop Pnblieity—^Meeting at 4 p. m. Sept. 30 in Playshim office. —CALLIS.
Radio Stage—^AH students interested in trying out for radio stage casts please Register in P. I. A. offiee Oct. 1 at 4 p. m. Bxperfence not essential. —SGHLUNDT. Orchesis—^Important meeting Sept 30 at 7 80 in Women’s Gym. —McKEE. IHscijij^iion Gronp—Meetmg to be held a* 7:80 S^t. 30 in room 1 of Union The subject will be “Politics”. —KUEHN.
PlayshiH^ Business Committee—Meeting at 4pm S^t 30 in Playshop office —RUSSELL.
Y. W* C. A. Cabinet—Meet to Y. W. C. A office at 4 Sept. 30. -^ONES.
W. A. A. Hockey—Sophomore and senior practice at 4 Sept. 80 Election of managers, everyone be there. —THOMPSON,
Agriculturists—Important meeting of entire staff Oct. 1 at 7:80. Please be there. —PARKISON.
Union Sophomores — My committee will meet in the new Union work room at 4 p. m. Sept 30 —FITTS.
Union Sophomores — My committee will meet in the Union office at 4 p. m. ^pt. 30. —WIEGANDT.
Health Service—The following are requested to report to the sftudent health laboratory, room 10|, Stenley Coulter HaU, Sept 30 or Oct. I, between 8 a. m. and 4 p. m. D. R Lowman, H. J, Lucas, W. T. Luce. L E Lucas, L. A Luth, R. A. Lynch, W. D MpCauley, B. P, McConnell, P. H. McEnight, B J McMaken, B W. McMnrtne, B R McNeal, C. T. Manlove. W. W. Marl4 H. W. Markham, H. G. Martin, Dick Maurer, F. A.
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY Enroll in Our New ADULT BEGINNER’S CLASS WED. SEPT. 30,7s00 P. M. Waltz and Pox-Trot Taught Phone 2160 ALLENS Otii & Ferry
MpiHaBaMMffiRfitfil
Motitor, K, ■" " “ - - H. Mnrny, .... „ B. Nesm J-Newmas, «. NhAlse, JE, JL Iftkm, J. K. Nonte, R It Otowehato, G- M. Obahofteer, J. R O'Coitoor, PE. jr. E, Si M, Otr, % M. Otto, WJL CRmmd. A. K Ptfeno^ S.W, Pewett, P- RPeia^ C-ARstefcKXFottib i r. Seeit, G. F. Seott, S. A. Sfammso, S- R. Sehfeiehelr. R. R Sehfoted^, C, A- Rdhnqr, F. K. Seblefeber, A, C- R. Sehriher, R H. SeuBy, R. G. Sebwacg^? D. F J. H. Sears. B. J. Serowick, H. J. Segrave;, £%iv^, R, J. Skhrsder. JU Seka, J. L> Simmons, J. Singer, R, it. ffiaotwei^ F. KStamm, M. L. Stanmn B. Stock, R. Stouder. W R Storutt, R. P. Seatoa. B. M. Stohman, T. R Stephmtsott, M. R, Sfntek, Ivan WStrong, R C, Stroup, W, F, Stadly, W. T. SnHivan, R. R Snly. O. O. Surface, H. W. Sntton, i. C. Swondcr. L. K. Swing, D. W. Sweetnaro, V. B. Thc^. A. N. 'ChcMii, JT. EL 'Thompson, S. J. Thmaby, J. F. Yoeoni, B. F. Tomeeak, W- Tqwnaend, 3. T. Trembois, G. H. ’Rmtan. R H TbrnbeH, W. B. Unger, H. D Vulentin,e ^ R VmdSooee, R W. Viehe, V T VitfciM, R YucMna^ R J. Vyverberg. B J Wagner, C R Waldhavet; R A. Wargo, Lynn J. Warner, P. H. Wdbrenbetg, T. ;A. Wddon, 3. 3. Went, JL W. Whitoan, VL J. WoK, J. B Wood, C. S. Warden, W M. Young, K. M. Young, A. Zmimezman, D. 3. Qninlan, R L. Zw^, Frances Baker, Bnid G. Baker, Helen Barnes, Mary A. Bdto, Dons Best, Dorothy Boenieke. Virginia R Coon, Emma Tickle, Rosmnary Cktodman, Both Graves, Marion Groves, Bntb HUH, Marion Hays, Betto Htoon, 'Thehna Hood. Mary Hnffine, Mary Ann Boeb. Efilen Lentz, Louise Lyman, Lqlia Catherine Mills, Jean Maeehile, AKce Martens, Mary Ann Nisley, Bettye Ossenberg, Marjone Pi^ gett, Barbara Piehett, Helen Pbmk, Margraret Bickey, June Ricbarda Carmen Bivadeneira, Joan Botii, Georganne Schilling. Margaret Staeber, Edna Stephen. Helen Summers, l^ea K. Thpmas. Catiienne Weisinback, Pauline Wiseheart, Jane Woodcock, Esther Woodward, Sara Wynn, Shirley Yonover. -HILLER
FREE Billiard Bistmction
Pocket Billiards (Pool) is one of the finest of indoor sports. Coaching on the fundqmentqte will-soon make you an average pl^er. M^il or t^e signed coupon below and we will notify yon when our Free Lessons begin. Please notify me When yonr Rree Lessons on Pocket BHliards begin. Name ... - Address Phone - ~ Lester’s BilKant Hall 312 State St Plume 3289
> J
jiij
DIDN’T
DID
Exhibit A
Case Histories Exhibit A: Sad tale. Also graduated with honors from Purdue last June but did not come out for THE EXPONENT. Now haunts the streets hunting a job. Exhibit B: Graduated from Purdue with honors last June. Member of THE EXPONENT staff. Now has a big job paying bigger money with a still bigger concern. Freshmen Employers of Today WanP Men Not Minds The isolated intelligence has no place in the modern business world. Character and executive training are the added somethings that get jobs. These s^re available to staff members of
Exhibit B
©he Purdue 'Sxpamnt
Report to Exponent Office
Fifth and Ferry Sts., Lafayette
xVfsffi
\ it flu 1 Sul t
1^?-' * ^.vn;;
'f
, ■ ' :• -j ' -■" •■ ■' ^^'y' hr;,‘f?'•? % <- '.rhy- '-r'-i-;',
m 1/
ifc'B*,
iSt"!
r
]¥l"‘ !
?r ^1
i> *>-
f 1
wWif,
die Burbue exponent
? r J ^■
VOL0BJE XLVra
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1936
number 13
Co-eds Meet
Tuesday Wm ChooseTwo Frosh
RepresenfatiTes
For the purpose of introducing freshman women to the officers and various committee heads of the W. S. G. A., a mass meeting of all University women will be held Tuesday in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Two freshman representatives will be elected at the meeting. Nominees will be those who have handed petitions for nominations, signed by twenty-five girls of their class, to any member of the W. S. G. A. executive board. Only freshman women will vote for freshman representatives.
PIA Sponsors Co-ed Party
As the second in their series of freshman co-ed parties P. I. A. is sponsoring a nautical party at the Women’s Gym tomorrow evening at 7 o’clock. This novel gathering is in charge of Mary Humphreys. Plans are being made to decorate the gymnasium to represent a ship and all games and entertainment will be of nautical nature. A third party, in the form of a style show, has been set for October 8. The latest fashions will be displayed by Loeb and Hene, a local department store, as the mannequins parade among the tables. It is termed a dessert party, originating from the fact that a dessert course is to be served. There will also be music during the party. The first party was held last Sunday evening, and was in charge of Irene Feldt and Peg Dimmick. Refreshments were served with Purdue penants as favors and several of the independent women were introduced.
Complete Plans For WAA Cabin Open House
Plans are being made for the W. A. A. open house which is to be held on Sunday, October 11, at the W. A. A. cabin. All students and faculty members are invited. There will be entertainment and cider and doughnuts will be served. Georgia Halstead, head of the cabin committee, is in charge of the affair.
Gold Diggers Dance Oct. 23
Initial Rush
Dinners Given
Last night’s parties marked the first of the series of formal dinners to be given by each sorority house during rush week. The 147 rushees were evenly divided among the six houses because of the Pan-Hellenic ruling that a rushee may attend only one of the dinners given by any one house, with the exception of the preference dinner. Formal Rush Formal rush will continue for the rest of this week and will end next Thursday, October 8, with the preference dinner given by each house. Preference bids will be given out next week after the final parties, and rushees may call for them at the Pan-Hellenic desk. Rushees should get a copy of the financial statement of all sorority houses at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the lobby of the Union today between 4 and 6 o’clock.
Wisconsin To Meet Marquette Saturday
Heartened by their 24 to 7 victory over South Dakota State College, the University of Wisconsin jumped into an intensive drill for their battle with Marquette, at Camp Randall Saturday, which they expect to be one of their hardest games of the season.
Announce Initial
WAA Golf Tourney
Co-eds who wish to take part in the approaching W. A. A. golf tournament to be played on the Lafayette Municipal Course, must sign up by this afternoon on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gym. This IS the first time that golf has been offered as a fall sport for coeds. There will be a nominal cost of 25 cents per game charged. Mildred Fitch will have charge of providing transportation to and from the couise.
Most Eligible Bachelor To Receive Prize '
The annual Gold Diggers’ Danced sponsored by W. S. G. A., will bd held Friday, October 23, in the ballroom of the Memorial Union. The first co-ed bid affair is unique in that the University women invite their dates, buy the tickets, and provide transportation for their guests. If possible, they take the men to dinner before the dance, presenting them with corsages of vegetables, leaves, and fruit. The most eligible bachelor of the year is chosen at the dance and a prize given for the most unusual corsage.
WAA Drive
In Full Swing
WAA Tennis Tourney Draws Twenty Co-eds; More Wanted
Frances Reith is urging all girls to come out for the individual tennis tournament which is to begin the end of this week. Twenty girls have signed up at the present time.
]j0e^
s
LOEB & HENE COMPANY
Leading the way in high grade Coiffiires
at Indianans Most Beautiful
Beauty Salon Loeb’s Beauty Salon, with all new, modern equipment and a well trained force of skilled Beauticians assure our clients Quality Service with NO CHANGES IN PRICES Permanent Waves from.. $1.98 to $7.75 Shampoo and Finger Wave 50c Marrow Oil Shampoo and Finger Wave 75c Shampoo and Marcel $1.00 Hair Cut, 50c. Arch, 50c. Manicure, 50c LOe Grieves is pleased to announce starting October 1, Mr. Richardson, Hair Stylist, formerly of Marchall Fields Beauty Salon, will style your hair in the most becoming manner for the regular price of 60c. Make your appointments now! Cold Drinks Served During Your Visit at Our Salon Miss Betty McQuisten, one of Lafayette’s most popular young l^ies, Ims been added to our staff as hostess to the Beauty Salon. M PHONE 7901 FOB APPOINTMENTS
The W. A. A. membership drive is now in full swing and will continue until October 10. Tickets for the year are $1.00, and can be obtained from council members in the Women’s Gym or any of the sorority houses. The tickets enable the co-eds to participate in sports to win W. A. A. points and work for a “P” monogram. In the fall and winter the prominent sports are hockey, volleyball, riflery, basketball and tumbling. In the spring the co-eds will participate in archery, baseball and tennis. Intramural tournaments will be held among the class teams. The W. A. A. fall dance and the spring penny carnival are the outstanding social events of the year. A hike and sports spread to be held at the W. A, A. cabin is also being planned.
Dr. O’Shea To Address Mentors Today In Union
All mentors are requested to attend an important meeting this afternoon at 4 0\’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union. Dr. O’Shea will talk and a date will be set for the Charm School. A general discussion of mentor plans will follow. >
YWCA Plans Series
Of Open Meetings In Faculty Lounge
Plans have been made for several Y. W. C. A. open meetings to be held in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union. The series will be opened with a fashion show on October 24. Following this meeting, there will be a fireside meeting on November 24, and a worship service on December 13. As their name implies they are all open to any girls interested, whether they are members of Y. W. C. A. or not.
WAA To Organize Four Frosh Hockey Teams
Four freshman hockey teams are being organized this fall by W. A. A. All girls who are interested will be taught to play hockey and the four freshman teams will compete in a tournament. The winning team will represent the freshman class in a tournament with the other classes. About fifty freshman girls are needed, so any girls interested are urged to sign up at the Women’s Gym.
Purdue
Sports Patter
Bill Vergane, Purdue’s giant 232 pound, 6 foot, 5 inch sophomore right end, is believed to be the largest regular wingman performing on any major college eleven in the country. Although Vergane played less than half the game against Ohio University, and is still far from a finished product, he showed possibilities of developing into one of the country's most feared pass receivers.
The Purdue-Wisconsin football series, which will be renewed in the Ross-Ade stadium on Saturday, October 10, as the feature attraction of the Boilermaker homecoming festivities, has become almost traditional for its “upsets”. Last year’s 8 to 0 victory for the Badgers was no exception. To date, Purdue has won seven games, lost ten, and tied three.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
A private lesson will be given free of charge Wednesday, Sept. 30, 7:00 P. M. to those wishing to enroll in our new Beginner’s Ballroom dancing class.
Boys Wanted—To work extra in the Purdue Union cafeteria.
Lost—Man’s wrist watch. Donald A. Baldwin, June 12, 1936, A. A. H. S. engraved on back. Phone 3418. Reward.
For Sale—Variety of books, 6 cents and up. Several book racks. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth Street.
Tomato Juice—Earhart Sky Menu; Radio Broadcast On Aerial Dietetics
Wanted—A baritone sax player. Call 3766.
Wanted—^Boy or girl trumpet or alto sax player. Call Schilling, 5067.
Cecil Isbell, Purdue’s rangy triple threat halfback, injured in the first few minutes of the first game of his collegiate career last season, and hampered for the remainder of the season by a man&cling harness that kept his left arm virtually pinned to his side, more than turned the tables in the opening game this year. Apparently fully recovered from his shoulder injury, although still wearing a safety appliance, Isbell scored four touchdowns on his own account against Ohio U., and passed to Bill Vergane for a fifth. The swivelhipped junior carried the ball from scrimmage 12 times for a total gain of 158 yards, an average of 13.2 yards per crack.
For Rent—Garage, 221 Russell. Phone 46401.
Wanted—Tenor sax and trumpet men. Call 51442 between 11 and 2.
Lost—Slide rule K & E log-log duplex. Name on inside of case. Reith, 6021.
FRATERNITY GOLF
Today
Phi Delta Theta vS. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Kappa Delta Rho vs. Acacia. Delta Upsilon vs. Pirathon. Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Delta Sigma Lambda. Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Delta Tau Delta. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Kappa Sigma. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Phi Gamma Delta vs. Theta Ki. Theta Chi vs. Sigma Nu. Pi Kappa Phi vs. Beta Theta Pi.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN
BEGINNER’S Wed., Sept, 30, 9:00 P. M. INTERMEDIATE Thurs. Oct 1, 7:00 p. m. ADVANCED Friday, Oct. 2, 6:30 P. M,
Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
Hard-boiled eggs, tomato juice, hot chocolate and raisins are Amelia Earhart’s chief diet when making a long solo flight. America’s foremost air woman, who has conquered the Atlantic and Pacific, and now hopes to make a sky trail around the world in her $85,000 “flying laboratory,” made possible by the Purdue Research Foundation, says it’s easier to properly feed opera singers, football players or Olympic champions, than pilots. “A pilot’s food must be nourishing ,but it mustn’t make you drowsy,” said Miss Earhart, who is to make a study of aerial dietetics, as well as many other human aspects of flying with her new experimental plane, which is now being tuned up in its home hangar at the University airport. “Tomato juice is my favorite ‘working’ beverage and food,” she continued, “in cold weather it may be heated and kept hot in a thermos bottle, but normally my ration travels in its native can. Since pilots have only two hands and dozens of things to do, meal-time technique has to be simple. So I’ve developed a gadget which is really a fat ice pick; with the can between my
knees, one-handed, I punch a hole in the top—a straw just fits the hole and the rest is easy.” Hot chocolate and raisins sometimes accompany the tomato juice in Miss Earhart’s menu. Flying the Atlantic, a journey of 16 hours from New Foundland to Ireland, her diet was restricted to a few squares of chocolate besides tomato juice, and on Miss Earhart’s solo flight from Mexico City to New York her mainstay was a hard-boiled egg. As a guest star on the “Heinz Magazine of the Air,” the morning of October 2nd at 11 o’clock (E. S. T.) over Columbia coast to codst network. Miss Earhart will tell listeners more about “aeronautical housekeeping.” Her talk will be rObroadcast to the west at 3 p. m. (E. S. T.) Miss Earhart pointed out that food for air passengers, on the other hand, is getting more and more lebaroate, and with the trend toward luxury in air travel. Miss Earhart’s “flying laboratory” is equipped with every tried appliance of modern flying. It is all metal, has two engines,^ travels 260 miles" an hour, and has a cruising range of more than 4,000 miles.
\
SPECIAL NOTICE
To accommodate the co-eds, we are having special prices on ALL machine permanents this week. So that you will be able to take advantage of this offer we will be open Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday nights. Don’t forget Co-ed Days every Thursday and Friday.
7727
Kiei&ly Beauty Studio 662 Main
FRIEDMAN FINE FOODS
s
8th and Main Lafayette Phones 3021 and 3022—We Deliver Open Every Day and Sunday Until 10 at Night Wholesale to Fraternities and Sororities
Rytex SketeUes
Clever little deckled edge informals—gaily bordered . . . indispensable for short letters, informal invitations, “thank-you:" notes . . . and delightful for gifts.
100 INFORMALS 100 ENVELOPES
$
Printed with Name, Address or Monogram on informals in smartly correct lettering styles. White Vellum, Grey Threadloom or Ivory Threadloom . . . borders in blue, green, red and brown. At this special low price be sure to buy a supply for future use and for Christmas gifts.
HAYWOOD’S
Lafayette, Ind. Retail DepartuKMit 5th and Ferry Sts,
"I