I
*
*
MERRY-GO-R^UND Begins Series On State Dept. Volume 56, No. 51
EDITORIAL Demands Fair Trial For Army
'^1 "•'1
Established 1889
Nice Weather
Purdue Universif'y, West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, September 8, 1943
Lt, Rudy Vallee’s Band Will-Boost War Bond Sales At Show Sunday
'Lucky 'Levenih' Musicians Will Feature Afternoon, Evening Performances On Stage
Bjr Mario Pagliarulo
Ruciy Valee and the “Lucky ’Leventh” Coast Guard Band, an outstanding feature of the Third War Loan Drive in Tippecanoe County, will present two performances in the Music Hall on Sunday, September 12. Admission to the first performance, which will be held at 2:30 in the afternoon, will be only by tickets issued to purchasers of war bonds in the present drive. The evening program, to be-
gin at 7:30 p. m., will be open only to present term University students and service men holding social recreation tickets. Both/pi'ograms will be identical. The University and the Laiayette
Semi-Terms To Continue During War
Announces
Meeting Of ASME
‘Scenes To Be Seen on the Road to Tokyo” was the title of an illustrated lecture given by Dr. Clarence H. Robertson of the Physics Department in the Electrical Engi-
neer Building last night.
“The lecture really should have been called “Roads to Tokyo,” Dr. Robertson explained, “for it includes a description of four different routes to the Japanese capital.”
Together with its many service The Aleutian rout^ is the shortest, and civilian terms, the University The other routes are the one by way will now conduct an intrasession of Hawaii and the Philippines, the during the last half of every school voyage through the Mediterranean semester for the duration of the Sea and the Suez Canal, and the war. This policy was approved at Trans-Siberian Railway. - the last meeting of the Executive Robertson showed a number
committee.
Robertson Speaks To ASTP On'Scenes
On Roads To Tokyo' Will Sing
Tn "Ro .Qaon nri flio Prtarl
Richard Crooks. Opera Star,
At Convocation
Freshman Interviews To Begin
of colored slides with his lecture.
Interviews for freshmen eds new to the campus will begin next Monday, said F. I. Goldsmith, Dean of
Men, yesterday.
All new freshmen will receive let-
Prof. R. W. Leutwiler has an
Chamber of Commerce have worked nounced a meeting of ASME in Essentially a war measure to off- manv of them nicturinfr" Russian , • , , •
together to bring to Lafayette this Room 108 of the ME Building to- set the effect of the two months- cities especially those alone the them to visR
outstanding program. The group’s day, primarily for the purpose of out-of-phase schedule under which Trans-Siberian Railway He punc- ^ appearance here will be one of only prganization. the University is now operating, tuated the lecture at this'point with four to be presented in Indiana. En- pj-of. Frank Hockema, assistant the intrasession will give all high snatches of crackling Russian a
students a chW to enter language, which, he explained’ is
the University as soon as they difficult mainly because of its com-
tertainment for the two and one- president, will speak on half hour program will be furnished «asME Aims and Objectives.” Stu-
hy Rudy Valee’s select
well-known musicians, and will in- will,also speak, and films will be for two months until the end of the elude a tumbling act by Coast shown on the part played in the sixteen week period.
war effort by the colleges and uni- Various Terms
“In the past it has not been possi-
Night's Program Also Includes William Primrose, Noted Violist Second in the 1943-44 series of convocations, Richard Crooks, leading tenor of the Metropolitan Opera Association, and William Primrose, one of the best known violists, will give a combined recital in the Music Hall next Saturday evening. Students will be admitted to the concert upon presentation ’of identification cards, and service men may gain admission by showing their recreation
cards.
The general public may pur-| chase single admission tickets to Saturday’s convo for $1.10 (including tax) at the Cashier’s office in the Executive Budding. Season tickets for the entire series of University convoca-
Dr. Scarseth Speaks At Chem Convention Dr. George D. Scarseth, head of the agronomy department, read a paper last Sunday before the
ble to see all the freshmen person- burgh, Pennsylvania, declaring that ally” said De^n Goldsmith, “but due the boron needs of plants and farm
American Chemical Society at PittsRichard Crooks is a firm believer
in music as an aid to morale. “Music
group of dent officers of the organization graduate without having to wait plicated grammar and 35-letter al- registering crops are closely related to their plays a mighty part on the psychoCi will in- "friv ivirvYifVic! nnfiT fVio onri rt-f +Vm t m Lnis RfilYlftStGr. it Will Olllv tfl-KG a nftlpiniYi pnntonf. -natior v'onrvrf'c , . . - . - - _
Guard pei’sonnel Idea Conceived
Back in 1942, Lieutenant Maxwell A. Sturges, who prior to his entrance into the Coast Guard had played professionally with such “name” bands as Benny Goodman and Glen Miller, conceived the idea of a band by the Coast Guard in California. With the approval of the Coast Guard for the contemplated band. Lieutenant Maxv/ell set about to enlist the top musicians of the
versities.
The first intrasession period will
phabet.
China Pictures Dr. Robertson
this semester, it will only take a calcium content. The paper reports logical front of the" war few weeks to conduct the entire se- that investigations reveal plants ’
ries of interviews.”
also showed a
Dean Goldsmith is in his office
will take up varying amounts of calcium and boron depending upon
he says.
“We hear almost as rpuch about the psychological front in this war as about military and naval strength.
Union Will Hold Callout Thursday In Faculty Lounge
begin January 3, 1944, while the number of pictures which he took from 8:30 in the morning till 4:30 in availability of the elements in music is a readily available,
the afternoon every week-day. His
students had not taken. Many stu-
Callout for freshmen and sopho
country, wherever they might be |nores will be held^by Student Union jents entering at that had not com found. Soon the budding organize- West Faculty Lounge tomor- pjeted eight semesters of high
spring short term will begin April China, and allowed his audience ^ ^ 29, and the fall term will begin examine a number of interesting jg .^ygg^. gj^^ gf ^^g main September 2. “Ejects which he brought bdek from gj ^.j^g Executive Building.
The first intrasession was held that country, including an early pislast Spring for students who wished ^ol, a crossbow, and a snuff bottle to begin thier regular college year decoi’ated on the inside, in the summer semester and offered “China can be compared favorin connection with it courses which ably to Europe in size and variety first semester senior high school of people and languages,” Dr. Rob-
tion boasted men hand-picked from the bands of Ted Fio Rito, Paul Whiteman, Tommy Dox’sey, Jimmy Dorsey, Freddy Martin, Phil Harris,
and many others.
The next step was to select an , T “‘-'Cl , . . . , , for Saturday night mixers,
outstanding musician and entertainer who would be properly quali
row at 4 p. m.
Union activities are numerous and varied. They include making posters and backdrops (the coloxfful
panels behind the bandstand in the ,, , , , , . , ^ , North ballroom) and selling tickets those who had graduated from high
school.
June Graduates
Subsequently, an intrasession was begun near the fix-st of June for
school at the x'egular June graduation and who wanted to begin their
- Student Union also has charge of ggjRgg training immediately. fied to develop and direct such ex- With the evolution of this policy, cellent material. The choice was fin- ^ ded o er by Katie Gannon, University thus makes it nos.lly .ettled on Endy Valloo, who ao- " “ to onto, the Unicepted the post and enlisted as ^ versity as freshmen at six different Bandmaster in August, 1942. Sub- ’ J*)"® the year, three at the sequently, Jimmy Grier joined the ^ few^^wWeh ’^°S'^tarly scheduled registration, arxin^ixf''*''''''^^ Bandmaster and and'three at intrasession.
■ dent Union also is responsible for
op ervice an x-eceptions held for artists ap-
With the outstanding array of pearing at convocations.
talent available, it was but a short ■,xt„ . „ , ,, , , , War stamps will be sold by memwhile befox’e the band developed , 4.1, „ 1 i -j . ., , . , , ~ bex's of the group as usual outside
into one of the top service bands of ^ ^ ^
e coun ry. e oigamza ion and-stamp drive will be begun very vision of education and applied psy-
achieved nation-wide popularity on
a single radio appearance with the Committees Make Union tory Farm Volunteer program, is Fitch Band Wagon. & >
Gov. Schricker To Open Bond Drive Tonight Indiana’s campaign for the Third War Loan drive will be officially opened by Honorable Henx-y F. Schricker, Governor of Indiana, over a state-*wide radio program tonight from 8:30 to 9 p. m. It will be car-
ried over WBAA.
^ ® ■ highly effective means of easing
An ideal balance between calcium mental tension.” and boron is needed for tobacco. Mood Conditioning
sugar beets and soybeans. Dx’. Seax'seth said that this information will
may cause xnjury.
He further points out -^hat the
, , , . , . .... , gx-eater availability of good music
be helpful in predicting whex-e more
boron IS needed as wel as to indx- niachines and the scientific 11.1 approach to “mood conditioning” as
a result of experiments in psychology cause music to be a more potent aid in keeping up morale than
ever before.
Concerts in factories have- been found to increase the efficiency of workers, an the armed forces all over the woxdd are supplied with radios and victrolas for bringing music to them. William Primrose has done more
WAA Holds Callout;
Leaders Address New Freshmen
Yesterday afternoon WAA wel-
Knight To Advise On Farm Recruit Policy In Capital
ex’tson said in conclusion to his narx’ative on China. He also described briefly his visit to Manila, the island city of Hong Kong, and the trip up the Pearl River to Canton. Camera Club Plans
Reorganization Callouts Today
Life will begin once more for camera fans when the Camera Club issues a callout today at 4:15 in room
212 of the Union. Purpose of the wounded Army hero, meeting is for reorganizing the club -JThe program will then move to and electing officers. other attx*actions, picking up name
Fathered by the Union, the club bands and radio personalities. The ^he physical education staff were vmla is a separate instrument, disoffers the use of dark rooms located purpose to which it is keyed will be also presented to the girls in atten- tinct in itself, and should not be
in the Indiana back the old students and the than other men of the present gennew freshmen in a mass call-out in eration to elevate the viola to its
The first bond
campaign will be bought from a bed , . ,
in the Soldiers Hospital at Billings Womens Gym, which was pre- present place as a solo instrument
sided over by the px-esidenv Jean along with the violin and cello.
Brackman. Viola Study
Ddring the course of the program Mr. Primrose is gratified at the the heads of each sport were intro- gx’eat number of music students duced, and each leader described the who are studying the viola at the activities of her field. The members present time. He believes that the
—Port Benjamin Harrison, Indianapolis. This $1,000 bond is to be purchased by Staff Sgt. Jorman A.
in the Union basement, access to that of selling the citizens of Indiclub meetings featuring speakers ^na on the job which must be done and px’ograms, and the helpful hints to Pot over a Third War Loan in of fellow photography-interested the Hoosier state,
students.
In spite of the club’s following of
Sigma Alpha Mu
dance.
Because of various conflicts making it impossible for some of the gix’ls to be present at the call-out, any coed wishing to join WAA may do so in the WAA office in the Women’s Gym any afternoon after
raphy-interested students.
York, N. Y.
Student Union is made up of five back in Washington. He is continu- , _ „
'The band was not confined only committees. The activities commit- ing as advisor on ovex’-all -policies expex-ienced camera fiends, begin ^ to its duties at its base in Wilming- plans and ox-ganizes Union ac- of the program to x-ecruit high school ners who possess an interest in pho- ... announces the pledging of Lee ^ ® clock. Gixls may also choose the ton; performances for the Red tivities and is in charge of Vice Pres- age boys and gix-ls for farm wox-k. togi-aphy, although no cameras, are Brazy, South Bend; Robert Moise, ®Poit they desixe at that time, if Cross, USO, Naval Aid Auxiliary, jdgnt Dick Haase. Two membex-s of his staff who ax-e welcome, accox-ding to Dick Haase. Martin Silbart and Henry Tropp, have not alx-eady done so. and other such organizations The publicity committee, in chax’ge on part time leave for this work as The Camera Club is one of the few Gary; Joel Honigberg, St. Louis, Tonight another folk and square throughout the Eleventh Naval Dis- of Vice President Roger Samuelson, district supervisox’s. Dr. B. L. Dodd remaiixing Union sponsox-ed clubs. Mo.; Lasker Ehrman, Jx-., Little^dance will be held in the Women’s ti'ict met with enthusiastic success, writes publicity stories for Expo- and Dr. J. Roy Leev-y, are also in and is being maintained for photog- Rock, Ark., and Irwin Steinber, New Gym at 7:30 until 9 p. m. Service-
Numerous appearances have been nent, scripts for the weekly x-adio Washington, sponsored by all the armed services, program over WBAA, and has for men bound to or fx-om the war charge of speaking befoi-e gx’oup ———— fronts, as well as regular programs meetings such as WRH, fraternities
at Sex’vice Hospitals and special and sox-orities. short-wave broadcasts for the Of- Organize Workers
fice of War Infox-mtaion. The personnel committee, headed The Tx'easux’y Departfnent also by Ginny Armstrong, also a Vice appreciates the entertainment pow- Rresident, has charge of obtaining ers of the “Lucky ’Leventh”; the wox’kers and super-vising workex-s
band has participated in numerous for all committees.
The maintenance committee, under Vice President Dick Hupp’s supervision, handles all supplies foxbackdrops, posters and office sup-
plies and equipment
All The News That Fits
bond drive campaigns. A single show at Long Beach netted a halfmillion dollars in Wax- Bonds.
Bohds Now Being Sold
Bond buyer’s tickets for the Sunday aftex-noon show are iiow avail-
Exponent To Hold Call-Out Friday Afternoon At 4:15
All freshman and sophomox-e eds and coeds who ax-e interested in ob-
The records committee, under the gaining some practical experience in
able.‘purehasex-s"o'f'bondsTorv'alues chairmanship of Bob Holmes, Vice modern journalistic practice are inof $25 to $499 will receive two white President, keeps attendance charts, vited to attend the cail-out for Extickets, buyers of bonds in value I'otates committees and keeps finan- ponent editorial staff^worliers. The
from $500 to $999 will be given two recox-ds, including those for waxred tickets, and bonds of $1000 or stamps and dance costs,
moi-e will bring four blue tickets.
's Gym To Welcome
Choice seats will be reserved foxholders of blue and red tickets. They may be obtained in West La fayette at the Postoffice, the Union Building, ox- Station WBAA. Pex--Bons who have purchased bonds after September 1 but have not received tickets will be given them of
Folk Dancers Tonight All students, cadettes, and servicemen stationed on the campus ax-e eligible to attend a folk and square dance in the women’s gym
Work Three Afternoons many branches of work open to eds When the course is completed, and coeds who plan to work on the the freshmen and sophomores will editorial staff of the campus newsbe expected to work in the Expo- paper have enough variety to in-
nent office three afternoons a week trigue any student who has a spark Course Begins,
from four until 6. Sophomox-e men of joux-nalistic intex-est. will wox’k'in the evening x-eading News writing on the paper inproof on one of their three days eludes the reporting of campus ac-
The senior staff members of the ^j^^t they wox-k in the week. tivities, convocations, dances, and Exponent will outline the variety of While working on the paper the banquets. There is ample oppox-tun-jobs available. Call-out is open to students who are on the staff will ity for the mox-e literary minded
all civilian students as well as to
call-out will be held Fx-id-iy at 4:45 p. m. in Room 366 of the Union.
taken up by a violinist just as a sideline. The viola was a very popular instx'ument eax-ly in the 18th centux-y and many great composex-s of that time as well as in modem times have created music for it. The concert Satux-day will begin at 7:30 p. m. Doors of the Hall of Music will be opened at 6:46. War Bonds Drive Begins; University's Quota Set At $50,000 Tomorrow at exactly 9 p. m., the third war bond loan drive will officially stax-t in Tippecanoe county, hex-aided by the rattle of dmms, banging of dishpans and the blare of automobile horns. The highlight of the drive will come on Sunday, September 12, when Lt. Rudy Vallee and his Coast Guard Bapd will appear in the Music Hall fhr one stop on their foux--day tour of
Indiana.
Women of the University, faculty wives, members of the staff, and coeds, ax-e taking an active part in tlxis' campaign. “Back the Attack” is their slogan. Co-eds will sell bonds and stamps, at the Bgoth in. the Union during the drive. Bonds will also be sold over WBAA from Sept. 9 to Sept. 30. All one has to do is to
Dr. G. D. Scarseth, liead of the the station and place an order.
men, regular students, and cadettes are welcome, and instruction will be given to beginnex's. Fx-eshmen women will be given pex-mission to attend the old-fashioned square
dance, also.
The calendar for the month of
September is as follows;
Wednesday, 8th—Modern Dance
Call-out.
Archery practice, Wednesday and
Thursday.
Monday, 13th—Hockey practice,
M. T. W. Th. F.
Wednesday, 15th—Fix-st Golf
Px-actice.
Tuesday, 21st—Cabin Leaders’
Ag School Sponsors Soil, Crop Field Day
the bond or purenase order at any from 7:30 to 9. Freshmen ''''’^^^hex-s afternoons of next are given an oppox-tunity to make or senior editor, since the appor- ■‘■v-
of the afox-ementioned places Seats for the evening pex-fox--mance will not be reserved. Students will be admitted by presenting this semester’s schedule card oxfee receipt. Because the University is sharing the expenses of the pi-o-gx-am, sex-vicemen will be admitted only on presentation of social recre-
ation tickets.
girls will have pex-mission to attend. Instruction will be given to beginners. Everyone is welcome to the old-fashioned jittex-bug session. Ad Staff Ad staff meeting tonight at 5 p. m. Please be there! —GAUNT,
gain a wealth of px-actical experi- students who wish to write featur- j . 4. -n 1 j
the RCA, Curtis Wright cadettes, ence, as they ax-e expected to wx-ite ized ax-ticles that catch the interest Univex-sity agronomy department, axxangemen ® ® ®
and servicemen. New fx-eshmen ax-e stories, interview px-ominent men and attention of the x-eaders. announced today that the annual ® ® ^
especially ui-gefl to attend the call- and women, x-ewrite press releases. All of the students who attend University Soils and Cxops Field ^ aiinmn o t e -o-e
hand in featui-e articles and read the call-out will have an equal meeting will be held at the ex- ivision o e nivexsi y omen, A training school will bo held fox- proof. Latex- in the year sophomores chance to gain a position .-xs a junior fax-nx on Thuxsdexy, Sep- announce a o.5„
University Women is $50,000 while
week. These schools are designed to up the paper and assign heads to tionment of jobs to eds and coeds is Starting at 9 o’clock that morn- eutiie
instruct new reporters in the more the stories in ox-dex’ of their impox-- on the basis of quality and quan- farmex-s will be escorted by ^ > > • fundamental aspects of writing tance. tity of wox-k done during the fresh- Univex-sity staff' members over the stories, gathering information, and Experience Unnecessary man and sophomox-e yeax-s on the farm, studying the results of re-
using- Exponent style. Those who Px-eyjous journalistic experience paper. The students who start wox-k search work underway,
attending this introductory course is nob necessary in considering the as fx-eshmen gain the benefit of a Dr. E. L. Butz, University agriwill be instructed in these prin- Exponent as an, activity, although year’s expex-ience in writing for the cultural economist, and Dr. Scarciples hy junior and senior members a backgix’mmd in high school news Exponent which those who start as seth will be the principal speakers of the Exponent staff. The sessions writing and editing is valuable as a sophomox-es wdl be unable to ob- on the program which will follow
will be about an hour in length. preparation fox- this work. The tain. lunch.
Exponent Staff
There will be a meeting of the Junior and Senior Exponent Staff and the Advisory committee in the Agricultural Experimental Station at 4:15 p, m, on
Thursday Sept. 9.Purdue Exponent combined with Purdue Independent
Offices Ediforial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10pm, 5377
Editor Business Manager News Editor Managing Editor Sports Editors
Ellis Murph Mary Dilt William H Tysoi Carolyn Wilbut Rnimond Tl Smith Russell M LIpes
Publication Staff Editorial Staff
Associate Editors Jack Abbett Ruth Ford Katv Howes Mad ebn firo*nes Peg StelTcs
Business Staff
Adrertising Manager C h Cant Assistant Advertising Manager B tty Maney Cireulation Manager R t Sa ler nan
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor “teffes Day Editor Grotnes
Citv Editor Ford Issue Editor Repoiters Cinctt 01 r M or W crnci Gicgoi Atip rgci \\ r cl 1 H rmo n Oi I n S nion Ilei hey son P Ri 1 aid on B G'egorv Pagliarulo Baynes
Issue Editor Margoiis
\ ri oma
'’corge
Entered as second class matter at the post office In Lafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 187*1 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of Oc ol cr 3 1917 authorized January 20 1922 Published on Tuesday Thursday and Saturday mornings duy mg tie yeai \cei t corta n yacalon periods Delivered daily by carrier for 31 eg for i semester by mail for $1 60 for a semester S bscr i tions m y be obtained at the Exponent office or at the W st Desk of the Union Represented for i ational advertising by National Advertls ing Serv ce Inc College Publishers Representatives 4zu Madison Ave Nc v York N Y
qiie mSHMTOM
Tm R«9 U S P,«< 0(f
Merry-GO-ROUND
By DREW PEARSON
State Department Needs New Policy; U, S. Leaders Make Only Two Peace Moves In History (Editor s Nott This is the first in a sci les of Wash ington Morn Go Round columns on the State Department no" holding the spotlight in Washington)
WASHINGTON—Except foi two biief and faltei ing steps fiom 1918 to 1920 undei Woodiow Wilson and from 1930 to 1932 iindei Heniy L Stimson the United States h-is ncvci attempted to take any woild leadeishiji foi pc ice Aftei Wilsons attempt failed Secietiiy of State Stimson picked up the Kellogg pact tiled to give it teetlv and used it to the best of his ability to check the fiist Japanese lampage and the Woild Wai which he felt was suie to follow Both of these attempts weie blocked paitly by ineitia at home paitly by old fashioned Euiopean dip]omac5 in iihich Biitish balance of powei politics plajed its lole and paitly bj lack of piepaiation by oui own diplomats to play a majoi lolc in woild af fans The game "as too ne" to us Oui State Department had been rutted too long in the comfortable grooves of traditional American isolation Our diplomats had had dinned into them "ith then fiisl ABCs that the USA "ould keep its fleet in the Pacific lelj on the po"erful British fleet in the Atlantic and Meditei ranean Never in their " ildcst dreams did they con ceive the dav when a bidlv ciippled British fleet would rely on the U S nav\ in I uropean wateis and that an American aimv would be fighting in the Meditei ranean Britains Seapower Since the Biiti-vh fleet dominated the Old Woild the caidinal policy of the Stite Depaitment was to follow Biitish diplomicy not onh m Euiope but the Neai East the Middle Eist ind to a consideiable extent the Fai East Only m L itm Amei ica did U S diplo mats excit an\ deg ice of independence This IS cited here now not as i ci iticism but to in dicate how de])endent oui diplomacy was in those lela tively simple days ind how much oui diplomacy hao to leain if we aie now to wiite a poim uicnt peace This is something in w hith the entire nation is vital 1> interested The bovs at the fiont are not doing any name calling now they aic not even doing much talking But if when they tome home they find the peace they have won run into the ground then they maj hurl some uglv toui letter Roosevcltian vvoids at those lesponsible The bo\s who aie doing the dving aic glad to do it as long as the kids they left I ehmd won t have to do all ovei again But thej didn t give uijonc a blank check to follow old f ishioned diplomacy which will sign away the lues ol then sons 20 jeais iiom now New Methods fhej have seen what i slicamlined Wai Dopait ment can do with new lightning methods which have levolutioni/ed waifaic J hey Imvc seen the navj pei form miiaclcs with aimoi plare ladai and listening devices They know that Amciican genius and A^mei lean cflicicncy ai c cciual to un thing J hey expect that ,,cnius and th it etficicnc3 to be applied to winning the peace just is cftcctivclj as they have applied it to winning the wai Some ol the Picsider t s 1 est fi ic rids including many jnsidc his C al met and his administi ation feel that putting Anienein loieign policv ind the Stite De paitment which ulministeis it on the same stieam lined 1 ISIS is the Mai Dcpaitmcit is the most im
^rmy Deserves F^h Trial.. . . , Changes aie made and before long there is again a need for another change Nothing is ever peifect but there’s noth)i)g wrong in striving for peifection, as long as it is beneficial to otheis Recently the aimy lengthened the present term for the Aimy Specialized Trainees taking engineering by four weeks The term lengithening, however, applies only to this teim and the regulai twelve week semester will be resumed for the following semesters. This change was not made because the men weren’t able to handle the concentrated work, but to make the AST terms here out of step with the STAR units at Fort Hayes The army men have now provemto all those in doubt before, that they are quite capable of ■‘^handling this concentiated study And that they are aware of the amount of work they have to do Why then should tfiey be resfneted any moie than the other servicemen training here ’ The training may be more rigid but the aimy hasn’t fallen down on anything yet, and it’s very likely that they’ll work more effectively if given an incentive for work It’s only natural that people Will work hardei if they know they are to be rewaidedi. But they aie motivated more directly by the immediate than by the ultimate lesults of their efforts So at present their interest would be m an immediate reward for their efforts lather than in the long-time compensation of education As was suggested by one service man, the top fifty per cent should be allowed to have later hours and be able to come and go as they wish It seems only fair that these men should be allowed this privilege which is extended to the V-12’s and marines This plan would not only add an incentive foi study but would tend to build up the morale of the men and actually speed up the present program It should at least be given a fair trial and may lead into an increase m the aimy men’s efficiency, possibly aid in inci eased ci-vihan-army understanding, and appieciably lessen the piesent griping —m a g
poitant and neglected task facing him When Thomas Jefferson, the first Secretary of State, moved into his headquarters in Philadelphia he had a staff of four clerks, one Fiench interpreter, three Ministers and sateen Consuls His letters to Ministers were labortously ^pied in the American letter book required four to six weeks to reach then destination by Clipper ship, and sometimes were written in invisible ink with a notation on the outsidg “lo be sunk m case of danger from the enemy ’ The State Depaitment has made gieat piogiess since then Today a batteiy of telegiaph opeiatois woiking all night shifts send and leceive messages fiom eveiy coinei of the world They aie decoded mimeogiaphed and placed on the desks of the Secie taiy of State and his assistants within an houi aftei then aiiival Covering The World On the top floois of the State Depaitniem; aie vol unnnous files covering every section of the woild plus diplomatic notes and consulai lepoits dating back to the Founding Fatheis On papei also the State Depaitment s machineiy is peifect It it divided into geogiaphical divisions the Em opean division the Fai East division the Amciican Republics division Undei each a man is detailed to study a ceitam countiy its tiade politics its leadeis and its pioblems Many of these men aie most intelligent and among the nation s most conscientious public seivants I he fact remains however, that most people in the United States, even in Washington think of the State Department as a club of blue stocking Bostonians " ho wield their forks with their left hands and are no more representative of American life than the Redskins "horn their ancestors pushed west Bioadly speaking this is not true Yet there is just enough truth in it to make the pictuie peisist Out of the several thousand diplomats consuls cleiks and stenogiapheis who leally make up the State Depait ment both at home and abioad only a few deseive the epithets they get However, these happen to be placed in stiategic places wheie they constantly and consist ently act as 4 cindei in the public eye Utifortunate Position Theie aie two bthei conciete reasons foi the State Depaitment’s unfoitunate position First a sense of self impoitance is inspned by asso ciation with Monaichs and Ambassadois which turns the head of almost eveiy young man even though he tomes fiom a small town shaves his neck and has a nasal twang which sends cold shiveis down the spine of the chief of piotocol Second is the fatf that Cordell Hull consistently has held back against getting more funds and more good men to help mould foreign policy at a time when it laigely holds the nation’s futuie (Anothei column 0/1 what’s wiong with oui Slate Depaitment will follow soon) (Copyiight 1943 by United Featuie Syndicate Inc)
GRIN
Ely Lie^| Personnel Notes
Odmpanies scheduled lo visit the campus* The Glenn L. Martin Co, Baltimore, lyfayyland—Friday, Septembei. Iff Intel ested m A E, ME) CE, EE, PSE General Motors Cdrporation, Detjoit, Michigan—September 10 and 11 Intel ested m Engmeeis, Chemists (Men and Women) The Atlantic Refining Company, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania — Monday, September 13 Interested in Chemical Engineers, Chemists Shell Devejopmpnt Company, Emeryville, California, -1— Wednesday, Septembei 22 Intel ested in Chmeists, ChE, ME, CE, EE, Physicists Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, N Y.—Tuesday, September 21 Interested in Chemists, Ch E , M E , E E , PS B , Physicists National Union Radio Corpoia-
r n v t I J t, tion, Newark, N J—September'29 Interested m E E , Physicists General Electric Compasny. Schenectady, N Y —Date to b4 announced Interested m ME, Bp
“You heal that, Snodgrass‘S A $200,000 shortage pose that means we lose another employe
. . I sup-
Just Looking Around By Jack Abbett The fiist days of the invasion of Italy haye passed and the Geimans have as yet been unable to find a formula that will work in announcing the invasion to the Geiman people Along with the announcing of the invasion of Europe, the German piopaganda leaders are going to have to tell their people about the “planned withdiawal” on the Russian front, which somehow seems ,to have slipped out of the planned stage and Jigsaw puzzle about lelations be turned into a “run as fast as ^^ween Russia and BiJtam and the J. ,, , J. ,1 United States Russia hgs got her you can, fellows, before the , „ e -a^ ^ *' ’ ’ wish of an invasion of Euiope but stupid Russians catch up with u 3 j^g); gj j|;g gjosest us ” When the Germans do get Russian fi fends m the dismissal of leady to announce the sad news to Litvinoff Also the fun the anti thou people it should be an intei Russian diplomats have had m get esting case of tiying to smooth ovei ting iid of Sumnei Welles and his
forces might bq heading eventually foi Prance bpcause they wpuld get bettei coopeiation from the French than the Rnglish could hope to ex pect —X X— In between the unknown location of the Ameiican foices and the Biitish aimy in Italy are the combined fleets of England and the United States The place wheie the fleet turns up is very likely to be the place of the next invasion, but where the fleet will turn up is piiie ly a speculative mattei It might be that the combined fleet will entei into Some excitement on either side of the Italian boot, but it is unlikely that fuither opeiations will be stalled in Fiance and in the Balkans at the same time
These companies aie not scheduled to visit the campus, howeVei, they aiq intei ested in student^ fot employment i Thg General 'fire Ai)d Company, Akron, Ohio—Interested in fh D Chemists, Chemical Bhgi^ neeis Sign in Personpel Offipe by Septembei 11 Sylvania Electiic I'roducfs Inc., Salem, Mass —Interested in M E, E E , Physicists Sign in Personnel Office by September 11 Wagner Electric Corporation, St Boms, Mo—Intel ested ip EE, M E , Ch E Sign in Perspnpel Office by Septembei 11 ‘ Dravo Corporation, Pittsburgh Pa —Intel ested in A E , C E j M'^i 1 E E Sign in Personnel Office by Satuiday, Septembei 11 Edward G Budd Manufacturing Co, Philadelphia) Pa—Interested in AE, CE, ME, BE Sign, in Peisonnel Office by Safuiday, Septembei 11 Universal Gear Coiporation, Eiidianapolis, Ind—Intelested in ME Sign in Peisonnel Office by September 16 Bakelite Corporation, New Ypyk, N Y —Interested in M E , Cl) E Sign in Peisonnel Office by Wednesday, September 15 Standard Railway Equipment Manufacturing Company, Hammond Ind —Intel ested in M E Sign in Peisonnel Office by September p E I duPont de Nemours & Co, Richmond Va—Inteiested in Ph.D Chemists Sign m Peisonnel Office by Septembei 18 Try An Exponent Classified!
a veiy bid siUiation
—X X—
One of the high Biitish militaiy officeis attending the most lecent Roosevelt Chui chill confeieiice in Canada lemaiked to one of the news men that things weie dull and that he ciavcd i little excitement The excitement has ailived and fiom the way the excitement ailived it seems vciy unlikely that anything at the Roosevelt Chuithill confei ence was dull Only the newsmen consideiod the meeting dull and that was because they wcie lefused ad mitt nice to the confei ence hotel Because the newsmen weie lefused
clique m the State Depiitment seems to add to the mysteiy of the situation But the Geimans must be just as mystified as we aie and that makes the situation all the bettei for the United Nations —X X— With the wheieabouts of the United St ites forces undei Geneials Pat ton ind Clark still a mysteiy it is only natuial that we guess what is then future plan of action The Ameiican attack might come above that of the Eighth Aimy in Italy 01 it might start thiough Sardinia and Coisica Attack thioiigh Italy would be in a pinceis movement against
m bamcm nci LEARN TO DANCE ADULT RALLROOM CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S, Wed , Sept 15, 7 30 P M ADVANCED, Thurs , Sept 16, 7 30 P M ADULT TAP CLASSES BEGINNER'S, Sept 15, 6 15 P M ADVANCED, Sept 16, 6 15 P M CHILDREN'S Classes
Sat, Sept 18
ll
, 1 I. 1 i I i, tbe Axis foices in the toe of the
entiance they immediately took it y, , , . mi y, , , , , , ,, Italian boot The attack through
upon themselves to decide wheie the next attack was headed foi They soil of lost then beaimgs and got pointed in the diiection of Japan but the leal liuth of the meeting is liable to point to an attack m the neai futine on anothei one ot 11 pan s conquered possessions It might be inteicsting to watch Indi i and Buinii in this connection foi with the Buima Road leopened a direct attack might be planned
against the Japanese
—X X—
The invasion of Italy is goin^ to add a little moie mysteiy to the
itililJli - LAST times JODAY — /// Xv..
Sardinia on the othei hand, might mean that the Bzitish and Ameii ran foices have parted company with one going after the Axis thiough Italy and the other going to play a game of death with the Nazis in Fiance Ihe Ameiican
ARC COOL WASHED AIR — LAST TIMES TODAY FIRST RUN WESTERN
WBAA Schedule gdntsdaj 10 jO—News 10 45—Moining McIoJk s 11 00— Wc Have Met J he Fn cmv 11 i5T-Moinmg Matinee 11 50 -Puiduc News 11 55—News 12 00—harm Foium 12 30—Meet the Band 12 66—News 1 00—Home M4keis Club oi the All 1 15—Music
— ALSO — ADVENTURES OF SMILIN' JACK No — Plus —- COLOR CARTOON
11'
1 45—Maikets 1 55—News 2 00—Stoiy i Day 2 15—liea*-uiy Stai Paiade 2 10—Radio Camel a Cub 2 4o—-Music 2 56—News 00—Lee and hti Piano 0 15—WAVES Reciudii g 1 0—Musical Vaiielics 1 5*'—News 4 00—lea lime lunos 4 30—Just Relax 4 55—News 5 00—I ittle Miss Muftet 5 30—Vespeis
5 460 000 01b 667 007 167 467 668 00-
9 solo 06-
-Spoil Review -A Minute of Piajei -Diiinei Houi -News -Plans Foi Peace—Prof Aljqrg -Music -Music -News -3rd War Loan Broadcast National an/i State Pio giam -Anything But Swing —Off the All
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
HEROINES FJR5T...BUT WOMEN IN LOVE..,iALWAY$
CLAUDETTE PAULETTE VERONICA COLBERT GODDARD TAKE So Proudly Wb Hah
A ParamovnI Picture
wmms
LAST TIMES TODAY
—— GALA PREMIERE WITH SPECIAL PRELUDE ON THE STAGE TODAY, 8:30 P. M. BENEFIT ARMY EMERGENCY RELIEF
fffM
PRICES FOR THE PREMIERE LOGE $4 40
ORCHESTRA
Last 18 rows $3 30 1st 10 rows and boxes $2 20 BALCON,Y V $1 10
JPONSORED BY FIRST NIGHTER? COMMITTEE ARMY EMERGENCY RELIEF UNDER AUSPICES AMERICAN LEGION LAFAYETTE POST No 11
OPENS THURSDAV’AT OUR
PCPUL/^R PRICES
TICKETS NOW ON SALE AT BOX OFFICE—PHONE RiESERYAflWO^S 75103^
TODAY--MATINEE ONLY
NOTE ON ACCOUNT OF THIS IS THE ARMY PREMIER WEDNESDAY EVENING AT 8 30 P M THE LAST PERFORMANCE OF HI DIDDLE DIDDLE WILL START AT 4 00 P M WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON? I . V ' (
,f!t»t ‘5!‘
Army„ Jmvy^ mtirim News
IM^:
fmr SeMvim MqM9 By Service Men
"'^yj'J"p|T'B""^ii'Wi“
iii|iiijiiiiii,iiiip.m.i
Fa^ $
f|5 i Exebmmge
p Jf <«5<':i^oti» tljift asijvjQe inen. t^t ot^iiW colleges: M Ujiivejjgitx of Gali;Eortiia, sNavy mfin have taken the lead in ^henamtng’ the houses at> whieh they ■ajj^^l^^^iifjtjed tothpw Nayy heroes. ^0 qpijsifjering dolpg a#tp& "With eleven frat Army ha^ Ipaisedv i a%ijieSi8fld!X-12a »|yllH* n^hiqgr dp^ 0|;>, tl^eir BjiAdays have V^kep; Ije “blijtsip®” fipI4a-^Qde for «^|li witfr harv^eetijUg; in ap, t ita wlmje faiiflilwiin^s ttr® tl^^ji, 50ft Oiji;ci)ied ip a ^eek dild Sunday ap4 <3pfl),e tjij>:oMgh, with Sft,ft00 pounds-^25, tons. Purdue ipen \5th0 are looking for'^dtd to seeing Agdse in action ^l^hinst Illhiois, ahd Vdcanti in action ai^aipst lewp, might cohsider ihe recent rueful baseball meetirtg between Columbia and Yale. The jtdrting pitcher for Columbia—via good old V-12-twas last year’s No. ^ moundsman fot' Yale. The starting stajHiing^pitcher fori^Yale by the'
eame route was last year’s No. 1 hurier for Coluttlfeia. Just wlfom does an old Eli root for ? _E.p_ Illinois AST’s have acquired a weeH-day curfew only recently, the Daily Illihi reports, to—and again this is entirely second hand<—the great chagrin of the co-eds. So this sergeant from nearby Chanute Field walked onto the campqs, went to the ASTP office, and verified the curfew ruling. Then" he got hold of a typewriter, typed up a note and pinned it onto his chest. It said merely: “I am not in ASTP and Ivdon’t have to observe any kind of curfew. I can stay out just as late as you want to,” Reports on success of the maneuvers aie unfoitunately not available. —P-E— Michigan State has shelved varsity football for the duration, but there’s going to be football on the campus nonetheless. ASTs on the campus—and the Spartans have a big STAR unit—are getting up an intramural league. Buy War fionefs And Stamps
S^ke Men May Attend Mcvii«, Bijs Alfeiwe# A one-hour program of GI movies will be presented in the Armory this afternoon at 4 o’clock. The first of these, in the nature of a hewsreek will give GI glimpses of rationing, the WA^Gs, Marines on Guadalcanal and Russian, soldiers. The rest of the program consists of an interview with Gapt. Clark Gable and a group sing. The prograpr wilf bq repeated tomorrow at 4. { Beauty Contest Hea,^f|iiari^^r5^ l^ljci^s for the KxjPioBepI, men’s Bea,i)[ty Copliesli ropy pow ft# handed in tOj the Baji^te^y (^cdeijly rooms foi; the ai^ anft- tq, l^opip 137 West Cary Hqlli fqr the Nnvy and Ma^riftes,. Sineq the Uhipn Bpilding is pol; easily available to all men, these arrangements have been made with the ^oua a^nfy bakteeipa apft, lyifh ht. (j^g.) Lep Stopjera, lyho saopep, Rooni ^ accessiifte. to, ai)i) the navy and marine pjon, ip, ^a);y Buy War Bonds Apd Stamps
W'JMV'W " I ' Navy Will Supply RimS V42 iHsttijctors Pravip^i^^rgi l?eijig u^ade^^o supply University instructors with; any ©iiHicational films they deshe to show to their navy classes, it was revealed today by Ut. H. S. pflwson. Stores Officer of the V-12 station g.t Purdue. TI?ere isppthipg ipapdatory about the showing of these films to navy studep,fSt ^^^piainpd the Lieutenant, but rathen they :■ are serve as a supplepient to
A^TP Terms _ Lemiflkeried to Sixteen Wei^s
-g-®— ^ S f y-j-aST Patter By T/6 Morris Better
■PW
Enter Your Photog^dpHs Now!-
Army—Leave Photos at Battery Orderly Rooms •i Navy—^Marines—Leave Photos in Rboni 137 W. Cary Hall
All Servicemen—Leave Photos in Exponent Office (Union Bldg.)
Exponent Service Meni Seauty Contes
the large store o:^ ffiw which the University plr^ady pog-
sc.sses.
A surveF^f"all"UifiV^rglty eq^uipment and projection facilities hps been undertaken by Chief Otfo J. Bonds, whp is as-
Army specipjiaed training stn- listing U. Dawson in thq preparadents in personnel and psychology ® aud^o-visual aids
will have their present term lengthr
ened to sixteen weeks along with all “After we learn just what films students in thh engineering courses, various schools have on han<k’^ according to an annpnncement from stated Chief Bonds, “we’ll be in a F. Cl Mockema, Executive Dean of hatter position to obtain the onek t.ViP. TlnivAT-Bitv fhat will be useful to the instructors, their curricula near the end of Sep- From Chicago tember will now finish October 23. , Educational fUms for Naval Dis-
The 926 taking the courses will then
receive the usual leave between Se- are issued from the District mesters. November 4 is the date for Library in Chicago, reporting back to the University A large volume of movmg pictures while registration for the new terni kept there according to the chief, will take place on November 5 and added that practically every 6, glasses' will begin November 8. classrooms toEeason Given Library’s _ - , , , catalogue of available films. Reason for the extended term, ac- ^dq„for use cording to Dean Hockema, was that j,y University.
The navy will supply the pecessary
men in the Specialized Training and
Reclassification units would thus be p,.ejector and screen, if it is requesta sufficient number of weeks behind instructor, and Chief the Specialized Training Units to g^^^g ^g operator, facilitate easy assignment and Barracks
In addition to classroom demonstrations, plans are being made to show films in the navy barracks and in Naval Organization (NN1> classes. Films that are designed only for naval personnel will be shown
at those times.
The navy station here is in permanent possession of eight new Eastinan 16- mm. sound projectors in addition to a small amount of films. The bulk of these films whjch are being placed at the disposal of the University, however, must be
, , , , , ordered from Chicago and can only
been reduced enough to warrant the ^
transportation of men for AST. Beginning November 8 all terms will be of twelve weeks duration according to the original procedure.
Polio Epidemic Decreases, Pass Ban Ma'mtained
Poliomyelitus epidemic has not
lifting of the special precautions that have been suggested to all students according to “Doc” Miller of
the Student Health Service,
The Forum
By Pfc. Gabriel Elias
We also occasionally leceive pictures which are relayed from station station,” added Chief Bonds. “They are considered first-rate and
While the epidemic has decreased are sent out from Chicago in anticiin severity theie is still danger and pation of a heavy demand.”
the weekend pass ban to Chicago, Indianapolis and other large centers will be maintained until further
notice.
Pvt. Raymond Leese is now at the Home Hospital with an infected foot, while Pvt. Raymond Noimaln iS them with a “strep” thioat. At St. Elizabeth’s Pvt. Pollack is recovering from an appendectomy. V-12 IM Schedules Army Softball Wednesday, Sept. 8 * Diamond— H—A1 vs. B7&8 12— ■A2 vs. D3 13— A3 vs. C2 14— A4 vs. Cl 15— A5vs B2 16— A6 vs. C5 17— A7 vs B3 18— B4 vs. D1 19— B5 vs. C3 20— B6 vs. D2 21— C4 vs. C7 22— C6 vs. D4
Navy & Marine Softball Thursday, Sept. 9
1— Al vs. A5 2— A2 vs. A6 3— A3 vs. E4 4— A4 vs. E3 5— A7 vs. B6 6— A8 vs. B8 7— B1 vs. D5 8— B2 vs. Cl 9— B3 vs. M? 10— B4 vs. D6 11— B6 vs. C6 12— B7 vs. D3 13— A2 vs. C8 14_C3 vs. D1 16_C4 vs. D2 16— C6 vs. M9 17— D4 vs. MIO 18— El vs. M8 19— E2 vs. Mil
Soldiers See How Coeds Solve Shee Ration Blues Several ASTP men on the campus werq given neW and mteiesting enli^htment concerning civilian shoe rationing. As they were lounging aiound the d6or before class, what should they see but two coeds walking along in the rain minus their ahons. In th.nlr hand^ thqy cartieij their shrinkable huaraches as they blithely skipped along to class.
Editor’s Note: The Forum is the service man’s personal column. Should he agree, disagree or not care, we woud like to know. Those wishing to talk about SomOthing different (withm reason) that’s bothering them, should write to the Forum, c/o the Egppnent, Union Quilling. We’ll hoeh it
out in this cofumn.
World Realism The world is Smaller today than New York State was in 1776. I know more about, meet more often, resent and like more intensely, am affected more directly, by the Chinese Coolie in Chantung today, than a resident of New York City in 1776 knew about a resident of Buffalo. In human terms, space is not measured by miles. The distance between people IS measured by their ability to meet and speak with each other. A person in jail, who cannot see his brother who lives 100 yards away, is further away from him in actual human terms and effect, than a Purdue Student is from a distant acquaintance whom he can visit, or correspond with in China. The radio, telephone, wireless, and airplane have brought us Americans in intimate contact with the people all over the woi’ld. Whether we want to or not these devices compel us to rub shoulders with the Africans in the Sahara, the Hindus in Calcutta and the Russians in Taganrog. We have no choice. We cannot escape our neighbors. Today everybody in the world is our neighbors. Today the world is one small social oiganism, and, as in eveiy organism, the activities of any single person in any part will affect the entire body and every individual one of its membeT,s. There IS no way of insulating one group or nation f^ainst the rest of the world except by eliminating the incentive progiess of the last century. This fact, that human distance is measured in terms of communicating media, is implied in the thought, “You can’t bring nations together unless they speak the same language.” The undeilying thought that people must be able to talk with each othei befoie they agiee on anything is a tiuism that cannot be ovei-emphasized But we must not degeneiate this truth into a falsehood by di awing impossible conclusions to obstiuct progiess.
Ope hundred and sevqn days to Xmas: It^s really much too warm to think about such things but since the Post Office Dep’t. has mentioned it, it plight be well to pass the infopmatiqp op.’ The shop-ea;:ly, ppailearly campaign has begun so that soldiers overseas may get their gifts ip time for the holiday. The suggested mailing dates are between Sept. 15 and Oct. 15. The usual request letter from the soldier will not be required during these dates. The Restrictions on size and number of packages remain, howqvqr. Army Postal Service expects to handle ten nfiliion Xipas gift packages fur overseas—twice last year’s number. Unity through rivalry.: The threeway singing daels at the^Music Hall have been characterized by President BHiott as “vocal contests to settle differences as well as likenesses.” It reaHy is quite a noisy spectacle to see 3jOOO servicemen kid and praise each other in song. However,* neither the rivalry nor the sinking can be considered unique in any way. The former comes for a commendable thing called “pride in organization” and the latter stems frmn an intangible something which, while it defies analysis, is quite normal among servicemen—whether it happens to be three around a piano or 300Q in £^n auditorium. There’s no overlooking or belittling the part music plays. The War Dep’t. is so aware of its importance that it promotes bands, choruses, orchestras and entertainment to assure a singing soldiery. Singing reflects unity, promotes unity, maintains unity and, in these days when a vigorous unity is the keynote to victory, it would be unusual only to see a group of soldiers who didn’t sing. From time immemorial, the cause of a fighting people has always been elevated in song. No less true is this today. Soldiers of the British Empire, of Free France, of China, of Soviet Russia, of the European undergrounds all have songs which acclaim their cause and give them unity and stiength. Dming the early 1930’s, for example, when their land was overrun by the Jap war machine, the Chinese people withdrew to the interior, organized and educated an army of farmers and workers and taught them how to sing. How China has risen is elegant testimony to the unity and solidarity that IS created when people work, fight and sing together. From the Soviet Union where music has always ha,d an exlated position, comes this tale which ther emphasizes the value of singing: Two Nazi officers dressed in Red
Army uniforms, on an intelligence mission, stopped a Soviet youth of about 10 and made inquiries ahotft the location of the headquarters of the local guemlla unit. In perfect Russian, they tokia story of hijnsr they were separated from their outfit and that they desired to join the guerrillas in order that they might continue to fight against the "fascist dogs”. The boy agreed to assist them and, seemingly oblivious the fact that he was being duped, led them out of the village mtq the hills. For two hours they followed a trail to headquarters, the youth whistling a tune as they walked along. When they arrived, the pleasure of the disguised Nazis was only momentary for the youth had led them into a trap. They were perplexed over the way he managed to penetrate their disguise. “I didn’t at first”, the boy told them, “but I realized that not once during our walk here did you sing. No Red Army soldier can go two hours without a song.” \ The singing rivalry at the Music Hall is, unquestionably a good omeq. A singing Army is a cheerful army and a cheerful army is an invincible Army.
What’s cooking dep’t: This will be a busy week end for Union members and non-union members alike. For the former, the regular Friday evening movie will be “Stormy Weather” and on Saturday night Richard Crooks, tenor and William Primrose, violist will be the first Fall convo feature ... On Sunday afternoon, Lt. Rudy Vallee and orchestra will do a show at |:he Music Hall with all hands welcome ... In town, “This is the Army” is definitely worth a visit over the week end . . . Keep Saturday, Sept. 25 open. This is the night of the allArmy show on the campus and, big doin’s aie promised. Odds ‘n” ends: A word or tribute is in order for the poor sailor who has no pockets in his trousers. He keeps his wallet on his belt, his handkerchief up his sleeve, his pen and pencil in tfie front of his shirt, his cap in back of his shirt and his cigarettes in his sock .. . Tiny, the huge, hybrid St. Bernard certainly' gets around. He pops up at classes, the chow line, PE, and all cultural events. He certainly captured the limelight at the convo last week ... The latest poop is that a games program will be substituted for calisthenics after the present 16-week period . . . The late floorshow at Beta Hou;se is a regular Saturnite feature with a fine talent array. Never a dull moment. Never a cover charge!
The important thing to remember is that it is the sum total of all the means of communication that draws people together, not any particular instrument. Language is only one tool of communication, A common language facilitates discussion, but men have ever been able to understand and speak with each other even when their languages differ. On the other hand, there is no substitute for actual transmission of message. If Peter of Puidue cannot transmit his thoughts to Mary of Minnesota University, the romance will fall through no matter how similar the two be in culture, habits, language, ideals etc. On the other hand if Chinaman Chai’lie in Shantung can phone or wire Boston Bob in the United States, the two will have some chance of getting together no matter how different their languages, and customs. As a matter of fact, in due time Boston Bob will get to understand Charlie Chinaman and the two will borrow from each other and adjust themselves to each other’s language and cultural requirements. Conversely, Peter of Puidue who cannot communicate with Maiy of Mmnesota will develop his own way, forget about her and become estranged. This is all the moie significant when we recall what obstacles the 13 American Colonies faced when the fiist successful union of independent nations was created. The fact that the man in New York spoke the same language as the Quaker in Philadelphia is ii relevant. The important point is that it took many weaiy months for a letter to tiavel between the two points. What good was it in ci eating understanding, good-will, and haimony of pm pose for a Yankee in Maine to speak the same language as a Southerner in Alabama if the two could not get their thoughts conveyed to each gthei! Compaied with the communication difficulty eqcounteied by the foundeis of our nation, the world, today, faces a
child’s pioblem.
Despite the fact that the colon-
ists did not constitute in 1776' as closely knit an organism as the entire world does today, our foresighted forefathers were able to understand the following an inescapable process. Whenever two people meet, a difference will inevitably occur. Eventually the difference becomes so acute that the people must do something climactic to settle it. There can be only two ways of settlmg differences that the parties are unable to compromise: BY BATTLE, or by sumbitting to a HIGHER AUTHORITY. On a national scale, differences between nations that are beyopd compromise can be settled only in two ways: by WAR, or by submitting to HIGHER AUTHORITY. Faced with a war between states over a petty boundary question, our forefathers decided to eliminate wars between the 13 originally independent colonial nations by creating the HIGHER AUTHORITY OP THE UNITED STATES. Now all differences between the one-time independent nations comprising our union are settled by the regular orderly proc-
esses of the United States.
The woild, today, is faced with more shoulder-rubbing than the American colonists faced in 1776. We cannot escape it. Thus far the world has shut its eyes, has stupidly" delayed inevitable progress, and has sought to hide behind rings of armaments and of oceanic waters. '?his the obstructors have called “Realism”. The only ftuits of this socalled “lealistic” process have been two world wais. If it is “reahstic” to refuse to accept the lessons of two wars, by gosh, then may God
give us more dreamers!
Hey, Mac
. . . Stop that smoking in Lcoii^t 0^ bpH(^ii]ig Sioj^ that cutting eoru^rs...» Help keep that grass green. K^?ep yim M oflf ^Ke fwni' ture in the Union.. .. ChMm ari^ another pa^rt of yuiMf anatomy. —Scuttle Butt Davy Jones.J^ge 4
0oilermaker Sports
ir'-
'''"" , ^ ' ' ,« ’■ SVedtiksday, September 8, 1943
16 Runners Report For Cross Country
Sixteen candidates for the cross country team have reported to Coach Hermon Phillips, a great percentage of these men
Cedi Isbell Drills Boilermaker Grid Squad On Passing
Grandstand Echoes
By Ray Smith
SPECTATORS WELCOME AT GRID PRACTICE
In order that the students may have an opportunity to watch the football team practice and to become more acquainted with the players, Coach Elmer Burnham has extended the privilege of visiting the practice field
behind the Fieldhouse each afternoon between 4 and 6. The one stipula- mural boxing tournament, bringing the total entries to 37.
having had previous experience. The V-12 trainees are provid- season’^ opener witrcTert^Lakes The tournament is to be held the first part of October, with the
ing many valuable runners, several of them having represented at the Naval Training Station,
With less than 'two weeks maining in which to prepare for the
Boxers Start Training For Intramural Contest Ten more boxers have signed up for the all-campus intra-
their schools in intercollegiate meets.
Two of the most outstanding are Tom Judge and Bill Beile. Both of these men have records
which indicate exceptional running ability. Tom Judge hails from Indiana’s campus, where he was a top point collector for the Hoosiers. Bill Biele, a lad from Illinois, is rated as one of the best distance runners
in the Conference.
In addition are some veterans
from last year’s Riveter squad. Ed - _ . 4. i j- ^ V, with the beginning of
Ericson, an outstanding freshman ^
distance runner, should be a valuable man. Larry Neilson, who was also an outstanding freshman run-
ner Bob
Softball Tourney Opens Intramural Autumn Activities
Coach Elmer Burnham has concentrated on aerial warfare. Cecil Isbell has devoted the bulk of his time to providing individualized intruc-
Vided for that purpose. The privilep of watching the team go through scheduled for the second week in that month, during the its daily workouts has not been granted in previous years. We are hoping . ^ ^ ^ .p „ , to see a large nupiber of interested persons at the field from now on, so psrvice men s Happy Hour Brogram . ... that we can show Coach Burnham that we appreciate his cooperation. ' Training of the boxers started yesterday with a discussion The weatherman did his best to stop last Saturjiay’s practice session of rules. A demonstration of ^
.. ^ tt • m j by delivering the ram in bucketfuls, but the Boilermaker gridders and hnYino- citnnpp mid the left , m , w n/r tion for the passers. Using a T-for- , . u i ooxing srance aiiu me leib Owens, D. E. McMil- .. ■ -..T. 4.1, coaches remained through a two-hour workout undaunted by the damp- 4.„ +i,„ i -.tt tt ■ t> xt-t. ..j —4.,™ 1—04.,..., ,,,.4.1, +i,„ . 4., ■ j 4,u 4. 44 T 4.1. • j jab. was given to the novice len, W. V. Gner, Roy Nihon and Dick
ness. Although the ram made the turf very slippery, the running and ^ ^
passing attacks operated with a surpi’ising efficiency. The civilian players turned out to be the best mudders as Lew Rose, Nate Laskin and
Len Milauskas all turned in commendable performances.
mation in combination with the short punt, the Boilermakers tried their hands at a variety 'of passes designed to outspeed the all-star
Great Lakes crew. Cycenas Injured
Jimmy Darr, Ed Cycenas, Sam
boxers by Coach Jim Beers. Haase. Most of the other entrants Jim Ladd, 135-pound exper- have had little, if any, previous exj u -u o i. lo perience. This will create better lenced boxer, has been helping because skill and willto show other fundamentals to the bouts
FORMER RIVETERS ON SERVICE TEAMS fighters,^while Chief Specialist Ber- fast*^nd'interesting. It looks as though the Riveters will face former players from Purdue nard Loft is working on the organ-
The fraternity Intramural sport Vacant!, and Blaine Hibler, all V-12 jg^gt three times during the coming grid season. Reports have been ization of the tourney. lypes of boxers are turning season will open tonight at 6 p. m. turned in the most effec- beard from the various camps where the former Boilermaker performers ®'^t 'including short, tall, stubby. Softball performances as passers yes- bave been making their presence known. At Great Lakes Forrest Me- xcuse rom long-armed, thin, heavy, southpaws, tourney. terday. Ed Cycenas pulled the liga- Qaffery is right in the thick of the battle for one of the end positions by Boxers will be excused from phys- “haymakers”, and all types of poAll fraternities wishing to parti- right knee near the yb-tue of his fine pass receiving. At Camp Grant two of last year’s varsity education classes for their train- tential boxing matei’ial. cipate in intramural sports who practice and the reports are backs, John Andretich and Bill Burghardt, are listed on the roster. Mar- hut they must report for roll gtjjj Time To Enter . ,, were not represented last night at that he will be laid up for the next quette coaches feel that they have taken care of one of the end slots by call first. This includes navy, ma- There is still plenty of time for in-
, has deve ope very ayora y. meeting of the fraternity ath- weeks. This will be a serious placing there Bill Combs, who was a first stringer here two seasons ago. and electrical school men. terested pugilists tb sign up, but 1 Young, a lad who won his fresh- department with “Chief” blow to the Boilermaker.s’as he was All workouts are being carried on they are advised to do so imme-
Clevett, should inform the Intra- Perdue’s lone major letterman ^ND THERE with the use of 14-ounce gloves, with diately, in order that they may takq mural Office. At the meeting decis- holdover. hoping that Ed Cycenas, who suffered a leg injury in scrim- all possible safety methods being advantage of the instruction that is ions were made concerning the soft- apparent that the coaches mage Monday, will be back in the game soon. .. . Doc Miller^s report says used in order to cut down the chance tieing given, ball tourney, steeplechase, tennis are still far from a definite decision that Cy will be on the sidelines for at least two weeks Another report of injury. The only injury sustained ' recently
man numerals, has good prospects. The first six men in the time trials on Wednesday previous to the first meet will make up the first compet-
ing team, however, this team will be doubles tourney and the golf tour- traveling squad and as- bas it that Michigan, has lost Julius Frank for the season,
subject to changes. The first three signments, especially at the ends
runners in any meet will automat- -p- ‘1,4 r;„„„ cinfthnll SrlipHnlP halfbacks. “There’ll be little - —
ically qualify for the next meet. The goftball will be played in an eight left for experimentation once
remainder of the squad will be com-
posed of the highest men in the time •
game schedule, each game lasting
we launch our schedule.” pointed
trials held between meets. This
innings.
All fraternities unable Burnham,” and every minute of
method eliminates the hazards of
to field a team by 6:15 will be forced to forfeit. The four best teams will
somewhat restricted practice time must do double duty.”
an off day, and also keeps all the pjg^y ^be final round. Milauskas And Rose Star men trying their best all the time. r^bg steeplechase, a relay that Two engineering students withCoach Phillips and the squad are successful last season, will out previous collegiate experience, eagerly looking forward to a sue- ^^g obstacle course in Leonard Milauskas, of Amsterdam, cessful season. three-man teams, with each man N. Y., and Lewis Rose, of Hobart,
running 400 yards. continued to make strong bids for IM Schedules Golf Tournament Planned Fraternity Softball Schedule ^ ^olt tourney will be run off
The fraternity softball tourney
begins tonight at six o’clock. The eighteen holes against an opfollowing games are scheduled with P°>ient from another fraternity.
The two scores then will be com-
Gold Peppers Hold Collegienne Chats For Freshman Women
thus far was a bloody nose that the ^be list of entrants coach, Jim “Readdddyyyy” Beers, ^ ^ ^ewis, Joseph Silver-
stein, Don B. Davis, James L. Sub-
acquired when he failed to move away from one of those wicked swings that are bound to appear in
more active circles.
speak to the freshmen women on the subject “How to Study.” Attendance at these programs
will decide if the Chats will be con- Only Five Experienced Entrants tinned in the future; therefore, it is Only five of the boxers have had particulai'ly important that there very much experience, and they are be a good attendance. entered in tlfe open class. These five
leh, J. F.-Zvirblis, S. Sussman,' Mac
Davis, Grier, Nihon and Haase.
Buy War Bondi
And Stamps
Tonight will be the first in an annual series of Collegienne Chats,
the halfback positions along with ^bich will be held in the Home EcoBill Stuart, Boilermaker reseiVe of nomics Building auditorium, and last season, who has improved his be sponsored by AWS as a part form and has been turning in sev- g£ ^be freshman orientation pro-
eral twisting runs for substantial
gains. Among other ball
gram.
camel's Today’s program will be given by
perhaps two or three more at the then wiU be com- u.u.x ^44*4 V44xx4.44, Today’s program will be given by last minute' bined to determine the vvinner. The broke loose for impiessive ^be Gold Peppers, a^l all freshmen Diamond 1 Tau Epsilon Psi vs. schedule will be played this gains were Tony Butkovich, hard women are urged to attend. Mary
Epsilon
Sigma Phi Epsilon, Pi Kappa Phi. Diamond 2—Acacia vs. Phi Sigma Theta. Diamond 3—Faculty vs. Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Psi. Diamond 4—Beta Sigma vs. Alpha Tau Omega, Phi Sigma Kappa. Diamond 5—Sigma Nu vs. Phi Kappa Sigma, Beta Theta Pi. Diamond 6—Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Delta Tau Delta. Diamond 7—Delta Upsilon vs. Lambda Chi Alpha, Sigma Pi. Diamond 8—Sigma Alpha Mu vs
Triangle.
week. Any team that is ready to hitting fullback; Keith Parker, jane Doll will preside over the proplay should make arrangements I’lght halfback and Stan Dudicki, g^am yvhich will be an explanation with another fraternity and sign halfback, who was named the “most gf ^be various activities on the cameach other’s score cards at the end valuable” back as a freshmen on p^g by the members of the senior of the round. undefeated Shurtleff College women’s honorary. Betty Wedge is Detailed information for the ten- eleven last fall. tbe president of Gold Pepners, and
With the first game of the Boiler- aH the other members will appear makers 1943 football schedule rap- during the afternoon,
idly approaching Coach Elmer Although freshmen students arc Burnham has made no predicition not eligible for activities until their on this year’s team, but from all second semester, it is well for them points of view it seems that the to become acquainted v/ith the ac-
nis doubles contest has not yet been
decided.
Riveter Track Team Has Initial Workout
team will be worth watching.
Notices
George: Your service page copy can not
be published until ybur correct name is
given US. —EDITOR Students Branch Members of ASME 'who
have not received July or August issues of “Mechanical Eng.” please pick it up in
804, ME Building. •—LEUTWILER To All Students: The American Society
of .Mechanical Engineers will hold an open
meeting Wednesday at 7 :30 p. m. in room Several Lettermen Back
108 of the ME Building. Prof. Hockema will talk and films about the University will be
shown. All freshmen are invited.
—GALLATIN
Sixth Semester High
School Students Attend University
Seventeen studying at
freshmen are the University
now
after
having completed only six or seven
Track Coach Homer Allen announced that 62 men have turned out for fall track. This is a very large turnout and consists mostly of V-12 men, although several lettermen from last year’s team have returned. Equipment will be issued at today’s piactice and workouts will be held
daily in the Stadium.
Two or three duel track meets may be scheduled this fall with In-
diana, DePauw and Butler Univer- semesters of high school training, sity as the opponents. according to C. E. Dammon, Direc-
tor of Admissions. Sixteen are tak-
Lettermen from last year’s team engineering, while one will
include Ben Harvey, who was third niajor in science.
in the 100 yard dash at the Big Ten a nlnn nvlD-inntPrl fm- tViP ASME Members: Important open meeting ,„,4. „„„„ t 1 n/r • ir ^ 01.1ginatecl toi tne SUmWednesday at 7:30 in room 108, ME Build- meet last yeai, J-iinDlaci, Majol, Van j-^er semester of 1942, has allowed mg. All members please Deman, Price and Young. Also out superior students completing their Applicants for C^^TFounty Scholarships: J-”', year of high school to apply Please contact Mr. Thompson in the Divi- oi^tstaiiciing'in nign niircllGs at BiRQ- adiTiissioii to the University :;rcoL^^re‘=nt?‘'^hSt?mTonL"t?“‘' year. the first group, 80 of the 200
Although many men in the V-12 qj. gQ applying have been accepted.
Tau Beta Pi: Keys for new members are piogram have turned out for track. Admittance Qualifications Bft« when"t:“yo"u":r„^‘‘con^ ^^out their ability. To qualify for admittance each tact me.^ woRMSER and since last night s practice was o^e of the students has made a high Chi Eta Epsilon: Meeting will be held Fri- ^^e initial woi’kout for the season, gi-ade on the orientation tests, and
Coach Allen could not comment on bas been approved by the Univer-
tivities so that they may make their choice when the time comes. Next Wednesday will be the second in the series of Collegienne Chats, and it will feature Miss Coolidge, Dean of Women, who will
This is the Army, Mr. Jones. A group of selectees sing their unhappy lament about “no private rooms or telephones” in this scene from Irving Berlin’s “This Is the Army,” filmed in Technicolor by Warner Bros. The picture starts with a reserve-seat Premiere at the Mars Theatre tonight at 8:30 P. M.
da>. Sept. 9, at 7:30 p. m. in room 110 of the Chemical and Metallurgical Building.
/ —HITE
Catalyst Club: Meeting and party will be held Thursday, Sept 8, on the Chemical and Metallurgical Building south steps at 7:30 p. m. —HITE Playshop Players, Theta Alpha Phi: Please attend meeting Wedneslay, Sept. 6, at 7:30 p. m. in the Playshop otlice. Impoitapt!
—STERNBERG
AWS Executive Board: Meeting at* 7:15 p. ra. Tuesday, Septembei 7, in the AWS office. —VEIT
I
Classified
Ads
Military Students: Studen military training duiing the
may get military refunds at Cashier's office starting September 8. —BRO\VN Debris Distribution: Debris are to be distributed in room 319 of the Union Tuesday thiough Friday from 4 p. m. until G p m.
EDITOR
Sophomore and Junior Civil Engineers: Are you thinking of >oui future as profesbionai engineers *' Attend talk on “Advantages and Privileges of Belonging to the ASCE” by Prof. Wilev on Tuesday, September 14, at 7:30 p. m. Room 201, Civil Building. —FREITAG Alpha Phi Omega: There will be a very important meeting of all members Wednesday, Septemlxir 8, at 7 p m. in room 307 of the Union. Plans for coming elections will bo made. —EAGLE Union Board: There will be a board meeting for all officers at 0:45 p. m. Tuesday. —WOOLLING
Typewriters: Adding macnines, all makes sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeo-
enrolled in «raph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main,
ummer term Pii4.no
his piospects. Committee on Selection.
While in their first two semesters at the University, the students will have their progress checked by the
admissions office.
Aeromodelers Will Hold First Meeting Aeromodelers will hold their first meeting of the semester today at 7:30 p. m. in room 80 of the Union,
WxfntecI Stiidonts foi part lime wort as All who are interested in the hnildpin settei-. See Mi. Fred Howai d in Union inieicbceo in tne DUUaBowiini; Aiie4 for thn, good paying woik ing and flying of model airplanes are dining jour free hours. invited to attend this meeting. The Pi wale e.uranerrcpai"e''bath“‘Can Aeromodelers plan to hold two conoi 7i:f02. tests, one at the end of this month
and another in October.
Supplies, including balsa wood, will be sold by E. Jacobs at the meet-
ing tonight.
ijafayette.^^Phone 27
Moniy' to Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan
Office, 407 Columbia.
Lost—Witie-folorDd ijillfold containing rash and peisonal matter. Eh/.abeth Welsh.
WRH South. Rewaid.
For Sale—10 good sanfoiizod khaki army uniforms: shuts 14%, sleeves 32, trousers, waist 29. 1( ngth 32. Phone 00902, or call at
1007 Columbia St.
Wanted—Accompanist, ♦man or woman, for P.E W. Morden Dance Chi^'.es. Must be
- —— ablf‘ to irnpiovisf' Call Miss Bell, WomenV To All Betab: There will be a practice FhyKical Education Department, 3779.
for a berenade Wednebday at 7:15 ji.
the Bivyuat, 40 N. Salibbuiy St All Betab are invited. —^GILLESPIE Btud^nt eSnate: Regular Senate meeting September 13, ab scheduled. THOMAS Aeromodelerb: There will lie a meeting on Wedncbday. SepUmlx^r 8, at 7:30 p. m. in room 80 of the Union. Plans for two contpstb this bcmebter are to be discussed.
- QUINN
Fraternity Presidents; Council meeting on 'I’hursdaj. September 9, at 7 p. m in room 303 of the Union. —LAY'J’ON Student Book Exchange: Book Exchange will be open from 1 i>; m. until 5 p. m. for tlie remainder of the week. All books or niofu-y must he eolIecUd by Friday. September 10, at 0 j>. lib —CANNON
Typewriter service.
0943.
Waiters wanted to houst. Those jnt<i{ J.ai 1 y Fh ISChnian,
C. L. Gunkk Phone
(> work 111 (laternity
call the stew'cud,
'24.
Wanted—Wai hoiisf Appiox Gall ihnn Mai
antui in lUJy 17 h(juis ihall, 2390.
Room furnished for firing furnace. Odd j<djs (stra See ('. L Burkholdei, Purdue
Jfoi (jcultu) al Building.
Lost—'I'an and brown billfold, tint, WRH Noith, Room 369.
Alpha Sigma Phi . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following students: Ralph Cochran, Derby, Vt.; Bill Haase, Calumet City, 111.; Louis Hoch, Indianapolis, Bill Holmes, New Brunswick, N. J.; Barry Lewis, Ada., Okla.; Bill Lewis, Indianapolis; Westley Maxted, Ecorse, Mich.; Paul Mohn, iSouth Bend; Jack Snyder, Ft. Wayne; Roger Storey, Cleveland, 0.; Bill Walters, Kenmore, N. Y.
Lost— foufipai giavcd.
eahti black and griM n^t iijx li n with name J,.luyd Kinglit cnvaid. 5021,
HELP WAHTED
We have part time jobs
Experienced Grocery
Meat Cutters.
for
open Clerks
and
For further
H.
Any
information call: . J. PESHA, Phone Morning Between
2820 9 and
■-¥«
w
T \