/bM'*'' s f" “’t,/ •'.' ' . ^u p ^ ^ .p if -^^S ^ ^ ’ A|_^* ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ i \i I ,
'■ h \
"rt J Purdue
Z-tS5
Exponent
Volume 5L No. 115
Wednesday. Febniaty 21. 1040
Seniors Hear W. R. Allen Emphasize I m p o rta n ce Of Getting An Interview W. R.* Allen, personnel director of L. S. Ayres and Company, Indianapolis, addressed University seniors in the third of a series of four scheduled employment lectures, yesterday afternoon in the Electrical Engineering building. His subject was “How To Write A Letter qf Application.”
Allen discussed the general charThree University Men Honored As 'Modern Pioneers'
acteristics of a good letter of application, naming neatness, brevity, and completeness of the material concerning one’s qualifications for the particular job as most essential
for inclusion in the letter.
No “Sob” Stuff
“No hard luck stories or personal tragedies should ever be poured out to a personnel director; for certain psychological reasons they will very probably have the opposite effect that the writer intends.” Allen added that the most important point of any letter of application should be a clear statement of the qualifications for the job in question, and a complete personal record of oneself, which should be on a typewritten form accompanied by a one or two paragraph letter in longhand.
Get That Interview
That a letter of application is only a prelude to securing a job was very pointedly stated by Allen. “I have never hired anyone by mail. The important thing is to secure an invitation from the employer for a personal interview. Out of 100 letters that an individual may send out only 14 or 15 such invitations
may be forthcoming.”
Allen stated that he had hired a great many more people because they showed evidence of good breeding than he had those who received high grades in a University.
At a dinner held last night in the Palmer House in Chicago, three University men were honored by the National Association of Manufacturers as “Modern Pioneers.” The men so honored were Dr. H. B, Haas, Dr. E. T. McBee, both of the chemistry department, and R. H. George of the electrical engineering department. The Association makes these awards each year to the men who have made outstanding contributions to industry. Twenty dinners of this nature are held throughout the country and the one at the Palmer House last night represents the mid-Western section of the country. Dr. Haas and Dr. McBee have developed twelve fundamental processes in the chlorination of hydrocarbons and George has been working on television. Also present at the dinner were Dr. E. C. Elliott, president of the University, and G. S. Heikle, director of the research relations with industry.
Late News Bulletins Red Artiliery Shells Viipuri - Moscow February 21—Communique from Russian army headquarters at Leningrad today stated that Red troops had captured and completely occupied the town and fortress of Koivisto. The Koivisto citadel is the anchor fort for the western end of the Mannerheim line and its capture by the Reds would open a direct avenue of attack on Viipuri. Finnish authorities strongly denied that Koivisto had been taken.
Helsinki—February 20—Viipuri, Finland’s second largest city, was definitely in the war zone today as soviet artillery continued to pour shells into the evacuated city as Russian troops maintained their position within six miles pf it’s outskirts. While Viipuri is not in immediate danger of capture, according to official information, the penetration of the Mannerheim line by the Red armies has brougjht it in the range of regular shell fire and aerial bombing has been redoubled. Today the population of the city is entirely military, the last sprinkling of its civilian population of 74,000 having been removed last week. Most of the population was evacuated before the Russian invasion began last November.
ity of the Netherlands by flying over Leeuwarden. Nazis Set Record London — German raiders and mines took a higher toll of allied and neutral shipping last week than any similar period since the war began. A total of 86,077 tons of which 39,276 were British, were lost during the week ending February 18. This mark surpasses the disastrous second week of the war when 78,193 tons of allied and neutral shipping were lost. Neutral tonnage accounted for better than half of the tonnage as 15 merchantment totaling 46,801 tons were lost. T^ie neutral nations charged that 13 of these neutral vessels were sunk by German U-boats without warning.
'Sky' Troops Captured Norway Berated
Helsinki—February 20—A fleet of Soviet bombers dropped parachute troops less than two miles west of the capital today in what appeared to be an attempt to take the capital by surprize. The attempt ended in failure, however, as alert Finnish defense forces shot the majority and captured the rest. Blizzard In EasiNew Haven—February 20—Many parts of New England were without power last night as the second storm in a week blanketed the eastern seaboard with sleet and snow.
The Hague—February 20—Official commimication from Leeuwarden, announced that Dutch pursuit planes fired on and chased a German plane across the border after the plane had violated the neutral-
To Walk - - Or Not To Walk? (An Editorial) The other afternoon we were sitting by our typewriter, diddling with the keys on a piece of bright new copy paper. Then John Van Horn walked in, all smiles. He said hello. We said hello, too. We are always glad to see people, even John. We offered John a chair. He took it. Then John said he had a swell editorial idea for us. At just about this point we started to wonder. We thought maybe he had cooked up some scheme so we could help him sell him Debris. But John fooled us. He asked us if we didn’t think it was a shame the way students tramped across the grass at various points around the campus with such reckless abandon. We said we thought it was. He said the Student Senate thought so, too. We said that was nice. Then John said let’s give some support to a move to keep the students on the sidewalks. We said that sounded logical to us. John said the Student Senate was backing the drive. We said that since the Senate members are elected by the students, following the democratic principle of representation this should be the attitude of the student body. John said we were right. We said we would write an editorial. Then the little man in the armchair spoke up. He said he saved ^ime sometimes by cutting around comers, and that it was very easy to wander off the walks. He said that walking across the grass would not hurt the grass next spring. John said it would. We said we were fairly certain it would. Then the armchair philosopher said we should build more walks. We said pretty soon the campus would look like an airport with runways running all over the place. John said the (Continued on page 4)
Duke Ellingtort's Cotton Club Orchestra To Play At New "Union Informal
Jazz Genius
Duke Ellington
Indiana Farm Leaders Survey Pro And Con Of Present Agricultural Policies At the initial session yesterday of thp two day meeting being held here, approximately 60 of Indiana’s „ farm leaders and members of the National Association of Manufacturers spent the afternoon surveying the pros and cons of the present world agricultural policies and how they would affect the financial
position of American farmers.
London—Prime Minister Chamberlin accused Norway of failing in her duties as a ueutral nation and of displaying “complete indifference” to the use which the German fleet might make of her waters. Chamberlain’s speech was punctuated by frequent cheers and all sections of the house staged a demonstration when Winston Churchill, first lord of the admiralty, entered
the chamber.
Kappa Sigma . . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers: Stewart Armstrong, president; Arthur Beddoe, treasurer; Rudy McMaster, secretary; Rusty Layson, grand proctorator; Jay Albertson and Gordon Peterson, guards. These men will hold office until October of 1940,
The conference, made informal by ^the lack of a planned program, brought forth both supporters and critics of the agricultural conservation program, reciprocal trade agreements, price-fixing of farm commodities, and a myriad of other proposed solutions. Approximately one-third of the attendance represented members of the Association coming from mid-western, southern, and eastern states. Mutual Debate Stressed H. J. Reed, Dean of the University school of agriculture, and President E. C. Elliott presided over the opening session at which President Elliott urged the groups “to solve problems not by might and mutual 'destruction, but by mutual
debate.”
Other notables to speak at yesterday’s session were James Hook, president of the Geometric Tool Company; J. L. Davis, president of the Blish Milling Company; Hassil Schenck, president of the Indiana Farm Bureau; Dr. John Ree Coulter, of Washingrton, D. C. and Dean A. A. Potter, head of Ihe engineering schools of the University. Employment High In analyzing the relationship between the percentage of the consumers dollar that is received by the manufacturer and the farmer, Dean Potter pointed out that current figures showed manufacturing plants are now employing as many persons as at any peak period of the 1920’s. The conference, the first to be held this year by the NMA, will come to a close following this morning’s session and noon luncheon. The entire group attending the convention, including the grain, livestock, general, fruit, and dairy farmers present, attended a diimer last night. Group To Hear Dean Dean Stratton, Miss Coolidge, and Miss Schleman left last night for St. Louis where they will attend an annual meeting of Deans of Women. Today pean Stratton will speak on “The Professional Training of Residence Hall Directors.” Friday she will take part in the panel discussion of the “Co-ordination of the Dean of Women.”
Stewart To Discuss Music Appreciation This afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Union music room, a program on music appreciation will be sponsored by YWCA. A. P. Stewart, director of University musical organizations, will speak on “How a college student can begin to develop an appreciation of music.” YWCA members have emphasized the fact that eds as well as co-eds are invited to this program. Bernadette Dygert is in charge of the arrangements for the lecture. University Women Meet The recent graduate group of the American Association of University Women will meet this evening at 7:30 in the faculty lounge. The social service group with Mrs. S. E. Keller as chairman is in charge of the program. Miss Louise Jeffers will speak to the group on social service work in the community. Mrs. Walter Scholer Jr. and Charlotte Epple are hostesses.
/f
To fill the schedule vacancy caused by the abandonment of last year’s cabaret dance, the Union has engaged “Duke” Elling* ton and his Cotton Club Orchestra to play for Union Informal
to be held os Friday, March 1st. EUington, who picked up his nickname while going to high school in Washington because of a flair for fancy duds, got his first taste of professional music when he was asked to fill in f oi| a regular honkytonk piano puncher who had hoist^ a few too many. The name of the place was “The Poodle Dog.”
Lost First Job
After more study, Ellington finally landed a place at one of the five pianos in the sixty piece band of Russell Wooding. He lost it because he couldn’t resist a little jamming. He had played almost to the end of his first concert without a slip, but then, in a pause of the music, he saw what he thought was a spot for a break and cut loose. More study, a directing job, and two years with Wilbur Sweatman’s band filled in the time imtil Ellington picked five men for his own band and went to New York to begin his climb to the big time.
First Big Break
His big break came one night while he and his band were working an engagement at the Club AJabam. Irving Mills, band promoter, had dropped in to see just what it was that this new band had that was attracting so much attention. Mills listened as Ellington played a few of his new arrangements, and when he left that night, he had the band under contract. A short time later, “Duke” Ellington, under the maiiagement of Irving Mills, opened at the Cotton Club in Harlem. Bids for this dance, which will be distributed in an advance sale, will
sell for $1.50.
MEE Will Meet Tonight To Discuss Semester Plans Local chapter of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers will hold a social meeting in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering building at 7 o’clock this evening. Highlight of the evening will bq a series of colored slides entitled “Our National Parks” which will be shown. 'These slides were made from pictures taken by Professor J. H. Bowman, of the School of Electrical Engineering, while enroute to an AIEE convention in the west last
summer.
Announcement of the plans for the rest of the year wiU be made and plans for the ^-School convention at Rose Polytechnic Institute this spring will be discussed according to John Nitsche, AIEE president. Coffee and doughnuts will be
served.
"Joes" With Newer Stamping Ground
By Bill Heaton
What’s lacking a r o u*n d the Union? We didn’t think anything was either, but we’re both wrong. To be sure we hadn’t exactly missed a coffee shop, but no longer will we be without one. f
Union Finished?
While eating in the cafeteria, we heard a construction gang in operation “somewhere” in the Union, - Thinking that the Union was “finished” for the time being, we were surprised at what we found. For there, tucked away in the northwest corner of the basement, was the niftiest “little” coffee shop we’ve seen in a good while. And why shouldn’t it be; look where it
came from.
Scheduled for completion February 29, the shop is now a beehive of activity. While stainless steel sinks, refrigerators, and stoves are being installed behind the “bar,” other workers are busy erecting approximately 160 chair-height, swivel stools around the counter. Said counter certainly has its ins and outs. A very rough description of it might state that its floor plan slightly resembles a huge “M.”
Room For Joes
Fifty feet deep and 70 feet wide, the coffee shop^ will provide the Union goers with the latest in the way of short orders and lunches. Typical Union style predominates ‘ in its modern but practical manner.
Music Hall 'Penthouse' Is Safety Device
By Ben Coffman The gray penthouse which recently appeared on top of the highest part of the new music hall is a safety device required by the insurers of the new building. This edifice has excited casual comment on the campus. One upper classman advanced the theory that the penthouse was to be a combined summer house and sunbathing site for President Elliott. The steel gray structure is so constructed, according to the company engineers, that any fire occurring backstage will automatically cause the walls of this little building to fall outward leaving a hole in the roof for the smoke and flames to escape through. The same thermal controls which cause the walls to collapse automatically cause an asbestos curtain to come
down, thus protecting the audience from any danger. Twenty-four Stage Settings Back stage a fire is more likely to occur than it is in the auditorium, because there will be many inflammable stage properties, and the high part of the building is built to be the storage place for twentyfour different stage settings pulled up out of the way when not in use. These constitute something of a fire hazard. The asbestos cdrtain which isolates the stage from the audience in case of a fire is built of structural steel and is fourteen inches thick. On each side of this steel framework are sheets of asbestos which should completely eliminate any chance of flames penetrating into the auditorium. The stage opening
and the dimensions of the curtain are one hundred feet by thirtyseven feet. Many Exits Another safety and convenience feature is the large number of easily accessible exits. There are six double doors on each side of tbie music hall which may be used as exits. From the balcony there are six stairways leading down to Hie main floor, and from the g^ery there are two stairways leading down. University officials estimate that a capacity crowd of six thousand two hund^ could get out in five minutes or less. The contractors and the rnoiversity officials believe that these many safety devices should eliminate my chance for an auffimuse hehig panicked because of fire.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday* February 21* 1940 ■
Um, TtawA,
For the first time in it’s history, WAA is participating in the statewide telegraphic swimming meet, which will, be held on Thursday, February 29 and March 6. Anyone is eligible to enter the meets, the results of which will be telegraphed to 1. U, —waa— Intramural basketball games are being played oflF all this week. A cup will be awarded to the winning team. Call-outs for class basketball are scheduled for next week. —waa— . WAA has been invited to send twelve girls to attend a “Play Day” at DePauw University. —waa—Class riflery teams are scheduled to shoot tomorrow and Tuesday evenings from 7 to 8:30. Teams must shoot two out of the three nights to receive their points. The third practice was held last night. Individuals will receive 100 points and their class numerals. —waa— In the All-star volleyball game, the Black team, captained by P. Kleimer, defeated the Gold team, captained by J. Steckler, by a score of 36-32. Intramural Basketball continues among the Women’s Residence Halls, the wards, and the sororities today in the Women’s Gym. The schedule for these games is as follows: Wednesday, February 21— 4 p. m. Ward 3 vs North Hall 1 ^elta Gamma vs Phi Mu 5 p. m. — South Hall 1 vs Ward 2 and 4 North Hall 2 vs Phi Mu
Notices
No notices wUl be accepted after 8 p. m.
Co-eds: All girls Interested in modern dance come to the Women’s Gym at 4 p. m. Wednesday, February 21. Important meeting for all new people. •—KNIGHT.
Cosmopolitan Club: Election of officers 4:30 p. m. Friday, February 23, in Boom 304 of Union. Necessity for quorum requires attendance of all members possible. Pledging of any students, American or foreign, desirous of joining Cosmo Club. Members urged to attend Baptist Foreign Sfcudent Baiiquet at 6:00 p. m. at Baptist Church. 8-23 —SHICKEL.
Chess Club: Regular meeting Wednesday, February 21, at 7 p. m. in the Union game room. —GOFF.
.Horticulture Club: Meeting Wednesday, February 21, at 7 p. m. in room 202 of the Horticulture Building. Officers will be elected. —OVERBECK.
WAA Tumbling: Call-out, Wednesday, February 21, at 4 p. m. in Women’s Gym. —McFABLAND.
Scabbard and Blade: Meeting at 7 :30 p. m. Wednesday, February 21, in room 306 of the Union. —OLSON.
Ag. Education: Meeting February 22, at 7:80 p. m. ip room 304 of the Union. Bring money for keys. —LIEURANCE.
Gold Peppers: All Gold Peppers Who did not attend meeting Tuesday, February 20, turn in lists to Althea Jorgenson or to Margaret Mitchell in the Activity Bureau office. Hurry. —MITCHELL.
Battery l>-2 Freshmen: Basketball practice, Wednesday, February 21, at 7 :15 p. m., on Court 2, Fieldhouse. —HARVEY.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Skating party Friday, February 23, at 10 :30 p. m., at I^ple Point. Meet at Christian Church at 10 p. m. Any person with a car who takes five people to the rink will receive a free ticket. —ROBBINS. Sophomore Union Workers: My committee will meet Wednesday, February 21, at 4 p. m.k in room 364. 'The following are expected to be present: Kemper, Evans, Hepburn, Starek,. Diehl, Young, and Sommers. —^BRODD,
Sigma Delta Chi: Short but important meeting in PIA office at 4:30 p. m, Thursday, February 22, for actives and pledges. Arrangements will be made for transpoi^tioP to Indianapolis for joint initiation Friday, February 23, at 6 u. m. —TERRIO.
Gala. Week Committee: Meet at Debris office, 6:46 p. m., Thursday, February 22, for picture. v, _ 2-22 ARCHIBALD.
Reamer Club: Tickets for remaining basketball games will be distributed at banquet next Monday night. Junior actives are expected to attend. All actives meet in Room 363 at 6:20 p. m., Monday, Februruary 26. 2-26j‘ ARCHIBALD.
IMm Sophomores: Staff will please meet in Union office on Wednesday, February 21, at 4 p; m. —BROOKS,
Alpha Zeta: Committee heads Brunk, Haverkamp, Blosser, Stewart, McConnell, Paarlbnrg, Adams, and Drabenstott. Special meetiBg in room C of the Union on Wednesday, February 21. at 6:46 p. m. - —HITCHCOCK.
Pnrdue Students and. Faculty: Christian Living Week service sponsored by Wesley Foundation and hel dat West Side Methodist Church Wednesday, February 21, at 7 p. TO. Dan West, national peace representetive, will speak on “The Sword of the Cross,” —PIERCE.
Camera Club: Second in lecture series on “Developing Pictures” will be given Wednesday, February 21, at 7 :80 p. m. in room 268 of the Union. —GEPHAET. W86A Baecntlva Board: Meeting Wedne^y. February 21, at 7:46 p. m. in WM* oiri». _b,okimn.
Religious Leaders ToAddressGroup On 'Mate Selection' “Mate Selection” will be the topic under discussion at the weekly marriage class to be held tomorrow, at 7:30 p. m. in the east faculty lounge of the Union. A portion of the class period will be devoted to three five minute talks pn religion by leaders of three different religious beliefs. Reverend Graham will represent the Presbyterian church, Father Holland will speak for the Catholic church, and Rabbi Saunders will discuss the question as a representative of the Jewish church. Following these talks a general discussion on “Mate Selection” will be open to all the students.
President Roosevelt has been elected an honorary member of the Temple University chapter of Delta Sigma Pi. Thursday, February 22-—4 p. m. Alpha Chi Omega vs Pi Beta Phi Alpha Xi Delta vs Wards 2 and 4 5 p. m. — Chi Omega vs North Hall 1 Kappa Kappa Gamma vs Ward 2 and 4 Friday, February 23—4 p. m.— Delta Gamma vs Thaeles Chi Ome^ vs Ward 3 6 p. m.— West Hall 1 vs North Hall 1 South Hall 1 vs Alpha Xi Delta Tuesday, February 27—4 p. m.— : Ward 3 vs Phi Mu Alpha Chi Omega vs Ward 1 5 p. m. — North Hall 2 vs Thaeles Ward 1 vs Pi Beta Phi , Thursday, February 29—4 p. m. Alpha Chi Omega vs.South Hall 2 Thaeles vs Phi Mu ’
T & IE Students: Banquet scheduled for Thursday, February 22, has been postponed Until Wednesday, February 29. —PRICE.
Gimlet: Initiation banquet Thursday night, February 22. —FRAZEE.
Battery C-3 Freshmen: There will be a practice session of all volunteers for freshman basketball on court 3 at the Fieldhouse, Wednesday, February 21, at 8 p. m. Please attend. —GALE.
Scabbard and Blade: All Scabbard and Blade members and pledges who have not received bids see Miss Cain at the supply room or call McWorkman—8411. 2-22 —McW-ORKMAN.
Meeting of all members of the editorial staff in Agriculturist office February 21, at 4 p. m. ^BURBRINK.
Purdue Agriculturist: ember
Examinations for condition removals in History, Economics and Government: Tbese will be held Saturday, March 9, at 1 ;()0 p. m., room 808, in the Recitation Building. Application must be made in the Hlsiury ^office no later than Friday, March 8. —ESTEY.
Math Condition Exams: Examinations for removal of conditions in mathematics will be held Saturday, March 9, in the Recitation building. Report to the instructor who gave the condition before February 18. —HEAD.
English and Speech Conditions: Examinations for removal of conditions in English and speech will be held Saturday, March 2, beginning at 1 p: m. in room 201 of the Education building. —MILLER. Delta Rho Kappa: Important meeting Wednesday, February 21, in room A of the Union at 4 p. m. Please be there. —ESTEY.
Military Ball Committee: Important meeting Wednesday, February 21. 4:16 p. m. in the Armory. —BUTTERFIELD.
Inter-fraternity Rifle: Meets begin Monday, February 19, at 4 p. m. and continue for a week. Range open every day from 3 to 6:30 p. m. Teams get targets from range officer. (2-21) —SMITH.
Junior and Senior Dance Clubs: Meeting scheduled for Monday, February 19, postponed until Wednesday, February 21. —KNIGHT.
Flying Club: Sixty cent expense fee from ^h member planning to attend the initiation “steak fry” Saturday, February 24 is due now. Pay to Littlefield or Habicht in the sweet shop any afternoon this week vbtween 4 and 6 p, m. Thursday, February 22, IS the absolute deadline. —HABICHT.
PIA Dance Class: There will be an organization meeting of the class in room 804, the former Engineer office, in the Un’iPn’ P* Wednesday, February 21. All who have registered are urged to attend. There are still some openings in the • “11’ ’■^K'stration for which can be made in the PIA office any afternoon or at the meeting Wednesday, —LUTZ.
PHONES 6915—6914
60NE nriTii
Open 9:30 a. m.—-Continuous 75e Inch Tax-!—No Seats Reserved Come Anytime Untii 2:30 p. m. And See a Complete Show Eve. 8:00 p.m. All Seats Reserved $1.1 0 Incl. Tax LAFAYETTE
At the Union Camera Club meeting to be held tonight at 7:30 p. m. in room 263 of the Union Fred Apsey will speak on “Developing Pictures,” This lecture, which will deal with the elements of developing negatives, is the second in a series of three lectures which the organization is offering to beginners. These lectures are being presented in an attempt to familiarize the beginner with his equipment and the varioius methods in photography, and to better acquaint him with the ' basic principles of the steadily growing hobby. The third in the series will be given next week and will be entitled “Enlarging and Printing.” As announced' by William Heddep, president of the organization, all those students desiring to enter the club’s Early Spring Exhibit, which will be open to club members and non-members alike, should attend this series of lectures. Scholarship Awards Available To Seniors Scholarships of one hundred dollars cash will be awarded to one senior in any school of the University and one, graduate student, who are residents of Indiana and have demonstrated marked promise and worthiness as a result of personal qualities and high scholastic attainment. The awards are made by the Harry Coleman Memorial bequest which provides for two such scholarships annually. ^
WAA Riflery: A list, of class team members and class schedules is posted on the bulletin board of the Women’s Gym. The tournaments are Tuesday, February 20; Thursday, February 22; and Tuesday, February 27; riiooting from 7 to 8:30 p. m. Attendance is required at two of these: nights in order to wet WAA points and numerals. —HARRISON.
Union Freshmen: All staff assignments are posted on bulletin board in Union office. —BRUBECK. (2-24)
WSGA Counselors: All vyho received notices please call for your counselor’s notebook. (2-24) —COLLOCH.
Gimlet Members: Have limited number of tickets for Illinois basketball game. First to give me their money at the initiation, Thursday. February 22, get them. —PERRIN.
Sophomore Union Workers: Our committee will meet in the Union office on Wednesday, February 21, at 4 p. m. Those expected are: Kenworthy, Conham, Tafel, Young, Speith, Stackey, Beard, Kirl^atrick, Crais, Avery, Sacksteder, Diehl and Server. —HULS, BENNETT.
Classified Ads
rOBSALE FOE SALE—TsTjewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. FOB BENT LOST—Beni exposure meter in Sweet Shop on February 1st. Please call 41662 or return to Union Lost and Found.
Basketball
Wednesday, February 21
Court 1: M. Aronson 7 :00—Ward 13 vs Ward 22 7 :16—^Ward 8 vs Ward 42 Court 2: F. A. SmltkaiB 7 :00—Ward 39 vS Ward 26 7:16—Ward 22 vs Ward 17
Lost—Post slide rule case. Initials B. J. Kotfila. Call 2769 between 6 tSO and 7:00.
Lost—Lady’s wine purse at Purdue-Illin-ois basketball game Saturday night. Finder please call 31662. Reward.
ARC
LOST—Kappa Kappa Gamma Sorority Pin. Name, Mary Burtsfield on back. Call 7493.
LOMA TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
DO UBi.E FEATURE
EOYROGEHS'"
PLUS~2ND FEATURE
■ Female Fury Flamesi -
lOnVICTED
■'with-:'B'Mi RdcHEiLE
LAST DAY—2 FEATURES
Edmond Lowe
Tyrone Power Linda Darnell
in
''Day-Time O**' Neighbors
Wife':
The Carters
STARTS THURS., FRI., SAT., AND CONTINUESk FOR 12 WEEKS A FIEND MENACES A CITY’S THOUSANDS
GRIN AND BEAR It
By Litiity
The life of a B and B editor is getting more and more difficult. . . the weather has turned all the dirt to mud so there just ain’t ho dirt. We shall proceed with our dull observations. —B & B— A Little Birdie . . . told me to take all bets that the Schickler-Cooper falling out will find a beautiful ending ... anyway Paul seems to be" going out of his way to walk Louise to, and from her classes. -;B & B— We suggest that Cooper work up an active interest in dancing as it might help to win back his lady fair ... a word to the wise should be sufficient, my lad. —B & B— It is a problem to figure out whether Bob Viehe takes the rest of the Fi Gam house along to help entertain his date or whether they are just a pack of wolves ... Piny Sexton ought to have felt just a little overwhelmed with so much attention. where was your date. Potter ? —B & B— Did You Know ... that Jean Jones doesn’t like to be considered a student . . . that Sara Parker Winn, Ohio lassie, is known to her sisters as “Smiling” Sara with the cold heart . . . (this one will slay you) our Theta beauty Peg Davis loves to let her hair down and wear overalls. We won’t swear to the veracity of these state- . ments, but their source is unknown so why argue the point? —B&B— The Bootnose ... says that underclasses should beware of Jerry Burke because she ■ has that look in her eyes again . . . where, oh where is Myers ? —B & B— "Julia MacDermid, Alpha Chi bundle of sumpthin, should begin to worry as inside information says that Phi Psi Buenting will be back in the Kappa house before spring . . . and we pause to contemplate on the Joyce Burnham - Chuck Benson affair. Joyce takes hirii to the PanHel dance and he continues to date Alpha Xis. —B & B— Just Imagine: A visitor from Illinois said that he saw a good looking girl at Purdue. —B & B— MARS PASSES AWAIT!! I-M Schedules
“Will you please tell me, Osbert Truffle, what THEY have to do with our honeymoon movies ?”
Cosmopolitan Club To Elect Naf'l Heads At a meeting to be held Friday in rom 304 of the Union, the Cosmopolitan Club will elect a national president, a national vice-president, and a national corresponding secretary. The annual foreign students banquet, given by the Roger Williams Club in the Baptist Church of West Lafayette, will begin at approximately 6 p. m., following the meeting. The Cosmopolitan Club is a national organization and holds national conventions every two years during the Christmas vacation. During the convention, the host for the next meeting, two years later, will be chosen. Because of the fact that the University chapter was chosen to be the host to the 1941 convention, it became the national executive chapter and assumed the responsibility for the election of national officers.
Current Periodicals Print Articles Written By Faculty H. B. Knoll and G. S. Wykoff, two prominent members of the University English department have written several interesting articles now appearing in current periodicals. Professor Knoll’s, “Keep Moving Your Feet,” is an illuminating story discussing the fine, points of the game of squash. His article appears in the March issue of Esquire. George S. Wycoff contribr uted, “Teaching Composition as a Career” to the February number of College English, and to the January number of American Literature, a research article on “Problems Concerning Franklin’s ‘A Dialogue Between Britian, France, Spain, Holland, Saxony, and America’.”
MA^ TOMORROW - FRIDAY
The Fighting 69th'
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
AMD-
RANMLI
• ALSO —
. THURS. - FRI. - SAT. - KING OF THE SIERRAS GIRL AND TH|E GAMBLER DARE DEVILS OF THE RED CIRCLE
hiAill
#1—Jean Hersholt in MEET DR. CHRISTIAN #2—-March of time's "Republic Of Finland"
—TODAY— 6 UNIT HIT SHOW —
#3—DONALD DUCK CARTOON 4—"INFORMATION PLEASE" #5—"TALENT AUCTION" #6—PATHE NEWS
—$TARTS The rise and fall of a man, his money, and his familyt imfljiix’ii EDWARD BLUS ^ WILUAMOARGAN 4 KENT TAYLOR . ^ J I. roWARD BROMBERG |Jl lOkiHAlaNB albxanderIP yiRGINIA VALE,* ROBERT STANTON srhtttd tbrokgh tbt sn'»ndJtts* L, Lasbf't' "Guttway to Hollyu/Bod" T«knt S/ar^b.
T 0 M R R O W
JOE LOUIS VS ARTURO GODOY Official Fight Pictures 15 Rounds of Fistic Dynamite See Every Thrill
Slow Motion' ■ 'w
Wednesday# February 21# 1940
£xpomnL fiaqxL
Five Riveter Boxers Will Fight RivetefWresllets Riveter Netmcn Hang Oli To First Place
a m m mm m m wmm • i ^ i Mb *m ^M ^ v
In Golden Glove Finals Tonight
Outfighting andbutmaneuvering the toughest opponents who could be found, five Purdue boxers have fought their way into the finals of the Lafayette Golden Gloves to be held tonight in
the Lafayette Armory, beginning at 7:45 p. m.
They will be carrying the Boilermaker colors into the fray tonight as they strive to bring more honor to their school. Purdue hopes will be resting on Jack Thrifald in the 126 pound class; Jimmy Beers and John Pyles in the 135 pound rflass; John Wilcox, 160 pound class; Oscar Grab, 175 pound class and Jim Welch in the heavyweight division.
Tonight’s series of bouts will be broadcast over W B A A. The broadcast will be^n at 7:40 and will continue until the bouts are
' Last year Joe Benna and Lyle represented the Riveters at the eliminations at Chicago and Joe went to the quarterfinals before he was defeated. The ye'ar before Joe fought his way to the semi-finals before old man defeat caught up with him to spoil his hopes of a championship. The winners tonight will receive jackets, trunks, and will be taken to Chicago on February 26 to compete in the eliminations there. All of their expenses are to be paid and
W.L. Baynes To Head Stale Soil Sdence Association W. L. Baynes, state co-ordinatoj of the Soil Conservation Service, has been elected president of the Soil Science Society of Indiana, succeeding Dr. G. D. Scarseth of the University. Professor T. M. Bushnell, of the agronomy department, was elected vice-president and H. P. Ulrich, also of the agronomy department, was re-elected secretary-
treasurer.
At a recent national meeting of the Soil Science Society of America, Bushnell, who has spent many years mapping soil types in the Hoosier state, was named chairman of a section on soil g^nsis, morphology, and cartography. ' j
they will remain the entire three days, defeat or no defeat. All reserve seats are sold out for tonight’s bouts but there will be several general admission seats available for fight enthusiasts.
Lose Big Ten Meet To Maroons 20-8 Pacing Chicago for the second time in less'than a week, the Riveter grapplers lost a 20 to 8 decision Monday. The Maroons took six out of the eight bouts on a fall and* a decision while the Boilermakers were only able to garner a fall and
a decision.
Coach Reeck stated that the squad showed improvement as they suffered only one fall as compared to four in the previous match. Fredricks in the 121 pound class and A'. Rossi in the heavsrweight division were victorious, the former by a fall and the latter by a decision. Their next match is against the Northwestern Wildcats in the Fieldhouse next Saturday. Two More Pilots . .. for Uncle Sam’s fast growing army are George S. Welch and Edwin A. Woods, both of the class of ’41. The men have reported to the Army Air Corps training detachment at Glendale, California, where they will begin their military flying
career.
Welch was a student in the mechanical engineering school, and is a member of Delta Upsilon fraternity. Woods was a resident of Cary Hall while he was on the campus.
In order to enable more of Lafayette’s people to ^e the picture, “Gone With the Wind” will be held over through Sunday.
The Book that tells the story of-
QjnJMdudtwfL Bigger and better pages of art work. Angle shots of the campus' buildings at their best.
mo
(OebJuA. QompMiL OamfmA, CooaM/qiL
mo
^ioMoh’A. QPwksi By Robert J. Deckard
Surprising players, officials, and spectators alike by defeating Carl Ramsey, outstanding table-tennis player from Hamilton, 0., Bob Koladay, conceded to .be University champion, entered the quarter-final roimd in masters’ invitational table tennis tournament at Jimmy McClure’s Table Tennis Club in Indianapolis over the week-end.
—^fc—
Bob won the first game, 21-18; dropped the second, 18-21; and won the match in the third game, 21-14, in order to play Earl Coulson, Indianapolis star who at one time ranked sixth in the nation, in the quarter-finals.
—^fc—
In order to win the tourney, the Boilermaker table-tennis star will have to outplay an Ohio State champion; Charles Tichenor, national boys’ champion; and Jimmy McClure, present national table-ten-nis king.
—^fc—
We see in the “Kentucky Kernel” that Joe Creason, sports columnist, has released his novel ratings of the worst clubs in each major baseball league for the coming year.
—^fc—
Joe says: “I am picking the Philadelphia Phillies to finish last in my standings, which means last in the National League ... This may turn out to be a difficult assignment for my heroes, since Boston, also, should be a mighty team not to beat.
—^fc—
“They have everything required to build a Maginot line defense around the cellar and will be weak and inept enough to guard their position from any challengers,” he continued confidentially.”
—fc—
Then in a big hurry, Joe wrote that Boston, Brooklyn, and New York will finish in seventh, sixth, and fifth places, respectively.
—^fc—
Over in the American League, by virtue of their capability of folding up like an opera hat, the St. Louis Brownies will finish in a comfort-1 able eighth, Joe figured.. - The Philadelphia Athletics are a strong threat to the Brownies’ last-place security . . . and in the sixth spot, Washington’s Nats will probably finish there before next fall’s first frost, with Detroit’s Tigers being a cinch for fifth. KKG . . . social sorority announces the election of the following officers: president, Marlyn McKnight; rush captain, Georgia Carroll; standards chairman, Maxine King; pledge captain, Maxine King, assistant pledge captain, Jane Haltom^ social chairman, Vivian Petersen; recording secretary, Janet Pickering; convention delegate, Marilyn JdcKnight; first alternate, Georgia Carroll; second alternate, Jane Thomas; treasurer, Betty Hancock; song leader, Jeai! Skinner.
Boilermakers Lose Offensive Lead; Bill Hapac Still Leads Stxtring Race As a result of Indiana’s loss to Northwestern last Saturday night, Pig^ Lambert’s Boilermakers, once more have the top of the Big Ten net ladder all to themselves. The Riveters can now boast of a full game lead over the Hoosiers and are leading Blinois and Ohio State, currently tied for third place, by a pair of encounters. With only four games left in thi§ season’s proceedings, talk of another conference title is rapidly drifting through
the Boilermaker camp.
■ Hoosiers Lose
Dutch Lonberg’s Wildcats ran up
too big a lead for the Hoosier’s second half rally at Evanston Saturday, and the Bloomington lads were pushed back into second place by a score of 40-36. The purple playing with a thoroughly revamped lineup led the Cream and Crimson quintet
25-12 at the half.
Main headline of Monday night’s battles was the entrance of Chicago into the victor’s ranks. The Maroons came through with their initial win of the season when they upset Minnesota’s slipping Gophers 35-32. The Boilermakers managed to slide their way to a 25-17 victory over the Wolverines at Ann Arbor although Purdue’s high-scoring machine was held to its lowest score in two years. However a stiU tighter defense kept the Riveters on top of the confer-
ence heap.
' Boilermakers Face Chicago Wisconsin will play host to the Lambertmen next Saturday night when the Boilermakers journey to Madison for their retirni engagement with the Badgers. The lads from the shores of Lake Mqndota are ahead of only Chicago in the Big Ten columns and were sotmdly trounced here in the Fieldhouse earlier in the year. The Hoosiers will have a comparatively easy time of it as they face Chicago, while Illinois will tangle with Michigan at Champaign, Iowa journeys to Northwestern, and Ohio State plays host to Minnesota. Although Piggy’s boys unoffensive showing against the Wolverines lost them the number one spot in the conference as far as scoring is concerned, it gave them a wide lead on the defensive side of the ledger. Indiana as a result of high scoring shows against the Wildcats and Iowa has taken over the top offensive spot with a total of 352 points, 15 ahead of Riveters. The standings are just reversed when the question of being scored on is concerned, with the Boilermakers holding a 28 point lead over the
Hoosiers.
Hapac Still Leads Bill Hapac, the sensational Illini captain, still holds on to the individual scoring lead despite a slight relapse over the week-end. Bill was held to 10 points^here Saturday night and he only manager to gather seven charity tosses and a trio of field goals against Wisconsin Monday. Northwestern’s Dick Klein is still hanging on to second place seven points ahead of Armstrong and eleven in front of Englund. Don Blanken continues to be the leading Boilermaker with a total of 69 points for the number nine spot in the conference standings. Individual Scoring GFG FTFTMPFTP
Greek Tracksfers To Clash Feb. 27,28 Greek thinlies are to cl^h in the second annual Interfratemity Indoor Track and Field Meet in the Fieldhouse on the afternoons of February 27 and 28. The house that garners the most points in this tourney will be awarded with a trophy while the individual members of the winning team will receive
medals.
Last year the boys from the Lambda Chi house came out on top with a total of 41, 23 of which were collected by Dave Rankin who won firsts in fout^ events and a second in another. This year the Intramural Department is trying to eliminate such monopolization by allowing each man to compete in only three events in addition to the re-
lay.
Each house that enters four men will be awarded with 50 participation points and 10 additional points will go to the winner and five points to the runner-up. No more than two men from a house are to enter any event except the relay in which each team will enter four men. Coach Phillips will post a list of the men that will be ineligible for the meet. Events to be run off on the twen-ty-seventh are the 60 yard dash, the 60 yard high hurdles, the broad jump, the shot put, the 880 yard run, and the two mile run. On the twenty7eighth the 60 yard low hurdles, the high jump, the pole vault, the 440 yard dash, the mile run, and the four man, half lap relay are scheduled to take place. Gymnasts Prepare To Enter AAU Meet
the Boilermaker are now* preparing
Members of gsunnast club
for the two brightest spots on their year’s program. Sometime in March the stijong men will enter the Indi-ana-Kentucky AAU meet, while on April 13 a dual engagement with Williams is scheduled at Chicago. Prank Cortese, former New Jersey state champion on the parallel bars, Ronny Middleton, Massachusetts artist on the high bars, and Wally Pozer, former central AAU side horse champion, are expected to count points for the club in these meets. Other members of the squad working out regularly are George Campbell, Fred Turner, Seth Anderson, Frank Farkas, and Jim
Markham.
The University of Oklahoma has .rules which prohibit the playing of swing music on the campus.
SOON TWILL BE vSd.
Celebrate March 17th by sending St. Patrick's Day Greetings to those who mean &e most to you. Your thoughtfulness will be long remembered. Select your greetings from our complete showing of St. Patrick Card^. DECKER’S
Hapac (111.) .... 7 40 28 18 17 108 Klein (N.U.) .. 8 40 12 12 21 92 Armst’g (Ind.) 8 35 16 11 18 86 Engl’nd (Wis.) 8 32 17 9 23 81 Rae (Mich.) .... 8 27 22 11 17 76 Siegel (Iowa) 8 31 13 8 17 75 C’rls’n (Minn.) 8 27 21 25 18 75 Pink (Mich.) .. 8 28 15 11 21 71 Blaitk’n (P.U.) 8 28 13 8 16 69 Menke (Ind.) .. 8 29 9 9 21 67
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
TIES BY Kimberly “VL WoM: ^jrined WATCH FOR THE DISPLAY DATE FOR YOUR OWN ORGANIZATIONTHE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Wednesdoyf February 1940
ToWalk-OrNotToWalk? (Continued from page 1)
campus should have a lot of grass, and besides that the few seconds saved by walking across the grass could not compensate for the ugly bare spots which would appear next spring. The other man said he’d rather walk across the lawns and see the bare sppts. John asked him if he wasn’t being a little bit selfish. We said it was his campus, and he should want it to look beautiful. He said maybe we were right. Then we talked to John some more. It Seems that he is publicity chairman for the Senate. We said maybe we could make keep-on-the-walks a Purdue tradition, except for short siestas underneath the shade of campus trees in the fall, spring, and summer, John said that was their idea, and that he would be seeing us. We said he was probably right. Then Bill Hart came walking in. He was wearing a new hat, and looked like another senator. He said hello. We said hello, too. We are always glad to see people, even Bill. We offered Bill a chair. He took it. He said what did we think about the way students kept walking across the grass all around the campus. We looked at him and asked him if he by any chance knew John Van Horn. He said yes. We said we thought he might. He said Van Horn was in charge of publicity and that he was chairman of the Senate commi'^tee to keep students from walking across the grass. He said that the other committee members were Lois Volekel and Fired Elley. We said that was good. He said he thought so too. Then Bill pulled a piece of yellow paper from his pocket. We grabbed our slide rule and asked him if he was going to pull some electrical engineering or physical chemistry problems on us. He said he was not. We dropped our slide rule on the desk. Then Bill pointed out a lot of little maps on his piece of paper. Each of these represented a place where students were clreating future bare spots by walking across the grass. Bill pointed out among others the following shor|t-cut practices which have been noted in particular: Walking across the circle in front of the Executive Building; cutting across in back of the gate post north of the Civil Engineering Building; crossing the grass instead of using the walks between the Home Economics Building and University Hall; crossing the grass adjacent to the drive east of Stanley Coulter Hall; cutting off Hello Walk when heading for Fowler Hall or State Street; crossing the lawn both north and south of the old metallurgical lab; short-cutting the southwest library corner at the junction of the two walks; crossing the lawn between the Civil Building and the back court door of the Union. We said that was something to work on. Bill said he thought so too. We said we’d try to do something about it. Bill said that was swell, and that he would be seeing us. We said he was probably right. A little later an “Exponent” man interviewed Prof. F. E. Robbins of the agronomy department. Said Robbins, “Any grass which is trampled upon too seriously now will have no chance to recover during the summer, and will only be an eyesore to the entire campus. Before grass could grow on such a spot again, it would have to be reseeded. Grass is now in a dormant stage, and this is the worst time of the year to trample it, especially when the ground is soft.” We decided the Purdue campus would look a great deal better if students did not create pathways across the grass. We thought this could easily become a tradition with a practical background. Don’t you think so too?
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Profestioiiel
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. UJTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4tt» fr Mnin phonn 5TOI
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Dairy Products
o Dine
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITT MiLK Phone 462H
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• Locksmith
• Hardware
KEYS & LOCKS
Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches end padlocks. Auto keys a speciatty. Biwcles, acCMSories and rapalruig. MULHAUPTS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phoew 2S28
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• fewelers
Hays Jewelry Company Eait Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phdna 4354
But
By Vladimir Karamazov! Who is Karamazov? If you ask us, there are too many people writing this column. First comes in Serge, very highly recommended by our good friend Petrov, and then comes in Karar mazov, highly recommended by Karamazov. Oh no. We don’t have to invite him. All we have to do is try to take a vacation for two days and wham! There is that monstrous column, and there, too, is Karamazov.
What we disagree most with is his “I go now but I return.” We are even tempted to say, “Oh yeah?” But then we think where have we heard those words before. Ah yes! It is always in dank, gloomy melodramas where some evil force is repulsed and ridiculed. “I go now,” the gloom-ridden-figure-of-evil says, burning inside with humiliation, “but I return.” We think we understand, Karamazov.
And we present the following, dedicated to and entitled: KARAMAZOV Blessing on thee, little man. Though thou art a beaten thing; Whipped to red by self-creation, Whipped by no appreciation. Beaten by a world unmoved. Lonely as a girl unloved. Take again thy pen in hand;
Puirdue Exponent £jthsiJL
R. E. Inslfgr ...... W. E. Smltii
........... X;ditar-iiirGlile( .... Btuineia Manacer
D. G. Terri6, editorial directors 6. W. Frederick, managringr ^itor; E. M. Antonini, senior advertisinar manager; g; Schilling, co-ed editor; B. Jenkins, sports editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; I Sports 279>2 , All unsigned editorials are written bjr the editorial dlT rector. Entered as second class matter at Um post offioa in Lafayette, Indiana, iinder the act of Congress of Maroh I. 1S79, and at the speoial rate of postage provided (or in section ilOS, act of Octobn S. 1817, authorised January SO, 192& Publirited daily except M<mdsy daring the regnlar academic year and weekiy during the Snmmer Session. Delivered locally by esjrrier for ^.00 per year, mafl suB* BcriptioB $3.60. j Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Night Editor, Donahue Issue Editor, Smith Day Editor, Carroll Wednesday, Pebiuary 21, 1940.
Scribe again for their perusal. Turn resentment into power Be the hero of the hour! Write again and .write it gripping Every heart and every mind; Make them read and think and worship, At the same time weep and laugh. Write again this better column, Child of your unrivaled mind When you’ve finished bring it to us And bn frigid anger sup— As, unmoved, we calmly, coldly. Nonchalantly, tear it up.
Sorry.
ByHankMtUw
The life of Louis Pasteur will be dramatized tonight at 9 over WENR on a special drive to launch the seasonal, drive 6f the American Medical Society against rabies in the United States ..; Arthur Kohl, Chicago actor will play the leading role.
Where this came from, nobody knows. The Duke of Paducah Sez: Got some letters from folks wantin’ me to give some advice to the love sick. They have heeredme talk about my wife so much they ligure I know aU the answers wrong, it’s my wi|e^t^at knows the answers an€ she’s got all the questions that go with them and I’m wedged right in between the two. They have asked me what is love? Paducius say, “Love is itching sensation around the heart that no can scratch, and marriage will keep you scratchin rest of life.” One girl sez “I’m in love jwith a yoimg man but he chaws tabaccer, how can I stop him from chawin?” That’s easy, just marry him and then knock his teeth out. I’m going to the wagon—these shoes are killin me. Whitey Ford Duke of Paducah.
*4 '< 1
hair crawll A tale
menUstening outside the ao ...
]\iy Grandmother s Le^
by
ben AMES WILLIAMS
NEVER HAVE A DAUGHTER! You never know, when she leaves the house, whether she’ll come back with a horse, a set of paints, a trombone, or a husband. Push a daughter into this boy-girl business, and you’ll be sorry. Don’t push her, and you’ll be sorry. Take the case of Mary .. .in Gladys Taber’s new story. Letter to the Dean. OUR NEXT PRESIDENT WILL BE .. . Gamer? Joe Martin? McNutt? Taft? Wheeler? Dewey? New York’s Robert Moses dopes the chances of the current dark and light horses and gives his fellow Republicans an election tip in his Post article, The Political Olympics. WHAT PILOTS NEVER TELL . t and what passengers never hear—are the words that fly between pilot and co-pilot on a treacherous night when they’re trying to set a giant transport down in a tropical squall. Airline pilot Leland Jamieson cracks out an exciting story of airline flying, in this week’s Fast,.Co-Pilots Don’t Talk Bapk. THE BARBER WHO EARNED HIS FUNERAL. Old Willialn, for private reasons, decided to collect his buryin’ money 6e/ore he died. And was double-crossed at hisownfimeral!... A short story. Mortgage on the Home, by Price Day. v •
DEATH OF A MOUNTAIN CLIMBER. Five people who read this story in manuscript asked, “When did this happen? I didn’t see it in the newspapers.” This story of a conflict between two men on an icy peak 28,000 feet up is fiction, but it’s so realistic you’ll swear it actually happened! Read Top Man, by James Ramsqy Ullman. SCREWBALL BUSINESS, BUILDING BOMBERS! Do you know why (it would be useless for foreign spies to steal the blueprints for a U. S. Army bomber? Why the “simple” business of building bombers drives sane productionmenmad? Here’swhatgoesoninthefactoryfromZtoA! Bead Bombers by the Pound. UNCLE SAM, KEEP HANDS OFF MEXICO! So you think Mexico would be all right if the Communists left it alone? Cross out Communists, says this author, and write in Uncle Sam, and you’re nearer right. An informed Mexican shows you how Uncle Sam has 'balled things up by meddling SoMi/i o/i/ie Border. AND.. . Another installment in Walter D. Edmonds’ colorful circus novel, Red Wheels Rolling; more of Dime Store, the life of Frank W. Woolworth; editorials. Post Scripts, cartoons.
t
V'y 111
m