» .
IHE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair and warm today. Tomorrow showers and cooler. *
Purdue
WEDNESDAY 0<^obef 12. 1938 Lafayette, Ind&aaa VoL so No. 25
Gold Digger$ To Dance To
Dick Cisne's Music Friday
the popular eds will be dined and ■danced in myriads of gold and glittering decoration? at the ball. The backdrop will be black with the letters “Gold Diggers” painted in gold across the top. Beneath this will be a pile of gold coins with a black shovel partly among them. More gold coins made of cardbo.ard and sprinkled with powdered silver will be hung along the walls, carrying out the colorful effect.
Senior Lectures
Begin Thursday
George R. Beach, Jr., assistant manager of the personnel division of the du Pont Company, Wilmington, Del., will open the first ih a series of senior employment lec-. tures tomorrow at 4 p. m. in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering’ Building.
Beach’s subject will be “How to Secure Employment,” and throughout the talk he will suggest meth^ods for seniors who are trying to secure employment upon graduation. As the du Pont Company has studied employment methods for a number of years. Beach will have the benefit of its experience and its knowledge along these lines.
University placement committee members urge all seniors, interested in du Pont-recommended methods for securing employment, to attend the lecture.
Frosh WSGA Election, Charm School Talk
Will Be Held Tonight
Two freshmen representatives to WSGA will be selected by freshmen co-eds at the WSGA Mass Meeting today at 4:00 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Thirteen freshmen girls have turned in petitions signed by 21 classmates.
The thirteen petitioning co-eds are:* Mary Wirt, Natalie Depnis, Marilou Wallace, Mary Reuther, Amelia Rodefeld, Phyllis Julian, Molly Harding, Joan Nelson, Jane Server, Bernadine Evans, Helen Ritchey, Janice Yeoman, and Martha Upshur.
Prior to the voting. Professor Robert Phillips of the histpry, economics, and government department will discuss “Charm in the Classroom” at this second session of the very popular charm school.
Art Club To Outline New
Program At First Meeting
In order to outline a program for the year, the University Art Clpb will meet tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in room F of the Union Building for the first meeting of the year.
According to Robert Kany, in charge of publicity, everyone interested is invited to attend the meeting. Old members are urged to be present, He also stated.. .
Dance Maestro
Amplifier In Cafeteria A new feature of this year’s dance will be an amplifying system for the cafeteria. In order to relieve congestion in the ballroom, couples may dance in the cafeteria. Chaperones for the dance are: Dean Stratton, Miss Coolidge, Miss Hazelton,.Miss Schleman, Miss Houghton, Miss Frazer. All the house 'mothers are also invited.
xampus orchestra from the University of Illinois, who will play for Gold Diggers Friday night.
Riding Club Returns From Fall Round-Up With Three Prizes
Exponent Plans Classes For Frosh
University Club Clas^A Moves To Fieldhouse
Lecturer Marcosson Reveals Trade Secrets
■By Don Terrio
pick Oisne and his orchestra from the University of Illinois, will reign over the Gold Diggers Dance Friday night in the Union ballroom. With Cisne’s band are Dick Harton, one of the midwest’s outstanding drummers, and Dori Glen, talented young songstress. Cisne is.billed as having j:he most extensively traveled college band in’ the midwest today. All that glitters is not gold, but
It is easy enough to see that Isaac Majrcosson, last night’s convocation lecturer, has traveled the world over ... . the multitude of vari-colored labels on his bags, the neat compactness of his packing, and the familiar, efficient way in which he laid out his clothes in his hotel room proved that.
Marcosson stepped off a Big Four train at 4:18 yesterday afternoon, stepped into his room at the Fowler Hotel a few minutes later. Tired and hot after a long journey from New York City, he immediately unpacked and made himself comfortable. Light Reading A pipe appeared in his hand and a detective story magazine appeared on the bureau . . . the pipe for enjqyable smoking coupled with one cigar a night, the magazine for light reading as a sideline to current “serious” reading. “The first requisite of a good interviewer and a good journalist is a good memory,” Marcosson answered our question. Interviewing the Than who has interviewed more world famous figures than any other person was something brand new in assignments . . . during which he himself helped immensely.
Find Particular Interest It was Marcosson’s first visit to Lafayette, and his first sight of Heavilon Hall tower came as we looked out the window. “Many years «go,” he. saidi “I saw Purdue win football games in Louisville, f guess they’re still winning football games aren’t they?” “Every man has a particular interest of his own. Find that out, have a multitude of intelligent questions on the tip of your tongue, and you are in a position to get a firstclass interview.” No Notebooks
Marcosson’s favorite sport to watch is polo; one of his favored pastimes is motoring. Although he has been chauffered by men of almost every tongue, Marcosson cannot drive a car himself!
He can carry an interview of bvei* 5,000 Wjords in his head, and has never used a note-book when interviewing. “The sight of a pencil in your hand will distract your subject and will stop him from freely expressing himself,” he observed. “Turbulent Years,” Marcosson’s newest book covering post-war events, appeared on the market yesterday, coincident with his convocation address here.
Dick Cisne, leafier of rhythmic
Car Burns In Front Ag Chemistry Staff
Of Cary Hall North To Entertain Frosh
Returning from the annual fall roundup at Indianapolis Sunday, the Purdue Riding Club brought back a 4th place carrying h $10 prize and a ribbon, and two fifth place ribbons. The club placed in three out of six events in which it was entered, taking fourth in the pony express race, fifth in the balloon race, and fifth in the musical, chair game. Twenty-five riders and nine horses' made the trip for Purdue, nine of whom represented the club in the parade dressed in black habits and gold ascot ties. Six hundred horses representing 63 clubs in addition to numerous unattached riders took part in the I’oundup.
Crieg of “Fire!” and “Call the fire engine!” woke Cary Hall resi--dents early yesterday morning when a 1936 Chevrolet coupe belonging to Nurettin Ayasun, ME ’39, was discovered burning. Several boys passing Cary Ha}l North about 1:15 a. m. yesterday noticed the car and gave the alarm. Hoses were brought from the halls and water sprayed on the flaming car, but "West Lafayette firemen dragged the burning cushions out of the car and extinguished the fire. A carelessly thrown-away cigarette butt or ignition failure probably caused the accident, said firemen at the scene.
Freshmen majoring in agricultural chemistry will be entertained at an informal get-together Friday night at 7 o’clock. The freshmen will meet in front of Ag Hall and be taken to the 'West Side Country Club for the meeting.
Agricultural chemistry staff members and the experiment station are sponsoring this get-together, and Prof. H. R. Kraybill and other staff members will speak to the freshmen. Officers of the Ag Chemistry Club will also address the meeting, president Maby stated last night.
Grad Resumes Duties
Hoof And Horn
B. F. Catherwood, Ag ’24, has resumed his duties as’ Professor of Economics at Ithaca College after spending three months in England .studying industrial conditions, and the labor situation.
Hpof and Horn, Aniipal Husbandry honorary, will hold election of officers in room 118 of Agriculture Hall at 7:30 this evening. A special invitation is extended to all freshmen taking Animal Husbandry by president Gobble. Refreshments will be served.
Senior Pharmacists Prepare Prescriptions For Students
First meeting of all freshmen interested in working on the editorial or sports staffs of the Exponent, will be held in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building tomorrow night at 7:15. At this meeting attention will be focused on the duties of various staff members, with Editor H. I. Stanback and City Editor D. A. Bailey explaining the work under their respective supervision. Following this Short meeting, freshmen interested in working on the paper, may sign up for a two weeks’ training course.
By Betty Wickard.,
Hay fever victims and cold sufferers, do you ever stop to wonder where and by whom are prepared the carefully packaged prescriptions you receive at the Pharmacy Building ?
H. L. Kendall, who is in charge of the Purdue Apothecary, is the person best qualified to answer these questions. Taking us behind the scenes into the small apothecary laboratory he explained how prescription number 195,764 was filled. Senior Pharmacists
There will be an organization meeting of the faculty and University Club members in the faculty locker room of the new Fieldhouse at 4 o’clock this aftezmoon. Chief Clevett requests that those who are interested in volley ball or squash Z’acquets be present at this meeting. Contestants are asked to bring their gym shoes and equipment. The class will be scheduled on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 4 p. m. Prof. H. G. DeKay has been appointed chairman of the branch of the .XJnivqt^ty Club, activities.
Senior pharmacy students, supei’vised by registered pharmacists,; carefully measure the materials om a scale correct to 1-3500 of an ounce. In a refrigerator the emulsified ingredients used are stored at the correct temperature. When our prescription was completed, the formula was carefully stored away among the volumes of files from which may be obtained at few minutes’ notice any formula used in the 22 years of the apothecary’s service.
Standard preparations called for many times are made up in large quantities downstairs by junior pharmacy students. Nose drops by the gallon, peppermint oil for a cough medicine, and the familiar smell of methyl salicylate, arising
from jars of the throat salve which was being allowed to cool and solidify, lured us into the laboratory. Students must be able to make up any amount of prescription assigned to them by. Dr. H. George DeKay who is in charge of the lab. Formulas must be analyzed as a final check on the student. 100 Aspirin Per Minute In the adjoining room aspirin powder was being compressed into tablet form at the rate of 100 tablets per minute. One of the most complicated labor-saving machines is the homogenizer, which is used for the preparation of emulsions. The immiscous liquids are run through' an orifice at great pi’essure to break them up into very fine particles. Nearby, a box of ordinary round pebbles carefully cleaned attracted our attention. These, explained Mr. Kendall, are placed in a rotating container used to grind to a powder in a few minutes materials that would otherwise necessitate hours of work with a mortar and pestle. A pill coater and a contraption used for filling three bottles at one time are other intei-esting labor-saving devices. Twenty-one thousand prescriptions were filled last year alone, and the record will probably be topped this year by P.urdue’s very busy and well organized apothecary.
Jacobson Names
New Bureau Heads
Eastburn, Breuer, Lutz, Smith, Jorgeson, Baker Will Direct Student Activity Bureau
Frances Eastburn, Student Union vice-president of last year, will serve as senior co-ed secretary for the newly formed Student Activities Bureau, for the coming year. Bureau Director
Jacobson announced last night.
Marcosson Shows Dictator Parade In Convo Lecture
“The Four- Power pact is merely a synthetic peace ... an armed truce .... a temporary armistice before the showdown between dictatorship and democracy.” . “The supreme paradox today is that a world, paved with peace pacts is a-world in arms.” “Fear has become International Public Enemy Number 1.” These and other terse statementsof international relationships and the European situation were pointed out to 2,000 people in the remodeled Memorial Gymnasium last night at 8 o’clock, when Isaac F. Marcosson spoke at the first convocation of the
year.
Marcosson introduced his audience through a series of personal
experiences and caricature-pictures to the “Dictator Parade,” including Trotsky, Mussolini, Hirohito, and Hjtler. As a world-wide correspondent and interviewer, Marcosson has personally interviewed more international figures than any other living person.
Unstable Hitler “Hitler has looked with longing eyes for two years at the rich granaries of Hungary and the extensive oil fields of Roumania. Hitler has said he desires no more territory, but the instability of his word has been shown by both Aiistria and Czechslovakia.” Marcosson was once scheduled for an interview with Hitler, but the hearing was called off when a German press executive discovered that in a Saturday Evening Post article Marcosson had described Hitler as “A synthetic Mussolini; a cross between P. T. Barnum and Florenz Ziegfeld.”
PotAJSm^
By Mrs. Elizabeth Leer
“Crippled Splendour” by Evan John is a well-written historical novel now in its sixth printing. Incidentally, it was chosen as the English book-of-the-month. The author has done a splendid job of historical reconstruction of the life of James I, the great-great-great grandfather of Mary, Queen of Scots. It is a novel that grips the imagination and sends it flying back to those days of intrigue when it was dangerous to be a prince of the royal blood! Leads Swiftly, Vividly There is action, suspense and romance galore set against the colorful background of the early fifteenth century when feudal lords jealously held sway in Scotland. All of this leads the reader swiftly and vividly through the years with the boy captive, the lover, and finally the king—James I. Might we add that in the present day, crowns are still risky possessions, but kings have learned to become uncrowned (or shall we say decrowned) more gracefqlly, ,wi|;hout the necessary accompaniment of murder; . .» . .. ...
Assistant managers, to fill jimior positions in the Bureau are G. W. Breuer, D. Smith, and C. F. Lutz. Junior co-ed secretaries, selected from the girls petitioning for this position are Althea Jorgeson, and Georganna Baker. Board Elects The above six officers were agreed upon by the nine Bureau Executive Board members late last night. Petitions were turned in Monday and all candidates were interviewed by the Board yesterday and last night. It was only by working overtime that the Board was able to announce the officers at this early
date.
Much effort has been expended by this Board which represents the entire student body in an effort to get the Bureau into operation at the earliest possible date. Now with the selection of the officers, it will be possible to get into operation this
week.
Within the next day or two, a call will be issued for sophomore workers. Present officers must familiarize themselves with their duties first, however.
AIEE, Eta Kappa Nu Plan Picnic For All
EE Students, Faculty
Electrical Engineering students and faculty members are invited to attend a picnic Saturday afternoon in Murdock Park, presidents of AIEE and Eta Kappa Nu an nounced last night. Sponsored by both societies, the picnic will have as its main features sports, a rebroadcast of the Purdue-Fordham game, and a variety of refreshments. Promotion of good fellowship and the acquainting of all EE students and staff is the main pui’pose of the picnic. All EE students are welcome, and transportation will be furnished from in front of the EE Building at 1 p. m. Saturday. Included in the sports will be football, softball, and horseshoes.
Nationwide Football
Forecasting Contest
Now Open To Students
Boxes have been provided in the Sweet Shop, Deac’s, Southworth’s, Bartlett’s, Huffman’s, Cary Hall, Grill, the Triple XXX on South street. Wimpy’s, and all fraternity houses and sororities for drug store quarterbacks who think that they can successfully forecast the score of the Purdue vs. Fordham game and the Kansas State vs, Marquette game. All forecasts must be written on the back of a package of Phillip Morris. As many ballots as desired may be cast providing that each is on a separate pack. The name, address, and affiliation of the forecaster should be included. One thousand cigarettes will be awarded to all persons forecasting both games successfully, 100 to each forecasting one score and the winner of both garnet, and 50 to each person successfully forecasting the score of one game.
Thaetes Sorority...
. . . announces the pledging of Regina Baker, Gary; Maeta Kaplan, Lafayette; Jeanne Marjorie Weil, Chicago; and Charlotte Braude, Chibago: ■ '
rf ;■#S'*'' t ‘ ' S . /t ^ I! ^ ^
• 1
£ditohiBd
THE PURDtIE EXPONENT
J^mdtuJmA
Wednesday. October 12, 1938 ||i
C^t Some Culture In Your ^Trade School’ (Ohio State Lantern) One objective and one which students seldom use when they are trying to persuade dad to send them to college, is to have a good time. The four years spent in college usually are and should be four of the happiest years of one’s life. The student who frankly admits that one of his purposes in being here is to have a good time is doing no wrong. After all to live happily for even four years in today’s world is no mean accomplishment. But some students slave long hours at the sweatshop wages in order to maintain a precarious existence in the University. Certainly having a good time is not one of their objectives. They and most students are here seeking an education which, after graduation, will help them to live a little better than their contemporaries who do not have a similar education. At least that is their hope. In recent years American universities have often been criticized for their tendencies to de-emphasize the cultural and classical aspects of education in favor of technical training. Occasionally we have even heard this University mistakenly called a “trade school.” Such critics can find ample evidence to back their arguments, but they should study the objectives of all kinds of education before they cry out too loudly. The classicists claim that cultural education leads to a richer fuller life. Their point is well taken. But the experience of thousands of graduates in the technologies testifies to the fact that technical training does pay dividends in dollars and cents. Wealth, when used as a means to an end, is also no detractor from the better life. The wise student who is enrolled in a technical course will recognize the values of both sides of the controversy. He will study hoping that his technical training will pay its
the Purdue Exponent
REPRBSKNTKD FOR NATIONAL ADVKRTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO ■ BOSTON ■ LOS AHSILSS • SAH FRAKCISCO Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authoriised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer SMsion. Delivered locally by carrier for ^8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-In-Chief .H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor._ L. S. Hardin City Editor. D. A. Bailey Associate Editors . G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. M. C. Resveo Local Advertising Manager — Xu M. Antonini Circulation Manager....— - W. F. Berg Sales Manager. - -V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager— — H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager — W. E. Smith Art Director. — _D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors — Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor R. L. McDonald Associate Editors — —J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
This newspaper is written, edited, and publisiied by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Kroeplin Issue Editor—De Hoog Wednesday, October 12, 1938
and ^Jder By Georgann Schilling
May we begin today with a flash, a scoop, or a rather unusual news bulletin? Of course, we are really taking our life (well, our literary career) in our hands when we tell you this bit of news, as it is yet only a rumor and none of the Union officials will answer “Yes” or “No” to our questions. Anyway ARTIE SHAW and his band may appear on the campus soon—^within the next month even, and play for a regular mixer with the admission price of one dollar remaining the same!! This band is one of the leading dance combinations in the country. They do considerable recording for Brunswick, and one of their most famous arrangements is their theme song “Nightmare.” Of course, we intended this news to be talked of only in whispers until an official announcement is made. But we do hope to be seeing and hearing Artie Shaw in our ballroom soon. —H-H— Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, noted efficiency expert and special consultant on the faculty of the engineering
schools, has been on the campus during the past week. Dr. Gilbreth stayed at the WRH white in West Lafayette, and on Thursday evening she was hostess to a theatre party for the staff of both the residence halls. —H-H— Now that perfect Indian summer has made its appearance in these parts, outdoor entertainment has reached a new high in popularity. Many couples, stag groups, and the mixed crowds enjoyed fall outings over the week-end. The Triangles entertained their dates with a picnic near Attica on Saturday. Looking forward into next week-end, the Alpha Chi Rhos have a stag steak fry planned for the afternoon of October 16. —H-H— Orchids to the nimble fingers of Sigma Nu Russ Mock, pianist in Harry McCrady’s new band. After listening to the special numbers as played by Russ at Saturday’s mixer, the campus can again hail the lad as one of her most talented “HIMS” at Purdue. —H-H— The campus is getting anxious about whose band is going to reign over the Military Ball. This dance is scheduled for November 11—less than a month away, so publicity chairman Don Vance, should be making some kind of an announcement soon.
WB AA
' —today— 11:00—Morning^ Melodies. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks. 12 :16—Sports Review—Dick Shively 12 :30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12 :45—Wanita Wilson—soprano. 1:00—-Meditations—Rev. Chysels. 1 ;15—Monitor Views the News. 1:80—Geography in the News. 1:46—Market Reports. 2:00—Afternoon Musicale. 2:30—Columbus Day Program—Knights of Columbus. 2 :45—Musical Moments. 3 :00—Concert Review. 4 ;00—Contract Bridge Chats—Julius L. Born. 4 :15—Dick Curtner—pianist. 4 :30—Purdue Round Table. 4 :45-—Story Book Hour.
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY—
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Chrisirnas Cards
"DEAC" Everythihg for a College Education H. G. REISNER • Jewelers
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS 50 Assorted Lovely Designs with Envelopes for $1.50. Finest Quality Art $3 00. Your name inscribed on each tree if desired. An Ideal Xmas Gift. Order Early. NICHOLS & CO. Rockmart, Georgia
• Florists
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 3Z2 Ferry St.
for distinctive corsages ROTH FLORIST Phone 7955—8050 635 main street
R. J. BATH
Dorncr's Flower Shop
Watchmaker
Quality Flowen
605 Main St.
Main et 7th Phone 6050
mm BUiii — Also — "Flash Gordon's Trip to Mars" Thurs.-Fri.-Sat. QUICK MONEY ROOTIN' TOOTIN' RHYTHM
ZORRO RIDES AGAIN
CHBa
TODAY
Also Phil Harris and Orchestra
Starts Tomorrow DOUBLE FEATURE
[ANE WITHERS At Her Laugh Making Heart Winning Best! CHECKERS — Plus The Black Doll ‘ with NAN GREY Donlad Woods—Edgar Kennedy
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licbly
promised dividends. In addition he will spend some of his time absorbing culture. The facilities are here.
HEARD AND SEEN in the Exponent office—DON (I saw the game-?) BAILEY staring into nowhere—“10,000 co-eds at Minnesota!” It seems he just CAN’T get over it.
Anyone who thinks he is going to get any dirt out of this column today might just as well stop reading right now. We won’t talk! But if you insist in finding out what we know—^well don’t blame us for telling you.
Some of the eds on the campus are wondering how MARJORIE KIRKPATRICK, WRH freshman, can keep so many on the string at the same time. Beware, MARJORIE these campus eds always win. Look at the suckers taking dates to the Gold Diggers.
A lot of people are wondering about the DELT who got lost on the hayride last Friday night. Some party, with the police and all the brothers looking for the lad'—just like a needle in the haystack.
FAMOUS TRANSFORMATION: Between the dusk and daylight When the party’s beginning to sour Comes a pause in the night’s recreation Known as the LET DOWN hour!
FAMOUS LAST LINE: Ten thousand co-eds—;my, my!
Capr. 1938 by United Ftutore Syndicate, Ine.
‘Would you mind letting your hair down. Miss?”
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE
EXPONENT TODAY
Softball
* Today Diamond 1— Ward 7 vs Ward 8 2— Ward IIX vs. Ward 13. 3— Ward 1 vs Ward 9. 4— Ward 15 vs. Ward 4. 5— Ward 2 vs Ward IX. 6— Ward 12 vs. Ward 7X. ?■—Ward 6 vs. Ward 2X. 8— Ward 10 vs. Ward 14. 9— Ward 6 vs. Ward lOX. 10— Ward 11 vs. Ward 3. 11— Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 10. 12— Cary Hall 8 vs. Cary Hall 6. 13— Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 9. 14— Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 7. 16—Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 8. 16—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Theta Tau. TENNIS
Today
Sophomore Final Powell vs. Richards. Junior-Senior Final Miller vs. Kerwm or George Frye. Deutman vs. Klein. Pruitt vs. Lucht or Kimmel
In ihe Usuost THE BILLIARD ROOM •Clean •Enjoyable Atmosphere •Modern Equipment •Reasonable Rates •YOUR Friends IN Jhi fiwviusL lAnimc Th^ Corner of the Campus Yet the Center of Activities
TOMORROW-FRI. WILLIAM GARGAN jOY HODGES in "Personal Secrefrary’^
imA — LAST DAY— MARTHA RAYE BURNS AND ALLEN in "College Swing" — and — MARY CARLISLE LLOYD NOLAN
"Hunted Men" Tomorrow-Fri.-Sat. THREE MESQUITEERS in "Wild Horse Rodeo" — and — GLORIA STUART in ‘Time Out for Murder'
— LAST DAY— Migtitier in its Tlirills.. .Than Any Picture You’ve Ever Seen! T,
WMNE MORIIiS-CUlillE TREVOH I4MNR McHUGH • ALAN HALE .-DONALD-CRISP CNAL WCKFORD t jack LuRUB • JOHN UTEIi T omorrow-Fri .-Sat.Squad Prepares For New York Invasion ( Determined that the Boilermakers’ speedy offense will not meet the same fate that it did at Min- ^ nesota last Saturday, Coach Mai Elward and the Purdue coaching staif are preparing the gridders for their Eastern invasion against the ♦
When you can buy **Sansrun'\ Kayser hose that are positively mnproof.-Always sl^m* MYnootht**alive'lool^ng‘\ and crystal clear. The secret? Their springy runproof construction. SOUTHWORTH'S COLLEGE SUPPLY STORE in the village
Fordham Rams at the Polo Grounds in New York City Saturday. Bottled up deep in their own territory for the greater part of the contest, the Boilermakers couldn’t get their offense going. If one of the speedy Purdue backs could have broken loose, an entirely different finale might have been written to the Big Ten opener. Last night at practice the gridders stressed timing and precision in their offense. A good deal of time was also spent on short pass plays and long passes. Strong Defense Purdue’s defense, rated as one of the highlights of last Saturday’s grid spectacles, may be equal to the task of stopping Fordham’s
greatly varied offense. With the exception of the Gopher’s lone score in the third quarter, the Boilermakers turned back Minnesota’s best offensive threats and on one occasion stopped the Gophers when they had seven downs within the 10 yard line. However, slight changes have been made in the defense in accordance with scouting reports from New York. Although the Rams no longer have their Seven Blocks of Granite, the Boilermakers are preparing to meet a more versatile attack that is bteing developed this year by Jim Crowley, Fordham coach. Ted Tykocki, sophomore halfback from Lansing, Mich., is being pre(Continued on page 4)
Cross Country Team Meets Indiana
Everywhere, the most important men are careful to look successful. That’s why so many of them prefer HEUSEN SHIRTS The tailored perfection of these famous shirts is as smart as the Van Heusen collar <|kl qc; attached to them. X* LOCB & H E NE COMPANY
High Finesse By Coaches Aids Defense By Phil Johnson Flashy freshmen football warriors are assuming new importance in Purdue’s football system. Besides inter-team scrimmages for the first year men, this year the frosh will have several chances to tangle with the varsity. The team is divided into squads, with each squad representing a future opponent of the Boilermakers. These squads are learning plays and tactics of the teams they represent. Frosh vs. Varsity The week preceding the varsity game with the team whose plays they have mastered, the squads will scrimmage with the varsity. This system is beneficial to both teams. The varsity gains in defensive power, and the “freshies” gain valuable experience. The'Tfreshmen are enthused over the plan and are working very hard to master some of the difficult plays. Very Effective The effectiveness of the plan was demonstrated last Saturday against the Minnesota eleven. The valiant
Hoosiers Seeking 20th Straight Victory Today Indiana will be seeking its twentieth straight victory in dual crosscountry meets when it tangles with the Boilermakers on the old Purdue course at 4:15 this afternoon. The meet, which was originally scheduled for November 5, will begin and end in the Stadium. Art Bodeau and Torchy Knapp, mainstays of the Boilermaker squad will be seeking revenge in the meet, as Mel Trutt, outstanding performer of the Indiana squad beat them in last year’s meet. Another star of the Hoosiers’ is Tolliver, who has turned in some fine performances so far this year. The Boilermakers, with a victory over Wabash and a defeat at the hands of Pittsburgh, will be running the old course for the first time this season. Coach Phillips plans to use the first seven men who finished in the meet against Wabash last Saturday. They are: Bodeau, Knapp, Reeves, Fatout, Marozick. White, and Gaulke.
Riveters played such a strong defensive game against the Gopher’s powerful forward wall as to merit commendation from sports writers the nation over. Last week’s practice with the “Minnesota” squad of freshmen undoubtedly was a great help in the Gopher struggle.
Eight Frats Will Play Off Softball Finals . This afternoon the eight teams which have lost but one game will open the playoffs for the remaining five positions in the finals of the fraternity softball tournament. Phi Kappa Sigma, Delta Chi, and Sigma Alpha Epsilon already have assured themselves places by going through their schedules undefeated. The following teams will be notified by phone as to where and when they are to play: Sigma Chi, Theta Chi, Beta Theta Pi, Phi Kappa Tau, Alpha Gamma Rho, Acacia, Phi Kappa Psi, and Kappa Sigma.
Intramural Notices
TOUCHBALL Today Tield Official 1— Alpha Chi Rho vs. Alpha Gamma Rho G. Luce 2— Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Alpha Tau Omega Smithson 3— Beta Sigma Psi vs. Beta Theta Pi Witsman 4— Delta Chi vs. Delta Tau Delta I Pauline 5— Delta Upgilon vs Kappa Delta Rho Chapman 6— Kappa Sigma vs. Lambda Chi Alpha Boyer 7— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Kappa. Fishel 8— Phi Kappa Sigma vs Phi Delta Theta Knck GOLF 1:36 p. m. Sigma Nu vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Thursday, October 13 Championship Round Phi DeltaTheta vs. Winner of above match.
TMi mimaw LAUNDRY . and. .CLEANING, ca
Frequent Dry Cleaning Prolongs the Life of Your Clothes Sik, scommg, fife ipiL.
American Laundry Fine Cleaning and Shoe Repairs West Side - 132 Vine Street
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings
Photographers from Dexheimer-Carlon Stydios, Indianapolis, are taking Debris senior pictures in room A of the Union Building, starting at 8 a. m. each morning of the schedule. Every senior has been scheduled a sitting for a definite time, and will receive a card through the mail telling the exact time of his sitting.
Debris editors state that it is very important that each senior report to room A on time, or that he make arrangements for a convenient time. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular Debris pictures and should be made at the time the picture is taken.
Wednesday, October 12 8 00—Meier, R. A 8.05—Maloney, J R. 8-10—Mendenhall, R. E. 8:15—Miller, D. C. 8.20—Mitchell, R. B. 8'25—Morris, R. L. 8:30—Moses, H. H. 8.35—Netherton, W. R. 8-40—Newhouse, R. B. 8 45—McFarland, Virginia W. 8.50—Motz, D. 8:55—Merritt, Frances 9:00—Miller, W. B. 9:05—Myers, R. j. 9:10—Nelson, G. W. 9:15—Schoonover, Mary M. 9:20—Senour, Florence Jane 9.25—Smith, Evelyn 9.30—Soehner, Betty 9:35—Mazur, J. W. 9:40—Powell, D. F. 9:45—Prusiecki, E. 9:50—Ralston, L. R. 9:55—Reguly, A. M. 10:00—-Mabz, R. 10:05—Maierson, A. T. 10:10—Retry C. j. 10:15—Phillips, R. C. 10:20—Prassa, M. T. 10:25—Pugaez, M. 10:30—Randel, W. C. 10:35—Reed, C. F. 10:40—Reeves, M. 10:45—Rice, R. G. 10:50—Romeiser, G. C. 10:55—Ruse, N. H. 11:00—McDaniel, L. 11:05—McLaughlin, W. G.
11:10—Mitchell, H R. 11 ■ 15—Moore, W. W. 11 :20—Mooreman, ]. B. 11 :25—Munson, M. L. I 1 :30—Nichols, R. II :35—Nielsen, G A. 1 1 .40—Parke, T 1 1 :45—Parker, C. E. I 1 :50—Peterson, R. A. II :55—Phillips, R. A. 1 :00—Moan, O B. 1 :05—Myers, N. F. 1 :10—Osborn, G. E. 1 • 15—Paradise, E. M. 1 :20—Peterson, S. R. 1 :25—Platt, W. F. 1 30—Plotkin, H. E. 1 :35—Poulos, N. P. 1 .40—Reeder, R. L. 1 :45—Reznik, P. A. 1 :50—Riecke, M. C. 1 ;55—Shields, G. R. 2:00—Richardson, R. L. 2:05—Richmond, S. H. 2:10—Riser, H. L 2:1 5—Rittenhouse, j. W. 2:20—Rollins, F. T. 2:25—Rosen, R. H. 2:30—Rothenberger, E. E. 2:35—Rowe, D. F. 2:40—Rudig, D. E. 2:45—Rudolph, j. M. 2:50—Sanders, E. L. 2:55—Schinbeckler, D. D. 3:00—Prechter, W. C. 3:05—Schreiner, T. 3:10—Schumacker, R. S. 3:15—Scott, H. C. 3:20—Schlaise, S. B.
3 25—Shockney, H. S. 3 30—Sink, L. W. 3:35—Skinner, M E. 3 40—Smith, D. F. 3 45—Smith, E. P. 3:50—Smith, F. A. 3 55—Smith, Harold S. 4-00—Lankford, H. G. 4-05—Perrin, A. C. 4:10—Strong, W. B 4.15—Smith, 0. T. 4:20—Anderson, R. A. 4:25—McLaughlin, Mary 4:30—Johnson, Dorothy 4.35—Petticrew, Mary 4.40—Saurer, Margaret 4:45—Wynn, Parker 4.50—McNeil, R. 4 55—Gridley, D. 5:00—Sevinney, j. G. Thursday, October 13 8:00—Mahns, M. W. 8:05—Marion, R. P. 8.10—Newman, j. E. 8:15—Mitchell, j. D. 8:20—Monger, D. E. 8:25—Schnebin, R. N. 8:30—Shiveman, H. C. 8:35—Sieber, H. J. 8:40—Silance, L. 9:45—Silva, F. W. 8:50—Smith, W. H. 8:55—McNeill, L. F. 9:00-*Shiff, M. j. 9:05—Mansfield, R. L. 9:10—Peth, R. B. 9;15—pfister, P. E. 9:20—flowers, C. H.
9-25-Pratt, J. R. 9.30—Rosenberg, J. M. 9'35—Rowland, M 9:40—Schrohe, R. 9:45—Shinn, j. R. 9 50—Smith, A. E 9:55—MacDonald, C. C. 10:00—Myers, M. 10:05—Reeves, M C. 10:10—Rieke, J. W. 10:15—Rosenbaum, W. J. 10:20—Schnell, R. L I 0:25—Skebelsky, M. M. 10:30—Small, G. R. 10:35—Smith, R. W. 10.40—Snyder, W. M. 10:45—Spitler, J. F. 10:50—Spitzer, R. B. 10:55—Stanback, H. I. II :00—Muehihausen, R. J. 1 1 :05—Newhall, j. N. 1 1 :10—Myers, J. W. 11:15—Novak, S. T. 1 1 :20—Ortman, J. B. 1 1 :25—Richards? C. A. I 1 :30—Rickey, C. B. II :35—Rabbius, D. L. 11 :40—Rabbius, F. A. 11:45—Roby, W. E. 11:50—Ruppert, C. F. 11 :55—Rush, F. C. 1:00—Steinman, j. O. 1 ;05—Stekman, R. M. 1:10—Stephan, R. E. 1 ;15—Stewart, Gilman 1:20—Stover, R. H. 1:25—Straley, G. J. 1 ;30—Strawbridge, H. E. 1:35—Stutzman, L. F.
1 :40—^Taylor, M. 1:45—Tebay, J. H. 1 :50—^Thatcher, R. H. 1 :55—^Thompson, W. E. 2:00—Spring, G. H. 2:10—Swigart, G. H. 2:1 5—Swinehart, M. L. 2:20—^Tabshey, F. 2:25—Taylor, j. E. 2:30—^Taylor, J. P. 2:35—Thorton, R. M. 2.40—^Topping, A. D. 2:45—^Trippett, B. L. 2:50—Tryon, j. E. 2:55—Tyrell, W. P. 3:00—Ulm, R. C. 3:05—McCool, Beth 3:10—McKee, Frances 3:15—Maier, Elizabeth C. 3:20—Mankin, Jeanette 3:25—Meldahl, Janis 3:30—Merriell, Florence 3:45—Merritt, Kathryne M. 3:40—^Sasser, R. M. 3:45—Schaefer, J. 3:50—Schisler, H. B. 3:55—^Schroeder, C. D. 4:00—Seale, J. J. 4:05—Bauer, P. j. 4:10—Hazelton, Helen 4:15—Schwehn, Hilda 4:20—Knight, Helen 4:25—Brady, Veronica 4:30—Russell, Marion 4:35—Frazier, Ray 4:40—Schaff, F. H. 4:45—Schmuck, C. C, 4:50—Shin, D. A. 4:55—Shoemaker, D. W4
pared by Boilermaker coaches to take over a large share of the left halfback work in the coming tilt. Tykocki, a 180-pounder, has been showing much promise and it is hoped that he can be counted on as a capable understudy to Jack Brown regular left half.
Motorcycle Club: Meet in room A of the Union for election of officers Thursday, October 13, at 7:00 p. m. —STRIEBY. WAA Officers: Please meet in the WAA office at 4 :00 p. m. today, October 12. —MERRITT.
Union Sophomores: My committee will meet at 4 p. m. today, October 12, in the Student Union office. —ASHTON.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable,, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebeishoff, 605 Main street. BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS—60 assorted lovely designs, with envelopes for $1.60. Finest quality art $3.00. Your name inscribed on each free if desired. An ideal Xmas gift. Order early. Nichols & Co., Rockmart, Georgia. CALL 7828 and order a case of 320— economy toilet roll $4.60. LOST: Brown suede jacket in Room 103 ME Building. Finder please call Posson 2390.
Debris: Photographic staff meeting will be held Thursday, October 13, at 4 :00 p. m. in the darkroom. —EMSLEY.
Silver Mask: Important meeting at 7 :30 p, m. today, October 12, in room 2 of the Union. —LEVIN.
Engineer: The following men report to Catterall at 4 this afternoon in the Engineer office: Lawler, Long, Worthington, Martinek, Payne, Stevenson, McElroy, and Harper. —FELIX. Kappa Delta Pi — Important meeting Thursday, October 13, in room B of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. All members required to attend. —FELDMAN.
CALLING ALL FRATERNITlE8-;-Chap-ter Bulletins a specialty. You furnish the copy—we set the type and furnish you gal-' ley proofs. Yon make up the dummy—we print and you are ready to mail. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
Alpha Lambda Delta—Important meeting today, October 12, at 7 :30 p. m. in YWCA office. Attendance compulsory. —BURNHAM.
FOR RENT: Two-room apartment and kitchenette. Phone 36013.
Wesley Foundation: Hobo party Friday evening, October 14, at 7 :30, at the Foundation. Wear old clothes. —McFADDEN.
QUESTION?—Why not use paper napkins—a nice embossed standard weight 18%xl3% only $3.60 per case. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
Wesley Foundation: Annual men’s bean supper will be held Saturday evening, October 15, at 6:46 p. m. in the church for 15 cents. All Methodist men are invited —McFADDEN
Presidents: Engineering honoraries and societies presidents meet in Dean Potter’s office in the Administration Building at 6 p m. today, October 12. —SMITH.
Notices must be in to Union Exponent office before 8 p. m.
Important First Meeting for all varsity swimming team candidates will be held in Coach LaBree’s office at 7 :30 P. M. Wednesday, October 12. —LaBREE.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting in the office at 7 :46 p. m. today, October 12 —BEAMING.
WAA Hockey. All freshmen are urged to attend the hockey practice today, October 12, at 4 p m if they expect to play on class teams —SHAFFER.
New Exponent Sophomores: Meet in the Union Exponent office, loom E today, October 12 at 7:30 p. m. for inspection trip through East Side and West Side offices. —HARDIN.
Mortar Board: Meeting Thursday at 4 :00 m. in room F of the Union Building. —WOOD.
Junior Modern Dance Group: Meeting in Women’s Gym today, October 12 at 4 pm. Previous attendance not necessaiy —NEWMAN.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side of Square SHEAFFER, PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
SmOQTH
Footwear that makes you feel faultlessly feminine and exquisitely shod with clever fitting effects for matchless comfort and fit ... .
Toppe/i #2 SsQO.nnd Flnar
lOEB & H C NC COMPANY Shoe Salon
POMM; Formal pledging Thursday, October 13, at 7 :80 p. m. in the Armory. All members and pledges must be present. —DONOVAN. Thomas Say Entomological Society: Regular monthly meeting will be held in room 103 of Agricultural Hall on Thursday, October 13, at 7:30 p. m. —FAVINGER.
PIA: All persons who have membership books and others interested in intensive campaign please meet in the PIA office 'Thursday, October 13, at 7 p. m. Important. —HINSHAW.
Mixed Archery: Today, October 12, 4 to 5:30 p. m. on women’s range. Equipment will be furnished. —BALCOM.
Charm School: Meeting in faculty lounge of Union Wednesday, October 12, at 4 p. m. All co-eds invited. —BERRY.
YWCA 21 Club: For all girls over 21 who plan to vote November 30. Girls interested must sign up in the YWCA office this week. First meeting in YWCA office Monday, October 17, at 4 p. m. —MOOREHEAD.
Kappa Delta Pi: Important meeting Wednesday, October 12, at 7 :30 p. m. in room B of the Union. All members required to attend. —FELDMAN.
Purdue Engineer: All staff members will meet in room A of the Union on Wednesday, October 12, at 8:00 p. m. Dean Potter will speak. —CATTERALL.
PIA Women: Those interested in bowling team report to Betty Lou Jakes in the PIA office between 4 and 5 p. m. on Wednesday, October 12. A team will be picked to enter the girl’s bowling tourney. There will be no charge. —JAKES.
SAE: Meeting in room 3 of the Mechanical Engineering Building on Thursday, October 13, at 4 p. m. —CONRON.
Catalyst Club: All members leave pledge nominations in Lovell’s office immediately. Deadline 9:00 a. m. Tuesday, October 11. Important meeting Wednesday, October 12, 7 :15 p. m. room 202, Heavilpn Hall. —CRAIG.
Wesley Foundation: Morning Watch will be held Thursday, October 13 at 7 :30 a. m. with Peggy Meese as leadei. —MELSER.
M. E, 31 Conditions: Examinations for the removal of conditions in M. E. 31 will be held Saturday, December 10, in room 301 of the M. E. building. Make arrangements with the undersigned before noon December 3. This will be the only opportunity this semester. (10-16) MESSERSMITH.
Military Ball Committee: Impoitant meeting today, October 12, in room 202 of the Armory at 4 p. m. —TREECE.
University Orchestra: Rehearsal moved to Thursday, October 13, at 7:16 p. m. in Fowler Hall. —PHILLIPS.
Flying Club: Meeting in room 2 of the Union at 7 p. m. Thursday, October 13. —CHEVEDDEN.
AIChE: Get membership cards from Deiths, Harris, Massey, Granger, and Jacobi by Saturday, October 16. —JACOBI.
AIChE: Meeting Friday, October 14, at 4 p. m. in Electrical Engineering Building room 109. —JACOBI.
Glider Club: Open meeting in room 1 and 2 of the Union Wednesday, October 12, at 7:15 p. m. Members be prepared to pay dues. -MOORE.
Your favorite golf club ... because it’s brokenin the way you want it.
0
NEED NO BREAKING IN
Breaking in new shoes is no fun ... so we’ve done it for you. Every pair of our Smith Smart Shoes have been designed from start to finish to give you that “broken-in” comfort at the first step. You can be sure that when you walk out of our store you’ll walk in comfort for months to come.
The \a *1 n 1 f L
Proved in Every Class Room at Purdue . In every class room at Purdue you will find students wearing Crown Cleaned Clothes. Maybe you wonder what this means to you. Clothes, Crown Cleaned are moth proofed by MONITE PROCESS which protects Garments against moth damage for six months or until cleaned again. NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR THIS SERVICE.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
Remember the pause that refreshes. Stop and enjoy a cold CocaCola at one of the familiar red coolers. COCA COLA BOTTLING CO.
Phone
509-11 Salem St. Lafayette
4828
THE FOSTER SHOP
The Music You Want When You Want It—With
With a comprehensive stock of all types of Victor Records, and soundproof booths, we are ready to give you the best of Service.
EXCLUSIVE DEALER For RCA Vidrolas and Radio Combinations
Get $25.95 value—in Victor Records and RCA Victrola Attachment — for $14.95. Attaches to any modem AC radio. Plays Victor Records thru your radio with full tone of set. Ask us for details!
Watch for Our Weekly Lists of NEW VICTOR RECORD RELEASES NEW THIS WEEK
26060—Margie^—F. T. Russian Lullaby—F. T Benny Goodman and His Orchestra 26062—Rainbow 'Round the Moon— F T. Stompin' At the Stadium—F. T Tommy Dorsey and His Orchestra 26059—All Ashore—F T Indiana Moonlight—F T. Swing and Sway with Sammy Kaye.
26058—Love Doesn't Grow On Trees —Vocadance F. T. Someone Thinks of Someone—Vocadance Waltz. Dick Todd, Baritone with Orchestra. 26061—Let This Be a Warning to You, Baby — F T. Father, Dear Father — F T. Bunny Berigan and his Orchestra