AHEHD PEP SESSION TOMORROW
THE WEATHER
Purdue Exponent
Forecast: Generally fair with mild temperature today; tomorrow showers and cooler.
WEDNESDAY November 2,1938 Lafayette, Indiana Vol. 50 No. 43
Senate Names Date For Prom Elections
Setting the date on Prom and Gala Week elections for Tuesday, December 13, Student Senate last night announced that the petitions would be issued in the near future. However, a 3.5 scholastic index for all previous semesters will be required as in all other activities. Senate president, C. G. Elliott stated.
In addition senate committees for the coming year were named. For the freshman handbook W. A. Hart was made editor and Ralph Reilly, business manager. Elections Committee, headed by chairman Herb Fishburn, is M. S. Estey, R. A. Dilts, Margaret Mitchell, and J. E. Kessel. Bruce Witwer was named as chairman and Louise Daniels and John VanHorn were appointed to the Student Body Relations Committee. Publicity Committee On the Publicity Committee were placed Martha Baker, Margaret Johnson, and Don Paarlberg, chairman; and for entertainment of the NSFA, J. R. Keck, Mary Townsend, M. S. Estey, J. D. Baker, and R. L. Reilly. J. H. Jacobi was -made the chairman of the Senate Gripe Committee consisting of Paula Zwierlein, R. Obenchain, C. F. Holfman, and D. Schinbeckler. For the coordination of campus tutoring were appointed B. Feldman, H. F. Layson, and J. W. Wise; an don the Senate Organizations Committee, L. B. McCammon, chairman, and John Stewart.
Main Party Stands Subject Of Student Alliance Discussion
Sponsored by the Student Alliance, representatives of the socialist, communist, democratic and republican parties will speak briefly on the principles and platform of their respective parties at 7:30 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall tomorrow evening. The democratic party will be represented by Professor Heyerdahl, of the University history and economics department. Mr. Phil Bart, state secretary of the Indiana Communist party, will present the communist party’s viewpoint. Socialist
Zouaves Will Hold
The socialist party’s st^nd will be given by Arthur G. McDowell, National Labor secretary of the socialist party. McDowell has been actively interested in the recent efforts to bring about unity between the A. F. of L. and the C. I. 0.
Formal Initiation
The Purdue Order of Zouaves, military honorary, will hold its formal initiation in the Armory this afternoon at 5 o’clock. The members are selected on a basis of their performance in military precision, drills and include dhiefly sophomores and juniors, although a few freshmen are admitted.
Those being initiated are; R. R. Reeder, J. W. Barnitz, J. W. Hudson, T. F. Hale, J. P. Edwards, J. R. Jacobsen, M. E. Keck, C. W. Peterson, R. E. Hawker, S. E. Wern-gi-en, H. R. Wilson, B. VanScoter, R. Fleming, C. Manley, D. Getchell, C. Breedlove, G. C. Daft, A. J. Vernier, R. E. Adams, R. A. Dibos, T. M. Bushnell, C. D. Kuhn, W. A. Ward, R. E. Ervine, A. A. Topp, F. Graf, E. C. Schrader, H. E. Milligan, A. J. Dillon, F. P. Longwell, J. E. Klinker, and W. F. Guyer.
Charles Robertson, prominent republican attorney, will represent the republican party. Mr. Robertson is a past president of the Tippecanoe county bar association and has been prominent in civic work. Following these short talks the meeting will be thrown open and questions and comments fi’om the audience will be in order. Dean R. G. Dukes, dean of the University graduate school, will preside. This is the first open meeting which has been held by the Student Alliance this year.
Playsliop To Meet
Junior and senior members of Playshop will meet tonight at 7:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall to select a staff for Playshop’s next production, “Dracula.” Staff positions will be selected from persons petitioning at the Playshop office before 5 p. m. today.
Science Academy To Honor
Former Faculty Members
Dr. Coulter was not only the first dean of men but was also dean of the science school before his retirement some years ago. Dr. Ai’thur was affiliated with the botany staff and gained world wide recognition for his discoveries concerning plant rust. Dr. Kern Will Speak Dr. Frank Kern, Sc ’07, now Dean of the Pennsylvania state college graduate school, will talk on Dr. Arthur’s accomplishments. D r. Kern was associated with the veteran botanist while he was at the University. Dr. Ray C. Friesner, of Butler University, will pay tribute to the work of Dr. Coulter. Both of these talks are scheduled for Friday morning.
Ball Tickets May Be Returned Until
Friday Afternoon
Students, who purchased tickets to the Military Ball and now wish to return them, are asked to leave them with Miss Cain in the Supply room of the Armory before 4:30 Friday afternoon. Bob Heine, Military Ball ticket sales chairman, said last night. From these tickets which are returned, students having preference positions on the waiting list will be notified iby telephone that they may secure tickets. Bob Crosby and his orchestra, featuring Marion Mann, as vocalist, will play for the dance in the Union ballroom from nine until one, November 11.
Torchlight Parade Led By Band Will Form In Village For March To Fieldhouse
Frosh Elect
DeGarmo To
Frosh To Assume Presidency
Exponent Duties
Freshman Exponent workers, now on the last lap of their training course preparing them to take over editorial posts on the paper, will meet in room A tonight at 7:15. New men will actually write a story tonight. All 40 of the freshmen will take the same facts and prepare a news story on the same event. The best story of the group will be published in tomorrow’s paper . Following this week’s meetings, new workers will be scheduled and worked into daily duties. During the remainder of the semester they will work but one evening each week.
Green Potters, freshman organization, elected Dick De Garmo, Cary Club, president for the current year, at a meeting held last night in the Union ballroom under the guidance of members of Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary.
With over 400 votes being cast, the following men were placed in office: vice-president. Wells Martin; secretary-treasurer, Tom Nygren; and social chairman, Milton Shaver; all from Cary Club.
Lautner, Triggs Will Give Concert
The election started at 7:30 last night with the arrival of the Cary Club boys following their band. After a few choruses of “Hail Purdue,” the election proceeded with each candidate giving a short talk. After the talks, freshmen cast their ballots as they left the ballroom, the entire meeting lasting only 45 minutes.
Sunday Affernoon
Special tribute will be paid to two former faculty members and veteran scientists, Dr. Joseph C. Arthur and I^r. Stanley Coulter, as the Indiana Academy of Science assembles for its 54th annual session on the campus tomorrow. Bqih Dr. Arthur and Dr. Coulter are former presidents of the academy and have been associated directly and indirectly with the University for many years. j
Joseph Lautner, lyric tenor, and Harold Triggs, internationally known pianist, will be the guest artists in a joint concert Sunday, November 6 at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. The concert is scheduled as one of the regular Sunday programs sponsored by the Music Room Committee of the Student Union. Lautner has appeared with the Boston Symphony Orchestra, before the Harvard Musical Association, and is now head of the Arthur Jordan School of Opera. Triggs is a teacher and composer as well as an accomplished pianist and has performed on such well known radio programs as the Ford Sunday Evening Hour, the Fred Waring program, and the General Motors Hour and has been soloist with the New York Philharmonic Orchestra and the Detroit Symphony. Inviting all students, faculty, and townspeople to attend, the committee in charge stated that the audience should come early because of the limited seating capacity and that the doors would be closed promptly at 4 p. m.
Religious Council To Present Annual
Scarecrow Dance
Presented for the second year by the Purdue Religious Council, the annual Scarecrow Ball will be held Friday, in the Union ballroom from nine until midnight.
Couples will dance the Virginia Reel and other old folk dances to the rhythms of such pieces as “Oh, Susanna” and “Golden Slippers” played by Bill McEachron and his band. The orchestra has been especially trained by McEachron for the dance and consists of strings and woodwinds only.
F. L .Reynolds, supervisor of recreation for 4-H clubs, will be the leader for the evening, assisted by a group of 20 couples who have been instructed in folk dancing. All those who wish to join this group are invited by Mr. Reynolds to attend the practice sessions tonight at 8 in Cynthia Jones Hall of the Baptist" Church.
Soph Training School
Tickets for the affair are now on sale at the Union desk for 50 cents.
Meets Today At 4 p. m. Frosh Debaters
Talks and the presentation of papers by prominent Hoosier scientists will occupy the rest of the day’s program. In the evening Eli Lilly, president of the academy, will speak on “A Plan for Accomplishing a More Effective Research.” Junior Academy Meets Saturday the Indiana Junior Academy will hold its meeting. The junior academy is composed of pupils of approximately 40 high school science clubs, and a number of papers prepared by the students will be presented. The principal address of the day will be given by Mrs. Marguerite Baumgartner on “A College Gird’s Adventures as a Naturalist on the Barren Grounds of the Arctic.”
“Orientation Problems” will be discussed again today by Betty'Jo Sexton, WSGA vice-president, at the meeting of the Thursday group of the sophomore training school to be held at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge. The Thursday section is meeting today instead of the usually scheduled time. This is the third in a series of these schools held regularly on each Tuesday and Thursday afternoons. The training school will continue until Christmas vacation.
Will Meet Friday
Kappa Sigma..
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Carl J. Verplank, ME ’40, of Lafayette.
Coach Eiward, Squad Members Will Give Talks Before Team Leaves For Ohio State University
Something different in Pep Sessions will be staged as a sendoff for the football team tomorrow night. Forming in the Village at 7:45, a torch light parade led by the entire Purdue Band will march to the Fieldhouse. Students will fall in along the line of march and will assemble in the Fieldhouse proper at 8 p. m. There, yell leaders will take over for a program of yells and short talks. The team, according to Coach Mai Eiward, will be there and can leave from the Fieldhouse for the train. The train pulls out at 9 tomorrow night. Best Of Year
Dr. Victor Heiser To Talk At Third
Convo
Tuesday
Dr. Victor Heiser will relate tbe struggles of early medical science to his audience at the third convocation of the year next Tuesday evening at 8 o’clock in Memorial Gymnasium. “More of a Doctor’s Odyssey” will be the title of his talk. Since his retirement in 1984 as director of the International Health Division of Rockefeller Foundation, Dr. Heiser has been lecturing, traveling, and writing books and magazine articles on medicine. He has traveled around the world 15 times, and during these journeys has studied medical conditions in many other countries. Dr. Heiser entered the United States Marine Hospital Service in 1898, and from 1903 to 1915 was chief quarantine officer for the Philippines. He also served as the Philippine director of health for 10 years.
In view of the organized student yelling at the Homecoming game yell leaders believe that tomorrow’s pep session should be the best of the year. Construction of the new Chemical Building and dirt on Stuart Field makes it impossible to have the session on that field. Backers of the session feel that the inside meeting will add to the enthusiasm of student backers. Success of the Iowa pep session of a week ago has been publicized over the middle west. Excellent student backing is given as a strong reason for Iowa’s excellent showing. University athltic booster organizations—Gimlet, Reamers, Skull and Crescent, and Gold Peppers—^feel that Purdue students will take this opportunty to demonstrate their enthusiasm. Posters and signs made by individuals, fraternities, or other organizations, will be in orded.
61sf Regiment Under Col. A. G. Campbell Encamps Here Tonight
Co-eds Will Hear
Business Woman
WSGA and YWCA invites all coeds to hear Mrs. Katherine Dunbar, of the Katherine Gibbs Secretarial 'School, who will speak at the meeting of the jointly sponsored Charm School tomorrow afternoon, at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union. Mrs. Dunbar is one of the leading authorities on business form in the United States. Her lecture will be on business technique, office procedure, and modern business etiquette.
The 61st Regiment of Coast Artillery and Anti-Aircraft Artillery, commanded by Col. A. G. Campbell, will move into town tonight. The regiment is on its way to Fort Sheridan, HI., from Fort Bragg, N. C. and will stop here overnight. If the weather is favorable, the regiment will camp on the parking lat north of the stadium; while in the event of bad weather, the men will camp in the Armory. Last night the regiment stopped over at Cincinnati, O., and tomorrow it will arrive at its destination. Fort Sheridan. All students are invited to inspect the regiment’s materiel tonight, and from 7 to 8 o’clock, a three billion candlepower searchlight will be turped on. i
Leads Sought For Fantdsy As Tryouts Get Under Way
All freshmen interested in tryingout for the debate team should report to room 301 University Hall at 4 p. m. Friday, according to Prof. Horn of the speech department. The six finalists of the Beveridge Speech contest who automatically became members of the team should also report at this time.
The subject which has chosen is; resolved “That the United States Should Form a Defensive Alliance With Great Britain.” No speeches will be necessary at this meeting, since it is primarily for organization purposes, however, everybody interested should attend.
Personality, singing ability, dancing ability, and a smooth intei-lo-cutor are still being sought by the Black and Tan Fantasy committee. Yesterday at 4 p. m. tryouts for the big Union Thanksgiving show began with encouraging results, but the committee is still unsatisfied. More and varied talent is still being sought in even larger quantities. Pony chorus tryouts last night netted some of the positions in that chorus, but more membei-s are needed to make this chorus a real success. Betty Jo and Rufina Sexton are in charge of this part of the show. Seek Singer Two of the main leads of the
show are still unselected. A lead female singer with a good voice, personality, figm-e, and some dancing ability is particularly necessary to the success of the show.
The Union committee is also seeking a smooth interlocutor, the middle man in a minstrel. Requirements here are personality, good voice, and smoothness.
Tryouts for any of the acting, dancing, and group acts are being held Wednesday and Friday, November 2 and 4, at 4 p. m. Singing trials will be held on Friday at 4:00 p. m. only. Singing selections will be made by Paul Worcester.
(-54*£diioJU£d
mmmmmmKm
Wmmw^W
THE PURDUE E3CPONENT
J^SUXjtuAM
IfHt*'* ^1*
; November 2.1938
When Iowa • • • .,. came onto the field last week to meet the Boilermakers, they carried with them more than a fighting spirit... they came out determined to win, to show fellow students that the greatest pe^ session and rally in Iowa’s history had no^been in vain. Throughout the game they carried that determination i|^ every tackle, every scramble for a fumble. Friday night at Iowa, visiting Purdue students saw that determination instilled into those Hawkeyes. Said one regular on the Iowa team, following the session, “We have got to win after what was done tonight.’’ If lowans had wondered just how important the student body might be in winning an athletic contest, they have ceased to wonder now, they know . . . the student body provided a twelfth man on that Iowa team that tied Purdue last Saturday. Tomorrow Night... , . . our strong Boilermaker team leaves for Ohio State to battle the Buckeyes tied for first place in Big Ten standings. Spirit and enthusiasm in our home camp is good. Our boys are going in there to fight, despite the fact that some outsiders consider the odds pretty high. Are we going to let the team slip off to Ohio in the same quiet manner that they went to Iowa ? Will the squad have any evidence of the vital moral support which they are leaving behind in the student body ? True, several students are going to Ohio State for the game, but the number is still small in comparison to the number remaining at home. Boilermaker fans demonstrated that their enthusiasm is contagious in the Wisconsin homecoming tilt here, when, at the start of the second half their yells blotted out the Badger quarterback’s signals. That student chant was still surging over the field when the first Purdue touchdown was pushed across a few plays later. Said co-captain Paul Humphreys last night, “If we had had a pep session before the Iowa game, it might have helped.”
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized Janu> ary 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Bilanaging Editor. J L. S. Har^n City Editor. ., D. A. Bailey Associate Editors . G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Krdeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager.. . Local Advertising Manager — Circulation Manager. — _ ... Sales Manager . National Advertising Manager . Accounts Manager .. Art Director
M. C. Reeves E. M. Antonini W. F. Berg ... V. Daugherty H. W. Nevin W. E. Smith D. J. Henninger
REPRESENTBD TOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY , National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madibon Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago • Boston • Los anoeles - San Fbancisco CO-ED STAFF Editor S«Uy McKee Associate Editors -Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor - B* U. BIcDonald Associate Editors...; — J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief. EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038
Night Editor—Kroeplin Issue Editor—De Hoog Wednesday, November 2, 1938
^J4im and ^Jder
By Georgann Schilling
Few trade dinners have been scheduled for this evening because of the many eds away on inspection trips. About the only exchange dinner we have heard of is that of the Pedalions with Cary Hall. And judging from the number of students planning to attend the Ohio State game this week-end, there will be no hot times in this old town on those nights! So if you can, plan to attend the game, go home for a visit, or do something which will take you far away, for social life promises to be practically nil. —H-H— New pledges to engineering honoraries can be recognized nowadays by the unusual symbols and items of wearing apparel which they don during their period of pledgeship. Chi Epsilon, civil engineering fraternity, places a large red bow tie on its pledges and puts a plumb-bob in their hands to lug around all day. Pledges to Catalyst, chemical engineering honorary, can be seen carrying bottles of one-tenth normal potassium dichromate solution. The boys seem to enjoy their little tasks, though. —H-H— We met a girl the other day who told us she thought ours was one of the keenest colums she had ever read. She seemed pretty sincere, so we started to thank her; but found to our surprise that we had been talking into a mirror. Anyhow, we would like to know just what you think of this column, and about any items which you think should be omitted or included. Send your comments, pro and con, signed or unsigned, to us right away! —H-H— WRH and the Cary Hall lads have a new idea for get-togethers which they are putting into use this year. For the past two weeks on Tuesday nights the boys have been coming over to one ol the WRHs and leceiving dancing instmctions along with some of the fieshmen giils. Miss Helen Knight, physical education instructor, is teaching the vaiious couples the fundamentals of ballroom dancing. Co-eds aie not required to attend these dance sessions. They are held only loi those interested. Miss Knight also instructs the PIA dance class.
By W. K. Sharpies I pulled myself up to my full height and assumed a stern counte- ' nance. I told myself that I must impress him with my importance. He pushed open the swinging door to the side entrance of the Union and sauntered slowly down the corridor in my direction. As he came abreast of me I caught him by the arm. “Pardon me,” I said, “but may I speak to you for a few minutes?” Dazed, the freshman pulled off his pot and stammered “Y-y-y-es, I guess so,” so I led him into the lounge, where we sank down into a sofa. The brief explanation that I wanted to interview a typical freshman removed the bewildered look from his face. We lit up cigarettes, and I began. “How do you like Purdue?” “Oh, just fine.” Hmm, I had expected a little more response than thatj even from a freshman. “How do you like your teachers ?” “Fine.” “And your studies ?” “Fine.” Suddenly I felt that I should make
Bureau Plans To Present Pearce Discusses
Pidure Showing Views Of All Campus Adivities A movie presenting a complete and concise cross section view of all campus activities is now being prepared by the Activities Bureau. The picture will include the high spots of each activity throughout the school year. When the picture is completed it will be shown before the alumni clubs throughout the country. The picture will also be shown at high schools throughout the state of Indiana, and to the incoming freshman class in future years. This should prove a definite help in placing new men in the activities which are best suited to their tastes and talents since it will present a complete and accurate view of the important functions of the various activities throughout the year. All photographers who are interested in helping with the production of this picture are urged to attend the meeting this afternoon in loom A of the Union at 4 p. m. Personal equipment will not be necessary since all equipment for the movie will be furnished.
Student athletic boosters have .hastilydrawn up plans for a team sendoff from the Fieldhouse tomorrow night. Will you be there to do your bit ? —L. S. H.
It Happened One Day On The Campus—We Think IVs Fine
my interview more social than academic, so I changed the subject. “Have you pledged a fraternity ?” “Yes.” “How do you like it?” “Fine.” I jumped to the conclusion that it was a fine house; they had a fine bunch of boys, and fine meals were served there. “Have you been to any campus dances?” “Yes, a mixer.” “How did you like it?” “Fine,” we said in unison. Realizing that it was a battle of wits, I decided to deliver a telling blow. “How do you like the co-eds?” He hesitated, taking time to choose his words carefully. “Not so fine.” I was defeated. Lord knows I had tried, but the lucid freshman had won in a tight battle. I turned, a broken man, and said, “Well, I guess that’s all I wanted to ask you.” The freshman stood up, put on his pot, and said, “Fine.” I winced.
Well your waiting has been re..warded, and here we are again, all ready to amuse you at any cost! It seems some people just don’t have fun anymore! A dope jumped off the seventeenth story of a building last month. Thousands of people watched the episode; and when the sucker climaxed the episode by falling with a constant velocity of 32 feet per second, there wasn’t a single laugh in the mob. Anyway, we are happy. We distinctly heard John Purdue mutter “That’s another load off my chest” as the clock finished striking 12 last Saturday night. Just passing by, of course!
MARY K. MILLER, the little frosh gal who cooperated (?) so well in getting her Military Ball ticket (see yesterday’s Exponent) was overheard saying that she can really get around. Can you really, Mary? Better be looked into.
Three short weeks ago there were no DU pins out on the campus. Then Chi 0 FISHLEIGH took a DU pin last week. At 12:30 Sunday noon the second DU pin was put out. It belonged to MORRIS ERICKSON and was given to Pedalion NINA DEWITT. The latter was for two years the proud possessor of an Acacia pin. How time does change stuff!
DAFFY DEFINITIONS: A Co-ed: “Anything that bulges and wears lipstick.” Purdue Co-ed: “Anything that bulges.” And a killer-diller which describes a pin as “A token of appreciation.”
Humpety Dumpty sat on the wall. I guess there were no chairs, don’t you?
TOUCHING ! ! She: “Gee! You sure have been around.” He: “Yeah. Do you mind if I go around again?”
Two high school girls went to a swing session at the Delt house on Monday night. Unusual news, but true! It seems the girls were caught playing Hallowe’en pranks at the fraternity house where they were
Scholarships For Engineering Co-eds Possibility of the establishment of engineering scholarships for women were discussed last night by Helen Pearce, international president of Zonta, executive women’s organization, at an informal reception given by Mortar Board in the women’s lounge. Co-ed engineering students were invited to the impromptu reception to discuss the problems from the student angle mf such scholarships which are to be in memory of Amelia Earhart, who was an active member of the organization. About a dozen engineering co-eds entered into a discussion of amount and requirements of such scholarship, whether it should be a gift or loan, should it be restricted to aeronautical engineers, and whether there are prejudices on the part of student and faculty toward girls. Dean A. A. Potter, Prof. K. D. Wood, Dean R. G. Dukes, Miss Ruth Houghton, Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, Miss Helen B. Schleman, and Miss Clare Coolidge served to introduce the girls to Miss Pearce.
Fr^e Estimates
Phone 7044
LLOYD WIDENED FURNACE AND PLUMBING EQUIPMENT Sunbeam Air Conditioning It Pleases Us to Please You. 115 EAST STATE West Lafayette
ARC
Last Times Todayic JOAH^ _ MEIVYH MIDELL-DOUGLAS
—Also— ‘Flash Gordon’s Trip to Mars”
Thurs., Thru Sat. CRASHING HOLLYWOOD
RANGERS ROUNDUP
ZORRO RIDES AGAIN
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“Sam has the best luck when he accidentally discharges his gun!”
adequately punished. Later the little gals were allowed to lick the soap from the windows. FAMOUS LAST Bit of Observation. “The pledges have learned that it is better to give than in' loan, and it really costs about the same.”
WBAA
—Today— 11:00—Prof. Robert Phillips, American Institutions. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts. 12:15—Sports Review, by Dick Shively. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Wanita Wilson, soprano. 1:00—Meditations, Rev. G. P. Burdon. 1:15—Monitor Views the Neyvs. 1:30—Story Time.
1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—Afternoon Musicale. 2:30—Indianapalis Symphony Orchestra Talk, Mrs. A. P. Stewart . 2:45—Hymn Echoes, Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 3:00—Concert Review. 4:00—Contract Bridge Chats with Julius Born. 4:15—Dick Curtner, pianist. 4:30—Purdue Round Table. 4:46—Story Book Hour.
Gifts to the University of Chicago during the nine years in which Dr. Robert M. Hutchins has been its president total $52,000,000.
Third largest library in the U. S. Harvard College’s Widener library, contains 1,750,000 volumes.
LUISA — LAST DAY— GEORGE RAFT SYLVIA SIDNEY — in — "YOU AND ME" — and — DANIELLE DARRIEUX DOUGLAS FAIRBANKS, jR. — in — "The Rage of Paris" Tomor row-F r i .-Saf. WILLIAM BOYD —•in — "IN OLD MEXICO" — and — “GIRLS ON PROBATION"
—TODAY— Double Feature
JADGE EVATTS wCastofY PRESTON FOSTER^ Hundtads./ — PLUS — "MISSING WITNESSES" — with — JOHN LITEL — DICK PURCELL
Starts Thursday Double Feature Three Gold Diggers Out for a Little Quick Silver! "THREE BROADWAY GIRLS" — with — JOAN BLONDELL INA CLAIRE — MADGE EVANS — PLUS — "THE CRIME OF DR. HALLET" — with — RALPH BELLAMY — JOHN KING
— LAST DAY-
liCMT TIE IT mmi MAN tlONIt JAMIt IDWAIO BMMORE-STUW-AliNOUl
—Tomorrow-Fri.— MARY CARLISLE JOHN HOWARD — in — 'Touchdown Army'
TYRONE
LORETTA YOONG A N N A B E LL A
S NOW PLAYING MRIKSTUI
Wednesday. November 1.1938
THE PUBDUE
EXPONENT
Elward Lays Stress On Fundamentals As Squad Prepares For Ohio State Tilt Disappointed in the Boilermakers’ showing against Iowa Saturday, Coach Mai Elward began drilling the varsity squad in some of the fundamentals of blocking and charging last night in preparation for this Saturday’s invasion of the Buckeye camp at Columbus. Pictures of the Iowa game were shown to the team Monday night and each player had pointed out to him every mistake he had made. It was through these pictures that Mai realized the necessity of getting down to the basic points of football in this week’s practices.
Last night’s practice session was
sparked by the individual efforts of three boys from Ohio who are fighting hard to earn positions on the squad for the Buckeye game. Augie Morningstar, first reserve center, and Mike Byelene, ace aerial tosser, both hail from Massillon, in the steel district of eastern Ohio. Augie and Mike have both clinched berths on the traveling squad through their play so far this season, but they were both out there fighting last night in an attempt to break into the starting lineup. Right Tackle Contest Dick Johnson, junior guard, comes from Barberton, Ohio. Dick seems to be giving Timperman, who started the Hawkeye game at right tackle, a real battle for that post in Saturday’s game. Little or no bad outward injuries seem to have developed from the Iowa game and if the Boilermakers can overcome that letdown influence which was so evident at Iowa City, Ohio State had better look to its laurels. The Boilermakers are still a great defensive team, however tempermental their offense may be. Most evident of the bruises that were received in the Iowa clash is
the “Mihalish” black eye that Whitey Johnson now sports. When Joe and Whitey team up at left tackle and guard, the effect is startling to say the least. One might call
them the “black eye” twins. Since the Buckeye’s offensive set-
up is very much like that used by the Pordham Rams, the Boilermakers are already well versed in the style of defense they -will need to stop the Bucks. Last night in scrimmage with the freshmen, who opposed the varsity with Pordham plays three weeks ago, the Purdue squad showed that it still remembers how to break up the Buckeye style of offense by stopping the frosh cold in almost every orte of
their repertoire of Ohio plays. In the 1938 version of the Boiler-
makers’ rivalry with the Bucks, the Purdue squad will be fighting to score its first point against an Ohio State team. In the six games which the Boilermakers and Bucks have played, Purdue has not been able to fill the scoring column with even one point against Ohio State. In this seventh game the Boilermakers will have the best chance to spoil the Buckeye’s fine defensive record.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory • Bookstores j • Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. RUSHER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER . This is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.DS. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. ROBERT G. RISK—D.O.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S Schultz Building 4th and Main Phone 5701
• Florists
for distinctive corsages ROTH FLORIST Phone 7955—8050 635 main street
• Tailor
snarrendahl — tailor For Latest Student Styles 4th and Ferry Phone 6030
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Locksmith
• Dine
Try SMITTY'S COACH for Food that really satisfys Our prices are always right. 331 Northwestern Ave.
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings^ Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Fraternity Frosh Meet In Cross Country Meet Today
+l»ldcr*t.... * ....choic*
By Bob McDonald Too many people have been asking “What was wrong with Purdue at Iowa last Saturday” . . . either the students have lost faith in their team, or the radio speakers filtered out the real truth of the game . . . let it be understood now that there Was nothing wrong with Purdue . . . the Boilermaker fought just as hard as they have all season . . . they wanted to win just as badly — there was nothing fundamentally wrong with the team. —^fc— What did happen was this ... the Iowa team had been unsuccessful all season . . . the Iowa student paper attempting to “cash in” on the general feeling of dissatisfaction which prevailed on the campus, had printed some very unfavorable reports of the team working in practice . . . the Iowa coaches quietly requested the editor and the sports editor of the paper to leave practice and not come back . . . they in turn sent the society editor of the paper, a co-ed, to cover the nightly practice session . . . her story next day, attempting humor, described the players in a ridiculous fashion . . . the conflict became known nationally and was even dramatized over the “March of Time” radio program. —^fc— The Iowa team, bitter over all this unfavorable comment and aroused by statements that “they weren’t trying to win,” determined to show they could play football and that there was still plenty of fight left in them ... it just so happened that Purdue was the team there at the time ... the Iowa team played inspired ball . . . better ball than they have played all season or
C. C. Peterson... . . . President of the National ^Billiard Association and champion fancy shot artist, will give an exhibition of billiards and pocket billiards in the Union cue room on Monday and Tuesday of next week. Between exhibitions, Peterson has kindly offered to give instructions in both billiards and pocket billiards. All those interested in these lessons are asked \by F. E. Whitney, head of the billiard room, to sign up with him, designating free hours between 10 and 4 both days. These classes are free and will probably last about one-half hour. will play the rest of the season . .. —^fc— More fortunate than most Big Ten teams, the Boilermakers have never lacked for student backing . . Purdue men have always stood behind their team, win, lose, or draw ... no better proof of this can be had than the enthusiastic reception which was accorded the team when they returned to the field for the second half of the Wisconsin contest. —^fc— The Purdue squad wanted to beat Iowa . . . not a single member of the squad was satisfied with the 0-0 score . . . they are even more determined to break their “jinx” with Ohio State ... no Boilermaker team has ever beaten or scored upon the Buckeyes at Columbus . . . this is the year to break it though, they say. —^fc— And if pep, enthusiasm, drive, hard work, fight, and determination means anything at all in a football game, they will do just that . . . but there is one thing which they must know ... one thing which will make them pick themselves up from the field,‘tired and bruised, and go back for more . . . and that is the knowledge that win or lose Purdue men are back of them to the end.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side of Square SHEAFFER. PABKER PENS AND PENCILS
—12 months a Best Seller at $2.fo —the year's most-talked-oj novel 1 —the book you ought to own.
On sale today! ppli^ First come, first served! TdepiMMie your order!
DECKER'S 518-520 Main St. Phone 6477
this way for the - - - EXPLOSION
If you like scandal and dirf, or dirt and scan1 dal, you'll find it in the POODOO EXPLOSION now on sale at Southworth's, Deac's, and the Union desk. Have you bought your
copy
7 77
Victorious Fraternity Team Will Be Awarded Trophy Fraternity freshmen will compete in the last intramural cross country meet of the year this evening at 4:15 on intramural field. The house entering the winning team will receive a trophy for its efforts.
Each house is allowed to enter a team of four men, the first three to finish counting on the final scoring. In addition to winning the trophy the winning house will get five extra participation points. The second place team will be given three extra participation iioints, and the third place team will get one extra participation point. Last year’s race was won by Phi Kappa Psi, M. L. Clevett, Jr., with a time of 13 minutes and 28 seconds, despite a driving snowstorm. This year, although weather conditions give signs of being better than that it seems unlikely that it will be run in a better time. Each house which finishes three men in the run will receive 25 participation points. Entries will be given their numbers at the sputh entrance to the Fieldhouse at 4 o’clock, and the race will begin at 4:15 near the Fourth street entrance to intramural field. Ph\ Belts Annex Third Straight Greek Golf Title Phi Delta Theta, led by Lennis Murphy, who scored three points, won its third straight annual interfraternity golf championship, defeating Kappa Delta Rho, 5-4 last Saturday. A cup will be awarded the winning fraternity, while each of the three members of the team receive medals. Although Kappa Delta Rho came out on the short end of the final score, two of the three members of its team outscored their Phi Delta Theta opponents. Tom Hutchinson defeated F. T. Tully 2-1, while Ralph Hill outpointed T. K. Dickinson by the same score. George Peck, Kappa Delta Rho, was the victim in Murphy’s 3-0 victory. Two Local Women Address YWCA'21'Club On Voting Procedure, Nominees Mrs. Shambaugh, president of Lafayette’s League of Women Voters, and Mrs. Charles Q. Erisman, a representative of the organization, were guest speakers at the meeting of the YWCA “21” Club held in the women’s lounge of the Union yesterday at 4:15 p. m. Voting procedures, state and local nominees, and new laws and amendments were discussed in the general roun(^ table meeting. An unofficial ballot is posted on the bulletin board in the YWCA office, and any co-ed interested in this year’s election may examine it.
Intramural Notices
BIG TEN BANDWAGON
ALL CAMPUS BADMINTON Today R P Breen vs. S. Murphy. C Stanford vs. S. G. Kona. R. Hargesheimer vs. J. T. Agnew. M. E Murphy vs. A. Cohen. G Roche vs. R W. Berry. H. Williams vs. H. Glazar.
TOUCHBALL Today Field Official 2—Luma vs. Kagawa Berry 4—Rochdale vs. Marwood. Luce B—Caiy Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 3. Evers 6— Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 9 Fishel 7— Caiy Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 4 Smithson 8— Caiy Hall 5 vs. Cary Hall 8 Weijola 9— Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 10 Lamoureaux
IMPORTANT TOUCHBALL RULES Rule 2, Section L: Kick-off Kick is a term used to designate the opening play at the first half. The kick-off must go past mid-field, or be kicked over. Kick-offs are free balls and may be covered by either team. No kick-off at the half Rule 6, Section 6 ■ Advancing ball on receiving kick-off On the kick-off the ball when caught or lecovered may be advancetl by running, or kicking, or passing sideward, or backward, or any combination of these. On succeeding plays the offense may lun, pass or punt Rule 6, Section 9 Ball Fumbled in Snapping it Back If the receiver of the ball iiom center fumbles it, the ball becomes dead, with loss of the down Any other fumble IS a free ball Rule 6. Section 11 Incomplete pass (d) Lateral is same as incomple^ pass. Dead from point thrown
Illinois -will be the only idle Big Ten team this week-end as there are three conference games and three teams playing outside the conference. The mini, resting up from their strenuous tilt at Ann Arbor last Saturday, are thinking about Ohio State, and will be ready to meet the Buckeyes after the PurdueOhio State game at Columbus this week. —BTB— Tubbs expects his Hawkeyes to be in the best shape they have been in all season when they travel to Minneapolis to meet the, Gophers, who are ready for anything from Iowa. Sheldon Beise, former Minnesota fullback, returned to Northrup Field after scouting the BoilermakerHawkeye tilt with the report that the lowans have the best defense that he has seen all year, so Bemie Bierman saved tke motion pictures of the Wildcat game and ran his charges through a regular mid-week scrimmage session Monday. —B'TB— Coach Lyn Waldorf warned his Wildcats that the Wisconsin Badgers are in a “good psychological spot to score an upset” after rebounding from the loss to Purdue with their 6-0 triumph over the Hoosiers. Reports on the Badgers as offered by Jack Ryan, Sr., father of the Northwestern halfback, indicate that he considers the Badger fullback, Weiss, the best in the Big Ten. —BTB— Vince Gavre, quarterback, will act as captain for the Badgers when they meet Northwestern at Dyche Stadium Saturday. Good news for Badger fans was received in the announcement that Bill Schmitz, junior halfback, and last year’s star ball carrier, will be back at his starting post for the first time since the Pittsburgh game. It was in that game that Schmitz wrenched his shoulder. Ray Beilin, who caused the Boilermakers a lot of trouble with his passes, ball carr3nng, and long punts two weeks ago, will move to right half, giving the Badgers the strongest combination that they have had. —BTB— Chicago, Indiana, and Michigan desert the list of Big Ten games to play important intersectional tilts with eastern elevens. Michigan, already victorious over Yale, will be host to Pennsylvania. The Wolverines may lose center Kodros, who received a rib injury i nthe Illinois game last week. Soph star Tom Harmon, also hurt in that game, will be in good shape, however. 1 —BTB— For the fifth time this season. Bo McMillin’s Hoosiers will be striving for their initial triumph. It is certain that John Nicholson, Indiana’s best forward passer, will not be able to play against Boston College Saturday. The Eagles have piled up an impressive record this year, with the Detroit Titans included in their list of victims. —BTB— In the other intersectional game Chicago will plqy at Cambridge, Mass. Each team won its first game last Saturday, Chicago licking DePauw 34-14, and Harvard trouncing Piinceton, 26-7. The Crimson of Harvard will be the favorites, but the Maroon passing attack has been showing steady improvement. Prof, F, Serviss., ... of the chemical engineering school remained away from his office yesterday and will be absent again this morning because of a severe cold. Professor Serviss and metallurgy instructor E. C. Miller, plan to drive to Chicago this afternoon, where they will attend the Chicago chapter meeting of the American Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engineers.* J' .‘ '''‘'jJ?
THE PUm>inE EXPONENT
TUAksA.
Wednesday, Noyembor 2,1933
Band Perfects New
Gridiron Maneuvers
Heflin Presides At Final Parents'
For Saturday's Game Institute Session
team; Thursday, l^ovember S, freshtitan A team vs. freshman B team. All girls on these teams are urged to be present. ■SCHAFFER.
Experienced Photographers: Will photographers interested in production of the Activities Bureau movie please come to room A of the Union at 4 p. m. today, November 2. All equipment will be furnished. —LUTZ.
Purdue Engineer: The following men report to Catterall at the Engineer office today, November 2, at 4 p. m.,: WinSlow, Worthington, Packman, Day, Horth, Anderson, Denlinger, and Johnson. —SQUIRES.
garet Wirt, Metzger, McFarlahd, Murphy, Wood, Blagrabe, Ward, Rubreight, Handson, Fitch, Kennedy. Freshman B sgnad: Mary Wirt, Kling, Grahain, Cpx,. Ii^jste, McMullen, Smith, Halstead, Todd, Idill^, McCullock. —SHAFFER.
With an entirely new set of gridiron maneuvers, the 130-piece Military Band will leave on a special train for the Purdue-Ohio State football battle at Columbus, at 5 a. m. Saturday morning. Since the Wisconsin game, the Purdue- “All- American” bandsmen have - busied themselves perfecting the new formation for presentation to the Buckeye fans between halves. The first variation in the maneuver springs from the former football design. The three separate bands first form a large HI, and then add an 0 to each end to form OHIO, after whicb the O’s are made to rotate to the strz^s of the Ohio alma mater song. Playing “The Honor of Old Purdue,” the band then shifts into the giant football and P monogram for a brief instant before the individual bands reform in the middle of the field to play the symphonic Entree, one of Professor Emrick’s own compositions. The band then forms the mammoth “P” which rotates to the chorus of “Hail Purdue.” After the game, the band will spend a few hours in one of the downtown Columbus hotels before boarding their special to return to Lafayette the same night. A banquet will/highlight their evening’s program in Columbus, together with the meeting of several Purdue alumni groups from central Ohio.
Hoof And HornCiyb
Will Hear Prof, King Speak On Exposition
Prof. Frank King, head of the University animal husbandry department, will be the main speaker at the meeting of the Hoof and Horn Club in Ag Hall at 7:30 tonight. Prof. King will discuss the importance of the International Livestock Exposition to Indiana farmers and to Purdue University. Club President Bogue also stated that plans for the annual Little International Livestock Show to be held here at the University November 16, will be discussed. The Little International is . an activity of the club, working in coopex'ation with the animal husbandry depart.ment. Any student interested in animal husbandry may attend the meeting and participate in the activities of the club.
The meeting will be held in room 118 and refreshments will be served.
Stamp Club Will View
Color Slides Tonight
Meeting tonight at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union, the Lafayette Philatelic Society will show color projections of recent stamp issues. The object is to study secret marks, plate varieties, and other minute differences by observing the enlarged projections. Robert Brown a local postal employee, will give a short explanation of each stamp shown.
BIG TEN Northwestern .... Ohio State Minnesota Michigan Wisconsin PURDUE Iowa Illinois Indiana Chicago
STANDING
1 19
...2 . 2 . 2 . 2 . 2
1
. 1 .1
0
. 0
1 48 7 0 17 12 0 65 14 0 44 26 1 13 14 1 40 45 0 12 29 0 2 24 0 28 114
Yale University’s “community chest” has raised more than $350,000 in 16 years.
Hunter College in New York City is the largest women’s college in the world.
Iowa State College scientists have devised a new method for making roquefort cheese, said to be the first commercial process devised for producing the product in the U. S.
Colby College is constructing the first functionally-planned college campus in this country.
Presiding over today’s sessions at the annual Parents’ Institute will be C. C. Heflin, of Kokomo. The sessions of the institute began yesterday and will be resumed at 8:30 a. m. today in the Home Economics Building, continuing until adjournment at 4 p. m. “The State Safety Program” and “Recreation for the Family” will be the topics of J. L. Lingo, public safety specialist, and F. L. McReynolds, supervisor in recreational work at the University, respectively. Morning Discussion Topics for the morning round table discussions are “Psychology of the Adolescent,” “Education for Marriage in the Home, High School, and College,” and “The Parents’ Library.” Dr. John M. Dorsey, of the Neuropsychiatric Hospital at the University of Michigan, will open the afternoon session at 1:30 by speaking on “Intelligent Home Living,” and at 3:15 o’clock Dean Mary L. Matthews will give the final talk, “A Parent^ Pai’t in the Modern World.”
LOST AND FOUND
Alpha Zeta Pledgres: There will be a short meeting in room C at 7 p. m. today, November 2. Please be prompt. —STONAKER.
Men's Bowling Tournament: Uames scheduled for Thursday; November 8, will be postponed until next week because of the inspection trip. —WILLIAMSON.
Cosmopolitan Club:_Meettng, 19^edngiday,
November 2, in room B of the Union ing at .7:80 p. m. All pledges bring in
globes.
—AYASUN.
LOST in ladies’ room of library, a 1986 Weequahic High School ring initialed L. F. G. Please call Greenberg 66612.' Reward.
Union' Sophomore Workers: Will my committee please report to workshop at 4 p. m.
today, November 2.
-HRUBY.
Delta Rho Kappa: Short pledge meeting in Union lobby at 6 p. m, today, November 2. . —HANNAS. Playshop Party: Postponed from Thursday, November 8, indefinitely. —HETTEMA.
Exponent Circulation Staff: Important meeting Wednesday, November 2, at 7 p. m. in room F of the Union. It is imperative' that all freshmen be there. —BERG.
FOR SALE
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 686 Main street.
Activities Sophomores: There will be a meeting of the following committee at 4 p; m. today, November 2, in room F of the Union: Bass, Burkhardt, Edwards, Gluck, Hoover, Lemon, Moore, Rehm, Shaw, 'Wilson, Andrews, and Wilson. —HRUBY.
Purdue Plying Club: Important meeting Thursday, November 3, at 7 p. m. in room F of the Union. The activities committee has an announcement to make. New members be sure to bring your propellers fully autographed. —CHEVEDDEN.
NYA Workers: Checks for periods ending October 16 are now available at cashiers office in the Executive Building. (11-6) —HOLLENSBE.
FOR SALE—1929 LaSalle coupe, condition. Cheap. Call 2680.
Good
Union Sophomore Workers: Our committees report to Union Office at 4 p. m. today, November 2. —CHEPPS. COOPER.
MISCELLANEOUS
Purdue Peace Committee: Members are asked to attend a short meeting Thursday, November 3, at 8:16 p. m. in room A of Union. Banquet details will be completed. —CULP.
Gold Peppers: Compulsory meeting Thursday, November 8, at 6 p. m. in rooni 1 and 2 of the Union Building. All chrysanthemum sales mdney must be turned in. —COOLEY.
WANTED—“Keen’: girl for military ball. Underclassman preferred. Must be good dancer. Call Bob Bosart, 2712 for mutual “once-over.”
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting in office at 7:46 p. m. today, November 2. —LEANING.
WANTED TO BUY used tuxedo, size 40. Write box 496, Lafayette, Ind.
Playshop: Junior and senior members of Players meet in Fowler Hall at 7 :30 p. m, tonight, November 2, for short but important meeting. Staff positions for Dracula will, be selected from those petitioning. —WILLIAMS.
PIA Dance Class: Regular lesson will be held today, November 2, at 7 p. m. in the Women’s Gym on the main floor. —HEINE.
Howitzer Squad Executives: Important meeting of all juniors who subnriitt^ llste of squads for entry in this competition in' room 202, armory, at 4 p. m., Thursday, November 8, —FAULCONBR,
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting today, November 2, at 7:30 p. m. in room 2 of the Union. All members be present. —WADLEIGN.
G. E. 128: Wednesday, November 2, 7 a, m. for students not on inspection trip, will meet in laboratory at 10 a. m., Wednesday, November 2. —ROGERS.
ROOMS FOR RENT
FOR RENT—Room either single or double. Continuous hot water. Close to campus. Reasonable. Phone 76252.
WSGA Sophomore Training School: Thursday section please meet today, November 2, at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge. -LEANING.
Riflery Practice: Today, November 2, 6 :16, Ward 3 ; 7, Kappa ; 7 :46, Make-up ; 8:30, Pi Phi. —SMITH.
MT Sophomores: Those interested in forming a howitzer squad call Bob 'Viehe at 6071 - before noon Wednesday, November 2. * ^VIEHE.
FOR RENT—Furnished front room for employed lady. All conveniences. No smoker. Phone 61333.
Fraternity Debate Managers: Important meeting in room 301 of University Hall at 7 :30 p. m. Thursday, November 3. Proposition for debate will be chosen. —CARR.
Ward Organization Chairmen: Report organization results to me by Wednesday, November 2. Phone 76742. —SHELLHAMER.
WAA Hockey: Schedule for games: Tuesday, November 1, Juniors vs. freshman A team. Wednesday, November 2, sophomores vs. freshman B team. —SHAFFER.
Lawshe To Address
Co-ed Forensic Managers: Important meeting Thursday, November 3, at 5 p. m. in room 308 of University Hail. —DEMORET.
WAA Class Hockey: Wednesday, November 2, Frosh A vs. Juniors; Thursday, November 3, Frosh A vs. Frosh B; Friday, November 4, Junior vs. Seniors. All games are at 4 p. m. Freshman A squad is: Mar-
WAA Members: Those who have received numerals for class teams before chenille letters were adopted may exchange them by purchasing chenille numerals, if they wish. Call 41863 before Friday, November 4. —PETERSON.
Wisconsin Teachers
Lutheran Student Association: Meeting in room C of the Union today, November 2, at 4 ;30 p. m. —GRANNON.
See our Shoe Doctor!
C. H. Lawshe, assistant in the division of education and applied psychology, will speak Friday, before the journalism section of the Wisconsin State Teachers’ Association at Milwaukee, Wis. His subject will be “Publishing a Successful High School Newspaper.” Mr. Lawshe is well qualified to speak on this topic, as he was formerly the journalism adViser at Bosse High School, Evansville, and is co-author of a book on high school journalism to be published soon.
Open Swim: For all faculty and clerical staff women and co-eds, Thursday, November 3, 7 :30-9.00 p. m. in the women’s pool. —YEAGER.
Union Sophomores: Will my committee please meet in the workshop today and tomorrow, November 2 and 3, at 4 p. m. —MORRISON.
WAA Hockey; Schedule of games: Today, November 2, sophomores vs. freshman A
aunc)^^
The Rockefeller Foundation has made a grant of $.18,000,000 to American University to bring government employees of Latin-American republics to U. S. for study of our government.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY
511 Ferry Street
Phone 7828
All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
Phone
He can put New Life in your Old Shoes. AND—-it’s economy not to wait too long!
WEST LAEMETIE OFFICE-132 VSl ST.
. . . how fast that says it for smokers... refreshing mildness ... better taste ... more pleasing aroma ...
everything you could ask for in a cigarette ''~-
Paul Whiteman Every Wednesday, Evening George Gracie Burns Allen Every Friday Evening AH C, B. S. Stations
Eddie Dooley Football Highlights Every Thursday and Saturday S2 Leading N. B. C. Stations
Copyright 1938, Liggbtt & Mybrs Tobacco Co.
.. more pleasure Jor millions