AWj
Purdue
Z-185
Exponent
WEDNESDAY
April 26, 1939
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 166
Speech School Picks Five ^°"^.P,ird„e Baseball Team Faces To Talk At Con VO Tonight IF IS South Bend Today
Contestant's Will Discuss Various Business Projects Five Speech. 14 students w^re selected last night to compete in tonight’s speech conVocation at 7:15 in Eliza Fowler Hall. Eliminations were held yesterday in University
Hall.
These five were chosen from over 700 students taking the course. One person was selected to represent each one of the 30 classes. In the first elimination contest all but 12 were eliminated, and after the second round only five remained. Bill Adams, A. J. Dillon, L. D. Eichardson, D. E. Salmond, and E. J. Todd were chosen to speak tonight. All will speak on the general subject of business proj'ects. Adams will talk on “Better Eadio Advertising;” Dillon will speak on “Highway Construction;” Eichardson will speak on “Advertising for Dairy Co-ops;” Salmond will attempt to convince the audience that his ideas on “Factory Eearrangement” should be put into effect; and Todd will speak on “Economy and Efficiency in Eoads.” This speech convocation is held each semester, principally for the benefit of speech 14 students, to give them experience in choosing the good and bad qualities of each speaker. The audience is not limited to these students, however, and anyone interested may attend. Informal Theme Will Be Stressed
Annual Convention Of AIEE Scheduled Saturday, April 29 The annual tri-school AIEE convention will be held here Saturday, April 29. The three schools represented at the convention will be the University of Illinois, Eose Polytechnic Institute, and Purdue. The annual meetings have been rotated among the three schools for the
last three years.
Dr. Harding, head of the electrical engineering school will give a welcoming address, which will be followed with papers presented by student representatives of the three
schools.
Prof. A. H. Lovell, vice-chauman of the fifth district of the AIEE, will give an address at a luncheon given in the Union ballroom. Lovell is professor of electrical engineering at the University of Michigan. Tickets for the luncheon can be obtained from student officers of the local chapter of the AIEE. They are selling at 65 cents each. In the afternoon there will be lectures on television and the tesla coil. There will also be an inspection of the television station behind the Stadium. Pi Tau Sigma, ME Honorary, Initiates 20 New Members
At Gingham Gallop At Banquet Last Night
Gingham umbrellas and animals on a backdrop of blue will carry out the theme of informality at the Mortar Board’s Gingham Gallop Friday night fiom 9 to 12 in the ballroom. These decoratiton plans were announced last night. Short cotton dresses will be worn by coeds at this dance which is the last open co-ed bid affair of the year. Tickets are now available at the price of one dollar at all sorority houses, Deac’s, the Memorial Union desk, and from the members of Mortar Board. Members of Mortar Board are: Martha Wood, president, M. A. Learning, Georgianna Huber, Virginia Laramore, Betty Jo Sexton, Betty Klein, Georgianna Pittman, Sally McKee, Mary Wein, and Mary Cooley. Hoof And Horn... .. . will meet tomoi-row at 7:30 in Agricultural Hall. Harold Schofield, a noted horseman at the Purdue farms, will speak. His subj'ect will be “The Husbanding of Live Stock.” Schofield is a native of England. Eefreshments will be served after the meeting is over.
Members of Pi Tau Sigma, mechanical engineering honorary, held their formal initiation banquet last evening at Lincoln Lodge. Twenty undergraduates and two honorary members were initiated. Undergraduate initiates were C. J. Ancker, A. S. Boksenbam, C. E. Brown, O. Duckworth, J. G. Eilering, V. N. Forsgren, W. M. Gibbs, W. A. Hart, T. P. Heckman, H. G. Kolb, L. L. Lyles, C. G. Moller, E. H. Momnger, G. Palikucha, A. V. Pustello, C. A. Easmussen, C. A. Eossman, H. E. Schooley, C. F. Sopcak, and F. W. Wanzenberg. Honorary initiates were W. E. Johnson of Fort Wayne, and Professor K. D. Wood, of the mechanical engineering school. Professor D. L. Arm spoke on “How To Succeed in Business.” Professor G. A. Young, head of the ME school, made closing remarks. E. M. Sasser, vice-president, acted as toastmaster, with W. H. Smith welcoming new initiates, and the response being made by C. A. Easmussen. Each senior leceived a Pi Tau Sigma plaque. Plaques were given by piesident D. C. Harvey.
S. D. Kirkpatrick, editor-in-chief of the McGraw-Hill Publishing Co., who will explain the Chemical and Metallurgical Award given to companies making progress in safety and manufacturing methods during the year, before the AIChE meeting tonight at 7 in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. Kirkpatrick has served in various capacities for many companies, including the Ethyl Gasoline Corporation, and advisor with the U. S. Tariff Commission. 7 Indiana Schools Meet Saturday For Dance Symposiuna Modern dance groups from Indiana University, Indiana State Teacheis, Ball State Teachers, DePauw, Hanover, Butler, and Purdue will assemble on the campus Saturday, Apiil 29, for the annual Indiana State Dance Symposium. This will be the first dance symposium held heie. Last year Indiana State Teachers played host to the danceis. Leah Lucatsky, a modern concert dancer fiom Chicago, will dance for part of the program scheduled for 2 30 in the afternoon at Eliza Fowler Hall She will do a waltz in modern style, a negro spiritual interpretation, and a jazz interpretation to music by Gershwin. The dances for the first half of the program will be contributed by seveial of the colleges. WAA is sponsoring the symposium and invites anyone interested to attend. The program for the symposium wilUbe: 9:30—Eegistration. 10:00—Lesson in technique. 11:00—Directed composition. 12:30—Luncheon at WEH. 2:30—Eecital at Eliza Fowler Hall.
Andy Hanson... . . . from Champaign, 111., will play at the regular dollar mixer Saturday, April 29. Most of Hanson’s band is made up of students at the University of Illinois. Last year Hanson had the contract to play every Friday and Saturday night in Bradley Hall, which is similar to the Puidue Union.
By Joe Belden, Editor I Student Opinion Surveys America AUSTIN, Tex., April 26.—There aie some six million young people ^ who within the next six weeks to several years will leave college with a pessimistic outlook on their own Y futures. Almost one-half of the men and women in colleges and universities I in this country believe they are facing a world that offers less oppoitunities for success than it did , befoie the time they were born. ' These are the results of a poll just condqcted nationally by the Student ^ Opinmn Surveys of America, the weel^y sounding board of college youth. ^ A scientifically defined cross section of students was asked, “Do you think the opportunities for most young men and women to get ahead
today are as goodjs they may have been 30 years ago?”^ The economic problem of youth is no myth to 48 per cent of the collegians, while the rest of them, 52 per cent, have an optimistic view of the world into which they are going. Base Answers On Past Although very few college students today have a personal knowledge of conditions three decades ago their answers appear to be based on what they can see now and what they have learmed about the past. A slight majority is convinced that opportunities have been increasing, like the Pennsylvania student who points to the greater number of occupations which now exist. On the other hand, another student in the same state in Temple University, answers negatively, stating that the
All Speech Activities Will Gather May 18
For Annual Banquet stage, stump, and studio, the three divisions of Purdue’s speech activities program, will combine for their annual banquet on Thursday, May 18, at Lincoln Lodge. Pun, not formality, will be the keynote of the evening. A speaker from off the campus is to be selected, and entertainment will be provided by representatives of Playshop, WBAA, and debating. Eecordings are planned for dancing. Attendance will be by invitation, and will include everyone who has been active in the University’s speech during the past year. This includes radio, Playshop, the Mikado cast, debating and other forensic work. About 150 attended the banquet last year. Awards will be presented to thpse who have done meritorious work in their activity. Pat Heine of Playshop is in charge. Assisting her are Betty Hiner of forensics, Harry Bichsel of WBAA, Bob Carr of forensics, and Myra McKee of Playshop.
Army Plane Forced Down Here Last Night A United States Army plane, piloted by Lieutenant Young, was forced down at the local airport last night at 8:40 p. m. due to a broken radio aerial. The plane, a Martin B-2, came from Langley Field, Va., and was headed for Chanute Field, HI. It left Langley Field at 5:50 p. m. and was forced down here after traveling approximately 550 miles in a little less than three hours. News of the landing soon attracted a large crowd who waited until the plane took off again at 9:48 p. m.
Collegians Think Future Pessimistic
numbei of youth has inci eased, thus reducing the number of available jobs. A Cornell senior believes thSt success is there for those with initiative, regardless of conditions. Southern Students Optimistic The growth of the use of machinery, the demand for more education, and government regulation of industry and employment are given as reasons for a decrease in opportunities to get ahead. The survey also shows that students in the southern and west central states are the most optimistic, while less than 50 per cent of those elsewhere believe their chances are better. The poll, of course, makes no attempt to analyze the situation, but it does definitely show the attitude of students on the question asked.
Battle For Sixth Victory Of Season Leading the Western Conference race with a perfect record, the Boilermaker baseball team will turn from Big Ten competition to the renewal of an intra-state rivalry as they face the Fightin’ Irish from Notre Dame at South Bend today.
The Purdue nine has only lost one game while winning five and tieing two in the eight games it has played this spring. The Boilermakers suffered their lone setback at the hands of Alabama’s Crimson Tide on the southern training trip. Today’s tilt will be the first of a home
series for the Irish.
Bailey to Start
In an effort to stay on the victory side of the diamond ledger. Coach Dutch Fehring intends to start Bob Bailey, sophomore hurling ace, against Notre Dame. In conference competition Bob has already'turned in two smooth three-hit perfoimances against Iowa and Chicago.
Starting Lineup
Felix Mackiewicz, who holds forth at the hot corner for the Boilermakers, will continue to bat in the cleanup position to give the Purdue team the scoring punch that will be needed to gain a decision over the Irish. Captain Jimmy Thompson will be stopping hot groundeis at the shortstop post; Sammy Lyboult, veteran infielder, will handle the double play balls at the keystone sack; and Smithson will be reaching for the rifle-like throws that are aimed at first base. Dean, Dickinson, and Stamm will probably be playing in the outfield Leave This Morning Nineteen members of the Boilermaker- diamond squad will leave here this morning at nine o’clock for South Bend, where the game is scheduled to get underway at 3 o’clock. They are: Bailey, Emmert, Navta, Wargo, and Warner, pitchers; Bredewater and Fisher, catchers; Smithson, Lyboult, Thompson, Mackiewicz, Danowski, and Igney, infielders; and Dean, Dickinson, Stamm, Yeager, Vernon, and Do-
herty, outfielders.
Co-ed Debaters Wiir Discuss Employment Question Tomorrow “Eesolved that the employment of married women should be discouraged,” will be the subject of a debate between University of Illinois and Purdue co-eds tomorrow night at 7:30 in Fowler Hall. This subject is the same one that was discussed last month at Evanston by co-eds from the Big Ten schools. “An attempt will be made by the speakers to answer the question, rather than out debate the other side,” said Mr. Winch of the speech department. Following the example set at Evanston, this debate will be presented in discussion style with a discussion following the
speeches.
Tomorrow night’s debate will be the last scheduled for this season. Members of the University of Hlinois team who will uphold the negative side of the question are Barbara Towne and Lois Eeisz, while Gene Pechin and Charlotte Finney of Purdue will present the negative side of the question. Both members of the Purdue team and Lois Eeisz of Illinois were selected as most capable in their respective groups at Evanston in the Big Ten meet. Purdue’s team members are both sophomores and have been in conference debates both years. Charlotte Finney was formerly a member of the West Side high school debate team and Gene Pechin took an active part in high school debate as a member of the Jeff debate team.
Newman Convention To Open Here Friday The Purdue Newman Club will act as hosts to all Newman clubs in the Ohio Valley Province at their 13th annual convention to be held at the University the week-end of April 28, 29, and 30. All sessions will be held in the Union Building. One of the highlights of the meeting will be a banquet Saturday evening at which the Most Eev. J. F. Noll, D. D. LLD., Bishop of Fort Wayne, Eev. Vincent Mooney, CSC National Director of the NCWC Youth Bureau, and Mai Elward, the head football coach at Purdue, will give short talks. Following the banquet a dance will be held at Lincoln Lodge. The Ohio Province includes Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky, Michigan, and Tennessee. Champion Steer To Go On Exhibit Today From 3 to 5 The International grand champion steer of 1938, Mercer, will be exhibited in the Purdue Livestock Judging Pavilion from 3 to 6 this afternoon, for the benefit of students and public. With Mercer, will be his raiser, Irene Brown, 4-H Club girl of Aledo, 111. After the show in which Mercer won the championship, he was auctioned off to the Fii*estone Tire and Eubber Company at $3.86 a pound or $3785.50.
Christian Foundation To Sponsor Skating Party Purdue Christian Foundation will sponsor a skating party at Maple Point Saturday night. Those who wish to attend will meet at the Christian Church at 9 p. m. Tickets may- be purchased from Pauline Guise, Elma Hollingsworth, Glen Boyd, and Henry Mangus for 25 cents.
Votinff.mi
... for the “Song of the Week” will begin today at 4 p. m. in front of the Sweet Shop entrance and will continue until 6 p. m. Last voting will be held tomorrow between 4 and 6 p. m. Favorite songs chosen by popular student voting will be played on an hour program over WKEC, Cincinnati. The program is between 6:30 and 7:30 a. m. on Monday, May 1.
They Say Sinbad Is Crazy-Eating Women’s Hats—Maybe It’s Hats
By Mary Kay Best What with all this talk of eds eating goldfish and even kissing them, the news that some Joe on a southern campus has taken to eating ladies’ hats comes as a pleasant surprise. It is an accepted fact that the hats of the fair damsels this spring would not only be highly indigestible, but unpleasant to the taste as well. Thus it was that copy rooms all over the country were in an uproar trying to get an interview with the said hat-eater. What Are They? When Sinbad (for that is his nanje) finally talked, this is the information he gave. Now, Sinbad is tall and skinny with an enonnous red nose. We do not know why his nose has assumed the pioportions of a scarlet banner, but we do know that red was not its original color. At any rate, Sinbad said: “I was walking down Main street when suddenly I saw a window full of queer objects decorated with feathers, flowers, birds, bees, and what
not. At first I thought they were cream puffs, or maybe wedding cake. I continued to stare at them, fascinated by the bright color'Bnd funny shapes. Finally I asked the pioprietor of the shop what had happened in her window. Speaking of Food She started at me aghast. “Why,” she said, “Those are women’s hats.” “If those are women’s hats—I’ll eat them!” I answered. Hours later I was chewing away—a feather ih my nose, a flower under my collar button, and a bit of veil sticking out of my left ear. Then everything got black. When I woke up, a man with a funny jacket that looked like a life saver’s belt was saying, “There, there,” and sunshine was streaming through the shining bars.” Note: Events and characters depicted m this story are entirely fietitious. Any similarity to persons (living or dead) names, or places is pux-ely coincidental.SdihM
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J'SUXjtuASlA.
Wednesday# April 26, 1939
Marriage Course... . . . plans are still being whipped into shape by the sub-committee of President Elliott’s committee to “investigate and make recommendations for a marriage course.” This subcommittee went to work on February 10, following the first committee meeting. Need of a marriage course is no longer an issue. In a questionnaire sent to almost 500 students, the answers were 91 per cent “yes” to the question, “Would you favor the foundation of a course on marriage and sex at Purdue?” The marriage course committee has been waiting for a visit from Dr. Edna White, director of Merrill-Palmer school in Detroit, who will review their plans and make suggestions. Dr. White has years of home economics work behind her, and has written many articles on child development and parent education. In assisting to establish successful marriage courses at other schools. Dr. White has shown she can help the Purdue committee. Dean of Women Dorothy Stratton, however, has expressed the fear that Dr. White may be unable to visit the campus because of other pressing work. In these circumstances, it would seem best for the sub-committee to finish drawing up their plans immediately. They could be reviewed by Dr. White through a trip to Detroit or even by mail. After Dr. White makes her sought-for recommendations and suggestions, the sub-com-mittee will draw up their plan for entire committee discussion. When completely approved, these plans will be submitted to the Executive Committee for administrative action. Too many committee members are seniors for the plans to remain still unorganized at graduation time. Hard work and prompt action will be required if definite plans are to go into the Executive Building this year. Delegation of work by a committee to a subcommittee is nothing new at Purdue. The subcommittee drafts a set of plans and suggestions, then takes them before the whole committee. The plans are discussed, perhaps discarded in part, amended, and new ideas brought out; then the sub-committee goes back to work. When finally approved by the entire committee, their brain-child is ready to step out into the world. Advantage of this method—a few can compile their ideas and draft them more easily than a larger body could. Disadvantage—efficiency is reduced through double-discussion in sub-committee and committee meetings. Most of the work is shifted onto the shoulders of a few.—D. G. T. Winning Three Out Of Three.. . . . games has launched the Boilermaker nine on the coming baseball season with an average of 1000 of which any team could well be proud. Due to the fact that the season is still in its infancy perhaps we’re a bit premature, but we’re proud that the boys are leading the Big Ten. Seldom has the team had such an auspicious start; often nothing was heard about them except that they got nosed out in a close game somewhere in the conference circuit. Why is the team doing so well this season ? If we do as the engineers do sometimes and consider all else unchanged, varying one factor, perhaps we can solve the mystery. If we make the assumption that the personnel is of the same quality as last year an(^ that the coaching is of the same calibre, etc., perhaps we are safe in saying that the big contributmg factor
the Purdue Exponent Einteted M teeond das* matter at the port oAHm ta Lafayette, Indiana, nnder «ie art of Corngrert of Mawh 8, 1879, and at the cpeelal rate of poatas* prorlded for In aection 1188, art of Oetober 8, 1917, anthorlaed January 20, 1922. Pobibhed dally except Ifonday during the regular aeademle year and wedcly during Summer Seeelon. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, auiQ aubecrlptlon $8 80.
H. I. Stantiack R. B. Hensler
Editor-In-CMef. Business Manager —
PUBLICATION STAFF
Managing Editor ^ City Editor J). A. IMl^ Aasoclate Bdltora_a. W. Frederick, K. C Houston, B. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplln, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson Sophomore Assistants—R Ahlf, R Beer, R DeHoog, R Donahue, P Ganzar, D. Helple, R Howard, C Leber, R Massey, J. McKee, C. McKeighan, M Miers, M. Patterson, R Taylor, K. Thompson, J. Willsey, A.
Yates
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager.
Local Advertblng Manager Circulation Manager Sales Manager National Advertblng Manager Accounts Manager Art Director
BL C. Reeves B5. M. Antoulnl „W. F. Berg _V. Daugherty H. W. Nevfn W. B. Smith D. J. Hennlnger
CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors — Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, B. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind Phone 4008, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publtshers Representattve AZO Madison Ave New York N Y Chicago Boston Los Angeles - SAN Francisco Tbb newspaper b written, edited, and publtahed by undergraduate studente of Purdue University. AU opinions In It, unless otherwbe accredited, are stndent opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editoriab are written by the edttor-ln-chief.
Night Editor—Leber Issue Editor—^Mueller Wednesday, April 26, 1939
By Georgann Schilling
Whether you like to gallop or not, you’ll like the Gingham Gallop because the co-eds are again doing the inviting for the dance. If you haven’t a date as yet, gals, we suggest that you do something drastic like handing out dollar bills with your phone number in the copper. Tonight IS trade dinner night again. The Alpha Chis will dine with the Alpha Chi Rhos while the Pi Phis go to the SAE house and the Kappas are entertained at Terry House. Cary Hall East will play host to the Alpha Xis and the Chi O’s will exchange with the Phi Kappa Taus. The Greeks go ’round and ’round. —H-H— If you write a column you are supposed to be omnipresent, know all, see all, tell all. You should by some undefinable process of osmosis know who was at every dance.
with whom, and why. If you do happen to miss reporting some social event you aie just pla3dng favorites. Confidentially, we need a little cooperation from you concerning all of these spring formals which are coming up between now and the days of freedom. Our own research so far has discovered for us the following sched-
CALL 4935 FOR SERVICE “Furriers for three generations" Steiger's
V
530 MAIN
K
in the climb is the use of the new Fieldhouse and athletic plant therein. Previous to the opening of its facilities, the team worked out only when the Indiana weather permitted, which left many large holes in their training card. Now, rain or shine, they have a regular opportunity to practice. This improvement need not apply to baseball alone, but to all sports alike. Let’s hope the other sports hit the incline too.—^R. E. I. We're Pretty Happy... . . . about the recent Associated Collegiate Press ratings of college and university student publications all over the country in which the Exponent received a “first class honor” standing. This division is second only to the “All-American honor rating” conferred upon the nation’s seven best student newspapers. Exponent issues for an entire month, chosen at random, were sent to the AGP for the judges to work on. Here is what they said in reply: (a) Sports very adequately covered. (b) Informal and streamlined page makeups work out quite well. Front page makeup generally well handled, even below the fold. (c) Total score: 730 out of possible 1,000. Considering the restricted size of our paper, the fact that the University fosters no journalism school, and that the staff is recruited mostly from students in one of the hardest engineering schools of the United States, we feel pretty good about the whole thing. With this rating b^ehind us, we feel that Purdue and its activities will be read all over the country.—R. E. I.
Died dance dates: April 28, Alpha Chi; April 29, Sigma Alpha Mu; Delta Upsilon; May 6, Kappa; May 6, Beta, Sigma Nu, and the WRH; May 12, Airport Dance, Pi Kappa Phi; May 20, Phi Kappa, Kappa Delta Rho; May 26, Phi Mu; May 27 Phi Kappa Tau. We aren’t in the know about any other coming events. But we’re anxious to learn.
WHY BE A MERE DANCER? CLOTHES HAVE CHANGED— SO HAVE STEPS IN DANCING MR. ALLEN GRADUATED FROM THE VERNON CASTLE HOUSE IN 1915, N. Y. CITY NEW ADVANCED CLASS OPENS WED., APRIL 26 7:30 P. M. ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
umnsfiii
LAST DAY —
STARTS TOMORROW
SPINE-CHILLING! The adventure* of Sherlock Holme* on the gho*tly moorl
, SIR ARTHUR CONAN DOriES THEHOVMD r%’.BASKEH¥IUES
RICHARD RASil WINDY GREENE-RATHBONE* BARRIE
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lkyy
Quiet pleeze . . . this is a secret. RIP MANION, news-hawk turned Romeo, journeyed to Indianapolis Saturday to see his inspiration, the charming JANE GARLAND, sister of TOM GARLAND, Union viceprexy last year. Now this was quite all right, but RIP didn’t wander back into town until noon yesterday!! . . . What have you got to say for yourself, sir ? ? No, no, yes, yes, it’s true' Pretty Boy KELLNER, Alpha Chi Rho Beauty, has hung his pin . . . and on a co-ed! The lucky girl is ILDA IRWIN, Alpha Chi pledge. Who said “A good engineer is a social outcast?” . . . FRED ROBBINS, ATO Glamour Boy is a Pi Tau Sigma, Tau Beta Pi, distinguished, and he still spends all his nights and days making every jitterbug junction around this village . . . boys are just wondering what the formula is. Speaking of honoraries, now that Pi Tau Sigma has 20 bucks from the 20 initiates . . we can count up to 400 bucks . . we’re wondering which one of the boys can drink the other under the table. Here’s a bet on BILL HART and DUNSHEE. It just goes to show you that a good man always wins . • . The one night when BOB SWAB stays away from BROWNIE’S domicile ... actually stays home . . . the poor boy gets a sick spell. The only thing we can figure out is the lack of the pi;oper vitamins. . . that what Bock supplies. STUBBY’S article in yesterday’s “Fielder’s Cherce” must have been a foul ball ... it backfired. It’s a bet ... 2 to 1 that NORMAN RUSE, better known as “The Rock” will have his pin on FLORENCE JUSTIN within a week . . . if she’ll take it! The PHI DELT’s have their bungalow The BETA’S have their pin But as long as KAPPAS have their key They always will get in. ’Course I’ve learned a lot of things But a lot of things I’ve missed Why does a co-ed raise her foot Whenever being kissed. Here’s one thing that you people won’t read . the uncensored edition of the “Fifth Street Rag” coming out Sunday ... if you’re good maybe some staff member will give you an inside scoop. Engineering would be fine If it weren’t for Machine Design!
IT\F>
USf V ^
14-18
Cent 1939 by United Featore SJmdlcGte Hie.
“That reminds me—are you going to take in a world’s fair this year?” ^
Tale of a co-ed’s first cigarette: ONE PUFF FEEL TOUGH STOMACH ROUGH PUNK STUFF THAT’S ENOUGH .. . What are YOU going to do about those MARS and LAFAYETTE passes . .. We’re scared to look in the Debris . . . those candid shots were not censored'! Pid anyone ever tell you how pretty the airport is in the daytime? Be different . . . watch the planes come and go in the light of day .. lecture is calling goodbye. P S. Still no pictures, damn it, Archie, wake up!
THE mm By Paul Hammon
“Here we are, one hundred and thirty million of us m the grand-
MADS LAST DAY
TOMORIlOW-FillDAY
WALTER PIDGEON VIRGINIA BRUCE Leo CARR^O • Eduai^o CIANNELU • Leo Bowman
ARC
■ LAST DAY—
-AND-
THUR.-FRI.-SAT. RED ROPE COME ON LEATHERNECKS FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS
est slice of continent on Earth. We have right under our feet almost everything we need to give the last family a decent standard of living We do not need to fight anybody unless they come and try to take away what we have. God help them if they do.” Thus Stuart Chase explains in his latest book, “The New Western Front,” why we do not need to go to war. He gives his interpretation and solutionl to the turmoil in which the world finds itself today. He augmented all his arguments with a biting prose. Stuart Chase convinces us in his book how lucky we are to be citizens of the United States of America “The New Western Front” IS a small book which is easily read and IS interesting because of the prev§itent war threats in Europe. This book IS on reserve in the Browsing Room.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
LUHA — LAST DAY — HEDY LAMARR CHARLES BOYER
’ALGIERS’ and
THE JONES FAMILY in ’DOWN ON THE FARM’
THUR.-FRI.-SAT. WALLACE BEERY in ’’TREASURE ISLAND’’ and W. C. FIELDS in 'DAVID COPPERFIELD'
NBW
. , -. rSPECT'RUM PICTORES, CORP, . . : FRED SCOTT/. SILVERY VOJCEP lUCKAROO “SONGS a.d BULLETS”
— ALSO — 'FLAMING FRONTIERS' SERIAL
LAST TIMES TODAY
Love story of world's foremost dancers!
Mmerjr’s PonJesI Melodlaf • Cavalcade Of The Dance t
STARTING TOMORROW 2 FIRST RUN PICTURES
Fiction’s fa* moas Gfiais* buster In Ms latest dark adventure I
6E0RGESAM$ WENDY BARRIE Jonathan Rare • leronto Cowan Noil HamiltonvBarry Fitzgerald PLUS A DESPERATE ADVENTURE with RAMON NOVARRO Marian Marsh — Eric BioreI—;
^ Wednesday# Apnl 26, 1939
THE PURDUE
Spif'vUu
EXPONENT
Alumni To t^resent Annual Freshman Award At Infra-Squad Gridiron Contest Between halves of the annual intra-squad football game at Ross-Ade Stadium Saturday, May 6, announcement will be made of the winner of the ninth annual Purdue Freshman Football Merit Trophy, which is awarded by .the Purdue Alumni Association, on the basis of improvement shown during spring drill, taking into consideration scholarship, attitude, and attendance.
The game is a part of the athletic program which has been planned for Gala Week, during which hundreds of alumni are expected to be present. It will end spring football practice which began March 14. The award is a $100 gold watch, suitably engraved, which is presented to the player who meets the qualifications providing that player returns to school in the fall. Former Winners John Petty, sophomore from Lebanon, Pa., who is a leading candidate for the fullback position on Mai Elward’s 1939 Boilermakers, was the winner of last spring’s watch award. Stanley “Swede” Thursby, North Tonawanda, N. Y., junior end, received the award in 1937. Both of these players will take part in the game May 6. Basil Petry, center, of Terre
Haute, who dropped out of school last year, was the winner in 1936. He is expected to return to school this fall to make a bid for the center position. The previous winners are: 1936—Don Powell, Fort Wayne. 1934—John Drake, Chicago, 111. 1933—Leon Dailey, Gary. 1932—Carl Heldt, Evansville, 1931—Paul Emmons, Logansport. Week's Sport Card TRACK Friday—Drake Relays, Des Moines. Saturday—Drake Re., Des Moines. GOLF Saturday—At Michigan, Ann Arbor TENNIS Friday—At Iowa, Iowa City, la. Saturday—At Northwestern.
CO-EDS, ATTENTION Jack Long Famous Hair Stylist Formerly of Indianapolis Introduces The New Baby Hair Cut It’s the rage of Hollywood’s Movie colony and the smart haircut for clever dressers . . . adapts itself to all occasions whether formal or informal. Phone 7901 for Appointment LO EB & M E NC COMPANY BEAUTY SALON Jewel Maxwell, Hostess
Sigma Nu Bowlers Win Fraternity Title Rolling up a high total of 1616 points, the Sigma Nu bowling team annexed the fraternity championship last night.’ The Kappa Sigs, their rival finalists, chalked up 1399 points. The score made by the Sig-^, ma Nu team beat that made by the Phi Sigma Kappa’s in defeating the Theta Chi’s in the other final match Monday night. Antibus, Munk, and King rolled for the victorious team with Munk making the high total, 568. Burnside, Eckstein, and Verplank rolled Tor the losers as Verplank rolled 213 for the highest single game. Bridge Tourney Teams To Play Second Round The second qualifying round of the all-campus bridge tournament will be held tonight in the Union Ballroom at 7 p. m. All teams who intend to play in the final round of the tourney must play tonight. As in the first round, to make the contest fair and to eliminate luck, the same number of hands as there are flights will be dealt and each team will* play the same hands. As a team finishes a hand it will give it to the next team. Intramural Schedule
FRATERNITY TENNIS SINGLES Today 4:00 p. m. Court 5— Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 6— Acacia vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 7— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Delta Theta. 8— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 9— Triangle vs. Theta Xi. 10— Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 11— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 12— Lambda Chi .^Ipha vs. Kappa Sigma..< 13— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Sigma Chi. 14— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 16—Sigma Nu vs. Delta Tau Delta. 16— Beta Sigma Psi vs. Theta Chi. 17— Phi Pi Phi vs. Delta Upsilon. 18— Pi Kappa Phi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 4:45 p. m. 6—Delta Chi vs. Theta Tau. 6— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Phi Kappa. 7— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Alpha Chi Rho.
BASEBALL Today Diamond 1— Acacia vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 2— Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Pi Phi. 3— Triangle vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 4— ^Theta Xi vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 6—Delta Tau Delta vs. Theta Tau. 6— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 7— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Delta Chi. 8— Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 9— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 10—Phi Kappa vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. MASS GOLF Today Beta Theta Pi Delta Upsilon Phi Delta Theta Phi Kappa Psi Phi Kappa Sigma Sigma Alpha Epsilon Sigma Chi Sigma Pi Theta Chi
TEU YOU
Hudson asked 1000 new ownersv^ ,„„n>edup «« said: “We Itked Its oo s. , <.„ore cat for your money” in a Hudson. below. Tbeyshowwhyyouroowdiget more
wT keeD
protection
r>r.«V.le.Safe Hydraulics and many other
am^EST LIFE”— Hudsons go and keep
. cove,d.ousanas ou^hous«.ds of miles without mechanical trouble.
«M0ST economical”-Owners of various models report 18 to 24 p®^ gallon,Andho oiladded between changes. ^ROOMIEST”-More room for both pas-
Tn“e« ind luggage. Solid comfort for
three in every Hudson seat. , n*riPi: MONEY FOR YOUR CAR more car for deui°^ can’t beat anywhere in town We need used ears. Drive in today for a a
.doccsT NEW features”-Many great ® 1939 features make ^fcar^^S to iive now ... a more valuable car at
resale time.
FOR SPRlNGl-2 NEW HUDSONS at Prices Starting $50 Lower . . . AMONG AMERiCA'S LOWEST
$1
‘delivered in Detroit, equipped to drive; including Federal taxes, not including state and local taxes, if any. Low time payment terms, with new Hudson-C.I.T. Plan. Prices subject to change without notice.
FEASTER MOTOR CO. 919 MAIN STREET LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
Fine Equipment Jracldnen To Face FinesI Aids Diamondmen In Spring Training Midwest StaFs At Drake
'f
By Stew Marquis When the balmy days of spring roll around, the eyes of all dyed-in-the-wool baseball fans turn to the multitude of major league parks, local ball fields and sandlot diamonds that can be found in every nook and cranny of the country in tribute to the nation’s national pastime. Hardened patrons of the winter’s hot stove league forsake their favorite trysting place to stroll out to the local diamond where they can find the answers to many long and heated discussions. Aspiring young ball players make public their newly-discovered screwball or batting stance. But long before the major leaguers trek to their spring training camps and the local diamonds begin to ring with the welcome sound of smashing drives, the college teams begin to train for their short-lived seasons. Collegiate players begin to work out in gymnasiums, fieldhouses, or any indoor space large enough to permit these diamond hopefuls to practice the intricacies of the diamond art. More fortunate schools erect batting cages to allow their squads to develop the batting eyes that will be so sorely needed during the playing season. College nines can expect only six or seven weeks of good plajdng weather in the spring. This almost forces the college baseball coaches to start practice indoors to have their teams ready for their opening games which follow closely on the heels of spring. Many large northern schools arrange a series of Encounters in the South during the spring vacation before competition in local collegiate circles gets under way. This year’s Boilermaker team can boast of excellent practice and playing facilities. The Fieldhouse has proved its worth invaluably in preseason indoor practice. Ross-Ade Field has been completely r^ovated as is now one of the best equiped college diamonds in the country. These well arranged improvements
Leaving this afternoon after classes, eight Riveter track men will motor westward to the 30th Drake relays, an annual multicollege meet which attracts the outstanding track and field artists from the South and Middle West, The preliminaries will be run off Friday, with the final events Saturday.
Coach Phillips announces that the Boilermakers who will be pitted against the cream of the Mississippi valley athletes are as follows: Fisher, Bodeau, Knapp, Holdermaji, Marozick, Clevett, Weber, and Gu^-'' ting. The Gold and Black are to be well represented in the relay events with entries in the distance medley relay, two mile relay, and the four
mile relay.
Ward Trackmen Will Compete On May 10
A new event will be included in the list of eight track races at the annual ward track meet May 10 on Intramural Field in the form of a half-mile relay. Four men from each ward will enter, each man to run 220 yards. There will be four field events, pole vault, high jump,
broad jump, ahd shot put. Medals will be awarded to anyone
who gets five points. Points are awarded as follows: five points for first place, three for second, two for third, and one for fourth. Members of the winning team will also
get medals.
According to R. W. Middleton, senior intramural manager, men who wish to enter the meet can work out at the Stadium with the varsity after 4 o’clock any evening.
will undoubtedly mean the difference betwen “just another baseball team” and a Boilermaker combination that will be a definite title contender in the Big Ten race. When Ross-Ade Field echoes to mingled cheers and boos as the Boilermakers battle fiercely in a closely contested game in their fight to bring the Big Ten championship to Purdue, as Boilermaker hurlers face determined enemy batters, as Bailermaker batsmen drive out timely hits. Boilermaker fans can be quite proud of their diamond representatives and even more proud of the excellent playing facilities that has made a top-notch Boilermaker aggregation possible.
irs OVR SERVE NOW! ^ l We run a special department to take care of run-down tennis rackets that belong to people who play with extra powerful opponents. Restringing service as low as $2. WE CAN FIX IT!
WEAST & STRASSER Just around the corner from Mars Theatre Phone 7055 606 Columbia St.
Why Be a Frump!
West Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone ins I—NOW for pick-up.
And miss all the fun, when the price of the party is only a clean fresh suit. American’s beautiful work is at your command.
Call us for pick-up.
Phone 3085
American! Dependable Dry Clemerg
Meet of Records Into the host city, Des Moines, la., will come several lads who, based on past performances, have an excellent chance of shattering the existing relay marks. However, record-breaking exhibitions are not uncommon to Drake relay patrons, as ten records were scratched from the books in last year’s meet. Expected to give the stop watches quite a battle are Fred Wolcott, hurdler from Rice Institute, and Billy Brown of Louisiana State. Wolcott, whose specialty is the 120yard high hurdles, is counting upon his stiifest competition from Boyce Gatewood of Texas. The Texan is the only collegiate hurdler who has ever outsped the tow-headed youth. What Wolcott Has Done Last year, when only a sophomore, Wolcott broke the Drake Relays mark vrith a 14.2 seconds performance. His other laurels include first place in the national collegiate high hurdle event in Milwaukee, and first in his specialty in the National AAU meet at Buffalo. One of his fastest times was turned in at the Texas relays last spring when he ran the 120-yard high hurdles'in 13.9 seconds. Winning firsts in the hurdle events isn’t the only way in which Wolcott scores points for Louisiana State, as he also sprints the 100 yards in fast time. Olympic Entry The youngest member of the 1936 United States’ Olympic team. Brown, serves heavy duty on the Louisiana State track team, the most familiar of his events being the 100-yard dash, broad jump, and high jump. Dr. Porter Speaks To Agricultural Group Dr. C. L. Porter, University plant pathologist, described his recent sojourn in Europe and illustrated his lecture with lantern slides at the Spring initiation, banquet of Ceres, agronomy and general agricultural honorary, in the Old Chestnut Room of the Union last night. Students pledged to the organization were G. E. Sears, M. A. Brunk, H. E. Nickey, H. L. Whitham, and K. E. Burbrink. Welcoming address to the pledges was given by W. L. Lambert, and the reply was made by K. E. Burbrink.
BASEBALL STANDINGS NATIONAL LEAGUE W L Pet. Chicago 4 1 .800 Cincinnati 3 1 .760 Philadelphia 4 2 .666 Boston 4 3 .671 New York 3 4 .428 St. Louis 2 3 .400 Brooklyn 2 4 .333 Pittsburgh 1 5 .166 —Yesterday’s Results— Chicago, 5; Pittsburgh, 3. Philadelphia, 8; New York, 1. Cincinnati, 5; St. Louis, 1. Brooklyn, 3; Boston, 2. AMERICAN LEAGUE W L Pet. New York 5 1 .833 Cleveland 3 2 .600 Detroit 4 3 .671 Boston 3 3 .600 St. Louis 2 2 .600 Chicago 2 4 .383 Washington 2 4 .383 Philadelphia 2 4 333 —^Yesterday’s Results-— New York, 8; Philadelphia, 4. Cleveland, 7; Chicago, 1. Boston, 6; Washington, 6. St. Louis, 5; Detroit, 2.
- ‘fil3[i3axL (Ha,
THE PURDUE ETiPONEISlT
yiojtujiA,
Wednesday, April 26, 1939
it
|5:.
Personnel Notes
Company: Carnation Company, Oconomowoc, Wis.. manufacturers of condensed milk. Representative: A. C. Smith, superintendent. Visiting Purdue: Monday and Tuesday. May 1 and 2. Inter^ iew ing: Engineering, science, and agricultural seniors for employment. Applicants should be physically strong and better than average scholastically. Course of study IS not important. Those interested sign up in the mam office of their school. Company: Hoosier Lamp and Stamping Corp., Evansville. Representative: Curt Howard, Personnel Director. Visiting Purdue: Tuesday, May 2. Inter>iewing; ChE, EE, and ME seniors for engineering sales and production training. Those interested sign up in mam office of their school. V Companj : The Detroit Edison Co. ' Detroit. Mich. Representative: Joseph M. Sullivan, Chief Clerk, Employ. Bureau. Visiting Purdue: Monday, May 1. Interviewing: EE seniors for sales or engineering training; ME juniors for summer work in power plants. EE applicants: above average height, upper half of class scholastically (and good appearance and ability to talk for those interested in sales). ME juniors should be in top quarter of class scholastically, and definitely interested in power plant operation and maintenance. Those interested sign up in EE and ME main offices.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
Counselors' School Opens Today In Union WSGA will open the counselors’ training school for sophomore and junior girls with a meeting today at 4 in the Women’s lounge of the Union. About 150 freshman counselors will be selected following interviews today and tomorrow. A 3.5 scholastic index is required of all girls who are candidates for a counseling position. Various methods of counseling will be discussed at the series of training school meetings to be held before the close of school this semester. Libby Barmes is in charge of the freshman orientation program, and Margaret Saurer is directing transfer orientation plans.
iaaWBAA
Alpha Zeta: Meeting in Agriculturist office at 7 p. hi. Wednesday, April 26. —STONAKEE.
11:00-
‘<THK VOICE OF PURDUE*'
Am-
WAA Haseball; Games Wednesday, April 26, at 4 p m. on the girls’ diamohd: Wards 1 and y vs. Pi Phi’s, Chi O’s vs. Residence Halls. —COOK.
Purdue Flying Club: Important meeting Thursday, April 27, at 7 p. m. in room P of the Union. A plan eoncerhihg the class A members will be voted upon. —CHEVEDDEN.
11:50 12:00
Prof. Robert Phillips, erican Institutions. Purdue News Flashes.
Farm Facts for Farm Folks.
12:15—Sports Review, Dick Shively
12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—Meditations, Rev. W. R.
Graham.
1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—American Yesterdays.
1:46—Mai’ket Reports.
2:00—Pat Wade, popular songs.
The Home Decorator. Hymn Echoes, Mrs. Irvin
Jackson.
Symphony Hall. ■Campus Interviews.
4:15—Dick Curtner, pianist. 4:30—Purdue Round Table. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
Prospective Counselors: The first regular meeting will be held Wednesday, April 26, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Lounge. All gills interested please come to the meeting. —LIBBY BARMES PLw Loll: New section in beginning »golf will be offered Thursday afternoon, April 27, from 2 to 4 p. m Girls wishing to enter this class either for credit or as elective, repoit Thursday, April 27. —HAZELTON.
Scriveners: Last guest meeting Sunday, April 80, at 7:30 p. m. in room 2 of the Union. All members please come. Manuscripts accepted. -JUSTIN.
All Organizations: Any ol-ganization wishing to participate in the University Sing should have a representative present at the meeting of song leaders Friday, April 28, at 4 p. m. in Reception Room of the Union. CREPPS, RICHARDSON.
WAA Tennis: Time for signing up for tournaments has been extended until Wednesday, April 26. Sign up in Women’s Gym. —Mather.
Outing Club: Meet for bird hike Wednesday, April 26, 6 :30 a. m., at Purdue State Bank. There will be no breakfast served. Dean Fisher will conduct the hike. We must leave promptly. —CULP.
Pan-Hellenic Council: Pan-Hellenic meeting Wednesday, April 26, at 4 p. m. in room F of the Union. Old and new members please attend. —RAEBIG.
Silver niasK: formal initiation at b:15 p. m. Thursday, April 27, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. All men bring Sam Browne lieks. —^MEIR.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Skating paity Satin day, Apiil 29 Meet at the Christian Church at 9 p. m. All members please attend. —MANGUS.
WAA: There is still time to sign up for the Dunes trip on April 29-30. Please do so before Thursday, April 27, on the WAA bulletin board. —WARD.
“P” Men: Important meeting of all P men in room 105 of the Field House Thursday, April 27, at 7 p. m ^ —JOHNSON.
3:004:00-
Exponent staff: Members of all staffs please sign banquet list in one of the three offices. Sophomore and freshmen editoiial, staff members pleaSe notice new schedules in Union office. (4-28) —HARDIN Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting and election of officers Wednesday, April 26, at 7:30 p m in room 2 of "the Union. Bring all housing lists, whether completed or not. (4-26) —STRADLING. Student Engineering Council: Important meeting in the Union Building at 5 p. m. Thursday, April 27. —SMITH.
Cosmopolitan Club: Important meeting Friday, April 28, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union. —AYASUN.
ASME: Indianapolis motor sperfway qualification pit passes will not be issued until the 2nd or 3rd week in May. Watch for an announcement at that time. (6-2) -ERR.
Mortar Board: Compulsoiy meeting Wednesday, April 26, at 4:15 p. m. at the WSGA office. —WOOD.
Scabbard and Blade: Important meeting Wednesday April 26, at 7:30 p. m. in room F of the Union. —ZIMMER.
Air Meet: All pilots and student pilots wishing to enter the Spring Air Meet sponsored by the Puidue Flying Club please meet in room F of the Union at 8 :30 p. m. Thursday, April 27. —CHEVEDDEN.
PEW Golf: New section in beginning golf will be offered Thursday afternoon, April 27, from 2 to 4 p. m. Girls wishing to enter this class either for credit or as an elective should report Thursday. —HAZELTON.
Roger Williams Club: Membeis of the Roger Williams Club are invited to attend the annual spring picnic at Big Rock Saturday, April 29. Meet at the West Lafayette Baptist Church at 1 p m. Bring 25 cents to cover eats and transportation. —SWANSON.
Glider Club: Important meeting Wednesday, April 26, at 7 :30 p. m. m room B of the Union. Please be prompt. —BUELL.
Rifle Club: Important last meeting for election of officers Wednesday, April 26, at 7:30 p. m. in the Fieldhouse. —SMITH.
M1SCM.LANEOU8
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75, Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
GLASS—For autos, desks, dressers, furniture. Mirrbrs. Wauthler’s Glass Shop. Phone 7949.
WANTED—‘Loan of Piiandello’s “Henry IV ’’ Call Mrs. George Munro. Phone 3808.
FOR SALE
LOST AND POUND
Roller Skating Grand Opening Under Large Tent Saturday Evening, April 29, Lafayette Routes 52 and 26 — East of City South Street Car
Skating every afternoon, 2:30 to 4, every evening 7:30 to 10:30. Any morning 10:30 to 12. Rink is also available for private parties from 10:30 to 12 any night or after the afternoon session. Book your class, club, sorority or fraternity parties early. We solicit the patronage of only those who are willing to comply with our rules. Liquor and intoxicated persons prohibited. Roller Rinx.
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Bookstores
• Jowelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Qkicetion H. G. REISNER
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Professional
LYLE E. FISHER
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A RISK—0,DJL HAROLD 1. RISK—D.DA LUTHER A. RISK—D.DJ. Schultz tuUdiiM 4h and Main Aiona SNH
WATCHMAKER Thla ifl aH w« doi, but da it waN. Opposite Poet Offiea Wallace Block 322 Fany St.
• Play Golf
• Florists
Day and Night Driving Range —Now Open at— LINEE'S FIELDS Lessons Given — at Reasonable Rates Golf Clubs Repaired
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flewera AAaIn at 7th Rhone SOSO
Independent Men: All Independent men who wish to Ventei the ward golf or tennis tournaments sign up on the entry blank on the bulletin board outside the intramuial office immediately (4-28) —MIDDLETON Sigma Delta Chi: There will be a meeting Thursday, April 27, at 7 :30 p m. in the reception room of the Union Prof. Charley Murphy, of the history depaitment, will speak —BAILEY.
Senior EE: Leave money for picture to hang in hall in EE office before Wednesday, April 26. (4-26) —KITTNER.
Sliver Mask: Banquet at 6:30 p. m. Thursday, Apiil 27, in the Old Chestnut Room of the Union —MEIR.
Bridge Players: Second qualifying rounds will not be played until Wednesday, April 26. It is necessary for all who played in the tournament last week to play again in the second round to qualify for the semifinals. —BORN.
Modern Dance Group: Meeting Wednesday, Apiil 26, at 7 p. m. in the Women’s Gymnasium Everyone expecting to be in the recital Saturday must be there. —HICKMAN.
Poultry Club: Meeting Wedneseday, April 26, at 7 .30 p. m. in the Poultry Bqilding. —JENKINS.
HAYS JEWELRY €©• EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FmE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
FOR SALE—Piactically new MacGregor tennis racket Cheap Call McCarty 41061
LOST—Chi Omega pin between Women’s Gym and Stuart Field Phone Mary Frances Oliver, 46833. Eewaid. LOST—K & E Log-Log decitrig Duplex Slide Rule Name C L Keyes. Call Bud Tower 2926.
LOST—Semester repoit Industrial Safety Monday morning in recitation 113. Return to N P. Poulos S A E. house.
‘Am I aaa l®ve ...oris itjust that seu uir?
HOLLYWOOD SCOUT Gavm Hare, on his way back from a fruitless European talent hunt, and on the movie find of 1940.
SOCIETY GIRLGilhan Archer, lovely—and still single. “Lots of men think they’re m Jove with me. But I still haven t found what I want. . .
doctor David Sutton, briUiant young neurologist and brain surgeon, deternuned that no woman was ever agam going to play a part in hta hte
actress Kingsley Campion. “What you need is to fall m love again,” said her maid“You’re always successful when you’re in love.
^O nOUBT ABOUT f In thing to your private Ufal Th^ on Sng new thrae-part noval in the modem tempo.
parts
KCIW SfiHil HiS iim ciiMSi® Hiiaii
IS BIGilAGUE BALI DAMAIIINB COlliBA PlAYIRS? frankly on what he terms the least savory sideofbaseball.’showswhere brseball might well take a tip from pro football’s experience. Page 20. Baseball Gets ’Em Too Young bv JUSTIN M. {Sam) BARRY * Bas»hallCoach.Univ»rsUyofSouth<mCalifor,>la
STALIN AND HITLER ENEMIES? “A myth!” says this former head of Stalin’s secret service in Europe. In the Post this week he reveals Stahn s strategy. Also in arhde: firsf world publication of German-Japaneae pact, " was negotiated, and an outline of its terms. A Post exo/usive. Read Stalin Appeases Hitler. by W. O. KRIVITSKY former General in the RedArmy
And “THIS 6UN has one more job to DO!” ^aidSk^ Bolio. “It thinks for me. A good plan for a jadbreak—until the gun did start to do its own thinki g. Royce Howes tells the ^story m Instinct Ain’t Thinkin . TELEGRAM! ALEXANDER BOTTS, earthworm tractor C0» earthworm city ILL” am informed your salesmen used earthworm tractor to move^dance hall and left it sitting on railroad trestle send details at ONCE” GILBERT HENDERSON For the full details, see Running This Sales Depart^ ment. Anyway? by William Hazlett Upson. Page 10. P G. WODEHOUSE brings you a nw serial. Turn to ^ in the Springtime and start the second of six riotous installments. SHE MARRIED A NOVELIST^and then her hubby fell for a next door! A short story. Believe Their Stones, by Ruth Rpdney King . .. PLUS: articles, editorials, humor and cartoons. All in this week s Post.
'/f