r
Sn' A ^ Afl « 1.;j^ ,'’ * 4' I ■' ! ,'Jii ‘- ,/ ‘ •* ‘ . , ' • -> ; il
ri* ' ' (
\4' / <?
I f "
't.
,
(TIIe Purflue TExpuiteitl
Published Dail3^ Iqr Studfeiits of Purdue Umiversity
VOLX7ME ^vin
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1936
NUMBER 43
PIA Wm Give Party Tonight In Union
-Stewart To Lead GYoup Singing; Skit Shop Will Present ‘Common Clay’
With the opiening of the first entertainiweilt of the season tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the ^Memorial Union ballroom, the P. I. A. social season will be officially under way. The program will include group singing of novelty and favorite songs directed by A1 Stewart, and the Skit Shop production “Common Clay.” Cast The play, directed by Prof. P. E. Lull, is Written entirely to rhyme and a melody is carried throughout by the P. I. A. orchestra. The cast is as follows: Judge, L. H. Douglas; Jane, Emily Jayne Myers; Steve, WiiliaM Brisdoe; Mother, Charlean Whittington; Mason, John Munk; Policeman, J. M. Prassas; Clerk, Lawson Bown; and Detective, John Ciborski. The manager is Ralph Maybe. Also included in the program is a series of piano numbers by Estelle Dix, presentations by the P. I. A. Tune Shop, and the board of directors of P. I. A. will be introduced by the president. Refreshments will be served to all. Bob Schlundt and Barbara Sweeney are the social chairmen in charge.
Indiana, Purdue Bands Will Renew
Rivalry At Game
Purdue's marching band began practice Monday in preparation for its encounter with the Indiana University Band, in the “Battle Of Bap<ls” to be staged at the annual P^ue-|ndipna grid tilt, November'21. Last year, tW rivalry was so keen between the two bands that even scouting was introduced. Best In Country In the coming game, spectators will be given a chance to see what are claimed to be the two best marching and musical college bands in the country. The latest formations and maneuvers known to the band world will be displayed by these two organizations. For the past two years Purdue’s band has been awarded the honor of having the best band at the Kentucky Derby Festival Parade, held each spring in Louisville in which the Indiana band has also partici-
pated.
Prof. P. S. Eiprick, director of the University band, promises grid fans the best band in his career, both in marching and in musical ability.
Apt Club To Sponsor •Film In t)nion Ballroom
The Art Club is sponsoring a movie entitled “We Are All Artists” tomorrow evening at 7:80 o'clock in the ballroom of the Mem^ orial Union Building. This picture, which was made by the Division of Visual Experiment of the Harmdn Foundation, presents an approach to the understanding of design and good taste in art. The meeting is o^en to anyone interested.
W. G. Cookman, C. E. '36, has accepted a position as inspector on the Illinois waterway project, with the U. S. Engineers Office at Joliet, 111. He was formerly connected with the Gast Construction Company at Anderson.
Mbre Days To Get That
BUCKET'
Murphy To Review Novel Of South
Prof. C. B. Murphy will review the new novel “Gone With ^he Wind'*; a story of the Civil War days from the southern point of view, tomorrow evening at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Professor Murphy is considered an authority on the South, and he will bring this historical knowledge to bear in explaining the popularity of the novel.
Plan Erasmus
Day Nov. 18 Recognize Famous Humanist, Educator Who Lived 400 Years Ago
Purdue will join with other universities add colleges thrOughUut the world next Wednesday, Novem ber 18, in a tribute to Erasmus, great scholar, theologian, and leader of his day Whose death occured November 18, 1636, but whose work still stands in the field of learning. A special convocation will be held at 3 o’clock next Wednesday afternoon in Eliza FoWler Hall with Dean Gordon Laing, of the humanities divi' sion of the University of Chicago, as the principal speaker, it was an nounced yesterday afternoon. The government of Holland is ar ranging for the tribute to the great scholar throughout Europe and in the United States the NetherlandAmerica Foundation of New York is sponsoring the celebration, in cooperation with Columbia University. President Elliott, who will be in New York next week, plans to attend the special exercises at Columbia which will be broadcast on a nation-wide hookup.
Humanist Erasmus, of Rotterdam, who lived 400 years ago, waS a grpat influence on his own and succeeding generations as a humanist. He did much to change the existing forms of education. He was also the first to edit the Greek text of the New Testament and to lead in the study^of ancient literature. He was an ardent advocate of international peace. Plans for the Purdue observance of Erasmus Day are in charge of a committee composed of Prof. O. F. Hall, chairman; F. A. Cummings, O. A. Greiner, F. R. Hall, and Dean Dorothy C. Stratton.
Forum Will Discuss Peace Conference
u'iTtT^
X.'lOV/
The Lake Geneva Conference” will be the subject of a panel discussion in roo^A of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 o’clock tomorrow evening. Prof. G. A. Graves, of the mathematics department, L. D. Saunders, and Robert Henry will lead the meeting.
Under The Mirror
Book notes from the Browsing Boom
KIT BRANDON By Sherwood Anderson Kit Brandon is another striking full-length portrait lately added to Sherwood Anderson’s already famous gallery of pictures of American men and women. \ Kit Brandon’s education begins in southern mountain poverty, progresses through her marriage into a powerful family in the bootleg liquor industry of the 192d’s, reaches a high point at the period of her driving a fast, heavy liquor-rUnning car and the break-up of the gang, and is still continuing when the book ends with her setting off doyiffi another American road in typical, aimless Andersonian fashion, much a^ Chatline Chaplin’s screen waifs and strays do. The book's strength lies not |a much in plot as it does in the realization of the doubts, questionings, desires, and daydreamings which lie deep in all people's minds. It is further distinguished by the sympathetic description of a passion hitkerto almost entirely neglected by writers—^tKat of people, particularly Americans, for driving a powerful automobile.
A New Conception Of Armistice Day An Editorial Eighteen memorable years have gihSSedl since the eenclusion ftf the abortive world war. In those eighteen years the war clouds have again and again hovered low, and are even now threatening the great cause of peace. Today we will stand Silent in memory of thoSe gallant millions who gave their lives in a hollow mockery, “to save the world for democt’aCy.** The holocaust of 1914-18 was hailed as a war to end wars. Yet because of this war, and the treaty adopted at its eUd, the peace of the world has been in constant danger for eighteen tempestuous yeaiu. War is siUy. War is the result of conflict between personal ambitions and is fonght for personal gains. No nation evet gained by participating in a war. No one wins; everyone loses. Yet today war is the most disturbing element in the world; the cause of peace, while being valiantly supported, is losing ground. filYlxy nation hates wdr, doesnT want war, and yet prepares for war. In our own Uhited States, under the leadership of a Ihatl t^^ho, by his own adUlisi^iOh “hates war,” we ate preparillt fht tlie impending cdnflict to the tune of a billion dollars aiihUhliy. it is high tiilte for the common people, who are but pawns in the gteat game of war, td Hse in protest against the uutold human misery—^physical, spiritual, and economic—^which inevitably follows war. Today we honor the memories of those who were deprived of life in the recent war, and pay tribute to the veterans who did not die, but who were condemned to live. Is there any better way to do this than to seek a permanent peace? Therefore, there might well be adopted a new conception of the meaning of this aUd fUturU Armistice Days. Honor the memories of those who died, but, above all, make use of the holiday as a means of promoting the cause of peace.
Electricals
Run Tests On
High Voltages
Last night, on the north campus, the class in high voltage electrical engineering ran tests on the high voltage transmission lines which go from the Electrical Engineering Building to Stadium avenue. Using voltages as high as 600,000 volts, or more than-twice thut at jSouWer Dam, measurements of losses due to the ionization of the air were made. Ionize Air
Ionization of the air about the conductors caused a bluish corona and loud hissing. All this loss in the lines used 150 horsepower; so much power that the lights were dimmed until the power plant could increase its output. The bright sparks appearing along the surface of the wire were due to slight imperfections which were too small to see with the unaided eye. Determine Efficiency Tests were conducted between 57,600 and 600,000 volts to determine the most efficient sizes of conductors, spacing, and height from the ground. All measurements are made at ground ‘potential to eliminate danger and there is evett an automatic lock on the gate to the room where the high voltage is produced; This high voltage comes from two huge transformers, each giving 300,000 volts maximum, which are fed from a 2,000 volt transformer. F. O. Nottingham, BoonvillC, and R. L. Cox, Chicago, were the graduate students working on the experiment, while the seniors were K. B. McEachron, Pittsfield, Mass.; W. L. Wearly, Warren; and W. W. Winter, Chicago, 111.
Mason Wffl Speak On Grading Standards
Dr. T. E. Mason, of the mathematics department and chairman of the University comnnittee on grades and grading standards, will discuss “Standards Of Grading” at 7:30 o’clock this evening in the Memorial Union Building before the agricultural staff.
DEBRIS PICTURES
Tau Beth Pi and Pi Tnn Sigma Debris group pictures will be taken NoveWber J.1 instead of at scheduled time, dqe to Rational conventions of both honoinries. The Tau Beta Pi picture will be taken at 8:30 p. m. and the Pi Tau Sigma picture will be taken at 9:10 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. —DWIGHT.
Plan Orchestra
Tryouts Today
Tryouts for membership in the University orchestra will be held from 1 to 3 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building. Instrumentalists interested in forming such an organization met last night in the music room in University Hall to discuss possibilities of orchestral work and to arrange a schedule for the coming semester. Robert Phillips, soph omore chemical in the University from <Jak Pai^k, III., will ^nduct the orchestra. Phillips has ha*? slix years of Chicago symphonic experience.
The orchestra plans to play symphonic music on a small scale and also light concert music depending on the type of instruments available. The orchestra will be used for radio work, choral accompaniment, and outside engagements. Even though they have not attended last night’s meeting, all who are interested are invited by A, P. Stewart to try out sometime today.
The orchestra will be included in the musical organizations and under the supervision of Albert P. Stewart.
4-H Juniors Meet In West Side High
Junior 4-H Club leaders of Tippecanoe county will meet this evening at 7:46 o’cldek in the West Lafayette. High School. Short talks will be given by Prof. Charles Murphy, of the University history department; Mrs. Ruth Hamlin, teacher in the West Lafayette High School, and Lowell Hardin, jxmior 4-H Club leader from Henry county. Social activities will include infoigmal dancing to music furnished by the junior leadership orchestra, under the direction of Miss Frances Rae 0pp.
PIA Date Bureau wm Arrange Dunce Dates
All persons who wish to obtain date^ thtoqgh the P. I. A. date bureau for the dunce Friday night should see Wesley McElyea, Barbara Sweeney, or Peg Dimmick at the P. I. A. office. Phone calls and personal interviews should be made at the office after 4 o’clock, tintil tomorrow. No fees will be charged.
CUttord Jnsti Thiebaud, '14, died Sunday morning from, acute appendicitis in a hospital at Oklahoma City, Okla. He was a construction engineer and genel^al mUnageR of the Western Steel Erection Company. Thiebaud was born in Vevay, Ind., and was graduated from ihc school of cMl engiheering.
Memorial Services
Today In Union At 11
Plan Wreath^Laying Ceremony t Dr. PMUlpg To Speak ^ BaOd, ROTC Equipmem to Parade
l^is morning at 11 o^dock the entire University will cease all its regular activities in memory of the moment eighteen years ago when the Great IVar came to an end and in trihute to those who lost their lives in that war. Members of the Purdue Order of Military Merit will fire st
twenty-one gun salute on the
\
campus in front of and between the Library and the Memorial Union Building. At the same time a “Guard of Honor,” selected from members of Scabbard aiid Blade, will lay a wreath on the Roll of Honor in the central hall of the Memorial Union Building, and Jim Shoemaker, president of the
Student Union, Will read the roll of for the first three meetings of names of Purdue men who gave fh® Univereiiy chapter of Sigma Xi,
their lives in the war.
Dr. Robert Phillips, of the Uni- scheduled to take place daring the
versity department of history and two months.
economics, will deliver a short
speech about the war. The entire of the Fogg Art Museum, Harvard program will be broadcast over the University, will speak on **The Mod-
University radio station, WBAA. High Speed Equipment The University’s new high speed equipment will be featured in the annual Armistice Day parade starting at 10:45 this morning at Second and Main streets in Lafayette, and going east on Main to Tenth, south to Columbia, and west to First
street.
The color squad of the Lafayette American Legion post will lead the parade followed by the Purdue Military band and the R. O. T. C. equipment. The 113th regimental band and national guard equipment will come next and the parade will end with the Jefferson High School band and Legionaires in automobiles. Townspeople will be able to see the University groups on their way to and from the parade as they pass down State street. Classes will not be disini|sed for the occasion but the moment of feilence will be observed inwall classrooms at 11 a. m.
Tau Beta Pi Will Sponsor Tutoring
Tau Beta Pi, engineering honorary, IS again beginning its tutoring service for those students who wish to tutor and those who need extra help in their studies. Tutors are needed m the following subjects: mathematics, chemistry, English, physics, history, economics, government, modern langruages, applied mechanics, electrical, mechanical.
Those interested should fill out applications in the personnel office m the Engineering Administration Building as soon as possible. Lists of tutors will be available to all students early next week.
Lovell Has Prisoner’s
Education As Topic
A discussion oU the “Educational Program of Missouri Penal Institutions” will be given by Prof. C. L. Lovell, of the chemical engineering staff, at 7:30 p. m. today, in room B of the Memorial Union Building. Education of inmates previous to their coming to the prison, their training at the prison, and the prisoners’ reactions to such education, will be the subjects of Lovell’s talk.
1. U. Gridders Prepare To End Midway Series
Bloomington, Ihd., Nov. 10.—^Aniou3 to terminate its^ long gridiron Series against Chicago with a victory, the Indiana Utdversity team is working hard this week on polishing both offensive and defensive formations in preparation for Saturday's game on the Midway. After closing its home stand of the season with 4 hard-won victory over Syracuse, the. Hoosiers wexo handed a stiff assignment tor the week’s practice. Films of the intersectional game showed that Indiana again was guilty of sevwal lapses in carrying out assignments, and it is probable that there may ^ some dhanges in the lineup for Saturday’s game*
Plan Sigma Xi Meetings Society Wfll Hear HarvardManNov. 18
Arrangements have beencomplet-
honorary scientific society, that are
Dr. Edward W. Forbes, director
em Scientific Stndy Of The Condition Of Pictures” Wednesday, November 18. On Monday, November 30, the physics department will hold open house in order that the group may inspect the laboratories and the research now under progress Hiere. Dr. H. M. James will talk on “Progress In The Understanding Of Molecular Structure” at the same time. On Friday, December 11, Dr. Carl R. Moore, of the University of Chicago, will address the society on “The Endocrine System With Special Reference To The Biology Of
Sex.”
Dr. Elliott Announces Receipt Of Collection, Specimens, And Funds
Dr. E. C. Elliott has announced the receipt of several gifts recently, including a valuable cdUecidon of journals and reprints and maUy laboratory speeimen# owned by tiie late Dr. C. H. Alvey, assistant professor of parasitology in the biology department, who died last school ynar. The gifts also included many medical documents owned by late Dr. George L. Hoffman, of ^e 1911 class. Other gifts included $152.40 from the junior prom committee of last spring, to be added to the Junior Pr^ Loan Fnnd, and $5 from the Indiana Home Economies Association to be added to the loan fund of that organization. The Junior Piom loan fund now totals $649.21 and that of the home ec6-
n^'mics organization $208^9
Dr. Lewis To Speak On Paper Industry
Dr. H. F. Lewis, df^an of the Institute of Paper Chemistry, of Appleton, Wis., will present an address on “The Contribution Of The Physical Sciences To The Paper And Pulp Industry” before the November meeting of the Purdue section of the American Chemical Society in lecture room 106 of the Chemistry Building, tomon'ow at 7:30 p. m. The meeting will be preceded by a dinner in the Memorial Union Building at 6 p. m. Reservations for this dinner, at 60 cents per plate, must be in by 5 o’clock today.
Phi Pi Phi
James J. Dickstein, Chicago^ HI.; J. B. Moorman, IndianapoBs; Benny Malinoff, Juliet, were initiated into Phi Pi Phi fi-atemity Sundty^ November 8.
i ^
.'jf >¥■ I '/
/
i
3P»ir61'wo
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, November 11,1§.36
Polls—^And A Senate
Investigation
Only “Genial Jim” Farley predicted the election outcome with anything near perfect accuracy. The American institute of Public Opinion came fairly close, and perhaps might have been even closer had it been possible to take a vote more nearly at election time. But the Literary Digest failed to even approximate the results for the first time. The fault evidently lay with the poor selection of voters to be polled, as telephone books and license records were used in compiling the ten million names. The officials of the Digest were in all probability sincere in their belief in the accuracy of their poll, and can scarcely be accused of manipulating the figures when they had everything to gain by accurately forecast-
ing the election.
Now comes along Democratic Senator McKellar of Tennessee with the demand for a congressional investigation of the Digest poll. Congressional committees have investigated almost everything from A to Z, at public expense, but little has resulted in many instances. Senator Nye’s committee investigating the causes of our entry into the world war, an outstanding exception to the above generalization, stepped on some tender toes and was hushed up. But an absurd investigation such as that proposed by Senator McKellar might be just the thing Congress is looking for. The fact that the taxpayers will have to bear the expense of such a committee when and if it is formed, apparently does not enter into the learned Senator’s idea. It usually doesn’t, at least if nast indications have any value. McKellar declared, “Alter an election it is usual, customary, and proper for the winners to forgive and forget unseemly occurrences in a political campaign. I wish this could be done after the election just passed. However, the pre-election Literary Digest poll, while it was entirely discredited by the election, should not be overlooked, and measures should be taken to prevent such a perform-
ance from ever occurring again in a national
election.”
If the Senator really feels that the heat of pre-election days should be forgotten, why doesn’t he refrain from hypocrisy and forget them? On top of that, the evident sincerity with which the Digest poll was conducted and reported seems to make the honorable Senator out as either a sore-head or a fool
Hooray! The student directories are out at last. It looked for a while as if we weren’t going to have them this year, but now they are ready. If the thing keeps up at this rate, the 1937-38 directories might be out by Christmas next year, but it looks doubtful.
A Jugful Of Pranksters
$ur&ue exponent
Founded in 1883
1937
1936 Member
t^sociofed Cbile6iate Press
Distributors of
Cblle6ideDi6e$t
MEPRCSENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY
National Advertising Service, Inc.
OoUegg Publishers Representative
420 Madibon AVE. New York NY Chicago • boston - ban Francisco I.OS ANGELES - PORTLAND . SEATTLE
Entered as second elass matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. DeUvered by mail, $3 60 per year, delivered by carrier, S2.50 PCX year, sold by single copy, 2 cents. •
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Piftti Street Bnsmess Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
XdUot-in-Cbief Manaeins Editor dusBoeiate Editors
Cpoxta Editor AcMcfate SfiortB Editors
8POBTS STAFF
„ L. D. Wood
W. H. FMeld, 8. B. Griffiths,
B. F. Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF BlIiilMBB ^ Katlonal AdvertisInK Manager _ '' Local Advertising Manager Oirenlation Manager „
B. J. Hnlse L H. Brown - D. C. Miller J. P. Girard
Xditer Advortising Manager Aasoelate Editors
WOMEN'S STAFF — — — Helen Creech Betty Barnett Jeanne Janousek, Doris MsCartney, Elisabeth Fyke
Issue Editor—E. H. Kellogg
apace. Therefore, it would be a good idea for those of a humorous bent, those who want to blow off steam once in a while, to consider the consequences carefully before they go for a joy ride in a car whose owner is absent or try the lock of a filling station.—J. E. B.
Baby Dog
An eastern college recently conducted a “baby hunt”—an investigation to determine the youngest students in each class. Babies of 16 and 17 years were found in the lower classes while those of correspondingly greater age were found in the upper forms. This seems to be an interesting but purposeless idea. Chronological ages mean little in college. What really counts is the mental age of the student, the maturity of his attitude. What would seem more to the point would be to conduct a “baby hunt” to deters mine the most babyish individuals on the
campus.
There would be enough material from which to choose. Chalk throwing seniors would be reminded that they were not yet too old to wear baby clothes. Juniors who go to school to wisecrack rather than to learn would be awarded teething rings. Sophomores with an I-own-the-place complex would be given a toy box in which to keep their own personal belongings. And the freshmen would come into their own as the most mature acting group on the campus.—J. E. B.
The following was received in my Union box collection: “I hereby declare myself responsible for all debts contracted by Margaret Nelson, dating from November 8th, at 10 o’clock. “Bill Garten.” (Ed’s note) Boy when a guy puts out his pin and goes about it in this manner he means business . . .
Who’ll Have A Senior Position ?
Reports from this and other universities indicate that college students are forgetting that they are citizens of the community in which they live and are subject to its laws. An epidemic of pranks of a serious nature this and last week has placed more than a few students all over the country upon the mercy of local courts. College students have always been noted for their mischievousness. Psychologists and humanitarians have laughed at their pranks and commended them for the spirit of youth they contain. Certainly, a lot of fun is necessary to lessen the tedium of college work. Admittedly, practical jokes do much in building the character of the joker and especially of the jgkee. However, it is very easy to carry things too far. The audacity of a prank is unfortunately considered a criterion of its effectiveness. Infractions of the law have become frequent as a result of this—and punishments have kept
■■•aiiMr »f National Collcse Proas Association, Bir Ton Editorial Asaodation
EDITOBIAL STAFF - W, T. Hunt El. H. Morris K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, B. P. Manlon, 0. L. Sadler
There probably is little point in getting serious about this thing. Seniors are apathetic; underclassmen aren’t concerned. The truth, bluntly, is that the majority of senior positions, once political plums carrying either legitimate or non-legitimate remuneration, have coasted downhill in the estimation of the student body. There is little glory in being publicized as the chairman of a tree planting or peace pipe committee that exists for no apparent reason unless it be to inject a little humor into the seriousness of Commencement. Consider man student A. He has ninety-four merit points—^too low a number for senior president or Siwash chairman, too high a figure to secure a position on even the Siwash or Invitations committee. (These carry certain definite returns for effort expended.) He is doomed to the chairmanship of what once may have been honored committees; but which now merely represent fast dying traditions. Student A. surveying the situation, finds he can expect no monetary rewards; the wildest stretch of his imagination hardly can make him assure himself that, by puffing a pipe or digging a hole, he is performing a service of intrinsic worth to the University. Is there any impetus for him to file? It would seem not. We do not believe, shout as they may, that University authorities will get seniors greatly excited in regard to the perpetuation of senior class traditions. Students today are inclined too much to the practical. What might help would be a revision of the merit rating system placing all remunerative positions immediately below the office of class president, with the minor chairmanships, if they must be continued, given to those farther down the list.— Indiana Daily Student.
Tbe Alpha Cbis were tbe ebamps for tbe week-end—they only got three pins—the latest being those of a couple of Delt fishes, namely PECK and MURPHY, who pinned Alpha Chis HUBLER and GRAVE respectively—the Alpha Chis are going into love on a paying basis— you know after the romance is over one can always hock the pin....
Grade school is out for there’s perky little Hazel in the Sweet-Shop ■she teaches school at eight, SweetShops at twelve, teaches again at one and Sweet-Shops again at thiee.
Theta “Subtle” JEAN DAVIS is back in town again—she is going to business college over in town—she is free, white, and twenty-one and the Thetas will tell you her telephone number upon request—the date line will form some future Saturday from that Saturday. . . .
The Pi Phis and Chi Os are losing their grip, for they didn’t even get one pin over this week-end of pin pushing—there isn’t much use dating them boys, for they’re either cold or indifferent....
Bold Spot
In the great European game of politics two of the major nations have just made moves which drew them closer together. Italy and Great Britain are the players. Mussolini made a speech in Milan last week in which he made a direct bid to Great Britain, leaving France, an old ally, out of the picture. British and Italian interests in the Mediterranean are similar, he asserted, and a conflict between the two countries is unthinkable. That was Italy’s bid. In digesting this little move, it must be remembered that Italy’s new colony lies beyond the Suez canal. Each time a shipment passes to or from Ethiopia a tidy little sum is dropped in English coffers. Great Britain’s move came in the form*of signing a commercial accord between the two nations and in her decision to withdraw her legation from Addis Ababa. This commercial agreement will reopen trade relations Nov. 16. These relations have been severed for more than a year as Great Britain applied its sanction against Italy in reprisal for the Ethiopian war. The value of this commercial treaty in the political field was stressed in an article recently, generally credited to II Duce and published in II Popolo d’ltalia of Milan. Both nations are eager it seems for a closing of the gap between the countries. —^The Daily niini.
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Govemment. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honor ary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. i
PEGGY GRAM, who BOB HUGHES brought to school so he could be nearer to her is now farther away than ever—^the only time he can get dates with her is when no one else will take her to Sunday night dinner....
Dear Cary: We, as admirers of your tastes, think that you ought to change brands of lipstick. Your boy friend with whom you entered the Sweet Shop Monday night about nine had your old brand smeared all over his face. Tattoo and kissproof are both good brands. . . . Signed Silent Admirer.
Seen on the campus: The Third Regiment goes to the Armory according to the speeler m front of Eliza Fowler . . . students looking ai the Debris advertisement
Come to the Hub for real values in Suits,
Top Coats, Overcoats
and Furnishings.
The Hub
ADULT DANCING CLASSES OPEN
BEGINNER’S
Wed., Nov. 11, 7:30 P. M.
Waitz and Fax Trot
Phone 2160
ADVANCED
Friday, Nov. 13, 7:30 P. M.
latest Dances Taught
ALLEN’S
6th & Perry
■Al R/ Cy
LAST TIMES TODAY
WILL ROGEBS
“IN OLD KENTUCKY” — also — LORETTA YOUNG FRANCHOT TONE “UNGUARDED HOUR” 15c Double Feature 15c
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Go right ahead—^he’s a heavy sleeper!”
postor on the Union bulletin board . the Military Ball backdrop coming down . . BETTY STEWART and DOTTY MARTENET carrying a couple of oversized palm plants . McCartney and mcqueen taking m the MARS . . . Freshmen getting their first taste of playing with the French 75s .. . Seniors finishing up then Military History repoits for Colonel Brewei . . . HOKANSON trying to scare the wits out of the general student body with his pet Ford . . . PAUL SEBRING and ROBERT WILSON talking about their proposed communication code . . . JEAN HANLEY driving along State Street in her car . . . JOE RUSH, roving around the Sweet Shop .
LAST TIMES TODAY
t DOUBLE FEATUReH
WARNER OLAND
“Charlie Chan at the Race Track’ — and — “I Stand Condemned”
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday JACK HALEY
“Mr. Cinderella” — and — RALPH BELLAMY
‘Wild Brian Kent’
III A IN I mm m
■■ Last Times Today ■■■J [An AlUAmerican Team Goes Into ACTXON!
Debris Group Pictures
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11 7 30—Cosmopolitan 7 40—^Forestry 7 60—W. A A 8 00—Sports Women 8 10—Y W C A 8 20—Alpha Phi Omega. 8 30—^Tau Beta Pi 8 40—Kappa Psi 8 50—Scabbaid and Blade 9 00—Student Union 9 10—Pi Tau Sigma
Complete Assortment of YELLO BOLE PIPES AT DEAC’S
IN GIFT BOX
We carry a full line of YELLO BOLE PIPES SOUTHWORTH’S
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday DORIS NOLAN MICHAEL WHALEN
The Man I Marry”
LUMA
LAST TIMES TODAY
PIGSKIN PARADF
WITH STUART ERWII iJOHNNY DOWNS ARLINE JUDQE BETTY QRABLE PATSY KELLY JACK HALEY
MUSICAL •11938
Tomorrow
Friday - Saturday ROBERT YOUNG
“The Longest Night”
— and —
GUY KIBBEE “The Captain’s Bid”Wednesday, Novettiber 11,1936
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Squad Leaves Tomorrow
Journey To Iowa For Fourty Big Ten Battle
Leaving tomprrow evening on its last trip, the Purdue varsity football squad will journey to loWa City to tackle the Hawkeyes in the Boilermakers’ fourth conference game. This week Kizer has been trying to get his team back into good physical condition. No new injuries were incurred in the Fordham game, but the old ones were aggravated and most of the fellows have bumps and bruises that tend to slow them down. ^ Flying Ttip To Game A chance for a few of the staunch Boilermaker football fans to see the Iowa game is being given by Capt. Aretz, of the Purdue University Airport. He has room for seven people in his trimotor, and the plan is to leave for Iowa about seven Saturday morning from the. airport. The price for the round trip is $20.00 a person.
Horvatis Leads Field
In Fast Freshman
Cross-Country Meet
Horvatis won the freshman numeral with the exceptional time of 12 minutes and 24 seconds. The first seven men will in all probability receive numerals. These probable numeral winners .were very close in their finish. The results are as follows: Horvatis, 1st; Bunger, 2nd; Gardner, 3rd; Hotchkiss, 4th; Stark, 6th; Kochlas, 6th; Fuller, 7th; Gouckenour, 8th; Pease, 9th; Denzler, 10th; and Hartman, 11th. Numerals will be awarded after the close of the football season when the athletic board meets.
FILTER-COOLED MEDICO
SOMEIHINO WONDBtm GOES ON INSIDE: •
✓ This timple appeal^ ing yet amasing k abwrbcBt filter iii.> vention with Cello* phane exterior and cooling meeh screen inieriorkeepajnioea andflakesinFilter and ont of month. Prevents tongno
nNEsr BRIAR MONEY CAN BUY lEWB Of WtOE
wet heel, ba( odor, fre^ent letoration. reeking in.Iniptovea thetasteand aromaofaBY tobacco.
THE ONLY PATENTED “CELLOPHANE’'- SEALED FILTER-IT REALLY FILTERS
We Carry a Full Line of FRANK MEDICO PIPES , Deac” H. G. REISNER
Nears is hted?
Our method of examination considers not only the distant vision, but most important of all—^the actual cause.
Efforts are directed toward control of the cause of the nearsightedness, thereby eliminating the necessity of changing to stronger lenses each time your eyes are examined.'
Dr.A.Eni,Jr.
OPTOMETRIST S07 Main Stinel
ARB YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
Ossie M. Solem, Iowa’s head football coach, is serving his fifth year at Iowa. He first became known at the University of Minnesota where he was a star end and tackle. In his 19 years of coaching experience previous to this year he has won 68, lost 53, and tied six games. Solem started coaching at Iowa in 1932, after being at Drake for 11 years. In 1934 he was made director of athletics at Iowa.
FRESHMAN TENNIS
Today, 4:15 o’clock Coopec vs. Schrader. Hebbler vs. Fuente.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Ballroom Dancing Class for Beginners opens Wednesday, Nov. 11, at Allen’s.
Advanced Ballroom Dancing Class opens Friday, Nov. 13, at Allen’s.
Roommate Wanted—Single bed, 360 Sylvia. Phone 46081.
For Rent—Double room in private home. Phone 75644.
Bought—^From the Telford estate here in town last week: beautiful china, old glass, brass, copper, pewter, silver, etc., thirfgs that will make lovely Christmas gifts. See them at Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. 5th street.
Very Desirable Front Room—^for two men, students preferred. 128 Wiggins Street. Phone 7471.
Wanted—^Ride to New York for Christmas holidays. Call 46891.
Lost—White gold wrist watch. Initials J. D. C. on back. Reward. Call 5031.
For Rent—Single or double room in clean, modern home. Phone 6282,
Lo^t—Black leather lumberjacket on Intramural Field Tuesday, Find ef please return to SPE house. See Kettle. Reward. /
YOU
WIN
WHEN THEY TIE
Wear a Botany Tie to your next footboU gome ... and get a new one free... if the game ends in a tie score.
SEE YOUR FOOTBAU PROORAM
You d«Al*i kM Boriny WrinkU-Prooi Tiei
BOTANY WORSTED MELS, PASSAIC,
•I I SA1C,N.J.|
We Coory BOTANY TIES LOEB&HENE 323-329 Columbia SL
BOTANY TIES Henry Rosenthal Co. 322 Mcdn SL' Lafayette
Buy Your lU Tickets; Less Than 4,000 Left
Students who have friends or relatives. coming down for the Indiana game on November 21 should order their tickets immediately. Less than 4,000 tickets are left for the game, most of these being on the curve. ^ As Indiana and Purdue are rated about even this year, the game promises to be one of the hardest fought games of this series in recent years.
NOTICES
No notIcM McapiMl aflw < |h m.
Playshop Pnblicity—^All those who wish to work on the publicity Staff, report to the
Playshop office November 11, at 4 o’clock. —KALLIS. Ensrlish 1—^Make-up examination in grammar November 12 at 4 p. m. and 6 p. m. for those who cannot come at 4. Consult your instructor, past or present for room assignment. —WYKOFF.
Art Club—^Work room now open for use in the new Union workroom under the ballroom. —McUEOD
Cosmopolitan Club—^The Debris picture is to 'be taken November 11, at 7:15 p. m. Members are to be 'there at 7:16. —FUTOOHEK
Independent Campaignera—All member ship books must be turned in by 6 o’clock November 11, —PARKHURST.
W. Au A. Leaders—Sign up in Women’s Gym if yon are going to W. A. A. cabin November 14, from 2 to 5 o’clock. —HALSTEAD,
Virginia C. Meredith Club—Meeting November 13, at 4 p. m., in the Home Economics Building. —MURPHY.
Dairy Club—No meeting this week. —SCHLOSSER.
Alpha Phi Omega—^Very importont meeting November 11 at 7:80 p. m. in the reception room of the UnioV Building. Debris picture •will be made. —KUEOK,
Armistice Day Dinner—Reservations may be made for the 6 o’clock dinner at which T. K. Ness and Major Kurtz will speak by calling the Wesley Foundation before 1 p, m. November 11. The price is 40 cents. —McFADDEN.
Music Room—The scheduled evening program will not be given November 11. —WIEGANDT, PUTZE.
Sophomore Debate Managers—Meet in the Union delate office at 4 p. m. November 11. —PERRY.
Discussion Group—^Meeting November^ 11 at 7:80 p. m. in the Memorial Union Building. The subject will be “Personal Philosophy.” —KUEHN.
A. S. M. E. Sophomorea—All who desire to work for A. S. M. E. report to me in the computing room of the Mechanical Building at 4 p. m. November 11. —^WOLVBR'TON.
A. 1. E. E.—Senior electricals please read notice on bulletin board, —WIRTH.
Tan Beta Pi—^Pledge themes and bents are due Friday, November 20. ■ —WIRTH,
Purdue Engineer—All subscribers to the Purdue En^neer who have not receiv^ the October issue may receive their copies by calling the Engineer office at the Union between 4 and 6 p. m. —JONES.
Egg And Chick Show—Ag freshmen interested come to Poultry Club meeting November 12 at 7:30 in the Poultry Building. —SCHNETZLER.
Poultry Club—Meeting November 12 at 7:30 p. m. in the Poultry Building. Egg and Chick show committee 'will be 'rieoted at this meeting. —THIE
Union Thanksgiving Show—Will my chorus meet in ballroom November 11 at 4 p. m —BOU.ER,
Union Workers—Important meeting of our committees in Union' office, November 11 at 4 p. m. _ —HTALLunGS, PEEKINo.
Union—Our committees will meet in the Union at 4 p. m. Very important. -PERKINS, MYTINGER.
Union—Our committees 'will meet in the Union workshop at 4 o'clock. —SHEETS. REID.
Newman Club—^Regular open meeting in Union November 11 at 4 p. m. Ask at desk for room of the meeting. —CARTON.
W. A. A. Biflery—Practices: 6:45, Kappa Kappa Gamma; 7 ;80, Alpha Chi Omega; 8:16-9, makeup practice. , —RITCHIE.
Alpha Zeta—^Meeting November 11 at 7:30 p. m. in lobby of the Memorial Union Building. —DOUD.
Playshmn—^Business committeg;/ report to Playshop office November 11 at 4 p. m. —RUSSELL.
Phi LambdA Upsilon—Informal initiation will be held November 18 In Chemistry room 820 at 7 p. m. instead of 8 p. m. Pledges be certain to bring themes, keys, and chocolate drops. Arrangement for payment of initiation fee should be made before initiation.^ —FLEFPBR/
Independents—Tune shop rehearsal November 11 at 7 p. m. in tower room. —WHITE,
Independents—Skit shop rriiearsal November 11 at 6:46 p. m. in ballroom. Any member who is absent from this rehearsal or from the perfoymance at the party November 11 without a satisfaetory excuse to me will be ineligible for any honors presented by the o^anisation or for further pa^eipatlon Itf tihoHt aettvUieB. ■ —WHITE.
W. A. A. Hoekey—Sophomore Browns vs. Freshman Oranges. Sophomore Whites vs. Juniors at 4 o’clock. —THOMPSON.
W. A. A. Archery—Tourney at 4-Novem-—BOBSHM.
Tan Beta PI—^Bowling at 6 :S0, pledged vs. actives. Free. Actives meet faculty November 18. —WIRTH.
Tan Beta Pi—^Debris picture November 11 at 8:80 in tower room. —KEENAN.
Gimlet—Meeting at 7 p. m- November 11 in the Memorial Union Bt^Ming: Actives and pledges be preeenL -r-HODGDON.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
'ielder’s.,.. ....choice .By Bob Walpole—
And did you notice that we hit all of our guesses on Saturday? 7 7777 . However, 4lie Boilermakers were taken in no mean fashion by those hard-driving, powerful Rams from Fordham ... it is somewhat of a toss-up now as to whether it will be Fordham or Alabama’s Crimson Tide that will represent the eastern half of the nation in the annual Rose Bowl Game.... —fc-^ ,
We wouldn’t mind missing all of our guesses if we could talk of Purdue’s victories on Tuesday morning, but no excuses. . . . Fordham beat Purdue, and the Boilermaker eleven can take it ... no cries,' no hollars. . . . —fc—
This may or may , not apply to the general line of athletic activity, but if it hadn’t been for the PurdueFordham game it never would have occured ... we only heard , . . —fo—
WIOA Discuss
Rule Changes
Lambert, Moore, Masters Give Talks
The Western Indiana Officials Association held its annual role elinie last night in ihe Jefferson High School gymnasium. Ward Lambert, of Purdue, was the principal speaker; his topic was offensive formations. Doxie Moore, West Side coach, spoke on the positions and duties.^ of the officials in a basketball game, and Abe Masters, of Jefferson, discussed the new rules and changes, using the Bronchos to demonstrate them. The affair was closed by a brief scrimmage between the first and second teams of Jefferson High School.
SOPHOMORE TENNIS
Today, 4:15 o’clock
Omiting some of the grim details ... and names ... a number of Boilermaker students attended the game, and following the encounter, along with several members of the team, dropped into one of New York’s famous night spots, where Benny Goodman and swing band are playing . . . someone requested “Hail Purdue,” but friend Benny chose to wait a while . . . following a second request later in the evening, Benny didn’t know the piece and neither did the rest of the boys. —^fc— If Goodman’s band hadn’t been on the campus last spring for Junior Prom, he, Benny, might have gotten away with such talk, but the boys just wouldn’t believe him ... the party went sky high when one of the Purdue fellows took over the direction of the band and another played the melody of “Hail Purdue” on a borrowed first trumpet with the remainder of the band joining in,.. everyone had a grand time, but Benny Goodman ... he is still mad ..,
Windecker vs. Taylor. Lownie vs. Winter. Oyler vs. Magnnssen. Delaplane vs. Frazier. Tabshey vs. Demer. Foxworthy vs. Rush. Waid vs. Hirchert,
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS
Today, 4:15 o’clock Blessing vs. Alexander.
DAD’S DAY TICKETS
Dad’s Day ducats will be on sale Wednesday, November 11, at 4 p. m., at a special desk in the Union lobby. As there are only three hundred tickets in the block, there will be a limit of three per customer, no reservations made, and only cash sales.
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
m you would have it cooked
Cooked right, by cooks who use only quality ingredients, and are able to give food a taste like mother’s.
eteua.
• •
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE
Purdue Memorial Union
Corner qf Campus,,, Center ttfJetipityi
Badgers Prepare For Remaming Tilts
Fired by their miexpeete^y Ibn showing against Nofrtimmtere, Wisconsin’s football sqna4 janqied into preparation for their next Wo battles with Cincinnati and Minnesota. Wisconsin realizes tibat the odds are heavily agi^Witt them; but basing their hopes on the surprising attack they unleashed against the Wildcats last Satarday, they see a chance to tom hack Cmehmatfs team, which is built around "Brutus’* Gant, giant Negro baekfiOId ace; and to make a creditable showing against the Galloping Gophers. In the Northwestern game, Wisconsin threw 30 passes, and completed 18 for a gam of 185 yards. They led their conqueror in total yardage gained, 297 to ff70. As the result of this superior showing against the Wildcats, interest in Wisconsin’s remaining Big Ten contest, with Minnesota, has taken a brisk upward curve, according to Harry Schwenker, directqpr of ticket sales.
SOFTBALL
Today, 4:15 Pronipt
4- 4-
Diamond 16—^Ward 16 vs. Ward 11 or 7X. Official,
Coetf.
16— ^Delta Upsilon vs. Loser (Phi Gamma Delta 'VB. Sigma Chi>. Official, Gillis. 17— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Phi Delta 'Theta. Official, BartUng.
COUEGEGOIOIIS 10^
• * «Wi4l(MMiaaidft white paraffin ' WH^pea CKnaatlnaf'Edeawentlk Wa aaaha thia amazing ager of n'fLM Kngliab Tnpe Folding in Rep Clotlk arith Rubbetfiiadl tln«s foe only and ana vFiappca Jnat ta pecimada yam «a i«y Rdgavaarik Jhr. Buy a tba at Rdsasmatb ^ tadiqr. IMta auk tnatda wnappea^ SmdtbawYappwandyanadttnaa taeetbM wttb Brit awnwut Can writa yawr nmmih aailega and addiwaa an Um wrawiiw^aud ■ wa wlB tend yauf lll(8«»» iMa* ntadtataly% Only ana tnai.
WBBIM. W'iiJk
I U«mdR»a.<1ai,Btohiaand,Ya. a I Kaelwad Sad IS# ant ana bnliia wklm f I piHwBniiwypeabamadaaCKdlBow^iwrtb | i JNinfiivwblcbMadaiaftlJMlitah^aUb f I tabawa paaob haaiy aallifa aabwn, I I
I
I
Addtaia.
•Jim
I emuMB.
I ~ Oflagaaidlia aab dtdipia'
Mf rwf;
’■f
> caII '' ”
■rsfsbI ‘
> '
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday. November 11.1936
Page Editors—Mary Cooley and Jane Hall
Mrs. Hazel Richards
K
Visits Mortar Board Making Inspection Tour Of Middle Western Chapters; Honored At Numerous Dinners Mrs. Hazel Richards, national editor of the Mortar Board Quarterly, who has been visiting the University chapter since Sunday, will leave this morning at 9 o’clock. Mrs. Richards, representing the national office of the senior co-ed honorary, is making an inspection of all the Mortar Board chapters in the
middle western universities. After her arrival Sunday afternoon, Mrs. Richards was accompanied to President E. C. Elliott’s tea and to the tea at the Kappa Alpha Theta house by members of the local chapter. Sunday evening Dean Dorothy Stratton entertained the guest, active members of the local chapter, and the faculty advisol^, Miss Elizabeth Mitchell, Miss Laura Partch, and Miss Helen Schleman, at a buffet
supper at her home.
WRH Dinner
Monday afternoon, Mrs. Richards met with the actives to discuss plans for the year and the society’s activities. After the meeting Mrs. Richards, the faculty advisors, and the co-eds had dinner at the Residence Hall following which the faculty advisors and Mrs. Richards had a con-
ference.
At dinner yesterday Mrs. Richards was entertained by the members of Chi Omega sorority and to climax her visit Mrs. Richards attended the activities banquet last
night.
Active Members The active members of Mortar Board are Jean Adkins, president; Betty Arnold, president of W. A. A.; Ruth Copeland, president of W. S. G. A.; Helen Creech, co-ed editor of the Exponent; Irene Feldt, chairman of W. S. -G. A. judicial board; Patricia Jones, president of Y. W. C. A.; and Jeanette Scudder, president of Gold Peppers.
300 TICKETS $1.00 1,000 for $2 Other Printing Priced Low KANE’S PRINT SHOP 401 S. 29th Phone 5205
“Profession Is Safeguard,” Says PhiUips Contrasts Training Of American And Euro-
pean Children
“A profession is the greatest safeguard in the world to you,” said Miss Lena Madesin Phillips, guest speaker at the activities banquet, in an informal address to the co-eds assembled in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building last night. Miss Phillips, internationallyknown figure in the fields of law and journalism, was introduced by Patricia Jones, president of Y. W. C. A., as Ruth Copeland acted as toast-
mistress of the evening. Emphasizes Training
Miss Phillips stressed the idea that the University should be a better place because each student had attended. Charm, character, unselfishness, culture, and enrichment of mind and spirit will matter in later life, not material gam. She spoke with emphasis of the training of the youth of Italy, Germany, and Russia as contrasted to that of Ameri-
can youth.
Leaders Introduced Leaders of the various campus activities were introduced by Betty Arnold, president of W. A. A. Betty Ann Stewart, social chairman of W. S. G. A., was general chairman of the banquet with the social chairmen of W. A. A. and Y. W. C. A., Margaret Jones and Sara Alice McIntosh, respectively, assisting her. The ticket chairman was Betty
Klein.
Internationally Famous Lecturer Speaks Before Interested Co-eds
From a little town of 3,000 people, Lena Madesin Phillips has grown from a girl who went to a college and a university, who thought vaguely of teaching music or marrying, who had beaux and proposals, into an internationally known leader of women. Achieving honors in women’s organizations, she is the present president of the International Federation of Business and Professional Women. Tall, her strong-featured face framed by white hair in an unusual coiffure, Miss Phillips attracted her co-ed audience during her talk last evening. At the conclusion of the banquet, many of her listeners came to her to thank, compliment or praise her, or to obtain her autograph. Personality Miss Phillips greeted each girl with a firm hand-clasp, a personal refei;ence, and a cordial smile. Not all her hearers realized they were listening to a woman who had spoken to gatherings in 21 European countries and to groups in almost every state in the United States; who has visited with famous personages the world over.
Speaking of Germany and Hirer’s dictatorship, iniss Phillips declared that Hitler was, excluding Dr. Einstein, the most fascinating man she had ever met, even though she did not approve of all he did. The fact that he kissed her hand at the close of their interview she regarded as a charming continental gesture, however. Attorney By Professon By profession an attorney—she gained her bachelor of law at Kentucky University, and her master’s degree at the University of New York—Miss Phillips is an associate editor of the Pictorial Review. This position takes much of her time at present. Widely sought as a lecturer because of her cosmopolitan experience, her knowledge of what women are accomplishing today, and her personal charm, she delighted University co-eds. All were entranced by her suggestion that for each of the co-eds there was a thrilling, rich and varied life ahead, made deeper by her years at the University.
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. R|8K 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
Co-eds To Model In. Fashion Show Today In Union “The Girl Of Today” will be the subject of a lecture presented in conjunction with a fashion show by Mrs. Louise Huston tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the Home Economics Auditorium. Mrs. Huston, whose appearance is being sponsored by the Virginia C. Meredith Club, is the director of the Educational Service Bureau of the American Bemberg Corporation, New York City. Wedding Parade The program will consist of some forty collegiate dresses modeled by members of the Virginia C. Meredith Club. Children’s styles will be shown by three-year-olds from the
Nursery School. The collegiate group includes sports wear, evening gowns, and beach wear. A wedding group will be one of the features of the show. Some of the styles included in the different groups have been featured in Harper’s Bazaar and the New Yorker. Models Co-ed models are: Virginia Beck, Treva Berry, Barbara Gibbs, Dixie Gist, Mildred Goff, Althea Jorgeson, Pat Killam, Marjorie Krull, Elizabeth Maier, Edith Martin, Martha Norman, Margaret Richey, Georgianne Schulberg, Betty Simpson, Betty Spilman, and Betty Wi-en. Miss Constance Hastie, assistant to Professor Schantz-Hansen, will aid Mrs. Huston. Estella Dix and Mildred Mills are the co-ed directors of the event and the music for the show will be furnished by Mildred
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
Wod Plaid Mackinaw Coats
To Look Well Groomed
Being well groomed is an asset to everyone. 'To be well groomed you must have clean clothes in good condition. This is where we enter the picture . . . Since we are specialists in claning clothes and sewing up those minor rips and tears.
West Side Cleaners WE CALL FOR AND DELIVER 222 North Phone 4081
Barbara Gibbs Wins Lodde Speech Contest Sara Schaaf, Mary Johnston Give Kappas Permanent Possession Of Lodde Cup Barbara Gibbs, sophomore home economics student, Was awarded a desk plaque for placing first in the Lodde speech contest in the finals held in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building last night* The winner had as her subject Purdue Manners.
Rhodes. All Purdue co-eds and the Home Economics Clubs of Jefferson and West Side High Schools are privileged to attehd the lecture and fashion show.
Archers Participate in Double Columbia Rounds Nearly a dozen archery enthusiasts began shooting off the double Columbia round tournament yesterday. Irene Boehm, chairman of the W. A. A. archery committee, announces that the tournament will be under way from 4 to 5 o’clock each afternoon.
Dr. Healy To Instruct Co-eds In First Aid All co-eds of campcraft course must attend at least two cabin meetings as well as Dr. Claire Healy’s instructions in first aid, November 14, at 7:30 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium. Dr. Healy will demonstrate her talk stressing first aid
Sara Schaaf won second place with her speech on Sorority Rush, and Mary Johnston, whose subject was In Defense Of Movies, won third place. The second and third place winners, representing Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority, won permanent possession of the Lodde cup foT having accumulated the greatest number of points for the third year. The plaqde and cup were donated by the sponsors, Lodde Jewelry Company, of Lafayette. The judges were Miss Clare Coolidge, Mrs. T. R. Johnston, Dr. Harriett O’Shea, H. G. Reisner, M. D. Stears. Jean Small, co-ed debate chairmah, was in charge of the meeting.
needs of W. A* A. cabin leaders. Any co-ed may enter the course if she fulfills the requirements. Members of the groups will be classified according to ability following an examination over the material covered. The next meeting will be held iii the Gym Saturday afternoon.
Tou donj need binoculars to find
ervice
The reputation for the highest degree of accuracy in automotive repairs is most carefully guarded here. It is a reputation built on years of precise service and exacting care. Not only may you have utmost confidence in the fine, reliable quality of every part purchased hete, but you may have complete assurance that it will be fitted right in yoUr car.
Peter Anderson
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama Phone 4048