r 'i
Edif'oriaf: Read Editor's 'Viewpoints On 'Union Now'With Great Britain
Sport*: Riveter ' I To Play Host For^fnd'ro^ Intercollegiate Cdnt^f
Ettablishsd 1889
Daily Since 190fi
Volume 53, No. 144
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, March tS,
Athlete Of Year
VotihgToClose Next Saturday
Students To Nominate Best Man In Any Sport
Col. Leiber Soloists Will Highlight To Address Sunday Music Convo
Foresters
Balloting for the “Athlete of the Year” award will close on Saturdfty, March 21, and the winners will be announced duidng the week of March 22. Students Nominate Athlete Student nominations will be the basis fey’ final determination of the best and the second best athlete of the year according to the Exponent plah. The final selection of the “Athlete of the Year” and runner-up will be made by a representative board consisting of the Exponent sepior board; president of the Senatfe; pfesidpnt of the Union; Debris Editor; Activities Bureau executive; presidents of the Gimlet, Gold Pepper apd Reamer Clubs; Red Mackey, athletic director; Dr. J. A. Estey, chairman of the faculty committee on athletics; Bob Woodworth, athletic publicity director; the president of the Purdue Athletic Council; president of Skull and Crescent and three members of the coaching staff to be named by the athletic director. All nominees will be given careful and just consideration and the outcome will be greatly determined by the number of nominations for each person at the discretion of the board. The decision will not he af- ■ fected by sport or the class standing in the Unive3’sity of the individuals. Receive Engraved Award.s The winners will receive suitably cngrhved awards and a plaque will be placed in the Groat Hall of the Union which will bear the names of each year’s lucky pair. The Expo--nent by donating this award hopes to honor the two Boilermaker athIfctcs who are most noticeably proficient in the field of athletics and who show' the be.st competilive spirit and sporlsinnnship. A slip of paper will .sullice to make a nomination for the award. All ballots should l)e addres.sed to Exponent Sports Editor, Phil .Johnson, or 'they may al.so be left in .John.son’s box in tlie Exponent office or at the West Desk of tlie Union.
Out'sf'aridmg Senior To Receive Award Tonight At Banquet
War Council Program Features Local Talent
Ch@ms and Mets
Col. Richard Leiber, ehaii\man of the national conference on state parks, will speak at the thirteenth annual Foresters’ Banquet, sponsored by the Forestry Club and Xi Sigma Pi, at 6 this evening in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. Lieber was Indiana’s first Commissioner of Conservation before his appointment to the national conference on state parks. He will speak on “The United States as the Abode of Living Things” and will discuss how land, water, minerals and forests came about and gave America opportunities in days of peace as well as war. Outstanding Senior The annual senior award will be presented to the outstanding senior of the year. The award is a hand compass presented by the K & E instrument company and is engraved with the senior’s Jiaipe. The freshman summer camp award will also be presented to the outstanding student at last summer’s camp. This award is an axe inscribed with the name of the receiver and i.s present-. cd annually l^y Xi Sigma Pi, national forestry honoraiy fratei'nity. A conference will be lield this afternoon at 2 in the auditorium of the Horticulture Building. Tliis is the first conference of its kind to lie held on campus. Many fore.sters and conservationists from throughout the state are expected to attend, according to Larry Schneider, president of the forestry Club. Forestry And Conservation Talks The arternoon conference program w'ill include talk.s on various phases t)f forestry ami conservation by members of the senior ejass. The s))cakers will include Carl Hoelser, Don Grant, Wesley Wallace and Leslie Glasgow. Walter McCullough will be in charge of the afternoon sessions .The program will also include two movies fiom the Douglas Fir Plywood Association. The afternoon session is fiee and oiien to tlie general public. The ban-
Members of the University musical organizations who have acted as soloists at special musical programs on the campus and on concert trips conducted throughout the year will be featured on the program of the musical convocation sponsored by Student War Council to be held next Sunday afternoon at 3 p.m. in the Music Hall. The Glee Club Quartet composed of Marvin Smith, Ray Friend, Jim Chase and Joe Richards with David Simpson as accompanist will sing a group of four-part harmony number’s and several “Barbershop Tunes” for which they are well known. Marvin Smith, leading vocalist of the Men’s Glee Club, Concert Choir, and the large University Choir dur-
ing the last four years will sing several numbers. Smith plans to join the Air Corps after graduating in
May.
Arthur Jacklin of West Lafayette will play several numbers on the piano of both classical and modern types. Jacklin recently transferred to the University from DePauw where he was enrolled in tlic school of music.
Interfraternity Discussion Finals Will Begin Tonight
Bureau Will Choose ^’Qht Contestants To Debate
William Kennedy, freshman in the engineering school from Indianapolis, who has been doing, baritone solo work with the concert choir and glee club will sing several selections. A marimba trio consisting of Barbara Hcide, Betty Marriott and Doris Hamilton will be featured on the program ,gnd Alberta Schmadcl, senior'yin home economics and soloist with the Concert Choir will sing several numbers. This convocation is another in a scries of musical convocations being sponsored by the Student War Council. There will be no admission charge.
New Junior, Senior Officers Tomorrow
Over Good Neighbor Policy
Applicants' Petitions Due Before Election
Interfraternity discussion tournament finals will be held tonight in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union at 7:30. The contestants will summarize all the previously discussed phases — of the topic “How Can We Best
Eight University Students Will Compete In Extempore-Discussion Tomorrow At 1
Eight University students will compete against representatives from variou.s other .state schools in the National Extempore-Discussion Contest which will take place tomoj’row at 1:00 !>. m. in rooms JOJ, .‘{O'), ;!05, and ;i07 of the Union. The general .subject to be discussed in the Jii’st roundtable of the eontb.st is “How Can We Best Implement the Good Neighijor Policy‘1” 'In other woi’dh, what are the best ways to projnote coopeiation and friendship among the Pan-American nations. Discussion Oj» WBAA At 4:00 p. 111., after the individual speeches have heeii conducted, the contestaiils will as.’-emlde in the Music Hall and fiom 4:80 to 5:00 p. ni. to give a group discu,,sion ovci' WBAA. At 7:80 in the evening, the foium iiartieipanls will speak in Eliza J'kiwler Hall. Ernest Wrage, (Jlarenee 'Peter.s, and Max Fuller, .all members of tlie Northwestern sjiceeh staff, will serve as judges for the eonfereiiee and will announce Die winners of tlie contest at the conclusion of the forum.
This contest is open to any full time undergraduate student fi’om the following schools: Ball State Teachers’ College, three representatives; Manchester College, five; Notre Dame, six; St. Francis College, tlirce; and Tri-State College, three. Tlie University entries are Aimando Sehcmel, Jorge Roach, Jane Ostrander, Shirley Canning, Ken Buxton, William Peters, and the two highest winners in the recent All-Campus Discussion Com test, all of whom ai e being coached by Robert Horn of the University speech staff. To Tour South America This contc.st was inaugurated by the Oflicc of the Coordinator of In ter-American Affairs for the purpose of fostering and improving Pan-Ameiican relations. In order (o simplify the contest, the nation lias been divided into .six geograpliieal areas, and tbe winners from eaeli section will iiartieipatc in the national contest and be given a conducted tour of South America during the summer of 11)18.
Jim Walley, senior executive of the University Activities Bureau, has announced that elections for junior and senior offices for next year Will be held tomorrow. According to the constitution of the organization, there are six junior and two senior positions that may be filled by any student, whether or not he has worked on the Bureau previously. Bureau workers any any other interested students should submit their petitions by tomorrow to receive consideration for the positions. The petitions should include the following: Personal cumulative scholastic index as of Jan. 15, 1942; Draft status (for men); Policies which the petitioner would like to see put into effect by the Bureau; ideas for additional means by which the Bureau might help in the war effort; and information as to whether the iielitioner will be in school this summer. Bureau workei s and other interested students can gel further information about tlie elections from Jim Walley at the Bureau office on the third floor of the Union.
Annual Hanley Speech Contest Preliminaries Will Benin March 24
Preliminaries for the sixth annual Hanley Speech Contest will be held in room 301 of University Hall Tuesday, March 24, at 4 p, m. All engineers are eligible to enter the
Implement the Good Neighbor Policy?” According to the latest reports, only five fraternities and two sororities remain in the contest. Sigma Alpha Mu and Pi Kappa Alpha lead the toiirncy with 105 points. In second place with 100 points are the Delta Gammas, while Alpha Xi Delta and Alpha Gamma Rho are tied for third with 80 points each. Sigma AI-
contest. To date there have been Tau Kappa Epsivery few entries for this contest ^ave 65 points and 55 points re-
which offers many opportunities to spectively.
the engineer. Any engineering topic The contestants and their respecmay be used by the contestants, live organizations are John Nestle providing it is approached from an and George yBrick, Sigma Alpha economic standpoint and relates to Mu; Richard Sidwell, Pi Kappa Althe war. Persons interested in en- pha; Bill Ogden, Sigma Alpha Epsitering should signify their inten- Ion; Leonard Wood, Tau Kappa Eptions by calling at the Speech Of- silon; Wallace Cook, Alpha Gamnta flees in University Hall by March Rho; Rose Malcolm, Alpha Xi Delta; 23. and Betty West, Delta Gamma. Six speakers will be chosen from pi-of. p. e. Lull and Lee Winch the contestants from the prelim- of the speech department and Prof, inary rounds, and they will compete Frank HalJ and Wikel of the history,
economics and government depart-
in Ihe finals wliich will be held in Fowler Hall, Maich 31, at 7:80 p. m
Air Corps Annourijce l^ew Enlistment Plan
For Cadet Training
All junior Chemical and Melallurgical engineers are reqnesfcd lo uHciui an importanf emiiloyiuent meeting in room 302 of Ihe (’hem. and Met. Building, fomonow at 4 p.m. -BRAY
Pi Kappa Alpha
Dresses Designed
. . . social fraternity, aimouiices Ihe election of the following new olfieers: Buck Jones, )nesidenl; Charles " Martin, vice-president; Thomas Orr, secretary; Robert Donaldson, ticasurer; and Robert Torniaiiek, hislorian.
By Coeds Receive
Druggists Will Attend Business Conference
Awards For Style
Members Of Activities Invited
To Forget Differences At Party
By Earl Volik If you were to ask anyone connected w'ith some activity w'hat he tliought of some other activity on the campus, clianccs are your answer would he entirely lacking in respect for tliat other activity both in tone and in w'ords used. But what else eould you exiiect—it is only another activity to lie i ivals foi’ that popularity on the campus for w'hich members of activities are constantly vicing. No Need For I’rejudice.s Tilt! Student Union has realized fliat tlicre is no need for students in activities to carry their prejudices BO far tliat the time will come when members of the Debris will openly ignore members of the Exponoiif w'lien llu’y meet on tlie earn pus. As a step tow'aid eliaiiging Llic situation as much as possible, the Student Union' has decided that a jiai'ty betw’een memliers of all activities having their headquarters in the Union would be just the thing. As a result of this decision, the Student Union invites all .senior, junior, and sophomore members of ail Union activities to a party in the South Ballroom of the Union tomorrow afternoon from 4 lo 5:50 where it is hoiied that any difl'ereiu'os that may exist hetw'cen the .students in the vaiious Union activities may lie forgotten ovci “beer
and pretzels” wdiili- listening to tlie sweet strain.s of “canned” m usie. IfcK’ is tlie situation—at 1 tomorrow' afternoon, ail activity luembei.s in the Union droji w'hatever (liey miglit he doing at tliat lime and w'ander tow'ard the South Ballroom, pos.sibly in anticipation of indulging in some of those free 1 efreshments, or maybe thinking aliout dancing to some of that smooth iiuisic issuing from the “music bo.x” — hut probably the most important reason for them being there is that they feel tliat tliey simply must take advantage of the opportunity presented to them for skiiiping out on their jobs for a wliile. At any rate, soon after reaching tlie iiallroom they see several fellow' students they know casually—casually because they aie working on a different activity— and then, as conversations begin
uid feelings warm, they find that
Ludents working on other activities are not mangy after all. Under the influence of the music and “licci' and pretzels,” the students find that by the time the end of the party rolls around everyone is haiqiy and all differences have been di.scardod
— for the time being at least.
Tills “activities Holiday” is the fiist of its kind and, witli the cooperation of all tile activitio.s that liave offices in the Union, it prom-
ises to be a huge success.
Dresses designed, constructed ami modelled by Peg Baker, Eileen Cai’jieiiler and Coletta Weiss were awarded tlie first three places at the .style’ sliow of dresses designed ami const ructed by coeds in tlie costume illustiatioii course. Tlie shenv, Momluy night at Alan’s Department Store and judged by St. Txuiis designers, attracted an audienci’ of 150 iiersons. I’eg Baker Takes I’lrst Place Peg Balvcr’s first jilace winner was a w'lute sliarkskin afternoon dress a/id .sccomt place winnei', Eileen Carpenter, w'ore a sailor dress. Coletta Wciss’ jacket dress w'as awarded third iilace. Honoialile mention was given to Jean Lauer’s afternoon dress; to Carol Crow'’s tunic diess; to Roberta Lewis’ white pique dress; lo Elaine Rosthauser’s spectator sport frock, and lo Joan Korte’s dinner dress. Designers Judged Contest Judges W'cre Irene Karo] and Ruth Sc’hmoll, designers, and Louis Karpf, ow'iier, of the Irene Karol dress manufacturing house in St. Louis and Alan Cahen of Alan’s Store. They judged solely on how well the dresses were suited for mass production and how' easily the designs could be adapted to a W'lclc variety of figures. Cahen presented the winners with cash awards w’hile the girls receiving honoiahlo mention were given merchandise slqis. The winning designs will lie made up by St. Louis imuuiraeturers and these garments will lie included in A)an’.s summer merchandise. If iiossible, the style show, the first of its kind held by the Applied Design Deparlmont, and the winning designs w'lll be u'iven publicity m Women’s Wear Dailj.
Qn Campus Niext Week
Tw'elftli aiiiiiial Di iiggists’ Business Coiiference will be held on Llie campus next Tuesday and Wednesday, March 81 and 85. Many druggists from all seelions of the state are (’xiieeti'd to attend. The meeting w'hieli is siioiisored by the University’s Pliariiiacy extension department W'lll (leal with war and jiost war proiilems ami the latest seientilie, educational, professional, and commercial developments in the phanuaeeutieal field. Dean Jenkins To Speak Princiiial siieakers at llic oiiciiing sessions on Tuesday will be Dean Glenn L. Jenkins, new head of the ScJiool of Phai macy; Cliarle.s D. Sell! leber, president of the Indiana Phai maceutical Association; Fred B. Thomas, secretary of the Indiana Board of Rharmacy; and Dean Hugh G. Muldoon, of the school of pharmacy at Duquesne University and past piesident of the American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy. Annual conference bamiuet will he held on Tuesday evening with President E. C. Elliott acting as toastmaster. Dr. L. M. Sears, of the history, economics and government department will speak after the banquet on “The Present Crisis in a Possible Perspective.” War Effects Drugs Edw'ard Spease, director of professional relations for the National Association of Retail Druggists, W'ill siieak on “Professional Relations” ill Wednesday morning’s session and'* tlie I'cst of Wednesday’s program will Jie given over lo discussions on the effect of war on drugs and pharmixceuticals, profes.sional relations and selling blood plasmas, and the relationship of the pharmacist to national health.
Under n policy rccnltly announced by the Air Corps, all men who have been accepted by the Air Corp.s for Aviation Gad^'t Tiaining and placed on the waiting list, may now be enlisted. Such men will he enlisted under Air Corps quotas and placed on furlough until there is a vacancy at an Aviation Cadet Training School. Selective Service icgistrants as w'cll as others arc eligible to apply for the enlisted status. Under the revised rcgulation,s, a new luiiiimum age of cig'liiccn years for ajiplieants has been established, 'j’he old maximum age limit of Lweiity-six still aiiplies. Married men are eligible for appoiiitiiient, provided their dependents have sufficient means of su|)jiort and aiiplicants sign statements to that effcctft. For complete information inquire at the Adjutant’s Oflicc in the Armory.
The prizes which are donated by William A. Hanley, ME ’ll amount to 100 dollars. The first prize is a 85-dollai’ defense bond and 15 dollars m cash; second prize is a 85dollar defense bond and 5 dollars cash; and third prize is a 25-dollar defense bond. Fourth, fifth, and sixtli prizes are 10, 5, and 3 dollars worth of defense stamps respectively. The judges for the contest, as announced by Bert Squier, manager of the contest, will be Prof. R. G. Thomas of tlie history, economics, and government department; Prof. C. L. Lovell of the school of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering;
ment will officiate. The winnipg sorority and fraternity will each be awarded a trophy by Deac Reisner’s and Southworth’s. The individual winners will, be awarded a gold-key for first place and a silver key for secopd placfi^ All other contestants will be awarScd a bronze key. The awards will be made at the annual Stage-Stomp Studio Banquet in April.
Religious Discussion Group Meet'S Today ,
Faculty members who have been attending religious discussions Will meet for the third of such sessions
Prof. H. G. 'Venemann of the school
of Mechanical Engineering; Prof, tonight at 8 in 355 of the Union. P. E. Lull of the English depart- Topic for tonight’s discussion willment; and Prof. A. H. Monroe of be “How Does God Respond to
the English department. All persons interested are urged to ente'r
the conlcbt.
Dr, L. M. Sears ... is the University’s representative at the Owenite Forum, a feature of the New Harmony anniversary celebration to be held tomorrow afternoon, March 19.
Man’s Prayer?” Interested townspeople and University staff members and wives will be welcomed. A generalized discussion may be expected with scientists and others posing questions and problems concerning the topic and others from many walks of life offering personal convictions and beliefs.
f. C. Elliott To Speak On Station WOWO
Student Survey Votes Glenn Miller As Best Dance Band
President E. C. IGlJiolt of the Uinvci.sity will be the prineipal speaker a't the ainiual achievement day program of radio btation WOWO at Ft. Wayne tomoriow. Dean 11. J. Reed, L. E. Hoffman, absociate dilector of extension, T. R. .Johubtoii, director of inforiuaLion, Glenn W. Sample, abbi.staiit exlcnsioii ediloi and county agricultural agents of 12 counties will also appear on the jirogram. The program luib been held annually for several ycais Lo honor winners in agi icuiturul extension piojects, and is designed to stimulate inteicbts 111 better af'nculture.
(Editor’s Note: Tommy Dorsey will appear on the campus Saturday, March 88 lo play for the Defense (jonvocatioii. The admission Lo the eoneert which is being held at the Mubie Hall will be fifty cents worth of defense blamps. Directly following his conceit at the Music Hall Tommy Dorbcy will go to the Union Ballrooms to play for a daiicc. 'I'lie adimsbioii lo Ihe dance will be .$l.t0 |ilus the fifty-ceiits worth of defense .siamps puiehased at the Music Hall.)
WAA To Install New Officers At Banquet
WAA will hold its Winter-Sports Banquet tomorrow evening at 6 in room 3G3 of the Union. The principal speaker for the banquet will bo Rev. Meyer Simon wlm will talk on “Physical and S|)iiitual Recieation.” All laminis coeds aie invited lo atlciid. WinI ei'-.sporl.s awards will be made at Ihe bjimpiel, and inslullalion of recently eleeted olfieers and council members will be held. Tickets may be sccuiod from any WAA officer or council member or from the WAA office for sixty-five cents.
(By Sfutlenfi Opinion Surveys) AUSTIN, Tex., March 17.— Two duiteo band.s—Glenn Miller and Tommy Uorsey walked of! with over half of the ballots cast in a recent Student Opinion Surveys of America poll conducted on college campuses all over the country to determine the students’ favorite dance orchestra. Miller, who also ranked first in 1941, lead the favorites with three voles lo every one foi Dorsey, who took seeoiul place. Final tabulations .show Miller with 43 per ci’iit of tlie entire vote, and Dorsey with 13 per cent. .Some forty other bands were incnlioned. The question asked was: “Which is your favorite dance oi’chcstru?” The bands mentioned most often were as follows: Glenn Miller, Tommy Dorsey,
Guy Lombardo, Kay Kyser, BeJinJr Goodman, Fred Waring, Wayile King, Harry James, Charlie Spivak, Jimmy Dorsey, Xavier Cugat ail4 Freddie Martin. It is interesting to compare the results of this siu’vey with the results obtained in a recent poll chtti ducted by “Down Beat,” leading dance band magazine, which did not confine the balloting to college 3tadciits. In the latter, Glenn Miller Was voted tlie best band, and Benajf Goodman the “King of Swing.” |t IS significant to note that Tommy Dorsey ranked second in both the sweet, and swing divisions. Miller, however, was ranked, second to Guy Lombardo who was Voted “King of Corn.” Almost a year ago this moilth^ Student Opinion Surveys asked dents tlie same question, and first four bands last year are thh four who were ranked first again this year. The only difference is in the order of the second, third, and fourth positions, and a break itt n lie for fourth place. la 1941: 1. Glenn Miller \ 8. Kay Kyser 3. Tommy Dorsey 4. Guy Lomliaido Wayne King (tie) In 1948: 1. Glenn Miller 8. Tommy Dorsey 3. Guy Lombardo 4. Kay Kyser
I
’.iExponent
Wednesday, Jfcirch 18, 1942
I liS” jr*|! i:
‘Vnim Now
■ to c^ officially into existence .laj^ew Yoi'k City to^iorrow is a new patriotic 'liaigaiaiZatioiii, Freedom House, which will have as its platform “Union Now.” Now we ask you, what could be more silly, more idiotic, a**id more actually unpatriotic than the advocacy of such a highly controversial matter in these times of dire emergency ? Undoubtedly the sponsors of the new movement, which gained its inception in a popular book written a few years ago’by Clarence K. Sti'eit, feel that political union with the Britis^. Empire and other, democracies into a world-wide commonwealth would be advantageous, especially now that we ai’e at war. Undoubtedly they believe that the time is ripe for such a movement. But, .as we see it, they have overlooked one very important, actuality; our union with the British, the Russfkns, the people of the 26 democracies has al-
ready beeh effected in rnahy way's ,att<l llKp yocacy of such a radical step as “Upibh Now”* would only create unnecessary and dangerous dissension. To sponsor such a platform against the already expressed opposition of many elements in this country and abroad while we are fighting tooth and nail fpr our very existence would be the height of folly. That any gropp could be so unthinking is appalling. If we did not know that many thousands of'persoi)s |n this country still do not realize how serious our peril is, we would be convinced that Freedom House was the deliberate and direct agent of , Akis propagandists. ’ Instead let us just call the new organization and its sponsors stupid and hope that their Freedom House burns dp'vvn soon. Let’s keep what unity we’ve got arid let such revblutionai’y political ideas wait until the war is won. f.i.j.
By brew Pearson and Robert S. Alien
Ealiking Committee Grille }o¥ies
Editor's Note: The Cork herewith presents a character sketch of you, if you are like the Cork (Heaven, forbid), on . . a Tuesday nipht the next morning of which you have to have seven preps and be prepared for five hour tests. A NIGHT IN the INTELLECTUAL CAFETERIA The talk around the table at dinner tui’iis to that of cards, specifically poker, which is to be pursued as soon as the evening- songs are sung and: the group lias time to assemble in your room. You realize that ■j'ou will flunk several courses if you do not get great quantities of studying done and decide to go over to the library, knowing how impossible it would be to took larn in your humble, sanctum when in it also, chips are being rapidly exchanged, acconipanied by the noisily expressed woes and bliss of your brothers.
Entering the library from the rear, you stop at the new water fountain for a. Toii.e- drink and think how inuch better it is than that old one that laboriOiisly burbled the water to your parched lips, or if you enter from the front you stop inside the hallway and look at every person on both sides of tlie hall in the study rooms and wondel- if you know any of them. Either way it takes you .just about as long to get to ' the newspaper room which you enter and look through the New York Times if you are from the East or at the Sun if you are not and if you are not, you wonder when the Sun will get around to running better funnies. ■ 9- • , After a half hour you realize that you came over to this intellectual cafeteiia to clo some studying, -you pick up your books and leave the i-oom and pause J'or te-n minutes more looking in that low glass case at the foot of tlic stall s. You learn all about the Otsiim- , heirndg, a Brazilian tribe. Finally you begin to ascend the stairway at the to]3 of which and around the corner lies your night’s habitat where in the books under your arm you will dili.g-ently dig for the treasure chests of Ti'uth, (Beautiful thou.ght, isn’t it?).
it that it was donated to the University by Mrs. W. J. Kienly. You move toward the big rooni where you shpuld have been an hour ago and on the way in you read the “Spng of Rowland” through the glass window of the book case. ■ •——• Inside the reading room, you look around and see a little room and you wonder what’s inside. You thipk that one more minute won’t rngke m'uch difference since you’ve wasted all this time already apd you entej the rooni and sit down at one of the tables, Seeing that at your side are all the bound copies of Life magazine since its first issue in 1936 you take the first bound volume down and look it over; A boatload of Japanese women are shown shedding their loin cloths and getting ready to dive for pearl bearing oysters so tliat they will have money enough to gel niarried on. You read that Adolf Hitler is the “fulcrum on which the peace or war of the world teeters.” ,
But at tile top of the stairs someone has implanted' a graph showing how the Chinamens’ supply of ga.s pipes,varies directly as the number of gallons of water in that low spot in the road, between the Memorial Gyni and Toni’s. You study the chart and then look at Fortune’s war map next to the grandfother’s clock that doesn’t run and you read on the card stuck on
Remeinbering again that you really miist get dope what you came over there for, you take a stroll around the large room and stop over where there is a copy of Who’s Who and you look up and see if your Dad was listed last year. Close to it pro .spmp books describing the history of France and you gaze through it. You .spend more tinie lookipg for other interesting books and discover that at the other end of the library is a very .good seat which is beckoning you. • You walk over to the empty chair, and brush past the tall bush that has its sharp leaves sticking out into the aisle. You wonder what kind of a plant it is, but keep going over to neatly arrange your books on the table in front of you and take your place, at the table. Pledges who should be home studying are all around the table having pleasant conversations with girl pledges who should also be home studying. You try to hear what they arc saying, and it is no trouble at all. ® •. . , « You see Bill at the next table and wave to him. Then you watch three couples walk out, heading for the Sweet Shop, Finall.y you lay your head down on the table and think how nice it was last summci- when you didn’t have to work. After a while you get around to thinking that, floly Smoke, your house has a basketball'game at 8:30. on court 2 and you just have time to make it, '
John Clark To Play Lead in Production ^ 'Male AnimaT Complete cast for the productioP of James Thurber’s comedy “The Male Animal” which is to be presented April 14 was announced today. John Clark will have the leading I'ole of Tommy Turner, young and progressive professor of Midwestern University. Barbara Nord will take the part of Turner’s .wife, Eileen. Cleota, the negro maid will be-played by Ruth Dray. Earnest Nordlinger will be seen B,s Michael Barnes, a fiery editor. IJarold Warren has been cast as Ed Kellcp', president of the board of trustees. Keller’s sister, Patricia, is to be played by Ann Ostrander, An Engli.sh. professor, and his wife will be played by Vernon Rising and Margaret Slate. Betty Wedge ha.s been cast as Ml'S.. Myrtle Keller and Dale Puffin will play the part of Wally Meyers, a football hero. The part of Joe Ferguson will be taken by Bill Simpson,
Letter to Editor Sigma Nu
March 17, 1912 Dear Editor: The American Red Cross desires to come to the defense of our Purdue coeds. We like their work and their generosity, and their friendship. The Club _ of the Women’s Residence Halls sent in a check for $200 to the Purdue Relief Committee and a good many other girls have contributed, too, but I have no , way to kno%y the amqmrt. The entire student gift was $500.OOi The Rod Cros:s received the largest portion of the . gift and we are very grateful. In addition tcijjthe above the girls fiom the Women’s Residence Halls sent me a cheek for $204.00 (of their, own accord) so that each girl is a member of the American Red Cro.ss. The gills buy their share of stanip.s and knit by the hour for our armed forces and our Allies. They have continued the sewing the local .girls stai'ted last summer. As for making surgical dressings the girls have realized that we are short of gauze but they have prom-
... social fraternity, announces the initiation of Charles G. Mayer, Kansas City, Mo., and Lawrence E. Flora, Elkhart. They also announce the pledging of Arthur E. Lynch, Lafayette; Julian R. Bishop, Toledo, 0.; William H. Ainsworth, Lafayette; Jack L. Shepherd, Indianapolis; James H. Bryant, Vincennes; Neil J. Driscoll, Chicago, III.; Robert S. Martin, Webster Groves, Mo.; Walter R. Smith, East Hampton, N. Y,; and John B. Adce, Sycamore, 111. ised to come out in full force when our gauze arrives,. We expert a quota of 150,000 dressings to. arrive any day. 'This quota will have to be made up in six months and I know that the girls will be out in such numbers that our tables will extend into our neighbor’s oflico, the Purdue Exponent. Sincerely yours, Mr.s. Agnes K. Wiley, Chaii-inan Tipp. Co. Volunteer Service, American Red Cro.ss PATROl^IZE EXPQNENT~~ APVERTISERS
WASHINGTON, March 17.-^Sec-retary Jp^ss^ Jqpes wgs very jwlse in insisting that die be heal’d behind closed doors' when he testified before the Senate Ranking cpmpiittee on the Mmway bill to aid sntall business. The RFC, czar ran intp some hot grilling that would have .rnabe front page stories had reporters been aUo-a'ed in. Democijatic Leader Albep Baricley and Benator.s Robert Taft of Ohio and James U. Hughes of, Delaware supplied most of the fireworks, with charges that the .RFC was givipg speefiy clearance on loans to big war contractors, while small firms begging for sub-con-tracts were coldrshouidered. ‘’The big fellqw- never Has ntneh trouble getting financing for a war order,” Taft asserted) “but you will, argue with the War or the Navy Pepartnient for. a month about extending a loan to a little business man.” "I den ythaC sir,” replied Jones indignantly. “We will argue about ten minutes.” , “The RFC alwtiys is raising the argument that loans to small business may not be repaid,” retorted Taft. “Well, you make. plenty of loans to big concerns with no more chance of repayment. I notice you loaned an airplane company $90,000,000. If the need for airplane engines .should fall off, you will not get that back.” “The government is protected,” parried Jones. “We will own the plant.” “Yes,” shot back Taft. “That’s the main tiling^ you always think about, making or losing money. If . you aren’t aware of it, Mr. Jones, allow me to inform you that we are beyond that point. The big question that faces us now is winning the war. That’s the only thing that counts.” • The Run Around . Jo.nes hardly had time to recover from this panning when Hughes and Barkley began working out on him. The Delaware Senator bitterly criticized the “run-around” given little ■business by the RFC. . “Under the . present setup,”’ Hughes said, “small business has to get a contract from the War or Navy Department before it can get a loan from you, and you will not grant the loan until it gets the contract.” “That’.s right,” chimed in Barkley hotly. “And that’s exactly why we need legislation like this bill for the little fellow. The RFC already is taking care of the big fellow. If a sp-iall business man tries to get a contract from the War Department and needs finances to carry out the contract, they tell him, ‘We will let you have the contract if you can get an RFC loan.’ Then he goes to the RFC and is told ‘We will let you have the money if you can get the contract.’ . “There ought to be .some place where the two things meet. Maybe thi.s legislation, which sets up a special division for small business under the War Production
Board, with power to make loans and assist the little fellow in gettinj^ contracts, is. th? a^s^er., The record shows that spi^fi Jbugjppss is getting little, if any, help from the RFC.” \ %i fkoye RFC Latest case of RFC penny-pinch-ing stalfing' of a vital defense contract that has come to the committee’s attention and arousq,d hc|t indign'atipn is that of tlie Northern Pump Co., Minneapolis, Minn. The lai’gest maker of Navy ordnance in the ebuptry, the concern has an excellent financial and business record. In the .last few years it has grown from 1,0.0() to 6,000 eniployes and now has over $100,000,000 in Navy orders. Last year the company was given a $23,000,000 Navy contract for soipe urgently needed ordnance, Tp finance this rush order the firm asked the RFC for a $3,000,000 loan. After weeks of timeTmar^ing, the RFC finally offered to lend’$1,000,ObO provided the company put vp more than $2,000,000 in .assets, .its valuable patent rights, and notes signed personally by its executives. In other words, despite the fpet that the company had a $23,(}00,000 Navy ordnance order, which the Navy was clamoring for, Jesse Jones’ RFC wopld hot lend the concern more than $1,000,000 tp fill this contract—and even then only if the company signed away its eye-teeth. When the company executives protested this tight-fistedness, they were snapped off with, “We are running -• a bank, not a defense agency.” Finally, despairing of getting any RFC help, the concern, through the intervention of another government agency, got it from the Minneapolis Federal Reserve Bank. Within 24 hours after applying, for a loan the bank gave the company unlimited credit. But in the meanwhile three months of priceless time had been lost because of the RFC’s money.grubbing obstructionism. • Travel Hogs ' During the noisy: House battle over the Agriculture Department appropriation bill, hot words were hurled at a travel allowance item. It was charged that extravagance and waste were rife in government travel expenditure.s. That is absolutely true. And what is equally true—though no mention of it was made in . the House—is that the worst travelboodling offender in the entire government is Congress. The country rose in arms over the attempted congressional pension grab, which would have cost taxpayers around $100,000 a year. But
what.is not.realized is thatfoV years ^ Con^iess Has been tapping the trepspry for ,a sum nearly tv^Ice .that amount, $171,000 a year, in the form, of a travel allowance. . Under this neat till-raiding scheme, every member of Congress gets a check for one i round trip a year ‘from his home to Washington at the rate of 20 cents a mile—regarless. of whether the trip is made or not. Further, Congress voted that it be paid this juicy tidbit injadvahee. So every January, at the begihning of a session, the boys go down to the cashier’s window and fira'W in .advance ihejr year’s travel grab at the rate of 20 cents a mile to and f]^_m their homes. ■Kwo of the loudest denouncers ^the trpvel fufid item In fhe Agricultural bill w'bre Representa- , tiye Everett Dirksgn, bpshyKalred Illinqian, arid Representative M*rie Moproppy, gangjipg Oklahoman. Dirksen’s travel “tpke” this year was $396 and Monroney’s $571. Neither had said a woi’d or lifted a finger to put an end to their own travel-bqodling. Certain members of Congress ai’e very hot for economy—except when it hits their o'wn pockets. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) PATRONIZE exponent ADVERTISERS!
Everything for a College Education. DEAC’S
Returning from the St. Louis,‘potted plant contest, members of tlie floriculture department spent jMpft-, ' day at the National P-lower , hpri Garden Show in Chicago whereBjey: met Prof. E. R. HoneyweR df' tHe l|pi'ticpifure .departiri^nt. started on Sunday ana will'cdritmue throughout the'Week. ^ a «■ T)lc„|oiiowing ,men, afteridfid fl)e; Show arid returned to 'the Lfriiver--sity: Erwin Brooks, Ernest Npr^linger, .Grriftort Lopgdoh- gnd^rlliain. Schaifhorn. Brof. *HorieywriIl was a judge at the Show which is sponsored ahnuajly .by the Spjeiety of Americap Florists in various cities of the country. : I The show, -v^ms held in Cic. Infers national Amphitheater and seyerpl colleges participated in judging .e^ercises; however, the UriiVersity team was ineligible for the coptest'. They observed the methods of the other judging teanis and. the .shp:^.
LAST TIMES TOPAY
tf.*' ..A NEW WARNER BROS. HIT with Oennis Morgan.Brenda Marshall TOMORROW FRIDAY
■ --PLUS-L-"; LYNN BARI • ' 'P / , . 'Moon Oyer Hpr
Tomorrow : Frj. -7 Sat. 2 First Run Hits
-Plus-
wlth GENE
ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN ADVANCED THURS., MARCH 19 BEGINNERS' FRIDAY, MARCH 20 6:30 P.M. CHILDREN'S CLASSES OPEN SAT., MARCH 21st
ALLEN’S
6lh & Ferry
LAST TIMES TODAY OENE TIERNEY
— WITH — Victor MATURE-Walter HUSTQNi
Tomorrow - Fri. - Sat.
rh^ a>Uhui anil *lar of FYOMALION I jipUino agaiii ’
GliOSGE MiRNARD SHAW'S
mPXllMiL ^ I
LAST TIMES TODAY
' and ■
TOBBIPOEN TRAILS'
ALSO
"Holt of the Secret Service''
THURS. - FRI. - SAT. — LADY SCARFACE SADDLEMATES KING OF THE TEXAS RANGERS LATEST NEWS
-TODAY-
DOUBLE FEATURE
Exotic — Savage and Exciting! SWAMP WOMAN WITH ANN CORIO —PLUS—— smiling GHOSt WITH WAYNE MQBRIS ..ephfDA MARSHALL
STARTS THURSDAY DOUBLE ACTION TODAY Thrills for You!
with JOAN PERRY*ROGER PRYOR ANTHONY QUINN • MARIS WRIXON PLUS
PRQOUCER^ RELEASING CQRP
fiwuiiJUL £xpomnL All-American 1940-'41
; Entered as second clpSs matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress pf; Maych 3, 1.879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular acadepiic year (jind weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
riditor-jn-Chief . riditor, Hp'ottr Editor ..
j; ' Publication Staff i| ■ Apsociatc Kditor" Edflprial Staff: J. E. Amos, ,j, li. Armstrong:, D. T. Bropby, ,L. J3,adi|?y, F. I. jont'a, E. G. Kittpur. flpurls Staff: O. T. Clark. J. D. Fraser. J. S. Keeler. (ioed SUB: Mary K. lioynton, Alice Chatfleld, Jane Samsdcll. Phonei: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P, M., 5377
..N«c] A. Ochiltree HuninesH Mahdger.. ..John L. Traugott Maiiaging Editor Phil Johnson Coed Editor....
Don S. Powers ..Le^nd W< '...Ruth Rose
business Staff Coed liusiness Manager: Donna Sices; Office Manag.er: Lee BosbonK. Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemrc. R. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard, Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankcnberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc,, College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave,, New York, N. Y.
NIffht Editor: Koqueniore Uiay Editor; Wiekard
Stdff For This Issue Issue Editor: Stabile Reporters; But'/., Votik, Riggs, Frohman, Ahrens, Marion, Sports Editor: Sliryer . Marlindell, Pickering, Guernsay, Vegh, Carroll.
AFTER SANITDNINS!
Yes Sir!
A SANITONED Suit Is the Nearest Thing to a Brand NeW Siiit
II«ve Your Suit SANITONEn ~ anti See Whal a ijifferenee It Makes
DIAL 7278
i ;•¥
/
to l^$nyene
For A.AvU, Coitt^^ Siiturd[^y, March 21, the Indiana Intercollegiatq conference
will hold a swimming meet in the Fieldhouse pool Teams frojm |hfoughout the state wi|| cofnpete m 9 events for trophies
^Tivhich will be given to first'and second place team winners,
^tate Colleges Ejatered
*■*‘1)“?.^ j --i r =rif
Tupi^ For HCA^
-f iS
News
By Djive Shryer
.. DePauw, Indiana ^tate Teach^j^s, | Jail State, and Injjjf^ija, Uniyey^^y * aie expected to C9nipete, alw<\Vgli ^ ■fhe dead line fot eptiies is not un-
^il Wednesday inoiniiig
In addition to the 9 1 I, C, events j ''Y”^heie whl be 6 events in which worn- ^^;f51ass J basHe|;ba^ toureri,>reshwe9, and ineligible swan- ”a>?>ei}t draws a div^Wig 'participate, tbiS) pari^ of iiat};oiye4H‘JPWb to a iheVeet mil be held qnder the iqles jhel^L pf entiants s^ilb jn, the of f|e A.X^, i,, foi the chainpjpn^hip? , The Vyepis ln.,thi§ a'dditiqijal ThM\day,evenw?f, Maie)|^l^,. A A B meet pie\he 100 y^rd ffee- ? 8 in the final
Ityle^&r V^Pipe^, 8Q0 yard bj^ast- "^^tch^^of the title race
^tiQfce fpi yrqfpep, Ipfl ya^id breast- On the,spipe eye^upg three gapes ^tiolcd^ ^|;p^a^tyle, bpehstiohb a^d seipi-finals 9ti.the frataUffty giving epi|fpetitip^ foi Jtnen ^ la^g«e wjlJ, be played /Oflf phgible fqr tms ipeet are fieshpfien Ijhfthe^ co^tj^sts< f’hi' Ddjja Thel^ gnd othei atiuptes who come under ^meetp Pi ^ppa^^^pha, thp ^igiap the A A U, rules ph^s pfay Phi^ If jftppa Psi and Jhi Freshmen JlmJnmeVs , §lfWa P The s^wu- . Hiedke, Fliei, floiton, and Bain- P®«P will he^^p Vrd, all Jies^eh, aie enteied in PP Qmm^V Hwae ■ Ihe AAUIoO vaid bieaststioke ^he only team undefeated in the
Pther i},e«|im^ entered in the meet competition
are Bpijm m ^he' IQO yaid baqk- Fuday nighf Cary Jail ataits its atioke, witii Bolder mart and Hub voUey bah toarpey, and on the fofley in the diying events lowing Monday the Waid teams will ■i The 9 events of the 11 C meet Ppen then competition in this event are the SOO yard medley relay, 220 Thus fai eight fraternities aie unyaid freestyle, 50 yaid fieestyle, defeated in volleyball They aie Phi
Delta Theta, Sigma Chi, Beta Theta Pi, Tau Kappa Epsilon, Alpha Chi Eo Kappa Sigma, Pi Kappa Phi,
and Sigma Phi Epsilon
In the all campps squash touiney sixteen playeis remain jn the ^.un rung, while the fiateinity badmin ton matches should be completed l|itei this week Baseball is sched uled to start neai the fiist of Apiil
Intrdifo^ral j W«dn$«(l4y, March 18, 1942
TlillMierv Close Season At Chicago Relays fvent Boilermaker trackmen close tbeir indoor track season at the Chicago Relays this weekend The Boilermaker ch^ry will be the mile relay team, composed of Anthony, Archer, Arnold, jBa.ncker, or possibly Caulker
100 yaid freestyle, 160 yard back stroke, 440 yaid freestyle, 400 yaid relay, and diVing competition
^Records In Danger
Prelimmaiy tiials m both meets will begin at 10 o’clock Satuiday mtoining and the finals will take place at 3 o’clock in the afternoon Accoiding to Dick Papenguth the mpet should be a close ope in which
some lecords will be bioken Entries ..
aie limited to two fiom each team
inf eqch event Haivaid the Boileimakeis must Smfee war conditions have foiced use the meet Satuiday to wind up theHfeam to cancel their entry in an alieady successful season with *the National Collegiate meet at a victo y
-
Ripe Op Program
Greg Rice, holdei of the woild’s lecoid in the two mile, will be op hand foi the lelays Rice has beep touripg the copntry this year and has set some new lecoids already Last week the Notre Dame captain broke the two mile recoid foi Mad-
ison Squaie Gaiden
Campbell Kane of Indiana is scheduled to meet Leslie MacMitch ell in the mile lun The NYU lunnei has turned in some fast times this season and is a cuiient threat to Cunningham’s lecold in this event Les lan his fastest mile last week at Madison Squaie Gai den when he was clocked at 4 08 It has been predicted that he will turn m a fopi minute mile before
he hangs up his spikes
Pole Vault Star
Cornelius Waimeidam foimeily of Oleg on will attempt to bettei
IM Schedules
CARY fiALL BOWLING
Wednesday * 6 30 H Ivs C H 4 H 2vs C H 6 H 3vs C H 6 H 8 vs C H 12 8 30 H 7vs C H 11 H 9vs C H 13 H lOvs C H 14
Phi
Kappa
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK — P5HTISTS — 400 4P4 Schultz Bldg 4fh and Main St Lafayette
PAUL'S place
kep STfeAK HOME MADE CHILI
BEEF BARB-Q PORK TENDERLOIN
Phone 2645
FURNAS ICE CREAM 216 W. Columbia St.
We Deliver
BADMINTON
4 00
Sigma Kappa, Theta Chi, Delta Rho, Phi Gamma
Delta. Delta Chi, Sigmp Alpha Ep silon, Alpha Tau Omega, Theta Tau, Tiiangle, Tau Epsilon Phi, Alpha
his maik in the pole vault He is the Lambda Chi Alpha
picsent holdei of the woild’s lecoid
which stands at fifteen feet seven — ' ' ' —
and one half inches Waimeidam has spent this season touiing the countiy and consistently hit ^gvej. fifteen feet He was the fiist man evei to vault ovei fifteen feet and will bt gunning foi a lecoid Satin
day
Scveial membeis of the Big Ten ^ teams will^be on hand foi the le lays Bob Wiight of Ohio State will set a fast pace in the huidles He ^..^commodate the laige cio^vd of holds the confeicnce titles in the sports fans which is being expected hiudles, both indooi and outdooi m, , , , TT ij AX C.X > lelay squad has had a good ® ^ season and will be heavily banked The Relays, with a long list of on to cany the Rivetei lauiels in these headline stais tends to be one the fifth lunning of the lelays No of the outstanding tiack events of Rivetei runneis will paiticipate in the season In view of this fact it the individual events
Basketball Managers
Jumoi basketball managers for next yeai will be Chick Spurlick, Casey Parrish, and ,|^qqk Houston,
it Mas announced today
It's Worth Shouting AboiitTHE UNION-
for
Dancing Bowling Lounging
Eating “Joeing” Browsing
Puttering
JhjL fflWvdjUSL WsmwiiaL lAniotL
fftc Corner of the Campus— fet the Center of Activities
Diamond Squad Polishes Plays For Home Tilts Cool winds following Monday night’s big misty blow, brought Coach Felpiing’s diamond sqpad ip to the Fieldhouse yesteiday afternoon Infield batting praqtice was lesoited to by the ps^stimeis as Coach Pehiing shifted playeis about in an effort to find a smooth combi nation foi the fiist tilt of the season which is scheduled for Maich 31, With St Joseph College
Need Pitchers
The piospects for this coming seasop look very good, except foi the wepk spot piesent in the mopnd mateiial Don Blanken’s decision to biowse around in the pio basket ball league caused him to be ineligible foi the baseball team He was looked on as one of the leading pitcheis in the Big Ten cucle, and his loss IS a blow to Fehiiiig this yeai Walt Leifheit is the only ex peiiepced pitcher toretuiTi thjs season Othei available mateiial foi the mound positions aie Tony Beito, gild ace who posesses certain mystic poweis with a baseball, and Bob Bakei, anothei clevei ball aitist
Infield Drills
Piactice yesteiday afternoon in the netted area of the Fieldhouse consisted of infield polishing Bob Bakei did most of the heaving fiom the mound while burly Joe Inman backed him up behind the plate “Hoisey” Ril^y^ of haidwopd.fqpm, Call Hipp .sophomoie slugger,, apd Paul Patiick yfevQ at the plpte ha.ndhng the clubs with ease, putting scorcheis down the baselines for the infieldeis to play with On the leoqivmg end of these diives wqie Geoige Buikhait, a sticky fingeied fiist hpseman Chuqk Rawles wps coveimg the second base teiiitoiy and the busy short stop digtiifit was occupied by Bill Buikhait, biothei of Geoige jAt thud. Coach Pehiing was expeii menting with Chuck Wiight, a sensational sophomoie who will pipbab}y piove very valuable to the Boil ei maker squpd this season
No Southern Trip
As soon as the Indiana weathoi
makps up its mind as to wintei or spiing, the Fehiing squad will moye
out to its intiamuial field camp
The “Dutchmen” will pot be able to
take their anpuah sopthein jaunt Prof. Davis To Uefure
this yeai, because of the w,^i time school schedule Coach Fehiing has scheduled sevpial gamqs to replace the tup hoiyevei, the fiist of which
IS with St Joseph College
^ How Is Purdue Affected By Present ConditfotHf Yesteiday afternoon we diopped into Athletic Director Red office to find out just what changes will be made in our athletic to adjust oui piogram to the present wartime conditions and to the ndw lulings of the Big Ten faculty representatives Red has been wor|ii^ day and night evei since his appointment to get everything lined uj, apd by now has the duties of the office quite well in hand He hopes to keep the athletic piogiam on as neaily a normal keel as IS possible while meeting new pioblems Onjy a few^hanges at present in piospect Piobably the most radical change will be coftcer^n^
freshmen athletes
► just Two SePDfSters For Eligibility Sipee the Big Ten rule foi vaisjty eligibihty was changed to an academic yeai instead of a calendar yeai,. athletes who enteied school laA January will be eligible to compete next Sqptembei, and those ent^tin^ school in May Will be eligible foi vaisity spoils in the latter part of ]wcembei Thus basketball player^ entering in May will play in the Bijg Ten schedule the following Japuaiy Also, following the lequired foui week conditioning peiiod, freshmen will compete against othei fieshmen teams Nothing definite is yet ill prospect, but its very likely that fieshmen in baseball oi golf may meet inter collegiate opponents this spiing, ana freshmen football and basketball teams aie ceitain to have schedules next fall Ten Football Games In Pro^peipt In addition to the eight legulai games scheduled, Purdue wiH prqbably meet two seivice teams The Great Lakes gameheie is almost pertain and the othei contest will be with Caipp Shelby, Fort Knox, Chatmte Field, 01 pel haps some othei service team ^ Squads May Take Trips TogotKqr Seveial of the coaches aie woiking on then next season schedules m 01 del to mqet the samexteapis ojj the same dates For instance, the wrestling apd siyimming teams may go to Indiana the same day This not only will he a saving on the budget, but will lead to a closer relationship between the membeis of the different squads Increased Summer Activity The cpnfeience did not make any changes to allow Big Ten schedules m summei spoits, but may do so in the May meeting They did lecommend that schools oiganize teams in baseball, softball, swimming, etc and meet paik teams, seiyice teams, and othei neai"by squads The mtiamuial program heie duiing the coming sumraei will be ipCieased gieatly although the details of the summer plans are not com-
pleted as yet
Seniois who giaduate on May 3 will be eligible to finish the season in baseball tiack pi golf—that is if the aimy doesn’t nile otherwise If the Big Ten moguls decide in May to allow baseball and golf in the spmmei session, a schedule in these spoits may be arianged Fieshmen who enteied school in September would be eligible for these teams, ^ A Lpf Depends Op Ai-tendance At Home Game$ A gieat deal as to the futuie of the athletic program depends upon the nuipbei of people that attend home football gSmes next year, as this IS one of the gieatest items on the budget Special tiains and buses will
piovide tjanspoitation foi many tiielcss fans
On Teacher Placement
Prof, kuhenkoohi^ of tjic School of M^chaniqal Engipceiing m Chicago Tues day to attpnd a meeting of the Ameiican Railway Enginepiing As sociation at which Joseph Eastman, diiqptoi of defense transpoitation spoke on “What Is Expected of the Railipads ”
Piof G E Davis, duectoi of teachei licensing will speak on vai lous phases of teachei placement pioblpms at the legular bimonthly meeting of the Agiicultuial Educa tion Society to be held next Tups day at 7 30 p m in looin 263 of the
Union
Max 4tplts, piesident of the so cipty, announces that this will be one of the most irappitant meetings of the yeai and piges all agricul tqial education students to ^ittend
vCv.
> A
I iidti’t need to walk to keep in shape.
ril take a
YELLOW CAB Call 50^3 or 3d71
REAL SPORTY SMARTNE5S GIVE ME MY
/
Sportive and spiffy these play or work shoes m
Horticulture Society Will Hear Speakers Waltei Ahiens, ’32 and L F. Millei will speak at the Hortjqiiftuie Society meeting in a dpospeakei piogiam tonight 7,30 in loom 117, Horticulture Building “Ramblingn of a Horticulture Alumnus” is the subject of AhienS’ talk, while Millei has qkosen a^his topic, “Pepping Up the Sale tfC Hoiticultuie Products” The foiiner, who is a graduate^ Pomology, is now manager of tile Danville Gardens, Danville, ij,, noted foi its greenhouse and ou^idooi giown vegetables, vegetable plants and flowei plants Miller is a commission man, dealing excluisivcly in fiuits and xegetables m the same vicmitj. Phi Kappa Psi social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men* Robeit Maloney, Oak Park, lll.l James Isham Kokomo, Robert Allen Dajton Ohio, Miron Reynolds, Aiideison, Richaid McCoy, Omuba, Ntb Scott Hansen, Chicago;'^ Allen King, Muncie, Norman Maloney, Oak Paik, 111 , Fred Lloyd, Indianapolis, James Hul^ne, Walkegan, 111 Giant Kellej. Oraaba, Neb.; Paul Hoffman, Milwaukee WiS.Y and John Woolmg, IndiauapqllS.,
Wake Up, Anwtktiml^
A
earn! Make
haijg the United. SMtm aod Navy to victory'■-haiklili^.
arifh woik and nunwy.
Do your part: Bug^ 'BUjiMit, StatflA Defense Boada aiMl Stamps at your post olBc^
OT saving^ and lean Get Defense Stampa at
tail store or frmn the cwDAerlMf «f thisnevspapar. 1
M&. s4.V-'a<./ Pitrdue Exponent ■' Wednesday, March is, 1^0
Defense Convo Series io Terminate Friday Student Wai- Council’s defense convocation series ends Friday when Prof. J. A. Estey addros.ses students, facutty and interested, persons at the sixth in the lecture series. Estey will speak at -1 j). m. in Eliza Fowler Hall on the topic “Post War Economic Problems.” Estey will discuss i)eace plans, prices and many of the other complexities of a post war world. Peace proposals will not be considered in the discussion but niei‘ely economic aspects of readjustment. The purpose of the* series has been to acquaint students with various aspects of a warrlpy world, including' causes, effects and results in our national life. The complete scries Iras been free of charge and pass])ort.s are liot required for admission.
UnivErsity Calendar
Wednesday, March 18
Notices
6:00 P.M,7:00 P.M.-
7:,00 P.M.v
7:,'10 P.M.7::!0 P.M.7:::10 P.M.-
-Forcster’s Banquet ....: East Faculty Lge., Union
-Certification Inspectors
Training'i. Room 104, A,g'. Hall -Inter-fraternity Di.scu.s.sioii West Faculty Lg'C., Un-
ion
...Rooms o02 and o04, Un-
ion , .
....Room 803, Union .... Room 117, Hol t Bldg. ....Room 110, ChE Bldg.
^ 7:.'10 P.M.—Marriage Course ...
-Kap])a Psi Meeting' -Horticultural Society. -Graduate Dames Club First Aid Classes
• More'^ban $700,000,000 bar, been appropri{T4:ed or allocated by the federal got ernment for cxp\enditurcs related, to education dining the year endin.g,; June 30, 1942,
IloiiHC AjtcntH for Co-op Book Store: Have surplus supplies in SCA olTicc by fi p.m. Wednesday, March 18 if you -want refuhds on them. . --HORTON Horticulture Society: Meeting at 7 :80 p.m. on Wednesday, March ,18, in room 117 of the Horticulture Bnildihw. Two speakers will be on the prof^ram. —BASS Purdue OiitinM' Club: There will be a hike Sunday, March 22, at 2 p.m. at the Armory. Call Gail Hennis at 20,07 or Jim Covert at 8421 for reservations. HBNNIS PlyinHr Club: Imiiortant meeting: Wednesday. Mart'll 38, at 7:00 p.m. in room,307 of the l/nion. Discussion of air meet, and steak fry. —HAKICHT Cold Peppers Pledge Committee: Mcctinj.»: Wednesday, March 18, at 3 p.pi. at the West Desk flC 'the TJtiion. " ' “--SlESS Sophomore Union Workers; Browsinjr room committee meetinj.': Wednesday, March 18. at' 4 rlT) p.m. in room 303 of, the Union. Will following: pbaise be present: D. Gardemote, C. Kibles, W. Hummel, ,P. McKniuht, C* Hyman. B. Bishop, S. Sprigg's, C. Collier, J. Schielke, B. Stallings, R. Miner, K. Ford, G. KatterJohn, R. Frier. T. Chapman. --KATTKRJOHN Student Senate: Meeting 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, Marcii 18, in the olTicc. —DIBOS
Agricultiital staff will entertain „ ,
^ J, _ . ■ , . ,,, , Purdue PIn.vcrs: There will he « meeliiDr L. MeVey, President Emer- meeting. Univer.sity men will speak Wednesduy, Mureh is, ut 7;;ui in FowUnitus.of the Univer.sity of Kentuck.y, Hull. Kver,v„„e he there. - KECK
stage, stump, Studio Callup Committee: Your lists will be ready We<!neaday, March 18. in the speech, od’ice third (loor of University Hall. , -r-DICLONG Condition Examinations: Exams in AM
-.TT - Un 1 r* ii J* li. -rt • •. .1-1 I -11 “1 nnd AM 22* will be given in room 110, Way. All members oi the laculty University entomologists who will j-ieavilon Hall, on Saturday,’March 28. from
r to 4. Permits may be obtained in tlie-
main ol'fice of Heavilon Hull.
--POORMAN.
MeVey To Address
Ag Staff At Monthly y|^j|| Jpggjj Sgfurday Luncheon pAonddV Indiana Pest Control Operators’
. Association will come to the cam-
pihs Saturday for their bimonthly Frank L. IWTcVey, President Emeron that occa.sion ajid annual elec-
at. their monthly luncheon Monday, tion of officers will be held. Present at which time he will addi'ess them oflicers of the a.ssociation are Mau011 the subject “The Declaration of rice Bailie, president, and C. 0, Independence and . the American Partlow, secretary treasurer.
St'udcnts Union Workern: Meeting of GoaBdttV and WOrl's eommittcea in Union Ofitco Wednesday, March 18 at 4:15 p.m. The following plca.se be there: J. Lytte, P. Mann, B. Bradley, M. Lloyd, L. Kugal, J. Fbuntiiitie, E. Blemker, B. Frazier, B. Poston, R. Collistor. P. Harris, D. Kieatqr, D. Smith, 3, Merkel, J. Skillman, L. Cohn, L. Martin, D. Canfield, B. BocUstabler, M. Davie, J.
Wallbillick, and L. Kaplan. V- GOSSETT AND WORD
SCA Social Chairman: If any co-op house has two sets of tickets to the .SCA Dance, , please let me know as soon as possible, Cali 2648. —WOODWARD NYA Workers: Checks for period ending March 7 arc available at cashier’s office in E;:(eeutive Bldg, —HOLLiSNSBE Alpha Lambda Delta: Pledging services will be held Saturday, March 21, at 1 p.m. in room 2:12 of the Union. Every member bo there. —MacDONALD ASME: "The Trouble and Trails of High Speed Travel” will he (liseusscd by Prof. Petty of the C.E. school. 'lAccidents will be included in his talk, Thursday. March 11), at 7:110 in Union. ~L. W. KEIL Student Art Guild: Important meeting Wetkuesday, March 18, at 4 :,'i0 in room 261 of the Union. —PARKS Skating Party: The Lutheran Student Asseeiation of America will hold a skating party at Maple Point Mo'nday night, March 23. Cars will leave the, e:iHt door of the Union at 7:15. All drivers will be given a free ticket. F,veryone welcome; bring your friends. —ANTAL
QRIN ANO BEAR iT
^ __ ai'e invited. MeVey will make two speak at Saturday’,s meeting'. are P©rS011Il©i fvOtGS othei' speeches during his three day • Ppof. H. 0. Deay, Pi'of. B. E. Mont-
: visit here. gomei y and Prof..J. J. Davis. The Tuesday evening he will address meetin.g will concern technical and
If any senior is intere.^ted in an interview with any of the following companies, complete one of the yellow “Request foi' Interview” cards, a supply of which is in youi' school office. You will be notified by card from the Personnel Office when
to schedule an interview.
Wagner Electric Corporation. St. Louis, Mo. Coming soon. M.E. dnd EiE. Sign up in Personnel Office. Duquesne Light Company, Pittsburgh, Pa. Coming soon. M.E. and E.E. Sign up in Personnel Office. Guide Lamp Division of GMC, Anderson, Indiana. March 20. M.E., E.E., Cb.E.. particularly a Ch.E. with a Met. option. Sign up in the
Personnel Office immediately.
Minncapolis-Honeywell Regulator Company, Aircraft Division, Minneapolis, Minn. E.E. (preferably tho.sf who have majored in communications or electronics) and M.E. If intei'ested, secure an application blank from the Per.sonnel Office befoi'e -3 p.m. W’ednesday, Mai'ch 18. American Steel Foundry Co., Chicago, 111. March 19. M.E. (with inaintenancc, production, time study options). Positions open in Pittsbui'gh, St. Loui.s. Chicago. .Schedule an interview in Pei'sonnel Office hefoi'C •" p.m. W’cdncsday, Blai'ch 18. Geodynamic Prospecting Service, Indifinapolis, Indiana, Advanced chemist (with, geology). Come to the Personnel Office for additioiial in-
foimation.
National Tube Company, Loiain, Ohio (return visit). March 20. M.E, and Met.E. Schedulv-^iin interview in the Personnel Office immediatc.'ly. U. S. Marine Corp.s, Indianapolis, Indiana., March 18, 19. Fieshmcn, .Sophomores and Senioi's will he accepted foi' interviews. Come to the Pei'sonhcl Office immediately. Texas Company, Lockpoit, llliTipis. March 20. M.E., E.E., C.E. AsiiVand Oil & Refining Co., A.shland, Ky. M.arcli 20. M.E. and Ch.E. Come to the Personnel Office imme-
diately.
Foster W’heeler Corp., New York, N. Y. Coming soon. M.E. General Aniline Work.s, Grassel- , ji, New Jei'scy. Ph.D; in Chemistry and a majoi' in Organic Chemistry. Come to the Personnel Office for additional information. Carbide and Carbon Chemicals Cqirp., S: Charleston, AY. Va. C.E: with a major in the. sti uctuial a.spects. Come to Personnel Office for fui'ther information. Corn Product.s Refining Co., Ai go, 111. Coming soon. M.E. and Ch.E.
Alphn Zeta IMcdjrcB AiaU Actives: l^nquet (lute? cliMnwcd to Tlnirsdny. March 2(5. .in room 3(53 of Union because of late conflict
the Social Science Seminar at 7:30 fundamental problems as they eon- on Universiiy Gah'U'iar. Pledge tests :md
„ , . , , i Iiiitiiitiou will be Wednesday, March 2.7.
in the East Faculty Lounge of the cern commei'cial conti'ol industry. Union. Topic for the night will be Partlow, seci'Ctai'y treasurer, a 2nd “The Ex])ansion of the Frontier lieutenant in the I'eserve corps, has and the Rise of Democracy.” An recently been called to Fort Sill. addi'ess before a special Univei'sity Del'pnse Convocation AVednesday Educational clinic of City college, evening will- climax the sei'ies. Me- New Yoi'k, established in;1913, wa.s Vey‘>vin addi'ess the convo in the the first one opened in tliis counti-y Music Hall at 7:30 p. m. Subject for treatment of mal-adjusted chil-
for the talk-will be “The Amei'ican di'en.
AVay Strike.s a Dilemma.” . • '
' Pi-evious to his post at the Uni-
versity of Kentucky Frank McA^'ey dei.it of the University of Kentucky
Wanted: Full time 8(cnoK:rnpftcr and {fcncrnl ofTIce aHsifltaiit. Purduo hackjrround preferred. Apply by letter. Exponent Box No. 1.
n(M!i.',cs cunlact Diosslin for national and local constitutions. - SWAIM. WAA: Baseball iinicticc bcirins Monday, March 1(5. Practices Avill be held every Monday, Weiinosday and Friday-. Three practices rc'<iuir,ed for intramural. — COOF’ER Ceres Pledges: Sec \yeathers for Ceres
Bulletin as soon ns possible.
--WEATHERS
P(niltry Science Club: T’rufes.sor James, enilfryoloirist. will siieak at 7 :3(). p.m. Thursday. March lU, in room 212 in the Union. Open meeting. ---WILBUR
' StMiior Cadet Officer.s: Si.mi ui» immediof Minnesota.. He served as presi- -'NW iuivaewd v»m-se. imilvUn im-.mi .for
Typewriters- Adtiing Miiehines, :.ii makes “Sometimes I fuel soiTv foB YOU BosAvell—it’s too bad you
Mime- 1
sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mime ojrrajih work done. C. J. EbersholT, G05 Main,
Lafayette. Phone 2771).
don’t appreciate lovely new things like I do”
appointments
lave pictures taken.
..JOHNSON
served the University of North Dakota as president, and ho. conducted a tax survey while teaching at his alma mater, the University
from 191:) to 1940 when he, retired. Lecturin,g and conducting re.search in economics. have occupied his time since retirin.g.
P.O.M.M.: There Avill be a bamiuet <m Thursday, March lib at G )).m. in the Ejist Faculty Linimre. Tieket.'A may be obtained from P.O.M.M. olficer.s until noon, Wednesday, March 18, for 65 cent*^. GKEFRATH
FIRST CHOICE
Crown Cleaning Service Ijelongs wherever smart crowds gather. Ihive Your Clothes Crotvn Cleaned Regularly
I
■ eves win fola* Jimmy s eye® . i:,‘St full better-light benefits. T p s lamps are grand for iSng. sewing, playing, too;
e it at '"‘^*pensfve 8
New intder-ann Cream Deodoranf safvly^ Stops Perspiration
LOW-
roon that old traas. on the Pi^stic shade faTJe f Mazda ^'^’’ered PJeaZi^'^P^- And ^^ht, you'jj ’ ^^dijrect
•L l>oc'* not rut drcbbc'' «yr incnS >!nr(s. Dots not Irriifitt skin. 2. No u utting lu dry. C'.au be used ip’lit .fifuT shnviijg. .L InstaiiiU' Slops pcrspijaiion for I to d,tys, Ktinuvcs odor iruni jicrspij’iuiuii. A. A port, while, grc.isclt'‘>, siainltss 5.Arrid lis?i been d\v.irdc.d ihc A)»proA .d Sc;il, of ilic Insuline oJ l.mndcrlng for btiny, lurnilcss to f.ibries. Arrid is the LARGEST SELLING DEODORANT. Try a jar today!
Wall braefcot shadM zKt out glare, add color aod decoration.
Plastic diffuser with 100 or 150-watt MAZDA lamp gives generous^ soft light from cemer ceiling fix* cures.
PIrt-up lamp. Grand for any hard-to-light spot. Haags on . the wall like a piaure. Wonderful bed light.
Conversion fixture and silvered bowl bulb provides cheery, indirect light at a twi.it of the wrist. Excellent sn kitchen and bed**
NATIONAL SAVE YOUR VISION WEEK— MARCH 8-14 TUNE IN: "T/re Hour of Cfiarm”— Sundays at 9 P. M. PUBLfC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA, INC
‘igl.ll spring fasi
xpo.8iei.ii a.M<,l its ad-
:ri;is<M\s are
review
a
se styles
tins week.
Look it over, uiid select yo,or Spring Wardrobe iu the Shops of the EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
ARRID • ajar At all blores tieiline •••Kid ' in JUt* Hitd .'tHr jarK)