■ h
, ^ 'I
(Eltt PurjCirtc TSxpanexxt
Published DMly by {Students of Purdue Unb^ersity
VOLUME XLVIII
Lafayette, Indiana, Wednesday, January 13,1937
K0]iBEB7«
Frosh Senate
Nominations
Today At 4 Nominees Will Give
Stump Speeches On Their BehaM Friday
University f#iSHiAen will nominate their candidates for freshman positions on the Student Senate this afternoon at 4 o'clock in the places which have been provided for each group. Dick Craig, chairman of the Senate elections committee, has announced that preliminary nominations will be unlimited, but a ballot will be held at the end of the session to select four final candidates for each Senate position open to the freshmen. Six such positions are open to freshmen in the school of engineering, two to agriculture students and one to students in each of the other schools. Places Approved The places designated for the nom(Continued on page 4)
Dick Cisne Will Play For Pi Beta Phi Fwmal
Dick Cisne, from the University of Illinois, will play for the Pi Beta Phi closed formal dance, Friday evening. The dance will be held at the Memorial Union Building from 9 to 12 p. m. Supper will be served at 10:30.
TempletouToTeUOf Flying Experiences
Jane Templeton, University ee* nior, will be the chief speaker ^ the meeting of the IW-Y clid» p# the West Lafayette high school this afternoon. Miss Templeton, who received her amateur pilot’s license in December^ is enrolled as a student flyer under Captain Lawrence Aretz of the University airport. Her subject, "How I Learned To Fly,” will be a part of a program honoring Amelia Earhart, famous aviatrix. The program is one of a series on the theme, “Great Women of America.”
Initial Scrivener
Issue Published
This year’s first publication of the University’s literary magazine. Scrivener, appeared yesterday. Approximately 800 copies have been printed, the largest number yet published for a single issue. The publication contains stories by Robert Whitcomb, Henry Hill, and N. W. Brooks; poems, by A. R. Radke, R. S. Blocker, and William Feldman; and plasrs by Fred Verber and A. R. Radke. The freshman section includes stories by Donald Paarlberg, Jack R. Wood, Alice Martens, H. J. Segrave, Helen Steffee, and M. L. Billings, and a poem by C. H. Waldhauer.
PagUacci Program
A complete program of Pagliacci will be given this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the music robm of the Memorial Union Building. A. P. Stewart, director of University choral groups, has asked that the members of his groups attend if possible.
Tcumpet Trio Concert Feature
Triple-tongueing soloists who will appear with the Purdue Symphohic Band Saturday are (left to right): R. C. Hill, C. A. Reichelderfer, and H. N. McIntyre. <
Symphonic Band To Present ^BigDrum Concert Saturday In High School Gym
Proceeds From Ticket Sales To Repair Huge Drum
In addition to the regular program to be presented at the “Big Drum” benefit concert Saturday evening, January 16, at 8:30 o’clock at. the Jefferson High School'GjTnnasium, the Purdue Symphonic Band will present a cornet trio as an added feature. The trio will give their interpretation of “Triplets of the Finest” a composition difficult enough to test the ability of any cornet player, as theif contribution to the benefit program. The trio is headed by C. A. Reichelderfer, a junior in the school of chemical engineering. Reichelder-
fer is a 2nd lieutenant in the band, His home is at Fort Wayne, Indiana. The second solo part js played by R. C. Hill, a junior in the school of electrical engineering. Hill’s home fs in Zionsville, Indiana. The third soloist, H. N. McIntyre, is a junior in the school of electrical engineering. McIntyre’s home is in Lomsville, Kentucky.
Name ’36 Com King At Ag Meeting Today
C.V, Gregory f Prairie Farmer Editor, To Addren General Session; Registration Reaches 2,000 Indiana's 1936 corn king will not be named before noon today, so keen is the competition in all classes in the Ttidianft State Com and Small Grain Show, says an announcement released last night from the University bureau of information. Representatives from 83 out of the 92 counties in the state
were included in Monday’s of-
ficial registration at the annual agricultural conference of which the com show is a part, according to last night’s announcement. Over 2,000 rural Hoosier men and women were registered at the conference which opened at the University Monday and will come to a close Friday. Today’s Program The conference ■will continue in full swing today with morning and afternoon meetings in the various special sections supplementing an address by C. V. Gregory, editor of the Prairie Farmer, on “Some Ob(Continued on page 4)
Tickets for the concert may be obtained from any Purdue Band member or may be purchased at Kienly Drug Co., Decker Bros. Book Store, McLean Music Co., or Deac’s Book Store. These ducats may be obtained at a price of twenty-five cents for students and children and a price of fifty cents will be charged for adults.
January 13, 1937 FOLLOWING yesterday’s critique on girls, such a storm of indignant protest flooded the office that the following is offered ... on boys: First of all there is the “bashful” type . . . awkward, stuttering, and blushing most of the time. He crosses the street to avoid speaking to a girl whom he has met but can’t remember her name. Hi^ vocabulary is limited to a few~^tock” phrases . . . —30— TOU are aure to run across the “sophisticated” type who imagines he is a Williapi Powell or a Warren William. This boy is very impressive and thinks himself a perfect lover who finds resisting beautiful girls not at all difficult. You can find him at dances, liored with his date, looking around for another girl. He always manages to “trade” a few dances with a “smooth gal” and usually gets her ’phone number . . . —30— NEXT comes the “boring” tsrpe of fellow. He’s a dumb-bell who doesn’t know, doesn’t want to know, and doesn’t care who knows he knows nothing. He says very little, usually “yes” or “no,” or maybe “yeah;” lights his own cigarette first; doesn’t stand in the presence of ladies . . . —30— THEN there is the “affectionate” type who insists on putting his arm around the girl and handing out the “old line.” He keeps the party going with his witty sayings, jokes, knock-knocks, and nursery rhymes . . . the party can go on forever as long as he’s present. . . —30— OP course there’s the “holy” type. He believes a girl should not smoke and thinks it outrageous for her to have a cocktail. He is usually a bad dancer who doesn’t get the proper hold on his partner, frequently losing his balance and stepping on her toes. He is interested in engineering and doesn’t hesitate to explain it to her ... ■ 30"* FINALLY is “the” boy .. strong, tall, good dancer, entertaining talker, thoughtful... truly the answer to a maiden’s prayer. He is the one who takes the girl everywhere, yet doesn’t let hie passion burst into flame at every opportune moment . . . he’s indifferent, but not cold... a gentleman... polite, considerate, and a “dam good sport.”
Hill-Billy Band, Dickey Humphrey, West Point H. S. Capture Rural Stunt Honors
By R. E. Insley
An enthusiastic crowd that overflowed Jefferson High School Gymnasium last night croWned three first prize ■winners in their annual stunt night in connection with the agricultural conference at Purdue this week. The house roared for more as their pick for first place in the Adult Rural division, the Yankee Hill-Billy Band from Young America, Indiana, swung out one tune after another. First place in the Curtain Acts went to little Dickey Humphreys of Lafayette, Indiana, for his flashy tap dancing. In the Rural High School division West Point high school of Tippecanoe County captured first place •with their original interpretation of “Honeymoon Express.” The express was depicted by a string of illuminated suitcases representing the cars of a railroad train.
$318 In Prizes Others that shared in the fun and $318 in cash awards were: Norma Jean Clash of Fountain County,
second prize in the Curtain Acts division, received $8; Jimmy and Jean Cooley of Lafayette, third, for $7. A skit entitled, “The Friendly Home” by a group from Madison Twp., Clinton County, was awarded second place in the Adult Rural group and received $30. Running second to West Point was Jackson Twp., Clinton County, with their musical production, “Seven Little Steps To Heaven.” Judges Last night’s stunts were selected from the many that went through the preliminaries Tuesday morning. E. J. Barker of Thornto'wn, Mrs. Scipio from Tippecanoe County, and Mrs. Lula Whitaker from the University 4-H Club department, were the judges.
Don Bailey HI Willi Flu
Don Bailey, sophomore assistant on the Exponent staff, is still confined to his home at 213 Harrison street, ■with the flu.
Here’s A Close One
Shaved by an axe! That’s the tale that can be verified by one J. E. Philips of Lafayette, a senior in forestry. It seems that P. Criss, a representative of the Kelly Axe Company, was looking for something impregnable on which to demonst;:ate the fine point of his axe, when his eye alighted on Phillips’ stubble. After mo-wing down the misplaced eyebrow, Mr. Criss also conducted a log chopping demonstration. For his splendid performance, and in anticipation of another free shave, the actor has been requested to appear again several times throughout the Agriculture Conference.
Lambda Chi Alpha
Lambda Chi Alpha announces the election of the folio-wing officers: president, F. J. Dubsky; -vice president, G. E. McCullough; secretary, J. P. Campbell; treasurer; F. L. Wilson; social chairman, Vernon Hill; ritual chairman, W. W. Fleming; house manages, J. B. Miles.
Tribute Paid Mrs. Meredith
Services Held In Fowler Hall; President Elliott Presided
Memorial services for the late Mrs. Virginia C. Meredith, former trustee of the University, who won nation-wide recognition as the “Queen of American Agriculture” were held yesterday in Eliza Fowler Hall. With President Edward C. Elliott presiding, tributes were paid to Mrs. Meredith’s work and memory by representatives of a number of organizations to which she contributed during her life time. The speakers included Mary Tyler, home economics senior representing Omicron Nu, home economics honorary; Lillian Murphy, home economics senior representing the Virginia C. Meredith Club; David E. Ross, of the board of trustees and others. The invocation and benediction were delivered by the Rev. W. R. Graham of the Presbyterian Church. H. Irwin Metzger, University organist, played.
Dr. Lanczos Will Teach At I. U. Next Semester
Dr. Cornelius Lanczos, German mathematician and lecturer, -will go to Indiana University next semester, taking the place of Dr. H. T. Davis, according to an announcement from Bloomington. Dr. Lanczos had been at Purdue for five years in the mathematics department.
Select Co-eds For Varsity Rifle Team
Halstead Shoots Bflghest Score; Two BigTen Meets Scheduled
Concluding a round robin tournament yesterday afternoon, the co-ed varsity rifle team was chosen from the girls having the highest scores shot during the interclass tournament. The following girls were chosen for the varsity -team: Fr^bman—Jrme Yoimg; Sophomores— Irene Boehm, Florence Caldwell, Doris Christenson; Juniors—Marjorie Blalock, Maxine Peters, Mypgaret Richey; Seniors—^Ruth'.4lh^ pach, Georgia Halstead, Louamp^ Thompson; alternates—^Mary ^u Hinchman, Emily Tubbs, Knapp, Virginia McBride, and Mary Ellen Delaplane. Average Scores The seniors won the interclass meet -with an average score of 77 while the sophomores and jimiors tied for second -with an average score of 76. The freshmen finished third -with an average score of 74. Georgia Halstead ^Jiad the highest indmdual score for the meet -with an average of 82. Florence Cald-^ well and Margaret Richey tied for second -wit han average score of 81 and Doris Christenson'finished third with an average score of 80. Big Ten Meets A meet will be held tomorrow night at 7:30 in the Women’s Gym when the varsity -will shoot against the University of Illinois. A meet with the University of Michigan is to be held during the week of January 30. These meets -will mark the first time that the co-ed rifle team has ever competed -with other teams from other Big Ten schools.
Farmers To
Select “Castles In The Air” For Union Show
‘It’s Better Than
Carmita,’ Say
Drama Critics
student Union president, J. H. Shoemaker announced last night that “Castles In The Air,” a musical comedy, had been selected for the annual Union show, to be held on the Mars stage March 13. “Castles In The Air” was written by Raymond W. Peck, with a musical score by Percy Wenrich. It ran for over a year on Broadway, in Ne-slr York City and was produced in Lafayette several years ago yby the Harlequin Club.
Tryouts For All Parts Start On February 2
Any student who can dance, sing, or act, is
Finale scene from the 1936 Union production, “Carmita.”
eligible for a place in the show. There will be, besides the principal roles, singing and dancing choruses under the direction of Albert P. Stewart and Betty Ann Plorer.
The dramatics involved in the production will be under the supervision of H. Kenn Carmichael. Initial tryouts will be held on February 2 in the Memorial Union
Building and anyone who plans tn try for a place in the show MUST be present at this time, according to Shoemaker. Wednesday morning a list will
be published in the Elsponent of the persons who are to return that day for final tryouts and later that evening the cast will be selected. Shoemaker also reC(uests that all girls interested in tryouts wear shorts or gym clothes. “Castles In The Air,” according to those who have read the script or seen the comedy, is a far better production than “Carmita,” last year^ XMen show, and is expected to exceed it in brdiiancs^ color^ and in-^ genuity.. ]
A liwB^ cast wBI he nflsdid fat this ycmr'S 8lmw»iNCxxitdixq?tn Sheet maker; because the singhm^ and' dancings dunmee witt be ineeei|^ as wdl as the indneieid partis
Diet, Wives At Purdue
By D. Paarlberg
For the rest of this week, some three or four thousand Ihdiana farmers -will be living on com flakes
and warmed-over pork and beans. Why? Because their -wives are attending the Purdue Agricultural Conference! And about the same number of wives ■will be slopping the hogs and milking an extra cow or two, because their husbands have gone to the same place. This is the field day for Indiana agriculture. This is holiday week for a host of 4-H dub boys and girls. Throughout the entire data, 4-H clubbers have be<m *ei*d**^ their stock and getting them projects in order to come to Purdue for Conference Week. Farmers and their ■wives have arranged thmr work to leave room for the Annual Ag Conference. Real Trrmt
It’s a red tr^t for them. Purdue is the focal point for Indiana agriculture. There’s plenty to learn hme—new ways of feeding and of breeding that wilt help to swell the farm income, new plans of borne furnasbiag'tluA will brigbtm up the :Runn fbteside^ and new ideas that win kegr^ipaibbxeutb its toee. lt?b » wad «n ednePiiQnik foe the geeiM^ tadvo^iqf in Iwll*
:aaife These asg the
^tbe gceesclieeiigesi^fa^
tbebxiedbeiifdibmmBSSSSBSS^BS
THR PURDUE EXPONENT
Wedneato JAINPARY 18,1987
Drum Benefit For a number of years Purdue’s Military Band has been noted for its huge drum—a 9ight familiar to all who attend the football games. But now comes new^ that the drum is at present in very poor condition, and must be repaired if our band is to use^ it in the future. For this purpose the band is presenting a concert Sunday, the proceeds of which will go for the repair of this mammoth drum. There can be no doubt that such a worthy project deserves the support of students as well as of townspeople. And when the quality of music to be heard Sunday is taken into consideration, there can be no doubt that the twenty-five cents used in the purchase of a ticket v^l indeed be well spent.
Freshman Senate Nominations University freshmen will take the first step in the process of securing representation in the Student Senate when they hold nominations for freshmen senate positions this afternoon. Although the freshmen will have time to weigh the worthiness of their candidates before elections come up, they will be wise to exercise all their judgment in making the nominations, for it is only from worthy candidates that worth-while officers can be selected. Nominations should not be made on the basis of popularity alone. While popularity very frequently goes hand in hand with ability, the selections should be made on the basis of the latter point. The fact that a mans owns an automobile, has plenty of money, or is pledged to Sigma Sigma Sigma does not make him better fitted to represent his fellow classmen. The nominees should be those who “get around”—^who know the problems confronting their class as soon as they arise. They should be conscientious—^the kind of persons who take pride in doing their work well. And above all, they should be aggressive—^they should be the Idnd who will not let themselves pr the group they represent be bullied into anything—^the kind who, if they are on the side of the minority, will continue to represent the best interest of their group without abdicating their position or making a nuisance of themselves or their cause. If the freshmen keep these points in mind when they make their selections this afternoon, they will be amply rewarded by real representation when the new members become a part of the Senate next semester. —J. E. B.
A New Way Of Crying ‘Wolf’ It is getting so that the University has too many “name” dances, and each addition to the list has the effect of a loud cry of “Wolf!” causing students to become increasingly skeptical as to the merits of each and all of the affairs. In former years the Junior Prom was the only real “name” dance of the year. As the years passed the Military Ball, the Fraternity Presidents’ Ball, the Riveters’ Rassle, the Sophomore Cotillion, and others were added to the list. Other additions swell the total so that among the “name” dances mentioned above may also b6 included the Blanket Hop, the Women’s Pan Dance, the W. A. A. dance, two co-ed bid formals, a co-ed bid informal, the Barnyard Frolic, and the Union Cabaret Dance. Indications are that the recent Sno-Shu-Shuffle will become an annual affair and will have to be added to the list. Whether or not each or any of these dances is worth the extra attention its name gives it.
tlCffe ^urtiue exponent Fonnded In 1881 •I 1936 Member 1937 ASSOCIATED COLLEGIATE PRESS Distributors of COLLEGIATE DIGEST MPRESENTEO FOR NATIONAk ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc College Publishers Rehresentatlve 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO - BOSTON • SAN FRANCISCO UOS ANGELES • PORTLAND . SEATTLE Entered as second class matter at the post office. Lafayette. Indiana. Delivered by mail. $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier. $2.60 per year; sold by single copy. 2 cents. MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087 Daily Student Publication of Pnrdue University EDITORIAL STAFF Editor-In-Chief —-W. T. Managing Editor - - JB. H. Moms Aseoelate Editors K. A. Barnette. J. E. Brock. A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. L, Sadler Siaihomore Assistants __....W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J. R. Clark, L. S. Hardin, A. B. Keller, E. H. Kellogg. K. B. O'Nen. C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance WOMEN'S STAFF Editor ... Helen Creech Aasodate Editors... .....Jeanne JanouscOc, Doris McCartney, Eliabetb Pyke Advertising Manager Betty Barnett BUSINESS STAFF Siuinesi Mftiuiser , , R, J, Hulse National Advertising Mraager L. H. Brown Leeal Advertising Manager. D. C. Miller OitgulaUon Manager — —J. P. Girard SPORTS STAFF Bditor. L. D. Wood Aasoclgtg H, Fiflrild. S, B. Griffiths, yt. P. Obenchain fone Editor—E. S. Kellogg
nevertheless eiuch addition to the list undermines the success of the others. If there were only a jfew such “name” dances, each might be classified as a “must” affair, and its prestige would not be suUide by the degrading influence of too many companions. While it is true that attempts on the part of dance chairmen to make their dances big “name” dances are beneficial to the organizations concerned, the above point should be remembered. Students do not have enough money to attend all the “name” dances, and failure to attend one of these erstwhile “must” dances occasions apathy towards the others. In view of these considerations, let it be hoped that no new “name” dances will be introduced for some years. Certainly Prom and certain others are not in the class with most of the dances named above, and should not be degraded by the multiplicity of the other “name” dances.—J. E. B.
College Intellectuals? Mrs. Carlyle Scott, manager of the Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra, has indicated she believes that the trend of college students during the last year or so toward appreciation of classical music is a fad rather than a permanent change. Last year she sponsored a series of twentyfive concerts for students of the Univerrity of Minnesota. The concerts were given on the campus by one of America’s finer symphony orchestras and were conducted by musicians of international renown. No profit was made by her organization on these concerts, the idea being rather to offer to the college students some really good music at the lowest possible prices. T^e orchestra arranged its programs so as to include the most popular of the classical compositions. This year, however, Mrs. Scott expressed her reluctance to repeat the series without definite guarantee of student support, which she has received from the Minnesota Daily. Apparently she believes that the series will not even pay expenses. By placing responsibility on the students of the University of Minnesota for the continuance of the concerts in asking for a guarantee of attendance, she is giving the American public a chance to see just how intellectual college students really are. It is an interesting question to ask how Purdue students would receive a similar opportunity.—J. E. B.
Ths Expomnt welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers*
In Defense Of Smoking
To the Editor:
I believe it is time some one arises to defend the “bewildered freshman” of Cadwallader and the few other individuals, who may not be hot-shot activity men, but who have the courage to do as they please and smoke on the campus. In other words, the hue and cry about the no-smoking tradition has passed the ridiculous stage and is well beyond the
lunatic fringe.
The difficulty with the whole matter is that an intolerant attitude has been taken from the start. The organizations responsible for reviving the “tradition” neglected to take into consideration that they represent a numerically small and far from representative portion of the student body, and that their fanatical devotion to tradition might not be shared in wild-eyed fashion by the rest of the student and faculty body. Failing to realize this, they have tried to ram the no-smok-ing ban down the throats of the rest of the students, canonizing it by frequent reference to “Purdue traditions.” The question may quite properly be asked, “What of it?” Perhaps such “traditions” have their place, but not in a large modern American University devoted to the pursuit of higher education, the cultivation of personality and the broadening of character and outlook among its students. Such traditions savor too much of the educational dogmas of the middle ages and even of the taboos of the most primitive races. The no-smoking fuss has been defended solely on the basis of its being a “tradition,” which, in the writer’s opinion is no reason at all. If there are logical reasons why there should be no smoking on the campus, such as' an executive ruling or fire hazard—^then it is up to the proper authorities to enforce the regulations to the limit, even to the extent of stopping faculty members from smoking in their offices. Otherwise, why not be sensible and forget the whole matter and let the sentimentalists drool over the old traditions?
—David J. Mack.
Do yott know? That there are over 5,000 Ag Conferencers here or have you bumped into all of them
too ...
If at first you don’t succeed, little freshman, change to science. I hjumbly wish to apologize to the basketball player mentioned in yesterday’s column and to JEANNIEPIE BEEMER—^the dope concerning you was wrong and I stand corrected—JEANNE you certainly must have turned on the charm No. 6b on Christmas Night and No. 3a on New Year’s Eve . . . To a sweet girl at Smith College who is wearing a diamond given to her by RAYLE (not RAILLE as spelt in yesterday’s column)— the little notice that appeared in yesterday’s column concerning dear JOE did not mention under any circumstances that your JOE is untrue or in love—^the romancing part only applies to the young lady mentioned . . . To those of you who are continually asking your editor if a certain pin has been returned or not the answer is yes—just a tangible example of what the editorship of this charming little column can do to one—’tis hard sometimes to ‘grin and bear it’—some of you should know ... I BILL EWOLT, who has been making the life of Kappa, SAL SCHAAF, miserable lately, is very fickle—^for a week SAL was his one and only—last week it was Alpha Chi pledge, HUFPINE— he has been laying off the women this week, but watch this column for particulars upon his next love which is developing slowly—^more later If at first you don’t succeed, keep on sucking until you do suck-ceed,. One of Dr. Muller’s final exam questions—Identify: “I will drink life to the leads—” Student’s'answer: From Tennyson’s “Standing At The Bar.” THE YALL DO Slippery ice —^very thin
Editor’s Note: It must be remembered that Mr. Mack, unfortunately, did not do his undergraduate work at Purdue, and therefore fails to have the proper insight into the true meaning and value of our traditions.
1. Refonn the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus activity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
-THURSDAY ONLYGLENDA FARRELL in “SMART BLONDE”
MARS
GUN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
“We better be getting in our bid for that transatlantic air-mail contract, Omar!”
Leslie Howard and Norma Shearer in “Romeo and Juliet’
at the MARS THEATRE FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
Pretty girl —^tumbled in Saw a boy —on the bank. Gave- a shriek —^then she sank. Boy on bank —heard her shout, Jumped right in —whelped her out.
mm LAST TIMES TODAY —DOUBLE FEATURE— CHARLIE RUGGLES MARY BOLAND in. “WIVES NEVER KNOW”
EDWARD ARNOLD
“SUTTER’S GOLD’
THUR.—FRI.—SAT. JOHNNY MACK BROWN in “UNDERCOVER MAN” —and— JOE COOK in “ARIZONA MAHONEY”
ARC LAST TIMES TODAY
—PLUS— CHARLES STARRETT in “Secret Patrol”
FRL—SAT.
with JOHN BARRYMORE And Brilliant Cost All Seats Reserved —NOW ON salebox OFFICE OPEN 11:00 A. M. to 9:00 P. M. Matinee 55c—83c Nights .................55c—83c—$1.10 Tax Included
Now he’s hers —very nice. But—she had —to break the ice. —Pile. (Continued on page 4)
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
LUNA
LAST TIMES TODAY
ROMANCE ON THE MISSISSIPPI!]
^ 'BARBARH STflmUVCK Joeim»CREfl,
Thursday - Friday - Saturday WILL ROGERS “AMBASSADOR BILL” —and— 1 DONALD COOK in “ELLIS ISLAND”
FINAL TONITE
Mae Clark-John Payne
“HATS OFF”
-Plus—
Patricia Farr
Wm. Bakewell
in
“LADY LUCK”
-STARTS TOMORROW—^Double Feature—
^ »l^ «»lt fUniny OnrdiHr, with RICARDO CORTEZ JMtil ....a d.dTRAVIS M $0*1* • Crali Reynolds. Cirlyte Moore, Jr.. Gordo UMt • Ohoctod by WitKan McGann. A Ant NiUomt Piclut-v
JANUARY 18, ik*?
THfi PiaBD0B EXPONENT
..l^<t» yiitie#...
Ainlirbseii Leadb Billiard Meet| Cblibte Tif^i
; E. Ambrosen is now leading the eiass A straight rail billiard toutiiament, by winning froih S. M. Cohee, 60 to 62, in one of the several surprises in the playoffs. Cohee who has always played lOO points in all other contests, trails with two games won and one lost, while Ambrosen has four wins. H. O. Steed has two won and one lost to his record, while J. Farrington is next with no wins and one lost, and Harold Brewer Won one and lost two. L. E. Dailey and M.
♦ ^ 4- 4
BASKETBALlf ;
44444444
4 4 >
CMirt 1—Ofheisl, Chapman
liOftrrTh^ -CW-- jw.. Jfama .Alpha. Wn^. ■fas^sisritna: Ti wrmm sistfia lAMBda.
TJpsilon-cVB. Sigma-Alpha-£p*
allon.
Conrt »-4)fficlal. M;cl>Miatd
Ward Finals
7:00—Ward 7-x vb. Ward 8. 7 :16—Ward 12-x vs. Ward 14. 8:26—Ward ,15 VB. Ward 12. 8':40—^Watd n-a-vs. Ward 6. . Court 8-H3ttieial, Ftid>art.. 7:00—Phi Kappa Tau va. Pi Kappa Alpha. 7:16—'Phi Gamma Delta vs. Kappa Delta
Rho.
8 ;40—Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Delta Theta.
H. Ingleman hnve none won and two losses each. Two new records were made yesterday in practice; S. M. Cohee reached 217 and M. H. Ingleman has 121.
What's the Big Hurry?
someoftlietliiligs he DID oathe way up/
W
TOiirin*
2><mlers Ins. Co, Sc^sty Ssntes,
Bethea 1926 aiid 'ii084. Inclusive, the rate of death from automobile accidents increased 17 per cent in urban territory of the United States. But while this change was taking place, the rate of death increased almost 100 per cent in rural territory. (Urban territory includes all towns and cities more than 10,000 population, and rural territory the remainder.) Last year there were nearly 160,000 automobile accidents which happened on rural highways which resulted in cTose to 14,000 deaths.
Many sdf these deaths^happened because drivers took chances and drove too fast for conditions, as Illustrated above. That speed is a more serious factor in deaths on highways than on city streets is indicated by the fact that at city street intersections last year deaths from almost 300,000 accidents numbered only 6,000, less than half the fatalities from accidents on highways. This information shrieks a warning about the danger of driving too fast, no matter how good a driver a person regards himself.
7
u mnu
U---
-yet every time you have your car re-
paired at Peter Anderson’s Garage, it’s
sure to be a safe investment for you.
Peter Anderson Co. Service from Sunrise to Sunrise
Phone 4048
525 Alabama
SqiiashT(e«ki
Indmiiapphs Gold And Black Take All Seven Events; First Big Ten Tilt Saturday Purdue’s varsity squash team won a complete victory over the Indianapolis Athletic Club team with all seven events won by those wearing the Gold-and Black. This victory further establishes the Boilermaker squad as one of the best in the middle west. The team’s first Big Ten encounter is scheduled for Saturday, January 16, when they travel to Urbana to meet the Illinois University racqueteers. The individual game scoring of the squad against the Indianapolis team is as follows: P) Fields 16 16 16 1 I) Sweeney 8 10 4 0 P) Lncek 16 16 16 1 ! I) Geller 6 16 0 P) Wakefield 16 12 16 16 1 1) Newton 3 16 12 10 0 P) Sokolowski 11 16 16 16 1 1) Langsenkamp .. 16 6 9 14 0 (P) Juve 16 13 17 16 1 (I) Lawrence 14 16 16 14 0 (P) Jackson 16 16 11 16 1 (I) Shiel 4 7 16 6 0 (P) Moses 16 16 16 1 (I) Wright 7 12 10 0 7 0 (P) (I)
Tracksters Work Out
Coach Martin Will Issue Call When Equipment Arrives
Boilermaker tracksters are preparing to buckle down to work in earnest. Coach Martin plans to issue a call for the ofiicial start of practice in a few days, as soon as recently ordered equipment arrives. Many of last year’s lettermen have already started working out, getting a pre-season-limbering-up, while several more are expected to turn out when practice starts oflicially. Co-Captains Williamson and Stewart are this year’s co-captains. Williamson will probably perform in the high jump, while Stewart jJlans to do broad jumping and jav^lirf^^ throwing. Goory will run the one and two-mile Terhune the one-half mile and the 440, Bluemel the one-quarter mile, and Fifield the 440. Delong and Stalcup, dash men, will probably run the 100 and 220. Bodeau, the “sophomore flash” of last fall’s cross-country team, is expected to make a name for himself in the one-half mile, while Lemen and Schilling are expected to fill their last year’s positions on the squad as hurdlers. Competition Of course, these positions are all tentative, as some of the men may change to other evmits as the season progresses. Plenty of competition for places on the squad will keep last year’s regulars and this year’s new men on their toes. The first meet of the season is scheduled for the week-end of February 12, when the Gold and Black squad will participate in a triangular meet at Chicago.
f
' 4 ♦ «
ielder’s. ByBirih Valpolo I
And 5,200. Boiletmakcr fans shouted with glee to see the farm town boys down Blctomingfon way drop by the wayside while Purdue was nosiiig out Iowa to take the Undisputed lead in.the Western Big Ten .Conference net race.. . too bad, Indiana, and so close to the licking' you are going to get next Saturday night ... ~fc— A sudden complication arose on Monday riight that had the Iowa Athletic Department tearing their hair for a few minutes . . . Official Getchell was assigned to referee the Hawkeye-Boilermaker game, but' met with an automobile accident on the way to Iowa City . . . at the last' minute Fred Winter of Grinnell was summoned to make up for Getchell’s absence ... he was moved to Larson’s umpire position and Larson took over the referee job ... team members say that both officials were blind . . . , , —fc— Brig Young is still on the top of the scoring heap by a 14 point lead . . . he has chalked up 51 points in three games for an average of 17 tallies per tussle . . . keep it up Brig, and you’ve got something there . . . next in line is Gunning of Indiana with 37 points followed by McMichaels of Northwestern, who has earned 35 . . . —^fc— The Iowa trip didn’t help Purdue with reference to the physical aspect of the journey . . . Young is favoring a charley-horse, and Glen Downey is having trouble with Water on the knee . . . both players expect to be ready for the scrap
c/etV'JSt.A. yOUA/G <*■
Jewell Young, fast, hard plajring forward of the Purdue basketball team is now well on his way to winning individual high scoring honors in the Big Trni this year.
44444444444 FRESHMAN SQUASH 44444444444
—TODAY—
4:16—^Alpha Tau Omega (A) vs.'Phi Kappa
Psi (A).
6:00—Sigma Chi (B) vs. Phi Delta Theta
(B).
5:30—'Phi Kappa Tau vs. Winn'er (Sigma Chi vs. Phi Delta Theta).
with Indiana on Saturday, however . . .
Wards Will Have Swimming Meet
The inter-ward swimming meet will be held tomorrow evening, January 14. Competition is scheduled to start at 4:15 in the gym pool. All ward managers are requested to turn the filled out entry blanks into the intramural office before the day of the meet. Every person is limited to entering in three events.
W. B. A. A.
li:00—^American In^itutions. Prof. R. Phillips, Lecture. 11 .‘eo—^Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:80—^Melody Time, Adeline Hayes, bo12 :46—Musioale. 1:00^Mediiations, Rev. William Mc-
Fadden.
I ;16—^Better Expression, Prof. Paul Fatout, “The Art of Letter Writ-
ing.”
1:80—^Rroadcast from Annual Agricul-
tural Conference, Clifik^M Gregory, Editor, Prairie Farmer,
Chicago.
2:46—Story Time.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK Mt. HAROLD J. BISK DB. ROBERT G, BISK DR.LUTHBBA.RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
Glamorom Frocks that Cost Little
With the winter’s round of dances and parties now gaily on its way, you’ll want frocks to make your entrance a real success. We present a grand collection of gowns which yon’U be proud to wear at the season’s most important formids.
PALAIS mmi
415 MAIN - ' ‘''t * rh
Coeds will begin the second semester of volleyball with renewed interest. Flans are being made for the State Play Day to be held on March 13. Nearly seventeen schools will participate. All girht inteiested in being officials at the State Play Day should sign up at tlm Women’s Gsrmnasium.
WAAS^ttflB
WRH defeat ttw GMUm in a voil^han goiakt yimierdiy eve-, ning with Elizabeth Bayee of th# Gables teani maidiig: Bie high Rosalie Totten with 14 points Ud the Chi Omega team to a 84-28 vietory over the Alpha Xfs. In the final game of the evening the Kappa’s det&kted the Alpha Clii team by a score of 34-19. . Autumn Thatcher is In charge of voUeyhall.
Tryouts for orchesis and dance club for the second semester wiH begin soon. Miss Helen Ellis asks that co-eds sign up at the Women’s Gymnasium for these tryouts.
Twelve W. A. A. sports women met at the cabin Sunday morning for a combined social and business meeting. After the girls had prepared their breakfast, they discussed the Penny Carnival which is to be held in the spring. Mildred Fitch and Regina Kelly were appointed chairmen of the W. A. A.
what's eating Y0U,FR0SH?
YOU GOTTA LEARN HOW TO STUPY^ GET YOUR PIPE,RELAX WITH A LOAD OF EOGEWORTH
SAY.TNAT$ WB - SMOOTH SMOKE!
YOU BET! THAT5
WHY IT’S CALLED THE C0UE6E
MAN’S SMOKE!*
I ATIN
IN YOUR COLLEGE COLOKI
of a $1.00 English Tfisk > Folding Pondi in Rep CloBi with Rubberized liner for only 10|^ and ono to persuade you to try Edgeworth Jr. sWd tbe inside white paraffin wrtqpper and y<*ur dinie together with the Conpcnt (or print .ydnr name, college and address on the wrapper)—and we wilt send yonr pouch. Only one to a customer.
’■A A"'’
SPEBIAl QfTER
I l4umABm.QB^RisliMSMk4^Va, » fNwilniari finA wMt nmm ImM* vhtta R
t iwnffia fiMMU a te alRiaovMwd: Jr., Sw vfUdt ■ani. aM^Kt^ vala* sUR ( tabaftBagauLtaaiy o»li«AiLaBfcna. yPtmm.
iriaw.)
1^ ilAHtwn
iiiOawiii
I €W,.yilWB' . .,11 , .1 I u. ii I III. ,
■'
‘ ''hIl^
THE EOEDDE EXPONENT
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St- Phone 27T9.
Good Printing—Psihloss prices. Fast service. Near as yo*tt phone. Call 5205. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th street.
Lost—Orange and gold Parker eversharp in Math 0, division Xa’s class. Reward. Voss, 52^ Wood street.
Room and Board—t or three students, boys, next semester at 317 Chauncey. Phone 4311.
NOTICES No notices accoptod after S p. m.
Chemistry 30, 108—Condition examinations will be given in room 101, Education Building at 1 p. m., January 16. Applications must be made by January 16 —NELSON.
Deck Tennis—^These games must be played some time tefore Friday, January 16, at
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION i. RmSNER
H. G.
6 p. nu: Shaffer, Homphregra va. Wetael, Bush; dreenburtc. Cook vs. Aiild, Cbnner; Lockner, Johhson va. Venemanti, _Pyser;
Hibner, Wilson vs. H^stead, Kel&; Char^)
-r—“-.like, Boehm
Fiteh w. Campbell, Van Rite; vs. Walker, Cross. —RIBTH.
Glider Club—Flight schedules are posted in garage. —F ABWELli*
Ceres—AH members meet in the reading room in Ag. Hall January IS, at 4:30 p. m. Election of officers for the second semester. —FREEMYER.
Workshop—Our committee meet in the workshop at 4 p. m. January 13. —SHEETZ, WIEGANDT, PITTS.
W. S. G. A.—Important meeting of the executive board ih the office at 7:16 p. m. January 13. —COPELAND.
Men’s Glee Club—Rehearsal January 13 in Fowler Hall at 4 p m. Use North door. —STEWART.
Independent Staff—Very short meeting at 7pm January 13 —MEACHAM.
Alpha Zeta—^No meeting January 18. —HARDIN.
Newman Club—Regular meeting in room D of Memorial Union Building at 4:16 p. m January 13. Important —CARTON.
Kappa Psi—Meeting January 14 at 7 .30 p m in Room 206 in the Pharmacy Building —ARTH.
Westminster Foundation Cabinet—Meeting at 5:30 p m January 14, at Foundation House —SADLER
W. A. A. Volleyball—Kappas vs. Ward 4, in large gym at 4 p m. WRH 3rd Floor vs Ward 3, in small gym at 4 p m Bronx vs. WRH 2nd Floor No. 1, in large gym at 4 30 p m Thetas vs. WRH 2nd Floor No. 2, in small gym at 4 '30 p m —THATCHER.
A filler in the DePauw: FotlND— A girl’s pretty orinch sweater with bows and tassles. Left at GOP rally October 29. Loser may claim at office of The Depauw. One of the many services to one of many readers.
ADULT DANCING CLASSES OPEN
BALLROOM
Beginner’s Wednesday, Jan. 13 .
. .. 7:30P.M.
Advanced Friday, Jan. 15
. ..7:30 P.M.
TAP
Beginner’s Friday, Jan. 15 .
6:30 P. M.
Intermediate Wednesday, Jan. 13
9:00 P.M.
Advanced Thursday, Jan. 14
6:30 P.M.
ENROLL NOW. PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S
6th and Ferry
AS small boys, many fathers now living knew the JLjL telephone only as a little used curiosity. It grew into today*s constantly used necessity largely because the Bell System never ceased looking for the new and better way. It stayed young in its thinking. Young ideas developed **conference service**, ena> bling several nearby or widely separated persons to talk on one telephone connection. Yoimg ideas steadily made long distance service better, quicker, yet cheaper. Young ideas are at work day and night to makn Bare America continues to get more and better service lor its telephone dollar.
Why not colt Mofhor or Dad tonight?^ %p|Of to imost points ore lonioit ofter 7 F. Al.
Music Group Prominent At Ag Conference^
At the 1937 agricultural conference program this week, music is a special feature. Monday evening, the Concert Choir gave a fifteenminute variety program for the Indiana Corn Growers’ Association in the Union ballroom. Yesterday the choir sang at the memorial services for Mrs. Virginia Meredith. The Men’s Glee Club will sing before the general assembly of the conference in Eliza Fowler Hall, tomorrow. The Tippecanoe County Chorus sang at the women’s luncheon yesterday. Today, directors of some twenty choruses in the state will lunch together. Some of the choruses will take part in the festival which is part of the conference, this evening. Preceding the festival choruses are invited to attend a these choruses are invited to attend a dinner in the educational building of the Central Presbyterian Church. All the music is in charge of Albert P. Stewart, Purdue musical director.
Schedule Skit Shop Drama For Feb. 3
starting a series of four dramatic productions, the PIA Skit Shop will present its initial play on the Independent Night Program on February 3. A play, two skits, or a niusical show is scheduled. These entertainments will be open to the public Emily Jane Myer and Ralph Maby are in charge of the P. I. A. drama group. The plays used will be those of high place winners in the Ray M. Southworth Script contest. The quartet from Tune Shop and the P. I. A. Dance band will supplement the programs. Wilson C. White is the general manager of the project.
Short Course For Ag Students Opens
All men who are planning to attend the eight weeks winter course in agriculture at Purdue, should plan to make application for admission before January 18. Classes are open in any one of the following courses; general agriculture, animal husbandry, dairy production, and dairy manufactures. The University’s facilities will be available to the students for instructional purposes according to an announcement made yesterday by V. C. Freeman, assistant dean of the school of agriculture.
Wesley Penny Arcade Changed To February 2
A change in the date of the Penny Arcade, formerly called the Penny Carnival, sponsored by the Freshman Commission of Wesley Foundation, from February 3 to 2 h?is been necessitated by a basketball game falling on the former night. The Arcade, which will be given in the First Methodist Church, at Main and South streets, will include a short one-act play, a sideshow, fish pond, apple-ducking, novelties, ping-pong, telegram booth, popularity contest, beauty parlor, and baby pictures. ^
MDU ARE CORDIALLY INVITED
To
bring your guests to the Union Club for their stayover on the campus. They will be more than pleased with immaculate modern rooms having private shower# Inner coil spring mattresses, modern furnishings, private telephone, efficient service, and a smaiT address . . . all at a reasonable cost.
Time: Day or Night—^Any Day
OF THE
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
Corner of the Campus—^Yet the Center of Activities
Name ’36 Corn King At Ag Conference (Continued from page 1)
Two Students Receive Flying Club Licenses
Over 90 flying hours have been acquired by the members of the Flying Club, since the purchase of a ship in November. James Whitney and Jane Templeton have already received licenses, and O. E. McCracken is working on his. Other club members are preparing themselves for licenses, and before the year is out twelve are expected to have them. Five more memberships are open in the club yet. Several of the members will be sent to the National Intercollegiate flying meet in the spring to compete with other universities. Chamber Of Commerce
To Give Faculty Smoker
The 132 new faculty men of the University will be honored at a smoker which is to be held Wednesday, January 20, at the Fowler HoteL This smoker is being arranged by the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce with Noble Eizer, as chairman of the Chamber committee on Purdue relations, in charge. President E. C. Elliott will give a talk which will be followed by a short program and refreshments.
servations In Europe” at the general session. Today will also be marked by the opening of the annual meetings of the Indiana Corn Growers’ Association, the Indiana State Vegetable Growers’ Association, and the Indiana Draft Horse Breeders’ Association, as well as those of three beef cattle association meetings. Horticulture Dinner The annual Horticulture dinner, as well as the anuual banquets of the Indiana Livestock Breeders’ Association and the Indiana Guernsey Breeders’ Association, will be held this evening, followed by a music festival featuring Indiana county choruses. In yesterday’s sessions, forestry and conservation were discussed by University staff members. Approximately 60 Indiana clubs were represented at a special “older youth and young adult” program, marking the first attempt to get members of older youth organizations together for a conference meeting. Orgahization Prof. J. B. Cunningham, of the University of Illinois, addressed, a joint meeting of farm management men and the livestock group yesterday afternoon, using as his subject, “Organizing The Com Belt Farm For Profit.” Yesterday morning a swine program occupied the attention of the livestock men, as sectional meetings on eleven different subjects relating to agriculture and home economics were in session. Following a luncheon yesterday noon for the women who attended the Triennial Conference of the Associated County Women of the World, the afternoon was devoted to a symposium of rural electrification, as well as to other agricultural subjects.
Under The Mirror Book notes from l;he BrowsinK Room
AND FEAR CAME By John T. Whitaker Written by a correspondent of the New York Herald Tribune, this book is a dramatic account of the many incidents which have taken place in Europe during tvthe past few years. It is full of stirring scenes and anecdotes which make characters and pictures alive and real. The opening chapters present an eyewitness’ account of Mussolini’s war in Africa. Here are also dramatic stories of the “Purge” in Berlin and the murders of Dollfuss and Alexander. Most interesting, too, are the author’s reactions to these various tragedies and his opinion of communism, fascism, and democracy.
Devol To Speak At Multiproforum
“Criminal Procedure” will he the subject of the talk to be given by Judge Brenton A. Devol, Lafayette attorney, at the Multiproforum meeting in room B of the Memorial Union Building, tonight at 7:30 p. m. The meeting, which will be open to the public, is sponsored by the adult education division of WPA. Judge Devol, who is a member of the law firm of Stuart, Stuart, and Devol is a former Clinton county prosecutor as well as former judge in the Clinton circuit court.
John W, Hammond, ’32, Takes Bendix Position
Having taken a new position with the Bendix Corporation in Chicago, John W. Hammond, ’32 1. E., has resigned as operator and technician for the University radio station, WBAA. His new job as research engineer comes after seven years of radio work at the University. The assistant operator Ralph Townsley, ’33 E. E., is in temporary charge of WBAA. In February, according to Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the school of electrical engineering, James Ebel, of Iowa, will assume the job of part time operator and technician, while carrying graduate work. Ebel has a B. S. degree in physics and mathematics. He attended both Iowa State college and the University of Iowa.
Traphagen Art Work Shown In Design Bldg.
Art work done by students of the Traphagen School of Fashion in New York City is being exhibited in room 202 of the Applied Design Building until January 16. Variety of Work Shown The exhibit gives an accurate idea of the type and variety of the work done by this school. In the group are a number of pen and ink drawings, black and white layouts, costume designs in water color, theatrical designs, modern silhouettes, and silhouettes of period costumes from the twelfth to eighteenth century.
Battery F-3 Wins Corps Inspection
Members of Battery F-3 won six merits apiece as the result of placing first in the corps' day inspection yesterday in the armory.‘Battery F-1 was second and received four merits, while two merits were awarded to Battery F-2 for placing third.
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
Frosh Senate Nominations Today (Continued from page 1)
inations were approved yesterday, and are as follows:
Agriculture and Physical Education—Room 202, Physics Building. Engineering—^Eliza Fowler Hall. Home Economics—^Room 201, Education Building. Science — Stanley Coulter Hall. Pharmacy—^Room 301, of the Pharmacy Building.
The date of the freshman rally at which the chosen candidates will be allowed to present stump talks on their behalf, has been changed to Friday afternoon at 4 o’clock in Fowler Hall. All candidates are required by a Senate ruling to attend this meeting. Elections for these offices will take place at registration next semester.
“Fatty” Clark, the 356-pound star guard who played with the University of Arkansas in 1930 and ’31, was the largest college football player in the world.
B. and B. 1 (Continued from page 2)
(Continued from page 2)
Prof. Hughes, in math, class: “It looks as if finals are here to stay for awhile.” Voice from the back of the room: “So am I.”
Hot water bottles aren’t the only ones that keep one warm . . .
Nick Shea: “Why is proposing to a co-ed like a horse race?” Don Tam: “I’d have to ask— spring it.” Nick: “The finish is always neck and neck, of course,” •
' SCHANTZ-HANSEN: “What do you think of the Lafayette Art Museum?” HARVEY CLINE: “Oh, the pictures are good enough, but there ain’t no good jokes under them.”
JOE RUSH: “Why is it that men like the co-eds that neck better than the others?” JIM HORAN: “What others?”
PASSES, PAASSES, PAAAsses, to the MARS is the award fo the diligent person who turns in the best articles for this column . . .