f f •> ttr ■ijf’ ^ -r
^4
i „ i
'
■ * : .ZrMm
■ * : .ZrMm
eriie Puriue lExpaneirt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVin
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1937
NUMBER 102
Debris Makes Final Beauty Selections
Pictures Of 12 Girls To Adorn Pages Of Year Book
Wes Dwight announced the final selection of the 1937 Debris beau"iiies yesterday. The 12 girls chosen were Betty Barnette, Louise Bain, Ruth Ezra, Frankie Ford, Mary Ellen Forsman, Jessie Graham, Jean Hanley, Virginia Hulse, Mary Ed Johnson, Dotty Kuehn, Rosemary Milburn, and Betty Renn. These 12 girls were chosen by Samuel Pidgeon, well-known Indianapolis photographer, and Joseph Todd authority on year-books, from a list of 22 co-eds selected by 15 seniors prominent in campus activities. Five Pictures There are five pictures in all. These will represent the different times of the day, morning, luncheon, afternoon, and'evening. The morning picture shows Betty Renn, and Mary Ellen Forsman on the way to school. The luncheon scene is set in the Grill Room showing Betty Barnette, Dotty Kuehn, Jessie Graham, and Frankie Ford lunching at a table. There are two afternoon shots. One was taken in the Sweet Shop and caught Mary Ed Johnson and Jean Hanley sipping sodas at the fountain. The other shows Rosemary Milbum and Virginia Hulse gazing pensively through a rain-spattered window. The last picture, representing the evening, shows Ruth Ezra and Louise Bain formally attired and ready to leave for the dance.
Unsettled
By Tempy TIm Exponent Wenther Moum
//
30
ff
By Hugh Morris
February 24, 1937 SOME time ago the Atlantic Monthly reprinted the complete text of this literary oddity: “In promulgating your esoteric cogitations and articulating your superficial sentimentalities and psychological observations, beware of platitudinous ponderosity. Let your conversational communication possess a clarified conciseness, a concatenated cogency, a goalescent consistency. Eschew jejune babblement, asinine affectation, and flatulent garrulity. Seduliously avoid polysyllabic profundity and vainglorious rhodomontade ... That is, don’t use big words
—30— MOTHERS are a great institution, and I believe they are here to stay . . . especially mothers like the one who wrote to Ben Schmoker, secretary of Minnesota’s Y. M. C. A. She said, “I am sending you three suits of woolen underwear under separate cover. Please see to it that my boy wears them as he should this cold weather!” —30— MAGIC to make your financial worries vanish! That’s the way O. H. Beahr, a student at the University of California, does it . . . for five years he has been snatching eggs out of the air, pulling rabbits out of hats, and slipping out of the handcuffs and strait-jackets ... before audiences. He has put himself through school with his prestidigitation (with apologies to Atlantic Monthly) ... —30— NEITHER fire nor water could chase two Columbia (aw classes from the building! In true “show must go on” style, the classes continued until they could be dismissed “by a decision of a higher codrt” while volunteer firemen poured streams of water into the classroom. One of the budding lawyers, asleep during the proceedings, ran from the smoke-filled class-room when awakened ...
Prom Parties Prepare Final Camp^ Stands
Naturals Respond To Queries On Election Platform
Ruth Grimm ‘Couldn’t Act’
Denied Role In H. S. Play; Now Coaches The Leads In Union Show
Denied a role in a High School play because she “couldn’t act,” Ruth Grimm, a senior in home economics, has climaxed her career by coaching the leads for “Castles In The Air.” ^ Miss Grimm, a graduate of Warsaw High School, has done both straight and character parts for “Playshop” and “Little Theater” besides having played opposite Fred Ahrens as Lucy, the comedienne of “Carmita,” last year’s Union Show. Among the campus plays in which she has appeared are “Outward Bound,” “Three-Cornered Moon,” “Alice Sit-By-The-Fire,” “Behold This Dreamer,” “Ladies Of The Jury,” and “Her Master’s Voice.” She also has a part in “The Front Page,” a Little Theater production billed for March 1 and 2. Though she has coached a number of plays and skits, this will he her first big assignment as a director. Betty Granger HI Rehearsals have been proceeding without Betty Granger, the leading lady, who 'is Tecovering from a cold. With the return of Miss Granger, practice will be speeded up. All of the leading characters know the lines, says Miss Grimm, and the show promises to be in good trim when the curtain goes up on March 13. Choruses and leads for the first act will practice together for the first time on Thursday, and different sections of the show will be fitted together as they round into shape. “I have a fine cast to work with,” said Miss Grimm. “Betty Granger is a good actress with a fine voice, and I’m sure her absence won’t hurt her performance. Bill Jones, Fred Ahrens, Karl Mueller, and all the others take their parts beautifully. They all had their lines learned in two weeks. Martha Whitehead and Mary Ed Johnston both sing well. Thompson, Gaby Roe, Willcox, Jerry Ciral, Leonard Everett, Sal Palma, and Tom Garland round out an excellent supporting cast. George Claypole is assisting with the direction. He’s a veteran of last year’s show, and is a real help.” “Swell Hobby” Interviewed in the Union Cafeteria last Sunday night after the presentation of the cast Miss Grimm expressed enthusiasm for the future—both the show’s and her own. She wants to keep on ‘wjth dramatics as a hobbyand thinks she would like to enter the business field, preferably a connection with a retail store. But the tall dark gentleman who escorted hef'seemed as if he might have an idea or two of his own on that subject. '
Mullen To Discuss Organized Labor
Carl H. Mullen, head of the Indiana State Federation of Labor, will speak on “Aims And Objectives Of Organized Labor” before the' adult edudation Group at 7:30 this eveping in room B of the Memorial Union Building.
We write this article in answer to a number of questions concerning our campaign policies. The most frequently asked was, “Why has not your party put on an extensive and expensive campaign that seems to be the order of the day?” In the first place, we realize that it takes money to put on an extensive canvassing and also do not quite see where we would be able to recover that money from the Prom. We believe that the students should get the best dance possible for the amount of money they pay to attend. If elected, we intend to give them that kind of a dance without the additional worry of .trying to recover campaign expenses from the Prom. Too Serious? Perhaps we are treating this election too seriously and should enter into the elections with the idea of seeing how much space we can cover with our names. However, we believe the^Prom is one of the biggest events of college life and that it should be treated with due respect. We hope that our past rec ords in school activities show us as capable of handling this position. Favor Late Hours Another question asked, “What would be your ideas as to the time that the Prom should close ? ” There is a question we hesitate to answer, since we realize that no Prom committee has the power to take that decision from W. S. G. A. We can only say that we are in favor of the latest hours that can be secured. There are our ideas upon the subject. We hope that you will agree, “IT’S A NATURAL!” Signed—Bill Bailey, Roger DeLong, Chuck Ehinger. Jack Goory, Tom Graham, Petie Light, and Ron Murray.
Seven Aces To Give Away Four Comps At Tonight’s Rally
How “Seven Aces” got into the deck to make a campus “New Deal” possible will be the theme of the “Seven Aces” political rally at 8 o’clock tonight in the cafeteria of the Memorial Union Building. Some lucky junior will be presented with a full week-end’s entertainment at the rally tonight. Handbills, each bearing a different number, will be distributed on the campus to juniors today. Prom Price Prize The person holding the handbill bearing the lucky number at the rally tonight will receive the price of a Prom ticket, two theater passes for the Saturday afternoon after Prom, a Student Union mixer comp for that Saturday night, and a ticket for a dollar’s worth of food in the grill room of the Memorial Union Building. To insure fair play at the rally drawing. Dr. L. M. Sears, of the history department, will pull out the lucky number. Drawings will be continued until some junior present wins the prize. Torch Light Parade A torch-light parade will precede the rally. The parade will form on Northwestern avenue in front of the Electrical Engineering Building at 7:30. The line of march will follow down Northwestern avenue to the village, then up State street to the Union Building and into the cafeteria. Chalk-talks, speeches and music will feature the rally program. The “Seven Aces” h^ve issued an invitation to their political opponents to attend the rally also.
Estey To Address Alliance Group
Prof. J. A. Estey will address an open meeting of the Purdue Student Alliance group tonight at 7:30 in the peasant room of the Union Building upon the subject “Making Democracy More Effective.” Prof. Estey will discuss effects of concentration of economic power upon democracy, and consider the possibilities of having both an effective democracy and a great economic concentration in the same State. Following the address. Prof. Estey will answer questions from the audience.
25 Cadets Attend Bryan Rites Today
Voters Must Have Schedule Cards
Juniors and seniors must bring their class schedule cards to the Student Senate polls in the Memorial Union Building tomorrow in order to vote for Junior Prom and Gala Week committee candidates, Dick Craig, chairman of the Senate elections committee announced last night. Each voter will also be required to sign a voting card as additional proof of his identity, Craig said. ^ The one restriction on wide open campaigning—electioneering in the Union Building during election hours—will be strictly enforced, Craig announced.
Twenty-five fellow R. O. T. C. students will today attend the funeral of C. E. Bryan, the senior forestry student who died at his home Sunday afternoon. The fellows who will go were all friends of Bryan and attended the R. 0. T. C. caPip at Fort Knox with him. They will be fully attired in military uniform. They will travel to Culver in a convoy of four trucks belonging to the Purdue Corps.
REGISTRATION CHECKS
Students who worked for the Registrar during the February Registration may obtain their checks by calling at the Registrar’s office. RALPH B. STONE, Registrar.
I^urbue exponent JnOtitute 01 Campuo (i^ptnton
JUNIOR PROM COMMITTEE (Vote For Seven) THE NATURAL PARTY THE SEVEN ACES PARTY
W. F. Bailey—Y—
□
Louise Bain—<1
_o
R. G. DeLong
□
V. Farrow
□
C. D. Ehinger
□
A. H. Forster
T. W. Graham—
□
E. W. Korty
-O
J. E. Goory
□
R. T. Reid
□
Mary J. Light
□
M. A. Schreyer
□
J. R. Murray
□
F. T. Sheets
□
GALA WEEK COMMITTEE
(Vote For
Six)
D. E. Black
□
G. 0. Bell
-□
June G. Lippert—
□
A. D. Lutgens
J. C. Ohaver
□
Cloyd D. Smith-.-
□
-
D. F. Williams
Freshman □ Sophompre □ Junior Q Senior □ Graduate □ Fao’ty □ Other □ (Check One)
Clip this straw ballot, fill it out, and bring or mail it to the Exponmit office, 812 North Fifth street, or dr<H^ it in fhe Exponent box at the Union desk.
Tower Theater To Hold Tryouts Tomorrow At 4
Tryouts for Tower Theatre will be held in the Playshop office of the Memorial Union Building tomorrow afternoon at 4 o'clock. For the second semester season the organization will present a series of three one-act plays late in March and another series sometime in the month of May. Tower Theater is an experimental organization for the development of student one-act plays. Last year they presented, “Alchemy” and “Psycopathy Becomes O’Neill” both of which were repeated for local organizations. “Alchemy” has since been published and will soon appear in the “Fourth Year Book of Short Plays” put out by Roe Peterson Company. This year the tower room of the Union is equipped, for stage presentations, and it is the aim of Tower Theater to equip the room for the use of Playshop. H. K. Carmichael, director of the group, urges all students who have appeared in previous Tower Theater presentations to attend the tryouts tomorrow.
Junior Prom Straw Vote Returns Close
^Aees* Lead ‘^Naturals^ By SmaH Margin; Li»t ciiance To Vote Todby Members of the “Natural” par^ closed the lead established bp the “Seven Aces” in yesterday’s returns, until all 14 candidates are running “neck and neck” with only 11 votes difference between highest and the lowest. The Exponent Institute of Campus Opinion ballot will be printed for the last time today, in order that the final returns can be published in tomorrow’s paper. No vote will be counted unless received at the Exponent office before 6 p. m. tomorrow. Results of the straw voting to date, with 231 ballots counted, are: Junior Prom Committee—^Bain 183, Forster 183, Reid 182, Schreyer 182, Farrow 180, Korty 180, Sheets, 180, Bailey 176, DeLong 176, Graham 176, Goory 176, Ehinger 174, Light 173, and Murray 173. Gala Week Committee—^Lippert 217, Smith 211, Lutgens 209, Black 204, Williams 195, Ohaver 181, and Bell 139.
Editor Of New York Times Dies After 15 Years Service
State Assembly Passes Purdue Ag Research BiU
A resolution to permit Purdue to accept federal funds for agricultural research was sigrned yesterday and sent to the secretary of state’s office as an act of the 1937 general assembly of the state of Indiana. The grant last year was nearly $200,000 and may be increased this year.
Men’s Glee Club To Sing At C. C. Dinner
Rollon Ogden, editor of the New York Times for the past 16 years succumbed to a pulmonary congestion at the age of 81 last Monday. For nearly half a century he has been a vital factor in newspaper development. Before accepting his position on the Times, he had previously spent 29 years as editor of the New York Evening Post, after 12 years of preparation for the job. Liberal His editorial policy had always been libereal and progressive, advocating woman suffrage, world peace, and upholding the rights of negroes. He carried his policies with him when he joined the Times and fought a vigorous fight against the Tammany Hall rule. Until a week before his death, he remained at his desk, in spite of eye trouble, lending his alertness and vigor to every problem of his paper. He died in a New York apartment, with his son and dau^ter attending at his bedside.
Under the direction of A. P. Stewart, the Men’s Glee Club will present a variety program of four numbers at the annual Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce dinner in the Memorial Union ballroom this evening at 6:30. Ted Feucht will accompany the group and Charlotte Stewart will be the guest soloist.
Boudreau To Lecture On Anti-Aircraft Guns
Major Napoleon Boudreau, Coast Artillery Corps, the Acting Adjutant General of the Indiana Military Area, will deliver a lecture on anti-aircraft guns, illustrated with motion pictures, in the basement of the postoffice building, at 7:30 Thursday. All regular army, national guard, and reserve officers are invited to attend.
Beg Your Pardon
The Pmrdue Glider Club, not the Purdue Flying Club, as erroneously stated in yesterday's Exponent, will hold an^pen meeting this evening at 7:16 in the reception. room of the Union Building,
FRESHMEN
All freshmen desiring to work on the Circulation Staff the Exponent, report to the Exponent office, 812 North Fifth street, Lafayette, any afternoon next week a^Eter 4 o'clock. —HULSE.
Co-eds Permitted Two O’clock Hours At Women’s Pan BaU
Members of the Women's PanHellenic Association may dance to the swing music of Jimmy Garrett from 9 till 2 Friday in the Memorial Union ballroom, according to an announcement made last night by Mary Jean Light, chairman of the committee. Garrett’s band is now playing at the Casino Parisienne of the Hotel Morrison in Chicago. Garrett plays the piano and makes all the arrangements for the band. He organized the band while he was a student at the Royal Military Academy, Kingston, Ont. Two Dollars Tickets, priced at $2, are available at all sorority houses.. Women who are members of sororities not represented on this campus may purchase tickets at the Union desk, upon presenting proof of their affiliations. The other members of the FanHellenic committee are Virginia Richards and Mary Gene Jarretk
Animal Husbandry Buys $1,000 Horse
The animal husbandry department of the University yesterday paid one thousand dollars for the thres-ysar-sld Perchit<m, Mslen, al' a Belgian herse show held at Indianapolis,/
i
J
^mSmmSm
THBT PURDtJB B^tPONENT
ftrte $ttrl>ue Exponent
rtMUiMta IMS
Mwi M Maoad cImb nsttor ai the poet offlee> Lafajett^ Indten^ Delivered ^ dSwered^ earriSr. ^60 per year; «eM hy a ringle copy. 2 cento.
PlwMMtS
OFFICB—S12 North Fifth Street
Bditorial Phone 8087
Daily Stadent Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL BOARD OF CONTROL R. J. Hulee, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF
>UM^to SditmT...JL A.“Baimetter BroSV'Al H. Forsto, R. P. Manion, C. K SoBhaiBoie Aaeistants W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J.R Clark Bophomore Aseistantt....^ ^ ^ ^ L S^baek, D. R. Vww
E. H. KellogK, K. E. O Neil
J5. H. Morris
Business Manatrer. National Advertisins: Manager.. Local Advertising Manager. Circulation Manager
BUSINESS STAFF „ t rr i _ R. J. Hulse ^ ^ Brown jj ^ ! .J. P. Girard
SPORTS STAFF
A^^Edi^..:::;.:::::::::::zi:z:;;:z:::i h. fHfieid;s.'R: Griffiths, f. obenchain
..L. D. Wood
Editor. Associate Editors AdvertisiBg Manager.—
WOMEN'S STAFF Helen Creech jf^nne Jano^k, Doris McCartney, Elizabe^ Pyke Eetty Barnett
Issue Editor—D. A. Bailey
Alabama Looks Good Many capitalists have howled because the government has driven the interest rates down to almost one percent. However, many small time and large corporations, when in need of ready cash, find savings of great amounts of money through lower interest rates. Still Talladega County of Alabama pays no interest charges, has no funded debt, and has a jail, a courthouse, two annexes, and 800 miles of all-weather roads paid-as-it-goes. In Alabama it is the counties that have to pay for the roads. Rural Alabama, such as Talladega County with no town over 7,600 population, is not the richest section of the country, yet its pay-as-you-go system is suffice for the necessities for which its neighbors run into debt. The county’s most recent adventure into social welfare work is the building of homes for aged persons with very limited incomes. This is not to be confused with the county pbor farm or the almshouse but seeks to give the aged a more comfortable surrounding than they could afford individually. In an age of centralized government where the smaller units look to the larger ones for support, financially, it is interesting to find a county which has gone for over 100 years on a pay-as-you-go basis, a century which included the South’s Civil War and Reconstruction Period. Although it is splendid to see a government that can have so clear a record of funded debt, such examples are few and far between and probably couldn’t be inaugurated ^in all such units because of certain public officials. There are such personages in all governments and they can not be rid of until our system of politics is changed.—R. N. W. In Defense Of Commercial Aviation To the Exponent: During the last three months, commercial aviation has taken a terrific beating. In its defense, I would like to reproduce in the Exponent, Col. Gorrell’s recently published editorial: “Contrary to the average impression resulting from recent dramatization of ai:p>lane accidents, domestic airlines in this country have established a record for safety this year that is substantially better than any previous twelve-month period, and one which they are making and will continue to make even better. “United States airlines this year have transported a total of 1,140,000 passengers of whom only 45 lost their lives in accidents to regularly scheduled airliners operating over established airways. Translated into passenger-miles, it is possible to fly on a scheduled transport plane at an average speed of 160 miles per hour for 17 years, 1 month, three weeks, and 21 hours before meeting with a fatal accident, according to official statistics of the leading casualty and surety companies. “Of the three scheduled airline accidents during the recent weeks involving fatalities, two of the companies had operated for ten years without a single passenger fatality or injury. The other company had just completed 125,000,000 passengermiles without injury to a pa,ssenger. It is noteworthy that over 1,050 people and 14 tons of mail are in the air every second out of the twenty-four hours on regularly established United States airlines. “These statistics are not quoted to prove that airlines are satisfied with this record. Airlines in the country are now engaged in the most extensive technical research and development program in their history involving their own expendi ture of over $11,000,000. This work is being carried on in conjunction with federal and state aviation programs, and features improvements in aircraft, powerplants, and ground and air navigational facilities. People of this country should rea lize that the United States airlines, which are the safest of any in the world, have a very definite research program outlined and under way.” Purdue is playing a very active part in this development. Commercial aviation has passed out of the “baleing-wire days” and is now one of our foremost means of transportation. —M. F. S., Jr.
WffO SAID THE BETAS ABE NOT LADWS MEN ... four pins in one week-end . . . the two most recent additions to the mentioned list in yesterday's colyum are . . . BILL DILLON, the curly-liaired romancer of the hotel, shoved his pin at EDNA HUTSON—a Chi 0 —and it seems that she couldn’t resist his persistence . . . the other is STEVE GUTTING, ShelbyviUe flash, who put his diamond shield on Indiana U. Pi Phi, MARTHA MULL—one of those high school romances . . . HEY, HEY I ! Sing a song of sick gents, Pockets fvU of rye. Four and twenty highballs. We wish that we might die. —Swiped . . . THEY'RE WOWS . . . the DEBRIS PERSONALITY GAL PHOTOS which were taken last week for this year’s DEBRIS are really O.K. . . . they’re different, they’re expressive, they're real, they’re there, . . . your editor had a preview (without DWIGHT’S knowledge) of these yesterday . , . the pictures to be used have been sent to the engravers . . . even the girls represented didn’t see the photos . . . looks like that section of the DEBRIS will really be O.K. , . . THE GIRL who takes a frat pin is only trying to show the world that she can pin at least one man down . . . THE FELLOW who puts out his pin doesn't know any better . . . AND WHAT A DANCE ... the formal dance the Phi Kappas held last Saturday night was one of the top-notchers of the season , . . after the dance a DU active and a Phi Kap pledge got into an argument as to which was the most calloused to paddling ... a paddle was then tyought forth ... the Phi Kappa pledge seemed to have been the most calloused for it was on that pledge that one of those supposedly guaranteed paddles broke . . , A NEW REMEDY . . . when BOB HELM, lanky Sigma Nu, got some sort of stomach pain, he asked one of the brothers, “What’s a good remedy for such a pain?” ... the reply was, “Go stand on your hands and plank your feet up against the wall” . . . ten minutes later found HELM in his room standing on his hands and feet marring the wall. WHO—MARS—WHO The following is the initiation of a new type of MARS PASS CONTEST . . . thumbnail sketches of well-known members of the faculty
This Word—Tight!
Many words in the English language have come to mean a number of things. Now, take this word, “tight”: —Back in the period of classical literature, it meant neat. —state of inebriation, also known as intoxication. —reluctant to part with one’s money, Scotch. —one of a pair, worn by acrobats. —^a human contoon during exciting moments, tense. —compressed, squeezed together from either side. —a spot, which places the responsibility for the “next move” upon an indicated individual or party. —an editorial nemesis which means that the business manager has the paper jammed with ads. It means that things you meant to run aren’t printed because they won’t fit “open” spots; and things you hadn’t meant to run are printed because they fit, (That’s how this got in.)—^The University of Washington Ihmy.
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Wednese^y, Pebfqary 24, 1087
aitd student body will be given in the eotywm for the rest of the week ... the person turning in the greatest nimher of right answers will receive the MARS PASSES for the we6k . . ^ EXAMPLE-^ We all salute him everywhere ... he runs the campus, there is no doubt. . . he’s loved by all... his walk has a fast and furious gait... he is our royal potentate . . . WHO—“Prexy.” NOW YOU TRY IT , He yells his lungs out one day a week ... he has a girl in the south . .-. he wears a yellow sailor cap ... he lives in a house whose lot comes to a point ... he is on the top . , , WHO AGAIN .. . She has a lot of dames under her win^. . . she has been away on a trip . . . she is the big-shot on the campus of her sex . . . she is sometimes mistaken for the head of a dorm . . . WHO NOW . . . What fellow calls all the gals, “Baby” . . . and calls all the fellows “Tough-guy” ... he heads an activity on the campus ... he doesn’t live in his fraternity house ... he wears the dirtiest cords on the campus . . . ■ WHO
A HINT . . . Two of the above mentioned are students and one is a member of the University staff . . . NOW ... Fill in your choice where it says WHO and turn it in at the Union desk ... be sure to sign your name along with your choice . . . address to yours truly . .
NOTICES No noticra accepted after 8 p. m.
Fraternities—Those fraternities whose crests are still in the Union Building please call for them at the Student Union office as soon as possible. —WIEGANDT.
Basketball Ushers—Report at Jeff Gym by 6 :45 for next two games. —HUGHES.
Flood Relief—All students who have been affected by the recent floods are requested to report to the Dean of Men’s office immediately. By so doing, they will furnish the information necessary for the University to make proper use of the Federal Relief funds which have ben set aside for the assistance of those who have suffered losses. —FISHER.
Scabbard and Blade—Pledges and initiation committee will meet in the Armory at 7:30, February 24. —BUENGING.
P. I. A.—All independent students desiring to take dancing lessons please sign up in the P. I. A. office from 4 to 6 p. m. any time before March 1. —BUXTON.
Family LAST DAY Tom Brown
“ROSE BOWL” —'and—Gladys George in “Valiant Is the Word for Carrie”
*STARTING TOMORROW William Boyd m “Borderland” —and— .Teanne Dante in “Four Days Wonder”
9:30 P. M. Central Standard Time WMAQ—WLW LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liehty
“Ye won’t find finer lodgin’ anywhere—an’ what’s more I wouldn’t want better myself.”
Dance Class—All independent students interested in taking advanced dancing lessons please sign up in P. I. A. office any afternoon this week between 4. and B ;30. —BUTCHER. Flying Club—^Meeting in room D of the Memorial Union Building at 7 p. m. February 24. —SMITH.
DeMolays—^W. H. Drene Lester, of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and 1986 national conclave speaker, willl speak in the Union ballroom at 7 p. m. tonight. Call John Wolf, 76272, for reservations. —WOLF.
Eta Kappa Nu—Important meeting February 24 at 7 :30 p. m. in room C of the Union Building. Officers meet at 7 in same room. Be prompt. —McEACHRON.
Deck Tennis—^Tlifee games should be played off before February 27: Bouton and Newman vs. Auld and Clymer; Charles and Fitch vs. Halstead and Kelly; Pell and Reverda vs. Phelps and Cooley. —RIETH.
NOW INSTALLED
LAST DAY D'eKN N a DU R BfN Tbe J unsatioa of a nation ig
•r^ MIS
i '""Hi t 8IHNIEBARl|lESf ALICE BRADY ARAYilMILlAND CHARLES WNNINgj^ . WISCHA AUER*NAN ^^Ey4B/«BAIS^ BEAD X)HN KING \ LLCILiI WATSON
STARTING TOMORROW James Dunn in “Mysterious Crossing’ —and— WILL ROGERS “DOCTOR BULL”
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
ARC
LAST DAY-
—and— Edward Arnold in ‘MEET NERO WOLFE’
FINAL TODAY Double Feature JOE E. BROWN
POLO JOE
—Plus—
Reginald Denny Eveljm Brent in “It Couldn’t Have Happened’
—STARTS tomorrowdouble FEATURE
MARGOT GRAHAME First Lafayette Showing
-Plus—
DEATH IN THE AIR!... MURDER IN THECLOUDSi
—^Also— Some ClaM A Novelty The March of TimetHB FUR0UE EXPONENT
TYPEWRITB5RS—ADliING MA* CHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ehershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
For Sale^Oliver typewriter $6. Portable victrola $5.50. Leather upholstered settee $6.50. Rocking chair to match $4.60. Small 3-draw-er chest $2.50. Back number magazines 1 cent to 6 cents each. At Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. Fifth street.
For Rent—One student room V/2 blocks from PurdUe Union. Private entrance. Continuous hot water. Phone 41571.
Room For Boys—^Block and half from campus. 212 Fowler. Phone 55611.
Lost—KE Slide Rule. C. T. Reynolds on both case and rule. Call 41191 after 6 of evenings.
The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. BISK DB. HABOLD J. BISK DB. BOBEBT G. BISK DB. LUTHEB A. BISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 6701
SAY. JACK, \ THOUGHT CHRISTMAS WAS IN DECEMBER.
SAVED ENOUGH MONEY SMOKING EDGEWORTH JR* TO BUY IT.
’CAUSE THERES NO WASTE. SMOKES SWEET AND MILD DOWN TO THE HEEL. IT'S GREAT
ISi^ iATIN
"CeUophane" wrapped
AMAZING VALUE! ^2° POUCH
IN YOUR COLLEGE COLORS We make this amazing offer> of a $1.00 English Type Folding Ponch in Rep Cloth with Rubberized Liner for only 10(^ and one wr^per to persuade you to try Edgeworth Jr. Send the inside white paraffin wrapper and your dime together with the coupon (or print your name, coUege aiid address on the wrapper)—and we will send your pouch. Only one to a customer.
SPECIAL OFFER
Lwrua & Bro. Co., Rlchmoa4> Va. Bnolosed find 10 f! and one inside white paraffin wrapper from a tin of Edgeworth Jr., for wi^ioh aend me $1.00 value ailh tobacco pouch in my coUege color*. (JPleate print.') NaWe I nnii.. — .li—— Aiddre*'*
City..
JStateu.
ielder’s.... V...choice
COLLEGE.
• mMaaaaoBy B<d» WalpOlesnanaBai Wow! . . . and we thought the Boilermakers had an offensive ball club .. .the Old Gold and Black five until Monday almost favoYite titl^ contenders were far off of their usual “ding-dong” basketball, and the Wolverine, unchecked, put everything into their offense ... their defense speaks for itself if Brig Young was limited to a single field goal. . . —^fc— A ratheji? sudden change took place over a period of a week . . . a red hot Boilermaker five overwhelmed llilinois with the season’s highest score . . . came Saturday, and Purdue nosed out a-very aggressive Gopher team to take over first place . . . came Monday and with the season’s low of 16 points, Purdue now rests in fourth place —^fc— Minnesota now holds second position with Illinois on the top side and Michigan below . . . however, the Gophers have played one less game than the lUini, and have as many defeats . . . —^fc— We don’t have much hope for a conference title at this moment, but nothing would surprise us now ... any team that could do as many things in a week as Purdue did between Monday and Monday is cap-
Intramilral Carnival Scheduled Tomorrow Features, ^Perfect Man^ Contest; Nk Dame Fencers To Meet Boilermakers As Added Attraction
By Bob McDonald
Plans are nearly completed for the annual Intramural Carnival to be held in the Memorial Gym Thursday, February 26. This yearly event, highlight of the intramural sports program, is eagerly looked forward to by all amateur and “ham” athletes on the Boilermaker campus. Intense interest has been
shown in this year’s event and
by means cf elimination. Gold medals will be given the members of the winning team and silver m^ls to the runners-up. A consolation trophy will be awarded to the winner in the loeser’s bracket. The Silver Derby, always a popular event, will include tricycle, barrel, horseback, sack, stilt, three-leg-ged, and wheelbarrow races. Each event has its own individual trophy for the winner. In addition to the tug-of-war between the different fraternity and ward teams, a fifteen man team'from East Cary Hall will oppose a similar team from North. Hall for a silver trophy.
able of anything . . .
—^fc—
Jewell Young’s necessary point total for a new record is now up to 14 points per game for the two remaining games . . . maybe he will make it, maybe he won’t . . . ■ —fc— We learn from Freddy Stalcup and George Bell that Ted Fehring has been appointed head football coach at Wiley High School in Terre Haute . . . incidentally Stalcup is working on his Master’s Degree and he is a member of the University coaching staff . . .
—^fc—
Co-Captain Lefty Martin, veteran hurler on the Boilermaker baseball nine is confined to the local hospital for 21 days ... he picked up a bit of scarlet fever, but all indications report that he is getting along fine . . . good luck, Lefty . . .
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“Go one, Minnie—show him your driver’s license!’
FRATERNITIES AND SORORITIES WHEN PLANNING YOUR PARTIES BE SURE AND CALL ON US. ' Rates Reasonable for Hall Rental Finest Floor in Middle West. NEW ADULT RALLROOM CLASSES OPEN . BEGINNER’S WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10th ADVANCED THURSDAY, MARCH 11th ALLEN’S
^‘ ».1 WEST SIDE CLEANERS <e o'*. oW'
Phono 4081 Northwestorn at Vino and North
with the addition of several new contents it should prove to be the best carnival held to date. Perfect Man Contest The perfect man contest, a new feature which has been added, will prove amusing to both spectators and the contestants. Participants will be judged by a committee that includes one woman, and the man judged to have the most perfect figure will be awarded a handsome fifteen-inch trophy. Boxing and wrestling matches will again be a part of this year’s carnival and should prove fast and close due to the compulsory practice rule instigated this year. A, best fighters trophy will be awarded the fighter with the best style, form, etc. Gold and silver medals will be awarded the winner and rurtner-up respectively in each of the eight weight divisions. Medals Awarded The gymnastics will include rope climbing, tumbling, and work on the parallel and horizontal bars. Gold, silver, and bronze medals will be awarded in each of the evefits. Sixteen teams are entered in the relays and the winner will be selected
All men who have signed up for carnival wrestling, and intend to be in the carnival, report today for preliminary contests of elimination.
NOTICES
PlayAhop Board—^Meeting February 24 at 4 p. m. in the Playshop office. —RUSSELL
Military Boxers—The following men will report to the Memorial Gym February 26 at 4 p. m. for the semi-finals in the Military Boxing tournament. 126 Pound Class—A. Nash, B. W. Carpenter, M, H. Ostrander, R. A. Tillson, and P. F, Pouder. 136 Pound Class—G. Kester, P. Murphy, P. Vuchines, H. Krashen, C. R. Brown. 146 Pound Class—C. Craft, E. S. Bogue, H. Butcher, H. Frazee, Henderson, and J. W. Godbey. 160 Pound Glass—T. F. Jelnlck, T. E. Dann, R. H. Conklin, R. W. Burks, D. H. Carson, F. E. Franz, S. G. Peterson. 176 Pound Class—C. A. Reising, W. B. Bowman, L. W. LaFuse, J. O’Connor, and B. Tibbets. Heavyweight—V. J. Vltkus.
fliers will Du twq wtlldDi: ttum on the indoor traek and a mile tmu Gold, silver, and hronze nt$cbli wilt be awarded the winners, Fcneers Meet IrSsh In addition to these above eontests an added featore will be lb* fencing match between the Ftnrdtte and Notre Dteme sword wfeldeta. To help pay for the numerous trophies which have amounted to as, high as $300 in the past, all contestants will be required to pay a small admission fee. A beantifid trophy will he given for the team amassing Hie most points for participation in the night’s events.
W. S. G. A. Executive Board—Meeting at 7:16 p. m. Fbruary 24, in room 3 of the Memorial Union. —COPELAND.
Purdue Golden Gloves—Purdue Golden Gloves champs winning first bout in Chicago call at 108 South Pierce for your meal ticket. —J. HILL.
W. A. A. Basketball—^February 24 at 4: WRH vs. Alpha Xi Delta, in small gym: Beta vs. Wards 1 and 4 in large gym: 4:30, Alpha Chi Omega vs. Kappa Kappa Gamma in large gym; Pi Phi vs. Ward 3 in small gym. —SHAFFER.
Student Senators—^Please report to election polls at any time February 26. —CRAIG.
Senate Elections Committee—^Please come to senate office at 4 p. m. February 24 to prepare for elections . —CRAIG.
Singing Chorus—^All girls in the singing chorus please report to ballroom at 4 p. m. February 24. —RIETH.
Singing Chorus—^All members report to tower room at 8 p. m. February 24. Very important. Be there. —RIETH.
W. A. A. Bowling—Following matches will be played February 26: Ward 3 vs. .^ha Chi, at 6:46; Chi Omega vs. Ward 4, at 8:30 p. m. —BOEHM.
Bowlers—^Alleys 1 and 2 will be reserved for tournament play February 26 from 6:46 p. m. till 10:30 p. m. —STUCKY.
Glider Club—Open meeting at 7:16 p. m. February 24 in reception room of Union Building. —O’NEAL.
Union Workers—Our committees meet in worksho pat 4 p, m. Febmary 24. —PUTZB, SOATTBRDAY, SHEETS, STALLINGS, WIEGANDT. My committees meet in the office at 4 p. m. February 24. —PFORZHEIMER,
Independent Staff—Meeting February 24 at 7 p. m. —SENNSTROMM.
Pnrdtae Student Alliance—Open meeting February 24 at 7:30 p. m. in the peasant I'oom. Dr. Estey will lead forum oa “Making Democracy Effective.” All persons in-
tereste^ are invited to attend.
BUCKLES.
PLUMBiNG AND HEATING Lane-Pykc-Werkhoff Company Phone 8882
SPEEDY
EXPERT
REPAIRS
AT
MODERATE
PRICES
Our well-equipped shop is ready at all times to do any kind of a repair job on any make of car—and do it faster, better and cheaper. Expert mechanics are aided by the very latest machines and tools— and we have facilities for obtaining all replacement parts. All work absolutely guaranteed. Give us a trial. \ Estimates Cheerfully Given on Repair Work PETER ANDEI»0N CO. 24 hour Service 525 ALABAMA PHONE 4048
For The
Season’s
Important
Formats
WE PRESENT A GRAND SELECTION OF NEWEST STYLES AND COLORS
415 Main
Laifayfilla
r.#;' ' \ ’ ''V-hY'S-w
' '‘'i'pMto y<mr iHHBBSHSSSSBSfiBSBBB
TBS l>tISBtIE! EXPONENT
CO-ED
AGE...
Page Editors -i-Jane Hall and Marian Kidd
Co-ed Greeks To Show Eds How It’s Done By Snoopy Sal Greek women are going to come to the front and show the men how it’s done this Friday. Prexy Schaaf of the KKG house promises a big time for all. and she’s not doing bad by herseK in that she’s taking Ewoldt, Sig, of the “My Bill” fame . . . Looks like a couple of Union vice-prexies are getting together— at least for the evening, Mary Grace Mytinger has asked Pforzheimer to accompany her to view the Union decorations . . If no more “little quarrels” have occurred since Carrie asked him, ATO Wantland (another Kappa Bill) will condescend to attend . . . Imports We haven’t mentioned imports, but the gals do it too. Kappa Ritchie IS having the Brochon jewelry salesman down for the affair . . . one alum is to return to hear the syncopation of Jimmy Garrett and he IS Jack Brossart. Alfuzi Bradley has asked him to come from Chicago ... As far as she knows, Jean Small says some handsome brute from Washington, D. C., is on his way . . Profs get to go too— or at least last year’s profs do. Saxon Shewalter is taking Bill Gibson, English insti uctor on this campus last yeai . Betty Best likes DU’s but she piefers them from the lU campus . Not much has been said in re-
gard to the gowns to be worn while swinging to the Garrett rhjrthm, but Jerry Jarrett of the XO house IS wearing a black chiffon model designed by Louise Mulligan . . . Committee chairman “Petie” Light will don a new turquoise blue satin gown . . . Marty Walker says no less than an import from New York would suit her—and New York is pretty far . . . Prom committeeman to be (maybe) Graham has accepted an invitation from Ellen Mann AXO prexy . . . “Long eyelashes” Wiltshire, as he is known at the XO house, didn’t take long to make up his mind about going. . . . “Keep him in the house” is the motto of the Pi Phis, or it looks that way, because Marshall has asked Beta Jones this Friday . . . Nothing new and different for Louise Hanley and Martha Wood as far as dates go—^just another mixer . . . Whether to wear pins on formals or not has always been a problem, but Fritzi Walkey, Edna Hutson, June Stewart, and all the new pin-takers will wear them . . . Pittman of the Pi Beta Phi and SAE badges has not made up her mind as to which of her roommate’s dresses she will wear or whom she will take ... Now Greek gals, go buy a ticket for the hop and dig your own dirt .
WSGA To Discuss Plans For Future W. S. G. A. will hold its regular February mass meeting in the Memoiial Union Buildii^g tomoirow at 4 o’clock The program for the meeting will
consist of a resume of the year’s work and a discussion of plans for the charm school to be held later this semester. The freshman coeds will elect their representatives at this time. General election petitions, signed only by persons petitioning, should be given to Ruth Copeland or Dorothy Kuehn immediately. This election will be held in March. The place of the mass meeting will be announced in tomorrow’s Exponent.
Bowlers Sign For Tourneys Union Alleys Scene Of Men, Women’s Tournaments Next Week Both co-eds and eds will have a chapce to demonstrate their skill in the manly art of “laying ’em down”—^bowling—as the University bowling tournaments get underway next week. A definite starting date has not been set as yet, but after the date is announced, the entrants may bowl at any time, providing they tell the alley manager before they start which three games are to be counted in the tourney. Everyone interested in entering the tourney, should do so at once, since there are already 61 persons enteied, and the entry list may be closed the latter part of this week. Increased Interest Since the opening of the Union alleys, interest in bowling has in-
creased by leaps and bounds, and the entry lists in both the men’s and women’s tournaments will get out many good bowlers. Many of the men have been bowling in leagues in Lafayette, and the Purdue Merchants’ League is composed almost entirely of Purdue students. The Sigma Nu and Varsity Boot Shop teams have been staging a merry race in the league, with the Boot Shop team breaking a tie last week with a two-game out of three victory. “Red” Zachary, Purdue football star has been hiting the pins very well lately, and led the league last week with a
669 total. The yearly all-campus tournament will be held under the sponsorship of the Intramural department later in the spring, probably just before spring vacation.
Lions Club To Honor University’s 1937 Basketball Squad Purdue’s 1937 basketball squad will be honored by the Lafayette Lions Club next Wednesday night, March 3. Joe Andrew, Lafayette at-
torney and Tippecanoe county representative in the state legislature, will be the principal speaker at the annual affair. Toastmaster for the dinner will be Harold Van Orman, former Lt. Governor, from Evansville. Mr. Van Orman is well known as a speaker and has the reputation of keeping his listeners continually in an uproar. The dinner, given annually by the I^ions Club in honor of Coach Lambert and the Boilermaker basketball squad, will begin at 6:30. Tickets for the affair are on sale for $1.10 per plate.
Enjoy an attractive personal appearance by having yonr clothes CROWN CLEANED Regnlarly It pays handsome dividends
Laundry
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
W57, Liccett & Mybks Tobacco Co.