Volume 53# No; 9
West Lafayette# IiK^iana
Wednesday# September 17# 1941
Glee Club Time Employment
Available To Students
GRIN AND BEAR IT
/
By Lichty
With Deans' Approval Students planning to work parttime have a better chance of getting jobs now than they have had for many years, according to Glen Huron, manager of the Lafayette Employment Security Division office. This abundance of part-time jobs is due to the fact that many
Announces Membership A1 Stewart, director of the University Glee Club, announced yesterday that the members of the Glee Club for the coming year have been selected. The organization will be composed of 50 voices this year.
This group was selected from over persons who were heretofore avail400 students, who tried out for ad- ^ble for these jobs are now emmission. Marvin Smith was named national defense jobs. > manager, and David Simpson will University and the Employ-
be the accompanist. “
First rehearsal will be held Wed- ment Security office are cooperatnesday afternoon. Sept. 17 at 4 p.m. ing in placing students in these in the second floor rehearsal room part-time jobs. Under the terms of of the Hall of Music. agreement, a student who wish-
Members of this year’s Glee Club '
^ es to seek part-time employment
are!
FIRST TENORS
E. Cooper, C. Garber, A. Hubeft, or Dean of Women for apT„..„ T w s P^oval. Tho appropriate dean will
consult with the student in older to determine the maximum number of hours per week which could be devoted to employment without in-
0. E. Baker, F. Hopf, D. Crane, terfering with the student’s Uni-
R. J. Eastman, R. Friend, V. Bur- yersitjp'schedule,
nidge, G. Kiudei, W. A. Linn, F. W. Onco, J. W. Peters, C. Riegle, G.
Whetzell.
BARITONE R. Buffington, J. Chase, J. Giiffith, P. Hairington, R. Henderson, IW. Kennedy, D. Mitchell, C. Powell, R. Robertson, W. Rothenberger, W. Scott, D. Sinish, R. Wood.
BASSES
A. Castellani, C. E. Cole, G. Earl, D. Eldei, D. Heddcn, H. W. Kuhn,
jJ. Lowe, J. Mingle, W. Moigan, S.
Peterson, J. Shoop, J. Silveis, M. Smith (manager), S. Smith.
SECOND TENORS
“University officials and the Employment Security office realize the danger of students carrying heavy work loads to the detriment of their school work,” Mr. Huron said. “Therefoie, care will be taken to lefer students only to those jobopenings which will allow them ample time to devote to their school
subjects.”
The hours during which the student is available for work will be
D. Lindsay, R. E. Myeis, 0. Pierce, noted on the work application card. J. Richards, R. Molitor, W. South- It has been found that many Lafayard, J. Taggait, R. Wilson. ette employers who want to hire
student help are willing to adjust
gB ■ i theii schedules to the free time of UGf ACCjlldinfGCt Hour wmking students. Opens Hort Meetings Piayshop Lab Group
Holds Actor Tryouts
“I just dread going home and telling my wife I spent another
five billion dollars today.” 1 - - --
Orientation Cowdeil To Discuss Course Offered War Effects At Corn To Frosh Coeds Field Day Tomorrow
Under the sponsorship of the
orientation committee of AWS, a the University’s farm management Activities
Boilermakers Prepare For Saturday s Meeting With Strong Frosh Team
i ,
Minor Injuries To Warren, Buffington, O'Bryan, Snyder Fail To Weaken Riveters
By Dave Shryer *
Mai Elward sent his Boilermaker eleven through a heavy
men, Joe line coach, ^orkout yesterday afternoon in preparation for the coming Pledging will be held tonight at ^ame With Elmer Bumham s Freshman gridders. The tussle, 7 o’clock at the Phi Delta Theta annual affair. Will be held in Ross-Ade Stadium, Saturday house. at 2:30 in the afternoon. As usual, the game is being spon-
sored by the Gimlet Club to raise funds for broadcasting Riv-
^0U3YG TtyOUtS sport classics throughout the year.
For Freshmen Caiy Hall Freshmen Start Monday Hear Hadley Speak;
Meet Year's Officers
Gimlet Pledges | Gimlet Club, athletic booster honorary, last night selected the following 17 men as pledges for the fall semester: Hal Knight, Dave Sayles, Wirt Farley, Rex Mayfield, Jim Walley, Don Powers, Dick Watson, Dick Dibos, Bob Gimlin, Bill Combs, Jim kiish, Charlie Caress, Bill Hayt, Don Blemker, Doug McDaniel, Dick Kratzer, and Pete
Timperman.
In addition to the above list of undergraduate junior and senior
Purdue Order of Zouaves, honorary military drill organization, has announced that tryouts for membership in that organization
new orientation course, “Collegienne Chats” will be offered this year to all freshman and transfer co-
eds.
The first meeting will be held this
will be the principal speaker at the annual Corn and Soybean Field Day meeting tomorrow at the Soils and
afternoon at 4 in the auditorium of Crops Experimental Farm, east of
the Home Economics building. Dean town.
of Women Dorothy C. Stratton will t i.- 11 ' i.- i, -n „
^ In his address, which will come discuss “Current Freshman Con-
fusion ” afternoon program iinmedi-
The opening meeting of the Horticulture Society will be held tonight at 7:30 in room 117 of the Horticulture building. A “get acquainted” hour for old members and the new students who are enrolled in horticulture classes will be a
feature of the meeting.
The coming horticultuie show will be discussed and refreshments
will be served.
Lee Gets Fellowship For Senna Research Professor C. 0. Leo, of the School of Pharmacy, has just been granted an American Pharmaceutical Association fellowship for 1942 to continue his studies upon “The Causes of Piecipitation in Fluid Extract of Senna.” This is the sixth annual
Saturday Afternoon
an interview, said
that he hoped to be able to continue avoiding serious injuries to members of the squad. Thus far, the only injuries received have been minor ones. Rocky Snyder, junior fullback, has a cut eye; Ewell O’Bryan, junior tackle, came up with a sore shoulder and Pinky Warren, junior tackle, received a smashed
By Bert Squires lip in scrimmage a few days ago'. Three hundred Cary Hall men None of these men have been kept
will begin at 4:00 p,m. Monday, were introduced to this year’s Cary from participating in drills. Sept. 22. Any basic military stu- Club officers at a mass meeting in Another junior fullback. Bill Bufdent is eligible for membership pro- Fowler Hall last night. fington, is expected to return to /vided he can master the intricate Club president. Bill Farber, ex- practice in a few days. He has been drill manual. plained the organization of the club troubled by a stomach ailment and The “Zouaves,” as the diill team fo fhe freshmen and introduced its a wrenched back, is known on the campus, was or- officers and several Hall vice-presi- Elward also remarked that he ganized at Purdue in 1928 and has dents. Warren Dubsky, club treas- was extremely pleased with the an outstanding record of achieve- urer, explained how the eight dol- large student turnout at Monday’s ment as the most widely known uni- lar club dues are divided among practice. He hoped that even larger
Dr. T. K. Cowden, a member of versity military drill team in the the various activities. bodies of interested students would
come to next Monday workouts.
Bob Brewster, social manager, Drophicker
outlined the year’s social activities. In yesterday’s punting drill, John The political chairman, Dave Rich- Petty and John Galvin, who handledt ardson, explained the club’s affilia- the bulk of the kicking last year, tion with the progressive party. The were joined by three sophomores intramuial sports program was out- who were getting off consistent lined by Gil Wolter, intramural boots. Bob Hajzyk, Bob Chester, manager. and Kenny Smock. In the dropTom Mullett, president of Pen- kicking division, where the Boilerdragon, club honorary, and editor of makers diave not had an outstand-
Regular Union mixer this Friday ^.^e Cary Club Clarion, discussed the ing performer since the days of
qualifications necessary to become P^nl Pardonner, Walter Cook, jdn-
ior veteran left half-back, showed
, „ , „ makes several trips to other unidepartment for the past four years, ^ersities and towns to perform.
Byrne To Stop Here For Friday's Mixer; Hotel Sherman Next
The course is entirely new and following the noon hour. Dr.
this is the first time that anything Cowden will discuss the “Effects night will present the music
of this type has been offered. At- of War on Agiiculture.” Before Bobby Byrne and his orchestra, as ^ member of Pend,ragon.
. 1 ■ ii J •11 11 _ __.• 1 11_ _ TT__ ? 'J _ o/i/ii-kvi/I n-P 4-Tiri -
... tendance at the meetings will not be coming to the University, he was fke second of the season’s “bigger Bennett, vice-president of considerable promise.
1nvnrinp- compulsol'y, but all fieshmaii and a member of the Penn State Col- name bands, in tho Union ball- Northwest Hall, spoke on scholar- The duels for backfield positions
transfer coeds are strongly urged to lege farm management department rooms from 9 to 12 o’clock. giving hints on studying, continued with vigor. At the left
hold tryouts for their first produc tion Saturday afternoon at 1 o’clock in Fowler hall. All people interested in working either on the cast or on
the crew are welcome.
The laboratory group is primarily for people who have not had previous experience in Playshop. The first production, entitled “R. U. R.” is a fantastic melodrama of the future and takes place somewhere on an island on this planet. Free Slide Rule Lessons Start Today At 4 o'clock Free instruction classes in the
attend.
for five years engaged in research, Byrne will play here before go- Charles Knote, vice-president of half-back, John Galvin, veteran teaching, and extension work. He ing on to the Hotel Sherman in Chi- East Hall, discussed this year’s con- left-footed kicker and right-handed ■■ received his doctorate degree from cago where he has been booked for vocations and urged all club mem- passer, is feeling the pressirre of Cornell university in 1937. an engagement. Featured with the bers to attend thbm. The Halls’ competition from Walter Good, mid”^The day’s events at the Expeii- band is Dorothy Claire who sang manager, Mr. G. 0. Arbuckle, spoke get defense expert, and a sophomental Farm, situated at the inter- for awhile previously with Glenn on getting the most out of the Halls, more delegation that includes Bob section of St^te Roads 52 and 26, Miller. Inertia Chester, Kenny Smock, and John will begin at 9:30 o’clock in the Byrne himself got his start in a Dr. Hadley of the mathematics Andretich. Chester has been the morning. Groups of about twenty- big-time popular orchestra by play- department gave a short talk on real “surprise” of early drills, turnFirst social function of the Wo- persons each will be taken on ing with Jimmy Dorsey, He was “BMI” (Boilermaker Inertia). Us- ingin some sparkling ball-carrying
men’s Residence Halls, the Old inspection tours over the farm and first trombonist there for five years ing the statement that inertia can performances that have been eye-
Girl’s Picnic, will be held this each group will have in charge a when he resigned to form his own either be a help or a hindrance de- openers. Thursday on the South Hall lawn member of tho University agiono- orchestra. pending on whether the body is at Carter Shifted
WRH Holds Picnic For Old Residents
grant which he has received for re- use of the slide rule will begin this search upon pharmaceutical prob- afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 101
at 4:30. All the girls on campus my department, who will report who have lived in the Halls are in- ^be results of the research in progvited to the picnic. ^ggs, on the farm during tho past The old girls will 'go to the rooms spring and summer months, where they lived when they were Following the afternoon program, freshmen and meet the girls living j^te comers will be given an oppoi-
RRT GUILD By A. P. Hunter All members and students inter-
rest or in motion, he advised the The shift of Marion “Red” Carfreshman to begin studying now in- ter to right half-back where Tony stead of waiting two or three weeks. Berto, another major letterman, “Get in the game and stay in,” he was already stationed, has increased said. “Don’t go to the movies to- the difficulty of making selections night, a mixer tomorrow night, then at that post. In addition to the two
leins.
■p rVi r lri cVinnc, noflm-the p-nifl- HOW. The picnic givcs the trinity of inspecting the expelimen- ^sted in the Art Guild are urged home over the week-end and expect veterans, Francis Meakim and Ed ° f'p T N Arnold of opportunity to meet tal work and persons interested m attend the Guild s organization have your homework done for Cycenas, two hard driving sopho-
Under these giants the following ance of Professor J. N. Arnold of , nnopr cl-issmon and tho unner " • i a ^ • m ii meeting in the Union J. I 1. «A 4-v, . ,i uppol classmcn and tno upper specialized agronomic problems will nrecimg in uic union problems'have been studied. A the General Engineering depart- ^ the bo taken m groups to those sections Shops tomorrow afterm
Critical Study of the Tannin-bear- ment.
ing Galenicals”; “Natural and Ar- Simple multiplication and division tificial Calamines”; “A Study of y,,jl be covered today^and Monday, the Extraction of Astringent Combined multiplication and diviDrugs”; and “The Stabilizing Ef- gjon will be covered September 24 fects of Antioxidants upon Solu- and 29. Squares, cubes, square roots
Puttering Monday.”
noon at 4:30.
(Continued on page 4)
freshmen.
Mary and Margaret Wirt are in concerned,
charge of the picnic. Miss Connoley, head resident of North Hall, is helping to organize the affair.
of tho farm where they are most time officers for the com-
Roger Williams Club
tions of Tannic Acid.”
W6AA Will Hold Auditions For Adors This Afternoon
and cube roots will follow on October 1 and 6. Use of trig and lorithmic scales will be discussed October
6 and 13 .
Instruction on the raising to fractional exponents on October 15 and 20 will conclude the demonstrations.
WBAA announces that auditions
for radio announcers and actors will _ , _ i be held m the main studio under the Delta TaU Delta
Music Hall this afternoon at 4
o’clock.
Auditions will be made, complete with scripts and microphones. Applicants will be judged on tone quality, pitch, enunciation, and acting ability. The only stipulation made is
Intramural Office Calls Sophomores According to Wally Fiank, the intramural manager, there are two sophomore managers jobs open. These jobs arc open to independent
The Roger Williams Club of the West Lafayette Baptist Church will hold its annual fall picnic at Vawter’s Cabin Saturday afternoon. Any Baptist student who is interested can attend by being at the Church at 1:30 p.m. The price of
attendance will be 25c.
ing year will be selected, and dates will be set for future meetings. Officers of the Guild have announced that refreshments will be
served at this first meeting. This year the Student Art Guild,
under the Union sponsorship, will present: Little Movie Convos—for the second year a series of six fine
Student Union Planning Many Events This Year
Editor’s Note: This is the second in dT
foreign and domestic, fiction and senes of features on the woric done by J.., -n . students engagred in various campus activ-non-fiction film programs as Fow- ities. The next will appear m the near
future.
ler Hall; “What’s Art To Me?”— WBAA’s weekly broadcasts in the The afternoon will be spent boat-
sophomores, who are interested in ing, swimming, pitching horseshoes, and lectures; and excellent and var- office has been one of the busiest
. . . social fraternity announces the pledging of the following men:
Colo • Fred ^^wards will consist of sweaters.
scheduling, checking, and oiganiz- many other sports. Tiansportaing intramural Ward activities. Tire will be furnished.
committees follow: Katy Bertsch and Bob Seeburger, Music Room; Jeanette Haynes and Ed Esping, Teas and receptions; Cal Creel, Of-
m of dramatizations, discussions September 8th, the Student Union hours, Dorothy Weber and 1 lectures; and excellent and var- nf+ifo hna Vionn nno nf thti ' ewis, Game room and bowl-
Since the opening of school on
Dave Appel, Denver
Dyer, Indianapolis; Frank Ferry, Prairie View, 111.; Robert Fortier, St. Louis, Mo.; Wilber Hiner, W.
that the candidate have a 3.5 index. Lafayette; Phil Jenkins, Detroit,
Mich.; Robeit King, W. Lafayette;
Jane Fishleigh
, • , 1 man, Indianapolis; Ed Ritchie, Leb- . . . Sci. 41, has been appointed ’ ^ i j. n i i ■ ’ , , • Iv, ] anon; Don Wiight, Columbus.
i a graduate assistant in the de-
metals, and the annual trip to the National Intramural Convention at
Chicago.
There are also a few jobs open as Ward team manager that are still
Krug Koch, Wilmette, 111.; Leonard vacant. Any student who is interQuetsch, Oak Park, 111.; Fred Rass- ‘ii’Led should report to the intia-
as a g
partmont of physical education at Scrlpps college in California. She will teach athletics while she is working on her Master’s degree in physical education at Claremont col
Christian Foundation Holds Play Tryouts
mural office, this week, at four o’-
clock. m.l.g.
Engineer Will Hold Callout For Sophomores Today
Wanted
(joeds to come out for the Exponent Art Staff. Great possibilities for advancement. Sophomores and Juniors preferred. Drop m at the Exponent advertising office in the basement of the Union this afternoon at 4 p.m. and gain full particulars. —SALTY Sorority Women
ied art exhibitions, similar to those places on the campus. Callouts have presented last year but covering been issued, committees have been different subjects. organized and workers are begin-
ing; Harry Hudson, Browsing Room; Ken Gossett, Riding Chib; Jake Davis, Model Airplane; Ralph
i I.) J.I. J J- Deuster, Tea Dances and Swing Students will be needed to handle ning to get, things under way for
publicity and sales lor tho above another big year. ^
mentioned activities and will also Mixers, Tournaments have the opportunity to engage in The Student Union sponsors radio work and public speaking, many events on the campus. Some Previous interest in art is not re- of these events are the Union Mixquiied, and all Art Guild members and other dances, bowling tourare eligible for kejls at the end of naments, budge tournaments, teas
the school year.
Camera Club's
Club; and Jim Reeves, Puttering
Shop.
Under these Vice-Presidents ct^nre the sophomore workers who are appointed to the different committees and help the Juniors. The freshmen do not work in the Union until after the first semester but the
backed by the Student Union, they semester of work they can get in
and receptions, and music room programs. Several clubs are also
Tho Purdue Christion Foundation
lege in California. Jane majored in committee issues a callout of physical education while she was upperclassmen interested in
here at the University
The Engineer, monthly engineering publication on the campus, is
are the Riding, Cameia, Art, and
Model Airplane club.
The Student Union is headed by a Senior board made up of Joe
First meeting will bo held to-
A compulsory meeting for all morrow evening at 7:30 in Room
sorority women will be held Friday, of the Union, George Towle, gunek president, Barbara Fellows
holding a callout for sophomore September 19, at 4:00 p.m. in Stan- piesident of the Club, announced Coedexecutive,HalKnightexecu-
tiying out for tlie annual Armistice workers this alternoon at 4 o’clock ley Coulter Hall. Barbara Ann Ad- today. ^ve, and Bill Hepburn activities Sunday peace play. This play which m room 304 of tho Union. kins, president of Pan-Hellenic will Membeis will be shown equip- chairman. Under these four seniors
gives them a good foundation for
future Union work. Union Show Too
Right now we ate working on th« Union show which is to be presented sometime in November. Plenty of workers will be needed not only for this show but for the
ExpOnenf* Coed Staff is sponsmed by the Tippecanoe The editor and managing editor conduct the meeting. Principal ment in the dark rooms and they come the Junior Vice-Presidents rest of the events year so if Co-ed Staff to work Wednesday, county Ministers Association, will will explain the work to the sopho- speaker will be Dean Dorothy C. will be issued cards for dark room who head the different Union corn- there are any sophomore mqn or Pick- have its first tryouts ^t the Wesley mores. No previous experience is Stratton who will explain any use. All students who are inter- mittees. women who have not as yet come
Sept. 16: Prantner, Stenbeig ering, Heath, Wintin and Paige.
^t
Foundation house at 4 and 7 p.m.
Thursday, Septeipber 18.
needed to be eligible to work on the answer and questions Engineer. coed rushing rules.
concerning ested in photography are urged to Vice Prexies ’ out for Union drop around to room attend. _ The yice-Piesideuts and Jheir 304, Thmsday at 4:15 and up.m
fiV ■
iifj-
Edii|r*#n&y; TIte lollowing is a letter received a Vtttdent.in advanced .iftiUtar^',and .is i»iot to be construed as necessarily the opinion of the Exponent. The name of the writer is withheld for obvious reasons.. ^ ■ ■ ■ • ' • witli the -military depart'ment ? -j^or three years now, we have heen • hear;^ ‘gripes’ about ‘that damn army’, and we thipk that finally we have been able to put our finger on the main source of trouble. There is some source of trouble lying with those who have never had to submit to^ any tjTC of discipline before in their herC-to-for carefree lives. The necessity for obeying orders immediately and without argument holds: a world of distaste for them. This type is n.lway5 found in every group of soldiers, and its'tnembers are the bane of every officer. Often they turn out all right, though and we do not think that they are the ones who should be considered in possible revisions of the military set-up. They cannot be considered too much, for discipline is the very lifeblood of an army. There is also some sinall amount of dissention because of accusations .concerning the fitness of the cadet officers for their command. This may also be largely disregarded for several, reasons, f’irstj -many of the seeming faults of the cadet officers are due to things beyond their control—division of authority in positions above them, a change in drill formations which still seems a little strange to the seniors and other, more obscure reasons.- ' Also, here, lies another essential' flaw in our military set-up which cannot be remedied. The fact that the officers are so well acquainted with the men under them does not. help discipline. It is hard for a basic military student to take his cadet officer-roommate seriously. Again, though, all this is comprised .of situations which do not merit correction or cannot be corrected. It is the really serious student who should have his say about what is wrong with military training here. His objection, and we think it quite valid, might' go like this: , “Military study in the two years of basic courses is largely a farce. The student goes to a" class and listens for 40 minutes to an instructor, then he takes a quizz (writ in the language military,), So far so good. All is not as it seems, however. “During this 40 minute lecture, the instructor almost invariabb^' destroys whatever good might come of his lecture. He pointedly makes most obvious the parts of the lecture that are to be asked on the writ that is to -follow. Without an absolute minimum of concentration the student can tell exactly the questions that are to be asked of him. I have even seen an instructor look ovei’ a copy of the writ that he is to give, notice that he has ommitted something in the lecture and then say—“Oh yes, you should know thus and so.”, telling the answer. . “All the good that might have come from
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except -Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.60 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
Editor-in*Chicf News Editor Business Manager
;Ned 'A. Ochiltree John L. Trnugott Don S. Powers
Publication '^Staff
Managing Editor Lcland W. iKuffner Associate Editors: J, F. Amos, .J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, ■K. L. Hadley, F. 1. Jones, E. G. Kieper.
pusi^ess Staff
Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjomro, K. B. Saxton; Girculation Manager: W. T. Dell; Accounts -Manager: W.. D. Millard. .
Co-v^d Stuff • igditqr...... Rnth Bose Associate Editors : Mary K. Boynton, Alice ChatHcld.
Sports Staff
dEditor Phil C. Johnson Associate Editors: p. T. Qlark, J, D. ,Eraser, J. S. Keeler,
’R-hqnes: (Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792;
Editorial After ,10rP. M*, ?377 Bopresented for national advertising by National Adyertising Service, Inc., College Publishers -Ecpresentativos, Madison Avc., New York, N- -X-
420
Staff :Fori:bi.s:lssuc Night-Editor: Kieper Day Editor: Chatficld
.Issue -Editor: J. D, SmBh ' .Sports Editor: iFrascr Wqrkcrs: L. Slone, B. W. Sciuier, J. Browne, S. E. pragmilc; ■ '
-Dear Gestapo:
Referring to your discussion of the major sports problem in the Ex..Pfiusut .of .^tuk’day, .Septemtier JJi, ■jiOdl, I feel that you have unjustly ' touched upon a very tremendous subject ill a feiv, scant -yvords—
, sEellows,. ,we just heard heard words which :hpd little :^eBst)!pipg, something today that made us mad, background, or support, pnd if you haven’t already heard You have slandered two great it, We dare-say it’ll hurt you too. sports: cross-couptry and golf. One After giving the best of our, lives of,these :sports is ijhe oldest athletic to thi^ University,,.they wient and contests of our world; the pther is turned down 800 female applica-, oqevof the newest, , : tions for entry this fall, Isn’t that; .Comparatively.sjpeakmg, jgolf has a crying sh.arne? ,. heepme hMy ,,during the Speaking 'of Yreshman, we heard past few, decides. Yet in those years one from! a bright jypung man ,pn ,it;has spread like wild-fire throughjthe bus . the other 'night. :He re- put the U.nitpd States as .well ■ as‘in (marked that he i4ihn,’t, see what , spyeral other countries. Great.ppmigood a' slide i;ille‘is because you' hers pf ^.sportsmen hpve accepted could only multiply'.and divide num- ,,go]f as , a great ganje. , A ; ,,gapae hers up to ten. Oh ;me0hmy. .which is pot just a- passing -fad ,or ' '' fancy, ;but a game. which,.wi,ll,ep'Yoti kuow, the professors are get- d.ure; a ganpe, lyhiph ,offers .gpqd ting .kinda .kittenish‘ af'bund’ :here. . competition.^ ff .golf .has ,t'^?icbed: these (days, Sig j^p jDon I^oij^hsjsuch a jmajpr,impprtaBee ,as to- p^^^ walhed' .into'’' one "of .his .qlas^es WU-e yur ath.letic ,.department, to taught hy iRrof'a 'couple -construct g huge bepiJtiful .eighteen (minutes' late the otlier ,day w,as bole golf .course uppn .pur .cainp.us, .called up td:the desfe.''‘’‘. ^hen golf has ,reaohe^l,,a sp,ps.itifin ' “Md. Eoflies;” said ^Mfof. 'Jacklin, of .iipportahee which nates .its clas“You williturh aroiind 'iand'fape 'tke sificatipn.as,a .major sport. Purdue .class and sing, ‘Good IViorhiug To. is proud pf their new golf course— You’,lto them.”, Weii, Ijpn looked the student body, you, and I should at him a minute,dishelie.vmgiy,.and be.,.proud to hack golf.as a .ipajor
the lesson is qttefly'.destroyed hy, this hasinine process. The student learns to listen for
the key questions, to remember ; them lohg then turned aroiind and did'as he
enough to put them down on the writ and .was bid, with very, little .harmony •Cross-cqantry .runaipg- began then proceed to forget both them and ever.y- lbut much enthusiasm. Naturally, many years ago—li^g before the ihtag else ,m the lesson »s -soon as he walks “y ,«* “
out of the door.
‘it does seem unfair of you, Mt. Snqedby, to make .a Rro.fit when we’re not even at war !’^
put of the -whole thing and maybe loag ago that I can only imagine its jit -was a: good idea after all, he- ■beginniug. However, I can visualize
■‘•‘No final examination is given in the basic cause' we’ve noticed that' Don tbe pride various tribes took in courses and so heinever has to toiioh.on these hasn’t -been late to class lately. their messenger -runners. These
questions again unless he takes advanced military and then he finds that he is supposed to know all that stuff and it is just that much more trouble for him to orient himself in the junior year which he finds so different from
the two that have gone before.”
yiUnpprs also -took great pride in
The .impossible happened -the their .ability to swiftly travel across other night. Yes sir, some snake through the woods, up actually ..made his "way Into .one of Ml, ,^own, hijl, across yalleys,,and the beds' of (the Kappa dorm and Wm' -,logs -which crossed .their trails, what a disturbance he did cause. worshiped their ability to run Nope, this was the rqal l^cGoy, ?.naqpfully jiHe. the ^per ,of, the for-
So runs the objection. The answer for at one of the water variety, we believe.
least part of -the trouble is obvious. It would George Wheldon and Bill Hum- ^ rough terrain Their boasts , p XI • 4 X 1 1- i- mel were up at football .practice f-Aaveise yougn rqriain, aaeir ooasts be easy for the instructors to deliver an ordi- ivtonday afternoon with a' ,ee.r.tain were .^regueptly .ohallenged by .men nary lecture without making a farce of it. .Marilyn Demaree or something,'and “ their own tribes and men in It might even he advised that the course-be were doing everything hut watch otter tribes. Thus was born -the, made difficult enoUfi’h to rGQuirG somo amount the practice, Therels a. time and e.PoJ.t of distance running, A .spoit niaaG^auncuit Gnougn to roquiro some amount J everything' people ^hich js internationally (known. .As of outside study. ^ „ eveiytmng, people. baseball is a national snort in tBo
,. . , ■ ... . - Well, you guys can start working seoaii is a national qpoit in the
This last suggestion IS not legitimate, of Moses from .the Pi Phi United States, so, is distance rupcourse, for military is a lab course, and ac- house again-pretty soon, .‘cause her uing a national sport in Finland. cording to the rules-of the-Univorsity,' should little -man from home has finally ; y®* believe cross-country be self-contained. It is to the military depart- 2°^ back 'there. She’s looking major importance. Truly
ment’s credit that they toye noMollowed the f' "eP the left
example of other University departments and pttle time. pant. We should have more suph made their lab course require more tipie out =h * .4= sports, especially at a time of a ,naOf class than in it. A small departure from Hear tell that Janie Humphreys wHntsrrHTs'^a'shLTtW T this rule would not be of 9,ny catastrophical was sick in-the hospital, hut she’s president .of our university should proportions, though and it would add to the up and around now, which natural- ba,ve to force a great number of seriousness with which the course would be make^ all her friends and .es- ou,r male - students into physical
taken by the student body in general. pecially John Strange happy. ^ Som^hing should he done; we hope that pe^S S'tS'SJ^h IsIhS: the military department will notice this little Prof. ,i}ahcock , came in Friday and objection and at least think about it. They after looking over the mob, he might even do something about'it. National made the remarje that he guessed it
acters. -Sports which -Will build , up and maintain strong, .physical bodies, I wish you might some^day have the opportunity to talk with Alonzo Stagg, -the most highly honored -and respected coach in the country. He has many good -ideas about this subject, . ' ■ I believe my ideas of what should constitute a major.sport will follow suit with many other people. The primary idea being as follows: A sport organized and developed to such a degree as to -provide- active physical competition among the majority of the-Big Ten-Schools and upholding a conference championship is deserving of a major award. You also i.'jgr.iped” about crosscountry -runners being able to receive two letter sweaters a year by participation in track in the spring time. Aren’t football and basketball men eligible to participate in track? (Rankin did it, and he did it in an excellent -fashion. As I hope to see golf inaugurated as .a major sport .this -year, I .also expect to see squash, a game which is rapidly increasing in popularity, develop and reach a position of majority in the years to come. Purduely yours, 1 Ed J. Holderman.
WBAA
2:002:15 2:302:45-
3:454:00-
W edhesday -WBAA Presents -Purdue News r -Sam Hamilton-—pianist -Ag. Forum —Meet the Band —Markets. —Just .Relax —Food, Facts ;& Fancies —Memory Lane —Music - —Monitor Yiews the Neyfs —A Story ,a Day —Music --Hymn Echoes—JVIrs. Irvin Jackson —Science Review —ConceiTt Master —The Bookman -Off the Air* > ■
Defense, yo.u know.
vvouldn’t be
anything about the course, He then
9 .R^dio Review
Most distinguished guest on to-
iwondering why we' don’t plug the more popular hits like “Elmer’s Tune”; it’s simply , because they
don’t need plugging. We’re trying night’s programs is Rubinoff, who to light those recordings that might ’'''iH appear on the Eddie Cantor be overlooked in your wanderings show “Time To ,Smile.” That violin among the record shops so that you o±’ hU seems to be perpetual; if can get a collection of records that ypn have a good memory, you probis really more than just tunes that nbly recall hearing it years ago. “fly by night.” . ' (Continued on page 4)
preparedness by institpting a course such as P. E. 12. It is a shame there aren’t enough active sports around the campus to make such action unnecessary. ‘ . But. why aren’t thelie ? Simply
necessary to axp.lain because there are “gripers” like , , 1 • XX X X, • • 1 - yourself in , our midst; that would went on to explain that this is his r-it-hm- aol x , : . , . latnei see spoits requiring gj:eat hooey course. physical exertion demoted rather JKooey course or not, prof., three than promoted. I should think that hours of B are three hours of B. you, as a sports writer, would try You know, Purdue must haye to promote more interest in all come into the lime-light lately judg- sports. Sports requiring various taling from the number of .transfers, ents in strength, physique, endurSpme of -tliem are mighty cute, too. ance, and mental activity and conFor instance, you might ask Debr,is trol. Sports which will be attracgun Steve Mipton about a transfer tive to participants of various char-
student by th;e' name of Peg Baker.
• Rlatter Chat'f'er Remember the Hall Johnson choir and their harmonic renditions of the old negro spirituals ? Well, they’ve ‘gone and done it; yes, they’ve filially reverted to swing. “St. Louis Blues” is the. number and it’s really done in . a niannor. that will keep it in your album of classics. The choir, directed by Hall. Johnson, is no doubt the most able and well known of all Negro , choirs in the United States today. The 'group certainly made no mistake when they picked this blues number to pre.serve on wax.
SEMIOR CORDS
site':
On the reverse side is one of the great favorites among Negro spir-itual-s, “Go Down Moses.” The number i-s probably a little moi-e .sophisticated, a little more dignified than the oi'iginal version, but it still retains all the qualities, jilus a few more, that made it tops on the y.st of those who love the music of America. Fai'ther down the shelf we ran acro5.s something a little more on the jsoli'd side of the' beat. It’s a Sy Oliver number recorded by Charlie Barnet called “Swingin’ On Nothin’.” When Barnet gets to-' geth|5r with something Ijy Oliver something’s "^bound to happen and it has. A-iVather unusual sax arrangjOirieiit takes care of the first half iof the record and. Ford Leai y, Barriet’s vocalist, lets you know -what it means to be “Swingin’ On Nothin’ ” in the last half. If you’ll think hack, you’ll 4’epiem her Leary for Wig singing of ‘“hadrach” when
W!
DERBIES
CANES
SENIOR cemDS
LEARN TO DAN€€ ADULT ;BEGINNERS class OPENS tONlOHT 7:30 P. M.
TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS ENROLL AN ,OUR NEW ADULT ADVANCED CLASS TNURS.pSEPT. 18,7:3p|>.ni.^
ALLEIV S 6th and Ferry
x Hi^LI'HfiUl.Ly COOL , i
.lAST , PAY—llprothy LAiVIOI^ ’ Jon HAH
Service
youll Be Happy Too, If Buy Your Cords At"
^as with Larry Clinton. From
liow jon though wo’ll bet our money that SyouTl remember Dim for his-
^^Swihg’in’ On Nothin’” by Barnet. ^0 way, just in case you’re
-TODAY AY}-
ilfli, ' -Ametica't No. I Misphlot-MikV in Jilt (linniottjhitl^
iT^.A Pqfqri^ount Pictuy
■ AND —
GENE AUTRY BACKWTKEimE
. "WiMITE ,^Gl.|E" SERIAL
-THUR5, . ,FRI. - SAT .- SAINT JN PALM SPRINGS RQLMN'>iQME TO TEXAS iCAPTAIN iMARm PATHE NEWS . : .
TWO
TODAY FIRST RUN
HITS
RONALD COLMAN ANNA lee
IN-
MY LIFE WITH CAROLINE
—PLUS--.
FATHER STEPS OUT — WJTH~ Frank Albertson ledProuty - Lorna Gray
STARTS THURSDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
GUY (KIBBEE iii a NewLaasfh Hit
SCAtT6R(S0O,D meets BROADWAY
PLUS
A SHOT IN THE DARK — with — WM. LUNDIGON
— COMING ^ CITIZEN KA^
Thurs. - Fri. - Sa,t. - Z Hifs Richard Arlen - Andy Devine
HEALtHFULty'c^tofc; f
, A(ParamounrPiclure with' ‘ ' CH ARUt haoesUS .
loseph Schildkraut • Sorter iHall ; “ASJ TIMJES TODAY-
V. i
i.3
Errol Flynn .Fred MacMorray
;/
r/m
SS-
•^'edn^Bdcfyt'September i'V, 1?94i
W«»wk «*i*««««T
$ ' V t' ''4K '
»iiwi*if3A.;:gii«
^abh, Mal;glS?p.rd’s anriounceme‘nt>^e^tei^aay tha,t the^iiiial aPWeah,!|ii^nr5?ia]5|[jiyvtij^?^q^d- bb;hbW the coming Saturday i^laqes a bjy^ U^r-
;|ep,Q]^.,tS|e^|i9^Iaei;s qf H
*nts.'jit^me^na .vt|je-jfrosh ^oaichin^ ata:^ ;ta!i£a the sqiTiathihg i^pyar‘^he hBRfWft^^epQ'^^ing ^hto arp -from the . same number of
4^ few seasons ago it'feec^me eyAde|it; to*
sbhoois, an^ thaja^e iiuraber of di^ei^jat-^poaphes, .apd ;fasai]phl^ them t^djc ^cpach^S th[i^ .there y^^s a ^ i , 1 , ' 'i>ractieeVopj)Ortatiifcy ?fW t)faok i^Sjiiiiat^ts'otifiilJr’^than'^
. pQii’t fthinh.that this i^n t.an iron man’s sap. .<]oaCh Burnham has - ^ jj-x. i ■ ^ il j,!. •b^eh -^orkipg^^eyhtishiy ipr geverai Hays jt^. iWork .'Qut ^i^ additional seasQu lyould «n^ble *the t^ugltt ihthe Ijmit^ed ajmoupt of time; iBesiddfe bdldirtg lengthy drills each J^^^ph'hj^h.to Sl/ay gn^hphtpf .hbhdition thjoug^ the;^year. *afteriiGph> ,iih€ ‘^rp8^ squad has been holding .night meetings m order iRealizing thattlie fall season pre- .^m„- „,, ^ j '
»to .tpafcn^sh?hments.' ‘ ^ ^ sented a valuable .chance to make ; '
V v^saj^ialiaiCeoler'r;.
■' i’'iHi. ■ V ^ ^ program .OJ ran itracK wasmaugu- -.,. Vi... i.. i;. t-t'■ y . ,. , fhts frpshiftahiteam isn!t-the largest :that has been on hand during j^ted. JEhe principal lying behind /Bk v«f, ^ C* J A . thepast‘few*years,.but it does contain a large grpup pf very fine pros--' thislprpgram was np.t .ope ,of the Up^l^ Id)
pects;;;]Be on>thedpokout:for .spnih of;the outstanding players in,Saturn variety’.as .usually ^associated widi - v ■ <-• x.. ^ • .= . w day’s tiisdle—Stram, Berweegen, Winkier, flurlie, Berkley, Gutting, and. jaijhletic practice. Bather .than havr benefit of an interested «f^,0thS3?g."??flVi;Uih0ihcaiiingithesetnamesplentyrof itimeshefore-many ing the men grind away at their ^tuderttsj a -new archery range has Reasons pass. ' ' > special event, the coaches wished been opened just west of the tennis ^ First Tesf Of 1941 Varsity the practice to amount to little more courts to the north of the Field- . This game will'; be one of gr^ah importance for jail .members of the. a general conditioner p,t ^|iick -hpuse. The new project has been svarsity team. Most of the starting positions for tfie first tilt are still un^ rupners Opuld have spine - j^y ^.j^g intramural depart chosen. Cempetition for all positions is itpugher than, it has been in a^. vh^fJr the .same (time develop ii? rr^,-, +,
^ireatmanir .years. ‘ a ’ ■ , : .. 4 .. It will be the first test of the varsity candidates this season under Decathlon Helps Squad iregular game conditions. A great deal will depend on the showing of the . To best accomplish this it was jplayers in this tussle. 1 ' decided to hold competition in a # Famous Women Golfers Coming decathlonjontot m which every I', 21 man would be required to enter
■ On Tuesday afternoon, September 23, Patty Berg^an^ Virginia,,b^ora ^Itie teame eligi- o’clock, and at a .jveiler, two of the most outstanding women gplfers iin the',nation, will for pn award! , Poipts were to during the day. All .visit the campus to give exhibitions and to play'.a maiboh onfhe new Ppr- hie .pwagded iPCCordW {p the man’s students are welcome. You may nqt :due course y^ith a couple of members of the Boilermaker golf team. position in each event and naturally ^ Robin Hood, but with a little This exhibition is planned especially for coeds, but will be open to the athlete exhibiting the greatest might be able to hit
lixient. Hence, if you knoW how to hdld a bow or if you want to learn,
come out.
A few enthusiasts are all ready using the new range, but they desire more company. Someone is always
thiij^ pls^yp
IRqsM^e. 'Stadittnrr
,. ;T^e^e3hW£^n-;..S91>^:=hSs
BPiht ipakerp-ii|i dDtfc
(i^li^^hPhyy; fullback jjndiaui^qhs;
|ill interested students.
jPrq^icdency over a wide range, ,of a bin. m.l.g.
events would finish on top. After the end of the season and
cross country track is completed, a banquet is held in their honor and
. . .'John Pe»y
Indiana is not the only Western Out of a 6,685 male enrollment at ^ (ponference eleven that has a Hill- - the University of Washington, fihbrand this fall. Joe Hillenbrandj 6,684 of them voted Ray Frankow-
brother of Indiana’s highly touted ski, from Hammond, Indiana, the at that time the four mep wRk tke ' Bill, is a junior .minor letterman guai’d most likely to.succeed during kighest total in the decathlon-are guard at Purdue'. • - - • the 1941 season. ' , ,awarded Especial ^-trophys , .given iby
Managers Wanted
Any sophoimore interested in
belpg a baseball ma,nager report to,either j)pi A^Rips or Jim Mer-
CLOTHES Sanitone Cleaned
Stay liipnger I . . . Stay in Pe^ss Sionger
132 Northwestern
Phone 7278
cer at the diamond on the intramural field today at four o’clock.
Head -Coach Herman 'Phillips. The fall practice is under the supervision of Assistant Track ■ Coach Homer Allen and Freshman
Gpaqh Jluwprd-Wilk^niq^).^nd-tli^v . . ..-. ' ... ..... . '
particularly want it stressed that
freshmen interested in track are fortunately will not be back tp
school this year. Winding up in the
welcome to enter the fall practice..
Incidentally, two of the first ten secrad placp.^t W^.^is year’s places last, year ,wese won by fresh- fmck captain^ ^aul Anjijhony, and
fHo fhirH nnrl Tmirhli ,snnf.s wpvp men. . . . , /
J^ig .John” Potty, -they ;c^ll.-ti\i$ husky fullback .around these parts, ^.n^'-not wfithpujt ;rea^o,p.dp;.tl!^^^ it together whpn ithey-say-itfeitl^er, because when , Jhe’s .standing, ihe apiqupts to ppmiathink like ,^1?^ ifeet qpe inch pf perfectly cpiiditiqned hall plaKer. Rightyppjv. Retty. tips the spales the.couid w^lkttvWqy W^h them, apd yop-tpo, oyer ope fhouldier rf ,he jc^ed for that-sert of thing.) in the tow 220’s .b,ut that wifi .be a shade high for him 'later on in the season. .
Blair at center. Although-linjured. : jin Mpnfiay’s practice, Matrewitz is coming along fast and Will probably play Satiprfiay. .;Gutting, the .only pthor .injured ipnn, brqke his wrist .and sp will he .opt of action at least three weeks.
Varsity vs. Varsity
By Lee Sloiie Women’s Athletic Association win hold callouts for any coed interested in archery, modern dance, speedball and tennis, Wednesday, -September ’18, at 4 p.m. in the Women’s
Gyin."
Shirley Johnson wRLhe in char^
in the third and fourth .spots were
Conditioning BaclTGei^^ron and Bill Gaulke repsec-
For the .fir^t three woeks of-the
practice, Allen and Wilkening will Bveirts , be at the stadium each day in order Following is a list of the events to offer indiyidual help and assist- that comprise the decathlon: 75 yd. ance in the conditioning of the men. dash, 330 yd. dashj 660 yd. run, 1320 The-fourth, fifth,' and Sixth weeks .-yfi/, J^un, 120 yd. low hurdles,, broad are devoted to the vunninjg of the jun^p, .high jum-p, shot put, discus decathlon, throw, and instead of the usual hopLast year the contest was won by step-jump event this year the pole Walter St-r-^pd^^Hinigiy v^ u^ vaail^will hg")a|®si5i|iUt^. r,^.idfc '
Steiqtly Bqothufi Now Although he now hailsirqm Pittsburgh, -Big John went to high schopl in.Uehanqn, Pennsylvania, .whei-e'ihe picked up four sports anfi a ,cpnple of seasphs’s wprth of letters during his -high school career.. At .Eugdue, hpweyer, ;he ;has.,gqne in .only iqr footb^il, the sport'-he caresf orvmost. , A .senior ,at,-present -in-the .mechanical .engineering school. Petty intends to either enter the Naval Reserve or go directly into industry tupgn gra!^ai^n.^e is a'!i^(nfili^if
COMING SOON
When You Talk Purdue^ Talk FootkaUl
This Season!
S25 AliiibiaiMia 'Street
^‘After You, GcHne First’
Pljoue 404^
Because of fhe.unpreparedness of arc.he^s who compete the ..rhipie squafi,this, early,dn th^ wite one ^her in^t^aments season, the fepshavnrsity will Jean Bte^ge^ld Will soperhe *unipn^ diffqnentpattern f^pm tournaments,.. tbisd: of..?fp.i?m^. years, jlnstead..Qf ' f the;freahnien, playjng, athe, whole, ^jeld,,..hocheyj vi^iqg^ ^golf game agajnst the regulars, dater in caliquts .wm jbe.heidM^^,‘$ep^ tbeihattlenqine .of ^theregulars,wfil tembqr Ifi!.^alsp # ffie go in to .oppose ‘their ;Own teani” who .go out fqr dueid hq^^ wili mates. This Will provide -a .more be underthg^upervision of:^Ienn(n^ eyeuiniatqh, seeing .as ihow the frpsh Harrison and may look forward to have ha.d'hut five days practice. several-important games.of the seaElmer ?Burnham expects t know son. The games .are the '^7A^ class by tomorrow a -tentative freshman hockey teams from Which -All line-up for Saturday’s gamei Al- Star/teams of coeds Wifi he ShoWn. though short of practice, the fresh- A WAA team will also .play against men are sure-to make a good show- hockey-playing-alums. ' •ing in the battle -and make sparks’ .LucindaiRedwine wfil take.eferge fly. The mew .pattern .of ^play -also of the horseback -riding and “Sliarwill add an interesting angle that jprie Brown will make arrangeWfil show who shines on .the var- aments,,for tfi® golfing tourneyp. rsity, Wih.e.' - - ..Fqur golfers, will be chosen to fif-
- ' tend the annual intercollegiate ^If
. . tournament which was held at Ohio
Sigma 'Phi Epsilon fraternity and
the “P” Men’s Club.
State University last year.
'Wop Ftosh,Aw»*‘d< John ,begnn ifiis jgrid enreqr here pt the Gniversi:^ rpther suspiciously When, as auneinber mf theiRhinie squad, he received the annual Fresh^ man Award given to the player showing the .most improvement. Adept at running the ball, passing and kicking, he has since gained the reputation of being ope of the latest fullbacks in the country. Last year he finished fourth -in the list of the Big Ten’s scoring leaders.
IM Schedule
September 17
'Softball DIAMOND
1 Acacia vs Phi Delta Theta. 2 Kappa Sigma vs Pi Kappa Alpha.
4 Ward 24 vs Ward 21. 5 Ward 33 vs WaiU W. 6 Ward 7 vs Ward 10. 7 Ward 11 vs Ward 32. Ward 26 vs Ward 12.
8
12..Gary mall-7, ivs ,Cary Hall 14. d3 Gary Hall i,6 vs Cary Hall 13. 14 Gary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 8. 15 .Cary Hall 4 vs Cary HaE ,li . le. .Cary Hall-3 ya-Cary J Hall 9. 17 .Cary Hall 2 ys ;Gaiy Hall 1,1. 18 Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 10.
' '''is
liRueger,.;a.fieftfihqlf‘.-^rom Moupt'_ „ «■. ^q^^Udi^np;!,^^ CtfOlfe
jBe!y^”.;Strfi(3q^,^.^eedy haqk from;,;’ -v,; k' ■ ■ iGpry.iQthqts t*q this igrpup .Activities pnd >q£^ce, are'*:iMlq:itisjco,;^inicleri>and Cqfah.t of.AWfi hi:e,hqidingW..q^traig^thi» .Jfihq .gqod .tepr^^ aftejmqpn, qf ..d.m’cloek in the sqpthiiqp.in Ppruie, .finegery! aiid office to .acquaint fppifjoinqre wo-/-^Mqiuah® ’^hpqii^.rejgqfctiug off men with aetiWties,’ con^steptly good hicks; Along With Ha^et T^iuqusj'f'.activ^ds chairthem in the baCkfields that huve man, aud.-^^y chair-
jbeen' Wjwhiui? lu the few scrim- -nian, wifiye^lain the'/nnetiom-j^^^^ mages thus far are'iYojciechowski, their committees. Becky Pervini^^B^^
pBerekley, and Close. in ch^ge mf the meeting. Agnea Plenty of‘End ' McCulloch, president }<rf Arif'S will - 'In the dine at -the ends the most ^ sophomore^ of the advanprQiuiaipg fp idate wue -Allen, >Col- iqs^S 'Of wuckifig fqr ^W^;
grove, Anderson, ,ahd;,,^a}qney, I ;i ■ /
■while .fit .ta.qlsle .(fiy.mer, Bmiecik, Aitken, apd .Matrewitz pre fiest. Barwegen, Guthier, pnd fiepdafi look good at guard also Sidell and, rr Wednesday, September 17, 194U »!•
Hajzyk, an unusually promising sophomore Hajzyk was selected as alternate for the Freshman Football Meiit Tiophy last spiing With ten days remaining before the season’s opener with Vanderbilt, the first and*’second team lineups begin to take shape The first stung includes ends, King and Combs, tackles, Eossi and Timperman, guards. Miller and Melton, centel>^ Leugo, quaiteiback. Kersey, halfbacks, Galvin and Beito, and fullback. Petty These men are being closely pushed for their positions by ends, Eush and Shimei, tackles, French and Warien, guards, Ehilich and Stevens, center, Johnson, quaiterback, Hajzyk, halfbacks, Chester and Cartel, and fullback Snyder According to an official tally made at the dooi of the Sweet Shop last night 27 out of 60 co eds enteiing the Shop woie di esses below their knees
Mathematics Condition Examination Bkaminalion to remove condition in mathematics will be given in Recitation building on Saturday September 20 at 1 p m Ail students with unremoved C grade must take this exam since no other exam will be given this semester Students expecting to take this exam must obtain permit at the department of mathematics before September 18 —AYRES P A Equipment Operators Anyone interested in contracting to play records with youi own equipment and record library for Union lea Dances call me at 6058 —DEUSTER Dance Calendar All social chairmen must present requests in writing before Fiiday September 19 for dances hold in the Union building Please state time date and name of sponsoring organizatic n —S TAREK Military Code Classes Extra curricular code instruction will be conducted by the militiry depaitment agiin this year for any male students interested Announce ment of the schedule will be made the last week in October —BURKHART Union Building Permanent Assignments Organizations wishing permanent rooms in the Memorial Union building will submit written petitions to the Student Union Board before Friday Septembei 19 Please state size of organization and reasons for requesting a permanent room —STAREK Pall Track All candid itcs for track and field who plan to practice this fall repoit to rcom 107 of Ih 11 Id House Wednesday Septembei 17 at 4 16 p m —A1 1 LN
Plying Club* Important organization meeting Wednesday 7 30 p m in room 302 of the union I —HABICHT
Alpha Zetai Important meeting, September 17, at 7 30 p m in room 232 of the Union —SWAIM Student Senate Meeting postponed until Wednesday September 17 at 7 80 p m in Senate office —DIBOS Debris Sales meeting in Debris office Wednesday September 17 at 4 p m Bring all sales books All salesmen be there
—MINTON
AWS Executive Board Meeting Wednesday September 17 at 7 30 p m in AWS office —McGULLOCH Purdue Horticultural Society Meeting Wednesday September 17 at 7 30 p m in Horticulture auditoiium Pleace bo picscnt impoitant —WOLF Sophomore Union Men Report to Student Union office Thursday Septemler 18 at 4 15 pm for important meeting in mixer inblriietion —GOSSEIT Civil Engineers Important initial meet ini of ASCI Thursday September 18 in room 201 f the Union at 7 30 p m Re freshmentb and speaker —^TRUITT Eta Kappa Nu Important mooting in the Reading Room of the PE Buildmi Wed nesday September 17 at 4 p m Please bring suggestions fer the cord parade —SOUIHMAYD Ceres Meeting in room 305 of the Union at 7 p m Thurs lay September 18
—CHESTER
Roger Williams Club Annual fall picnic Saturelay September 20 Meet at church at 1 80 p m Total cost will be 26 dents
—ARTMAN
Alpha Phi Omega All men going on overnight hike call mo at 2648 for reserva tions any evening after six Moot in Swed ish lounge of thd Union at 3 p m Satur day Soptemher 20 Will return Sunday morning Anyone who can provide transportation piease call Dick Adams at 6083
—SIGLER
Modern Dance Club Callout for all members and girls interested in becoming mem bers at 4 p m Thursday September 18 in tbq__Women s Gym —SERBON PA System Owners Anyone owning a PA system wishing to si I mit bids for 12 PIA sponsored tea dances must elo so by Friday September ) to the I lA efficc
—BOHLKE
Exponent Sophomores New men are as signed to nights as f Hows—1 deslein Monday Wednesday Kimbr II Me n I ly Wed nesday Shevell Mondav Fi lay Starr Monday Thuiselay Wells M n lay Wed nesday Gl ispie Me nelay Inlay Sum meis Tuesday Ihurselay Ktmliiieler lues day Thursday Allemaig 1 les lay Sit urday Glass Wednesday Satur 1 y
—RUlFNER
Sigma Delta Chi Meeting Thursday aft ernoon Septembei IS it 4 15 p m in the Exponent office Good ide i to be the re —TRAUGOT1 Riding Club Meeting Thurseliy Seitera ber 18 it 7 p m in room 94 ef th Un ion Impoitant th it eveiyone b Ih re I
—CRAHAM
Student Tutors In Mathematids Students who are competent and who wish to do tutoling in mathematics should leave thmr names and telephone numbers at the math department office —^AYRES Mechanical Engineers First meeting dii! ASME will begin at 7 30 p m Thursdiy September 18 in the west faculty lounge of the Union Plan to ]oin them —WEIR FAO Sophomore Workers Following men report to work Wednesday September 17, at 4 p m in the Fraternity Affairs office, roim 328 of the Union Alter Hile M(fTaque Killmcr Schwab Green .
—PEARSON
Outing Club All students are invited to meeting of Purdue Outing Club Tuesday Septembei 23 Meet in front of Armory at 6pm to hike to cabin For picnic reset vations call Ted Paiker 76271 or Marjorie \Vard 41111 before Monday night Sep tember 22 —WARD Gilder Club Open meeting Thursday September 18 in the tower loom of the Union at 7 30 p m All those interested are invited to attend Movies of the club in action will be shown —CAFFEL Fraternity Presidents Interfraternity li sidents dinner meeting Thursday Sep tcmbei 18 at 6 pm at the Beta Theta Pi house —MAYFIELD Public Service Engineering Seniors Meeting Thursday Septembei 18 at 8 p m at I imb s Senior parade discussion among other Ihingfa —CHAMBLRS Exponent Sophomore Coeds Work sched ul IS I osted in office Please check and lepoit on days assigned —ROSE
Classified Ads
Lost Log log duplex dccitrig slide rule Rcwaid Return to Scoggan Phone 3301
‘Is that all it says*^—Just that you’re graduated? Aren’t there any further instructions'^”
Radio Review (Continued fiom page 2) Listen foi it on NBC B
ep ^ -I*
Again we sally foith with a suggestion for tonight’s best listening why not tune in on “Millions for Defense” at 7 o’clock’ Of course, the progiam has only Kate Smith, Edgai Beigen and Chailie MeCai thy to make it tick Maybe they can stiuggle along somehow.
1 3
Admirers of the classics, just glance at oui piogram for this eve ning At 10 p m you can hear “Masterwoiks of Music over CBS, what more could you desii e ’ It’s a better half hour than a lot of daylight piogiams Here’s a publicity note fiom NBC Blues singer Helena Home, despite seven years mike expeiicnce, still has “buttei flies in hei stomach” when she appears to sing Ha’ We knew we should have dropped that
9 a m Speech class Our stomach IS evei so delicate Boilermakers (Continued fiom page 1) mores, and Merlin Gantz, who was handicapped by a broken leg last season, have all made their pres-
ence felt
At fullback, John Petty, smashing lunnei and kicker still holds the numbci one assignment Howevei, spuittd competition is being offered by Bill Buffington, and plocky Snydei who was shifted from the quaiteiback post George Buighardt, apparently is the most promising of the sophomoies Promising Soph Vntually the same wide open situation eyists at quarteiback with Bob Keiscy and Fred Smeike, who handled a big share of the pilot duties last season piessed for the number one assignment by Jim Caiy, minor letteiman, and Bob
Notices
Basic Military Students Meeting of all students interested in tryouts for mem beibhip m Purdue Order of Zouaves rifle drill team at 4 p m Wednesday Sept 17 in the armory —GRAI Chemistry 111, 112 and 126 Leave sched ulc of classes in my mail box in the Chem istiy Department office —ELVING Advanced Course Applicants The follow ing students aie eligible to take Alvanced Course without expense to the governmci t If interested contact Major Messcrsmith at Armoiy at once L N Seiler W G Riee J T Shively W L Leifheit M H listei J Pfennii tei J S Pritchard C A Davis W B Rosenbaum H K Herr R E Mali coat W N Coughlin R E Myers H Sorem D P LoMastcr J R Iiwin H P Bramley J H Stigglem in H D Fulmer W L Ullom H H Humma A R Pis trick R N Caputo D M Ligg tt W b Wagner J P Reeves D A McC i lin W E Taylor R A Bibbins A L Culbertson R J Starr W P Mitchell D Wught A H Ludwig R C Gantz W P R thgeb —MAJOR MESSERSMITH Social Chairmen Picsont your requests for dances to be held in the Union in wr t ing to the Student Union Board bef re Friday Sept IJ State date time and bill
room preference
—STAREK
Tau Beta Pi Short but important meet mg in room 30 of the Union Wednesdi y
Septembei 1 at 7 30 p m
—MUNGER
Novice Pistol Group St ident desiring to file in the first novice pistol group stilling Sett 23 1941 may sign up in the supjly room of the aimory now
—BROWN
5023
RIDE IN STYLE
IN A
YELLOW CAB — PHONES —
3071
Call a Yellow When Shipping Trunks ^^The Thinking Fellow Calls a Yellow’’ YELLOW CAB CO
ADVENTURES IN GOOD EATING AT PURDUE
fi
—w
^ '"WILL YOU.? WON’T YOU.?” Will you take me'^fiut to dinner Ed’ I m so tired of cooking in Let s go to Tom s You know Special Like Darling, you re on' Tom s Steak for me and anything your little heart desires Let s go to Tom s
ARMORY RESTAURANT
301 University Street
GOOD SANDHflCIIES SOFT DItIMS and GANOIES
FRANK'S PLACE
Students ! ! ! If you are in
#i
Cl#
doubt as to where to get food that IS
satisfying
TRY, Eating at
FRED’S EAT SHOE
WE DON'T MIND MORE BUSINESS The National Defense drive doesnT prevent us from stocking up with more of our tasty Hamburgers— 5c and 10c MILK SHAKES AND MALTS STEAKS and SANDWICHES WEST SIDE GRILL
EAT and DRINK
Hi the GREEN GABLES “I ifayi He’s I argest and Levelesl Drive In’ B( twten M iin mil Riown Sin 11 I eve< s W I ifayelte Plioin 8279 Mis Eslilli Rrown, Owinr and Managtr
ENJOY A HOMELIKE if SUNDAY DINNER J Why not drop in with some of your fiiends veiy soon and enjoy our dislinttive home cooked meals? We know that later the first hite you will become one of our most faithlul and steadiest eustomeis. Pi ices won’t pinch youi pocket and our menus will jilease your stomach. PURDUE COFFEE SHOP “Purdue’s Old( si and Favorite Dmitiff Spot”
WHERE ARE YOU GOING TO EAT TODAY? P \ ^ 7
SOMETHING NEW IN ^ , EXPONENT ADVERTISING " ^ AN AID TO THE / ADVERTISER AS WELL AS TO THE READER
Jltiln .G? Ph Indiana’s Home of the Most Juicy, Tender Steaks Ever Laid Befoie You STEAKS THAT SIZZLE ON THE PLATTER
Bring Your Parents. Fiiinds. or Dates
Also Varied Drinks SARGE BILTZ
laterat rlioii uf 23 and 52
‘On tin By P ibs’
Whethei you aie looking foi just a sandwich or a full course dinnei, the PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION can seive you faithfully Tiy the— Chestnut Room for Full Courses Cafeteria ’ Grill for Light Meals Coffee Shop Sweet Shop JhiL fiiUldusL WmuPtiaL lAtmtL
The EXPONENT highly recommends all of the restaurants, whose ads appear on this page, for their fine foods and service.
MADE THE WAY YOU MOST ENJOY IT! • Chow Mein . . . Varied Dishes • Chop Suey . . . All Kind Molce It Your Treat , f to Dine at i ’ "
Lafayettes Only
%u. ChmcL