i
f>
4-' r®*" ..
TODAY'S EDITORIAL Condemns PEM 12 T' Shirt Regulation
SCRAP ROBBER Takes Its Place In War, See Page 2
(_"
Establlsked 1889
Ruin The Ruhr
Volume 54, No. 22
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wedn^day, June 24, 1942
/Men From 78 To 20 I|;i Register Tuesday Students Absent Due To Illness Must Notify Assistant Dean Of Men
Tuesday; June 30, has been designated by Governor Schricker as Registration Day throughout Indiana. All male citizens and all male aliens who were born on or after January 1, 1922,
Murphy Speaks At Ag
Teacher Banquet
University Pays Tribute To Retiring
Arfnnar
With Haitcs
Cadets
To Dance
Friday
Scabbard And Blade To Sponsor Formal Summer fprmal season will open
and on or before June 30, 1924, are expected to register at ° mg for the Scabbard and Blade this time. dance in the North Ballroom of the The place of registration in this community is the Morton union. The dhnce is for the purpose
grade school at 232 North
Chauncey street.
Can Choose Place Of Residence All students of the University subject to the registration who are out of the city on June 30 will be permitted to register at the most convenient place of registration in any community. The registrant has the right to determine his place of residence and for the sake of convenience University students may wish to indicate their local addresses as their place of resi-
dence.
Illness Cases
All students of the University , j -i . .
who are prevented by illness from ^0 P^-y tribute to those pledges. The names of the pledges the present situation,” said registering are requested to get in of fhe engineering staff who will be covered until the^ pledging Murphy. “Monopoly of cer
touch with the assistant dean of retire officially from the Uni- ’
John G. Neihardt To Give ladings
From The Epic
rence Will Close Today By Soil, Crop Experts
Ch^trkfeMi&.pf]^; of the histdry^ economics and government public speaker, has devoted nearly twenty-eight years to the
department was the principal speaker at the annual banquet writing of this epic,
of the Indiaiia Vocational Agriculture Teacher's Association
Five Members Retire June 30
Five members of the University faculty and staff were guests of honor of the University last night when the engineering faculty gathered at
of introducing the summer session pledges, i^ormal pledging will be held today dt 4:30^ p." m. in the
Arrtioi’y.
The committee in charge of the
of "sabi^s^wm” march”into the balP last night in the Ij^orth Ballroom of the Union. In his talk rodm at 10:30 and present the 'entitled “(^iuo Vadis’* Murphy stressed the importance of long dance to Captain Max Spencer, time thinking. He discussed the Geopolitic and power politics The pledges, after being present- theory of reconstruction aft^er the war and he said that, in his cfptein?Robert^ M^Te '"and^’^S influenced the details of the peace we
Vollmer, will march through the will have lost the war regardarch of sabres and be presented less, of who wips the military
with their ribbons by their dates victory,
whose services are paid for with a uj j^^pg ^jjg ^-jj^g
“The backdrop of the dance will “f™*"
Show the blade, key and bar of the that every possible step be takorganization and the names of the en to prevent the recurrence of
Poet Will Present Program . In MifinifHall Friday At 7:30 Readings from the “Epic Cycle of the West”, a poetical story of the westward advance of the white race to the Pacific, will be presented by the author, John G. Neihardt, at a Music
Hall convocation Friday night at 7:30.
Neihardt, a'.distinguished American poet, literary critic and
War Council, Student Union Sponsor Contest
Army Revises New Enlisted Reserve Plan
Completed recently, it consists of five ■ songs, each dealing with
events of the pioneer days of
the west.
These songs are entitled: “The Song of Three Friends,” “The Song of Hugh Glass,” “The Song of Jed Smith,” “The Song of the Indian Wars” and “The Song of the Messiah.” For “The Song of the Messiah” the author was awarded the Gold Scroll Medal of Honor as fore-
Last week the War Department announced the inauguration of its general plan for the voluntary enlistment of qualified male students
of the University in the Enlisted most poet of the nation for 1936. Reserve Corps of the Army. Associated With Indians
The purpose of the enlistment
men who will act
such
as registrar in
Civil Service Issues
The United States Civil Service Commission has issued anirounceirrents covering throe new employment oppoi trinities, and amendments to five cuireut examinations. These new regulations are as follows: To fill appointments for Rotating liiterneship and for Psychiatiie Resident in St. Elizabeth’s Hospital, Federal institution foi the treatment of mental disorders in Washington, D. C , the Conimission will accept applications for Junior Medical Officer, !i)2,000 a year, until further notice. One Year of Service The Rotating IntcrncKhip consists of one year of rotating ‘■'eivice including medicine, suigery, psychiatiy, laboiatoiy, podiatiic (affiliation), and obstetrics (aliation). Appointments aie made on July 1 and Januaiy 1 of each yeai. Applicants must be fourth-year students in a Class A medical school. A postgraduate iriterneship of one yeai in piycliiatiy (Psychiatric Resident) is offered to graduates in medicine who have already served or arc now serving in an accredited rotating inter neship. Proof of completion of their interneship must be shown before entrance on duty. No written test is require and there arc no ago limits. Need Statistical Clerks Statistical clerks are needed for positions paying 1,620 a year in Federal agencies in Washington, D. C. Applications will be accepted by the Commission until August 4, 1942. No experience is required, but applicants will be given a written test in which their passing will depend on having a good working knowledge of arithmetical piinciples.j Persons over 18 may apply. There is no maximum age limit. (See Civile SERVICE, page 4)
I
Screen Review To Present Movies Tomorrow At 3 Tomorrow aftetnoon, starting at 3, Weekly Screen Review will present the following piogram of movie shorts in the Hall of Music: “News of the Day,’’ shown at 3:18 and 4:34; a March of Time presentation entitled “Argentine Question” at 3:27 and 4:43; and “Perfidia,” a community sing, at 4:06. , Louis Broomfield will be featured on “Information Please” at 3:46
versity June 30. Those who are le-
tiiing aie as follows:
Dean R. G. Dukes ot the graduate school wlio also is head of the department of Applied Mechanics; Prof. Alanson N. Topping, professor of electrical engineering Prof. George W. Munro, professor of
mechanical engineering.
Prof. Gilbeit A. Young who has been on leave of absence for the past year as head of the School of Moehanical Engineeiing and who actually comes into full retiiement this yeai; Miss Tillic Magovern, who has served for many years as
ceremony when they will be uncovered. A reception will be held At 10:00 in the West Faculty Lounge for the actives, pledges and guests. As is the custom no corsages will be worn to the dance. Invitation to
the dance is by bid only.
Approximately 400 grain And
tain raw materials is one cause of the present upheaval and must
be prohibited in the peace.” Bruce Hardy, president of the as-
sociation acted as toastmaster at the banquet. Dr. George E. Davis, Director of Teacher Licensing Bureau, presented several of Riley’s poems and the University Glee Club, (Under the direction of A1
Stewart sang several selections. The 28tli annual conference will
come to a close this afternoon with today’s program designated as technical day. The opening session at 8:15 a. m. will be devoted to farm management with Dr. E. L. Butz
, . . . „ ^ „ Neihardt gathered much of the
For the purpose of selling large f msure a future source of historical detail for numbers of stamps to the some 3,- qualified officer candidates for the ^his great poetic undertaking from 000 students attending school this armed forces from college gradu- hig close association with Indi.u summer, a defense stamp contest ute®. old-timers of the west and his sponsored by the War Council and New Changes intimate knowledge of the' country the Student Union gets under way One new change has been made in which the events took place, today. in the plans which will bear atten- On Reading Tour ’
tien, according to Captain Graham He is, now on a tour of reading of the University Military Depart- programs and popular lectures and ment. Students enlisting in the has appeared in many universities,
to be purchased will be located at Army Air Force Enlisted Reserve His programs have been most sucthe entrance of the Sweet Shop and will now be required to take the cessful and have called forth many at a conspicuous place in Cary Hall, same mental examination after en- favorable comments from these uniThe 3,000 students who will pur- listment that members of the Army versities. Especially admiied are chase stamps will be requested to Ground Force Enlisted Reserves his excellent voice and stage presstate their organizational ties so take. ence and his ability to inteipret that the winner of the contest may Another point which Captain poetry in a melodious and dramatic be determined. Independent stu- Graham stresses is that students fashion. He is assisted in his lyiic
Booth At Sweet Shop
Booths at which the stamps are
secretaiy irj. the office of the dean feed dealers are expected to attend speaking on “War Time Price Con- residing who fail to sign up under the quota and dramatic readings by his son, of engineering. the mid-summer convention of the trol for Indiana Farmers” and R. H. the Halls will be dealt with col- this year will be unable to sign up Sigurd, who is a concert pianist.
next year. Next year’s quota is for Passports Necessary
Dean Potter Preside.s \ Dean A. A. Potter presided at the dinner and pi’esented to each person special retirement certificates, ciimg their periods of service and some of their contributions to the growth and development of
the University.
Mrs. Dukes, Mrs. Topping and Mrs. Munro were presented corsages. Messages fiom oiher faculty (See S’FAFF, page 4)
Penally Dales During the Summer Term there are two penalty dates. They are July 2 and July 6. These dates represent the twen-ty-four hour periods before and after the Independence Day Recess. A student who is absent from classes on either of these days will be assessed an extra’ fee of $5.00 for each day or Iraction thereof inisScd. GOLDSMITH.
Indiana Grain Dealers’ Association to be held next Monday in the Me-
morial Union.
The session will open with a golf tournament Sunday afternoon and a program in the evening. Carl T. Wilson of Sulphur Spripgs, Ind., president of the association, will preside at the business meeting on Monday. There will be a dinner in the evening with an address by William Dern of Cincinnati, Ohio. Among speakers at the sessions
Bauman discussing “Patriotism, Actively.
Production and Profit for Hoosiei Farmers Next Year.” Fertilizer Practices The lemainder of the forenoon session will deal with soils and crops. Dr. G. D. Scarseth will speak on ‘^New Feitilizer Practices” and K. E. Beeson will discuss “Newer Crop Vaiieties.”
Victory Day
This throe day progi-am was divided into three sections with vic-
Upon tlie termination of each week the contest results will be pioniinently displayed on a large bar graph in front ot the Sweet
Shop.
new students only. Admission will be by season ticket Freshmen should apply to their or passport and the doors of the freshman military instructors for Music Hall will open at 7. Single interviews for enttance into the En- admission tickets will be available
listed Reserve Corps,
Sophomores, Juniors, and Seniors
will be Dr. Edward C. Elliott, pres- tory day coming on Monday, proident of the University; Miner M. fessional day yesterday and tech-
Justin Of West Lafayette, state nical day today.
Both^bobths will be opened every should apply to their correspondday from 4 until 5:30 p. m. and on ’^g class instructors. (Sophomores, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays Junior and Senior instructors, re-
fiom 11 a. m. to 1 p. m. All stu- spectively.)
Students are urged to apply for admittance early before the quota is filled. The offices of all instructors
agiicultural statistician; Freeman Bradford of the Indianapolis Board of Trade; Ray B. Bowden of Washington, executive vice-president of the Grain and Feed Dealers’ National Association; B. M. Angell of Indianapplis; J. E. Willis, Jr., pf Washington, special assistant secletary of agriculture; and E. P. MacNichol of Chicago, representative of the Ameiican Feed Manufacturers’ Association.
Yesterday’s pro,gram opened with a recorded talk by Dr. B. C. Lawson of the University staff on “A Philosophy of Vocational Education in Agriculture.” After several panel discussions, Harry Ainsworth, state supervisor of Agricultural Education spoke on “Our Job.” Dr. Knight Speaks Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the (See AG CONFERENCE, page 4)
dents are uiged to buy a number
of stamps.
Playshop To Present 'Jim Dandy' Next Tuesday, Wednesday By Ernest Nordlinger
at this time for 50c plus tax. Halliwell Speaks On Essential Metals G. P- Halliwell cf II. Kramer and
may be found on the second floPr Company of Chicago, pt evented an
illustrated lecture last Thursday night in the Student Union to the AIME. The lecture dealt vith the problems and properties of aluminum and manganese fcronzes which have been brought into the fcieground by national piioiity regula-
tions.
William Jule, president; Joseph
of the Armory.
Columbian Park Has Reputation ! As Community Recreation Center
With less than a week before the opening performance, the cast of the Playshop production “Jim Dandy” is putting the finishing touches to this two act comedy by
William Saroyan. The play will be tournament
given next Tuesday and Wednesday in Fowler Hall at 7:30 p. m.
Last Touches On Set
WAA Announces Tennis Finalists Finalists in the WAA Tennis
Tournament, which started June 1,
have been announced. Nancy Coop- Terpo, secretary, and R. G. Bohn, er, who‘defeated Lois Vei'Hoeven in group sponsor, all of the Chicago
the semi-finals last week, will play Mary Faustich, winner over Ruth May Evens, for the championship this week. Fifteen girls entered the
District of AIME were introduced after the lectm-e. Mr. Jule gave a short talk and announced a theme contest open to the student mem-
bers of the AIME.
By' Mary Sutton and Bo]|) Boswinkic
Even the stage crew has been busily putting the final touches to the set. This work has been under the direction of the master carpenter, Meyer Evanson. The revolving door has just arrived from Minnesota University, where this
the dancing numbers. Couches are on stage so that the librarian and the dancers may lounge between
routines.
The entire setting will have a
honor erected in 1940 by Bert and June clorama” or backdrops will consist Hepburn, University librarian; L. ing and skill in the field of aviation. Df the Loeb. The stadium serves as head- of long black drapes. On either side M. Vallely, manager of the Union; Maps, Charts Of Last Tour
and 6:02; “Glacier Trails,” a Magic for a change.
Carpet of Movietone, will be shown at 3:56 and 5:12; and “On the .Spot,” a sport reel, will be presented at 3:00, 4:16, and 6:22. The piogram will conclude with a cartoon, “Donald’s Camera,’ at 3:10, 4:26, and 5:32. Admission will be by pass-
port ohly.
is a mccca for busy townspeople generally fhoilght of as' one of the with an qxtra Sunday and the 200 safer diversions at the park, com-
Ed Vaughn, 'manager of Colum- sailors with the week-end off. pared to feeding the lions and such, bian Park looks just how the man- Begin In 1891 two sailors who couldn’t swim had ager of Columbian Park should. “Water Works Park and Click’s a rather tragic time that first SunHe is rather short and stout Lake” was the enticing title con- day when after a few ungraceful and the cigar in his month which nected with the area in 1891, the antics on board, the boat upset, ache removes as he begins to talk of year the present pavillion was built, quainting the sailors for thd first the park is standard equipment for The city fathers had no such pur- time with the terrois of the bliny him. I pose as a park foremost in mind in deep—-the deep anyway. Office In Pavillion 1878 when they appropriated money Stadium Erected In 1940 The office of Ed Vaughn is in the for work to begin. It is true that One of the most recent additions Pavillion and the manager is con- they ordered a lake to be dug in the to the park is the new stadium,
stantly bubbling over with enthu- shape of the letter “G” in siasm in talk about the paik, and he of Mr. Click, first president of
wifi talk too—anytime he isn’t too towns’ waterworks board but all the quarters for the Lafayette Red Sox busy giving orders to the little man town guardians wanted was enough The $131,000 swimming pool was who is waiting to trim the toe-nails dirt to build a water reservoir. built in 1938-39. Clean water fills of the elephant, or the person who In passing it is well to note that the pool every 8 jiours. The bath is mixing some feed for the eagles, with the reservoir complete and the house is very modern, including an
dirt piled high around it, “keep off” excellent place for dancing.
signs were placed on the banks. The zoo started when a pah' of music to express their ideas.
Since the day that the challenging elks and a pair of eagles were dosigns were erected every small boy nated to the park. Ed Vaughn’s has made it his life ambition to family has now grown to such climb the steep bank and peer over, dimensions that it includes a thirty Sailors Had Mishap In Boat year old elephant, 3 leopards, 14 Twenty boats, the kind with oars, monkeys, 2 baboons, a zebra, llama, are for rent in the boat house which Ameiican buffalo, water buffalo, 7 joins the pavillion. The sailors, dur- fallow deer, and 7 elk which, if iilg' their first Sunday after their placed end to end, would no doubt
Union Will Display Collection Of Amelia Earhart Citations
Medals, charts, pictui’es and man- possessions has been arranged as a uscript of Amelia Earh^irt, intrepid memorial to her memory on the woman flyer who lost her life five fifth anniversary of her disappearplay was given recently. 'Various ago somei^here in the South ance.
platforms have been provided for Her husband, George Palmer
July 1 and 2 m the west reception Putnam, has, during the past two room of the Union. q^. three years, assembled and Arrangements for the exhibit, turned over to the University for which will reawaken the memory a permanent collection the numerof the woman who crashed wherp Qug medals, citations, and trophies ships and bombers now wage war, which she had received for flying
surrealism appearance. 'The “psy- were made this year by Prof. W. M. the Atlantic and other feats of dar-
or the animal feeder who is having his difficulties with the toniperamental lion that is getting tired of liam bones and wants a leg of lamb
of the drapes will be tall surrealistic boudoir windows with large gold bows holding back flowing red curtains. Thpe will also be a pianola on stage. Jim Dandy and his follower, Jim Crow, often resort to
Create Odd Setting
and Robert Parks, art director of the Union. Mr. Parks is in charge
of the exhibit.
Last Heard Of In 1937 Amelia Earhart was last heard from July 2, 1937, while on a globe-circling flight which she expected to complete before returning
There are also maps and charts of her disastrous world tour and manuscripts which she wrote and sent back from various stops on the tour. These manuscripts appear in her book, “Last Flight,” which was published some months after hdr
Ed Vaughn can be proud of the park too, for among its facilities, it boasts the second largest zoo in the state, one of the finest stadiums for a town the size of Lafayette in the country, tiio healthiest “cooler off-
Lee Fishback, master electrician, has developed the light arrangement- to help create this odd setting. As he so ably expressed it, “The lights will accent the modes
to the University to spend full time
(swimming pool) in town and a arrival on the campus, took to the result in quite a mess for Ed to resemble fluid motion as the lights t^e sea with her navigatoi', Pilot th^ matei'ial on permanent display very adequate picnic grounds, that boats like all sailors do. Although straighten out. shift from scene to scene.” Noonan. The exhibit of her official later.
in flight research. She was, at the time, flying her “Purdue Flying Laboratory," and had taken off for Howland Island, a tiny spot the vast Pacific between New
of the characters, highlighting the Guinea and Hawaii. Apparently she public for the first time July 1 and more prominent charactei's—it will missed the island and perished in 2. The University hopes to have
The material to be exhibited has been stored in the vaults of the Executive Building and University Library for the past months and will be on display to the general
iwmiPage 2
Tf^ ' ^ ITT"'!'** • 1* T^" *' * ' ' I ‘ ! •*!’*
Exponent
Wednesday, June 24, 1942
■ • ".'•■ " '■ ■ . - X - ■ •;.. ,■" ,if5
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Ediforial and Business, f^urdue Memorial Union, Phme 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 279Z Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Edi\f-in-rhipf News Editor MnnAcint; I'dilor Spoils Kdiiur Ildsioess Mnhjijrrr i'lrrulnlion Manager Cord Kdilor :
John F. Amos Don T. Brophy .... John H. Armatrons Robiirt L. Hadley ...... William D. Millard Ken K. Gjemre Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff
Associate Editors Editorial Staff: R. W. Boswinkle, D. E. Butz, W. Q. Hoskins, ■A. P. liitutor, n. W. Ochiltree, W. E. Rafert. Sports Staff: D. E. Brower, ,f. S. Dawson, E. L. Karpick, Cord Staff: Sally BealJ, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer,
Business Staff
Cord Business Manaeer: Julia Martin. . .AdvrrlisinK Managers: .1. M. Wright, D. L. JohnsOB. Circnlalion Manager: G. H. .Klouman. .Arriunits Manager: Trena Torrenga. •liinior Cord Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Ketsa,
Staff For This Issue NirJit (Mlltor: Ochiltree Day editor: Hasa SiKJils rtlitor: Knrpick Issue editor: Kollina Rcporicr.': Althcrr. Sutton, Freyman, Miller, Jordan, Kim-lla.-^rman, Scheicl, Ackerman.
Entered ns second class matter at the post oflfice tn Lafayetlc, Indiana, under the act of Consrress of March 3^ 187tf, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, .act nf October .1. 1917. authorized January 20, 1922. ^blishcd [in Wednesday, Friday and Sunday mornings during the sum' mcr semestf-r and daily except Monday during the full and ■vviiitcr semesters. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.25 for summer semester; mailed subscriptions $1..50. Kepresented for national advertising by National AdvertiS' inir Service. |ne.. Oollege Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Scrap Rubber
University Calendar
Tomato Canners Need Inspectors
cTeitBAA, t o ' '
Goes To War
Wednesday^ June 24
For Coming Season
the ^£WJ^
Shackles
Till' rlxacklc.s of convention, that ugly octapu;:. Unit all too frequently reaches out with iiG root It oaten hands and forces its human rini ra to follow’ its narrow minded creed has ontwined it.s way onto the campus, and into
Uto onicos of the PE Department. ’ nigh PEM 12 is generally considered
1 i
amon.!!: student.s as a “gripe course”, the same rlndcnt:; recognize its need and cooperate v. ji'iioVit loo many cuts. The shackles made their appearance when the PEM 12 course Avas first being designed. Adults, brought up in a narroAver minded age, complained to the pre:'id'-nPs office about the “half
naked
bodies” that were already disgracing the oth-r-i’AA i.se rfiacid community of West Lafayette. Tirese shocked ones sat on their front porches and x’oclccd nervously back and forth. They riiook their antique heads. “What would it be like Avhen over a thousand students would be talcirig the physical fitness course,” they asked .among themselves. Tlie president’s office passed the complaints on to the PE Department and the PE Departrneni. obediently announced at the first meeting of the class that all PEM 12’ers would be required to purchase a white cotton “T” shirt aiong with the rest of the uniform. A rnoral victory Avon, the mossbacks quickened the ]iaco of the rockers and looked for more evil ill the “younger generation”. Complaints oyer the stupid regulation ,• moiig the “younger generation”, the ones tim.t are actually affected, have been numerous, but of course the student is only the one that is paying his money to take the course. '] be student is a negligible quantity when the Aoice;; of a small portion of some creeky liinged citizenry are to be heard. PEM 1‘2 is supposed to be a physical fitness cour.se; a course that will toughen the stu-
div:-
; a course that will make him more nearly ically perfect and able to meet any physical ernei-gcncy he may encounter in fighting for lii.s nation’s e.xistence. Benefits from the s’ju would be enormous; indeed many of the .' i udiyiits desiring a tanned back must wa'Me extra hours taking sun baths or exercising “wiiliout” a shirt in order to attain it. The saAbi."; for the country of the material that go’ s into making the “T” shirts would be .'Tuail but not negligible when one considers flm ffii’antic effort being waged to collect a few ;,cra]js of rubber. But the essence of the Avholc Issue is that over half the men students on the campus are being afl’ected by a ruling d( cruixl necessary by a .small group of meddling fju.sybodies that have utterly no business saying Avhat the students should do.—rwb
'There ia nothing new about the proce.as. which will cdinvert your discarded overshoes and useless rubber hose, your broken hot water bottle and your out-worn galoshes, into rubber products which will overcome the rubber shortage and win the war. For many years a number of what are called “reclaiming plants” have been taking junk rubber'and converting it, by a very interesting process, into serviceable rubber; rubber which met commercial standards of itself in a number of items and which, mixed with a certain percentage of new crude rubber was in many respects the equivalent of crude rubber itself. Most of the rubber used by the reclaiming plants— the maximum capacity of U. S. reclaiming plants is something like ,320,000 tons a year—came from old automobile tires. Old automobile tires were flowing in great quantity to the reclaiming plants in the days of “happy motoring”, the days when no one worried about getting the last few thousand miles of wear out of their casings. Even today used casings—casings which have blown out or casings with so little tread that re^-eading is impossible, should furnish a great part of the reclaimable rubber which we mu.st get into the reclaiming plants. Railway Car Receives All Rubber Here is what happens to the rubber you have contributed to the war effort. When enough of it, the dismal looking tires from your garage and the garages of your townsmen, the rubber boots and nipples and galoshes and mats and hose—even the rubber toys and the rubber balls—everything but the rubber plant in the hall—have been collected’ to make shipment worthwhile they are loaded into a railway car which eventually is shunted onto a siding at a reclamation plant. , Here the carload containing your scrap along with the scrap from perhaps a thousand homes and farms and garages, is one with many others routed to the plants from other areas. Big cranes reach down mechanized hands for loads of junk rubber. Junk rubber is stacked in neat piles on either side of the tracks, great rectangles of forlorn automobile tires, huge pyramids of a fantastic rubber miscellany. An Old Tire Gets “Digested” Let us assume that among the rubber scrap which you contributed was one almost gone tire—the tire you told yourself “might come in handy” although you knew better right along. This tire passes into the plant and on to what is called a “de-beading machine which strips the beads from its surface. The “scalped” tire then is ground. It passes through rollers past rapidly rotating knives, which cut it up into minute particles for the purpose of “digestion” just as your teeth prepare food for your stomach. 'I'iiis ground up scrap rubber is “disgested” under pressure by means of caustic soda. The caustic soda constitutes the “digestive juices” and the stomachs of the reclaiming plant, are steam - jacketed autoclaves equipped with devices which stir the caustic soda into a “meal” of from two to four tons of ground up tire scrap. The caustic soda, together with certain oils, acts on the scrap rubber while at the same time high temperatures and pressure do their work. Once digested, the scrap must be cleaned; it must be washed free of dirt and of the caustic which remains. This is done by blowing the scrap under pressure into washing tanks and over streams which clean it. Digested, washed, the scrap rubber i.s put through a squeezing press to take /out as much water as possible drying it on belt dryers operating in temperatures of from 200 to 276 degrees. Scrap Rubber Becomes A Nctv Material Long before this the scrap has ceased ,to boar any resemblance to discarded rubber, it does not quite resemble crude rubber but it is definitely a material rather than a conglomerate of useless junk. The reclaimed rubber—for that at this point is what it has become—^then is put through rollers while at the same time certain ingredients are added to give it sucli specific qualities as may be desired. The reclaimed rubber is now slab rubber and the slabs are passed through a refining operation. The refiner is much like a rolling mill but a mill capable of exerting a tremendous pressure compressing the individual particles of rubber into a very fine sheet. Temperature plays its part here, too, the surface of the rollers are heated to temperature between 180 and 226 degrees Fahrenheit. During this refining operation any yet unsoft pieces of scrap are expelled by the rollers; they are'left behind in what is called the “bite” or are passed out at the edges. These hard pieces of scrap are called “kalings” and must be put through the digestive process again. Last Bits Of Metal Taken Out At this point the scrap rubber is “strained”, but the straining process isn’t like straining as we ordinarily think of it. Tlie slabs of scrap—by now in sheets jierhaps .0110 of an inch in thickness—go into a machine with a barrel and screw. The screw, oper ating in the barrel forces the scrap through a fine screen and removes such non-magnetic metals as brass ami copper and any final traces of the steel, the' bulk of which was removed much earlier in the course of the grinding operation. The scrap rubber emerges from the “strainer” in long spaghetti-like strings. After this, it g’oes througli a second refining operation on the roller;: and is wound on rotating drums to give it the desired thickness. The reclaimed rubber winds up as a square fat slab and these slabs, dusted with powder to keep them from adhering to one another, then are ready for use in military or essential civilian manufacture. The military uses of reclaimed rubber are numerous and will be discussed in a companion article.
8:00 A.M.-
9:00 A.M.11:46 A.M.7:00 P.M.7:30 P.M.8:00 P.M.-
-'Vocational Ag. Teachers As.sociation ...: South Ballroom, Union -House Directors’ Training School..WRH -Vocational Ag.Teachers Luncheon Room 35.5, Union -Christian Fellowship Meeting ...Room 307, Union -Scabbard and Blade meeting'............Room 303, Union -Indiana Corn Growers Room 306, Union
Thursday, June 25
8:00 A.M. 9:00 A.M.-
-Indiana Corn Growers.... Room 305, Union
-House Directors’ Training School..WRH
3:00 P.M.—Screen Review 8:00 P.M—Musical Program
Hall of Mu.sic
.North Ballroom, Union
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
There will be a serious shortage of inspectors at Indiana tomato canning plants during August and September, Prof. F. C. Gaylord, assistant dean of horticulture at the University, announced today. According to Gaylord, seventy-five more men will be needed to act as. inspectors during the latter months of the canning season. Inspectors will be trained at a special training school, to be held the first week in August at Trafal-g-ar. Candidates for the training course must be able-bodied and possess' a high school education.
Personnel Notes
McDonnell Aircraft Corporation, St. Louis, Mo.—BS, MS, or PhD in ME or CE. Sign in Personnel Office by Monday, June 29. A representative may visit the campus if a sufficient number sign up. Continental Electric Co., Geneva, 111.^—Augubt qr December EE. Sign in Personnel Office by Monday, June 29. A reprtjsentative may visit the campus if a sufficient number signs up. Automatic Electric Comapny, Chicago, 111. —^ Coming Monday, June 29. 'Wants to,interview August Elccti'ical Engineers. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, June 27. Delco Remy Division of GMC, Anderson, Ind.—Coming Saturday, July 11. Interested in ME, EE, ChE and Sci. Sign in Personnel Office by Friday, July 10.
June 19,1942 Dear Editor: , Are we .right in assuming that Purdue University is in an all but effort for the war cause? We have the Student War Council, Defense Convos, Stamp Drives, Defense Courses, etc^ The University has even gone on an accelerated wartime schedule to turn out necessary men for industry. Why not be consistent? At the present time there is a nation-wide drive for scrap rubber being conducted by the government. The entire nation has been asked to cooperate. Are we being led to believe that Purdue University is an exception ? If not why should PEM 12 be allowed to use 38 rubber tires on the obstacle coui’se when a non-essential substitute could very easily be used? We consider national cooperation and unity more important than what might be called conditioning by a few fanatics. Two inquisitive students, A.W.B. '42 K.S.K., ’42
Prof. Grove Returns From Chicago Meeting
Dr. R.H.Carr
... of the Department of. Soil Chemifitry, will give an illustrated talk on his travels in' Australia at the University Church Sunday night at, .six.
Prof. F. W. Greve of the school of civil engineering has just returned from Chicago where he attended a meeting of the upper Mississippi drainage basin committee, a subdivision of the National Resources Planning Board. Earlier this month Greve attended a four-day hydraulic conference at the University of Iowa. This conference, which i.s held every three years, is the outstanding national gathering of engineers, and educator.s in the field of hydraulics.
“It’s easy for, me to avoid danger and keep' out of the machinery, with the experience I’ve had as a private secretary,' ceeping out of the reach of the boss!”
Town Gii-ts To Begin Swim CLusses Monday Swimming cia;-:.SCR for li.i,gh school town girls will bcsi'in next Monday and continue until July 26. All those interested should I'egister now in the Women’s Gym. Mary Scoville, of the physical education department, will teach tlie cla.sses. A fee of Ifl.nO will charged for the term.
LAST DAY JOEL Memm VEI0KICA UM
Eugene L. Newfon ^ ... is also in training at Ellington Field where he will ; (auj win lii.s pilot’s wing'.s and second'lieutenant’s t.oiiiuii;:.'ion ill the Air Force Reserve. While attendin,''v Lie Univer.sity, be wa.s a member of the var.sity '■ojf teiini. Befoie becoming an Aviation Cadet, he \;,'a;i .employed as a ;.;alesman.
W. Tullis ' . . . i: a member of a class of Student Officers and (jade-ts to be graduated soon from the Air Foj ce Advanced Flying School at Stockton Field, California. -
Jack White . . . wlio started Iris athletic career at the Univer-, sity as a .sophomore quarterback, on the- undefeated 1929 Big Ten championship eleven, is now a major in the United States armored forces. Maj. White, who was elected to: Pi Tau Sigma, national honorary mechanical engineering fraternity during his undergraduate days at the Univer.sity, was recently graduated from a training course at Foi t Knox with a general average of 99.16, .the highest ever made in the scliool.
Harold M. Swank
. , . was a member of Phi Delta Theta fraternity
and manager of the football team while attending the University. He i.s now a rnerqber of a class of stu- (!< til officers and,aviation cadqt.s to be graduated soon fj'om (he Ai) Foice Advanced Flying School at Stock-
ton Field, California. ^
F. T. McGinnis . . . will soon complete his training at Ellington Field, Texa.s, where he is. undergoing instruction preparatory to being commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Army Air Forces Reserve. McGinni.s ,after attending the Univer.sity, spent his la.st five monthn of civilian life a.s an aircraft procurement inspector at Wright Field,
'V'.' -t ■■
ii^ '5/ .
'! €
lypf,/ ‘ ' ‘*‘'<’ - ''i'''*i‘' > ’’ ” ,■ '^I'i'i!' ‘"'* •>’' V ‘ 'y ' jr‘_I ^ C !y * *'.'* ^ “ft-’ ’ ’ . ’’*'**'*’ » ' ' ‘ » t' ^^edn^sday, June 24^ 1942 ^ Boilermaker Sports ^
w *' '3 i Ik
I Reeck Guides Matmen To Top In Five Seasons By Ed Karpick ' ' '' Coach Claude Reeck is the man who put Boilermaker wrestling on the map. What is more he did'it in just five years after a start from, scratch. If his teams continue to improve as much in the next five years as they have in the past five, then the Oklahoma A. & M. team will no longer dominate the field of collegiate wrestling. Since he has been here for only five years perhaps it would be appropriate tp write a little about the man and his life before he came to this campus.' Claude Reeck was born in ters on the wrestling team in his Grafton, Iowa, a hamlet in the junior and senior years, northern part of the state. After he received his degree in He started high school in Graf- Physical Education and Sociology, ton, but did not compete in ath- Claude took up the coaching reins letics there principally because the Williamsburg, Iowa, high school school was too small to have any where he coached football, Jpasketorganized athletic teams. He- fin- hall, and track for two years. His ished hjs high school education at uext stop was at Clinton, Iowa, Osage High, and there he really where he coached football, wrestmade up for lost time as far as hng, and track for nine years, athletic competition is concerned. Came Here in ’37 All Around Man University in the fall of 1937 to work Eeeck was a member of the high „„ masters degree and serve as' school baseball, football, basketball, part time coach. He has been a full and track teams. He was more than just a njember of the teams, because assisted the freshman foothe was an all-state tackle in foot- goach in addition to his job as ball, and an all-state guard in bas- wrestling coach, ketball. When he came here Claude Eeeck After he completed high school, found that there had been no wrestClaude Eedck stayed out for one ling team on the campus for the ten year and worked on a section gang, years previous. He organized wrestEven on the job he had something ling as a minor sport in which caon the ball, foi he was gang boss for pacity it carried on for three years, the last six months that he worked. Two years ago wrestling was made Cornell College Star a major sport, and has continued to That one year of work convipced flourish under Eeeck’s direction, him that he .should continue his edu- Coach of Champions cation. He entered Cornell College Boilermaker wrestling teams have at Mount Vernon, Iowa, and began won the Midwest A. A. U. chama brilliant career as a college ath- pionships for the last two years, and lete. last year they won the Big Ten He played tackle for three years crown for the first time in the Union a Cornell College team that lost versity's history. The two A. A. U. one game during his sophomore trophies, and the Big Ten trophy year and was undefeated for the now grace the display cases in the last two years. For three consecu- Fieldhouse. Last year’s A. A. U. tive years he was picked on the All trophy, donated by the Chicago Midwest Conference team at tackle, Times, is one of the most beautiful and for the last two years he was trophies offered to an athletic team, picked as tackle on the All-Iowa Not only did Claude Eeeck guide team. . his team to a Big Ten championship,College Matman but he also turned out four indiIn addition to this he played on vidual champions, a second and a the varsity^'baseball team for three third place winner. A search of the years, and was elected captain of Big Ten records failed to show anthe team a.s a senior. He made one other team that has ever done as major and one’mihoFletter’in track, well. also one letter in basketball. The Eeeck considers Casey Frederleason that he made only one letter icks, the best athlete who has comin basketball is that he was bitten pleted his career that he has ever by the wrestling bug and made let- coached.
s
ports Communique By Bob Hadley
s
The competition seems to be getting really stiff these days. It’s the agd’-old rivalry between the Army and the Navy cropping out in a hew form—the Navy trying to enlist the best baseball players before the Army can draft them. The performance of the Grhat Lakes contingent, whose rOster presents a good cross-section of the before-the-war major leagues of baseball, indicates that the Na,vy recruiting eye has been well versed in scouting. They regained their composure after the smashing of their 21-game winning streak, and came back to turn back the hapless White Sox, based in Chicago, the other day, 7-3, The fellow that really did the dirty work was Johnny Rigney, former sox pitching ace, who'yielded 8 hits while knocking one of Appleton’s offerings into the nickel seats with 2 shipmates on the bags. Their season total is now 27 wins out of 28 games. So far the Blue Jackets have been pitted chiefly against minor league and second division clubs such as the Sox who are a scant 1714 games out of the American League lead. Things will be a little tougher when they bump up against the combined Chicago Cub and Cincinnati Red nine at the scheduled Army-Navy Relief Fund game in Cincinnati Tues-' day. The team which is to oppose the sailors is being picked by Cincinnati fans and is certain to be a fairly rugged aggregation. Another Navy team which did rather well in stocking Up on hurlers is the Norfolk, Va., Naval Training Station, who have on their roster a young man by the name of Robert Feller, owner of a fast ball which has passed unseen any number of major league batters. Bob scuttled an Army team from Camp Lee, Va., by yielding 2 tuns on 9 hits, while his mates were garnering 5 runs. Twelve of the opposing bastmen returned to the bench via the strikeout route. Apparently the Army has some good possibilities in its ranks, however. Milt Falk, Chicago hurler who has had tryouts with several major league ball clubs, bewildered his ^sea-going opponents in a New York Army-Navy fray for 9 innings and sent them home without a hit. In the process, some 19 sailors fanned, exceeding Feller’s major league record of 18 strikeouts in one contest. Two years ago Falk pitched a nohit, no-run game which lasted 18 innings. . Camp Grant has a nine which has been doing rather well in the name of the Army on collegiate, minor, and major league diamonds. Its team is composed almost entirely of young players who were top ' performers in such circuits as the American Association, the MidAtlantic League, and similar baseball strata. t L*J
Sigma Della Psi phi Delts Maintain Lead Offers Opporfunify |„ Fraternity League For All Campus Eds ’ ^
INTRAMURALS
12
STRIKE
HAVE FUN The American Way by BOWLING
It’s three STRIKES against you if you have not been bowling lately. In your SPARE time, why not come in and bowl a few lines. Our Cool alleys are always at your convenience.
BOWL
at
JAc. fiwidujL Wjim&imL lAnmk^ Just take a walk through the building!
The following Ward Tennis Singles will be played Thuibday evening at 6:30 o’clock:
Court
1 Robert SchoefT vs. James Billingsly 2 Gien Neison vs. Robert Bryant 3 Monte Myers vs. Gil Fiantzreb
4 Bill Rice vs. Jack Comer
5 Edwin Dierdorf vs. M. F. Anderson 6 Harry Siebalk vs. Glen Searcy 11 John Wolumg vs. Mike Foley George McKissock vs. J. F. Alberts Please be sure and post the results of
each of the above matches on the schedule on the Intiamural Bulletin Board, in the hall just outside the office. Watch the
Exponent for your next schedule. Ward Horseshoe Singles will be played
Wednesday evening at 7 o’clock. Each man will play two opponents, as was played Monday night. The six teami with the highest percentage of wins in the four match schedule will play off the champion-
ship Monday, June 29.
The winners of the Mass Horseshoe tournament played by the Fraternities last semester, please call at the Intramuial Office for your medals. There are still seveial Houses that have not called for their medals. Field 7:00: 1 Pi Kuppa Phi vs. Sigma Chi. Referee:
Anderbon.
2 Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Beta Theta Pi Referee: Musselman. 3 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Kappa Sigma. Referee: Kleinberg. 4 Theta Tau vs. Triangle. Refeiee:
Logan.
The following Ward Softball games will be played Wednesday evening, June 24, at G *30: Diamond 1 Ward 1 vs Ward 5. 2 Ward 2 vs. Ward 21.
3 Ward 4 vs. Ward 27. 4 Ward 22 vs. Ward 26. 5 Ward 25 va. Ward 29. The following Fraternity Softball games will be played Thursday evening: Diamond 1 Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Kappa. 2 Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 3 Delta Chi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi. 4 Phi Delta Theta vs. Alphai^^Tau Omega. 5 Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Gamma Delta. . 6 Phi Kappa Sigifia vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 7 Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 8 Theta Chi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 9 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Pi Kappa Al-
pha.
Sigma Chi vs. Acacia. Theta Tau vs. Sigma Nu. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Pi. Delta Tau Delta vs. Delta Upsilon. Theta Xi vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Phi Sigma Kappa vs Triangle.
For the first time this semester, tryouts for the Sigma Delta Psi, honorary athletic fraternity, were , begun in the Stadium yesterday evening under the direction of the local chapter. A1 Arnold, president of the„local chapter. Bud Clevitt, sec- ' retary and treasurer, and Fred Speyer, chief examiner, are in charge of the instruction and the
tests.•
Special Sections in P.E. For all of those men on the campus who are interested in becoming a member of the honorary, a special section in Tuesday’s and Thursday's 4 p. m. P.E. 12 has been made available. The two sections, M and N, which run from 4 till 6 in the afternoon are availably for the interested men, if they will see Mr. France'in Room 201 in the Fieldhouse about changing their s'chedule. There will also be one other hour to schedule as is the case in present P.E. sec-
tions.
If the man who passes the tests makes the local chapter, and if he belongs to a fraternity on the campus, his* house will get credit for five participation points. To make the local, a man must pass seven of fourteen tests. To make national, he must pass all fourteen tests. Fred Speyer Leads Candidates The purpose of these special classes in the P.E. 12 sections is to train men to pass the honorary’s tests. Special instruction will be given by Fred Speyer, a member of the national, and he will be aided by Arnold and Clevftt, local officers.
By Ad Scheid
Phi Delta Theta chalked up it.s sixth straight victory last night in the fraternity softball competition to remain at the top of the standings. The Phi Delts laid out 13 hits to put Phi Gamma Delta on the leah end of a Khto 1 score. The games last night left the standings fairly well in order. Bob Hajzyk again led the —i— TKE-s to victory, hurUng them ^ to a 3 to 1 win over Theta Xl. one from the Delta Chi’s 2 to 0, This leaves TKE immediately bringing the atO's up into a two behind the Phi Delts in a way tie for third with the Phi three-way tie for second with Kappa’s, who took one more last Sigma Alpha Mu and the Sigma Pi’s. ^ The Theta Chi’s went scoreless closest contest of the evein the opening innings as the Sigma was the clash between Acacia Pi’s scored three, but finally set Kappa Sigma. Acacia manback the Sigma Pi’s 6-3 for their ^Sred to eke out a 5 to 4 victory in second loss of the season. Sigma. stages of the game. Alpha Mu came out on the long end Standings of the first nine teams of a slug-fest with Sigma Alpha to date are as follows: Epsilon, 12 to 10. Phi Delta Theta.... 6 0 1.000 The only shake up in the stand- ^Tau Kappa Epsilon . 7 1 .875 ings resulted from the defeat of Sigma Alpha Mu. . 6 1 .857 Delta Upsilon at the hands of the Phi Kappa . . . 7 2 .777 Phi Kappa Psi combination. The Sigma Pi 6 2 .750 Phi Psi’s romped off with a 9 to 6 Alpha Tau Omega . 6 2 .750 victory after laying out 13 hifs to Sigma Phi Epsilon.. . 6 2 .760 drop Delta Upsilon into the .750 Delta Upsilon 6 2 .750 class. Phi Kappa Tau 6 3 .66«
Corporal Joe Louis Goes To Kansas; Holds Greatest Ring Record As Champ
By Don Brewer
Yesterday the 20th Century Limited passed through Indianapolis enroute to St. Louis. In it was Corporal Joe Louis of Initiation for the men who pass j
the tests will be held the third week Probably the greatest heavyweight of last few decades, of August. Keys will be available Joe’s professional career was sacrificed for duty with Uncle -J. XI.. i.._, Sam. He will arrive this after-
noon at Fort Riley, Kan., for ^ „ „ „ . , . J x. ., • J i! 1. • Max Baer, fell before the Brown an indefinite period of basic Bomber’s onslaught in 1935. King
10
17
for men of the local chapter. The fee for this chapter is fifty cents a
semester.
The tests are composed of eligibility, posture and' fourteen athletic feats. A man must be eligible for varsity competition, and must have a B posture rating. The tests are as
Levinsky, along with Max Baer, and Sharkey, former ring champs, were
K. O.’ed.
Max Schmeling has been the only fighter to turn the tables on Louis,
Majestic Furnaces and Will-Burt Stokers F. H. Speaker & Son Phone 4976 119 E. State St.
The following Cary Hall Horseshoe Matches will be played Thursday evening at 4 o’clock: Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 2. Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 4. Cary Hall 6 v&. Caiy Hal! 7. The following Gold and Black games will be played Wednesday evening, June 24, at b*30: Field 1 Acacia vs Theta Xi. Referee: Anderson 2 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Referee* Musselman. 3 Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Alpha Kapisa Lambda Referee: Kleinberg 4 Phi Kappa vs. Alpha Chi Rho. Refeiee: Logan. piiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii^ I FRIENDLY SERVICE | p Bonded g g Gas and Oil = I T. & R. OIL CO., Inc. |
training at the cavalry replace-
ment center.
The Brown Bomber has been given all of the breaks during his train-
follows: 100 yard swim in 1 min, 45 ing in army life. The champ enlist-
sec.; front hand spring, and land ed on Jan. 14, but customary basic flooring him in the 12th in their fight on Jeet; hand stand, ten seconds; training of 13 weeks was stretched June, 1936, at Chicago Followfence vault, chin high; 20 foot rope over more than five months to per- jng Joe’s title-winning encounter
climb, 12 sec.; 100 yard dash, 11 mit his appearance at vaiious bene3/5 sec.; 120 low hurdles, 16 sec.; fits. His fistic abilities have netted running high jump, 5 feet; running Army and Navy relief thousands broad jump, 17 feet; football punt, of dollars in purse money since his
120 feet; 1 mile run, 6 min.; 16-lb. induction.
A /,
does life-saving trieks lor your figure*.
It'i tha uplifting powar of the new Jantxen bra —the slimming, trimming, amoothing influence of Jantxen foundation control — the wonderful elasticity of the new Jantxen fobrice knit with "Lostex" yorn that hold line "and lovelU ness all summer long, in the water or jn the lURt
DECUrS
518-20 Main St.
shot put, 30 feet; and ba.seball 250 feet or javelin, 130 feet. Bowling Schedules G:30: Alpha Sigma Phi vs Beta Theta Pi. Delta Tau Delta vs. Cary Hall. Phi Sigma Kappa vs Sigma Nu. Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Kappa Sigma vs Triangle. 8:45: Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Lambda Chi Aljha. Delta Upsilon v*,. Phi Gamma Delta. Theta Chi vs. Acacia. Pi Kappa Phi vs Phi Delta Theta. Alpha Chi Rho vs. Alpha Tau Omeaa. Faculty Bowling
Team Won Lost Chem . 6 3 G. Eng. 6 3 Science 6 3 G. Stores 5 4 Civil Eng. 6 4 Holt 4 5 Joint High. 4 5 Dairy S 6 Ag Chem 1 8 High Scorts • Chem. 2770, Dairy 2648.
It was just five years ago last Monday night that 60,000 Chicago ling fans watched Joe annex the woild’s heavyweight championship by an eighth-round knockout over title defender Jimmy Braddock. Comiskey paik saw a new champ step in front of the lights to begin a successful defense of his coveted title for the “duration”. Jack Kracken was the first to be battered to a pulp by the hammering Negro, when he staited his ca-
with Braddock, he smeared the German contender in the first round of
the return engagement.
In his five years of reigning as fistic king, Joe has successfully defended his heavjnveight title 21 times—three times as many as Dempsey did when holding the
ciown fron^ 1919 till 1926,
Only two men have gone the limit with Louis since his win over Braddock. Tommy Farr, the British heavy, who was conceded the best chance of any Louis opponent, was decisioned in 15 rounds, and Arturo Godoy, rated to last about half the fight, gamely battled Joe through the entire bout, leaving the champ
fight circles, July 4, plenty to think about. A return bout
saw Godoy hit the canvas after seven innings of severe punishment. The champ’s last title defense was March 27 against Abe Simon. The fans departed at the end of the
sixth round.
Joe Louis’ all-time record of 66 contests (not including recent army
1934. Kracken stood up about two minutes against the former Alabama cotton picker. And then a long series of short fights marked Joe’s climb to heavyweight su-
piemacy.
Big giant Prime Camera, who had copped the title from Jack Sharkey
ICTORY
BILLFOLD
BEAUTIFULLY EMBOSSED WITH THE EMBLEM OF HIS BRANCH OF THE SERVICE
in June, 1933, to lose it a year later exhibition bouts) includes 48 K. O.’s, , ,, seven wins, and one loss. Joe's op-
ponents have averaged five rounds, two minutes, and three seconds against him. That’s a lot different from the day (July 8, 1889) when John L. Sullivan won the title in a 75-round bare knuckle contest from
Jack Kilrain.
No one is sure what the army has planned for Joe. Undoubtedly a few more charity bouts will be in order before his departure to the battle fronts—if he departs. And if he doesn’t, he still will'haVe contributed a great deal to the welfare of the armed services. Mentors Talk In Milwaukee MILWAUKEE, Wis., June 23— Guy “Red” Mackey, Boilermaker athletic director, and Mel Taube, assistant football coach, will speak before the Purdue Alumni Association here tonight in a discussion of sports developments and gridiron prospects for this fall. Mackey and Taube, who left Lafayette yesterday afternoon, will also show a colored moving picture film of campus life and movies of this yeat’s spiing football drills.
50
OTHER MODELS
*3.50 and *5.00
Developed after a searching survey to determine just what a fighting man wants in a billfold, the “Victory Billfold” is designed to fill his every need. There are three distinct models to choose from — $2,50, $3.50, $5.00—in fine luxurious leathers. ^lEach one a real fighting man’s billfold.
SEND A TOUCH OF HOME — PERSONALIZE YOUR GIFT WITH YOUR PICTURE Rolfs “Picture - Pak” Bo* contains) an attractive frame for a snapshot of mother, father, sister or sweetheart. Use this Rolfs feature to add a touch of home to your Victory Billfold gift.
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
Everything for a College Education DEAL’S
\^ ^ J 4
iW>7^FWW7^‘ , ^ "i
Purdue Exponent
Wednesday^ June 24, 1942v\
Rural leadership Schppl 1 ' ^ if w ' k« ■ ’■"^i ? 1 ^ ^ Jr lUH M To Convene July 6 To 10
Staff
\
Workers Plan To Discuss
g
Economic, Religious Questions Rural America’s future problems in view of the war time demands will be considered at the fourteenth annual rural leadership school which will be held at the University July 6 to 10. The purpose of this school is to give tirtiely training to rural leaders; more particularly rural ministers. There will be no registration fees.
Hall To Speak
Prof. 0. F. Hall, of the division of education and applied psychology, will be in charge of the meetings. ElUott LeSVeS
Topics such as rural eco-
nomics, reappraising and re- To Direct War Effort
directing community effort,
today’s challenge to the Qf NatlOO*sColleoeS churches, recreation and in-^ ^ struction in recreational lead- Di. E. C. Elhbtt, piesulent of the ershin social surveving and University, left yesteiday foi ersnip, social surveying arm Washington, D. C, to seive on the planning will be discussed by lelig- man-powei boaid under Gov-
einoi Paul V. McNutt, as diiector of the war efforts of the colleges and univeisities of the nation Di. Elliott Has been gianted a leave of absence to handle this as-
Kappa Sigs Conquer
lous and civic workeis in the fields, and by Univeisity staff membeis.
Daily Panel Discussion
A daily panel discussion with fac-
ulty membeis, ministeis, and civic . , , „ , ’ , , 4. „ ,11 signment. Dm ing this time, admin and faim leaders taking pait, will " j, tt , „ , „ ,, 1 1 r. n/r istiative affaiis of the Univeisity be a feature of the schdol On Mon- j xu , ^ X n X. iniT X will be under the diieetion of a day the topic viIV be “Wartime . . , inila=->. Tnilanv “Racial and Per- Committee Consisting of Piof. Flank
Needs”; Tuesday, “Social and Rec leational Needs”; Wednesday, “Needs of Ruial Woman”; and Thuisdav, “Post-Wai Conditions
and Opportunities”.
Daily piogiains aie planned for visiting ministeis, and special convocations aie planned each evening.
Civil Service
(Continued from page 1) The Commission amended the stenogiaphei-tvpist examination to allow pel sons not yet 18 who will leach then eighteenth biithday by
Octobei 1 to apply now
Expel lence lequiiements foi Flight Supeivisoi, ‘(>3,500 a veai, and Ground School Supeirisoi, $3,200 and $3,500 a year, weie modified in oidei to secuie needed peiEonnel ioi the Civilian Pilot Tiain-
ing piogiam
Amendments to Blueprint Opeiatoi, $1,440 and $1,200 a yeai, Plioto“ftat Opeiatoi, $1,440 and $1,200 a vcxii, MultiliLh Camel aman and Platemakei, $1,020 a yeai, and Multilith Press Opciatoi, $1,44 Oa ycai, pi ovule foi acceptance ot applications until tuithei notice In the
Commission
Navy Instructors Needed Iiistiuctois toi the Navy Aviation Sei^ce Schools, $2,000 to $3,800 a yeai, aie desiied Optional blanches aie aiiciatt mechanics, engine mechanics, and aiiciatt sheet metal woik, including welding Applications will be accepted until the needs ot the service have been met, and should be sent to the Boaid ot U. S Civil ,Seivice Examineis at Chaiinte Field, Rantoul, Illinois Applications foi all othei posisent to the Commission’s Washing-
ton office
C Hockema, assistant to the piesident, chaiiman; Dean A A Potter of the Schools of Engineeiing, Dean Haiiy J. Reed of the School of Agiicultuie, and CoinpUollei R. B.
Stewait.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
In Feature Game, 15-4 Hulling a foui-hit game in a featuie contest on Russell Field Monday afteinoon. Bob Anderson pitched the Kappa Sig softball squad to a 15-4 victory over Phi Kappa Sig. The Kappa Sig slaughter w'as a seven inning contest, played by the two houses for “high stakes” Eilois, mainly by the Phi Kappa Sigs, maired the tilt, and John Amos, Exponent editoi-in-chief, ended the game with a stiike-out for the
loseis.
Green Bay Grid Ace Joins Bierman At Naval School IOWA CITY, la, June 23—Big Geoige Paskvan, lormei thundering fullback on Wisconsin’s 1940 gild squad, has lepoited for duty on Col Bernie Bieiman’s physical education staff at the Iowa naval pie-flight school Paskvan, who played on the Gieen Bay Packeis piofessional football team last yeai, was the fifth member ot the National League to lepoit to the foiniei Minnesota football mentoi foi duly
(Continued from page 1) membeis who have previously retired were lead and following the dinner the entire group enjoyed a social hour in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Pi of. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineeiing, was in chaige of the
event.
Dr. Young Succeeds Dukes Retirement of the group was announced some weeks ago. Dean Dukes will be succeeded as dean of the Giaduate School by Di. E. C. Young, of the fSTiin management staff and assistant dean of the school for seveial yeais; and Pi of. A. P. Pool man will be acting head of the School of Applied Mechanics foi the coming year. Prof. H. L Solberg has been head of the School of Mechanical Engineeiing foi the year Young has been away.
Housemothers Hear Elliott, Bodden, Cecil Opening the second week of the House Diiectois’ Training School Monday morning, W. A. (Bodden, University Chief Accountant, gave a talk on the operation of a streamlined house budget ^ Pies. L. C Elliott, who left for Washington, D. C., yesteiday noon to assume his new duties in chai ge of the defense tiaining piogiam in the nation’s coHegs and universities, also spoke Monday. At anothei lecture, Mis. Maigaiet H Cecil, ot Evanston, 111, offered suggestions on gihoming and personal appear-
ance.
The visiting housemothcis weie entertained by housemotheis on the campus at a budge party Sunday evening.
Ag Conference Wesley Foundation
(Continued fiom page 1)
division of education and applied pschology, was the next speakei on the program with his talk on “Our Schools and the Wai ” Di. Knight attacked the idea that “what we don’t know won’t hint us” and he warned the teacheis not to get caileless as the teaching piofession grows and gets stiongei. The closing speakei on yesterday afternoon’s piogiam was Di. C. T Malan, State Supciintendent of Public Instiuction, who spoke on
“Vocational Guidance ”
. . . will feature an “Empty Handed” paity next Satin day night at 7:30 p. m All students and fnends are welcome to come, freshmen being given the place of honoi. Roficshments
are fiec.
Notices
Exponent lioaul mcclmu Fi id i at I p m
Reservists: All male students, who have not yet completed the two years basic millitiiy Trainijitf required tor graduation and are poW members of the Naval or Marine Gulps Reserve, icpoit to the Adiutant’s offiLp Purdue Armoiy, for impoitant information nlaiive to your status —RIORDAN Si^rma Delta Chi Pledges: Meeting'WednoHdav June. M .at 4 15 p m in Exponent oil It ( Run}.'’ your bright idtaa with' you —ARMSTRONG Acioinodelcrs: Important meeting Wtdnesdiiy June 21, at 7 p m in room 80 of the Union A progr«im has been airanged Please be iirompt Rung anyone you know who IS intertsted SMITH AS( E Meeting will be htltl Wtdnosdav, June 21 it 7 40 p m 111 loom 201 of the Civil rnginetriTig building Sophomore oivils arc esptcivlb uigcd to ittend this meeting -.LOVE Scabbard and Blade Foimal pledging will h< h( !d Wtdiiesday Tune 24 a< 4 40 p m in thi Aimoi\ Wtar summei unifoini Pel Igts will icpoit bv I 2) Attive^ will rtpoit at 4 15 foi i shoit business meeting before pledging This is a “stab' meeting —SPENCFR Camera Club* Meeting Thinsdnv, June 25, in room 404 All members pka^'C bung dues An\one interested in joining u welcome to attend. ^ —PURMAN Alfiba Phi Omega Pletlgos and actives meet by northwest door of Union Saturdav June 27 by 0 40 p m , foi hikr to Cary C imp Form il initiation to be held at 11 00 p m at earap Camp ends 8 40 a m Sund ly —WILBUR Distinguished Students* Ihose' students who m idi distinguished la-^t sem»stei may call fdr Hull relunds at the Cishiei's office ill the Adiniriistr ition building —IIOLLENBEN Student War Council Meeting at 7 40 in Union office Membeis and stiff who aie •-enior attend Junior membeis do not
atti nd
—DEUSIER Scabhard ind Blade Dance Committee: I lujse on the Ai eb of S ibrcs and d incc e ommitlies procuu G iinson e ips foi d ince I iidav niflit without lail Prieliee in Noith I4nllroom it 1 p m ^hursda\ Tune 25 ( nin Coe i null‘V \emngl)!ood Itbti I lylor Rifinoui Ken te Kiehcy Iiavlor ( iitnull Iniidlich he theit with sibus Diess 1 he irsil Iridu ni^hl it s p m Atleiieianee is compulsoiv —1UPKF
Knppn Psi: Special meeting called ,for Pl'iday, .Tune 26 room Stl of the Pfthtlhhcyi
buUdmg Pleaae be
Pi Tau Sielna: Very important meeting Friday, June 20, at J p m in Reading Boom. Election oC summer pledges Complete at-Jf undance is expected _koeRNER
Skull and Crescent: Party Wednesday, June 21 Meet at Phi Kappa Phi house at S p m j
-STALLINGS
AWS Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday, June 24, at 4 pe m in the AWS office.
—CROLL y
Gold Peppers: Meeting Wednesday, June 24 at 4 JO p m in the AWS office
—SIMONS
Wesley Poiindation: An "Empty-handed’* pnity will be featured at the Wesley Foundation House next Saturday, June 27, at 7 ill p m Refiefahmcnts free. Everyone
weicoine
—BANDELIER
Phi Lambda Upsilon Pledges: Meeting Piiday Junt 26 4 30 p m in room 320, Chemistiy building All pledges must attend.
—ADAMS
Religious Council: The regular meeting of the Council will be held Wednesday evening, Juno 24 at 7 30 m the new Council
olfce, room -KH in the Union
—KILGORE '
Classified Ads
Tjpcwrifcrs Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented repaired, and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebcishoff, 605 Main, Lafayette Phone 2779 ^ Wanted to rent: 0 room house, all on one floor 01 with lavatory on first floor Occupancy on or befoie August 15 Location near UniiMsitv pref(ried Communicate immediately with Ivan Niven, 816 West Columbia, Cliampaign, lllinoi’^ i Money to loan on diamonds, watches .guns, liiggxgt typiwiiteis Albfit’s Loan Office, 107 Columbia
Your
Still As
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ]. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayette
For more than seventy years IjOeJi’s }ia\e exteinlefl eredit to many, many llioii'^ximis, iiave Indped to I’lirnibh liomes, to elotlie the l.imily. to take care of tlieir ixidividiial needs. TODAY . . . with the exeeption of thanges liy Federal Credit Regulations . . . ‘'your croflit at Loeli’s is still as good as ever. “CHARGE FF ’ at Loeh s has heen a famdiar phrase for 70 years and today holds jifot as good as it did 70 years ago. The convenience of a “Loeh Charge Account” not only establishes prestige, hut also simplifies shopping through the use of our Charga-Plale which simplifies and speeds up shopping transactions. If you never enjoyed the privilege of a Charge Account, we invite you now to call at our olhee and secure your Churga-Plate from onr Credit Dept,, or call 5011.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
Acroie From UoIod "Red** Semmoni *29 *‘Doc*' Epple *40
1
OUT THE AXIS!
' America must be first—on the fields of battle, on the sea, and in the air. For those of us who arc still at home, whether we are serving on defense projects or not, our job is to share in our
government.
The Patriotic
to do!
LETS STAMP OUT THE AXIS!
★ ★
Be patriotic by having Crown clean your clothes often—they will last longer.
★ ★
★ ★
Top. of the Hill
1