X fO<
« F£* V ■^'T
Z-1»S
FouimUmI In 1889
Dally Sincn 1906
Volume 52, No. 151
West ladfoyette, Indicma
Wednesday, April 9, 1941
f- /
University, Arizona Debate Engagement Concluded In Draw Congressional Method Of Debate Is Successful Congressional style of debating proved a great success as far as the audience was concerned at the-debate last night between a University team and one from the University of Arizona. The subject of the debate was “Resolved: That the Nations of the Western Hemisphere Should Enter into a Permanent Union.” Arizona represented by Gordon Hostetter and, Edward Schoch took the affirmative side while the University represented by Edward Johnson and George Picha upheld the negative. Each speaker was allowed twelve minutes for constructive speeches during which he could be interxupted no more than three times by the opposition. Following this _ each speaker was given six minutes Jor rebuttal with a maximum of two interruptions allowed. The affirmative presented the idea of a voluntary Union somewhat similar in organization to the United States to be formed by the 21 or 22 nations of North and South America. This was to iron out many of the trade difficulties, unify the nations against foreign influences and saye the United States considerable money. They stated that since the creation of the ex-port-import bank in 1940 by the United States to bail nations out of financial difficulties the United States has spent three hundred million dollars. A large part of this could be saved in the future if the nations helped themselves, or at least if the United States had a little to say about the conditions before they become so serious. The reason that the problem is so pertinent at this time is because over half of the exports of South America before the war were to Germany and the countries which she now controls. These, of course, are non-existent now. The affirmative attempted to show that whether Germany or Britain wins the war, trade will never return to the pre-war condition. If Germany wins she will be able to dictate the economic policy of the nations; if she loses she will be bankrupt. The negative held that this condition was only temporary and that retention of the present “status quo” was the best policy. The chairman of the debate was Robert Weiss. j.f.a.
...^From All Fronts—— Today's Summary Of War News
To ChiesKO D*Jly News Foreign Serrice. CVipTright, 1940. Chicago DaiJy News, Inc • Nazis Star! Surprise Attack A surprise attack has been launched by the Germans in the mountains of southern Yugoslavia, Berlin announces. The attackers include Alpine troops and flamethrowing forces. In far eastern Greece, the Nazis are said to have been able at several points to reach the Aegean Sea. >(< :(c ^|< • Greek Flank Exposed The left flank of the Greeks has been exposed by the withdrawal of Yugoslav troops in Serbia, it was revealed in Athens. Greek forces were said to be “fighting with great self-sacrifice, defending the fatherland inch by inch.” * * * • British Bomb In Balkans British planes have bombed and machine-gunned troops, convoys and railway stations in the Balkan sector, an official Athens communique announces. Vital lines of communication were declared damaged. « * If • 'Must Not Expect Progress' “Inspired articles in the German press,” radios David M. Nichol from Berlin, “indicated that the German people must not expect progress at the same unbelievable rate that followed the invasions of Poland and the Low Countries.” ♦ * • Salonika Faces Threat Calmly “Salonika, queen and seaport of the Balkans,” radios George Weller, who is there, “arose to meet its first air raid alarm and faced the German threat from the Bulgarian border as calmly and resolutely as it faced the Italian threat from Albania five months ago.” * * * o Nazis Bomb North Ireland North Ireland was bombed last night for the first time in months. The Germans also attacked London, other parts of England and Scotland. The British rained bombs for five hours on Kiel, great German naval base. * * * o Shipping Losses Jump A jump in British shipping losses was revealed yesterday, which put the total for the week ended March 30 at 77,576 tons. The losses for the week ended March 16 were revised to read 146,098 tons instead of 94,402. *. * * o Axis Occupies Derna The Libyan port of Derna, 175 miles east of Bengasi, has been occupied by German and Italian troops, Rome reports. This deepwater port has been by the British since Janumcy 80.
SPEE,ASMEToHold Summer Meeting. On ME Instruction Engineering Educators On Campus For Five Days Society for Promotion of Engineering Education and the American Society of Mechanical Engineers will sponsor a conference at the University this summer, June 29 to July 3, on mechanical engineering instruction. The conference which will include representatives from schools All over the country will bring together some of the leading engineering educators, Professor H. L. Solberg, head of the ME school, stated in announcing the meeting. Professor^. S. Ault is chairman of the University committee in charge. Among the principal speakers will be Dr. A. G. Christie, of Johns Hopkins University and past president of the ASME, President D. B. Prentice, Rose Polytechnic Institute, chairman, and L. E. Grinter, Illinois Institute *of Technology. Other speakers will be Justus Rising, Professor of Engineering Drawing, Purdue, Professor E. N. Kemler, Purdue, Professor E. F. Larkin, Lehigh University, and Professor F. C. Stewart, Pennsylvania State College.^ The meetings, which will be held in Cary Hall, are for the purpose of discussing advancements and trends in the instruction of Mechanical Engineering and its associated subjects. The conference is open to everyone interested in engineering education. Registrations will be accepted by card or in person at headquarters on the campus, w.g.h. Methodists To Sponsor Easter Sunrise Service Wesley Foundation will celebrate Easter with a sunrise service starting at 5^20 a. m. on the hilltop behind the stadium. Eleanor Vansickle will be chairman of the service. Several students will be recognized in 'a service for those desiring to join the church, and baptism will be administered. At the close of the service, the group will sing Easter carols at the Cary Children’s Home, the Pythian Home and the State Soldiers’ Home. Robert Brown will accompany the group on the coronet. Easter breakfast is to be served at the Foundation House at 7:30. m.1.1. Delta Chi . . . social fraternity announces the pledging of the following: Arthur Morris, Niles, Mich.; Ted Dietz, Union Town, Pa.; Wendell Paunicka, Whiting; Don Bowman, Delphi; Richard Quick, Delphi.
Campus Musical Organizations Survive Fifty Years Of Discord From Dadswell To Stewart
By S. G. Peterson “Bom Monday, September 9, 1891 at Purdue U., the Chapel Choir; said choir departed this life Tuesday, April 6, 1892 aged 6 months and 26 days.”—Thus reads the ’92 Debris. “In thinking over the life of the choir, there come to mind a few remarks of Mr. Nye (an instrucW). In commenting on the voice of the crow, Nye, says, ‘The crow is not a sweet" singer, but he has an excellent voice for cultivation.’ As may be said for the late lamented choir.” Thus, when Purdue had 688 students, when the original Dormitory Devils an^ Tank Painters were rampant, when the ratio was about 398 to 1, did the first Musiqal Organization on the campus originate. In the course of the last half century has grown from this ig* noble beginning one of the largest and most extensive extra-curricular activities on the campus. The musi-
cal organizations now include the University choir of 180 mixed voices, the Men’s Glee Club of 44 members, the Concert Choir of 32 select mixed voices chosen from the University Choir and the 66 piece University Orchestra. In 1898 the first Men’s Glee Club was organized and was composed of 11 men, directed by Professor Dadswell, and having as manager the late Larry Downs, famous alumnus. From this time until about 1916 the Glee Club was closely associated with what was then known as the Mandolin Club. In 1904 a woman, MisS Elizabeth Millspaugh was director and in 1910 E. J. Wotaw ’12, who is known as the composer of our school song “Hail Purdue,” dedicated to the Glee Club, was director. In those days the club traveled by train and coach around the state. Greensburg, Marion, Muncie, Indianapolis, Williamsport were among the towns listed on the itinerary.
Most of the growth of music on the campus has come in the last decade. The University Choir was founded in 1931, under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, present director who has been largely instrumental in the present progress. A Girl’s Glee Club was in existence from 1933 to 1938 but was discontinued. At the present time the musickl organizations offer an opportunity for several hundred of the musicminded engineers, Ags, Home Ecs and others who roam the campus to sing or play an instrument and at the same time to hnd a place where the ratio is 1 to 1 (and the parties and picnics are interesting!) The Easter Convo this Fridaynight, “The Crucifixion” by the University Choir and Orchestra, and The 1941 Varsity Show, George Ade’s “College Widow” to be produced in conjunction with the Playshop, May 1 and 3, will climax this year’s activities.
Anderson Sings Here Tomorr^ In Music Hall Marian Anderson, hailed by an increasing number of admirers as one of the world’s greatest singers, will present the second concert convocation of the semester Thursday evening at 8 o’clock in the Hall of Music. Her stop in Lafayette will mark the midpoint of her sixth consecutive tour of the United States. Individual tickets, priced at $1, may be purchased at the dooP the night of the concert. There will be
There will be a reception for Miss Anderson in the reception rooms of the Union following the concert at 9:30. The public is invited to attend.
no advance sale or reserved tickets. * Passports and season tickets, of course, will admit their bearers? Program Unknown Since Miss Anderson seldom discloses the evening’s selections until the last minute, the program is not fully known. Her usual procedure, however, is to enrich a program of traditionally vibrant Negro spirituals with new songs and numbers from Bach, Handel and Schubert. She is a great promoter of new music, saying, “I must always learn new songs. Since there is so much great music in the world, why should concerts repeat so little of it?” Americans Not Singers It is a topic close to her. “Americans haven’t composed or sung enough until recently. The modem fault is that songs are used too fast. If they are fairly good they are sung everywhere for a short time, then forgotten.” “The reason, I think, is that there isn’t enough put into them by the author or by the singer. They’re skimpy, weak. I sing the kind of songs I like—good solid things— songs with meat in them.” r.r.r. Former Student Dies As Navy Bomber Falls In Ocean Killing Crew Dragging the waters about two miles off the Eastern coast of Virginia for wreckage of the PBY-1 bomber reported missing Monday night, the destroyer U. S. S. Langsdale reported last night that it had located parts of the patrol plane, and that there were no survivors of the crash. The big Navy bomber carried to their deaths ten men including Ensign Gerald W. Marson, Naval Reserve, of Cambridge City, former University student. Ensign Marson registered at the University in 1937, and after completing the required two years of academic work, left in 1939 to join the Naval airforces. He was a member of Alpha Kappa Lambda fraternity. Last heard from a few minutes after taking off from Norfolk at 7:36 a. m. (Lafayette time), the crew reported no indications of trouble. The bomber, on a scheduled transfer flight to Quonsett Point, R. 1., apparently completed its trip in four or five fathoms of water off Machipongo Inlet, about 20 miles north of Cape Charles, Va. General search by all ships at sea and by Coast Guard and Naval craft under an order issued Monday night when the patrol plane failed to appear at its destination was discontinued as the Langsdale reported positive identification of two qmpty life rafts and fragments of thp ship. The Langsdale will continue to search in nearby waters in an effort to recover the fuselage of the missing craft. The ship was piloted by Ensign G. N. Blackburn, reserve officer of Lenni Mills, Pa. r.l.h. V
Fraternity Affairs Office litterviews
Junior interviews for positions in the fraternity affairs (ffiice to be held today in room 236 of the Union are as follows: Carl Shedrick, 4 p. mi; Henry Evans, 4:15; Thomas V. Cherrington, 4:25; WalterBrown, 4:35; Robert A. Paetz, 4:45; George A. Hussey, 4:55; William Hosier, 5:05; John Ely, 5:15; Robert P. Burrows, 5:25; J. Mark Albertson, 5:35; Mauire Vitale, 5:45. Dr. Thurman B. Rice Speaks To Students On Marital Problems Afternoon Lecture Dr. Thurman B. Rice, professor of bacteriology and public health at Indiana University, delivered his annual marital lecture to senior men yesterday afternoon in the Education building. Dr. Rice, presenting his ninth annual series of addresses to senior men and women on the campus, was introduced to his audience of about 160 men by Bert Bohlin, president of Cary Club and Reamer Club. Speaking of the problems encountered by college men Dr. Rice stressed the fact that many of the marital difficulties met may be traced to the fact that college men due to sociological or economic conditions lack opportunities for marriage that they would have had in other ages, or if they had not elected to further their education. “Marriage is just a convention— but it’s the best convention this country has,” said Dr. Rice, warning the men that marriage must not be regarded lightly. He pointed out that one of the most important contributors to a successful venture into matrimony is the selection of a mate by the individual on the basis of his own moral standards. Closing the lecture. Dr. Rice impressed on the seniors the importance of mutual respect between the partners in unsuccessful marriage. Following the address. Dr. Rice conducted a discussion and question session, r.l.h. Evening Lecture In his marriage lecture for junior and senior women in the Education building last night. Dr. Thurman (Continued on page 4)
SAA Minor Sports Poll Tomorrow Vote To Make Swimming, Cross Country, TennM, Wrestling Major Sports Tomorrow the entire student body will vote on Ratification of the proposed revisions to the Student Athletic Association making swimming, cross country, wrestling, and .tennis major sports. The election will be held in the old west desk niche of the Union from 8 o’clock in the morning until 4 in the afternoon. Whether to change the ranking of each sport will be voted on individually and passports will be required. The change would elevate these from minor to major status and provide for awarding major letters to the top men in ^ach sport. It ^ould, however, increase the requirements for obtaining these letters. For example, in cross country, now, any man who finishes within the first fifteen places or is on a winning relay team is eligible for a small “P”. Under the amended setup to be eligible for a major letter a man must win three conference meets, place within the upper fourth places coimting as fourth of the places counting as team scores or win a major championship. The changes are similar in the other sports. A new section would be added to the constitution if the revision is passed making it mandatory for “wrestling, swimming, and tennis schedules to include five conference and three non-conference meets. Major colleges and universities may be classed as conference schools. This proposed change would give SAA an athletic program similar to other Big Ten schools none of which have a major-minor arrangement for sports. j.f.a. Correction Seniors are requested to note that Gala Week, commencement and baccalaureate invitations must be paid for when the order is placed, not upon delivery as stated in yesterday’s paper.
Thinclads Renew Little Brown Jug Feud With Spartan Sc5oo/ By Ted Clark “ ‘Little Brown Jug,’ don’t I love thee?” Yes, that is a reference to a be-whiskered ditty sung by our grandparents when /they were young. However, it will also be something of "a slogan for the Riveter track team when they encounter Michigan State on the latter’s cinder path Saturday. You see, in the spring of 1938 the coaches of both schools decided there should be a trophy emblematic of the annual meeting. Ha! Ha! Ha! You An’ J^e »
A Little Brown Jug was suggested and accepted as the yearly symbol of supremacy. There was a further ruling that the winning squad should have possession of the jug until the tables should be turned. The unique diadem was modeled after^ the one offered the winner in the Minnesota-Michigan football battles. The first time the rustic clay emblem was put up for compeition the placed thereuon the inscrition: ' Spartans “walked off with* it and placed thereupon the inscription: “Michigan State, 87; Purdue, 44— 1988.” The 1939 campaign saw Hermon Phillips and his tracksters lose again, but they sliced the winning margin down to 76 1-6 to 54 5-6. Boilermakers On Top Last Year Last year the Riveters brought back a 69-53 conquest and added thox jug to the imposing collection in the Fieldhouse trophy cases.
On Saturday the Phillips-coached crew hopes to repeat their performance of a season ago. If they do it will mean an evening-up of the series between the two institutions. Also, it will bring about the increasing of a friendly rivalry with the northern school which the footbaR team renews each autumn. The swimming team hopes to inaugurate a home and away Dkhu home series with Michigan, all of these things contributing to the further cementing of r^ationships with the two institutions- of the Wolverine State. Take A Lookl Some time when jjjrqu are in the vicinity of the Fieldhouse drop in and have a look at the Littfe Brown Jug, It is in ttie troihy <mse to the right as you go in the fipont door. You’ll find it quite unlike tlM g«n^ eral run of athletic trophies.- u
PagjL 2~£ditL
Wednesday, April 9, 1941 /
fijuJidujL £3cpomnL
Jiimbf. JjojUl Major Or Minor? Because of the inactivity of SAA as regards the general student body in the last few years a great many students are not aware of the fact that they are all members of this organization. Nevertheless, it is the general student body who will vote on tjie amendments to the SAA constitution tomorrow. The changes are essentially as follows: Four sports, namely swimming, wrestling, tennis, and cross country, which are at present classed as minor sports, will be made major sports with major letter awards if the amendments are passed in tomorrow’s election. The requirements for a major letter have been increased in each of these sports but at the same time minor letters will still be awarded to those participants who fall short of the minimum requirements for a major letter. A new section will be added to the constitution providing for a minimum schedule in swimming, wrestling, and tennis. This will consist of a schedule of five conference and three non-conference schools. Either through neglect or indifference the officers of SAA have failed to explain to the general student body the need for or the motive behind these changes. Any move that has been contemplated as long as this one should have been accompanied by some sort of an educational program. As it is the student body is called upon by an ineffective SAA constitution to vote on something about which they know very little. As we see it, the amendments to the constitution will attract athletes to the University who are interested and proficient in these hitherto minor sports. This will help bolster the Boilermaker fame in these fields of endeavor. On the other hand, this plan will add to the load now being carried by fraternities in providing jobs for more athletes. Whether it will increase student participation in these sports is questionable but it will help bolster Purdue in the national scene.
Mari^ Davis Honored At Surprise Kitchen Shower Marie Davis, station secretary of WBAA, was feted last night at a surprise kitchen shower in the Music Hall studios. Fifty-five announcers and staff members joined in thd games, dancing, and refresh-
ments.
Marie was married two weeks ago to Maurice Buehler, former engineer of WBAA, and she plans to \ join him in Marion, Ohio, w.g.h.
Phi Kappa Sigma . . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officei’s: John Strange, president; Charles Standard, vice president; Albert Culbertson, social chairman; Rogers Schutt, pledgemaster; Henry Grauten, recording secretary; Charles Davidson, treasurer; Jack S^ndleben, chapter editor; James King, corresponding secretary; Richard Reynolds, steward; William McKee and John White,
sergeants-at-arms.
LAST DAY — 2 HITS raB> PAULEIIC ASTAIRE *
ALSO
THE ALDRICH F A Mj 1Y
Thurs.-Fri.-Sat.—2 Hits WILLIAM BOYD in ''BORDER VIGILANTS" — ALSO — WILLIAM LUNDIGAN RICARDO CORTEZ IN "A Shot in the Dark"
i^AHERNE FRANCIS
Pardne’s Interesting 0 People By Donna Siess If you should chance to be stroll-" ing through the woods of Muskegon, Michigan, on a simmery summery day, you might hear rolling from the forest glades th^ melodious voice of Wallace Woodrow. Or if you shouldn’t chance, you may hear Wally as he adds his voice to the baritone section of the University Concert Choir and Glee Club. Those living with him on the campus are privileged to hear him sing in his bath. Tables were turned for Wally when the famed John Charles Thomas became audience and listened to Wally sing. And Mr. Thomas liked it, with the result that Wally was urged to write Mr. Thdmas, who would take him under his wing. To this gentle fellow with the sincere gray-green eyes have come many nice opportunities. Hollywood Chances The composer for Walt Disney music offered him a chance in Hollywood, and then there was an opportunity to try his fortune with a radio network in New York. However, came the war and with it backtracking for Wally. STnging isn’t a verj valid reason for draft exemption. So, with sublimation of sincere desires, Wally has accepted a position with a St. Louis chemical firm where Uncle Sam needs young men. His singing experiences started when he began singing with a local chorus in Muskegon. Wally used to play the violin but the unfortunate collision of an automobile with his instrument, stopped all further fiddling. Outdoor Sports Enthusiast When his time isn’t occupied with choir and private concerts, Wallace likes to fish, hike, bowl, and participate in outdoor sports. Prize boner was pulled by him when he lost the money for the grub on a seven-day canoe trip, which he and a friend took from Houghton Lake, Michigan to Muskegon. From then on it was corn fiakes and condensed milk. Here’s hoping it’s eventually caviar to a great singing star. —yours for more interest— Pi Kappa Alpha . . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers; John H. Loomis, president; Elroy P. Neate, vice-president, and Kenneth E. Sharps, treasurer. R. David Williams, Glencoe, 111., has also been pledged.
Starts TOMORROW
mu fm YOUR FLESH CREEPi ViatiHiw-ting' big uBMtion tbot’li leave yov limp ...frem titfillsl
Mb Ellen DRE' fttui LUKAS Joseph CALUIA — LAST TIMES TODAY
— TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE
GEORGE BRENT BRENDA MARSHALL IN SOUTH OF SUEZ
PLUS
HER FIRST ROMANCE with EDITH FELLOWS in a New Singing Role!
Starts TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS THETRUESTORY OF A GREAT LOVEI
ANNA NEAGLE,
ANTON WAIBROOK • 0. AUBREY SMITH wjjtar Rlllt... RKO RADIO rietm IN TICNNICOIOR
PLUS
FRANKIE DARBO IN UP IN THE AIR
Ywtffoo, WIH CImst AwnriBo*! Bi9SMt SeHiiig *1.50 Pips...
The ^th Colunm Strikes and things are still going on. All of which seriously interferes with our all important business of being. The arsenal of democracy. But until the CIO g^ tired of plajring hard to get. We would like to suggest that the position could be ably filled by . . . Mussolini and his armies. 1)1 >)( >)i « We’ve decided that it’s about time for Adolf to apply for help under the lease-lend bill. The bill is to aid any country that’s being invaded. And for a year now Adolf’s been fighting off . . . The Polish, Danes, French, Greeks, and everybody else. * * * According to Berlin. ♦ * ♦ Of course he isn’t fighting off Yugoslavia. He is just taking them into protective custody. Like we’re protecting his ships. ♦ * * We can’t see why he is so anxious to protect the Yugoslavs though. After all. . . They aren’t Aryan. * * * And speaking about his protection. It seems to us that . . . Benito could have done with some. * * !)> We see that spring is here. Even if President Elliott hasn’t made it official yet. And spring makes us think about the lounges. And what goes on in them. Of course kissing is dangerous, they say . . .
The Purdue Exponent
Entered m second class matter at the poet oSlee in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published dail^ except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer S^ion. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription, $8.60. EdMor-in-Chief. R. W- Donahue Business Manager— Merle Hagemeyer Puhlicafion Staff News Editor — — Managing Editor.....— D. jK. Heiple Associate Editors; N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Parc^, L. W. Buffner, R. M. ^hallerup, J- L. Traugott. Bu*iit«M Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers ; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Edifor. — Beth Simpson Associate Editors; Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate ^itors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented lor national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New Tork, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Miller Day Editor: Ckatfield Assistant Night Editor: Clark Sports Editor; Clark Staff: R. L. Hadley, J. F. Amos, E. N. Nordlinger, E. M. Swartz, M. Stettenbentz, W. Hoskins, M. L. Losey, M. Prantner, P. A. Howard, P. G. Miller, R. L. Miller, D. E. Brewer, J. S. DawsOn, D. W. Meier.
But who wants to be a coward. a 4 It Spring of course makes some people thinjc about fish. Especially Doc Miller. But we notice l^at he doesn’t have a fish story. That can beat Jonah’s. — ola
Gordnor To Give Ledure On Emplopent At 7:30 L. S. Gordnor, of the Travelers Insurance and Indemnity Company, will address the seniors in the school of agriculture at the annual employment lecture to be held this evening at 7:30 o’clock in room 118 of Agricultural Hall. > In the lecture, sponsored by Alpha Zeta, agricultural honorary, Gordnor will discuss the opportunities for employment in the insurance and commercial fields. Following the lecture, he will devote some time to answering and discussing questions of the audience. All those interested are urged to attend and take part in the discussion. d.e.b. POMM Announces Choice Of Twenty-Four Pledges Purdue Order of Military Merit announces the pledging of 24 new men. J. R. Storms and J. C. Wayne are the only seniors. The following are juniors: R. B. Arvidson, R. M. Click, J. L. Cullen, J. F. Day, G. C. Dodson, J. S. Evans, J. N. Goll, C. L. Good, A. W. Grepath, H. W. Hale, W. F. Long, R. L. Long, J. H. Loomis, D. W. MacMillan, E. P. Neate, C. R. Oakes, N. W. Raber, C. E. Schwartz, W. L. Sullivan, J. H. Thomas, J. B. Threlfall, R. V. Youkey. To be pledged to POMM a man must be recommended by the Prof, of Military Science and Tactics as being especially proficient in drill and have received the highest number of citations for military achievement. e.m.s.
WLt DLure We
By Mary Kay
eann^
9
ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY
-AND-
RBY fflWrin
Roland Young • Mat Manluil Majr Rabsan t Blllla feaika Arthor Tttacbai also
'GREEN ARCHER" Serial
-THURS.-FRI.-SAT.-GIRL IN 313 LAW AND ORDER WINNERS OF THE WEST FIRST RUN NEWS
You may be in the red in more ways than one this spring. If you are don’t blame it all on your bills. Spring accessories are being shown in reds from the deep mahogany to the brightest Chinese lacquer red. You will find them wearable with navy blues, blacks, gray, soft tints of blue and green and always white. —^wTw— Just keep this in mind “Elephants are gray and canaries are yellow’’ in other words the more brilliant the shade the less you will want to use. Try red and white polka dot blouses with hats to match. Pick up a vivid red handbag, the bigger the better. —^wTw— . , A word to the wise: Add spice to your costumes through accessories. Make them feminine frills or tailored dash, which ever suits your personality. This is a season when accessories are as important as the costume itself. The English say tuck a gay silk scarf into the neck of that tweed jacket or coat. Their colors are soft and beautifully blended. There are long narrow scarves as well as
Student SAE Members To Attend Conference In Indianapolis Friday Senior mechanical engineers, who are members of the student branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers, will attend a joint meeting this Friday evening with the Indiana section of SAE at the Antlers Hotel in Indianapolis, according to an announcement received yesterday from Prof. D. S. Clark of the mechanical school. Dinner for the annual affair will be served at 6:45 followed by the open meeting at 8 p. m. Three speakers and the subjects they will talk on are La Rae Teel, “Advance Civilian Pilot Training”; W. R. Woodward, “Purdue’s New Aeronautical Laboratory”; and M. L. Smitley, “Road Testing Three Grades of Fuel.” Edward F. Lowe, assistant general manager of SAE, will deliver a brief message from headquarters and the national society. An open discussion session will follow the scheduled lectures. Professor Joseph Liston, of the school of mechanical engineering, is vice-chairman of the Indiana section of SAE and chairman of the student committee. C. W. Phelps, of the school, is* in charge of arrangements for this meeting, f.i.j.
large square ones in a variety of color's. —^wTw— Here it comes, the thiffg that is discussed by many a man on campus. The co-eds’ nail polish. Clear light shades like Windsor and Shy are being shown this spring, but it seems that the majority of the coeds will stick to the new darker shades such as Roadside Stand, Cherry Coke, Hot Dog, Rosy Future, Ginger Tea, Fire Weed, Tulip time, May Apple, Red Amber, Lobster, Indian Red, and Zombie.” All of these darker shades are proving to be popular with the co-eds on this campus. —wTw— Several of the cosmetic companies are making their nail polish to match their new spring make-up. Try such a combination to pep up that new covert suit of yours. Good dressing. Tennis Stars Await Season's First Tilt With the aid of some very favorable spritlg weather, a small group of candidates for the Boilermaker tennis squad practiced outside for the first time yesterday in preparation for the strenuous schedule ahead of them. Coach Larry LaBree, who has been watching the boys very closely, was well satisfied with the playing of several of the sophomores as well as that of the three returning lettermen. Big Schedule The Riveters will open their Big Ten schedule with Illinois here on April 26; however, LaBree has ar^ ranged for preliminary matches before that with both DePauw and Illinois State. With the large number of contests scheduled, the Boilermaker netmen should get plenty of practice and therefore should be able to surprise some of the teams who previously regarded the Boilermakers as pushovers. Getting In Shape According to Coach LaBree, five men have about cinched regular berths on the six man team. Two seniors. Captain Bob Anderson and Fred Richards, will undoubtedly hold down the number one and two positions. Both boys are seniors and reside ifi Indianapolis. Ray Lucht, a junior letter man from Hammond, will be ^t the number three spot, while two outstanding sqphomores, Dick Stettner and Gus Armstrong will complete the five man traveling* squad. Two more men who may see considerable action before the season is over are Bill Van Camp and Ed Vaughn, sophomore and junior respectively, j.s.d.pJUJkfilJUL £xfWfV^
Wednesday# April 9# 1941
(Pmul S^^SlsufdA^
s
Demonstration By Armour At Goif Clinic Today
Golf Pros Of Eight States Attend Annual Gathering
Irishmai’s Basebaihrs Prime For Opener With kamblers Here Tomorrow
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Still thinking of the election tomorrow in which minor letter awards will be up for a vote that will oust them from existence or keep them, we find that the Purdue swimming team competing at Michigan State College last week with 47 other colleges found themselves in quite the embarrassing situation due to their letters. —I-I— ^ You see, the Purdue team was the only team among the 47 who had manor letters on their sweaters as their swimming reward, f _I.I_ Wfe dropped in at football practice last night, and saw a few bone crushing tackles by Sam Carey and ?. freshman center Ray Stoelting. Bill Bu^hgton and Hal Schumacher along with the veteran John Petty certainly look tough at fullback. ^ This Schumacher kid can really bump into a person as witnessed by grunts and groans when he flys into the middle of a line. fx John palvin is continuing to improve, or rather play up to his ability, and soph halfbacks Burto and Brock aren’t any slouches on either offense or defense. Bob Chester, of Vinc(ennes, a freshman fullback with the speed of a thoroughbred, has been shifted to halfback due to the over-crowded fullback situation and also to utilize his speed. —I-I— -Now there is another swell fullback on the freshman squad, Bachmann by name. Bachmann is fast, big as John Petty and the rest of the fullback beef - trust, and plenty smart. And there you have the puzzle that Mai Elward faces—utilization of these good backs. But that isn't all. Mai has three seasoned quarterbacks — Smerke, Snyder, and Kersey. All three have seen game service and performed , to perfection, Smerke at Minnesota and against Indiana; Snyder at Ohio State, and also Kersey at Ohio State. _I.I_ The freshman squad has also a couple of dependable halfbacks in John Andertich, Chicago, and Cycenas, also of Chicago. The line’s replacements and personnel isn’t so famous (on paper) nor has it the experience of the backs; and then there if the draft that may get at least three of Purdue’s" definite first team men, and I do mean first eleven. IM Schedules BASEBALL (Regular Games) Wednesday, April 9 DiamoBd 1. Lambda Chi Alpha vs Delta Tau ’ Delta 2. Phi Kappa Sigma vs Pi Kappa Alpha 8. Alpha Tau Omega vs Pi Kappa Phi
Jupiter Pluvis smiled on Dutch Fehring and the Boilermaker baseball squad yesterday afternoon as they held their second practice of the infant season on the varsity diamond in Ross^ -A-de Recreational Field in anticipation |)f the initial home contest of the season with a veteran Notre Dame contingent tomorrow afternoon. Inclement weather has been a bugaboo in the plans of the Riveter nine since the early beginning of practice several weeks ago, with the spring vacation southern trip providing about the only outdoor action previous to this week. We Took Two In ’40 -' — —
Although the Boilermakers won a pair of victories from the Irish squad last season, they were both close battles, and the South Bend 1941 edition will be about the same combination that the Riveter diamondmen faced last season. However, only three of the last year’s major lettermen returned to the Gold and Black camp this year, and it will be a relatively inexperienced nine that will take the field against
the invading Irish.
Notre Dame’s diamond squad will boast such well-known collegiate luminaries as Ray Pinelli, one of the nation's outstanding shortstops, George Sobek, a leading member of the past season’s football roster, and Nowicki and Chlebeck, a tough
hitting combination.
Hit ’Em Hard
Coach Fehring sent the Riveters through their second straight evening of intensive batting practice in order to strengthen what proved to be the outstanding weakness of the spring games, ineffective batting. Following an hour and a half rotational batting drill, the players who will see action tomorrow afternoon batted against pitchers Blanken and Leifheit under game conditions in order to better prepare for the deliveries of the famous IrislTpitch-
ing staff.
Fehring is as yet undecided as to the opening pitcher for the Notre IQjame battle, but it definitely will be either Blanken or Leifheit. Captain Fisher will form the remaining half of the battery combination, with McCaffery at first, McFerren at second, Rawles at ^he hot corner and. Cook or Myers at shortstop composing the opening infield. Neophytes Crowd Lineup With lead-off man in the batting order, sophomore Bill Carson in left field, Mike Byelene in center, and Janisch in right field, the opening nine for the home season opener is completed. Four of this combination, Carson, Leifheit, McCaffery and Janish are the four sophomores making their debut before a Boilermaker crowd, while Byelene, Rawles, Cook and Myer will be starting their first home encounter,
p.c.j.
Swimmers Turn Out Best Team In School's History Setting six new varsity records and ending up with a slate that read seven wins and three losses gives swimming coach Dick Papenguth and the 1940-’41 squad the reputation of being the best tank squad in
Boilermaker history.
For the first time since swimming wag inaugurated at the school, the Riveter swimmers defeated Illinois and Chicago, besides placing a relay team composed of Herr, Siler, Carney and Kratzer fifth in the National A. A. U. meet against the greatest and strongest competition in the country. John Dilley, freshman back-stroke artist, also brought laurels to the Gold and Black when he copped fifth place honors in the A. A. U. backstroke finals.
Records Tumble
Not only did the Boilermaker aquatic stars present a good-look-ing record, ^but also annexed practically all of the Indiana A. A. U. swimming records, most of which were formerly held by the Indianapolis Athletic Club. Coach Papenguth was lAC swimming coach before coming to Purdue in 1939. Probably the most outstanding varsity, swimmers this year were: Carney, sophomore; Williamson, sophomore; Kratzer, junior; Herr, junior; Siler, senior; and Anderson,
junior.
Frosh Look Good The frosh squad was not to be outdone by the varsity, setting three new records and including as its stars such outstanding paddlers
1/
Off to a sparking start yesterday morping, the second annual Purdue Golf Clinic ran through its first successful day. Opening its doors to golf pros from all over the middle west at 11 :S0, the first couple of hours were occupied by registration and introductory remarks. Registrations yesterday afternoon showed that golfers frctm the following states were already present: Illinois, Nebraska, Ohio, Kentucky, Michigan, Wisconsin, West
Virginia, and Indiana.
. Afternoon hours yesterday were
spent in various discussions. Review of the 1940 clinic as the leadoff topic was followed by an address on Muscular Mechanics by Homer Allen of the University staff. From 3:00 o’clock until the time of the banquet, panel discussions on various problems vital to golf pros, teachers, and course attendants
were under discussion.
Evening Elections
The evening was occupied by a banquet addressed by the various speakers representing groups interested in the game. Noted professional Tommy Walsh represented the Professional Golfer’s Association while L. B. Icely spoke in behalf of the Golf Manufacturers’ Association. President Elliott expressed the views of the Riveter Institution with regard to the old
Scotch game.
Charles H. Robertson said a piece for the laymen, and Tommy Armour summed up and added to the earlier addresses. The first day of the clinic passed successfully, but as yet had not offered much in the
Riveters, Michigan State Track Teams Will Meet Saturday For the fourth consecutive year Purdue’s track team meets Michigan State this Saturday afternoon at East Lansing. The Spartans captured the first two meets but the
Riveters won last year.
Arrington, Michigan State, who took the high jump and broad jump last year with 6 ft. 4 in. and 34 ft. will be a big help to the Spartans again this Saturday. Captain Ed Holderman, Dave Rankin, Burt Anthony, Jake Weber and Lloyd MacEachern will star for Purdue, p.g.m.
Probable Entries:
100 yd.—Bancker, Gaulke 220 yd.—^Bancker, Gaulke 440 yd.—^Anthony, Arnold, Doty Half mile—Jarvis, Standley,
Wente.
* Mile—^Holderman, Jarvis 3 Mile—^McLaughlin, Reeves,
Jentsch
Pole Vault—Gyimes, Carter High Jump—^Anderson, Melzer, MacEachern Brojad Jump—Dodge, Gaulke Shot Put—Weber, Neff, Rankin Hurdles—Rankin, Connat
way of spectacular demonstrations which are to follow today and to-
morrow.
Not A Second To Lose Utilizing every moment of the three valuable days, the pros will start early today and continue their activities until long after dusk. As was the case with yesterday's program, the opening hours are to be utilized in talks by leaders in various golfing fields. Until 3:00 p. m, similar sessions will be attended by the visitors. At 3:00 p, m. Tommy Armour is to demonstrate teaching techniques on the Union lawn. At 3:30 Armour is scheduled to continue his demonstrations in an event entitled “Instructors Take a Lesson.’’ The first of these two demonstrations by Armour will be open to anyone wishing to attend. Highlight of the whole clinid from the student point of view will be reached tonight at 7:30 when Byron Nelson will be on hand at the Fieldhouse to aid in the instruction of anyone present who has a club with him. B3n‘on just completed his competition in the Masters Tournament as runer-up will be ably assisted by Tommy Armour, Dick Metz, Johnny Revolts and a host of other pros. Everyone wishing to have the top flight golfers of the country comment on his game should be on hand in the Fieldhouse with a wood at 7:30 tonight. Other events of particular studeni interest are on the schedule for tomorrow. At 3 o’clock Dick Metz, Johnny Revolta and other professionals will ^ve outdoor demonstrations on Intramural Field. The new Univiersity Golf Course may also be dedicated. d.m.
as Dilley, Hansel, LaBaw, Erickson, Snyder, Bower, Youngst, Staney and McCarthy. Coach Papenguth believes that this year’s group of yearlings is the best that the campus has ever seen, d.e.b.
Schrafft's Easter Candies SPECIAL EASTER BRICK ICE CREAM RABBIT CENTER 39c Headquarters—Model Airplanes Free Parking in Rear Free Delivery uimiisiiy DHt N. NeKt to Post Office N. J. Arth ’37 D. N. HanseU ’37 305 State Street Phone 4094
Kappa Sigma vs Tau Kappa Epsilon Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Phi Kappa Beta Theta Pi vs Alpha Chi Rho Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Phi Kappa TaU Acacia vs Delta Chi Theta Xi vs Alpha Gamma Rho Phi Sigma Kappa vs Theta Chi
After a stiff bout ...pause and
r'Y
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
o Professionai
e School Suppites
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK dr. HAROLD J. RISK Ath & Main Sts. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
a Locksmith
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R, W. "Doc" Epple '40
Keys and Locks Keys for trunks, door locks, desk iocks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S ■ 209-11 M.5tK9t. Fhaiwm*
a Dairy Products
• Hardware
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
lastes good...costs litBe and swell to tliew— that's DOIlBlEHim BUM gum is always swell to • • events, real-mint studying. If and helps flavor “I*®®''®! J tt, And enjoying sv,eeten your breto^ A GUM today.
YOU TASTE ITS QUALITY
When yeu lift an ice-cold bottle of Coca-Cola to your lips^ you can taste its quality and feel its refreshment. Thirst asks nothing more. So when you pause throughout the day# make it the pause that refreshes with ice-cqld Coca-Cola.
Botdcd under eiulioritr of The Coca-Cola Comifour hr COCA COLA BOTTLING COMPANY gZY ^ ^ ^ t ^
,yi l^, 1 ■ ftF^i
>v,
'Wit ‘ -'-V'-a
^ > TUdicoA,
Wednesday, April 9, 1941
Sil*¥ ‘ >
" ; ,__ i ' ‘ S' ,, .V
(Pu/iduuL Sxfiommt
\ ’
German Officials Tell People Not To Expect Quick Balkan Victory / By David M. Nichol SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Scr\ice. Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily Nows, Inc. Berlin, April 8.—Authorized circles in Berlin reported today that fighting was proceeding in both countries (Yugoslavia and Greece) as the Germans sought to consolidate by arms what they had almost achieved diplomatically—the unity of the Balkans under German domination and the expulsion of the English from their last continental footholds. A special point was made in these quarters of the fact that “several hundred airplanes” had carried out widespread attacks on the British Isles last night. It was indicated that this constituted the German
answer to a repott that the southeastern campaign might mean a lessening of the blows at England. Berlin Severs Communications Meanwhile, for the second night, Berlin’s communications with the rest of the world were cut off, on Army orders. The ban, which lasted from Sunday morning, shortly before the German advance began, was lifted yesterday morning, reimposed again last night, and lifted early today. It was indicatbd that this may be oply a temporary measure. Inspired articles in the German press continued their expositions of the territorial and military difficulties that the invading German armies must encounter, and indicated that the German people must not expect progress at the same unbelievable rate that followed the invasions of Poland and the Low Countries.
w
^j:X|CAN
In WHITE
or NATURAL
They'll never grov/ out of style! Everybody knows they’re so easy...so soft...so wonderful... so swell to slip into and get going. Sizes 3 to 9.
332 Main Street
Phone 5322
SpsojoiL pfL apJtiLi
/
200 SINGLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES & OR ^ 100 DOUBLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES
Definitely April 1941—a brand new RYTEX Writing Creation with a smart plaid-like weave right in the paper. The smooth, no "stop," no "snag" writing surface keeps your pen gliding right along In a soft cloud-like shade of Grey ... a rich creamy Ivory . or, a spanking sparkling White. Printed with Name and Address in Blue, Brown or Mulberry ink, HAYWOOD'S
Sth and Ferry Streets
Lafayette, Ind.
Calm Rules Salonika Safely Engineers Plan Marital Lecture
Under Repeated Raids State-Wide Campaign
By German Luftwaffe
(Continued from page 1)
Skidmore college has an Overseas Fund for Tobacco, which sends cigarets and pipe tobacco to soldiers.
By George Weller SPECIAL RADIO To ChicagU Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941, Chicago* Daily News, Inc. Salonika, April 7.—(Delayed.)— Salonika, queen and seaport of the Balkans, arose to meet its first air raid alarm'and faced the German threat from the Bulgarian^border as calmly and resolutely as it faced the Italian threat from Albania five months ago. Greece’s answer is the same today as it was then—cold, calm determination—and, furthermore, she is now aided by Great Britain. ^ Six Nazi Plane Raids / Six times German planes, coming apparently from Bulgaria, roared over the city and sent the population scurrying to shelters in the first phase of the war. Six times women gathered their children and, heedless of their Sunday finery, went into the bomb shelters. But only pamphlets fell and these landed in an outlying village, called Panorama, as well as others near Drama, Cavalla and Komotini. Serres and Siderocastro, which lie nearer the line of the German thrust, were bombed.
Under the auspices of the General Engineering Department and the Indianapolis safety engineers first steps in a state-wide industrial safety campaign were taken Monday night at Indianapolis, when the initial session of the series was held. Prof. C. W. Beese of the General engineering staff spoke at the
meeting.
The course will continue for eight weeks, covering such topics as safety education, safeguarding of machinery, accident investigation, first aid, safety inspection, occupational health hazards, etc. The course is based on material supplied by the U. S. Department of Labor. According to Prof. Beese plans are underway for a safety drive throughout the state. The safety program will be made available to small industries that want the service but yet are not large enough to employ a man to handle this important phase of factory management. e.w.n.
After entering 10 amateur contests and winning them all, Bill Stolberg, Hofstra college freshman, is advising Hofstra’s professional musicians to turn amateur and make more money.
AN INVITATION This is your invitation to visit our new display of HALLMARK Easter Cards. We believe you will find them the loveliest you have ever seen. Beautiful colors, distinctive appearance, and appropriate messages make them the kind of cards you’ll be proud to send. t Visit our greeting card department tomorrow and make your selection.
DECKER'S
Classified Ads
Typewriters and addins machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable t^ewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. MimeoKraph and multigrraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone. 2779.
Folr Rent: Ri8fk-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all nisht. Phone 2407.
Lost: Black wallet containing driver’s license, and two passports. Call 8421, Bill Bell Reward.
VARIETY is the spice of life! JhsL lAniofL Qa^sdsjdcL Supplies Variety in every kind of Food.
Downstairs in the JhjL , Comer of Campus Yet the Center of Activities
B. Rice divided his subject into two general sub-topics, pre-maiital and post-marital relations. He removed all doubt anyone in the audience might have had about the danger of the former. Concerning the latter. Dr. Rice empfiksized the fact that “Successful marriage is one of the most important things in life. It is a structure, like a bridge, which cannot stand with abuse or with structural defects.” He also stated that “Nearly all marital difficulties are psychological—^the result of ignorance or selfishness. If one knows where the trouble lies, one can easily avoid it.” Dr. Rice’s discussion was not very technical, but in answering the questions which were handed in during a five minute intermission following the talk, many doubtful points were cleared up. When asked what would be the best kind of honeymoon, he replied tSiat since the main purpose of a honeymoon was to ge away from home, a hotel in a big city—the bigger the better —would be ideal because it is the most isolated place in the world. One of the requisites of a successful marriage that was emphasized was the importance of respect for the marriage contract, both before and after the wedding. Two other equally important requisites which should be fulfilled before a couple contemplates marriage are true love and ability or at least prospects, of ability to support themselves and a family. Dr. Rice should be especially well qualified to give such a lecture because of the fact that he has five children of his own and has gained considerable knowledge and experience jihrough his profession and his lectures to approximately 76,000 Indiana high school and college students every year for a number of
years.
Notices
Thomas Say EntomoloKr Clab: Annual EntomoloKists’ dinner wUL be held 'VITednesday, April 9, at the Purdue 'Memorial Union in the Eiast Faculty Lounse. Faal« T. Ulman of the State Entomology Oified will be prineipal speaker. —RICHHAN.
Religions Eonneil: Regiular meeting date is second 'Wednesday (April 9)—no meet-’^ ing April B. —BELCHER ME 31 C’s and I's Make-np: Final for C and I grades in any division of MB 31 will be given Saturday, April 12, at 1 p. m. id. . room 101, Mechanical Engineering Building.* —KEMLBR.
WAA: Baseball practices will be held Monday, April 7; Wednesday, April 9; and Friday, April 11. Two practices required J. for points. Meet in the gym regardless of the weather. —COOPER
Senior Military Students: Sign up on the bulletin board in the Armory for appointment to have pictures taken. 4-19 —JOHNSON
NYA Workers; Checks for the period ending March 16 now available at the Cashier’s office in the Executive building. »-B —HOLLBNSBE
Newman Club Contact Committee: The following members will meet at 4 p. m. . Thursday, April 10, in room 802 of ihe Union: Rivan, Lanuti, Ford, Lowey, Luers, Hannon, Enz, Clark, Moser, Taylor, Walz, Singer, Benna. Please bring money and ticket. —McCONAHAY
Religions Council: Meeting Wednesday, ^ April 9. Elections for President. Please secure consent of prospective nominees before the meeting. —BELCHER. _GE 36: Examination for removal of condition April 12. Make arrangements in ir room 202 Michael Golden Shops before Friday, April 11. —OWEN. Sophomore Activities Bureau Workers: Petitions for sophomore workers in the Activity Bureau are due on the 16th. Any questions you have, see me •)! —WALLY.
Sliver Mask: Meeting Thursday, April 10, 4:80 p. m. in _ fencing room at the Field heuse. All actives and pledges please be there. —WEGENER.
Ail Fencers: Silver Mask is sponsoring a tourney on Saturday, April 12. All men who have not fenced in any tourney on the campus are eligible. Sign up in the fencing room at the Fieldhouse Tuesday, April 8, or Wednesday, April 9. —WEGENER. PIA Dance Classes': Beginners class will meet Tuesday, April 8. Advanced class will meet Wednesday, April 9. —HUMPHREY.
Alpha Zeta Pledges: Short meeting after employment lecture at Ag Hall Wednesday, April 9. —SWAIM.
AWS Executive Board: Regular meeting < Wednesday, April 9, at 7:30 p. m. in AWS office. - —ZWIERLEIN. Junior Chemical Engineers: Get the Prom ticket that you reserved at the cashier’s office Tuesday, April 8. a —DANGELMAJER.
Independent Staff; Publication Wednesday night. Dog is posted. There will be an important announcement concerning staff elections at 7:30 p. m. Please be prompt! —GRIFFIN. 4
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting Thursday, AprH 10, at 6:46 p. m, in room 307 of the Union. Note change of time because of convo. Dismiss by 7:80. —LONG. > h’ Flying Club: Important meeting Wednesday, April 9. at 7:00 in room 263 of the Union. All members who have logged hours in the past year bring log books. —GREVE. **
Phys. Ed. for Women Golf Classes; Students taking golf for credit must attend golf demonstration and mass class lessons in Fieldhouse, Wednesday, April 9, 7:36 p. m., or class lesson Wednesday, 3 :30 p. m., in ballroom of Union. Tommy Armour is instructor. Classes will meet as usual at regular time. —HAZELTON and KNIGHT. WAA: Girls’ doubles and mixed doubles tennis tournaments to be scheduled. Meet in gym Wednesday, April 9, at 4:00. Virginia Boater will coach. Two practices required for points. —MOEFri"!'. All Sophomore Activities Bureau Workers: Meeting to discuss Thursday, April 10, 4 p. m. Everybody be there. —WALLY.
WAA: Golf call-out Wednesday, April 9, at 4 p. m. in gym. —BROWN.
Alpha Phi Omega: Pledges will meet promptly at 6:46 p. m. at East door of the Union Wednesday, April 9, for visit to the it Lafayette Police Department. Actives, if interested, can also receive instruction in fingerprinting. —SCHALLIOL.
AlChE Members: All members are re- -y quested to attend the special business meet- *"• Wednesday, April 9, in room 302 of the Chemical and Metallurgical Engii^ring Building. Matters of great importance to the organization will be voted , *. upon. f “ —MASSEY.
Marriage Course Students: There will be no Marriage Course tonight. —JANSING. h
Skull and Crescent: Meeting Thursday night, 7:30 p. m. in Room 303 of the Union. We will discuss oUr neophytes, \ —LANIUS. ^ Rho Kappa: Keys are in. There will be a short business meeting 'Wednesday, April _ 9, at 6 p. m. in room 808 of the union. Bring ideas for emptying treasury. —OSWALT. ^ Catalyst Pledges: Important meeting today at 7 p. m.. Room 110 Chem. and Met. Building. Attendance will be taken. —BBRGSTEDT. V, Ag Chem Club: Meeting Wednesday, ^ April 9, at 7:30 p. m. in room 308 Union. ^ —ELKIN. ' Meeting of Electoral Board t. will be held today at 4 p. m. in room 118 ^ "K Hall, All departmental editors should be present. —ADAMS. AH S^dent Senate Freshmen and Sophomores : Report to the Senate o ce Wednesday, April 9, at 4 p. m. —W ALLEY. _ POMM Pledges: Meeting at the Armory, ^ Thursday, Apiil 10, at 7:16 a. m. Wear uniforms. —YEAGER.
Redio Club Members: Order your membership pin by paying deposit at meeting Tuesday, April 16. FREED. Radio Club; Meeting Tuesday, April 16, at 7:80 p. m. in room 184 EE building. M. T. Reynolds will give a demonstration lecture on “Simplified Field Strength Measurement for the Amateur.” A radio equipment exchange will also be held. —FREED,