Published Daily By Students Of Purdue Uniyersity
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, MARCH H, 1936
sm
Skariatina
ToTalkOf
HoiuelaiKi
Will A|rpear On Fiii^ Convocation Program Tomorrow At 8 P. M.
. The last scheduled University convocation of the semester, which will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock tomorrow evening, will feature Countesk Irina Wladimirovna Keller Skariatina, noted RussoAmerican author and lecturer, and direct relative to Russia’s most powerful families. Her subject, “Russia of Today And Yesterday”, will be illustrated by incidents from her own exciting and interesting life. She was born and educated in the last days of the Czars, and her early life is full of contacts with the “old Russia”. Sentenced to death during the Russian revolution, she was able to have her sentence commuted and
A reception will be held for Irina Skariatina in the Union ballroom after the convo tomorrow night* All students are invited.
come to America only through the influence of friends on the American relief commission.
■ ' : ■ MarriesHere she met and married a young naval officer, Victor Brakeslee. Two books, “A World Can End”, and “A World Regins”, telling of her experiences in the revolution and her early days in America, were written shortly after. Finally, after ten yearg in America, she was permitted to return to her homeland by Russian minister of foreign affairs, Litvinov. The record of her trip is contained in her next book, “First To Go Back”. In 1934, the record of her childhood was published under the title of “‘Little Era In Old Russia”. A “restful” trip through Europe in the year of 1934 with her husband, proved anything but that, and the account of the unrest and strained feelings in continental countries provides the material for her latest book, “New Worlds For Old”.
Dr. Bray Leaves For Tour
Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the school of chemical engineering, left yesterday for a trip through northr ern Indiana. He will visit Kokomo, Ft. Wayne, South Bend, Mishawaka Gary, and Hammond. The promotion of research is his purpose. His plans include speaking before civic organizations and Purdue Alumni clubs, and conferring with heads of industrial concerns. He will return Friday. Several research units are now in the process of development in the school of chemical engineering. Two semi-commercial units, constructed during the last two months, are now being operated in Heavilon Hall.
GE Representatives To Interview Seniors
Six representatives of the General Electric Company arrived here Monday to interview seniors for positions. They will remain here through today. Monday > evening they were guests of Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the school of Electrical Engineering at a smoker at his home. Four of the six men are Purdue graduates. C. C. Adams, ’06, Chicago, Assistant manager of Central station department; P. Y. Tumy, ’09, Manager of Grand Rapids Division; M. Q. Allen, ’16, Columbus, O.; G. E. Mullin, ’27, IndianapoliSi
ELECTS OFFICERS
Phi Gamma Delta annotmces the election of the following officers: Robert Loehr, president; John Kany, treasurer; James Baker, recording secretary; John Brubaker, corresponding secretary; and Charles Capron, histprian.
Pandemonium Reigns Supreme As Practices For Carmita Put Final Sheen On Production
■/.By;;E.'H.':MPrris-V ■ ^ ' Everywhere inside the Union ballroom there is noise. Pianos bang away, keeping rhythm for the tapping, shuffling, gliding feet of the chorus girls. Keim Carmichael, sweating in his shirt-sleevs, “wayes his arms about and shouts instructions to the cast. A1 Stewart, red in the face and his hair awry, stamps his foot and sings in a loud
Persons having made reservations for “Carmita” tickets must call for them today or ' they will be placed on sale to the general public. There are still a few good seats at thirtyfive and fifty cents not taken which may be obtained at the Union desk or the Mars box office. Mailed reservations may also be sent to the Mars Theater.
voice as the vocalists attempt to
learn the proper rhythm.
In another corner,, Bob Puller raises his voice while trying to illustrate the proper way to portray Pedro, the grunting Indian. Betty Ann Plorer, attempting to pep up the pony chorus, stamps her foot and shouts, ‘-shuffl^ tap, tap, toe.
heel, tap”. Pandemonium reigns su-
preme! Orchestras, pianos, danc-
Cartoonist Gray Portrays Alma Mater In Comics
Scenes from the University campus were portrayed by Harold Grayj author of the Little Orphan Annie and MaW Green cartoons that appear in the comic section of the Chicago Tribune, in depicting the travels of the former last Sunday. Annie is now traveling from the west coast eastward, and in Sunday’s script arrives in a college town. In her search for a place to sleep and eat during the coming night, she passes the college campus around which borders an old iron fence quite similar to the old iron fence that stands around our campus, especially resembling that part of the campus running along State Street. , Background In the background of one of the pictures stands the clocktowef that was an exact replica of HeaAnilon Hall, and shrubbery and trees much like those near and about ‘‘Hello Walk” made up the foreground of the picture. Pictures of parts of the village situated on a steep hill as well as other familiar land marks show that Gray was porfeaying the campus of his Alma Mater. He graduated in science in 1917 and now lives in Crotonron-the-Hudson, N. Y. He is associated with the New York News as well as the Chicago Tribune.
Group Will Discess “BouMe Standards” Touiglit At 7 s30
G. Gold, graduate student will lead the Discussion Forum oh “Double Standards” in the faculty lounge of thie Union at 7:30 tonight. This is the fourth meeting of the group organized by Dorothy Kuehn, student union vice-president, for all interested students. Previously the meetings were held on Thurs4ay nights but the date for this week’s discussion was changed because of convocation tomorrow night.
Prom Tickets
All those wishing to apply for Prom permits must do so by 6:30 Friday, March 13. • All applications for tickets must be paid at the cashier’s office by 12:30 Saturday, March 14. There are to be no exceptions.
ing choruses, sin^hg principals, grunting Indians, shoutirig jiroducers, racket and confusion-enough to deafen the ihhbcent bystander, It Won’t Be Long Now Yeti in three days, aU this uproar will subside and a Wellmannered, orderly play will emerge from the chaos. When the orchestra swings into the overture at 8 o’clock Saturday night at^jthe Mars Theatre, there will be no confusion, no shouting, and no more twangy pianos. The audience will see the result of hours and hours of constant learning, relearning, and practicing by every member of the show. The playi Carmita, opens at a dude ranch where a summer geology class from a California university is making its headquarters. Suddenly a Don Perez and his daughter Carmita arrive from a neighboring ranch with tales of a mysterious “Ghost Rider” who has been terrorizing the countryside. Comedy And Disaster Following the suggestion of Bob Halliday, owner of the rapch, the entire group journeys to Carmita’s ranch to get first-hand information of the bandit. Cliff, a good-natured collegian, dresses himself in clothes that resemble those Worn by the outlaw and stages a mimic holdup. At the height of the fun, the feal outlaw appears. Many comical and humorous situations arise throughout the entire play, which invariably turns out to the advantage of Bob and Carmita, and needless to say, as in all good musical comedy romances, everything straightens out in the end.
Many Visit Art Glass ExMbit In Union
In support of the modem trend toward the revival of appreciation of fine craftsmanship shown in medieval stained glass windows, many students and townspeople visited the exhibit in the faculty lounge of the Union Building over the week-end. The exhibit, consisting of more than 20 pieces, which will be on display for the next two weeks,; in^ eludes a display of the work of Charles J. Corinick, of Boston, who has been developing medieval glass for 30 years and now is the only glass man to hold the American Institute of Architects Craftsmanship medal. “Doughboy” Window Most of Connick’s work symbolizes religion, hut he also utilizes other themes as shown in his “Doughboy” window, in the American church in Paris. One group is of the Princeton University chapel panels illustrating such literary classics as Banyan’s “Pilgrim’s Progress”, Milton’s “Paradise Lost”, “Dante’s “Inferno”, and Mallory’s “Morte d’Arthur”. Other exhibits include two large color sketches for the transept windows in Grade Cathedral in San Francisco, a drawing of the window symbolizing the “Song of Solomon” presenting significant images from the “Song of Songs”, and the six days of creation as suggested in smaller medallions from the Christ church in Cincinnati.
Depaiiw Students Lead Marriage Discussions
“Youth and Marriage” discussions comprised the Senior Christian Endeavor services at the First Christian church Sunday evening. More than 100 University and city people attended. A. panel of five DePauw University students led the discussion. The panel included: Crofford Vermillion, “The Sociology of Marriage”; Kenneth Kensler, “The Economics of Marriage”; Miss Jean Thompson, “The Psychology of Marriage”; Miss Catherine Stone, “Religion and Mhrriagre”; and William L. Taylor, chairman of the panel, “The Biological Aspects of Marriage”.
P^risSM^sTo Close
This is til© last week during which a 1936 Debris may be ordered. The Debris office will be open from 4 until 6:30 p*. mi each Week night and all day Saturday. No money need be paid down at time of ordering the yearbook which is hoW priced at $6^00.
BandToPIdy Symphony
Win Present “From The New World”
Tackling a task which once seemed nearly impossible, the University Symphonic Band at its next concert Sunday, March 22, will play Dvorak’s “From the New World” Symphony. So far most bands have been unable to play it for the reason that this most popular of all standard symphonies has never been completely published for bands. Started Last June When the University Concert Band went Symphonic, just a year ago, the object in view was the presentation of this symphony. Beginning last June, and working continuously until the first of the year, H. Y. Hunsicker, band librarian, has completed an original arrangement of the symphony. At the same time the band’s instrumentation has gradually been changed, and more symphonic pieces have been played.
Other Numbers On Program The other numbers on the program have yet to be announced, but will probably include a specialty solo and one or more popular overtures. Like other concerts in the series, this one mil be sponsored by the Lafayette school board and the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce. Admission will be free.
Equipment Biims In Ptysics Building
The West Lafayette Fire Department spent almost an hour and twenty minutes in extinguishing a fire in the new basement of the Physics building at approximately 2 o’clock Monday mornihg. Forced to don gas masks on account of the dense smoke, the firemen were endangered by the high-voltage electrical eqmpment that is said to have caused the fire. Oil used for cooling transformers was ignited by faulty wiring, and the resulting conflagration destroyed several pieces of electrical equipment and also covered the walls with a thick deposit of carbon.
Oiitstaiidliig Uiii©n Art ShowExMMts Chosen
Art works by J. W. Anderson, Lillian Peterson, Catherine Apn Cromer, Belle Robbins and B. S. Sheinwald have beep selected from among the entries in the Student Union art exhibit to be sent to the annual Big Ten art show, which is to be held in the Union Building at Iowa University from April 27 to May 4. Mss Laurentza Schartz-Hansen, of the department of applied design and M. L. Vallely, manager of the Union, served as judges for the entire contest and selected the ten outstanding creations. Over 40 entries were received in the University exhibit which opened last week with Ruth Anspach ip charge.
Dean Potter To Speak At Regular ASME Meeting
The regular meeting of the student chapter of the A. S. M. E. will be held this evening at 7:30 in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering building. Dean Potter will be the speaker. The subject of his talk will be “What’s Next?”, a continuation of a talk he gave before ME 103 class some time ago.
Will Honor Net Team Everett Dean^ f. I/. Coack^ To Address Croup In
*
of Purdue’s current co-chaippioiisiiip
rp u T ii- 11 O UU Wit; Oi tUe allrtime XSlg len basfetpall standing, Hoosier hardwood supporter^ wfll turn put here en masse tonight to pay tribute to Coach WM Lambert and the 1936 co-title five at the annual Lions club banquet to be held m the Un- — ———
ion Building at 6 :30 b’clock. Tickets, priced at one dollar, may be obtained at the Union
desk.
The major emphasis of the evening will be placed on Celebrating the achievements of the high-scor-ing quintet which plowed through a strenuous schedule to titular honors, with particular tribute to be paid to three outstanding seniors who have completed their Collegiate careers—Capt. Bob Kessler, Austin “Red” Lambert, and Ed Elliott. Everett Dean To Speak In keeping with the stranglehold that the Hoosier state obtained on championship honors this year, Everett Dean, coach of the Indiana quintet that tied with the Boilermakers for top honors, will be the principal speaker of the evening. Purdue’s brilliant all-time record on the hardwood, which has found the Boiletmakerk winning or sharing in the title eleven times since competition was launched on a conference basis in 1906, will also come in for its due share of attention. Master of Ceremonies Dr. L. M. Sears, a past master of the art, will act as master of ceremonies for the gala occasion. In addition to Coach Dean, the program will include short addresses from Pres. E. C. Elliott; David E. Ross, president of the board of trustees; members of the faculty athletic committee; Director of Athletics Noble E. Kizer; Coach Ward Lambert, and Freshman Coach William “Dutch” Fehring. Features of the evening will include the announcement of the selection of the 1937 captain, and awards of insignia to members of the varsity and freshman varsity
sqUads.
Exchange Student To Address ASCE
M. Haug, German exchange student in the graduate school, will address the local chapter of the A. S. C. E. this evening at 7:30 o’clock in room 201 of the Civil Engineering Building. Haug will talk about the opportunities offered in Germany and its educational systems. Following the speech, the meeting will be turned into a general “gripe” session in which all members will be given a chance to express their dislikes or likes for the society. Also the new by-laws, as drawn up by the senior society, will be discussed as to their advantages and disadvantages over the present set.-
Dr. Stoner Speaks To Pharmacy Students
are not necessarily part of the na-
vated.
To the imdergraduates he spoke on pharmaceutical discoveries and
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING—
ing of R* B. Cottrell, Chicago, HI. and C. E. Lang, Park Ridge, 111.
Dr. Gilbreth To Talk On Employment Staff Member To Spe^
On : ‘‘Techniquit^ Of
EffectiveHess”
Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, consulting engineer in management in New York City, who is also Professor of Management at Purdue, will deliver the sixth of the series of emplo3maent lectures for seniors tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall, taking as her subject “Techniques of Effectiveness,” Although the address is designed primarily for senior men and women, all students and faculty members are invited to attend. The address by Dr. Gilbreth, who is recognized as “ne of the world’s most eminent management engineers, promises to provide one of the highligh-ts of the lecture s^des. As a consultant in management problems in industi^ not Only in the Uffited States but in European countries, she has had, years of practical indTistrial experience, and
tical viewpoint of business and industiy. In her discussion of “Techniques of Effectiveness”, she intends to take up the units of measurement of success as applied in industry. Holds Many Degrees Dr. Gilbreth was born and educated in California and Isolds degrees from California, Brown, Michigan, Rutgers, and Russell Sage College. She is the author of numerous authoritative books, papers, and articles on management, re-education of crippled people, psychology, and home making, and up until the time of the death of her husband, Frank B. Gilbreth, in 1924, collaborated with him in tiiuo fatigue motion and micromotion studies, and the application of scientific management to the“one best way to do work.” She holds membership in the leading engineering and management organizations of the United States and Europe, and is one of the few wonaen who has been admitted to membership in the American Society of Mechanical Engineers.
Engineer Issn^ Call For More Workers
Dr. Stoner, research consultant of the Burrough-Wellcome Company of London visited the Pharmacy School yesterday and gave two talks, one before the faculty and graduate students, the other before
the/undergraduate students.
In his talk before the first group bers the magazine plans to enlarg© s explained that it was neRfiSBJil'ir Knn ifa nvACiml. i •
A request for additional staff members was made yesterday- by the Purdue Engineer, technical magazine published, by University students. This request was made necessary because of the greatly increased faculty interest and the lar^ number of present subscribers. Most of the newly created stsffiP positions will be in the junior divi-
sion of the staff.
With the increase of staff mem-r
he explained that it was necessary on il^ present policy of having for men in research to have crea- more student written articles in ad-
tive ability and the ability to ob- dition to those written by the fac-
serve. These two requisites he said uliy and alumni.
tive equipment but may be culti- M. S. Kice, M,E.^15,Pub^h€s
Articles On Blower Fto
Two articles written by M. S,
the part that research consultants Kice, M. E. ’16, appear in the Janplay in modern research laborator- dary and February issues of Powers
ies of commercial phai;maceutical Kice is head of the industrial houses. HlinHi/m n-f ir»i L
division of the American Blower Corporation, of Detroit, Hki arv. tides deal with the selection of fans on the basis of p^i^od
(; ,
"imm
,
ing of R. B. Cottrell. Chicago, m.. ■ Jr I ^
parallel operation of faus “humpy” charactOristC^,
. 'V I
mumMenber .Assoelsted CoHegriate Press, SEsteibatoF of COIXB®IA*S UMIffiS® ■
M«Otb«r Of HotioBol Golliars Psc® AasodatSosa, , Btg Tm. MtOEiisS Asaodotion JBxdhSdoeJy KepsesemS^ by Naaoaal. A^yesJiitog Serviee, Ine. . - ■ «2@ Maifittoa Avenbe, New Yosfe 'Citr :
ciriHE0-r#^ :and bdtagM. Multi^apfe «®d ogra;^': wbrk dbae. :Gi^ IV JSbrtsteff^
Bbtteed aw second eloBs matter at the post office, liafayette, Indtena. Deliver^ by man, $8.60 per year; delivered by carirler, $2.60 per year; sold by bingte ie<g>y. 2 bent*-
BosIdesS Pboiie 6088
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
BditoHal Phone 6087
Baily Stndent .PoMicatioii of Pnrdaie Ui&iversity
Bditoivin-Chlef.. Maaasrins Editor.
BDITOMAB STAFF .
Associate FBiiors..—
Sports Editor .... Associate Sports Editors..—... Bcphomore Assista^..—.......
C. Harper^ Jr.
Bold and Black Editor.....
.....ja. V. Heuser
C. H. Campbell
.A. ^ Chitotoen, C. M. Hardin,
W. T. Hunt, R H. Morris, Bl G. Walther ■ ..N, E. Hays
.........„..............J). P. MuU, B. H. Walpole, R D. Wood ...„. K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forester, , E. P. Manion, C. h. Sadler, R. C. Schenk, J. U von Hara ... .W» B. Abbott
Business Manager....^. Advertising Manager ...... Advertising Assistants..........
Circulation Manager...
Circulation Assistants.....
BUSINESS STAFF _ ' ....... ........ W. A. Koch _....._ ...... JBL F. Antonini ........ L. H. Brown, R. Creek, D. C. Miller ..... ... ....R. J. Hulse G. Girard, G. R. Shields
Room for Rent—Twin beds, board if desired. Close to Campus. 346 Northwestern Ave.
WOMEN’S STAFF
. Joyce Williams
Wednesday, March 11, 1936.
Issue Editor—-R, C. Schenk.
Federal Income With the problem of levying taxes in a painless manner once again confronting Congress, much debate as to methods of obtaining money is heard, not only in the halls of the capital, but in every hook and cranny of the nation. Analyzing the federal receipts for the past fiscal year, it is found that 49 per cent was obtained in the most painless method possible to today’s taxpayer, by borrowing. Income-taxes brought in 15 per cent of the total, while other taxes, liquor, processing, tobacco, excise, customs, estate, gift and others brought in 36per cent. Of these taxes, only the income levies, amounting to only 15 cents out of every dollar of revenue, can be considered as a direct tax, all others being indirect taxes on some form of private spending. Comparing these figures with those of the jrears just prior to the World War, a great difference is immediately observed. Ajpproximately 45 per cent, instead of today’s 5 per cent, came from customs duties; 30 per cent, contrasted with 6 per cent at present, came from liquor taxes; and 10 per cent, as against 6 per cent now, came from tobacco taxes. Of the remaining income, only one per cent came from levies on corporations, while today corporation income taxes annually produce 8 per cent of the total federal income. Before 1933, income taxes produced about half of the total revenue, but the proportion has been steadily declining'from then to the present. One of the biggest problems now facing the legislators is to determine whether or not broader income taxes should be incorporated in the new program. In 1933, less than 2 per cent of the American citizenry filed taxable income returns, while in Great Britain a much larger proportion of the population paid income taxes. In England the direct tax, on the incomes of individuals and corporations, covers a wider range of incomes, and is much heavier in the lower bra.ckets. It is only in the extremely high incomes that the American tax exceeds the British rate. Several advantages are claimed for the English system, including a greater stability of revenue, and less subsidization for private interests, since the Englishman pays more attention to how his money is spent, and is quick to voice loud protests at appropriations he thinks are unjustified. , In the United States, the amount collected approaches the proportion of that in Britain,, but the taxes are of such a different nature that the individuals do not have the same interest in government expenditures. Here the levies are a few cents on ariiicles such as cigarettes, tires, or radios, with the aggregate sum mounting into the billions. Taxes as painless as these are due to the desires of the law-makers to prevent violent protests from their constituencies, but result unfortunately in the fact that these voters take little or no interest in many of he financial affairs of the government. The corporation tax seems to be one of the major issues in the present budget battle in Congress, with the President demanding that present levies be replaced by a new tax based solely on undistributed surplus. Again Great Britain’s method comes into the debate as the battle rages over this new proposal. In that country, there is a fiat tax of 22 and one-half per cent on corporate income, and this is usually deducted by the companies from the money which would otherwise be districted as dividends. On the other hand, the practice of seCng aside huge surpluses is undoubtedly of great value when depressions come in the business cycle, since the use of these in the last few years was one of the major factors in helping the nation tide over the lowest years of depression. To date, the administration has made no proposals to revise the personal income levies on a broader basis, but that question may come up as the Ways and means committee debates the methods to be used in taxation in the near future. But it is certain that extensive revisions in money raising technique must come when the rising generation is faced with the problem of paying back that 49 per cent which our federal gov emment has been borrowing.—W. T. H.
University Boasts Most Former ■ 4-H Club-Members . A higher percentage of the students in agriculture and home economice here are former 4-H club members, than at any other midwestern university, reports R. A. Turner, of the U. S. department of agriculture, who is in charge of 4-H club work over the nation. Of the 465 enrolled last semester in the school of home economics, 208 formerly were in club work, and of the 637 in the school of agriculture, 243 were former club inembers. This makes 45.01 peir cent of the students in these two schools of the University formerly engaged in club wprk. Second to Purdue is the University of Nebraska with 48.28 per centi while the University of Illin-
ois is third with 41.03 per cent; Kansas fourth, with 39.46 per cent, and Ohio fifth, with 36.80 per cent Enrollment Study Turner began a study of enrollment of former club members in agriculture and home economics 8 years ago. The first year he found 751 individuals in these groups, or 18.5 per cent of the enrollment in these two branches of study, in the 12 north central states. The past year he found 3,395 or 31.96 per cent as having come from the club ranks. “It is evident, in view of this data, that the 4-H club movement is fostering a desire on the part of the 4-H club members to obtain additional scholastic training, and is directing an increasing number toward the state colleges of agri culture,” said Turner, who visits the University once or twice a year to keep in touch with Indiana club work.
FOR SAliE^Jllodern buttgaloW^ fiw rooms, compete bathy pantjry» breakfast nook; fril h Crete porch across front, new garage, good ^rden, some fruit, flowers, shrubbery. Reasonable down payment, terms. Possession April 1st. 227 S. Salisbury.
Chamberlin’s Special for this week—^Almond Toffee and Vanilla. Order it. It’s delicious.
For Sale—Atwater Kent, 7 tube Radio, good one at ?7.50. Three tuxedo suits, sizes 38 to 42, each $5.50. Evening dress, cost $25.00 All dry cleaned like new, $3.60. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North 5th Street,
NOTIGES No notites accepted after 8 p. m.
Condition Exam—An exam for the removal of conditions in chemistry 1 will be given in room 101, Education Building Saturday afternoon, March 14, at 1 p. m. Application for permission to take this exam must be xhade at room 210, Chemistry Building, not later than March 12. By special arrangement an exam in chemistry 2 may be t^en at this time. Another exam for removal of condition will not be given until September. —HASS, TEST.
Chemistry Condition Examsr-Exams in chemistry 29 and 107 will be held Saturday, March 14, at 1 p. m.,' in room 101 Education Building. Applications must be made on or before March 12. —^NELSON.
Removal of Condition Grade in M. T. 2—All students who received a C grade in M. T. 2 (gunnery) last year report to Capt. Hayford at the Armory before noon March 21 and arrange for removal of the grade. —HAYFORD.
Alpha Zeta—^No meeting tonight. —GARDNER.
Discussion Group.—Meeting at 7 ;30 tonight instead of tomorrow because of convocation. Subject will be “Single and Double Standards”. —KUEHN,
Union Band—^Members will rehearse tomorrow and Friday at 8 a. m. at Mars. —JUMP.
Art Pictures—-Those who entered pictures in the art exhibit. please call for them at the Union office. . —ANSPACH.
Union Workers—Those who have no 9 o’clock today report to George Mitchell in Union lobby. —FULLER.
University Choir—Compulsory rehearsal at 4 Friday in Fowler Hall. —KIMMELL.
W. A. A.—^No activities this evening because of W. S. G. A. mass meeting. --DUNWdODY.
W. A. A.—Primary elections tomorrow at 5 in Women’s Gym. —DUNWOODY.
FLASH: CARMITA principals rehearsing overtime at the Airport under a full moon were caught, reprimanded, and seht home. It proito-^ ises tp be a good shUvif ^ . . '-'(. LEAP; VEAtt'\A few, we know,,were given brains Others giveii, beauty;; ' : To sbiiie a sense of artistry, ' '■ To some! a Seiise of duty. ; . Some were given fickle ways, , Some got ways sincere. Some got wealth, some got health. The spinsters—they got leap .year. ■Jugglfer Vrin. Sweet young thing calling the Beta house: “May I speak to a tall, curlyheaded boy named Eddie? I don’t know his last nam&—you see I met him in the dark.” —^the goon. “It’s going to cost my dad a lot more to keep me in school next term.” “Why?” “My roommate's abroad.” —oh! Along that spring feverish line: Our own Mister Love, God’s gift to the gals. Finds Miss Jan Nilson Has too , many pals. —Onlooker Craig, NOTICE; The weather will probably change before Friday . . . so bring your own girl to Cotillion. —STALLINGS.
WBAA
Poultry Oldb Meeting, PouWaiy Building, room, 204, 7:15. ' Co-ed Marital Lecture, Dr. R. Gerard, Women’s Lounge, 7:30. Basketball Banquet, Union Ballroom. A. S. C. H. Meeting, C. E. Bldg, room 201, 7 p. m. j y' / W. S. G. A. Mass Mee^ng,(Faculty Lounge, 4. j Delta Rho Kappa, Peasant Room tJttion, 7 p. m. ^ Flying Club, room 1> Union, 7:80 p.-m;, ■ Alpha Zeta; room 2; Union; 7. .'(Tomorrow;': University Convocation, Irina Skaratina. Fowler Hall, 8 p. m, Reception, Faculty Lounge, Af-; ter Convocation, New Entomology Society, Ag Hall, room 13, 7 p. m. Industrial Education Society Shops 7 p. m. A Gh S, Chem. Bldg., Room 106, B. L. Clarke, 7:30 p. m. Winter Course Society Meeting, Ag. HaU Assembly room. Senior Employment Lecture. Dr. Gilbreth, Fowler Hall, 4 p. m. . Friday Sophomore Cotillion, ballroom, 9-1, Ace Brigode’s orchestra. Skull an'd Crescent banquet, faculty lounge, 6:30. Agronomy Seminar, Room 201 Ag. Building, 4 p. m. G. P. Walker, “The Decatur Sugar Beet Experimental Field.”
Today 11:00—American Institutions. Ur. Phillips. ' 11:60—Purdue News Plashes. 12:00—^Farm Facts. T. R. Johnston. 12 .'16—Osval -Wray and his Orchestra. 12 :30—Adeline Hayes, soprano. 12 :46—Physics Today. 1:00—Meditations. Rev. Parker of Delphi. 1:15—Jim Woodruff and his Guitar. 1 ;80—Better Homes. “The English Inn”. 1: :46—Final Markets. 2 :00—-Better Expression. 2:16-—Vocational Guidance. 2:30—Ida Hartman, pianist. 2 V46—Edith Hines, blues singer. 3 :00—Jefferson High School. 3 :30—^American Legion Auxiliary.
Treasure Hent Opens With Ant© :F©r First Prize Lafayette’s u n i q u e Treasure Hunt, sponsored by the local Chamber of Commerce, opened yesterday with everyone over 16 years of age, including students, eligibie to enter. Either a Chevrolet or Plymouth car will be presented to the winner of the contest following its closing on March 13, Anyone desiring to enter the hunt between now and the closing day may obtain a list of clues and stores from any of the merchants displaying the green banner or ■window card. Five articles are to be matched in each of the participating stores with the clues on the clue sheet. These persons who arrive at a solution will then turn in their results at the court house Saturday, March 13, for judging.
W. A. A. Basketball—Tomorrow at 4 in Women’s Gym: Alpha Xi Delta ys. Ward 2 in small gym. Ward 4 vs, Ward 3 in large gym. At 4:30: Ward 1 vs. Chi Omega in large gym, and Women’s . Evidence. Hall ■vs. Alpha Chi Omega in small gym. —CHARLES.
W. S. G, A.—No executive board meeting tonight. —HALL.
W. S. G. A.—Mass meeting at 4 today in faculty lounge. —HALL.
Y. W. C. A.—Girls who wish to have cabinet positions should leave applications in Y. W. C. A. office on or before Mar. 18. —GOBBLE.
Wesley Foundation—Vesper service this afternoon at 4:15 in the Foundation house. Miss Blaze will speak on the subject “Religion and Life”; ! , —KIRTLAND.
Archery Club—Meet in Women’s Gym at 7 tonight. . —POST.
Union Workers—^Will the following persons of our committees meet in the Union sub-basement today at 4: Stallings, Marshall, Mueller, Evans, Wantland, Blank, Linville, Vogl, Chapin, Zimmer, Bates, Anderson, Craft, Cabouarge, Peck, McNaughton, Gibson, Pforzheimer, Reith, Meriam, Favorite, Brattain, HeSs, Roper, Quinn, Meihaus, Harper, Poor, Abell, Shoemaker, and Fielding. —SHOEMAKER. QUIGGLE.
Union Workers—My committee meet in the Union office at 4 today. —CLARK. Union Workers—Members of my committee will mwt in the Union office at 4 today. —KUEHN. .
Union Show—^Entire show meet tonight at 7:30. Cast, tango couple, rumba couple, choruses 1, 2. 3, and Jane Allen. —Anspach.
Playshop Board—Meeting at 7 :30 tonight, f —HOLDEN.
Plying Club—^Meeting at 7 :30 tonight in the Union. —ASIRE.
Co-ed Fencing—Practice tonight at 7 :30 instead of tomorrow. —HADLEY.
Skull and Crescent—Very invportant meeting pertaining to membership and Cotillion tonight at 7:30 in Senate office. —CRAIG.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council—Meet at 6 at the Acacia house tomorrow. —McCONNELL.
Delta Rho Kappa—^Meeting at 7 tonight in Union, —ROBBINS.
Tonug enooKh to be tiieoretieals enough to be praetiesl. , RICHARD J. BATH . WATCHMAKB® 6®8 Main St.
Man Think Abnnt ? ? ?
He Really Does Think'—He’s Not A ‘‘Babe In The Woods”—He Does Have A Perfect Reaction , To Express Just Himself
occasions — or the "pashing” moment on a "campus courting bench.” Here a man can wangle the most satisfactory wardrobe out of an allowance—be said allowance meager
—^or moderate—or fat.
T he BALTIMORE sees Fashion —when it’s a mere gleam on the eyeball—is present at its birth— sees it go into its stride—and into its prime—sees it in its decay—^and de-
W E HAVE a suspicion that a University man looks upon the floods of unasked-for clothes advice as just a bit presumptuous—and a bit amusing. There is nothing of the "Campus Joe” about him. His practical soul responds enthusiastically to moderate prices—where to
go—-and for what-^
Y OU’LL pardon us if we seem a"^
little blunt, but in the matter of
University clothes and accessories The Baltimore knows its book forward and backward (in the best University tradition). We confess to a healthful distaste for "Kollege Klothes”—for designer’s dreams— for "knock-em-diZzy” ideas, for socalled "stylists”—after all, University men themselves determine their fashions—and The Baltimore tries to be a good observer and reporter. F or This is a cosmopolitan store
;—alert to trends—that knows
its Esquire—and the sources froni which Esquire gets its authentic presentations—and its rare foresight. And The Baltimore also has other sources—we are just like that. With two top-ranking haberdashers and eastern University campi-—and we watch the reports from Florida— and other important meets where Fashions are started on their ways. You’ll be surprised how often The Baltimore showings pre-date even those appearing in the forward-
looking fashion magazines.
W E ARE therefore in perfect
position to know and present
the most acceptable clothes for “The Man About Campus”—-the "Cum Laude” in clothes—the “must ha-ve” ■^and also those University fashions that belong to tomorrow. Here you will find the clothes for campus; for week-ends—for the big formal
mise. And—-as a man’s store—^with a healthful masculine viewpoint bn Fashion—we can separate the authentic from the spurious—the gentlemanly from the "jelly”—the genuine thing from the "freakish fad.” You’ll find a “look-through” very interesting for all University requirements are at the front—again —an invitation—come in and see these words translated into actual
merchandise.
at
The Baltimore Oothes Shop
umi SAIS^DWICH SHO*' 218 Vine St.
Application Pictures Special .$1.25 per teea The Foster Shop Stndio Opposite Purdue Union Phone 6726
4 PHOTOS yE8iiargeMients-25e'
‘ ’SERViCE RRiNTING. : StsBbtiery , S'; Weddina Invitetibni PHONE ® Sales Books, E«c. i., 'j2:6 2 8 CASSEL'S 408lKERRy^^
Jane Withers IN “PADDY O’DAY” ■WITH Pinky Tomlin and “Here’s to Romance”
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday Dick Foran (The Singing Cowboy) IN , “Song of the Saddle”
ARC
■last DAY
Edward G. Arnold IN, “Diamond Jim”
LIMA LAST TIMES TODAY
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday DOUBLE FEATURE EDWARD ARNOLD ■IN • “Crime and Punishment” AND ANN SOUTHERN IN *You May Be Next”
SUBSCRIBE NOW FOR IWIi EXPONENT1/
I
ii
jPIlp '1^' ' . * I n
7 Others
The brilliant CO - championship performance of Purdne’s high scoring 1936 basketball combination has not only materially strengthened the position of Lambert-coach-ed quintets as the dominating factor in the Big Ten hardwood picture since the World War^ but has enabled the Boilermakers to junm to the tbp of the all-ti ference standing alongside of Wisconsin^ Since basketball competition was formally launched ( in the Western Conference with the formation of the “Big Nine League” in 1906, the Boilermakers have figured in the title distribution eleven times, nine of the championships coriling during the past sixteen yearb under the reign of Coach Ward Lam-
bert.
In four out of the eleven championship years, the Boilermakers have taken the undisputed title, sharing the honor the other seven years. In the matter of undisputed titles, Chicago and Wisconsin are tied vrith the Boilermakers, while Iowa and Indiana are the only two Big Ten teams that have yet to win a clear championship. The championship standing of Big Ten teams since 1906 follows; Undisputed Titles
Minor Sports Awards Made Letters Given To "^ater Polo, Squash, Swimv^tiiing; TeaM-Meliadjere::;;
Record Number Emroiled In 1935 4M Club Work
A total of 45,835 Hoosier boys and girls were enrolled in various phases of 4-H club work last year as compared with 39,315 in 1934, an increase of 6,520 for the year, according to the 1935 report of 4rH club work prepared by Dr. Z. M. Smith, of the University, state club leader. Of the 39,315 in 1934, 12,673 were boys, and 26,642 were girls, while in 1935, 29,340 were girls and 16,495 were boys; Marion Led Last Year j Last year Marion county headed the list with 1,585 youths enrolled in 4-H club work. Other counties ranking high in the number of 4-H members were: Tippecanoe, 1,135; St. ; Joseph, 1,005; Knox, 965; Daviess, 907^ Elkhart, 853; Vigo, 876; Madison, 826; Putman, 783; Monroe, 782; IParke, 764; and Delaware, 761. Tippecanoe,, county, had the largest enrollment in agricultural projects with 638 members. Putman and Elkhart counties were second and third in agricultural projects with 545 and 528 members, respectively. In the home economics and health projects 1,614 members were enrolled in Marion county; 811 in Putman county; and 796 in Tippecanoe county. Volunteer Leaders Marion county had the greatest number of volunteer leaders with a total of 177i including both junior and adult leaders. Tippecanoe county was second with 124 leaders. In all, 4,875 leaders were at work during the year throughout the state. Boys and girls enrolled in agricultural projects last year totalled 20,002 with 77.3 per cent completing their projects. Eighty-one per cent of the 35,737 boys and girls enrolled in home economics work completed their projects. One thousand, nine hundred and seventeen members enrolled in the health projects, and 77.2 per cent completed the work. ■ The report showed that the average entollment per county for the past two years has been 139.3 boys in 1934 and 181,2 boys in 1936. There were on the average 292.8 girls enrolled per county in 1934 and 322.4 in 1985.
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION
H. 6. EEISNER
2S tteport
Team Titles
Won or Shared
Purdue
4
11
Wisconsin
4
11
Chicago
4
6
Minnesota
2
4'
Michigan
1
4
Illinois
1
4
Ohio State
1
2
Northwestern
1
2
Indiana
0
3
Iowa
0
2
Let^r awards, to the; ineihbers pt Purdue's^ scihash racquets^ swimiriing; and water polo squads were announced here this aifternopn following a meeting of the insignia board. ■ ■ Sis: major letters and one minor letter were awarded to the members of the squash racquets squad that was undefeated in midwestern competition and made a Cleap sweep of the first three places in the Western Collegiate Championships at Chicago, while eight major letters were awarded in water polo, and six major letters and one minor letter in swimming. The complete list of awards follows; ■ Squash Majors—F. E. Fields, Kokomo; J. G. Lucek, Cleveland, Ohio; J. W. Noll, Altoona, Pa.; R. TZucker, Lafayette; R. C. Ulrey, West Lafayette; M, T. Wakefield, Shelbyville, Ky. Minor—C. R. Petticrew, Pine Bluff, Ark. Swimming Majors—E. G. Closson, Logansport; R. B. Davenport, Indianapolis; G. H. Kerber, Park Ridge, 111.; P. H. Vernor, Rockford, 111.; R. H. Wallace, Lafayette; R. L. Whitcomb, Butlerville. Minors—R. G.
Cracking hickory and the thud of horsehide into mitts marked definitely the advent of spring in these parts as “Pop” Doan had his baseball candidates limbering up yesterday afternoon on Stuart Field. Approximately 25 would-be hurlers; infielders and the like have turned out with more expected in the next few days. Only four let termen, Martin, Lucas, Armon and Downey, are back with ' the squad this season. Most of the tryouts are sophomores. Games will be played this seasoii on Intramural Field, where a diamond has already: been laid oitt; Construction; of the new Admihistratiori BuiW has preyented; the use of the Stuart Field diamond as a playing field, and the new dia-
Ihree i earns
Chess Toiini^ Entrants Paired Off
■ry ' ' Encoimters Fencing, Track, Swimming Squads To Meet ' Big Ten Foes
mond just east of the stadium has not been completed.
+ -f'
4 > 4'
4 :4. 4
Phi
4 4 4 4 ,4 BASKETBALL 4,4,4.44
’ Today; '
Court 1, Humphrey 7:00—Alpha Tau Omega vs.
Delta Theta.
7:15—Theta Chi vs. Loser Of (Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Ka.ppa
':Psi).
8:25—Kappa Sigma vs. Winner of (Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Kappa Psi).
Barnes, Fort Wayne. Water Polo Majors—E. G. Closson, Logansport; R. B. Davenport, Indianapolis; A. P. Gillis, Chicago, 111.; G. H. Kerber, Park Ridge, 111.; R. R. Stewart, St. Louis, Mo.; J. R. Van Delester, Hammond; P. H. Vernor, Rockford, 111.; R. H. Wallace, Lafayette.
Markirig the cl^ the indoor■ sports season, which has already been featured by the co-champion-Ship performance of the Boilerinaker basketball squad and U clean i^eep of the fimt; thrde places in the; western collegiate sdua^ racf quets championships, representatryes of SurdUe’s: indoor track, fencing, and, swimming squads will all compete in Big Ten chainpiohship meets this: weeh end. ; With co-captain Claude Moorei outstanding miler, stiU kept but of cbmpetitiou by a bad ankle, the Boilermakers’ main pibint hbpes in the conference indoor track ’Championships will be centered around cb-captain L a k i e Glenderining, half-miler. Glendenniiig, who placed fourth in the outdoor championships last year, has; yet to reach his peak. The other University entries in the track meet are expected to be Bluemel in the quarter-mile run; Vaughan-Catt and Stalcup in the dashes, and Terhune, Fifield, and Soles, who will be used in the mile relay combination. In the conference fencing championships at Chicago, Capt. Jack Silverman, who was runner-up for the foils title last season, is expected to make a strong bid for championship honors^ while Capt. Paul Vernbr, free style dash star, will be the lone Purdue entry in the swimming championships at Minneapolis.
The following men have been paired off in the chess tournament sponsored by the chess club under the direction of Jack Ohaver, Student Union vice president: Small vs. Plank, Cohen vs. Connelly; Hall drew bye, Smith vs. Green, Martin vs. Pilstrup, Bellinger vs. Jackson, Bush vs. Graham, Martin vs. Jennings.;.;;;/; The first rbuhd of the tournament must be played off before Mbhday> April 16, OT the^^^^^ defaults. The second round must be cpmpleted by Saturday, April 21. Results Will be posted as soon as the play is over. New membership cards fbr the Chess club are now available at the Union desk.
PM Bdts Lead IM Trophy Race
Phi Delta Theta’s intramural ath letes have Put their organization in the lead in the annual intramural participation trophy race -with a total of 321 and one-half points Following close behind comes Phi Kappa Tau and Phi Gamma Delta, their teams are now tied with 313 points each.
Hi
Epsilon with 311 and points to their credit while the 310
points of Phi Kappa Psi puts theih , .. «
in fourth place. The Sigma Phi Epkilnn’A tAlrff fiVtIt niaoa OAR
silon’s take fifth place with SOB,
points.
Following is the ratmg of the next five teams with their pointB: Delta Tan Delta, 303; Alpha Tan Omega, 300; Kappa Sigma, 288; Beta Theta Pi, 281. The class h^ethaU resiiltg and the results of the Gold and Black games have been figured in the above standings. ^ ^
4 4
4- '4'.
4 ;4. 4 .4- 4. 4; -4' GOLD AND BLACK 4- .4 .4 4: 4'4 ;4,. .
Ibday, f/o’clock : Court 1, Budd.
Phi Gamma Delta vs. Kappa Delta
Rho.,
Court 2, Hamphrey. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Pirathon. Court 3, Bartling. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Delta Theta.
Risk Dental Clinic
PAUI. A. BISK BOBEK’F G. BISK HABOIJ} J. RISE LUTHEB A. BISK 400 Schultz Bldgr. Phone 5701 Corner 4th Uiid hl^n
Hriiik Milk for.
Call JOHNSON Phone 413:32'
Milk is your best food;— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
*S -DAIRy
^or centuries the world has gone to the Near East for its flavors and aromas and spices.
.and today Chesterfield imports thousands of bales of tobacco from Turkey and Greece to add flavor and fragrance to Chesterfield Cigarettes.:
: Turkish tobacco is expensive. The import duty alone is 35 cents a pound. But no other place except Turkey and Greece can raise tobacco of this particular aroma and flavor.
■m
This Turkish tobacco, blended with our own American tobaccos in the correct proportions to bring out the finer qualities of each tobacco, helps to make Chesterfields outstanding for mildness arid for better taste.
Sm
'iAV'
. . for mildness .. for better taste
® 1936. Liggbtt & Myem Tobacco On,WSGA To Introduce
Charlie's Perfect,
Mate Lives In
Insane Asylom
By Margaret Nelson
And so they were married! It should have ended there with Clara (Ada Mae Roe) and Charlie (Charlie Trees) living happily the rest of their lives-^but it didn’t. Clara was not flawless in her marital makeup. Nagging and with no sympathy for her husband’s idiosyncraciesj she lived a narrow-minded life. When a man has such a companion', he naturally feels the need for a more sympathetic woman. Charlie found this sympathy temporarily in Constance (Ruth Grimm). She was sophisticated, yet understanding. Enjoying the same things as did Charlie, she seemed to have been ideally suited for him, but there were some things —indeflnable—that she lacked to make a perfect mate for Charlie. Then the charming woman. Melodic, (Edith Gregory) arrived to understand Charlie’s ai’tistic longings. Wistful and naive. Melodic was sincere and unpretentious. Since Charlie realized Melodie’s place in his life, he divorced Clara. And so they were married and lived happily ever after^—in an insane
asylum!
Gotfl ilori Comiii i ttee-
Mass Meeting In Uoi'on Building At 4; Copeland, Scudder To Run For President Candidates for W. S. G. A. offices for the coming school
year will be introduced at the mass meeting of that organization this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the women’s Ibunge of the Memorial Union Building. Those running in the election are Ruth Copeland and Jeannette Scudder for president, Mar-
garet Jones and Mary Alice Learning for secretary, Fay Pendergrass and Virginia Slocum, treasurer, Dorothy Martenet and Elizabeth Ann Stewart, junior representative, .and Mary Townsend and Mary Wein, sophomore representa-
tive.
Secret Committee These co-eds were selected by a secret nominating committee appointed by Helen Hall, president of Wr S. G. A., with the approval of the executive board. Since no petitions were handed in before Monday at 4 o’clock, there will be no further nominations made at the meeting. In addition constitutional changes proposed at the last mass meeting will be voted upon. These changes, which wiir become final upon receiving a majority of affirmative votes, include a reorganization of the executive board and a change in the time of the installation of new members of the judicial board. Election oLfhe new officers will take, place in an all co-ed election, to be held next Wednesday at the same tiihe that Y. W. C. A. and W. A. A. votes will be cast,
Above are members of the Cotillion Committee with their dates seated before them. Front row, left to right: Ellen Van Hoesen, Martha Wood, Dorothy Martenet, Virginia Hulse, Becky Thornbrough and Jeanne Beemer. Back row, left to right: E. H. Phelps, A. H. Forster, W. K. Stallings, N. S. Chapin, S. J. Wuletich, and W. F. Bailey.
Russian Mode Affects Styles Of American Dress
By Elizabeth Pyke.
What a well-dressed Russian girl wears today is a tailor-made, black cloth suit with the skirt reaching to the ankles, a short jacket to the hips, and a white silk blouse. Her accessories are a close-fitting black hat, black shoes with flesh colored stockings, pearl beads and earrings and a black leather purse stamped with a silver monogram. Irina W. Skariatina, a former Russian princess, who will speak at the convocation tomorrow, has informed us as to the change in Russian dress. After the World War
Dr* O'Shea Tells Of Experiences On Staff Of Wisconsin U* Paper
Applications ForYWCA Cabinet Due March 18 Co-eds wishing to apply for a Y. W. C. A. cabinet position may leave their written applications at the Y. W. C. A. office before March 18, or at the election table on that date. All girls are eligible, regardless of the amount of time they have spent in the work. They need not be menibers of the Y. W. C. A. After the applications are received, the girls will be interviewed some time before March 26, when the new cabinet members will be chosen. There will be a joint meeting of the new and old cabinets in the evening of the 26th for a supper and party. The new officers will be installed April 9.
OUR FINGER WAVES are the latest creations, Try ours for next Friday night. And only 35c. Complete with lemon castile shampoo. West Side leayty Sli®p Dial 7888 for Any Hour
iJlIMHili
PATEONIZE EXPONENT ADVER'nSERS
By Doris E. McCartney “The activities of the Exponent seem very calm and peaceable compared to the excitement on the University of Wisconsin campus sever-' al years ago,” commented Dr. Harriet E. O’Shea, director of person^ nel for women on this campus when questioned about incidents of her college career. For several years before Dr. O’Shea entered Wisconsin there were two campus dailies. The second one, which had arisen from unfortunate political situation, caused both papers to find themselves in a shaky condition financially. Eventually the insurgent paper was eliminated leaving the original and official organ, “The Daily Cardinal”. Board Of Control To avoid a similar occurrence and to supervise more closely the college’s newspaper, the student body worked out a plan whereby a Board of Control was established to work with the editor and bush ness manager and decide upon policies for the paper as well as keep it out of politics. Several years after its establishment Dr. O’Shea was made a member and had the distinct honor . of being the first woman ever to be elected to this Board.
“The Board, which was composed of three seniors and two juniors, was entirely a student idea,” continued Dr. O’Shea; Two juniors were elected each year and continued to serve through out their senior year while the fifth member was elected during his senior year. Dr. O’Shea was elected when a junior and, as she expressed it, came into ofiSce at the end of a violent political era. As a member of the board she frequently contributed editorials but did not
serve as a staff member.
Colli ii oh 'Ghattoir
Third Marital Talk Today Dr. R. Gerard, of Chicago, will give the third address of the marital lecture series for senior co-eds tonight ^t 7 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union. His address will be on “Marriage frorp
the Man’s Viewpoint”.
Dr. Theodora Wheeler, who was to have addressed the senior co-eds last night on “The Hygiene of Marriage” was unable to come because of the illness of her daughter. The date upon Which Dr. Wheeler will be able to speak is not definite.
It
m
It’s time to gather up the Spring Garments and send them to Grown to be refreshened for the season’s wearing
there were no feminine styles in the U. S. S. R. for women dressed like men in coarse pants and shirts. Although women still work with men in factories and offices, they are seeking style in dress. Three Types Of Apparel “It’s definitely every girl’s ambition to have three types of dress— for morning, afternoon, and evening. Permanent waves, manicured, pink nails, lipstick, powder, and rouge are part of the girl’s costume,” said a young Russian enthusiast to Miss Skariatina. Elizabeth Hawes, young American designer, took an elaborate personal wardrobe of 26 complete costumes to Russia last summer, where the Moscow dress trust and other people noted the latest American styles. For five hours caiheras took pictures of the different costumes until the small designer was exhausted. Want Their Own Styles The. Russians wish to create a style all their own; however, they mean to consider American and Parisian styles. It is quite probable that they will develop a characteristic dress because the physique of the Russian woman is different from that of American women. The Russians have a short, square, solid build while the American is a slender athletic type. The most popular mode is a, combination of the Rus sian peasant and our tailored gar-
ments.
Russian Styles Influence U.S. While Russian women are eagerly. seeking style in clothes again, their influence is easily recognized in American dress. Cossack-like coats, embroidered garments, tunics and fur trimmings are all examples of U. S. S. R. style invasions into the U. S. A. One successful shop in Paris creates nothing but Russian gowns regardless of the prevailing mode. Since these garments never follow fashion trends, they; are never out of style. The simple lines of these gowns permit a person to wear them all day—^for shopping, luncheon, matinee, tea, and informal wear. The dresses lend originality and dignity plus a certain brightening effect to the individual. And best of all “men always like them”.
Sylvia Rhodes, featured singer with Ace Brigode’s orchestra, may' hie the “Queen of Hearts” jio some people, but when the “Cotillion Clipper” sets sail Friday eVeniiig in the Union ballroom; some of our own co-eds will be strongly vying for that title themselves. . ; : Dorothy Martenet, who will lead Cotillion with Ward Stallings, is going to wbar a black net dress trimmed with black moire bows on the shoulders and a black moire belt, Undoubtediy she'will be one of the chief contenders for the title. . . . Breaking his precedent of never having had Uny dates on this campus, Sam Wuletich has asked Becky Thornbrough to attend Cotillion with him—you see, he’s on the committee. ... As yei; Martha Wood, who is attending the sophomore affair with another committee members (S. P. E. Forster), has not made up her “'mind as to what she will wear to the gala occasion—-either white satin or beigct. moire. . . . Wearing a lovely blue chiffon gown, Ellen Van HOesen will be accompanied by Emmett Phelps in the grand march—which reminds us that it was good to see Mildred Dickey back again last week-end. ... A formal showing the popular mannish influence, in that it resembles a tuxedo, will be worn by Virginia Hulse. “Ginnie” is going with Spence Chapin, of course. . . . Pin or no pin, “Prexy” Craig is still taking Alice Par Ion Friday evening. She plans to wear a ruffled, peach-colored chiffon dress. . . , The, saying goes “When the cat’s away, the mice will play”, but our version is “When OsSie’s away, his fraternity brothers will chisel in”. In other words, after taking Mary Helen Theiss to the Kappa Sig state dance. Corky King is now taking our Tickey to Cotillion. ... Bonnie Helen Raber is a busy lady these days, for she is making her own dress for the dance Friday. It’s to be a brown net ovm* maroon taffeta. . . . Doris Ellen McCartney, wearing a pink taffeta, will be escorted by Jack Ohaver. . . . In spite of the fact that she Will be minus an evening wrap Friday, Jeanne Stiles will still put in her appearance, “Jeanie” had to send her wrap home to “Sis”. . . . Acacia Putnam is giving Mary Bell a break this time. We wonder if the Pi Phis have another tea coming up again? Oh, well,, one doesn’t wear his pin on his tux, does one? ... Eleanor'^urner, of W. R. H. fame, is right in keeping with the times. She will An a red moire dress trimmed with Renaissance clips. . . . Grecian lines! that are so popular will be Worn by Ruth Copeland. Her dress is of phnfk crepe and is trimmed with Jeweled clips on the shoulders. . . . Jeanne Beemer and Sigma Nu Bailey will be right in the front Friday night, because Bailey is another committee member. . . . And not a few people will be surprised to find out that Bruce McGandless is playing escort to Catherine Clancey.... OurYriend Abbott will be there w:ith his Friend, Jo. ... Oh yes, our other friend, V. R. Butz, is tired of formats so he won’t be there. ... For further “con” about Cotillion, we’ll see you there Friday.
uwm
F IN E
C L E A N E R S
O F
FINE
C LOT H E S
New Co-ed Page Success is ours! From now on a Co-ed Page will be featured every Wednesday^ for the rest of the semester. On this page will be found features, fashions, and feminine foibles, to say nothing of the frailities, of our weaker sisters. Emerging^ from the “Hayride Era”, the University’s social life will shimmer and scintillate through the sphere of this new addition. To the sophomores on the staff goes the credit, glory, and work for this page, which is their brainchild and responsibility, except for the occasional intervention of juniors serving as “angels.” -^-Co-Ed Editor.
We have 4;Iie Answer to WHEM . .. ^ WHERE . L. . H#W the BreaMast Sitiiatien WHERE you want if '—on the campus. Just a step from our classes. WHEN yoli want it —without any delay. When we serve you, we wait on no one. HOW you want it —deliciously appetizing. So that we start the day with a smile on our lips, a sparkle in our eyes, and with a Iqt of pep and vigor. In other words in the UniiMi Cafeteria Tile Purdue Memorial Union
PATHOmZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS