Purdue ^Exponent
Volume 51# No. 71
Wedtiesday# December 6# 1939
Music For The Riveters' Rassle
Winterset' Opens Four-Day Run In Fowler Hall Tonight
SPHIMK
Friday night will be furnished by “Doc” Thrasher and his popular band from Indiana University. Thrasher plays regularly in the Indiana Union at noontime, for matinee dancing, and for many Indiana mixers. His vocalist is lovely Margaret Lorenz. Supplementing Thrasher in the ballroom will be the “Roving Dutchmen,” a fiv^piece German band. The German band will play in the cafeteria, roam the Union halls and lounges, and will appear in the ballroom when Thrasher takes intermission.
Tau Kappa Alpha To Sponsor Forum Tonight In Union Tau Kappa Alpha, forensic honorary, will sponsor an open forum tonight at 7:30 p. m. in the Union reception room. Speakers for the subject, “Is Foreign Propaganda a Menace to America?” will be Professors Monroe and Albjerg of the speech and history departments, and Paul Smith, manager of the United Press Bureau in Indianapolis. As expressed by the speakers, the subject should be of great importance to any American, especially the college student who is interested in keeping the United States out of war. When the speakers have concluded their addresses there will be an open forum in which members of the audience may ask questions of the speakers.
University Livestock Win High H. B. Tuttle To Discuss Meredith Club Plans
Honors At Chicago Exhibition Emerging with 12 purple ribbons, thirteen blue ribbons, and nine red ribbons, Purdue again won high honors at the International Livestock Exposition which is being held this week in Chicago. More head of livestock are being exhibited at the International this year than ever before.
Following the judging for Cham-
pion wether in which a lamb shown by the University won the Reserve Championship. Mr. Sam Breese, superintendent on the University farms, said, “it is the toughest show evei; more sheep in the ring th£tn any previous year”. The 11 purple ribbons were divided 8 to the sheep and 4 to the hogs. Although the hogs won 10 of the firsts and eight of the sec-
onds.
A list of the winnings to date are: In the hog division: Berkshire, Barrow, 180 and under 220 pounds; 1st in the class and reserve champion Berkshire. Berkshire, Barrow, 220 and under 260 pounds; 2nd in the class. Berkshire, Barrow, 260 and under 200 pounds; 1st in the class and champion Berkshire. Berkshire pen of three barrows, 180 and under 220 pounds; 1st in the class and championship pen of Berkshire. Berkshire pen of three barrows, 220 and under 260 pounds; 1st in the class. Chester White Barrow, 180 and under 220 pounds; 1st, 2nd, and 5th in the class. Reserve champion Chester White and champion light weight. Chester White Barrow, 220 and under 260 pounds; 1st and 2nd in the class and reserve champion middle weight. Chester White Barrow, pen of three; 1st in class and reserve champion pen of Chester White. Chester White, pen of three barTows, 220 and under 260 pounds; 1st in the class. Hampshire Barrow, 220 and under 260 pounds; 1st and 2nd in the class, and champion Hampshire. Hampshire, pen of three barrows, 220 and under 260 pounds; 1st in the class and reserve champion Hampshire pen. In the sheep division; Shropshire wether lamb; 1st in the class, champion Shropshire vi^ether and reserve champion of the
show.
Hampshire wether lamb; 1st in the class and champion Hampshire wether. Rambouillet, wether lamb; 1st, 2nd and 3rd in the class and Champion Rambouillet wether. Dambouillet, pen of 3 wether Jambs; 1st in class. (Continued on page 2)
Pugsley Will Speak To ASME Tonight The Ameiican Society of Mechanical Engineers will meet tonight in room 203 of the Mechanical Engineering building at 7:30 o’clock. W. H. Pugsley, director of engineering of the Hayes corporation, will speak on the subject “Instrumentation and Automatic Control of a Modern Steam Generating Plant.” At the conclusion of the meeting membeiship caids and pins will be given to new members. The meeting will last about an hour and all membeis and persons interested are uiged to attend. Ellis Will Address Stamp Club Meeting Tonight Meeting in the old Agriculturist office of the Union tonight at 7:30 p. m., the Lafayette Philatelic Society will hold its regular weekly get-together. After a short business meeting, S. Ellis of Lafayette, a retired railway mail clerk, will address the members of the organization on his duties and experiences while in the service of the United States Post Office Department. After the meeting, the regular session of swaping stamps and discussing current philatelic problems will be held. Irvan Maury , . . and their campus band, featuring the sweet voice of Darlene Mahns, will play for Saturday’s mixer in the Union ballroom. The decorations from the Riveter’s Rassle will remain and will form the background for Maury’s music. Sigma Alpha Epsilon . . . sobial fraternity, announces the pledging of Robert Sternberger, Indianapolis.
65 Couples
. . . attended the Union-sponsored tea dance yesterday in the Union ballroom.
Color Photography With Camera Cluh Harris B. Tuttle, of the Eastman Kodak Company, will speak to the Camera Club on “Color Photography” in a meeting to be held Friday at 7:15 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union building. Tuttle, who touis the country taking color pictures and explaining the principles involved in working with them, lectured here last year on this subject. This year’s talk will be on the same subject, but covering diffeient phases of it. A highlight of the lecture will be Tuttle’s display of color pictures he has taken throughout the country. An open fotum will be held after the meeting to give him a chance to answer any questions which the audience may have. Anyone interested in photography is invited to attend this open meeting. It will be dismissed in time to give those planning to attend the “Riveters Rassle” plenty of time to get there. Kappa Alpha Theta . . . social sorority, announces the initiation of Pat McKorkle, West Point; Helen Cooper, Elgin, 111.; Meredith Kirkpatrick, Delphi; Betty Voigt, Jeffersonville; Marylou Wallace, Shaker Heights, Ohio, and Correine Reifers, Lafayette. Dean Stratton To Address Women's Groups At Butler Butler University in Indianapolis will be the scene of meetings tomorrow sponsored by the Women’s Council and the Pan-Hellenic Council at which Miss Dorothy Stratton, Dean of Women of Purdue, will speak. At noon. Miss Stratton will address a luncheon meeting at the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority house. Her topic will be “Sorority Problems.” House mothers of campus organizations, sorority presidents, alumnae advisors, members of the Women’s Council and PanHellenic group will be guests at the luncheon. At 3:30 Miss Stratton will address the Pan-Hellenic Council. Phi Kappa Tau . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of L. L. Stahl, Terre Haute, and V. A. Johnson, Valparaiso.
Annual Xmas Party Virginia C. Meredith Club members will meet today at 4 o’clock in the Home Economics auditorium for their annual Christmas party. Christmas customs in their native countries, Mexico and Brazil, will be discussed by Gloria Pox and Benedicta’Gonealves. After the program members will join in singing Christmas carols. Any co-ed who desires to join the club may secure a membership card in Miss Beeman’s office in the Home Economics building before the party. The party will be open to mem-
bers only.
Students Have Prints Made For FBI Files Student fingerprinting sponsored by Alpha Phi Omega, scouting honorary, which began Monday will continue through Friday of this week. The work is being done in the great hall of the Union from 9 to 12 a. m. and from 1 to 5 p. m. free of charge. A total of 150 students have been contacted in the past two days.
Curtain Scheduled To Rise Promptly At 7:30 Cast Contains Stars Of Former Programs Tonight Playshop opens its second major production of the year in Elizfe Fowler Hall at 7:30 o’clock. Jack W. Miller, director, in an interview, granted last night, stated, “With the opening of Playshop’s production, “Winterset,” comes the most ambitious play ever attempted by our group. It is outstanding in its dialogue due to the free verse which is frequently made use of in the course of the play.” This presentation will mark the 65th major production in the long history of plays presented by students under faculty direction. “Winterset” is a story of gangsterdom and love played under the span of a mighty bridge in the slums of New York City. Maxwell Anderson, popular fiction writer and author of the play, ably brings out the, picture of characters in bold relief on a picturesque background. In a short interview one of the members of the cast, Joe Martin, who plays one of the leading roles, stated, “The play is shaping up nicely and I hope the audience will share our enthusiasm for the play.” Large Cast ' The large cast of this production contains many players whose past work in Playshop has made them favorites with campus theatre-go-ers. Prominent among this group are: Patricia Heine, remembered for her fine work in “Ceiling Zero” and “Dracula”; Benny Bums, whose Captain Stanhope in last season’s “Journey’s End” drew critical praise, Joe Martin, long a favorite for his work over station WBAA; and Harold Martin, whose work in last season’s summer theatre brought warm praise. William Heath, who plays the coveted role of Mio, appearing for the first time on the local stage, has had acting experience from Colorado State University. Don Salmond, Alex Lipchak, Louis Juilliard, Helen Steffee and many others complete the cast. Directed by Jack W. Miller, “Winterset” employs a large group of workers under the technical supervision of William L. Deam. Mr. Deam has designed the tallest scenery yet to be mounted on the stage of Fowler Hall. The pylons of the massive bridge, which forms the center of the design, reaches to a lofty height of 32 feet. The second scene of the play, a tenement basement, is mounted on a huge wagon which rolls into position to facilitate a speedy scene shift.
Helen Schleman To Address Charm School Tom^row Miss Helen Schleman, director of the Women’s Residence Halls, will speak at the meeting of Charm. School, sponsored by WSGA and YWCA, tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the women’s lounge of the Union building. Miss Schleman’s subject will be “Etiquettes,” and in her discussion she will include subjects on campus life which are of most interest to students. Third Charm School This meeting will be the third Charm School of the year. At the first meeting the perfect co-ed was discussed by Herb Fishburn, Student Senate head, and Paul Cooper, Student Union president. “Your Mirror Can Reveal Your Loveliness,” was the topic discussed by Mrs. Chariot Eldred, beauty counselor, at the second meeting held last week. Miss Schleman and Miss Dorothy Stratton, dean of women, have written a book on etiquette which has been printed in booklet form. Questions pertinent to students from many colleges and universities throughout the country are discussed in the book. The book has been compiled into ten volumes, although in the finished form they may be contained in one. Copies of the various volumes have been placed in the Women’s Residence Halls and in Cary Hall. PI A Tea Dance .. . will be held in the Union ballroom Saturday, December 9, from 3 until 5:30 p. m. The dance will be free to co-eds and PIA members. Admission will be 10 cents for all others.
If You're Gonna Come To Riveters' Rassle^ Come Prepared For Anything
By Mary Burtsfield Was I astonished! Dorothy Lamour cooed sweetly while Mickey Mouse showed Fred Astaire how to “jive it.” Eleanor, (our Eleanor who hates wah) carried on ab. intelligent conversation with Lew Lehr. Dignified Winston Churchill and his date Martha Raye sat dueting about a Mr. Paganini. Franklin D. Roosevelt howled at a story told him by a dignified Edward E. Elliot, honored guest of the evening. All of ’em were there: Baby Snooks with Adolph Hitler, Carole Lombard with Mortimer Snerd, Joe E. Brown and Brenda Frazier, Mussolini and Mahatma ^Gandhi. Gosh, and Sally Rand with Mayor La Guardia. Didn’t Catch Us! It was a sneak preview I’d managed concerning the Sigma Delta Chi “Riveter’s Rassle” to be held Friday night, December 8, in the Union Ballroom. You’ll be dressed properly for the evening if you represent a “Name in the News,” the theme of the evening’s dance. Reason enough for that big blue newspaper dubbed “Show at Door for
Admittance.” Price $1.99j4. You have, no doubt, seen all varieties of beards on the campus this week. Their owners are potential contenders for the Sigma Delta Chi awards to the best beard growers in four divisions: the best, allaround beard, the reddest beard, the curliest beard, and the beard which resembles most closely, peach fuzz. Five More Prizes Introduced this year by Sigma Delta Chi members will be the awarding of five prizes, concurrent with the theme of the dance: best characterization of a “name in the news,” best representation of a movie celebrity or character, the most grotesque costume, the most original costume, and a prize to the couple who resemble best “news names.” » Another feature of the evening, new this year, will be the announcement of three “Pour Star Co-eds” whose pictures will be printed, in the Exposer, razz paper published by Sigma Delta Chi especially for
the dance. The girls will be selected on the basis of oulstanding beauty, personality and activities. Announcement will be made when the Exposers are distributed during the evening. Exposer Tells AU Brought to the front for this one evening will be dirt, gossip, humor and off-the-record activities of one and all campus personalities on the campus to be incorporated in the Exposer, a special newspaper published by Sigma Delta Chi members. A chance to be friendly in an unobtrusive way wiU be offered contributors to the picture contest, a feature of the Exposer. The picture which exposes the most secrets of campus personalities will win for its owner a ticket refund. Dust off your top hat, drag out yom* coveralls, and we’ll see you Friday night at the annual Sigma Delta Chi “Riveter’s Rassle.” Tickets may be obtained from any SDX active or pledge, or from Southworth’s, Deac’s or Union desk.i
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, December 6, 1930
But Incidentally— By Vasilevich Good morning! As this is the first time my column has appeared I wish to say that if my contemporary knowledge of the rhetoric seems to be inefficacious or a flaccid titubation to no end whatsoever, consign your thoughts to the tomb of the Caprdets and try to forgive me. sjt ♦ * Well, now that Roget and I have that out of the way, there’s nothing to stop me from mentioning the Campus Varieties program we attended last Saturday in the “grill-lounge of the Women’s Residence Hall, West.” One student came in, threw his coat over a couch and sat down. He left a minute later to talk with someone on the other side of the room, and immediately an elderly, unsmiling lady rushed up and whisked the coat off to a cloak room on the next floor. That’s all. Another unfinished mystery. Did the student find his coat? Did he evef MISS his coat? Will he be able to rescue it from the very jaws of oblivion ? Tune in tomorrow at this same time ...
But one thing we are sure of is that the lady never smiled. She hung around during the whole program positively radiating gloom. We wish one of the girls who live there would please try to cheer her up. Make her laugh. ANYTHING to make her laugh! Try swiping her coat. ♦ * * Quite a buzz of wonderment rose in the room when one of the guest pianists removed his shoes before taking his seat at the keyboard. Foi* those who are interested, we wish to state that there IS a reason for this. It seems that when he gets to pounding out songs, especially “Boogie-Woogie” numbers, he has a habit of tapping the floor with his toes—-and in no moderate manner, either. It makes a bopping sound that travels across the floor, up into the mike, and, unfortunately, out over the airwaves. The simplest solution of the problem according to those “in the know” is for him to remove his shoes and do his tapping in his stocking feet. ... with an eye peeled for tacks, we hope. * * I" Musicians, to us, have always been people of a dif-
Ptirdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office to Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ContcTMO of Mai^ 8. 1879, and at the special rate of iHistEiee provided for in section 1106, aot of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922.' Pnblished daily except Monday durtog the regular academic year and ■weekly during the Summeor Session. Delivnred locally by carrier for J8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editorial Board
R. E. Inaley W. E. Smith.
Bdltor-to-Ghiet Business Manager
D. G. Terrio G. W. Frederick E. M. Antontoi G. Schilling R. Jenkins
.^.Senior
.Editorial Direetor Managing Editor Advertising Manager .Oo-ed Editor Sports Editor
Editorial R. F. DeHoog R. W. Donahue D. K. Hetola J.H.HeKea M. L. Mien J. C. WUbey D. J.
Junior Staff BiudnesB R. Fisher R.HaU A. Hite M. Hagem^er T. Petty G. Cox, See. Henntnger, Art
Sperts J. F. Dolan S. D. Mamnls M. M. Rh^ards Co-ed M. Bnrtsfleld O. OarroU B. Simpson Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
1 Business ' 5038
REPRESKNTBD. EOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising S^ce, Inc. CoHege Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. CHICASO ’ BOSTON • LOS AROELES ■ SAN FRANCISCO This newBiMper 1* written, edited «nd inibUihed by undergraduate stndenta of Purdue Untreivity. All optolong to it, unless otherwise accredited, are student oinnions, and do not necessarily coincide with, the official UniverslW viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Wednesday, December 6, 1939 Night Editor DeHoog Issue Editor—Fletcher
ferent world, but now we are sure we don’t understand them at all. After a short rehearsal number, we distinctly heard the first saxophone player rise and condemn his brother musicians with, “You’re trying to play it pretty and it ain’t supposed to be played pretty.” '* * * Well, it’s THEIR band, not ours. ■ ^ ^ ^ Not to change the subject, but we would like to caution the Gimlets to make sure tKey initiate the right guys. We’ve seen a couple of Silver Mask boys that are looking plenty worried.
Personnel Notes
COMPANY: National Carbon Company, Cleveland, Ohio. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. F. Israel, Works Manager’s Department. VISITING PURDUE: Soon. INTERVIEWING: Chemical, Metallurgical, Mechanical, and Electrical Engineers and Graduates majoring in Physics. Interviews will be limited to men selected by the Heads . of Schools. Those interested, please sign up in the main office of their school. The Procter & Gamble Company, manufacturers of Ivory and other soaps, desire to employ a number of juniors from the Schools of Chemical, Mechanical, and Electrical Engineering, for summer work. Juniors in these schools, interested in summer work with this Company, please read the bulletin avail-, able in the main office of their school and sign up for consideration. William H. McLean, Assistant Professor of Industrial Management, Harvard University Graduate School of Business Administration, will visit Purdue on Tuesday, December 12, to interview Purdue seniors who are interested in knowing more about the graduate Mhool of Business Administration ^ Harvard. A catalog describing the school and the courses in business administration is available at the Personnel Office. Those interested are asked to examine the catalog and arrange for interview with Professor McLean.
COMPANY: Westinghouse Electric ..& Manufacturing Company, Pittsburgh, Pa. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. J. H. Belknap, Manager of Technical Employment and Training. VISITING PURDUE: Soon. INTERVIEWING: Mechanical, Electrical, and Chemical Engineering seniors interested in engineering design, sales and commercial work. Those employed will be given a training course in manufacturing, testing, and office departments. A description of this training course is available in the main offices of the Mechanical, Electrical, and Chemical Engineering Schools. Those interested should read this material and sign up for consideration. COMPANY: Pollock Paper & Box Company, Dallas, Texas. CORRESPONDENT: Mr. Harold L. Goodearee, Technical Director. Mr. Goodearee desires applications from Mechanical, Chemical, Electrical engineers, or Science Graduates majoring in Chemistry, who are interested in learning the wax paper business. The training course is available to applicants whose scholastic averages place them in the upper half of their class. General office and main plant of this company is in Dallas, Texas, with manufacturing plants also at Cincinnati, Atlanta, Birmingham, and Houston. Those interested, please sign up in the main office of their school. The names of those selected will be sent to Mr. Goodeare for consideration.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichfy
Uniyersity Livestock (Continued from page 1) The University Livestock judging team, judging four classes of animals—^horses, sheep, hogs and cattle—won 18th place. The team is composed" of Spencer Bogue, John W. Greenburg, Robert L. Hamilton, Carroll Irvin and Byron D. Thatcher and is coached by Prof. W. W. Smith, of the Animal Husbandy department. Home Ec Survey Classes Will Hear Kraft Employee Home economic’s survey class will hear Miss Ruth Christophersen, HE ’37, who is assistant home economist with the Kraft Phenix Cheese Corporation,, tomorrow at 11 o’clock in the home economics auditorium. The speaker will discuss opportunities in the field of commercial foods along with the training and qualifications required for this type of food work. Miss Christophersen has been with the Kraft Phenix Company since graduation and is at present assistant to Miss Mary Denke, head of the company’s home economics department. Visitors are welcome to attend the class.
Bob Hastings, Theta Chi, and Bill Sharpies spent the entire afternoon in charge of the Alpha Phi Omega fingerprinting bure^ just waiting for a co-ed to show up . . , the wolves. It was a good excuse to hold hands, but no co-eds showed up and are they burned up! —B&B— Union Vice-prexy Brodd and Junior “Debris” Business Manager Van Horn were not only busy with Zack Mosley and the Beauty Contest this past week end, but they were also absorbed with their own little deicers from Saint Mary-of-the-Woods. Some babes! —B & B— Beauty Jeannette Haynes l^ad no reason to be flabbergasted ’cause she was selected as one of the queens, but all she could say was oh-h-h-h-h my-y-y-y-y. —B & B— . . . which proves that there are still some'iqo-eds on this campus who are modest! —B&B— Open letter to Jimmy Hunter from a friend: Dear Jim: I hear that you are making a play for a co-ed engineer. I am surprised at you for you should know better, because it is bad enough going with the usual run of co-eds—and now you wanna go with an engineer, tsk, tsk. They are too smart, and smart girls are no fun. You can thank me later. Goodbye. Abraham Zilch.
aruL ?(siA,
After a long silence spent in learning a few finer points in the art of homemaking, here we are again ready to spend a little time pecking the keys. The social calender looks a bit crowded up until the much awaited Christmas vacation. Sigma Delta Chi boys are making this week-end a big one with the annual Riveter’s Rassle, super costume ball of the year! —H&H— We were supposed to hear the other day that a number of students on campus did not know of the recent marriage of Betty Jo Sexton to Bill Berry. The wedding took place on October 21st at the bride’s home in Jasonville, Indiana, and the couple are now living in Bridgeport, Connecticut. Betty Jo, who graduated dast year, was a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma, Mortar Board, Gold Peppifers, and vice-pres-ident of WSGA, ' Bill, a ’38 graduate, was an Iron Key, Kappa Sig, and Junior Debris editor.
Your Friends Can Buy Anything That You Can Give Them; Except Your Photograph NINE AS
634 Main Street
Phone 7775
ARC
-I^AST TIMES TODAYClrcHt Lay|M
' —AND — 'SUNSET TRAIL' —wrni — WILLIAM BOYD
—ALSO'RED BARRY/
Serial
THURS. - FRI. - SAT. "JONES FAMILY IN HOLLYWOOD” "RACKETEERS OF THE RANGE” "ZORRO'S FIGHTING LEGION”
STUDENTS AND CO-EDS BEGINNER'S DANCE CLASS OPENS TONIGHT 7:30 p.m. INDIANA'S LARGEST FINEST DANCING SCHOOL PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th and Ferry
huhm —ONE DAY ONLY— SATURDAY, DEC. 9 MATINEE AND NIGHT New York Stage Suttess
I
Starring TAYLOR HOLMES
and an excellent cast including
■RANDOM TOMMY *'“**.^ PETERS • LEWIS'FRANCIS
"The best comedy I've seen in years,"
—GEO. M.
A STAGE PLAY.
COHAN
NOT A PICTURE
Box Office Open Daily 11:00 A. M. to 9:00 P. M.
AnU Mat. S.55 $.83 $1.10 $1.65 ADMs^ve.
All Seats Reserved Phone 7903 300 MATINEE SEATS AT55c———
‘—and would you put on: “Alterations going on inside as usual!”
Although the number of boys at Indiana may not equal the number of lads at this institution, the younger generation at our sister school really gets around. One frat^nity pledge told us that the Greek letter groups require their pledges to have a certain number of dates a week—usually one oh Wednesday, Friday and Saturday nights, and Sunday afternoon plus several informal afternoon coke dates during the week. The sorority pledges are also required to get out and meet the boys. Sounds like a super idea—-for ^ country club anyhow. —H&H— We heai; that Danny Heiple and John Willsey are starting a special consultant service to help the coeds chose their formals. After running around to several formal dances and attending the beauty contest, the lads decided that girls do not know how to pick formals. They think the cp-eds hurry into p store, see a pretty gown, and buy it without considering how it will look on them. Result: co-eds look terrible in formals. So the boys are
going to do something about the whole affair. Appointments for a sonsultation may be made by telephone with either one of the boys. —H & H— Famous First Thought; A bore is the fellow who, When you ask him how he feels, tells you.
$10 TO $20 WEEKLY Prominent Eastern Shoe Manufacturer, producing complete line of dress and feature shoes, styled for the campus, wants well connected representative at Purdue University. The right man can cover full college expenses as our representative. We will supply full instructions and complete line of samples and equipment. Write stating qualifications. Knapp Brothers Brockton, Mass.
MA^ TOMORROW - FRIDAY
2 DAYS ONLY
A ParambunI Picture ilorring Bob Hope • Paulette Goddard —LAST TIMES TODAY— WILLIAM POWELL MYRNA LOY —-IN — "ANOTHER THIN MAN''
LiniA —LAST DAY— EDW. G. ROBINSON — IN — ''BLACKMAIL'' — AND — MICHAEL WHALEN LYNN BARI — IN — 'PARDON OUR NERVE'
THURS. - FRI. - SAT, WAR TIME DRAMA .... "U-BOAT 29" — ALSO — GENE AUTRY — IN — 'MOUNTAIN RHYTHM'
-TODAYTWO SMASH HITS
James CAGNEY
George RAFT
IN —
STARTS THURSDAY unuuniiimiinnininiiirirniiMiiiiii] ImEN IN WHITEI I WOMEN IN LOVEI B Young Dr. Kildoro's motr ^ ^ dangerous easel Twtee^ g os many thrills I
M LEW nn, bownaib
AnesBanvinoM
nONAL ATWIU . HEiIn OIUUERT
LIONEL
NATPENOUTON . URAINR DAY LAST DAY-—-
DEANNE DURBIN — IN — TIRST LOVE'
''EACH DAWN I DIE" —PLUS— ANN SHERIDAN DEAD END KIDS — IN — ANGELS WASH THEIR FACES STARTS THURSDAY DOUBLE FEATURE IT’S TQRCHY'S best ADVENTURE! iTteRCHy PUliVS I I WITH pyHAMfirl
UlEN lENKINS-TOMKENIIEDY.SHnU BKOWEY — PLUS — THE PHANTOM STRIKES — WITH — LOUISE HENRYWednesday, December 6, 1939
£xfU)mnJL SfioijtA. fiaqsL
* •
T^eta Qhi Splashmen Hold Lead In Fraternity Swimming Meet With one record broken and several gallons of water splashed out of the pool, the fraternity tankmen yesterday finished the first half of their annual interfratemity swimming meet in the Fieldhouse tank. The Theta Chi splashsters led the lads at the half-way mark by virtue of a first and second place for a total of nine points; while Delta Chi, Pi Kappa Alpha, and Alpha Tau Omega were all tied for seconds place with five points apiece. Leaders Start Early . .
The Theta Chi mermen didnit waste any time in breaking into * the point coliunn as they went right to work and took charge of the opening 160 yard medley relay. Just to make things a little more secure. Bill Shimers added a second in the 100 yard backstroke. The three houses tied for second place picked up their total by winning firsts in the other three events that were run through yesterday. Clint Archer garnered a first for Delta Chi when he splashed his way to a victory in the 100 yard backstroke, Bill Wells added five points in the 100 yard breaststroke for the Alpha Tau Omegas, and Bill Snead handed Pi Kappa Alpha a brace of points by finishing up way ahead of the rest of the field in the 100 yard free style. New Record It was Bill Snead that provided
the main fireworks of the afternoon when he smashed the interfraternity 100 yard free-style record. Bill crawled his way through four lengths of the pool in 67.6 seconds to beat the mark of 68.2 seconds set by Alfred Risser last, year. The remaining four events will be run off this afternoon in the following order: 60 yard free-style at 4:10; fancy diving at 4:26; 220 yard free style at 4:60; and the 200 yard relay at 6:10. Summary of Events IBO Yard Medley—Ist, Theta Chi, (Shinier, Fapanoh, and Welder) , 2nd, Kappa Sigma , 3rd, Phi Kappa Sigma Time, 1:49 2 100 Yard Back Stroke—Ist, Clint Archer, (Delta Chi) : 2nd, Bill Shimer, (Theta Chi) ; 3rd, Ted Rosehrock, (Lambda Chi Alpha). Time. 1:14 5 100 Yard Breast Stroke—let. Bill Wells, (Alpha Tau Omega) J 2nd, Warren Miller, , (Theta Tau). Time, 180 2. 100 Yard Free Style—1st, Bill Snead, (Pi Kappa Alpha) ; 2nd, Jim Kruech, (Alpha Gamma Rho) , Srd, Bill Nielson, (Sigma Pi) Time, 57 6. (New record—old record, 58 2).
BLOSSOMS SACHET AND ENGLISH LAVENDER BY
• Fragrance reminiscent of the stimulating freshness of a country lane, A truly charming way of sending Christmas cheer! In our Yardley Shop S’! O5 .,.the Set l‘
LOEB (.HENGCOMMHY
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A RISK DR. LUTHER A. AISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• jewelers
• Dine
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5e
o Locksmith
• Hardware
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse —Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Dairy Products
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
iiatdsUiL QkoixjL By Robert J. Deckard The smell of perspiring, al-most-naked bodies; the bounce of leather versus hardwood; the yells of high - pitched, harsh - throated basketball - minded nuts, all will be familiar when the current net campaign really gets under way this winter in college goalri^s. * —^fc— A basketball game will still be played with a ball, two baskets, a referee or two, and five men on a side this year, but the revision of rules has changed the setup slightly. Rules that are intended to reduce the fouling and minimize the disadvantages that many claimed existed under last year’s regulations, have been inaugurated. -^c— A complete list of rule revisions as announced for this year follows: One—The court’s end line will be four feet from the face of the backboard, with the exception being that where the physical limitations of the fioor do not permit such an extension . . . Nevertheless, a twofoot minimum is required. '' —f<>-Two->-In the specifications of the ball a slight change has been made relative to its resiliency. —^fc— Three—Following a free throw from a technical foul the sphere is to be awarded to the squad which was given the free throw, the ball to be put in bounds at midcourt. —^fc— Four—^When a personal foul is called, the offended team has the option of trying to make a free throw or of putting the ball in play from out-of-bounds.
Riveter Gruntmen Compete In Chicago Wrestling Meet V7ith the AAU meet scheduled for this Friday and Saturday at McKinley Park in Chicago, Coach Claude Reeck is drilling his squad of 40 matmen nightly with the possibility of starting the season with a victory. Last year Michigan, Indiana, Wisconsin, Ohio State, and Chicago were in this meet, putting the competition in the same class as the Big Ten wiestling tournament. Many New Faces Returning lettermen have bolstered the Boilermakef team, but many new faces have appeared in the grunt and groan practice room in the quest for varsity positions. As planned now several freshmen will make the trip to Chicago. The team that will make the trip follows: 121 lb. class, Fredricks and Boyd; 136 lb., Foster and Allmen; 146 lb., Parpurca; 166 lb., Captain Norm Willey and Beuhler; 176 lb., Aronson, and in the heavyweight class, one of the Rossi brothers and Rugeri. In addition to this AAU match, three non-conference meets and six Big Ten encounters are scheduled.
Five—^Ten-minute quarters instead of 20-minute halves for college teams is optional. —^fc— Six—^If a player in the act of throwing for goal is fouled from behind or roughly handled from any direction, two free throws will be awarded whether the field goal is made or not. —^fc— Seven—Any player on the team can call time out instead of just the captain of the team as in the past.
Netmen Perfect Passing For Fracas With Teachers Determined to patch up the many defects which were all too apparent in Monday night's encounter with the frosh. Piggy Lambert put the varsity netters through an intensive practice session last night on the Fieldhouse hardwood. Passing, predominately weak against the green potters, was stressed along with the Lambert-famed fast break. Set formations were worked over, and the cagemen brushed up on plays working the ball under the basket.
Call for Sophomore Basketball Managers A call has been issued for sophomore basketball managers. Those turning out for the position will work until June, at which time one sophomore is to be chosen as the junior basketball manager for the following year and senior manager during his senior year. Letters will be awarded in June to those that are considered to deserve them. Anyone interested in this managerial activity should report to D. G. Malcolm, the senior basketball manager, in the Fieldhouse. I-M Schedules BASKETBALL Today Court 1—N HjlL 7 00—Ward 10 vs Ward 31. Court 2—Smithson 7 00—Ward 11 vs Ward 27. 7 15—^Ward 12 vs Ward 8 8 15—^Ward 5 vs Ward 32 8.30—^Ward 37 vs. Ward 22 Court 3—^Aronson 7 00—Ward 35 vs Ward 28. 7 15—Ward 8 vs. Ward 30. 8 15—^Ward 7 vs Ward 23 8 30—Ward 14 vs Ward 24. ^
PRACTICE SQUASH Today Court 1— 7 :00—Alpha Tau Omega. 8 "OO—^Theta Chi Court 2— 7 00—Sigma Nu 8 00—Kappa Sigma Court 3— 7*00—I>ambda Chi Alpha 8 00—Phi Delta Theta
He’s Here Agaiii Do Your Xmas Shopping Early Merchants are ready with the finest display of Christmas merchandise ever assembled. The streets are ahlaze with colorful lights—the shops decked in gay holiday attire. The whole city is transformed into a festival of merry making. This is a picture of Lafayette. Do your shopping in Lafayette before going home Christmas. r— / PATRONIZE LOCAL MERCHANTS
The team is working hard to smooth out the irregularities in timing which showed up in the Frosh battle, and should be m fine shape to meet the Western Illinois State Teachers' quintet when they invade the Bpilermaker Fieldhouse tomorrow night. Last season, the Gold and Black netmen completed a non-conference record of six wins against one defeat by defeating Western Ilhnois State Teachers handily by the score of 62-30. Dickinson and Bosse paced the Purdue squad with eleven and nine points, respectively, in last year’s battle, and this year’s leaders in the first real battle of the year will be out of the hands of fate in a few more hours. Probable Starters The Varsity-Frosh battle gave little opportunity for what is generally conceded to be the top five to see much action, with sophomores Sprowl, Blanken and Tierney leading the varsity five to the 71-64 victory. Ward Lambert, basketball mentor, has not as yet decided upon the opening lineup for the coming tussle, but at the present time Fisher, Yeager, Beretta, and sophomores Sprowl, Blanken and Tierney are conceded favorites to open up Thursday night’s game. Play-Off To Decide Winner Of Billiard Tournament The third University billiard tournament is in its last stages, with a two-way tie resulting between Jack Smalley and Preston Weisenan, each having won six games and lost one. The play-off to decide the winner will be played tomorrow at 7:30 p. m.
MEN’S BOWLING TOURNAMENT Today 7 00—Purdue Reamer Club vs. Phi ICappa. Phi Sigma Kappa vs Phi Delta Theta, Phi Kappa Psi vs Delta Tau Delta 9 00—Sigma Phi Epsilpn vs Delta Chi: Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Delta Upsilon, Theta Xi vs. Alpha Sigma Phu
TIE COLORS ' ■ 2^,§^THE SEASOK
Here are fashion-firsts in Fall ties—ties that have just the right color combination to set off those new Fall suits. They ate symbols of distinction in men's wear, because of their original patterns and rich color effects These new Beau Brummell ties drape gracefully, “tie-up” beautifully. Beau Brummell ties come up smiling after long servicel Our displays will delight your eye. Come in todoy. MADE IN U S. A.■
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday. December 6.
80 Percent Of Students Oppose Laws Restricting Hitch Hiking
By Joe Beldon Editor, Student Opinion Surveys of America The ride “thumber” should not be banned from the highway. That is the verdict pronounced in a nationwide poll of college and university students, perhaps the largest group of Americans who use the hitch hiking manner of travel.. An overwhelming majority of the collegians—four out of every five —believe that laws against Hitch hiking should not be on the statute books, according to the results of the latest study of campus attitudes conducted by the Student Opinion Surveys of America. , It is of intei’est to note that in those parts of the country where cities are more widely scattered, and w’here travel is therefore more difficult, greater percentages of students opposed such laws.
Forty Boxers Work Out In Fieldhouse Under Joe Benna Forty Boilermaker pugilists have responded to the call for boxing material. Joe Benna is the instructor in the art of self-defense and anyone interested is urged to report for instruction. As yet, there is no Riveter boxing team that competes with other teams, but Noble Kizer is now considering the establishment of such a team. Intramural competition and the Golden Glove bouts give ample' opportunity for anyone to prove his skill in the ring at the present time, however. $ Ut)0.(L TbuvA. By Donna Siess Eliding the course with a grand flourish, members of the WAA Gampefaft group will hold a final meeting Sunday afternoon at 3 tlb at the WAA cabin. At this time a rabbit and fowl supper will be prepared and served by the members. Throughout the year instruction has been given in first aid, fire building, canip-making, and other campcrafts.
The Southern states, compi’ising the largest of the six sections into which the U. S. is divided in this scientific cross-section, voiced the loudest disapproval when students wei-e asked, “Do you favor laws prohibting hitch hiking?” New England students, who live in the smallest of the sections, were the most in favor. Nationally, the results were: For banning hitch hiking—20 per cent. Against banning—80 per cent. In this poll on hitch hiking it is also evident that it ijS the working student who more consistently objects to moves by several legislatures to prohibit the man with the varsity sweater and the stickerpasted traveling bag from trying his luck on the road.
All students are invited to attend the Dolphin-Triton Aquacade Saturday, December 16, at 8 p. m, in the Fieldhouse. Tickets are 40 cents and may be purchased from any Dolphin or Triton member. —WAA— WAA Schedule Volleyball games are being held at 4 p. m. thi’oughout this week in the Women’s Gymnasium. This evening Kappa Kappa Gamma is scheduled to play Alpha Chi Omega; Thaeles will encounter Alpha Xi; and WRH-S will play WRH-W C. Ward n vs. Ward IV, WRH-W A vs. Alpha Chi Omega, and WRH-W B vs. Alpha Xi are scheduled for games Thursday. —WAA— , Featured on the WAA calendar: WAA Riflery Tournament will begin Thursday night. Co-eds having fulfilled the requirement of six practices ai’e eligible for participation. A schedule of the shootings will be announced later. , —WAA— Fencing practices are being held Monday and'Friday at 4 o’clock under the direction of Miss Marjorie Case of the Physical Education; Department. —WAA— Every Monday and Friday at 4 p. m., practices in Ijadminton are being- held. All girls interested in entering the tournament to be held later this semester are urged to attend these practices..
You'll score a hit with "Robia Hood Ojlogne Four ounces at only
• One of Lucien Lelong’s brightest,most adventuresome colognes — sparkling with the daring of Robin Hood himself. A rollicking fragrance, worth a queen’s ransom — but modestly priced indeed.
DECKER’S
518-20 Main Street
Phone 6437
Mixed recreation is being sponsored Friday, December 8, by Sportswomen. Co-eds are invited to come and bring dates. All equipment will be available for use. Admission is free to co-eds and 10 cents to eds.
Notices
No noticca will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Ushers and Police: The following police and ushers report in the Fieldhouse Thursday, December 7, at 5:30 p. m. r P. L. Anderson, P. B. Anthony, N. Apple baum, M. Aronson, T. Axton, R. E. Bailey, W. B. Banker, T. Barto, R. O. Biedenweg, G. E. Blackburn, L. J. Braver, R. O. Briggs, W. E. Britt, B. J. Brock, L. Brock, J. R. Brown, J. S. Brown, Wm. Buffington, L. G. Bussell, M. Byelene, F. J. Bykowski, A. B. Carroll, W. R. Carson, M. Carter, J, R. Cary, I. H. Claseman, R. A. Claseman, Wm. Combs, W. Cook, E. H; Cooper, K. Correll, I. D. Crumely, F. Danowski, J. J. Denzler, L. DeWitte, J. Dickman, Wm. Donnelly, J. Borgi, E. Dose, E. R. Doty, J. A. Ed7 wards, Wm. Eviston, F. Fijala, B. L. Fisher, J. E. Galvin, M. C. Gantz, A. V. Gaulkey, J. Green, R. R. Green, E. E. Hagan, A. C. Harmsen, T. Hennis, N. Hill, J. Hillenbrand, J. A. Janish, L. A, Johnson, R. K. Johnson. R. C. Joorfetz, Don Kemp, R. Kersey, T. P. Kieffer, Fred Kinder, C. G. Kjelberg, F. J. Krampe, D. Lowe, W. L. Leifheit, F. W. McCaffry. E. Mcllwain, K. C. McLaughlin, J. R. McMuftry, F. T. Mackiewicz, F. Meinke, L. E. T. Melton, J. H. . Miller, P. Mitchell, F. Montague, A. Morningstar, R. J. Myers, Wm. Neff, E. O’Bryan, D. Ogilvie, J. Pence, P. L. Petrich., B. E. Petry, J. Petty, R. C. Potter, Wm. Powers, D. Rankin, J. W. Ridgeway, R. Riggs, R. son, V. Snyder-, C. P. Sparks, R. L. StallH. Schumacher, W. A. Seaborg, Wm. Shimer, G. Riley, A. N. Rossi, J. A. Rossi, J. Rush, G. Shulman, Walter F. Smith, F. Smithings, M. L. Stanim, R. Stephenson, W. Stroyeck, W. J. Sumner, T. Tykocki, B. Van Aken, R. Vyverberg, E. J. Wadleigh, B. R. Warren, W. J. Waterhouse, F. E. Wickburg, F. Winchell, J. inchell, D. Winner, J. L. olfard, D. L. Yeager. E. B. Young. —SANDERS. PIA Dance Class: Ninth lesson will be given in Union ballroom at 4 p. m. Wednes-
day, ■ December 6. Everyone please attend. —LUTZ.
Union Sophomores. New browsing room staff please report outside Union office. Those expected are Knight, Starek, Alberton, Graf, Miller, Starkey, Fellows, Reifers, Evans, Bachelder, Todd, and Trexler. —HAMMAN.
Independent Staff: Publication date for next issue is Monday, December 11. Copy deadline, 9 :30 p._ m., Wednesday, December 6. Night Editor, Selkowitz; issue editor, Hess. —ARCHIBALD.
cember 6, at 7 p. m. for initiation. Pledges bring necessary supplies and $B.B0. ■ —FRAZEE.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting in Agriculturist office of Uriion Friday, Deceniber 8, at 4 :30 p. m. —SHICKEL. Chess Club: Regular meting of Chess Club Wednesday, December 6, at 7 p. m. in the game room. —GOFF. YWCA Cabinet: Report in office Wednesday afternoon between 4 and 5 p. m. to get student-faculty dinner tickets to sell and names of yonr Advisory Board guest. . —COOLEY.
Cary Club, SC A Members: Find seats on south side of playing floor at basketball games Thursday, December 7, and Monday, December 11. —BOHLIN, BREWER.
Alpha Phi Omega: Executive meeting Wednesday, December 6, at 8 p, m. in room F of the Union. —McCAMMON.
YWCA Social Committee; Very short meeting Wednesday, December 6, at 4 p. m. in the women’s lounge In the Union. Meeting about student-faculty dinner. —WATTLEWORTH.
PIA Dance Class: The class will meet Wednesday, December 6, at 4, p. m., in the Union ballroom. Everyone please attend. —LUTZ.
Delta Rho Kappa: Initiation and banquet Wednesday, December 6, at 6 p. m. in the Old Chestnut room. —^ESTEY.
All Horticulture Students: The horticulture banquet will be held Thursday, December 7, at 6 p. m. in the Home Economics cafeteria. Get your free tickets from the Horticulture office immediately. You will get out in time for the basketball game. —FRANTZREB,
ASME Members: Meeting Wednesday, December 6, at 7:30 p. m., room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering building. Membership cards and pins will be given at the conclusion of the meeting: ' - —BRYAN.
ASME Members: Meeting Wednesday, December 6, at 7:30 p. m. in' Mechanical building, room 108. Membership cards and pins, which are here for most of the members, will be distributed at the conclusion of the meeting. —BRYAN.
Student Senate: Please come to Senate office and sign the hours during which you can work at the election, Tuesday, December 12. —ESTEY. WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday, December 7, at 7 :45 p. m. in room A of the Union. —SICKMAN.
GE 36: Examination for removal of G grades in Machine Shop, GE 3B, will be given Saturday, December 16, room 101, Golden Shops. Students taking examination will register in room 109 before Friday, December IB. —OWEN.
Classified
Delta Rho Kappa: Pledges, Initiation 6 :30 p. m. Wednesday, December 6, room F of the Union. —ESTEY.
Reamer Bowling Team: The following meet in the Union alleys to bowl at 7 p. m. Wednesday, December 6, and bring fifty cents: Hebbeler, Hinshaw, Jelnick, Johnson (alternate), and Eeiley. Five men must be there. —ARCHIBALD.
Purdue Radio Guild: Meeting Saturday, December 9, at 4:16 p. m. in the old Ag office of the Union. Program. —MILLER.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Tsqiewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
RUSS’ RENT-A-CAR SERVICE. Phone 71644 after 6. p. m. Minimum $2.00—$2.50. All night.
Gimlet: All pledges and actives meet at Sigma Phi Epsilon house Wednesday, De-
POR RENT—Large double room near Fieldhouse. Outside entrance. Phone 65083.
MOTHER NEEDS THESE DAYS for her Christmas planning. Don’t add to her worries by sending home yonr washing. Send it to American !
Phone 3085
just did! The Story: Take away today’s lighted airways; take away radio beams and you’re back in the ’20’s .. . with the hard-shelled pilots who flew the mail “by the seat of their pants.’’ Here’s a novel of one reckless flyer who inherited a bankrupt airline, a handful of insubordinate pilots, and a girl manager who predicted he’d have to grow up—or crack up. The Author: When an expert flyer is also an expert writer-^that’s Leland Jamieson! Millions of Post readers know his short stories. His first full-length novel is part autobiography, part fiction—all superb entertainment. Right now, as High Frontier hops off, Gapt. Jamieson is at the wheel of a DC-3 somewhere between Miami and New York, where he regularly flies day and night runs. HIGH FRONTIER by LELAND JAMIESON
“TOO YELLOW TO PLAY FOOTBALL?” He was on the sidelines now. He was the guy who had broken Billy Cooper’s leg. The guy 85,000 people were waiting to boo. And today was Game Day. A short story by Paul O’Neil on page 22 of this week’s Post. THE PLAIN PEOPLE FACE THE WAR. The writer, John W. Vandercook, recently talked with French shopkeepers, peasants, heard their stories ;^hen motored into Germany and spent hours -with Nazi small-town leaders. New insight on how the common people of two countries are taking it. HOLLYWOOD HUSBANDS HAVE S0>0>0 MANY PROBLEMS! Reuben Rosen, Hollywood’s Boy Wonder, was a wow at changing scripts into happy endings. But could he kill his wife’s infatuation for her new leading man? (Quick, get the script-girl!) A short story. Suggestion for a Happy Ending, by Edith Fitzgerald.
WILD COYOTES BREAKFASTED WITH US! Snowed in eight months of the year, seven thousand feet up in the High Sierras, the author of this unusual nature article and her husband actually taught wild coyotes “table manners”! Read The Coyotes Come, MARRY FOR LOVE-REPENT AT LEISURE. A boy of nineteen maBrying a woman of thirty-one? It won’t last, people were saying. But the wife, desperately in love, had the courage to find out. Read Please Let Me Come Home, by Helen Deutsch. IT WAS SMART TO BE RED. Eugene Lyons gives you a Who’s Who of Communism’s dlite... how they line up unsuspecting professors, naive clergymen, writers, and “society” folk as a front for their propaganda. AND ... Short stories by Maurice Walsh and David Lamson; articles, poems, editorials, Post Scripts and cartoons. All in this week’s issue of The Saturday Evening Post.
■ *
I
Nf;