>}
'S' ^ 4 ~ 1
®hc PurnuE
/> - ^ V iS'^
PubUshed Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLDMS XLVin
LAPAYEtTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, PE9|tDARY 8,1987
NDMmSRSI
Plan Diesel Conference For ^’eb. 15-26 Sehedule Commereiill Flxhibit In Conjunction With School Plans have been completed for a ten-day intensive short course, that the University will oflfer on the care and operation of modem oil and Diesel engines, February 16 to 26, according to an announcement made today. Several manufacturing concerns are co-operating with the University in supplying equipment that will be used in connection with the course. Instruction The course is so designed that two lecture room sessions Vrill be held each day with an additional four to SIX hours of actual demonstration work on engines, parts, and accessories. The various methods of manufacturing engines and their uses will be shown by movies. The course will be in session from Monday to Friday each of the two weeks, with no classes scheduled for February 20 and 21. Staff The entire cost of the two weeks’ of instruction and the necessary textbooks is $15. The instruction will be provided by University staff members in the schools of electrical and mechanical engineering. Although the course is being offered primarily to residents of Indiana, citizens of other states may attend. Applications for the course ^are now being received at the Uni^^ersity, and due to crowded conditions the enrollment will necessarily be limited. Applications should be sent to Prof. H. M. Jacklin, School of Mechanical Engineering, Purdue University, West Lafayette, Ind. WBAA
11:60—^Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—^Farm Facts for Farm FV>lk8. 12:16—^Luncheon Dance Time. 12:80—^Melody Time. 12:46—Noon Musicale. 1:00-ciMeditation8—^Rev. E. Ainslie. 1:16—Ihe Traveler, British Isles. 1:80—Birth of the News, 1:46—^Markets, J. R. Hays. 2:00—^Weather Reports. 2:16—^Musical Album. 2:80—Bongs and Mriodies, 2:46—^Tanc on Indian Life. 8:00—^Afternoon Melodies. 8:15—^Men Behind the Classics. 8:80—^Afternoon Musicale. 8:46—^You and Your Government, Mr. L. M. Vogler.
Two New Courses Offered To Co-eds Ywo new courseb are being offered this semester for co-eds working for teacher’s licenses in physical education by the department of physical education for women. The courses, “The Modern Dance’’ and “Games And Group Dances,’’ being taught by Miss Ellis are part of the development of the department’s teachers’ training course. The course is elective also to anyone wishing a one-hour credit course. Co-eds working for licenses are to be the guests of the staff at a gettogether tonight in the Women’s Gym at 7:30 o’clock. About sixty( co-eds are expected to attend the informal party and take part in the games and entertainment.
February 8, 1937 CAN’T possibly imagine how I happened to wind up with six eight o’clocks, no afternoons off, and four Saturday classes . . . that wasn’t the way I worked it oiit at home.., —80—“ AND say... hasn’t our registration headquarters gone modem? New set-up for the deputies . . . longer class card line . . . and a public address system for paging. _30— WHICH all reipinds me of “Boss’’ Harvey Cline (Armory doorman) and his telephone conversation yesterday. It seems that Harvey was shouting and waving his arms at the mouthpiece, vehementlijr “bawling out’’ the person at the other end of the line when Prof. Hall (Harvey’s Stooge according to Harvey), of the History department remarked, “That must be President Elliott he’s talking to!’’ THOSE Union show tryouts apparently have “discovered” some real talent in the lads and lassies of ole Purdue. This “Cas^ilea In The Air" tv a real treat for the campus ... ’^"’30"*'"* When msf sehedula'a all worked out, And approved by all the Some guy closes up a section, Then Pdo it all again. —Shakespeare (1987) —80—w GOING over on the trolley last night a certain ed stood up and gave a prettir ee-ed hie seat. She fainted. On recovering she thanked him ,.. then he lainted .. .
Fire Destroys Fantone Home 16 Students Homeless: Suffer Large Loss Of Personal Property Fire, breaking out in the basement of the former American Com■nons Club home, 629 Universitj street, spread rapidly to cause unestimated damage not only to the structure but to the property of the 19 people living there. The large frame building is owned by Prof. R. E. Nelson, of the chemistry department and is occupied by Mrs. B. P. Fantone. Sixteen students, besides Mrs. Fantone and her two daughters were living in the house at the time of the fire. Chemicals Fail The four men representing the West Lafayette Fire department first tried to quench the fiames by the use of chemicals, but were unsuccessful and by the time a water hose had been laid, the fire had broken out on the second floor. A truck and the assistant chief of the Lafayette fire department arrived about 2:45 and by 3:30 the combined forces had the flames well under control. The fire is thought to have started in the pupev and kindling Isdng near the furnace, for when first discovered by Mrs. Fantone, the blasse had sprevd through the kindling and into the coal bin. Complete Loss Practically everything on the first floor was lost, but some of the water und smoke soaked clothipg on the upper floor was salvaged Five <¥f the fellows stated that they hadiost practically eversrthing they had with the exception of the clothing which they were wearing. They didn't see how it would he possible now for them to go to school this semester. None of the students carried insurance on their personal property; Mrs. Fantone’s property was only partially covered; and Prof. Nelson stated that he had complete coverage.
Seventeen Co-eds To Tryout For Orchesis Rhythmic skill and the presentation, of a short original dance are the phints on which co-eds wishing to become members of Orchesis will be judged ip the tryouts at 4 o’clock today in the Women’s Gym. Seventeen girls hpve signed np and will dance for the judges, Floy Crepps, Ruth Hadley, Helen Howard, pnd Fay Pendergrass. Those approved will become members of the club and receive WAA credit and voting points.
Three University Students Help In Flood Rescue Work
By W. A. Kro^^n The flood has its heroes at Purdue. Last week Lindsey licwis. Bob Shellhamer, Bill Weller, and Jeff Sherman left the atmosphere of exams to take up some real work. Leaving here Sunday, January 24, at 4 p. m., for Indianapolis, they encountered little difficulty until they reached Scottsburg. At the outskirts of that city their car was stalled and with their military boots acting as sieves, letting only the water in, they pushed the car 100 yards to dry land. Touring the country, they managed to reach New Albany at 4 a. m. Monday mo^ng, going only 200 miles out of the way to reach the town. Without any rest, they took up their duties in the Red Cross Emergency Hospital as male nurses. One incident marked the highlight of their work there. When the regular ambidance drivers were too tired to carry on, the boys were called upon to take the ambulance on an emergency run from the Red Cross hospital to the general hospital at Indianapolis. The boys worked in-
cessantly for two dnys in the Red Cross Hospital. Cross Bridge Leaving New Albany for Louisville, their home, they crossed the K & I railroad bridge, not on the automobile level, which was under water, but walking the ties on the over-head railroad span. They managed to cross the river, reaching 30th and Broadway, which at this time was under 15 feet of water. Using the familiar thumb sign of the foot-weary traveler, they succeeded in getting a ride on a ChrisCraft boat, to the city hall, located on an island in the submerged city. For a while it looked as iflfchey were there to stay as the section was under martial law. Home At Last Running on submerged tracks, a stray train composed of locomotive and caboose, ambled by and carried the boys to dry Ihnd and their homes. Here after a prolonged rest they awoke amid the seeming chaos of the flood. Planes droned over(Continued on page 4)
Shelton To Play For Triad Dance/ Dick Shelton and his orchestra will play for the Miami Triad dance whieh wiU be given Friday night from 9 till 12 o’clock in the Memorial Union ballroom by Beta Theta Pi, Phi Delta Theta, and Sigma Chi. This affair is closed and formal Shelton, who played here last year for the W. A. A. danee, the Gold Peppers’ dance, and several fraternity dances, as well as the Triad, is well known on this campus.
Relief Funds Pass Mark Admiral Grayson Wires Praise For $12,000 Relief Collection Funds collected by the Lafayette Red Cross chapter for flood relief passed the $12,000 mark yesterday. Admiral Cary T. Grayson, national chairman, in a telegram, yesterday, congratulated the Lafayette chapter for their excellent achievement in behalf of the flood victims but ashed that additional funds be procured if possible. The message from National Red Cross Headquarters stated that 1,000,000 refugees in the Ohio and Mississippi valleys are now being cared for. The Red Cross is now operating 113 field hospitals and 317 concentration camps, the message stated, and this service must continue for some time to come. The Purdue Religious Council is cooperating in collecting the fimds in West Lafayette qnd many are making contributions directly to the box in the Memorial Union Building. Cary Club last week made a flat donation of $366.
Fair And Cold . By TMopy Th* BxFffMnt WMtbwr Mo«9*
I Joohed into the Armmry yesterday axp^ting to see a large crowd bustlini? around txying to register. The facility and student registration forQ« was out in full strength but there were very few registering. It failed to register on ipy mind for a mommit, then came the dawn. Sq inany p^q^e got “C’s” and “Dps” that thejyffifority of students will pa«lc the Armory today. The weather will he cold ai«) fair, Good lack on reffisteripgf, yon proht^tioniots.
Arcade’s Candy Contest WmOose Tonight The two candy-making contests, one for boys and one for girls, will come to a close this evening when Prof. Amy I. Bloye of the Home Economics School judges the candy of each entry. Miss Grace Russell asks that all persons entering candy in the contest bring it to the West Side Methodist Church before 7:30 tonight. The co-ed popularity contest will be one of the many attractions at the Penny Arcade tonight. Every time a persons buys a penny tichfet he gets a chance to vote on the popularity of the co-eds. If he buys twenty-five at a time he may nominate a girl himself.
Sorority Pledgee Dunce Tomorrow The Pan-Hellenic Cpnncil will sponsor a free dance tomorrow afternoon from 4 to 5:80 o’clock in IhO Union. Ajl sorority pledges will he required to come, and the chairman hopes that all of the fraternity pledges will come. No one without a pledge pin will be admitted. Nearly 100 girls are expected to pttend. fhe dance, whloh is in charge of Virginia Richards, will be one of ^0 flr«t of thip aponsiEn^ by the Coumdl. A desire for better cooperation between frpteifnitie* and «»rerities is the motive for the ten dance.
GroundhogSawHis Shadow In Spite Of Registration Haze By L. S. Hardin Though the blue haze of registration hung heavily over Purdue University yesterday as hundreds thronged into the Armory in an attempt to end once and for all the quest for the perfect schedule. Old Sol succeeded in breaking through the smoke screen long enough to warm the off-side of our furred weather prophet. Mr. Groundhog saw his shadow! “Old Man Winter” So if predictions run true to form, you had best sharpen those skates and keep those sleds and skis handy for Old Man Winter m due to be with us^r some time to come; in fact winter has merely begun. White shoes dast not emerge from seclusion for at least six weeks more (unless the soles of the black ones go through). Not only did Mr. Groundhog see his shadow here, but he fairly basked in the sun in other parts of the state and nation indicating that spring is not at hand by any means. In some sections of the country the groundhog takes on a more artistic and aristocratic title and at these places persons wait intently for the ^“woodchuck” to emerge from his underground home. Six Weeks Yet Just why this burrowing rodent should be endowed with such superhuman powers of prediction may date back to the ideas handed down by the early American Indian. Nevertheless, calendars have long carried the words “groundhog day” in the space provided for February 2. Just ns regniarly year by year, hundreds of Americans look to Groundhog Day in a more or less humorous way to tell whether* the spring weather will start February 2 or six weeks later.
Eds,Co-eds Act For Directors Studients Will Continue Tryouts Today; Bryant Tries Soloists Big ones, little ones, fat ones, thin ones—aspiring actors of every description ran the gauntlet of sharpeyed directors at the Union Building yesterday as about 100 students were put through the tryouts for “Castles In The Air,” the Union Show billed for March 13 at the Mars Thpater. Seventy-one were selected to reappear this afternoon for the second tryout, from which girls’ and boys choruses will be
Additional tryouts will be given in the tower room from 1 to 2 o’clock this afternoon to accomodate students detained yesterday at registration. Group “A,” as listed, will appear for the second tryout today at 3 p. m. Group “B” will appear at 4:30 p. m.
W. I. Spider To Talk On Property pt-otection W. I. Spitler, chief special agent of the Monon railroad, will be the speaker at 7:30 o’clock this evening at the regular meeting of the Multiproforum group in room B of the Memorial Union Building. He will apeak on “Property Protection,” the address coming as one of the series on criminology. SpitIter, graduate of the University of Wisconsin has been engaged in railroad police work for some years qnd has been head of the Monon police department for a large part qf that time.
Love and music combine to help oo-ed tennis students at Westminster College develop rhythm. Miss Nandeen Love, director of the Interesting course, explains that waits music is the best accompaniment for service strokes.
“I Love You Truly” was a favorite among soloists trying out before Bud Bryant, though several students gave preference to popular songs. The return of several members of last year’s cast served to brighten the singing prospects. Among the songs for “Castles In The Air” are the well known “Lantern of Love,” “The Gimmies,” and “Babe.” Flowing rhythm and a lot of catchy tunes are expected to bring out the best vocal talent available. Dramatic Scenes In rooms 1 and 2, ardent love was made in authentic manner as rai.(Continued on page 4)
Symphony Wm Play Here February 15 St. Louis Orcliestr]i To Feature First Convo Of Semester The St. Louis Symphony Ordhestra, the second oldest ssunphonie orchestra in the United States, wiH appear in concert in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium, February 16, for the first University Convocation for the second semester. Eighty-seven players compose this orchestra which is now in its fifty-seventh consecutive year of symphonic concerts. The University is included in the tour which calls for the appearance of the orchestra in 25 middle western and southern cities. Students will be admitted to the convocation upon presentation of their convocation tickets; however, additional tickets may be purchased at Deac’s and Southworth’s.
Skit Night Postponed Postponement of the initial Skit Shop Independent Night, scheduled for this evening, was announced today by Wilson C. White, general manager of the project. The first program of a series of four, open free to all University students, will be given February 10. Two plays of high place winners in the Ray M. Southworth Script Contest wiU be presented. A quartet from the Tune Shop and the P. I. A. Dance Band are preparing numbers for the program.
Registration Schedule
Students will be admitted to registration in accordance with the following schedule: I. Oistinguisbed students of June, have the privilege of registering Tuesday. February 2. at 8 A. M.. or at any other time during the registration period. II. Undergraduate and spedsl studento who have no nnremoved C. D, I, or F grades on record, and are not on probation, register according to the fliat lettera of Aeir surnames, as follows: III. Undergraduate and special students who have unrmnoved C. D. I. or F grades on record but are not on probation, register according to the first lettera of their surnames, as follows; Mo.Sg ~ Wed..Feb.8. 8:00: 8:30 A. M. Li-Mi Wed., Feb. 8. 8:30- 9:00 A. M J-Lh Wed., Feb. 8. 9:00- 9:80 A. M. H-I Wed., Feb. 8. 9:30.10:00 A. M. Em-G Wed., Feb. 8.10:00.|,0 ;80 A. M. Olo-El Wed., Feb. 8. M J80-I1 ;00 A. 3. Ble-Cti Wed., F<*. 8,11:00-H ;80 A- M. A-BIa Wed.. Feb. 8.11:80.12:00 A.M. IV. Old students on probation register according to Uie first lettera of their anrnames, as folloyrs: S-Z Wed., Fd). 8. 1:00- 1 :S0 P. M. L-R Wed.. Feb. 8. 1:8e. 8:00 P. M. F-K Wed., Feb. 8. 2:00- 2:80 P. M. A-E Wed.. Feb. 8. 2:80- 8:00 P. M. V. Graduate students register according to the first lettera of their sarnamee, as folloira: E-O Wed.. Feb. 8. 8:00- 9:00 A.M. Coo-D Wed., Fd). 8. 0:00.10:00 A. M. Bi-Con Wed., Fd?. 8.10 ;00.11 ;00 A- M. A-Be Wed.. Feb. 8.11:00.18:00 A. M.
2404 Enroll In Fns Day Of Registration Two thousand, four hundred and four students, approximately onehalf of last semester’s enrollment, registered for the second semester for the year 1936-1937 in the Armory yesterday. Of this group 867 belonged to the freshman class, the sophomores coimted 630, 429 juniors signed for classes, and 372 seniors registered for the last time. In addition, 14 special students and 92 graduate students enrolled.
Helen Walters To Begm Work In Indianapolis Helen Walters, Science *3^ and Feature Editor of the Exponent, wiU begin work on the staff of station WIRE, Indianapolis, on Monday. While in sdiool she originated the WBAA skit “Ihe Purdue Serapbook.”
EXPONENT STAFF
All members of the editorial and sports staffs are required to attend a meeting Saturday afternoon at 2 o’clock. Place to be announced later. Work schedules for the next two months will he made ““MORRIS.
Subscription Blank
(Mr
^nrhue CoqiQiient Please enter my snlwqiipttoa for Tie Pw^ Bxpetteiit for Um | [ remainder of the school year. Ibudosed iM <asli» or Sfiwmgr order for f.— —.. (flJKlby carrluri |2.09bin»«iL)
Name
j| Address
Read np
wiili eainpii HiiiiRin
■eytmup g ihukp piiiiiK gpo
01ipoutandmattteTbtPMrdi>KiqDiotgkmN.nbSWI#lby^
k
/Hi- ^tBE BURDUE EXPoBENt
na^ Fines
Pardii«^ tJniversity Imis had in pperation for seT«»l yeai^ a system whereby a student is assessed five dollars per semester hour to take a ooupr^ for a third time after failing in it twice. The Vniversity of Oklahoma has introduced a system to go into effect this coming semester th^ wiU assess students three dollars per sem^ter hour to repeat a course after falling in it once. It is interesting to compare the two systems. That of the University ot Oklahoma has the advantage of not “dillying around.” From the very start, the student is impressed with the necessity of passing courses. The very poor students, those who should not be in the university at all, see the error of their ways to the tune of three dollars per hour, and are induced not to waste any more of their time and money but to withdraw from the university. Those students who choose to work along the thin edge of passing and failing are encouraged to raise their grades so as not to take the chance of failing. The disadvantage of Oklahoma’s system is that it is injurious to those who are least able to afford the fine. Those who have to work to get through school are never able to devote as much time and effort to their studies as those who do not, and are consequently more apt to fail. Their resources do not permit heavy fines, and through this system many students of college caliber who would make good records, if their families could provide all the necessary expenses, are forced to drop out of school. Also especially ambitious students, who try to do four years’ work in three years or who try to take additional courses which they feel will be of value to them, are apt to fail a course because they are taking too heavy a load, and are thus made to pay for their own ambition. Purdue’s system does not have these disadvantages. A student is given an entire semester to determine whether or not he is taking too heavy a schedule. By that time he should have been able to estimate his own abilities closely enough for him to sign up for a schedule that he can pass. In this way, working students or ambitious students are not made to pay for their own good qualities. However, since these two groups are in a minority at the University, and since Purdue’s system of a second chance with regard to flunk fines does not affect other groups to such an extent, the majority of students will not feel the press of the fines, but will think instead, “I don’t have to work so hard. If I fail. I’ll get another chance.” Thus the purpose of the fines is defeated by the delay in their execution. Both systems have one major fault in common with the University’s penalty day system and all systems that depend for their force upon monetary fines. Students who have more money than they need (and there are quite a few) will feel that the fines are but a drop in the bucket and will be accordingly unaffected; while students who have to pinch pennies will have to pinch much, much harder. Assignment of “gripe” courses has been suggested; and while it is true that the thought of a “gripe” course will do much to encourage better grades, nevertheless, this system would make it even harder for those who have to work their way through school or who are trying to take the utmost advantage of their college days by taking extra courses. All students have a measure of pride and do not particularly wish all their fellows to learn that they are stupid. Therefore, if the University were to publish a list of the recipients of failing grades either in a newspaper or in bulletin form, the expenses of publication to be paid by relatively light fines, the majority, the average students, might be encouraged to put forth their best efforts. Purdue’s “another chance” system would then take effect upon those who never give a dam about what others think, and would hit these students where it hurts—^in the pocketbook. Introduction of this system in conjunction with Purdue’s present system would retain the advantages of the latter and would add
$uriine (Exponent
Vouid«4 tai 18U
1086 Member 1987 ASSOCIATED COLLEGIATE PBE88
Diatribntors of
COLLEGIATE DIGEST IWPIISairNrEO for NATIONAb ADVaRTISINO BY
National Advertising Service, Inc
College Publishers Representative
420 Madison Ave. New York NY. CHICAGO • Boston - ban Francisco Los ANOSLES • Portland • Seattle
Bntoed ss second clsss matter at the poet office, Lafayette, Indiana. Deliveredbymail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE-«12 North Fifth Street Businew Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EdHor-In-Chief-
EDITOBIAL STAFF
W. T. Hunt
Managing Editor _ — .. — —_ ™ » — ™B. H. Morris aiwoeiato EditmB.__ K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock. A. H. Forster.
R. P. Manion. C. L. Sadler
Sopbamore Assistants W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey,
i. A. Chapin. J. R. Clark, L. S. Hardin, tC. D. Sehroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance
E. H. Kellogg, K. E. O'Neil,
Editor AaepeJate Editors.
Advartisliig Manager
WOMENTi STAFF — Helen Creech ....Jeanne JTanousek, Doris McCartney, Elisabeth Pyke Betty Barnett
Enslapis Manager
BUSINESS STAFF
Hdtipnal AdKrertbing Manager
Manager
Loeal Advertising tRiwnlaHiMiyManager,
- R. J. Hulse .. L. H. Brown __ J). C. MlUer „ J.P. Girard
Edttor.
SPORTS STAFF
.. X. D, Wood
Aasodate Bditon.^. W. H. nSeld, 8. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenebain
JsSEe Editor—J. A. Clinlpin
those of Oklahoma’s syetem-~« stimulus from the very first to pass the course.—J. E. B.
A Democratic Monarch
Probably the word*s most democratic kin; now that the Duke of Windsor has abdicate) is the monarch of the little-known Balkan country of Bulgaria. King Boris, III, is young, 43, and ever since he broke with the extremist military leaders in May, 1934, he has attempted to place his country under more democratic measures bit by bit. His latest law, the first voting concession made to women in Bulgaria, gives legal mothers, under 21, the right to vote. By law all male Bulgarians over 21 with the exceptions of firement, soldiers, policemen, students and criminals must vote in the national elections. Any male Bulgarian can now run for an office if he can prove that he is not a member of any subversive organization. This king has been made an honorary engineer because he often runs his own private train. He once helped fix his daughter’s car when it broke down and at once became a member of the garage men’s union. Bulgarian taxi-drivers have named him an honorary member for mediating in their strike. These and other little, common jobs make him respected and admired in his own country and looked up to by the democratic leaders of the world.—^R. N. W.
Grades Are Important
On a recent hitch-hiking trip a student encountered the same question three consecutive times from three men who gave him rides. That question was this: “What were your grades ?” The hitch-hiker had always thought of grades as the expression of the professor’s mood at the time of marking, but the fact that an army officer, a well-to-doAtraveling salesman, and a banker had all had the same interest in his grades as an expression of his accomplishment at school, drove home the importance of the point that friends and folks had sought to impress on his mind. There is a large group of college people who scorn high grades and look with disgust on those men elected to honorary groups; and then there are those who consider membership in those organizations a great honor but do not keep achievement in their minds consistently enough to make a really fine record. At the beginning of every semester there are many students who resolve to turn over the proverbial new leaf, but never get beyond the first page. That is due to a lack of consistent determination to keep a high grade of work in their classes all through the semester. How many men have you heard recalling their school days with the wish that they might have them to live over again? Nine times out of ten they looked back with regret for their failure to accept the opportunity to excel which school had offered them. While high scholastic records aren’t the only things to be*^realized from a college education, at least they are a testimonial to the amount of effort put forth by the student on his work. Don’t be sorry for your own failure to come through. Don’t look back at the time of graduation with regrets. Be able to be proud of your work. It ig the present that counts, so do it now.—J. A. C.
There is nothing worse than a registration unless it is two registrations . . . sour ...
The Sig. DICK CHAMBERLAIN (adorable child)—^to be specific, has won or should have wpn twh bits from WIL HODGDON—^the bet implied that DICKIE couldn’t get return mail from a bathing beauty whose picture appeared in the paper RICHARD not only received a post card but also has received a letter with a very, very beautiful picture . . .
REVIEW OF PAST SEMESTER: Best Jazz Band—^Ina Ray Hdtton for the eyes and Anson Weeks for the feet . . . Best Dancers—CARY YAUGHN and GINNY HULSE for the female angle with WES LOVE, BILL WANTLAND, and BUD TAYLOR tripping prettiest for the male side of the fence . . . Best Liked Profs.—BILL MILLER, CHARLIE MURPHY, and CAPT MILLER—God bless their souls . . . Biggest Line Slinger—BOB MUELLER and BILL STEVENS undisputed with MARY ED JOHNSTON creeping up on CARY VAUGHN . Best Sorority—Conveniently, that of the current g f . . . Best Frat—Beta of course . . . Most Constant Sweet-Shoppers— JEANNE HALLAM and DONALD SPRING—FRANK FOX should set aside booths A-1 and D-1 for them Prettiest Black Eye—The one JEAN WHITNEY got peeking thru a keyhole for me ... Biggest Chizzlers—ANN DAUGHERTY and MARIANNE CUMMINGS—^neither one has worn a complete outfit of her own all semester . . . Most Boresome Speech—“This is WBAA, ALICE PARLON speaking ”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liebty
/
“Does Madame want to buy a polly—or is she just snooping?”
TRUE POME Kappa, Kappa on Waldron Street. Would you like some candy—^for to
What Helps Make
Mondays Blue
Angels would fear to tread where Dr. Adolph J. Roth, of Washington State (^ollege, has the temerity to rush in. No one with less authority than a teacher of youth would seek to stay the great American pastime of petting with the warning that it spreads the common cold. His is a voice crying in the wilderness. One word from the professor and the students will continue to do as they please. Futile as the admonition may be, the professor does make a contribution to Americana. He adds to our stock of knowledge of why Mondays are blue. Almost always, he says, cold and influenza cases increase on Monday morning because students do not make use of the hygienic knowledge available to them.” Would Dr. Roth spoil romance with nurse or physician-chap-ferones for week-end dates ? It is a question, too, whether his pronouncement is as scientific as it sounds. One of the nations in which the current flu epidemic is most rampant is Japan, where as everyone knows, kissing, regarded as shocking, is not "a national pastime. How would science explain (away the Monday morning crop of colds in Tokio? Any move to make Washin^on State kissless starts at the wrong end with the suggestion coming from the faculty. There are some traditions of academic freedom that authority is bound to respect.—^Louisville Courier-Jour-nal. I
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
PLUMBING AND HEATING
Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
"DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
eat. If you do just let me know. Cause now I've got the dough. P. D. Q. (EMMY SCHOLER, little Phi sigh whose pin graces MARTHA REED) .. .
SEEN AT REGISTRATION; THE ARMORY AND DARLING HARVEY CLINE . . .
Ideas fiom students can’t even be pulled out by offer of 4 MARS PASSES— the only thing wanted IS an idea for a contest for this column—such a taxation upon the (Mind’) of students
A leport compiled by the Minnesota Association of College Registrars shows that 25,155 students are now attending Minnesota colleges and Umveisities This is an increaseof 5 7 per cent over last year’s enrollment
LUMA
PINAL TODAY
YOiriL HAVE TO LAFF OUT IDUDt
STARTING TOMORROW James Dunn
“DANGEROUS CROSSING” —and— George Bancroft in •
“A DOCTOR’S DIARY”
ARC
TODAY AND WED.
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus ac tivity elections. 3. Elimim^te physical'punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
/
—and— Jack Holt
In
“END OF THE TRAIL” —Also— Color Classic Cartoon
>1 TIMES TODAY
STARTS TOMORROW
Ray Milland Sir Guy Standing
in
“PUTL DOG DRUMMOND ESCAPES”
Van-colored lights of different degrees of bnlliance affect growing plants in different ways, says Prof. Robert B Withrow of Purdue University’s horticulture department. Some hasten maturity, others will strengthen the stems, pnd still others stimulate seed production.
FAMILY
-LAST DAY-
Wallace Beery
“OLD HUTCH” —and— Doris Nolan
“THE MAN I MARRY”
STARTING TOMORROW Charles Starrett
“WESTBOUND MAIL” —and— Noah Beery, Jr. “THE MIGHT^TREVE”
MaiiI
FINAL TIMES TODAY
BARBARA STANWVCK «t SCAN O'CASeV’S THEPMUGH andtheflGllf
with
PRESTON FOSTER una o'connm
—STARTS TOMORROW— Double Feature 2 FIRST RUN HITS
Maxwell Anderson's great drama and the stars who made it great!
—ina] story of inspirational power and beanty. BURGESS MEREDITH and MARGO • EDUARDOGMNMELLI •JOHN CARRADINE • EDWARD ELLIS
Directed by Alfred'Ssntell • A Pendro S. Berittan Production • RKO>RADIO PICTUOE
—PLUS SECOND FEATURE—
Love on the rebound... second choice marriages... stolen affections.... “Ring Around The Moon,” a story of three people who dared love to ruin their lives.
veRE HOBART
7>y
OONAtO COOK (RRm OBRIEN MOORS AlAN BIWAROB ^ DORAN JOHN OVAIEN
'IS? i i
I- ^ N, ^
TUB
■>1 f
/t.
BtJKPPB -EBPONBBt SBtfM&tSS&SBSS&SSSSSSS&BSSMBiSSliSs&iSdiS&wSSaSttSSfi^
Fourteen players will leave here today for South Bend, as follows: Anderson, Barsha, Dean, Downey, Holloway, Hutt, Malaska, Mangas, Mihal, Seward, Sines, Swan, Young, and Zink.
Another Iowa editor, over at the state university, deserves honorable mention this week. He runs the yearbook. His yearbook, like many others, decided to have a beauty prize winner. The following were selected as judges: One iceman, one jplumber, and one travelling salesman.
NOTICES
N* nslicM acMptMl aflMr • gk m.
Boilemakers To Meet Notre Dame Tonight Lambert lit With Taube, Fehring WUl Guide Squad; New Lined!p Expend ' Mdi Ward Lambert confined to hk boiine recovering from the eflkiBte of an attack of influenza, Purdue’s basketball squad, still ‘buffering” from final examination cramps, will journey to S^outh Bend today to meet Notre Dame in the first start for the Boilermakers in nearly three weeks.
In the absence of Coach Lambert, the Boilermaker squad, nosed out by Illinois in its last start, will be in charge of Assistant Coach M. H. “Mel” Taube, assisted by Freshman
Coach Dutch Fearing.
Lambert indicated last night that a new starting lineup was apt to be sent against Notre Dame in the final non-conference engagement of the season, with three sophomores who have had little chance to show
0A
their wares in the lineup. Harry Zink and Dale Hutt are slated for the forwards; Co-Captain Jim Seward at center; Carrol Mangas at back guard, and Boss Dean at the floor guard position. ' Gophers Monday Slated to plunge back into the midst of the Big Ten campaign against Minnesota Monday night in the first of five games scheduled in two weeks, if was expected that the Boilermakers would use as many men as possible against the Irish in an effort to get the squad as a whole back into competitive condition.
Freshman Fencinc—^Freshman fencing will start Febmary 9 at 4 p. m. There will be a meeting in the fencing room whidi is located at the south end of the fourth floor
of Cie Recitation Building.
—LACEnr.
Co-ed Physical Bdncatiim—Home Economics and Science sophomores qualifying for a license to teach Physical Education should register for PEW 60 Tuesday-Thursday at 1 o’clock instead of Saturday 10-12. See Miss Haeelton at registration if there are
conflicts.
—HAZBL'TON.
W. A. A. Badminton—Sign up on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gymnasium before February 8, if you wish to participate in .the Badminton tournament. ' '
—MAIEB.
W. A. A. Basketball—Girls wishing to participate in the intramural basketball tournament must sign up on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gym beford Febru-
ary 8.
—SHAFFER.
P. E. W.—A new bowling class for beginners has been added to the winter term schedule. This will be held Wednesdays
and Fridays at 9 a. m.
—HAZELTON.
Junior M. T. 6—Juniors who have signed up for distinguished squads meet in room 103 of the Armory at 4 p. m., February 4. —GRAVES.
Alpha Phi Omega—^Important business meeting February 8, in room D of the Memorial Union Building at 7:80 p. m. for election of officers.
—KUECK.
OrcheSis Tryouts—Tryouts for membership will be held at 4 p. m. on February 3. —ELLIS.
Horticulture Club—^Meeting February 3, at 7 p. m. Dr. Hauge will talk on vitamins of agricultural products —TOWNSEND.
Independent Staff—^Meeting at 7 p. m. on February 3. —COX.
Tony Acquila, stadium groundkeeper at Ohio State University, says that it takes 10 men from four to seven days to clean up the stadium after a game. After the Pitt game his men removed 75 tubs of rubbish from the grounds.
SUPPLIES
FOR
Fratemities...Sororities...Clubs and Organizations Pure White “Lily" *4 Fold Napkins, (O AA per case of lOM Napkins Per case of 5M Napkins $4.40 "Just-Wun" Folded Paper Towels, CA 3,750 towels in a case, price per case ii#W “Dandy Roll” Paper Towels, 3,750 tow- C 5 7 5 “No Waste" Toilet Paper, the very fin- CO AA est quality, 125 packages per case ^Ol W “Roll Toilet Paper” 2,000 sheets to roll, finest quality, 100 rolls to case, price llO per case W Per Yi case, 50 rolls, same as above... $4.75
We Carry in Stock Liquasan Soap, Dixie Drinking Cups, Vortex Sanitary Cups
Haywood’s (Estabihhed 1826) Retail Department Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lafayette, Ind. Publishers Indiana State Printers Stationers
[?
ielder’s.... ....choice
Bob WaljMilo # Anotlier semester almost undet'^ way, and One left behind . . . the last tme held many events that will go down in athletic history of the University «.. primarily the tragic fire at the beginning of the year, and socondly the 20-20 football tie with Indiana wifh a capacity crowd
looking on ...
—fc—
But now for the present and the future ... tonight the Boilermakers open the second half of their season after a rest period (?) with Notre Dame on the Irish floor . . . it is surprising how quickly the campus can forget basketball in favor Of examinations when necessity calls . . . however, before the end of the week the talk will have shifted from whatever topic is fore-
most at presenjt to the Itii diana’s favorite sport. . . hall . . . —.fo— Pnrdoe’s varsity mermen will en their schednle <m Saturday ... the guests will be DePanw and the Boosier Athletic Clnb.. ..mwe later about this triangular meet, bnt plan to see what the Boilermakers have in store ... the meet will be held here . . . —fc— Ban across Johnny Drake hobbling about the Armory yesterday . . . he doesn’t believe that he will enter West Point in July as he had previously expected ... » —fc— Tomorrow the first of our Boilermaker Basketball Biographies . . . Co-Captain Jim Seward ...
Warning note: Editors at Iowa State College have figured that it costs a student just one dollar every time he cuts a class.
Ladhjbet&td FfyTnmeilprkff Btmni, both dfataiiee «mbb, % to Pirn Mb atpnsiHli ft cmqpwto in toe gmme at MtOmm Ihtoy ankJkuuM lAto, ing hto toirtfto toe this winter, ^ Beekfldri, his toamnmto in toe ^Bitohee tarn. Both wilt leave from Chieago fallowing todiana’s indoor meet Friday night with Notre Bame at South Bmid. They are mitered to the two-mile run.
^C/t. P/ir'Af/iJL/isK/r f Ga/ipo
Three of the main rooms of the new Biology huildiii^ at toe Itoiversity of Notre Dame wiB be airconditioned to afford an even temperature the year aronnA
TWO FAST MOVING UNES in the
u.
eteti,
Id
Quick, efficieni- service is an important patt of every student's eating problem. Two fast moving lines mean immediate service and hot food. You'll be sure of a wide selection of your favorite dishes in the Union Cafeteria . . . and at a moderate price. PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION Corner of the Campus—^Yet the Center of Activities
ON USED TEXT BOOKS AT ^ITTHWORIVS
.... LARGEST USED COLLEGE TEXT BOOK STOCK IN THE WEST.
A New Ford Sedanr-FREE •—given away each week. Free.. we give yon a ticket, free of charge, widt each 50c purchase to show onr appreciation of yonr patronage..
Free blotters are ready fear yon.
SOUTHWORTH’S
\% O Tf.> i \
reMACpmss, |KMigli^«o^ Iftited «wl MipAicWL SiippU«» fto «11 niMliiiioB G. F« Ebeisl^v 605 Mftin street.
Qm(1 PriiitlMK>~P)&inles8 prices. FMt BMvieeff^ Near as your phone. Call 5205. Wed«diver. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 2001 street.
fiaows For Rent—Newly furnished with single beds. Accomodatiens for 8 or 10 boys. 484 Littleton street.
Fhr Rent—Large, light, double front room, near bath. 461V2 Vine street.
Rooms For Rent—^At the Gold and Black, 866 Northwestern avenue. Phone 41061.
For Rent—Single room, good location, 249 Chauncey. Phone 81291.
For Rent—Half of double room, 211 Sheets street. CaU 86778.
Rooms For Rent—156 N. Grant, across from Civil Building. Phone
Hdip In Flood Zone (Continued from page 1)
head broadcasting emergency warning concerning the flood conditions. In a city without electricity, with drinking water flowing only two hours each day, people strove to maintain a semblance of order and prevent the spread of disease and riots. Contrary to the general belief the central business district of Louisville was not under water, but the University of Louisville’s campus iwas submerged and the famous Churchill Downs has been turned into an emergency hospital. Leaving the flooded area after doing their part to help in relief measures, they returned to Purdue February 1, ready to make up those missed exams.
THS PUBDUa ■T’l' -"’"'hi il
EXPONENT
/ t -<l l/ ^
UliioA Tryotttg (Continued from page 1)
dom couples rehearsed dramatic scenes from the show under the direction of Ruth Grimm. A number of convineing perfdrmancer bore witness of student proficiency in the romantic aspect of the drama. Betty Ann Plorer supervised the dancing tryouts, putting the students through a tap dancing routine. Group “A” to appear at 3 p. m. is as follows; Group A—^Woody W. Carroll, Jerry Ciral, W. C. Compton, Bob Gibson, Bob Heine, Mary Ed Johnston, Bill Jones, Louis G. Juillard, Samuel J. Martinez, Kari Mueller, Sal Palma, Ruth E. Renfroe, Gaby D. Roe, J. W. Scatterday, Sally Schaaf/ Betty Jo Sexton, Rufina Sexton, A. Spencer, Martha Smith, Donald Tam, Dave Thompson, Fritzie Walkey, Carroll Wilcox, Martha Whitehead ,and Fred S. Wright. Group “B,” to appear at 4:30, includes the following students:
Group B^Ruth Adclc Angert, l^omaa Arnold, Louise Xrndl6> JW •nne Beett^er, Lopiso Bain, 'treva Berry, Etta B«;st, Benton Bums, Maurice w. CumpbeU, Mary Alice Craig, Fhyjuss Crossman, Mona Crumley, Betty Evans, Mary Ellen Foresman, Fowler, 1. Class-
man, Dorothy C,^ Harding B. Hs, Helm,,B[uglt B, Mpry lum Hinchmaii, Elizabeth Hunter, John R. Keck, Blanche Kernel, G., H. Lewis, J. S. McHrilUatUd, E^th Martin, J. P. Moore, D. P. MuUer, Dorothy Newman, Martha Norman, Jack O’Malley, J. Plister,^ Ruth
Randalb BMi Reed, Virginia Richardd, RoMdihb^ Wi f. Begerii, Koberf K ^hlindorf, Mary Jean Befton, Marthg Spring, Marghret Stocker, Ddnild Terrio, jpeggy timberlake, Eleanor Turnerr Mary Wein, Jean Whitney, and William D. Yeoman.
“DEAC”
Wm Pay 40% Cash for SECOND HAND BOOKS
All Purdue Text Books and All Supplies Used at Purdue For Sale
H. C. gEISNER’S BOOK STORE “DEAC”
I WANT A FORD V-8
Ckestetfields the good things can give you
CoMllK lOf. boom * MvswiiMMooeOsh