THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Fair, with rising temperature today. Tomorrow fair and warmer.
Purdue Exponent
WEDNESDAY NovMiiiief Sr 19^ Lafayette, Ind.
Vol. 50
No. ^
Debaters Meet Tonight For Technique Lecture Debaters and managers from 30 fraternities will meet this evening at 7:30 in University Hall, ^loorn 101, to hear R. M. Horn, of the Speech department, give the first of a series of lectures on debating techniques. These debaters represent the largest number of entries ever to compete for the Mohlman inter-fraternity debating championship.
The Subject of the debate, which
SAE Otters Prize Q^ads To Leam
New Dance Step
was chosen last Thursday by the managers of the teams, is: “Resolved that the new Wage-Hour bill should be repealed.” Chosen especially for its timeliness, the subject should make for some very keen discussions pro and con, and interest in the contests promises to run high, Horn stated. Discuss Material Tonight In the series of lectures to be given in the next few weeks, various members of the speech department will give instruction especially to fraternity teams and managers, but all interested persons are invited. Tonight Mr. Horn will give special consideration to the question and sources of material. The preliminary rounds of the tourney will be completed by November 23 with the final contest following shortly thereafter. The judges will include prominent lawyers and members of the history, government, and economics depart-
ment.
Anyone having questions concerning the lectures or actual debates is requested to get in touch with Robert Carr, phone 5021. Reamers Break Into Bell House To Toll Victory Purdue’s ti’aditi6nal Victory Bell, despite a sparkling Big Ten victory almost failed to ring Saturday. Ohio State’s distant location, rather than its football team,'was the reason. Gimlet President Carl Swan was at the game . . . with him was the key to the Bell House, home of the victory bell. It took a trio of Reamers, home from an inspection trip, an hour and a half to successfully saw through heavy iron links, allowing the Bell House gates to swing open. Thus, despite the absence of a precious key, Purdue’s Victory Bell pealed forth promptly at 6:15, and a time-honored tradition was up-
held.
Sophomore Workers Last available chance for sophomores wishing to sign up for work in one of the Union activities will be Thursday, at 6 p. m. All sophomores interested in signing for work should report to Executive Ted Cabonargi or one of the Student Union vice-presidents in the Student Union office after 4 p.m. today or tomorrow.
Winning Themes Chosen In Annual Scrivener Contest Placing first ip the annual Scrivener contest for freshman English students, Neil B. Carson won the award for his theme “In Defense of the Abstract.” Second place went to Carolyn Britton for a realistic short story, “Registered Nurse;’’’ and third to Chester Riegle with “Mood of an Escapist.” Winning papers were selected from 232 manuscripts, submitted by instructors in English 32 classes. Due to the difficulty which confronted the judges in selecting the winners, 11 other students were given honorable mention. Those who received this distinction were: W. Walter, D. S. Leckie, E. Thomas, M. M. Haskell, L. Phillips, C. Shedwick, J. C. Siliers, B. Freed, B. Haight, Helen Lange, and J. Bierleis. Annual Contest Scrivener, an honorary literary society, sponsors this contest annually. Prizes of $5 for first place, $3 for second, and $1 for third place were given to the winners. The winners also received a bid to join the Scrivener Club. Sunday, November 13, the winners and those who received honorable mention will be guests at a special meeting. Dorothea Justin president and an associate editor of the Scrivener publication states: “The three prize winners and three of the students who received honorable mention, will have their manuscripts published in the Scrivener magazine. Dr. Enz To Discuss Optometry Friday Dr. August Enz, local optometrist, will tell students, faculty, and the townspeople of “Modern Methods in Optometry” at an open lecture sponsored by Sigma Pi Sigma, national physics honorary society. The meeting is scheduled for Friday at 7:30 p. m. in the Physics Building lecture room. Dr. Enz’s talk will be brief, but will be followed by demonstrations of some new optical instruments which he has.
For OJdest Car In Annual Auto Show Remember the old auto that you bought back in the dim days of the past and that is now rusting and collecting cobwebs in the corner of the garage? At last you -have a chance to squeeze a few extra dollars out of its already worthless
hulk.
The Purdue branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers is sponsoring an unusual contest for ancient vehicles in connection with the annual automobile show to be held in the Armory, November 24, 25, and 26. Twenty Dollar Prize Prize for the oldest auto will be $20 plus five cents per mile for the one-way mileage of the trip to the Armory. The prize will be awarded Saturday, November 26. Each entry must be accompanied with a certificate of title. So, get out the old “Jenny,” dust her off, climb in behind the wheel, and rattle off to the Armory the day of the contest. Horticultural Show To Open On Campus Friday For 3 Days Featuring several exhibits of campus interest, the University’s Horticultural Show will open at 1 p. m. Friday in |;he Horticultural Building and greenhouses. The show will run for three days. Of special interest should be the display of new and unusual corsage designs exhibited by the senior floral designing class. Other educational displays of nuts, fruits, and vegetables will be shown in the auditorium of the Horticultural Building’s new wing. The green houses will include a large exhibit of chrysanthemums in full bloom, ranging in size from huge blooms to the tiny pompoms— all in brilliant colors. Doughnuts and cider will be on sale in the buildings. Sickman Discusses House Problems For WSGA Training School “Problems of Campus Residences” were discussed yesterday afternoon by Ann Sickman at the meeting of the WSGA Training School. The residence committee, of which Ann Sickman and Charlotte Lochner are co-chairmen, has carried out the same plan that was instituted last year—that of having all houses composed of four or more girls organize their groups by electing officers and conducting their own regular meetings.
Miller Masters Mean Muskie
“He did everything in his power to break the 25-pound test line and the one dollar rod—it took some * good manipulation of both the reel and boat to land such a big fish— and it wasn’t done without a desperate struggle either!” explained Dr. y S. J. Miller enthusiastically when asked about the fish he caught last summer. ^ “I was trolling with a bear cat ' Pfluger from a moving boat, with only my wife and guide along when I got the strike. I was over 50 min- ^ utes landing the catch—it was 30 minutes before he even broke water,” added fisherman Miller. Caught In Lake Quill Now to go back and pick up the ^ lobse ends—it seems Dr. Miller, director of the Student Health Service, was fishing in Lake Quill in Canada while on his vacation last ' summer and on August 17 he landed a 42 pound muskie. It measured 49 1-4 inches in length and 21 1-2 f inches around the gh'th. “When I made the catch I was using a solid steel one dollar rod
“Doin’ the Lambeth Walk” will highlight the program at the Graduate Club Party tonight from 8 to 10:30 in the Union ballroom, as the graduate students meet for an evening of games and dancing. •P. R. Allen and his staff from the Allen School of Dancing will be present to teach all graduates the new dance hit. There will be a short business meeting before the party to vote on a new constitution and to elect three new members to the Graduate Board. PIA Invites Members To Hayride Saturday PIA members and guests are invited to join the hayride planned for Saturday evening, from 7:30 to midnight, according to a recent announcement of the PIA activities chairman. Bob Fowler. Co-ed stags, ed stags or couples may join the party. Those wishing to attend may sign up in the new PIA office at the east end of the second floor corridor in the Union Building before Saturday noon. A fee of 10 cents per person has been set for the provision of refreshments. Country Group Elects Coleman As Director T. A. Coleman, acting director of the agricultural extension of the University, - recently was elected a director of the Anferican Country Life Association, which held its annual meeting at the University of Kentucky last week. Debris Sittings Will Start Tonight At 6:30 Group picture sittings for the Debris wil start today at 6:30 p. m. in the Tower Room of the Union. Organization heads have been contacted and urged to make sure that all of their members are notified as to the time when their group will be photographed. A schedule for today’s sittings will be found on page 2 of the Exponent. Promptness in appearing for the pictures will insure the elimination of congestion in the halls.
Late News Bulletin
This picture shows Dr. Miller exhibiting his prize catch to his two sons, Sayre, Jr., and Marvin.
and a 25 pound test line,” answered Dr., Miller when asked what kind of equipment he was using. “After the desperate 50 minute struggle I finally had to hit him in the head with the paddle of the boat to kill him before I could drag him in,” continued Miller, the fisherman. Artificial Bait “Mr. and Mrs. L. S. Dickson and their guide were in a boat nearby and they are eye witnesses to the fact that I was using artificial bait,” he explained furiously when asked if he really did use artificial bait. This exceptional catch is entered in the National Sportsman Hunting and Fishing Magazine contest for all fish caught on artificial bait. The contest is valued at $3,000 and according to reports, Dr. Miller’s fish stacks up well with other entries. The students’ doctor had the fish mounted, and the Muskie along with the reel, line, and bait are now on display in Gullion’s Clothing Store window in the Village.
Heiser Tours East With His Audience Carrying his Memorial Gym convocation audience of 3,000 persons on an imaginary trip into the far east last night, Dr. Victor G. Heiser described advances made in controlling and preventing diseases there. Uniting his audience at the beginning with a humorous anecdote, Dr. Heiser described the Polynesians as speaking the best English in the world with the clearest pronunciation. “According to modern standards,” said Dr. Heiser, “the Polynesians have the most nearly perfect civilization.” “Amid that big toe felt as if it
WSGA Plans For Conference Are Near Completion Plans for a conference of Contemporary Culture to be held November 16 and 17 at Purdue are being completed by WSGA. Herbert Agar, Pulitzer prize winner, will open the conference on Wednesday evenipg, November 16. with a speech on “Americanism and What It Represents.” At the Thursday morning session. Dr. Flora Thurston, of Cornell University will discuss “Marriage—^As Related to Youth Problems.” Dr. and Mrs. C. C. Furnas will discuss “The Scientific Trend in Culture.” The aftetnoon session entitled “Seminars On Art” will include Forbes Watson and Mrs. Hallie Flanagan on drama, Alexander Archipenko on sculpture, and Geo. Dillm on poetry. M.iss Doris Humphrey of New York, with three of her dancers, will give a lecture recital on the closing program Thursday night. All women students attending the conference will be excused from classes on Thursday. Frosh Suffers Cuts In Falling From Car William Raymer, Eng. ’42, suffered from severe head lacerations and shock when he was thrown from the side of a car as it rounded the corner of Stadium and Russell yesterday at 4 p. m. . Raymer was taken to the Home Hospital by the East side police ambulance and according to latest reports is out of danger.
were the focus of all eyes,” laughingly described Dr. Heiser of his first visit to Japan and one of his first formal official social functions. The occasion was a dinner with the Japanese cabinet in a well known chib; the cause was a walk around a rock garden without the benefit of shoes, in the Japan^e custom, on gravel paths giving rise to slight lacerations of his socks upon which the best Japanese society looks askance. “A most embarrassing situation for me,” according to Dr. Heiser. Visits China “The Chinese, if given the chance to develop in their way, would have most certainly produced some fine medical work.' It is most surprising and gratifying to see the advances a civilization so old. and set in tradition has made,” said Dr. Heiser in telling about his visit to China. “The Phillippines are like home to me . . . The United States, outside of a few dollars spent on restoring the Filipinos draft animals, have not spent one dollar in the Phillippines . . . Where $3.65 per capita is' spent in the United States for medical purposes, we had ten cents per capita to spend,” reminisced Dr. Heiser in regard to the place where he worked for 12 years. Disci&ses Hookworm Next he took the audience of 3,000 to Borneo where he dealt with beriberi, Malaya and malaria, and Ceylon with its hookworm. Dr. Heiser concluded his hour talk with a description of the methods used in locating the source of the hookworm infections of Ceylon in the Madras, presidency of India. Dick Shelton... . . . and his U. of Illinois band ■will return to the campus after a long absence to play for the regular Union mixer in the ballroom Saturday night.
Voting tabulations in the city of Lafayette favored Killian for mayor with 14 precincts in. Van Nuys, democrat candildate for senator in Indiana holds slight, but increasing lead over Willis, republican candidate. Charles Halleck, Indiana’s lone republican member of congress, appeared sure of re-election, as first returns were tabulated. Kansas apparently was back in the republican column after several years of democratic rule. Senator Reed, republican was winning the senatorship election, with Payne Ratner ,also republican, ahead in the race for governor. In New York Governor Lehman was slowly piling up a margin of victory after having to overcome a big upstate majority for his republican adversary, De%ey. In Michigan, on scant reports, democratic governor Murphy, was on the short end of returns. In Massachusetts and Rhode Island republican candidates for governor were Running well ahead of the democratic incumbents. In Kentucky as usual, fighting broke out and presaged the bloodiest election since 1933. Six persons already reported killed and many wounded.
Important Questions On Leadership Will Be Discussed By Prof. F. C. Hockema Tomorrow “The Problems of Student Leadership” will be informally discussed at the next meeting of the Activities Bureau’s Leadership School tomorrow night at 7:15 in the Home Economics Auditorium. Acting president of the University, Frank Hockema, will answer a list of twelve questions compiled by the Activities Bureau from those asked by activities men. Questions to be discussed are: Sneaker “What steps are neces:?ary for a student to become a leader; should appearance, politeness and personality count a great deal in selecting a leader; is mental work of more value than physical; does regularity count a great deal; how much should the rate, quality, and quantity enter into the feasibility of the merit system; how can a leader secure a response fi'om his workers; to what extent should you praise or criticize your subordinates; which would secure the best results.
Discuss Questions
“To what degree should we instruct rather than order; to what degree should leaders carry their authority; is it necessary to describe, to analyze, or to evaluate a certain job for incoming leaders to secure a better foundation; if so, what method should be used; if three workers are holding parallel positions, and one is far outstanding in ability should all the work he given to that one; how would you distribute the work in regard to the more important articles?”
.. .F.C.HockemaSdiiohiai
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J^UXJtuMAy
Wednesdfxy, November 9, 1936
Yesierday^a Auto Accident,. • . . . because of the way in which it occurred was unusual, but nevertheless should serve to illustrate the danger present in two practices common among Purdue students. Excessive crowding of cars and carrying of passengers on running boards and fenders are the two evils found in student-driven cars. Yesterday, a student was injured when he^ lost his grip while riding around a corner on a running board. Many persons will blame the driver, but the chances are just as great that the injured passenger was careless about his footing and hand holds. We blame the driver, not for the damage done to the injured student, but for allowing him to ride outside the car. Police have discouraged car crowding and running board riders time after time, but students still pay little attention. Perhaps at certain times, such as in parades, these things are justified, but far more often they are sources of imminent danger. It should be the responsibility of the man behind the wheel to see that his vision and his steering room are clear at all time, and to see that his passengers are all riding in the proper, safe places.
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in lafarette, Indiana, under the ^ct of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8. 1917, authorized January 80, 1022. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Sununer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-In-Chief. H. 1. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler RKPRSBBNTKD FOR NATIONAL ADVKRTIfilNO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madibon Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicaso ■ Boston ■ Los Ahoilss • san Francisco SPORTS STAFF Editor. B. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deekard This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduato students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by tile editor-in-chief. EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Uhion Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4906, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088
Night Editor—Kroeplin Issue Editor—McKeighen Wednesday, November 9, 1938
Temple football giants lead the way with their required modern dance classes, and Temple students lead the way in college newsreels. The newsreel covers the campus, classes and all. There is a boon for professors who have trouble with chronic cutters. Everyone attends classes at Temple for fear his picture might be taken to grace the silver screen, all for the benefit of his brother and sister students. —C— The laugh of the month is on the Grinnell college upperclass women. They imposed a ban on the freshman women and from September to Thanksgiving they are not allowed to use one speck of powder, one dab of rouge or lipstick, or one drop of nail polish. But minus cosmetics the freshies were still voted the comliest crop of cuties ever to enroll. —C— From the Daily Tar Heel of the University of North Carolina comes the following definition of a co-ed: a rag, a bone, a shank of hair, and a notebook. Praise be, they forgot the flat heels and glasses. Science comes through with the answer to the age-old question of why gentlemen prefer blondes. According to a European doctor, the blondes eat lots less than their darkhaired sisters. , —C— Way back when he-men were attempting to play the game called football, that is, in 1894, a no-game ruling ended the University of Chi-cago-Illinois contest exactly 21 minutes ahead of schedule. It seems that Chicago objected because Illinois substituted its coach for one of the regular players. —C— Co-eds at UCLA are rejoicing because at last the eds outnumber the co-eds. There is a surplus of over 126 men. Their sisters at the “women’s paradise” of Purdue will have sympathy for the disillusionment that will soon be theirs.
Letters to the Editor
Letters accepted for publication in this column must be accompanied by the writer’s signature and should be limited to 150 words in length. Dear Editor: Sir, I wish to compliment you upon the fine editorial that was written about Hollywood’s idea of college life. Lest we forget in our enthusiasm, I wish to recount a few facts about college life in general and Purdue in particular. 1. Getting a date is like pulling teeth. 2. Whoever saw a Purdue co-ed that gave a male here a break? 3. Most of us are out in the cold
as far as social life on this campus goes. 4. College life is mostly hard work and no play. 5. Do we have a good time ? Not most of us, although I dare say that there are a few that really have a heck of a good time making a lot of whoopee! Now in making your movie, forget the alumni, and inject romance and interest. Don’t make the picture a travelogue. If you do, a combination of bingo, bango, bank night, and screeno will not attract an audience to the picture. S. C. Wolfe, EE ’40.
We’ve been much too meek and humble lately—^not at all nasty. So to all you guys and gals who bother to read this stuff, we dedicate today’s column (maybe our last).
On the other hand a number of eds are wondering why their fraternity brothers bother to import for Military Ball when our own campus produces such luscious, halfbaked, home-grown products.
We hear that Lambda Chi JIM WELSH put his pin out at his fraternity dance Saturday night. It seems we were wrong AGAIN in our romance predicting last week. The New York lad gave his bit of jewelry to a Frankfort girl, Margaret Thompson. Is this the real McCoy, JIM?
BRUCE WITWER .. . ... do you think you can live without the little dark-eyed brunette taxi-dance girl you spent so much time with on the Detroit inspection trip.
FAMOUS LAST LINE: Friday night is the time planned for an “uncorking” good time.
WAiU
MOTIOH FICTUKES ARE YOUR
Starts Tomorrow DOUBLE FEATURE
DEANNA DURBIN HERBERT MARSHALL in 'MAD ABOUT MUSIC — Plus "CRIME RING" with ALLAN LANE
— LAST DAY— MELVYN DOUGLAS FLORENCE RICE IN "FAST COMPANY" — AND — MARGARET SULLIVAN JAMES STEWART IN "SHOPWORN ANGEL" THURS. THRU SAT. GENE AUTRY IN "BOOTS AND SADDLES" — AND — CHARLES FARRELL IN "FLIGHT TO FAME" — PRICES — Matinee 20c Night. 20c-25c Children 10c Night Prices Sundays and Holidays
MARS LAST DAY—
k
DURBIN i« That CMmWAGF
With
MELVYN DOUG TOMORROW-FRI.
Judy Garland
Freddie Barf-hoiomew
In
"LISTEN, DARLING"
mmmm
LAST DAY—
fhe Grandes^gf Sole of His Career!
BOB BURNS
A fafampartl Piifur'e WilK B A I NTER
TOMORROW-FRI.-SAT. TIE WORLD’S SWANKIEST SWING SPOT
PATCPilRiEN-IOHN PAYNE ‘IimiueFIDLER
ARC
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
w/(A RITA OEHMEN RAY WHITLEY —Also—*“Flash Gordon’s Trip to Mars’’
Thurs. thru Sat. YODELIN’ KID FROM PINE RIDGE EXTORTION “ZORRO RIDES AGAIN"
If You Are Going to the Military Ball
"SEND FLOWERS TO MAKE HER EVEN MORE BEAUTIFUL." "SEND FLOWERS TO MAKE HER EVEN MORE PLEASED." Your Friendly Florist
Dorner's Flower Shop
Phone 6050
Mcrin at 7th
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liciity
‘Nice morning, Miss Smith—followed by rain late in the afternoon."
Debris Picture Sittings
Pictures will be taken in the Union tower room at times shown below. Wednesedar, November 9 6:46—Xi Sigma Pi 6:66—Forestry Club 7:00—S. A. E. 7:06—P.I.A. Board 7:16—Student Senate 7:20—Independent Staff 7:80—Sigma Delta Psi 7:86—Theta Alpha Phi 7:46—Tau Kappa Alpha 7:60—Playshop Boa^ 8:06—Concert Choir 8 ;16—WBAA 8:20—ASME 8:36—Chi Epsilon 8:46—ASCE 8:60—Tan Beta Pi 9:00—Ceres
Appear promptly! Schedule must he maintained.
Thursday, November 10 7:00—Hoof & Horn 7:06—Agriculturist 7:16—Pharmacist 7:20—Kappa Psi 7:80—Alpha Phi Omega 7:86—Gold Peppers 7:46—W.S.G.A. 7:60—Y.W.C.A. 8:00—Sportswomen 8106—^Triton Club 8:16—W.A.A. 8:20—Engineer Edit. 8:80—Engineer, Bus. 8:86—Scabbard & Blade 8:46—Delta Rho Kappa 8:60—Luncheon Committee 9:00—Alpha Zeta
You’ll always find the latest ARROW styles at GULLION’S
Buy Your ARROW Shirts and Ties at DEWENTER’S
Conditioned for Comfort
Arrow Shoreham with collar attached and soft pleated bosom is both the smartest and most comfortable shirt you can wear with a tux $3 For more formal occasions, wear the Arrow Lido, with stand-up wing collar. It has the more comfortable narrow bosom with suspender loops to make it lie smooth. Streamlined mitoga fit — Sanforized Shrunk $3
ALLOW DRESS SHIRTS
Ifp
11
l-S
if y
Wednesday# November 9# 1938
THE PUBDUE
Elw^rd Warns Boilermakers That Bucket 25 Fencers Report Hold All-Campus Walking Race Today
Battle Will Be Toughest Game 01 Season U First Heettng;
EXPONENT
“Don't misjudge Indiana’s strength. Bo McMillin and his Hoosiers want to beat us if they don’t win another game. Don’t let anything you hear around school or read in the papers influence you. The Hoosiers are tough!” warned Coach Mai Elward in a short talk to the Boilermaker gridders at scrimmage last night. “You boys really played a great game at Columbus, Saturday. You knocked thbse Ohio State boys silly — legally. But no matter what Indiana has done so far this season or what we have done, the Indiana game will be the toughest one this year.” ,
Mai also thanked all the men who were not able to make any of the trips to out-of-town games but have been out to the practice sessions, aiding the team by scrimmaging against the varsity. “As I told you men at the beginning of the season, you may get your chance at any time,” said Mai. “I might cite the example of Jack Winchell, who played, a great game at guard Saturday after replacing Maloney, whose arm was broken in the second quarter.” Dummy Scrimmage After Mai’s warning the squad was divided into four elevens. After each team had run through a number of plays to limber up, each set of two elevens was pitted against dhe another in dummy scrimmage. Passes and pass defense were stressed. Ball-handling was difficult because of the cold which numbed the fingers of the backfield men. On short bullet passes Mike Byelene Lou Brock, and Jack Brown seemed to have the edge while Jim Nesbitt
showed the most accuracy on long tosses. Carl Verplank, who had been unable to play since the Wisconsin game, returned to practice today for a light workout. His return brightens the right guard prospects which were at low ebb with Jim Maloney'definitely out with a broken arm. Verplank, along with Winchell who filled the breach so admirably against the Buckeyes, is expected to carry the main burden against Indiana. Henry Bremer is also a prospect for the right guard position.
Intramural Notices
Drill Begins Today Fencing prospects will start to work out this evening under the direction of Coach R. V. Finney in the Fieldhouse. Twenty-live men reported yesterday as the first call for candidates was issued. Included in this number were Hoffman, Levin, Stepath, and Bob Meier from last year’s team and Neptune, Mort Meier, Morrison, and Fox who were members of last year’s squad. Plans for the season still are indefinite, but it is probable that the first meet will be with Chanute Field during the second week in December, Coach Finney reported. Also tentative is a home and home series with the Notre Dame squad as well as a trip east during Christmas vacation. Big Ten dual meets will not be scheduled until the second semester, according to Coach Finney, in order to give the boys a chance to get in good shape for these encounters. The other Big Ten schools which have fencing teams are Chicago, Northwestern, Ohio, Illinois, and Wisconsin. The Boilermakers will meet each of these schools during the season.
TOUCHBALLr—To4ay Field Official 1— Sigma Nu vs. Theta Xi. Margolian 2— ^Luma vs. Kakawa. McGrath ■3— ' ' 4—-Ward 13 vs. Ward 6. Chaffee 6—Ward IIX vs. Ward ■ Smithson 6— Ward 12 vs. Ward 6. Weijola 7— Ward 8 vs. Ward 7X. Luce 8— Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 6. Berry
Princeton University has purchased more than 600 volumes of 19th century fiction that were formerly in the Imperial library of the Russian Czar.
Stop!
this IS no time to "duck" the situation
There are just six (6) days to purchase the book picturing all the campus activities at the lowest possible price. Purchase your book NOW. Get your DEBRIS now!
Start your football weekend in this Cartwright designed by martha gale
"Tie Score"—smart JUNIORS -—we say—major in "WOOL-O-WISP/' a super super sheer wool in the warmest-looking specially-dyed shades right out of story-books. Watersprite (aqua), Moonmist (rose), and Gingerbread.
comes
Note: That very CART-
WRIGHT-Iooking belt
from Hollywood.
Sizes 11 -1 3-15
YICTOB R E C O R D S Released This Week
• 26085 Lightly and Politely—F.T. Washboard Blues—F.T. By Tommy Dorsey • 26082 Is That the Way to Treat a Sweetheart.^—F.T. ' I Had to Do It—F.T. Benny Goodman • 26083 After Looking At You—F.T. I Kissed You In a Dream Last Night (Do You Mind.^) Larry Clinton • 26086 Simple and Sweet—F.T. I Won’t Tell a Spul I Love You Bunny Berigan • 26084 Hurry Home—F.T. Tell Me With Your Kisses —F.T. Sammy Kaye THE FOSTER SHOP East Side Square
'fltlder’t.... * ....choic*
Contestants To Gather In Front Of Fieldhouse; Annual Race Starts at 4:15 On Inramural Field
I
Purdue has been pointing proudly to its expansion program here of late, the prime interest of last year being the expensive Fieldhouse and accompanying added athletic facilities . . . now we have a wonderful building to house our athletes with all types of modern equipment but there is something lacking in their care which has been noticeable for quite a few years . . . that need is nothing else than additional trainers. ' —fc— At the present time there are two trainers on the pay roll . . . they are supposed to take care of the football team, the cross-country team, and take care of two supply rooms ... as Lon Mann goes out on the practice field with the football team, that leaves Earl Gripe to take care of the supply rooms and the remaining football and cross country men ... an impossible task any way you look at it . . . we can now house our athletes and supply them, but facilities for taking good physical care of them is woefully lacking. —fc— On the Iowa football trip for instance, Mann had to go alone and do everything himself ... two trainers should have been taken along and at least one left behind to take care of things back here . . . some years ago there were three trainers but the number dwindled down to two for some unknown reason. —^fc— Most of the other Big Ten colleges have four trainers to take care of their precious athletic material ... two are in the training room and two in the supply rooms, and they are. busy all of the time . . . here we. are being outmoded by Indiana, Michigan, and Miimesota, to name a few of the schools ... a deplorable state of affairs considering the circumstances. ^ ° i . ■ i Fieldhouse Rifle Range Opens At 3 Odock Today Student rifle enthusiasts will inaugurate the winter shooting season today in the University range in the basement of the Fieldhouse. Beginning this afternoon the range will be open to all students and from three o’clock to six o’clock daily and from seven o’clock to nine o’clock in the evening on Monday, Wednesday, and Fridays.
The annual all-campus walking race will be staged this afternoon at 4:16 over the same two and onehalf mile course that has been used for the previous cross country races. Starting at the Fourth Street entrance, the contestants will circle Intramural Field three times and finish near the north end of the straight stretch. While several names have been placed on the list up to this morning, Clevett announced last night that anyone wishing to enter the race, but who has not signed up, may report to the Fieldhouse at 4 o’clock with those who have already entered to receive his number. Heel And Toe Open to all students, the event
will be run off by the heel and toe rules. Anyone who does not comply will be automatically disqualified. Clevett stressed the importance' of the contestants reporting at the Fieldhouse at 4 o’clock, as it will speed up the firrlangements and will make it easier to notify entries if weather forces postponement of the race. Last year’s race was won by Gil Tredwell, who finished with the time of 23:42.2. This was the fastest time since J. A. Carey set the record of 23:20 in 1928. This year men who finish first, second and third will receive medals.
EEET TO THE FRONT I at the ... MILITARY BALL in LOVELY SANDALS Modestly Priced
AAA to B 3 to 9
HI-HEELS LO-HEELS DUTCH BOYS PLATFORMS
* Tilted Free EVENING BAGS —to match..
GENUINE GOLD KID SILVER KID WHITE SATIN BLACK SATIN .$1.00
332 Main Street
Lafayette
ihsL
New styles in evening gowns demand new types of corsages and other flower arrangements. We are featuring only the finest and highest quality of flowers for this occasion. In ordering HER flowers, let one of our qualified designers help you select the correct color and arrangement of flowers for HER evening gown. We do not employ solicitors, believing that our designers can assist you in selecting flowers more than an inexperienced solicitor.
CLARK FLORAL CO.
527 main Street
OPEN EVENINGS THIS WEEK
Phone 5432
■/ti
wH 4
3lixaL OdA.
tHE PURDUE EXPONENT
%atlaiA.
Wednesday, November 9. 1939
Alpha lambda Honorary Initiates Eleven Pledges Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman women’s scholastic honorary, initiated 11 girls Sunday at 8:30 a. m., in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Lucille Osborn and Betty Sheay wei’e in charge of the breakfast which followed in the old chestnut room.
to Fieldhouse at the Same time.
-MEIER.
Campus Organizations: Debrii picture scheduie, appears on inside page of paper. Please consult this for time of your organization picture. Please be prompt. (11-10) —ANDERSON.
Beta Sigma Psi vs. Kappa Sigma; 9 p. m., Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Delta Tau Delta, Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. —WILLIAMSON.
Co-ed Bowling4 Today, November 9, at 7 p m.. Alpha Xf Delta vs. PIA; 9 p. m.. Alpha Chi Omega vs. Pedalion. —STOCKER.
Alpha Zeta: Meet in Chestnut Room at 8 m today, November 9 —STONAKER.
YWCA Literature Group: Meeting today, November 9, at 4 :00 in Women’s Lounge. —BUGHER.
d&ssiiied Ads
Mortar Board: Meeting Thursday, November 10, at 4:30 p. m m the Faculty Lounge of the Union. —WOOD. Scabbard and Blade: Formal pledging will be held in the Reception Room of the Union at 7 ;30 p. m., Friday, Novemhei 11. —COEN
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting today, November 9, in WSGA office at 7 :46 p. m. —LEAMING.
WSGA Sophomore Training School: Thursday section will meet Thursday, November 10, in room A at 4 p. m. —LEAMING.
FOR SALE
TTPKVnUTERS—All makea, ataadard and portable, aold. pnrehaaed, rented and repaired. New Portable maehhiee aa low aa 929.76. Snpplica. C. F. Kbenheff, MS Main atreeL
MISCELLANEOUS
Black and Tan Fantasy: Will the following please report to Fowler Hall today, November 9, at 7 p. m.: Clark Langworthy, Stubby Meier, Benny Burns, Bill Dunshee, Bill Benjamin, Peg Davis, Jeanne Beemer, Marjorie Patrick, Marjory Williamson, Kay Howell, Virginia Hoadley, Mollie Harding, Phyllis Shake, Martha Whitehead, Janet / Avery, Henry Amt, Keith Murray, G. Hutton, Ted Etherington, Robert Bauman, Marvin Smith, Jim Chase, G. Kellner, L Small, Bob Skinner, Hubert Pogue —ASHTON
Cosmopolitan Club: There will be no meeting today, November 9, as was previously announced. —AYASUN.
Tau Beta Pi: Important meeting today, November 9, at 7 ;80 p. m., in the reception room of the Union. There will be a discussion of pledging and distribution of shingles. —SMITH.
Thomas Say Entomological Society: Meeting Thursday evening, November 10, at 7 ;16 in the Ag Hall —KNAPP.
WANTED—Your Free delivery.
laundry. Call 36614.
Alpha Phi Omega: Bring dues. Executive meeting 7 :00 today, November 9, at the Alpha Chi Rho house. -WADLEIGH
WSGA Executive Board; Meeting in office today, November 9, at 7 :46. —LEAMING. Purdue Flying Club: Officers and the committee on activities meet in the Union lobby at 7 p. m., Thursday, November 10, to formulate a program of activities for the rest of the school year. Members are invited to attend this meeting. —CHEVEDDEN.
WANTED—Boarders. Good food, reasonable. Call Mock, 76721.
Very
ROOMS FOR RENT
FOR RENT—One-half room, single bed. 424 N Salisbury St
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Post slide rule marked W. H. L. Please contact Lidgard. Phone 2487.
Playshop: The following are declared eligible for Theta Alpha Phi and will meet at Fowler Hall, dressed for Debris pictures, promptly at Z p. m. tonight, November 9. Lawrence Archibald, Valerie Armstrong, Marjorie Blocker, Harry Brenman, Benton Burns, Mary .lane Carr, Gilbert Devore, Patricia Heine, Robert Hettema, Robert Hewitt, Virginia Huffman, Richard Lukenbill, Myra McKee, Joe Martin, Merritt Miller, Lois Randolph, Beverly Rice, Jane Robinson, Virginia Ruddell, Robert Schlendorf, Harriette Shepard -HEINE,
Women’s Open Swim: There will be an open swim for coeds, faculty wives, and clerical staff women, 'Thursday, November 10, from 7 ;80 to 9 p. m. in the women’s pool Free instruction will be given. —YEAGER.
ME 30-ThermodynBmics: There will be a makeup period for missed tests Wednesday, November 9, at 4 p. m in room 207 ME building —MUNRO.
LOST—Slide Rule near Armory. Finder please notify R. S. Pettibone, 413 University. Phone 76721. Reward.
Playshop Stage Crew: Meet in sub-base-ment of the Union at 4 p. m. today, November 9. —MILLER.
ASME Members: Meeting Thursday, November 10, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Prof. C. W. Beese will discuss the Chas. T. Main award. —WOLVERT.
LOST—Pair gold framed glasses between Armory and Northwestern. Phone 66001. Reward. /
Gold Peppers: Debris picture in tower room of Union Thursday, November 10, at 7 :36 p.m. Please be prompt. Wear j'erkins with insignia. —COOLEY
Silver Mask: Meeting will be held Wednesday, November 9, at 7 :30 p m. in room A of the Union Building —LEVIN.
Notices
WAA Council: Meeting Thursday, November 10, at 5 p. m. in the W.A.A. Office —RODERICK.
Eta Kappa Mu: Meeting Wednesday, November 9, at 7 p m. in room F of Union. Election of pledges Actives please be present. —KECK.
Ed and Co-ed Cheerleaders i Co-ed cheerleaders report to Women’s Gym today, November 9 at 4 p. m. Ed cheerleaders report
Activities Movie Photographers: All men alieady signed up as well as any others interested report to me in Room A of the Union at 4 :16 today, November 9. —LUTZ,
WSGA Interviews: All freshmen and transfer women who have not reported for activities interview, please come to WSGA office Wednesday, November 9, between 4 and 5 p. m —BARMES.
Bowling: Thursday, November 10, at 7 p. m., Beta Theta Pi vs Alpha Tau Omega,
University Directories: Undergraduate and special students may obtain directories
.^^dded attr'actions tLe 'hi
We have flowers to suit her every desire — perfumed decoration to set off her costume. She’ll appreciate a beautifully arranged corsage.
• ROSES
• ORCHIDS
• GARDENIAS
l^otLd ^ionst Luna Theatre Building Phones 7955-8050
by presenting their passports at the registrar’s office; graduate students, by presenting their schedule cards. Staff members, except those registered as graduate Students, University offices, and student organizations may obtain their copies at the editor’s office. (11-12) —STONE, Library l,ocker Holders: Report to Librarian’s office, using card wired to your locker. Lockers not reported by December 1 will be considered as Hot in use, and the lock will be cut off. —HEPBURN.
Fraternity Presidents: pinner meeting at Beta house 'Thursday, November 10, at 6 p. m. Please be prompt. -DEAN.
_ Glider Chib: Open Jtneeting in the reception room of the Union Wednesday, November 9, at 7:80 p. m. —moore.
Senior Military; Makeups in MT 7, History and Policy. Students who missed class Tuesday and Wednesday, November 1 and 2, will make up work missed at 4 p. m. Thursday, November 10 in room 103, Armory. Absentees on Thursday and Friday, November 8 and 4 will attend one of the following schedule hours: 3 p. m., Tuesday, November 8: 8, 9, 10 a. m., and 2 p. m. Wednesday, November 9. Test for current week postponed. -PICKERING.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side of Square SHEAFEER, PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
Scrivener: Manuscript reading meeting Thursday, November 10 at 7:46 p. m. at 126 West Lutz Avenue. Special guest meeting Sunday, November 13, at 7:30 p. m. at Doctor Sutcliffe’s. —JUSTIN,
Freshman Editorial Worken: The following schedule is now in effect. All freshmen not yet scheduled contact me. Monday: Ehrhardt, Etter, Traugott, Riegle. Tuesday: Ochiltree, Kuch, Parks, O’Connell. Wednesday: Kennedy, Fletcher, P. Miller, Skallerup. Thursday: Schlossberg, Ruffner, Sears, J. Mueller. Friday: Payne, Daft, W. Smith, Robertson. Saturday: D. Clark. Any worker desiring to change to Saturday may do so. (11-11) —HARDIN.
M. E. 30 Students: Theie will ne a makeup test for all those who have missed previous tests Wednesday, November 9, at 4 p. m. in room 207 of the M. E. building. —MUNRO.
Student Senate: Senate keys are available at 201 Vine street for the price of $1.76. (11-10) —JACKS.
Rifle: Volunteer range officers needed for hours 3 to 4 daily. Phone 2876 stating hours you can serve. (11-10) —CLEVETT. WAA Hockey: Class tournament schedule: Tuesday, November 8—^Juniors va. Seniors. Wednesday, November 9—^Frosh “B” vs. Juniors. ’Thursday, November 10—Sophomores vs. Seniors. Friday, November 11— Sophomores vs. Juniors. —SHAFFER.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry Street Phon« 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
the Purdue Exponent Service s Directory
• iooksfores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. RUSHER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. OpfMsIte Poet Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Florist!
R. J. iATH Watchmaker 605 Main St. '
for distinctive corsages ROTH FLORIST Phone 7955—8050
635 main street
• Professional
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Fiuwen Mein at 7th Phona 6050
The Riak Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—OJJ.S. LUTHER A. R8SK—0.04 Schultz BulMInt 4th and Main Phona 5701
• Tailor
snarrendehl—tailor For Latest Student Styles 4th and Ferry Phone 6030
♦ This year a new car—the Mercury 8—joins the Ford-Lincoln family . . . fulfilling the desire of many motorists for a quality car priced between the Ford V-8 and the Lincoln-Zephyr V-12 and combining many virtues of each. The Mercury brings to a new price field an established tradition — the Ford tradition — of progressive engineering, mechanical excellence and outstanding value.
THE IVEW
M K H f: u te V A 9 m O B V C T OP THE POBD MO'r'OR ^'COMPAVT
The Mercury 8 is a big, wide car, with exceptional room for passengers and luggage. Clean, flowing body lines are Lincoln-Zephyr-inspired. A new 95-horsepower V-type 8-cylinder engine provides an extremely favorable power-to-weight ratio and assures brilliant performance with V-type economy. Mercury brakes are hydraulic; body and chassis all-steel. Appointments and upholstery are luxurious. New developments in weight distribution, soundproofing and seat construction make the Mercury an extremely comfortable and quiet car. . . . Your Mercury dealer invites you to see and drive this new quality car — a new name, a new car, and a new value for 1939.
FEATURES OF THE NEW MERCURY R 116-inch wheelbase; more than 16 feet over-all length • exceptional width and t room for passengers • new 95-hp, V-type 8-cylinder engine • new hydraulic brakes • modern flowing lines • luxurious appointments and upholstery • new soft seat construction • thorough scientific soundproofing • balanced weight distribution and center-poise design • large luggage compartments.
FORD-BUILT MEANS TOP VALUE
FORD MOTOR COMPANY, MAKERS OF FORD, MERCURY, LINCOLN-ZEPHYR AND LINCOLN M^TOR CARS
LAFAYEHE MOTORS CO. Inc 5th and South Streets Phone 5005
ilr
i i