m
►
Poll Shows Do Not Favor
ing Coed Hours^
Etijilblithed I8S9
^c/putmeM 9 Daily Since 1906
War Council To Presenft Convo Friday Explaining, Studenfs Part In ifeir
MliiweSIvNo. 115
West Lafa^^tfO, Indiana
Wednesday, February 11, f 9#!
dnint Poll Indicates Majority
^itistics Show 84.6 Per Cent Of Men CMI Reduction For Coeds 'Heedless'
Inierfratemiiy Ball To Feature
#ir
SumDiir work
. Carnegie-lllinois Steel Corporation (tr. S. Steel Corporation Subsidiary) is interested in Jiin-’ iors for summer work. If inter-
estedj be sure to attend group meeting for juniors only in room 214 of the Mechanical Building on Thursday evening, Feb. 12,
at 7:30.
To
iaI Convo Friday At
Exponent poll completed yesterday on the
(i|liastion of coed hours involved in the recent Associated Womj^jiSttidents' ruling show that ah pyerwhelmihg majority of thi cfos^ section of the student body contacted believe that
ihh reductioh considered is an “unwarranted interference With Music for the annual Interfrathe^tjjdhrit’s private life, and the sayings in electricity, heat, Presjdents’ Ball, which will
University Drive Ends
Tomorrow
Pro/. Hockema Will Discuss Monday's Draft Registration
ah| dihhfhh resources are non-existent or negligible.’’ The per- held this Friday m both bail-
’'i-L. -j, ' fl . ... „. « rooms of the Union, will be provided centage of m®!^ favoring such a viewpoint was 84.6. Women by Johnhy “Scat” Davis and his vdfednh the'Same measure 74.7 per cent. orchestra. Hours for this formal
Four points of view on, the coed dance, as anndunced by Rex Mayhoura conWovei'sy were polled in field. President of the Inteirfraterthe survey, which was conducted by nity Presidents’ Council, will be
members of the Exponent staff. from 8:30 to 11:30.
Second In Voting The ball committee, acting in coSecond in order of popiUarity operation with the Student Senate’^ With student opinion was the belief I’ocoinmeiidation, has voted that no that “wartime is the time to in- coinages be worn at the dance.
crease rather than decrease recrea- , ^
tioi, ai'id ehtertainment; hence there the Blackhawk Restaurant in is no justifiable reason for limiting Ghic^eo. Feature.1 with the orchescoed hours.” Of the men 12.86 per Son^tress Gloria Van,Trom. cent favored this viewpoint while McReyimlds and Tony 16.6 per cimt or the coeds chose it. C-abot’s saxophone playing. ^
It was while playing with Jack O’Grady’s orchestra, his first start
By Dtew Pearson and' Robert S. Allen
Tomofroty noon will be the last time that contributions can be made to the All-University Relief Fund Drive. The table and box in front of the Sweet Shop, which have been set up to accomniodate students wishing to make contributions, will be taken aWay tomorrow. Today will be official independent day and all independent students are asked to contribute. It was announced yesterday that over eleven dollars had been received at the Sweet Shop stand. This and the fifty dollars contributed by the PIA on the — i-— i...
Role of the student body in the war effort of the Univer.sity will be outlined and emphasized at a special convoeation sponsored by the Student War Council to be held next Friday, at 11 a.m. in the Hall of Music. Faculty and student leaders ^rill address the convocation, for which all, classes will be dismissed. , Richard Dibos, chairman of the Student War Council and president of the Student Senate, will preside over the special .— • —— —— meeting, which will be opened
The other two points were on the
• opposite tack.^Qn the question that j^^nny
coed hours should be curtailed in order to aid national defense” 1.14
first day swells the total receipts
to over sixty dollars. Below Expectations
Damon Elder, chairman of the Relief P’und Drive, said that this was grehtly below the expectations of those sponsoring the drive because of the lack of cooperation on the part of the student body. A per-
Dean Reed Deliyers Lecture At Indiana Two-Day Oil School
Ruth Rose To Meet Frosh Coeds
with selections by the band and glee club and the singing of “America.” President E. C. Elliott will present the keynote address after which Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assistant
. Approximately 300 oil tank truck drivers and bulk oil plant managers
jfps Spur Quisling^
, I ill Ch ina, Bui Ch iang
JCairShek Hold$ Firm WAsBtlNGTON, Feb. 10.
Davis became a “scat” singer, an
„ , , ad libber. Davis organized his own per cent: of the men and 3.3 per cent o^.^hestra after working with Fred of the women agreed. Waring's Pennsylvanians and apVotihg that “coeds are staying poaring in several movies,
out too late now, and war or no war, their hours should be curtailed”
Freshmen co-eds interested, in working on the Exponent editorial staff should attend the callout meeting to be held in room 304 of the Union at 4:15 this afternoon. Ruth
Special convocation next Friday will replace the third Student War Council program. Prof. C. B. Murphy, scheduled speaker, will present the lecture next weelt
Seed Inspection Class Meets Tonight At 7:15
Thl
Fifst meeting of the Seed Certi-
were 1.4 per cent of thc' men and a relatively large 6.6 per cent of the
cobds.
Exponent editors have urged that
it should be borne in inilid that the ^
committee poll was not taken on the AWS ac- ficatioh Inspector’s Training School glowing reports of the, ^jo,, th^ broad question in- will be held tonight in room 404 of
tffaVfcg::airi tough fighting quali- volVcji: , the Agricultural Hall, according to ■xi when Secrc- Combination results of those fa- an announcement received last tairy of war Stimson and other cabr disagreeing with the night; from Marion Learning, who is
move to reduce coed hours at the in charge of the school,
present time show the following results: For reduction—men 2.54 per cent, women 8.8 per cent; against reduction, men 97.46 per cent;
women 91.2 per cent.
sonal contact system of collecting representing Indiana Farm Bureau of funds will be instituted unless Co-operative Associations through-
student contributions increase Indiana yesterday attended the Hose. Goed Editor, will conduct the to the president, will outline the greatly today, according to Elder, final sessions of a two-day oil school >«eeting and explain the work of procedure to be followed in the neW Ihc Keliet fund Coordination , ,, , • • ■ the coeds and the general set-up of selective service registration next
Committee is sponsoring thc drive held at the University. the paper. Monday. ’
to combine'the campaigns of seven The program inciudcci Dean of Freshmen workers do not have to War Council Introduced ‘
different groups in one single un- Aff^’^oulture H. J. Reeds outline of have any special journalistic abiliderlaking. Those organizations the part the University’.s Agricul- tigg o^. experience. The only re-
quirements of the new staff members are*that they have a fair un-
ihijit bflicefB testified behind closed (ioofs oh the $600,000,000 loan to
Ehihar
llbycyer, the committee also got sbmc infoi'ination about internal affdits in China which wasn’t so
heai'tehifl^.
; S'Ceretary ' Morgenthau warned that the, morale of the Chinese civ-ilian-pOpuldtibn was not thc best. Initial iJkp successes in the Pacific ^outhweiit had,something to do with
this; hfe said, but the chief reason Radio station WBAA will hold an Was; acUttf and protracted economic audition for all students desiring distress, which had brought infla- staff positions this afternoon at 4
WBAA Will Sponsor Staff Audition T oday
tipn and widespread starvation, j “We must take Steps without delay to stabilize Cliiucse currency,!* Morgenthau held. “That’s just as iiiiliortanf, if not more so, at the moment than arms ship-
ments.”
The situation has been greatiy WBAA staff
in their studios in the basement of
the Music Hall.
Auditions will be held for thc positions of announcers, script writer's, sound effect technicians, and
Stai,;ting,,to.night meetings will be held every Wednesday night from 7:16 until 8:16 and will continue until the middle of Api’il. Students who successfully complete this course will qualify for work this summer as a seed certification in-
spector.
Training will consist of instruction in identifying different hybrids, isolation inspection, detasseling inspection, inspection of foundation stocks and small grain inspection. Kellar Beeson, Secretary of the Indiana Corn Growers Association, and Marion Learning will teach the course. Approximately twenty students were employed last summer, not in-
consist of news and feature writing, copy reading, headline wi'iting, rewriting and editing. Soon the freshmen will have to take over the
Which will benefit from thc dona- tural Experiment Station and detions include the Red Crossi, World partment of agricultural extension Student Service Fund, British War have in offering help to Indiana Relief, United China Relief, Golden farmers in carrying out their warRule Organization, United'Service time production responsibilities. Organizations and thc American Discuss Special Problems Field Service. ^ Discussions of special interests Complete returns on faculty con- and problems 'Were held under the tributions and those from the fifty direction of members of the agrior more organizations including cultural engineering department
fraternities, sororities, Gary Halls yesterday, and ideas on the, most jobs . now handled by the sophoand. WRH are not available at this efficient care of fai'm machinery and mores. Coeds work from 4 until 6 time but they will be published in ways to obtain the most satisfactory two afternoons a week.
usage of fai'in tractors and gasoline
engines were presented.
Subjects of particular interest to the group were discussed at the meetings by representatives of the state organization of thc Farm Bureau Co-operative. At the conclusion of the conference “Five-Star Club” pins were awarded to 134
Ground OOUrS0S plant managers in recognition
their achievements in their I'espec tive fields of service. '/
Following the introduction of the other nine members of the Studfht War Council, Chairman Dibos will
, , discuss student questions regarding derstandingof English grammar, a-situation which ha^e will to work and possesses a sense presented to the Council. Sftt-
of humor.
Work on the editorial staff Will
dents will then be given an opportunity to ask questions from the floor. Glee club selections and thb playing of the National Anthem will
conclude the convocation.
the Exponent as soon , as they are
received.
Seeks Men
4-H Leaders Disi|I
Applicants For CAA^r Effort Expansioli Training Must Sign At Training Conference
In Meikle's Office
Contributions that Indiana 4»fi Clubs can make to the nation’s wir
Students plaiming to enter the effort and the importance of par- ° p spring Civilian Pilot Training Pro- ents’ cooperation in developing recognition of gram must file their applications 1 -i-- —i—-.-i -j-
aggravated recently, thc committee was told, by intensive fifth dplumn activities to spread dissention in the Chinese army and distrust of of the United States among civil-
ians. ,
In this connection. Assistant Secretary of Stale Brcckcnridgc Long made some cyc-opcniiig disclosures about secret Jap maneuyers to negotiate a peace with Generalissimo Chiaiig Kai-shek. The: Chinese war lord indignantly rejected these overtures, Long deeiared, but Quisling elements in China were continuing their intrigues among both troops and
civilians.
Radio Stage. Students qualifying eluding the supervisors. Over 17,000 at thc tryouts will become regular acres of grain were inspected for
certification.
By Don Frier
Micliael Golden Shops are fast nearing a twenty-four-a-day schedule of operation in their efforts to train welders and machinists for war industry. According to Prof. R; W. Lindley, general supervisor of the shops, plans arc already made to utilize these facilities for vocational training during every hour that they are not needed for the instruction of the University’s students. , , It should be emphasized tliat tlie work being given is en-
These traitorous forces arc led tirely non-techiiical training in certain of the manual skills: by _Beveral high officers formerly on No connection b'etwecn this —-—— i-
program and that of the much- enough training and experience
speedy and u„»,..mous action ‘ work Into p.eduetioi. welding i.
to
Although recent action by Secretary of War Henry L. Stimson dropped the two-year college requirement formerly needed for enlistment as an Aviation Cadet, the Army Air Corps still needs men wlu) have received special college
training for ground duty.
Courses are being opened to men with engineering, scientific or mathematical training. Tliese men will be known as Aviation Cadets and on completion of their training will receive commissions as second lieutenants in tlic Army Air Corps which will enable them to enlist in armament, engineering, communications, meteorology or photog-
raphy.
Course Prerequisites The prerequisites for the ground courses are: Armament: Training is extended to civilians, former cadets, cadets now undergoing instruction, and
Will Tea 3:B0 This Aft'ernoon
Wesley Foundation Student Center is sponsoring a “Stitch and
immediately with Director G. Stanley Meikle in his office on the third floor of the Executive Building, according to word received yesterday. All students enrolled in the basic ROTC course will be expected to sign and execute the regular GAA affidavit, in which the applicant
Whittle Tea” this' afternoon from agrees to continue training in mili3:30 to 6 p. m. for all Methodist tary aviation after completion of students. the CAA program. The Freshmen Commission of the However, advanced ROTC cadets Foundation is sponsoring for this (third and fourth years) will not be mid-week period of relaxation. Tea required to sign this affidavit. The and f light refreshments will be advanced students will be admitted served. Mary Beth Dayhufl: will upon presentation of a letter from pour with Catherine Jane Warren Colonel D. M. Beere, PMS&T, statassisting. From tilmc to' time vari- ing that the Civilian Pilot Training ous programs will be instituted with will be beneficial to the applicant’s these teas. general military training.
Typifies 'Perfect College Man'
byiCorigfess beeuuse of the psycho- publicized engineering, sci-
For over two weeks thc machine
rt^ effect it would have in the ence,and mahagementxMensc J
Orient.; - , . training program should be m- ^ afternoon unOrientals arc very sensitive about fen-cd, Our shop,s are, figuratively ],0:30at niglilwithlmlfanhour life uiaiiner in which an offer of help^ g under sub-contract to the ^^t for dinner. This course operis ma(|e, he explained. While the local high schools who arc regular- ates six hours a night for five nights money IS desperately needed and jy assigned the vocational part of week and will continue for a While the Chinese are entitled to (lefensc training by the United uvclve weeks. Although
men who have had schooling in-en-
gineering or science.
Cominuiiicutions: Candidates must have two years of engineering studios or have had two years of
tliis instruction is primarily on the lathes, the more progressive students will be given an opportunity to work on many of the dthcr ma-
chines in the shop.
Of interest to college students.
aid; as our allies, the Japs would states Office, of Education, try to impugn our motives if Con- Registration for a new sclicdulc gress gave tliein thc. slightest op- welding courses is now nearing portiinlty. completion. A capacity class of 16 f Heroic Chinese ' arc welding students and 20 gas StilDSOii devoted most of his torch handlers have already signed
statement to eulogizing tlie Chinese wp for woi’k from 5 in the afte¥» instructors is the experiment ariiiy. noon till 10 at night. Another group j,j teaching technique which is be“No army in thc history of tlic of arc welders wlio will work froiu Juj, conducted with one of the classwqrid has bi'aver or more resource- 10 at niglit until 3 in the morning Vocational training consists al-
ls fast filling up. “Dawn Patrol”
If there is sufficient demand, a “dawn patrol” will also be organ-
aiid against almost insurmountable ized to carry the torches from 3
odds, aftvi' five years of aggression until 8 in the morning. These class- cd methods will indicate how much by a ruthless invader. cs will meet six nights a Aveek for information the type of pien en^‘Cut off from communications, 1,0 weeks making the courses of rolled in these courses can be exHupplics and shipping—with no fl- three hundred hours duation. This peeted to assimilate from lectures (Continued on page 2) amount of time gives the man and printed instructions.
ful spldiers than the Cliinese,” he said in effect. "The best proof of this is that they are continuing to fight, with unbelievable sacrifice
most entirely of laboratory experionee, but one of these groups will receive an hour of lecture with each 10 hours of their course. The results of this deviation from accept-
By Charlotte Hass
Paul Robeson, who is coming to the University to present a selection of his famous “negro spirituals” next Saturday at 7:30 p.m.,
,, , , , , , has had an unusually siiecessfiil college and hold an amateur- radio . , . < -
life since he was very young.
iccnse. . i, . As a boy in the sixtli grade, RobcEngiiieering: Applicants must ^
liave completed three years of engineering study at an accredited
colloge or university.
Meteorology: Prospective students must be college graduates liuving specialized in engineering
or similar technical subjects. Math- 1 ban Perfect ematics, including differential and The^boy adored his father and he integral calculus, and physics must never forgot the incident. “Notliing have been in the college courses. less than perfect” became his Pliotogfaphy: Training is given watchword tlirougliout his schoolto men with three years of chem- days, his advent in thc theatre, and
istry or geology at an accredited jii ids concerts.
college and with professional or con- Young Robeson's hrilliaiico ill siderablc amateur experience. At higli school won him a scliolarship
being one of Rutgers’ few four-let-termpn. Walter Camp called’ him
“the greatest defensive end that ev- wilkbe held at Bedford on Feb- ID-
work was the subject of disoussioia yesterday at the final sessions of the two-day northern and centtiti districts 4-H Adult Leaders’ Traiil* ing Conference held at the University in cooperation with the Rotary
Clubs of the state.
More than 110 persons representing nearly 60 counties attended the third annual conference which lyas designed to bring together adult 4-H leaders in order that they mi^ht discuss further developement of 4-iH work throughout the state. A ifariety of subjects Avere handled by the state leaders and adult cliab leaders explained how 4-H clubs could help in the war effort by expanding their present programs of Avork, producing more food, emphasizing nutrition, and preservihg all
surplus food produced,
Meeting'at noon with the Lafayette Rotary Club, the leaders attending the latter part of the conference heard an address on “Leadership for Rui'al Youth” by BirHarold Cooper, Marion, Rotary governor for central Indiana. A similar conference for southern Indiana
son brouglit home a report witli A’s and 1 B. It was tlie best record of the class. “,Son, vvhat’s the B doing there'!” a.skcd his father, a kindly but linn Methodist uiinis-
ter. '
present applications for this branch are not being accepted. Physical requirements do -not include passing the regular flight physical exam. Thc courses are available to men between the ages of 18 and 26.
to Rutgers College, Avhere he originally eiitcreil with the idea of taking law and spending his spare time
er trod the gridiron.” Won j^hi Beta Kappa Key Robeson’s father, Avho was born an American slave, lived to see his son Avin tlie Phi Beta Kappa key his junior year. His logic, command of speech, and disarming personality made liim Rutgers’ star debater. He graduated as “the, perfect type of college man.” In 1932, he received the degree of Master of Arts at his Alma Mater. Paul Robeson started out to be a lawyer. After a three-year course at Columbia univermtyI lie received his degree. While appearing in a YMCA play at that time, ho Avas seen by PlayAvright Eugene O'Neil, who was immensely impressed. Considerable persuasion finally iiidueed Robeson to take tiie lead
and 20.
Cutler, Probst Attend Soybean Conference
Prof. G. H. Cutler and A. H.
Probst of the agronomy department yesterday attended the final sessii^l of the two-day Regional SoyfoeA)^ Conference held at the regional soy* bean research laboratory, Utbaneit 111. The conference considered last season’s data regarding coopefatiVA tests of soybean strains and mado
plans for this year’s tests. Dr. Olaf Aamodt of the Buread
of Plant Industry, U. S. D. A.,, dij|;* cussed policies regarding 6oyh§^ production problems for 1942^ Tb^a
in O’Neil’s own-“Emperor Jones,”
after which his cai'eer was well- conference took the form of a rOliild
on the debate team. However he assured. From plays he later turned table in Avhich Cutler and Btobst soon became recognized for liis alh- to spiritual singing Avhich took him participated. It Avas made up letic ability. He won his “R” in foot- to the capitals of Europe iu a high- representatives froni the cq^Qi
ball, baseball, basketball, and track, ly successful tour. states.i *':■■■
H Si!
* ■ I
A I
^f,rg ' ’"i'
V |>^'n Wkiting for several days now ^n objection- And now that we , hjive the facts to back up the objection* we’re , .Itiliitmg it. It'concerns the recent Associated Women’s Students’ ruling concerning the re^d^ion ip coed hours. „ objodtion contains several points. In the first place, it has met with great disapproval from the students. The results of Ekponent’s poll printed on the front page of today’s ^aper show that, In answering the poll, students showed that they thought that the reduction “ . . . is an ^nwaiTartted interference with the students’ t rivate life, and the savings in electricity, eat and human resources are non-existent dr negligible.” ^ They,,were quite right in each point. We don’t ihtehd to argue about the interference with the private lives of the students, ft is tip to each individual to decide whether or hot his or her private life has been subjected to ittterferenee. T.he other points, though—and they were pepUy the reasons given for the action by AW3—are more open to arguement. The saving in light will be tremendous— by shutting off the lights in the Residence Halln for eight additional hours each month, 'p; reduction of $4.45 of the Hahs’ $400 light bill will purchase almost 18 Defense stamps— '25?eent size. The reduction in heating cost will probably run a little higher. Perhaps as high as twentyfive stamps. We have no intention of belittling the stamps that are paying the cost of Uncle Sam’s war effort, but we have every intention of belittling those people, on campus and elsewhere, who use an emergency of this type to pass asinine rules and regulations just for the
Purdue Exponent
‘J’v
February It,
‘ect
Pers^li
" ’ . If senior js jafeesteAijti an sake of being able to say that they are doing interview with any
their bit' ehmpames, coippl^te one of the y^i-
Of the'conservation, (i human energy and
resources, little need be said. Few P^opl® office. You will be notified by card Purdue are so exhausted that two more hours jko P.ej:sonnel offi?? wfion to of sleep per week will raise them to a higher schedule fqr a,p,ihtervi9>v. peak of efiieiency—or reloa.SO thorn for that Drayo Corporatioh, , Pittsbm;a'h; time to some other task. Besides, we had und^stood. prior to this time, that in titte? like these, an effort should be made to increase, ^prk. not decVohse, the recreation arid plOaSUre of Harnischfeger Corp., Milwaukee the people concerned. With the intensified Wis.—March 9. University schedule, this should be more im- National Supply Co., Pittsburgh, rsvrk,- Pa.—Peb. 20. M.E., Gh.E., Met. ^ t , E.,,P-S-E. and T. and I.E. The student body has reacted very well, we uguco Mfg. Co., inc., Frankfort. think, to the demands that%ve been brought 2. to it. We expect more such .d,emari.dSf We arc Babcock & Wilcox Co;, Barberreafiy to meet them. We realize full well that ton, Ohio—Feb. 16. E.E. and G.E.’s these deriiands must be Jhade, and'iriaat be for produetipn work and Gh.E. s for met if we are to he suicessful'in 6lir efforts Smpany. Battle Cvek, to win. this war. Mich; — Feb. 23. M.E. and E.E. But is this increase in demand for pur time, covning Gilass Works, Gharlerqi, pur money, and for ^me df us our lives, to be Pa.—Feb. 25. M.E., Ch:E, e.e., b.s. accompanied by camp-followers such as this and Ph.D. in Ghemistry, and Ph.D. apparently useless ho»r reduction? Physicists. . /.. We object to this ruling because we consicl- Phileo Radio _ Tehvisidn Corp. (A •4. 1 u o 4! Vvi u wtUir Isq division of PhiLco Corp.) Philadelent useless, because we feel that it may be - _e.e >s. Sign in school office a portent of more, and Woree, such asinmity to come, and because we feel that it is an in- Metropolitan, Life Insurance Gh , terference with our own private affairs. Jlifig- Actuarial ipivision, New York, N.Y. ing from the results of the poll, We speak for —Undergraduate men for summer the great majority of the Purdue student fpedaliy those with a major ,v’. lU mathematics. Anyone interested, riody. please come to the Personnel Office What is to be dope then ? There is only one y thing to be done. At the risk of seeming to The Elliott Company, Cincinnati, backtrack or perhaps to ‘Jose face,’ AWS Ohio—Feh. 18. ME and EE. should rescind this silly ruling before it goes U- S. Marine Corps, Central Re;„to effect Friday, They could rfpt raise mueh more of a furor than has already been done, Pe.rsonnel office so they have nothing to lose and everything before ii a.m. Feb. 12..
to gain. How about it, girls? J.w.r.
The Bottle U Strange whisperings among' the physics instructors were being heard by the Cork as we walked through the long, dark corridors of the new Physics Building. The muffled phrases took the form of “meet you tjown in the dead room at 4 o’clock,” “blood running through a person’s veins makes a grotesque sound down in the dead room” and so on. Everyone knows that the mortality rate among physics students is high, fipt surely it was not high enough to require a special room for the fallen students to be buried in! Or •was it? Needless to say, the Cork, being timid like we are, dashed home like we were being chased by one of the women pistol toters the Colonel is turning out. Our physics grade was nothing to tell our roommate about. But Saturday came and it was time we were getting something for the Neck. It was with reluc,trance that we dragged our unwilling legs back to the huilding where force is a vector quantity and lab is one big gripe. # • ' The door was locked. “New ruling,” the janitor who 'Was moping the floor said after he opened the door. He continued that no one was allowed to enter the building on Satui'day afternoon without a key and proceeded to let us in. “Where’s the dead room,” we blurted. “Nothing dead much in here,” said tlie jnah as he dripped a new mopful of water on the floor. So the Cork went e.xploring. # •- A door down in the basement was open and lookiug in, we noted a la,>'ge rack with long strips of white cloth strung back and forth through it. The cloth reminded us of what wc had seen mummies wrapped in, With his back to us stow) a human bending over .a large ,pot, stirring intently some dark liquid which be looked into as the pot heated over a blue flame. Jn the far corner of the room was an iron staii'way leading flown into the darkness. No doubt at the bottom of the stairs lay the sepulchral burying gi’ounds. Legs, don’t fair the Cork now! t ♦ . As we stood frozen solid to the spot the man stir-
ring the pqtept flpid wheeled around, looked at us, and then stirred again, but slower this tinie, Our voice cracked as we explained that we were the Cork and Wanted to know just ‘‘what was going on down here.” It didn’t sound too convincing, but- the man said “Come along” and we foilow'ed him down the stairs. , ■ ' •- '• “We have two rooms clown here,” explained the man whom we later found to be Professor Abbott, “this one is the dead room and next to it we have the live room.” We sensed that experiments were going to be run on bringing the dead students back to life; so we asked him what the purpose of the room's was to be. ■ k '
Aircraft Badio Laboratory, Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio. February 12 and 13, E.E. only. Eli Lilly & Co., Indianapolis, lad. —Coming soon. Phanaacists, ClieniIsts, Chemical Engineers, and Sci-
ence.
Rohm & Hass Co,, Bridesburg, Philaclelphia, Pa.—Coming soon. M.E., Ch.E., Chemists. Please sign on sheet in your school office before 11 a.m, Saturday, Feb. 14. American Can Go., Maywood, 111. —Feb. 13, Cli.E. interested in industrial research. Come to Person-
nel Office to sign up.
Detroit Edison Go,, Detroit, Mich. Feb. 24. Juniors for suinmer work. Sign up in the Pe.rsonnel Office. Standard Oil of Indiana, Chicago, Feb., 1,8. Ph.D., M.S., B.S.,
.WEDNESDAY • . 9:66 News 10:10' The Curio Man 10:16 Morning-Melodies l0:3Q WBAA 10:45 Theatre of Mong 10:66 News 11:00 “Ne'wfP4Per,.,;^n,d Article Wiltiiig” with ProfJ. H. McK^. 11:50 PmMue News 11:55 News 12 :fi0 Agricultural jp’gfpm 12:16 Meet the Band 12:46 .Music 12:65 News „ 1:00 “Principles of Sociology” , with Fb'of. T. k. Ndfes 1:46 Markets 1:55 .News 2:00 Story a Day 2:16 Script 2:30 Moods in Music with Mrs. C, ;W- Hemmer 3:5.6 News 3:00 Music., :■ 3; 1.6 June Eller-^pianist ,3,i30 Organ Moods 3:56 News . 4:00 Tea Time 'Tunes 4:30 Jloannfi Eloyd-^pianist 4:45 The Curio Man 4:50 Music 4:56 News' 5:Q0 Just Relax 6:15 Current Books with Helen
Seaton
6:30 yespei'vS 6:45 Little Miss Muffett 5:56 News 6:00 Dinner Hour \ 6:30 Sports Review 6:45 Music 6i56 News .7:00 Symphony Hall 7:65 News . , 8:0,0 What’s Art To Mo ? 8:15 Ruth Ralston-—singer 8:30 From the Press Box with Stew'Wolfe, 8:45 Eventide Echoes 8:55 News . 9:00 Musicana 9:55 News 10:05 OFF THE AIR
IMMhy^o-kound , (Cp.ntinued from page 1) naiicial res.ources to speak of—they have resisted the enemy with a heroism and tenacity that has won the admiration of free peoples every-
ivhei^e.”
Questioned aboet the ability of the Chinese to hold out, Stimson Bts.isted that, >yith JJ- awd British help, they would more than hpld their pwn against th^ japs. TJje War Secretary also toM the committee that there are mahy strategically located airports in China available for bombingYrnds on japan. / Co'inmerce Secretary Jesse Jones also joined in acclaiming the Chijiesis, .He. partieularly . lauded, their honesty, pointing out that the Chine,se.^,gpyernjnent has a splendid record of paying its d,ebts to the United States.. : , . “The Chinese are a proud people who believe in paying their /debts,’' Jones said. “A significant t® PI® tb® fapt that they have npt taken all the credit that . jias, been available tp them in loan authorizations by the ExportImport Bank.” • (Silamor-Pusses Up on Capitol Hill a lot of people think that not even the Japanese themselves could have found a better way to hurt war morale than by the current epidemic of “Glamor-
Pusses.”
. “.Glapior-Pusses” is'the name givep to the, squad of actors, ,da?icers and artists who have recently moved in on Washington, climaxed by Mrs.
RooseveIt''s''dahcing' f rictidv -j^dhd^ Mayris for directiiig child health in; tn® P^r ficc';.of Gi-whan .k Beal fa®t is Mayris Chaney merely touched off publicity regarding the fact that quite a list of Glamor-Pus-ses have haen 4a»«i»g Jhiefc way through the d®f®”fe Pi®lw:® many months. , / , - In alUfairness it should h® said ithat some of riiem have contribht^ ' more to the -war effort bungling $l-aryear big 'husih-®®®" men. Even Mrs. Roosevelt’s blond® • .danqing girj at a salary of a year probably js costly fo the . American taxpayer than certain ' . l^atlonaf Defense, business adviser^ ,■ who opposed setting up tin smelters in the U. S. A., md later were; found to itay®, vbi^®n hJ.pa® to the British tin monopoly. Their ,'cbrt to the nation was pr.ieelessn()oiffh^,*'*^4 millions of dollars in economic dislocation. . , ,, ' . ; Trouble with most of .the GlftmoVPus.ses is that their speeialty is glamor, yet they have been gi'ven important executive jobs where glamor is a handicap. ; ' .k (Copyright, 1942, by Uhitea'-Pea-ture Syndicate,-Incij' ,. i Everything I College Ed^^^iion I .DEAC’A'r,!,
LAST TIMES TODAY
►TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
The Cork became extremely relieved and disap pointed when Professor Abbott told us that the tooms jj]_
%vere to be used in sound experiments.1 The dead room chemistry B.S., M.S. in Chemical has walls which are practically a hundred per cent Engineering. B.S., M.S., Ph.D. Phy-
sound absorbant, while the live room has walls which sicists. absorb no sound at all. We grew more saddened when we learned that the cloths, which were being fire proofed by the chemicals the professor was brewing were being used to line the walls and ceiling and floor
of the dead'room.
The two rooms are a building with-in the Physics Building. It has a special foundation and its walls do not touch the walls of the building around jt in anyplace. This eliminates any vibration which is likely to occur when a student falls out of his seat up in one of the lecture rooms. • —-• The rooms are to be finished before the end of the .semester at which time a defense class will start expei'iments in there. A control panel for the two r.ooms is situated right at the bottom of the stairs, and concerning the cfantrol panel, Professor Abbot told us that it is to be connected with the lecture room up-, stairs. Thus in the future, every formula constructed by the consti'uctful Prof. I. Walerstein, every explosion the dependable A. P. Morrow has to clean up, and eveiy snore snored during a physics lecture, will be transmitted down into the control panel next to the dead room. All very interesting but the foriii' that trudged past the janitol- a little later was the Cork —a disilusioned man.
LAST TIMES TODAY -
TOMORROW
FRI.
lOc PAUL'S PLACE lOe Beef Steak Beef Barb-rQ Home Made Chili Pork Tenderloin Furnas Icc Cream Phone 2645 Wc Deliver
LUMA LAST DAY — 2 HITS scandal .■^•^ookin ; HAL ROACH fi'icUnU . ; W;MI$5 POILYI ^ZASU Pins-SLIM SUMMERVILLE'
PLUS
A BICYCLE BUILT "FOR PHEW^ but Pete’s out of the dog house now!
THURS. - FRI, - SAT. — 2 FIRST RUN HITS — with Albeit DSKKER Susan HAYWARD Frances FARMER
PLUS
DON BARRY 'ARIZONA TERROR'
WHEN PETE LIT HIS PIPE, poor Patsy got dizzy. “Listen to me, my love!” said she. “You stop and get some mild tobacco that smells good or else!”
University Calendar
Wednesday/ February 11 9:60 A.M.—Fir.st Aid Room 305, Union 10:00 A.M.—Supt. of State Institutions..Room 263, Union 7:00 P.M.—P.I.A. Dance Class ;...North Ballroom, Union 7:00 P.M.—Maniage Course Reception Rooms, Union
Acacia
... social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following: Don W, Baughman, Linton; William Berryman, Lafayette; Herman R. Bentley, Hammond; Maurice Boots, Clarks Hill;- Van Parrow, Honolulu, T. H.; John p. Flexon, Alton, Illinois; Charles 0. Huffman, Hagerstown.
filUidm. £xfiotmd, AILAmerican 1940'-'41 Entered as second class matter at the pq,st office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879,,and at tlie special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, actfof October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Puolished daily except Monday djurihg the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
Kjllor'ln-Cbief.. Nejv» Ediinr. Sportj> Editor
..Ned A, Ochiltree Buaines? ftlnnakcr...., ....! ..John Jj. TraueoU Manaeinff Editor Phil Johnson Cped Editor
•Pen s,. p0F«M Leland W, Ruffner .....Blith Bos*
Publication Staff AsBociate EditorB Editorial Olaff: J. K. Aiiioa, J. 11. Armstrong, U. T. Ilropby, Jt. L. Hadley, K. 1. Junta, E. G. Kiefier. UeertB Staff; O. 1’. ejark, J. p. I'ruaar, J, S. Kcelcir, Coed Staff: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Cliatfieid, Jane Bamsdell.
$iaff . Coed BuBincsB Manager: Donna Bicaa; Office NanagT: Lee HoBaong. I.aicBl Advertiaing Managers; K, K. Gjcmrc. B. JS, Saxtop i Cireulatioii Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D, Millard; Junior Coed Managers i Jean Frankenberry, Frances Ijoyd. Julia Martin.
.fhanes: EdUprial and Bu$ihes;, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After IQ P, M., 5377
Itepreaented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New 'York, N. if.
Staff For Thif Hruo
Nifht Editor! Boaurmore / Issue Editor: Jones
Day Editor; Ramsdell ' Sports Editor: Clark
^ Beporters; M. h. Rigt's. C. tlass, D. Pickering, C. C. Murtindell, E. Ahrens, R. rt Warlpn, J. Liiuer, 1), I,, .Schoenleln, M. J. Stabile, K, Christman, G. W. Starr, D. E. Buti, J, D, Smith.
Saturday, pL'liruary l4th Send a box of delicious Schrafft’s, Bunte’s, Gobelin’s Valentiiie candy. Girls why not send a box of Valentine candy to yoiir friends in the Service It will lie appreciated. We wrap and mail free of cliarge in first or second zone, -—Valentine Cards for Everyone—; HOOK fioei
T>^^ CLASS FOR JLAajIS «NTLEMEN OPENS FRIpAY^ FEe. Uth 7:00 P. M. YOU WiLL FIND TAP DANCING IS LOTS OF FUN, AND THIS COURSE WILL improve ifbUR RHYTHM. PHONE 2150.
ALLEN’S
6lh & Ferry
Guns mop up tlie bullet > spattei^ froRtier!
THBmrmM&f " mamUt Bmmw
^ Bolly '*1"* Oub MILES ^ TAYLOR - ACoiumbio Fictxire AND
— THURS. - FRI. - SAT. FORCED LANDING LONE RIDER IN FRONTIER FURY JUNGLE G1.BL LATEST NEWS
^ TODAY DOUBLE FEATUfel SNLiFFY SMIJN! YARD BIRD : -_-WITH— k BUD DUNCAN EDGAR KENNEDY ■ -PLUS
MARLENE DIETRICIj EDW- 6. ROBINSON GEORGE RAFT IN MAN PQWiR STARTS THURSDAY' -DOUBLE FEATURE
TitlEllESFAUOill JANE (Ma load) DARWELL-ALAMiiALt —— PLUS^ THE MAN FROM HEADQUARTERS —WITH— FRANKIE ALBERTSpH JOAN WOODBURY ''r '*■ k
#41
'ft
\s, S-i W®
ta Wi
, '‘‘^ Wpjtw^GJipv^jp^
^.qwaa
^^<^ued its wix}ni>if waprs SaturjSifjjt’^dHltfe a to ^ Vietoiy Wer Ctiif Sgo. The boys Won in all weight iv^'sions in racking tip their fourth
straight win.
fMdc” Starts It i s,tar|ed i,h^ aft^ra9oii 4|efpatii^ fiutt o| CkiUso by a &ll ^his was fojljpwed by two closely low&hi matches wfeicfe were taken |ly the Boilermakers via the decision route. Captain Casey Fredericks remained undefeated in takIhg'the first of these bouts. 'In the 145»pound class, Gregory Jvph'handily over Reynolds, Maroon ^hdidate, by a fall. Jim Paratore ^bel^^prifP ejc^p decision from, Get;z to keep the Riveter record intact tor the afternoon. One’ of the outstanding matches ^f Ihe day t^pk >lacp between Veliner Davis, up and coming Riveter ^rajiplerj and Humphreville. The ^Hlcago boy had defeated Davis in a inatch earlier in the season, but Jievis proved too much for him this lime, jbeen iinppvipg |te^iiy,ftnS in plenty of good workfnr tBrt! isqWd this ^ason. ^Another i’all Victory j, Eviston, 175-pound Boilerrnaker, look a close,match from Mpran, and jlnggerie wound up the meet defeating 'Mustain, Maroon heavyweight, Buhitnary: , , < lal-^pound class—McDonald (P) over Gutt (C) fall. 128-pound class—Fredericks (P) over Pyle (C) decision. 136-pound class—Matovina (P) ^Pver Bates (C) decision. 165-pound class — Gregory (P) over Reynolds (C) fall. 156-pound class — Paratore (P) ’ over Getz (C) decision. 165-pound class—Davis (P) over Humphreville (C) decision. 176-pound class — Eviston (P) p'^er Moran (C) decision. Heavyweight — Rugger ie (P) over Mustain (Cl fall.
|i|indjay'$ Exjponent': Edition
HERE SATURD^AV Powerful bhhans Pefi0§e^ As Potential Big Td^ Vf0itpk
WednesdAlb t^l^ruory 11^1942
Riveters Prepare To Revenge Defeat
diilMet
Bob
HiiriUe Slur# is$^ iHfitt
Delta Tau Dehd Ke^tdts Win Union Bowling Title
i t
Coming from behind in the closing frames of the final game, the Delta iTau Delta bowling quintet nosed out the Delta Upsilon squa^.last Sunday afternoon to win the Inter-fraternity kegling championship. The match, played on the Union alleys before a large and very noisy crowd, was pretty much a D.U. affair until midway in the last game when the Delts suddenly came to life and ended up on the n i. m ■ ^—n—i m
top end of a 2482 to 2456 score.
Ea^V bead
Adpmson Wright
The losers managed to run up a
Results
Dpltn Tan Delta-
-?482
148
Delta Upsilon—2456
165 162
149 142 148 230
172
179 170
tee skating has become pai't of the physical education progiam for girls at Te^cas Christian university.
Fraternity
Bowling Cary Hall Bowling Wednesday—6:30 C. H. 2 vs C. H. 9 C. H. 3 vs C. H. 10 C. H. 5 vs C. H. 12 C. H. 7 vs C. H. 14
8:30
C. H. 1 vs C. H. 8 C. H. 4 vs C. H. 11 C. H. 6 vs C. H. 13
The Best Is None Too Good for Our Matrons CITY MEAT MARKET Caterers to Campus Organizations Southworth’s
EDIT DELAY FEBRUARY 14TH IS THE RAY!
Valeiiline Cards • Scliafts Candy Beautiful Heart Shaped Boxes of Valentine Candy • Make Your Selection • Address the Shipping Label • We Do the Rest —No Charge BUY NOW! We Guarantee Delivery
PURDUE RUDK S SUPPLY STORE
308-10 STATE STREET ‘WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
Southworth’s
By I^ve Sbryjar
BoileraMilter ^porlig ans will get a chafiee^t& one of the nation's finesi
squads, when the Ohio mMe
, Biggie Lambert's lads seem to be Buckeyes convene here Satiir* back in their stride now, after that day afternoon at 4 brilljiatit 60-41 triumph over North- This will bq the first ihdotnr western's Wildcats, last .night. A between the tWO schodk.
grueial test to see if they aye on the j.
beaprwill face them next Saturday I* s»iplants the BhnoiS evening when they travel nortbw^^ which, originally to face Minnesota for the second for this weekend, had to.be
time,this season. Monday night
dropped because the use
the Boilormak- Illinois Armory is uneer^in
due to campus military affaiiss.
Last Saturday the Riyetm
1^ Phillips Brings Ohio Sfato Her^
The announcement by Coach Herman Phillips that Ohio State would ers played d^iberate, steady ball run here against the Boilermakers Satm'day was a very vsfi^looi^je .one against the burly inyoders from indeed. The Buckeyes have one of the toughest teams in thg Big 'J’en. Northwesterp, They displayed a
Last season they finished third, right on the heels of Michigan., They strong last quarter finish, in the see- thumped Chicago In the 8®^ have both stars and team balance. The odds will be aU for the Buokeye^. saw battle, to annex a nine-point son’s opener, 64-40. No iSer-
However, the Boilermakers have a hunch of grand performers on the victory. Sprowl was in his usual ’ tiaek team this season, and don’t be surprised to jsee a very jptnr®sting fprm swishing those uncanny corner ending for the meet. It will certainly be a great one to watch, with some shots. Big A1 Menke was pouring
159 189
179
166 146
125 126 186 190 171 139 171 321 168
34 pin advantage in the first game Kendrick
by virtue of their 824 total while 790 831 86I
the Delts staggered thiough with „ ,
, , . , „ Henderson
a 790. Starek was high man for the sUey
game with ^ 230 followed by Delt 144 Bailey’? IfiO. Starek 230 167 172 Tile P.tJ.'s picked up pine moie 824 8io 792 pins in the second game to increase Tau Omesa 2824 theil* lead to 43. Kendrick’s 231 was Delta Tau Delta 2407—Beta Theta Pi 2360
the top game in the Delt’s 831 tal, while Riley’s 179 lyns the high
game of the D.U.’s 840.
Adamson Leads Comeback 7'he 43 pii) Jead held by Delta Upsilon looked pretty big until the last few frames of the third and final game. However, the Delts started knocking down everything in sight and finished with a 69 pin advantage to grab the match by a total of 26. Adamson’s 189 was high for the Delts, while Hendeison’s 172
was tops for loseis.
Last yeai, the same two teams met in the finals with D.U.’s winning two out of thiee g^mes to take
the title.
of the outstanding performers on hand which the Buckeyes wjll bring
with them.
The reason that the meet was scheduled so late is that the Illinois Relays for that date was cancelled. A triangular meet with Wisconsin and Chicago had been planned, but Chicago didn’t want to get sheJlacloed by the Boilermakers two weeks in a row. Coach Phillips deserves a lot qf pi’aise for 'presenting such a fine meet on such short notice.
Wrestlers Really Clean Chicago
Caaey Fredericks and the lads of the wrestling team really put the
them through with either hand and Blanken scored his shai-e and did more than his share of ball handling. Those three mighty midgets, Conrad, Polk and Tieimey ran the Wildcats ragged with their speedmerchant antics. Out to Get Even Saturday night in the Minnesota
formances were particular^ outstanding, although they are showing up rathqr well for ea^f season form. In spite of this, fto^'r ever. Coach Phillips stated tfiat Riveters will go into the meet"^ definite underdogs. They wifl represented in the various events by practically the same entraaits that saw action against the S6,roons. Don Kemp, vdio turned in one of the team's outstanding per-
skids on Chicago—such a beating is seldom seen in the sport. Accoi’d- will be foj,jj4ajiggs against Chicago in Hte
ing to Coach Reeck, the team was in tiptop condition for the match. There were three falls for the Boilermakers in the match. Tomorrow the wrestlers will entertain Coach Billy Thom’s Indiana grapplers in what should be the 'best match of the year. The Hoosier’s edged out the Boilermakers last season. The Riveters will he seeking
their fifth straight win of the season.
Big Crowd For Piggie Lambert Night
All indications for the special “PIGGIE LAMBERT NIGHT” celebration next Monday evening at the Wisconsin game show that a very interesting gathering is ip prospect. Many of Piggie’s old friends and former athletes will be on hand to watch the Silver Anniversary proceedings. New Innovation on Bringing The Ball Down Floor
out to revenge the 46-39 defeat that they received from the Gophers on that cold night, January 26. That game was the scene of the Boilermakers coolest tilt. The whole team seemed to be off and shots rolled hopelessly around the rim only to fall into the Gophers long, rangy arms. Sprowl only collected eight points in this game, which is un
half-mile, will again run a dodhje in the aforementioned event and tfee mile. A1 Jentsch may possibly yttn only in the half mile, while lender will support Kemp in the longer ^s-
tance.
About Bob Wright Coach Larry Snyder of the Buckeyes wjll bring with him a ppisrear-
usual. Menke too had some trouble group of athletes that may he
and annexed only three markers. The team as a whole hit a poor 21
To the Boilermaker guards, one and all. We hear it rumored that average of their attempts.
there is a new way of bringing the ball down the floor other than dribbling. It’s known as “passing.” As long as you dribble like Pat Malaska or Johnny Wooden, the former method is all right. Otherwise, it is suggested by many interested fans that “palsing” be eirrployed occasionally. It helps on the fast breaks, also. In fact, good passing is good almost anywhere. It’ll come in handy especially at Minnesota Saturday night. Let’s try it once in a while and see if it’s really here to stick. ^ Sigma Chis Are Thinking of Protesting Coach Chailie Caress and fleetfooted star performer Pinky (Kalamazoo "direct to you) Warren are ^still irked over the way the Sigma Chi-Phi Delt final game of the Class “A” interf 1 atermty tournament came out. Pinky thinks the game was too rough. Said he, “The fellows out there just pushed me around so much I just couldn’t get set for my favorite shot.”
Minnesota on the other hand was busy connecting for a 41.3 average.
the next Big Ten champions. Tkmt outstanding runner is big Bob Wright, who, not only is Vegajrdcd as the world’s best hurdler tqfiay, but is one of the most versatile ath-
Their percentage and the passing lotes in the Conference.
attack that they displayed showed
that it was “their night.” Concentrated Practice
That January encounter with the
Wright is a junior hailing f|3qni Huntington, West Virginia, ^dst year in his first season of competition he cracked the National Inter-
THOUGHfFUL GIFTS
Van Heusen Shirts In White and Fancy Patterns
$2.00
The all white shirts are available in fine quality fabrics, in all sizes and in two color styles. Fancy shirts come in a multitude of new patterns in two collar styles.
Wembley Non East Ties
$1.00
The No. 1 non-crushable tie in a host of solid colors, delightful figures, novelty stripes and alluring plaid?. These fine ties get back into original shape over night. Pacer Top Socks by Holeproof 55c The socks with attached garters so easy on hjs legs. Can be had in black, blue, green, tan and gray ip neat stripe?, charming plaid? and fancy clocks.
Colorful Pajamas
$1.65 to $3.50
Both coat and middy styles fashioned frqm fast colored broadcloths in neat stupe and blazer designs. Ail these pajamas Jiave elastic v/aist bands. Sizes range from A to D.
Men s Shop Street Floor
Gophers will prove valuable to Pig- collegiate records for both the high
and low barriers. In addition to bis prowess in the hurdles V(right is a better-than-average shot-putter as well as being an ace sprinter.
Bucks Beat Spartans
In the sprint events the Buekey^ have Hammond who placed in the conference meet last year. One of their outstanding higk jumpers is the brother of Mel Walker who at-tended-the same institution and still holds the world’s indoor record-hi this event having cleared 6 fee^ 9% inches. In the Buck’s first meet last week they trounced Michigan Btate to the tune of 75-34. This meet in-
gie's squad this week-end and a team with revenge as their motive is hard to beat. Preparation for the tilt Satuiday evening will begin in earnest this afternoon after the light practice session which was
held last night.
Big Ten standing received another typical shakeup after Monday night’s games ,^weie finished. Illinois retains fii:at place, although they were nipped by I. U. Minnesota was idle and hung on to second place. Indiana moved up to third berth, and our victory put us in fourth with Wisconsin. A victory
them so the Boilermakers will tri-
umph or dih in the attempt
IM Schedules BASKETBALL Wednesday, February 11
Court 4
7 00 SC,1 vs SC 6 7- 15 SC 2 SC 6 8- 15 SC 3 vs SC 4
Emerson
RIFLE MATCH 3 40 to 5 .30 p m TAU KAPPA EPSILON THETA CHI THETA TAU THETA XI TRIANGLE
B®tty Sanitone $ays:
a
over Minnesote will put us ahead of eluded a 24 foot broad jump per-
formance by one of their sopho-
mores.
Fiom Anderson, Indiana comes Gene Yates who as a Hoosier high school student won the half-mile event in the state meet four years in a row. This year as a Buckeye sophomore he copped this event in the meet with the Spartans running it in the time of 1:58.9. If Kemp and Jentsch are running their best this will perhaps be the ontstand-^ ing event on the program. Tankmen EnteAam Strong Wolverines Here on Saturday By Paul M. Miller Dick Papenguth will lead the Boilermakers against MicMg^’s touted swimmers Saturday night^t 8 o’clock in the Fieldhouse pool and will thus attempt to gain a vjc(:o|y over his alma mater and Mat Mann, his foimer coach. Outstanding for the Michig^p squad is Johnny Patten, legiate titleholder in th^229 api^ yard swims.' Jim Skinner of 4he Wolverine squad holds the Big Intercollegiate, and A. A. U. titles in the breaststroke. Diving Wolverine squad will be Martp^ a senior, who won third place in last year’s National Intercollegiate
meet.
Kratzer Head Riveters The Riveter squab will he pae^ by Capt. Dick Kratzer who afrim? in the 100-yard event. Dj^ ig ah^o ui the relays and ap eateelfeiMi, chor man. Joe Williamson holds tl^ Varsity record in the brea?tstro% and is ej^pected to give Skipner h good vaee in this jfohni^ Juengbt, a sophomore, is a comer m the diving competitiou. and show his talent in the meet day. Jim Krueek will swim the 9^ yard, although he has been in b«d most of this week, , ^ t According to Disk Papengutli, “Krueek never swam in any comi^ titipn until h* same -h? Jim has recovered from bis sick(Continued on page i) i
« r/
CLOTHES HAVE NEW “OOMPH”
after
Saiitoni cicaaiis Your pet dress will look pretty as a picture after Sanitone dry cleaning brings out the full richness of color and texturel We’ll press and reshape it to its original fit. Call us today. Betty Sanitone
AMERICAN LAUNDRY 132‘ Northwestern Ave.
PHONE 7278
/
r'
a
-Ir-■: I >5-"' fK,
iiMetive I own and bear it
flgrvice s^.4iNrotes ■ Note: At the Tcquest ■ &'ti4,:yftivcrsity we arc prlntn^jyixcferpts from two recent from Gen. Lewis B. state directors of the ;^<^t!%t!r<$' Service Administration a • bulletin issued by the i^i^criciin Gonncil on Education. wott the Bulletin : * pi'esent status of students i^pd^ffculty in relation to selective ^mnee tuay be biicfly summarized. ^Mc'u^atlbnal deferment for potentj^ly^diikessary individual students in'ficld$ necessary to the national l^lth, Safety and interest and war ptfi^uction vdll be continued. The induclipn^pf students called during f&^'liiSt half of the semester or fSirttjr.W'ili be postponed until the ^|i; bi .shyh quarter or semester. Iwi ^me will apply for- the sum-
■Session.
to the time involved in setr ttil^^ ' UP the' registration, lottery, tflbssifit^tion and physical examina^i«m of n^w registrants, ?it. is appartfeat siich registrants w'ill not bA^a’ct^lly called for induction durin^sthe second < spring) semester. ;-ft should be pointed out that the lifting of “certain specific fields, in #^ch a dangerously low- level of raah'jid'tvor has been found to exist” S^Opid 'bt; construed not as prohibf^pgiconsidefation of claims for defijppfibfibvOf students in other fields, t' .Sp'fedfid attention should be called tOS.'tiie fiact that neither in these pMntm^da nor in previous ones has iii#i distinction been made between ■ii|iii^)fgJSduate and graduate stu- : Cdiisideration may be given local boards for occupational for students on the gradf a|;4; lCy^l, in . necessary fields. Mehiorandftm (L-347) Januh'iAdinifedly' there is an overlappiiilfc’crf.'thC military and civilian re§fi|^inentE of a nation at war; how1^4%'if must he borne in inind the dependent upon the other, industries are undergoing a hflhci’to unknown expansion. AeroiGivil, Electrical, Chemical, B ng, Metallurgical, Mechanical, [hidio Engineers; together with iicisfs and Chemists are essential’fO insure a sufficient flow of matC^riei for the armed forces, and iiir J^iMry must look to the engineering, c^Ohiicai, and physics students now ip IrMfiihg to meet their present and future requirements, r'ft -is-equally important that instructors in these fields be seriously .copsidfered for occupational deferliihnt. . Shortages of qualified instructors are known to exist. The .(Sdpcational institution employing ithfcinstructor should be requested .iOjfilo .i>SS Form 42A in all cases where deferment is sought. . ; tn .considering student deferment c^es;. certain local boards are requiring the execution of DSS Farm 42A in addition to the affidavit of college or university contained hi IBulletin No. 10 issued by the .^nerican Council on Education. i)s;s' Form 42A should not be required where the American Council on Education affidavit has been sub-
mitted.
.. .Local Boards will be informed iv.hcn the manpower requirements iiecessary to the national health, safety, or interest,: and war production become static. Until such time, the policy set forth in the Memojt^nda to All State Directors 1-62, iT,Pl, 1-99 and 1-150 remains in force. MtQibrandam 1-341, Jan. 8, 1942: ypnyplaints in increasing volume Didicatc local boards arc reopening thi.eases of registrants deferred for occupational reasons and reclassifying such men in Class lA. I direct that local boards be immediately informed of the continuing necessity for deferment of men necessary to activities, the maintenance of which is/jessential to . the war pioduction program and the national health, sufe.tj’ and interest. State directors shpul,d avoid calls upon local boards ewppt upon the basis of available Class f A men. Table Tennis . . . , entries who have not as yet bcch eliminated please see the bulletin, board to find out who they play next. At least one match must be pMydd off by next Saturday, Febrtifirjr 14. ,
Noticii
KxtionMit
bn bulletin b'ohrd hs ebon
• 8«b nbtiiie' poatcil ' C.E.’II ' ion n.e pUSslble.;, ircmoyoiC arid 4 Win; BeilWWhlhf|^»,
—RUfKNBR 126, Henvlldri Hall, on SatuWiii#
Feb. 14, i'bipdssIbK to.trikc |he ^
Phi Lambila Uitallon! Short brit intipor-
ut .business mcclln« Thuradny, Fob. 12, loro Wednesday, Fgb. 11. , ^
tint -
at" 4 p;m, In roorii #20 of thb Choriilstry Bulldintf, - , V ' , .. -^BHANNER
Riding: Club! firiporiiUh tn'eHlilg/ MiArith. old and now ntcmbcrS,Oh^^hnis^|g’gj^l||^l|B;
men to fio/d
Annual Conference
February 17-18 bjr.,rK:
|Nu,-so.-ymb.„ „f iMi.na will ais. K
c|ss production of quality plant ma- '■ ■
terials; impi’OVing,;V,planting and Union Show Cast Mcmberai All people lhaintcnance seivice, high standards may"can^oT^ti!eW°kcyt'’W^ in business practice, propagation "* ■* '’•"’• In ; the Su^cnt^J|idon
and other phases of nursery man- '
agement at a conference to be held ,^3; 15 *4 Stud*ntH: Ma^kc-up for,..removal .■ .... . of C pradcs In Ch. E. 84 will be. held in at the University February 17 and room loO, Chem. and Met. Bulldlritj:, Timrs-. 18 in the Union Building. . “‘^O^ELL
. Staff members of the horticul- tJ'ohv Highly impmannt mcctiPB ■ . , . , . at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday. I'eb. 17 in room 203 tural department of the University of th« Union. I’leaec bo tbcrc. .
, —RUFFNEI^
will appear bn the two-day program as well as Dr. G. D. Scarseth and George Enfield of the agronomy department, who will discuss soils and ^oil fertility. Several out-of-state
Speakers will appear at the confer- he made,
once, among whom will be Dr. Chas. Fresliman students: You may obtain C. Compton, of the Illinois State Frcslmian Handbooks from 4 tp.O.p.m. any v. . , „ T... • • , ■ riay et the Activities Bureau Office. Natural Survey Djiyision, speaking —-McKlRNAN bn “Controlling Insects in the Nurs- .. „ “77 : . . , ery, and John D, Siebcnthaler, Makc-up.s: Examination f,y^ rentoynl df connurseryman of Dayton, Ohio! speak- Srand''a!S^enrwiJl 1^!'’®' ing on “Choice Plant Material and <iay. Feb. 14. ot i p.m. in Room its of the . , _ , .1 Recitation Bmldinp. Application .should be Relation of good Production Moth- made before Friday, Feb. 13. : ^ . . ods to a Successful Nursery Busi- —ESTEY. ■■ ness." MI5 30 Makc-Up exams: Examinnilons to
remove C and I prade-s in ME 30 Will be piven Saturday. March 14 at 1 p.rii. in room iOl of the ME building. Please' notify me if interested. -^GEIGER
Sociology 178, 75, 180! Prof. Noss^.wlll meet his classes Wednesday, Feb. 11,'-^NOSS Skull Olid Crescent: Important meeting Wednesday, Feb. II, at 7:30 p.m. in room 807 of Union. FInnI plain) for CoUIlion will
—MENKE
“Don't bother about me!—see how the tires arej first!”
PorsoillliOl Not©S Tankmen
For Women
Military Advanced Cour.se Applicants: There will be an important mectirig of all
Katharine Gibbs School (secretarial) Boston, New York, and Providence, announces for the year 194243 two memorial scholarships con-
(Cbntinucd from page'3) ness and will be in the meet Satur-
day.
The Michigan tank team has won the Big Ten title for nine out of the last 10 years and this year the team
Special entertainment at the banquet scheduled for the evening of February 17 includes a lecture on “Gardens of the Carolinas,” by Mrs.
0. G. Foster of Lafayette featuring Adv.niced Course Applicanls on the Arriiory , , . . floor Wodtiesday, Feb. 11 iit 4 p.m. colored pictures. —MeMAKEN
Marriage Course; Dr. John Dorsey will .speak Wctiiicsifay, Feb. U. Bring iiupstioiis lo class concerning problems of mental liygiene during courtship, engagement, honeymoon and. marriage. “WiDKENING
Classified
Ads
LAST Mltilt#
Hemlndfir!
• Have you forgotten anyone? ! ,:IF;^SO . ... ' :. 7. • There is still time to ght your VALENTINES in the mail. 7 • You will find a COMPLETE ASSONT^ ' ■.'MENT '..'
at
THE FOSTER SHOP 109 N. 4th St. Branch Service 411 State—West LBfiiyettS
■Typcwrilera—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and piircbased. Mtme-
sistirig of fulT tuition plus a cash is as good as ever. During the latter ograph work done. c. J. Ebershoff. 605 Main.
, , • Lafayette. Phone 2770.
part of November the Wolverines
aivard of .?300.0p. Applications must be filed not later than April 1. Further information may be obtained from the Placement Service
for Women.
The University of Texas has opened extension classes in clerical and automotive work at the Camp Barkely replacement center.
conducted an eastern tfip'on which they failed to lose a meet. May Pull Upset : Coach Papenguth is optimistic about the meet anti says th^t. Kratzer is right and Williamson can beat Skinner the Boilermakers have a good chance to beat the tough Michigan outfit.
Kooms; One siiigrlc arul one double. Close to campus. Price reasonable, 3-32 West Lula
• Ave.
Found: Woman’s small Gruen wrist watch. Call A. Topp at 7026.
. Lost: Friday, brown fountain pOTi. ker “51” at or near Home Ec Buildins: 4430. Reward.
ParCall
SCDUTIMG THE
DR. PAUL A. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK OR. HAROLD |. RISK —^DENTISTS.... 400-404 Schulfs Bldg. 4<h ind Main St. Ufiyktt*
04..
\A
\\
Service that Saves
!l
It
Crown Cleaning Service saves your clothes— Improves your appearance. Get the habit of having-— YOUR CLOTHES CROWIS CLEAISED REGULARLY
with Judy McCullough
What with February 14 but four days away on our ealeiulurs, ’tis really time that we turn our attrition to the ehosing of Valentine gifts. The following suggestions might chance to inspire you.
KEEP YOUR HOME NEAT AND ATTRACTIVE WITH ACE PAINTS FIXTURES ~ HARDWARE John Sperb Hdwe. 822-24 Main St.
GREETING CARDS FOR All OCCASIONS Soiversily Book Store Arran From UnivB "Kti” SajiiA44> ’ii “Dot" £ppl, '411
ENRICHED BREAD , . FOR ,BETTER NUTRITION ' ■; TRY OURS ORAVES Qualify BAKERY
HAVE YOU SEETV . . . the center w indow at Southivortli s? It features an exclusive display of Schrafft’s Valentine candy arti.stically boxed in itcautiful lacy red hearts.One impressive point about this candy (other than its delicious taste, of course,) is that it conies in one-half to five pound boxes at popular jniccs. Then loo, it will he wrap]>ed, lalicled and mailed for you free hi the first and second zohc.s. In the front of the store 1 found an exclusive selcclion of Hallmark and Rustcraft aVlenlines featuring cards for every occasion^—family pnd swectlicart, humorous and eomice-—priced to coincide with your vest-pocket change. SOME LIKE IT HOT . . . other, sweet and gentle! lint whatever he your tastes along the musical line, tru.sl tlie record department of The Foster Shop to conform. As a special favor to those jive advocates comes Tony Pastor and liis orehcslra in a definitely hep presentation of Doin ihe Rntdmucue. Tltis is a Bluehird record featuring a deluxe drum solo and vocals by Tony Pastor. From the Deeea record all)um The Foster Shop suggests Jimmy Dorsey's Tangerine, a smooth liit of melodious rhythm in the style of his well-know n Green Eyes. For the musical eonservativci and any other music lover, Benny Goodman and hsi Sextet with Peggy Lee at the vocals liave arranged a soft dreamy version of fP/iere or fPVieii. This is an Okch record I (ISo pun int^ided.) REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR ... by remembering the hoys in service. The University Book Store suggests February 14, Valentines Day, as an opportune time for remembrance. They have on display attractively packaged Valentine candies and a multiiide of elever greeting cards, designed for every member of the family, friends and sweethearts. (The scleeliou even includes those hilarious comic Valcnlincs reserved for your petpeeves.) The confectionery display offers w ide variety in the form of Bunle, Schraffl’s and Beohlin candies, packaged in various sizes and priced accordingly. (These gifts will he wrapped and mailed with postage free in the first 150 miles, after which you pay the
difference.)
IF YOU'RE SEARCHING FOR . . . the iierl'eet gift, for “that perfect someone", wheflier it he mother, sister, grandmother, or you-know-who, simply take one look at Southivortlis Valentine jewelry display and your searching days are over. Here 1 found a delightful selection of jcw’elry handkerchiefs, and perfume priced to suit your pocketbook! Gadget jewelry such as novelty lapel pins and long-strand multi-olored beads seems to top the. jewelry hit parade; however, pearls, Indian bracelets and lovely jeweled pins offer potent competition. The heaulifut compacts featured in this display present aiiolher valuable gift suggestion. - ^ WHAT TO GIVE ON VALENTINES DAY . . . is a problem which may set you to pondering. Well ponder no more, for Deac's window display provides the iinswer. Perhaps you've seen the dccoratiye retl and w’liite Valentine boxes of Whitman's famous eainly and the ecleverJy arrauged selection of those over-j)opular stuffed toy animals which iheliule.s fuzzy hahy pandas funny lil’ ducks. (And don't think for one luinute that those fuzy animals were nieuiit for hahy sister alone! The Whitman candy dis|>lay offers heart-shaped and other beautiful boxes of delicious candy at convenient prices: thirty cents, .sixty cents, one, one and a half, tno and five dollars. These candy gift boxes will he wrapped and shipped postage free in the first zone — farther than that, you make up the differenee in postage.
VE YOU
E T M I 111 I
—Your fraternity or sorority pin, your watch, scarf, or soinething else of importaiice'L Save DOLLARS by paying only 25c MINIMUM for a CLASSIFIED AD in the Exponciit. You’ll SAFE money liere! The first day is 2e a word s after are Ic a word.
Keep This In Mind Students!
^ ■ if
*.
* i®
.4 ii?
wfm