//
X
'■ y-fs
A
l^ootball Season Closes. ♦ Basketball Open — See Varsity In Action Tonight.
Volume 52. No. 67
Z-/95-
i/rda etf /SS^
' '/ft
West Lafayette. Indiana
Congratiifationt^ |int Mtf* fer and Tom Melfon •— More Power To You.
£)af/y S/^ce
Wednesday. November 27. 1940
ELECT MELTOII, MILLER ’41 CO-CAPTMNS Varsity Meets Frosh In Co-captains For'41 Season Rankin Receives Most
Opening Game Tonight In preparation for the opening game with St. Joseph college on December 6, the varsity game team will show their stuff tonight at 7:80 p. m. when they tangle with a determined bunch of freshman netters. This will mark the initial appearance of the defending Big Ten champions who by graduation lost vital defensive strength, but are hoping to overcome this factor by a high scoring offense.
For the first time in many years, only two seniors will be on the hardwood courts for the Boilermakers, Captain Bob Igney and Forrest "Weber. The remainder of the squad consists of ten juniors and seven sophomores, of which only four havje won major letters. Last year the frosh gave the up- i perclassmen a real battle^ with the game going into an overtime before the varsity eked out a victory. This season’s yearling squad represents the cream of the crop as they are the 20 players left from the 100 aspirants that first tried out. Although they are hampered by the two weeks’ lay-off, taken before Thanksgiving, the first year men will be scrai^ing- until the final whistle to down the “select.” Gimlet-Reamer Brawl Two 26-minute halves will be played so that every one on both squads will see action. During the -ten minute intermission the Gimlets and Reamers will engage in ,their annual brawl. This feature attraction, sometimes called a basketball game will combine the finer points of football and that ancient sport known as “We-knock-’em-4own, you-carry-them-out.” Last year’s lettermen will be riding the bench tonight when the starting whistle blows, as Coach '■“Piggy” Lambert has nominated four sophomores and one jtinior to fill the opening line-up. On the other side of the floor, “Dutch” (Continued on page 4) Kappa Delta Pi Hears Talk On Prejudice By A. Smith Prof. A. A. Smith, of the education and applied psychology depart- ' ment, speaking on “Prejudices” before a meeting of Kappa Delta Pi, education honorary, last night, -enumerated ignorance, lack of sympathy, and cultural isolation as the three major causes of prejudices. As a remedy for prejudices, or negative attitudes as he called them. Dr. Smith advised more education. He also mentioned that; in his opinion, instructors and professors might rid themselves of prejudices hy securing a portion of their education abroad. w.e.h.
Today's War / News Digest Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. “It appeared likely yesterday that the Turkish problem would come to a head this week—^perhaps even in the 24-hour period beginning today, at noon,” radios John T. Whitaker from Rome. “It seems likely that the Turks will be given a final choice either to break their British ties or to be treated as the Greeks were.” “British propaganda is trying to suggest that the Bulgarians have refused to enter the tripartite pact,” writes Mr. Whitaker. “This is based on an announcement that the Bulgarians were to have gone to Berlin today—an announcement now denied by the Axis press, though your correspondent thinks they may feel it advisable to go tonight.” The secretary general of the Rqssion foreign ministry, who arrived by airplane from Moscow, is staying on in Sofia, as the Bulgarian minister to Germany returned to make a report. Great Britain simultaneously made a new bid for Bulgarian neutrality. Greek troops landed from ships raided the Italians in the Port Ed-da-Argirocastro sector and then withdrew, Athens r,eports, adding that fresh Italian woops brought up to stem the Greek drive have been repulsed. Greek troops and the fortress on the Island of Corfu were among the objectives of Italian fliers last night, the Italian communique said. Raids on Britain were described as light during the night. Bristol was a target again today. The Royal Air Force ranged over Germany, seeking out docks and airdromes.
Hank Messer's Band Plays Friday Night Af Harvest Hop, Second Co-ed Bid Dance
By Mary Lou Losey “Especially for You” eds, the gals have been sa-ving their pennies to l)uy a bid for the WAA dance on Friday night. Don’t deny it, we know you’ve been sitting home languishing by the phone hoping that the girl of the moment would invite you to go hopping to the Harvest Hop with her. , . Co-eds, with your ticket purchased and man dated, it’s still not time for taxation. Open your closet and choose your trickiest skirt, smoothest sweater or blouse and set them aside for the biggest sports shindig of the year. Remember, to be appropriate you must be ,a complete “joe” for the evening. We hope saddle shoes are not so waterlogged b^ Friday evening that they’d rather swim than dance. They will float, at any rate, when liBW Magill is featured on his cel-
este or when vocals are rendered by Miss Jerry Ewert and romantic voiced Tiny Morris. Included with sweet numbers ■will be faster tempos, as this is not only the Harvest Hop but also the “Especially for You” music of Hank Messer and his band. Speaking of popular bands. Hank and. his boys are climbing to the top fast and are already prime favorites at many mid-western colleges. Harvest Hopping couples will dance among harvest scenes of pumpkins and corn. Amid the fun and festivity will be a romantic boygirl backdrop silhouetted against a blue-night sky background. Co-eds, exchange your pennies for tickets at Deac’s, Southworth’s, The University Book Store, Union, WRH, sorority houses, or the WAA office.
r
Jim Miller
Tom Melton
County High School Employment Meet
Riveters Rassle To Feature Nat
Opens Today At 9 Towles Dec. 13
Between 700 and 800 Juniors and Seniors from Tippecanoe County High Schools will converge upon the Union today for their all-day guidance conference on employment following graduation. ~ The meeting will begin at 9 a. m. in the south ballroom with David Dunwoody, Dayton high school senior, presiding. A survey of the different fields of employment "will be the theme of the morning session, and in the afternoon the discussion will be on ways of obtaining employment and the opportunities offered by the particular fields. This completes the en masse part of the program. From here on the convention splits into sections in particular vocational fields, with an expert talking and answering questions in each section. The committee has planned sixteen separate sessions, each to last a half hour. Fifteen minutes is to be devoted to answering questions and the remainder to speaking on the subject. It is estimated that each student will be able to attend three of the sections in which he is interested in the morning, and another three in the afternoon. Further education as a form of post-high school employment will also be included. Visiting educators from sixteen Hoosier colleges and Universities will discuss opportunities in higher education, and will counsel personally those interested. A movie, “Finding Your Life Work” •will be another feature of the afternoon. r.r.r. Activities Bureau Issues Last Call Out Final call-out for sophomore workers for the Acti'dties Bureau will be held tomorrow afterffoon at 4 p. m. in the Activities Bureau’s office in the Union. Betty Jane Darr, co-ed executive, will disbuss the workings of the Bureau. In addition each junior will describe the functions of his committee. As sophomores, the activities’ bureau workers will interview freshman men and do general office work. Positions are also open in the publicity department for those interested in making posters and in ■writing stories. Miss Darr urges all sophomores who are interested to attend as this is the last chance to be eligible for junior positions next spring* j.h.
Valuable Player Award
By JOE DOLAN, Exponent Sports Editor
800 of those persons who put steam in Purdue’s “Boilers” to copy Dr. Elliott’s words gathered last evening in the two ballrooms of the Union Building to honor the 1940 athletic department’s gridiron efforts and the University football squads,
freshman and varsity.
At this gathering two unsung young men, whose efforts are seldom seen, but whose activity is always apparent because of the undentable part of the football team that they comprise, the middle positions or guard posts, Thomas Lanqe Melton, PE ’42, of Cedar Lake, Indiana, and James Howard Miller, PE '42, of Massilqn, Ohio, were elected to lead tiie 1941 Boil^nnak^ football squad.
Miller And Melton
Jim Miller, whose flaming red hair became a well-known sight for sixty minutes during the past campaign, is a member of Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity, while Thomas Melton, whose atlas-like physique has propelled him through enemy lines •with shot-gun power to do everything but take up squatter’s rights in enemy backfields this fall, is a member of the Phi
Kappa Tau fraternity.
By John Galloway Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, has signed Nat Towles and his famous negro band to play for the annual Riveters’ Rassle, Friday, December 13, in the Union. Towles’ fifteen pibee band that originated three years ago in New Orleans is today classed as one of the surest-fire box-office bands playing the middle west. Although the band has the reputation for hot swing and cast iron lunged musicians, Towles has in recent appearances followed the modern trend and softened the noisy brass section and emphasized melody to give a pleasing effect of melodious swing. Towles, who front's the band, seems to be just a paunchy, goodnatured colored boy whose only duty is to swing his baton and look happy. The band sports an array of fine soloists and vocalists. Top tooting honors go to Lorenzo Coker, L. H. Tally, and H. Johnson, who come front with the trumpet, trombone, and clarinet, respectively. Dukie Groner carries the soloist responsibilities in the vocal department and also is the third man in a trio with T. "W. Pratt and Bernie Cobb. The theme of the dance this year •will take the patrons back to their childhood days. “Cops and Robbers” is to be the central idea and naturally the customary beards are in order. WAA Presents Class Awards To Fifteen For Sports Activity Numerals and awards were presented last night by Lee Westover, president of WAA, at the Pall Banqueti^held in the WAA cabin at 6:30. Those recemng class numerals for hockey, were: Harriet Campbell, Helen Houston, Shirley Johnson, Barbara Lloyd, Margaret Meltzer, Gloria Payne, Elsa Schmeltckoph, and Betty Miller. Numerals for Speedball were awarded to Ruth Stephenson, Jaiiet Burton, Helen Jean Wickizer, Elizabeth Baughman, and P-monograms were presented to Mary Pidgeon, Opal Blagrave and Marjorie Ward, a.r.w. Dr. E. C. Young ... of the University Farm Management department, was the guest speaker before the Hammond, Indiana Open Forum, held la^t night.
Dr. Thompson Will Address Convo On The Causes Of War Third in the series of defense convocations will be given by Dr. Warren S. Thompson tomorrow night at 7:30 o’clock in the Hall of Music. The subject of Dr. Thompson’s discussion will concern “Population Pressure as a Cause of War.” Dr. Thompson, professor at Miami University and recognized authority on the effects of populations and their various trends, will present another aspect of our national defense to the faculty and general public, as well as to the students. In accord •with the purpose of these lectures, he will point out how populations in subversive and crowded conditions can lead to war. Stress will be laid on recent historical examples, and how America can expect to maintain her status in light of these. Dr. Thompson, an expert in this field, holds degrees from four leading universities of the country. He is a recognized authority and ad•visor to various groups that conduct population studies. Dr. Thompson is nationally and internationally known, not only for his knowledge on the subject, but as a lecturer as well. Dr. Elliott •will preside over this defense lecture tomorrow night. p.l.b.
The most valuable player award was voted to Dave Rankin, Purdue’s all - American and all - conference end. Dave, by this award, is eligible for the Chicago Tribune award to the most valuable (in its opinion) in- the Big Tensor Western conference. Letter awards both minor, major, and numerals, were announced by Mai Elward and frosh coach, Elmer Burnham. ^ Carter Gets Watch Marion “Red” Carter, of Indianapolis, was presented •with the freshman watch for improvement during spring practice (spring of ’40) in both scholarship and grid ability. Dr. Elliott related his experiences during the past season, and also the different light he now f qpuses upon the coaching and playing activities from his experiences as athletic director this fall. Humanity-Sports The banquet was closed •with forty-five minutes of the most interesting address ever presented to a Purdue gridiron honor banquet when Ellis C. Vander Pyl, of Cleveland, Ohio, related the stories about (Continued on page 2) Playshop Ticket Office Fills Mail Orders Today Beginning today, orders will be filled for reserved-seat -tickets, rorceived by mail, for Playshop’s second production of the year, “What A Life.” Box office will open in Fowler Hall for ticket sales on Monday, December 2. The production, which is under the direction of Samuel Marks, •will be presented in Fowler Hall December 11 to 14. a.w.
Reamers, Gimlets Will Present Annual ^rawl At Game Tonight
By John F. Amos Taking the floor from the varsity some time between midnight and 2 a. m. this morning the Gimlets and the Reamers held a final practice for their annual basketball brawl in deep secrecy. As usual the game is scheduled to happen between the halves of tonight’s FroshVarsity battle. Fashion Show Not satisfied with just plajdng for the game’s sake the teams have decided to crusade.'They feel that the uniforms regular teams wear are both immodest and insufficient, and so they plan to show how a team should be clad. One difficulty has ' conie up; they can’t agree on how that should be. So great is the divergence of opinion that there aren’t even two major parties. A few still cling to the idea that nqthing but hoop skirts cover the body sufficiently, and still allow
freedom of movement. On the other _ _ side we have a few strong minded fellows who feel they can play basketball best when they feel natural —^inside a barrel. Between these extremes are the bloomer boys, the %n^ies' lovers, ~t|te.,corseteers and the pajama joes, .'Tonight you can see what you think about it. 0 to 0 Last Year Don’t get the wrong idea, the Reamers and Gimlets do plan to play basketball with one or more tennis, volley, foot, ping-pong or baseballs. In fact several years ago' they had quite a successful season running up a score of 99-99. Last year both teams met defeat with a score of 0 to 0. It is rumored that a few boys (true Hoosiers) who feel that any, change in the game is a sacxilhge • ^lan to roll bones in a corner aa a' pptest. Who knows whgt jie* , velop? ./
fia^2 •J’SedtuMiA
Wednesday, November 27, 1940
PjuJtdwL £3/pomnL
Blect Meiton, Miller (Continued from page 1) the men whose names appear every day in our boldest and blackest headlined sporbpage, but whose real personages seldom reach the public’s ears. This topic, “The Human Side of Sports,” was delivered from personal experiences Vander Pyl enjoyed as an undergraduate athlete at Yale and while a member of the U, S. Olympic team following his service in World War I. The complete list of letter awards follows: Names MAJORS — Paul Anderson, Struthers, Ohio; Tex Axton, Prospect, Ky.; Tony Berto, Clinton; Bryan Brock, Stafford, Kas.; William Buffington, Peru; Mike Byelene, Massillon, Ohio; Marion Carter, Indianapolis; William Combs, Lowell; Walter Cook, Casper, Wyo.; Keith Correll, Robinson, 111.; George Doherty, Pt. Pleasant, N. Y.; John Galvin, Chicago, HI.; James Henderson, Dillsboro; Robert Kersey, Indianapolis; LaVern King, Crown Point; Alex Leugo, Chicago, 111.; William Lindsoy, Louisville, Ky.; Forrest McCaflfry, Evansville; Eugene Mcllwain, Campbell, N. Y.; Tom Melton, Cedar Lake; Jan(i,es Miller, Massillon, Ohio; William Neff, Madison, Wis.; John Petty, Pittsburgh, Pa.; David Rankin, Warsaw; A1 Rossi, Pekin, 111.; Italo Rossi, Pekin, 111.; James Rush, Lafayette; Hal Schumacher, Chicago, 111.; William Shiraer, Southport; Fred Smerke, Ft. Worth, Tex.; Vincent Snyder, Massillon, Ohio; Wesley Stevens, Cleveland, Ohio; Herman Timperman, New Albany; Stanley Thursby, Lakeside, Mich.; Ted Tycocki, Lansing, Mich.; Bruce Warren, Kalamazoo, Mich.; Jack Winchell, Southport. More Names -MINORS — Mac Blair, Henderson, Ky.; John Brown, Rushville; William Burnside, Fairview, HI.; James Cary, Peru; C. H. Demer, Hammond; Charles Ehrlich, Amherst, Ohio; W. H. Eviston, Huntington; Prank Pijala, Taxentum, Pa.; Merlin Gantz, Indianapolis; Elmer Hartup, South Bend; E. A. Hill, Lafayette; Joe Hillenbrand, EvansviUe; J. G. Kalbfleisch, Buffalo, N. Y.; Clarence Kjellberg, Chicago, 111.; G. J. Koskinas, Chicago, HI.; Howard Logan, Greenfield; A. H. Ludwig, Evansville; John Mizisin, Cleveland, Ohio; T. P. Modisett, Logansport; T. C. Mullins, Chicago, 111.; Ewell O’Bryan, Terre Haute; Horace Payne, Georgetown, 111.; Prank Ruggieri, South Bend; Forrest Sprowl, Oblong, 111.; Warner Van Aken, Coldwater, Mich.; John Vecs, South Bend; Charles Wheeler, Coldwater, Mich.; R. S. Colquhoun, senior manager. Shaker Heights, Ohio; A. W. Kettler, senior manager. Fort Wayne; W. A. Campbell, junior manager, Pt. Leavenworth, Kas.; W. G. Maierhofer, junior manager, Ottawa, 111. Still More Names Freshman Numerals — J. L. Andretich, Chicago, 111.; R. A. Bachmann, LaPorte; T. S. Bailey, Sharon, Pa.; R. L. Baker, Peru; P. P. Baumgardt, West Lafayette; R. M. Bidgood, Wheaton, 111.; P. E. Bohm, South Bend; G. J. Burghardt, Wheaton, 111.; W. T. Burghardt, Wheaton, 111.; A. B. Cary, Peru; R. E. Chester, Vmcennes; J. D. Claffey, Waukesha, Wis.; J. E. Cline, Indianapolis; E. J. Cycenas, Chicago, 111.; J. B. DavisSon, Rensselaer; P. A. DeMaria, Glenside, Pa.; A. M. DeMarco, Chicago, HI.; C. C. Devine, Oak Park, 111.; J. M. Eggleston, Oak Park, 111.; V. 0. Erk, Rich-
MARS TOMORROW - FRIDAY
laced upon tke comic strip created tr CHIC irOV«6 H' —I.AST TIMES TODAY-
Ether Edits
By Gordon Griffin Premiere Saturday I Campus Varieties makes its first regular bow of the year on WBAA, Saturday at 3 p. m. Originating in the north ballroom of the Union, Irv Given’s band, the Aristocrats of Rhythm, Charlie Powell and Bob Fitzgerald will provide the musical portion of the show. In addition, expect quis, quirks and verbal barbs by the regular wags of the program. Bill Pall, Betty Erick, Joyce Burnham and Don Brinkerhoff, impersonator deluxe. Drop around. Incidentally, if you would like your favorite current song hit played by Irv Given, drop a vote for it in the Exponent box at the west desk in the Union by Friday evening. The votes will be counted and the result: the campus Song of the Week.
Speaking of premieres there’s another first on the air now: “NBC Salutes Your Birtliday,” heard over WENR on Fridays at 8:35 p. m. You may share in $500, if you were born on the right day! . . . By the way. Arch Oboler’s original plays may be heard regularly on Fridays at 8:30 p. m. on WMAQ. The sponsors of Information, Please must consider their new time (Friday, 7:30 p. m. on WMAQ) worth more; they’ve increased the awards for “expert stumpers” to $10 for each question used, $25 if it stumps ’em plus a set of the Encyclopedia Britannica plus a copy of the 1941 edition of “Information, Please,” a collection of questions and answers.
Band Notes: T. Dorsey will guest with Charles Boyer on KMH, Thursday at 8 p. m. over WMAQ; same day, same station at 6:30 p. m. Bob Crosby gives out with Dixieland from San Francisco; Frankie Masters and company will be guests of Tobe Reed on the Bandwagon Sunday, 6 p. m. on WMAQ; WBBM at the 11:30 hour we find Kay Kyser on Thursday and Sammy Kaye on Saturday. See you Sunday!
mond; W. J. Fields, Lafayette; B. French, Sioux Falls, S. Dak.; R. P. Green, Indianapolis; R. J. Hajzyk, South Bend; W. A. Hanson, Chicago, 111.; C. J. Harris, South Bend; W. A. Hiller, Indianapolis; R. W. Huse, Gary; K. W. Jaynes, Indianapolis; R. C. Johnson, Gary; H. W. Lipstreu, LaPorte; J. D. Mattis, Dayton, Ohio; F. T. Meakim, Chicago, lU; W. V. Moffat, Berwyn, 111.; G. Mordoh, Indianapolis; W. Newell, Stafford, Kas.; R. C. Parson, Schenectady, N. Y.; C. D. Rafferty, Crystal Lake, 111.; R. K. Robinson, Chicago, 111.; R. C. Salyer, Hammond; D. Schramski, South Bend; K. Smock, Indianapolis; P. J. Sobonya, Terre Haute; D. Southworth, Evanston, 111.; F. M. Snively, Indianapolis; E. C. Etauber, Indianapolis; R. E. Stoeltmg, Indianapolis; W. F. Stuart, Hammond; J. B. Thomas, Nashville, Tenn.; G. V. Toomey, Lawrence, Mass.; J. B. Tullis, Indianapolis; C. G. Volkman, Hammond; R. V. Willey, Bluff ton.
i
ff
EHa
NOW SHOWING -A FIRST RUN HITRadio’s Cracker-barrel Favorites on the Screen!
1
lUMMimHk IJieawihg' eOiSem
uSIbiford ■ "US Frank CRAVEN ^ Bobi WATSON W Jv ' PWI HARRIS
NEXT WEEK — KAY KYSER —. in —• YOU'LL FIND OUT
Purdue’s # Interesting I People
By Donna Siess
SATURDAY* NOV. 30 SAM H. HARMS PrtMnis th« MOSSHARTMirOSaSKAUPMAM SENSAtlOII THE MAN WHO CAME TO DINNER CLIFTON WEBB — SEATS NOW ON SALE — EVENING AT 8:00— 83c, $1.10, $1.65, $2.20, $2.75 MATINEE AT 2:30— 55e, 83c, $1.10, $1.65 Box Office Open—11:00 a. m. —9:00 p. m. —Phone 7903 for Reservations—
LUMA Thurs.-Fri.-Sah —ZNITS
ALSO-
ROY ROGERS (RQRGEHAYES LAST DAY—2 HITS JACK OAKIE — SHIRLEY TEMPLE ‘ — IN — 'YOUNG PEOPLE" ALSO
'CAPTAIN CAUTION'
Exuding charm and personality mingled with Middle Western congeniality, Miss Dorothy Bovee welcomed us into her office the other afternoon. In this delightful person whose genuine warmth put us immediately at ease, we found a personality. Not only a personality, but a personality plus. The most vivid picture will be, not of her seated among other prominent authorities discussing special science curriculum, but seated in an immense chair with one leg curled under her, flashing those dark expressive eyes and that sincere smile that would melt any icy heart. That long title of “Supervisor of Special Science Curriculum for Women,” found in the Directory, means the realization of a life long ambition for Miss Bovee. According to her, “I was just preparing myself for the Old Lady’s home when I heard of the new course that was to be inaugurated at Purdue.” So November 1939 found her on campus continuing to establish her growing reputation as an exponent of women’s education. Previous to this, she had taught history at the University of Minnesota and had collaborated with Charles Beard and Dr. A. C. Grey on the development of more meaningful methods of teaching history and other social sciences. With her, history is a hobby, not as a collection of unrelated facts but as social dynamics. Miss Bovee is deriving a great deal of satisfaction in teaching the course “Tho Development of Civilization,” which she and Dr. Krey developed together. A prominent figure in her life is “Jehu,” Miss Bovee’s geloppy, which like the Jehu in the Bible does a violent amount of squaking after reaching the speed of 40 miles an hour. In Jehu, Biss Bovee spends many delightful hours exploring the highways and biways. Two desires hold a foremost place in her must’s. These are to learn to fly and to bicycle through England. A golf addict, she has a peeve “Against those who deceive me into thinking they are dubs and demonstrate that if they are dubs, I must be a sub-dub.” “If the day only had 48 hours, I’d be perfectly happy,” stated Miss Bovee during our chat. With her cheery laugh ringing in our ears and her contagious enthusiasm inspiring us, we salute Miss Dorothy Bovee, a personality plus.
5th Colimm-t The war seems to have turned into a dud. Nothing very exciting going on. The Greeks keep chasing the Italians back into Albania, And the Italians keep running. Even over London and Berlin they seem to have run out of spectacular stunts. And are settling down to a winter of blowing the (censored) out of one another. « Hi Ik The mad house-painter from Austria is slipping also. Or else he is too busy reading the American newspapers. Wondering, t?e suppose, if his agents reaUy are that good. Whether the American people . . . Don’t know the difference between gunpowder and cement. Hi * * Or just don’t care where they toss their cigarettes. As we were saying about the little corporal. He has failed, to date, in signing up the Bulgarian boys to do business exclusively with him. And he may have a lot to offer, but it has been our observation that when you put your name on the dotted line. You don’t join the Axis. You get it. * * * It appears that John Bull had his finger in the pie somewhere. At any rate he is offering aid. And promising to insure integrity. And guaranteeing independence. Along with a few' other rash promises.
The Purdue Exponent ELntered aa second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act pf Conaresa of llf^b 8, 1878, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act Of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8 50 Editor-In-Chief . ... R. W. Donahue Business Manager . _ JHerle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor . . „ J. H. McKee Managing Editor D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, B. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Ijocal Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Lahders; Prpniotion Manager, C. E. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, B J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, B. M. Becktenwald Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Butb Rose, Donna Siess Sports Staff Editor „ J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. P. Adamson, P. C Johnson, R. O. Swaim ^ Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Ruffner Day Editor: Siess Ass’t. Night Editor: Clark Night Sports Ed.: Adamson Workers: R R. Bunnion, J. F, Amos, M. Boynton, M. L, Losey, J. Galloway, E. W. Nordlinger, D. J. Davidson, S. H Lowy, P. L Brink, C. Leuty, R E, Humrickhouse, R. T. Eberts, A. Worsley, J. P. Zinski
He may be a long way from licked. And maybe he can still insure something. As long as he’s not too sure. But in our estimation. He’d have a hard time. Getting Lloyd’s to take any bets on his own integrity.—dkh
WBAA 11:00—Far East Problems and Contemporary Affairs — Mr. Gordon Enders 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Farm Facts For Farm Folks 12:15—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Monitor Views the News 1:00—Just Relax 1:16—Afternoon Melodics 1:30—Meditations — Rev. Henry Baumgaertel 1:46—Market Reports 2:00—Elizabeth Crump Enders 2:30—^The Bookman 2:46—^Hymn Echoes—Jean Waddell 3:00—Science Review 3:16—News of the Week 3:30—Symphony Hall 4:30—Melody Maids 4:46—Story Book Hour
Aif. ClaJisuujt I Mudball rame into the office today, still slightly wet, composing a poem rapidly in a sort of a dismal mood: part one i wish some toxicologist would explain to me just
why it takes students who have won a game one day longer than students who have lost a game to sober up part two gloom, gloom, gloom three to nothing gloom, gloom, gloom Indiana gets a holiday today gloom, gloom —mudball.
ARC
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
H.T'itiiiiHiii.Trn
I .J^hni-ithl.barTom IL H U D S o N ' ' ■ - ■
Ml lie
ADDED
'BETTY BOOP'
—THURS. - FRI. - SAT.— TEXAS STAGE COACH I TAKE THIS OATH KING OF ROYAL MOUNTED FIRST RUN NEWS
JAe- lAnimL QbjJk fioomdu Signify convenience at your finger-tips
Telephones Baths Meals Entertainment
—
JJUL fiWkdusL ^yfhunjo^daL IAjvihl The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
iih/J f "■^ ' -y’ '- IT fef , ■% ;■'
fiuiuibUL ^xtMiMtL
\ Wedne^dtty* tfovomber 27« 1040
3 ^SpoJiJUk
/)
Tongue Twisting Names Of Grid Stan Provide Nightmares For Football Fans By Ted Ckrk Another football season has come hpon us and now is almost gone. With each pigskin campaign comes a galaxy of chaps with name^ like Oskinewski—or some other such compound fr3,cture of the alphabet. On Saturday afternoons, Oskinewski trots his vast waddle of manhood out upon some gridiron for the glory of himself and his alma mater. Before the sun has descended over the horizon, this same fellow will probably throw a pass to Swientochowski. Imagine the plight of a Ted Husing or a Bill Stern when he has to describe an aerial from Augustonowicz to Swientochowski! '
Aquacade Holds Sway This Week-end
Sharpshooter
Dolphins, Tritons Will Present Galaxy Of Famous Swimmers At Annual Show
An
lllnsioK
Tongue Twisters Of course, Mr, Oskinewski has his troubles, too. When he reports for football he has two-strikes on him, for if the coach can’t pronounce his name, he must resort to, “Hey, you.” There is little use for him to attend his sociology lecture, for the professor probably cannot pronounce it either. However, our friend seems to do alright for himself, despite the inconvenient monicker— witness Fordham, Notre Dame, and Boston College as examples. Just Gargle ’em All three of these honorable institutions inevitably depend upon the boys with the nightmare handles to carry the burden. Some three weeks ago, Fordham played host to Purdue’s Boilermakers in New York City. Obviously, the Rams were only trying to confuse the visitors, they had to have Filipowicz at fullback. To add to the irony, Peculiewicz opened the game at quarterback, while first string field general. Noble, sat on the bench with injuries. Ironical, indeed, that Noble—a chap with a civilized name —should be replaced by Peculiewicz. Nightmare Team In view of all adverse criticism, Fordham refuses to dispense with its tongue twisting lineups. According to “The Ram,” Fordhem daily paper, three lads Who answer tp Berkovich, Andrejeco and Jendryczyk (you say it) are performing for the Maroon freshman team. Some day, no doubt, they will play for the varsity. So, the headache of the unsuspecting sports fan persists. But the Gotham City school is not alone in this respect. Notre Dame, once the stronghold of the Fighting Irish, is fortunate to boast
vof one Kelley or O’Brien in recent years. Since the experts are busy at work on their All-American teams, we should like to suggest our own star-studded dream eleven of odd names. It may not be the best, but we believe it is the first of its kind. The lineup: L.E. Ed Fruitig, Michigan L.T. Nick Drahos, Cornell L.G. Abe Molinski, Tennessee C. Ray Apolskis, Marquette R.G. Bill Kusisto, Minnesota R.T. Fred Ungerer, Fordham R.E. Gene Goodreault, Boston Col. Q. B. Forest Evashevski, Michigan L.H. E,d Juzwik, Notre Dame R. H. “Sweet” Lalanne, No. Car. F.B. feeorge Paskvan, Wisconsin WAA, Union Set Deadline For Co-ed Bowling Entries Announcement has been made by Student Union and WAA that lists of teams that wish to compete in the Women’s Bowling Tournament must be in the Union office by tonight at 4 p. m. The first round of the tournament will be played off next Tuesday with five girls and two alternates composing each team. Every co-opera-tive house, sorority, residence hall, ward and local house club, is eligible to enter one teaiU in the tournament. Any group of girls in the University not included under these groups are urged to form a team of their own. A trophy will be awarded to the winning team, l.r.w.
University of North Dakota has a madrigal club of 60 voices.
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Tonight should be a big night fpr the freshman students of this school, because their pride and joy, their basketball representation, will tangle horns with the varsity, the Big Ten (or nine) champions. This edition of frosh netters should be as strong as last season’s due to the diversified amount of high school stars on the freshman squad. —M— Upperclassmen remember well the Rhinie-Varsity game of last season, a game which was won by the Varsity in an overtime after a terrifically fought game. Nope, you can’t push these freshman basketeers around the court like the football eleven pushes the frosh around the grid. —I-I— And if you have ever seen comedy, you’ll see it when the Reamer and Gimlet clubbers get together" for their annual battle of hardwood errors during the intermission. These two athletic booster clubs really put on a show. I remember quite distinctly the two clubs game of a couple of years ago. Tony Ippolito, a Gimlet and a star fullback on the football team, was the real offensive threat of that game, as he cleanly skinned four Reamers in a game of poker played in the shadows of the back-boards. Tackling and blocking with a now and then attempted field goal is also in the “books” for tonight’s GimletReamer battle. —I-I— Dutch Fehring, head baseball coach, will direct the frosh play. In his line-up will be many former
Intramural
Sports
Interfraternity Bowling NOTICE: No Intramural Basketball Games Wednesday, November 27, account of Freshman-Varsity Game.
. . , Captain Bob Igney will pilot the Riveter basketball squad the coming season. Bob is well known for his speed, accuracy and defensive finesse.
high school greats of the rapid Hoosier winter carnival. Jim Laughner, former Frankfort onehanded push shot artist, is a freshman, and should give the Varsity defense something to worry about. He made the all-state team during the Indianapolis finals two seasons ago when his Frankfort five were state champs. McGrath, a Wg boy above six feet from John Sines, former Boilermaker teammate of the famous Jewell Young, high school at North Vernon, will be another first year man to watch, as well as Menke, Friend, and others. —I-I— How about seeing a freshman rooting section to spur a great freshman five to a possible victory (or anyway a darn good scare) over their big brothers. Remember, a good cheering section is worth ten points.
SQUASH Wednesday, November 27 ' Court 1: 7 ;00 Lambda Chi Alpha vs Phi Delta
Theta
8:00 Phi Sigma Kappa vs Triangle 9:00 Kappa Sigma vs Delta Chi Court 2: 7:00 Phi Kappa Sigma 8:00 Beta Sigma Psi vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon Court 3: 7:00 Sigma Chi vs Alpha Kappa Lambda 8:00 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Beta Theta Pi
STANDINGS Bracket A Delta Tau Delta Phi Delta Theta Alpha Gamma Rho Phi Kappa Sigma Phi Kappa Tau Tau Kappa Epsilon Triangle Pi Kappa Alpha Theta Chi Sigma Nu
Won 11 10
9 8
. 6
4 4
. 3
3 2
Won
11
Lost
1 2 3 4 6 8 8 9 9
10 Lost
1 3 8
6 .
6 7 7 9 9
11
2566 2609
579 671
Bracket B
Beta Sigma Psi
Delta Upsilon 9 Phi Kappa Psi 9 Alpha Tau Omega 7 Beta Theta Pi 7 Acacia . 6 Theta Xi 5 Phi Gamma Delta 3 Phi Sigma Kappa . 3 Alpha Sigma Phi 1
High Team Series Beta Sigma Psi Delta Tau Delta
High Individual Series Zuck, Phi Kappa Sigma Jones, Beta Theta Pi
High Individual Game
Barnes, Delta Upsilon .. 265 Sample, Alpha G^ma Rho 242
GAME9 TONICaiT Bracket A—8:46 p. m.
Pi Kappa Alpha vb. Phi Delta Theta
Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Delta Taw 'Delta
Trianalb vs. Phi Kappa Sigma Tau Kappa Kpsilon vs Sigma Nu Theta Chi va. Phi Kappa Tau
Bracket B — s30 p. m.
Alpha Tau Qjmega vs. Theta Xi Phi 'Gamma Delta vs. Delta D^ilon
Acacfa vs. Phi KfmtmPsi
Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Phi'Sigma Kappa
Beta Theta Pi vs. Beta Sigma Psi TotucItNIi Ohamiis
Cary Hall 6 won the Gary Hall touchbsll championship last Right by downing a strong Gary Hall 9 outfit by the score of G-O. At the same time Ward 25 grabbed the Ward title by knocking Ward 24
around to the tune of 18-0.
HFJtS THEY COME! TER MIEHTT STMS IN THE MIGHTIEST RIVENTORE-ROMRRGE EVER FILMEI!
fe i mvf COOPER •. nmmm pAPiinn If Jl u, n
NORTH WEST POLICE //^ * Produced and Directed by CECIL B DeMILLE Original Screen Play by Alan Le May, Jesse tasky, Jr. ; and C. Gardner Sullivaw ^
Om STARTING.
WEEK TBUBSDAY
mmm oodbarb PBEITQI fOSTEI SOBiRT flESTOR
AKii
,6EB|fiE?|^i!)ll'BPtS''"* :illlAliE|/lllM|'BE)l^ mounted PflliK" P»icc5 as u ^ pnees;
With the line-up and batting order practically set for the Fourth Aimual Aquacade, the final preparations are being completed amidst the final week’s blaze of ticket salesmanship. The proceeds of the show will be used to send the Riveter swimming squad on a training trip to Florida during Clrristmas vacation. The Aquacade, which promises to be the best of the three already held, will play before 700 spectators this coming Friday and Saturday nights. Among the 24 big name swimmers that will appear on the i»rogram, three are present or past holders of national amateuTq records and a fourth is the holder of national Y.M.C.A. records. To complete the program, the Boilermaker swimming team will pldce a majority of its members in the show along with the contingent of pulchritude loaned by the Triton club. Jaretz Plenty Potent One of the best of the program’s 28 events will be the free style race between Otto Jaretz, voted the most outstanding free styler in the country for 1939, Kozolowski of Lane Technical High School of Ghicago, the Illinois state champ, and Garney and Kratzer of the Rivteter swimming squad. Kratzer is the state intercollegiate champ and Carney is national junior champ. Almost equalling this race in interest win be the bat^troke race between world champion Adolf Kiefer and the pride qf Huntington Y. M. G. A., Johnny Dilley, who is swimming tunder Riveter colors. Johnny wiQ he ineligible for intercollegiate conmetitum this year but ni^ season, aiKsocding to Diidc PapengntSbt be wQl be the Big Ten’s outstanding baekatroker. AspinaBBadE The 220 yard breastsroke record will the in jeopardy while lP«pen«nth% pdseincotsge, Patty AspinaU, slices ten lengths of the pool in an attempt 'to ihceaik her own mark in the event. Another periled record is the 83% foot mark for plunging that will -he attacked its maker, Niel Stillwell. Rod and Reeler Miller As a special event on the program, Doc Miller will emerge from his haunts in the depths of the Administration Building to disphty Ms prowess with the Tod and red. Doc will chum up the placid waters of the pod as the angles for Ms fish, which in this case will be a member of the swimming team. Although the “fish” win be of above aven^ size and not sport the usual fins, the good doctor will still run into enough difficulty to keep him busy. Tickets for the show are being sold by members, of the Dolphin and Triton Clubs at 40 cents apiece,
j.dff.
Dave Rankin Named On AP's Conference Team; Mich. Places 4 CaptEun Dave Rankin’s sidlar grid performances were recognised when he was placed'on the Associated Press Big Nine All-Star grid team. Rankin was voted the position by a large margin. Holding down the other end is Ed Frutig of MicMgan who is joined by three other Wolverines, Tom Harpion at half, Forrest Evashevski at quarter, and Fritz at guard. ^ Bounding out the team were Odson of Minnesota, and Bauman of Northwestern at tackles, Heinmuz, Northwestern at center, and Loh' anc. Northwestern at the ether guard. The only Wisconsin man chosen was Paskvan at fnUbariiU The nine coaches who picked the teams Eind 'team members gave Michigan’s vaunted WMverineafmur first team spots, Northweatcsii three and the undefeated zmthM champion, Minnesota two. Thite** three teams dominated the individual choices when twenty-three players from the teams were chosen for either first or second team Mriha*. According to the experts Hie season was marked bj^ the ahaenjce of top-notch emienta and an ahuttdh ance of stellar fallbacks.4 -'Sstnahcd
Wednesday. November 27.1940
fiuhdiUL £xfuMUUtL
#>
>««
Varsity Meets Fresh (Continued from page 1) Fehring, freshman mentor, will substitute at will to find an effective combination. Listed as starting are Floyd Lawson, Jim Laughner, Loren Brower, Jim McGrath, and A1 Menke. The latter is a brother of the stars playing at Indiana this season, b.d.s. Starting Line-up: Varsity Freshmen Sumner f . . Laughner Hoffman .f . Lawson Krampe c .. Menke Riley g Brower Blemker g McGrath Playshop To Give Dinner For Clifton Webb And Cast Clifton Webb, together with twelve other members of the cast of “The Man Who Came to Dinner,” will be entertained by Playshop at a dinner, Saturday evening at 6:30 in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. All Purdue players and other students interested in dramatics are invited to attend the dinner; reservations must be made at Playshop office in Fowler Hall before tomorrow. Tickets are 75 cents each.
Vocational Education . .. seniors, for whom an automobile is essential in obtaining a job, will meet tomorrow night in an attempt to form a co-operatiVe purchasing group. According to R. E. Davis, a sponsor of the movement, it is hoped that automobiles may be obtained at a lower price under such group purchasing.
Classified Ads
FOB SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable tyiiewriters, $29.76 to $69 BO Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779. FOB BENT For Kent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone 2407. For Rent: Save money by sharing close in apartment with 8 other men. Phone 2305. Close in furnished apartment for four men students. Phone 2305. Lost: Yellow gold Hamilton men’s wrist watch with fibre strap. Reward. Call P. H. Decker, 5036. Lost: Man’s gold Elgin wrist watch Saturday at football game. R. R. Kraybill. 75783 Reward. Lost: Shell rimmed glasses in tan leather case. Wood Hall, Room 3324.
Lost: Triangle Fraternity Pin. If found, call Kruder, Phone 7026 Reward.
Feature Attraction Coming To Lafayette
Robert Preston and Paulette Goddard provide one of the romantic high spots in the new DeMille Technicolor epic “North West Mounted Police,” which opens Thursday at the Lafayette Theatre. \
fm
Add Zest to Your Daily Life Chew Delicious doublemint gum tbete's extra tun lots ot delicious, doublemint gum and enioymg lo
bxeafii
Room, board or both for two boys. Reasonable. Mrs. Ebershoff, 2428. 218 Wiggins.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting on Thursday, November 28, in room 307 of Union at 7:30 p. m. Visitors welcome. —LONG.
in the Fieldhouse. Bring Aquacade money and tickets to turn in. —SILER.
Bring your dues.
-KANE.
Notices
Scabbard and Blade: There will be a formal meeting for actives only on Thursday, November 28, at 7:30 p. m. in Room 803 of the Union, —MEESE.
Band Officers: Debris pictures will be taken in Union south ballroom Wednesday, November 28, at 8:40 p. m. Full dress uniform. —SMITH.
Zouaves: All actives and !pledges report to south ballroom of Union Wednesday, November 27, at 8:16 for the Debris picture. Wear formal uniform. —GIBSON.
Novice Pistol: Students to fire in the sixth novice pistol group may sign up in the supply room of the Armory. This will be the last group of the year. 12-1. —BROWN.
AH Girls: You are invited free of charge to sixth PIA dance class lesson Thursday, November 28, at 7:30, in north ballroom of Union. —HUMPHREY.
Triton Club: Meeting Tuesday, November 26, at 7:15 p. m. and Thursday, November 28, at 7:15 p. m. Advanced ballet will practice Friday, November 22, at 4 p. m., every day of week starting Sunday, November 24, at 4 p. m., and at 7:16 p. m. Tuesday, November_ 26, and Thursday, November 28, Beginning ballet practices Friday, November 22, at 4:45 p.m., every day of week starting Sunday, November 24, at 4:45 p. m., and Tuesday, November 26 and Thursday, November 28, at 7:16 p. m. —SMITH.
Pi Tau Sigma: Informal initiation at SAE house Thursday, November 28, at 7:30 p. m. Pledges wear old clothes and bring large clean handkerchief. Actives be present. —WIST.
Sigma Delta Chi: Pledges and actives meet Friday, November 29, at 4:15 in the Exponent office. Pledges bring signed replicas. Short. —McKEE.
POMM: Picture will be taken Wednesday, November 27, at 8:10 p. m. in the south ball-room of the Union. Wear formal uniform. —McCAMMON. Horticultural Society: Debris picture will be taken at 7:80 p. m. Wednesday, November 27, in the South Union Ballroom. —RUNKLE.
Newm,8n Club: Discussion group will meet in Union Wednesday, November 27, at 7:30. Topic for discussion will be “Ethics of Christianity” The executive council will meet Thursday, November 28, at 4:16. —LUERS.
Camera Club: Carl Miller of Weston Lo. will talk on “The Weston Meter” Thursday, November 28, at 7:30 p. m. in room 863. Lecture will be illustrated. All invited. —GEPHART.
Scabbard and Blade: Debris pictures of actives and pledges will be taken Wednesday, November 27, at 8 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union. Wear uniforms and white shirts. -MEESE.
Sportswomen: Debris picture will be taken Wednesday, November 27, at 7 in south ballroom. Wear one-piece dress and silk hose. —FISHLEIGH.
Military Luncheon Committee: Debris pictures will be taken on Wednesday, November 27, at 8:30 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union. Wear uniforms and white shirts. —MEESE.
WSGA Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, November 27, 7:30 p. m. in WSGA office. —ZWIERLEIN.
WAA Council Nembers: Meeting at 8:15 Thursday, November 28, in Women’s gym. —HARWELL.
Reamer Club: Actives and pledges turn in tickets and money for Freshman-Varsity basketball game Wednesday night, November 27, to Myers at the Fieldhouse. Don’t forget —BOHLIN
WAA Volleyball Callouts: Practice Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday at 4 p. m Two practices required —KIRKOFF.
Dolphin Club: Formal initiation will be held Wednesday, November 27, at 7 :15 p. m
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Ham St. Phone 5701
DRAG'S Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
University Book Store Across form the Union Next to the College Inn M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Locksmith
• Dairy Products
KEYS and LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phona 2828
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
SCHEDULE 1QL1 /7)/>
OF A
IvH-i ^JJIi ORGANIZATION
PICTURES
NOVEMBER 27th
Please be prompt for the sittings which will be held in
the south Union ballroom at the following times:
SPORTSWOMEN
7:00 p. m.
P. E. W
7:10 p. m.
THAELES
7:20 p. m.
PURDUE HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY
7:30 p. m.
ANTIGONISH HOUSE
7:40 p. m.
GLENWOOD HOUSE
7:50 p. m.
SCABBARD AND BLADE
8:00 p. m.
P. 0. M. M
8:10 p. m.
ZOUAVES
8:20 p. m.
LUNCHEON COMMITTEE
8:30 p. m.
R. 0. T. C. BAND OFFICERS
8:40 p. m.
A. I. M. E
8:50 p. m.
CO-OP OFFICERS
9:00 p. m.
CO-OP BOARD
9:10 p. m.
DOVER HOUSE
9:20 p.m.
KNEALE HOUSE
9:30 p. m.
LUMA HOUSE
9:40 p. m.
MARWOOD HOUSE
9:50 p. m.
OWEN HOUSE
.10:00 p. m.
ROCHDALE HOUSE
.10:10 p.m.
SALISBURY HOUSE
.10:20 p. m.
WESTMINSTER HOUSE
.10:30 p.m.
BIVOUAC HOUSE
.10:40 p. m.
CHAUNCEY HOUSE
.10:50 p. m.
CIRCLE PINES
.11:00 p. m.
Theta Alpha Phi: Meeting of actives on Wednesday, November 27, at 7:80 p, m. in Fowler Hall. _ , —RUDDELL.
Flying Club: There will be a meeting of the Flying club on Wednesday) November 27, at 7:80 p. m., in room 808 of the Union. ’ —GEEVE.
Cooperative Houses: SC A board pictures for Debris scheduled for 9:10 p. m. Wednmday, November 27, in south ballroom. Do not wear saddle shoes or skirts and sweaters. Board officers should be present at 9. —PLUMMER.
Newman Club: The monthly Communion will take place Sunday, December 1. A breakfast will be served after the 9:30 a. m. Mass. —J. A. B.
AIME Members: Debris pictures will be taken at 8 :B0 p. m. Wednesday, November 27, in south ballroom. Be on tlmel —PHILLIPS.
Wesley Players: Meeting Thursday from 8 to 9 p. m. at West Lafayette Methodist Church. —PETERSON.
WSGA Office Committee: Important meeting Wednesday, November 27 at 4 p. m. in the WSGA office. If you can’t be there, notify me beforehand. ThoSe who have been unable to turn out before this time but want to work should also be there. Attendance will be taken. —STIERS.
Chess Club: Meeting at 8 o’clock, Wednesday, November 27, in game room of the Union. Important. —CURTNER.
All men interested in boxing: There will be a meeting at 4 p. m. this afternoon m the boxing quarters of the Fieldhouse. Both novice and experienced men are requested to appear. —BENNA.
Xi Sigma Pi Pledges: Meeting Wednesday, November 27, in room 802 of Union at 7. —SHAW.
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Meeting at 7 Wednesday morning, November 27. Wear uniforms. —BLACKWELL.
Rifle Club: There will be a meeting of the rifle club in room 104 of the Fl^ldbouse tonight at 7:30 p. m. —SCOTT.
AH Sophomore Debate Managers: Men and co-eds, report at debate office at 4 p. m., Wednesday, November 27. —HULTGREN and LEE.
Band Officers: The officers’ picture wUl be taken at 6:50 p. m., tonight, Wednesday, November 27, in the South ballroom. Please appear in full dress. —TODD.
Alpha Zeta: There will be no meeting this week. —STEWART.
, Wesley Foundation: Millionaires p^y Friday evening, 8 p. m., at Foundation house. Admission 20c per couple, or 10c plus Be bachelor’s tax per person. Bring a date and get a million dollars. —WAGNER.
Tau Beta Pi: Formal initiation Wednesday, November 27, at 5 p. m., room 304, Union. —MONTGOMERY.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Thursday, November 28, 7:30 p m., room 302, Union. —BURROUGHS.
Vocational Education Seniors: Everyone interested in the group plan for purchasing automobiles please meet at 7:30 p. m. Thursday, November 28, in Room 212 of the Union. —DAVIS.
Glider Club: Meeting Thursday, November 28, at 7:30 p. m. in room 328 of Union.
Religious Council: Regular meeting Wednesday, November 27, 7:30 p m. in room 68 of Union Program in charge of John Coster, Gordon Graves. All welcome. —MANGUS.
S j/
Take Inventory of your Wardrobe!
Always have those idle Garments ready for last minute plans ! SAWITONE CLEANING is tops !
«'I