, Vi ? > ^
■^‘1^ r
■^‘1^ r
©he Pursue TExponeitt
Published Daily by Students of Puirdne University
VolDme XLVin
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, D^iCEMBER 9, 1936
NUMBER 6B
Scabbard And Blade Adds 29 New Men
Military Honorary Follows Initiation With
Banquet At Lodge
Scsdbbard and Blade, honorary military fi’aternity, initiated 29 members in a formal ceremony held at the Armory at 5 o’clock yesterday afternoon. Following the induction ceremonies the entire company had an initiation banquet at Lincoln Lodge. After this banquet Colonel “Tommy” Tompkins, veteran of many Indian fights on the early frontier and commanding officer of the 7th Cavalry which was with General Pershing on the expedition into Mexico against Villa, spoke on some of the more interesting phases of his wide and varied career. Senior initiates include. Cadet Colonel G. W. Martin, Cadet Lieutenant Colonels O. W. Buenting, D. R. Tam, and R. F. Royster, Cadet Majors L. D. Wood, A. L. McCollum, R. K. Williams, A. F. Ganier, and E. G. Rothenberger. ^ Cadet Captains D. R. Moore, R. H. Lucas, R. N. Lemen, F. E. Dieterle, C. Brewer, B. A. McCandless, N. C. Belury, D. F. Mull, and C. C. Hamilton. Band Brevet 1st Lieutenant C. P. Hall, and Band Brevet 2nd Lieutenant O. W. Miller. Junior initiates include: Cadet 1st Sergeants E. N. Cox, D. D. Baals, J. R. Murray, R. C. Kingsbury, and P. S. Emrick. The four associate initiates are: Captain S. A. Beckley, Captain J. L. Graves, Prof. Robert Phillips, and Prof. H. M. Jacklin.
‘Oh! Anything But Blueberry" Groans Fainting Pie-Eater
By Dorothea Justin
Thirty-two blueberry pies lay in a row on the Pi Kappa Alpha lawn yesterday afternoon, ready for sixte,en freshmen to tear into them. Add the-noise of the fire station siren, Jerry Ciral shooting guns, with shouts from Kappa Sigma, Pi Kappa Phi, and Pi Kappa Alpha men, treble pleas from some of the Barracks girls, and your idea of the setting of the first pie-eating contest at the University—^that between the Pi K A’s and the Pi Kapps—is nearly complete. All else the scene had were a few policemen, housewives from Andrew Place, shrill little girls, and people in several nearby cars as interested spectators. Trophy Two teams of eight men each were competing for an engraved, copper plated pie pan, and the title of champion pie-eaters. That very weighty problem is not yet solved. The results of the dispute were stomach aches, chills, cramped muscles, and a lot of fun. The contest ended in a draw. At a gunshot, the sixteen pledges of the two houses raced from the fire station to the Pi K A house, fiung themselves on the lawn, and started devouring the pies without outside help, and without using their hand or utensils. The Winnhh! Paul Edwards, to the tune of cheers led by Carl Sadler, finished his two required pies in Six minutes and twenty-two seconds. During his pie enveloping he took time out to remark that two pies weren’t enough; he should have drunk a chocolate malted before he came. Oh, Blueberry With faces as purple as the pie filling, Anderson, Pi Kapp, Doug White, and Jack Herra, Pi K A’s, were next to zigzag to the fire^station on the prescribed return trip. White cbllapsed to the pavement, groaning, “If it had been anything but blueberry I” The trophy, because of the tie, Avill stay with the Pi Kappa Alphas, challengers, forthe first part of the school year. Pi Kappa Phi will keep it the remaining time, until the contest next year. An annual classic will be held by the two original con-
Purdue’s Newly Proposed Field House
Honeywell To Exhibit Flower Arrangement
“Flower Arrangement” will be demonstrated by Prof. E. R. Honeywell, of the horticulture department, before a meeting of the Art Club in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. Professor Honeywell will use real flowers in his demonstration so as to bring out different color schemes that may be used in decorations.
University 4-H Party Tonight
Eugene Akers To Have Charge Of Program In Agriculture Hall At 7
Featuring a program of readings, songs, and games, the annual allUniversity 4-H Club party will get under way in the assembly room of Agriculture Hall tonight at 7 o’clock. Special guests will include faculty members and members of the state 4-H club staff. Admission is ten cents. The following committees are in charge: Entertainment, Mary Wien, Helen Kelly, and F. L. McReynolds, 4-H staff member; refresment, Lillian Murphy; Reception, Damon Catron. The all 4-H committee chairman is Eugene Akers.
Welders Meet
Here Thursday
Special Demonstrations To Follow Sessions
The twelfth annual Conference on Welding, sponsored by the University department of practical mechanics and the department of engineering extension with the cooperation of manufacturers and users of welding equipment, will be held Thursday and Friday, December 10 and 11, in the Michael Golden Shops. Nine thousand programs have been mailed, and arrangements have been made for a special train from Indianapolis and return. Special demonstrations associated with the welding industry will follow each session. Mr. E. W. P. Smith, of the Lincoln Electric Company, Cleveland, Ohio, one of the principal speakers, has been at the University addressing classes on various phases of welding.
Multiproforum To Meet In Golden Shops A panel discussion during which criminal law, criminology, and educational facilities for investigation and the recent trend toward improvement of facilities, will be discussed at 7:30 tonight in room 101 of the Michael Golden Shops.
Phi Kappa Tau
Phi Kappa Tau announces the initiation of Capt. E. V. Holmes and Capt. S, A. Beckley.
testing houses in the future. More Pie! Just for variety, chocolate pie was served for dessert to the Pi K A’s last evening, while the Pi Kapps enjoyed warm mince pastry.
Plans Completed For Field House Financing
—Courtesy Purdue Alumnus.
Alumni And Friends Expected To Furnish $108,000 Needed Besides PWA Grant And Bond Sale
According to word received last night from R. B. Stewart, University controller, arrangements^ for financing Purdue’s new Field House have been completed. A PWA grant of $293,400, 45 per cent of the total cost of the structure, estimated at 652,000, was officially announced on October 9 by Forrest M.
ex-civil
Logan, ex-civil engineer of ’04, state Public Works Administration director. / Since that time a $250,000 issue of bonds has been sold by the University as a part of the financial program for the Field House, and donations from University alumni and friends are expected to bring in the additional $108,000
needed.
$100,000 Donation W. c. Speck, B. S. M. E. ’10, general superintendent of the Buckeye Steel Castings Company, Columbus, Ohio, is the first alumnus to make a donation, and one anonymous donor from among the alumni has made a cash donation of $100,000 for the
project.
Advertisements for bids for the building have appeared in state publications over Stewart’s signature, and the completed bids must be submitted to the University by December 21, at 11 a. m. If the bids are low enough, contracts will be awarded and the work will start at once. At this time, also, it is expected that all the necessary funds will be raised. Erection of the Field House will fill a long felt need in the University, and Would give Purdue one of the most modern, complete, and unified athletic plants in the country. It will be constructed on land donated for the purpose several years ago by David E. Ross, B. S. E. E. ’93, president of the Purdue Board of Trustees.
H. V. Cobb Called Home By Death Of Relatives H. V. Cobb, sophomore in the
school of agriculture and president of the Purdue Co-operative Association^ was called home Saturday because of the death of his sister, Marcella, 14, and his mother, Mrs. Myrtle Cobb, 39, The deaths were caused when they attempted to clean linoleum with a mixture of gasoline, paraffin and wax. The kitchen range ignited the fumes. The farm is northeast of Huntington, to which neighbors rushed the two in a futile attempt to save their lives. The house was burned
to the ground.
Postpone Hanley Speech Contest
The junior class division of the Hanley Speech Contest, originally planned to be held this afternoon in University Hall, has been postponed until an indefinite date in February that will be announced in a later issue of the Exponent The senior contest will follow shortly after the juniors finish, so that class winners will have time to prepare for the finals, which are still scheduled for March 18. The postponement was announced yesterday by Prof. A. R. Monroe, of the University speech department.
Browsing Room To Show New Books
New books, reprints of old books will be on display in the Browsing Room from December 11 to 16. Publishers are sending books that are especially interesting at this time of year with their suggestions of gifts for friends of all ages. All tastes in literature have been remembered in the selection running from cook books to history, philosophy to science and back to fiction. Lyon and Healy are, also, sending a display of music and music bboks for the occasion.
Warner Will Address SAE
Lecture Motion
To Illustrate With SHdies, Pictures Society of Automotive Engineei-s sponsoring a “Midwest Presidents’ Night” which includes a banquet at 7 o’clock tomorrow and a joint meeting of the University branch and the Indiana section of the SAE afterwards.
John A. C. Warner, secretary and general manager of the society, will speak. His subject is entitled “Automotive Engineering Conquers The World” which he will also illustrate with slides and motion pictures. Warner will delve into economic and social benefits brought to every part of the world through the products of automotive genius. Ralph R. Teetor, president of the Society of Automotive Engineers, will also speak at the joint meeting on “Keeping The Automotive Industry Young”. He will use motion pictures and slides to dramatize his talk which will center on startling engineering advances now nearing the post-laboratory stage.
Financial Reports Show Surpluses
The eleventh annual financial report, covering the various campus and student activities organizations and societies for the school year 1986-1936, as compiled by William A. Bodden, auditor of student organizations, shows that 62 active organizations and 11 inactive drganizatipns had a total of $57,861.64 in receipts and $56,422.79 as expenditures. There was a decrease of six from the previous year in the number of accounts kept by the auditor. When the difference between the expenditures and receipts is added to the beginnig surpluses, the total is $15,672.71. This was the second consecutive year that the Organizations showed receipts larger than expenditures. The report was recently published.
Home Ec Exhibits Hand
Woven Mountain Rugs
In the school of home economics there is now on display an exhibit of hand-woven articles done by the Matheny Weavers, which is owned and operated by Berea College of Berea, Kentucky. The products on display are adaptations of exact copies of old patterns and all the work of the dyeing and weaving is done by the women of this mountain community. The exhibition is open to the public in the west clothing laboratory any afternoon from 1 until 3 o’clock from December 10 to 16.
7 Address
Speech Convo
English 14 Students Select Best Speaker In Course
Students in English 14 classes of the University attended a convocation last night at 7:30 in Fowler Hall to choose the best speaker now taking the speech course. Prof. A. H. Monroe, of the department of speech, was in charge of the program which consisted of seven speeches. S. M. Marks, sophomore; M. T. Gannon, junior, and M. C. Compton, senior, all former winners of the contest,, introduced 'the speakers. The speakers and their subjects were: R. E. Glos, “A Boiler-feed Water Treatment Plant;” G. Devore, “Privately Owned Planes;” Miss Margaret. Jones, “Furnishing The Kitchen;” C. W. Hamilton, “Removing The Nut From Behind The Steering Wheel;” R. P. Hooker, “Busses For Lafayette;” H. T. Helton, “Keys To Pit Their Ke3rways;” R. E. Rosenberg, “Machine Made Engineers.” Students attending the convocation answered a questionnaire concerning each of the speakers and also rated the speeches in order of proference. The winner of the contest will be determined from these ratings today.
Change Film Date
“The Wonder World Of Chemistry,” moving picture sponsored by A. I. Ch. E., will be given Tuesday, December 16, instead of today, because of the inspection trip of the chemical junior and senior engineers.
Kappa Delta Rho
Kappa Delta Rho announces the initiation of L. S. Billman, Anderson; R. M. Hill, East St. Louis, 111.; R. B, Newhouse, Oaklandon; J. R. Kriegbaum, Huntington; J. B. Kirkpatrick, Mishawaka; and J. W. Beers, Hammond.
Prospective Freshmen Squash Players To Meet
A meeting of all freshmen interested in playing squash will be held in Chief Clevett’s office tomorrow at 4:16. Although squash is considered a minor sport, major letters are being awarded to men who meet the necessary qualifications. However, freshman players are given numerals. The number of nmnerals depends upon the size of the s<|uad. Usually about five freshmen are awarded the numerals.
Contract Pie-Eaters For Rassle
Tickets Selling Fast; Few Remain; Beaf^ Competition Keen
P. W. Edwards and R. A. Anderson, first man to finish and runnerup, respectively, in the pie-eating contest between pledges of Pi Kappa Phi and Pi Kappa Alpha fraternities yesterday afternoon were contracted by Sigma Delta Chi last night to eat a one-pie bout at the Riveters’ Rassle Friday night. Both men are Pi Kappa Phi pledges. The contest will be staged on the platform in the Memorial Union Building during an intermission of the dance. Starting at a given signal, Edwards and Anderson wiD each devour a black raspberry pie using only their mouths for the attack. Only a few of the limited number of tickets for the Rassle remained for sale last night, according to Cliff Hardin, president of Sigma Delta Chi. With only three days to go in the beard gro'wing contest yesterday afternoon leading contenders for the prizes of ticket refunds and special novelty awards were applying various catalysts for promoting hirsute growths in a feverish lastweek effort to make their best appearance Friday night
Elliott Confers
With State Budget Committee Here
Members of the state legislative budget committee, composed of two senators and two representatives, conferred with President E. C. Elliott, several of the trustees and University officials yesterday on the budget needs of the University for the coming bi-ennium starting next July. They went over the budget requests and also spent some time inspecting the campus and farms. The budget committee is makirig a trip to all state institutions in advance of the convening of the legislature in January. Members of the committee who were here were State Senators I. Floyd Garrott, Battle Groimd, ’09, Purdue; and Thurman I. Gottschalk of Berne; Representatives Hobart Creighton, of Kosciusko County and E. C. Ropkey, Indianapolis; and Ed Brennan, budget director.
Skating Party Set For Next Saturday
The PIA skating party that was scheduled for today has been postponed until December 12 from 7 to 10 o’clock. The party will be held at Maple Point with refreshments of coffee and doughnuts to be served during the evening. No charge will be made for the skating, but transportation will be furnished at 15 cents per person. Busses will leave the Memorial Umbn Building at 7 and 7:30 p. m. This is the first of three skating parties that will be given for P. L A. members. Any member may bring a date for the party without
charge.
t, ■fc.A ♦
[ Whisker-Tester '
Gages Beard Feel K Fineness
Bring A Beard And Pluck A Prize
Rassle Refunds
Appropriate Awards; il^lsa .''t'\ >* ' '
l*a«!Twtt
THE PURDUE EXPONENT *
Wednesday, December 9,1936
*> 1
> ■ 1/
The New Platform Those who glance regularly at the editorial columns of the Exponent will notice that a new platform has been adopted^ Three of its five points were carried over from the bi^evious platform; the other two are modifications of previous planks. The no smoking tradition has been dropped at least temporarily, from the platform. This does not mean that we are no longer supporting the tradition or that we feel that observance has become universal. Rather it is believed that the idea has been brought to the attention of everyone, and that further steps directed at its observance, if needed, will find ready support. The point asking the establishment of student self-government has been modified to read “Reform the Student Senate.” It has been found that the University is ready to cooperate if the Senate is willing. Whether this lack of action is due to apathy or inability of the entire group or merely of its officers is a question yet to be answered. An editorial tomorrow morning will discuss this problem in greater detail. The abolition of campus politics, insofar as they concern activities which should choose their officers on merit, is now directed at all such groups, not merely at the Student Union as in the past. Again, this does not mean that changes should not be incorporated in the Student Union election systems, for I firmly believe that such changes would be advantageous and, in time, will be made. A further discussion of merit systems will appear next week.
Red Charges
Accusing universities of being communistic centers seems to have become a national pasttime within the last several years. State Senator John J. McNabee, chairman of a committee of the New York legislature, investigating Communism in schoob, was startled recently when he found in his investigations that there were about twenty-five students in Cornell University who sympathized with some communistic principles. Immediately he labeled Cornell as a “center of communistic principles,” despite the fact that approximately
6,000 students are enrolled there.
But what really is startling is that a representative of the people should make such a charge on such flimsy evidence. In a student body of 6,000 it is only natural that a variety of opinion should exist, and if the legislative bodies should try to control the right of free discussion and opinion in universities, these institutions will have lost their true purpose, namely, makijig students think for them-
selves.'
Past records have shown that Cornell and other universities turn out men who are as true to w^erican principles and ideals as any group of people existing.—C. D. S.
Precis Writing
Precis writing has been called old fashioned, a type of exercise in composition that should be placed in the museums along with the McGuffy “readers.” Perhaps its value in the teaching of composition went out when the present policy of “teach ’em their grammar, and let ’em write” came in, but precis writingdoes have a definite use to the student and might well be taught in the University. Precis writing is brief writing. It is the act of condensing the contents of a paragraph into a single sentence, grammatically correct, omitting all uniniportant details, but retaining all important ideas of the original. It may easily be seen that such a formal procedure is of small value in teaching a student how to write, but the ability to condense a paragraph into a sentence is invaluable in itself. Students waste much time in inefficient note-taking. Many students are unwilling to take advantage of the wealth of information the University library offers, because they do not know how to condense what they read in^urttue exponent Founded in 188S
Ente^ p se^d claM matter at the poet office, TAfayHtft Indiana. Ddivered b:r m^, $8.60 per year; ddivored by carrier, 42.60 poryearsaoldbyoinsrleoopy. 2centa. » MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Bngineee Phono 6088 Editorial Phone 6087 Daily Student Publication of Purdue UniTersity
W. T. Hunt .n. H. Morris
EDITORIAL STAFF
Edlt«r-ln-Chirf___„ —__ wVi!SSS;D±£K A ^ ^ ii ** S. Hardin, n ^ a5- ?• KeUogg, K. E. O’Neil,
. C. D. Schroeder. H. L Stanback, D. E. Vance.
Editor.
WOMEN'S STAFF
Aaaoeiato Editoni_JZ.' AdvarUoinir Manacor.
•Nelen Creech
—.—__._.___.^ien ureecn —-J^nne Jranouiek, Dorto McCartney.
Elisabeth Fyke
Betty Barnett
BnrinoM Maaaawr_
BUSINESS STAFF
fbaoma Adve^inx Managor„
Manag«.___.
ttreuIaMon MajBa»er~..,
-..JS. J. Huleo _L. H, Brown
C. MUler
-J. P. Girard
Bpafh Editor,
SPOETO STAFF
Awflirtat# Sporti Bditow_ ;!
- J* D. Wood
-W. H. FilidYs. R. Griffiths, ■ *. F, Qbenebain
to concise, complete* and readily available notes; and when an instructor requires la student to read certain books or articles in the library, the value received from the reading is often hot worth the time spent. A short course of instruction in precis writing, probably incorporated into the regular course of English instruction, would give the student the ability to make his note taking profitable, and more generally, the ability , to select from a whole page of words, the few definite and important facts that will be of use. “ E. B.
iMiie Editor--^. R. aark
The Question Of Subsidization No one can deny that the last two or three years have seen a definite trend towards the subsidization of football players by almost every major university in the country. We do not believe that many would dispute the fact the University of Chicago has resisted the trend better than most of these institutions, cerainly more than any other school in the
Big Ten.
In our editorial columns last week we took the stand that Chicago should in some way modify its football relations with other members of the Conference. We advocated this course, not because we were dissatisfied with the record of the Maroons this season, nor because we wished to accuse any other Big. Ten schools of subsidizing athletes, but because we felt that certain underlying principles and conditions at the University (conditions that we do not wish to see changed) prevent the Maroons from developing a team of comparable calibre to those of institutions with different standards and policies. Although our point about proselyting in the Big Ten was given prominent publicity by the metropolitan papers, of itself it has no more significance than any of the conditions peculiar to the University. But what about the question of subsidization in general? Admittedly, a strong case can be made out in favor of it. The development of collegiate football to the proportions it has reached today has been a natural growth. Thel present commercialization fof football has been brought about by the public demand for spectacular entertainment in the field of sports and by the fact that the universities have found it financially profitable to fulfill this demand. But under the present set-up, with the amount of time and work it requires to play football, most people will agree that the athlete is being exploited. So they argue, subsidie athletics, pay the football player what he is really worth. Public demand would still be satisfied, the universities would continue to derive revenue from football, and many athletes who could not otherwise attend a university would be aided in securing an education. Then everybody would
be happy.
There is only one hitch in the above argument. Universities are educational institutions and are not in business to satisfy the demand of the public for sports spectacles. If universities were run in order to satisfy every whim of the public, they would soon cease to fulfill their true function. Nor is there any more reason for universities to give special aid to athletes merely because they play football than there is to give aid to debaters or students with literary or artistic talent for those reasons alone. We can see only two possible justifications for the over-emphasis of football in universities that present-day commercialization and subsidization have brought about. First, a university may need the revenue from football to support the rest of its athletic program and, in many cases, to support its academic program. Such a university is in an extremely precarious position, however, for it must secure a winning football team every year in order to exist. Secondly, a university may depend upon the prestige accomanying a successful football team to attract a large portion of its student body. Frequently, however, a university will lose more than it gains by this, because of the consequent lowering of the scholastic level of its students. The president of Centre College once remarked that the victory of his team over Harvard in 1923 was the worst thing that could have happened to his institution, for out of the next year’s freshman class only 32 out of 134 students ever graduated. Neither of these conditions in any way applies to the University of Chicago. The Uniiversity does not need any possible revenue to be derived from football to support either its athletic or academic programs. Nor does the University need or want students who would come here mainly because of a winning football team. There is no logical reason, therefore, for the University ever to inaugurate a policy of subsidizing athletes. Our football team can be built up by other means in keeping with both the University’s present scholastic standards and athletic policy. —Daily Maroon.
OOPS, MY DEAR, THE RASSLE HAS GONE FORMAL! Entertainment free — the next time you wish a^y classical entertainment call on “Cheerio” KIRLIN, Kappa Sig curly head, his act at the basketball game Monday night was almost a riot .... DID YOU SAY FORMAL? Left right, right left, 1-2-1-2-1-2 —^the Scabbard and Blade pledgies went marching through the ballroom Saturday night on their way to dig for unhidden treasure— and there was quite a chorus yodeling for BELURY and BUENTING to sing a solo for INA RAY—^there was no go, tho ... WHAT? ? THE RASSLE FORMAL ? ? MARY GRACE MYTINGER made a bet last Saturday with WALT SCHOLER which was written down and signed by both as
follows:
Monday I agree to have a Sundae bought by her, and if she isn’t in the Union Monday she will buy one
for me. Signed
WALT SCHOLER MARY GRACE MYTINGER A rather poorly worded contract, but the meaning is: That on Monday if MARY GRACE was not in the Union she was to give SCHOLER a sundae, and vice versa—^the funny part took place when MARY GRACE changed, the contract (because she didn’t trust SCHOLER) to read as above—by the way MARY GRACE, you do not have to comply with above for their is no consideration—and contract was made without meeting of the minds
SPEs WHICH? ? Two member^ of said lodge have planked out their pins for smooching privileges only—one of these boys wants hia back for his said privilege is being abased and underestimated . . . NOTICE!, Will CARMEN RIVADENEIRA and BOB SHAW please refrain from any future intriguing smooching in the MUSIC ROOM—this room is for “Lovers of Music” and not for just plain “Lovers.” . Union Board (paid notice) QUESTION: Are appendicitis attacks contagious?? . . . here is something for some brilliant stude to work out. r. if they aren’t contagious why do roommates and others seem to be having a sort of epidemic of such at present— JEANNE PERKINS caught it from her roommate PETE LIGHT or did she??? .... PROP TROPS: NOSS: (Sociology) “Girls should use different lipstick, I don’t like their present kind.” If you have a Prof Trof turn it in at the Union desk and the MARS double passes may be yours for next week’s big shows ...
LUMA ALL THIS WEEK
OUT OF TBNNYSON'S HCROIC PAGES CHARGE THE "SIX HUNDJUUn ERROL*FLYNN OLIVIA De HAVILLAND TkeCHARGEoftke LIGHT BRIGADE
PATRIC KNOWLES • HENRY STEPHENSON • NIGEL BRUCE • Donalil Crisp « David Nlv«a • Robert Barrat Directed by Michael Curtix • A Warner Bros. Picture — Extra — INA KAY HUTTON AND HER MELODEARS PICTORIAL
DANCING 117 e« nice ALLEN S Christmas JLj JCi S O \_F 11 Indiana*s Largest PRESENTS Dancing School Phone 2150 For Detailed Information BALLET TAP BALLROOM New Classes Open January, 1937
ARC TODAY ONLY ROCHELLE BUDSGN and CAESAR ROMERO ' in “Show Them No Mercy” — and — KERMIT MAYNARD in Jamtgs Oliver Cnrwood’s “TIMBER WAR”
LAST TIMES TODAY THEY SOUGHT ONLY THE RIGHT TO LOVE! Youth before the bar of justice . . . charged with the crime of love . . . guilty of living a life of service and devotion ... They turned the tables on their bewildered elders and made them realize the existence of a higher law which governs all mankind.
WITH
ERIC LINDEN CECILIA PARKER
Special Added Attractions Latest Edition March of Time
Major Bowes Pathe News Events
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
1. Reforijn the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus activity^ elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular i elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.y. ^
Wednesday, Dei^ember 9,1986
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Golden Gloves Boxers
Compete Tonight
Thirteeti’-Bout Card Scheduled For 7:30 In Gym; Winners Will Meet In Finals On January 6
Aspiring boxers will have their first chance to show their prowess tonight in the preliminary bouts of the Purdue Golden Gloves tournament which starts at 7:30 in the Memorial Gym. Weighing in was completed yesterday, and the physical examination this afternoon by Dr. Miller will finish up the neces-
sary red tape.
Finals Later The winners of tonight’s bouts will compete in the semifinals and finals which are scheduled for January 6. The winners! in the finals will meet the Lafayette Golden Gloves team on January 13 to pick a squad which will represent Lafayette and West
FAMILY
LAST TIMES TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE LEW AYRES MARY CARLISLE “Lady Be Careful” — and — RALPH BELLAMY in “Straight From the Shoulder” Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday IRENE HERVEY
“Along Came Love” — and — JACK HOLT
in
“North of Nome”
LAST TIMES TODAY
miAE HITS TOE MRNYARD CIRCUITI
iGOWESTr { YOUNG MAM" ^ WARREN WILLIAM RANDOLPH SCOTT •'» J1
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday TOM BROWN ELEANOR WHITNEY “ROSE BOWL”
Lafayette in the Golden Gloves boxing tournament at Chicago in Feb-
ruary.
Coach “Punchy” Maxwell was confident last night that there will be severaljiard-fought matches. He said, “Some of these boys are evenly matched and will put up real battles. I know that all those who come will see a lot more than twen-ty-five cents worth of good, cleanly fought boxing.
Co-eds Welcome
“Since girls enjoy watching clean sport as well as fellows, these bouts will provide them with plenty of entertainment. I would like to see all the men bring along their co-ed friends. It doesn’t cost any more than a movie, and besides it’s something new and different.” Matches scheduled are: 112 lb.—Franklin vs. Rose 118 lb.—Nash vs. Day 126 lb.---Fernandez vs. Mulholland 135 lb.—Engeman vs. Rosenburg Krashen vs. Certucha 147 lb.—Giles vs. Diggens Shellhammer vs. Giovanni Butcher vs. Forburger Godbey vs. Prater Bryan vs. Louis 160 lb.—Paarlberg vs. Lord 176 lb.—(exhibition) Lyles vs. Seifert. Heavyweight—Martin vs. Surface. The following drew byes in tonight’s matches, but will box in the finals: 112 lb.—Markey 118 lb.—Steelman 126 lb.—^Hardesty 147 lb.—^Trcka 160 lb.—^Bacharach.
SQUASH
-TODAYCLASS “B”
4 '.OO—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Kappa Tau 4:46—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Delta Upsilon. 6:80—Sigma Chi vs. Pirathon. 6:16—^Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Kappa Delta Rho" 7:00—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa PsL
ielder’s.... ....choice I By Bob Walpole
Not bad for an opening game ... time, experience, and competition will remove the sloppiness shown by the Boilermakers in their initial game Monday night... at that, the boys didn’t do bad in scoring 57 points ... —^fc—
Last year Purdue was decidedly a second half team . . . the question arises again . . . the 1936-37 five going to be another second half outfit ? . . . judging from the opening showing, we would say yes . . . they scored seventeen points in the first twenty minutes of play . . . , and they scored forty in the second . . . —^fc—
We kept a record of the shots attempted by some of the sharpshooters last night during the game, and a record of both teams ... they are subject to change if we missed a couple, but we fully believe they almost hit the mark . . . Purdue attempted sixty-one shots . . . they scored on twenty-three of them .. . for a percentage of 37.7. . . . —^fc—
Now for Western State . . . they attempted 55 shots, and scored on 13 of them ... their percentage was 23.61.... in the first half, the Kalamazoo netmen outshot Purdue by three-tenths of a point . . . scoring 23.3 per cent of shots attempted.. —^fc— Jim Seward opened the scoring for the evening and sank another in four tries for a 50 per cent average . . . Sines made seven out of seventeen, and Young turned in a percentage of shots completed of 25 per cent ... as sloppy as the shooting looked, the figures indicate that Piggy has his boys shooting straight even as early as this in the season . .. —^fc— Apparently a lot of folks were curious to see just what kind of an outfit Piggy has developed this season ... the reserved seats were just about sold out, and the downstairs bleachers were packed . . . —^fc—
Some fine boxing matches coming off this evening . . . Purdue Golden Gloves . . . Memorial Gymnasium at 7:30 ... if you want to see some rough-and-tumble scrappin’, just drop around . . .
GIVE HER "GOLD STRIPE" "DEXDALE" "FASHION" HOSIERY 69c, $1.00, $1.65 Pair
The precious gift boxes!
They're more than Christmas wrappings—more than pretty boxes! Their very label. The Fashion, says "luxtiry within"!
MAKE THIS A PRACTICAL CHRISTMAS! GIVE HER A GIFT SHE CAN WEAR!
GIFT BOXED HOSIERY 69c S pr. $2.00 $1.00 3 pr. $2.85 $1.35 3 pr. $3.90 $1.65 3 pr. $4.80
May We Suggest; Lounging Pajamas, Robes, House Coats, Negligees $5.98 to $16.95
Silk Lingerie . . . Gowns, Pajamas, Slips, Dancettes, Stepins $1.98 to $5.98
Handbags for all occasions $1.98 to $5.98
Silk or Wool Scarfs $1.00 to $1.98
Dainty Kerchiefs 25c to $1.00 each
Ski Suits—^Are ideal for the college girl
$7.98 and up
Wool Sweaters:—Slipons Twin Sets $1.98 to $5.98 Wool Skirts $1.98 to $5.98 Blouses . . . Satins, Laces, tame Chiffons $1.98 to $5.98 Leather and Fabric Gloves $1.00 to $2.98
PRESSES COATS FURS FOR THE COLLEGE GIRL
XMAS GIFTS FROM THE FASHION MEAN MORE
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Rent—Comfortable, single room, close to campus, 432 N. Grant street. Available December 10.
Oh! How Beautiful—^You look tonight. That’s what the boy friend will say after a visit to Loeb’s Beauty Salon. Phone 7901, Betty McQuisten for appointments.
Lost—^Light grey checked wraparound topcoat in Exponent office, Friday, December 4. Finder please call Brock, 2501. Reward.
NOTICES
No noticM accepted after 8 p. m.
Spelline Class—Students who have not passed their Freshman Composition spelling tests may <iake the test in special classes which will be held every day starting on Monday, December 7, until Friday, December 11, from 4 to 6 p. m. Attendance is voluntary. Consult instructors for room assignments. —WYKOPF.
C. E. 62—^An opportunity for the remdval of conditions in C. E. 62 will be given at 1 p. m., December 12, in room 206, Civil Engineering Building. —PETTY.
R. O. T. C.—^Examination for the removal of condition grade in Military Training 4 will be held on December 10 and 11. Students desiring to take this examination should report to me at the Adjutant’s office, Armory, before 4 p. m., December 8. —HAYFORD.
P. O. M. M.—Members who ordered keys may get them by calling at the Pi Kappa Phi House. —McCANDLESS.
Co-eds on Exponent—^All members of my staff please meet in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building at 4 p. m. December 9, for a compulsory meeting. —JANOUSEK.
R. O. T. C.—All juniors in the advanced course will report in uniform to supply room between hours of 8 a. m. and 4 p. m. December 8 and December 9 to be measured for boots and Sam Browne belts. —HALLAM.
Reamer Club—-Formal initiation December 9, at 5 p. m., in the Memorial Union Building. All members must attend. —BUXTON.
Co-ed Debate—^Members of co-ed debate squad meet in room 301, University Hnll, at 4 p. mu, December 9. —^WINCH.
Dfscarfm Qw>.» Dfacmsfcwt grow niMting December 9, p. m, —KUEBN.
W. A. A. Hockey—An girls plesse get all equipment in bnmediafely. —THOMPSON,
Ftosh Baidcetball—The following excused freshmen basketbaU men will report for practice December 0 at 4 p. m.: Baker, Beretta, Behrens, Brady, Britt, Fisher, Hcrschelman, Lucas, Mears, Moor^ouse, Oberholtxer, Ranth, Shakleton, Sbenk, Stamm, Thomas, Utter, Vyverb^, Walkey, Williamson, and Yeager. —FEHRING,
W. S. G. A.—All sophomore, junior, and transfer women who have not filled out an activities card for WSGA please report to the office to do so within the next few days. —LIPPERT.
Y. W. C. A.—Social committee meeting in office at 4 p. m, December 11. —MdNTOSH.
Y. W. C. A.—Members meet in rooms 1 and 2, December 9, at 4 p, m, —JONES.
Military—All juniors in the advanced course who have not been measured for boots and Sam Browne belts will report in uniform, to the Supply Room December 9 between the hours of 8 a. m. and 4 p. m. —HALLAM.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council—Meeting December lo at 7:30 p. m. in room D of the Union. —KETTLE.
Y. W. C. A.—Social Service group meeting in office at 4 p. m., December 10. —CONVER.
Alpha Zeta Actives—^Meeting December 9 in room D, of the Union Building, at 7 p. m. —HARDIN.
Orchesis—General meeting December 9 at 7:30 in Women’s Gym. —PRENTICE.
Newman Club—Regular meeting in room A of the Union Building, December 9, at 4:80 p. m. —CARTON.
A. S. M. E.—^Members can now get their pins or charms from Eddie in the instrument room in the mechanical laboratory. —WOLVERTON.
Purdue Engineer—^Work on getting out issue 4 p. m., December 9, at Engineering Administration Building. --JONES.
W» S. G. A. Judicial Board—Important meeting 7:16 December 9, in the <^ice. —^FELDT.
Alpha Phi Omega—Important meeting 7:30 p. m, December 9, room P in the Union. Actives only; please be present. —KUECK.
A. S. C. E.—Meeting tonight at 7:30 p. m. room 201, Civil Building. —ROSE.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RI^ DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK OB. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
Dropping in the Sweet ShopH
Y
OU too drop
in the Sweet Shop! Come in for a sandwich, a malt, a coke, or just to meet friends. You’ll find both your friends and those you wish to make your friends, in the Sweet Shop. Drop in anytime.
OPEN XMAS! VACATION Downstairs in the
Purdue Memorial Union Comer of the Campus—Center of Activity
medlatel^fhllciwihg ASCE intetlhg! meeatbcr^O. PlacqacM will (m> given Ant t» ilMt Vleagee, —KEENAir.
IP
PeaUtr Clnti—IHniiMr meeting in ttm Poultry Boildbig, December' 10 M 0:1$ m. Persons interested call (ft'70 <m tteeem* her 9 to make reservatUate the Tickets are 20c each. ' —TBEH.
Code Classes—Classes will he held ia room 129 of the Electrical Building Dwcember 9, at 4 p. m —BBRNSTETN.
Union Workers—Anyone desiring to help on Christmas decorations for the Union, report in the office December 9 at 4 p m, —MYTINGER, REID. My committee will meet m the workshop December 9 at 4 p. m. —PFORZHEIMEB. Our committees will meet in the office December 9 at 4 p. m. —PUTZE, SHEETS
Browsing Room—No meeting December
—SHEETSu
Art Club—^Meeting in the reception room of the^ Memorial Union Building December 10, at 7-30 p m Professor K. R. Hall of the horticulture department will demonstrate “Flower Arrangement." —McLEOD
Radio Program—The following people report to the tower room of the Memorial Union Building, December 9 at 4 p, m. to try Out for radio program. Tune Shop Group, Estella Dix, Georgianna Baker, Paul Worster and members, Les Davis, Lawrence GoUble, June Coi^in, Ruth Crone, Phil Jackson. Rosemary Robinson, Charles Powell, Fred Baase, Betty Spillman, Virginia Richards, Eva Robertson, Marian Jones, Russ Mock. —BEBTH.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION
H. 6. REISNER
SOPH GIVES
eir TIMELYTlPt Hakeahitwilh dad. Ifhe’aaateadypipesmoker.giet him a apeeial Xmas package of Edgeworth Ready-Rnbh^ or Plug SliceIf he tmudies both a pipe amt cignnuatt get him thia Xaum ponml of Edgeworth JunioiwLamiBated "Cellophane” Xinm package. VaeinuBfresh tins.
WHILE THEY LAST!
51.00 POUCH FOR 10^ *.
and a white paraffin wrapper front a tin of EdgeworUt Jr.
IN YOUR COLLEGE COLORS
We offer you thia 81.00 English Type Folding Pouch snRejpCJntht with Rubberised litter only lOi and one wrapper to pecauade you to try Edgeworth jr. Buy a tin today. Send theinaide wxap>per and your dime together with thia eoupon. or pHut your naane. QoUege and addreaa on the per—wewlUaeadyourpouehim'nMdiately. Only om« a eua-t tonoer.
SKSUNk QffOl
* Rtm Cm, RWoimML Vm 'Bneloaed Sad lOg aaid aua huMa 'sddia pataflte wrtippsr fraaa a tte Mr S88iMW«*bi Jrt, for which iaad am tl.OG valaa tehanaa paaelh. (nauafitaO ^
Hama.
Adimaa.
CU^i.
.CjOtlilCtii I .It .Ill
Mil
‘I/ THE PHRDUB EXPONENT
iy«dmesday> Decgmtjfer 9» 1936,.
GO-ED
cp
AGK...
Page Editors—Caroline Hesler, Eleanor Benton
WAA Membership Shows Popularity Of Organization “We’ve had more giils come out foi WAA this yeai than ever befoie,” stated Betty Arnold, president of that oiganization, upon being questioned about the enthusiasm of the co-eds of this campus tovaid '^poits. “This fact is partly due to the fai reaching program planned by an efficient council, and partly due to the increased enrollment of women students” she added. Foi the first time in the history of WAA 201 girls have signed up for volleyball. The turnout for fencing has been tripled. Intra mural riflery teams have been chos en. Interclass teams in that sport will be announced before Christmas vacation. To climax the rifle season, the varsity team will hold a telegraphic meet with the co-ed team of the University of Illinois. Plans for second semester sports are now under way*. Basketball, bowling, and badminton tournaments will be scheduled. Members of WAA will be hostesses at an all-state play day m March. The schools which will participate are Ball State, DePauw, Earlham, Hanover, Franklin, Indiana Central, Indiana University, Manchester, N. A. G. U, at Indianapolis, and St. Mary’s. Betty’s closing comment was “I’m sure that we will interest many more co-eds in sports befo'^e our program is concluded.”
START BUSINESS With 250 Letterheads and 250 Envelopes. All Nicely Printed on Good Quality Stock, $2.50. KANE'S PRINT SHOP
401 S. 29th
Phone 5205
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
To someone you really care for.**
Give one of these stunning new ELGINS for
SEE OUR COMPLETE STOCKS TODAY You’ll find the perfect gift right here in our store. It’s an Elgin, of course, from our complete stock of the brilliant new models. There are husky, sturdy models for men and exquisitely dainty models for women. All of them flawless, dependable, accurate. Stop in today and choose the one that will carry your best wishes on Christmasday.
Co-ed Teams Start Tournament Play The enrollment of girls in volley ball this year greatly exceeds the enrollment of last year. There are sixteen teams, which is an increase of SIX teams. Wards have been divided into individual teams, two are the Bronx and the Gables. WRH has three teams and Ward II has two teams. The volley ball tournament began yesterday. The schedule for Wednesday is; Chi Omega vs. Ward III, A team, in small gym at 4 p. m. Pi Beta Phi vs. WRH, 2nd floor, in small gym at 4:30 p. m. Alpha Chi Omega vs. Ward IV. m large gym at 4 p. m. Kappa Alpha Theta vs. Ward III, B team, in large gym at 4:30 p. m.
YWCA Social Service Group Meets Tomorrow Members of the Social Service group of YWCA will hold their regular meeting tomorrow afternoon in the office. Miss Y. Y. Chou, graduate student in the school of engineering, will speak about the social position of women in China, and special violin music will be furnished by Eva Robertson. Helen Conver is in charge of the program, and invites all students interested to attend.
YWCAToVote On Changes Constitutional Amendments To Come Up Before Mass Meeting Proposed constitutional changes will be voted upon by the members of YWCA in a mass meeting this afternoon at 4 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. New methods of choosing the nominating committees, choosing the personnel of the cabinet, and filling vacancies in both cabinet and offices are' the proposed changes. Mary Wien is in charge of the committee that has drawn up these amendments, which the cabinet has already accepted and which are now ready to be voted upon by the membership at large. Patricia Jones, president of YWCA, urges that all members be present.
15 Co-eds Turn Out For Tumbling Practice The initial tumbling practice for fifteen girls was held Monday under the supervision of Miss Ellis and Martha Walker. Another meeting for girls interested in tumbling will be held next Monday.
Gold Peppers Offer New $100 ' I Loan Scholarship A graduate loan scholarship of $100 will be awarded to any senior woman for study in any accredited school in the country by the Gold Peppers, first co-ed honorary organization in the University to encourage graduate study for women, it was announced by Jeannette Scudder, president of the group. The loan, which is awarded for the first time this year, will be administered through the regular University Loan Committee, and applications for it should be made to that committee.
Noise Bothers Co-eds; Drives Them To Library Many WRH co-eds have fled to the library for study hours in order to escape the noise made by the workers who are building the new residence hall. The new building which is going up rapidly is being built on the same plan as was used for the present residence hall. Although the ground for the new hall was not broken until school started this fall, the first floor is already completed.
Triton Club To Sponsor Swim Given Instead Of Annual Interclass Meet At End of Season The recently organized Triton Swimming Club for co-eds will sponsor a recreation swim in the Memorial Gym Thursday, December 17, at 7 p. m. This party will take the place of the inter-class swimming meet which was formerly given at the end of the swimming season. After the swim and a few amusing relays, refreshments will be served in the gym. All co-eds who plan to attend the swim should sign up on the bulletin board in -the Women’s Gym, Qualifications The Triton Club meets every Thursday evening at 7 o’clock in the pool of the Memorial Gym for an open swim. In order to be a member of the club each girl must demonstrate her ability to swim the side stroke, elementary back stroke, one other stroke in good form, and five lengths of the pool free-style. She must also execute a plain front dive, float motionless, tread water, and surface-dive three times, bringing up an object each time. Any girls who passes the require-
YWCA To Sponsor Children’s Party The annual Christmas party given by YWCA for under-privileged children will be held at the Settlement house at 4 o’clock, December 16. YWCA needs Christmas gifts suitable for children from seven to twelve years of age, and all students may give donations. The gifts may be left in the box which will be put in the Women’s Gym or the one in the YWCA office. Jean Brown, who is in charge of the Settlement House, is chairman of the plans for the party. She has announced that anyone interested may attend the party, which will take the place of the regular December YWCA open meeting.
ments will be a charter member of the club, and those wlo cannot pass the tests may also swim with the group. The name “Triton” refers to that famous messenger of Neptune who calmed the waves by blowing his bugle. A committee composed of Roselyn Jackson, Barbary Roderick, Marian Long, Miss Schwann, faculty adviser, and Emily Tubbs, head of WAA swimming, is working on the constitution.
•iyw.v.a ,
...out of the Horn of Plenty come the gmi thin^$ thot $mokcf^ enjoy
... milei ripe tobaccos from the Carolinas, Georgia, Kentucky,Maryland andVirginia—there’s aplenty of the best in Chesterfield. ...aromatic tobaccos hrom Turkey and Greece—and plenty to make Chesterfields taste better-^ and different. Pleasing taste and aroma, refreshing mildness—Chesterfields are chockfull of the good things you enjoy in a cigarette.
Popnbur 17 lewel .trap £4u>$l7<S0 H.B.Lo<ide 419 Main St. LAFAYJBTTE, IND.
...jor the good things smoking can^ve you
Copytigbt 193$. UccBTr & Mybm Tobacco Co.