Elliott Appointed CWT Coordinator Hockema To Serve As Acting President,. Head Special Board Edward C. Elliott, president of the University, has been appointed co-ordinator of civilian war training in all the colleges of the nation. Dr. Elliott has been granted a leave of absence by the board of trustees and will go to Washington
next week to begin his duties.
Professor Frank C. Hockema, serving as acting president in Dr. Elliott’s absence, will head a special administrative committee composed of R. B.
Established 1889
V Ruin The Ruhr
Volume 54, No. 19
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, |une 17, 1942
Navy Commissions Training Schoo
US Army Announces New Plan tSN't To Hold Meetings Tontdrrow Afternoon
(Special to Purdue Exponent) The War Department has announced the inauguration of its general plan for the voluntary enlistment of qualified male students of Puidue University in the Enlisted Reserve Corps of the Army. The purpose of this enlistment plan is to insure for the armed forces a futuie souice of qualified officer candidates from college graduates, and, to the extent necessary to accomplish this purpose, to encourage students to enioll and continue in college. ' Hold Mass Meetings Two mass meetings to acquaint the students of Puidue with this plan are to be held tomorrow aftci - noon at 4 p. m. for freshmen and sophomore men. Similar meetings for junior and senior men will be held next Monday. The meeting foi ficshmon will be held in loom 101 of Michael Golden Shops and lor sophomores in the mam floor lecture room of the Electiical Engineering Building. Explain New Plan At these meetines the complete Army Enlisted Re.serve Corps, Defeircd Service Plan, including the Air Coips Plan will be discussed by members of the Militaiy Dcpaitment staff and infoi mation as to how tb enlist undei this plan will be given. Selection of students for enlistment in the Enlisted Reserve Coips will bo governed by the following requirements; that they possess the necessaiy basic qualities for becoming commissioned officers, that they are citizens of the United States, that they arc physically fit to per(Scc RESERVES, page 2) Oweii Speaks At Final Session Of Federation Of Labor Conference Two hundred and fifty persons attending the final session of the foiiith annual educational institute of the Indiana Fedeiation of Labor last Sunday at the Universi’ty were told that during the past yeai approximately a billion and a half man-hours were wasted in the nation’s industiial plants on timeconsuming accidents. The statement was made by Prof. H. F. Owen of the University staff, who, speaking on the importance of safety in industry, added that “accidents just don’t happen but aie caused.’’ Piofessor Owen stated that about 90 per cent of all industiial accidents weie of the preventable type. Kessel Speaks Other speakois included Herbert Kessel, Indianapolis, WPB tfain-within-industry official, who discussed job instiuctoi training, and Controller R. B. Sewait of the Univeisity, who spoke of the necessity of group responsibility following gioup action in goveinment as well as in all other phases of society. Civilian Protection Schools Opens Here Col. W. A. Johnston, Chemical Warfare Service diiector, and Pi of. Frank C. Hockema, acting President of the University, opened the Civilian Protection School at the Univeisity on Monday. This ten day school, one of seven over the countiy. Is the first of a seiies to be continued indefinitely during^ the war emergency. The general scope of military and civilian piotection tactics of aerial bombing and civilian defense organization were all outlined before first instruction was given in the identification of war gases.
Stewart, controller; Dean A. A. Potter, dean of the schools of engineering; and H. J. Reed, dean of the school of agriculture. The committee is the same that was appointed in 1938 when Dr. Elliott be-
'Mat’ Elward Receives Commission In Navy Former Coach Reports At Annapolis To Serve As Lieutenant Commander A. H. “Mai” Elward, head Riveter football coach until his
resignation February 19, was sworn into the U. S. Navj)^ Monday at Indianapolis as a Lieutenant Commandel’. Elward left for Annapolis Monday evening and was ordei’fed to report
— for duty immediatbl;^.
Dr. E. C. Elliott
came advisoi to the regents of the Philippines in Manila, P. I. Seiving under Paul V. McNutt, chaiiman of the Federal Man Power Commission and Fedcial Securities Administration, Di. Elbott will act as dircctoi of the technical and mi’itaiy .services of the schools of higher education. Serves University Since 1922 Dr. ETiott came to the University m 1922 fiom the University of Montana wheic he vas chancellor. Befoio then he taught in a Colorado high school, was superintendent of schooL at Loadvillc, Colorado, and was an associate piofessor at the Univcisity ci Wiscon. in. Knight Speaks To Home Ec Delegates Vocational home economics teachei.s fioiii noithwestein Indiana arc holding a five day summer conference at the University this week. Dr. F. B. Knight, dircctoi of the Univeibity division of education and applied psychology, addressed 200 teachois fiom 23 counties at the opening meeting last Monday on “Teaching Does Count.” Miss Wave Bowes, of the University, district supeivisor of home economics education, piesided ovei the opening session, at which the group was official'y welcomed by Dean Mary L. Matthews of the School ot Home Economics. Dean Matthews called attention to the wai-time demands placed on home economics and the steps being taken at the University to meet the demand. Dean Matthews Presides Dean Matthews also presided at a panel discussion on “The Relation Between Community Agencies and the Honiemaking Teacheis” at the Monday session. Insurance Salesmen Attend Short Course In Life Underwriting Forty-four insurance salesmen from widely scattered parts of the United States weie in attendance as class woik in the advanced section of the University short couise in Life Underwriting was launched last Monday moining to continue until Saturday. Geoige Hough, educational dliector of the Faim Bureau Life Insurance Co., opened the school with a discussion of “How People Buy.” To close the morning period, David Miehei', manager of the Country Life Insurance Co. of Chicago, de.sciibed “'The Mind of the Salesman.” This week’.s advanced course will be followed next week by specialized work in business and tax insurance to bung the three week session to a close, ’riio opening fundamental couise last week drew an enrollment of 55.
Stratton Addresses Housemothers At Opening Session Organizat-ions Send 97 Delegates Ninety-seven fraternity and sorority housemothers from more than a dozen states gathered at the Univeisity Sunday and Monday to attend the third annual four weeks’ training school for housemothers. Dean Doiothy C. Stratton opened thq school Monday morning with an addiess on the necessity of tiainihg for the duties of a house director. Prof. Edith Gamble, of the School of Home Economics, spoke ’ on “Menu Planning” and the elimination of waste. Dean Stratton spoke again in the afternoon. Mrs. McDougle Speaks Mrs. Lena McDougle, housemother at the Knppa llappa Gammh Sorority, presided at the social hour held for the gioup in WRH, where the Women are living and the school is being held, A number of University faculty members Will be on the four WOcks’ piogiam to discuss fiatcrnity house management pioblems, budgeting of finances and food, food buyihg, 11 ycliology, health, gioup action, alumni iclationships, and a wide variety of the pioLlcms of college student life. Lloyd Rcp’aces Blancling ' Dean Alice Lloyd of the University of Michigan is taking the place of Dean Blanding of Noithwestein Univeisity, who has been called to Washington on wai-timc activities as one ol the tpeakcis. Halliwell To Speak At AIME Meeting G. T. Halliwell will speak on “Aluminum, Manganese and Bronzes” at a meeting of the AIME tomoirow at 8 p. m. in room 263 of the Union. Halliwell is affiliated with the H. Kramer Co. of Chicago, lefiners of scrap metal. Three members of the Chicago section of AIME will qccompany Halliwell on his tiip to the University. The party will arrive tomorlow morning.
The former Riveter coach enlisted in the same branch of the service in 1917 and served for more than four years during the first World War, > In 1922 he was honorably discharged as a lieutenant senior grade. Started Here Jn ’27 Lt. Commander Elward came to the University in 1927 as an assistant doaeh and haS been connected with the athletic department here constantly since that time until his resignation in February. Following the' death of Noble Kizer, he was made head coach and athletic director and served in that capacity prior to his lesignaticn. Officials Start Scrap RuHher Cattipaign; Oil trucks To Help All oil trucks which cover the country in the next two weeks will be equipped with scales and a barrel or other ebntainer to gather up rubber, it was announced by Beit Force, loCal manager for the Standard Oil Company of Indiana, who is diiecting the collection of scrap lubbetu here. CoKjimittee Members On the committee with him are Mayors A. R. Killian and Dwight S. Kcim, of Lafayette and West Lafayette; Paul F. Royster, Chairman of the Civi lan Defense Council; County Agent S. B. Pershing; E. A. RowIcyj Boy Scout executive; J. Henry Law, chairman of the general salvage committee; Louis J. Beeler, Chaiiman of the agricultiiial war board of county; Herman Schmitz, commander of the Lafayette Post of the Ameiican Legion; Rolicit Fifficr, of the Tippecanoe Co. Farm Buieau; .ludgc W. Lynn Parkinson, piecident of the Chamber of Commerce; Owen Crook, piesidcnt of the Junior Chamber of Commerce; William Stancil, secretary of the Chamber of Commerce; and T. R. Johnston of the University. Scouts To Help The Scout organization will be called upon to start an active collection campaign in both Lafayette and West Lafayette. All who can aie urged to deliver any scrap rubber to their local filling stations where it will be held until it is assembled at some center in each com-
munity.
President Elliott, Mayor Killian, Parks, Lt. Commander Hart Speak At Ceremonies U, S. Naval Training School was ofllcially commissioned yesterday afternoon when sailors, the University band and townspeople gathered in the Cary Hall quadrangle to witness the dedication of headquarters for the hew electrical training school. About two hundred white-uniformed sailors were drawn up ih front of the bunting draped platform on which rhembers of the faculty and high ranking Naval officers conducted the ceremony. Introduced by Prof, C. W. Beese, direetbr of civil defense training at the University, who acted as master of ceremonies, Dr. A. R. Killian, Mayor of Lafayette, and Morris R. Parks, L.— 1 — representing the official family
of West Lafayette, welcomed the new unit to the com-
munity.
Dr. E. C. Elliott, representing the University at the services, stated that the University has endeavored at all times, with all its skill and power, to use its facilities for the good of all men, and that it is now in the process of turning over its facilities as much as possible to winnin gthe war. School Is Brain Carrier He declared that with yesterday’s ceremony the S. S. Purdue is laiincliing its services not as a plane cerrier, but as a biain cairicr for the
aimed foices.
In announcing the official launch-
ing of the S. S. Purdue, Elliott
the platform over to Com-
Sailors Down Riveter All-Stars At Monticello
Movie Actresses Help Sell Bonds
By Ed Karpick Great Lakes extended their winning streak to 24 consecutive games at the expense of the Boilermaker All-Star nine by a 13-3 count in a game played at Monticello yesterday. A big seventh inning when seven unearned Great Lakes’ runs came in turned a good ball game into a runaway. The baseball game was just a part of the big day staged by the people of Monticello to promote the sale Of War Bonds and Stamps. Governor Henry Schricker threrV in the fil’st ball to start the game, and made the piinc.pal speeOh at the bond sale. Shirley Ross Sells Bonds Thise motion picture personalities were on hand to assist in the sale of bonds and stamps. Shiiley Ross, Mary Howard, and Mrs. Pat O’Biien sold thousands of dollars woith of bonds and stamps to the gathering. The University band, and various high school bands marched in a parade that continued the day-long celebration. As to the ball game, the Sailors just carried too many guns for the less experienced collegians. They scored thoii 13 runs on 16 hits and made one error. Frank Baumholtz showed no effects of his recent batting slump as he led the Tars with (See SAILORS WIN, page 3) . Radio Club To Shov/ 'Skyrider' Tonight “Skyridei,” a sound motion picture film, will be featuied at a meeting of the University Radio Club tonight at 7:30 p. m. in room 6 of the Electrical Engineering building. This film, which was produced by the Hallici afters, Inc., designers and manufacturers of radio communications equipment in Chicago, explains several of the technical problems invoBied in the designing and producing of radio ap-
paratus.
Intel national Morse code classes for both beginning and advanced operators will also be held in addition to the film. Students interested in either group may still enroll.
Christian
Convention Opens Today Mass Choir To Sing
In Music Hall
Included as one of the outstand ing features of the 78th annual con-
vention of the Indiana Council of turned
Chiistian Education, which will be held at the University today, tomciiow and Fiiday, will be the combined singing of over 703 voices in the Mu:ic Hall tonight at 8
o’clock.
The convention will open this morning in Fowler Hall with-an ad-
(See DEDICATION, page 2)
Indiana Farmers
dress by Dr. E. R. Bartlett of DePauw. Another of the headline speakers will be Di. Paul Calvin Payne, general seci-etary of the Presbyterian Board of ' Christian Education. Payne is responsible for the administration of a nation-wide work of Chiistian education among two million Presbyterians affiliated (See RELIGIOUS MEETING, p. 4)
Noted Scientists To Convene Friday
For Dedication Of New Physics Lab For $14,000 h juiy
County USO Will Conduct Drive
By Bill Hoskins Dedication ceremonies for the new Charles Benedict Stuait Lab’oiatoiy of Applied Physics, to be held Friday and Satin day of this week in the air-condi-tioned Physics building, will bring together into one piogram some of the most outstanding scientists in the world today. ^ Dr. E. U. ^Condon, associate director of the Westinghouse research laboratoiies, will give the first address of the program Fiiday evening at 8. His talk will deal with applications of physics in iiidustiy. Taught At Princeton He was populai with studcnt.s at Princeton Uiiiveisity, wheie he was professoi of theoretical physics, because he could make the most complicated problem appear simple. His books on Quantum Mechanics have made him well-known to graduate students in this country. ' Assistant Piofessor of Physics at the Univer.sity, Dr. J. Schwinger will give the second talk at 13 Saturday morning dealing with recent theoiies of nuclear foices. Well recognized in the field of theoretical physics, Schwingei graduated from Columbia Univeisity at the ago of eighteen, began publishing articles before he was twenty, and is still under thirty. His Mesotron theoiy, offeiing a fiuther clue to the structure of
matter, is still controversial and in the process of development, but it is recognized by many as theoletically sound. Dr. Pauli Will Speak Dr. Wolfgang Pauli, of the Institute of Advanced Study at Princeton, who will appear on Saturday morning’s program with Schwinger, has been acting as visiting lectuier at the University for neaily a month, and will speak heie for several more weeks. His so-called “exclusion principle” has given a key to the periodic system of elements and the theoiy of valence and thus to the foundation of chemistry. Another physicist yet undei thirty is Dr. D. W. Kei'st, assistant piofessor of physics n't the University of Illinois, who invented the Betati’on used to get veiy high energy electrons. Kerst will speak Saturday at 2 p. m. The fust Betatron, a little machine about the size of a dinner plate, could develop 2,500,000 volts, and the second, the size of a small tiie, could develop 20,000,000 volts. He is now working on a new machine at the University of Illinois which is designed to carry up to 100,000,000 volts. Dr. W. W. Hansen, of Stanford Univei'sity, and now connected with the Sperry Gyroscope Company, (See PHYSICS LAB, page 2)
During July a campaign will be conducted throughout Tippecanoe county to raise $14,000 for the USO. The recently organized county campaign is to be headed by Mrs. Walter M. English of West Lafayette. In line with this progi'am, a meeting has been called for tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in the City Court loom at City Hall. Clarence Goz-is, forniei local citizen who is now state chairman of the USO, will describe the aims and pin poses of the organiza-
tion.
The establishment of the naval electrician’s training umt of 800 sailois at the University, of' whom 240 aie already here, made it necessaiy for a, united organization to sponsor local activities. “Moie than Ihree-foiuths of the counties already have conducted their local USO campaigns,” said Mrs. English, “and we hope to get the local fund raising effort and an oxganized program of work under way as rapidly as possible.”
Inspediofi Friday Farmers fiom the noithwcstcrn and central sections of Indian:-, v/ill attend the annual spiing field 4ay inspection and piogiam at the Uriveisity Soils and Ciopc Faim, at the intersection of U. S. 52 bypa^j and Indiana 26, on FnJ-y. I,. E. Hoffman, associate director of agiicultuieal exten-ion, and ,J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department, will be the principal speakers. Univeisify tigronomy staff numbers will conduct small gimp., of visiting farmers over the test plots and explain results at 9 in. th-e morning and also after the altirnoon program. Diiector Hoffm-n ii to discuss “Land Use in War Ture” at 1 p m. in the f-iim’s gioce, and Davis will explain methods if reducing Hessian fly dr mage to next year’s wheat crop. “Meeting Pi eduction Goals” will provide the theme of the progiam. One of the features of the day will be the inspection of such new ciops as castor beans and hemp, which are being grown expeiimentally to determine adapted vaiieties and best cultural practices for these planto. School Custodians Will Start Two-Day Conference Today School custodians and caretakers meet here today for an annual conference on school building and ground management on the theme of “Better Custodianship in War* Time.” The engineering extension department and the division of education and applied psychology of the University are in charge of the two-day conference in coopeiation with the division of vocational education of the Indiana State Department of Education. Discuss Sforage Of Coal Prof. W. T. Miller of the Mechanical Engineeiing School and Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering, will discuss the storage of coal and the care and maintenance of fire extinguishers this
morning.
This afternoon’s program will take up summer work school lighting piactices, and the control of termites, pests, and rodents. Prof. P. E. Soneson, of the School of Fivil Engineering, will give an illustiated lecture on bombs this evening. Tomorrow morning’s progtatu will include a discussion of air raid precaution planning and a demonstration of window glass protection. Water supply precautions, floor maintenance, and the care of lawns amt shrubs will also be discussod tomorrow afternoon.
mmlit
it. S' t
V ¥■-
Wit-' 'iu.-: "I ‘
Purdue Exponent
Offices; Ediforial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
EHi\rrm-Cliicf — News Editor Mnnncinir, Editor ......... imports Editor ■. llosiiir.ss MnooKcr Cin iil.ition M.mosrcr ... Coed Editor
John F. Amn« Don T. Brophr John H. ' Armstrong Robert L. Hadlej .. William n. Millard Ken K. Gjemre Alice Chat&eld
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editorial PtnfT: R. W. Boswinklc, D. E. Buts, W. G. Hosklni, A. T. Hunter, II. W. Ochiltree, W. E. Ratcrt. Sports Stoff; D. E. Brewer, .1, S. Dawson, E. L. Karpick. Coed Staff: Sailv Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer.
Business Staff
Coed Business Manager: Julia Martin, _ ' Advcriisinc Managers: J. M. Wright, D. la Jonnsoil, Circtilntion Manager: G. H. Klouman, Accounts Manager: Trena Torrenga. .luninr Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane KClM,
Staff For This Issue Wight Editor: Rafert Sports Editor: Dawson Day Editor: Lauer Issue Editor: Fawcett Reporters; Marion, Shipnoski, Miller, Abbett, Sutton, Vegh.
Entrired os second class matter ai the post office In ^fayellc. Indians, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917. authorized January 20, 1922. Published ah Wednesdav. Friday and Sunday mornings during the snmIiier si'incster and daily ezeept Monday during the fall ani| winter semrsiers. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.25 for summer .semc.ster; mailed subscriptions $1.50,^ , , - Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service. Inc,. Collego Publishers Representatives, 420 M.adisoii Avc., New York, N. Y. -
War Council Notes
University Galendar / Wednesday, June 17
m-
(Editor’s Note: The following are minutes of the Studint Wir Council for the first two meetings of the present semester.)
8:00 A.M.' 9:00 A.M.-
Dr. Elliott
^Yesterday in Washington, D. C., a memorable event for the University took place. Our President, and we proudly call him ours, was fonnrdly appointed to act as co-ordinator of civilian war training in the colleges of the nation. Dec tor Edward C. Elliott deserves to be lauded for his decision. He is an able and capable man with a vast reservoir of knowledge which •will lend much to the purpose of preparing technical and military programs in lire, colleges of our country. ' .Logically enough Doctor Elliott was the
man lor
the ,iob; for during the first world war
he wa.s a member of the council of defense of the slate of Montana, he served as SATG director in five Northwestern states and acted a.s adviser to the committee on education and .‘-jiccial training of the general staff of the \7ar Department. ■ d'he University does not need to feel howcvc'r, that it has lost a vital link because Doctor Elliott was quoted as remarking that he would be coming back to Lafayette every week or so to peruse through pUr problems and to lend a helping hand wherever needed. It is without the slightest hesitation that we all come to attention in unison and say, ‘ liat.s off to our President!” j.u.t. Y '
The Summer Ratio
8.44
• • #
to 1
It seems that tKe students of this olde university are entitled to onjy the best in campus coverage of social or “name” /hews, and from now on let’s see if the old column can do that thing. ,Po lel’.s get our nozes into something that is good and in which has plenty of dirt. If wc doo’d it we gets a whippen, so here goes—■ Philosophy for the day. Ithkabihble says, “Smile and the world smiles with you, snoi e and you sleep alone.” Evidently Ishkabibble hu;- rrsver .slept in the Beta dorm. .{’.i.st plain iiooz. A word of warning to prospective Pi Phi daters. Be'cai ef ul! Those girls are out for blood. Sig ,.Ep Bill Siinp.son ran up to Chicago last week to see Pi. Phi Jean Frankenbcrry. He returned a little pale, having lo.st a pint of blood to the Red Cross. Here i:: line sexy stoi-y. Marcia Keene said she would take a dale with liim for a pint of blood, while Frankie hcl'.i hi.s liand during the operation. liti'c is tlie best from the Sig house. Kenney Gerard hung’’ his cioss on Marilyn Demarree, KKG. Someone’;; upiietling .someonelse’s dreamboat, cause Theta Gerry O’Neil evas mighty distressed when she heard the nooz. vvlio wantrs a beautiful date in a beautiful cay with fbui' wlice];; with tires on ? Call WRH and ask to s’Kak to Mary Frances Robinson. Tl'uL old gang of sweetshop joes, the Troobed Troiiblcdours, are on the loose every so often, so if you Vi Rli’cr.s hear any songs like “May Gal Sal,” lin.riiig forih into the night, you will know it’s the old “Hchic,” “Hall,” “Hossy,” Shead, and their Cijlioj'l;;. Have .\'ou heard of the frog which had a tail almost hardly. AVell, it reminds us of that summer-term-pin gal v.idoivs who infest the (censored) every night uj- week-end. These pin gals that somebody ain’t got almost hardly—now laff! U\’LJ heard down in front of the sweetshop when loria k’ox walked by, pointing, little boy asked mama, “Buy me one, Mamma, buy me one.” . Pome for the day. ( Six week.s tests ai'e here, ye gawds.) 'I’estw every where With Lots and Lots of ink ,•?’ Professor never leaves the room To let a feller think. Sailor Song Alack Alas. J lack a lass. e take untrue news and clean it up! We’re censored. If anyone to come doesn’t like the things said in the C'liurnn, write to the Exponent, sign your name, aiid we’ll print the letter!
May 13, 1942 The Student War Council met in the Union office on Wednesday, May 13, 1941, at 7:30 p. m. Ralph Deuster, Joe Neff, Chuck Kiiote, Bill Rider, Florence Croll, Dick Sleeper, and Joe Mogavero were present. Council members John Amos and Larry Myers, absent. Jane Ballard, excused. The Council elected Plofehce Croll secretary. Ralph Deuster reported that up to date only five organizations have requested dates for the summer social calendar. Approve Council’s Expansion The Executive Committee of the Faculty approved the recommendation of the former Student War Council that the council be enlarged to include one junior representative from each of the following organizations: Activities Bureau, Associated Women Students, Fraternity Affairs, and Union. Three students representing no particular groi/p or class are to be voted into the group by the Council. These seven additional students are non-voting members of the Student War Council staff. Ralph Deuster introduced Marion Siegler, representative from Union. The Council elected Harry Hudson as a staff member. The junior members are to attend the next meeting and also at that time two new members will be considered by the members. Chuck Knbte reported that he had investigated the possibility of students working on nearby farms during peak seasons. Chuck felt that the War Council should not serve as an employment service but encourage students to register at Lafayette employment agencies and farmers will call for worker^ there. The Council asked that Chuck contact the Physical Education department to learn if regular credit for PEM 12 could be given students for farm labor and also make further inquiries in regard to wages. The Council will discuss the proposed plan at the next meeting. ' No Standard PEM 12 Clothes The Council voted that a letter be sent to the Executive Committee recommending that the dress requirements for PEM 12 be changed so that students may use trunks and shirts that they now own rather than be required to purchase new blue trunks. The purchase of neW blue trunks would result in uniformity but the council feels that this expenditure is wasteful at a time when economy of material and funds is of vital importance. Ralph Deuster made the following appointments: Publicity, John Amos, Larry Myers; War Stamp Sales, Joe Neff, Florence Croll; Physical Fitness, Dick sleeper, Jane Ballard; Student Participation in War Effort, Bill Rider, Chuck Knote; and Accounts Manager, Joe Mogavero. This division will help to pigeonhole future War Council activities. Joseph Mogavero was asked to contact the local clothing stores and learn when shipments of senior cords will be in. At the recent class registration, senior men voted on an outfit and cords received the highest number of votes. Ralph Deuster read a letter from F. A. Burtsfield, Superintendent of Public Schools, West Lafayette. He extended thanks to the Council for help in issuing the rationing cards. Replace Defense Lectures Dick Sleeper made the suggestion that, to replace the defense lectures sponsored by the former Council, we encourage groups to have faculty guests at their, places of residence for after dinner discussion groups. Dick feels that with this plan more people will be reached. This will be considered at the next meeting. The meeting was adjourned at 9:20 p. m. Ralph Deuster, Chairman ‘ Florence Croll, Secretary
10:00 A.M.2:30P.M.-
-Canners’ Technician School. -House Directors’ Training School -State Sunday School Cohven
tion ■ ..
-State Sunday School Conven tion—-Young People
..Hort. Building ..WRH
Eliza Fowler Hall
2:30 P.M.-
-State Sunday School Convention—Children’s Workers ..
■East Faculty Lounge, Union
2:30 P.M.7:80 P.M.7:30 P.M.7:30 P.M.7:30 P.M.-
-County Officers MeetiUg -Purdue Forestry Club. -Christian Fellowship. -Marriage Course -University Club Bridge Group
.West Faculty Lounge, Union •Room 363, Uilion .Room 265, Hort. Bldg. .Room 307, Union .Rooms 302-304, Union .East Faculty Lounge, Union
8:00 P.M.'
-Summer Session Musical— Clarence Dickinson ...........
Hall of Music
Editorial i
Enlisted Reserve . • • , Tomorrow afternoon the ROTC staff here will explain to # freshmen and sophomore details of the new Army Enliste^ Reserve Plan. It will be discussed with upperclassmen on Mph-.. .
day.
This program which is being offered for *the first time is similar to the Navy “V” program and offers deferments so that undergraduates of all classes have an opportunity to ,
finish four years of college. '
Four separajie discussions are being held according to the. Military Department so that the groups will be small enough that questions can be answered. By separating the classes they hope to make the discussion pertinent to the individual;
group attending.
We cannot urge every undergraduate who is registered
for Selective Service or who expects to register this month, too strongly to -attend. As we see it, this plan offers college' students a chance to complete their education without being
drafted as privates immediately after graduation.
Thursday, June
8:00 A. M).—Canners’ Technician School.... 9:00 A.M.—^House Directors’ Training School 9:30 A.M.—State Sunday School Convention—Young People
18 ...Hort. Building ...WRH
Dedication
East Faculty Lounge, Union
9:30 A.M.—State Sunday School Convention—Children’s Workers ..
9:30 A.M.—County Officers .I:...... 10:00 A.M.—State Sunday School Convention 3;00 P.M.—Screen Review 8:00 P.M.—AIME Lecture
.West P’aculty Lounge, Union / .Room 363, Union
..Eliza Fowler Hall ..Hall of Music ..Room 263, Union
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichiy
■ ,, ■ U/.I ■' 1 J T
(Continued from page 1) mander 0. F. Heslar, director of the Naval Reserve in the Ninth Naval District, to conduct the dedication ceremony. ■ Commander Heslar pointed out that 19 universities in the Ninth Naval District already have navy men enrolled for training and five ’or six more will provide similar training in the near future. Lt. Commander Hart, USNR, in charge of the school here, gave orders for hoisting the colors, and an American flag went up the mast as the University band played the national anthem. Hart spoke for the sailors to say that they were grateful for the way in wl)jch" people of the community had opened their homes and hearts to the Nai/y hoys and stated that he would endeavor to make sure that sailors leaving the school would not be found wanting when it. came to actual fighting duty.
Seed Analysts Meet Here For Annual Testing Conferente
Reserves
■ Seed analysts from,.seven states convened at the fe<lej.’a.f. state seed laboratory here yesterday for the second annual seed testing conference which will continue through Friday. This is one of five regional seed testing conferences called by the U. S, Dept, of 4)f:i'i<tulture to promote uniformity-irt testing agricultural and vegetable seeds for labeling in conformity with the federal seed act. ' ’ . The conference is led'by E. R. Clark, associate seed technologist; Regina B. Schulte, chief analyst; and Pauline Balbach, assistant analyst of the University staff; and Harriet Cull, chief analyst of ths' federal seed laboratory, Beltsville, Maryland. Cutler Directs Lab Work
“Somehow, I had the idea that here in Australia they carried the young in a pouch 1”
May 27, 1942 The Purdue Student War Council approved the minutes of the meeting held May 13 which were distributed previous tp the meeting. Ralph Deuster read a letter from Bob Seeburger, Activities Chairman of the Student Union, recommending that the Union take over the sale of War Stamps which has previously been conducted by two members of the War Council. A motion was made, seconded and carried, that the plan presented be accepted for the current semester ending August 23. Choose Fitness Committee Dick Sleeper and Jane Ballard reported that a Physical Fitness Committee has been chosen consisting of the following students and faculty: Evelyn Shuber, Barbara Ford, Jane Blank, Sally. Beall, Roberta Buechele, Doris Bower, Jim Stiggleman, Bruce Warren, Jim Frasier, Dave Lodge, Professor Eastwood, Miss Amy Bloye, and Miss Helen Hazelton. The committee will meet Thursday, May 28, and consider (l) an athletic program and (2) nutrition. Bill Rider, Chairman of Student Participation in War Effort, is investigating possibilities of a Blood Donor Drive at Purdue. Chuck Knote said he had contacted Mr. Little of the Employment Service in Lafayette with reference to student labor for farms discussed at the last meeting. The wage scale this season will probably be about 40 cents an hour. At present, the Council is dropping the project but Chuck Knote is promoting it as a Cary Club function. Whether or not the Council backk the idea as an all-student project will depend on the response in Cary Club. After Dinner Discussions Dick Sleeper contacted Dr. Estey, who is assisting him with the plan, to provide housing units with after dinner discussion leaders who are members of the Department of History, Economics and Government. Chick Razek is taking charge of the work. He is sending a letter to the various places of residence inquiring if students would be interested. Joe Neff reviewed the plans for Senior Day, June 6. At 1:15 p. m. a parade will form in front of University Hall. It will be led by the Mascot and Gold Peppers. The baseball game at 2:00 p. m. will be
Physics Lab (Continued from page 1)
is.one of the rare individuals who can talk advanced mathematics and radio ham language with equal facility. He will join Kerst in the afternoon program. Hansen has been working in the field of X-rays, high frequency radio technique, and nuclear physics. His recent work with the Varian brothers, called the Klysti'on boys by the Saturday Evening Po.st, has fos-
tered many development in modern radio. Dr. J. A. Becker, of the Bell Telephone Laboratories, will demonstrate and tell of practical applications of an electron microscope in the final address Sasurday evening at 8.
(Continued from page 1) form the duties required of an officer and that they will be lietween the ages of 18'and 45 at the timeof their graduation. Students who are enlisted in the Enlisted Reserve Coi'ps will not be subject tp induction for active military service prior to graduation except a.s follows: students who are separated from the Univoi'sity for any rca.son prior to graduation, except by transfer to another school operating under the Enlisted Reserve Plan; students not taking advanced ROTC who fail to graduate with the class with which they would normally graduate, excepted as recommended hy the Univer.sity and approved liy the Wai' Deiiartment; students who fail in the qualifying educational examination to be given after the.student’s enlistment. Upon gi'aduation or leaving school meinhers of the Enlisted Reserve Corps, other than ROTC graduates, will be ordered to active duty and sent to the nearest Replacement Center of the Arm or .Service for which they ai'e believed to be best qualified. Upon successful eomjdelinn of the course of training there, and if pthei wise qualified and selected, they will be ordered to the pro|)er Officer Candidate .Schools.
Laboratoi y work in identification of oats varieties and types will be conducted by Di'. G. H. Cutler, associate chief, and work with soybean varieties by R. R. Mulvcy, associate agronomist of the University experiment station; An inspection of the grass nursery at the Crops and Soil:; Farm will be led liy Dr. G. 0. Mott, of the soil con.scrvation service.
Harriet E, O'Shea
. . . of the division of education a.nd applied psychology, has been elected president of the Mid-West group of college psychiatrists and clinical psychologists.
MARS
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
iversity Book Store
Arroit From Uninn Sammoni *29 **Doc** Eppla *40
• Southworlh" J
between the faculty and students.
i How the beauty parlor goes to war: The iron that q; cd ..to go into, a single hair dryer is enough for .six liand grenades.
New Council Members The Council decided that the picking of new students for the Council will be based on intei'views and letters. Senior who wish to serve on the Council are to submit letters before Wednesday, June 3, telling ideas and reasons for wanting to be on the Council. They will be intci viewed. The meeting was adjourned at 8:35 p. m. Ralph Deuster, Chairman P’lorence Croll, Secretary
: \ ill ■' io' ^ \ vo?' j-i;
FATHER’S DAY —JUNE 2l8t
RIRDIE BCCK&SIJPPIY STORE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE IND
Soulhworth’s
LUNA
LAST DAY~2 FEATURES
• GENE TIERNEY VICTOR MATURE — IN — 'THE SHANGHAI GESTURE" — plus —
—LAST TIMES TODAYIPINCIR Tlli^CY HIDY JOHN GARFIELDJ whh FRANK MORGAN!
TOMORROW - FRIDAY They Blast the Fifth Column into the open!
A WAMM MOS. HIT OiToetod trr ftOBEHT flORCV » LfC PATRICK • MOROMI OLSCN • ESTHCe WU
LAFHVieiU
-LAST TIMES TOdAY
Olivia 6*0. DeHavillaod • Bient • Morgan
TOMORROW -FRI. - SAT. irfftMUMANO FUN SPRI«
-
JUDY CANOVA BILLY GILBERT Skinnoy Ennis & Orchestra
-todaydouble FEATURE
ONE FOOT IN HEAVEN — with — FREDRIC MARCH MARTHA SCOTT
PLUS
INTERNATIONAL SQUADRON — WITH — RONALD REAGAN
STARTS THURSDAY -DOUBLE FEATURE-
GOLDEN GLOVES — WITH — RICHARD DENNING |EAN CAGNEY
PLUS
PANTHER'S CLAW — WITH — SIDNEY BLACKMERThree Cary Hall Teams DIredor
Tie For Rrst In Softball With Unit 5’s victory over Unit 2, by the score of 6 to 5 Monday evening, the Cary Hall softball standings were thrown into confusioh as three teams are now tied for first place. Previous to Monday night's engagement, Unit 2 was in first place followed by Units 1 and 5 who were in second. if Unit 3, of which Carl Wil- —-——.' -'' ' •——-—— liains 13 manager, would play, After that imiag Jim Stig-
Oil their two, games which they gleman was able to hold them to a - \ar^ behind, and if they would few scattered hits, which did not
Win them, then that unit would be amount to anything, tied ioiv first also, making a four Boot Carow pitched his Cary Hall way tie. Units 4, 6 and 7 look defi- One to a victory over Unit 4. Chuck nitely out of the race. Howell scored two of Unit One’s The first round of a two round runs to lead the victors. Mavlin series has been played off. The new hurled for the losers, round started last Monday. In all In the third* game that was there will be twelve games making played Monday, Three took a narup the schedule. Other Cary Hall row victory over Unit Six. Again sports which are now being played Friday evening there will be gam€s. besides softball Are horseshoes and The standings at the present are golf, iV ; ■ as follows: ' In last Monday’s games Unit Five ’ W bAat Two 6-5, One defeated Four Cary Hall 1., 5 6-2, and Three won over Six. In the Cary Hall 2 6 first gamie Ed Cooper pitched and Cary Hall 5 5 practically won his game single Cary Hall 3... 3 handedl :Uhii h|Wb;\vas handicapped Cary Hall 4... 3 by five errors in the first inning Cary Hail 6..... 1 which enabled Five to get all their Cary Hall 7........ 0
New Obstacles Planned For PE 12 Gripe Course
L.
2 2 2 2 4 5 5
Pet. .714 .714 .714 .600 .428 .167 .000
Following an extended trip in the east with Elmer Burnham, head football coach, Guy Mackey, athletic director, returned to the campus yesterday. Both of the men were in the east making a series! of appearances before alumni groups. Special ulumni meetings which turned out large crowds were held in Cleveland, Pittsburgh, Buffalo, New York, and New Haven. At all of the meetings, discussions, by Mackey and Burnham were supplemented by showings of special colored motion pictures depicting the campus and the football squad. Sigma Delta Psi There will be a meeting of Sigma Delta Psi, 8:15 Thursday night in room 107 of the Fieldhouse. Those wishing to pass tests can do so by coming to the above room anytime between 7 p. m. and
meeting time. —ARNOLD ’
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sitting Photographers from Dexheimer-Carlon Studios, Indianapolis, yrill be taking Debris pictures in Room 60 in the sub-basement of the Union Building, starting at 8 :30 A. M., Monday, June 8. Every senior who has signed up with the Debris has a definite time and will be expected to appear at that time. Each senior will receive a card through the mail telling the exact time of the sitting. > A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular Debris pictures and is payable at the time the picture is taken.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17
THURSDAY, JUKE 18
8:30 8:40 8:45 8:50 8:55 9:00 9:00 9:0$ 9:10 9:15 9:20 9:25 9:30 9;35 9':40 9:45 9:50 '9:55 ' 10:00 10:05 10:10 10:15 10:20 10:25 10:30 10:35 10:40 IQBf? 10:55 1 1 :00 1 1 :05 1 1:10 1 1 :1 5 1 1 :20 1 1:25 1 1 :30 1 1 :35 1 1 :40 I 1 :45 II :50 11 :55 1 :00 1 :05 1:10 1 :15 1 :20 1 :25 1 :30 1 :35 1 :40 1,:45 i:50 'r-5Sf ■ 2:00’ V, Zi09i ‘ 2::10» '2:15 ■2.:20 2:25 2:30 2:35 2:40 2:45 2:50 , 2:55 f 3 :00 : 3:05 3:10 3:15 3:20 3:25 3:30 3:35 3:40 3:45 3:50 3:55 4:00 4:05 4:10 4:15 4:20 4:25 4:30
Wasson, D. L. Stewart, G. R. Fisher, T. R. Worsley, Anita Ullom, W. L. Neubauer, W. Saxton, R. E. Diitz, R. Hawkins, J. W. Jackson, A, L. Sautter, R. Amos, j. Hadley, D. R. McKay,].R. Bussing, P. R. Carrara, E. j. Dannemiller, R. ]. Smith, R. E: Ragsdale, Dorothy Hyde, Mary Lee Yahres, jean Wiske, j. P. Mers, Con Arnold, A. M. Moffett, D. V. Mahan, W. T. Parsons, J. R. Myers, j. Kilgore^. L. Grave, P. j. H. Gilley, j. M. Witte, N. Wiley, W. M. Parsons, j. F. Guirl, Eloise Coughlin, W. N: Spake, R. W. Duechele, Roberta J. Sexson, j. C. Silva, A. D. Stephan, W. V. Peterson, H. L. Aker, F. Wulf, C. A. Wiley, E. X. Thompson, Lois Grand, G. S. Simon, T. B. Petlinicchi, R. Rennak, R. M. Neese, A. A. Nemeth, j. L. Hineline, B. C. Bopick, j. F. Verba, M. jtjieger, N. ■' Turner, C. L. ,,Vy:einfurtner, R. K. Thompson, Marion Sqcocer, M. R. Sedggan, j. -Pfenninger, j. Nqrdlinger, E. W. Shepardson, D. W. Schowe, L. F. Neff> j. F. Turner, R. hi. Schaevitz, Y. P. Thelen, Mary Lou Cripe, j. H. Weist, Joan Soughors, B. N. Woehlke, L. j. Williams, S. Whippo, H. Rosenbury, j. B. Shaffer, W. HSamuelson, A. j. Paine, G. E. Kerr, j. A. Hopley, R. Simons, Harriette Olson, R. H. Thelen, R. K. Baker, K. L. Zywiec, A. C. Stover, W. A. Neal, W.
8:30 8:35 8:40 8:45 8:50 8:55 9:00 9:059:10 9:15 9:20 9:25 9:30 9:35 9:40 9:45 9:50 9:55 10:00^ 10:05 10:10 10:15 10:20 10:25 10:30 10:35 10:40 10-45 10:50 10:55 ■1 1 :00
1 1 :05 11:10 1 1:15 I 1 :20 1 I :25 1 1 :30 1 1 :35 1 1 :40 1 1 :45 1 1 :50
1 :l(
:55 :00 :05
0
1:15 1 :20 1 ;25 1 :30 1 :35 1 :40 1 :45 1 :50 1 :55 2:00 2:05 2:10 2:15 2:20 2:25 2:30 2:35 2:40 2:45 2:50 2:55 3:00 3:05 3:10 3:15 3:20 3:25 3:30 3:35 3:40 3:45 3:50 3:55 4:00
4:05 4:10 4:15 4:20 4:25 4:30 4:35 4:40
Petersen, j. Badger, J. W. Theodose, T. Chaminade, Lucy Doup, C. N. Milder, L. D. Jones, V. E. Reynolds, W. Lee F. M. ' Griffith, R. M. Mangum, R. E. Madory, C. Stockinger, E. F.
Watson, C. R. Showalter,.C. Minton, C. Johnson, E. W. Bertsch, Katy Hilt, Mary Ann Kinsey, G. O. Koch, H. U. Leifheit, W. L. Neyhart, F. B. Love, J. Stouroff, M. Marks, M. Stiggleman, J. H. Townsend, H. W. Leist, Kathryn Lichtenbarger, J. N. Bramley, H. F. Tonkel, M. J. Watts, S. W. Tanigawa, N. F. Walker, W. C. Turco, J. Utley, D. A. Wilhoyte, H. J. Zeigler, Ellen Owens, P. R. Reed, H. Thompson, J. U. Watt, A. D. Velkoff, H. Rice, W. G. Walker, Ruth Gobi lie, H. A. Studebacker, Roberta Spanich, E. Snider, L. A. Porter, H. F. Monical, W.' Citcheon, J. N. Watson, J. O. McLaughlin, R. Newhouse, P. Macklin, G. Millard, W.D. Martin, Julia Turner, F. J. Weathers, C. L. Nordeen, Jean David, Mary Ellen Burkholder, J. Lawhene, V. D. McCrary, Carolyn Zimmerman, W. P. Arvidson, Dorothy Harris, W. T. Schaaf, R. Corpening, C. D. O'Bryan, E. Bell, W. T. Burnside, W. K. Hodges, Jane M. Ostrpff, N. I. Trager, M. L. Hetms, H. H. Kessler, Roberta Dimmett, J. E. Singer, G, H. Blazer, B. M. Bohike, E. A. Scott, R. W. Powell, 0. S. Sprague, R. E. Schett, R. Wesson, 0. Schacel, Karl Krueck, J.W. Stamm, Jane
FRIDAY, JUNE 19 Monteith, Shirley Ruggles, William
Courtney, A. L.
-Leonard, B. R. ,
Moffett, C. R. Peppier, T. F.
Katz, S.
Buchreus, A. J. Stettner, R. Pasko, J. S. Steck, Dorothy
:30 :35 :40 :45 :50 :55 :00 :05 :10 :I5 :20 :25 :30 :35 :40 :45 ;50 :55 :00 :G5 :10 :15 :20 :25 :30 :35 :40 :45 :50 :55 :00 :05 :10 :15 :20 :25 :30 :35 :40' :45 :50 :55 :00 :05 :10 :15 :20 :25 :30 :35 :40 :45 :50 :55 :oo; :05
TO 15
:20 :25 :30 ;35 :40 :45 :50 :55 ;00 :05
0
:10
5
:15 :20 :20 :25 :30 :35 :40 :45 :40 :50 50 :55 :00
Owens, P. R.
King,, F. Steinmetz, H. F.' Van Andel, J. Wayne, Faith Goll, J. N.
Paine, H.
Yoder, W.iG.
Santos, J. K. Heckard, D.
Th*!. %
4:05
0 :15 :20 :25 :30 :30
Blank, Jane Dunn, J. «• Sleeper, R. Warzynski, E. A. Madden, J. A. Ford, B. A. Plummer, M. C. Overpeck, R. L. Youngblood, J. T. Timmons, C. E. Weber, Dorothy Striby, H: H. Trotter, J. B. Kitley, M. Visin, R.J. McNabb, R. W. Esden, R. Iddings, H. G. Grkbfelder, Suzanne Day, M. R. Osborne, J. A. Harpsfer, Marguerite Hubert, A. W. Siff, R. Britt, R. L. Gregg, F. B. Weber, H. A. Hipp, C. J. Lindsey, J. W. Eddy, W. M. Gustafson, J. K. Bottomley, H. W. Todd, R. S, Hayes, Marvel Hayes, J. E. Shafer, W. P. Martin, Julia Croll, P. D. Allen, J. W. Fadale, L. V. Liang, T. L. Galloway, J. R. Vollmer, F. J. Orr, R. W: Bramley, H. F. Marozick, N. E. Bennett, G. H. Arkin, A. E. Taylor, R. W. Friedman, C. Hendrickson, Dorothy Williamson, Eva
(Continued from pngc! 1) T three hits, one of which was a long doubje to left. All of the Sailors except firstbaseman Chet Hajduk made at least one hit. Johnny Lucadello, Ernie Ahdres, Don Padgett, Joe Grace, and Sam Harshany all banged out a pair of base knocks. Don Padgett, the National league fence buster, lived up to his reputation as a hard hitter, with two doubles in four trips to the plate. He injured his ankle in the seventh and was forced to leave the ball game. „ Dick Klein started on the mound ■for the Sailors, and Paul Petrich took the rubbS’ for the Boilermaker All-Stars. Klein went the route, gave up five hits, and struck out ten men. Paul Petrich worked three innings and gave up two runs to the hard-hitting Tar nine during .his time on the mound. Misselhorn Pitches Ed Misselhorn took over the, pitching job in the first of the fourtlf and blanked tlie h/avy tyam for two innings, but was reached for two runs in the first half of the sixth. He struck out Don Padgett in the fifth inning, and impressed the big southern fence buster with his work oh the mound. In the last half of the sixth the Riveters started a rally of their own, but were able to produce only one run. With one out Walt Leifheit, who was the only All-Star to make two hits, started things off with his second consecutive hit, a single through the box. Don Blanken kept the fire going by banging but another single. Ed Ehlers, was hit by the pitcher to . load the sacks. Leifheit Scores Guy Wellman, the captain-elect of the Indiana team, hit a long line drive to center which Frank Baumholtz gathered in, but Leifheit scored after the catch. Dick Myers lifted to short to end the uprising. Don Padgett opened the wild and woolly seventh when :h.is line drive to left went past Walt Leifheit for two bases. Joe Millef’,'; the Wabash fireballer who was on the mound to start the seventh, then waited Ernie Andres. Joe Grace then bieat^out a roller down the third 'base lino -.to load the sacks. On this play Padgett hurt his ankle and went out of the
ball game.
Chet Hajduk grounded to short, but Dick Myers was charged with an error when he threw high to the plate. Sam Harshany fanned for the first out. Dick Klein grounded to Bei’to who threw, to the plate forcing Andres for what should have been the third out. Joe Miller lost control at this point and walked the next two men to force in a pair of runs. Johnny Lucadello singled to bring two more runs across. Bolyard, who replaced Padgett, singled for another, and Ernie Andres drove in the seventh run with a single before Joe Grace died to center to end the.:|^Wg-;i Jack Kennedy, of last spring’s freshman team, finished the game
Starts Tests for Pledges After several Weeks of inactivity due to the summer term, members of Sigma Delta Psi, national athletic fraternity, will start holding tests for prospective pledges beginning at 7:00 tonight before the meeting starting at 8:15 in Room 107 of the Fieldhouse. All those desiring to try out should report tonight at the above mentioned room where they will be informed as, to where to take the tests. After tonight tests will be held twice a week, the times to be posted on the bulletin board in front of the check-
out window.
Must Pass Seven Tests . To become a member of the local chapter, a man must pass seven of a possible 14 tests. The different events are: Indoor: 100 yard swim, front hand spring, hand stand, fence vault, 20 foot rope climb, good posture, scholarship. Outdoor: 100 yard dash, 120 yard, low hurdles, running high jump, running broad jump, 16 pound shot put, baseball or javelin throw, football punt, one mile run.
May Get Keys
In the past members have not received keys, but there is a strong possibility that some form of emblem distinguishing the local chapter can be purchased in the future. The present members are trying to get a key with an emblem of the comical Boilermaker which is seen on so many “T” shirts around the campus. ’’ The Sigma Delta Psi men hope to sponsor a form of Decathlon meet with the requirements of the Sigma Delta Psi membership as the events. This *meet will be open to the entire campus and the winner Will be awarded a trophy. If any ’ person that enters the meet passes the requirements while taking part in the meet, he will automatically become a member of the honorary.
^ By Ad Scheid
Although it is .still not cohipleted, Chief Clevett'a obstacle course for PEM 12 clas.ses is now in regular u.se. Several obstacles besides those already on the course are planned and will be added within the next few weeks. , Among the new hindrances to be added at various points along the course are the rope .swing and the chute and wire 1 — obstacle. The rope swing will
be nothing more than a piece of rope hung over a ravine for
— the class to swing themselves The following Gold & Black across. (Leopard skins in place
games will bc played Wednesday
evening, June 17, at 6:30: - " , ^ . Field 1—Theta Tau vs. Phi Delta ^orms are m order.) The chute
Theta. Referee: Mordoh
IM Schedules
and wipe obstacle when finished will
Field 2—Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kap- consist of a box runway To crawl
and wire obstacle when finished will through with wire entanglements
pa Tau. Referee: Bussing
Field 3—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Sig-
ma Phi Epsilon. Referee; Coheh. *0 ""^ke it interesting, Field 4—Triangle vs. Phi Kappa. More Obstacles
Referee: Vegh.
7:00
Field 1—Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Refeiee: Mordoh. Field 2—Theta Chi vs. Lambda Chi
Alpha. Referee: Bussing.
Chief Clevett has also promised that there will be plenty of sand bags and wire entanglements to crawl over and under along with a fence and timber vault for 3om4 added enjoyment. When all the
Field 3—Beta Theta Pi vs. Theta
XL Referee: Cohen. place, it will take the average
Field 4—-Acacia vs. Phi Gamma
PE 12’er about 25 minutes to com-
Delta. Referee; Vegh.
The following Wards will play baseball Wednesday evening at 6:45: Diamond 1—Ward 1 vs. Ward 4. Diamond 2—Ward 2 vs. Ward 5. Diamond 3—^Ward 21 vs. Ward 25. Diamond 4—Ward 22 vs. Ward 27. Diamond 5—-Ward 26 vs. Ward 29.
The following fraternities will play softball Thursday evening,
June 18 at 6:30:
Diamond 1 Phi Kappa. Tau vs. Phi gaged in learning the manly art of Kappa. , ^ badminton and paddle tennis on the Diainond 2: Alpha Chi Rhb vs. Sig- Fieldhouse floor, while others are
plete the course—running at a fair-
ly fast pace.
Some of the seven obstacles al-
ready on the course include the eight foot wall, the pipe .crossing (hand over hand across a ditch), a log bridge, a rope entaglement, hurdles and the ladders. As it stands now the course is plenty rugged, and as soon as the new obstacles are added it will be a rough workout for
the toughest of PE classes. Other Activities As Scheduled Other PE activities are contin-
uing as scheduled. Classes are en-
with a very nice job on the mound.
PUKDUE
Kosman, cf, Danielson, 2b. Ijeifhcit, If niankcn, rf. Ehlers, Sb. .... Burger, ob “Hipp Smith, c Wellman, c. .. .Myers, ss. Martin, s,s. ..... Berto, lb, ...... Biggs, lb Petrich, p Misselhorn, p. Miller, p. Kennedy, p
AB E
H PO A 0 2 0
0 0 0 0
ma Phi Epsilon.
Diamond 3—Beta Theta Pi vs. Al- Black courts
' pha Sigma Phi.
Diamond 4---Phi Kappa Psi vs. Al-
pha Tau Omega,
Diamond 5—Delta Chi vs. Phi Gam-
ma Delta.
Diamond 6—Triangle-vs, Tau Ep-
silon Phi.
Diamond 7—Theta Tau vs. Phi Del-
ta Theta.
Diamond 8—Acacia
Chi Alpha.
Diamond 9—-Sigma Nu vs. Phi Kap- the Army Hour, was considered so pa Sigma. potent that it was recorded espeDiamond 10—Sigma Pi vs. Pi Kap- cially for the radio stations of the
receiving their workouts on the Gold
and Black courts.
WBAA To Broadcast Army Program Tonight At 6 “Last Message from Corregidor” will be heard over WBAA tonight at 6 on a special transcription from
Lambda the United States War Department.
The recording, originally heard on
32 3 5 27 8
GREAT LAKES AB R H PO A E
Baumholtz, cf. McCoy, 2b lAicJidcllo. as. . Padgett, If Bolyard, If. Andres, 3b Grace, rf. Hajdyk, lb Har.shany, c. Cochrane, c. Klein, p.
S 3 1 0
0 11' 2 10 0 0 1 0
44 13 16 27 10 *naltcd for Burger‘in ninth.
AMAZING NiW DEODORANT CREAM-i creamy-sanoddi, fragtaflt! Etiquet stops under-arm perspiration odor — and perspiration iiself — 1 to 3 days. Pure. Aatiseptk. Soothing. Does not irritate nomsA} ^Etn. Tty Etuptet Deodorant Cream todam* t by makers of HINDS I^NCY & ALMOND CRiAM
pa Phi. Diamond 11—Delta Upsilon vs. Kappa ..Sigma. , Diamond 12—Beta Sigma Psi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Diamond 13—Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Diamond 14—Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Diamond 15—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Diamond 16—41pha Gamma Rho vs. Sigma Chi. , Diamond 17—Theta Xi Vs. Theta
Chi.
nation. The recording contains the historic last words of Corregidor’s heroic radio operator who stuck to his post through days and nights of incessant firing and shelling by Japanese batteries and planes.
Court 3—Ward 2 vs. Ward 27. Court 4—Ward 25 vs. Ward 26. Court 5—Ward 1 vs. Ward 5;
The following Caiw Hall horseshoe matches will be played ThUrs-
— day evning at 4 o’clock on the The following tennis matches will courts near the west gate of the be played Wednesday evening at 4 varsity baseball field:
Cary Hall 1 v^i Cary Hall 7. Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 3. Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 5. Bowling Schedule For All-Campus:
Tournament
3rd week—June 17
6:30
Phi Gamma Del-
o’clock:
Court 1—Alpha Chi Rho vs. 'Theta Chi. Final Uoubles. Court 2—Phi Kappa vs. Theta Xi—
Singles.
Court 3—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon—Singles.
Court 4—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Del- Alpha Sigma Phi-
ta Chi—Singles. ta.
Court 5—Delta Upsilon'vs. Adacia' Beta Theta Pi—Lambda Chi Alphi. —Singles. Acacia—Phi Sigma Kappa. Court 6—Phi Delta Theta vs. Alpha Phi Kappa Tau—Pi Kappa Alpha, Chi Rho—Singles. Sigma Alpha Epsilon-^Cary Hall. - — . 8:45 The following Ward tennis dou- Delta Upsilon—Delta Tau Delta, bles will be played Thursday eve- Alpha Chi Rho—Phi Delta Theta, ning at 6:30 o’clock: Pi Kappa Phi—Theta Chi. Court 1—Ward 29 vs. Ward 21. Alpha Tau Omega—Triangle. " Court 2—Ward 4 vs. Ward 22. Kappa Sigma—Sigma Nu.
BEAT THE HEAT! Send Your Slacks to WEST SIDE!
Stay cool and fresh all siiiiiiner in clothes that are cleaned the right way!
Northwestern at Vine
PhoiM 4081,
ye ■ mWednesday^ June 17^ 1942
Letters To The Editor
914 Vine Stieet West Lafayette, Ind. June 10, 1942 The Editor Pui'dUe Exponent Purdue Meinoiial Union Buildmp: West Lafayette, Indiana Dear Sir: I wish to thank you foi youi kind editoiial last Sunday, June 7, and to make a few peitinent statements about another editoiial that appealed in the Purdue Independent that same morning. The fiist ^statement that lyas made was that mens’ legs aie not good to look at The looks have nothing to do with men weaiing shorts. Who ever heard of a fellow man looking at his comrade’s legs and saying, “My, my hasn’t John the poorest looking legs we have seen in yeais?” Heavens, we know that we see all the legs we want, without criticism, in P E M 12 — that IS unless our coriespondent is a fieshman. As foi the T-shiit cooling oflF method—^who ever heaid of going to the tiouble of weaiing shoits without wealing a light shut such as a T-shirt—that is unless our moie conservative members expect to weai a tie “To uphold the dignity of the campus.’’ I don’t believe that business men will object either because actoiding to fashion notes they are going to have slacks and shorts in their own offices before long. Youis tiuly, J. D Small.
Dear Eds: June 10, 1942 Yours lettcis in lesponse to the aniline coed letter leflect the sentiments of a gieat many of the Purdue coeds. Maybe a few giils weie till died with the idea of dates with the sailois, who aie undoubtedly .a swell bunch of fellows, but the novelty of the thing was too much foi the coeds and they have lost then sense of values. The Put due Eds are foi the most part GOOD BOYS. When we fiist came to Puidue, we were told that our attitudes toward men would change as soon as we became awaie of the latio, and wo would become “ratio ariogant,” but some of us aie not conscious of the latio, and some of us appreciate the Eds’ attentions, because we know that most of them have giils at home and elsewheie, and because we realize, too, that most of the fellows aie here to get an education, a highly skilled technical training that should and does occupy most of then time in study We coeds, on the average, are here preparing for a “stop-gap” career before marriage, a training which doesn’t require as much concentration on schokstic endeavor as is required of the Purdue Eds. Of course, we all expect a certain amount of consideration and courtesy on dates, but most of us are willing tp treat you lespectfully as friends m return and not as valets. This is our point of view, and we resent being judged by that other senseless letter. S. E. M , M A T., M. G S , E. L S , M. E N.
Tof Those Coed'l: Your second letter was pure ungUentine, girls. We were glad that you 1 ecognized our comments as being the traditional Purdue gripe. This IS the kind of stuff that is gassed around by fellows who have not been able to crash Purdue’s social life You no doubt know that there is a large group of fellows who pass you on their way to coedless classes and being unorganized, never meet you at trade dinners or picnics If they try to strike up an acquaintance on the campus—they are wolves. Date Bureau Gets Vote No sooner had the sailors arrived, than arrangements were made to supply them with dates, while you had sat around during the previous dateless weeks and waited for fellows to call you—no doubt by picking your names blindfolded from last year’s Directory Well, here is your chance to prove that you really would like to meet us, and that your not just trying to justify a natural liking for uniforms. How about starting a date bureau ('-ay in the Union) where a fellow would have a chance to get the name and maybe even s6e a picture of a girl who is available for a date You’ll have to start it, but I’m sure the fellows will back it with plenty of enthusiasm You said that we’ic poor sports Well, we’ll always be poor sport for a take, but we’re suckers for an even break We’re willin’, girls— how about you? The Puidue Eds.
POMM To Hold Annual Initiation Banquet Sunday POMM initiation banquet will be held Sunday evening at 6:30 in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. Tickets are available from the officers of POMM and must be obtained by Friday noon. Summer uniforms will be worn. ■» Lt Commander Hart, commanding officer of the Navy’s Electrical Training School at the University, will be the guest speaker. He will discuss the value of the training that the sailors receive here, and its application to naval combat. A veteran of World War I, he has organized the Naval Electrical Training School at St Louis, ancl reorganized the Navy Signalmen and Radiomen School at the University of Chicago since that conflict. Personnel Notes Universal Cooler Corporation, Marion, Ohio ME and EE August graduates for design and experimental laboratory work. Sign iii the Peisonnel Office by Wednesday, June 17. Onsrud Machine Works Int., Chicago, Illinois August and December ME Sign in I^ei&onnel Office by Wednesday, June 17 U. S. Navy Depaitmenl, “Seabees,” Washington, D C. Men with
construction experience needed for enrollment in class V6. For further information consult bulletin board in your school or thfe Personnel Office. ^ Whiting Corporation, Haive^, Illinois. ME with experience in drafting and .student engineers. Sign in the Personnel Office by Wednesday, June 17.
Phi Lnmhd I llp-iiUm’ Buainess mcctinK and clcclion of pIccIbcs Wednesday, July 17, 7 .<10 p m in 129 Chemistry Annex Note change in loom —WHEELER
Religious Meeting Debaters Will Hold Tomorrow s Hovio
(Continued from page 1)
with 9,000 churches
Before becoming affiliated with the boaid in 1939, Di Payne had been foi thiee years pastor of the Presbyterian Church, Ithica, New Yoik, where 160 per tent of his congiegation were students and faculty members of Cornell Univeisity. Dr. Payne was appointed chairman of the Standing Committee on Christian Education at the Geneial Assembly of the Presbyterian Church
in 1939
Dr. Beaven Will Speak Among the prominent speakers to address the convention will be Dr A W Beaven, Rochester, New York, piesident of the ColgatcRochestci Theological Scminaiy, J Quinter Miller, associate geneial feecictaiy of the Fcdeial Council of the Chill dies of Christ in America; George Oliver Tayloi, national director of Youth Work and national student diiectoi of Churches of the Disciples of Chiist, and Di. R H Meullei, Cl'^veland, Ohio, national diiectoi of religious education for the Evangelical Church The convention, winch is jnonioted by the Indiana Council of Chiistian Education, has for its theme “Speak To My People That They may Go Foiwaid” The last session will be held Fn day From 1200 to 1800 prisons aic exjrected to register for the conlci-
eiice
Sophomore Tryouts
In Union At 4
Sophomores who wish to try out for Forenesic managerships should report at 4 this afternoon to room 386 of the Union, Senior Manager
Sam Pence has announced
Sophonroi e managers will assist in conducting the speech contests and the high school debate conference Included in the campus speech contests will be the All-Campus Discussion Tournament, the Lodde flpeech Contest for coeds, the Hanley Speech Contest lor engineers, the Beveridge Speech Contest for lieshmen and the summer’s War Contest Between seven and eight hundred high school debatei s attend the debate conference, vhich is one of the most important projects
of the sophomore managers.
Managers will leceive activity points and keys at the annual
Stage-Stump-Studio banquet
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Qualify BAKERY
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ]. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Mam St. Lafayette
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
CARRY YOUR SHARE FOR VICTORY TOO! —■to help save the thiiig8 your country needs to hcl[) crush he Axis. CLEAN CLOTHES WEAK LONGER. HAVE YOLU CLOTHES CROWN CLEANED REGLLARLY. Crown Laundry
Notices
Mcchanitnl Enffinccrs <10111 the AS^E now See. Mlsb IjuCuvc in the mam oil ice, ME buildmt? —LLOYD Newman Club: All memotrfi of Newman Club interested in a mixed douldcs tennis tournament ‘'hould call 2413 and notify Chat In. Clailc —LANUII Gold Peppers: Picnic wilh Reamers is postponed to Sunday, June 21
—SIMONS
Alpha Zetn. Impentnnt meetiin; Wednesday luiie 17 in loom 305 of Union All members pie ise atUnel —DIESSLIN Archcry. Aicheiy for ill men students ■will be held every Mondav Wedmsdav and Tiiday from I to 5 30 p m at the archciy ifintre adjaecnt to the Womens tennis coints Uqibpment and instruction will be avaiJable without eharj^e at th( ranire
—FREYMAN
Reservists All 11 ilc students who have not yet completed Ibe two vears bisic militiry liuninjx uejuired foi j^iadui^ion and nic now membeis of the Navi! 01 Mai me Corps Ristrvt uport to the Adiutants oEbee Pmdiie Aimoiy foi impoitant information relative to your status
~ RIORDAN
AIME Iherr will ho i t ilk on AUiminumMintrinese Dion/es Thursday Juik 18 8 p m- Room 2G J -Union —SCHALl lOL WAA lennis Plajers BeeMnUers tourn iment to In Kin Monel u kinc Girls interested SIKH up at Womens Gvm ,
- bCHUBLR
Student War Council Mfeimr in Stiubnl Union onice Weelmsday June 17 it 7 30
- DEUSTLR
Roffcr Williams Club: Meet at the church at 7 45 p m Fudav June 19 t!oi swimminK paity Brins suits ind passpoi t —SCHALI.IOL Engrincer Staff; Picnic for all staff mcml)e»is and workers will be held Siturdav afternoon June 20 Sijrn up m the offiee befoie Wednesday if you cxpfct to po - YOUNGBLOOD Seahh'ird nnd Blade Pledge Committee* Will the followiTiK membeis be at the DU house it 8 on p m Wednesdny June 17 to help pi in tip eominjr plcdKo penod Vollpier Sehorff Lupke 1 leUi’e, Maro/iek, linyioi laylor Speneer
—McKED
Cosmopolitan Club. Ihere will he the weekly meeting of Cosmopolitan Club on Fiiflav June 19 at 4 15 p m in room 304 of th^ Union —&EEVER Wc»Icy Foundation Fiidav evening June 19 at 8 at the found ition house there will he a 'Kraft Nit ” Bhuk ^e)ur hohbus and he leidv for woik plus a lot of fun Fiice
live cents
—BANDELIER (hrisfian FoundTtion Special Frieiunv Wednesdiv with ch met (o meet national student diiectoi Gioikl Oliver Ivloi from St I ouis whri IS em the e impus is one of the leieltrs of the State Christiin 1 duration Convention Come anytime between 1 30 to 5 30 to meet him
JOHNSON
FAO Inteinitv Pledrt frr uk cauls will be iv iilable at the Iriternity AfTiiis OlTice iHKiniimr Tune 17 I rat inity repiesentitivcs m ly c ill it the office foi eareis anv evening aftei t —SCHWAB All Aero Students T At S piectmK I riel u June 19 it 7 30 p in Iliustiated leetuie by Prof Biuhn on Sikorsky HeJuopter Everyone interested is iirired to come to room 207 of the ME Building - VOLLMCR POMM POMM initi ition huunul will he held m Ihe last racully I nunere buiidiy June 21 at fi 0 i m Gt t vour ticke 1 from Intk on I itson Dodds WiKon or Hunt he to re I rutay noon
I ARSON
Purdue Ghclcr Club Imjaiilint meetm flnnsdiv June IS it 7 30 p m m th Union Briiu' dues md fli^lit fees
St HAKl L
All Male Sopliomores: The new 'Army
Enlisted Rcscive flan” fot colleKO students, olTermg deferment fro(n aelivo duty to sradimtlon, Will be explained by a mem-4 ' bor qf the Purdub Military Department Stall r at a meeting to be held at 4 00 p. m., Thursday June 18, in the main ^or Lecture Room, room 129, of the Electrical Engineering Building All physically fit male Sophomores are urged to fRtend this ^
meeting • -GRAHAM AWS Executive Board: No meeting Wednesday, June' 17 —CROLL
thrislian roundation- There will be A/ eltating party Fiiday, Juno 19, from 8 30 to 11 30 Meet at 131 South Grant at 8
Tickets aie twenty-five cents
—JOHNSON
Purdue Boxing Association: Members and' all others interest! d in boxing arc requested to attend a meeting in room 212 in the Union at 8 lO p m Wednesday, June 17,
foi a discussion of summer
Air Male Freshmen: The new “Army En.^ listed Reserve Plan” for college' students/ offering deferement fiom active duty to graduation will be explained by a member of the Puidue Military Department Staff at a mooting to be held at 4 00 p m , Thiirsdaj June 18, in Room 101 of Michael Golden Shops All physically fit male Fresh4 men are uiged to attend this meeting (
—GRAHAM
Classified Ads
- .. sold routed repaired and puichabcd Mime4 OKI iph woik done C J Ebei*bhofT 605 Main, I ifiyetlo Phone 2779 Will Ihe person who picktd up the wioub; 1 aim oil aiioss town lai>t S iturday hiRhL phase cal! Jack Steinhart 8414 f Wanted <o rent G room house all on one fiior oi with I ivalory on first flooi OccnP iney on or b Coie August 15 I ocation near Univfi itv preferud Communu ite immi i (li it( Iv with Iv in Niven, 816 West CoUimbi i, Champ \iKii Illinois Wanted to rent White Palm Beach singlehre ibted suit Si 6 feet till Phonp 61711 lost Glissfs in d.iik maroon cafec Phon^\ 2 j t ind isk for K Brick
To Feature Cartoon, Dogs, Europe, News Weekly scieen leview will piosciit the iollowing piogiam ot movie shoits tomoiiow afternoon at ] in the Hall ot Music “Newb of the Day” w ill be shown at 3 27 and 4 41, a leleasc lioiii the Wai Activities Committee on “Safe”uai fling Militaiy Intoinidtion ’ at 3 36 and 4 50, and “Speaking of Ani-
mals” at 3 46 and 5 00
Alice Maible will be foatnied in “Infoimation Please’^ at 3 55 and 5 09, community singing of “Hits ol the Day” will he at 4 06 iV spoils lecl ot “Show Dogs” will lx shown at J 00, 4 14 and 5 19, “Mcmoiies of Em ope” liom the miiiiatinc senes will be at 3 10, 1 24 and 5 20, and “Oiphans Bcneht,” a caitoon,
at 3 18, 4 32 and 5 37
LET’S STAMP OUT THE AXIS!
America must be first—on the fields of battle, on the sea, and in the air. For those of us who are still at home, whether we are serving on defense projects or not, oiir job is to share in our government. LETS STAMP OUT THE AXIS! 'k 'k in BUY U. S. SAVINGS BONDS aiid STAMPS kkkk^kkkkkkkkkk
Top of the Hill