Tomorrow Harrod Will Discuss ^^Fiu d^m Fiuployilieiil” lii Fo^er Hall
3^e BirOwnihgj 2lj5 B^ta fraternity and presr idettt of Giklet^ l^as fitted and cdgtsi amountittg to 11 dollars, iii city court yesterday on a cliar^ of re^less diiyittg; Brd^ittg, companied By Gaylprd EVans^ who released without clmrge, ran
Glifford li- Harrod, fornier pfesi-^ dent of the Indianapolis Power and iiiglit Company attd 1911 Univereity graduate in electridal engineerittfi will address the last employittettt lectttre df the Btesent defies tottibri'QW afterndtiitt at 4 d^cloefe itt Bliza Pbwler Halli Although the lectures are given especially for seniors, they are open to all stti-
. dettts.
A discussion of the problems that cottfrorit a neW jobholder will iblIdw the discussion of How to get a job, in the lecture which is entitled ‘‘'Binding EmplOyttient”. An exhibition of colored inotiOn piOttires that Str. Harrod made On a recent trip to South Attierica Will precede the talk, and will illustrate many of the points which the talk will cover. Engineering Career , Mr, Harrod^s career as an engineer started with a three-year apprentice period with the Pennsylvania Railroad, and while he was in this pOsitiOtti his nioving pictures of accidents So pleased the railroad executives that he waS given a pbsi tibn as foreiftan. When the war broke out, Mr. Harrod enlisted in the engineers' coips and was made a captaitt. At the end Of the Wdr he joined the public Service Commission. Since then he has acted as consulting engineer with the Indiana Goal Operators’ Association, and in 1927 was naniedl manager and then president of the Indianapolis Power and Light Company.
into a street-^car at Pirst and Main Streets at 1 o’clock yesterday morning:. He was taken tb the Lafayette jail, and was released later yesterday after payittg his fine, according to a report by the police last night.
Ag Leaders Convene Here Will Mold Annual ConMethods
Prominent Journalist
Debate Conducted Ao< cording To Cnngces-
sioi
Production
tens
With two productions already neatly chalked up on the slate of successful shows, Playshop is rapidly polishing off the tough comers Of another comedy hiti “Behold This Creamer”, to be given Friday and Saturday of this Week, at 8 O’clock in Duncaft Memorial Hall. Gilbert D. Williams, production director stated yesterday that the cast had beett holding tWO rehearsals every day for the past four weeks, in an effort to make this show one of the best Playshop has ever produced.
. Cast ■
Ada Mae Roe, ah experienced dramatist, and kribwtt to Playshop audiences for her successful portrayal of character parts, promises to give an excellent characterization of a nervous, high-strung, nagging wife, who drives Charles Trees —a dreamer with the soul of an Urtist—^to distraction. Edith Gregory, remembered for her excellent performance in H. Kenn Carmichael’s “Hearts Of Gold”, and Ruth Grimm, of Playshop and also Union show fame, will be found in roles which they are particularly adept at dramatizing. In order to insure success of this produetibnj great care was exercised in selecting the members of this cast, attention being paid to past experience as well as dramatic ability and natural character.
Agricultural conference education leaders froitt thirteen north Oentral states Will gather at the University today for their annual conference on extension methods, with representatives from the U; S. department of agriculture. Methods eniployed itt agrictiltural extension work in general will be considered by directors of extension, county agent leaders^ hOitte ecOttomics Workers, rural sociologists and poltry specialiste. M. L. Wilsbtt, assiStattt secretary of agriculture, will be the principal speaker bn the general session prograin, appearing Friday rttorriing to discuss “The Future of Agriculture”. Mrs. Richard Morrow, of RichmOttd, farm WOittatt Who has spoken numerous times in Indiana attd Chio, Will be the speaker at a baftquet to be held tbttiorfbW bvbningi T. A. Coleman, county agent leader on the Uriiyersity staff, will
preside.
Sp'bdal Cottferericfes Special conferences for all the groups attending the meeting will be held each ittOrriittg arid afternoon With all coming together for the piogiaitts of interest to the vafibiis groups. Approximately 120 persons will bo heie fbr the itteeting.
Mp“l*brs of the University negative and Kansas State affiffttative teams met in a tto-decisiott debate last night at 7:30 O’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. Discussing the subjecV “Shall Congress Be EittpOWefe’d Tb Override, By A TWo-ThiVdS Majorliyi DeciSiOtts Of The Supreme Court?” Bob Royster and Charles Petticrew represented the Ujiiiversity itt the contest. Bansas State Was represented by Albett Worrell and Nathan Shapiro. The aibrmative team, Shapuo and Woirell, urged tBe adbption of a new systein to empower Congress to Override Supreme Court decisions oil the grounds that tbe constitution is va^e and that decisions of the court are based upon the persOnaropinions of the judges.
Eidicule Plan
In ridiculing the plan, the Purdue team stressed the point that such action wiould result in the establishment of “legislative supremacy”. The team presented the question, “It the present system is not satisfactory, why not submit all important decisions to the people in a referendum vote?” The debate Was conducted acebrditig to the congressiottal styie of disCussiott, an inriovatibtt in debating at the Uttiversity. The plan alloiVs ittterruptions dtmttg each speech by the opposing tbam. PfOfessOr P. E. Lull Whs chaittttatt of
the ineetirig.
Dr. E. C. Ellibtt, ptesidi^ of the tittivereityj will address a diriner for Purdue “Dads” of Indianapolis and Siiiiottnding teiritory on April 18, at the Columbia club in Indi^ apoliS. The Itteetittg’ laM bebtt arranged by Prof ^ Robert PbiUipsi of the University faculty, and vidll be in charge Of former Governor Harry G: Leslibi a Pittdue gfaduatb who now has two soils at the University. Music will be furnished by the Conceirt Ohoiri under the direc-
tion of Albert P. SteWart.
SI}X Will Award New ModU For Best Article O f Month
Diesel Men
Two-Oay Conference Next Wednesday i ExMhit Planned
Monday Deailiiie Fot Eiitolliiieiit M First Aid Course
H. He Chapman Speaker For Forestry Banket
Baase To Play: Solo At Concert Siinday A feature of tbe concert by the University Syittphottic Band next Sunday afternoon at 2:30 in Jefferson gymnasium will be a xylophone solo by F. C. Baase. He will play Von Stippe’s well-known overture, “Morning, Noon and Night in Vien-
Baase, WhO conies frbm Indianapolisi is a frOshman in the school of enfeineeritigj and holds the rank of ittttsiciatt in the band. He has playbd at ttumbrouS inunctions siacb coming to Purdue, attd is rapidly gaining a reputation atta star entertainer. Another attraction to bb presented is Dvorak’s SyittphOttjr number five in S mittbr, “From thb NeW World”, arid “'t'he NeW Jtid^ent”. Admission is firee.
AnnoHiice Foiiiidati®ii Election Nominees
State-wide interest in the ten-day Training Course for First Aid Instructors that is to be held at the University for the first time, March 30 to April 10, uiidef the auspices of the Public Safety Ittstitttte, Ms been reflected in advance enrollittents f or tbe course since the original announcement Was inade. With the deadlitte for enrollments set for next Monday, March 23, there is every indication that the class, that will be limited to forty students, will be filled to capacity. The ten-day course, which will be offered for the first time on a statewide basis, Will ittake it possible to train a limited number Of individuals from the various communities of the state to become Red CrOss ittstrUctors qualified to giv^e the standard arid advanced courses in
first aid.
The staff Will be headM by Dr, Lawrence M. Thompson, staff physician of the American Red Cross WashittgtOn, D. C., who has been assigned especially to the scHOdl br. Thompson will be assisted by staff members. Applications for enrollment should be addressed to the Public Safety Institute, Purdue University, .Lafayette, Ind.
RepresbntatiyeS Of a^ettcies itttetestod in thd use df biSsel bttgineS for pOWei? attd tfarispbrtatiott Will meet at thd UttivefSitjr ott Thursday and Friday, March 26-27, fOi* a two-day educatiOnil conference under the direction ttf tbo iriechariioai en^neering school arid the engineering extension department. In cottnection With the conference, arrangements have been made for a special display of the latest type Diesel endues and aedessdries, tMt will be housed in the laboratories of the Mechanical Engineering
Building.
Moving Pictures Following registration and inspection of exhibits, the formal pro ^am will be opened on Thursday afteixioott, March 26, With a showittg of talking movittg pictures on ‘Bttilding a Diesel Engine”, Under the direction of John Hannon, df the International Harvester Co., of ChicagOj 111. Fuels and fuel specifications and the Serticittg of the present type of fuel injection units will provide the topics Friday momingj with C. H Baxley, sittif en^neer of the Sittclair Refitting Co.j NeW York, and L. 0; Carltonji of the United American Bosch Corpij Chicago, as the
speakers.
All IMveraity students and faculty members will have an opportunity to hear CMrles Carll, digr editor of the IttdianapoHs Times, at an open meeting of Sig^a Delta Chi, professional jouriifdistic iw,temity, to be held in the reception room of the Union Building tonight
at 7:30 o’clock.
Garll, a prominent newspaper matt and a native Hposierj Has beett on the Staff of the Indianapolis Times about ttitte years. PrevibUS to his conndetions with that paper he was affiliated with the United Press. Officers of Si^tt Delta Chi Will alSd awatd the “Bbbk - df - the - Mbnth” priSS, a^ cbpy of Walter Dtifaniy^S laiest bboki “I Write As I Please”, to the student who, in the opittibtt 6f the Ideal chapter, has had the best adiicie published in campus pubiicatidttS which in elude the Emgteeci-i Agriculturist, Exponent and Pharmacist.
PhaPiiiacists To Meet Here Next Week
piSTINGUlSHBD STUDENTS
Refund checks fbr first Semester 1935-36 disUttguished students are now available at the cashier’s office, Uttiversity Hall. —BODDBN.
Grain School Opehs Today t&bdridory Work To Provide Trahdhg In Grading Fiorm Crops
H. H. Chapman, professor of forest management of the Yale Uniyersity forestry school and president df the Society of American Foresters, Avill be the principal speaker at tbe annual forestry banquet tb be held Friday night in the cafeteria of the Home Ec Building. Prof. Chapman is one of the outstandittg mett in the forestry field today and the topic of his talk is “The Forestry. Profession”. Members of the University forestry staff will escort Prof. Chapman on an inspection tour Saturday afternoon which will be followed by a smoker at the home of Prof. B. N. Bretttice on Waldron Street, Saturday night.
Nottiffiatiotts for the annual Wesley Foundation elections Which will be held Sunday have been made by a senior committee headed by J. W. Craig. The candidates are: for president, L. J. DoUd attd K. B. McEachron; for vice president, W. H. Keenan and Mary Ellen Delaplane; fbr treasurer. Forest Warren arid Rob-^ ert Henry; and for social chairman, Paul Girard and Margaret Fantone. The council members Will be elected on the same ballot at Sunday school and Epworth League
Sunday.
Tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock students interested in cooperative housing and cooking will meet at the Foundation House to hear reports of cooperative houses now in operation and to form new groups Savings of 50 per cent in cost of rooitt and board have been reported by these cooperative groups. Dr. H. L. Creek, head of the Uni versity English department, spoke at Vesper Services yesterday afternoon at the Foundation House.
StyM SliDW: Tickets Oil ■ Sale Toiii©rrc>w. Tlckbts fbr the Unibtt Style Shbw
to be held in the ballroom bf the Memorial Union Building bn Friday night, March 27, at 9 o’clock will be placed on sale at the Union desk tomorrow. Tickets will be priced at $2 arid table reservatibna may be ittade next Tuesday. Ruth Grimm and Ruth Attspach are in
charge of the affair.
Nationally known leaders in pharmacy and allied fields will appear on the comprehensive program fbr the sixth attttUal Dru^stS’ 'Busittess Cbttfefence that will be Hbld hbre btt Wddnesdajr and Thuf sdtty, MdrcH 25 ttttd 26, uttder the direction of the pharmacy eXterisibn dbbttrtttiettt. i)r. Mbtids FiShbeittj editbir bf the Jbtiiiittl oi the AnieHcatt Mbdica! ASsbeifiMbn, and Df. HbWttfd Hag gafdj ffibted pHysibibgibt, Will be attibng the pfittciMl spedkers. Other Speakers Othbf speakers inbitide JbsepH Ai AridrOWs; Tippttcattbe ebunty re|>fesettidUve, and IJfi jbhtt of Ittdidttd Central Cdlle^; In oottribetiott ■Mfch the cbttfbfence, sbvefdi local drug clubs are planning tb hold spedal meefirigs to join in the disbuyibtt bf the new U; S. Phaittncopbeia and the Natibnal Fbfinti-
lafy.
Under the direction of Pioi. F. Bobbins, bf the University agronoitty department, a conamefeiuM grain school ojietts today with apprbXimateiy 65 graitt inspectors attending. The meetings will Consist of iabofatbry Worh ottly, the purpose of which is tb provide tfaining in the grdding of coin, wheat, oats and soybeans under new standatds. The stud^ bf daittaked ^tdiUs dttd nlbistufe tests Will dlSo be itt-
eluded^
E. F. Johnson, soy bean expert ffoitt St. LbUis, Will Speak at one of the sessions. W. B. Combs, of the federal grain sTapiefmsbr’s staff hi Chicago, dttd C* A. BusSell, bf Inffianapblis, mil assist Prof. Robbins.
Adopts Plans
Dr. J. Im Bray Oia State LectiirliigT®iir
Hrs. Mary GDUdwIii Recovering Rapidly
Jeff Higli Music Groups To Broadcast Today
The Jefferson high school music department, under the direction of Miss Camilla White, Will present a program over the University radio station WBAA at 3 o’clock this afternoon. The program will consist of several vocal pieces sung by the boys’ and girls’ glee clubs, the ttiixed chorus, a soloist, and the boys and girls’ quartets. A flute solo and a clarinet trio will complete the program.
Mrs. Mary Goodwin, Kappa Alpha Theta housemother, who with Miss Philetta Palmer, bf the home economics faculty, was injured in an automobile accident last Saturday, is expected to be released from the Witham hospital at Lebanon to'morrow. Mrs. Goodwin sustained head injuries. Miss Palmer is in the Home hospital, Lafayette, suffering frbitt a cracked pelvic bone. The mishap took place just north of Lebanon When the car driven by K. R. Snyder, 1822 Thompson St., overturned after swerving to miss a car that had just turned on the highway. Others injured were Mrs. F. H. Boor, 1006 S. Tenth, fractured pelvis, and Mrs. K. R. Snyder with an injured hip. The driver was not hurt.
Df. J. L. Bray, head of the school of Chemical engineering, left yesterday for a tfitt to IridiattapoliS, Anderson, Marion, and Muncie for the purpose of talking before civic organizations and Pdf due clubs ott the subject of research. He has just returned from a similar trip to the industrial districts in the eastern and northern parts of the state; and said that he fburid many of the leaders in a very optimistic frame
of mind.
Prospects of eittployinent for thfe seniors in chemical engineerittg ttre ttattch greater this yCaf thatt they were last year; Df. Bray reported. Hb said that 21 pef cent of the senior s had been placed tins year in comparison of 3 per cent at this time last year, the increased demand beirig because bf the broad charactef pf the training itt cheriiical engineerittg and becatise naturally occurring materials no longef meet the demands of industry.
Plans for the annual spring itteetitti bf the ISffiaM A^deitty bf Sdbnee, tb be held ttt Taylbr UttittefMiy . ttt U#lattai May 15 arid 16,. Werb apTrd^, Suttiay ali aittbeUiife’. bf bfficbfs attd bthbr clttb Ibadbfs here. The pfbgttttm calls for a study of botatty attd Wild life itt gettettti bn the Tajdbf camptts, attd at . Galatia: attd Sdlaf likes, tteaf Uplattd, as WM as inSpbi^ott trips tb near-
by j^ttss factbfie^.
Among the speakers already booked for pa^ ott Ute program are: Uf. J. E. Pbtzg^f, BuUer Uttivefsiiy; Ms. E. G. Maliin ind M. W. li^on, Jf., of Nbfoe Dattiei Df. G. H. Evans, Dr. X W. Tinkle, aid Brof. Samuel King, of T^lor Uttivefsity; Uafbid Bimsttefttian, of the Bali Brothers Coittp^y; Pres. Robert Lee Stuart, of Taylor tlnivef-
sity, and others,
Offiwfs
Df. Tes% of thb department of chemistry at the University, is secretary of the society, and T. R. Johnston, Universi^ director of publicity, is press seefeta^ of the Indiana Acadettiy, Betides these officers, others from the University present were Dean H. E, Endears, Prof. J. J. Davis, Dr. M. C. Mellon, Dr. B. E. Montgomery, Dr, C. A. Behrens, all of whom are active in the state organization.
CuTes Will Award
McNUTT NAMES KEEML ON SAFETY COMMITTEE
PIA Plans Skating Party For Members Friday Night P. I. A. will hold a skating party for its members Friday evening at 7 o’clock at Maple Point. No admission charge will be made, but nominal fee of fifteen cents will be taken for transportation. Refreshments will be served to the group before the closb of the party.
Lieutenant F. M. Kreml, Public Safety Specialist with the University engineering extension department, who has accepted a leave of absence from the Evanston, 111.; police department, to advance safety work here, was named by Governor Paul y. McNutt on the governor’s safety committee follbwing McNutt’s radio appeal last Sunday for cooperation of all Indiana citizens to reduce auto fatalities.
Bill Jones Will Play For Weekly Mixer Satutday
Students attending the regular Weekly Union mixer Saturday evening will dance to the music of Bill Jones and his cainpus “sWing” band. The band, which was organized last September, is composed entirely of musicians who have had professional experience elsewhere, several with nationally famous orchestras. The band will be assisted by Fritzi Walkey, vocalist, and Will render its own arrangements of selections rather than the standard arrangements. .
Ceres, agricultural honorary society, will award essay prizes, in--clttdirig two cups and several keys to the Winners of the attttual Ceres essay contest at an bpett meeting of the organization at 7:36 tottlofroW evening itt the faculty iottnge of the Memorial Union Building. Prof, A. T. Wiancko, head of the agronomy departmettt, will give an iilustrated lecture btt South America, with special emphasis bn the nitrate fertilizer industry of Chile.
Prof. T, K. NosB To Address Hort Society On Japan
Prof. T. E. Nbss, of the education department. Will address the menibers of the Horticultural Society tonight at 7:30 o’clock at the regular meeting of the brganiztation in rbbim 202 of the Horticttlturid Building. His talk will deal With his experiences on a reeettt trip through Japan.Bber Hfi«i«nal ColIeg« Press Assodation, Biff Ten Bditopel Assodation Esdnavely E^resentea by Natienal Afiyertidsiff Scrdce, Inc. 4Se BCadison Ayenne, New Tork City
Entered as second daes matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Deliver^ by asail, $8.60 per year, delivered by earner, $2 60 per year, sold by sinffle copy, 2 cents
Business Phone 6088
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Stndent Pablication of Purdue University
Editor-in-Chief — Manaffinff Eklitor — Associate Editors „ _ SliortB Editor Associate Sports Editors Sophomore Assistanta—• C Harper, Jr Bold and Black Editor
E0ITOEIAL STAFF „ „ „ „ _ _ V. Heuser “JT” " _ " - C H Campbell JL M Chasteen, C M. Hardin, W T Hunt, E. H. Morris, M. G Walther „ _ _ _ JN E Hays D F Mull, R. H Whlpole, L. D, Wood _ K A Barnette, J E Brock, A H Forester, R. P Manion, C L. Sadler, R C Schenk, J L von Haw „ „ „ „ W. R Abbott
Business Manager^ Advertising Manager _ Advertising Assistants Circulation Manager „ Circulation Assistants. „ .
BUSINESS STAFF „ „ W A Koch ^ H F Antonini L. H "Brown, R Creek, D C Miller „ „ R J Hulse J G Girard G R Shields
Editor _ _ Associate Editors _ Advertising Manager
WOalEN’S STAFF _ Joyce Williams Jlelen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann „ .Josephine Perkins
Wednesday, March 18, 1936.
Issue Editor—-E. P. Mamion.
Comparatively Sensible
Princeton University students have organized a society known as “The Veterans of Future Wars”, and Vassar University women announced that an auxiliary organization had been formed simultaneously and will be known as the “Gold Star Mothers of Veterans of Future Wars”. The societies were reported as having requested an immediate payment of a thousand dollar bonus to each member, in view of the fact that government pa3nnent of bonuses always precedes the date on which they are due. Payment was urged on three counts; (1) The present generation will undoubtedly be summoned to participate m a future war; (2) An immediate paym^t would tend to relieve the current monetary strain and end the depression; and, (3) An opportunity should be afforded the future veterans to allow enjoyment of the bonus before they are subjected to the possibility of being killed in conflict. A note of sarcasm was detected in the announcement yesterday that the Gold Star Mothers of Vassar would ask for trips abroad so that they would have the opportunity to inspect the prospective graves of their future sons. However, when the above proposal is laid side by side with some of the other easy-money proposals that have been brought forward during the last few years, our eastern contemporaries don’t seem so sarcastic, after alL To The New Initiates Especially appropriate at a time when most of the campus fratermties and sororities are initiating new members is an editorial, “Fraternal Responsibilities”, which was published in a recent issue of the Syracuse Daily Orange. It read, in part: “Initiation may be considered an achievement for the neo phytes. It means that they have passed the penod of social probation and have proved their worth to the point that their fraternity has chosen them, for better or worse, as life-long members. More particularly it means that the group is willing to live with them for four years. This acceptance is symbolized in the sharing of fraternal secrets.” In the broader sense, initiation is not only an achievement but also a trust and a responsibility. It means that, in a year or two, the present initiates will be custodians of the ideals and traditions of an organization which is bigger than themselves. A fraternity is more than the sum of its members. It has a life of its own. To each initiate will come an increasing share of responsibility for the development of his fraternity. He will be called upon to keep alive the ideals of his organization and to justify the fraternal idea when it is under fire. The life of each fraternity depends on its members and especially on its leaders. The organization can live or die, progress or degenerate, according to the will and ability of the individuals who guide its destinies.—A. M, C.
Our heartfelt sympathies to the true Irish soldier who wore a green tie yesterday at Corps Day. It cost him twenty demerits .. . Waiter* “Do you want condensed milk with your cereal V* Ag pledge: “No, bring me some udder kind ” , —“goon”. TROUBLES IN PARADISE The night was warm, the breezes sighed, And lovers to the airport hied The all encircling gloom concealed Each stalwart youth whose nerves were steeled To the pulsing throb of a co-ed’s heart And as the heart throbs grew stronger, stronger And many a boy-friend could last no longer Then was the time we thought just right And one of us turned on the airport search hght.... —air-umps! Kappa Sig Smalley takes Jan Nilson home at eleven. She, demure little miss, IS seen at two with an ATO. Looks like another one of those eternal triangles. If Theta done as I asked, Ida had a swell time. —“goon”. Remarks by the 1 6 students: “College life has really begun ” “I was damn lucky at that ” “Well I’ll do better next time.” Our eyes have met Our lips not yet But, oh, you kid I’ll get you yet. Linotype addition—^Why doesn’t Jack Schmidt cater to the admirmg girl-friend that calls him up every Sunday to come down to a chicken dinner 7 ? ? 9 ? ? That Theta sign “Keep Off The Grass” was abused last night. You can guess what letters were dropped . . .
WITH OTHER EDITORS
Social Credit Faces Realities (Louisville Courier-Journal) After six months in office, the Social Credit Government of the Canadian province of Alberta is no nearer to the realization of its dream of handing out $26 a month to every citizen than it was last summer when it was swept into power on a landslide of votes. The Treasury is worse than empty, the necessity of increased taxation looms and the Provisional Legislature has adjourned until March 2 owing to a serious split m the dominant faction. The enabling act to put the Utopian scheme into effect has not yet been brought up, and the only accomplishments of the new regime have been the filhng of government jobs and the abolition of smoking in government offices. The question whether to balance the budget before extending the $25-a-month credit to the citizens or allow an increasing deficit to pile up is dividing the Social Credit forces. The existing deficit will amount to $9,000,000 on March 31. At present taxation rates, the government will go into the hole to the extent of an additional $4,700,000 during the coming year. The Prc^^ional debt weigns heavily on the Treasury and federal iM is difficult to oMain. Capital in large quantities has quit the Province and ordinary running expenses will require new and higher taxes. The people who have been promised the governmental boon are growing restive Each delay in starting the experiment causes murmurs of discontent. The only person who seems to have hope that the scheme will work in Premier William Aberhart. He maintains his optimism when revenue diminishes and the value of government securities shrinks. He continues to dream of abolishing poverty in the Province, though the Social Credit plan is face to face with realities. The liner published in this paper which read, “Purdue’s charter stipulates that there be on the board of regents ‘one farmer, one woman, and one person of good moral character^ has been reprinted in almost every college paper in the coun1^.
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR Today Sigma Delta Chi Open Meeting, reception room, Umon, 7.30. Hort Society Meeting, Horticulture Building, room 202, 7. A. I E E Meeting, E E Building, room 264, 7 15. Alpha Phi Omega, Umon, 7:80. Christian Science Meeting, Union peasant room, 7 30 Flying Club Meeting, Union peasant room, 7 30. Literature Section of Women’s club. Union faculty lounge, 2.30. Grain Dealers’ Dinner, Union reception room, 6. Commeicial Gram School, all day 1 ©morrow Regional Conference of Extension Workers, Eliza Fowler Hall C. L. Harrod Emplosrment Lecture, Eliza Fowler Hall, 4 Commercial Gram School, all day Tau Beta Pi Dinner, Union reception room, 6 30 Ceres Open Meeting, Union, rooms 1 and 2, 7 30 Ag Regional Conference, all day Friday Gold Peppers Dance, Union ballroom, 9. Regional Conference of Extension Workers, Eliza Fowler Hall. “Behold This Dreamer”, Playshop, Duncan Memorial Hall, 8. Forestry Club Banquet, H. E Cafeteria, Prof. H. H. Chapman. Radio Club Meeting, Union peasant room, 12 noon. Forestry Staff Luncheon, Umon peasant room, 12 noon. A. A. U. W. Meeting, Study Group, Union peasant room, 7 30 Saturday Mixer, Union, Bill Jones’ Orchestra, 9. “Behold This Dreamer”, Playshop, Duncan Memorial Hall, 8. Cosmopolitan Club, Phonograph Dance, Union faculty lounge, 8 Undergraduate Dames Party, Women’s Gym, 7 Ag Luncheon, Union peasant room, 12 noon Sunday University Band Concert, Jefferson high school gym, 2:30. Exponent Staff Banquet, Umon faculty lounge, 6. ‘
TYPEWRITERS ADDING MA-CHINES-—For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. 0. P. Eberahoff, 605 Main St. Phone 3779.
Morgan’s Psychology of Abnormal People—^Wanted to buy or borrow a dozen copies. Call 8080 or 66003.
\
For Sale—^Tuxedo suit, size 40 or 42, $5 60. Two swallow tail evening suits, size 40, $3 and $6.50. Moore’s Colpmal Market, 220 North 6th.
Chamberlin’s Special For This Week-—Orange Pineapple and Vanilla. Order it It’s delicious.
Wanted-—Three passengers to Hot Springs, Arkansas, during spring vacation Call Foisell, 7927.
Wanted—Passengers for New York City. Leaving Wednesday, March 26, at 6 p m. Call Koppel, 7242
AAUW Sponsors Meeting To Discuss School System Members of the American Association of University Women are sponsoring an open meeting tonight at 7 30 o’clock in the parlors of the Central Presbyterian church, to discuss the public school system of Tippecanoe county. Speaker for the occasion will be Mr. Morris McCarty, superintendent of the Lafayette schools Mr. David Ross, University trustee, will discuss “Economy and Consolidation”, and the third speaker, Mr. Joseph Andrews, lawyer and legislator, will talk on “Taxation for Education”.
ANNOUNCES INITIATION Alpha Xi Delta announced last night the initiation of the following* Janice Burch, Benton Harbor, Mich, Rita Bush, Gary; Audrey Cason, West Lafayette, Catherine Ann Cromer, West Lafayette; Georgia Elliott, Rising Sun; Pearl Jackson, Indianapolis, Margaret Jones, West Lafayette; Alice Keeley, Gary, Mary Beth Rose, Lafayette, Edna Schwab, West Lafayette, Saxon Shewalter, Indianapolis, Lucy Throckmorton, Rock Island, 111 , and Mane Wetzel, Spencer
Hiram College, Ohio, celebrated leap year by ordering all men in at 12 every night, giving co eds complete freedom
Application Pictures Special $1.25 per dozen The Foster Shop Studio Opposite Purdue Union Phone 6726
Distinffuished Students — Refund checks fot first semester 1986-86 distinsnished stud^ts are now available at the cashier's
office.
University Hall.
-BODDEN.
Gimlet—Meeting to select pledges in Union at 7:16. —BROWNING
May Day Tryouts—^AU girls who have signed up tat May Day dancing or wish to try out, be at the Women’s Gym tomorrow night at 7 —BOLLBR,
Forestry Club—Following men report to mm 816 of Hort Building at 4 today. C E Bryan, Hamilton, Smninger, Martin, Shlaes, B Allen, Carol, Dobnowolski, J Williamson, Schweidler, Baum, R. Shaw, Hildebrand, LdMasters —CRAIG Sophomore Motors—No inspection trip during school week beginning Ibursday, March 19 All classes meet in classroom at regularly scheduled hours —HALLAM
W. S. G. A. Board—Meeting tonight at 7 66 in office —HALL
All Co-eds—^W S G A elections today in Union lobby from 8 to 6 Registration cards not necessary Every girl eligible to vote for each office —HALL
Union Workers—Members of our committees report to sub-basement of Union at 4 today —SCHOLER CLARK
Umon Workers—Committee meeting at 4 today in Union office —ANSPACH, KUEHN* Chess Club—Tourney players please play off matches as soon as possible —OHAVER. Scabbard and Blade Pledges—Call for cutlasses at Pi Kappa Phi house immediately —GLENNY
Gold Peppers—Important meeting at 8 tonight in W S G A office of Union —HUTCHINSON Horticultural Society—Meeting tonight in room 202 of Hort Building Prof Nobs will talk —SHELBURNE
Flying Club—Meeting tonight at 7 30 in Union —ASIRE
Kappa Delta Pi—Meeting Friday at 4 —ROBBINS
W A A. Ba^etball—Any girl wishing to participate in class basketball must have one practice either today at 4 80 or tomorrow at 4 —CHARLES
Alpha Phi Omega—Open meeting postponed until Wednesday, March 26 Meeting of the officers at 7 30 tonight in the peasant room. —SACHS
Archery Club—Meeting tonight in Women’s Gym at 7 —LEE
Co-ed Fencing—All girls who wish to enter the tourney must sign up on the bulletin board at the Women s Gym before tomorrow evening. —HADLEY
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING fotr a COLLEGE EDUCATION P. G. REISNER
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbook at the MITZI SANDWICH SHOP 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Phone 3085 €kmk§,
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
Ifcjsgjag' or
Risk Dental Clinic FAUL A. RISE ROBERT G. RISK HAROLD J. RISK LUTHER A. RISR 400 Schnlts Bldg. Phone 8701 Comer 4th and Main
Special This Week Stare am! Miss^e 60c
Valwe 75c SHAVti^G KIDS 327 Main St,
Order Yonr Spring Suit Early and Make it a happy EASTER John Fisher
ADULT Tap Classes Open BEGINNER’S Tuesday, March 24, 7 00 p m. INTERMEDIATE Thursday, March 26, 7:06 p. m. ADVANCED Friday, March 27, 6*30 p. m
ARC LAST TIMES TODAY JACK HOLT in Storm Over the Andes” and RICHARD TALMADGE “Live Wire”
LAST TIMES TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
SPENCER TRACY
MYRNA LOY
“Whipsaw” and JOSEPHINE HUTCHINSON in “The Melody Lingers On” Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday “CHIC” SALE WILLIAM GARGAN in “MAN HUNT”
LWA LAST TIMES TODAY
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday “Here Comes Trouble” &nd “Timothy’s Quest”
Patronize Exponent Advertia«rs
LAST TIMES TODAY
Thursday - Friday - Saturday GEORGE RAPT ROSALIND RUSSELL in “It Had to Happen”Mmpr Sports 111 Limelight interest Shown in intramural Contests. Intramural sports move into the limelight so recently vacated by the basketball squed .as the annual lull between the hardwood and diamond season comes around. With baseball remaining in the embryonic stage until after the southern trip during spring vacation, all athletic interest is now centered on the program of the intramural department. Class “B” Basketball At present three fraternities, Phi Kappa Psi and Kappa Sigma in the finals of the loser’s bracket, and Beta Theta Pi in the winner’s bracket, are battling for supremacy in the class “B” basketball tournament. Volleyball got in full swing last night with ten teams scheduled to play each evening for the rest of the week. The final rounds will be played some time next week, depending upon the caliber of the coriipeting teams. Fraternites are still playing Gold and Black with at least two more weeks of the sport in sight. Among the indoor sports there is the faculty hand ball tournament, the All-Campus squash tourney, and play has just begun in the All Campus table tennis matches. Officials of the intramural de partment announced yesterday that work would begin on reconditioning the tennis courts as soon as the weather permitted. It is hoped the courts will be ready for play before spring vacation. As soon as the
tenter'-'’'' Tourney Pinkls Pijaternity class “B” Imsketball entered ihe last stages of the tourney with Kappa Sigma’s 28 to 23 win over Delta UpSilon in a game played yesterday evening in the Memorial Gymnasium. This advances thel Kappa Sigma team to the finals of the loser’s bracket. They will play the Phi Kappa Psi team in a game to determine which will meet Beta Theta Pi in the final play-off of the winners of the loser’s and winner’s brackets in this double elimination tourney. The Beta’s will have to win only one game to take the tournament, while the winner frdm the loser’s bracket must defeat j^eir opponente in two successive games if they would win.
ANNOUNCES ELECTION Sigma Phi Epsilon announces the election of the following officers: president, James Kettle; vice president, Edward Bluemel; secretary. Perry Wray; treasurer, Leroy Bornhauser.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Phi Kappa fraternity announces the pledging of Bartholomew Loskot. New York City.
tang of winter gets out of the air there will be a demand for horseshoe pitching facilities. Baseball is scheduled to start as soon as the indoor sports have been finished, always with the provision that the weather permits diamond play. Golf and tennis will fino^umerous enthusiasts as soon as the call comes.
During uncertain March days assure daily warmth with forty’s Better Coals
Tenuis Toumfey ‘ > Table ,tennis Md interested thii?-ty-five entrants yesterday with at least twice , that many expected to sign up in the next few days for the All-Campus tourney. The All-Campus pky is being combined this year with the collegiate tourneys being sponsored by College Humor magazine at universities and colleges throughout the country. The magazine will give handsome gold and silver medals to the winner and runner-up in each tournament held; Each entrant must pay an entrance fee of ten cents, play being held on the main floOr of the Memorial Gymnasium.
lor
Awards
Frosh Tank Team Wins Over DePauw Coach Allen’s Team Captures Telegraphic Meet By 44-22 Score Purdue’s freshman swimming squad completed an effective drill season under Coach Homer Allen by winning a telegraphic meet froih DePauw, 44-22, according to the official report compiled here last night. The Boilermaker yearlings won both relays and five out of six firsts in the individual events. Among the yearling candidates who are expected^to be outstanding contenders for the varsity next season are Tredwell in the back stroke and dives, Rohrbaugh in the free style dashes, Carr in the breast stroke, and Wildhack and Craig in the dives. Results The complete summary of the telegraphic meet, as compiled by comparing the individual times of each entry, follows: 160 yard relay—^Won by Purdue (Lahey, Penstermaker, Rohrbaugh, Rudig); DePauw, second. Time, 1:23.5. 60 yard free style—^Won by Salisbury, DePauw; Rohrbaugh, Purdue, second; Duffin, DePauw, third. Time, :32. 100 yard free style —^Won I by Rohrbaugh, Purdue; Armstrong, Purdue, and Salisbury, DePauw, tied for second. Time, :58.7. 100 yard breast stroke—^Won by Carr, Purdue; Marlatt, DePauw, second; Heritage, Purdue, third. Time, 1:15.3. 100 yard back stroke -^Won by Tredwell, Purdue; Jacobi, Purdue, second; Salisbury, DePauw, third. Time, 1:10. 200 yard free style—^Won by Diehl, Purdue; ■Leslie, DePauw, second; Jacobi, Purdue, third. Time, 2:42.6. 120 yard medley relay—^Won by Purdue (Jacobi, Heritage, Diehl); DePauw, second, ^ime, 1:14.5.
Letter And Numeral Winnws Announced Letter awards to the members of Purdue’s varsity fencing squad and the freshman squash racquets and swimming squads were announced last night, following a meeting of the insignia board.> Seven major letters and five minor letters were awarded to the varsity fencing squad, while five freshman numerals were awarded in stfiiash and twelve ii^sWimming. The complete list of awards follows: FENCING Majors—^R. S. Blocker, Huntington; R. S. Green, Muncie; J. W. Hammann, St. Louis, Mo.; R. H. Latter, Chicago, 111.; R. L. Matthews, South Bend; J. W. Seaborg, South Bend, and J. H. Silverman, Chicago, 111. Minors—^V. W. Ahtucshko, Trenton, N. J.; J. S. McWilliams, New Albany; W. H. Reynolds, Indianapolis; L. C. Sellers, Columbus; P. C. Wray, Gary. SQUASH RACQUETS Freshman Varsity Numerals—^B. C. Andrus, Fort Knox, Ky.; R. D. Juve, Akron, Ohio; T. O. Jackson, West Lafayette; H. H. Moses, Newburgh, N. Y., and A. W. Sokolowski, Cleveland, Ohio. SWIMMING ' Freshman Varsity Numerals—^L. E. Armstrong; Chicago, 111.; E. D. Carr, Oak Park, 111.; G. Craig, Oak Park, 111.; L. J. Diehl, Baldwin, N. Y.; W. R. Penstermaker, Indianapolis; E. C. Heritage, Chicago, 111.; J. H. Jacobi, Dayton, Ohio; C. B. Luce, Westfield, N. J.; R. W. Rohrbaugh, Logansport; D. E. Rudig, Huntington; G. Tredwell, New Rochelle, N. Y.; and G. A. Wildhack, Indianapolis. It was agreed that the ten winners in the freshman fencing tournament will automatically be awarded freshnian varsity numerals in fencing.
' ClOLB AND BLACN ^ ’foday, Abell Kappa Sigma vs. Bigma Phi Epsilon or Sigma Alpha Epsilom
Sweet Shop
ROSCOE KARNS Paramounf Star
Wkere smiles are many and spirits are light. Where you can chat with your friends over a coke, malted, or sandwich. Where you meet your friends and where you always feel at home.
Purdue Memorial Union
“The Corner of the Chmpus, Yet the Center of College Activities’^
I-FVoUeyball Underway Winning Fraternity To Receive Trophy Regular volleyball began last night at 7 o’clock with twelve fraternity teains reporting for their first game. Twelve more teams will begin tonighh at the same time. In the first round each team will play three games. The eight best teams from this round will go into a double elimination round that will start on Tuesday, March 24, and end Thursday, March 26. Teams that are to report this evening are: Phi Kappa Tau, Phi Pi Phi, Pirathon, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Nu, Sigma Phi Ep-
m. Theta (Mf 'ffheta Xi, and TrirngU. -
Btdes to be psed iu i as follows: six mett U
they must rotate- 6a servL must go over on third yoBey#' assist is allowed on tiite serve; ball mtist be served over. Net badf ^ ‘ after serve is good. Ball
varsity basketball goals is played, over. Touching Met or reaehfiMg over |
net loses ihe point. Each team plays three games; the eight best teams go to the finals. AU g&mee go to 21 points, and winner must be 2 up. Ofiicial rule book will govern all
other points.
^ ^
♦ 4^
4“ 4
4” 4^
4- > 4^ 4^ 4- 4VOLLEYBALL
4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4^ 4-
Today
Report at 7 o’clock. Phi Pi Phi, Pirathon, Delta Up- - silon. Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Alpha Mu, Sigma Nu, Sigma PM Epsilon, Phi Delta Theta, Sigma Pi, Tau Kappa Epsilon, Theta Chi, PM Kappa, Theta Tau, Theta Xi, Tri-
angle.
r:-, -.s
B.&W. Shoe Co.
121 N. Fourth
EiaiF & EsniF 0C5[iSKaS.SE.30EIS!
fs
HI®
Make your pipe give double pleasure with Half & Half. Cool as the clang of a grade-crossing helL Sweet as your habit to ”Stop, Look and Listen.” Fragrant, full-bodied tobacco that won’t bite the tongue—in a tin that won’t bite the fingers. Made by our exclusive modern process including patent No. 1,770,920. Smells good. Mkkes your pipe welcome anywhere. Tastes good. Your password to pleasurel
Not a Mt of bKe In tho tobacco or the Tdescoiw Tin, which gets smaller and as 3fou use-up the tobacco. No bitten Angers as you reach for a load, even the last «««<». Cop^lsht 1936. Tbe Amwleait Tabacca CompatuF H A L F VHA H A L F TAe Sa^ P^e
m j'M w ■ ill
'm
■'i
, ‘1 ‘fmCab Driver Befriends Financially Einbarrassed Pair Caught In, Rain
By Esther Turley.
Who is a man’s best friend? Not his mother ... nor his dog . . . but the taxicab driver." It’s a shame that there aren’t inore people in this world like them. They know plenty, repeat nothing—their code of ethics seals their lips. We encountered a polite refusal when we asked Jed, a local driver^ to tell some juicy scandal concerning University students. When we insisted, he just laughed and inquired if we wanted him to lose his job. “You see,” he said, “if I should tell what I know, about half the students would be buying return tickets. Between 12 and 2 o’clock on Saturday nights is our busiest time. The eds, who have tarried too long on the east side, expect to find an immediate ride home when they appear at the cab station. If they meet With disappointment, they spend the intervening time wearing out the pavement between the station and the Fowler. Sometimes they certainly raise the devil.”
Humorous Incidents
“Some humorous incidents”, he resumed, “ocCur on raiiiy nights, when the boy-friends are financially embarrassed. More than once they have left watches, purses, and fraternity pins as dleposits until they can pay the fee. Last Friday night I even got a couple of tickets
‘Carmita’ ”.
“The Exponent staff works a clever racket. Many times I am called aside by the members and asked if they can have the fare put on the Exponent’s account. The next day they Come in and pay it before the bill is sent to the paper. “We also have cases of girls pursuing the boys. Don’t try it, girlies, it doesn’t pay. You are just out that much cab fare. Walking In The Rain “Saturday night I was parked on Main Street during a heavy downpour of rain hoping for a customer. Two drenched figures stood forlorn on the street corner. In^yain they waited for a street car. The boy ran up to the cab with a desperate gleam in his eyes, ‘Mister, will you take us home C. 0. D ?’ I drove to a near-by sorority house and waited, while the girl dashed in to get the necessary fifty cents. “The students have a lot of fun playing jokes on us, but we usually catch up on them. On answering a dead call on the West Side, I found
that I wasn’t the only one who played ‘fish’. When I arrived there were three cabs, one ambulance, a moving van, and a fire truck parked front of the address. The call had been turned by a student, a minister’s son, by the way, who en-
joyed this sort of humor.
“Well, girlie, there’s the boss signaling that i have a call. Sorry that I can’t furnish you any good dirt’. Really I have a short memdry and forget everything that I hedr or see. Maybe this podm will explain my sentiments. So long.
He
He
to
“The taxicab driver sits in his car And waits for calls from near and
far
knows All the crooks and he
knows all the rooks
knows all the bad rpads, he
knows all the nooks
He knows all our sorrows, he knows
all our joys
He knows all the girls Who are chasing the boys He knows all Our troubles, he knows all our strife He knows eyery man who ducks from his wife. If the taxicab driver told half that
he knows
He would sow a small breeze that would soon be a gale Engulf us in trouble, land us in jail He would start forth a story which gaining in force Would cause half our wives to sue
for divorce
He’d get all our homes mixed up in
a fight
And turn all our bright days into sorrowing nights In fact, he could keep the whole town in a stew If he told half he knew So here we are—^just pay us our
fees
"VVe don’t know a thing but our A B C’s.”
Gold Pefiperis To Announce Pledges Friday Dick Hartoin To Play For Annual Co-ed Honorary Dance
A large gold pepper will decorate the backdrop in the Union ballroom for the informal co-ed bid dance to be given by Gold PeppbrS Friday evening at 9 o’clock in the Union ballroom. Dick Hartom and his band, featuring a Benny Goodman “swing”, will play in their first appearance on this campus. Hartom and his band are from the University of Illinois and have played in Chicago, Danville, and Champaign. Gold Peppers is an honorary co-ed organization whose purpose is the boosting of athletics. The customary announcement of pledges will be made at this dance. Tickets, priced at one dollar, may be obtained at the various sororities, the Union desk, and the Women’s Residence Hall, The following committee chairmen have been announced by President Florence Hutchinson: band, Evelyn Eellenberger; tickets, Mary Ann Phillips; Campus advertisement, Katherine Clancy; decorations, Eileen Lamb; publicity, Joyce
Williams.
Chaperones for the evening include Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, Miss Helen Schleman, and the housemothers of the sororities.
Resiclerice Hall' Holds , Din.Her For Candidates In order to acquaint the
women of the Women’s Residence Hall with the candidates for office^ of W. S. G. A.; W. A. A., Arid Y; W. C. A., a dinner was held at the Women’s Residence Hall fdr the nominees last night.
The guests were Betty ArhoW,
Jayhe Behneivit^, Dorothy Bfyant, Betty Coit, Ruth Copeland, Mary Delaplane, Mafy Humphreys, Margaret Jones, Patricia Jones, Mary Alice Learning, Elizabeth Maier, Dorothy Martenet, Mildred Mills, Fay Pendergrass, Mildred Rhodes, Jeanette Scudder, Genieve SOxsOn, Virginia Slocum, Betty Ann Stewart, Mary Townsend, Emily Tubbs, Minadel Venemann, Mary Wien and Ruth Wiley.
Ada Mae Roe In' Pageant
Plan To Hold Ma)Day Affair On Oval
WAA, WSCA, YWCA To Cast Ballots From 8 To 5 Picture Posters Of Candidal Placed On ■ ; Campus; ' S,lates ,i^,fesented::: By: OrgaiiizatiGns Joint elections in three all-^o-^d activities^ Y. W. G. Aii W. A. A., and W. S. G. A., Will be hifeld today ih the Idbby of the Memorial Union Building froith 8 until S o’clock. These orghiiizations are presenting the following slates: 1^. A. A.-~^jEIliza-beth Arnold; Mihadel Venemann, president ; Mary Hum-
phreys, Emily Tubbs,
vice
president; Betty Coit, Mary Ellen Delaplane, treasurer; arid Elizabeth Maier, Eiith Wiley, secretary. ” Eligibility to vote in W. A. A. is determined by the pAyment of one dollar dries arid earning 25 W. A. A. points ditpirig the year.
W. S. G. A.
Co-eds Will Hear Wheeler
“Hygiene of Marriage” will be the subject of the lecture to be given by Dr. Theodora Wheeler when she addresses the senior co-eds tomorrow evening at 7:30 in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Dr. Wheeler was to have spoken last week, but was unable to be here, due to the ill ness of her daughter.
"Witli a
Mannish suits are unque s t i o n ably dominating the spring fashions. We have them in all of the new materials and colors.
Theta's Sing At Weddlirtg
By Elizabeth Pyke. R-r-r-r-ring. What’s that awful noise? Oh, yes, thb alArm clock is announcing itl its gentle tones for us to arise. Its smiling face cried, “Six o’clock—^time to get up.” No school this morning; why the alarm? Plash—^to serenade the bride, Peggy Hiner. Believe it or not, in nve minutds twenty-five girls , Were departing from the Theta house in several cars, in order to wish their sister. Miss Hiner—soon to be Mrs. Shank lin—-the best of luck in song. Some of the songs awakening her on her wedding day last Saturday were Theta Lips, Beta Sweetheart Song, and I Love You Truly.
Ada Mae Roe has been selected for the part of Persephone in the May Day pageant that will be held Saturday, May 9. The pageant centers around this character who, through the mediuni of dancing, shows the beauties of nature, as seen by fames, to the Queen of May and her court. The Exponent has sent to Washington for an official Vreather report for that day. If the weather permits, the pageant will be held in the Oval. In order to better the acoustics, a large shell will be built in back of the stage. Professor Marian Willoughby has planned a style show at 10:30 o’clock Saturday morning for the mothers in order to give them aii opportunity to see the work done by their daughters.
The following nominations were made by the executive board df tV. S. G. A. : president, Rrith Copeland, Jeanette Scudder; secretary, Margaret Jones, Mary Alice Learning; treasurer. Fay Pendetki’dss, Vifrginia Slocum; junior representative, Dorothy Martenet, Elizabeth Ahh Stewart; sophomore representative, Mary Townsend, Mary Wien, All co-eds in the University Are eligible to vote in this election; schedule cards must be presented. Picture posters have beeri placed on the campus to attempt to familiarize all girls with the candidates.
Mrs. Mary liawton Wright, a former member of the home economics faculty and now a htdadcaster at WLS, spoke to the freshman survey class yesterday morning in the hontie econotnics auditorium. Her topic was “Opportunities for Women in the Broadcasting Field”.
• Y. W. C. A. Nominees in Y. W. C. A. are as follows: Pat Jones, Mildred Mills, president; Jayne Benn^witz, Dordthy Bryant, sectetary; Miidrdd
Rhodes, Genieve Sexson, treasurer. All girls who have paid the annual dues of one dollar may vote in this
election.
WAA Dinfier March 26
As the cUlihinatidii of winter sports W. A* -A. wlli hold its anntial Sporte baiiqdet ThUrddAy, March ^5, at 6 5’cidCk in the il6nie Ecd-^ noniics Building. Any dd-ed, whether she is a iriember of the organization or not, may attend this banquet. Louise Burkle, chairman of the social committee, wiB act as toastmistress. The program will include the awarding of class numerals and mortdgfams; and stunts presented by the victorions class teams in basketball and volleyball.
Dpiiilk Milk for More IBnorgy
Col JOHNSON ■ Phone- ■ 4I3Sa
BHIk is your best fo4d— it’s packed full Of nutritive eleirtents tbat your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
*S DAIRy
Will Review Book For Women's Glob
Mrs. G. C. Brandenburg will review Ralph Berry’s new biography, “The Thought and Character of William James”, this afternoon at 2:30 o’clock at a meeting of the literature section of the Purdue Women’s club in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Members of the literature section and their friends are invited. Professor Kidd, of the English department, will speak on April 15, on “Seeing America with the Novelist”. This discussion has been postponed from time to time due to weather conditions.
Ward 2 Wins In
Go-ed Basketball
Ward 2 won the last game of the co-ed intramural single round robin basketball tournament yesterday from the Kappu Kappa Gamma’s by a score of 35 to 26.
Prof. Meta Martin, of the home economics extension staff, who has been on a six months’ leave of absence to take advance study at Col umbia University in New York, has returned to the University to resume her duties.
Palais Royal
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING
Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity announces the pledging of N. C. Dulivich, Mishawaka, and J. E. Wat son, East St. Louis, HI.