m
‘ \ * S j!!('‘*'<f.r
/ U i
J
lAli
y
C<iitoriaf: Red Cross ^inds That Our Patriotic Coeds Prefer Wine Cola
Established 1889
x/oxmeM ^ Daily Since 1906
Boilermaker Thinftes^
To Run In Butler Relays This Week-End
Volume 53, No. 138
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, March 11, 1942
Riley, Menke To Lead Boilermaker Net Squad
Wayne Coy To Speak At Convo Tomorrow
Lions Present Plaque To Lambert; Team Elects Sprowl Most Valuable
Coeds Will Choose
qiie m^lMTOH MeRRY-QO-ROUHi
University Will Excuse
Students At 10:50 A.M.
By Drew Pearson and Robert S Allen
AFL-CIO Politicians Vie For Secretary Of Labor Positions
WASHINGTON Much 11 — Some time hos passed since the Piesident fimlly centiolized U S ^V^t indubti^ in i single executive but the piobkm of woi Inboi id ministiation is still in unsolved mess One gieit tiouble is that supei vision of this vitil field is divided among i numbci of offici ils e leh jealous of the othei s ind ill sciamb ling to be top dog Chiel BC'rambkrs irt Stcrtfaiy Prances Perkins, whose rtcoril is one ot the sourest botches iii the Administiation uid whose rclen tion in the eabuiet is one of the great mysteiies of W ishington The other scramblers ire I eder il Seciiiitv Vdminisfr ilor I’lul McNutt, restless iiul imbitious lor a big pi lee w ii job Siiliuy Hillman ex 0PM boss uul head of the labor division ol tlie W ii Production Hoard Also in the tangled pieluie is W ii Pioduction Chief Don ild Nelson who insists that w u 1 iboi ulmin istiation be undei his eontiol And then Ihcie ue the API and CIO who wint to get then h inds on con tiol so they have cool eel up the stiategy of dem ineling th it \\ u 11 boi be piilTn the I iboi Deputment wheie they lule the loost Howcvei Nelson end Hillman who see eye to eye pi in to estab lish a Man Povvei agency undti Nelson which woiilel h lyc supci vision over all piobkms of liboi le 1 king to wu pioduction except the settlement of industnil elisputes This IS being hanellcel by the W u I iboi Boaid This pi in appioieel at i closed dooi session ol the W u Pioduction Boaiel list weel is be irig toimally submitted to the Pies ident now This will put squaieU up to him the choice between Ncl on Hillm in end the political scheme dem inekel by the APL CIO with the seciet hacking ol Miss Pcil ins • AFL-CIO Politics
All students \Vill be excused from classes at 10 50 tomorrow mofmng in order that they may attend the Student Wai Council convocation Hn the Music Hall, at which time Wayne Coy, hason officer for the Office of Emergency Management, and special administrative assistant to President Roosevelt, will speak on “Amei lea at Wai ” Wayne Coy is Indiana born and gi aduated fiom Pi inklin College whole he woikcd on the school pa pel He continued his jouinalistie eiieci by buying the Delphi Stai ind he solved is its editoi foi a numbci of ycais befoie becoming undei secietaiy in 193 J to P nil V McNutt then Goveinoi of Indiana Dunng the foui yens he acted in this c ipacity ho was ilso piomi nent in Indiana iclicf woik being head ot NYA and WPA Politic il Interests His political intcicsts weic tin thciod when he iccompanied Me Nutt to the Phihppirles when the fpimei goveinoi went theic as Commissionei genei il Coy i e mained theic foi two yens hut le tinned to the United States in oi del to eontinue his scivice uridti the sime min Because ol his ex celknt political tiaining iiid ex pel lonee Coy now i inks is one ol the top men in the administiative field and holds a vitil position un del Piesident Roosevelt 1 hough only 117 pounds of m in Coy m in (Iks i tiemcndous imount ol woik ind his shown unlimited eipieities Ills job IS of i eonfidentiil natuu so his woik is seldom piihlici/ed f oy will spe ik it the Univeisity tomoiiow in iiis^vei to in invit ition extended by Piesident Plliott ind will then eontinue his tup west to Ripid Citj la wheie he will spe il heloic the (itys Chimhii of Com
Co-Captain
Co-Captain
Amid the background of one of the most highly successful Basketball Banquets in the long series of Lions Club sponsored occasions, over 300 placers, coaches, and filends of Purdue athletic^ met to honor the past season’s haidwood squad last night in the Union balliooms and to give special lecognition to the great man who has been at the helm ot Purdue basketball for a quarter of a century, the inimitable Ward L Lambeit At the same time the announcement was made of the election by the team oi A1 Menke, of Huntingburg, and Bob Riley, of West Lafayette, as co-captams foi the 1942 43 season Frosty Sprowl, stellar high scoring forward from Oblong, 111, was voted the “Most Valuable”
award by his teammates foi the second consecutive year He will compete with players Horn the nine other Big Ten schools foi the “Most Valuable Playei in the Big Ten” awai d given annually by WGN Professor Robeit Phillips acted for the second consecutive ycai as toastmaster of the occasion, adding action and timely wit to the piogram Piesident Edwaid C Elliott pie sented Coach Waid Limbeit with in illuminated text testimonnl piichment oi indestuictable vellum i lasting piosentation tiom the tiustees the piesident the faculty and the students of Puiduc Univci sity The h indsomc paichment was insciibcd in pait ‘To maik the completion of distinctive and de voted sei vices is coich of the has ketball teams lepiosenting Puidue Univcisity and to signaliye his piceminent leadeiship in the de vclopmont of those quilities of men th it mike foi victoiy in hie as
well as athletics
New Group Heads Croll, Van Gorkom To Run For AWS Offices;
McCrary, Peterson To Vie For YWCA Posts
Bob Rilei of West I if ijctte has served on the team is guard lor the 1 iht two ve irs
Diieetoi ol AtlikLies Red Mackey miking his fust public appealanee sii ee signing foi his new job gave one ot the highlight speeches pledging his whole heaited eoopeia tion towaid fht betteimcnt of Pm due
Annual elections fot offices m AWS, YWCA, and WAA, the three majoi women’s organizations on the campus, will be held in the Great Hall of the Union between Sam. and 6:30 p m today All coeds aie privileged to vote upon presentation of passports at the election
Big Ten To Debate On Good Neighbor
March 13-14
Polity
Thud in the senes of Western Confoience Debating Leagues meetings will meet heie on Maich 13 ind 14 to considei cunent pi oh lems These discussions were plan ned at the beginning of the school yeai to supplement the legulai pio giam ol intci scholastic debate In addition to the llniversity Iowa Minnesota, Chicago and In diana Univeisities have enteied the discussion and othei s may piecede the deadline Ihe piohlem foi dis cussion lb How ein we best im
posts Nominees for YWCA posts aie Caroline McCrai^y and Vi* vian Peterson for president; Betty Evans and Cindy Hague for secretary, Lois Veit and Chan Ball foi treasurer AWS Candidates AWS candidates aie Florence Croll and Jane VanGorkom for president Nelda Byium and Dons Dombey for secietaiy, Ruth Holden and Jean Thompson for treasuiei, Emily Lloyd and Lois Veit foi junioi representative, Julia Jones and Mary Lou Stenberg for sophomoie repiesentative New AWS officers will have chaige of the society’s piogram for next yeai This piogram will mcliule fieshman counseling, the vo-
plement the Good Neighboi Policy ‘^^tional guidance confeience, mar- — that is best piomole coopeiation kctuies the annual Gold Digand Inendship among the Pan other special proAmci lean Nations Officeis will attend the nation- „ , , , . , il AWS convention at Ohio State I’levious meetings weie held at tt t u " HT TT Univeisity in Columbus, Ohio, ofer-
iiig Apiil
A1 Menke of Huntingburg will plaj his last season ot varsity ball next jeai due to (he new Uni versify pi in to finish school in three
Iowa and Minnesota The Univei sity team foi this event is composed of SIX pel sons and is coached by R II Hoin ot the Speech depait
meiit
Anderson Addresses
AlCliE Session Tonight
At 7:30 In EE Building
Sixteen Winning Bridge Teams Will Play Second Round In Two Sessions
On the suifacc ALL CIO mo gills uc united in ulvoc iting th it wai lilioi ulministi ilion he pi iced 111 the I ihoi Dcpulimnt — fiom which it w IS once tikcii bicuisc of Miss Pcikiiis f emus loi hunglmg But piivatcly tlicj dillci widely on who is^o he the ultim itc boss C Cl tun ClOeis ire qiiieth pushing l)i John R Steelm in head of flu U S I iboi ( oneili ition Stiviee to leplue Miss Pel kins IS Steiefarv of 1 ihoi Steelm in is i jiood (iitiul of Fohn I lewis who owe his closed hop vutoij in the eiptivc niiius to Steelm 111 All nun on (he oflui hind ue hukiii) As sistanf I ihoi Seeieluj I) ui hi (See Ml Rin (.() ROUND pige >)
Sixteen winning pans oi the budge tomn imcnt sponsoied by the Union will pi ly then second g imcs in two sessions one it 1 p m Sat mdiy Much 14 ind the othei on Sitmdu Much 21 inioom JG i of the Union Noith Squth winners ue Steins ind Wentwoith Dunn ind W isson Moelki ind P ishlc y Giidnei ind Sells Gillette ind L iddom South miyd iiid Mel/Cl Slumei ind Woi sky Pclsoi ind Kinlnoi Winnois List West lie Andeison uul Lv uis Roth ind Lv ins Zmimeimin iiid (oombs Kiisch ind Johnson Moi in and Nielson Ridoux and Bosniid II imlu I uul Re uk Rum hie uul Dike In e ISO my one m m oi i pan c iiiiioL 111 it eilhei of lh( iin il scssi iis his paitnci ni ly piocmo 1 suhstilute ind eontinuo All such sulistituLions should be lopoitcd to the Tomn uncut Diieetoi In cisc both numheis of i te im no un ibh t) pi IV the \ will be disqu ilificd
Poiiest A Andeison ol the Wil 1 sens Andeison Company will spe ik to the student ch iptei ot the Ameiicin Institution of Chemieil Fngineeis tonight at 7 10 in loom 129 oi the Llectiical rngineciing Building Andeison will spe ik on Industivs Ch ilkiigi to (lumuil rdue ition The Wilksons Andeison Com pany located in Chicago manufac lines scientific ind industiial lib 01 itoiv supplies indchemicils An del son Ins visited miny industiiil ind univeisity scientific laboi itoi les in coniioetion with his woik uul IS iicsulthelns icquii cd iiitoi m i lion conecining the meeh lines of gtltiiig uul holding i job which should be ot inteiest t) all ehemis ti V students who c xpect to gi id u ito this M n All chemieil enginecis and ehem istiy students ue in/itcd to ittcnd tlu nueting
Coach Wild Limheit bumni a i/ed the pist seabon commending Highly the mcmbois ot the teim espeiiilly the eight semois foi then fine wioik dining the pabt season riii" was one ol the good tcamb which I have coached flu Boiloimikci mentoi commented Assistant vusity coach Mol Tuibe give the expeiicnces ot the m in closest to the fincbt basket bill eoieh in the eountiy Dutch 1 ehiing intioduced the momheib ot the fieshmin tcim who ue being iwudid numei ils uul spoke of then splendid efioits in the pit months (luud Cecil Polk one ol the finest delenbive plijeis developed in the eonfeicnce spoke in the ah sence ol letiiing Ciptain Don Bliiilcn on Basketball as I See (roiilimud ( 11 p ig( Ij
FCC Radio Inspector Meredith Club To Hold Positions Now Open
Elections This Friday Senior ee Majors
WAA Candidates Coeds entered m today’s election foi WAA posts are Jane Blank and Gail Henms foi president, Beatrice Bueiglei and Ruth Walker foi viCie* piesident, Evelyn Schubei and Je&n Steigeiwald foi secretary, and Elizabeth Baughman and Dona Bowel foi tieasiuei
Viigimi C Meieditli Club home economics oig uu/ ition will hold its aniiu il election ol ofliceis Piidiy Mai 13 in the Home Economies Building Memlii ot the club m ij vote iioni 8 i m (o 4 Op m Nominations iicastollows pios ident Mabel V lughan and Silly Belli tieismei M u tli i McCulloch ind Betty Shively speicLuy Mai thi Riggs uul Alin Busby senior lepiesent itivo Betty Blown Doii.s Bowel Doiothy Aividson ind J me Blink jumoi icpiesciitative Libby B luglim in Jo in Bed nei uul Betty Young sophomoie icpiesont itive Su7 uiiu Killinger uul Dons Sket
Science Seniors
those pi inning to gridiiitc in M IV call it my olTiee this week to fill out forms rel.iting to your gi ndu ition —DESN PNDLRS
Acacia
social liateimtv announces 'the pledging oi the following men Albeit B McCulloch Chailestown Pichud I fiiekei Iiuliinipohs indRoheitC Youi g Vit eenncb
Personal Writings, Old Manuscripts Compose Gilbreth library Donation
Seniois majoiiiig in electncal oi communication engineeiing and physics 01 gi iduite students in eommmiication engineeiing whose woil will he completed befoie Oc tohci 1 1912 ae eligible to ipply loi positions aceoidmg to an an iiouncement lecoived fiom the Civil Seivice Commission Salaiies of the i iclio inspectois lange tiom |2 000 to “112 600 and the maximum ige is 45 yeais All ap plicants must be able to tiansmit and lecoive messages in the Intei national Moise Code Duties ot these positions involve ladio inspec tion woik of ill kinds including m spcction woik on ships aiiciaft and it vaiioub luul stitions to deter mine eompliinee with goveinment specification Application blanks may be oh tamed liom postoffices oi tiom the United States Civil Seivice Com mission W ishington D C All ap pile itions must he filed with the Civil Seiyice Commission in Wash iiiglon not 1 itei th m Api il 21 1942
Dammon, Coolidge Will Confer With High School Seniors On Future Plans
Cl II ence E Damtnon, director of Admissions at the University, and MibS Claie Coolidge assistant dean ot women, will he m South Bend tomorrow and Fridav for the purpose ot conferimg with high school seniois on then plans after graduation In oidei that the high school student may eleaily undeistand the
piobldms lacing him after graduation the University sponsors a se«
Exponent Board
Bj Don lid (il ispic
Student Guild Holds
Discussion Tonight
lliil'iinsi! rnr.iiirs!
Ddense leetmt Rost Wu I (oiiomie Riolilenis bv Riol I A Lsfev originallj sihediikd (oi I iiday Maieh 13 has Ixeii postponed imfil Iiulij Much 20 It will In held in Fli/i I owl CM irall if 4 pm
Stu kilt Alt Gui! I will lu Id flu fiisL of iLs moiitlilv open disdission nu( lings loni lit it S 15 m lonii 2(1 ol tlu Union Rioi T uiuiif/ S 1 ml/ II iiisi n lu 1 I ( I 111 (Il pulnuiil (f Apjilied Disigii will In tl c guest speukti Pi ol Seh ml/ 11 insi n s ti jne w ill he Contempoi uv Anuiic in Punt 111 iltci which she will uiswei (liKstions ot the ludiineo conecin in lit topics Reficshmonts will he seived aftei the meeting
C ilhielh I lb uv winch loc ited 111 loom 105 of lleivilon Hill is (pen to Uiiveisitv students liom 8 to 12 i m and fiom 1 to i p m i ich wed (11V Moiidiv tiuou h I I (I IV T he 1 ibini v dim Red to the 111 IVll itV ll out two veils 1^0 i nt ims looks poiiolicils and II u 11 ) t w lu ll w 11 1 u mei ly III pi I ( n ll liln 11 V >1 till 1 lie I I 111 Buiil (I (dill th 111 I I IS will Di lilliiii M (iilliiilli Will I now 11 on III (in pus i i pi ol i s lu ol 111 111 UI m 111 I lu I I I 1 V ( I I ms 1 ll i I I mldiiu ((nLiiiting sv Lcni itii pt OK dines gnu ill luismiss mm igeiiieiit hvgiine psyehology uul ninth (1 igiii ll liistoi le il I it i on the (kvilopinint ol miiiomolion stu Ij Among Ills eolketion ol juisonil books a e tlu 1 lans letions of Ameiieiu Society ot Miehamtal
I iiginceis tiom 1910 to 192G in elusive Mmv ot the libi uv books weie wiitten by eithei Liank B Gilbioth Ol Di Lillian M Gilbieth Ol hj both IS to luthois Some of the hooks ue vciy old uul mmv have boon lutogiaphed bv the ui II Ol linking them pi i/i volumes Be g m Is ( imli atfoi T 1 ml B Gilhitills (Illy husi ness letivitiis vecic i i huikimg Lonti letoi hut he w is putieululy mil I (slid 111 system itie methods loi ill Ivpisol woil 1 ifei lu coil unti ill I elmllv ipoii motnii sludv mil hi c mil flu pnmti in lint liel I lit w is vvililv 1 nown loi his I hi ise 1 lu Dill best w iv Ills liohhv hicimt motion uul I itigiu stndv Ik felt tint tlu gieitpieh km in (his field consisted ol fill lilting the (kvdoimient oi hum ui denunts with the development oi povvei michiiies uul bettci meth od He was also v majoi in Woild !
W 11 I mil tiavekil cxtmsivdv in othoi paiLs of the win 11 Studies Models Gilbieth condude 1 mmv expcii ments on motions ol the hum in 1 odv uul oven wint so lai is to develop models iiom which one cm stiidv motions loi the utmost et fieunev Uc tool stcicoseopie pho to„i ijihs ol liighlv dlicient opei i tils ^oiiq lluougli (lu motions ot doing then woil ml iioin these pitLuies lu eoiistiudid wiie models whuli ue u 111 to msliml mdivid I 1 so llnl tl V nnv piiekly II 111 V till I nev n I n woi 1 Uni 111 II \ I I n Ih III w 111 I ll V mil ll ink I lu I m s Id i ll u i in 111 Sniitl n m I nsl i t uk iL \\ islim I m D ( Mifeinl in Uu liliuv iinv he used I ut must not he le moved lioiii Uu loom A tuii index is tie u ing completion uul it i(lin„ tables at if the disp vs ll ot the bUulcnt
llioic will he a meeting ot the senioi uul t leiiltj mcmbeis ot the I xponent bo ird m the confer enee room of the Agneiiltinal I xpenment Station Ihuiseiaj March 12 it 1 p m Oehilti ee
1 les ot discussions annually m many oi the laigei high schools of the state In these discussions the student lb given a clear idea of wh&t each of the standaid college cur* iiciili offeib so that he may decide in what field he is most fitted te entei At each oi the high schools attended by Dammon and Miss Coolidge the individual students ire given the oppoitumty of a persoiial confeience to deteimine it the student bhould tiuthei his ioxmal edtte Ition 01 go into anothei vocation iltei giaeiii Ition
Ordnance Delegate Interviews Seniors
Debris Editorial Holds
Callout For Freshmen
Today tomoiiow ind Fiiclay the Debus editoual bt ift will hold e ill outs toi tiebhmin woiktis The c illouts will tile j)l let tiom 4 to 5 0 e leh iftiinom m the Debus c lUce 1 m 1 ) I t! c Uuu u At the e illouts 111 mheis ol Uu jimni uul seiii u e litoi i il st iff w ill explim the duties ot the tieshmeii these meetings will be mtoimilanel ottei oppentunitieb ten Uu tiesh men to meet the editoib and woik CIS ot the piesent stilt \.ll liesl^
men ue invited to attend
Oielniiice Depaitment ot Rochqtttci N \ IS sending a representative to the e unpus today to thteis view semois uiLeitbltd m securing m ehimeal eleetueal, and civil engine King iiobitions in the Rochestei Oulu uiee Distiiet covering tha (Utile stite ot New Yolk Seniors mteiesteil m in inteiview majr seKue line lv signing in the Persoaiiel Otliet llitse civil stiviet appointmeilla come undei the elasbification of P-l Jumoi Puvtessional Engineers and will p ij '))2,000 per yeai WorkwHl be as eugitietimg assistants, to heads oi the vauous material tienib m the inspection division.
¥. J
if i
i ■4 \ PtiPam EJepofimt
tii,tw^trfrfrr*wp^Mpm.m^y‘'*>-^''’r^1f^*y--c*’fir
<r^ ■
Wednesday, March 11
,<
" t >, U
triotit Coeds? Thelre’s ho doubt about it; Purdue’s coeds Ate an UtnUzihg' and unpredictable bunch In the middle of January they surprised the campus with their interest in national def|hhe. They chi oiled in all kinds of defen^^O courses, and 176 of them \olunteered for a coed Red Cross unit sponsored by the Student 0hion. On the suiface it appealed as if the #6men students were going to contribute ittore'than theil share to the war effort, but thfe**lttendance recoid^ of the Red Cross unit t^tfa diflfeient stoiy On January 28 the unit staited to woik in the Union basement with only 11 coeds reporting. Nine attended the iieXt day, and oh January SO the attendance rbcord was set— 18^ of those who signed for Red Cross work wandered into the Union basement Since that time the number has decieased steadily, the average for the period since January 28 is ap-
proximately four a day—only 2.3 per cent of the ITS Volunteering for work with the eoed Red Cross unit The common excuse offered by the coeds for the poor attendance is that they were asked to prepare surgical dressings “We want to knit sweaters and socks,” they explain, “no one wants to roll bandages.” Perhaps rolling bandages isn’t as glamorous as knitting sweaters, but if it weren’t for the surgical dressings, some of our soldiers would*n’t bd able to Wear those sweaters the coeds would like to knit. Red Cross work is one of the best ways in which Women can do their part m this way, but evidently Purdue coeds aren’t interested. Perhaps when they are finally driven from the Sweet Shop by the cough syrup taste of Wine Cola, they will turn to the less entertaining task of preparing surgical dressing for lack of something better to do
u
niv^rsitv Ca
lendar
Wednesday, March
\ n
7 00 P M
—Cbrtification Inspectors Tram-
mg
Room 104, Ag Hall
7iS0 P M
-‘-Mati'i&ge Course
Room 304, Union
7*30 PM
—Eta Kappa Mu Shroker
Room 363, Ulliiott
7 30 PM
—A I Ch E Meeting
Room 129, EE Bldg
7 30 PM
—Graduate Dames Fust Aid
Classes
Room 302, ChE. Bldg
Sfewarf To Inspect Cold And Black Research Projects Pugilist Squad In Defense Plants Battles To Tie
Hfprry^Got-Round (Continued fiom page 1) cVi former head of the 4FL electrical i^orlcCfs The innei Administiation woid is that while Roosevelt finally has de eided to accent Miss Pei kins’ long ovbidue resignation, he insists that <=ome othei good paMttg job be found foi the ladj So the dll cctoi ship oi the Intel national Laboi Office has been sug geSted foi Miss Pei kins It pays $18,000 a jeai, S3 000 moie than hel piesent sdlalj But when foi eign membei s of the Laboi office Were oueiicd, licic ttac the reply of one “I don’t see whj an organi/a tion dedicated to the mission ol promoting international labor cooperation, should become the aompittg grourtd of an unwanted Attierican political appointee — and a hot ver> coihpelent one at that ” Note Undeicovei hand that put ovei the appointment of L Metcalfe Walling, young Rhode Island so Cialite, as Wage Houi Adniinistra tor ■ftas Lee Piessman, leftwing gOheral cofinsel of the CIO and close intimate of John L Let\is Walling was Miss Peikms’ choice but she was unable to get anywheie^ until PrefesAiah prevailed on CIO piesi dejtt^Phil Murray to endoise Wall mg* • Churchill Oh Courting Officials of the Biitish Supply Council are still chuckling oeei an ilhrecorded incident of Winston Churchill’s visit to Canada Theie is a deep plush mg in the Government House at Ottawa, fa mous foi geneiating static elechic ity in the human bodj, so much ‘•o that spaiks aie sometimes visible when two persons shake bands The phenomenon ta«einated the Bi itish Piime Mimslei “I’ve nevei seen anything like it before,” he told a naval aide “We don’t ha\e ‘-uch phenomena in Lon don ” While the offieei was explaining that the human spaiks weie partly dug to Canada’s cold dry climate, the attractive youhg wile of a gov eihment official tiotted up and in tioduced hciseli 4s they shook hands, the Piime Ministei felt a shaip shock M^heelmg, he asked the office! “I sa>, doesn’t this sort of thing make courting rather difficult in Canada’” • Capital Chaff Keep an eye on Ruth Biyan Owen Rohde, daughtei of W’liliam Jen nings Bryan, foi the dueetoiship of the pioposed Women’s AiUciliaiy Coips Ruth, who was once Roose velCs Mirtistei to Denmark spent seveial veais as a nuise in Egjpt during the last wai, latei was see letaiy of the Aineiiean Women’s Wai Relief Fund Mis Waiien Lee Pieison, wife of the Expoit Inipoit Bank diieetoi has wiittcn a new mysfeiy novel on Washing ton, “The Defense Rests” Thanks to lower lates and eaietul efficiency, the lailioads have been
doing a bang Up job of iilsliing fuel oil and gasoline to the East Coast since the tankei sinkings Biggest wastei of papei in Washington IS the Dutch piopaganda setvice, more gairulous in deluging news men w ith expensively pi inted handouts than ahy othei publicity shop EveiyOne is 100 pei cent behind the Dutch, legaidlOss of the hand outs Haiold Tittmann, U S diplomat attached to the Vatican, IS almost a piisonei His lelatiolls with the Vatieah Uie excellent, but since the Vatican is entuely suilounded by Italy, with which we aie at Wai he cannot got out Raiest aulogi iphcd modem book is a copy of ‘ Into Battle” by Winston Chuichill, which bears the aiitogi iphs o1 both Churchill and Roosevelt Wallei Winchell is auctioning it oft lot the benefit of Navy Relict • Who Defeated France? Pieiie Cot) foimer An Ministei in the Blum cabinet, is living in exile in Washington It he letuined to Fiance he would be killed Of the Rion tiial of his colleagues, Cot
sajs
“The tiial is a moekeiy These man have already been condemned to life implisonrnertt Petaih cotidemned them last Novembei Then only hope Is the libeiation ot Fiance The tiial was designed to place lesponsibility for defedt on the Populai Piont Instead, it is being tlansfoiined into an accusation of Petain himself “Thioughout the changing gov einlnents of France, Petam is the only man who has leinained in coh stant authority in lecont icais He made no protest against policies of the Populai Flout In fact, he once actually vetoed a pioposal foi in creased defense “In December, 1936, I presented a plan tor an Ohlaiged an foice, but the Peimanent Committee toi National Defense, of which Petain was the head, iejected the propo
sal ”
(Copyiight 1942 b> United Pea tiue Syndicate, Inc ) University Church To Hold Blackout Party Blackout Pally will be held at the Lnlve^Plt^ Piesbytcnan Chinch on Endav, Mai eh 15 The paitieipants in the “blackout” will meet in the lounge of the chinch at 7 45 p m to get equipment and instmCtions which they will need toi the night Attei this nil cling the gioup will adjourn to the lecieation loom wheio ration eaids will be issued foi 1 tfi eshments Lveiyone is in vited to shaie in the fun and tiolic
Today On WBAA
9 65 News 10 10 The Cm 10 Man 10 16 Morning Melodies 10 30 WBAA Rresenis 10 46 Theatie oi Song 10 56 News 11 00 “NeWspapei and Magazine Aiticle Writing” with Prof J H McKee I 11 50 PUidtie Nows 11 56 News 12 00 Agiicultural Eoium 12 30 Meet the Banij 12 55 News 1 00 “Punciples of Sociology”— PiOf T K Noss 1 45 Maikets 1 65 News 2 00 Stoiy a Day 2 15 “You Can’t Do Bnsuiess with Hitlei” 2 30 Moods m Music with Mis C W Hemmei 2 55 News 3 00 New Haimony Piogiam 3 16 June Kllel, pianist 3 30 Organ Moods 3 65 News 4 00 Tea Time Tubes 4 46 The Curio Mah 4 50 Music 4 55 News 6 00 Tlist Relax 5 30 Vespers 5 45 Little Miss Mutfetl 5 S6 News 6 00 Dinnei Horn 6 30 Spoitls Review G 46 Music 6 55 News 7 00 Symphony Hall 7 55 News 8 00 What’s Art To Me ’ 8 l5 Ruth Ralston, smgel 8 30 Fiom the Pi ess Box With Stew Wolfe 8 45 Eventide Echoes 8 56 News 9 00 Musicana 9 56 Nbms 10 05 Off the Alt
Daily Health Service Report
Triangle
social iiateinity, announces the ilection of the following offi ccis picsident Ed Lei\cicki, vice pies, lohfi Bmck, houseman, Don Sutlieiland, stewaid, Rogei Kolb, til asm ei Cliff Tones, iccoiding sieictaij, Koimil Smith, cones ponding societaly, Dan Sanlini
fiuhdua, £xf2omnjL All-American 1940-''41
i^tered as second class matter at the post office in Lafajette, Indiana, uAder the act of Congress of^arch 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage pronded for in section 1103. act ot October 3, ViWn authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and wiwkly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by earner tor $3 50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
Xditor-fn Chief News Editor Ktiorts Editor
Ned A Ochiltree Rusineas Manatrer John I— TrauKott Managins; Editor Phil Johnson Coed Editor
Don S Powers Leland W RnOiier Rath Ross
Publication Staff Aaeociate Ethtora ISdltorUI Btsff J F Amoa J H Armatronsr D T Bropby, R L. Hadley F I Jonea L G Kieper OjHirls Stair O T Clark J D f roaer J S Keeler Coed Staff Mary K Boynton Alice ChatfieW Jane Samsdell
Business Staff Coed Buaineas Manager. Donna Sieas Office Manageri Lee Rosaong Local Advertiaing Managers iK X Gjemre, R. E Saxton, Circulation Manager W T' Bell, Accounts Manager. W D Millard Junior Coed Managers Jean Frankenberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin
PhoiMK: Edltoritl and Businest^ 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M , 5377
Repreaented for national advertising by NhttoOBl Advertising Service Inc College Fubllahers Representatives, 420 Madiaoh Ave New York, N Y
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor Smith Day Editor Ahrens
Issue Editor Votlk faporta Editor biiryer
Reporters; Miilinlill Stan Curoll Froliwan Vigli Sta bik Field ring M irion iSulji Laiai dustman Koquemori
R B SteiVait, UmvelSity con tvollei, left yesterday on a tians continental inspection ti ip as a special investigktoi loi the Office of Scientific Reseklch and Developmefit of the Federal GoVerhmeAt SleWAtt (vill be rn PittsbUr gh today \Vhere he wrll inspect fiscal and plant problems of the Carnegie In stitute of Technology Tomoiiow he will be in Washington, D C , working with the office of Scientific Re search and Development and the United States General Accounting Office in connection with the problems of the National Academy of Science and the National Research CouAeil On Eiiday, ho will inspect the John Hopkins University at Baltimore and oM Saturday the Uttivoi sity of Pennsylvania at Philadelphia Stewart will spend Monday in Phoenix, Arizona, inspecting the An Cl aft Flight Research and Pilot Tiaiiiing program at that center with a view of bringing back data for use ih planning future Operations and development ot the Univeisity aiipoit From Phoehix he will go to Los Ahgeles and San Francisco wheie he will spend Tuesday inspecting the defense projects ot the Univcr Sity of California On Wednesday he will contiAue his lAspection at San Diego, California, and then boaid a plane tor Chicago, airiving home Thuisday noon The leport on Stewart’s inspec tion tup will cohtam recoinmeirda tions upoh which new research con tracts will be considered tor the next fiscal year G. S. Wykoff Writes Two Recently Printed Articles Plot George S Wykoff of the English department is the authoi ot two aitides which have lecently been published One of the ai tides, “Fieshman Composition Without Class At tendance An Experiment ” appears in the Much 7 issue ot “School and Society ’ and describes an expeii ment earned on by the English De paitment The other appears in the wmtei numbei ot the ‘ Pcnnsylvan la Magazine ot History and Biogia phv” and discusses the content of a mi-jundcistood lettei in the works of Benjamin Pianklin PYfRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Coach Joe Benna and his battling Boilermaker boxers fought to a 3 3 tie with St Joseph College last Monday night at Valparaiso Benna’s boys won victoiies in the 145, 166, and 105 pound classes, While they suffered defeats in the other* three weight classes Captain Boughan and Don Elfin, of the Black and Gold team, won then bouts and remained undefeAted tor the season Both of these veterans had little trouble in downing then opposition. This victory over St Joe helped sooth the loss that BentiA’s pllheh01 s stiffoled at the hands of Valparaiso University last Week Valpo took the decision by a scant 4 to 3 i-2 score m a battle that got pretty gory in places Coach Benna Will take his battlers to the State Boxing Tourney which IS to be held at Valparaiso, next Fiiday and Saturday, March 13 and 14 As to the Outlook of the affair, Benna believes that Stan Atz, Gus Boughan, and Don Elfin may secure some state trophies fbi the Boilermakers Many of the state colleges are eAteled lA this tourney so Some stiff Competition will be on hand to gleet the Riveter aggregation The summaiy for the St Joseph match IS as follows 120 lbs—Hugh Bowles (P) lost to Jim McKenna (V) 135 lbs—Frank Alexander (P) lost to Don Kindig (V) 145 lbs—Stan AtZ (P) beat Bill Caslos (V) 165 lbs—Gus Boughan (P) beat Ralph Stinger (V) 165 lbs—Eddie Rydei (P) lost to Jim Kelpheke (V) 175 Ibb Don Elfiin (P) beat Steve Runchy (V)
ATO Will Hold Dinner Dance In Indianapolis Alflha Tan Omega fraternity will hold its annual state dinner and dance in the Riley Room of the Ciaypool Hotel, Indianapolis, on Saturday, Maich 14 Hi of J J Davis, head of the entomology department, Will act as toastrtiastei ot the dinner, which starts at 5 p m Alumni To Attend ’ The aftaii is beihg sponsored by the five chapters in Province XVII ot the fiateimty These chapters are located at the University, Indiana University, University of Illinois, DePalnv University, and Rose Polytechnic Institute The alumm members of the fraternity through out the state and middle west Will also participate Trophies for scholarship, singing, and attendance Will be awarded at the dinnei The winner of the Thomas Aikle Clark awaid for 1942 Will be announced This award is given annually to the outstand irtg senior in the province of the fraternity The dinner will be preceded by a reception for distinguished guests at 4 n m in the mezZanme room of the Ciaypool The formal dance is to start at 9 30 p in
LAST DAY MNE WITHERS
- I Fifteen New MemEM KaMla Sigmaj SoeWP MlfeHnw announces the initiation of DaVlSj Ghidagb, Illv{ Graham, Evansville;. Paul ter, River Forest, 111 , Kfiyiti^nd Michaels, River Forest, 111; AlHsoh, Elkhart, Jack BtUan, gansport, Jack Klihh, Phillip Harris, Oak Park, HI i dall Ford, Towson, Mcl ; AleX Thompson, Buffalo, N Yi,^ Jtotiw Whitesell, Lafayette; Johrt twtl EvanstOh, 111John Mad Whert0» Springfield, 111; Jack MeKlnpA, West Lafayette; and Edward WOIIS, QuiHeey, 111 Rifle Club . members Will hold ah irtv* portairt meeting Wednesday p m in Room 104 of the FfeldhoUs^. It IS important that all WeltilferS bd there ' ' i ' ''
GREETING CAROS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Bonk Across FtoM UmitiA Red” SamiHonn *29 “Dflo** ’lO
According to the daily Student Health Seivicc icpoit W S Dick ey Eng ’45 and T E Mai chant, El ’4 5 enter id the St Elizabeth Hospital toi medical treatment, Dons Rockwell, H E ’44, and K E Gilbert, M E ’44 entered the Home Hospital tor medical treatment and suigicil tiealment lespectively Alpha Xi Delta social sol only, announces in itialion ot the following women Maiy Jane Doll, Elkhait, Marvel L Hayes, Ossining, N Y , Helen N Ilenn, Chicago, Ann Larimer, Washington, D C , Dorothy N Ni col, Nokomis, 111 , and Betty L
Young, Naincoki, 111
DR PAUL A RISK DR luthEr a Risk DR HAROLD ) RISK — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Main St Lafayette
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
DANCE RECITAL TUES., MARCH Hth 8 00 P M PUBLIC INVITED ADMISSION FREE CHILDREN'S CLASSES OPEN SAT., MARCH 21st Classes Divided According to Age Ballet—T ap—Ballroom
Jim Wai ley
executive ot the Activities Biucaii his announced that petitions aie due on Thuisday, March 10 and that electrons will be held on Thuisday Maich 26 The form that the petitions must follow is posted on the bulletin boaid of the Activities Buieau
ALLEN’S
iiHELD OVER
- THRU SATURDAY — 5 IT'S ALL FUN AND FIREWORKS'
WOMAN OF THE YEAR iam¥£m
DEFENSE BUY A SHARE IN AMERICA The new United States Defense Savings Bonds and Stamps give all of us a way to take a direct part in building the defenses of our country* This IS the American way to provide the bniioua needed so urgently fbf National Defense* United States DEFENSE SAVINGS BONDS and STAMPSv'l
ikit 4
I'bday 'vtrfe ktk honored to present a column writ* i«i by p|u(ir.1sood friend, Professor Pfanh C. Httcketilia, dtesistartt to iS^'Pfcesideptj'and one of Purdud’s most loyal boosters. Welcome to thd siitfrts bage, Professor Hockemd.)
Wednesday, March 1942
Pif# i
^ Wltd's Who In World Baakotball
Ward Le^vVis Lambert, Dean of Pasketball: bdrn May 28, 1888, Dead Mfoodr fenntb Dakota; graduated from Wabash College in 1^11 with an (Dhemisti’y; attended the University of Minnesota 1911-1912; Insttuifetdr in Physics and Chemistry and Coach of Athletics at Lebanon tUgk'^dhool 1912-1916; came ttt Purdue University in September, 1916, as coach and Assistant Coach in Football, Swimming, and fi[asaballj, served >h the United states Army 1917-1918 as Lieutenant in Pibld ATtillery and was Athletic Director at Camp Taylor; returned to Purdue hi 1918 as Basketball Coach and Assistant Coach in Baseball, Sjdlbtball, and^ Swimming; Baseball Coach 1926‘‘193'?; Associate Professor of Plryslcal Education 19^16-1939; Professor of Physical Education
Big League Diamond Clubs Begin Exhibitions By Dave Shryer With the training season in full swing the major league baseball clubs have already played off the initial training games and have started their spring exhibition series. From all the camps in Southern California, Texas, and Florida the annual hot stove league gossip is reaching the ears of the nation’s fandom.
Silver Certificate Of Achievement c; •'?’ ( La^Jt plght ajt, tjje Basketball Banquet sponsored by the Lions’ Luncheph CHuhf President Elliott presented Piggy with a certificate which bears the following inscription: The Trusteesi the President, the Faculty " ' and the Studenis of Ptirdiie VMverHty ‘ [ ' > have caused this rceoi'd to be pt'cpared '’v ' foP presentation to WARd LEWIS LAKUBEHT to mark the eompletian^ of Tidbiittf-^ire Vears > of disiiiietinh and devoted services as Oh^^eh of Pasketbalt learns representing the University; do sipnaliee his pi'eeminent leadership in development \ ^^ofAhose qualities of men that make for victory in life \ ' as lOell as in Athletics.
Take Your Pick
Several new manageiial faces ap-
pear at the helms of clubs in botli leagues. In the National League old Hans Lohert replaces Doc Prothio as head of the Philadelphia Phillies. Over in Gotham the popular Giant outfielder, Mel Ott, has taken the reinis tif the New Yoikers, while former manager, Bill Teiiy, has
moved into the front office. In the juhior circuit Luke Sowell,
veteran catcher, once with Washingtbrt and Chicago, now heads the hftpleSs St. Louis Browns. Undoubtedly, hovVever, it will take much,
more than a new pilot to biing the following teams play badBroWnieS out of the doldrums. By nnnton Wednesday at 4 o clock: Phi fat the most surprising selection of Sigma Kappa, Phi Kappa Psi, Beta managers in the majors has been Tbeta Pi, Theta Chi, Tau Epsilon the appointment of Lou Boudreau Kappa Epsilon, Lambda as leader of the Cleveland Indians. Alpha, Delta Tau Della, Kappa
IM Schedules CARY HALL BOWLING
Wednesday
6:80
C. II. 8 vs. C. H. 12. C. H. 4vs. C. H. 7. C. H. 5 vs. C. H. 18. C. H. 6 vs. C. II. 11.
8:30
C. H. 1 vs. C. H. 9. G. H. 2 vs. C. H. 10. C. II. 8 vs. C. H. 14
John Conrad
Delta Rho ,Triangle, Theta Tau,
Kappa Sigma, Sigma Chi,
Ai EItky, ChttirPKfn of the Committee on Athleiia Aj^airs toAVp B, Ross, ' President of the Trustees
R. W. RANEV, President of the Purdue Athletic Council EbWARP C. Elliott, President of the University
tAfwyettc, Itidiana March i0f,^942 "'^’Anniversary, Silver Hair, And Silver Lining ^ rfri^nds throughout the length and breadth of this great counaye diluting: him felicitations on this silver anniversary date. His beCoyrtin^ sllyer»hair shows that he has remained youthful by working with ypUth; ,and h^ has gotten older by ti'ying to keep up with young people. B]tJgy’fer'b oVi^wiy |ight flioh* hearts out for him, because he has a heart. Md matter h^w hai’d an^ tough the going is, Piggy shows the silver lining v^higb shines through the dark clouds ahead. All of us are wishing Piggy a happy and coul'ageous future. He deserves the best, and he is one who will make the best of whatever is in store.
Only 24 years old, Lou has developed into one of the finest infielders
in the circuit. Whether or not his ■■■- sitceess will continue as manager of ,, , . ..i j.
the same team into the field that
a team that lost Bob Feller to the ,.1,3 , r>-ii XT - .1 u 3 11 1 4-1, 3; copped the flag last season. Billy Navy can only be told by the fu- gouthwoith’s St. Louis Cardinals
tm-e.
DiMag Has Contract Trouble
have a young’ fighting squad that is sure to^finish near the top. His great
As Usual most of the clubs are strength lies in a powerful mound
having contract trouble with their staff.
hig’h-salaried players. Joe DiMaggio, the American League’s most
Count In Chi’ And Cincy A definite dark horse in the se-
After defense duties arc done— whether it be Red Cross work or —you will find that the ate of the
,ot
: CAFETERIA m. the Purdue Union is perfect for f daxation. Serve yourself and be sure of getting the best! firndusL Wmuyiicd. Ution. The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
valuable player and a perennial nior circuit is the Chicago ball club holdout, has yet to come to terms piloted by Jimmy Wilson. They with the Yankees. Early in the have strong second year men in week the Yanks announced the many key positions, and if their signing of Bill Dickey, Charley Ruf- pitchers develop, they will be a deffing, Joe Gordon, and Charley Kel- inite contender. The Cincinnati ler, which left only DiMaggio qnd Reds, victors in 1939 and 40, will Red Rolfe unsigned. In spite of be a definite contender if they can their contract difficulties, the Yanks evade the injuries that beset them are heavily favored to cop the flag, last year. In Walters and DerrinIn the National League it looks ger they have two of the league’s like another wide open lace, al- most dependable pitchers, but they though-the dopesters give the Dod- still have the outfield problem that gers and the Cardinals the edge, has caused them trouble in pieviThe boys fiom Flatbush will put ous seasons.
PAUL'S PLACE
BEEF STEAK HOME MADE CHILI
BEEF BARB-Q PORK TENDERLOIN
Phone 2645'
FURNAS ICE CREAM 216 W. Columbia St.
We Deliver
. . . Seniors have completed three years of outstanding play for the Riveters, and were honored at the banquet last night. Both boys learned their basketball in the Hoosier state, and Caress played on the Bedford team that went to the finals in 1938. Conrad hails from the small community of AVest Point, and came to school near his home. He had his best night against the Iowa Hawkeyes, when he played the finest basketball of his career.
T i ¥' T H 8 $ f't-f ^ 1^:*^ i t' P 0% AM
5Q0M4WSI
CLOTHES SHOP’ iNC
Show Promisf In fieldhiMse Practief By Sheyon Watson , With a baseball bombaTiJment on one side and the ^sottnda of spikes arid cinders on the other. Coach Elmer Burnham and his spring football squad took up their second day of spHnil practice, yes'tbrday afternoon 'in the Fieldhouse. Although thS weather outside was as good as any coach could hope for, the gridirOn back of the PieldhoUse was just a bit too “soupy.*'
Coach Burnham will move his gridders to their regular camp when ideal weather prevails. This year’s crop of spring aspirants is all business. They have the spirit and fight that should make history for the Boilermakers next fall. Bolstered by the retuni of some former gridiron greats who had dropped from school, and by Coach Burnham’s ’41 rhinie squad, this year’s varsity roster presents one
of unusual promise.
Burnham—Taube—»Voinoff Along with Coach Burnham on
the coaching staff, are such able assistants as Mel Taube and Sammy
Voinoff. Coach Burnham for
M,
with Bob Hajzky and Fred'Smerke. This quartet showed plenty of speed and deception. One of tike more promising lines that has beett developed so far consists of: Ends —Shimer and McCaffry, Tackles— Warren and French, Guards—Powers and Barwegen, and veteran Center Al Luego. This is no indication as to how the regulars will line up next fall because Coach Burnham is on the lookout for any undeveloped talent that could be shaped into veteran material. Backfield In Order Numerous backfield' possibilities
the stud the spring roster. Kent^
most part has been working with Smock, a big gun in last year*^ the backfield combinations while tack, is back with hopes for" the line and passing drills are be- usual regular berth. Others on ing supervised by his assistants, backfield list are: Harris, The conditions at the Fieldhouse are tich,’ Meakim, Chester, Berto, somewhat congested, but a brush- Bachman. Available linemen can up on fundamentals after the win- chosen from: Volkman, O’BrywI),
ter lay-offi is being given to the
gridders.^
Some of the returns who have come back to grace our campus are “Swede” Anderson, one of the most promising sophomores of 1940, and
DeMaria, Blair, Andei’sort, and Aitken. J Numerous other candidates'
on hand and make up the ninCW some gridders that turned oUt’ fdlf spring practice. This ai’ray of nj®*
Hal Schumaker, also a gridder of terial should give Coach Bur^hdip great promise. These two were a chance to^put a feather in his'kM tried in a backfield combination in his first season as head co&feh.r'.*
Indianapolis Host To Traci In Butler Relays This Week-Ei^
One of the nation’s largest indoor track meets looms for the Riveter thinlies this week-end when they* journey to Indianapolis to participate in the annual Butler Relays. This meet is of particular interest to Boilermaker fans since it was Hermon Phillips himself who orig’inated the relays, when he was mentor at the Indianapolis institution. Top Notcher The finest track talent in the middle west meets at this event each year, and it iS seldom that the event is run off without at least one lecoi’d being smashed. Tl^ meet itself is divided into two classes, a college divi.sicn and a University division. Among the outstanding enliants in the university division besides the Boilermakers aie Michigan, Ohio State, Indiana, and Notre Dame. The Buckeyes will enter the meet as favorites by virtue of their triumph in the Big Ten moot last week. ' Peiennial winner of the relays for eight consecutive years has been the Univcrxity of Michigan. Time and again thoir powerful runncis liavc upped off staithng limes in the many and vaiied races to accumulate moie points than any of their opponents. Wolverine athletes
hold, as,well, several of*thfe .rtiiiy records. r-* Hurdles Take Spotlight i '< \ Once again Bob Wright’ wflf in the spotlight with his formances. If any records stined to fall it will certaiid|^ ^ these. Indiana, always a thf^ m the distance races’, will be ^ form this year with Kane'-iaM Mitchell leading the way. Nor can anyone sell fhe Rive^ er runners short in this
petition. Their mile
ranks with the best and wilt ly be heard from in this'everifcT'^Pfee distance men who performed ably during the cross country Eon will undoubtedly form several powei’ful relay combinations'. j
Riveters To Enter
Jentsch, Kemp, McLaughlin,\ait4 Appleton may team in eitheri.fthe four mile relay or perhaps Iftjtlie medley event. Keim and Banckdt* the dashmen, have been im^a^g daily in their workouts, while |&oi% the stellar Riveter hurdler, wRl* bd striving to pick up points. • .1 All thj; Boilermaker cntraht3''witf be sti’iving to maintaiq the tenoiu of fine pel formances set in event by former pei’forraers. year’s squad grabbed off a vib&t^ in the University Medley Rel^??’-^
Get Yqijr Application Pictures MOW!
For your applications you’ll want a picture that’s a ^ood likeness. Onr experienced photographers will give their best services. FOSTER'S CAHERl SHOf Phone 6725 for Appointment
f'Central Indiana grin and bear rr ASME To Hold
By LkH^
Banquet Friday The Univci‘!it\ student chaptei ot the Ameiican Society of Mo chahical Enginei-' \m11 be host to the Cential Indiana Section of the Society foi the annual Univcisity dmnoi Fiidu tvininp; Maich li at fi in p ill in the E isl 1 uult^ F^ounfic ol the Union A piiidid toui ol the Univcisitv’s M< ch inie.il EnRintei mj, lahoi a tones Mill pietede the dinnei I ol loMinp the dinnci thice Unneisitt students and one Rose Poh technic Institute student Mill delivei talks on diffcient phases ol mechanical cnsineeiin}!: The Unneisitt stu denits W L CleaiMateis ME -42, discusvinp A. 'New Hie,!! Speed Piessuie Pick up’ , G P Topinki ME -12 talking on ‘Some Aspects of Wing \ ihntions and I luttei and A\ T Gmgh Mr 14 spelling on 1 ocoinotive Spccaomctcis foi Fuel Econonn’—veill \n loi the honoi of icinesenting the Univci site it the Mid West eonleienec at Notie Dame Apiil 11 4 til st piize of ^20 a second pi i/e cl $10 and a thud pi ize ot a cop\ ol M Ilk’s Handbook will be aw aid ed to the thiec speakeis The piizcs \ it donated h\ the Univeisity B nch and the Cential Indiana •'t ft 101 ol the ASME and the In d in 1 Elccti K Association Personnel Notes t ompanies Sciiediilcd To Visit
(he ( am pus —
Oi’dnuice Uepaitniciit Roches 1(1 New Voik Maich 11 West Bend Aluminum Co IVesi Be nd 'Vt’is Mai ch 11 Combustion Enginceiiiig Co New York N Y Maich 12 Coin Pioducts Refining Co, Ai CO, Illinois Mai ch 13 Philco Radio and Television Co , Philadelphia, Pa Maich 10 E E Schedule an inteiview in the Pei sonnel Oflice immediatelj (hecrolct Muncie (Division ot (icneral Motors) Muncie, Indiana —Maich 12 ME and EE Schedule an inteivicvv immediately in the
Pci sonnel OlTice
WAA To Sponsor Annual Informal Winter Banquet\VAA will hold Its innual Wmtci Banquet on Tuesday Maich 21 at () p m in the Home Economics Caleteiia Due to the defen c pi o giam the banquet will be an in loimal affaii instead ol the tiadi tional loimel hancnict All women students ai e jn\ ited to attend The piogiam will include in stallation ol new \\ A.A officci s and council mcmbeis and piesentation of awaids loi vvintci spoils Rabbi Mcyci H Simon of Lalaycttc will (ipcak on the subject ol icci cation Gold Peppers Sponsor Pistol Firing For Coeds Last night mai ked the initial meeting ol the second pistol filing dclensc couisc sponsoied by Gold Peppcis and conducted undei the supeivision ol the Militaiv depait ment loi women students This couisc will be continued loi loui weeks instead ol six weeks as picviouslv scheduled The classes meet in the Aimoiv on Tuesdacs end Thuisdavs liom 7 00 to 7 >0 p m and the onh fee is a 50 cent
immunition chaige
S' .
eific subject will be “Pjoblems and available at the tashara olTicf m th( I How They Are Handled By the Kxo.ui.ve Jiu.i.Hnic -iioi n NSBr Plant Pathologist ”
Notices
Acromodelcrs 12 at iO nm Pic ISC atU nd
ASMI l(pinl mo tint if (tiilinl buinoli iinlfintiil 1ml siclum I 11 liiv Much II it h 11 m in 1 nst I a nils I oitiim of tin Union liizc talks to he tiv<n by stnilint mcmluis ol the Univtrsity ami of Kosc
rhiiisilav Much I’olylich Institute I lamb All micbaiiicil 1 80 Impoitint nfinotis wi leomi GOIU 1
SMITH -
Riding: Club lmp<itan( mictini, Ihiiis Ml juniors ami sophn <1 ij Much 12 at 10 ji m in mom lOfi if
lUds who (jcsiic tj bo tlu Uninii
1(1 pisitiins (bn ins
MicLin in Ui
Student Senate mnes inclmlini? v c nisidoicd (lic'l 1-
(ilbii (I the next two simcstirs will pri I tile in j cts I u MSI ms pcisinal qual ilicati ns 1 1 tiicf a(C( int if past sore , ,s DIBOS
rOMM Pledttes Ni mcotins Wednesday nil mine Iniliitiin stalls at 8 p m Ihiirs lav tvcnine t the Aimmy —DAY 1 xponent Stiff Sien P m Flitiiiil of I r K Iiilij Much 11 il voii want I lb Han i u t n Sin cl ly BROrilY
“Mditia alwaye did hate a tendency to oteidicss'
itics Buieaii
Mil 1 t I n IIV ii Hill I 111
All sopbomoies ind It 111 m ctinc whieh 1 cl et in Me t Hut It I 1 Ol SON
[Jiiiis Frusiini
(( III Lied liom pi) e 1) [t III ciiminutive plivei spoke UI 1 11 tiiL\ IS he commented on ih( I'll winch he hid gotten horn I isl (ill ill it Puidue Don Blcmlci on shoil Ic ivc j absence who would hav( 1 ten i senioi iicmbci ot the inst sc l m s squad it he had not enlisted in the seivicG was intioduced to tin ludi
ence
The Glee (Inh undei the cliicc tion ot AI Stew ait tnd the Pin due vaisitv band undei the dnection ot Captain Dick MNtson idded sev eial hue musical aiiangcmcnls to the veiv Intel esting piogiam Seven oJ the twelve m ijoi IcLleis aw allied went to scnioi who have concluded then eollegnte compcti tion including C ipt Don Blanken Dundee 111 Don ild Adams Cai penteisville 111 Chailes C ciess Bedtoid John Coniad M^est Point Cecil Polk Roehcstei , Eoiiest Spiovvl Oblong 111 ind John liei iicy f hie u o 111 The othci m ipn Icttci winncis weio IIow ud Ilotl man Biulgepoit EiedKiampe In dianapohs Elovd Livvson Eiii Pa, Allen Menke Iluntinghui^, land Robeit Riley latijette Mmol V iisity lettiis vveic iwaid cd as follows Loicn Biowci Li lajette Paul Eiicnd West I il n ettc John Cralviii Chic igo 111 John Svvant/ South Bend ind C 1 Standaid student m iin„ei Hut ioid ( ity ’Ihe complete list ol ticshmui vai sitv luiinei al v\ nmeis w IS i loi lows Robeit Bidtlle Bioolston Miuiicc Boots, Cluks llill Ken neth Bui nett Laia\ette, Ldw in 1 h lei s South Bend ( ill Hoc ham me i Bijant Ldwaid Jones J ispei John Ivcniiedv 1 oi iin Ohio W il him Kcichcvil New Alhanj Ai then I mge I itijctlc Rohcit VI i son Cincinniti Ohio Doru Id \Ic Vev Lalavcttc, r> ii k Mc\ti Jet ici^onv lie Kieo Monlencio I^Il hut James Motjit Camb\ Pobc t AIoiiis Icbinon Robeit M\cis Jcficisonv file William ti i e li e \ Miehiganlown Idwin limm Whit mg (uiald Witsmin Iianktoit
l IIIIIM S ill 111 lit 1111(1 I icslimcn M( t it i 111 I C b mniiL (( at 11 tins H I tl U 11 11 111 c W 11 th l( 1 I Win ) I in Ih t( HusI \ ilMtiin Pi \a Srr 11 Kv} 1 M Kin/u D Sn ih ! i 1 Aimsli I ir kh u r Schn il i 1 KTuh Ai It I iiiPtll rOSSI 1 1
llionius S IV I ntomol )t,RaI SoiitU )) )(] its in I tl l\ in< lull lhins«ii\ Mu 1 It 50 I n in i i 1 ) 5 I Aj i t J I H i 1 Cl AI k
1(U h annual 11 c c i coin ( ont i c lu i
StmiciU VV II tl c M I!
( OlllUll ’
t 1 11 1 I \
il \ Il It mi lunch ii loi
I lU I 11 til
DIBOS
11 isd Much n t II I rii All
tb lull 1( \e
CAI 1 AH \N
J bill I V M i( 1
W \I K1 R
D(.liiis Bboto,^riipbv StiilT I I 1 I |i l ( ni t 1
VI 1 I IM III
Sib n 1
till
VV \ 1 I I R
com club lesulls In addition to Bee sons lepoit pcisons ittcncling the Am
> I II Ml tii
M h tl I ted t h rn ? 1 1 hi i f ni 1 n t i
viil I 1 IS nt SUI \ IVAN
mici hvblid
to Ik held it '' ' '
the Uiiivcisitv tomoMow ind In - (1 ly IS c iKctt I to iltiacL belt ecu j ^ mj ' 'p *('j, z-OO md 500 In In 1(1 com piodticeis i>i i (“^ mist i uesmt
fiom Unoi^hoLit the state
WA V l I (il m (tl 1
lomniiow moining K L Beeson i t i i n \m
UiiivcisiLv extension agionomi,st will tepoiL on the 1041 extension demonsLi ations and the five icio Scihliird and Blade 1 in I jl Ic, W in (1 > M I n t 1 1 rn n
(1 1 { III I I 1 ni Ih I
. ..V . . ct l ( I 111 f t ft I I lill
opcninc, session will luai i icvicw i j ^ t i i i will i i i l t
ot the leeent com hoi c i leseaich
w 01 k
Discussion 1 Dines Five ])] ml 1)1 eedei s 11 om is m my states 111 the coin belt have lieen iiniteii to tppe u on the twodn pio„i im to discuss leseueh wotl inuleiwn IB Ihcii lespictive ills tiiets Otlui tojm s scheduled loi discussion lit )nunities md sup plies loi 1012 ulveitisim end inih lieily needs m hvln id impiovenient in qjpi us il ol h\biids extensivelv Used m 1011 com eu woim md tom boiei eontiol ind wheie to put pi inL 100(1 this \e u 111 Meile r Jenkins ol the I’ S DcpuLmentol A^iieulLuit will id (licss eonleiees on Regional Go ojiei ition loi ( om Impiovenient m th( ( 0111 Belt md II I Reed de in ol the Sihtol oi Agiuulluit will s])t ik on New Polieie on Release oJ liihied lines in the Com Belt St lies In tin Im il rmliv illtmoon ses SI n ( Icn M Smith I the Univci sitv V^iieuUuiil 1 xlension Seiv ice is sehedulcd to diseuss pop tom h\ Jn ids
New tmder-ni in
Cream Deodoranf Stops Perspiration
Evvr^llnng /oi n (hdiK aiion DEAC’S
1 I) I t (I d CS LA I^( cs not n I itm si ni ■’ N ) m 1^ to dr\ (in It i iftcr sh i\ ink, ' 1 stn tl) t )p per p I It 0 f( 1 i ) ' diNs Rcni( \cs odor from ptr
I ru ( 1
I A puic white mcistlcss St milt s 1 11 h I ^ ercTii ? \nid Ills been nvuded the Vp p V d Se d of tl e A nei e i i li si u le of 1 uinden ii, f( r he i^ I ir nU s to A br es Arnd IS the LARGESl SELLING DEODORANT Try a jar todayi
J ir Al ill stores selling toiUl i,ood (also in lOe md j irs)
STOR
-lo STATE STREET WE5T LAFAYETTE INQ
THURSDAY, MARCH 12th TO SATURDAY, MARCH 21st INCLUSIVE