kr
Purdue
Z-186
Lafayette, Indiana
WEDNESDAY
Carl Van Doren, Noted Author, To Address Literary Banquet In The Ballroom Tonight
Tonight at 6:30 in the ballroom of the Union, Carl Van Doren, noted author and critic, will address the annual Literary Banquet on “The American Imagination,” Van Doren is as well known as a wit and conversationalist as he is as a writer. His feat of winning the Pulitzer prize was accomplished by his book finished in 1938 on the life of “Benjamin Franklin.” Elliott—Toastmaster President E. C. Elliott will act as toastmaster at tonight’s banquet and as added features, the winners of the H, G. Eeisner cup for the best short story, the George Ade cup for the best short play, the David E. Ross cup for the best poem, and the Governor M. Clifford Townsend cup for the best informal play will be announced. In addition to the cup awards, cash awards will include the Dean Enders award of $10 and five dollars for the best essays on science, the Hockema-Stewart awards of $15 and $10 for the best essay on Tippecanoe'county or Indiana history, the English department awaid of $10 for the best informal essay, and the W. H. Winterrowd awards of $100 and $35 for the best collection of technical and non-technical books made by a student during his college career. Born In Illinois Van Doren was born on a central Illinois farm, attended an Urbana, 111., high school, graduated from the University of Illinois in 1907, and completed his education at Columbia University, In 1911, he received a Ph.D. degree from Columbia and for the next five years he served in the English department of the same university and then became the literary editor of “The Nation,” later going to “The Century Magazine” in the same ca-
pacity.
Literary Guild Editor In 1926, he was one of the foundeis of the Literary Guild of America and became its editor-in-chief. At the age of 60 he felt that he had done his share as a teacher and editor, consequently he retired to devote his time entirely to writing. In 1926 he began writing his famous book, “Benjamin Franklin,” for which he had been collecting material for the last 20 years. The final writing of the book consumed the major part of his time for two years, working 16 hours a day, seven days a week, but the reception of his book as a best seller and the Pulitzer prize seem to have justified all of his laboi^ Chi Epsilon... . . . national civil engineering hoilorary society, elected Arthur Cornell, of Port Washington, N. Y., as president for the next semester at a meeting in room C of the Union last night. Other officers elected for the coming semester are: vice-president, Clarence Hotler, of Goodland; secretary, Fred Ulrich, of Glenview, 111., and treasurer, Robert Conklin, of Riverside, 111. Capf. Aretz... ... of the University airport, will address members of the agricultural staff and their wives at the regular monthly Ag staff luncheon meeting to be held in the Union on Monday, May 29, on the subject of “Aviation at Purdue.” A. P. Stewart, J. A. Hoefer, and Pauline Balpach will assist James L. Roberts in completing arrangements for the luncheon.
Speaker..
CARL VAN DOREN
President Somoza
Arrive Tomorrow Piesident Anatasio Somoza of Nicaragua and his party will arrive on the campus tomorrow at 11:15 a. m. The party will drive to the John Purdue grave where the Nicaraguan president will place a wreath. President Elliott and Governor Townsend of Indiana will give the welcoming addresses. Purdue yells will be given under the leadership of “Stubby” Meier. The Purdue band will close the program with
“Hail Purdue.”
Out of consideration for the visit by President Somoza of Nicaragua, classes in the University will be dismissed Thursday some time after 11 o’clock, the firing of the first gun of the national salute serving as a‘ dismissal signal for the remainder
of the morning.
Edward C. Elliott, President. The visiting party will be guests at a luncheon in the Union after which President Somoza and the men of his party will spend the afternoon studying livestock production on the University farm. Here Somoza will be presented with several bushels of prize com and a booklet containing pictures and data on the livestock shown and other famous animals on the Purdue farm. The afternoon’s program for the women consists of a tour of the women’s Residence Hall, Home Economics Building, and a stop at the
Elliott home.
Radio station WLW, Cincinnati, will broadcast the program at the farm from 3:15 to 3:46 p. m. Also, WBAA will broadcast the morning ceremonies and the luncheon in the Union. All Lafayette merchants are requested by the Purdue Relations Committee of the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce to display American and Purdue flags on Thursday. Mann, '39, Receives Fellowship To U. C. Charles W. Mann, senior in physical education, has been selected for a fellowship to the University of California. The fellowship covers tuition and living expenses for a year, beginning this fall. He was one of five selected from all parts
of the country.
Mann, who is graduating in June, has done well scholastically and won major letters in football and tennis. He is a member of Sigma Delta Psi, Kappa Delta Pi, and the “P” Men’s
Club. ^
Exponent
May 24, 1939
Vol.50
No. 190
NaYySubmanne Sinks In Atlantic With 59 Aboard Sinking in 240 feet of water, off Portsmouth, N. H., last night, the Navy’s newest submarine, the Squalus, carried 59 officers and men to the bottom of the Atjantic. The submarine, of most modern design, is built to make life underseas possible for several days. A message received late last night read, “Conditions satisfactory, but cold.” Long hours of additional imprisonment were the prospect of the trapped men as Navy rescue efforts met delay. The cause of the accident is thought to be an open induction valve that poured water into the craft as she was making a routine practice dive. Navy boats with complete diving equipment put out from Brooklyn, Boston, and New London ports last night. Real diving was expected to start this morning at 6 a. m. One quarter of the supply of oxygen available had been used up last night, but navy officials expressed confidence that the men would be rescued.
Fingerprints 150 At Booth In Union Hall One hundred and fifty sets of fingerprints were taken by Alpha Phi Omega, scouting service honorary, yesterday afternoon in the Great Hall of the Union. Among those who took advantage of the service were Dean M. L. Fisher, dean of men; Dick McNeil, Debris business manager; and Don Terrio, editorial director of the Exponent. Fingerprints will be taken all day today and tomorrow. Each set of fihgerprints consists of three cards upon which are fourteen different groups of prints. The student fills out the blanks, giving the information desired at the center of the desk and then getting their fingerprints at the ends of the desk. Police Take Over Today, Robert Bowman, fingerprint expert of the Lafayette State police barracks, with other patrolmen, did the actual taking of prints due to the congested conditions caused by the large numbers to be accommodated. During at least a part of the next two days, however, members of Alpha Phi Omega will take the prints. Abbett Will Speak On 'Salesmanship'Today “Salesmanship As You Like It,” will be the subject of an address by H. B. Abbett, Purdue University Purchasing Agent, which is to be delivered before the GE 105 class this morning at 8 o’clock in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. The address will be open to the general student body within the limitations of the classroom. Abbett IS expected to recount his experiences and observations in regard to salesmen and sales policies. He has been cooperating with students in the course in the solution of the cuirent sales problem and will make definite specific sugges-
tions.
Last Penalty... . . , day this semester will be Monday, May 29. This date represents the twenty-four hour period before the authorized holiday of Tuesday, May 30. All students not classified as graduates or seniors will be required to pay the $5.00 penalty fee for absence from any class on May 29, announced Martin L. Fisher, Dean of Men.
New Officers
Paul Cooper President
Dave Brubeck Executive
Louise Schickler Co-ed Executive
Vincent Hruby Activities Chairman
ESIDENT Brubeck/ Schickler/ Hruby Get Offices Paul T. Cooper, Kappa Sigma; David L. Brubeck, Phi Gamma Delta, Louise G. Schickler, Kappa Alpha Theta; and Vince M. Hruby, Independent, were selected last night from 13 vice presidents to lead the activities of the Purdue Student Union next year. Cooper, the new president, comes from River Forest, 111., and is enrolled in the mechanical engineering school. David L. Brubeck will occupy the position of executive, and is a civil engineer from Jefferson. Louise Schickler, co-ed executive, was the only/ girl elected. She is another mechanical engineer, from Lakewood, O. Hruby, the only ag student on the new board, will fill the position of activities chairman and is from Oolumbus. ' The new heads were elected last night at a meeting of the Student Union Board, composed of Gordon W. Matthews, Theodore D. Cabonargi, Phyllis Ci;ossman. Sully Mason, and L. M. Vallely, manager of the Union. Duties Are Varied Offices filled are exactly the same as last year. The president’s duties are to preside at all meetings and supervise all Union activities. The executive presides in the absence of the president, organizes the sophomore staffs under the vice-presidents, takes care of the finances, and conserves the
Miller Outlines Rules To Follow In Cramming For Fina/ Exams By Doc Miller Students cramming for finals are advised by the director of the Student Health Service to keep the following information in mind. 1. The use of stimulating drugs is always a dangerous practice. A large number of students have been using stimulating drugs for the purpose of enabling them. (a) —to study for a longer period of time preparing for final examinations, and (b) —^to keep awake during examinations. 2. Students persisting in the use of such drugs are advised to consult the Student Health Service regarding the correct use of these drugs. 3. Six hours of sleep is the absolute minimum necessary each night. The advantages gained at the expense of normal hours of sleep are only imaginary. 4. Students ifi a highly nervous state of mind or those unable to sleep the required number of hours should consult the Student Health Service at once. 6. Light meals and good ventilation of sleeping and study rooms will promote mental as well as physical well-being of student. 6. Eyes are likely to become tired with long hours of constant study, but they will see more clearly if they have short periods of rest. Students should be sure that they are studying under the correct type of light.
equipment. Co-ed duties consist of caring for co-ed interests, acting as secretary at the meetings of the board, supervising office work, and assisting the executive with sophomore staffs. The activities chairman is to assign the duties to the vice-presidents, help organize new activities, and promote student interest.
New Seniors Say: President Cooper: “It is a surprise to me and I only regret that there are not 13 senior positions.” Co-ed Executive Schickler: “We of the seniors hope the 17 members of next year’s board will enjoy thdur work as much as this year’s board has.” Activities Director Hruby: “It certainly is a surprise to me?*
Electoral Board Chooses Seven Junior Senators
Seven sophomores were chosen last night by the new Student Senate electoral board to carry over as junior senators next year. This announcement was made at the farewell dinner given last night for the seniors. Those chosen were selected on a basis of merit. Nine more juniors will be elected next year. Those chosen by the electoral board, composed of the eight seniors recently elected, are John Van Horn, Paula Zwierlein, Jack Wise, Lewis McCammon, Allan Dilts, Harry Layson, and John Stewart. Ex-Presiden^ of the Senate Elliott acted as toastmaster at the banquet, which was given in the Union ballroom. President Elliott, M. L. Fisher, dean of men; Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women; David Ross, chairman of the' board of trustees; and Frank Hockema, assistant to the Pi-esident, served as speakers. Herbert Fishburn, senate president, also spoke. The new senate officers were introduced by President Elliott. Freshmen petitions for senate positions are due in the senate office by 6 p. m. Friday, May 26. Twentysix petitions had been turned in at 6:30 p. m. yesterday. The elections will be held at registration next fall.
Dr. Kelly Discusses Counseling Technic In Joint Meeting “Counseling is pot advice-giving, not bossing or dictating, but pointing out clearly to the new student various alternatives and letting him make his own decisions,” said Dr. E. J. Kelly yesterday afternoon at a joint meeting of ed and co-ed counselors. Three hundred co-ed and ed counselors attended the last training-school meeting of the se-
mester.
Qualifications for a good counselor as stated by Dr. Kelly are: counselors must be well adjusted socially, emotionally, and scholastically, they must be aware of the standard of individual differences, they must be able to put themselves into the backgropnd in ox'der to take time to get acquainted with counselees, they must he sympathetic but not sentimental, and their behavior must be consistent. Dr. Kelly stressed the importance of building a relationship of a friendship type, counselors getting and keeping in touch with their counselees, that counselors should help to tide their counselees over the transitional period, and also help them get acquainted.
13 Juniors
The old board, plus the 13 former juniors, Monday night elected 13 sophomores to fill junior positions next year. Juniors elected were. Ruth Bennett, Lena Hibbs, Virginia Royle, Marge Seibert, Paul Hamman, Jean Brooks, BiU Huls, Bill Woods, A, B. Clarke, Larry Brodd, Bill Crow, Bob Hoffer, and Bob Tilt. Robinson To Give Principal Address On Memorial Day Dr. J. William Robinson, of the history, economics, and government department, will deliver the principal address on “What Does ‘Idealogy’ Signify” at the Memorial Day exercises to be held in Fowler Hall Tuesday morning at 9:30 a. m. President Elliott will preside over the exercises which will open with an organ prelude. Rev. J. B. Gleason, of the West Lafayette Baptist Church, will deliver the invocation. Two musical numbers by the Concert Choir, “Give Ear Unto My Prayer” by Arcadelt, and the national anthem, “The Star Spangled Banner,” will precede the reading of the necroloy of Purdue staff members, alumni, former students, and students who have died during the past year by Dean of Men Martin L. Fisher, Toward the close of the exercises, officers of the POMM will place a wreath on the Memorial tablet containing the names of Puidue men who died during the World War. A salute of 21 guns, the sounding of taps, the singing of “America” iKf the audience and the benediction by Rev. Gleason will bring the oxen* else to a dose.r
• *
£djihfdaL
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
J^udiVaiA.
Wednesday, May 24, 1939
Final Examinations . . . . . . may be a headache to the student body, but in one way at least are a boon to the college editorial writer. For at this time of the year, when semester examinations loom close ahead and no other editorial subject appears on the immediate horizon, it is always fairly safe and easy fo write about finals. Year after year, in practically every college newspaper in the country where final examinations are given, editorials appear entitled “Final Examinations,” “Why Wait? Study Now,” or something similar in tone. We do not wish to discuss the pros and cons of final examinations at this time. However, we would like to give the student body our time-honored admonition to “get on the ball” and save possible last-minute grief. Already final white examination schedules have been posted, and the Library has moved its file of exam papers into the downstairs reading room. Don’t try to cram a whole course into one night’s study, and remember—there is NO substitute for thorough knowledge. Budget your time starting today, setting _ aside off hours and evenings for comprehensive study. When the race is over your health will be better, and chances are that your grades may be materially improved. On page 1 of this issue appears a “Warning to Crammers,” compiled by Director of Student Health Service Dr. S. J. Miller. These suggestions have been approved by University officials, and well deserve student attention. Give yourself time to relax and keep in fit physical condition. Use the Fieldhouse and Memorial Gymnasium; take advantage of the spring weather. Don’t overdo it, however, for the idea is still to get some studying done! Start serious work on your books and class notes today. You will be much less worried when you walk into that first threehour final sometime next week or so. Athletic Ability... ... is recognized each year at the basketball,
Purdue Exponent
Entered as aecond class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1017, authorised Jannary 20. 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during Uie Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year,
mail subecription $8.60.
Editorial Board
R E Insley W. E. Smith __
•• " ”
Editor-In-Chief Business Manager
D, G. Terrio G. W. Frederick E. M. Antonini G. Schilling R"’ Jenkins
„ „ „ _ Editorial Director Managing Editor Senior Advertising Manager _ Co-ed Editor ~ „ Sports Editor
Junior Staff
Editorial R F DeHoog R W Donahue D, K Heiple J H McKee M. L. Miers J. C Willsey
Business R Fisher R Hall A. Hite M. Hagemeyer T Petty G Cox, Sec
Sports J P Dolan S D Marquis M. M Richards Co-ed M. Burtsfield G Carroll B Simpson
D. J
Henninger, Art Director
PHONES
Editorial
Sports
Business
4005
2792
5038
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINQ BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Pubhsbert Representattve 420 Madison Ave New York N Y CHICASO BOITOII Lot AMILIt • SAM FlIANCIICO This newspaper is written, edited, and pnbllahed by undergraduate students oi Purdue UniYersltar. AU optaions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessaril/ eoinoida with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director
Night Editor—DeHoog Issue Editor—Fletcher Wednesday, May 24, 1939
and football banquets. Tonight a different kind of prowess will be honored at the literary banquet . , . awards will be based on writing ability rather than on muscular power and athletic skill. Both athletics and cultural development have their place in the world today. Athletes and writers share honors, but tonight is the night for the writers and book-collectors. Interest in writing and reading at Purdue has been increased by the cash prizes which will be awarded tonight. We hope all these awards will be continued, and that their numbers will increase.
UDiaLoi^thL (^jamfuiSu
Unfair Union Elections? Dear Sir Personally, I think that I would have done the same thing this morning if I weie night editor last night—that is, to try my best to cover up the Student Union’s junior election Two years ago when the Union Board announced that they weie domg away with the popular election of their Board members, the campus in geneial thought that the Union Board was really in earnest about ridding the Student Union of politics But as the two yeais passed since that time, it seems that the only thing the Union Boaid of that year did was to take the Student Union elections out of the hands of general politics and put it in the hands of a select and piivileged few. Truthfully, I don’t think that this year’s Senior Board actually intended that polil^ics enter into their election, because the type of people that are now holding senior offices on the Board are too big of persons to lower themselves to such depths
Personal Opinions Enter The truth of the matter is that the Board has to rely upon personal opinion alone in their selections— thus, you find those who aie defeated solely because of peisonal and prejudiced reasons The socalled meiit system of the Union has again reverted to the worthless “hours system”—this being practically the only black and white record of their work. The houi system of election has given the Union workers the lone impiession that the only way they can get into office is to live in the Union office—thus building up their hours regardless if they do work or not. The fact that they have leadership ability, ideas that might bring the Student Union back on its now useless feet, oi that they accomplish more work in less time does not enter into the matter The hours system of election has in reality made a “rat race” out of the Union’s sophomoie work. Thinkers Are Needed The work of the Student Union Board itself is largely set by pi ecedent of the BIG MINDS of the past Union Boaids—^therefore, the Union needs students who not only can do things that they are told to do and shown how to do, but they
mostly need students who are leadeis and who have the ability to THINK The Union itself ought to realize that there is some big fault in then meiit system when they start out with ovei 160 freshmen and can only end up with ,abou? 30 qualified sophomores for election Incapable Leaders? The time has arrived when the Student Union has endangered itself by putting incapable leaders on the Board to carry on their WORK. Now it seems that the only way that you can' gam a place on the Student Union Board is to have a fraternity brother, a sorority sister, or the owner of the “pm” that you are wearing, on the Board. I wonder how long the Student Union thinks that they can remain on their high perch without tbe personnel that can think as well as do common labor work. By the way, do we still have independent students here on the campus ’ If so, somebody ought to
ARC
MARS
LAST DAY
HERfiREflKSTHCTOBEil S^DURBIN,
BOBEBT CBABLES llUttli CUMMINGS. WINNlNGER.LDNDIgM
TOMORROW-FRIDAY
—■ WITH — GILBERT ROLAND MARSHA HUNT — «l»o — 'FLAMING FRONTIER," Serial
THUR.-FRI.-SAT. OUTLAW EXPRESS ADVENTURE IN SAHARA FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS No. 12 HAWK of the WILDERNESS No. 1
tuAiri
-TODAYTWO FIRST RUN HITS
—plu»— BORIS KARLOFF — in—■ MYSTERY OF MR. WONG
STARTS THURSDAY DOUBLE FIRST RUN ACTION PROGRAM
I ' 1 WX8IHW WEIDIER COP J JANET SHAW ACLWondirDoi
-Plus-
NAVY SECRETS with Fay Wray — Grant Withers EXTRA — DONALD DUCK
GRIN AF«> BEAR IT
MURDER! Boom boom dittum dattum watta mu choo ko . . . If I could only catch those fishes! B-B POST . . . . . . Prom incident—Leland Boswell of the pharmacy school says: “After the Prom we rode around and then had a few cokes, after which we headed for the airport to watch the planes come in. When we finaUy saw the beacon, we found that we had traveled all the way to the Chicago Municipal Airport.” . . . Some cokes B-B INSERT Roses are green, Violets are pink, If you think so too. We’ve wasted this ink. B-B CAMPUS COMMENTS Blonde ‘Mickey’ Mayfield, secretary in the Summer Session department, has put one over on the coeds. She’s “stolen” Andy Kuzmitz from them. Could it be spring? B-B AND YET . . , . . you can’t be sure whether or pot it IS Here’s the answer. Don’t be kidded, spring ain’t heie. To any dumb godzle that ought to be clear With spring we have breezes And display of kneezes. And I ain't seen a good pair this year*
tell the Union Board Sincerely yours, “Fairplay.” Editorial Director’s Note: The night editor had no idea whatsoever of “covering up,” as suggested. However ... well. Student Union?
“I don’t want a nap—^my marcel cost plenty, and I’m not going to have it mussed!”
CORRECTION . . . . . . Those who noticed Fred Winter’s tan V8 Ford parked the night after the prom should not be amazed I had bon owed the car for the evening for my own use— my pm girl was down, (Signed) Jack Swinney. B-B FINALS . . . . . . and another year has-gone by.
l^RiKSin NOW PLAYING
STARTS SUNDAY NEW MAIN
Just another gentle reminder, tha’s aU... Subscribe to the Exponent.
LU^ —LAST DAY— JAIVE WITHERS — in*— “ARIZONA WILDCAT” — ARID —
LOUIS HAYWARD TOM BROWJV — in — “Diake of West Polmt”
THIJR.- FRl.- SAT. GENE AUTRY — in — “Western Jamboree” — AND — JOHN HOWARD —in — ‘‘Bulldog Drummond’s Secret Police”
29e to 6:0® then 10-30°25e
Turn Your ASSETS Into CASH Use THE Purdue Exponent ^CLASSIFIED SERVICE Business Phone — 5038v'',14g
, “4'
''4
m
Riveter Pistol TMm Boilermakers Dowti Bulldogs, 8-4
Completes Perfect Dual Match Season
Dickinson, Vernon, Emmert Clout For
Riveter Track Men Will Enter In State
Long a leader in national marksmanship circles, the Boilermaker varsity pistol team has completed another perfect season, chalking up ten victories and one tie in eleven intercollegiate matches against the leading sharpshooting teams in the country. This year’s team was led through its highly successful season by Captain Ernest V. Holmes of the military department. Colorado State was the only team able to tie the Boilermaker marksmen throughout the year. The Purdue squad defeated Missouri, Princeton, Texas A & M, Eastern Kentucky State Teachers, Iowa State, M. I. T., Utah, Wisconsin, Cornell, and Ohio State. In addition to this impressive dual meet record, the Boilermakers won the Indiana State Shoulder to Shoulder Championship and held its own against the best civilian clubs in the country in the National Rifle Association gallery matches. Besides the regular varsity competition a team composed entirely of Purdue ROTC members won ten out of thirteen intercollegiate engagements, while the ROTC freshman team was undefeated in eight matches.
Circuit As Rivgfers Rap Out 73 Hits
Ihdianapolis, May 23.—(Special)—Thirteen well-divided hits gave the Boilermakers eight runs here today as they defeated the Butler Bulldogs for the second time this season, 8-4. Dickinson, Vernon, and Emmert each connected for home runs against Steiiier, starting hurler for the Bulldogs. It was Steiner’s second loss of the season, his only other reverse being at the hands of the Hoosiers.
The University of Texas has received $60,000 to be used as a trust fund for the handicapped to be named in honor of humorist Will Rogers.
Thompson and Mackiewicz also contributed extra base hits, Thompson’s being a triple and Mac’s a double. For the home team Carbon and Herrmann each tripled. Yeager was the only player who met with difficulty at the plate against Steiner. Every other man in the starting line-up hit safely at least once during the game, Fisher getting three hits while Vernon, Mackiewicz and Thompson each got two. ^ Two-Man Butler Attack Guleff, with four hits in four times at bat, and Carbon, with three for three, combined to get seven of the nine hits for Butler. Tommy Dickinson opened the game with a long home run into right field on the first pitch served up by Steiner. In the second inning Thompson hit a triple to left, and came on home on the hit when the. Butler left fielder committed an error in handling the ball. Johnny Vernon provided the one punch of the third inning, clouting a home run into deep left field. In the last of that inning the Bulldogs
HAY§ JEWELRY CO.
EAST SIDE DF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
broke into the scoring column when Steiner hit the ball past Smithson and into right field for a single, but went on'to third when Yeager let the ball get through him. Steiner scored on a sacrifice fly. Carbon drove out a three-base hit in the fourth, but Thompson committed an error on the throw in and the Butler shortstop reached home safely with the second run for the Bulldogs. Emmert Hits Homer Fisher singled to left to open the fifth. Johnny Emmert then poled a long home run into left field to send two more runners in for Purdue. That proved to be the Boilermaker pitcher’s swan song, for the combination of excessive heat and an express trip around the bases was too much for him and he gave way in the sixth to Warner. Butler came back with two more runs in the last half of the same frame. Steiner walked and was forced out by Constantino. Guleff singled to center, sending Constantino to third. Herrmann then drove out a long hit into left field which sent the two runners in with scores.
Herrmann reached third safely, but was thrown out when he tried to stretch his hit into a home run. Ninth Inning The remainder of the Gold and Black scoring came in the ninth on a walk, three hits, and an error. Smithson walked. Fisher hit to left, Smithson going to second. Dickinson flied out. Vernon singled to left, Smithson scoring and Fisher going to second. Mackiewicz then singled to left, and the two men on base scored when Steiner, who had moved to left field, let the ball get through him for an error. Mac went to third, Yeager and Hearne walked to fill the bases, and Jimmy Thompson popped out to end the inning. Bob Bailey came in to pitch the final inning for the Boilermakers, retiring the Bulldogs with one hit and no runs. Twelfth Win At this time the Boilermakers have won 12 games, lost six, and tied three. Two games remain, both with the Wolverines at Ross-Ade Recreation Field this week end. They head into the final series of the year with a mathematical chance of tying for the Big Ten title. They would get a slice of the championship if they won both games while Iowa was losing twice. Bob Bailey will probably start on the mound Friday. Score by innings: Purdue Ill 020 003—8 13 1 Butler 001 120 000—4 9 2 Box score and summary: Purdue (8) AB R H Dickinson, cf .......5 1 1 Vernon, If 5 2 2 Mackiewicz, 3b 5 0 2
That Spring Feeling
Straw Hats
We're sef with the biggest and finest collection of new straw styles we have ever shown and at prices that mean real values in every grade. Get yours early and get an individual distinctive style and shape.
$1.00 lo $3-50
Shirt and Slacks
Everyone of the smart new colors is represented in this assortment of fashionable sport shirts. Choice of several types of fabrics.
$2.95 . $3-95
ROSENTHAL'S
322 Mailt St'reei'
Price
of a Good Job
is Often Less than ^
Many times a clean, well-pressed suit lands the coveted position. Why take a chance on sloppy looks? It isn’t wise.
The American will keep you TRIM. At a price you can afford to pay.
pick-up.
Phone 3085
American! Dependable Dry Cleaners
Prom Over —Exams Ahead
Now that you have nothing to look forward to but exams don't add another worry by having a car that won't "perc" properly. Run in and let Doc give it the once over.
PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama Street
After You We Come First Phone 4048
Yeager, rf 4’ 0 0 Hearne, 2b 3 0 1 Thompson, ss 5 1 2 Smithson, lb :... ...3 1 1 Fisher, c 4 2 3 Eriimert, p ...2 1 1 Warner, p .......0 0 0 Lyboult : ...1 0 0 Bailey, p 0 0 0 37 8 13 Butler (4) AB R H Constantino, 2b ....5 1 0 Guleff, cf ...4 1 4 Herrmann, 3b .....4 0 1 Neat, If-p 4 0 0 Breden, p ...0 0 0 Carbon, ss 3 1 v 3 Swagger, rf 3 0 0 Wilson, c 3 0 0 Hamilton, lb . 4 0 0 Steiner, p-lf 3 1 1 33 4 9 Golf Team Bids For State, Big Ten Title % ■ Conflicting schedules caused the Boilermakers’ last dual golf meet of the season against the Illini linksmeh here yesterday to be cancelled. Having already chalked tip their seveiith victory of the current season against Ohio State last Saturday, 14%-12%, the Riveters will wind up the competitive season by entering the Indiana State Meet to be held at South Bend Saturday, May 27, and the Big Ten championships at Evanston, 111., on Monday, May 30. Coach Harry Allspaw is depending on a foursome composed of Captain John David, Bob Hoffer, Tom Marshall, and Ralph Hill which is expected to make a strong showing in its battle for both the state and Big Ten championships.
MeelThb Week End
Since they occupied the cellar position of the “Big Three’ last year, the Boilermaker track squad will enter the state track meet at Notre Dame this week end with designs on a position higher than third. Defending last year’s top honors, Notre Dame will again present a powerful array of talent led by Faymonvjlle and Leonas, winners in last year’s fray.
Only three points behind the Ramblers, Indiana was the runnerup in the meet with a total of 63 points. Pacing the Hoosiers were Trutt, Elliott, and Poorman, all of whom are back this year. Purdue breezed into third place on firsts by Gutting and Wadleigh, who are on this season’s edition, and Bob Lemen.
From all indications this year’s meet should be a neck and neck struggle owing to the improvement of the Riveter entries. Notre Dame and Indiana, appear to be about even in strength again this season. A surprise team might be Butler’s Bulldogs, who have consistently been outshining all of the other smaller colleges in the state. Among the stronger small schools entered in the meet are DePauw, Earlham, Wabash, and Franklin.
The winners of eight of thirteen events on last year’s program will be defending their laurels, and several sophomores, the most promising of which are Harris of Indiana and Purdue’s Ed Holderman, are expected to give the veterans a struggle.
Prof. R. J. Gree/y...
. . . will be the commencement speaker May 24 at the New Mexico State Teachers College, Silver City, • New Mexico.
No Fur No Fun for Moths IN OUR STORAGE PLANT
TO MOTHS
And the time to store your furs is RIGHT NOW!
Get your money's worth; you're not going to wear the furs anymore this season . . . and it costs you no more to store them now than if you waited until mid-summer!
From the moment our bonded messenger calls at your home, your furs are absolutely insured against loss, theft, as well as against the depredations of the insidious winged enemy of your Fine and Precious Furs!
Dial 5011 . information.
ask our Mrs. Heffner for detailed
Special summer rates for repairing and remodeling are now in effect!
• Air-Conditioned Storage • Demothing Process
LOSB&MERCCOAM>AKYI. .’V. i*y
^CacoL OdA,
THE PDRDUE EXPONENT
n^niicoA
Wednesday, May 24,1939
»jr%'
S'/
Classi/ied Ads
Tau Kappa Alpha: Initiation and banquet Wednesday, May 24. All members and pledges report to Room F, Union Building, at 5 p. m. —BUCKLES.
MISCELLANEOUS
TUTORING in physics, mathematics, and applied mechanics for Chicago residents. All summer. Mr Stevens, 11218 S. Church St. Phone Beverly 9476.
WANTED—Students to deliver the Purdue Exponent next year. Write to the Purdue Exponent, Circulation Dept, P. O. Box 226, L^ayette, and include your present phone number.
TYPING FOR STUDENTS—themes, thesis, etc Reasonable rates. Phone 66342. 1401 Salem St.
Gimlet Club: Meet at Sigma Nu House Wednesday, May 24, at 7:00 p. m. for formal initiation. —FRAZEE.
FOR RENT—Two very attractive upper and lower apartments at 130 Chauncey. 6 room and bath. Shown during day.
TYPEWRITERS—All maKes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St.
LOST AND FOUND
All Students: Those whose course of study calls for electives during the school year 1939-40 must make a choice before the end of this semester. This applies to all present juniors, present sophomores except in forestry, chemical, metallurgical, mechanical, and public service engineering, and engi-neering-law. Offices of the heads of the schools and registrar have plans of study. These students should consult the Dean or head of his school at an early date. Those contemplating a change of schools are advised to file application before the end of the present semester. (6-10) —STONE.
LOST—Sigma Chi fraternity pin between Armory and Civil Bldg. Call Chas. Martin, 2362.
AoHces
Summer School Students: Students who are planning on attending summer school should secure the necessary forms from the Director of Admissions’ office at once. By filling out these forms and returning them now much time can be saved June 16. (6-26) —DAMMON.
Exponent Staffs: All members of fliei editorial, business, and sports staff aie invited to a picnic at Happy Hollow Sunday afternoon. May 28 Meet at 2 '.30 p m. in the Union Price is 25c per person payable to either Dan Heiple or Ray Hall. —INSLEY.
Gimlet Men: Seniors whose diploma fees are paid can get receipts and commencement tickets at cashier’s office. —HARPER,. e
Co-op Houses: There will be a meeting of everyone interested in eating at a coo/p board during the summer term at Kagawa house Friday, May 26, at 4 p. m. All those interested, but who cannot'^ at tend the meeting, please call 2667. —WORTHINGTON.
Advanced Militarv : Seniors scheduled for Thursday Corps Day will assemble in room 103, Armory, at a. m. Thursday, May 26. Uniform not necessary. —J. A. PICKERING.
Final Exam Notice: Check the final examination schedule again to be sure that you have noted the proper time and place of your finals Failuie to undeistand or misreading the schedule sheet are not sufficient causes to warrant a second examination. Absence from a final exam will necessitate the lecoiding of a failing grade in that course (5-29) —M. L FISHER.
Exponent Ed Staff: The following are scheduled to woik Wednesday, May 24: Miers, Heiple, Skallerup Ochiltree, daggers, Jenkins, Kennedy, Jairett, O’Connell and Willsey —FRED
YWCA Cabinet Members: Cabinet meeting at 4 o’clock Wednesday, May 24, at 817 North Salisbury street. —COOLEY.
Musical Organizations: Sign up in Music office, Fowler Hall, now for department banquet to be held May 25th. —STEWART.
Sigma Delta Chi: Important meeting Wednesday, May 24, at 7:30 p. m. in the Engineer office —BAILEY.
WAA Class Baseball: The following were chosen for class teams: Freshmen— Ward, Wood, Lasswell, Britton, Cox, Harrison, Kennedy, VanNice, Ade, Murphy, McFarland, Metzker, Sitch, Kirkoff and Pidgeon. Sophomores—Swist, Fishleigh, Perkins, Reman, Morehouse, Reiley, Holden, Spry, Maier and Blank. Juniors— Johnson, Weishaar, Holtmen, Walker, Schroeder, Hoover, Clymer, Cook, Sexton, Shaffer and Perry. Games for Wednesday, May 24, 4 p. m., sophomores vs. juniors. Thursday, May 25, 4 p. m., freshmen vs juniors —COOK.
AH Skull and Crescent Members: Meeting in rooms one and two of the Union Thursday, May 24, at 7:30. —HALL.
WAA Archery Tournament: Class team tournament will start on Monday, May 22, and will continue until Thursday, May 26. Members wanting WAA points must turn in their score sheets at gym office by Thursday, May 25, at the latest. —MOREHOUSE.
Alpha Phi Omega: All members interested and all pledges who have not completed their two hour service period, please contact me either in person or by phone, 8421, in connection with the fingerprinting project. Please make contact before Monday. (6-24) -YATES.
Co-op Houses: Anyone interested in participating in a co-op table this summer will hold a meeting at Kagawa House, 317 Vine Street, Friday, kjiay 26, at 4 p m Anyone who can not attend the meeting please call me. Telephone 2667. —WORTHINGTON.
Student-Faculty ’Committee: Meeting at 4 00 p m Wednesday, May 24, in the Faculty Lounge in the Union Building —WITWER.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Initiation has been postponed until Sunday, May 28, at 8:30 a. m. —BURNHAM.
Mortar Board: Meeting of actives in WSGA office Friday, May 26, at 6 p. m. Bring mortar board pin Meeting is very important. —WOOD.
Fraternity Presidents and House Managers: Plans are under way for organization of cooperative buying plan. A meeting will be held early next week to sign agreements and make initial deposits. Please do not sign fall buying -contracts. See Viehe, Breuer, Houston, or me for further details. (5-25) —CATTERALL.
Mortar Board: Initiation of pledges Sunday, May 28, at 7 :45 a m. at Miss Mitchell’s home on Stadium road. —WOOD.
Senate Petition: Petitions must be in by 5 pm. Friday, May 26 ESTEY.
Pistol Team: All members of the team report to the Armory at 4 p. m Wednes. day. May 24. —HOLMES
Activity Board Interviewers: All those intending to interview Freshmen next year attend training school in room B of the Union at 4 p. m. Wednesday, May 24, instead of Tuesday, May 23, as previously scheduled. —DARR.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• BooktferM
a Professionai
"DEAC" EverytMng for a Cdieoe Education H. G. REISNER
The Risk Dental CHnie PAUL A. RISK-ejBJ. Schultz tulMhM 4h and Main nwna 1101
• jewelers
a Play Golf
R. |. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
PLAY GOLF AT LINEE'S FIELDS Students, employees of the University, and members of the Faculty can procure coupons at the Union Building and at the Fieldhouse at Special University Prices.
LYLE E. FISHER
• Florists
WATCHAMKER / Thla la all wa 4iai, ' but wa da tt waS.
Dorner's Flower Shop
Opfxwltia Ptar OHloa
Quality Flewart
Waliaoa BMk 322 Sany It.
Main at 7th Phona «OSO
Deta Rho Kappa: Picnic and elections of officers Wednesday, May 24, at 6:80. Meet at the east door of the Union. —SQUARED.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Wednesday, May 24, at 7 ;S0 p. m. in room A of the Union. —McCAMMON.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting at 7 :80 p. m Wednesday, May 24, in the office. Please be prompt. —SICKMAN.
WAA Class Baseball: The Schedule for class baseball teams is as follows: Today— Sophomores vs Freshmen. Tomorrow—■ Sophomores vs. Juniors. Wednesday, May 24, at 4:00 p. m.—Sophomores vs. Juniors. Thursday, May 26, at 4:00 p. m.—^Freshmen vs. Juniors.
WSGA Judicial and Executive Boards: Both old and new, be present for final fling Wednesday, May 24, at 8:16 p. m. in WSGA office. —SICKMAN.
Gold Peppers: Meeting Thursday, May 26, at 6 p. m. in WSGA office. Compulsory attendance. —MITCHHLL.
Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the first semester registration, September 11, 12 and 13, are requested to make application before the end of the present year, on blanks to be obtained at the Registrar’s office. Those with previous experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. —STONE.
Plying Club: Final meeting of the semester will be Thursday, May 26, at 7 ;30 p. m. in room C of the Union. Awards for the air meet will be presented, and announcement of the time and place for joint Plying and Glider Club party will be made. Officers for the next semester will be elected. All members are urged to attend. —CHEVEDDEN.
Drawing Plates—G. E. 12: Those who took Engineering Drawing, first semester, may have their drawing plates by calling at the stock room, 3rd floor, Michael Golden Shops, on or before noon Saturday, June 3rd. —RISING.
G. E. 11-12—Engineering Drawing: Students desiring to remove “G’s” and “I’s” before the close of the present semester, please make arrangements at room 202, Michael Golden Shops. —RISING.
Speedway Chatter
By Don Herr, Jr.
Editor’s Note: Herr is a senior mechanical and has worked for the last seven years as an official AAA representative at the Indianapolis Speedway. He will use Speedway Chatter as his personal column to give Exponent readers the lowdown on the 500 mile classic.
Columbia Broadcasting System told its listeners that the Saturday attendance figures were jneay the 50,000 mark. We witnessed the informal broadcast aired from the starting line during a lull in the afternoon activities. It was a chain affair going by wire to Chicago, New York, and finally was fed back to a local outlet. We listened to the broadcast via a radio located in the pace car parked about twelve feet away from the program’s origin. It seemed as if the announcer was speaking into a mike connected to the amplifier located in the car. Actually his words were traveling
half way across the nation and back. —SC— The passenger car which will lead the race cars around the starting lap on the 30th is a cream colored Buick convertible sedan. Oh, yes, it’s interior is fashioned in"^ black leather. -SCMany spectators wondered why Floyd Roberts, a California airplane mechanic, did not qualify with those in the first-day pack. Floyd was the winner of last year’s race. He is driving his last year’s mount, newly motored. We saw the large blonde champion turn several fast practice laps during the day. Floyd told us that his good-luck black cat failed him about 3 a, m, on the dawn of the initial qualification day. While he was working on his Burd Special at this early hour he burnt his right hand rather seriously, —SC— A well bandaged right did not prevent some shakedown running, however. —SC— The lead-footed Jimmy Snyder from Chicago qualified pole position by turning four laps at an average speed of 130.138 miles per hour. Thus the new record made by Lou Meyer a few hours before fell to Jimmy by .071 miles per hour average. Snyder’s car has been unofficially named “Dirty Gertie’s No. 1”—more about this later. Jimmy’s blue job has a capacity for holding 60 gallons of alcohol. He says that the car will give slightly more than three miles per gallon at high . speeds, yet only one pit stop is planned for the 500 miles! —SC— The Boyle stables had a good day last Saturday. Their three cars were qualified as follows: Wilbur Shaw, third in the first row; Ted Horn, first in the second row; and Chet Miller second in the second row. This year’s race will be Wilbur’s 12th contest. He won in 1937, placed second last year. The car which Shaw will drive this year is a new Italian car burning a very special alcohol fuel. Ted Horn and Wilbur Shaw are new members of the Boyle crew.
Debris Sets...
. . . Friday, May 26, as the deadline for those ‘wishing to obtain their copies of the Debris. The Debris office in the Union will be open from 4 to 6 p. m. every day this week through Friday. According to Boyette Edwards, Debris business manager, there are 200 slips in the office and only 160 copies of the book. Those desiring their copies should come early.
Choirs, Glee Club Will Give Banquet
Deufman Wins Title In Fraternity Tennis
Albert P. Stewart, director of y music, has asked all members of '' musical organizations who are interested in attending a banquet to be given tomorrow evening. May v 26, at 6:30 p. m. at Lincoln Lodge, ‘ by the concert choir, glee club, and the University choir to sign up in the Fowler Hall office. '"M The meeting will consist of the ' election of managers and treasurers of the musical clubs for next year. The senior musical award will also f/ jjl be presented. •
Harry Deutman, Sigma Chi tennis ace, played off the first of his two final matches in intramural tennis Monday as he beat Sigma Nu, Bob Anderson, in a three set battle, 6-4, 4-6, 6-2, for the fraternity singles title. Deutman will play Fred Richards tomorrow in the final and deciding match of the All-Campus tennis tournament. In addition to his singles supremacy, rieutman teamed up with George Frye yesterday afternoon to annex the fraternity doubles championship for the Sigma Chi’s. Their opponents were Sam Craig and Charles Schroeder, Delt doubles combination. The Sigs won in two easy sets, 6-0, 6-3.
Prof, H, Jacklin ...
. . . School of Mechanical Engineering, left for Washington yesterday to appear as an expert witness in hearings being conducted by a Sen- f ate committee on the use of alcohol '
in gasoline motor fuel.
WAA Gives Annual Picnic Thursday
BASEBALL STANDINGS W L Pet i Iowa 7 2 .778 Indiana 7 3 .700 PURDUE 5 3 .626 Michigan 6 6 ,600 -i' Northwestern 6 5 .546 ' Minnesota 5 5 .500 Wisconsin 5 5 ^500 Illinois 4 5 .444 Ohio State 2 8 .200 Chicago 2 9 .182 , Yesterday’s Game Wisconsin 6, Michigan 2.
Delta Phi Epsilon is the first and only national professional foreign trade fraternity.
Woman’s Athletic Association will hold its annual Spi’ing Sports Spread Thursday, May 25, at 5.30 in the WAA cabin. Bette Smith, social chairman, and Georgia Walker, who are in charge of the spread, have announced that tickets may be>puchased from any WAA council member, or from Miss Babs in the Woman’s Gym office. The main purpose of the party is to present WAA awards, including intramural cups, class letters, and PI monograms. Senior women who have been outstanding in spirit, personality and leadership as sports women will receive the WAA skin, the highest honor conferred by that organization.
Intramural Schedule
TENNIS Today 4:15 p. m. Pruitt or Venable vs. Parrish. Vitale vs. Lucht or Waddington. Klein vs. Murray or Davidson. Class “B” Doubles Kappa Sigma vs. Winner Sigma Chi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi.
BASEBALL Today f Diamond ^ 7—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Kappa Sigma or Theta Xi. ^ 10—Ward 6 vs. Ward lOX (Championship).
Ida M. Tarbell, famed biography ^ writer, was the lone “co-ed” at Allegheny College in the class of 1876.
Swarthmore College students recently produced a play in which the actors spoke in original Greek.
If
You
are one of the many who will not be with us this summer, you can still keep in close touch with the campus by subscribing for the Summer Exponent. Ifs eleven issues for only fifty ents. You can subscribe at Deac's, Southworth's, Union Office or the Business Office.
Mailed Anywhere
the Purdue Exponent
Business Phone—5038
T':
' i
T >
7'
imik