I? #'
ts
Flu Cases Increase Daily, 68 Enter Local Hospitals
Purdue Exponent
Z-18B
WEDNESDAY
“The flu epidemic which has been prevalent at Northwestern,
Chicago, and Illinois Universities is also present to a more ■ ■■ r ■ g less degree on the local campus,” said Student Health Service inQISHfl LUllCfllOrS
head, Dr. S. J. Miller yesterday. Numerous cases have been Re-
ported for the last ten days, with a slight increase in numbers ^||l |Ja||A|' FIIIaII noted daily. Dr. Miller stated, “The cases are of a very mild **111 111111111 Llllllll
nature with very few complications accompanying, providing proper precautions are taken. Students are advised to keep away from public gatherings as much as possible and to get proper food and rest. Any students who feel that they might be coming down with flu should report this to the Student
Health Service for consultation.”
Febraory IS, 1939
Loiciyette, hidicma
VoLSO
No. 114
Purdue T rackmen Lose, 45-10;
AfbinnerMy Indiana Takes Nine Events
28 Invil'af'ions Issued; Wells Sends Acceptance
Two colleges at the University of Chicago have suspended classes on account of the current epidemic. A rumor that the University of Illinois had closed was denied by the DAILY ILLINI when telephoned last night. Eighty-one cases were admitted to the hospital at Illinois yesterday and 85 on Monday although 55 were released yesterday. Twenty-eight student cases of flu were accepted yesterday by the Home Hospital, making a total of 60 cases for the week. St. Elizabeth’s Hospital reported eight cases of flu through yesterday, bringing the total in Lafayette hospitals to 68. No cases of smallpox were reported from either hospital. No new cases of smallpox have been reported to date, and the two which were reported are well under controll. Miller said. No further spread of this disease is anticipated, and the Health Service has little fear of an epidemic,' since over 2,000 students have been vaccinated. However, Dr. Miller stated, “I further emphasize, to anyone who has never been vaccinated before, please do so at once.”
Jimmie Lunceford Bringing Band For Saturday's Mixer Jimmie Lunceford and his “Professors of Jazznochiacy,” stylists of jazz and swing, will blaze forth with the latest in popular music Saturday night m the Union ballroom for a regular mixer With a long line of successes in the Kit Kab Klub, Band Box, and other New York night spots behind him, Lunceford recently went on tour His style of rhythm has not changed much since starting on the road up, but has remained popular A unique featuie of the dance will be the backdiop, a caricature of Jimmy on an eight foot drum
Records Will Play For Friday Dance '^ith no dance scheduled in the ballroom Friday evening scenes will be shifted to the Union cafeteria, where from 8 to 12 popular bands of the country will furnish music via a nickelodeon. Cabaret style is to prevail with tables, served from the sweet shop, placed around the dance floor. New and interchangeable records will be available to those furnishing the necessary nickels Kappa Delta Rho... social fraternity announces the initiation of D W Woodward, of Belleville, 111
Educators from all over the state will gather here next Monday evening to attend the formal University Club dinner m honor of Dr and Mrs Elliott Invitations have been issued to presidents of 28 colleges and universities in Indiana, and acceptances are coming in rapidly Among those who have already accepted are Presidents H B Wells, Indiana University, W G Spencer, Franklin College, Ralph N Tirey, Indiana State Teachers’ College; L A Pittenger, Ball State Teachers’ College, O C Kreinheder, Valparaiso University, W F McConn, Marion College, Lee Stuait, Taylor University, and L B Hopkins, Wabash College Dinner will be served in the Union Ballroom at 6 30 o’clock After short addresses of welcome by Lt. Governor Henry F. Schricker and Dr. H B. Wells, President Elliott will respond by telling of his experiences in the Philippines The Concert Choir, under the direction of A P Stewart, will present several musical numbers. At 9 o’clock dancing will begin in the ballroom Cards in the faculty lounge, in charge of Mr and Mrs Claude Harper, and a varied musical program in the music room will provide entertainment for oth-
ers
University Club officers invite all club members to attend 300 Students... . . . celebrated St Valentine’s Day yesterday afternoon at the first Union tea dance of the semester in the ballroom Recordings by Tommy Dorsey, Benny Goofiman, Jan Garber, Wayne King, and other leading orchestras furnished the music.
Playshop Opens 'This Thing Called Love' Tonight For Four-Day Run In Fowler Hall Purdue Playshop will draw the curtain on “This Thing Called Love” tonight at 7:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall, continuing through Saturday. Curtain time for tonight and tomorrow is set for 7:30 p. m. and Friday and Saturday at 8 p. m. Director H. Kenn Carmichael stated yesterday, “The audience will find the play thoroughly entertaining and enjoyable.” Tickets are still available for ev- — ery night except Friday which is q L- T practically sold out Tickets may ^pOaKS I piTtOfFOW be bought for 75 cents at the Playshop office in howler tiail any afternoon between 3 and 5 p m, or may be secured by showing a season
pass.
The play was written by Edwin Burke, well-known among playwrights as an author and writer Action takes place in the Bertrand’s apartment in the East Sixties, New York City. Robert Hetema, who takes the lead as Harry Bertrand, IS a newcomer to Playshop produc-
tions
Tonight Ends Frosh Queen Nominations Nominations for fieshman beauty queen to preside over the annual Green Potters’ Dance in the Union ballroom on Saturday, February 25, will be closed this evening Nominations may be made in a box at the mam Union desk At the dance, the 10 girls receiving the highest number of nominations will be introduced and voted
on
Rev Charles C Webber, of the Methodist Foundation for Social Service, will speak on “Recent Developments in Soviet Russia,” at 7.30 tomorrow night in the Union
ballroom.
Reverend Webber spent last summer in Europe and Russia, and since his return has traveled for the M F S S. lecturing on a variety of social subjects. Last night Webber spoke at Indiana University, and tonight he will speak at De-
Pauw, in Greencastle
Hoosiers Break Six Fieldhouse Records By Rolfe Jenkins Indiana University's farfamed track team invaded the Purdue Fieldhouse last night with malice aforethought, and not only humiliated the Boilermakers by handing them a 4510 defeat, but swept off the boards six Fieldhouse records which had been set during the 1938 season and the early days of the current indoor track season. Indiana won nine out of the eleven events. The Purdue one mile relay team started the meet off with a victory, although Mel Tiutt, Hoosier star, broke the tape. Holderman, Bodeau, and Knapp constituted the Boilermaker trio with Holderman following Trutt across the fimsh line and Bodeau trailing Holderman Win Pole Vault Hibbs and Edwards each cleared the bar at 11 feet, 6 inches in the pole vault to give the Gold and Black its only other triumph. The first and last race of the night were the standouts of the meet, with Trutt, Tolliver, and Hedges running for the Hoosiers; and Holterman, Knapp, and Bodeau for the Boilermakers in both distance grinds. In the two-mile relay Bodeau picked up a 7-yard deficit to pass Hedges, Indiana’s second man, handed the stick to Bodeau three yards ahead of Humphrey. When Holderman, Purdue sophomore distance (See TRACK; page, 4, col 2)
Can Purdue's Mass Production' Faults Be Alleviated By Changing Attitudes?
CKrin And Bear It...
(An Editorial) . . . may be an excellent motto for the funny papers, but it is certainly not progressive enough to fit the purposes of Purdue University. Lichty’s cartoon is reproduced on this page merely as a humorous introduction to any university—Good Teaching. As a slogan however, “stand up and fight” would suit our needs more satisfactorily than “grin and bear it.” Last y^ar the Exponent carried a series of articles and editorials dedicated to well-liked successful “Good Teachers” and their methods. This editorial today will inaugurate a campaign with similar purposes, to continue through the next several weeks. Arguments in this campaign will be presented almost entirely from the student viewpoint—a viewpoint which will in many cases be opposed to the average teacher’s attitude. We do this because we believe that many of the teachers lack a complete understanding of the student viewpoint, and because we know this side of the case best. In order that we may treat each side of the question fairly however, we especially invite comment and criticism from faculty members and students. What Is Wtong... . .. with teaching at Purdue? To our way of thinking it is a matter of attitudes. Not altogether wrong attitudes, but somewhat unprogressive and uncooperative one. Purdue has been accused of mass production ... assembly line education. That accusation is not without a background of truth—and that is one of the “offending attitudes.” Teachers, having crowded schedules and being assigned large class sections, have reverted to a mechanized form of teaching to lessen their load of work. Students instinctively resenting this impersonal schooling and knowing that some of their teachers could do a better 30b, have lost the ability to think of their teachers as friends and guides. Most students now consider their teachers as bosses . . . they lable as “sucks” any of their fellows who do attempt friendship or go out of their way to do extra work or to get extra instruction. Wc agree that the University operates too
much along mass production lines, but we cannot censure it for that because it has been forced to do so by the rapid expansion of enrollment. Crowding of classrooms, large lecture sections, full teaching loads, and things like seven o’clocks and four o’clocks have resulted from the larger enrollment . . . these things have removed the individuality and caused the mechanization of Purdue teaching. The University has not had a chance to grow up with its enrollment. It has taken in the extra students because it quite properly feels obliged to as a state institution, but it has not had the chance to build up its physical plant and instructional staff fast enough in
proportion.
Thanks to a four million dollar building program, which will be finished in another year, Purdue will again have more room to breathe. That is why we believe now is the strategic time to begin a campaign to regain individuality in teaching and to fight off the production-line monster.
cil for notes and tests; those like thermodynamics and electrical engineering which involve memory of formulae and knowledge of elementary principles; and many others. Some good teaching methods will work for all these kinds of courses. Others will be effective for some and flops for others. If these good teaching methods and their relative merits were thoroughly known and understood there would not be any problem— for any teacher worth his salt would adopt them immediately. Since they are not completely discovered, however, the task of reforming
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclily
Go To Work...
... on those “offending attitudes,” we say, and Purdue can begin to solve her teaching problems. But attitudes cannot be turned on and off. They must be changed through an extended period of time. To effect real improvement in these attitudes a Well-designed program of progressive training and constructive experimentation is necessary. Part of the purpose of^this campaign will be to encourage the formTation and adoption of some such program or plan We are not capable, alone^ of making such a plan, but we can make some suggestions Students, teachers, and executive officers of the University will have to work together to turn out a really effective program. No set method of teaching will work in all classes. To attempt to find such a method would be only to advance the mass production principle. There are different types of courses—^those such as mathematics and mechanics which require knowledge of basic laws and guided ingenuity to apply them; those like history and economics which require only a good memory and a prolific pen-
“Shh—I’ve just managed to get the class to sleep!”
attitudes must be accompanied by investigation into the art and the tricks of the trade
of teaching.
Almost all universities expend considerable effort in teaching research. Purdue is not the exception in this, for there is a University Division of Educational Reference which has been considering teaching problems since 1925. This department has done work in the study of attitudes and has published articles on the subject. The material already covered by this department will be invaluable if an attitude alteration program is to be adopted.
We ai;e suggesting that the studies which have been made be followed up by a definite campaign to improve the “offending attitudes.” Faculty attitude and student attitude alike need alteration . . . and the process should affect both simultaneously. Students will voluntarily change their feelings if they are convinced that their teachers will be striving to do a better job. Teachers, likewise, will be encouraged and^ cooperative if they know their students will welcome and appreciate their efforts. The Educational Reference division has done much investigation from a faculty viewpoint and a little from the student’s side. What we wish to see is more investigation from the student viewpoint followed by concerted and coordinate action taken from both angles. In following editorials we will discuss several separate attitudes and suggest ways and means to modify them. We will attempt to gather together ideas of faculty members and other students and present them. If any plans are formulated we will present
suggested.
At all times we would be appreciative of any comment mfo or con from either students
or faculty.^dibfmdL
THE PDBDUE EXPONENT
JtOtlhlttOA.
Wednesday, February 15,1939
From One Epidemic... ... to another goes the campus, although neither one has yet proven to be disastrous. Transition from a smallpox scare to a more serious flu outbreak has kept Doc Miller and his Student Health Service working at full speed for the last week. ‘Tou oughta see Doc Miller,” we heard one student tell today, “he’s taking care of about 50 guys an hour, painting everybody’s throat and vaccinating them!” Though many students are prone to joke about the inevitable mouth wash and throat paint job, these measures help to stave off what could easily become a very serious situation. Some University students have been in the hospitals during the last few days and many more have been nursing sore throats and chest colds. We hope that all students who do find thernselves with sore throats and the like will visit the Health service however much they like to joke about the stock remedies. Purdue’s health record stands high among colleges and universities, and we believe that such things as these play an important part in keeping that record clean. Yesterday Marked... . . . the halfway point in the series of employment lectures for seniors. Good attendance has been common at these lectures both this year and in the past, showing that seniors are vitally interested in the problem of jobgetting. For engineers and science students the University Personnel Service offers valuable assistance in many other ways besides sponsoring these employment lectures. They furnish application blanks, arrange interviews with company representatives, write letters of recommendation, and do a myriad of other things for the prospective graduate. This year in addition, they have arranged with Debris and Exponent to print individual application forms for the seniors bearing their Debris pictures and containing any desired information.
the Purdue Exponent Entered aa second class matter at the i)oat office In Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Conitress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postasre provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday dnrins the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail subscription 88.60. Editor-In-Chief. - H. I. Stanb^ck Business Manager R. R, Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor— L. 8. Hardla City Editor D. A. i^l^ Associate Eklitors.. ,G. W. Frederick, K. C. Hoiuton, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. 6. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Busbiess Blanagcr. JM. C. Beeves Local Advertising Manager. E. M. Antraini Circulation Manager —— W. F. Berg Sales Manager. Daugherty National Advertising Manager. H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director. D. J, Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors.... ,Joy Johnson. Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wiekard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor Associate Editors
.JR. L. McDonald ..J, A. Hebbeler,
R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Bixj>onent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North FifUt Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
RErnSSENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publtshers Representative 420 MADiaoN AVE. New York, N. Y. CHICASO ■ SOETOK LO( ASeiLII - SAN FRANCKCO This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue Uaivenity. AR epinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student Mdm. ions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the cditor-in-dilef.
Night Editor—Terrio Issue Editor—DeHoog Wednesday, February 15, 1939
to the Editor
Letters accepted for publication in this column must be accompanied by the writer’s signature and should be limited to 160 words in length. MUSIC HALL SIZE Dear Editor: I wonder when the authorities that be will agree on the size of the new Music Hall. Twice I’ve noticed that it was twice as big as Radio City, and then in between that it was half as big. What, my dear six’, is the true size ? Stevens C. Sperling, ’42.
Browsing Room
By Roma Heidkamp Probably one of the most unusual, yet thought provoking books to be added to the shelves of the Browsing Room in recent months is an unforgettable short story, “Address Unknown,” by Kressman Taylor. In her dramatic handling of a situation involving only three characters, Kressman Taylor, with a few well chosen woids and implications, has torn all illusions from the Hitler 1 egime through the medium of these symbolical figures. This tiny volume has only 64 pages. It IS a collection of letters written between two very dear friends, one a German, the other a Jew, who were at one time business partners in San Francisco. The main theme of their correspondepce is the Jewish sister of one of the men. With direct simplicity, Kressman Tayloi, through the medium of their letterfe, reveals the true friendship existing between these partners. The cunning, stirring climax to this brief book will long be remembered. More by implication than by the actual employment of unnecessary words, does this author strip the Hitler regime down to its cruel, tragic meaning, in the terms of these three representative humans who are merely symbols of the fate befalling millions today.
University of Kentucky mathematicians have figured out that the average parade band member will marph 160 miles in formation during the football season.
Pool Operators Will Convene March 22 Engineering, health, and management phases of swimming pool operation and maintenance will be covered by recognized authorities at the second annual conference here on Wednesday, March 22. Close to 100 owners, managers, operators, and others interested in public and private swimming pools are expected to attend. The one-day educational meeting will be sponsored jointly by the division of physical education for men and the engineering extension department in cooperation with the bureau of sanitary engineering of the Indiana State Board of Health. Complete details for the final conference program are expected to be completed within a short time by M. L. Clevett of the division of physical education for men, who is in general charge. Faculty Will Honor Ag Seniors At Dinner Arrangements are undeiway for the twelfth annual agricultural alumni-faculty-senior dinner, which will be held at 6 o’clock Monday evening, April 10, it was announced today by the arrangements committee. All seniors graduating from the school of agriculture will be guests of the faculty and alumni during the evening. This has been a custom since the first of such banquets was held in 1927. Acting Dean V. C. Freeman of the agricultural school will be toastmaster for the banquet. Dean Freeman also is president of the Purdue Agricultural Alumni Association. Ex-Purdue Co-ed Is Author Of New Book Story of a city girl living in a country town, “Today Is Enough” written by Ruth Lininger Dobson of Detroit has just come off the press. Mrs. Dobson with an earlier book, “Straw In the Wind,” won the Avery Hopwood piize at the University of Michigan, She spent her freshman year at Purdue, 192829, but graduated from Michigan in 1932.
and By Georgann Schilling
Today’s vain attempt is dedicated to those few survivors who are not under the weather from a cold, flu, or smallpox. Things are really flying around; and we don’t mean airplanes Even the healthy people are suffeimg from “new semester” blues. —H-H— The first trade dinners of the semester aie planned for tonight. Only three exchange dinners are now scheduled with the Theta Chis and the Kappas with the Delts. The Alpha Chi Rhos are enteitaining the Chi O’s at a trade dessert this evening. —H-H— Beaus may come and beaus may go, but the kind of bows we are thinking of are destined to go on forever. We mean the newly adopted decorations for your tresses that everyone is wearing now. Big bows, little bows, bright or sober ones— it matters little so long as they are perky. You wear them with your woolen school dress or your satin foimal. Just as you like. —H-H— A tiiad dance is planned for Saturday night by the Kappa Delta Rhos, the Phi Kappa Taus, and the Phi Kappas. And an out-of-town band, the Wabash Collegians, are to furnish the downbeat for the affair. Triad dances seem to grow more popular every social season. When are the sororities going to take up the idea? —H-H— Members of Alpha Chi dmega sorority will journey to Indianapolis Saturday of this week for their annual State Day and' State Dance. The sorority girls will hold their social affairs in the Columbia Club in downtown Indianapolis. —H-H— And was the Debris office ever buzzing last night with the news about a very sentimental valentine that one of the junior editors sent to his Mechanics instructor! All in the spirit of the times of course. Yesterday must have been a great day for local florists and eonfestioners. Early yesterday afternoon it was nigh on to impossible to buy any roses anywhere in town. Yes, St. Valentine’s Day certainly answered a number of fair maiden’s prayers.
Many students, however, do not know all they should about these services. For their own advantage it would be wise for them to investigate and make sure that they are using them in every way possible.
Bold GLnde Blaek
SAE BILL HULS ha^ a funny look in his eye, and MARGE BALDwin. Theta pledge, had a queer smile on her face at the WRH Valentine dance last Saturday. They claim they had just taken a long walk out west of town ... to see the turkeys!
Speaking of MARGE BALDWIN, another SAE was trying to date her and after a few attempts all in vain, she told him that her folks would not let her date on Friday night. Some excuse, MARGE!
Our choice for the “Sucker of the Week” goes to DAVE DEETS. It seems that he had a date with PETE WALLACE. She told him that the Theta’s new ruling was that pledges should not have dates aff^er 7:30 on Sunday evening. After DAVE took her home, ZEKE YATES came along and PETE and ZEKE went off hand in hand!
The other evening SAE Prex!y DICK McGHEE tried to pull the wool over a freshman gal’s eyes without success. McGHEE decided at the last minute not to keep the date. In the gentlemanly spirit he sent a freshman> as a substitute. Guess what . . . even the freshman got stood up!!
VIVIAN PETERSEN, campus beauty queen, has one secret admirer here. She received a beautiful comic valentine from him. On second thought was it a him ? ?
R. S. HARPER, ex-Union Vice Prexy of last year did more than visit the girl friend, MARGARET RICKEY, at Detroit between semesters. She had his pin but HARPER took her a diamond ring just to make sure that none of the city slickers gave him any trobule. And MARGARET wrote back here and told the girls about it. Freshman Engineer T0 Leave For Africa Gordon Mather, freshman engineer, will drop his studies February 18 to go to Southern Rhodesia with his father, who will resume his duties as educational director there. Gordon has two brothers, Robert, Ag. ’39; Kenneth, M.E. ’41, and a sister, Mary Mather, H.E. ’40. A younger sister, Dorothy, is attending a local grammar school. Gordon’s father, A. R. Mather, has charge of training schools for teachers and also 400 native schools in an area of 162,000 square miles about 1,600 miles north of Capetown. The two will motor to St. Johns, New Brunswick, sailing from there to Liverpool and thence to Capetown,
A University of Mississippi professor has developed an eight-head-ed flatworm—and these worms are less than a quarter-inch in length.
MARS — LAST DAY-—
A HONEYMOON lOR THREE IN GAY PAREE!
N farunoHot BING CROSBY • FRANCISKA GAAl \r AKIM TAMIROFF • SHIRLIY ROSS TOMORROW—ERIDAY EXPOSED! CROOKED MOUTHPIECE RACKET!
So 9^
GAIL PATRICK—OTTO KRU(3ER
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lkhty
“Don’t forget to check the anti-freeze and put a blanket on the radiator, and let the motor warm up before you drive—and don’t yon catch cold!”
Mott Receives Appointment To Ag Experiment Staff Gerald 0. Mott, Hastings, Neb., has been appointed associate in pasture research on the agricultural experiment station staff, it was announced yesterday. According to Acting Director Harry Reed, the new position will be in the agronomy department, and project work will be co-operative with the animal husbandry, dairy husbandry, and botany department.
Camera Ciub... . . . last night elected the following new officer’s; William Heddon, president; Richard Oblinger, vice-presi-dent; Miriam Gustafson, secretary; and Ruth Swift, co-ej vice-presi-dent. Club officers urge all members holding prints which have been exhibited before to turn them into the Union office before 6:30 p. m. today. These prints will be entered in the traveling exhibit competition.
ih LARRY BLAKE DICK PURCELL UNIVERSAL PICTURE
andl-
CURDKE E.MUIfOIID'S 'mKroFAumm:
I WILLIAM BOYD ^Vv A Roromounf ^Iclurs
— ALSO — 'Spider's Web/' Serial
THURSDAY-FRIDAY SATURDAY "SAFETY IN NUMBERS" "OLD BARN DANCE" "LONE RANGER"
LAST DAY-
with BOBBY JORDAN
MaHI
TODAY TWO FEATURES "KING KONG" The Eighth Wonder of the World with ROBERT ARMSTRONG FAY WRAY — plus — "THE HIGGINS FAMILY"
Sf-arts Tomorrpw Double Feafure "MARINES ARE HERE" with GORDON OLIVER — plus — "CHANGE OF HEART" with GLORIA STUART MICHAEL WHALEN EXTRA! DONALD DUCK
LU^ — LAST DAY—
Tomorrow - Fri.- Sah The Adventure of Mark Twdn's Mississii^ Divs Alive on the Screen!
DtTECTWt '''"'.pnNHQrBILW COOl^ 1 E4'-'
Wedt]«pdcry# 15# 193$
THE FUBDUE
^huhi-A.
EXPONENT
Baseball Turnout Serves Ward Athletes Swim Today
Hotice For 1939 Upturn Virtually a -veteran baseball squad reported to Coach Dutch Fehripg, Purdue’s varsity diamond coach, this week for the initial limbering up drill of the coming Boilermaker baseball campaign. The season holds 30 games for the Gold and Black batsmen, including a six game southern training trip to be tak-
en during spring vacation. The 1939 baseball season here at Purdue will be head and shoulders above any diamond season in the past for Boilermaker followers of the national game, because “baseball week” has been added to the Purdue calendar. During the “baseball week,” Lew Fonseca, the good will diplomat of the American League, will demonstrate fundamentals of baseball on the afternoon of April 12, and show the American baseball education' movies during the eve-
ning.
Pirates Here
Highlighting the “baseball week” will be the appearance of the Pittsburgh Pirates, second place finishers of the National League last season and picked by many speculators to cop the National flag this coming season. Lost by graduation last June was Carrol Mangas, starting pitcher, and Joe Waling, regular first baseman, along with Harry Krause, alternating catcher, who was with the New York Giants last summer. The schedule: April 3-4-6—At Louisiana Tech. April 6—^At Mississippi College. April 7-8—At Alabama. April 16—Pittsburgh Pirates (exhibition). April 17-18—At Iowa. April 21-22—Chicago, here. April 26—At Notre Dame. April 28-29—^Western Illinois, here. Mav 1-2-8—Louisiana Tech, here. May 6-6—Indiana, here. May 8—At Wabash. May 9—Butler, here. May 12-18—^At Ohio State. May 16—^Notre Dame, here. May 19-20—At Illinois. May 22—^Wabash, here. May 23—^At Butler. May 26-27'—Michigan, heie.
Malcolm Selected Next Net Manager Donald G. Malcolm, Sigma Nu, was recently elected senior basketball manager for the school year 1939-40, according to an announcement made last night by Prof. N. B. Kizer, director of the physical education department. Malcolm is not to take over his duties until the beginning of next year. John C. Metzger, Delta Upsilon, was chosen as alternate, and will assume manager’s duties only in case of vacancy. Official announcement was also made of the appointment of John W. Munk, Sigma Nu, and John C. Swander, Delta Tau Delta, to the positions of co-senior mangers of the baseball team. WAA To Change Recreation Hour In Gym To Saturday Mixed recreation will be held in Memorial Gymnasium Saturday afternoon from 2 to 4 o’clock, instead of Friday evening as previously announced. Various sports that can be engaged in are volleyball, badminton, deck tennis, ping pong and shuffleboard. A mixed swim is scheduled for 3 o’clock. Ten cents will be the fee for men, no charge being required of co-eds. WAA officials invite the co-eds and dates to attend.
Defeats Chicago In Dual Postal Contest Freshman Track Coach Howard Wilkenning’s frosh track team defeated the University of Chicago “Green” tracksters last week in a dual meet contested by mail, the Boilermakers collecting 52 points,
to the Maroons 29.
The performance of each event was accurately recorded, and the exchanged results revealed that the Gold and Black first year men had placed first in five out of the nine
events.
The results: 60 yard dash: Won Py Bancher (P) ; second, Gaulke (P) ; third. Morrow (C). Time,
:06 4.
440 yard dash: Won by Anthony (P) ; second, Frodkin (C) ; third, Stabenau (C). Time, 61.2. 880 yard run: Won by Lambert (Q) ; second, Jarvis (P) , third. Burns (P). Time, 2:08.9. One mile run: Won by Lambert (C) : second, Jarvis (P) ; third, Ratzerm (C). Time, 4:64 4. Two mile run: Won by McLaughlin (P) ; second, Shulman (P) , third, Nystrom (C). Time, 10:64.8. Shot Put: Won by Crawford (P) , second, Mullen (P) ; third. Rider (C). Distance, 43 feet. High Jump: Won by Higgens (C) ; second, Bushnell and Melzer (P) tied for second. Height, 6 ft. 10 in. Pole .vault: Won by Higgins (C) ; second, Bntt (P) ; Cunningham (P) and Rider (C) tied for third. Height, 11 ft. 8 in. Low Hurdles: Stroyeck and Kron (P) tied for first; Stabenau (C) third. Time, 07.6. Intramural Schedule Today Court 1—Gale. 7:00—Short Course. 7:16—Short Course. 8:26—Phi Kappa Tau vs Delta Tau Delta.
(B) (A)
Court 2—Swing 7 00—Short Course. 7:15—Short Course 8 -26—Theta Chi vs. Delta Upsilon. (A) 8’40—Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Gamma. (A). Rho (A). Court 3—Straley. 7 :00—Short Course. 7.16—Short Course. . ‘26—Theta Xi vs. Phi Delta Theta. (B) 8:40—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Kappa. (B) Court 4—Luce. 7 -00—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Beta Theta Pi (A). 7 16—Short Course. 8 ■26—Theta Tau vs Phi Pi Phi (B) 8 .40—Short Course
The Union Cafeteria serves the Best Food cooked just right by cooks who know how to supply every appetiteteasing flavor to every dish. Eat in the Union Cafeteria where you can take advantage of a visible menu. Two fast moving lines to save time. JhL fiWvduSL TyUumfdtxL lAnwifL The Corner of the Campus— ^ Yet the Center of Activities
Purdue Cage Sguad Will Try To Clinch First Division Spot With a surprising spurt which took them from ninth place into a tie for third position in the current Big Ten race, the Boilermaker basketball team will take the road over the week-end in two important clashes which they must win in order to remain in a key position
in their title defense.
In both encounters, Saturday at Wisconsin, and Monday at Illinois, the Boilermakers will be facing quintets which lost on their visits to Lafayette and will be seeking revenge on their own floors. Wisconsin fell 39-31 on their visit here, but gave the locals many a bad moment and Lambert is not expecting an easy time. His chief worry, however, lies in the game at Champaign Monday evening. Since the mid-semester shake-up in the lineup the Boilermakers have been showing great team play, and although Captain Gene Anderson’s brilliant floorwork and passing has undoubtedly been a big factor in the three game winning streak, not one player has monopolized the top honors. For the first time in several years Purdue domination of the scoring race has been lost, but the low scoring in games should explain this. The Minnesota team only managed to get 20 points against the tight defense of Yeager, Beretta and company, and the Boilermakers can forget high scoring when backed by such a fine defense.
Aspiring ward tank stars will compete for individual and team honors tonight in the annual ward swimming meet, starts ing at 7 p. m.,in the Fieldhouse pool. In last year’s meet H. B. Krick paced Ward 5 to a victory by taking three firsts and tallying 15 of his team’s 16 points. Krick will be able to compete tonight since he is ineligible for varsity competition. Leading off with the 100 yard "■ —i—— —
free style, the swimmers will splash through the 100 yard breast stroke, 50 yard free style and 100 yard back stroke. In the 200‘yard relay, a team of four men will swim 50 yards each. Fancy diving will be judged on four -required and four optional dives. The finale of the meet will be the 220 yard free styl^ event. / Regulations of the meet limit the number of events to three for any one man, including the relay. One or more entries from a ward will constitute a team. Winners will buy their own medals. Military Department To Sponsor Athletic Program The military department is sponsoring basketball and boxing tournaments among the freshman ROTC members beginning tomorrow. The first practice basketball game will be held in the Fieldhouse. Friday, the semi-ftnal matches in all divisions of boxing will be held. Winners in each class will meet in final bouts the following Tuesday on the intramural g3rm floor in the Fieldhouse. No admission will be
charged.
Basketball will be continued for about a month or so, depending upon the proficiency of the freshmen participants.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
Shoe Shop on fhe Rouge
■■r MAY surprise you to learn that a cobbler’s shop runs daily at the Ford Rouge plant in Dearborn. But the Ford plant is full of surprises. Every one has a practical answer. Hundreds of workers in the Rouge require special types of footwear. These the company furnishes. So a steady stream of worn-out footwear reaches the Rouge cobblers,
and the busy tap-tap of their hammers joins the rhythm of ten-ton presses and heavy rolling mills. The cobbler’s shop is one part of the great drive that prevents waste in the Rouge. Lumber from incoming crates is sorted and used for outgoing shipments. Waste paper and wood chips go to the Rouge paper mill. Metal particles removed
FORD MOTO
by grinding wheals and metal saws are reclaimed. Nothing is lost— nothing wasted. All this plays a part in making finer, better Ford cars. Pennies saved are pennies earned. Multiplied at the Rouge into millions, they help build the value that keeps millions of Fords delivering dependable, economical service year after year. > l COMPANY
Wisconsin Wins Cue Championship, Kizer Cup; Purdue is Fifth University of Wisconsin defeated a field of 15 schools in the eighth annual intercollegiate straight rail billiard match, it was announced yesterday by University of Minnesota score compilers. Purdue placed fifth in the tournament with a fihal score of 279. The Badger wiimers scored 429 points. Cornell was second with a final total of 417 and Michigan, a close third, scored 398 counters. Fourth place just before the Boilermakers, was Iowa State with a total of 333 points. Folloiving the Riveter squad in order were the teams University of Utah, University of Minnesota, Brown University, University of Kansas, Indiana University, University of Florida, Buffalo University, Oklahoma University, and Texas University. Cornell Man Scores 115 Highest scoring individual was Smith, of Cornell, who ran up 115 points. The best Purdue score was 87, scored by Weisman while Forbes and Weisman each had runs of 10
points.
The billiards squads were competing for the Noble Kizer Trophy which Purdue won in 1935. Cornell was the defending champion until defeated by Wisconsin this year.• *
^taaoL (Ml.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
ThiioLL.
Wednesd43y< February 15,1939
Debaters Meet Marquette In No-Decision Contest; Xavier Scheduled for Tomorrow
Purdue's affirmative debating team, composed of Mack White and Don Paarlberg, met Phil Grossman and Bob Aken of Marquette University yesterday afternoon before several hundred high school students in the Jefferson High School auditorium. The debate was a non-de-cision affair. Question for discussion was “Resolved: That the United States should cease the use of public funds for the purpose of stimulating business.” This was the first varsity debate on the new question. The other affirmative team, composed of M. K. Karnowsky and Dick Springgate, meets Xavier of Cincinnati, tomorrow afternoon at West Side High School, on the same question. White and Paarlberg contended yesterday that business had recovrered to a sufficient degree that it could carry on without the aid of further government help. They further stated that further efforts at “pump priming” would be quite wasteful and dangerous. Grossman and Aken stated that the “pump priming” must be continued, since business could not take up slack resulting from the withdi’awal of federal expenditures. The Marquette men are on tour, having already met Xavier, Butler, and Indiana Law School. They left for Notre Dame this morning. The entire Purdue squad leaves for a two-day tournament at North Manchester on Friday, February 24.
Campus Events: CosmepolltansToHear Prof. Albjerg Tomorrow Professor V. L. Albjerg of the history, economics and government department will speak on “What’s Wrong With Europe” at the meeting of the Cosmopolitan Club in the recetpion room of the Union tomorrow evening at 7:30. Anyone interested in world affairs is invited to attend by club officei's. Scrivener Editors Pick Manuscripts Manuscripts are now being chosen for the next edition of the Scrivener, published by the Scrivener Club, student litei’ary organization. Students who have stories they wish published may submit them to the editorial staff for consideration. Regular meeting time of Scrivener’s Club has been changed from Thursday evening back to Sunday evening. Wesley Foundation Wilt Conduct Religious Week A Religious Emphasis Week from February 10 to 26, will be conducted by the Wesley Foundation. Services will be held in the West Lafayette Methodist Cjiurch from 7 to 8 each evening. Several outstanding speakers have been obtained, each of whom will discuss some phase of Christianity as it relates to student life. Debris Frosh Sales School Will Open Tomorrow In order to train the freshmen in sales tactics for next year, the Debris has opened a isales school, that will be held in the Debris office at 4 p. m. tomoiTow. * This is the first attempt' of the'^ yearbook’s staff to increase technique of the future sophomores in selling the Debris to students during the registrations days. This sales school offers opportunities to anyone who wishes to get into an activity. A chance to get a Junior position on the Debris staff will be offered to those who have been most successful in this sales campaign.
New Executive
'Seniors Should Develop Manners If Personnel Men Are To Be Impressed'-Allen “Manners are most important to job seekers,” stated W. R. Allen, director of personnel for L. S. Ayres & Company, in liis address to approximately 600 seniors yesterday afternoon in the Electrical Engineering Building lecture room. Allen pointed out that manners are noticed by everyone with ^hom the person comes in contact, from the office boy to the personnel manager. The lecture was to give the seniors an idea of what type of application would help them to secure an interview. Briefness, a certain amount of handwriting, a list of experience, and qualifications are Allen’s idea of what the correct letter should contain. The greatest damper on a prospective employee’s chance is his own fear of the interviewer, which should be overcome before the interview takes place. According to Allen, the employment setup is not without its faults, so he advises seniors not to be too discouraged if they have to wait.
Track Team Loses, 45-1 (Continued from page 1)
man, started out he was just ahead of Mel Trutt, but the Hoosier ace caught up with him as they started the last of four laps and finished six yards ahead. Records Broken Former Fieldhouse records which were broken include: shot put, formerly set by Weber, Purdue, 1939, 44 feet, 5 inches; high hurdle shuttle relays, set by Wisconsin, 1938, :31.4; mile relay, set by Chicago, 1938, 3:27.7; two mile I’un, set by Knapp, Purdue, 1938, 10:02.8; two mile relay, set by Purue (Gaulke, Marozick, Bodeau, Terhune), 1938, 8:14.7; high jump, set by Prince, Noi'thwestern, 1938, and tied by Marshall, Butler, 1939, 6 feet, 10 inches. The score was computed according to the novel system which was introduced last year at the Purdue-Wisconsin-Chicago triangular meet, to place the emphasis upon 1;eam/ strength rather than upon individual performance. Five points were awarded the team which won in each event. The summary: One Mile Team Kace—Won by Purdue (Holderman, Bodeau, Knapp) ; Indiana (Trutt, Tolliver, Hedges), second. Best time, Trutt, Indiana, 4:21.1. Sixty Yard Dash—Won by Indiana (Allen, Boyle, Cochran) ; Purdue (Simmons, Wadlelgh, Tykocki), second. Best time, Allen, Indiana, :06.5. 240 Yard High Hurdle Shuttle Relay— Won by Indiana (Denny, Mikulus, Cochran, Allen) ; Purdue (Gutting, Tykocki, Kelly, Witt), second. Time, :31.2 (new Fieldhouse record). One Mile Relay—Won by Indiana (Boyle, Elliott, Jenkins, Cocihran) ; Purdue (Gaulke, Simmons, Luther, Shackleton), second. Time, k:23.4 (New Feldhouse Record^ Shot Put—Won by Indiana (Harris, Uremovich, ■ Huff), 133 ft. 11% in.; Purdue (Weber, Kessler, Winchell), 126 ft. 6 in., second. Best Distance, Harris, Indiana, 48 ft., 6 in. (New Fieldhouse Record). . Pole Vault—Won by Purdue (Hibbs, Edwards, Horton), 34 ft.; Indiana (Gardner, Bringle, Harris), 32 ft. 4 in., second. Best Height, Hibbs and Edwards, Purdue, 11 ft. 6 in. Two Mile Team Race—Won by Indiana (Bente, Barter, Broertjes) ; Purdue (Reeves, White, Fatout), second. Best time, Bente, Indiana, 10:01.6 (New Fieldhouse Record). 240 Yard Low Hurdle Shuttle Relay—• Won by Indiana (Allen, Denny, Mikulus, Cochran) ; Purdue (Tykocki, Witt, Kelly, Gutting), second. Time, :29.2. Two Mile Relay—Won by Indiana (Hoke, Hedges, Humphrey, Trutt) ; Purdue (Marozick, Bodeau, Knapp, Holderman), second. Time, 7 :55.4 (New Fieldhouse Record). High Jump—Won by Indiana (Mikulus, Burnett, Harris), 17 ft. 2 in.; Purdue (Horton, Menke, Witt), second, 16 ft. 10 in. Best Height, Mikulus, Indiana, 6 ft. (New Fieldhouse Record). Broad Jump—Won by Indiana (Allen, Jenkins, Cochran), 66 ft. II4 in.; Purdue (Tykocki, Denzler, Lamereaux) second, 61 ft. 10% in. Best distance, Allen, Indiana, 22 ft. 3 in.
WBAA On The Air—
'The '\^oice of Purdue'
Todftx,.. :: 11:00 Prof. Robert Phillips, Smerfcan'Institutions. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12 :00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks. 12:16—Sports Review, Dick Shively. 12 :30—Luncheoin Dance Time. 12:46—Wanita Wilson, soprano. 1:00—Meditations, Rev. Doyle Mullen. 1:16—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Children’s Symphony Concert. 1:46—Market Reports. 2 :00—Melody Moments. 2:16—Charles Powell, pianist. 2:30—Home Decorator. 2:46—Hymn Echoes, Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 8:00—Symphony Hall. 4 :00—Campus Interview. 4:16—Dick Curtner, pianist. 4 :80—Purdue Round Table. 4 :46—Story Book Hour.
William Holland Winterrowd, ME ’07, will take over his new position as vice-president" in charge of operations for the Baldwin Locomotive Works today. Each year Winterrowd gives two cash awards for the best student book collection. First prize is $100, and second prize is $35. No other school in the country has such a liberal award, according to the committee in charge, .
Classihed Ads
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All makea, atandard and portable, aeld, pnrebaaed, rented, and repaired. New portable maenlnea aa low' aa 829.7S. Suppliee. C. F. Eberahoff, 60S Main atreet
STUDY COMMERCIAL ART at the MidWest School of Commercial Art. Night classes, Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Professional Instruction. 646% Main St.
WANTED—Student bundle laundry. Reasonable prices. Includes mending. Dial 41962.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Brown key case in the Fieldhouse. Finder call 55711. Eldridge.
LOST—In Fieldhouse at Purdue-Illinois game, a flat watch, shaped like a cigarette case, bearing initials W. B. P. Blaine Patton, Sports Editor, Indianapolis Star.
LOST—Metak tripod in box between Ag building and Union. Finder please call 5375.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Kawee double extension 3%x4i4" filmpack camera. Meyer-Gariitz f4.5 lense l/200the to 1 second. $25.00 Call 61001.
Horticulture Club: A meeting will be held Wednesday, February 15, at 7 p. m. in the Horticulture Building. —BLAKER.
Debris Editorial Staff: An importast meeting of all sophomores will be held at 4 p. m. Thrrsday, February 16, in the office. —WINTER.
Alpha Phi Omega: A meeting will be held in the Engineer office Wednesday, February 16, at 7:30 p. m. —STRADLING.
BEGINNER’S Wed., Feb. 22 ADVANCED Thurs., Feb. 23
V. Fitch, B. J. Fisher-J. Todd, K. Ade-E; Rubright, D. J. Bates-B. Skoep, V. BlankV. Paterson, 3". Cook-R. Wiley, E. HarrisonM. McKee, P. McFarland-M. Baldwin. —FISHLEIGH.
Purdue Peace Committee: The Purdue Peace Committee will meet Wednesday, February 16, at 7 :80 p. m. at 448 State St. All members are urged to attend. —HOLLINGSWORTH.
eling Exhibit in to Student Union office by 6:30 p. m. Wednesday, February 16. —MORRISON.
Poultry . Club: Meeting at 7:30 p. m^ Wednesday, February 16, in thb Poultry Building. All agricultural short course students are welcome. —JENKINS.
ME 61, ME 62: Make-up examinations will be given Saturday, February 26, at 1 p. m. in ME 301. Those contemplating taking either of the above should notify the undersigned. (2-24) ’ —BOLZ. Zouaves: All members wishing keys please meet in the Armory Wednesday, February 16, at 4 p. m. —ECHTERLING.
Purdue Engineer: The following men' report to the Engineer office at 4 p. m." Wednesday, Februax’y 16: Martinek, Stephens, Adanis, Worthington, Hawkins, Richardson, and Kennedy. —CATTERALL.
Sigma Delta Chi; There will be a meeting Thursday, February 16, at 6 p. m. in room C of the Union. —BAILEY.
Fraternity Presidents: Please call for your crests in Union office Wednesday, February 16. —DEMARS.
Unorganized Students: Any group of unorganized men desiring to form a basketball team 'to participate in Intramural "B” basketball should notify, the Intramural Office at once. (2-17) —CLEVETT. Glider Club: All, members who expect to be active this semester must attend the meeting Wednesday, February 16, at 7:16 p. m. in the Union. —BUELL.
Freshmen: All non-fraternity men who wish to work on the Independent report to the PI A office in the Union Building at the meeting at 7 p. m. Wednesday, February 16. —FELDMAN.
Motorcycle Club: Meeting in room A of the Union Thursday, February 16, at 7 p. m. —STRIEBY.
WAA Volleyball: Varsity teams are as follows; M. Kennedy, O. Ade, M. Smith, E. Kirkhoc, E. Harrisson, B. Smit)^ DHolden, E. Westover, L. Heiser, M. Butz, R. Swift, J. Spry, M. Johnson, B. Spears, M. Glymer, J. Schafer/. P. Swiok, and R Maier. The varsity games will he held Friday, February 17, at 8 p. m. in the Women’s Gym, All girls are expected to practice Wednesday, February 16, at 4 p. m. f —SWICK. Mathematics Conditions: Examinations for removal of conditions in mathematics will be held Saturday, March 25, in the Recitation Building. AJl students who plan to take the exam should register with the instructor who gave the C before February 15. (2-18) —MARSHALL. Society of Automotive Engineers: Important meeting ’Thursday, February 16, at 4 p. m. in room 3 of the Mechanical Bngin^ring Building. of combined spring meeting ancT paper contest. All members please be present. —HERR.
WAA Riflery: Wednesday, February 16: Ward 3 at 6:16; make-up at 7: Kappa Kappa Gamma at 7 :46 : Pi Beta Phi at 8 :80. Make up practices immediately, as teams will be chosen soon. —SMITH.
Activities Charts; May still be obtained at the activities Bureau, room B of the Union. The office is open every day from 4 to 6 p. m. (2-16) —SMITH.
Purdue Flying Club: Members who are not present at the meeting of Thursday, February 16, at 7 :S0 p. m. in roopa C oI the Union, and who have not paid their dues to date will be placed on the inactive list. Inactive class A members will be grounded. Post of treasurer must be filled. —KNIGHT.
Fraternity Presidents: Please turn In all unsold tickets and money for Interfraternity Ball to me immediately. (2-17) —MANLOVE.
All Junior Co-eds: Very important meeting in reception room Of Union, Wednesday, February 16, at 4 p. m. —COOLEY.
WSGA—Executive Board: A meeting will be held in the office Wednesday, February 16, at 7:46 p. m. —COOLEY.
Mortar Board; A short but important ueeting will be held Wednesday, February 15, at 6 p. m. in the WSGA office. —WOOD.
Battery Athletic Officers: Alert entries for finals and semi-finals in the boxing tournament. Prepare battery basketball teams for practice game, Thursday, February 16. , —BECKLEY.
WAA Deck Tennis: All girls in deck tennis tournament must play off first round by end of this week. (2-17) —WALKER. WAA Basketball: All girls who wish to play in the intramural basketball tournament must have one practice in to be eligible for the tournament. (2-17) —REIMAN. Military Freshmen: Entries in all weights for the semi-finals boxing bouts will secure medical certification at the Student Health Service any time during the afternoon of, Friday, February 17, and report to the Fieldhouse at 6:30 p. m. with medical certificate for the semi-finals. Finals are scheduled for the evening of Tuesday, February 21. —BECKLEY.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting in room C of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Wednesday, February 16. Pledging will be discussed. —HALL.
Scabbard and Blade: Important meeting in room I and 2 of the Union Thursday, February 16, at 7:30 p. m. Pledges will be selected. —ZIMMER.
Agriculturist Staff: Meeting of the board of control on Wednesday, February 16, at 4 p. m. in room 118 of Agricultural Hall. —KINGSLEY. WAA Members; All girls may pay WAA dues in the WAA office any night next week at 4 p. m. They may also get applications for the 'V^A Council next Saturday, February 18. Girls who have paid their dues may receive a constitution at any time. WAA membership list will be posted Monday, February 13—girls will please check their names. —MERRITT.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Thursday, February 16, at 7 :30 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. —AYASUN.
Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting in room A of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Wednesday, February 16. Important that all actives be present. —KECK,
WAA Badminton: Tournament entries are posted on bulletin board in women’s ■ gym. First round must be played off by Friday, February 17. —FISHLEIGH.
Camera Club: Please turn prints for Trav-
Registration Workers: Students who worked for the Registrar during the second semester registration and turned in their time promptly, may get their checks by calling at the Registrar’s office. (2-16) —STONE.
YOU CAN RENT SERVICE WARE FOR DINNERS OR PARTIES
Gl LLESPI E'S
PHONE 6405
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE DF SI|UAltE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
Silver Masks: There will be an important meeting in the men’s lounge of the Union at 7:30 p. m. sharp Wednesday, February 15. —tLEVIN. WAA Badminton: The following girls must have their first round of the tournament played by Friday, February 17, or else forfeit: L. Heiser-K. Merritt; M. 'Ward-
Sporls Staff Important meeting of all freshmen, sophomore and junior members of the Exponent Sports Staff at 7:30 tonight in Union offices. Any freshmen or sophomores interested in trying out for the staff, who have not been out yet this year, are requested to attend this meeting. McDonald.
ANNOUNCING BALLROOM CLASSES OPEN Phone 2150
ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
QUALITY Cleaning
At a price you can afford to pay. Suits — Overcoats Plain Dresses Silk or Wool 59e CASH AND CARRY Our Finest Cleaning
Men’s Felt Hats
CLEANERS West Lafayette Office 134 East State St. Lafayette Office Cor. 9th & Main Sts.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. ). BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Professional
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. - Opposite .Poat Office- - - Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 j9Vi Vine West Cafayetta Phone 4965
• Florists
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Building 4h and Main l^ona 5701
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050