H
Dr.J.R.VanPeltTo
Speak Here Tonight
At Meeting Of AIME
Dr. J. R. Van Pelt, assistant director of the Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago, will address the meeting of the American Institute of Metallurgical Engineers tonight in the Union tower room at 7:80 o’clock. Dr. Van Pelt is, at present, chairman of the national membership committee of AIME. Van Pelt, along with A. C. Carlton and W. E. Jewell, is being brought here by R. G. Bowman. Bowman has recently been selected counselor for the Purdue AIME chapter. He is general superintendent of the East Chicago plant of the International Smelting and Refining Company. A. C. Cai-lton, curator of Geology and Mineral Industries at the Museum of Science and Industry, is the newly elected chairman of the Chicago section of the AIME. W. E. Jewell is superintendent of the Merchant Mill of the Inland Steel Company in East Chicago. He is the former chairman of the Chicago section.
Dr. Esselen To Speak To Chemical Students
Dr. Gustavus J. Esselen, Jr., president of the Gustavus J. Esselen, Inc., of Boston, Mass., will address the University Section of the American Chemical Society at its meeting January 19, at 7:30 p. m. in the Electrical Engineering Building. Esselen’s subject will be, “Air Bubble Formation in Water as Revealed by Ultra-Slow Motion Photogiaphy.” Dr. Esselen is the author of numerous papers and has collaboi’ated with C. H. West in translating the “Textbook of Cellulose Chemistry.” Tie is a member of the American Chemical Society; National Academy of Science, for which he has twice been a delegate to the International Union of Chemists; American Institute of Chemical Engineers; Association of Consulting Chemists, and Chemical Engineers; American Association for the Advancement of Science; Society of Chemical Industries of Great Britain; and National Research Council of the American Chemical Society. He received A. B. and Ph. D. degrees from Haivard in 1909 and in 1912. Since 1912 he has been associated with General Electric’s Reseaich division; Chemical Products Co., as managei; Arthur D. Little in lesearch; and Skinner, Sherman and Esselen as vice-president and dupctor of reseaich. Since 1930 he has seived as president of Gustavus J. Esselen, Inc.
June Spry...
Purdue Exponent
Z-18S
Stewart Will Speak On Finance Before Activities Leaders
WEDNESDAY
January 11,1939
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 89
Students with an interest in fi-
Sympl^^ Band To Play For Annual A^onference ■\^si^ors t6 the Agricultural Conference wm have an opport^ity to hear the University Symphonic Ba^d in its first pub-
Attendance Records
Set By Delegates
ttoity to hear the University Symphonic B^d
lic\)^eK^ of this year tomorrow night at ^d^clock in the Memorial GymnaMtim. Under the direction orBrnlJ^ul S. Emrick, the 90-piece b^d, which is noted for its symphonic arrangements, will prfesent a concert of popular classical music and
. Ni I., iiiT" I .1 famous numbers.
David E. Ross Speaks On 'Some State Tax Problems;' Lingo Addresses Women On State Safety Program
Winter Announces Color Scheme For 1939 Debris Cover
“Gold lettering upon an eggshell colored background has been chosen for the ’39 Debris cover, announced Fred Winter, editor of this year’s Debris. The hard case leather covis decorated by gold fleur-de-lis. Centered in an oval “DEBRIS” is printed in old-style-type letters of gold. The attractive cover is reminiscent of the 1860’s. It is in keeping with the theme of the 1939 Debris which is “going back seventy years.” Just before vacation the printing contract for the Debris was given to the Benton Review Shop of Fowler, Ind. At present the yeai'book IS more than half completed. It will be sent to the printers on March 20, and will be distributed May 1. According to the present plans of the staff, there will be from 2,500 to 3,000 copies printed.
Due to the success of the concert presented last year before the Indiana State Agricultural Association, Prof. Emrick has consented to give a full hour program. Varied Program Rossini’s Overture to the opera. Barber of Seville W’ill open the concert, followed by one of Brahm’s lighter compositions, the popular Hungarian Dance No. 6. The next number will be of particular interest to high school students since it is a national contest number, the Suite to Atlantis by Sarranek. This Suite in four parts pictures the rise and fall of the mythical continent Atlantis. To conclude the program the band will play Johann Straus’ waltz Die Fledermaus. The program is open to the public and all of those interested are invited to attend.
“Attendance records are falling every- day,” said Prof. G. M. Frie^ concerning the Agricultural Conference now in progress on Ime campus. “We are out ahead of last year’s total at this time by almost 500 and only about one-third of the expected delegates have registered,” continued Frier who has had charge of the conference for the last 30 years. He, at the present time, has charge of all agricultural short course throughout the entire state. 1
nance will receive inside information olfi the subject at the Activities Bureau Leadership School tomorrow at 7:15 p. m. in the main lectttre room in Stanley Coulter Hall. R. B. Stewart, University controller, and one of the leading authorities in the U. S. on the subject, will address the group on “Finance.” The ever-increasing importance of personality in relation with student finance and responsibility will be stressed. Problems surrounding the drawing up of a budget will be explained by Stewart. After the talk an open forum will be held for the benefit of those desiring further information.
Dean Stratton Speaks At Presidents' Council
Local Airport Mentioned In Expansion Plan
Officials in Washington prepar-
ing data on the cost of developing 15 airpoits in Kentucky and Indiana, mentioned Lafayette as one of the proposed sites. Civil aeronautical officials are expected to submit a report to Congress early next
month. The development would be effected with Federal assistance.
Capt. L. I. Aretz, operations manager at the airport stated last Tuesday that civil aeronautical engineers visited the University“airport and made a complete survey of the giounds and facilities for flying seveial months ago.
Dean Dorothy C. Stratton addressed the regular meeting of the WSGA President’s Council which was held yesterday afternoon in room B of the Union. Dean Stratton suggested a general meeting of the house presidents of all women’s houses to discuss house problems. These presidents would represent sorority and independent houses and the residence halls. Finals, housing problems for second semester, and housing conditions in private houses were discussed. Dean Stratton also suggested that the houses try to impiove the girls’ general knowledge of world events by subscribing to cm lent events magazines and papeis. There will be no more meetings of the Council until next semester.
David E. Ross, president of the University Board of Trustees and member of the county tax adjustment board, spoke before farmers attending the conference on the subject of “Some State Tax Problems.” “You must figure out what you want and what you are willing to pay for and then tell your state legislator,” Ross advised. Ross urged that politics be divorced from the state’s educational program. He concluded with the admonition “That if you don’t want dictatorship, then for God’s sake keep your democracy.” Besides the general session, yesterday’s program included the annual Rural Amusement Contest, the state meeting of the Indiana Farm Management Association, Indiana Horticultural Society, Indiana Potato Glowers’ Association, and eleven specialized sectional meetings of agricultural engineering, agronomy, beekeeping, botany, entomology, dairying, farm management, horticulture, and care of livestock and poultry. Joseph Lingo, University safety specialist, spoke before several thousand women attending the home economics section in the Memorial Gym. Speaking on safety he stated that 26 per cent less persons were killed m Indiana last year than in 1937. He said “Indiana is farther ahead in safety education than any other state . . .” Headlining today’s events will be the general session at 7:30 this evening in the Jefferson High School Gym. A. P. Stewart, University mu(Continued on page 4)
... of South Bend, University chemistiy student, has filed suit foi $5000 against Neal Hans, in whose car she rode, and Allen and Louise Parkinson of Rensselaer for injuries received in an automobile accident which occurred last July. ^
To advance the local field from its present rating of Class “one” field to a Class “three” field would require the blacktopping of the northwest-southeast runway which would extend 3,500 feet diagonally across the field. The northeastsouthwest runway has been in use foi more than a year.
67 County Choruses, 1100 Women Will Sing In Ag Conference Music Festival Tonight At 7;30
G-Man Will Speak Here Tomorrow
Participating in the annual gigantic music festival as a feature of the Agricultural Conference now in progress at the University, 1100 Hoosier farm women representing 67 counties, will sing tonight in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium.
^According to Albert P. Stewart,
Haiold H. Reinecke, Special Agent in charge of the Indiana Division of the Federal Bureau of Investigation will stop off at the Univeisity long enough tomorrow to tell how his organization has been able to outsmart most of the countiy’s criminals most of the time.
He will address students, particularly seniors, who might be interested in obtaining positions with the FBI, although according to his own statement he is not here to employ anyone at present. Special Investigator Reinecke has been a G-Man for the past thirteen and one-half years and has had experience ranging from busting the Hollywood movie trust to chasing kidnapers. To the casual observer he has the appearance of a prosperous business man. He is. The apprehending of criminals has become a highly organized business and Reinecke will explain the modern methods in crime detection and enumerate the qualifications necessary for G-men. Lab Technicians Hi.s talk should prove of special Interest to seniors who might qualify as technichians in the FBI laboratories, maintained by the Bureau for scientific crime detection, and rated as one of the best of its
Harold H. Reinecke, Special Agent in charge of the Indiana Division, Federal Bureau of Investigation, will speak tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the main lecture room, Electrical Engineering Building.
kind. The FBI employs trained chemists, biochemists, metallurgists, toxicologists, biologists, physicists and others to develop new methods of analysis, identification, and classification of materials ,that might aid m its Avork. Pioblems confronting these technicians range from the analysis of mud pai tides, metals, and blood to classification of rope and human hail. The fields ot poisons, explosives, ballistics, ladio, micro-analy-sis of mateiials, and many others die being developed thoroughly to make the most of dues found at the scene of a ciime. Kidnaping Stimulus Fioin a small beginning in 1908, when it was pi mcipally a fact-find-ing organization, the FBI has enlarged, under the stimulus of the Lindbergh kidnaping, to the apprehension of kidnapers and interstate criminals until now the organization includes 608 persons. Since 1908 only 12 agents have died in the line of duty, and it is the policy of the department to provide for the dependents of such men through a voluntary fund maintained by the donations of each member. At present, through a civilian fingerprint file, the FBI is engaged in locating victims of amnesia.
University choral director, who is in charge of the festival program there will be 200 more women participating than in last year’s record group. Many of these county choruses, Stewart stated, have arranged to have all their voices taking part in one huge choir of nearly 1,000. Attendance Trophy The attendance tiophy, given for the first time last year by the Tippecanoe County chorus, will be awarded during the evening. It is aAAmrded to the group traveling- the gieatest distance as determined by multiplying the number of chorus lepresentatives by the miles from (Continued on page 4)
Co-ed PE's To Get Exam At Final Class Meeting
Board of Trustees...
Tiny Hill To Play Here Friday Night At Foresters' Ball
. . . president David E. Ross who presided at the general session of the Agricultural Conference yesterday afternoon in Eliza Fowler Hall.
Music in the North woods will be the illusion presented Friday evening in the Union Ballroom when Tiny Hill and his orchestra play for the annual Foresters' Ball from nine till midnight. The orchestra just closed a long engagement at the Melody Mill Ballroom in Chicago. Hill is well known for his novel and striking arrangements of syncopation, while Harold Osborne does his part on the vocals. The decorations will be those of a North Woods logging camp with, a woodland background, and hills and streams helping to produce a realistic picture. Balsam incense, miniature axes, saws, and hatchets will complete the scenery. Sponsoring the affair jointly, the Forestry Club and Xi Sigma Pi have placed tickets on sale at Deac’s Southworth’s, Kienly’s, and at the west Union desk. The dance will be semi-formal with corsages not in order, the entire student body is invited, and bids sell for one doUar.
Hal Lieber
. . . and his orchestra will play for the regular Union mixer Satui-day evening from nine until midnight. Lieber, who has played here before on several occasions, engaged in the battle of bands with Bud Bryant the night after the Indiana game, November 19.
Open House Today At Residence Hails
The Women’s Residence Halls ivill hold open house this afternoon from 4:15 to 6 for the women attending the Agricultural Conference.
THE WEATHER
Girls living in the halls will act as guides and show the guests over the buildings. Tea will be served later in the afternoon. Approximately 700 guests are expected.
Forecast for Indiana: Cloudy today; somewhat colder in extreme noith poition. Paitly cloudy tomoiiow with continued cold.
As announced by Jean Ragsdale and Phyllis Julian the open house for the faculty and students will be held February 5.
Study—'Everybody’s Doing It’ As Final Exams DrawiNearer
By Jane Briscoe
Finals will be given to all Qo-ed physical education students at the last meeting of the class, according to an announcement made by Miss Helen Hazelton, head of. the PE department. Activity will determine the type of final. No typed review sheets have been given out by the instructors. The final gi-ade for the semester will be averaged according to the scale of 30 per cent for skill, 40 per cent for improvement, 20 per cent for the written test, and 10 per cent for attendance.
Seven moie school days till finals —sounds about like the papers announcing so many shopping days until Chiistmas. I can say this, hoAA^ever, at the end of the seven days it is not quite the enjoyable situation that Ave experience at the end of the Christmas shopping days. The theme song of all the students now probably is “Everybody’s Doing It”—you knoAv Avhat I mean don’t you? Why, cramming, of course. Psychologists say that cramming does a peison more serious harm than good ,but I heard it said by one of the gieat pei sonages on this campus that he ahvays found it beneficial to spend those last feAV minutes sharpening up on the main points of the semester. “After You’ve Gone” There aie ahvays some people who have been flunking all semester. They just study and study, but can’t seem to leain a thing. These are usually the people that come out by getting 30 dollais taken off their tuition next seinesteii Then, there are those people Avho never study, they just don’t need to everything comes natural to them The next semester, Ave aviU probably hear his girl-friend or her boyfriend singing the familiar song “After You’ve Gone.” Oh, of course, there are some exceptions to every rule though, you must remember. At last, we come to the majority of students, the average group,
that always get by and usually make the grade in the designated four years. An Afterthought The folloAving ditty is just an afterthought: Now heed my children. And yon shall not fear The many finals You’ll take this year.
There’s Physics, and Chemistry and Mechanics and such. And Latin and German and French and Dutch; There are many more I Avill not name. But you’ll be having- them just the same.
Noav Johnny and Freddie and Bobby and Joe, Your studying- comes first, as you knpAv; / But if you get in the mood for a show. Call up Sally or Betty or Jeannie or Flo.
Whether you’re a Butcher, Baker, or Candlestick Maker, In after years no one will know. Whether you spent all >our nights studying. Or Avhether yo/u went to that show.
Now this ends my story. If you’ve read it don’t pout, Just think of Mei I’ll probably flunk out 1 !Y
T
Y r
^dUbofuat
THE POBDUE EXPONENT
J-miuMA.
Wednesday, January 11,1939
Indiana University... . . . this January will inaugurate what they term a “streamlined registration” process which will “remove the long waiting in line, the many rewritings of one’s name and other vital statistics at registration, and the subsequent endurance tests attendant upon class enrollment.” The lU students will register on different days according to schools for two weeks. This plan is supposed to eliminate much of the red tape and lost motion which' traditionally accompanies the registration procedure. Purdue, too, could stand a little streamlining along registration lines. Casual enrollment, by consultation with instructors of the various courses, as is practiced at the University Summer Session might not work for the present 6,700 enrollment. Perhaps it is necessary to conduct registration as it is done in the Armory at regular sessions. It seems, however, that much of the scheduling difficulties could be eliminated if a few of the time-consuming processes were speeded up. Much time could be saved if railroad tickets and other forms were filled out previous to registration, and if students had their schedules figured out in advance. A point in the routine which always causes delay is consultation with the deputies. The deputies seem to be the only persons with the authority to approve anything that may be the slightest bit out of the ordinary. Consequently they are swamped with students seeking special attention. If more deputies could be provided or if the men at the class desks could be given more authority much of this confusion and delay could be avoided. Under the present system each student’s cards and schedule are checked and rechecked many times. There is usually a pile-up at the desks where this work is done. If a simpler system could be devised, whereby one or two checkers could take care of the whole process more speed might be obtained. It is a long while before registration will again descend upon us, but already students have been flocking to the registrar’s office for schedule booklets and railroad tickets. They are beginning to figure out what courses
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for J3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager .>rr; R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors. .G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, E. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager. W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director i. j. — D. J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
Editor — Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
R. L. McDonald J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6038
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 MADISON AVE. New York, N.Y. CHICAGO ' Boston ' Los Angeles - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, _and_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University, All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Editor Associate Editors
Night Editor—Kroeplin Issue Editor—DeHoog Wednesday, January 11, 1939
Collegiate personnel notes Activity Bureau
Lists Freshmen
By Joy Johnson
Ti^hen there is anything smart to do, leave it to the Dartmouth College sti’idents. This time they have very cleverly figured out an idea to test the basic philosophy of a gentleman known as H'tler. Penny contributions from the student bo^y provided a Christmas stocking for Mr. Hitler, a stocking containing four botlle.= of blood. The four test tubes containing samples of Jewish, Mongolian, Negro, and Aryan blood will provide a neat little guessing game for Der Fuerher when he wants to spend a very quiet evening at home. What’s more he is to get a prize of five dollars if he can guess .which is which. According to Dartmouth chemistry department ‘distinguishing the blood is impossible by any known scientific means.” The Dartmouth, which sponsored the Christmas stocking, though, is waiting for Mr. Hitler to prove that he does have in-
side information.
It takes a brave man to try and a clever one to get away with promcrashing at Princeton University. An edict of the under-council provides for a fine of three times the price of admission be charged. The penalty for giving false names to the proctors is merely indefinite suspension.
There is nothing like being forewarned. When Michigan State College freshmen arrive next fall they they won’t need anyone to show them the ropes. They won’t know their way around though if they don’t listen to the radio progi’ams broadcast under sponsorship of the college, which tell about registration, payment of fees, and other foimalities of college life that fieshmen should know. This Ls no doubt the fii.st time that radio has ever been used to instruct the freshie*- Vjefoie they arrive on the campus.
Students vho have been leaiful of doing too much libiary woik, be- - cause of the geinr- iound in muchhandled text books needn’t worry any more. Baltiinoie City College’s Arthur H. Biyan, altei many experiments give.s the books a )Jie^y clean bill of health. Most of /the germs he found in textbooks ^ aie of the harmless variety. It’s just the very old and dilapidated vol-
Company; United States Gypsum Company, manufacturers of materials for building. Representative: E. V. Johnson, Employment Supervisor. Interviewing: Mechanical engineers graduating in February who are interested in sales engineering. Those interested, please sign up in the main office of the ME
school.
umes that should be feared. —C— There are lots of professors who are fond of playing dirty tricks on their students, like springing a quiz when no one’s prepared. And then there are professors who play very dirty tricks by not giving a quiz when everyone has prepared for it. One Grinnell prof comes under the latter category. In class he announced a test for the next class period. When the next class period lolled around, the prof asked if everyone had studied. When the answer was affirmative, he said that there was no need then to give the test—so he didn’t. —C— The DePaul men are not at all mteiested in what the fashions deciee about women’s haircombs. They came out emphatically against the new (?) upswing of milady’s tresses. Here are some of their anti-hair upswing platform planks: 1. It accentuates the girls’ ears too much. 2. It makes g’irls look too tall. 3. It looks too much like the housewife. 4. Girls fuss too much with the up-style. 5. It is unbecoming to most of their faces. 0. The up-keep cost will probably force it down soon enough. They hope. —C— According to the Rev. Raphael C. McCarthy, president of Marquette Univeisity, there should be fewer college students. “We adapt om selves to the mediocre. We spoil many fine bricklayers and plumbers by subjecting them to a college education,” says he. - Colingn _iiducalJDD Jia.s some use though. It has been discovered that of the 1,899 parolees of the New York State Parole Board, only 4 per cent graduated from a college or a profes.sional school. And that all •■goes to pTOve that a college education helps to keep you out of prison. On the other hand maybe it just does not help you to get out.
Not Contacted Freshman interviews •will be continued by Activities Bureau workers this afternoon and tomorrow afternoon from 2 to 5:30 in room F of the Union. The interviews are of about seven minutes duration, and have for their purpose the aiding of freshmen in making intelligent selection of activities. The following list is intended as a reminder for the freshmen whose names appear: Your Name Here? 0. Miller, R. W. Miller, Rail, J. C. Ramsey, Randolph, Rapalski, Rawles, Rawlings, Raynor, Rea, Reade, Record, Reed, Reiner, Rennell, R. A. Reynolds, Rhodes, Rice, D. L. Richardson, W. F. Richardson, Ridgeway, R. Riggs, Riker, Dipy, Ritchey, J. K. Roberts, K. W. Robertson, H. E. Robertson, F. M. Robinson, J. N. Robinson, Robson, Rodefeld, Roesch, Roeske, and G, J. Roberts. Rohrbaugh, Roney, Roper, Roskowski, Rossi, Rugieri, Rupnow, Rupp, Russell, D. H. Russell, Savory, M. C. Schmidt, Schowe, Schumacher, Seifert, Scribbins, Selig, Shabel, Shanhouse, H. W. Sharp, C. J. Sheets, D. T. Sheets, J. M. Sheets, Shelby, Shendler, Shephard, Sheridan, Shields, Shoop, Shoemaker, Shooter, Shull, Shulman, Skallerup, Spoerer, and Spurgeon. Look Again! St. Clair, J. M. Steele, R. W. Steele, Stephan, K. H. Stephens, W. G. Stephens, Stevenson, W. E. Stewart, R. E. Stewart, Stillabower, Stockton, Stombaugh, Stonevic, Stranahan, Strom, Strong, Strouyeck, Struble, Sturges, Summers, Sundsmo, ,Tase, Thomas, Tschopp, Vosecky, F. Wagner, R. M. Walker, D. F. Ward, J. Weir, R. K. Weller, Whaley, Wheat,, Wheeler, and E. A. White. F. J. White, Whitehead, E. G. Williams, R. A. Williams, R. G. Wilson, J. C. Witty, oodruff, W. A. Wright, Yates, U. L. Yoder, C. H. Young, F. Young, H. C. Young, Yuill, and Zuvers.
A special commission haS^beem appointed to correlate and improve the curricula of all Louisiana colleges.
Washington State College has a new women’s physical education building, constructed at a cost of $450,000.
to take and how to schedule them. Some will brag after it is all over of having registered in 20 minutes. Others may take all day. All would appreciate a simpler and speedier process—a registration route with fewer detours and better traffic guides.
4:304:45-
Today— -American Institutions, Prof. Robert Philips. -PuYdue News Plashes. -Farm Facts for Farm Folks. -Sports Review, Dick ly--Luncheon Dance Time. -Wanita Wilson, soprano. -Meditations, Rev. Marion Nollen. -Monitor Views the News. -Story Time. -Market Reports. -Melody Trio. -Benny Walkup, guitar. -Home Decorator. -Hymn Echoes—Mrs. Irvin Jackson. -Concert Review. -Melody Moods. -Dick Curtner, pianist. -Purdue Round Table. -Story Book Hour.
Edouard Benes, former president of Czechoslovakia, has been invited to become a visiting member of the University of Chicago faculty.
ARC
— LAST DAY— MR. BOGGS STEPS OUT — and — WILLIAM BOYD — IN — CASSIDY OF BAR 20 — Also —
THURSDAY-FRIDAY SATURDAY SPY RING LIGHTNING CRANDALL THE LONE RANGER
GRIN AND BEAR fT
By Lickiy
We understand that Martha Place, Deac’s stooge, tied a knot with Bill Cams, Sig Ep of last year. The rice was thrown yesterday. We see MARGARET MITCHELL is demanding a lot of attention these days. Did the boys fall for that Prom publicity, MARGARET? . Several of you eds ought to be interested in the new course offered in the second semester schedule of classes. It is Agronomy 126 —PANT BREEDING. Just another gray hair for the students, and apparently for the Ags alone this time. BILL MURRAY is still pouring out his best personality in trying to date TREVA BERRY. How’s the water, BILL? The love bug has bit again, making one less pin in the Phi Delt house. BOB WEHRUNG has given his pin to JACKIE NICHOLSON. Quite a surprise, we’d say. RALPH STUCKY of the Bowling Alleys, was seen window shopping with a redhead the other night. Where?—at a jewelry shop. Too bad the Beta’s backed down on their promise to send TROYER some flowers. According to HUB BOYER’S story, he deserved them.
“You mean to say that Omar—the guy we work forstarted all this on a single nail?”
Tool Manufacturer To Talk Before ASME At 7:30 Here TonigM
Paul S. Jackson, assistant manager of the Rockford Machine Tool Co., Rockford, 111., will lecture before the American Society of Mechanical Engineers tonight at 7:30 m room 101, Michael Golden Shops. Mr. Jackson’s lecture deals with the use of hydraulic machine tools in industry, and with the methods of manufacture of hydraulic machine tools, which is a compai’atively new field in engineering design and manufacture. Popular Lecture This talk was first given befoie a New York chapter of the ASME in December last year. Since then, the lecture has been demanded by several organizations. Prof. W. J. Cope, chairman of the ASME, stressed that the engineers who are interested in machine tool manufacture are particularly invited to attend.
NOW PLAYING
tN TECH NICOLOgt I FRANK MORRAN • RAY BOLRER FLORENCE RICE • MISGHA AUER HERMAN BING • RE61NALD CARDINER
MARS — LAST DAY— Jaci mef A/s
JACK BENNY-iOAN BENNETT
'^PDHS ABBOPf
Paramount Picluro • !
TOMORROW-FRIDAY The Big House is a Mad House Now ... So Funny It's Practically Illegal!
PRESTON FOSTER • lONV MARTIN • PHYUlS BROOKS SUM SUMMERVILLE-ARTHUR TREACHER Bill ROBINSON
Slides will be shown to illustrate the industrial applications of hydraulic machinery, and a short motion picture will also be used to acquaint the engineers with the Rockford Company’s processes of manufacture. Officers of the ASME will meet with Mr. Jackson in a dinner meeting preceding the lecture, for discussion of application of hydi'aulics to the newer uses devised for manufacturing by hydraulic machine tools.
The only state college remote control studio in New England has made its debut on the aii-waves with daily campus programs now being broadcast from the University of New Hampshire.
LUHA — LAST DAYDOUBLE LAUGH SHOW
RITZ BROS. — in — "Sfraighl, Place and Show' — and —
JOHN BARRYMORE MARJORIE WEAVER 'Hold That Co-ed'
TOMORROW-FRIDAY SATURDAY BUCK JONES — in — "Stranger From Arizona" — and — EDITH FELLOWS — in — ''Little Adventuress''
-TODAY-
DOUBLE FEATURE PECK'S BAD BOY WITH THE CIRCUS — with — TOMMY KELLY — Plus ACCIDENTS WILL HAPPEN with RONALD REAGAN
STARTS TOMORROW TWO FEATURES
— PLUS — UNDER THE BIG TOP — with — MARJORIE MAIN ANNE NAGELWednesday. Tanuary 11.1939
THE PURDUE
SfiOiiA,
EXPONENT
Basketball, Football Squads Top 1938 Varsity Sports Parade At University
T <
i it i It
r X f
By Rolfe Jenkins Basketball and football led the 1938 Boilermaker sports parade, with the teams representing each of the two sports compiling an .833 percentage, "fhe basketball record during the last calendar year was 16 victories and three defeats, while the football team won five games, lost one, and tied two. When the basketball team fm- ’ ' *
ished the year with its 67-61 triumph over Arkansas m December the score was exactly the same as the total number of varsity sports victories as compared with losses In all 12 varsity sports the Boilermaker contingents piled up 67 wins against 61 losses while tying four times for a 628 percentage Six sports teams, basketball, football, track, squash, cross country and baseball finished the year ahead of the average of 628 while seven teams had at least a 600 average The golf squad split even in six meets This includes only dual meets in ppoits which participated m contests which included moie than two schools Only two of the 12 spoits, basket ball and squash, include the end of the spiing season and the beginning of the following fall season It is odd to note that the averages for each were the same both times In the spring the basketball team won 10 out of 12 while it won five out of SIX in the fall The squash squad won SIX out of 10 in the spring and the same in the fall Against conference competition Boliermakei teams did better than against non confeience teams, win ning 31 contests, losing 24 and tying two for a 564 average The bas ketball team won 10 out of 12 in the
Riveters Will Meet I AC Squash Team There Saturday
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
J'jcfy, hmiih, (A. .
Whether you bowl to \ keep down your waistline, or just for the fun of it, you will find enjoyment at the Union Bowling Alleys.
5
MODERNLY EQUIPPED BOWLING ALLEYS
JhsL (pJU/udwL TyismufuaL UrdofL
The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
Big Ten Bandwagon
Boilermaker Track Stars Will Compete In Milirose Games
Purdue squashmen will meet the Indianapolis Athletic Club team at Indianapolis next Saturday Neaily the whole squad will be transported to Indianapolis foi the meet Ac coiding to Coach Clevett, the squad IS due foi a beating in this match, since seveial inexpeiienced men will compete on the I A C’s small courts The Riveters defeated In dianapolis 9 2 when they played heie December 17, so the I A C 4 Will be gunning foi revenge with a stionger, oldei team
confei ence, the football and fencing teams each won thiee, lost one, and tied one, and the squash squad defeated the only two confeience op ponents which it faced This year has opened with two basketball victories, a wrestling tri umph, and a win foi the squash team to set 1939 otf to a flying start with a total of four successes with out a loss up to this time
By Bell, Wisconsin Badger pivot man, is one of the few centers who has outscoied the famed Calihan, Detroit cage star on the hardwood In the game against Wisconsin, Caliban scored only six of his team’s 27 points while the Wisconsin centei made nine points. —B T-B— Michigan is beginning to use football star Harmon in the basketball lineup at both center and guaid Oosteibaan left the sophomoie halfback at home duiing the holidays while the team went east, so that he could be used “when the effects of the post-season feting wore off” Harmon weais number 98 on his cage uniform That is the same numbei which he wore in football and the same one which he wore while playing high school ball in Gary —B T B— Chicago’s victoiy ovei the Wisconsin team the other night is a warning to othei Big Ten teams this year The Maroons definitely do not aim to be tiampled this yeai as has been their plight in the past —B T-B— Noithwestein has one of its best wrfestlmg squads in years Of the leading membeis on the team thiee weie vaisity linemen on the football squad last fall Six of the legular matmen weie letter winneis, while several sophomores look like coming stars —B T B— Bob O’Neill, reserve center for IInois, has little enough chance to play ball since he has Pick Dehner to contend with, but he has got an especially tough break in the openei against Michigan With almost two minutes to play he got the call to leplace Dehner, but the Whistle blew only once in the remamdei of the game, and on that occasion O’Neill could not enter the game as Dehner had to shoot a free throw, so he sat out the entire last two minutes expecting to be called in at any time
An invitation to entei a relay
combination in the Milliose Games
m New York City on Saturday, Februaiy 4, has been accepted by Pmdue, accoiding to Noble Kizer, ath letiQ directoi
Tiack Coach Phillips will enter either a medley or two mile lelay
combination accoiding to piesent plans, depending upon development of the squad in eaily drills Capt Alt Bodeau, stai milei, is expected to run as anchoi man on th^ com-
bination eventually selected Hold erman, Knapp Gaulke, and Maro zick will piobably complete the se lect group that will make the tup
Coaches To Convene Here For 8th Annual Grid Clinic March 31
Puidue Umveisity’s eighth an nual football clinic will be held here on Friday and Saturday, March 31April 1 when close to 500 high school and college coaches fiom Indiana and neighboring states are expected to gather foi a two day piogiam of addresses, demonstra tions and discussions
Undei the duection of Mai El waid, aiiangements have been completed to have the Boilei maker giid11 on squad serve as models for field demonstrations, as well* as staging a demonstration game on Saturday afternoon, April 1
Big Ten Standings
W
L.
Pet
Pts
OP
Minnesota
2
0
1 000
74
63
Purdue
1
0
1 000
35
24
Ohio State
1
0
1 000
45
38
Indiana
1
1
600
67
73
Illinois
1
1
600
68
49
Chicago
1
1
600
56
66
Wisconsin
1
1
600
46
62
Michigan
1
1
500
67
68
Iowa
0
1
000
63
64
Northwestern
0
2
000
62
72
HOTEL FOWLER
The Tops In Hotel Stops BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE BOTH AIR CONDITIONED
For Economy
The Lahr Hotel
It Is Time
To Clean Your Top Coat
Again
• • • •
West Side
Office
132
Vine St.
Phone
7278
For—
Call—
After all of your hustling around at home and all during the holidays. It should he cleaned if you would protect its long wear. Your everyday suit too needs to he freshened up again.
BEAUTIFUL WORK 3085
American!
Boilermakers Face Hawkeyes Saturday, Hoosiers Monday In Big Ten Road Games
Bolstered by Captain Gene Anderson’s return to the lineup, the Boilermaker Basketeers will wind up their first semester activities in a flurry of road action this week-end, tackling Iowa at Iowa City on Saturday night and then jumping to Bloomington to meet Indiana’s sharpshooters Monday night PiKgy Lambert is hopeful that
Iowa, Flash
Gene may return to the brilliant form that made him a unanimous choice foi All Conference honors last season and sparked the Boilei makers in their first four nonconference tilts this year Gene's showing in practice last night minus his encumbering leg bandage, indicated that Piggy need have no feais, as he shot baskets and passed the spheieoid m his old, effortless style
Never Easy Although off to a poor start, the Iowa Hawkeyes have long been one of the Boilermakers’ most difficult foes, chalking up 10 victories as compaied to 15 foi the Boileimakeis In spite ol a lecord of two defeats and no victories in Big Ten competition so far this season, the Hawkeyes will nevertheless have to be leckoned with in the Big Ten, haidwood lace
Ben Stephens
Scoring 33 points in Iowa’s first two Big Ten games, Capt Ben Stephens served notice that he will require a lot of attention if the Boilermakers a^e to stop the Hawkeyes Saturday Against Minnesota he scored 20 of his team’s 29 points to keep the highly favored Gophers in trouble throughout the game.
Paced by Captain Ben Stephens, leading confeience scoier, who has tallied 33 points—20 against Minnesota, the Hawkeyes weie beaten only aftei veiy close battles to Minnesota and Wisconsin, two of the leading championship contendeis Anapol, Stephen’s lunning mate at foiwaid has not made a field goal in Iowa’s two Big Ten games but is due to bleak loose soon Evans holds down the pivot position for the Hawkeyes Prasse, All Confer ence end, last fall, and Lind, aie the leading choices foi the Iowa guard posts
Riveter Wrestlers To Meet NU Saturday
Flesh from a 29 5 victory over the Armoui Tech squad, Boileimak ei grapplers will face their first real test when they tackle Northwestern Saturday in the gym on the third floor of the Fieldhouse Northwestern won its opening match of the yeai by defeating Wisconsin, 20 8, in Chicago last week The Wildcats aie led by Capt Arnie Tayloi, who has lost only two matches in two yeais Other stars on the Northwestern aggregation .lie Joe Gluckman, veteran flyweight and Joe Vavrus, a heavy weight, who held down the tackle position on the Puiple football eleven this fall
Crimson Monday Monday’s encountei with the Indiana squad should prove to be a haid fought battle in the best Hoosiei tradition, despite the fact that the Boilermakeis hold a top heavy edge in this series Strange as it may seem, Purdue teams hold a bigger senes margin over Indiana than over any other Big Ten rival, having won 23 out of 28 starts since 1919 However, most of these contests have been veiy close with the winnei decided in the last few minutes
Top Scorers Of Big Ten
Sports Staff Meeting Theie will be a short meeting of all workers on the Exponent Sports Staff Thursday evening, January 12, at 7 30, in the Union offices R L. McDonald, Sports Editor
Player Pos Sch Stephens, f, Iowa Dehnei, c, Illinois Kundla, f, Minn Lounsbmy, c, Chi Johnson, f, Ind W Menke, c, Ind Stampf, f, Chicago Dick, g, Minn Addington, f, Minn Dupee, f. Wise Fishei, f, Puidue Hapac, f, Illinois Hull, f, O State Rae, c, Michigan
B
F
TP
11
11
33
8
7
23
10
1
21
9
3
21
9
1
19
6
4
16
5
6
16
7
1
15
4
6
14
4
6
14
6
2
14
5
4
14
6
2
14
6
2
14
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St
• Professional
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHAAAKER This IS all we do, but we do It well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A RISK—DOS HAROLD J RISK—DDS LUTHER A RISK—DDS Schultz Building 4h and Mam fmone 5701
Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mam at 7th Phone 6050
43kcaL CMa.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^yiojtUJUL
Wednesday, January 11,1939
Davis, Marshall
Speak At Science Meeting Tomorrow Piofe'^soi J T Da^ IS head of the depaitmciit of entomolosjv, will speak at the Jaiimn meeting of the Thomas Sav Entoniolotrical Societ\ tomollo^^ e^enme at 7 SO in Aa Hall Piofessoi DaMs will lepoit on the entomological meetings of the \mei ican ‘^.ssociation foi the Ad\ancement of Science held dining the Chi istmas holidai s m Richmond Va. G E Mai shall associate in entoniologi at the Puidue Expeiinient Station and on leave of ab sence foi study at Ohio State Uni leisitv, vill also speak on giaduate woik in entomology at Ohio State Varsity Footballers Receive 'Joe' Caps Joe Dolan Thiough the couitesy of a ceitain Mill O«boine of New York City, the 1938 Puidue football squad is spoitiiig something nen m the Esquiie line of iieaiing appaiel—“Joe” caps The caps ailived at assistant athletic diiectoi Bob Woodwoith’s of fice lecentlv and veie immediate h claimed by the football lettermen Eieiything fiom Scotch plaid to camel haii cloths aie the coloi combinations of the lids, tinning the Puidue giiddeis into definite Joe Colleges Engraving Engiaved in the silk lining of the caps IS ‘Puidue Vaisity Football Team, 1938, sinceiely, Will Osboi ne ”
Attendance Records - (Continued fioni page 1)
sic diiectoi, will dnect 1,100 women lepiesentmg 67 Home Economics choiuses m the second annual music festn al Piizes in the annual Indiana Coin Show Mill be awaided today W H Cuiiy’s International Giand Champion sample of shelled Hybiid and R Blackwell’s Giand Champion sample of com in the lunioi division aie now on display on the second flooi of the Union
67 County Choruses -- (Continued fiom page 1)
Lafaiette to the county seat Win ning the cup thiee consecutive yeais gives the vvinneis peimanent pos-se-^-ion Last yeai Elkhait county look the tiophj In addition to the chons, Diiectoi Stevvait has aiianged foi special mu‘-ic fiom the Conceit Oichestia undei the diiection of Robeit A Phillips and seveial selections by the Men’s Glee Club Accompanist loi the evening will be Mis Gladys Mai tin of the Tippecanoe County choius and Miss Edith Mills of the Univmi=ity The piogiam will get undei way at 7 30 p m Choial diiectois and officeis num beiing five fiom each choius will attend a special luncheon in the educational building of the Cential Piesbvteiian Chinch at noon todav
MISCELLANEOUS
The using consciousness in the Western woild of the impoitance of the Oiient is leflected this year at Cornell Umveisity wheie foi the fiist time an assistant piofessoi of Chinese histoiy has been appointed
Modern Dance Students Tryouts for a dance frroup which will participate in Midwest PE Conference in March, will be held Thursday January 12, at 4 p m in the hygiene lecture room —KNIGHT
WAA Riflery Wednesday January 11 Ward S 6 15 p m Make up at 7 P m Kappa Kappa Gamma 7 46 p m Pi Beta Phi at 8 30 p m —SMITH
Roger Williams Club Cabinet Meeting at 140 S Giant Wednesday January 11 at 4 30 p m Business meeting followed by suppei —NELSON Gym Locker Holders Those wishing to renew locker for the second semester must so “ignify by signing, lockei renewal slip at the intramural cheA out window not la- / ter than Satuiday Januaiy 28 Those wishVing to check out must do so before then to lecover deposit —CLEVETT
at one of the following hours Hours for freshmen Tuesday, January 10, at 8 , Wednesday January 11, at 3 and 4 Sophomore horns Tuesday January 10, at 2, Wednesday, January 11, at 2 Thursday, January 12 at 4 Atteildance is requned —HAZELTON
Motorcycle Club: Very important business meeting 7 p m, Thursday, January 12 in room A of the Union Building Be there —STRIEBY
obtained, but must be paid before the examination is taketi —MARTIN, TEST, ALLEN.
Student Senate No meeting until furthci notice All senators are lequested to attend leadership school on Thursday, January 12, to hear B B Stewart speak on “Finances ” ‘ —ELLIOTT
Chemistry 1 and 2: Examinatiotis for removal of C grades in Chemistry 1 and 2 will be given Saturday, January 14, 4.939, at 1-4 p m Application for any of these examinations should be made at room 103 chemistiy laboratory annex before Thursday, January 12 The examination fee does not need to be paid when application is
Scrivener. No meeting Sunday, January 8 First meeting to be Thursday, January 12, at 7 30 p m at Prof Fatout’s, 808 Rose stieet -JUSTIN.
‘'I^^reational Swimming Open swim foi women Thursday January 12 at 7 30 p m Instruction if desired —YEAGER
Alpha Phi Omega Meeting tonight Jan uaiv 11 at 7 30 in Engineer office, followed bv executive committee meeting —STRADLING
PSA Meeting Thursday, January 12 at 7 30 p m in the old chestnut room of the Union Important plans to be discussed —DUNSHEE
Purdue Engineer Business Staff Scott Monson Botsford Winslow, and Fishei le port to the office at 4 15 Wednesday, January 11 —BEHRENDS
Foresters’ Ball Committee Meeting in the Union lobby Wednesday January 11 at 7 00 p m Important that everyone be there. —NICHOLS
Union Sophomores Will the following people please icport to the Union office at 4pm today January 11 Clarke Dewey Mooie Naw Stonei VanCamp Chandlei Hasse, Knepner Pickard and Sims —HRUBY
Activities Movie Photographs Meeting in room C of the Union Thursday January 12 Important Hedden DeWitt, Gustafson Hess Wunderly Veinon Moss Milner please be present —LUTZ
Union Sophomores Will my committee please meet in the workshop today January 11 at 4 p m —BRUBECK
Scabbard and Blade Important meeting in Union room C at 7 15 p m Wednesday, Januaiy 11 —ZIMMER
Thomas Say Entomological Society Meet Ihuisday Januaiy 12 at 7 30 p m in room 103 Ag Hall —KNAPP
Mortar Board Meeting at 5 p m Thuisday January 12 in WSGA office —WOOD
Pan Hellenic Meeting There will be i meeting of the Pan Hellenic Council in room C of the Union Wednesday Januaiv 11 at 4pm —STOL/ Riding Club Theie will be a short meet ing Thursday Januaiy 12 at 7 30 p m at the Union Impoitant for all members —SUMMERS Co ed Rifleri Waid 3 Wednesday Jan nary 11 —COOK WAA No tumbling Wednesday Janu ary 11 COOK
WSGA Executive Board Meeting Wednesday night Janu iry 11 at 7 45 in WSGA office —LEAMING AIME Ihere will be a meeting Wednesday Januaiy 11 at 7 30 p m in Union tower room —LOWN
Modern Dance Students Tryouts foi a dance group which will participate in Midwest PE Conference in March will be held Wednesday Januaiy 11 at 4 p m in the hygiene lecture room —KNIGHT
PEW Classes All fieshman and sophomoie women eniolled in PEW classes are to leport to the Education Building room 201
AFTER THE DANCE STOP AT
WHEELER'S LUNCH AND ORDER A ^^PURDUE MIXER^^ A delightful late evening combination (not on our regular menu, I Stuffed Bartlett Pear Salad and Coffee, for only 25c Wheeler's Lunch
420 Mam Street
24 Hour Service
You Tell ^em, Mr. Merchant; f At this time of the year when many of you are having clearance sales, you’ll want to tell the students of your bargains. An ad in this space will bring the students thru your doors. THE Purdue Exponent Business Phone — 5038
CN£Sr£RF/£lDS the Happy Combination for More Smoking Pleasure ]VTore smokers every day are turning to Chesterfield’s happy combination of mild ripe American and aromatic Turkish tobaccos—-the world’s best cigarette tobaccos.
TYPEWRITERS—AU makes standard and portable sold purchased rented and repaired New portable machines as low as $29 75 Supplies C F Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
ROOMS FOR RENT
FDR RENT—Doubh loom to be shared with student Reasonably priced 416 Mam West Lafayette FOR RENT—Very desirable rooms across from the campus 424 N Salisbury St 10 BENT Boom for one or two students in attiactive home n(.ar campus New fuiinturc and inmr spring mattress Phone 36484
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—^Two tuxedo suits Sue 36 Good condition Call 65264 after 6 p m
When you try them you will know why Chesterfields give millions of men and women more smoking pleasure . . . why THEY SATISFY
,.. the blend that canH be copied ...the RIGHT COMBINATION of the world^s best cigarette tobaccos
Copyright 1939 Liggbtt & Myers Tobacco Co.
Glider Club: Meeting Wednesday, January 11 at 7 16 p m in room B of the Union ^ —MILLER
It T'
% i % 1