i *.
1^
V
^OOK EXCHANGE TO Open Tenth Season Saturday Morning
Etlabllihail 1889
x^nwiem f Daily Sines 1906
GIMLET CLUE WILL Sponsor fntrarSgu^ Gridiron Contest
Volume 53, No. 180
\Vest Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, April 29,1942
Prof. L M. Sears Speaks Annual Military Banquet
Campus Musical Organizations Sing
At Chicago Banquet
Program Features Choir, Glee Club
Corps Inspectors Award ROTC Unit
Prof. L. M. Sears of the history, economics and government department delivered the principal address last night at the annual Military Banquet in the South Ballroom of the Union. In his talk, Sears emphasized the fact that although this is a war that is being fought for economic reasons, there is far more at stake than just that. He stated that if we were to balance the lives of the youth of this country against so much rubber and tin, the war woiild not be worth fighting
since the former are immeas-
urably more valuable. OlylTJia UGIT3 \..ni
All Urged To Think Clearly Rather than an economic battle, Seal’s said, the officers leaving the University are going into an age old battle of right against wrong, and that although all the right is not on our side of t'he scales, there is so great a preponderance there, that all thinking people must realize that we are fighting the right
battle.
Sears urged all the men who would soon find themselves in this battle to think clearly and logically about the affair that they were going into and see that they are doing what should be done. Sears Outlines War Aims Without the fanfare of parades and bands. Sears said, the men to be involved in the war, should realize that our efforts in this struggle will not be for the purpose of winning rubber and tin for this country, but to make the world a good place for ordinary people to
live in.
Prior to Prof. Sears’ address. Colonel Albert Smith presented Cadets Col. N. W. Raber, Lt. Col. J. 0. Dunbar, and Major A. J. Graf with sabres for having offered the best solutions to a problem m tactics; 6r. C. H. Robertson presented the Sons of the American Revolution Medal to Cadet Captain R. L. Pdgd fbl'^ thakirig the highest grade on the senior command examination; Cadet Lt. Col. L. L. Stahl was awarded the Frank M. Cary Awaid by Prof. C. B. Murphy for making the highest grade m Military His-
tory.
Former Head Of Ag School
Rating Of Excellent Dies Following Heart Attack
Distribution Of Debris To Continue Today Distribution of Debris will be continued in the Debris office, beginning at 4 p.m. today, tomorroiy and Friday. Seniors and students not going to be heie this summer are luged by the Debiis office to get their books as soon as possible. When the small numbei of books the book binders ai'c capable of deliveiing each day is gone, distribution for that day must stop. Since it will be impossible to mail the Debris to those going home for the summer, it will be necessary foi these students to secure their books befoio Saturday. ■9 / NYA Students All NYA students who are interested in NYA work for the month of May should see their project supervisors immediately for information.—W. E. VOGLER
To Honor Hass, Hunt At Dinner .Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalism fiaternity, will honor its Leather Medal and Best Teacher Awards winneis. Dr. Henry B. Hass and Prof. Herschel Hunt, at a banquet in the east faculty lounge of the Union tomorrow evening at
6:30. I
Invited to 'the banquet are the winners of the Leather Medal Award during the 21 years it has been piesented, the Best Teacher Medallion winners, and other faculty and staff members selected because of thcii interest in good teach-
ing.
Instead of a speaker, a forum on good teaching principles and methods will be conducted following the meal. Among the phases of teaching which will be discussed aie the relationship that should exist between the student and the instructor, adaptation of teaching methods to summer conditions, student honesty and current campus activities as they affect teaching melhods. Cromer Will Head Teachers' Association Dr. S. S. Cromer, division of education and applied psychology, was lecently honored by being selected as secretary of the National Association of Teacher Tiainers in Agiicultural Education. This oiganization is affiliated with the American Vocational Association which will hold its next annual convention in December 'at Toledo, Ohio. Dr. Ciomer will be lesponsible for the piogram to be ananged for this group of piofessional leaders. The honoi given Dr. Ciomer is a distinct recognition of the important part he has played in the development of the University as one of the leading land-grant institutions lor professional piepaiation of teacheis of agiiculture. Since 1912 more than .500 agricultural teachers have been graduated from the University, and many of those have achieved national lecognition. Scabbard And Blade . . . militaiy honoi ary, announces the election of the following officers; Max R. Spencei, Captain; Robeit L. Hadley, First Lieutenant; Charles B. Leber, Second Lieutenant and Dan C. Ross, First Sei-
geant.
University Glee Club and Concert Choir were the featured musical entertainers at the organization dinner for the National Convention of the U. S. Chamber of Commerce, held in the Stevens Hotel, Chicago, last night. The program included a group of selections by the Glee Club, another group by the Concert Choir, a group ot patriotic numbers by the Concert Choir and Glee Club combined, a violin solo by Vernon Westburg, concertmaster of the University Orchestra, an da gypsy caravan group in which the gypsy campfire scene was enacted. In addition to this, Gloria Specht, acrobatic dancer, appeared in the gypsy caravan scene. Davis Performs \)r. Gcoige Davis, of the education and applied psychology department, gave his interpretations of James Whitcomb Riley, the Hoosier poet, with the Glee Club providing the background. Having appeared in Chicago on numerous previous occasions the Glee Club and Conceit Choir are well known there. In 1939 the Glee Club won the Chicagoland Music Festival. Since then the Glee Club has appeared in the Empire Room of the Palmer House and the Panther Room of College Inn. They have also appeared with On in Tucker and Tommy Doisey. Simpson Accompanies Glee Club The director of the Concert Choir and Glee Club'is Albeit P. Stewart, with Joanne Lloyd as the accompanist for the Concert Choir and David Simpson as the accompanist for the Glee Club. fl ROTC Cadets To Obtain
According to a wire received by President E. C. Elliott from Major General Daniel Van Voorhis, commanding officer of the Fifth Corps Area, the University ROTC unit has again received the rating of ex-
cellent.
Major General Voorhis’s wire read as follows: “As was expected, the report of the board of officers’ annual inspection of the ROTC shows it has met the nation’s present need magnificiently and has been awarded the highest attainable rating of excellent. Congratulations to you, the corps of cadets, and the army personnel.’’ Officers Here April 15-17 The University unit, which is the largest field artillery unit in any university in the United States, was visited by inspection officers from April 15 to 17. It has received this top. rating every year that it has been awarded since the first World
War.
Airplane Accident Injures Varsity Football Player Bob Kersey, varsity football quarteiback and baseball center fielder, fractured a bone in his hand Monday when an airplane which he was piloting crashed two miles south of the University airport. Kersey was practicing forced landings with Instructor Joseph Diedi'ich when the accident occurred. The plane evidently lost flying speed and was damaged as it crashed to the ground from a low altitude. Instructor Diedrich was only slightly injured. Kersey, who will graduate Sunday, has already enlisted in the Naval Air Corps and expects to be called for active train-
ing shortly.
As the Boilermaker baseball squad left foi Indianapolis yesterday morning to meet Butler, Coach Dutch Fehiing said that Bob Riley will be assigned to center field to
replace Keisey.
English 45 Classes
Commissions Sunday Open To so Students
One hundred and seventy cadets of the University ROTC who will have completed their military training here at the University are to be commissioned Second Lieutenants in the United States Aimed Forces at commencement exercises this Sunday. All of these students, excepting those undergiaduates who wish to complete their academic work before leaving the University, are expected to enter on active duty within a few weeks of graduation with various blanches of the army, including the Air Coi ps. Chemical Warfare Service, Field Artilleiy, Corps of Engineers, Quaitermaster Corps, Signal Corps and Mai ine Coips.
Book Exchange Opens Tenth Season To Receive Used Books Saturday
By Don Frier When the Student Book Exchange opens for the receipt o1 textbooks in the Student Union Office next Saturday, it will be the tenth semester that this organization has rendered its service to the students. The Exchange is a non-profit enterprise conducted by the Student Union and the Student Senate. Although the work will be under the management of these two activities, a large number of volunteer woi leers must be reciuited; and those in charge urge anyone wishing to servo to apply as soon as possible at the office of oil her organization. Sales Volume The Exchange, which was handicapped by being forced to operate in the Union .sub-basement last semester, sold 73 per cent of the total number of books placed on sale. In all, 1,136 texts were sold, and the total value of the hooks changing hands was $2,144. It was estimated that the student body saved about $900 through the use of the Ex-
change. Accoi'ding to Bob Seeburger, Chairman of the Board of Conti ol, these figui'es should bo exceeded this year by reason of a moie advantageous location for opetation. Official Book last The Exchange will have on hand a correct list of all texts used in every couise taught in the University, and no unappioved book will be offered for sale. Di awing instruments and othoi similar supplies will not b(' handled. No book, legai'dless of condition, may be placed on the Exchange at a pi ice of more than 75 per cent of its oiiginal retail value. Books will be leceived in the Union Office from 10 a.m. till 5 p.m. next Satui'day. On Monday at 10 a.m. the Exchange will again open for the receipt of books in its pei’inanent location in the South Ballloom. The sale pf books will stai't Tuesday morning and continue for
about two weeks. Textbooks may be placed on sale at any time that the Exchange is otierating; however, it IS advised that hooks be brought in soon after May 2. Disbursements for books will be made shortly after' the close of sales. Instructions An almost lool-proof filing system has been developed during the jrast semesters of operation. John Osborn, book receiving manager, states that the following procedure will be followed. 1. Books (o be sold should be brought in early, and the owners must identify themselves by student passport. A receipt will be given for each book. 2. Sales will be for cash only. 3. At a time and place which will be announced in the Exponent, money and unsold books may be collected by the holders of receijrts. Identification by iiassport will again be necessary.
Beginning with the summer term, enrollment in English 45, Appreciation of Shakespeare’s Art and Thought, will be limited tp 50 students. Only students whose cumulative scholastic index when last compiled before registration was 3.5 or better will be admitted. Grades of B or lower will be determined by the regularity of attendance. Grades of A or higher will be given for work of acceptable quality. The provision that a grade of B will be given for an attendance of 90 per cent of the classes is no longer in effect. Barbara Fleming To Wed G. Mueler Barbara Fleming, H.E. ’40 from Lafayette, will marry Gregg Mueler, also from Lafayette, on June 19. Muelei was a former University student and will graduate from Annapolis. Miss Fleming has been teaching in Augusta, Indiana, since she graduated. Mueler was a Phi Gamma Delta while he attended the University and Miss Fleming was a Kappa Kajrira Gamma. Tsu Beta Pi . . . scholastic honorary announces the election of the following officers for the coming year: Joe Youngblood, president; Haivie Merrill, vice president; Charles Leber, corI'osponding socretaiy; Gilbert Welter, recording seci'otaiy; Walter Frantz, treasurer, and Harry Reed, .Ir,, calalogiier.
Penalty Days ALL STUDENTS Beginning today and continuing through Saturday, penalty day rules will be in effect. Five dollars will be charged to any student except seniors for each day that any class is missed during this period. M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men.
Last Mixer To Feature Lou Breese Concluding the Union’s season of name band mixers, Lou Breese and his orchestra will appear in the ballrooms Friday night, featuring “breezy rhythm.” Along with Breese’s own trumpet solos, the band will offer songs by Barry Warren and Skip Morr, along with a full-sized glee club composed of members of the band. Mel Winters’ piano interpretations will also share the spotlight for the evening. Well Known In Chicago Breese is best known for his extended stay at the Chez Paree Club in Chicago, where he reached the “name band” classification, and for his work in New England where he has been monopolizing prominent dances around Boston for the past several seasons. During each season he has played at an average of ninety Black Bay debutante parties, the Cloister and Old Colony dances in the East ,and has established himself as “Prom King” by playing for dances at Harvard, Yale, Dartmouth, M.I.T., Groton and Andover. Breese Played Here In 1940 Breese’s last appearance at the University was in October, 1940, when he played for Homecoming festivities. Tickets for the dance, which will last from 8:30 to 11:30, will sell at the regular mixer price atIfl.lO per
couple.
Kunish To Explain Air Corps Training Tonight Over WBAA Tonight at 7:45 over'* WBAA Lt. Col. L. L. Kunish, Langley Field, Va., will explain the new Officers’ Training Plan recently announced by the Army Air Forces. It is expected that this program will announce opportunities for college men to enlist in other branches of the Army on a deferred basis and to continue their education through graduation if a satisfactory standard of work is maintained. Under this new program no changes have been made in eligibility rules. Men from 18 to 26 inclusive who are physically fit citizens are still eligible. Enlistment in the Enlisted Reserve will be immediate, and the time of call in the case of the aviation cadet training will depend upon the educational status of the applicant. For further information regarding this plan go to the Adjutant’s Office in the Ar-
mory.
Kunish To Talk Tomorrow Tomorrow at the regular weekly screen review. Col. Kunish will talk to the students concerning the Army’s new Aviation Cadet program. Capt. H. C. Smelzser will also speak on the program. Capt. Smelzser, recently I'eturned from the Far Eastern theatre of war, is expected to give interesting insights in the Java campaign. ‘ A film entitled “Fighter Pilot” will complete the convocation program. All male students are urged to be present at 3 or 4:15 loniorrow at the Music Hall. Better Homes Group To Meet Tomorrow Ideas on home improvement in Tippecanoe County will be discussed at a meeting sponsoi’ed by the Better' Homes Committee of Tippecanoe County to be held at 7:30 p.m. tomorrow in rooms 355 and 363 of the Union. Prof. R. B. Hull, landscape architect; Prof. George E. Loniniell, chairman of the state planning board; Dr. J. Roy Leevy, professor of sociology; Miss Muriel McFarland, professor of home economics' education and Prof. Laurentza Schantz-Hansen, liead of the applied design department will be the main speakers. The general public is invited to attend.
Dean Skinner Succumbs While On Inspection Trip John Harrison Skinner, 68-year-old dean emeritus of the School of Agriculture, died yesterday morning following a heart attack while on an inspection trip at the Miller gxperi'mental farm near Upland. Noted as one pf the foremost agricultural authorities in the state and a widely known University staff member, Dean Skinner had served as head of the School of Agriculture since 1907 until July 1, 1939, when he retired because of ill health. In 1928 he was made director of the Agricultural Experiment Station and the Department of Agricultural Extension, giving up the post as head of the animal husbandry department for the broader
duties.
Accompanied By MeVey Since his retirement, he had been in good physical condition and active about the University and farms during the last two years. He was accompanied by Warren MeVey, superintendent of the University's outlying experimental farms, on the trip to Upland. Dean Skinner was a native of Tippecanoe County. He graduated from the University in 1897 as ^ agricultural student. Following graduation he taught part time in animal husbandry and conducted livestock experimental work here, then resigned to teach animal husbandry at the University of HHnois where he remained for one year.hes^fore returning to the University as professor of animal husbandry and head of that department. In 1905 he showed a grand champion steer at the International Livestock Exposition and in 1906 began the cattle feeding experiments which have developed into important factors in the beef production programs in mid-western states. Author Of Many Publications During his years at the University, he wrote many bulletins hnd articles on livestock production and management, judged livestock shows in both the United States and Canada, and made one trip to Europe to study livestock prodpetion. In 1925 he was awarded the honorary degree of doctor of agHculture by Michigan State College. He was a member of the National Education Society Association, Association for Promotioil of Agricultural Science, American Genetics Association, and Indiana Academy of Science. From 1919 to 1939, he was'a member of the Indiana Board of Agriculture. He belonged to the Indiana Deep Waterways Commission, Masonic Lodge, Central Presbyterian Church of Lafayette, Town (See SKINNER, page 4)
Dean Emeritus Skinner
WAA Presents Skins To Four Outstanding Senior Sportswomen WAA skins wei’e presented last night to Opal Blagrave, Monica Buergler, Jackie Harrison and Mary Pidgeon at the annual Spi ing Sports Spi’ead which officially closed a year of women’s sports activities. Around sixty girls hiked out to the WAA cabin for the picnic supper and awarding of cups and skins. The Thetas and WRH North tied for the inti'amural cup, and the class of ’42 was awarded the class cup for another year. Seniors in Triton were given bracelets and many girls received then numerals and mono-
grams.
Among the guests at-the picnic were Miss Claire Coolidge, Assistant Dean of Women; Prof. Harriet O’Shea, of the department of education and applied psychology; Prof. Dorothy Bovee, head of the experimental curriculum for women, an(l the women’s physical education staff.
Circulation
Staff
Meeting promptly at 4 in the office. Very important.
KLOUMAN
Model Railroad Crew Prepares Layout For 'Open House' Friday
By Bill Fawcett Ninety-one steps (count them if you don’t believe it) above the ground floor of the Mechanical Engineering Building a determined bunch of railroad ‘‘bugs” spend their Saturday afternoons and nights working on PMRR, the Purdue model railroad. Everybody Works What do these men do up there on the fourth floor? The fifteen-odd members include m their day’s work all that any workei on a leal road does, and more besides; foi each one IS a section gang, a repair crew, and an opeiating agent idled into one. When ties or track have to be lakl, even the exalted ilispateher condescends to help When switch inaehine.s aie waiting to he installed, the club piexy pitches in and helps, ,even if his pace may be snail-like. During the eurrent year the railI'oadeis have accomplished much in adding to the layout, which is accessible through the west stairs of the ME building. Almost one-fourth of the present system has been consti'uctei! since September; and iniieh of the older network has been renovated with switch machmers, bridges and new scenic effects.
Among the recent additions have been a freight classification yard, commonly called the “hump-yard,* and a passenger train loop which allows complete circuitous trkvet between the main line and the ter^ minal. While ■the “hump” may net be the only Lilliputian one in the country, it has many novel control features enabling the operator to distribute cars among nine trAdhe with a single controller and to dotard them so they don’t hit too hard —if he thinks of it. Recently each operator has been equipped with a microphone and a set of headphones over which the dispatcher and agents carry on an endless conversation of orderrs aboUt that extra freight or the raaniioist or the wreck at the junction. Thia communication system has been hard un the dispatcher for close observation will disclose that his ears turn crimson occasionally. Open House Next Friday These improvements have made by the club with the possihSit ity of holding an exhibition in view, Thi.s “open house” has been sebfi^ uled for Friday from 7:30 to 19 Some 80 cai-s and 10 locomotlViti will be in operation.r’iff™^’^’"r':fi?r'"''rfT'"''^'“'''W^^''^'‘*‘T^ jy^.).ti.^iiiHj,.tt
Exponent Edttdrial AnS F^citurexFiige WhSne^dayf April ^
'f 4^Y
<purtlm ^xpenent All-American 1940-'4I
Offices: Editbrial and Business, Pardue Memarial Union, Phone 4005 Sporfs, Fieldhousc, Phone 2792 Edirorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
lB<Nl«r-in^>icf «(S»« Bditar Ji^nwna. Bdiior .....: Basihe.<iii Manairrr Circniatinn Manager lidilnr
Jolin. F. Amos .Don T. Bropliy John 11. Armstronsr . William D. Millard Ken K, Gjemre Alice Chatfield
1 Publication Staff ; AsOociate Editors VdKarial Staff t K. W. Boswinklc, D., E. Bntz. W. G. Hoskins, A. P. Hunter, D. W. Ochiltree, W. E. R.afert, Sports Staff: D, K, Brewer, ,1, .S. Dawson, E, D, Karpick, ■B, W. Krieger. _ . CoPd Staff: Sally Be.all, Charlotte Hass, Jean Eauer, Dons i, ,Pt<^ering, j Business Staff 'Ooed Bnsiness Manager: Julia Martin. AdTtrtlRing Managers: .T, M, Wright, D. L. Johnson. Circulation Manager: G. H. Klouman. Accounts Manager: Trena Torrenga. Junior Coed,; Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keiia. .. -- Staff For This Issue t Night Editor: Butz Day Editor: Beali iSsuc*£ditor: Fawcett Sports -Editor: Brewer Workers: Voti!;, Vegh, Riggs, Ford, Martindeil, Stabile, _Willitir. Soheid, Ackerman, Enternd as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and tile special rate, of postage provided for in. section 11U3' act of Octoher 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the summer Session. Delivered locally l)y car 'rier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $-1.00. Represented for national advertising by National AdvertisJng . Service, Inc., College Puhlishers Representatives, 42(1 'MadfMH Ave., New York, N. Y.
meert-eo
Civil Liberties While America fights a war on a world.wide front to maintain democracy, individ.uals with petty minds are attempting to suppress the civil rights of a large element of our society at home because of stupid racial prejudice.s. Despite the fact that he is as ready to fight for his country as any other man, the American Negro still is being treated as an unwanted individual in many parts of the pountry. The federal government, which is quick to recognize the dangers of ill treatment of the Negro, is now moving to protect civil rights of the Negroes. By order of Attorney General Biddle, FBI agent.s are now investigating the shameful Sikeston (Mo.) lynching case. Should a federal Ifidictment be obtained, it will be the first time in American history that a lynching case has been brought into a federal court. The Mi.ssouri case grow.s out of the lynching of a Negro, Cleo Wright, who was accused of assault on a white woman. He was tortured and killed by a mob, although evidence presented to a state grand .jury failed to result in the return of an indictment in the same case. The FBI may prosecute under civil rights statutes on the theory that state authorities, by releasing Wright to the lynching mob, con.spired to deny him the equal protection of the law. Such actions as the Missouri m.pb lynching makes good material for the Nazi propaganda machine which seeks to divide the nation against itself. And the ill-treated Negro will make an excellent fifth columnist. It is time the American public realized that the darkskinned are citizens of the United States and hdve a right to be treated as such.—Oklahoma Daily.
By Drew Pearson and Roberf S. Allen Russia Needs More Tanks, Planes To Turn Tide Against German Forces WASHINGTONb Apvil 28.—When Harry Hopkins and Avejiell Harriman arlived in Rhissia several months ago, one thing .Stalin told them was that he didn’t want any American observers at the front, “Our regime is different from yours,” Stalin said in effect. “I know yoii have foreign observei-S and newspapermen at the front, but we run things differently. So please don’t ask us for this.” Therefore, at no time have American or British observers been on the Russian front. A few U. S. officers have made trips behind the lines, but only for a short time. This is why U. S. official knowledge of the exact condition of the Russian army is either sec-ond-hand or deduction. However, according to the best sources available, here is an approximate estimate of Russia’s strength and her chances of holding out against Germany this spring and- summer. The picture is neither black nor white. It is mixed. Fir.st, it i.s an inescapable fact that the German retreat during the winter was not so important as generally featured in Moscow cables. Actually, the Nazis executed a brilliant‘maneuver in straightening their lines, and an examination of the map shows that their rgtreat was not very substantial. However; the Russian army has shown itself to be of much-tougher stuff than anyone expected. Its manpower seems unlimited. Morale is high, while German morale is reported poor, with troops tired and depending in part on Bulgaria, Hungary, Rumania and Italy. Russia’s greatest lack i.s tanks and airplanes, 'rhese have been going from the United States and England as fast as we can ship them—hut not fast enough. On the other, hand, the Russians have a good siijiply of small arms and machine guns.' Therefore, Russian chances against the Germans ought- to be about fifty-fifty—perhaps even better in the extreme south where they will be a idl'd by the .steep mountain jieaks of the Caucasus,. • Worry Over Near East Wh^ vvofvios Allied strategists is the prospect of a Nazi push against the British in the Near East— .simultaneous with a drive against .South Russia. British troops unfortunately must have not stood up well against von Rommel in Libya. At onetime he was reduced to only thirty tanks and if the British were not able to wipe him out then, things don’t look too optimistic for the future. y\iiother black cloud i.s the possibility of German naval activity in the Mediterranean. U. S. strategists consider it a distinct po.ssiliiiity that the big Nazi battleships, some of which escaped from Brest this winter, may make a dash into the Mediterranean. There, uniting 'with the Italian .fleet and part or all of the French fleet, they would stage a terrific bombardment og Egypt, Syria and 1‘alestine, and so bkfit through the gateways to the oil fields of Persia and Mesopotamia. This would open the way to an ativanceon Russia from the South. This prospective blow at the Near Ea.st .is the biggest worry of all. However, balanced against this, is Hitler’s own worry over a British-U.S. invasion of Europe or North Africa, plus the tremendous supplies we are delivering both to Russia and Egypt. So the iiicture is mixed, with only, one thing sure: Hitler has got to win this summer or he is finished.
^Todpy On WlAA
‘When I joined up I hoped I’d see action—but for 3 months our corps hasn’t had a'benefit dance, vaudeville show or even a bazaar!
University ' Calendar
Wednesd.iy, April 29
1:00 I’.M.-—County Agents Meeting d:00'P.M.—Student Housing Committee 0:00 P.M.—Cary Club Award Ban([Uet ... 7:00 P.M.—Boy Scout Meeting 7:0,0 P.M. Marriage (iourse 7:30 P.M.—Kajipa Psi Meeting I'M) P.M.—Scabbard and Blade Meeting 7:.‘!0 P.M.—Craduate Dames First Aid Class ;
.East Faculty laninge, Union .Room 201, Union .Cary Hall West . • Eliza Fowler Hall Room 302 and 30-1,. . Union Room 303, Union Tower, Union Room 110, ChE Bldg.
News ■ ■ The Curio Man Morning Melodies Theatre of Song'
News
“Newspaper" and Magazine Article Writing” with Proft J. H. McKee Purdue News
News
Agricultui'al Forum Meet the-Band News, - .. “Principles of Sociology” with Prof. T. K. Noss Markets
News
Story a Day “You Can’t Do Business With Hitler” Mrs, C. W. Hemmer—pianist
News Miisic
June Eller—pianist Organ Moods News .' Tea Time Tunes Joanne Lloyd—pianist The Curio Man Music ..
News
Just Relax Vespers Little Miss Muffett News ".. Dinner Hour Sports Review New.S Roundup Symphony Hall
News
What’s Ai't To Me ? Ruth Ralston—singer From the Press Box with Stew Wolfe Eventide Echoes News. . . Musieana
Nows
School Custodians To Discuss Air Raids
Air raid precautions Will be one of the main topics to be taken up at the annual two-day short course for school custodians to be held at the University June 17 and 18: Announcement of the course was'made today by George H. Bush, custodian coijiiseloi’, who has worked for several years under the j^gineering extension department of the: University. ' :■! , ! h‘ ■ Some of the other topics to beconsidered will be use and care of fire extinguishers; boiler maintenance, school -sanitation, floor maintenance, care of school- grounds and yards and control of termites and
other pests. ' ''
/' 'i.
Personnel Notes
COMPANIES SCHEDULED TO VISIT^GAMPUS:y'’v’ Slone and Webster Engineering Corp., Joliet, 111.—CE and EE 'who 1iave finished at least two years of engineering’. Sign in Personnel Office by Thursday, April 30, Gulf OM Corporation, Tulsa, Oklahoma—Chemist or ChE—Sign in Personnel Office by Friday, May 1. University of Chicago, Dept. Of Medicine, Chicago, IlV’--Chdmical technicians trained in the technique of volumetric and gravimetric analysi.s. Candidate.s must be American citizen.s and .should be either women oi- men who arc disqualifiod from miliLary service. Sign in -Personnel Office hy Thursday, April .30. Waco Aircraft Co., Troy, Ohio.' M.E. Si.gn in Personnel Office by Saturday, May 2. Raylheon Production Corp., Newton, Mass. Electrical Enginoer.s and Physicists. Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, May .7.
ib
'ii
^iiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii:iH
i_ NOW PLAYING —I
DailY Health Service Report
• Capifol Chaff
le Bottle leek
SUGAR AND SACRIFICES The Cork looked at the paper last night and we read with- intere.st the article about there being for sale no sugar this week. Of course the condition will last just this-week; after that sugar will he rationed. But we got to thinking that maybe these sugarless weeks will become more frequent as time goes on and that’s going to be bad. It so happens that the Cork is soon going to join that staggering’ army of cripples and dissipated skeletons, bettor known as those who make up the PE 12 ela.ss. We wei-e planning heavily on largo portions of dextrose to puli us through the grueling summer. And then too, being humane like the Cork is, we looked- forward to when all the ears would be gone and we could, walk down Grant Sti eet where all the horses would he tied. All the nags in town would know the Cork and they_would'neigh for cubes of sugar as wo pas.sed by. But when it would come out in the papers that there was no sugar, the nags would know it too and no one would again notice the Coi'k. *——• . But in spite of the saci-ifices we are only too willing to give up or cut down on our supply of sugar. The Cork feels that thi.s is something genuine to sacriff'ce.- All around us we can see all too many useless lliing.s pi'Ojile are being asked to give up in the guise of the War effort. • .• Whenever trouble threatens tlie fii-st thing humans think of doing i.s to .sacrifice, whether it be rays of stuishine, shoe laces or pebbles, primitives thought nothing of sacrifieing a cow or an offspring. But the primitives had a purpose: they wanted to appease the gcals. With the advent of the war, too many people are .still- thinking in terms of .sacrifices, hut they are forgetting that the pui-pose behind any .sacrifice is to acc.jinplish'.something that at least apjJears woi thwhile. • • The sacrifice of sugar should come as a welcome relief to tlie coeds who are asked to save the doubtful penny or two each night by getting in an hour earlier. The meddling old ladies who shout for abolishment of striMig drink around defense areas would do well- to restrict their shouting arid their sacrifices to matters of this sort.
Anna Rosenberg, Washington’s female Felix Frankfurter, would not he averse to getting the job of Miss Lehand, private secretary to the President. Shg has had her finger in all sorts of pies lately— from guiding Nelson Rockefeller's show to picking Paul McNutt as Manpower Administrator ... The Nazis afe broadcasting messages like this to Puerto Rico: “Admii-al Hoover doesn’t have to paint his buildings green. We already know where they are and the green paint camoflage won’t hide them.” Admiral Hoovei- is naval commander at Puerto Rico, and it is a fact that he has been painting his buildings . . . There is pretty good reason to believe that the Nazis know the date of sailing and cargo of every ship leaving U. S. port.s ... Mayor LaGnardia now has five stars on his ear—-one more than MacArthur. They repre.senl the five boroughs of New York . . , Comtri>gnder Paul Smith’.s room in his home wjis rifled the other day. Commander Smith, ex-editor of the .Sari Francisco Chronicle, ha.s been .stepping up tlie efficiency of Navy press relations. He had just rented the house of Mrs. Lionel Atwill, ex-wife <)f Douglas MacArthur, and had occu|)ied the place about two hours when his service revolver wins .stolen, plus a new iiniforin, and his pafiers searched . . . Look out for someone in naval uniform posing as Commander Paul Smith ... Interioi-’s Undersecretary Jack Dempsey recently stopped one of his .suhordinatos fi'om sending to .Spain a coilipletc layout of U. S. power-stations. Apparently the subordinate, like the State Department, thought that Spain was not friendly to the Axis. • Brifish Backbone Modest .Senator Green of Rhode Island has been a consistent i-ooter for the Bi itish, voted vigorously for all lend-lea.se aid to Britain, favored Roosevelt’.s proBritish foreign policy 100 per cent. But the other day he remarked to a .British friend: “I have fought for the Bi-itish, voted for them, worked for them. But whenever I meet a meml)e)- of the British Embassy I have to introduce myself all oyer again. They nevei- know wlio I am.” Senator Green’s experience, plus those of many otlier congressmen, with the polite hut crsytal-gazing Briti.sh Embassy was discussed last week with British movie produce)' Alfi-ed Hitehcocic. In Washington to open his new mystei-y-thrillei’, “Saljoteur,” Hitchcock was ui-ged by a group of Senatoi-s to ilo a pictiu’c which would pi-ove to the Amei'ican peojile that the English people ai-e not all like tlieii' Embassy. “We need something which will .sell the British people to the American people,” urged Senalor Claude Pepper of Florida. “We are 100 per cent for the British. But a lot of our folks don’t know them. We need to know more about the man in the street, the folks who are just like our folks. Unfortunalely too many of us have the impression that all British are like the very charming but somewhat rarified nobility which the British Foreign Office sends over here.” (Copyright, 1942, by United Featui-e Syndicate, Ine.)
Last Monday Virginia Goss, HE ’■14, and Fred Kinder, PE ’-14, entered St. Elizabeth Hospital to receive medical treatment. Also on Monday, A. E. Lindskoog, Eng. ’45, entered the same institution to receive ti-eatment foi- a contagious disease; while Janice Roberts, HE ’14, entered • St; Elizabeth Hospital to receive medical treatment. Fleck Wins Campus Archery Contest In the All-Campus Ai'chety tournament held last Monday afternoon on the Women’s archery i-ange, Leslie Fleck emerged the winner. The seeond and third places were taken by Ed Ratchford and Dick Cainblin, re.spectively. The fij-st three places of this contest are to be awarded keys by the inti-amural department. The fourth and fifth men were Hei-man Bauer and Bob Fi;eymnn, i-espectively.
ESMBT Hold Heeling loiiglil in Shops At I 0)-g!inization meeting of E.S.M.D.'I', will he held tonight at 7 in. rooin 101 ()f Michael Golden shops for the purpose, of oi-gani'zing a war training class in tiirie and unotion study which will he ofl’ei-ed during the next twelve weeks. . L. C. Pigage, insti'uetoi' in the general engineering department, will teach the class which wilLmeet on Monday and Wednesday evenings. This course is being off'ered as a pai’t of the war training program authorized by the United States office of education .
siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiilliTtilttiiiitiimHilB
LAST DAY — 2 HITS "
CtA-M-ETIE CGIBE'RT
REMEMiER tii« St
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD j. RISK DENTISTS — ■100-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main St. ' Lafayette
HELD OVER! -LAST DAY
WALT DISNEY'S
SING YOUR WORNTES AWAY with Bert L.-lhi-(u)io H.ivoc —• P;)tsy Kelly — ADDED — MARGH OF TiME AMERICA’S NEW ARMY
STARTS THURSDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
, JOHN GARFIELD IDA LUPINO — IN — 'OUT OF THE FOG' — PLUS — "BLONDE COMET" ■— VYLTH— ROBERT KENT VIRGINIA VALE
MARS LAST TIMES TODAY
TOMORROW - FRIDAY The Most SPINETINGLING SPY-HUNT of the yearl
WHY NOT ADD COMFORT TO YOUR SUMMER TERM—
ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY — Perlect fun... Perfect suspense...Perfect thrills!
• « —AND — TOM KEENE IN LONE STAR LAW MEN — — ALSO ——
HOLT OF THE SECRET SERVICE
^HURS. - FRI - sJ^.— TILLIE THE TOILER TRAIL BEYOND KING OF THE TEXAS RANGERS LATEST NEWS
Relax when your day is done in a cool and convenient room. Every room with private hath and telephone. Apply at Manager’s Office.
^yyisunoAbaJL The i ^Mrner of the Campus--— Yet, the Center of Aetitrities
r|'i! • 1 \V
ii
**Kt
April,2% 1042
Boilermqiker Sports
liiMMr
fibto Runners Annex Track Championship
letinb. Siquad Face mint At Champaign
This Afternoon
Butler Upsets Riveters/5%4
With a recoid of thiee win*? and one loss behind, Coach Laiiy La Bree’s tennis team will meet the
Beta track supremacy continued yesterday afternoon m the annual outdoor fraternity track meet, as Beta Theta Pi runnet's Cop^ied their second cinder title of the year with 39 track
and field points. The flle'et-footed Betas, who won the indoor fraternity track llmi m a match at Champaign this championship early this year, annexed for the second time in afternoon Coach LaBree plans to
three years, the outdoor title Following the Beta stars were the‘Sigma Chi runners with 25 points, pushing the
Speaking Of Sports
Bulldogs Surprise Diamond Team; Hit In Winning Run In Tenth Ingigg
second, Fainswoith (Beta), thud
Time, 2 46
QUARTER-MILE RELAY—Beta
Betas only in Monday’s pro- and Sigma Chi tied foi first. Acacia, liminary races Acacia took second, sae, third Time 48 o
thkd with ITVa points, SAE an nex«d fomth with 16 points, and Phi Delta Theta lunners weie fifth With 16% points The winners leceived 10 additional participation points besides the 50 awaided all partnlipants Only eevnts in which the winneis did not place in yestei day’s section of the meet weie the two mile lun, not bnteied by the Betas, and the bioad jump Yesterday’s Results TWO MILE RUN—Won by Willi (Theta Chi), Klein (Atacia), sec ond, Weinfuitnei (Phi Dclt), thud Time, 10 57 8 220 YARD LOW HURDLES— Won by Gutting (Beta), Nihan (Sigma Chi) second, Biebnei (Beta), thud Time, 26 6 220 YARD DASH—Won by Kei cheval (SAE), Bakoi (Bcti) second, Culling (Beta), thud Tune, 23 6 HALF MILE RUN —Won by Young (Acacia), Puce (Acacn),
BROAD JUMP—Won by Dunn (Lambda Chi), Kercheval (SAE), second, Hinch (Phi Delt), third Distance, 20 feet eight inches
HIGH JUMP-
use the same combination against the Illinois squad that he has used
thus fai this season
Line-Ups Lifted
Captain Ray Lucht, Gus Arm stiong, Dick Stettnei, Ed Wells and Waltei Dudzinsky will play singles matches in that oidei, and piobably Lucht and Wells will face the Illi nois doubles combinati6n This is the same squad that has been successful in the Butloi and Ball State
a R K iR Teacheik campaigns
and Biebnei (Beta) tied for first
That 13 4 Naval victoiy ovei the “Fightin’ Hoosieis” yestei daj aft ernoon at Bloomington announced to the collegiate baseball world that it had “bcttei watch out” Bulwarked by five major league veterans and many minor league professional stars, the Great Lakes Naval Training Station diamond squad is expected to live a very healthy life in the collegiate competition set before it for the season Lt Gordon S (Mickey) Cochiane,
Indianapolis, Ind., Aprrf 28—Special to the PHYdnse Bi*ponent)—A triple by Fred Hunckler, veteran BalMog cafcli^t, and a wide throw to first base on right fielder Biff
Just to. name a few of the stai^ enabled the Butler nine to defeat Coach Dutch Mickey has—there aie Don Padgett ^
league contests scheduled The Cubs will in\ade the Training Station
athletic plant on May 4.
(St Lous Caids) at fiist base, Benny McCoy (Pfiilly Athletics), at second, Johnny Lucadello, (St Louis Biowns), at shoit, Joe Grace
(Biown^) m the outfield, and Frank , » .i ^ . Pytiak (Boston Red Sox) as catch- fi^^rneied four runs in the first
baseball team on the Fairview diamond here this afternoon,
5-4
The Blue and White hosts
Height, five feet, 11 inches
IM Schedules Iho f( llowinj., bascbnll Karnes w 11 be 1 1 ly d Wednesday (venmu it 4 00 2 Phi Delta 1 hot i vs Delta Upsilon I I ami da Chi Alph i vs lau Ppsilon Phi 1 Wilder (f Till Kir pa Epsilon and Phi K ipi i Alpha vs Phi Kappa Tau Winner tl Alphi Gammi Uho and Kappa Si^ma vs Si«ma Chi
who letiied as manager of the De
The Riveteis aie looking foiward Tigers in 1938, less than a year to a strenuous weekend with two ^ftei a wild pitch fej^ed him with confdience games facing them in as ^ fractuied skull, staited his ‘ come
01 besides many minor leaguers Wait till Bob Feller joins the pitching staff DEB
d ibks finals in tennis to he (.sd ly evening it 4 00
Clfiss A ) lrt\cd W<dr C All t 1 SiKma Pi vs Iheti Chi 2 Class B Doubles Tinala to be pi lyed W Inesdaj at 4 00
many days Fiiday afternoon they will meet the Northwestern team heie and Saturday they will be hosts to a combination from Iowa The game with the lowans vill be the last foi several of Coach La Biee’s senior squad ^iitmbers, including Captain Ray Lucht
back” with that 13 4 win Today the Bluejacket nine will face Ohio University at, Athens 0 , tomoiiow meet Miami l]' at Oxfoid, and Fii day tackle the lush at South Bend Opening at honle May 2 against Lake Forest college, Cochrane will prepare the squad for several major
Sports Notice All Freshmen who signed up for Freshman golf with Coach AUspaw should report at the Unileisity Golf Course for their 36 hole tryouts anytime between now and Saturday evening Sign your names at the starter’s house
inning to the Boilermaker’s
three
Burgbardt Starts It Scoring m the Puidue pait of the first inning staited off when W Fuighaidt, who singled to light, and left-fieldei Fiiend, at first on a walk, lan across the first two Boileimakei runs on Bob Riley’s tuple to right Riley seoied the third run on a single by Smith Little Bill Haidy, shortstop, the first Butlei battei against Walt Leifheit, bunted safely Brodenck,
riu 11 : 1 t
(oil wiiiL. SIT Kits tennis milch > ^ d W die li y ever nj., at 4'‘00
will
Wake Up, AmericansI
Wake up, Afioarl-
cans!
A
answer roar out over the world
I ^very citizen must jb&lte the United States Army Havy to victory—back them jWUih work and money I Do your part: Buy United Istatas Defense Bonds and 'Btamps at yom post ofiSce, bank, savings and loan association iCtet Defense Stamps at your re,tall s^ye or from the carrier boy
'thlsnewspaper.
Kappa S Kiri I vs All ha V ax Omoi i Phi bipm i K ipp i vs Ihcla Xi PI 1 D It i Ih ti vs liiinKlc All 111 SiKma Phi vs Pi K ipi a Phi 1 lu K ipp i Pibil r ^\s Si mi 1 hi ] rsil n • 1 hi Kippa Till V Kajpa D Itu Rh > Ddh Ursil n \ Ih 11 i i I All h i Chi Rho \ All h i G imma Rho Bet i rhtt Pi vs II t i f hi Phi K PI I Psi V D Iti r i Delta Tau El silon PI i vs Phi Gammi Dell i
Sports Shorts Angelo Boitclli considticd a po tential majoi lea uc catchei isn’t even on the Notic Dame baseball tostci, because Football Coach Eiank Leahy needs him—above all otheis—to build up that f foun i tion pissiii„ itliek this Spung
Euik lombiidi tells of the time ho was sent to aho-^pitil in Cincin nail to have a bi oken too X i ijed A nuise popjiing intohis loom "nd taking 1 q uek look at the patient mujemuied sj mp ithetieally Oh, youi pool nose' How did it hap pen ' ’
Gala Week Features Thr^ Sports
Papenguth Presents Galacade Friday Evening In Fieldhouse
Quadrangular l^et Spoflights Riveter Home Appearance Pioviding one of the teatuies of the Gala Week athletic progiam, the Boileimakei tiack squad will make its fiist home appeaianee of the outdooi season heio Saturday ifteinoon at 1 30 p m in a quadian gulai meet with Minnesota, Iowa, and Noithwestein Although the Gopheis, by viitue ol outstanding stiength in the field events lule as slight favorites, both the Hawkeyeb and Boileimakei s aio gianted good chances of win
ning
‘Best Perlormeis” Here Athletes who have aecoiinted loi
“best peifoimances” to date m five of the Big Ten outdooi events plus two others who have turned in ,,ood peifoimances, will be m the all stii
field
Lee Faimei, fleet Iowa ne lo sophomoie who has tagged himsell foi consideiation as man ol the ye ii m Big Ten tiack cueles will be seeking three fiist places Faimei
By Jim Halstead Galacade — that which will bo the talk of the campus after 8 15 Friday evening. At that
has already accounted toi the best time Coach DlCk Papenguth’s perfoimances of the yeai in the 100 water shoW Will get under way yaid dash, 220 yard dash, and jj-, Fieldhouse and present broad jump audience one of the
Gophers Prominent
In the pole vault, Minnesota will “splashiest evening?
DO YOU DIG IT?
DAVE A/K£N-VAt£ 45-G£rS $10 FOR fills SIANCO
present Jack DcField undefeated in collegiate competition so iai this yeai, whose 14 foot maik has been equalled only by Bill Wiliams, ot Wisconsin, and Bob Filch, outstand ing weight man, who has tossed the discus 158 feel 9 5 inches this sea son One ol the highlights of the moot IS expected to be pi evaded by the bin die duels between Clarence Kron, Boileimakei star and Hank Vollenwoulei, of Iowa over both the low and high fiames PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
around here in a long time Eoi the past few years the Gala cade has always consisted of the In-
one can see the outstanding swimmers of the Univeisity, both mei maids and meilads, peiform all
types of exhibitions
Among the vaiious exhibitions, theih will be races, ballets, fancy diving, comedy acts and two added highlights, which consist of a nitegown relay and a fishy act This last act will featuie the freshman team fighting ovei a few fish against the vaisity At that time thiee fish of about three feet m
Butler, and Williams, the aenittaxe up, captured three hits, and sdl foul accounted for Bulldog J.s Leifbeit failed to stop the stuideii onslaught Settle To Pitcher’s Duel Haiold Miller and Walt Lei£helt both settled down to a pitdM^s duel, the Boilei maker hurler ing two hits m the second, »ad boiling the Bulldogs hitless for the iiMt foui innings Call Hipp, first Boilermak^ np to bat in the seventh intung^, loihd a tuple to right field, and sd<»ed on W Bui ghardt's single to eertter field Gold and Black batters i^rtled to push across the winHing- mn, thUd the ninth inning endeci with a toot to foui tie Boilermakers Fail Again the Pm due batsmen j&ded at the plate as Fnend accounted foi the only hit m the first half oY the tenth, and was left stdfidhfg on second base—stolen The Hunckler-MiBer eonibnistio& m Butler’s half of the tenth £i^me scored the winning run for the Sstt-
dogs
The winneis annexed mne hits fiom Leifheit, to account for then" five luns, the Boileimakers sifiiffarly gaining mne hits from Millet, SCOT mg then fom The two will meet in the season's return match next Tuesday afternoon on Ross-Ade Fiekl m the BoilerMSifcOr
diana swimming laees However, length will be thiown in the pool
this yeai it will be composed of comedy acts, races, comedy acts ballets, comedy acts, and divm„ ex hibitions By the way, theic may be
some comedy acts also Entertainment-Packed
Previous to this, according to Papenguth the Galacade lasted two and a half houis, which was too long foi the audience This yeai the au dience will get an houi and a half of guaranteed amusement foi its 25c Eoi a nieie quaitei of a dollai
PAULAS PLACE
BEEF STEAK — BEEF-BARB-Q HOME MADE CHILI PORK TENDERLOIN
FURNAS ICE CREAM " 216 W. Columbia St. We Deliver
Phone 2645
foi the team membeis to catch 3 hree Races To Be Held Theie will be thiee races, conbibt mg of a back stioke, hi east stroke and a 220 yd free style Hansel, Dunn and Rich will compose the membeis of the back stioke lace, while Shady, Van Dusen, Van Dai row, and Mills will take pait in the 220 Heidke will give thiee othei men Pifiei, Hoi ten and Bainaid, a 15 second handicap in the hi east
sti oke
A nitegown lelay race will be one of the hilai lous moments of the e\ e nmg when two teams, clothed in niteshirts and shoes will stiuggle down the length of the pool in a lit tie bit of competition Each team ^ will be composed of foui men, the (Continued on page 4) ^
’^ENGLISH TRANSLATION Our "Y” man simply means that for n really good dnnk at any sports contest, his pal should have had some of the PepsiCola everybody was enjoying at the boxing bouts In other words, chum, Pepsi Cola goes great any tirtio
WHAT DO YOU SAY? Send us some of your hot slang If we use it you 11 be ten bucks richci II we don’t, we’ll shoot you a rejection slip to add to your collection Mail youi slang to Collogo Dept, Pepsi Cola Company, Long Island City, N Y
PepaiJCola ia made only by Pepai-Cola Co , X^ong Island City, N. Y. Bottled locdUTf^y'Authomed Bottlers.
‘''tough" (Uid ready to go
Our smart luggage packs ’em m with a suie fire appeal to jour budget and vanity I Good looking, sturdy and screntifically constructed to hold a lot in little space.'i Seasoned travelers all wise in the ways o£ this mingrabbing, plane hopping world. ’ t 1 Aa plane 7 ype Luggage for Her! •WARDROBE CASES $9.50 to $27*50 1 he new airpland type case in striped canvas cover pyrolin treated for weather proofing is light in weight yet very sturdily constructed Has beautiful ravon linings, shirred pockets and excellent hardware These wardrobe cases will carry up to eight dresses wrinkle free COMPANION CASES, $4 95 to $16 95 TWO SUITER CASE jot Han $24’^° to $40-00 The modern w ay for i man to travel is with a Two Suiter Case These cases will cairy two suits wrinkle fret plus all ot his necessary ac cessones Ihty are made of genuine leather in blown, tan or black Of course we have them also m airplane type casts COMPANION CASES, $14 95 to $26 95
LUGGAGE SHOP STREET FLOOR
Burnham's Sgim^ Round Out Spnug Practice With Gaum One of the highlights of Gala Week beginning this Fiiday, will be an mtia squad football game ui Ross Ade stadium at 3 p m. Saturday between Coach Elmei Burnham’s A and B teams Coach BUrhham has not v et decided who will be on the starting lineups, but it is certain that seveial of last year’s veterans and candidates for the V8Vsity this fall will be seen m actum This game will lound out the Boileimakei s’ spung piactice ses^Hte, and the squad will go into htberiiation until eaily this fall Gimlets Sponsor Game The game is being sponsoiqd by the Gimlet club to laise funds foT the sponsonng of basketball brfiadeasts this wmtei j, A laige attendance is expected td attend the game for a sneak pievi^tli ot next year’s team i The B squad has been wockihg out nightly undei the superv&ldii of Coach Claude Reeck, gettmiF iff tip top condition foi its engagement -with Coach Bui-nham'k ^ A
team
-—-GREETING CAROS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store Acrosg Frum Union Rod SaaiiuoQi *29 *‘Doc'* EpsU'M
PATRONIZE EXPONENTADVERTISERS!
Hew under-arm Cream Deodorani safely Stops Perspiratioii
1 Does not cot dresses or men’s shirta.
Dues noc irctcice skin
2 No waitmj, to dry Can bt ustd right alter shaving , 3 Instantly stops perspiration fat I to 3 days Reino^s odor from pe»»» spiratioti w I 4 A pure white, greaseless, scamleM vanishing eream b J \rtid has been awarded the proval Seal of the American Insdr tttte of Launt^ertng for b<UI§
harntUss to fabrics
Ariid m the LARGEST SBLLUWQ DEODORANT. Try a Jar
39e
m BBVn
uae At MMlt
(abut in lOc nml SSe inn)
’ll
r5
Imt
I
4 -5, ‘ \ v\ 7' ! ^s■ 4t* t t ■iSr^ •»« rs* Page 4 Students May Apply For Detroit Civil Service Positions Appi entice po'ntions in the manatreinent and pi ofc‘?';ional actn itie'; of the Dotioi^ Civil Seivicc Com mi'ssioii aie open foi college students Iraiiied in bwHimss adminis tiation engineenng, social sciences oi medical sciences Applications foi an examination to be held May 9 may he obtained by wilting to the Detioit Cn il “sen ice Commission, 16th Flooi Watei Boaid Building, 735 Randolph St, Dcti oit, Michigan, befoie next Monday Induction Salary Is $1 560 The induction salaiy foi technical aids IS $1 560, and aftei July 1 it will be $1,700, lunioi engineenng aids leceive $1,740, $1911 aftci July 1 To the engineei such a po sition offeis the possibility of in immediate cai eei in ti affic engineei mg, city planning piopcity ap piaismg peisonnel admimstiation, 01 engineenng management, busi ness administration students may secure positions m accounting, ap praising oi peisonnel admimstia tion The Ciyil Seivice Commission has pi0vided,foi militaiy leayes of ah sence with letention of senionty, pension and piomotion lights foi employees who may be called foi national defense Examination Given Befoie Although the examination has been given seveial times this yeai, all those who passed have been placed, and there is every indication that those who pass will be placed immediately Harrison Trails Council To Sponsor Scout Rally Tonight at 7 30 in Eliza Powlei Hall the boy scouts of the sun ound mg district will hold a lally Speak eis present will be Art Ekstiand, scouting representative liom Chi cago, and Judge Parkinson, of the LaJayette Juvenile Couit The pui pose of the rally will lie to discuss the future scouting piogiam Joi this community Movies 1 cl ting to scout woik will he show 1 All Joimci scouts uul otbci pc 1 sons intc 1 cstcfi iic invited to attend this meeting
i
PurSuS Exponent
WednesSdy, Sprit 2^^
Health Service Begin Gala Week
REM 12 Exemption Exams Tomorrow
Physical examinations foi students lequcsting exemption fiom PEM 12, the lequiied com so in “Physical Piepaiedness,” will be given tomoirow iml Prid ly nights beginning at 7 in the Student Health soiviec (ouise Is Non Tech Elective Piofessoi Eastwood ol the phy sical education dcpailmmt has said that no exemptions from the couise because of physical deficiencies can be gianted to students who do not submit to the examination on either tomoiiow Ol Iiidiy night Aiiangcmonts foi excmiitioiis other than those due to physical do ficiencies must be mide with Pro fessoi Eastwood in room 110 oJ the rieldhouse lliis retiuiied course is lecogni/ed as a non teehnieal elee live in all schools of the Univer sity, and giaeles obtained in the eouise aie considered in establish mg the point „iade index All stii dents rcgisteicd in the couise are lequiied to maintain a passing grade in order to fulfill giaduation 1 oquirements All Must Enroll Accoiding to the University lul ing, all sophomoios, junioi , and giaduate students, unless exempted by the Student Health Seivice are 1 equii ed to take the corn se, vv ith ex eeption of those who ai e not cit i/en& of the United States, those special students who are taking seven ciedit hours or less, those members of the full time teaching staff of the University who arc tak mg giaduate work, and those grad uato students who aie icgistered foi advanced degices only duini^ thesummci t*iim Dean Skinner (Continued fiom page 1) and Gown Club and the West I i Jayette Country Club Wife, Childien Survive Dean Skim ci is suivivcd by Ins wife and foui ehildieii all Univei sity gnduites Ihc body w is bi ouglil 1 K 1 to 1 il rye 11( 1 ite 1 isl night The J inei il will be belli tonioi row altcinooii at piobibly J in Ceiitial Piesbyteiiaii Cluiieh in I i 1 lyettc Buiiil will be mule in (ii md View ce me tei \ I i le Is m ly view the bodv in Bi ulsh iw I iiiiei il Home iftei ! ji m tod ly
(Continued from page 3) first having such members as Krat701, Lakd, Hazehvood and Horn, and the other having Ki ruck, Ei ickson, Snead, and Aneleison The idea is that the first man will swim a length with the costume on and when he 1 c aches the e nel of the pool, the next min will tike his garments from him and tliii i rce on with the added
1 obing
liitons Ihcseiit Ballet lilt Tilton dub will put on a floating ballet that will be diffeienl th 111 any e v ci held in the Ji'ieldhouse befoie riieie yvill also be a flipper billet, which will be composed of both boys and girls These wegfoot antics will put on a ballet using just llieii feet and no parts of then aims it all 111 this ballet Another featrii c attraction of the evening will be a water wait/ by Betty Harrison and Martha Picice. A diving exhibition will be put on by Ilolderman and Upley, two fresh men, and Juengst and Bower, varsity men The diving show will take off fiom both the high and low
boaids
Notices
Elimiqatiori of brass in shoe eye lels saves enough brass to make 1, 000,000 shell casings
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Addiner Mnchines all makes sold rent i lopuic 1 and purchas d Mime ograi h \v( rk done C T Lbershoff (>05 Mam Lai lycUt Phone 2779 SEVIN Room Modern I urnishod home flo t t< c inij us lut motic ht it ] !i nu 1 43 lit r
/oiinves PhosG wishinp; to attend picnic WednoBday Apiil 2) list on sdiici oid( r 1)0 11(1 in Armoiy GRAI Coed Defense Code Class CorlificaUsHro available in the instiuoUm lOom of the
aimoi V
—BURKHARX (iimlcls Men initiated list fall can {.'■(t 111 n k ys fi m m( T RASI It All Affrinilturisl SlalT Members I urn in leys it u( in llu < ITut Mettina; W d n sd ly Aj 111 29 it 7 ^0 in IXnion Binldmi^ f 1 pus( nt itit ti < f indivxlnil iwnds Room will be inn nil (’ol latti —AHVIDSON AIME Members Eloclion of ofTneis f )i commj? v( u in r( m 110 <f Chtm and M t Buildii}. WediKsdav Apul 29 it 1 i m STARKl y Pi Tau Sigma Annunl picnic will be hell Wtdiusdav Aj nl 29 stutinj, at 1 p m Orfietrs will i) lUetod and pluiius dis tnhuted Cus will be UavniK MI bmldinji at vuiou‘5 times diinrij. tlu ifUino n Memhd i\ T I ini, t uo ilta e siRn si ect m MI olTic ab s in as p ssibU CRCCORY Pistol Team Banm ct will he h Id Wed nesdav Apnl ^9 it ( 10 p m in the Chestnut K(om in the Union All who will ntUnd contwl 1 ssip: D I Is or Bunker by 4 p m M inday it the’ 1 ilcst —DODD^? All Male Students All students who li ive completed the Advance Com sc ROIC i will complete the Advanced Co use ROIC by May X see impoitant notices on 2n(I door Armmy Bi lUMn boaids —RIORDAN Acromodelcrs Important meotinjx Thins lav Apiil XO in i >m 80 if the Uni n X lection of officer Iv ryont le sine ii d ceme —SMIlll Person Who Lost rhroiioj,rapli Yn i mi v (1 in il at Sfud it Sen lU 1 e si and F n 1 n paiiment oi by eallnu S i ly it 40 1 -SANDIX BIN
Independent Staff Dof? Is posted with various eluiMKes in columns Stuff la due Wednesday don t ask to turn it in later - HUMPHREY Kappa Psi Important meetinfr for all active members in room X03 of Union ejn Apiil 2‘) at 7 XO p m Brinj? unpaid dhes —SCO 11 ReliffioiiH ( oiincil RcKiilar meeting Wed nesdav Ajnil 29 ai 7 10 in the Council olVict —ROACH PAC Important mcctini»’ Wednesday April 2) it 4 in the Fieldhouse Full at tendance is neeossaiv feu election of veil U uUi -FARLEY SiKma Della Chi Dinnei hononiiR; the Keitients f (he Btst Icaehei and Tucalher M 111 awai Is Iliui4div Apnl 30 at ( XO \ m in 111 laeilty 1 ouni e ol the Union iUAUCOll (lold Peppiib Meetiij, Ihuisday Apnl XO in AWS lliee al 1 XO If y lu cun t come ( ill m SIMONS Skull and ( rcscent Meotinpc Wednesday 111^,1 t at 10 in tlu Unien W1 I TY Coed Defense (.ode ( lass Ceitificates arc will ble in nsliuetisi im < 1 theAimeiy BURKHARl Mariiaffc Course The it will he t specnl meotinj, f tlie mainij^e e uise in the Fast I le iltv I in„t W Incsdiv Apnl 20 it XO Att ndiiup IS (snciilJv depncel as tcim ides will be a wen out inel semestci uv its let lied Itctie hrnents will be
seived
WII KCNING
Sons and Daufrhters of 1918 Class* If in attendance at the University are invited to attend the class dinner Friday nipcht May 1 in the Union If you can come call Dr Anderson 4048 oi Zufall 41792 \ —ANDERSON Model R'ailroad Club Open house Friday, May 1 fiom 7 to 10 p m at layout in Mcelnnienl EnRinoennK buildmp: Be there uaely to eiperate —DARK Exponent Sophomeire Editorial and Coed Stair Si/^n up on bulletin board in office loi woik on anv two of following dates J nday Mav 1 Saturday May 2 Monday May t ruGsel ly May 5 RcRuIai summer seheduk starts May 5 with woik on Tugsdui Iluusdav and Sntmdny nirhls -ARMSTRONG Tau Beta Pi Picpic will lie h«^Id Thurs (1 IV Apnl XO Meet at 4 15 in fiont of EL HmldinK All those havinf cxra please brins (hem Pienic will be held at fair grounds —MI RRILI First Aid Instructors Course The first aid lUbtiuetois couise will meet as usual on Phiusday at 00 p m in loom fi Me morial Gymnasium All students desiring Red Ciobs Fust Aid Instiuctois ecitifi cutes must attend this meeting —HUSSFI h Delta Rho Kappa Meetinj? at 4 30 Thuis1 i> Al ill 30 in mom 30 X of the Union New (ffiecis will be elected -BIERl EIN Sigma Delta Psi Meeting postponed to Wedneselav Apnl 2) loom X02 of the Unie n at 5 p m —HANSEN
YWCA- All YWCA cabinet membere repicBcntatives of houses meet in YWCA office at 4 p m Wednesday Apnl 29 —PETEKSON AKriculturist Meetinp: for all old and n<jW staff members has been ehanged from Wednesday to Thursday April 80 7 p m. in loom 30(i of the Union Keys will be awarded —SNYDER YWCA All old and new YWCA cabinit mombein meet at B 45 p m Thursday, April 30 at the east door of the Union A shOft mootiUK in YWCA office after dinner —PETERSON Scabbard and Blade Meetinn tor all junior mtmbets and senior officers in the towel room of the Union at 7 80 Wednesday April 20 Installation of officers —SULtIVAN Purdiif Oiitine Club Election of officers Wednesday April 20 at 7 80 Inouirc pt west desk of Union for room number —HENNIS Scabbard and Blade Plaques may be obtained by senioi members at the Alpha Chi Rho house piior to noon Friday May 1 —SULLIVAN Underuraduate Dames Picnic will be held Wednesday evening April 29 at place originally planned at previous meeting Meet at Ray Brown s 403 Wood at 6 Bring own service covei dish and meat —WESSON AWS Executive Board Meeting at 6 p m Wednesday April 29 In AWS office followed by senioi picnic at WRH —CROLL
Stiidenls 4 | li I ds inm 1 1 1 mi, r \ It 1 T hone 2 1 ) Iter ( 00 1 m
HU Hu sell Sheet C i
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Student
War Council
Tmpnrtai t d
ni 1
m
e t nc
f ill (Id ind
n vv m
ml
i(
(
pm lhursdi> A| ril
0 111
the
Fisl
li
pLi i
i m the Ui
1 T 1 l
t i
s t t
1 fuU r
plan will 1
c u
c 1
N t
(t
i it,c in
tim
DIKOS
Tiu Bc(
1 Pi riacji es r
i se r1i
ire
I ovv
av
nil U
See V u Vu
I rl lit
1 (
( a v
Ji
11 We t
YOUNGHl 001)
Alpha Phi Omega
Meet in Su
ll h
u g at
1 m W
Ar ll
t
El
1
n 1 i S
0 1 IS Rilh
1 1 Ll
1 1
1 r
1 re wil
Il 1 SpL ll 1 I
II m
V 1 -I
SCHAl 1
iO
PI M 30
St 1 1 wl
1 I
1
11
> ( 11
1 1 1 Ih II 1
\ s < n
til
ni ll
r li )
III I 1 1 Ih
( V n
11
V
I \s
Wf)OI)
/onavts
Ih ( „(iiu
( 1 1 i n
nil
f ll
th
A m 1
s 1 4 1 m I
t 1
Al
1
All
( RAI
We Know Our A-B-C’s in Dry Cleaning You cauiiol acquire dry cleaning perfection in a short time. It re‘qHires years of scientific study and practice. For a epiarter of a century Crown has been putting into practice new devedopinents, as they arise, that builds for perl<‘etion. Use Crown Cleaning Service Regularly Ciran imm't Top of the Hill
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
ENRICHED BREAD TOP BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Qualify BAKERY
Southworth’s
Brother^ You Said II!
SELL ALL YOLR USED BOOKS for CASH or TRADE at
HOTEBCCK&SDmYaCRE
308 10 HATt 5TRCEI WtSJ UArAYETIE IIJU
Southworth’s
PURDUE MEN WILL BE INTERVIEWED
AGAIN
• •
^ Last year, on 39 different college campuses, men were asked for candid opinions about clothing styles. This poll, conducted by The Saturday Evening Post, is being repeated this year for more than reasons of fashion. It should have important usefulness in the national conservation of cloth and other materials. Manufacture! s and retaileis want to know exactly what kind of clothing college men lilce best — what they find most practical. Government legulations about clothing make it vital to get such facts in advance. Maybe you were one of the 4,179 college men who helped provide the information last year. Maybe you also saw the Post Portfolio of College Styles in your lavorile store when you bought clothes last fall. It made buying simpler for a good many men. The 2nd Annual Post Poll ol College Styles will be made very soon through cooperation of the ITJUDUR EXPONENT. Results will again be available to you in leading stores this fall. When your local leporter asks you for information, your answers will be apprecialod.
THE SATURDAY EVENING POST POLL OF COLLEGE STYLE FOR 1942-43
(
't
3