xponent g Bmff /906
Volume 52, No. 99
West Lafayette, bidiaiia
Wedntesdoy. fanuory 29119il
Boilermakers Over-run Detroit Net Squad, 38-16
4100 Finish Registration On First Day
Over Half Of University Students Complete Mid-Semester Ordeal
By Bill Clark , At the close of the first day of registration for the second semester of 1940-41 approximately 4100 students had passed Registration Schedule For Wednesday, Jan. 29
ii^From All Fronts^— Today's Summary
Of War News
*
s-z
Old Students on Probation 1:00-1:30p.in. F-K
. 2:00-2:30 p. m.
L-R
1:30-2:00 p. m. A-E
.. 2:30-3:00 p. m.
Undergraduates and Special Students with Unremoved C,
D, or F grades
Na-SI -
g«00- 8:30 a.m. Fm-Ha
10:00-10:30^. m.
M —...
..... 8:30- 9:00 a. m. D-Fl
10:30-11:00 a. m.
Ko-L
, , 9:00- 9:30 a. m. Bre-C
11:00-l 1:30 a. m.
He-Ka
9:30-10:00 a. m. A-Bra
11:30-12:00 a. m.
H-l
Graduate Students 8:00- 9:00 a. m. Bi-Con
11:00-12:00 a. m.
E-G
9:00-10:00 a. m. A-Be
1:00- 2:00 p. m.
Coo-D
10:00-11:00 a. m.
Playshop Will Hold Tryouts For Third Play Tonight At 7 Tryouts for Playshop's melodrama of this season will be held tonight at 7 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. This will be the only try-out period for “Night Must Fall,” and all students are urged by Director William L. Deam to participate. No dramatic experience is required. Three principal roles dominate the action, but the other six parts are good character and supporting roles. There are five women and
four men in the play.
“Night Must Fall” was written by the eminent playwright, Emlyn Williams. His ..current hit, “The Corn Is Green,” starring Ethel Barrymore, is being staged on Broadway. The original production of “Night Must Fall” was in London with the author directing and taking the part of Bunny. Dame Mae Whittey took the part of the old woman in both the/ movie version and the original. Robert Montgomery played Danny in the screen
productio nof 1937.
Perrine To Demonstrate ^Voder’ In Music Hall Dr. J. 0. Perrine, assistant vice-president of the American Telephone and Telegraph Corporation, will present a demonstration of the widely publicized “Voder,” a voice operation demonstrator, at a special convocation tonight at 8 o’clock 4n the Hall of Music. The novel lecture and exhibition will be open to the student body and the general public without charge. Mechanical Voice? .
“Voder,” an electrical arrange-
ment which is comparable to the human speech mechanism in the production and control of speech sounds, was designed and constructed by the Bell Telephone Laboratories. It utilizes the same basic types of apparatus as are in common use in regular telephone service. During the lecture the machine will be made to laugh and to talk in basso-profundo, high-pitch-
ed and shaky, aged voices.
Special Meeting At 4
Prior to tonight’s lecture. Dr. Perrine will discuss som^ of the more technical features of the “Voder” at a special meeting fur staff and students at 4 o’clock in the af-
ro Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Ine Wendell Willkie went through his first air raid as the Germans bombed London in daylight yesterday, alter eight days and nights of quiet. A heavy snowstorm, reaching blizzard proportions in the north, has been cloaking the British Isles, the censor finally let it be known.
William H. Stoneman cables that to get an idea of the attention being accorded Wendell Willkie in London one would have to “take a pair of important maharajas, the visiting prime minister of a first class power and Charlie Chaplin and roll them into one.”
through the portals of the west side of the Armory. This unofficial count was made late yesterday afternoon as activity for the day drew to a close.
There remained until the last moment that helter-skelter atmosphere characteristic of registration as students dashed madly back and forth trying to arrange schedules and collect class cards. Those who were not fortunate enough to complete the classic routine were trying to get all their classes scheduled preparatory to the final step of filling in blanks
and paying their fees.
More Today
Some left in a downcast mood to return this morning at 8 o’clock to try their luck again. This was a tired, bleary-eyed group who left seeing a pinkish color gradually brighten before their eyes toward the north end of the building as' a result of a board more than half full of red cards indicating the illomened closed sections, looked upon with disgust by every student. All Over Tonight The final day of registration will begin this jamming at eight o’clock and the doors will close at 4 p. m. All who have not registered according to yesterday’s schedule are advised to do so promptly and avoid the last minute confusion. Official figures on the enrollment for the semester will not be available until later but an estimate places the number at about 6800.
The British liner Empress of Australia (former Canadian Pacific ship that brought the King and Queen to America in 1939) has been torpedoed and shelled off Dakar, but is now reported by London as “safe in port.”
’^temoon in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering building. The afternoon meeting will be sponsored by the student section pf the AIEE. At tonight’s convocation the machine will be played by a girl operator from a console resembling that of a small old-fashioned organ, with a small keyboard and foot pedals. Proper co-ordination of the keyboard and pedal makes the^ynthesis of speech possible. This is the first time in the history of electrical and accoustical science that a purely electrical apparatus has been built which is capable of producing speech sounding like hu-
man. j.h.a.
Low flying planes, believed possibly to be German, are assisting the Italian counterattack on the Greeks in central Albania, it is said (Continued on page 7) March Of Dimes Today, at a table outside the Sweet Shop, Exponent will conduct its March of Dimes, in cooperation with the national campaign against infantile paralysis. The local campaign will end Thursday evening at 6 o’clock. Exponent booth will be open today and tomorrow afternoon from four to six. Half the proceeds of the Exponent campaign will be used in the community and the remainder will be sent to the national campaign.. “Help the kid around the comer” and contribute to the March of Dimes, j.h.m. U.S. Menaces All Europe - - Italians Told By John T. Whitaker SPECIAL BADIO To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc. Rome, Jan. 28—“The peace-lov-ing peoples of Germany, Italy and the whole European continent are threatened by the United States,” which cherishes “a vast offensive plan of a militaristic and imperialistic nature,” says Virgrinio Gayda, an Axis spokesman, who writes-to-day in the Giomale d’ltalia under the title, “Eyes on the Azores.” Without sasing anything concrete, Gayda creates the impression that poor little "Fortugal is just about to find Uncle Sam’s Navy in the Azores and the United States Marines proclaiming that they have the situation in hand in the islands, which serve as a “clipper” stop and a cable station and could prove an excellent air base against American arms shipments to Britain and France. ^ “Posing its eyes on these islands, the United States evidently intends,” writes Dr. Gayda, “to push forward their design of extendingnearer and nearer to Europe their naval and air bases with an everwidening control. Thus that which American policy depicts as a defense against pretended threats of the Axis Powers is in reality a threat against the whole European continent.”
Heiple Announces Exponent Call-Out For All Freshmen Meeting Called Saturday For Frosh Men, Co-eds Purdue Exponent, University daily, opens its second semester in-ter-office activities with a call-out for freshmen set for Saturday at 1 o’clock. Managing Editor D. K. Heiple said yesterday that this callout is only for those freshmen who have not as yet become working members of the staff. This call-out is for both freshmen men and co-eds. Heiple will assign schedules to frosh men Saturday, and Beth Simpson, co-ed editor, will take charge of the co-eds. Proof Readers Freshmen workers will start off reading proof this semester, and will work “late” about one night in six weeks, Heiple said. By “late” is meant 12:80 or 1 o’clock. Qualifications for freshmen Exponent workers are responsibility, a sense of humor, a spirit of cooperation with fellow workers, and a lively interest in campus affairs. No previous newspaper experience is necessary, though it is useful. j.a.p. Meikle Announces 29 Selections For CAA Flight Training Must Make Medical Appointments At Once Twenty-nine students have been selected by the CAA board for flight training according to an announcement by G. Stanley Meikle, director of the board. Each student is requested to make his or her appointment with Dr. Van Buskirk at the Amett-Crockett Clinic immediately. Director Meikle requests that every student who passes his first physical exan^ation discuss his class schedule with Prof. Sherman in the Chemical Engineering Build-
ing.
First Ground Class The first ground school class will be held at 7 p. m. in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building, next Monday. All applicants are ad-. vised to report for ground school, even though his or her name does not appear in the following list: Names Arlin, Ralph W.; Arvin, Louis E.; Hadley, Robert Lea; Harazin, Robert John; Hurd, Richard Carlton; Hutchins, Richard Markle; Johnson, Edwin Warren; Kellog, Richard Homer; Kohr, Rex Ray; McElroy, Johm Craven; McClanathen, Donald Eugene; Mann, James Robert. More Names Marquis, Stewart Dent, Jr.; Philips, John Edward; Person, Hans Anton; Pickering, Abner Kuykendall; Pontius, Paul Edward; Ralston, Robert Gonia; Reul, Richard Philip; Russel, Donald H.; Sheperd; Noble Nye, Jr.; Spotts, Melvin Edward; Wagner, Paul R.; DeGarmo, Richard; Zuck, John A.; Goers, Roy J.; Manlove, C. T.; Wilson, Roger G.; Hopley, Ronald. Further applicalionB for both the primary and advanced CAA Pilot Training courses will be taken at the special table in the southwest comer of the Armory between 1 and 4:80 p. m. Wednesday, January 29.
Frosty
Sprowl, Blanken Lead Attack; Both Teams Cool On Offend
By Bob Swaim
Rigors from two weeks of Boilermaker court inactivity were in evidence last night as Coach Lambert’s squad wobbled through the rough Detroit defense for a 38 to 16 triumph. Although both teams were cool on offense, the Riveters hit the target a little more frequently than the Titan team, connecting with 23 per cent of their attempts. Hitting only five field goals in
64 tries, for 9 per cent, the Titan team was the coldest quintet to visit the Fieldhouse this season. Frosty Sprowl, Riveter front line man, solved the Titan defense for nine points, leading both squads in scor-
ing.
Riveters Lead After heading the Detroit squad when the game was less than two minutes old, the Riveters tamed more rebounds than usual in gaining their 19 to 6 advantage at half time. Matched with a quintet something near their own stature, the Boilermakers showed more skill in capturing rebounds than in any of the previous pos^Christmas tUts. Both coaches frequently sent in their substitutes in trios and quartets during the fray, and a count of names after final gun showed that a total of 27 players, 14 Riveters and 13 Titans, had been on and off the court. Few Free Throws Besides being miserable in their field goal shooting, the Titans found the hoops to be playing bad trieks on their free throw attempts. In 20 tries from the charity stripe Coach Lloyd Brazil’s players connected only six times. The Riveters hit 10 of 18 attempts. With Adams, lanky Titan center, tapping the ball to Captain Lundgren on the opening tipoff, the Detroijt aggregation passed and dribbled the oval down imder the basket where Mader muffed a shot. Slow Start Then for two minutes the hall was raced from one hoop to the other in mad attempts to start the scoring until Dulapa grooved a long shot to force the Titans into the lead for the only time. But Titan domination was short-lived, for Blemker countered from the side for the Boilermakers with his left-handed specialty. After five minutes of race horse basketball, scarred by ragged footwork and ball-handling, Sprowl broke from his hiding place to intercept a Titan pass to score a brilliant two-pointer on a dribble from mid-court. The Oblong, Illinois, forward converted when he was wronged by Brice, and when returned the baU after Detroit missed a field goal, he counted from beneath the basket. With ten minutes unused in the first ha|^, the score stood at 9 to 2. Substitute Lambert inserted Caress, Kief(Continued on page 7)
. . . Sprowl, junior forward from Oblong, Illinois, led the Riveters in the scoring column last night, counting nine points. The SprowlBlanken forward combination is the most aggressive front line pair since the days of Young and Sines.
Captain
. . . Lundgren who drew the assignment of guarding Don Blanken in last night’s tussle. Co-ed Hurt Monday In Coasting Mishap Jane Humphreys, Ph. ’43, received a broken leg in an accident occurring on State street Monday evening at 7:66 when a sled upon which she was riding with John Strange, Sc. ’42, collieded with a parked car. The sled was being towed behind a car owned and driven by Albert Van Scot, Ps. ’42. Strange was not injured, but Miss Humphreys was treated in Home hospital. l.w.r. Mefhodisf Church Plans 'Penny Carnival'Tonight Tonight from 7:30 until 11, student members o fthe West Lafayette Methodist Church will hold a “Penny Carnival.” The affair is held annually on the night before second semester classes begin. Fortune telling, games, music and refireshments will alfbe available for <me cent. Beth Ludberg is in charge of
the party. r.r.
Notice, Students To students who have made application for occupational deferment (Class II-A) under the Selective Training and Service Act of 1949 and its attendant regoIatioBs; The National Committee on Edncation and Defense & asking the cooperation of Purdue University in a study of Selective Service among the colleges and universities. This special committee is interested only in information regarding those students who have applied or will appl^ for occupational defermmit. daaa II-A). To this end each student who has applied or wiU appl^r for oecupntional d^erment (Class 11-A> is requested to report in writing, to the President's Office^ the dedslsa of his local draft hosurdi regardless of where such board may be loeoted. You win greatly expedite tils ^survey by your promptuMs ami aecuracy. Edward a BBtatt, Presitewil. -w
m
(Pixj^2-£diJtA
Wednesday, Tonuozy 29, 1941
ipjuJulusL £xponatit
—The Ratio— 3.93 ...to 1
Well, here we go again, people. This is the last day of regristration and the good old grrind starts tomorrow. Let's all get in there and pitch and everybody make distingfuished this next semester. Some of us had better, or we’ll be extinguished. We stayed around here between semesters and was this place dead! The only thing that kept us from dying of boredom were a few amusing incidences like the time we saw Kappa Joan Cooper and Theta Xi Bob Hall riding down the street on one bicycle. One nice thing about putting your pin out is that you can go about this courting business I’eal informal like, eh Bob? One thing sure, the Sig Eps were not bored between semesters. Those boys went hog wild and put out two pins. Gene Adams put his on Kappa
DANCING CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S Wed., Jan. 29th, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED THurs., Jan. 30th, 7:30 p. m. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’SftTH & FERRY
MAAS TOMORROW - FRIDAY I**®***”**/ kHoR^meon.. PTHETRE A RIOT!
nnn
GEORGE
SHERIDUN BRENT
iXonsyinooB I P Vri fONIUU
..CHARLIE RUGGLES OSA MASSEN • JANE WYMAN -- LAST TIMES TODAY — lOAR BERNCTT LOUIS HAYWARD ^ son of monTeGRisTo
NOW PLAYING —
NOWI tee the greatest screen entertainment of all time!
WIND — SHOWS AT — 10:00 A. M.-2:00 P. M. 7:45 P. M.
Katie Ade and Jim Orton pinned Alpha Chi pledge Mary Jane Burton. Men, we are lost. Vivian Peterson, that Kappa beauty queen of two years ago, has forsaken us and taken a Sigma Chi pin from off campus. What we want to know is what’s the matter with the fellows around here? Well, congratulations anyhow. The Lambda Chis did it again, too. It’s “Punchy” Campbell this time and a ring instead of a pin. The lucky girl is Ginny Roblee. If they don’t work at home, try them out here. That’s the stuff. Well, we have a beautiful romance gone with the wind, too. Jacquie Carr and Jerry Mueller got fed up finally and called it quits, and after all the trouble we had getting that affair straight, too. That’s gratitude for you. Oh well, better luck next time. How about a few statistics ? 90% of the Kappas and the Alpha Chis have pins with 5 of the 9 Phi Delt pins out on campus in the Alpha Chi house and three of the four Sig Ep pins out on campus in the Kappa house. Evidently, these gals have never heard of the anti-trust laws. That reminds me of the story of the man who built a bigger and better moth, and I do mean moth, trap and the world beat a path to his door. All he did was to feed them all the kinds of food that they liked and the darn fool moths died of indigestion. Let that be a lesson to you with insatiable appetites.
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
mmassssT" • iMiiiiiiiir stsssxmsawmSft
TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE
ERROL FLYNN IN THE SEA HAWK
PLUS
THE EAST SIDE KIDS IN THAT GANG OF MINE
STARTS THURSDAY
The Double Horror Show of the Decadel
CAN YOU TAKE IT? BEWARE! If You Can't Stand the Sight of Torture! CHAMBER OF HORRORS — AND — DOOMED TO DIE
We Dare You to See It!
LUNA LAST DAY —• 2 HITS! Dick Powell'Ellen Drew ."CHRISTMAS
Tliurs. - Fri. - Sat.—Z Hits!
Mm ^ 0» VHB Jjr bmmm
ptuMte/w
ALSO-
Purdue’s W Interesting • People
Button, button, who's got the button? Miss Tillie Magovem, secretary to the dean of Engineering, has several hundred of these—^not just plain simple buttons to be found anyplace, but rare and unusual ones. Bitten by the button bug two years ago. Miss Magovem has now won national recognition in her hobby field by being made a director of the National Button Society. This recognition came to this gentle voiced lady in November, 1939, when she attended the National Hobby Show in Chicago. At this same time. Miss Magovem won second prize in the hobby contest with her doll dressed in a complete outfit composed of some 700 buttons of different sizes and types. Buttons, Old and New Included in her collection are types representing animal, flower, jet, calico, campaign, slogan, inlaid, countries, heads, and stories. Favorite type with Miss Magovem are those buttons representing stories. Keeping to the older and rarer buttons, she has one display of buttons dated 1861. Many of her buttons date back 100 years. Button Swappers Correspondence fiom other collectors over the country brings about many trades, and she also acquires buttons while on trips. Among her most treasured buttons are those she has collected from the Ozarks and from Massachusetts. In addition to being a national director. Miss Magovem is also state president of the Indiana Button Society. So, if the bug should bite you, gather up your buttons and compare collections with Miss Magovem. She’s had a good deal of experience with this little bug. —yours for more interest—
ARC
LAST DAY
— and—
ALSO-
— THURS.-FRI.-SAT.— PASSPORT TO ALCATRAZ PIONEERS OF THE WEST KING OF ROYAL MOUNTED
5"' Colnnin
We went through registration yesterday. As did 4,100 other people. Today we’re resting up. But it’s a great system. All you have to do is stick out your hand until someone puts a card in it. Then you write your name on the card. And hold it out until someone takes it away again. * 4> * The only trick to the game is to make sure they take the card away from you. And avoid the unpardonable sin. Of writing your first name first. « * * A few of the questions are baffling. But you can always ask the fellow next to you how to fill in the blanks. And make the same mistakes he does. * * IF For instance you are racing madly along giving pertinent information concerning your student status when you come to a blank which says. Class? .. . The fellow‘next to you is saying “Yes.” And the freshman on the other side is admitting that. You are tom between the desire to say “ ’41.” Or face the facts. And write sophomore. * * * All m all the whole kit and boodle reminds us of a quotation. Author unknown. To us. * * * Sir Tristwist, in full armor, met another' good knight, and tersely remarked, “Good morning, good knight.” There upon he jumped on his horse and rode madly off in all directions. * * * Film this in technicolor with 4,000 cheering extras, toss in a short sequence of the charge of the light brigade plus a few dozen deputies playing dog in the manger with schedule cards— And Purdue starts two days later.—dkh
Jinudi^ JoUl
Besides Guns And Planes . . . there is another phase of national defense in the minds of Americans today . . . the fight against infantile paralysis. Today Exponent joins the thousands of newspapers and other organizations throughout the country in the campaign to wipe out this disease. Today as you go into the Sweet Shop for a four o’clock coke why not put your dime into the milk bottle on the table outside the Shop and “help the kid around the comer.” Each dime donated may help some crippled child to walk. Thursday night, January 30, in cities all over the nation persons will dance' to aid the infantile paralysis fund. One half of the proceeds gathered in the community remains in that community to fight the disease there; the remaining half will be sent to the national committee for national work. The local committee wish to purchase an iron lung for the community with the money obtained in this year’s drive. The “lung” will be of equal value to Purdue students in case of an epidemic as to the community. It is only right that we students do our part to equip this our community with a “lung.” Forego a coke today and “help the kid around the corner.” j.h.mck.
The Purdue Exponent *'rEntet«3rMMMeon3*eiZMpSatter at tha poat office in TST fayette, Indiana, nnder the net ef Congreoa of March >, 1879, and at the epecial rate of poetage provided for in ■ection 1108, act of October 8. 1017, authorised Jannary 20. 1922. Pnbliihed dally except Monday dnriag the regular acadeuie year and weekly during the Sununer BcMlon. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail tub■crlption $8.60,
...n. W. Donahn^ ..Merle Hageneyer
Editor-In-Chief Bneincee Manager.—......
PilUieatioii Staff
News Editwr. J. H. Managing Sditort....—K. Heiplc Aseociate Bditoia: W. E. Heaton. N. A. Oehlltree, J. A. Pnreell, L. W. Buffner, B. M. Skallemp, J. L. TrauitotL
Busineta Staff
Local Advertieing Managera: D. S. Powers, O. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, 0. P. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. 3, Shadford; Circnlation Manager, R. M.
Recktenwald. Co-ad Staff
Editor Beth Slmpsoa Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose. Donna
Siess.
Sports Staff Editor —— J. P. Dolan Associate Edltoia: J. V. Ada^^on, P. C. Jdinson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: EditojrisI 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Rnffner Asst. Night Editor: Clark
Day Editor: Miller Night Sports Ed.: Swaim
Staff: J. F. Amos, O. L. Allanson, J. H. Armstrong, B. W. Nordhnger, M. J. Fox, P. Howard, J. S. Keeler.
In Reply...
New York university has received a $50,000 gift from Bernard Baruch for establishment of a professorship in therapeutics.
Among donors of $25,080 to Long Island College of Medicine recently was “a little girl,” who gave $X for “general purposes.”
Texas Technological college is holding a “give-a-brick” campaign to complete its West Texas Museum building.
For More in Trade Take Your Used Books to
PIBDDE BOCKSUM 308-10 fTATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE IND
We have heard the Exponent criticized for its “war-mongering” policy from “out of the mouth of babes.” Criticize as they may, the Exponent welcomes the traditional 'student freedom and decision of mind which labels a statement, an editorial, a policy as one color or another. We observe that" the color is usually black, which makes it definitely “the other.” Might we remind all our readers, as of right now, that an editorial does not form a policy, but may be merely a “come-on” for the expression of valued opinions. But we have been called “war-mongers.” We object. Let us state our beliefs simply thus: (1) We are well aware of “devil” or “boo” words such as “dictator,” “total power,” “purge,” and others of scare catagory. (2) We are also well aware of Nazi methods of conquer and control, that they are essentially efficient and complete and most essentially considerate. (3) We believe that the United States stands second, if not equal, on the German “hate” list. (4) We know it is Britain and the United States against Germany and terror. (5) We do not believe in a declaration of war against Germany unless and until our security is threatened. (6) We do believe in commercial and industrial warfare against Germany. (7) In short, we believe in President Roosevelt’s “everything but war.” We believe it is the only way now possible to keep us out of actual bullet-and-bomb warfare later. If that be “war-mongering,” friends and fellow students, make the best of it.—^j.a.p.
* (Ir
fijuAduiL £xpoitant
Wedneoday* fcniuoiy 29, 1941
p/a/^3~%mA
Student Book Exchange Opens Today
Sales To Begin This Afternoon At 4; 500 Texts Ready For Sale With over 600 used textbooks already received during its first day, the sixth annual Student Book Exchange will continue to receive books at its headquarters in the south ballroom of the Union today. Selling will start this afternoon at 4 o'clock and continue until Thursday, February 6. The exchange will remam open afternoons until 5 o’clock except this Thursday and
Friday, when it will be open until 8 o’clock.
Need Engineering Books ■
ExpedlOOOToAffend Canners'Conference
KraybiliWillSpeak At Chemical Society
On Campus Feb. 4,5 Meeting Tonight
Technical books, especially engineering texts, are most needed, according to Bob Hoifer, senior Student Union executive, who is chairman of the Ebcchange. He mrged students bringing in books to keep the prices they ask down to the fair and reasonable value of the books in their present condition. This price will normally approximate 60 per cent of the new-book price, he said. Higher prices will defeat the purpose of the exchange. Sold By Numbers Books purchased from the exchange may be paid for by check, but no books may be reserved or laid away. Books received will be given numbers, which will be posted •on a bulletin board at the entrance to the ballroom. These numbers will l>e checked when the book is sold, and money for books sold may be collected after next Monday. No fee for the service is charged by the 'book exchange. Officers Officers assisting Hoffer as general directors are: Bob Donahue, Exponent Editor; Harry Lasrson, Student Senate president; and Barbara Fellows of the Student Union. Other officers include Jim Wolff, Xarry Brodd, Carl Tafel, Alice Newton, Harry Hudson, Marjorie Siebert and Joe Starek. Student Union -workers are assisting in operation of^the exchange. The exchange will remain in the south ballroom until Friday, when it -will move to the reception rooms adjoining the ballro^ for the remaining days. " Union vice-presidents have been checking the book lists, and those used will be official, j.h.a.
Class B
. . . basketball games in both the inter-fraternity and waid intramural competition will begin at the ^nd of this week. Fraternity play will start Thursday night and the wards will swing into action on Fri--day night. Ward teams will play four games, and the holders of the best records will play in the finals. In the fraternity tourney, two losses will , drop the team from further competition in the finals. Lists of ineligible players have been posted in the Fieldhouse. j.d.f.
J. E. Hobson EE '32 Named Best In 1940 By Eta Kappa Nu Jesse E. Hobson, EE '32, was named as the country’s outstanding electrical engineer of 1940 and was presented with the award of Eta Kappa Nu, national electrical engineering honorary, at a ceremony in Philadelphia Monday night. Hobson has been associated with the Westinghouse company in Pittsburgh for the past three years. He is in charge of application work on electric power equipment for the northwest district. While at Purdue Hobson served as editor of the Engineer, and president of Tau Beta Pi, engineering honorary, and Triangle social fra-
_ temity.
Following his graduation, Hobson studied at the California Institute of Technology where he obtained his Doctor’s degree. From there he went to Earlham college where he served as instructor in mathematics and astronomy. Before becoming associated with Westinghouse he was on the faculty of the Armour Institute of Technol-
ogy. r.r.
UniversitY Groups Meet, Form World Student Relief Fund Speaking before a group of students, faculty members, and student pastors who met last Friday to form a committee for the student relief drive, Claude Nelson, pational director of the World Student Service Fund, discussed the needs of students in foreign lands. Nelson declared that “Twelve to fifteen U. S. dollars will supply the needs of a student in China for one year.” He further said that “Needy students in Europe fall into three main groups—^war prisoners, internees in neutral countries, and refugees. The needs of these men are terrific.”
How to produce and can super quality tomatoes will be up for discussion on February 4 and 5 when an estimated 1,000 persons will attend the 14th annual Indiana Canners’, Fieldmen’s, and Growers’ Con-
ference.
Discussions will be held on canning peas and sweet corn and honoring Indiana’s champion tomato growers of the year. Climaxing the two-day meeting will be the annual banquet on Wednesday evening in the Union. Honored guests will be the champions and medal-winning tomato growers, who will be dubbed “Knights of the Red Tie.” Music will be furnished by the “Wandering Gypsies” directed by A. P. Stewart. This program IS being planned by members of the Alpha chapter of the Sons O’ Soil.
Engineering Schools Report Staff Changes For Coining Semester Announcement was made yesterday of several changes in the staffs of the engineering schools. M. E. Neligh and W. B. Miller have resigned from the Civil Engineering staff to accept positions with the Federal Government in developing the ordnance proving ground near Madison. Their places have been filled by two graduate students, H. S. Sweet and W. J. Kay, and F. Farr Jr., a graduate of Harvard. T. B. Frame and R. B. Hulett have both been appointed to positions on the aeronautical engineering staff. W. E. Chandler is a new assistant instructor in mechanical
engineering.
Leo Siegel will replace Prof. Charles Messersmith in the mechanical engineering department. Prof. Messersmith has been called to active duty as a captain in the army and is on duty with the University
ROTC. rr.
Wesley Players Plan Tryouts For Two Plays Tryouta for two plays to be presented by the Wesley Players will be held tomorrow at 7 o’clock at the Foundation House. Actors are needed for a one-act play entitled “Smoke,” and a full length Bible play entitled “St. Claudia.”
USED and NEW / Books and School Supplies COMPLETE STUDENT SUPPLY SERVICE Trade in your last semester’s books for this semester’s needs. (Cash if you prefer.) Deposit your money with us for safe-keeping, free of charge. UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29
R. W, “Doc” Epple, ’40
Tonight’s meeting of the University American Chemical Society will hear Dr. Henry R. Kraybill, state chemist and head of the University agricultural chemistry department, speaking on “The Chemistry and Utilization of the Soybean.” 'The meeting will open at 7 ;S0 p. m. in' room 211 of Stanley Coulter Hall.
Versatile
Dr. Kraybill, who has been a member of the faculty since 1926, is the author of the many papers and articles dealing with agricultural chemistry and is a member of the Executive Committee of the Journal of Plant Physiology, as well as being one of the leading members of both the American Society Of Physiologists and the Association of American Feed Control
Officials.
Preceding his address. Dr. Kraybill will be the guest of honor at a dinner to be held at 6 o’clock in the Union. Reservations may be made by phoning F. J. Allen at 2443.
Nu Epsilon Tau Tau, honorary inter-sorority group at the University of Texas, is promoting a national campus knitting campaign to help the Red Cross.
A blad^ white and gold panoranu of University sports will furnish the backgroimd for Dick Cisne’s music at the annual P Men’s Club Blanket Hop this Saturday in the Union ballrooms. P Men’s Club yesterday announced that Joe Rasrniak, also winner in this year’s Military Ball decoration contest, had furnished the winning backdrop. Decorate Rayniak’s design consists of a large P enclosing the words “Men’s Club” in small gold and black letters. Behind the large letter is a gold representation of the P Men’s Club key, while the four comers of the backdrop display a football, a basketball, a pair of track shoes and a baseball and bat. Variety Four smaller P’s atop the large central letter carry the names of minor sports, while two more P’s at the sides represent four more minor sports activities. Second prize went to Nancy Knotts for another clever design. Dancing Saturday night will be from the close of the Indiana basketball game until midnight, with the informal attire worn to the game in order. Ted Axton, P Men’s Club president, is in charge of the affair. Dick Cisne, maestxo of the evening, directs his band from the piano. His organization features sweet and swing music and symphonic dance ntunbers. Red (Jumbo) Miller handles the entertaining and vocalizing for the orchestra, along with Marilyn Duty. During the last few months Cisne has been on a tour of the Midwest and south-
ern states where he Bm hetak peering at many wetl-kaowa hetdbf and night spots. Tickets for the are priced at one dollar and are available at 3ie desk in front at the Sweet Sht^ and at the three book storesi* Money oh» tamed from this dance is used to buy “F’ blankets for the senior fete termen. j.h.a. WRH Plans ToOpen All Halls For Annual Inspection By Public Women’s Residence Halls wiS hold their aimual open house next Sunday afternoon from 3 to 6 p. m. All three halls will be open and tours through them win be conducted during the afternoon with residents of the halls serving as guides. The gmests will be greeted at the doors by a reception committee of co-eds who will welcome them to the halls. The tour wiU start in the living rooms and wiU include inspections of jthe upper floors, showing a]> rangement of the girls’ rooms, sewing rooms, shampoo rooms, laundries, and recreation rooms. In Wood Hall a special tour of the kitchens with refreshments being served to aU the visitors has been announced by Jeanne Chandler, president of the WRH Club. Although invitations have been sent only to staff members, all students and general public are invited to attend this annual op«a house.
Keep a Neat Appearance Always . . . with our FINE DRY CLEANING Confidence about personal appearance is the biggest factor in that “on-top-of-the-world” feeling. For “THAT WELL-BRED LOOK” Send us your suits, overcoats, sportswear, and fomials>—for cleaning and pressing that keeps your clothes worthy of you. Srown Laundry riME CLEANERS OF FIRE CLOTH E t
FREE DELIVERY
on
ALL TEXTBOOK and SUPPLY ORDERS Exceeding $2.00
SSii^IimSmnb^S
^ - 1 r-5 X
r I fi ^ L
S^aqu^TbaoA
Wednesday, January 29, 1941
fiwuiwL (sqjomnt
Students Approve Lease-Lend Bill, Believe Britain Will Win (By Student Opinion Surveys) AUSTIN, Texas, January 28.—^The belief that the United States must help England on a lease-lend basis, trust in a British victory, and faith that democracy will survive—^those are three patent manifestations of current collegiate thought expressed through Student Opinion Surveys of America. Sampling' a representative cross ■■
section of campuses, the Surveys during the first two weeks of January interviewed typical students, presenting three queries that cover one of the most crucial problems ever faced by the U. S. These were the questions, and the majority answers given by American college youth: 1. It has been suggested that the U. S. allow Britain to have planes, guns, and other war materials on a lease or mortgage basis, with no cash pa3rment. These materials would be returned or replaced with new equipment when the war is over. Do you approve or disapprove of the plan? APPROVE, said ... 67 per cent 2. Do you think Britain or Germany will win the war? BRITAIN, said ... 88 per cent 3. Do you think American democracy will survive if Britain is beaten by Germany? YES, said 71 per cent Thus, a preponderance of the men and women of college age today, who may be among those most vitally affected by the war in the future, are represented fully confident that the days ahead are not as dark as some of their adult contemporaries would have them believe. There is no doubt, the poll shows, that most students are convinced the U. S. will have to aid the British, even if there is no cash payment. “Refusing to help Britain would be like sticking our heads in the sand,” remarked a Rochester University senior. Surprisingly enough, the onethird of the national enrollment opposed to handing Britain war ma-
New England
. 73
27
Middle Atlantic
64
36
East Central ...
. 67
33
West Central
61
39
South
76
24
Par West
60
40
Make Your Semester Resolution to Enjoy the UNION and to Be Sociable in . . .
Nazis. Italy Make Plans For Closer Co-operation
WLt 3,,; W.
By Mtary Kay
'eann^
f
terials without payment is generally not concerned with the danger of actual involvement in the war that we are told the President’s plan, now in Congress, would bring. The reason most opponents expressed was this: “We’ll get stuck with another war debt; England won’t be able to repay us.” Section by section, the interviewers working with the Surveys covered the entire nation in this study. In the West Central and Far Western states there appears to exist the greatest amount of disapproval to the President’s aid-to-Britain
proposal: Percentage
Approve Disapprove
All-Campus Squash First round must be played by Friday. Taube vs Marks Wells ys Kalbfleisch J. Petty vs Clevett Cahill vs Macmillan Voinoff vs Allen Hartley vs J. Mann Armstrong vs W. J. Bond Burnham vs Fant N. Goldstein vs Eastwood L. W. LaBree vs H. Goldstein R. Green vs Adams Duggins vs K. Scott Knoll vs Ackerman Keeler vs Mackey
By John T. Whitaker SPECIAL RADIO To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc. Rome, Jan. 28—Co-operation between Germany and Italy is being extended into every field—^military, diplomatic, political and economic— it is understood today as Adolf Hitler, profiting by the lend-lease debate in America, prepares to drive Great Britain from the Mediterranean and North Africa as a prelude to an invasion surprise designed to knock England out and end the war this year. Axis co-operation in submarines and dive bombers is already taking a daily toll of British shipping and threatens, even before there are surprise moves in America and the Near East, to cripple British fleet action in the Mediterranean, an informed Italian said today. Some British ship is now crippled and put out for weeks or months every time there is an action, he claimed. Italian Lines Open Italian supply lines to Libya, moreover, are open again, just as they have been to Albania, it is understoo(d, with the British Navy impotent to cut the help which the Italian commander m chief. Marshal Rodolfo Graziam, receives now from a fulfy united Axis which pools men, guns, tanks and planes. If Vichy’s commander in chief in North Africa, Gen. Maxime Weygand, feels threatened, he must recognize that there are no arms factories in French Africa and that distant Ameiica is debating, not sending, armed support acioss the Atlantic. See British Blockade Just as the British will have reached the end of their driving power when they get to Bengasi, with 900 miles of desert, to say nothing of the Germans, between Britain’s African commander, Gen. Sir Archibald Wavell, and junction with Gen. Weygand, so the Greeks are facing an imminent offensive, aware that they have no further reserves and that Britain, while maintaining air bases in the Greek islands, can scarcely turn that front into a major theater, since troops and supplies must be transported 12,000 miles around the Cape of Good Hope.
Thus the Greeks must begin to feel like the equally valiant Finns when the Germans began to talk with Helsingfors of arranging peace with the Russians, once Dictator Joseph V. Stalin’s face was saved. Simultaneously with this, Japan is giving every indication of her readiness to enter the war, while Russia, in addition to signing a new and far-reaching trade pact with the Germans, is talking with Japan of a nonaggression treaty which would serve to make Russia a passive partner in the tripartite pact.
Here we are back again and soon to return to the grind. Registration took the wind out of our sails and if we had spent another minute with changing class times and close-outs we would be completely gone by this time. —^wTW— With a new semester we expect to see the turning over of new leaves and the appearance of new costumes. Both should liven our spirits from low indexes and six eight o’clocks. —^wTw— Plaids are coming into the fore more than ever before. They are predicted heavily for spring and are
Ag Engineering Building Scene Of Hustling As Faculty Moves
By Ernest Nordlinger The Agricultural Engineering Building is a scene of hustling, rushing workers as the faculty and all the paraphenalia needed for instruction moves into the building’s new addition. The addition was accepted by the University during the Christmas vacation. Immediately the department started to move in so that they could start holding classes in the new portion at the start of the new semester. Floor Space Tripled Built by A. E. Kemmer of Lafayette, the new building triples the floor area of the department. The laboratory space alone has been enlarged from 9,000 to 23,000 square feet. There are separate rooms for the numerous fleld machinery, tractor study, vocational agriculture shop with forge and heat treating equipment and experimental laboratories. Each one of these rooms has a new type monitor roof to allow the engine fumes to escape without the necessary connecting pipes. New Drawing Equipment The engineering drawing classes will use the new desks especially designed by the department staif. They will have adequate locker equipment for all the drawing instruments. The most elaborate laboratory will run the entire height of the
building as well as eight feet underground. Water systems and pump equipment for the classrooms and experimental work will be tested in this room. Thus provision is made for deep and shallow wells. More Rooms, New Uibrary A new library will be available on the second floor. Other rooms have been designated for use by surveying classes. Several lecture rooms and private offices have been set aside for the faculty. In the present building the faculty use a single room. “Only the latest construction principles have been used,” commented Arthur Altherr, superintendent for the contractor. “Look at the modern indirect light fixtures, the tarvia floors on the laboratories made from a compound of tar and gravel, and the new monitor skylight.” Finished Ahead of Schedule Using an average of forty to fifty men a week, the construction work has been finished two months ahead of the contract schedule. Beginning with the new semester, classes will be held in the new building which is located south of the Dairy building.
An 8,000,000-volt atom-smashing machine is under construction at the University of Notre Datne.
showing up well now in pastel plaid skirts and suits. Large plaids are favorites, and the colors are staying on the light side. We will be seeing many of these skirts as spring time draws near. —^wTw— Pastels make us think of spring, but we have a lot of time between then and now. Snow is facing us from all sides. Some of us wanted it and others regretted to see it appear. If you are one of those snow feinds, there are some interesting outfits to keep you warm and make you look smart at the same time. Try full skating skirts, gay mittens and caps, bright ski suits and boots of various colors. —^wTw— We were glancing over the Massachusetts State College, Collegian Quarterly and found some interesting news. Maybe you co-eds and men would be interested. Anyhow here is an excerpt from said magazine: “Time was When the women boasted of their lead on the battle field of fashion. But the tables have been turned and the co-eds haVe finally yielded their supremacy in the matter of dressing to the men. “The following horrible example of co-ed dressing rates as a new low in degeneracy. Skirts have risen several inches above the knees; knobby legs are bare; shabby skirts “adorn” the campus; bandanas “grace” milady’s fair tresses. All of which results in retrogressive evolution when it comes to co-ed clothing. “The world of style, consequently, looks to the male for perfection in the why’s and wherefore’s of garb.” —^wTw— That leaves a feeling of wonder in our mind. Are the men perfect in their dress "and are the co-eds as bad as they say? We feel that at least on our campus, the perfection is reached by neither the men or the co-eds. Both could be improved upon, true, but being prejudiced, we think the co-eds come just as near to perfection as the men. What do you all think about this dressing situation? Let us hear opinions from both sides. —-wTw— Till next column—good dressing.
the CAFETERIA the CHESTNUT ROOM the BALLROOM the SWEET SHOP the BARBER SHOP the BILLIARD ROOM the GRILL LOUNGE the BROWSING ROOM the MUSIC ROOM the BOWLING ALLEYS
JhL fijUAduJL VyimufuctL UniofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Were Wishing For All Students at Purdue
N ' V t \
\ ^
\ N \
SMOOTH SAILING
r
Coming Second Semester YELLOW CAB CON/ "51
' til f' t>it| ^ V, K, I af !f
fijuhdm ^xponani
/
W^iuwdayi Jcmucafy 29, 1941
Don’t Waste Your Money! Depend on Our One-Stop SERVICE
You’ll Find Everything You Need For Next Semester
AND
UPPLIES
For All University Courses
BIOLOGY HOME ECONOMICS APPLIED ARTS
ENGINEERING EQUIPMENT
HilUE B00K&$lIHY flOK
308-10 JTATE STREEY WEST LAFAYETTE INQreV’5»^ J %f j^^'V *■ "• '<' '-'i Ilf;
! J iTT»
? " " -i Jy V 1 ^ ^ V *’) ^ . t ^ »5 >■ ^ ^ V ^ 1 , ^ ,T. , / .,1^/ , . / * , < > ^ ‘ ^
fia^S-SpohlA
Wednesday. Januory 29. 1941
(pjuJuilm £xfuuuud
Papenguth's Mermen Beaten By Powerful Michigan Tank Team Competing last Saturday for the first time in history against perenially powerful University of Michigan swimmers, the Riveters found themselves forced to swallow a lot of water and also a 21-63 defeat, the worst this season. The Wolverine squad, by far the most powerful in the country, holds the NAA, National Collegiate, and Big Ten championships.
Trio Star Swimmers Williamson, Carney, and Krataor starred in the meet for the Riveters and did much to keep it from being a walk-away for Michigan. One of the closest races in the fray came during the 200 yard breast stroke championship when Joe Williamson was touched out by Wolverine John Shoremet after a nip and tuck battle all the way down. Patton, in his victory over Carney of the Boilermakers in the 200 yard free style, bested last year’s conference record by four seconds. A dish of cereal and two seconds more would have meant the setting of a new all-time mark for Carney. In the 100 yard free style Michigan’s Barker, who was national champion two years ago and is now conference champion, was able to nose out Carney with but a few inches to spare. Aces Record holders and champions in one thing or another can hardly be called rare on this Michigan squad. In addition to Barker, they have Heydt, who is conference champion in the 160 yard back stroke, and Skinner, who holds a world record in the breast stroke. On the whole, according to Coach Papenguth, the Boilermaker tankmen made a very credible showing against the strong Michigan opposition. More will be able to be told about the tale of Riveter prowess after the team takes on Illinois in the third meet of the season next Wednesday. Following are the individual scores: 220 yard free style: Patten, M, first; Carney, P, second; Williams, M, third. 50 yard free style: West, M, first; Allen, M, second; Herr, P, third. 100 yard free style: Barker, M, first; Kratzer, P, second; Garvey, M, third. 150 yard back stroke: Heydt, M, first; Hovlenko, M, second; Ander-
sen, P, third. Time: 1:39. 200 yard breast stroke: Shoremet, M, first; Williamson, P, second; Tingley, P, third. Time: 2:32.6. 440 yard free style: Patton, M, first; Thoxter, M, second; Carney, P, third. Time: 6:06.6. 400 yard relay: Michigan, first. Time: 3:42. Diving: Martin, M, first; Hayes, M, second; Ochstein, third. 300 yard medley relay: Michigan, first. Time: 3:06.6. j.s.k. Intramural Office Wants Frat Frosh The Intramural Department has issued a call for fraternity freshmen to try out for the position of intramural manager. Candidates are urged to report at the Intramural Office of the Pieldhouse tomorrow, Thursday, at 4 o’clock. The freshman managers will assist in conducting the intramural sports program, and will be expected to report to the office at 4 o’clock every week-day afternoon. At the end of the semester two sophomore assistant managers and one alternate manager will be selected from this freshman group; one of these managers will be elected Intramural Manager at the end of his sophomore year. Managers are selected purely on the basis of merit. Awards for this work are a trip to the Big Ten Athletic Conference in Chicago and a “P” sweater to the manager in his junior year, r.w.j. Sports Staff . . . freshmen and sophomore workers will meet tonight at 7:00 o’clock in the Union office to arrange the work schedule for the coming semester. All workers please come and bring their new schedules.
the Purdue Exponent Service 1 Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic OR. PAUL A. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK OR. HAROLO RISK & Main Sts. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Greeting Cards Ail Occasions SOUTHWORTH'S
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M C. "Red"' Sammons '2* R. W. "Doc" ^pla '40
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
% Locksmith
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Keys and Locks Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phon. 2825
• Tailor
• Hardware
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg, SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
e Dairy ^^roducts
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MUX Phone 46214
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St Phone 2777
Boilermaker Indoor Track Season Opens Saturday In Chicago Wasting no time in opening their indoor season, Coach Herman Phillips’ cinder squad will face Chicago’s tracksters in the Windy City next Saturday afternoon. Field events are scheduled to get underway at about 2 p. m. while competition on the track is expected to begin at 2:30 the same afternoon. Lack of practice is likely to prove to be the chief enemies of the Riveter squad as it enters its first contest of the season. Although workouts for the track team started officially immediately after the end of the Christmas recess, the final exam period broke in after only a little over a week of practice and upset the whole schedule of conditioning as efficiently as the proverbial bull in the china shop. Lack Practice Consequently, for the past week or so any practice that has been done has been largely on the initiative of the individual members of the squad. More bad news for Boilermaker track followers is the possibility that several members of the team are likely to find themselves ineligible for competition during at least the earlier part of the new semester. Nothing very definite is known about the loss through ineligibility and it may not have any serious effect on the performance of the team as a whole. Several bright rays of hope are still shining for the Riveter cinder men. At the present time more men are already out for track than at any other time. Fiftyfive men are now reporting for practice at the Fieldhouse against a high of 36 last year. Events Added Also likely to prove a boon to the Boilermaker track team are the new conference rules that include the broad jump and low hurdles as events in regular indoor meets. Rankin and Tycocki, both members of the present squad, won places in these events in last year’s outdoor Big Ten meet. Unhampered in practice by exams, since their school operates on the quarterly system, the Windy City lads are likely to wreak vengeance for the defeat they suffered in an outdoor dual meet at the hands of last year’s Riveter team. Coach Phillips believes his boys will put up a good fight in their first meet of the season in spite of the fact that their opponent has most of the advantages, d.w.m.
Riveter Boxers Fight Tonight
An Irishman’:
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Now that the little scrimmage session involving all of us is over, we can^get back into the daily whirl of campus life; and athletics, somewhat thrown for a loss by those pesky “D” and “C” grades, much to the perturbrnent of Red Mackey, are staggering on the scheduled road. _I.I_ During the slight intermission for an engagement with ten days of hell, better known as finals, there was a little activity around the Fieldhouse. I saw Junior Brock, sophomore football passer and runner delux, get off his crutches and begin to walk on a leg whose middle was tampered with to remove a loose cartiledge. This Brock’s a good natured kid, full of that stuff that makes one want to play, and I’m expecting a lot from the Kansas lad before the end of the '42 season. —I-I— From the desk of the assistant director of intramural athletics, Ken Scott, comes the whispered announcement that the Intramural program will have a new outlet for publicity in the way of WBAA’s new radio studio. One program a week with interviews of leading fraternity and ward leaders will feature the program. —I-I— I’m wondering if the basketball teams representing the ward championship winners and fraternity champs will be allowed to meet within the next two days. Ward 21, winners of the unorganized league, and the Pi Kappa Alpha club had exceptional fives, and it’s no more than proper that the two should meet, as they both feel superior at present. —I-I— Purdue meets Indiana in almost every branch of athletics and even in chess (maybe bridge), but it took Butler University’s Sophomore Cotillion committee to arrange a meeting between a couple of the two
Study Saxophone with TyiawtuL (BsutrudL Learn how to get the powerful Big Resonant Tone used in the Nation’s leading dance bands. Maurie Bennett Stndio for the Study of Sax, Clarinet, Flute Located at McLean Music Co. 514 Main St. Phone 7917
'Red' Caress
Boilermaker Golden Glovers Will See Action In Lafayette Tournament Matches A well-conditioned band of Boilermaker boxers, 18 strong, will make its entry into the Lafayette Golden Gloves tournament tonight at the Lafayette Armory with intentions of placing several of its number in the finals at Chicago next month. Coached by Joe Benna, two-time champion in the local Golden^ Glove event, the Riveter team has been in training for the annual fisticuff spectacle for the past month. ■ - Although the preliminaries of the
Lafayette district tourney opened last Wednesday night, 'the Boilermaker fighters were granted permission to enter the tournament a week later because of the conflict with final examinations. «
Five Week Tourney
The tournament is staged over a period of five weeks, with a card being drawn up for one night each week—Wednesday. The first two Wednesday nights, tonight being the second, are devoted entirely to preliminary bouts. The Wednesday night of the third week is the time set aside for the quarter-finals, while the next two weeks carry the tournament through the semi-finals and finals. The finals are scheduled
for February 16.
Coach Joe Benna predicts that his athletes will fare better than last year’s battlers, and reinforces his statement with the expectation that three or four members of the team will make the journey to Chicago on February 23, 24 and 26 representing their weights from the Lafay-
ette district.
Background
The Boilermaker Golden Gloves team has produced some outstanding champions in recent years, and several of them continued their domination of their class for so long that they were disqualified from the tourney by the double-winner rule. That is, if a fighter wins the district championship two times in the same weight class, his is disqualified from further Golden Glove competition in that district. Last year Jim Welsch notched the heavyweight crown, while John Threlfall, now a junior in mechanical engineering, stymied his opponents in the 126 pound class. Other winners of top ability in the last few years have been Larry Lyles, Steve Bacharach, Joe Benna, and
Allen Dilts. Promising
Among the favorites of this year’s tourney team are Gus Boughan, 147 pounds; John Pyle, 126 pounds; Jimmy Beers, 136 pounds; Walter Hanson, 176 pounds; Karl Shakel, 147 pounds; Ed Miyamasu, 126 pounds; and John Threlfall, 126 pounds, Threlfall, gunning for his second Golden Gloves championship, is at present on the doubtful list since a gash over his left eye which required several stitches has caused the tourney physician to hold him out of action temporarily. Members of the Golden Glove team heretofore unmentioned are as follows: Bill Ball, Stan Ate, Harold Wann, Don Reeser, Don Daley, Mickey Nau, Harry Michaels, Hack Payne, Bill Haskins, John McRae^ A1 Johnson, Dick Joltoson, Bill McClure, John Fisher, and Bob Phil-
lips. r.o.s.
. . . bolstered the Riveter defense last night agains the Titans, his bulldog guard tactics aiding greatly in holding Detroit to 16 points. schools’ orchestras. Irv Given’s dance band from the Purdue campus and the orchestra of Warpy Waterfall fii'om the Indiana campus have been booked by the Bulldog sophomores to play for their annual gettogether. A battle of bands, it’s
called. —I-I—
Dropped in at Bob Woodworth’s office last night before the ball game and found the publicity director busy at work making plans for one of the biggest events ever to hit the Purdue campus—the Big Ten track and field meet to be held March 7-8 in the Purdue Fieldhouse. Thi^ meet marks the fifth time in 31 meets that the contest has been held away from the Chicago University Fieldhouse. Woodworth hinted that students, although the meet isn’t a Purdue meet, would be allowed entrance into the meet at onethird the price for outsiders.
—I-I—
I hear that Doc Miller and his pill-rollers are bragging about defeating the Phys. Plant and Executive Building bowling team which isn’t true according to eye-witness of the battle. It seems that Doc gets his pins KO’ed and games won a bit misdistributed. Doc was defeated by 35 pins (I hear).
—I.I_
Indiana is coming to town and also that Jay McCreary, the guy that every crowd dislikes because it is jealous of his power to make fools out of the home team. This Jay fellow loves making monkeys out of Purdue players—^because he was once told he wasn’t good enough to make a Purdue team.
Architecture department at the University of Nebraska is replacing the standard German color chart with one using American pigments.
For More in Trade Take Your Used Books to
PIRDDE BOOK&ilMY STORE
LY|}e cridgley-manager
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE IND
'AfijuAduA, £xpomnt
Wednesday. Jcmuary 29< 1941
P/OOtt l-^fUAuttA
PKPNorfhwesternTrladToDance W" News Review
ToMusicOf CIrarlieAgnew Friday
Agnew’s rise in the field of music has been like his theme song, “Slow But Sure.” His music has been a favorite in theatres, hotels, and night clubs throughout the nation, including high spots such as Edgewater Beach Hotel in Chicago, Claridge Hotel of Memphis, and the Meuhlebach Hotel in Kansas City.
Boilermakers OverRun Defro/f, 38-76
{Continued from page 1)
Charlie Agnew
He and his orchestra have played over NBC, CBS, and MBS networks for Lucky Strike, American Tobacco Co., and others.
Vpcalists Featured with the band are Jeanne Carroll, a personality vocalist who can sing ballads and swing tunes equally well; Gordon Pettigrew, swing trumpeter who prefers to sing ballads with his baritone voice, and Gus Baumgart, pianist and arranger with the band who can vocalize on swing and bounce tunes of his own composition in his own particular style.
Notices
fer, and Neutzel into the lineup to team with Krampe and Blanken— the first substitution on the Riveter side. Neutzel promptly gathered in a rebound and angled it off the bankboard to score the Riveters’ eleventh point. However, Gedda chiseled the Riveter lead by scoring a one-hander under the hoop. Kieffer and Blanken joined in an offensive drive which placed the score at 17 to 4 before Stolkey notched another field goal for the Titans. Sprowl completed the first-half scoring by hitting two free throws. Second Half A combination of Igney, Weber, Conrad, Krampe, and Sprowl gathered around the mid-circle for the opening of the second half. Soon after the tip-off, Jake Weber faked his guard away for a brilliant un-der-basket counter. Dulapa hit a two-pointer, but immediately afterward Igney heaved a fioor-length pass to Frosty Sprowl for a fielder —an assist to Igney. An intensive scoring drive in the next five minutes raised Riveter margin to 34 to 12. Igney, Caress, and Blanken sparked the offense, while Blemker was the light of the defense. With nine minutes remaining to play, Lambert substituted frequently, during which time the Riveters could score but four points, but their great margin wasn’t whittled since the Titans scored an equal number.
P.O.M.M. Members: Those who paid for keys may now get them at Triangle house. —MASSEY.
Alpha Zeta: No meeting Wednesday, January 29. Meeting is postponed one week. —STEWART.
Especially cool on his shots, Don Blanken found his flip shots falling down on the wrong side of the hoop throughout the contest. Attempting 17 shots from the field, he was successful with only three of them, which is far below the Blanken standard.
Personal Liying Students: Classes C, E, F are requested to pick up their notebooks by Saturday, February 1. After that date all unclaimed notebooks will be destroyed. —EASTWOOD.
Purdue Women’s Club Swimming: Classes begin Tuesday, January 28. iSplash hour at 9 and instruction hour at 10. Come and swim in soft water. —CRAIN.
NEW
Radio Club: Meeting Thursday, January 30, at 7:30 p. m. in room 860 of the Electrical Engineering Building: J. A. Green will give a lecture-demonstration on loud-speaker testing. —REYNOLDS.
SHIPMENT
SLIGHTLY USED
Ag. Ed. Society: Meeting Thursday, January 30, at 7:80 p. m. in room 363 of the Union. —CONRAD.
Chem. 109, 110, 113, 126: Leave class schedules in room 210 of the Chemistry Building. Chem. 126 lecture will be held Friday, January 31, at 5 p. m. in room 320 of the Chemistry Building. —ELVING.
PHONOGRAPH RECORDS 10/
LATEST POPULAR
TUNES
Alpha Phi Omega: Keys for R. H. Weaver, C. G. Smith, R. Murril, R. R. Kraybill, E. E. McCracken, W. H. Kuhlman, P. E. Pontius, R. M. Thompson, R. S. StembergeV at 27 Russell street. —CHAMBERS.
Purdue Flying Club: There will be an important meeting on Wednesday, January 29, in the Union at 7:80 p. m. for “A” members. A general meeting will be held at 8 p. m. for election of officers. ' —GREVE.
ECN^ IIAK »T|tEI
WEST LAPAVETTE
MENTION THIS ADD AND GE-T"
Purdue Religious Council: Meeting Wednesday, January 29, at 7:30 p. m. in room 68 of the Union. Important business. —BELCHER.
3 for 25c
(Continued from page 1)
Letters
By Bill Clark Friday night at 9 p. m. the Phi Kappa-Kappa Delta RhoPhi Kappa Tau Northwestern Triad will hold its annual winter formal in the South ballroom of the Union with music furnished by the versatile young musician, Charlie Agnew, and his famous orchestra in their styled “Music of the Hour.” The d^nce will be strictly formal with a bid and tux or tails required. Slow Rise —.1...
in Athens. The Greeks nevertheless still report gains.
An unnamed Italian general is reported by Cairo to have surrendered to the forward surging British in Italian Eritrea. In Libya, the British were said to be moving up for an assault on Derna.
“Co-operation between Germany and Italy is being extended into every field — military, diplomatic, political and economic—^it is understood today,” radios John T. Whitaker.
An occupation of naval and air bases, in Indo-China by Japan would not materially change the situation, writes Edgar Ansel Mowrer. “It leaves the Japanese in a position where they can still shift their policy if event dictate,” he comments. The Thailand - Indo - China truce began yesterday.
“The new airdrome being constructed in the heavy snow at Chitila, outside the capital, for the use of the German air force,” radios George Weller from Belgrade, “is being discussed here as proof of the closeness of collaboration between Germany and Rumania.”
REAL ISSUE NOT “DO YOU WISH HITLER TO WIN?” REAL ISSUE IS, “DOES THE EXPONENT REPRESENT CAMPUS OPINION?” ... or does it represent the opinion of R. W. Donahue and his “staunchest isolationist (?) friends.” In all fairness to your subscribers and to the democratic way of life, I suggest you conduct the poll. Quoting Joseph P. Kennedy’s speech of last Saturday night, I can draw a close parallel to the present policy of the Exponent. “The saddest feature of recent months is the growth of intolerance. Honest men’s motives are being attacked. Many Americans, including myself, have been subjected to deliberate smear campaigns because we differed from an articulate minority. A few ruthless and irresponsible Washington columnists have claimed for themselves the right to speak for the nation. The reputation of the American press for fairness is being compromised by the tactics of these men.” Perhaps this university’s branch of the American press is also being compromised by an “articulate minority.” R. H. Van Deusen, ’43.
The best offensive record on the Titan team was credited to Dulapa and Adams, each counting four points. Box score is as follows:
Editor To Letter
PURDUE Sprowl, f. Kieffer, f. Igney, f, ... Neutzel, f. Korschot, f. Fields, f. Blanken, c. Weber, c. Krampe, g. Conrad, g. Blemker, g. Caress, g. Polk, g. Adams, g.
FG FGA FT PF
Totals
U 61 10 19
DETROIT Dulapa, f. Brice, f. Haweli, £, Mader, f. Jarrett, f. O’Donnell, c. Adams, c. O’Brien, c. Lundgren, g. Cedda, g. Biringer, g. Stolkey, g. Kelly, g.
FG FGA FT PF
Totals 5 Technical foul—Binngei
Dear Mr. Van Deusen; We regret that our attitude toward the No Foreign War Committee does not meet with your approval. It does however continue to represent exactly our views on the matter, and the telegram did appear over the editor’s name and made no pretense of representing campus opinion as a whole. We would like to add, however, that the comment which has reached our ears has been more pro than con. Your inference that the Exponent is becoming intolerant is hardly founded in view of the fact that we have continued to print letters such as yours which do not agree with our views. Further, we challenge you to point out an instance when we have refused space in our columns to our opponents and critics. This has caused more than one
cjCoue and
eep csuove an
^rienddltip ^iowin^ with
I lALLMMIC
, Valentines!”
w RAniA'c euincT pea f\\i
RADIO’S MOST BO-OVED PHILOSOPHER
Valentine's Day (February 14) is no longer just "sweethearts'” day! In our wide seiectibn of clever HALLMARK Valentines,'you will find appropriate cards for friends and family, young and old ... some sentimental, others humorous, and still others sincere expressions of friendship. It takes only a few minutes to select one of our many original HALLMARK Valentines to suit every'person on your Valentine list. So^stop in and see our complete assortment today! Send HALLMARK Vvdentines .. . they cost so little ... and mean so much!
DECKER’S
518 Main St.
Phone 5036
Personnel Notes
To The Editor
I Companies Coming to campus the ' week of January 27, 1941. NATIONAL STARCH PRODUCTS, New York, N. Y. Jan. 31 and Feb. 1, 1941. Sr. ChE, ME, Chemists and Graduate Chemists. SCOVILL MANUFACTURING CO., Waterbury, Conn. Jan. 31. ME, EE, and Met. E.
Classified
Ads
Lost; Cary Club pin an January 21. Reward. Call H. C. White. Tel. 2427.
Loat: Glasaea in blue ease—last aeea in North Women’s lounge in Union BSonday. Cali: 71811. Liberal Reward.
Loot: Female Scotty pup. Black and Brindle. Reward. Tel. 2762. Address, 238 Connolly.
Companies Coming to campus the week of February 3, 1941. CARNEGIE - ILLINOIS STEEL CORP., Chicago, 111. Feb. 3 and 4. EE, ChE, Met. E, and ME, GENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Schenectady, N. Y. Feb. 3, 4 and 5. Training Course—Engineering positions. GENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Schenectady, N. Y, Feb. 3, 4 and 5. Training Course — Business positions. INGERSOLL - RAND CO., New York, N. Y. Feb. 3, 4 and 5. ME and EE. BABCOCK & WILCOX CO., New York, N. Y. Feb. 4. ME.
FOB SAUB Typewriters and adding machines, new and need, for sale, rent and rspaiied. ABs! makes of portable typewriter^ $29.78 m $69.60. Olliee snpplieA Mimeegi^ti and mnitigrapb work. C. F. Eberaboff, 605 Main St Fbone 2779.
FOR BENT Fer Rent: Bnsa-Bent-A-Car Service. Cam for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phonn 2407.
For Rent: Double room, eontinnOus hot water. Phone 3923. 146 Andrew Place.
For Rent: Large well-lighted double room with comfortable twin beds, hot water, shower. Very reasonable. Call 2812.
Gentlemen: Newly famished room, twin beds, inner-spring mattresses, in new home. 440 Wood Street, Ph. 66001. ReasonaUe.
Boys: Doable room. Continuous hot water. $20. 344 West Oak St. Morgan.
Girls: Attractive doable room. Single beds. Breakfasts and dinners served if desider. Phone 2651. 212 Fowler.
headache for the editors of this paper but we stated early last summer that we believed that the campus daily should serve as the reviewing stand for student opinion. We continue to believe this and shall try to pursue a democratic course in this respect. If you can think of other possible logical answer to the No Foreign War Committee’s poll question we’d be glad to hear it but until we do we see no necessity to poll the campus on that question.
For Rent: Double room, twin beds, tnnerspring mattresses; cont. hot water. Reasonable. 202 Russell. Call 2348.
Rooms For Rent: Cheerful modem double room. Single beds. Continuous hot water. $10 monthly. 117 Wiggins. Tel. 45301.
Wanted: Roommate for senior engineer. Newly furnished room, twin beds, innerspring mattresses; reasonable. 440 Wood St. Phone 66001.
Double or single room, twin beds, innerspring mattresses, continuous hot water; reasonable. 202 Russell. Phone 2348.
Dr. Thomas D. Howe of Dequesne university is experimenting with improvement of peas by application of X-rays.
iff
REST ASSURED
at
HOTEL FOWLER 200 Rooms Fireproof
Newly Decorated Blue Blazer
Airconditioned
Fourth <3nd Ferry
Lafayette
After a long class, pause and
I
I
I
I
I
You'll enfoy the reloxation of a pause more if you odd Hie re> fresbmeitt of ice-cold Coca-Cola. Its taste never fails in pleose, and it brings o refreshed feeling you will like. So when you pause throughout the days moke It the pouse that refreshes with
ice-cold Coca-Cola.
a
YOU TA$TE ITS OUALITY
Bottled undec authority of Th« Goca-Cdla CMwaatrkrWednesday, January 29, 1941
fijujitdm-£xtw§wd.
i f r j ^ -
iTsf'.
tfC.
.fc'.:.
!«. _
IS"''
By a Purdue Man
For Purdue Students!
'e Education’’
e ire Here To Serve You!!
to 25c and 5c
a
Can’t Please Everyone
REALLY Try
H. 6. REISNER BOOK STORE