* / -r i <‘^ •y't ^ ! f|^ ^ ^ ^ , 1% ’* ^^ 1 ') ^ ^ '■ ^ ^ ^ ^ ®‘* ^ ,/ ‘ , .?*V, ?i . ^-, -. ’ '^ ■'‘- ' “ \ '' f ^ ‘ -
iiH
, ^
Pf 7^ :'-cS
ySQ Drive fa Start Friday
Established 1889
Fleet’s In . . •
Student Group Volume 54, Ho. 26
To Lead Campaign In conjunction with the local campaign the campus USO drive will be carried on through a student committee headed by Chuck Knote, Cary Hall president, and composed of Dick Sleeper, president of PIA; Doris Bower, governor of WRH; Bill Rider, president of Intel fraternity Piesidents’ Council; Jane Ballard, president of PanHellenic, and Joe Mogavero, president of SCA. All members of this committee are on the Student War Council, of which Ralph Deuster is the chairman and under whose supervision the drive will be con-
ducted.
Sweet Shop To Have Box On Friday these committee members will direct the diive in the various organizations which they head and individual contributions will bo taken care of through boxes which will be put in the eating places around the campus and in front of the Sweet Shop. Independent students living in private homes should make their contributions in this way, if not contacted by the PIA ward chairmeri and their assistants. Each individual contributor will receive a, USO Jiutton, while each house contiibnting will receive a sticker. Chuck Knote, committee chairman, expressed the hope that eveiy student would be wearing a USO button after Friday’s drive.
West Lafayette, Indiana!
Aero SWtip plans Flight School Wednesday, faly 8, 1942 1^0 Train Civilian
Jack Comer Places Second In National Agriculture Contest Jack Comer, Fianklin, sophomore agricultural .student, is second piize winner of a $250 scholarship offered annually in Sears, Roebuck and Co.’s National Scholarship contest, it was announced from the office of the Soars Foundation in Chicago. To win his award. Comer competed at each of the state agricul-
jack Comer
tural colleges in the nation. A faculty committee in each state ranked the sophomore contestants on a basis of scholaiship, leadership, bu.siness ability and personality. The composite ranking made by 48 different faculty judging committees was used to determine contest
winneis.
Arkansas Man Wins First Fir.sf prize of a $500 Scholarship went to Robert G. J. Spitze, 19 year old sophomoie agriculture student at the University of Aikansas. Two other $250 scholai ships went to Wells M. Allred, Utah State A^rieultiiial College and to Willard E. Carson, University of Georgia. Since the time ho was 12 years old,Comer has been almost self-sup-poiting. When his family moved to the city in 1937, he went into partnership in a threshing outfit. With the proceeds from this venture and from another small investment in a corn shrcddei he.was able to cowipleto his high school education. Jack Of AU Trades With the aid of freshman and sophomore scholarships from Sears and earnings from odd jobs such as ch'iving a milk truck collecting faim milk, night work in a canning factory, dish washing, assembly welding in a defense plant, supervision of a tomato patch and partnership in a seed cleaning project. Comer has paid all of his way through two years of college.
Navy Sends Second Group Of 290 Sailors To Train Here Bluejackets Move Into Cary Hall East Second company of 200 sailors began its IG weeks’ training at the U. S. Naval Training School for elect! ieians at the University Thursday, bringing the total number of men in tiaining to 400 seamen. Most of the men in this new group have had from eight to ten weeks of preliminary tiaining at the Norfolk Naval Tiaining Station, Norfolk, Va., or at the Great Lakes Naval Training Station, near Chi-
cago.
To Live In Cary Hall East While at the Uniyersity they will be fed and housed in Cary Hall East and will attend classes in electrical theory, electrical laboratory, .wiring laboratory, tool laboratory and mathematics. The men who arrived .Tune 1 are housed in Cary Hal} West, where the administrative offices and the ship’s company are also located. Becse Heads School Succe.ssful completion of the course will qualify the bluejackets to perform electrical duties, while those who make the best scholastic records may receive the rating of electrician’s mate, third class. Pi of. C. W. Beese, Director of the war tiaining office at the University, is in charge of the training program, assisted by Don Scott. ROTC To Hold Howitzer Squad Competition Tuesday Competition for sophomore and junior military students in the summer term formal 156 mm. Howitzer Squad will be held next Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in the Armory. The public is invited to witness this competition and seats will be provided for all spectatois. This public demonstration will be the first held using the modified howitzeis recently received by the military depaitment. The howitzers to be used during the competition are the standaid models used by the medium artillery and have high speed axles and pneumatic tires for truck towing. Sixteen Squads To Compete .Sixteen squads composed of two junioi cadet officeis and nine sophomores have been practicing for eight weeks in preperation for this contest. All practice and instruction have been conducted as an extra curiicular activity by the students concerned with the junior cadet officers furnishing all of the instruction. Forensic Honorary To Offer Discussion Tau Kappa Alpha, forensic honorary, will present a discu''sion for speech 14 students next Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in Fowler Hall. The disciis.sion will bo concerned with the subject, “What can Purdue add to or subtract from its curriculum to aid in the war effort?” Leaders of the discussion will be Bob Weiss, chairman, Faith Wayne, Jean Fountaine, George Zissos, Bill Swager, George Picha and Ed John-
son.
Debate On .luly .30 On Thursday, July 30, Tau Kappa Alpha will jnesent a debate on the same or related subjects having to do with the Univer.sity at war. The debaters will be Bob Weiss, Faith Wayne, Jean Fountaine and George Zisses. These debates and discussions are being presented by Tau Kappa Alpha to replace the speech convocations u.sually hold during the winter semesters. Speech 14 students may make reports on these discussions, rather than the usual convocations.
Soufhernaires, true sons of the South, will be at the Music Hall Friday evening to present a regularly scheduled summer convocation. From left to right, they are; William Edmonson, bass; Homer Smith, tenor; Jay Stone Toney, baritone; Lowell Peters, tenor; Spencer Odom, accompanist and arranger.
Busy Doctors
War Expands Duties Of Health Service
Union Sells Tickets In Sweet Shop Booth For Summer Prom
Activity in the Executive building offices of the Student Health Sei vice since the start of the war has increased by leaps and bounds. Beginning this week, the examining of the enlisted reseive applicants.
Opens At 6:45 By Bill Hoskins Four Negro sons of the South, the Southernaires, will appear in the Music Hall Friday night at 7:30 for an allUniversity convocation. Singing together since 1929, this group has become recognized as one of the outsanding Negro male quartets in the country. With nearly two thousand songs in their repertoire, the Southernaires’ programs contain music of all kinds from everywhere. Their repertoire covei’s three centuries of Negro spiiituals, slave songs and popular music — including African chants, Negro songs of contemporary time. Sang Over NBC First organized as a radio team, the Southernaires sang for several years over the networks of NBC and later turned to the concert
stage.
Master of ceremonies for the quartet is Homer Smith, high lyric tenor. Smith learned much of his music from his uncle, W. C. Handy, famous composer of “The Saint Louis Blues” and other songs. Intended To ]^e Journalist Smith studied journalism at Wilberforce University, but was sidetracked into singing by his success with the university quartet. His voice has a very high range, slip-
Under The Sky...
Union To Present Wright At Mixer On Tennis Courts Tickets Sell At $1.10 For Outdoor Dance Inaugurating" something new in the way of a mixer, the Student Union will sponsor a danc.e on the women’s tennis courts Saturday night with music by Glen Wright. Dancing will begin at 8:30 and last until 11:30. Glen Wright’s band, since its organization last fall, has developed a large repertoire of melodies, ihcluding everything from au-
which ate expected to total more P”'® *’^^0 falsetto, than a thousand, is taking one more Lowell Peters, second tenor, renight per week of the Health Serv- ^®ived' his A.B. degree from Knoxices’ already “war effort” filled '^*ke College where he too was a
Only 400 tickets are left in the week. member of the university quartet, advance sale of tickets for the an- Sayer.s John Miller, director made his professional debut with nual^ summer prom which will be of the Health Service, is one of the Johnson Choir,
held on Friday, July 24. The sale two official selective service exam- Singing Encourages Fan Mail jane Gaunt will continue through this Friday iners of Tippecanoe County. His Baritone Jay Stone Toney comes and tickets will be sold only at a c'ose contact with the various from Columbia, Tenn., where he thentic Latin dances to swing. Spebooth outside the Sweet Sliop which l,ianchcs of the armed forces puts was active in choir work. His first cial sentimental ballads will be in will be open from 4 to 5:30 each ur an ideal position to give ad- professional appearances were with order for the dancing under the afternoon. None will be sold at the to students as to which branch the Southernaires. Toney handles stars. Featured singer with the West desk or in the Executive of the service they are best phys- the large amount of fan mail re- band is Jane Gaunt.
See SOUTHERNAIRES, page 4
Building. ically qualified to enter. A special discount price of $1.85 Campus Workers Examiii''d
Played for Follies
is now available, but w'hen the .sale Ihe examining of the workers closes Friday night no more tickets who wish to qualify for jobs in the will go on sale until the day befoi c physical plant or in Cary Hall or the prom, and then at "the regular in any of the other places on the price of $2.00. campus where workers are needed
is part of the responsibility of the
F. f. Dieterle, BS '37 Promoted In Army
Instructors, Pilots A service pilot and flight in.structor school, which is expected to become a model for other schools, has been established at the University, it was announced yesterday by Grove Webster, general manager of the Purdue Aeronautics Corpora-
tion.
The purpose of the school will be to train army and navy reserve pilots to be civilian instructors and ferry pilots. Congress has appropriated $36,000,000 for this purpose and many similar schools have been established throughout the nation. University To Be Model According to Webster, former head of the CAA, the University will serve as the “model’ for improvement of this phase of training. Webster also said that the facilities the University lend themselves remarkably to this type of a program. The course of instruction will last forty weeks, divided into five eightweek sections. During this time the trainees will have taken 160 hours of flight training and 768 hours of ground school. Sixty-two pilots will be in training here at all times. Naval Officers Arrive At University To Study Diesels Direct from combat duty aboard ships in the war zone, several Naval officers have arrived at the University to enter an intensive ten weeks’ course in diesel engine operation, which is being offered by the University in cooperation with the United States Office of Education and the Bureau of Naval Personnel. One member of the class is a suiwivor of the aircraft carrier Lexington and he also was at Pearl Harbor on December 7. This special war training class for naval personnel includes 12 ensigns and 11 warrant officers, many of ^ whom have been assigned to machinists’ duties with the fleet. Following their training here these men will be assigned to diesel powered ships as engineer officers. Course Requires 238 Lecture Hours Classwork began in the theory of diesels, fuels, lubricants, air compressors, cooling systems, electricity and engine maintenance and repair. The course covers 238 hours
Before organizing his campus
band, Glen Wright spent time with of lecture and supervised study and such orchestras as those of Ozzie 1^2 hours of laboratory work. Nelson and Isham Jones. He played Ensign Anderson B. Alexander, in six months of show music with E-V (G), USNR, and Ensign George
, First Lieut. Frederick E. Dieterle, Fannie Brice and the Ziegfeld Fol- R. Mathews, E-V (G), USNR, both lealth Service. These examinations promoted to the rank lies. recent graduates of the die.sel school
Although tickets .'^tato that the have become more numerous during ^ Captain on May 24, according Tickets for the dance will be on Cornell University, have been houis of the dance are 9 to 3, danc- few months due to the in- ^ leceive i e a e women^s tennis courts here to assist staiF mem-
’ , . * . - I miv#iv*ciir'\r l.n-nr Fiiar/iv'lo uroe +W/5 * i Ji.t_ i.1.^ • j. i.;
Dancing From 9 Till 2
ing will last from 9 to 2 and coed hours will be extended u.rt’l 3 a.m., according to Union ollicral.s. Music will be furnished by A1 Donahue and bis popular “Low Down Rhythm in a Top Hat” Band which will come here directly following a week’s engagement at the Oriental theater in Chicago, and will ))G leaturcd at Castle Fauns in Cincinnati dining the wqek after
Prom.
creased turn-over of jobs.
University, Capt. Dieterle was the bers with the instruction.
The physical preparedness course, \’Sht wrestling champion will be held in the Union Ballroom.
See HEALTH SERVICE, page 4 « member of
Movie Convo Weekly Screen Review will be held Thursday afternoon this week starting at 3 p. m. Included in the program will be a short sponsored by the physical fitness committee.
Scabbard and Blade, military hon-
orary.
For the past three years he has been in Puerto Rico. Prior to his acceptance of active duty with the army he was secretary to Sr. Juan Davila Diaz, Insular Senator from Aracibo District, P. R. He is now commanding a battery of Field Artillery at Henry Barracks.
Downes To Supervise Course Naval administration of the new course is under Lt. Commander Herbert M. Hart, USNR, Commanding Officer, U. S. Naval Training School for electricians at the University, and under the general supervlsiou of Rear Admiral John Downes, USN, Commandant, Ninth Naval District, Great Lakes. III. The war training office here is headed
Hockema Presents Three ROTC Cadets With Tribune Award
Library Makes Collection Of War Information Available To Students
By Ed Stephenson
If anyone lack.s infoimation on
how
to
how to bo an air or lire warden, or
Corps Day last Thursday in the
Armory, Prof. Frank C. Hockema, ,by Prof.'c7w.'Beese.
Acting President of the University, presented the Chicago Tribune medals to the three sophomores in the University ROTC Corps who were selected as the outstanding students in military training at the
close of the freshman year. The awards were as follows: gold
Music Leadership School To Open On Campus Today
lu wii those connected er libraries and arrange >speakers to Cadet Sergeant David B. Specialized training in music for w to extinouish fire bombs how Univeirity. 'riie main pur- for clubs and other organized Lindsay, EE; silver medal to Cadet public school music teachers, counrepair boi7bcd roads and sti eets t’ose of the center^ is to make cur- groups. The library will attempt to Sergeant Robert E. King, EE, and ty home economics chorus le.adeis .IV,w to bo an air or lire warden or loot news of war and defense avail- give information as requested on the bronze medal to Cadet Sergeant and other young people will be
how to serve the country as a stu- people of Indiana. Other specific problems by correspondence William E. Morgan, EE. ' 1 1 - j iJ 1 j . . . • . , rxiv 1 V ...
University today through Sunday.
^ , The five-day course is designed Chicago Tribune, to increase inter-^ serve the needs of community
music leaders who want the oppor-
dont in college, the new wui information center of the University Li-
bary has an answer.
Cuiront publications concoining the war and home defense are placed at a special desk facing the main desk in the ^deference room of the library. All Office of Civilian Dofenso publications are on hand as well as roams of neatly mimeo-
given at^ the fourth annual music
information centers are located at and to direct attention to the be^t These medals are awarded each leadership school to be held at the
Indiana University, Notre Dame source material on defense subjects year by Colonel Robert R. McCorand the Indiana State Library in by means of reading lists and bibli- mick, editor and publisher of the
Indianapolis. ographies.
Will Lend To Any Group In State Whenever it can be done without est in ROTC training.
Under present plans, the Univer- cost to the University, the center
.sity Library will lend material from will endeavor to arrange for forum its regular files and from the in- loaders and speakers for organized foi mation center collection to busi- groups desiring them. At present ne.ss and indu.strial concerns and to the University does not have funds
, , , , ,, TT ■, I n,. i acciodiLed representatives of of- available for traveling expenses or graphed sheets on the United States z. • „ . i i i i u • .. , , ,, , , ncially created boards and commit- honorariums for such speakers, but in the war—all pioduels oJ the ’
Sanguinet To Speak To PEW Classes Mrs. Clotilde Sanguinet, director
Bureau’s” news mill.
Material Available To Students
tunity of a brief and concentrated period of study, according to Albert P. Stewart, choral music director at
the University.
Opera Singer On Staff
. , ^ c- U 1 T-v 1 • x- , Vassie Darnell, of Lafayette, who
f-imons “W-ic,hin,>lon Tnfn..mH!.m Community in the state, an effort will be made to put any f School Health EdycaDon toi the 25 years was a member of the Bure-m’s” u7vs mill ' usually be made group in touch with a suitable Tiffierculosis Association Chicago Opera Company, will teach
through the local public libraries, speaker for a program designed to campus today to tall? the voice class. Joseph M. Ragains, Whcnevei it is impossible for the further the war effort. methods and materials in teach- gf the University staff, will discuss
Concise reports on all conntrios Library to loan books from its col- Scientific Information Offered ing health. She will speak before orchestra problems; and Stewart involved in the conflict, giving a lection, the University will attempt Due to the functions of the Uni- classes in health and physical teach chorus repertoire and
brief history and current report of to furnish microfilm duplicates of versity, much specialized informa- education of the • department of chorus and choir-conducting,
their standing.^ >n international the desired work at cost. Arrange- tion will be available in the fields Physical education for women. Persons enrolled in the course crisis are also on hand. All of these ments can also be made to translate of the sciences and their applica- Mrs. Sanguinet’s topic at 9 will will present in cooperation with the things and many more are available articles from French, German or tfon to industry, agriculture and be “Methods in Teaching Health” Univei-srty Concert Choir, the reto .students for library or home Spanish. _ other services of public welfare, and at 10 “Materials for Health ligious cantata, “The Triumph of
'i’" Eurn'sb Hisplay.s In these fields, then, the University Teaching.” She will speak in room Faith” at 3 Sunday afternoon in
The iniormalion center was es- The center will furnish local dis- can render its greatest service|^to 106 of the Women’s Gym. Anyone Eliza Fowler Hall. The program will tablished to serve the people of the plays, lend material through small- the people of the state. who is interested may attend. be open to the public free of eharge.
m •f Us• ' ’ * ^ . ' ‘ •■’ ,'^‘y-v'i^y''''“.^ivV44 ^ ^1f,7'"'I,■''/’'’fii';'' ’ '. ' \ "''y',’''; ' "* JPW^ iv Exponent Emtorml Page Wednesday, July s, mz y
‘‘'1
Purdue Exponent Offices: Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieidhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
nditir-iii-Chicf Nfwo IMitoi MiiniKfiiijr Uliiur Sp4,r[s Kdilttr Hu'hirss MniinKcr C>ift»Jn{»on Maiin^fr Cdc.l r.il.tor
John P. AmoB Don T. Brophy John H. Armstrong Robert L. Hadley William D. Millard Ken K. GJcmrt Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff ABBocialc Editors rdiioiinl <^(n(r: R. W liobwiiikk-, I). E. Bntz, W G. Hoskins, " A 1 Uimt 1 D W. OehiltriH-, W E. Rafert. Fih7! Sl.in : 1' E Brcw.r, J. S. Dawson, E. L. Karpick. totil ftaff: .Siro Hiall, Cliailotlc Hass, Jean Lauer. Business Staff ( wi] Business Manager: Julia Martin. AiEeilising Managers: J M. Wright, D. L. Johnson. Ellciilatniii Manapor: G H. Kloimian. \(i-iiinls Maiiagci : Tiena Torrenga. Jr.iwiir (.aeJ iMansgeis: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
Staff For This Issue
Nhl! I Fthinr : Rafert D.ii Edilor: Rcali
Sports Editor: Dawson Issue Editor: Shipnoski
Stair: M,!,(lt, Rollins, Miller, Jordan, Vegh.
En,. cU<, Iv : I th.
=■ c'lnd ol.a"s mattir at the post office in Ijifay!j, iunier the act of Congrobb of March J, 1879, and 1 1 i.it‘ of postage piovided fo’- in section 1103, ir 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published \, 1 iiday and Sunday morningb during the nuiriI and daily (xcepl Monday during the fall and I r Dtdivcred locally by carrier for $1.26 ,oi 1,^1 r. mailed subscription $1.60. id fur national advertHing by National AdvertisInc. College Publishers Representatives, 420 e, Niw Yoik, N. Y
Someone You Know; Give To The USO Tlic lir.si drive in Lafayette to obtain money for Ihe USO is now underway. Faculty member^ vdt'i’c asked to contribute last week. The ncral campaign opened Monday night and is under the direction of T. R. Johnston, Uni\cr.sily publicity director. Before the cam]iaign is over the community fund organization Will canvass the entire city for donations. The Student War Council is in charge of student donations and has set up a plan so chat everyone will have the opportunity to contribute to this worthy cause. Fraternities, the halls, sororities, and organized houses will bo asked to give to house officers who v;iil turn in the money. A number of places will lie set up on the campus for independent students to contribute. Friday has been selected for a one-day drive and all donors will be given a button to wear to shovv that they have done their part for the men in the service. It isn’t necessary to stress 'what an important place the USO is filling by being “a home away from home” for the servicemen. Those of us who stayed here at Purdue from Christmas vacation until this past week know how low morale can drop when people are away from home for long periods of time. Speaking of the week end reminds us of a USO service that we didn’t know about until the trip home. In one of the small towns the USO had a stand set up beside the railroad where the soldiers were served cool drinks and sandwiches while the train stopped to change engines. Itlittle services like these as well as the boiler known ones like giving dances and providing recreation that your contributions this week will support. The quota for Lafayette at this time is $14,400. Si The Summer Ratio
8.44
to 1
I’ln LOSOFY FOR THE DAY
Man.v a i ural loiriance has started on a gallon of
coin and ended with a full crib.
\S 11 y CANT . . . . . , the Lambda Chis be a little more platonic in tal.iijg caie of their absent brother’s pin girls? . . . t!.i‘ Gimlet pledges pay their dues so the actives can i.ai'i' a party . . . pledges invited? . iI Hows study in Jean Patrick’s classes? . . . Jean Patrick, Chi O, wear longer skirts to
cla''..c ?
. . . Debris editor Dick Ball get out of his classes ■‘to HKit his ‘mother’ at trains” more often? . . llie Cole bisters stay out of this column? . . “Deac” Reisner and Southwortli’s have uglier 1 ‘ ill .!( (•](.J ks ? . . . Alpha Grabba Hoe Dale Butz get a date with 1 h;..| ; ,iI-wlio;(‘-naine-was-in - the-column - last-week-and \ (‘ (an’t-mention-it? . . . tlie wntei of this column stay out of trouble Ldan e ol the news that has to be printed? . . . “Hail Purdue” he heaid ringing across the canijjus at 8 A. M-. any more ?
D.l,FFY DEFINITIONS: Siuci) : that which when you go to a dance or a movie you have to do when you get back but don’t. Broke: that which when you have a date you always
a e.
Sex: that which Purdue except in very few cases h ifii’t. Kiieck: tliat which people like on chicks but not on diicla-n.v. Except in very few cases.
. . She is
this . . like
the
at
kind
look
of
a girl
you
qUmUMTOH Merry-40-R0UHD By Drew Pearson Big Business Fights New Taxes As House Committee Votes 14 Percent Post War Refund WASHINGTON—While the House Ways and Means committee continues to dawdle, some very interesting information is leaking out regarding the forces behind the committee’s butchering of the Treasury’s carefully balanced “ability-to-pay” war tax program. After more than four months of secret deliberation the committee finally produced a tentative bill which (1) falls nearly $3,000,000,000 short of the $8,700,000,000 the Treasury says must be raised to finance the vast war program, and (2) taxes $10-a-week messenger boys while leaving unplugged loopholes enabling big-profit corporations and millionaire holders of state and municipal bonds to dodge millions in
taxes. ■■
Members of the committee are super-sensitive over the public’s criticism of its protracted stalling and politics-as-usual puttering. And from facts now being uncovered it is easy to understand why they are so nervous. One of the leading pressure exerters on the committee was A. W. Rol>ertson, board chairman of the mighty Westinghouse Electric Co., which under the committee’s' bill would save hundreds of thousands of dollars in war taxes. Westinghouse is one of the biggest war contractors. Yet Mr. Robertson told the committee that his corporation could not cany a larger tax load without jeopardizing its future. • Lush Profits In the first quarter of this year, Westinghouse made a profit of $10,000,000—after payment of taxes. This profit was $2,400,000 more than the corporation’s, average in 1988-39. In those two years the company earned $5.44 per share of common stock; in 1940, $7.11 per share and last year $7.21 per share. Yet, said Mr. Robertson, unless the committee dealt lightly with Westinghouse it would have “relatively little left for cither dividends or necessary amounts that must be retained in the business.” He estimated that on the basis of earnings so far, the company will make $5.16 per share of common stock this year. There are thousands of small business men who would be overjoyed to make half that much any year. Several days after Mr. Robertson’s potent appeal, the committee junked the Treasury’s coiporation tax proposals and approved others along the line favored by Mr. Robertson. Rut that wasn’t all. Just before it wound up its operations, the committee suddenly voted still another dish'-out in the foim of a 14 per cent post-war refund on corporation excess profits taxes—which will mean millions to Westing-
house.
Note:—In reply to many inquiries we list below the members of the House Ways and Means Comluiltee: ' Democrats: Representatives Robert Doughton, N. C., chairman, Thomas Cullen, N. Y.; Jero Cooper, Tenn.; John Boehme, Ind.; Wesley Disney, Okla.; Frank Buck, Cal.; Richaid M. Duncan, Mo.; John D. Dingell, Mich.; A. W. Robertson, Va.; Milton West, Tex.; Raymond McKeough, 111.; Knute Hill, Wash.; Arthur D. Healey, Mass.; A. L. Fold, Miss.; James P. McGraneiy, Pa. Republicans: Representatives Allen 'r. Treadw'ay, Mass.; Frank Ciowther, N. Y.; Harold Knudson, Minn.; Daniel Reed, N. Y.; Roy 0. Woodruff, Mich.; Thomas Jenkins, Ohio; Donald McLean, N. J.; Bertrand Gearhart, Cal.; Frank Carlson, Kan.; Benjamin Jairett, Pa. Not all the members opposed the Treasury’s program. Some vigorously fought against the hatcheting which was done in the interest of big business. But because the committee operated in closely guarded secrecy it is impossible to say with accuiacy how each member voted on the numerous showdowns. It can be definitely stated that Democrats McKeough of Illinois; Dingell of Michigan; Hill of Washingtn; and Healey of Massachusetts supported the Treasuiy’s ability-to-pay proposals throughout. © Deep 8n The Heart Of Texas 'I'hese are terribly grim days. The fate of free peoples evcryvidiere hangs perilously in the balance as on land, sea and in the air the armored hordes of the Axis dictators battle ruthlessly for world domination. Fighting hei'oically in the forefront against these barbai ous forces ate thousands of valiant sons of Texas. The great Lone Star State is one of the most patriotic in the Union. But you would never get the vaguest idea of any of this from the fantastic antics now being displayed in the heart of Texas by Senator “Pass-the-biscuits, pappy” O'Daniel in his burlesque campaign for reelection. The crooning ex-flour salesman, teamed up with a crooning mineral-water salesman who is running lor governor, i.s daily putting on a political medicine .show that would have brought blushes in the balmie.st days of peace. There is nothing to equal it anywhere in the country. Here is a sample from an exhibition put on by O’Daniel and Hal Collins, his running mate, at Houston the day before Tobruk fell: Berth candidates had their own bands of fiddlers to whoop up the rtowd before and during their acts. O’Daniel's fiddlers were dressed in cowboy attiie and wile led by 'Pexas Rose and Mike O’Daniel, tlie Senator’s eon. Collins’ fidleis weie attired as farmers, with big straw hats. Collins ako had two comics. Sugar Cane and February, resplendent in two tone ensembles. c O'Daniel's Spiel O’Daniel spieled first. While his fiddlers fuiiou.sly sawed out “God Bless America,” the bulky politico strode onto the sage, bowing, waving, grinning and holding' up his fingeis in the “V-for-victory” sign. 4fter this came .«:ome cowboy songs, hillbilly music, a couple of comedy aet.s, a hot-selling plug for O’Daniel’s peixsonal new.spapcr, and finally his electioneering speech. Heie aie a few of his^statesmanlike gems: “At first I was afraid I wasn’t going to have any opposition, and I was pacing the floor like an expectant father awgiting the blessed event at the maternity hospital and, lo! and behold! here came the news —it’s twins. (This snappy wisecrack was aimed at his two opponents, Judge Allred and ex-Cov. Moody.) (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate,’inc.)
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lkhty
University Airport Revamped To Meet Needs Of War Effort
Yeah !- bonds,
Thomson Speaks At Ordnance Inspectors Training School John Thomson, of the Cincinnati ordnance district, spent last Wednesday, Thursday and Friday at the University lecturing to the two classes of ordnance inspectors. Ho discussed the organization of the ordnance department and its relation to bombs, pyrotechnics, ammunition, small arms, artillery and explosives. The second class of junior inspector trainees completed their work last week. Twenty-one men and women have finished the 12 weeks course and will now be assigned to duties in the field. Due to the shortage of inspectors, several members of this class have already been sent to the field. The first class at the University included 30 men who completed their training six weeks ago. Members of the third class have finished half of the course, and have started —I pledged to buy ten thousand bucks worth of war the second part consisting of pracwarden—I’m gettin’ out on parole next week, ain’t I ?” ticc inspection work. Ten women and twenty-three men are now en-
William E. BartHng/38, Fights With American 'Flying Tigers'
rolled in this work.
Editor’'! Note—The nccompanyins story from the “U. S. Steel NVw*.” icroimts the exploits of Pilot OfFfeer William Evirt Bartliiid. of Middletown, Ind., 1938 eiaduatc ot the Sehool of Chemical and Metalliir^lieal Engineering at Ihe University,-who has been mentioned in news dispatches from the Eai East ns a meniher of the American Volunteei Group hnown ns the “Flying Tigers’’. Blazing a trial of glory in the skies over Burma and southeastern China, the American Volunteer Group of fighter pilots, the former “F’lyinp; Tigers” of the Far East, have won themselves a place in the hearts of millions of newspaper readers the world over, and have struck teiror into the hearts of the Jap sky fighters in a few dark months since Pearl Ilaibor. Bag 300 Jap Planes Credited with 300 Jap planes and some 800 enemy airmen shot down during’ the first three months, the handful of daiing young men of the AVC have hung up a record that, for sheer courage and fighting fury, is unmatched in the glowing tales of America’s flying heroes currently pouring from the Far East. Representative of the Flying Tigers daily risking their lives in the steel-filled .skies of the Orient i.s Pilot Officer William Evart Bartling foimer Cavnegie-Illinois Steel Corpoi'ation employee now flying a Tomahawk P-40 in defense of the vital supply lines to China’s interior. Graduated In 1938 In the fall of 1934, he entered Purdue University and in 1938 was graduated with a Bachelor of Science dogieo in chemical engineerin.g. I It was while at Norfolk, Va., during the summer of last year that Biil received an .offer from the Arneiican Volunteer Group, which was then being recruited fiom the ranks of the Army, Navy and Marine Corps fliers for the purpose of helping China in its fight. The mystery and adventure connected with the new mission appealed to young ensign and, promised no loss of rank in the Navy should he accept the offer, he enlisted promptly. When the big blow came on December 7, Bill and his buddies, trained under the crack American ace, Colonel Claiie Chennault, were ready and waiting, and by the end of the year had taken the measure of the enemy knocking better than 25 planes fiom the skies. On Dec. 20 Bill Bartling bagged hi.s ’ first enemy plane. Ever on the alert, and itching’ for a good fight, the young men of the AVC have proved themselves mighty bad medicine for the Jap'every time they’ve taken to the air in their patched and bull''t-i’i(ldled Iilaiies. ffuLirui.ibei ed, often as nrueir a', ten to one, they’ve outflo >/n and outfought eveiything in sig.liL, and look's! aiouiid Joi more ■when tliey wei’o thioii/'h. Forty-Eight Enroll In Defense Course Forty-eight students from all parts of the middle west comprised the ciii’ollmorrt for the second tenday War Department Civilian Protection School which got underway here Thursday. All phases of civilian defense are covered in in the comprehensive curriculum of the schoqls, which are to be continued hero for the duration of the orner’gorrcy. 'Phe first school, which closed liei e last Wedne.sday, included 67 students from ten states.
Army Announces Enlisted Reserve Plan Quota Unfilled Male students are again reminded by the military department of the Enlisted Reserve Plan which is being offered to present University students this year only. The quota is still irot filled and there is room for more applicants wishing to join. This plan provides a future source of qualified officer candidates for the Army from college graduates. A selected number of students will bo permitted to enlist in the Arhry Enlisted Reserve Corps and to continue their education until they graduate. However, students may be called to active duty if they leave college, fail to graduate with their class, fail to pass the successive academic examination or should it be determined by the Secretary of W^r that necessity of war so demands. Personnel Notes
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway System, Chicago, 111.—Interested in August or December ME and EE. Coming, Wednesday, July 8. Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, New Yoik—Coming Wednesday and Thursday, July 8 and 9. Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, Akron, Ohio—Coming Thui’sday, .luly 9. Interested in August ME, CE, EE, and ChE. Sign in Personnel Office by 3:00 p. m., Wednesday, July 8. Stewart-Warner Corporation, Indianapolis, Indiana — Coming Friday, July 10. Interested in August ME graduates. Sign in Personnel Office by Thur.sday, July 3. Delco Remy Division of GMC, Anderson, Ind.—Coming Saturday, July 11. Interested in ME, EE, ChE and Sci. Sign in Personnel Office by Friday, July 10. Carnegie-Illinois Steel Company, Chicago, III.— Coming Wednesday, July 16. Interested in all August engineering graduates. .Sign in Personnel Office by 4:00 P. M. Thursday, July 9. Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company, Barberton, Oliio—Coming Fiiday, July 17. Holley Carburetor Comjiany, Detroif, Michiu’an--('oming’ Wedne,'--day, July 22. Intcre'ffed in August ME. Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, July 21. Continental Electric Company, (jeiK-va, 111.-—Aiig’ust oi December EE. Sign in Personni'l office at once. A repiesentative may visil the campus if a sufficient number si,;n up. Simnioiids Aerocessoric.s, Inc., Now Yoik-Interested in Mechanical and Aeronautical Engincer.s for insti unieiit woik. Sign in Peisonnel Office by Tuesday, July 14. P. R. Mallory and Company, Indianapolis, Ind.—Interested in engineers for sale.s engineering. Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, July 14. Naugatuck Chemical Division of U. S. Rubber Company, Naugatuck, Connecticut—Interesti'd in August and December Clieniical Engineoi’S, Sign in Personnel Office by Tluirs-
atdjte/iA. to the £dihA.
Dear Mr. Editor: Aren’t we students a thoughtful bunch of placid individuals! Wo have one of the finest Union Buildings to be found on any campus. It’s an ideal place to spend our leisure time. In fact, it’s such a nice place we won’t even shuie it with our new Bluejackets friends. No, we would much rather have them liiko across the levee and crowd into one small inadequate room. Of course, if there isn’t room for all of them there, the streets are wide. They can walk up one side and down the other, looking for someLliing to do, while we sit back and leisurely enjoy oiii solves in any one of sevcial spacious lounges and reel cation rooms. Our student organizations wouldn’t dare invite them to join us and shaie some of our recreational facilities. Oh no, that might crowd u.s a little. We might have to liowl some evening when we had planned to play pool. It M'ould cramp our style, wouldn’t it? But we are a broad-minded and goherous bunch of fellows. We are willing to shaie with them—after wo g’et in the seivicc and are sliippcd out among stiangers. Sure we will share—then. RICHARD SMITH, Senior, Thiid Gioup, ’42.
day, July IG.
Sharpies Chemicals, Inc., Philadelphia, Pennsylvania—Interested in Chemical Engineers or chemists. Siun in Personnel Office by Thurs-
day, July IG.
By Dick Marion
Among the many changes which ^ have been made in^e University by the war, those which have almost completely transformed the llniversity Airport have gone on with ^ little notice from the students; but shortly after the declaration of war, the University Airport, along with the others in the country, wOjS put under the watchful eye of the Army. On May 12, 1942, the Purdue Aeronautics Corporation was organized with G. S. Meikle, R. B. Stewart, Grove Webster and E. C. Elliott as the'iofficers. Through this corporation the airport was leased and operated in the interest of national defense for ai’conautical research and civilian pilot training. Gives Civilian Training Under the direction of Grove Webster, the University now gives instruction in both primary and secondary civilian flight training. One of the things that Webster brought with him to the campus was a q^iota limit of 60 for the CPT course, which is still approximately 20 more than any other college or university in the country is allotted. Some 300 students will be given chances to “gain their wings” and become wai’birds for the Air Corps or obtain their civilian pilot’s licenses during this coming year. Of each quota 40 students will receive primary training and 10 the sec-
ondary course.
University Continues Research Even though the Aimy has taken control of the airport and fenced it in. Grove Webster is still in charge of all work in connection with resea!rch; and Capt. L. I. Aretz manages and administers the actual flying activities. Captain Aretz has at the pro,sent time 2G planes stored in the hangar and 11 of those are used in (^PT training. Opportunity For Army Training Out of the six groups to be trained this year 20 men will have a chance to enlist in the V-5 class of the Navy Air Corps and 30 may go into the Army Air Corps as liason and utility pilots. 'Phe Army has revii,ed its original plans and no student in CPT may bi’come a combat pilot IniL will instead be put into •sei vices sucli as ferry pilots and other non-combatant work. Director Meikle, who has been largely responsible for the development Of the airpoiL facilities and activities .stated that the new engine and aeiodynamics laboratories are neaiing completion and with these additions the University will have some of the finest facilities for this work in the nation. The ail poll is fully acredited and has all of the equipment of any modern base. It has a four man weather station, a radio laniiing beam that coincides with the south-west-southeast 1 unwav.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
LUMA LAST DAY—2 FEATURES
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS Iniversily 0g4 Store
Acrosa From Union imoiiB *29 "Uur** Eppio ’40
LAST TIMES TODAY-
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
1A LAUGH A SECOND I rA THRILL A MINUTE!
BUY WAR STAMPS AND BONDS AT THIS THEATRE
MARS -LAST TIMES TODAY-
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
Lpr^PRESTOK ililllS €«Kri|r OR ^ A Paramount PIdoro with CREGAR-LADD
'v
‘FWednesday^ July 8, 1942
Boilermaker Sports
11'
In Cary Two Wins Golf Tourney By Jim Ackerman By defeating Unit 1, 13 to 0, while Unit 3 was trouncing Unit 2, 9 to 3, Unit 5 insured themselves of at least a tie for first place, last Monday evening. , Previous to these games, Five and Two were tied for first place with two games yet to play. Each team had won eight games, while losing two. After .—_—: ^^ Monday's games though. Five fraternity men entered in had won nine and lost two, the Golf Tournament which starts while Two had won eight and Wednesday, July 8, report to the lost three. If, by chance. Unit golf course any time after 3:00 6 should lose' their last game ® Wednesday afternoon. i. j TT -4. o . • Each player must go out with a next Friday, while Unit 2 wins, , ^ \ ,v ,, ,, , j, .. . player from another fraternity, then there would be a tie for first, , „ , . , . , , .V . 1. • u J £ J. All score cards must be Signed by otherwise Five has cinched first , , , . . , . your opponent and turned in at ^ the starting house at No. 1 Tee at Two Sure of Second University Golf Course. Unit 2 is sure of at least second Matches will be over eighteen , place even if they lose their last holes. Nine holes may be played game, but Unit 1 might be dropped at a time or you may play the to fourth place if Unit 3 wins their entire 18 holes at one time. The next two games with Unit 7. Unit 7 first round will count as the qualsurprised all the teams last night by ifying round, the eight teams with defeating Unit 6 and thus winning the lowest score for three men their first game this season. It was will go to the finals which will be the eighth loss for Six, played as straight elimination. By playing the brand of ball Play will continue every afterwhich wins ball games for any noon this week through and inteam, Unit 3 easily defeated Unit 2 eluding Sunday, July 12. last Monday. Gil Walters continti- ■ ally put Two back on its heels each inning with no more than one run. man, and John Zimmerly; while the Five errors aided Three in scoring members of Unit Four were Dick all but three of their nine runs. Smith, Bill Thiel, and Ken Marlin. The final score was 9 td,3. Ed Coop- Unit 1 was composed of Don Rober won another game for Unit 6 erts. By Rumble, and T. D. DawMonday by holding Oiie scoreless, kins. Seven was made up of Ladwhile his team crossed the platter don, Landin an4 Perkins. 13 tjmes. In horseshoes. Two still remained Two Wins Golf Tourney in the lead with ^hree victories Unit 2 won the Cary Hall golf against no defeats. Following close tournament which was held two behind is Unit 3 with four victories weeks ago. Units 4, 1 and 7 fol- against one defeat, lowed in the respective places. Two The standings in horseshoes are nosed out Four by two points, while ,as follows: Pour had but a one-point lead on W L Pet One. Unit 2 , .3 0 1.000 The final scores on the matches Unit 3 4 1 .800 were Two, fi80; Pour, 682; One, 683; Unit 4 .....2 i .667 and Seven, 602. Don Roberts of Unit 1 ......2 2 .600 Unit 1 was low man for the two Sat- Unit 6 2 2 .600 urdays with an 87-84-171. Bob Unit 6 0 4 . .000 Scranton of Unit 2 was second low U>iit 7 0 3 .000' with an 86-89-174. Don Hendrick- Softball standings: son of Unit 6 had the lowest eigh- Unit 6 9 2 .818 teen, His .score being an 81. Unit 2 ...: 8 3 .727 Three Men Compose Team Unit 1 6 6 .646 Each team was composed of three Unit 3 6 6 .600 men. Their total score determining Unit 4 .....6 6 .464 the winners. The members of Two Unit 6 .3 8 .273 were Bob Scranton, Jim Stiggle- Unit 7 1 8 .111
s
ports Communiq[ue By Bob Hadley
Phone 2343
SCOBEE’S All Kinds of Photographic Supplies — Fresh Film and Film Pks - Try Our Quality Kodak Finishing — PROMPT SERVICE 105 Northwestern Ave.
The last two days have seen some of the best baseball of the year played by the select plaVers of organized baseball. The 34,000 fan^ who' filed into the Polo Grounds Monday night saw a game that really looked like a contest between the stars of the business., A .rather interesting angle on the scoring in the 3-1 contest that the American League, contingent pounded out over the National Leaguers is the fact,that 3 of the 4 runs scored were home runs while the fourth was scored by Henrich of the Yanks, after a long double, when Tiger York clubbed a wide pitch into the lower stands. , ' ^ ^ The school of baseball thought which was afraid that the responsibility of managing the occasionally cantankerous Cleveland Indians would impair Lou Boudreau’s playing was dismissed last night for good. After maintaining his position of outstanding shortstop in thq American Lehgue thus far this year, the second pitch Of the game by Mort Cooper, which Lou deposited in the upper stafids in left field dispelled any remaining doubt. .Mickey, Gwen of the Dodgers did a rather creditable job of pinchhitting for Claude Passeau of the Nationals in the eighth inning when he supplied the loser’s with their only tally via the customary route for the evening—a drive into the stands. „ ' Joe DiMaggio led both teams in frequency of appearance on the basepaths. He accumulated two singles on Monday night and seemed ’ < to have formed the habit as he drove in the first run in the^American League-All-Star Service team game last night. The scoring started early in last night’s fray with tfie American Leaguers changing their tactics to combine a flurry of short hits to gain 2 markers in the first inning. The service team got off to a healthy start also and managed to load the bases with one down and give pitcher' Jim Bagby of Cleveland some anxious moments before he settled down to strike out Joe Grace and cause his successor, in the batter’s box to send a bounder down to Keltner. ' Bob Feller apparently wasn’t in his old Cleveland form even though he was in his old stamping grounds, for the American . Leaguers smacked out 3 singles and a triple in the first 2 innings.' Johnny Rigney, with a month of baseball with the White Sox this season for a background, relieved Bob in the second and finished the inning without further difficulty. ’■
Sigma Alpha Epsilon Sets Pace In All-Campus Bowling League Sigma Alpha Epsilon continues ' ■. . ■
to set the pace in the Union bowling league with a record of 12 wins and three losses as the league moves into its sixth week of play tonight at 6:30. They are well out in front of the “A” bracket, and have the best record in either of the
two leagues.
In their last time out the SAE’s annexed a pair of individual marks. The team took the new high series with a 2423 performance that bettered the previous 2399 high made by the ATO’s. Bob Stackhouse not only led the team all the way but took the high individual series with a 612 total. He is the only , bowler in the lea,gue to haVe averaged better than 200 per garr.ie for any one night’s bowling. Phi Kappa Tan Second Phi Kappa Tau is in second place in the “A” bracket with a record of nine wins and six losses. The Delta Upsilon five has a chance to take over second place from the Phi Tail’s when they roll their postponed match with the Beta’s. In the other bracket the Phi Sigma Kappa team lias a temporary hold on first place, but they will have to turn over the top rung to the winner of the match between the Phi Delta Theta and the Theta Chi teams. The Phi Sigs have a record of nine wins and six losses, and the Phi Delts and the Theta Chi’s both have a record of eight and four. If either of the two teams rolling off can take all three games, then they will be well out in front of the “B” bracket. Otherwise the team that takes two out of three will have a slight one game lead, and the other team will wind up in a tie for second place with the Phi
Sigs.
With the exception of the SAE team in the “A” bracket, no one team has managed to turn their laegue into a runaway. In previous years, the team that finished on top the league usually had a healthy lead over the rest.
Gold Anct Black Tournament Enters t Final Stanzas; Five Teams Unbeaten
IM Schedules
ALL CAMPUS BOWLING Bowl at 6:30— Alpha Chi Rho vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Pi Kappa Phi vs. Kappa Sigma. Theta Chi vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Phi Delta Theta vs. Acacia, feigma Nu vs. Triangle, Bowl at 8:45— ^Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. • Delta Upsilon vsi Phi Kappa Alpha. Delta Tau Delta vs. Beta Theta PiPhi Gamma Delta vs. Cary .Hall South. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Tau.
Gold and Black’s intramural competition is entering the final stretch with a torrid outcome certain before hostilities end. Several undefeated squads are due to clash in encounters this week and the winners will gain admission to the select eight-
' team group which will com-
6 Phi K.ppa faa V3. Phi Dalta P™e, the play-off pairings. Tjjgta Friday, the S. P. E.’s, With 7 Alpha Chi l^ho Vs. Phi Kappa 5 wins against no defeats, will Sigma. clash with the Theta Clhi’s, al8 Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Pi Kappa gQ undefeated, to determine . , _ which of the teams will cinch the Delta Chi vs. Delta Tau Delta, ^ight to advance to the final round. Kappa Sigma vs. Kappa Delta Another unmarred record will fall
. Monday when the Kappa Sigs and
Acacia vs. Phi Kappa Psi. are scheduled to settle
Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Alpha differences.
9
10
13 15 16 17
The following Ward softball games will be played Wednesday evening: Diamond 4 Ward 1 vs. Ward 2. 6 Ward 4 vs. Ward 21. These games are the first round of play-off games. Please make sure that your, games are played as scheduled. There will be a second round of softball for the Wards as soon as the finals are played in the present schedule. All Wards Wishing to participate in the second round please notify the Intramural Office by the last of the week. Any Ward that did not take part in the first schedule may get in on the second schedule.
Mu.
Sigma Pi vs. Alpha Gamma
Rho.
Delta Upsilon vs. Theta Xi. Triangle vs. Sigma Chi. Beta Sigma Psi vs. Theta Chi. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. The-
ta Tau.
Assured of Berth
Practically assured of a plase in the final playoff by virtue of their impressive records are the Phi Gams, the D. U.’s, the Phi Kappa Tap’s, and Alpha Gamma Rho. Several of the teams thus assured uf a playoff position, notably
The following Gold and Black the B. U.’s, have won most or all games'will be played Wednesday of their games largely through the evening, July 8; generosity of their opponents, who 6:30— fail to appear at game time with Field the required amount of players. 1 Triangle vs. Alpha Gamma The D. U.’s dropped their only two
4
7:00Field
1
Rho. Referee: Boughan. Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Alpha Chi Rho. Referee: Soderling. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Referee: Anderson, Sigma Chi vs. Theta Chi. Ref-
eree: Marozick.
Advaiice Sale Of Grid Tickets Continues Off to a flying start as the result
of a highly successful local campaign conducted by the Lafayette Junior Chamber of Commerce, the advance sale of season tickets for the Boilermaker home football games this fall has been launched on a mail order basis at the Boiler-
make ticket office.
The mail order sale of the season tickets for home games, which are priced at $9.00, including tax, will be continued up to and including Saturday, Sept. 12, two, weeks be-' fore the opener with Fordham’s Sugar Bowl champions on Sept. 26, according to an announcement from C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales and assistant athletic director. Doan also pointed out that the mail order sale of tickets for individual games on the Boilermakers’ “ten-star” schedule for this fall will be launched about July 15 when some 15,000 ticket application blanks will be placed in the mails to prospective
purchasers.
Members of the Junior Chamber of Commerce, whose intensive local drive provided a springboard for the opening of the mail order sale, were the guests of the Riveter athletic department at a dinner meeting at the Lafayette Country Club on Monday evening celebrating the successful conclusion of the local
campaign.
Reat Admiral White ... of the USNR Medical Corps yisited the Naval Training School at the University Thursday afternoon on a routine inspection tour. He was accompanied by Lieut. C. ,P. Dean, Hospital Corps, USNR,
from Washington, D. C.
The following Cary Hall horseshoe games will be played Thurs-
day evening, July 9:
Cary Hall 1 vs, Cary Hall 4. Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 7. Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Halid.
Kappa Delta Rho vs. Beta Theta Pi. Referee: Boughan. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Referee: Soderling.
games played, but forfeits have boosted their winnings to four against the two initial losses. The Betas have also copped two of their three victories through the 'forfeit method, actually pnly winning one
while losing two.
The standings at the present writ-
ing are as follows: Team W
Signia Phi Epsilon....5 Phi Kappa Tau 4 Kappa Sigma ....4 Theta Chi 3
Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Nfi. Phi Delta Theta.-.....3 Referee: Anderson. Phi Gamma Delta..:.5 Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Kappa Alpha Gamma Rho....4 Lambda. Referee: Marozick. Sigma Alpha Eps 2
Delta Upsilon 4
The following Cary Hall softball games will be played Friday evening, July 10: Diamond 13 Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 6. 14 Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 7. 15 Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 5.
Triton Mixed
Will Hold Swimming
L
Pet.
0
1.0(30
0
1.000
0
1.000
0
T.OflO
0
1.000
1
.833
1
.800
1
.666
2
.666
The following fraternities will play softball Thursday evening, July 9: ' Diamond 1 Phi Kappa vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 2 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Beta Theta Pi. 3 Alpha Sigma Pi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. ■ 4 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 5 Phi Gamma Delta vs. Pi Kappa Alpha.
Phi Delfs Remain On Top In Softball Race; TKE's Second
Triton Club, women’s swmming honorary, will hold a mixed swimming party tomorrow evening at 7:30 in the pool at the Women’s Gym. Each, Triton member may bring one other person. Dolphin
club members are invited.
At the business meeting Wedhes- Standings in the Intramural Softday, the following girls were ball Tournament, when this, edition pledged to the club: Lois Clark, went to press, showed no change Dorothy Heckard, Loretta Rath- from last week due to the Thursday
holiday lay-off. The undefeated Phi Delts are still in complete charge of the initial rung with the nearest contender, Tau Kappa Epsilon, one-
half game behind.
Eight scheduled games are remaining in the tournament and several squads are putting in strong
man, Beth Schaupp and Honore M.
von Harz.
J- . • '
Howard L Pergo ... USNR medical officer has been placed in charge of the sick bay re-
cently established in Cary Hall An- for^iTe^fi^st-fiveKonoi^! Amon|
those making it a hot chase are the
' : Phi Kappas and the ATO’s.
Games scheduled for June 25, which were postponed because of poor weather, may be re-scheduled
at a later date.
The standings as of last night are as follows: -
W. L. Pet.
Phi Delta Theta...... 9 0 1.000 Tau Kappa Epsilon.... 9 1 .900 Alpha Tau Omega...... 8 1 .889 Phi Kappa 8 2 .800 Sigma Pi .\. 7 2 .778 Sigma Chi 7 2 .778 Sigma Alpha Mu... 7 2 .778 Sigma Phi Epsilon.... 7 3 .700 Phi Kappa Tau 7 3 ,700
HELLO!
HELLO!
FOLKS! CLEANING saves the wear and tear on your best clothes. Our work is the best, andi our prices are reasonable!
If You Want to Reach These Purdue Eds and Coeds Advertise in the EXPONENT
Fine Quality—'■Low Prices—-Spells:
Northwestern and Vine Sts.
Phone 4081
First Round Of Ward Softball Playoffs Begin Five rescheduled games were played off one week ago to complete the first round of the I. M. ward softball tournament. Playoffs for the ward championship begin tonight with Ward 1 meeting Ward 2 on diamond 4 and Ward 4 meeting Ward 21
on diamond 5.
As soon as this round of playoff games is cornpleted, a second round will get underway, ^— — .. ' —- according to the I. M. office, ^re competing in play-offs which'be-
Ward managers are asked to tonight,
notify the office whether their Tennis Doubles Finals Held teams will continue in the tourney The finals of the Ward doubles or not before the end of this week, tennis tourney, which began a few Any ward that did not take part weeks ago, were played off recently, in the first schedule may get in Pn Ward 29’s combination beat Ward the second round. 26 to take the tournament. Ward 29 At the end of the first round, beat 22 and Ward 25 beat 27 a week Wards 1 and 4 finished at the top ago last night to get into the final
of the standings with 5 wins and 1 playoff.
loss each. Wards 2, 21, 25 and 27 The Ward singles competition, ended in a four-way tie for the sec- which began feebly a week ago, was ond spot, each having won four and resumed last night when six relosing^ two. All six of these teams scheduled matches were played off.
DANCE Return Engagement BUD RODERICK and His Orchestra Now playing every nite and every Sunday and Holiday afternoon. POPULAR PRICES
SPECIAL DANCES Saturday, July 4th, afternoon and evening, regular Sat. prices.
-K -K -K -K -k -k -k -k -k -k -k -k . -k -k -k ■k -k . -k. -k -k -k
SWIM Beach open 10 a. m. to 12 midnight, well lisJhted. MODERN BATH HOUSE 20c includes use of bath house, towel, adm. to beach, and checking clothes, (tax paid) TOBOGGANS 25c Vz hour
SKATING Every Afternoon and Evening
OMPLETE sui
Picnics invited, free tables, shady lakeside picnic grounds Always free adm. and free parking.
Scoville, Ford Offer Tennis, Golf Lessons Instruction will be provided for beginners at the golf and tennis recreational hours on Wednesday afternoon. Mary Scoville will meet the golfers on the 3 hole course from 1 to 3 p. m., and Barbara Ford will coach the tennis players at the tennis courts from 3 to 5 p. m. Recreational golf and tennis are open to both men and women. Dr. Binder Writes Magazine Article Dr. R. C. Binder, associate professor of mechanical engineering and fluid mechanics. School of Mechanical Engineering, wrote an article entitled “Direct Determination of Coefficients for Flow Meters,” which appears in the June, 1942, issue of Instruments. In the article he gives as an example a chart for direct determination of the flow coefficient for orifice meters in (5 inch pipe.. .
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
DR. PAUL A. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK — OiNTISTS — 400-404 Schuitl 4th and Main Sta. LafayetteLigutti Addresses Wea/t/i Service
fkind leadership fraiiiintSthool
(Continued from page 1)
'PEM 12, has given the Health Service moie headaches than any othei single course on the pampus. PEM 12’erS keep the office jammed a'j they wait foi treatment due to injuiies, excuses foi absences and
exemptions
Miller Well Qualified
Attendance at the chemical wai-
Monsignor Ligutti, of Des J^oines, executive secietary of the National Catholic rural life oiganization, spoke last night befoie the foui-
teenth annual Ruial Leadership faie school at Edgewatei, Maiy School on “The Deeper Values of land, has qualified Di Miller to Hural Life” The school, which make lectuies and demonstrations opened Monday, has for its puipose on fiist aid and to tieat injuries the tiaining of rural leaders, espe- to students of the civilian defense cially lural ministeis school at the Univeisity Pai,t of Yesteiday morning Di Laurence tke demonstration regarding mus Hadley, of the mathematics depait- taid gas is the souvenii appliance ment, spoke at morning devotions of ^ very small poition of mustaid on the cultivation of “Dynamic lowei aim by Di Millei Calm” along with Pi of. J R Leevy, each student in the cla«s assistant professoi of socialogy, and jS^jvanced Military Examinations Dr E L Butz Examining of advanced militaiy
students is expected to take up
Closing the morning session, , . ,, ,,, , . T , J.1 much of the Health Office s time Monsignoi Ligutti spoke on the ie-_ .,..1 i , , , . : , , The quota noi students taking ad-
lationship of property and personal ^
^ vanced militaiy was incieased 25
last yeai and it is not unlikely that this yeai’s quota will be further in-
ci eased
Composing the Health Seiyice staff aie thiee doctois. Dr. Millei, Dr Schiedicke and Di Rose, a lab-
bvmg to the land.
Students Entertain
After lunch Dr B H Cam of the United Brethren Church spoke on “Today’s Challenges to the Chuich” Eollowmg the afternoon piogiam a
group of Umveisity students led the technician, two full time delegation m a “Cooperative Play two full time office giils Party” NYA students
The piogiam will continue today with morning devotions and lectuies on social problems followed by a lecture on "Rural Youth” by Dr L S Robeitson and a talk by Monsignor
Ligutti
V
V-iO-bJ/b
'' O. SOC-LOV/
Diouinfit fiicisioi! (4 Information, 0 it\Mr$ ^Yan'P^ter'tS'vtearing tiSffamily heirloom tonight *'
Meeting Tonight Open
Di A H Rapking will speak at the afternoon session and a panel
Debris Editorial Staff Sponsors Snapshot Contest
The
By Bill Simpson Debris’ new snapshot con-
Southernaires
discussion will covei “The Needs test, just announced by the Debris of Ruial Women” Monsignor Li- editorial staff will begin today Two gutti will addiess the gioup for the prizes of $3 each will be awaided at last time at the convocation this the end of July and August to the evening, which is open to the public, winning snapshot artists of the
campus m an effoit to stimulate student interest thioughout the summer m the ’42 yearbook and to afford the editorial boaid a choice
(Continued from page 1) „ n. - ^ of excellent informal shots for use
ceived by the gioup It is said that annual’s feature sections, their particulai type of singing .
makes people want to write letters
unburdeninc: then troubles . 4? j.i / y.
^ put some leatheis m their caps (if
Six feet tall and weighing two "jji of keys on their chains) for himdied pounds, bass William Ed- besides receiving the cash prizes, monson is a veteian of the stage they will have a chance to have then and screen. He has sung m sev- pictures m a special featuie m the eral musical comedies and has ap- Decembei Debris. The contest is peaied as star m thiee Negro mo- especially timely since during the tion pictuies summer months photogiaphy will Started As Boy Soprano interesting hobby for all the
„ participants, even though they aie
Edmonson did his first singing at
among the winners.
the age of seven as a boy soprano
with the choir of All Saints Cathedlal m Spokane, Washington He plaved football and baseball at Spokane College, and organized the
college’s first glee club
Every month prizes will be given for the best picture, for the most scenic picture, and for the best picture of student life This latter prize Will cover a multitude of sms, the beauty minded of the Debris staff
Accompanist Spencer Odom, re- fbmk or hope cently with “The Vagabonds”, han- p,rst Entries Due July 17
dies arranging and coaching duties "pbg contest will be judged by f-oi the ensemble He gave his first lepiesentatives from the editorial, piano concert at the age of thirteen, photography and business staffs, and since has composed a number ^nd all entries must be submitted of songs and musical scores besides by the 17th of each month Any acting as accompanist and an anger puze winner who has aheady purfoi a number of soloists and vocal chased a Debris will leceive a legroups fund on his book plus the $3 awaid Reception To Follow Concert Remember, there is no limit to
_ , „ , „ the number of snapshots you can
The program Friday will be foi-
ffiwed by a reception m the West fallows (1) Anyone is eligible ^1. e^nge o t e Union to contest except juniors and which the public IS invited D^^ris (2) Any numAdmission to the convocation may per of pictures may be submitted be obtained by student passport or by any one person (3) Prizes will season ticket Doors will open at be awarded at the end of June and 6 45, and tickets will be on sale at August (4) All entries must be subthe doors of the Music Hall for mitted by the 17th of each month
|1 00 plus tax
Omicron Nu Sponsors Foods Poster Contest “Nutrition In Defense” is the subject of the poster contest which
(5) Entries must be accompanied by name and addiess of each entrant written m good English on the back of each photo (6) An entry box will be placed at the West Desk of the Union and m the Debris workshop (7) All photos must be glossy piints not less than 314 x 4t4 inches and not more than 4x6 inches m size (8) Subject and di-
Omicion Nu, home economics hon- vision to be entered should be wiitonaiy organization is sponsoring ten on the back of each entry. Any freshman i- the University IS eligible to submit a poster to com-
pete foi prizes of 50, 00, and 50c Those taking Applied Design couises may enter the contest as a project in their regular.course All posters, which must be on 14 in by 19 m postei boai d, should be give to Miss Baud m the Applied Design Building on or before July 23 They will be judged on originality, neatness, suitability to purpose, etc. Decisions of the judges, who will be announced later, will be final At the conclusion of the contest the posters will be used by the Physical Fitness Committee of the Student War Council for campus display On the commrttee in charge of the contest are Calista Creel, chairman, and Dorothy Arvidson and
Roberta Kessler
Ag Experiment Station Aids Victory Garden Planning In State By Charlotte Hass Having as its goal “a victory garden for every farm”, the Agricultural Experiment Service has received one hundred per cent pai ticipation from the 187,000 farmers of the state and latest figures show 187,000 “Victory Gardens” in In-
diana
As part of an extremely wellplanned program, the Agricultural Experiment Station with the cooperation of the biology and home economics extension departments has formed the nucleus for the state garden products division of the “Food ^01 Fieedom” drive Cooperating with this central agency are county agents in each of the 02 cou'hties, special county committees, eighteen radio stations over the state and numerous community groups who have taken an individual interest in the “Victory Gar-
dens”
Aim Is Food for a Year The principal nope of the program, as explained by enthusiastic publicity chairman for the “Food for Fieedorji” campaign, G M Sample, is that every fai m family will grow and can enough vege tables to last a year To help estimate correct amounts of food for each person. Sample has issued approximately 25 different bulletins which he has sent out to county agents who in turn distribute them to the farmers These leaflets give facts on such important topics as when to plant vaiious foods, how and under what conditions these plants will best survive, and fundamentals in higher yields for the crops Other means of getting this vital information to the Hoosiei crop growers are magazine ai ticks newspapei stones and laiho talks In connection with the radio cam paign—Sample presents weekly broadcasts ovei WB4A to CapIuii fuither what should be accom plished dining the next seven days on Hoosier farms The one hunched pei cent participation of Hoosicr soil tillers icpic-
sents a ten per cent increase over the number of gardens last year and is especially important at this time because of the mriltiplied demands for foodstuffs which must be supplied to our home markets, the armed forces and our allies Consequently, moie food produced in family gardens means a lessening in the burden on home markets for canned goods which are needed in other phases of national defense It is predicted that these “Victory Garden” foods will serve in a health building capacity, for health authorities state that fresh garden foods contain several vitamins which aio lost in the process of canning It was also pointed out by Sample that home grown foods are the cheapest moans of obtaining an adequate diet Foods puked, cooked and eaten or canned in a period of twenty four hours coiitr n more nutritive value than oldii foods Over the st rto theie can be scon sir h typical posters as “We are producing vegetables for Victory”, and “This farm will grow green crops for the armed force-,” Those signify that fanners of Indiana arc doing then part for national de-
fense
When the war first broke out, it was evident that moie food would lie needed, and as Sample proudly says, “we are doing our best by having good gardens and using them eoiicctly This seems to be the logical answer to the national problem of ‘Food lor Victory’ ”
Fall Grads To Meet Firm Representatives In Personnel Offices On behalf of the seniors, the Personnel Office has contacted a number of industrial concerns in an endeavor to learn what plans they have made in regard to visiting the campus for the purpose of interviewing graduates for einployinent At the present time, the inteicst IS centered on August graduates Since the nuinbor is small, some of the companies have decided not to come bit have requested that interested students complete qualification blanks and return them lor consideration Interviews Thi, Week However, Mr Vogler, Director of Personnel, has announced that the following companies have expressed a desire to v’sit the University to interview August graduates if the number inteiested is sufficient to warrant such visit Atchison, Topeka, Santa Fe Railroad, July 8, Eastman Kodak Company, July 8, Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, July 8, Stewart-Warner Corporation, July 10, Delco-Remy Division of GMC, July 11, CarnegieIlhnois Steel Company, July 15, Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company,
July 17
December graduates will be given an opportunity at a later date to have interviews with company refiresentatives, but any August graduates who are interested in the above - named companies should avail themselves of the opportunity to make contacts with the company representatives Further information regarding these visits may be obtained at the Peisonnel Office \ppointmeirts Must Be Kept The usual proceduie of scheduling interviews, as outlined to seniors, will he followed, and emphasis will be laid on the tact that any student who receives a caul to sign up for an interview and fails to do so, will be deprived of further interviews until such delinquency has been satisJ rctor ily explained
. . cast and crew will ifieet at 4 10 fomorrow afternoon at Fowler Hall for a regular Playshop picnic
at Columbian Park
Notices
Cnmcra Club Thoe will bo a Btwljo at tlt( Hj?ular meeting riiui^clay July V in lootn Jd-l in the XJn;on OstiaiulLi will pofrf '' lURMAN InVrfr'ilernity Prtsidcnf s Council* There will Ul a cinncr nutting o Tt the Dcltu Chi house —RIDIdR
Chemistry 2T Kcvi July 8 at 4 ocloik ii
V class Widnosdny, i(om 221 ^nLVlNG
Reservists All nixie students 'who have not yet tompUtt-d the two ycaib basic mil it'lly Truninr i quiicd foi ^riduTtion and qu now iTumbcrs of the Navil oi Maiine Corps R KrvL rcnoil to lh< Adjulxnt'^ otTice Purdue Aimoiy foi impoitant infor-
mation iclitixc to your stalU'.
-mORDAN
Chemical rnffmeera All those <lp lunis of mcmbtislip in the AlChJ ind ill 1hos< desirous oi a subscription ti the Ofum and Met maj^a/iTK shtuld to to the main offuc of the school this wttk
-MURRILL
Debris Salesmen Debris business mcetin ill iisdav July 2 has lx cn cane Ilcd Ihiic will b( in important meeting ot the bnsinfss sti'f Thiusday Julv it 4 p m in tht offuc Met 'VUGHIIN Gimlet Pledges IIivc initiation fees to me betoic July 10
^MERRILL
WAA Tennis Tournament Ih follow mr matches should bo placed ofT bv Wednesday Jujy 8 Pic ise airin^e your own m ilcheb and locoid scoics la the eym J Shn u vb R I cMn M Whitch nd \s 13 VanCxmp J Hammxr \s B Ircilind r (icoigc V M It Cihlwoll T I luci ''•s P Miei-s L Welsh \s G Ridgeway K Kiamcr H Iliwaith P Mmphv vs fe Johnson A TcnmU Y'i M Buikhardt M Herd \s G Wiley M E Sutton vs D Smith M A ImiuII \s 1 Rohtrson 1 Pul \b T BUril M Have \s R I le eh I G Mai tin is M fecho 1 anil M Ktpnci \s J Noielcen
~ SCHUBER
Gimlet Club—tmpertmt dinner meelinp: ''t Su m i Nu I us( W Inc d iv Ti \ 8 t J 30 p m All activities and pledges try to eomt L Kivbl-rK War Cnunc I Then will lie in impor ant mi tin„ ‘Wedniselij J dv 8 in Ih Ui i< n tfne^ -DEUSIIR
Rolif*-i(ius Couiuil lh(
of tm Puidui Kdij ions Council will bo neld Wednesdu I ilv 8 at 7 d) p m m the
Gumtil olPcL Horn 110 u’
liii liliiu -KlIGOliC Phi Inmlda Upuhin Kimli initntion will hi hild it 1 iO p ni Suiiduy liily 11 All pIcilK ^ I I ml t ) I cm nil «l I lo ( lioin isiry IBialdinK Shat ol mstuiclions foP 7>ledKeS shi uUl he ciiofull> re read ihoud
of time
-PICHA
s'enhbarj aid Blade M tlms Wedn ai,ny Tilly S 111 r (Ml 04 ol Union Biiildini>- at ' U) p ni SliiiiKl s will I) Pa^al "Vt Inilutun ilins ind 'f, ‘ n cusfacd Studtrt Sen tc VI (tni( W dnrsdav Inly g at I 0 p rn m Sr i it( OHuc jN Cl i
Chinese Studenis Matin (1 u p in in loom (l I (
1 riiluy Union I IA^G
Inly
Seniors StiiKi w lu I i/l i it an Ifi'-ir Debus putts IS schedukd till m ly do so Ihnrsd \ 7iil\ ‘I 1 the lit I ly pro ill Millie howri WIbKL lUivsua) r Iness Cominittee Pin due Il^bn il Illness Liinmiltee ineitinR limn 1 y Inly it 10 1 ni in r iirii dIH of Ih. Unmn -'SI ELPB.t Pnrdiie I iiffii eer hmoitant mtetmK for till iitmli.M ind w J it Is Tiiday nitein en July 10 it 1 011 < cliilt m the flTiee YOUNrBI OOlJ T 11 Bell Pi llie f ilniiis'- nun who aie to help w illi the ml ivuws will leporl to 1 ni lot if ih Uni.n It I 15 p ni W.d msdij July g I i in im| iiUinl meeting Ai-u ti mi 1 ill Bill la B nh im Boiighan ( iirry Den 1 i II ih.it Ku rn. i I ebti VI. D mil Mill M mil S.IiUliol S irarue VII oil Will Whin. YOUNGBLOOD
Ann Ostrander will pose foi poiti.its at rlie Camel a Club mciting tomorrow at 7 30 in room “d o( the Union Dm ing the meeting thcie will be a dis eiission of melhods ol taking poi tiait piefriies
Remember! YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME'AT WALGREEN’S • QUALITY FOOD • REASONABLE PRICES • FRIENDLY SERVlCaS . • DRUG STORES 410 Main Street
Classified Ads
TipcMrifers A Idine, Mi I in s ill m ikca s 1 1 renled 1 ure 1 ir d i in e li i e d Mime oei u h \ ik d( ml J 1 bershofl 00 j Mam 1 ifii t Pnon Z 9 Montj to loan on di ime m’ u itehtb guns h }. i U \ 1 ic s \lb( 1L s J an Olfiee 101 Co Limbi i \ n il Officers it I msr>r ity uFcd fur I 1 h d 1 rn i i ai tm i t unt 1 p m 1 i ( r 1 n^tr 11 i w i ii M uis J t k.. m h If A il il VV C ary IF ill T 0 1—A ell( e ) UU xy 3 icke I ui EE hldi, cm I hs 10 1 Lost C Id W ill h mi vs nsl 1 if eh oilmans t n.j rl S it rd vy iVeie B b llalUy r 1 w 11 I 1 )i Rent A] H n t t din ii Tu \ ml \ I I 3 i n tl ) i\ 1 I lUi Vi m pi 1 Iv tui ni Ik i I lu ru t iW J oM—Wl 1 pil ir n Ur 1 in J 1 id ij
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
Hays Jewelry Co.
Our Prices Are Frozen, but Our Quality MEVER! We are constantly striving lo improve our
QUALITY, to give our customer llic beiicfil of
any improvements.
Crown Laundry
I^JicELiBRATE OBB MPEPEBBEBCE hy Fighting To Keep It [ Buy War Bonds end Siemps for Victory