©he PurjClut TSxaanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10,1937
Canners To End Session
With Banquet
Tenth Annual Canners’ Convention Closes To-
night
Tomato growers and canners from all over the state attended the opening session of the tenth annual canners conference yesterday. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president, and Roscoe Fraser of the staff spoke before yesterday’s session, J. E. Dickerson, state and federal inspector, discussed picking schools and a state-wide picking contest. Frank C, Gaylord spoke on what the canned tomato survey had shown about Indiana quality. At today’s session the raw products conference will continue with a meeting in the Horticulture Building for vegetable growers and fieldmen as well as canners. The Annual Sons of the Soil dinner which will be held tonight in the Memorial Union ball room will bring the conference to a close. Medals will be presented to farmers having prominent records on the production of high quality vegetable crops during the past year and outstanding tomato growers.
Explosion Kills Student^s Father
Williard B. Boothby, of 204 Marstellar Street, left for his home in Woodbury, New Jersey, last Friday night when he received a telegram informing him of his father’s accident. The accident occured when part of a Dupont factory near Woodbury exploded. Boothby left immediately but arrive^ too late in Woodbury to see his father. The body was taken to Maine for burial yesterday. Later in the week the family will return to Woodbury, while Williard will return to the University next Sunday or Monday.
Dean Matthews Speaks
Dean Mary L. Matthews, of the home economics school, was the guest speaker at a meeting of the Agapai Club on Monday at the home of Mrs. Thomas Rees. Dean Matthews discussed the aims and activities of the Women’s Federation.
U
30
ff
By Hugh Morris
February 10, 1937 POSTOFPICE officials of Armont, N. Y., announced last night that if the person who mailed a package of fresh skunk skins will call, the postmaster will be glad to relinquish it. “That package is definitely not going through the mails,” said Postmaster Kaiser, “and as it is, the clerks are having a pretty tough time going through the mails in the same building” . . • —30— AND of all the crazy things to happen'. . . a nurse had the tip of her nose bitten off by a patient. . . it seems that Miss DeFrane, the nurse, was applying a solution to the wounds of a miner whose leg had been amputated a few hours earlier after it had been crushed in a mine accident. . . —30— HERE’S a tip for all of you students who have some money salted away somewhere ... better go home and look at it closely .. . the Lafayette police were informed by the United States Secret Service that counterfeit $5 and $10 silver certificates of the 1934 'series are being circulated in Lafayette and West Lafayette . . . and they’re hard to detect! —30— STILL contributions are coming in, suggesting various ways of killing the germs that “would be spread by kissing,” according to the co-ed ipstigators of the kissing strike at Iowa ... the latest suggests that maybe if you kiss enough, the high jfrequepcy osculations will have a sterilizing effect. .. —30— VERY little has been said lately about the possibility of having a Junior Prom “Queen” this year . . . but from all reports, the idea is dying a slow death . . . this is a good thing, if the juniors don’t let it fall through . . .
Sorority Women Plan Annual Ball As Season Featured
Greek letter women students will hold their annual Women’s PanHellenic Ball in the Union ballroom, Friday evening, February 26. Arrangements for the dance, which is formal,^ are in charg^ of Mary Jean Light, assisted by Virginia Richards and Mary Gene Jarrett. The tickets are priced at $2 a couple, the increased cost will enable the committee to engage a better orchestra than has formerly been obtained. Tickets will go on sale at all the sororities and at the Union desk the end of this week. The name of the orchestra which will play will be announced at a later date.
Perfect Men Needed Here
Manly Chests, Hafiry Chests, Brutes Come And Win A Medal
All would-be Goliath’s, Samson’s Atlas’, and King Kongs take notice. Details are now out concerning the Perfect Man Contest to be featured at this year’s Intramural Carnival, Thursday, February 25. 1. Each contestant will be masked. 2. Any student with a superior physique may enter. 3. Each contestant will pose for 5 seconds. 4. Wearing apparel will be supplied by the department or furnished by the contestant. 5. All contestants must report to ’“Chief” Clevett for rehearsal, Tuesday, February 23 at 7:00 p. m. 6. The winner and runner-up will be required to pose a second time. There will be three judges, one of whom will be a co-ed, (lucky girl,) so start working on your most favorable pose now. Try practicing before a mirror, and if you are still convinced that your physique is a masterpiece, come forth and give the world a break. Any apparatus may be used. Weights, chains, or sledges, anything to show off to your best advantage. Rewards will be given to those possessing the most perfect bodies. A figure trophy and a medal goes to the first place winner, a silver medal to the second, and a bronze medal to the third.
Band Selects
New Officers
Appointments of commissioned and non-commissioned officers for the second semester were made last night according to an announcement made by Prof. P. S. Emrick, director of the musical unit. F. B. Wilson of Richmond, Ind., a senior in the school of mechanical engineering, was named Brevet Captain to head the band. The following appointments of officers were made: Commissioned Officers First Lt. Ass’t Dir., Concert Meister, D. C. Parsons; 1st Lt., Detail Officer, P. E. Flebbe; Bvt. 1st Lt., Publicity Officer, O. W. Miller; Bvt. 1st Lt., Technical Officer, K. B. McEachron; 2nd Lt., Band Librarian; C. G. Bigelow; 2nd Lt., Principal Drum Major, C. M. Jorgeson; 2nd Lt., Personnel Officer, C. A. Reichelderfer; 2nd Lt., Military Officer, R. D. Birge; Bvt. 2nd Lt., Supply Officer, W. H. Deitch; Bvt. 2nd Lt., Ass’t Military Officer, C. E. McCullough. Non-Commissioned Officers Master Sgt., in Charge of Regimental Bands, B. L. Legg; Master Sgt., and Ass’t Technical Officer, H. Strang; 1st Sgt., in Charge of all Details, F. C. Baase; Staff Sgt., Ass’t to Publicity Officer, W. H. Smith; Sgt. in Charge of Equipment Detail, R. P. Anthes;'^Sgt. in Charge of Chair and Rack Detail, C. E. Dixon; Sgt., of Quarters Detail, C. J. Camp; Sgt of Music Detail, R. N. Housekeeper; Cpl., Ass’t to Supply Officer, J. 0. Ballard; Cpl., Ass’t to Band Adjutant, R. C. Ulm; Lance Cpl., of Equipment Detail, D.' E. Hartley, J. P. Reed, J. R. Wood. Cpls., L. T. Hilberg, C. A. Heidbreder, P. E. Irick, and C. E. Widell; Trumpeters, R. C. Hill, R. B. Newhouse, P. E. Harris, and E. L. Armstrong.
Wheeler Appointed To Board Of Trustees
Purdue Grad Of 1916 Returns To Fill
Position Vacated By Kimbrough
John W. Wheeler, of Crown Point, a graduate in civil engineering in 1916, was appointed to the board of trustees of the University yesterday by Governor M. Clifford Townsend to succeed J. L. Kimbrough, of Muncie, who resigned from the board last week because of illness.
Wheeler is at the present
employed as an assistant to the vice president of the Burlington railroad. He has charge of all grade crossing eliminations and relations bewteen the railroad and all highway departments. He resigned from the state highway commission on January 15 to accept his present position. Campus Leader While a student, he was an active leader on the campus, being a member of the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity and a member of the football squad for three years. He was also president of the Purdue Athletic Association and a member of Iron Key, senior men’s honorary. During the world war, Wheeler served 22 months in the Ninth Mounted Engineers and at the close of the war held the rank of Captain. After the war he was employed by the Portland Cement Company for
several years. He then went into the contracting business for himself specializing in highway and bridge construction work. He received an advanced degree in civil engineering in 1923. Member Planning Board In 1933 Wheeler was appointed to the state highway commission by Governor Paul V. McNutt. He still is a member of the state planning board being chairman of board. He is a member of the American Society of Civil Engineers and just retired a short time ago as president of the Indiana Section. He has been toastmaster at several banquets held on the campus in the last few years and recently acted as toastmaster at the banquet for the grid squad in Indianapolis last fall. He is one of the leading figures in highway construction and maintenance in Indiana. Wheeler’s office is located in Chicago and he resides in Crown Point
with his family.
Prom, Gala Week
Petitions May Be Obtained Today
Petition blanks for the declaration of candidacy for the Junior Prom and 'Gala Week committees may be obtained at the Student Senate office jn the Memorial Union Building from 12 to 1 o’clock and from 4 to 6 o’clock today, Dick Craig, chairman of the Senate elections committee, announced last night. The petitions may also be gotten at the office tomorrow and Friday at the same times and Saturday afternoon from 1 to 4 o’clock, but no later. Petitions must be called for by each student desiring to run for either committee, Craig said. Each blank must be signed by 25 of the candidate’s classmates and returned to the Senate office by 6 p. m. next Wednesday. Elections rules and more details concerning the petitions will be published later in the Exponent.
NUMBEB'k
Fifth Concert Of ConvoYear
Monday Night
Vladimir Golschmann To Direct St. Lonis Symphony
Corps Day Awards Made
Fourth P. F. A. Wins
High Regiment Rating
Dr. H.N. Holmes To
Talk On Vitamin A
Dr. Harry N. Holmes, chairman of the chemistry department of Oberlin College and a graduate of Johns Hopkins University will address the American Chemical Society at the University at 7:30 tomorrow night on “Vi,tamin ‘A’ And Carotene.” Dr. Holmes’ extensive work in colloidal chemistry has contributed largely to his progress in vitamin and pigment research. The meeting will be preceded by a dinner in the Memorial Union Building at 6 o’clock in honor of the speaker.
Alpha Xi Delta
Alpha Xi Delta announces the pledging of Helen Conver of Kewanee, Illinois, and Mildred Whitesell of Lafayette.
Sorority 6ff ers $500 Scholarships
Applications are now in order for the three $500 graduate fellowships offered annually by 'Kappa Kappa Gamma. The awards are open to any women, regardless of fraternity connections who have or will have a degree by July 1 in any one of the 72 universities at which Kappa chapters are located.
Selection o± the winners is based on scholarship, leadership, and a definitely planned purpose in graduate study. It is given usually in the fields of science, art, and human relations. Application blanks may be obtained at any time from the office of the dean of women.
Lehigh University chemistry students break more than 14,000 test tubes every year.
Canners Leave ‘‘Perty, Pale, Pink” Tomatoes To Inspect Pony Chorus
Dick “BOB BURNS” Craig Says
Yes, sir—It’s a funny thing. I was awalkin’ around the Union Building yesterday afternoon and I happened to stray into the ballroom. And, well, I’m just here to tell you that I saw more tomatoes in one look than I’ve ever seen before in all my life. There was rows and rows of tables and on these here tables was a bunch of little wooden, sorta tray-like, businesses in which all these purty pale pink tomatoes was a-lounging in. But there wasn’t anybody a-looking at ’em and I stood wonderin’ what was the trouble. ‘N by ’n by the patter of tiny feet, and the tinkle of a piany sorta sifted thru my head. So I edged up to the croiyd and looked thru and all of a sudden—^like a bolt of Arkansas lighiening—^I knew why the por little tomatoes was bein’ neglected. They was a bunch of awful pretty girls all dressed up in different kinds of very little stuff-
The fourth Purdue Field Artillery won the highest regimental rating for the competitive period ending January 14. The commander of the fourth P. F. A. is Cadet Col onel J. R. Wergin. The winning bat talion for the same period is the second battalion of the fourth P. F. A. with Cadet Lt. Colonel F. G. Wahl commanding. The headquarters battery of the third P. F. A., Cadet Captain N. J. Pultz commanding, is entitled to carry the Efficiency Pennant during the next period in recognition of the battery having won the highest battery rating. The members of this battery are entitled to wear a gold efficiency stripe for the remainder of their service in the Corps. Streamer For 3rd P. P. A. The third P. F. A., commanded by Cadet Colonel D. N. Wait, is entitled to carry a red streamer during the next competitive period because one of its batteries won the efficiency award.
Music Room To Give
Opera ‘Aida’ In 3 Hour Program
Verdi’s opera, “Aida,” complete in four acts, will be presented on a special phonograph program in the music room of the Union Building this afternoon from 4 till 7 p. m. The records to be used are those made by the LaScala Opera Company of Milan. If this presentation is well received, the music room plans to give similar programs at intervals throughout the year in addition to the regular daily programs.
E. E. Grad Publishes
Magazine Article
F. S. Douglas, electrical engineering ^aduate of 1914, has an article published in a recent issue of Electrical World, which deals with increasing the load capacity of power systems. Douglas qualifies as an authority on this subject by his present work as chief electrical engineer for the Utilities Power and Light Operating Corporation of Chicago.
and they was just a dancin’ like mad. Tomatoes Forgotten It seems as though that these here fellows come to Purdue to have sorta like a tomato contest, but I imagine that they plumb fergot about it. It was kinda interestin’ at that. So I ankles down the floor to get a closer look at these little girls and I was never so surprised in all my life on account of down in Arkansas most of the girls wouldn’t have any shape at all if it wasn’t for their Adam’s apples. I looked around and asked the fellow standin’ next to me just who these beautiful ladies was. Well, he stopped leaning on his broom (it was Chris, the janitor) and said that these girls were a-goin’ to danqe in that stupendous Union production “Castles In The Air.” He said he sure wasn’t gonna miss it, and I guess I won’t either, even if Effie, (that’s my girl) wouldn’t like it.
Estey Speaks At Tau Beta Pi Banquet
At the monthly banquet of Tau Beta Pi, engineering honorary, held last night in the peasant room of the Memorial Union, Dr. J. A. Estey head of the economics and history department of the university, was the main speaker. Dr. Estey’s subject was “Oxford University And The Rhodes Scholarships.” Following the banquet a short business meeting was held.
EXPONENT BOARD
All members of the Exponent board are requested to meet Friday, February 12, in the conference room of the Agriqultural Experiment Sta. Members of the electoral board are especially asked to be present. ' Promptly at 4 p. m. -^NT.
Conducted by Vladimir Golschmann, the Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra will play in Jefferson High School Gymnasium next Monday evening for the first regular Purdue convocation of the second semester. The concert will begin at 8 p. m. and arrangements have been made to reserve the seats on the first floor jfor students until 7:50, at which time the general public will be permitted to occupy the remaining seats. The orchestra is one of the oldest organizations of its kind in the United States, while in contrast, Golschmann is one of the youngest leaders. This combination lends both youthful vigor and time-mel-lowed mastery to the renditions, which have been enthusiastically received by critics everywhere. Golschmann first joined the Saint Louis Symphony in 1931, and since that time he has established his organization as one of the finest orchestras in the Middle West.
Tickets for the general public are priced at one dollar with a special rate of 25 cents for high school students. Due to the wide appeal that such a convocation will have for all persons interested in fine music, the concert is to be held in the large Jefferson G3minasium to better accomodate the crowd expected to attend.
Budget Committee Approves Faculty Retirement Bill
Immediate retirement of elderly professors at Indiana and Purdue Universities has been written in the biennual budget according to an announcement made Monday by the budget committee. Provisions for an annual appropriation of $50,000 was recommended for the exclusive use of the universities in providing annuities for members of the faculty reaching retirement age. This same bill was introduced before the Assembly two years ago but it did not pass. Research ^11 A bill for an appropriation of $50,000 to be used for research in methods of building highways is to be presented before the legislature. This research will be carried on along with the regular research program that is being carried on at the University. Passage of the appropriation would make the present program at the University a permanent thing.
E. E. Graduate Is
Made Coal Head
John M. Drabelle, who graduated from the University in 1910 in electrical engineering, was recently named president of the Iowa Coal Institute. Drabelle received the professional degree of electrical engineering in 1915 and at the present time is the mechanical and electrical engineer of the Iowa Electrie Light and Power Co., Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
More than twenty years ago, Drabelle began studying Iowa Co^ and experimenting toward its efficient use in power production. This work was one of the beginnings of the institute and because of it more Iowa industries and utilities are using that fuel.
The largest seed in the world came from a species of the fan pakn cailled Lodiocea seychellarum, that grows on the SeycMles islands. It weighs 32)^ pounds and is shaped like a pepper. Under favorable conditions in its native habitat it may grow into a tree 100 feet in height
WBAA Issues Call
FerNewAuuouneers
Auditions for WBAA ^ nouncers and wonldha. iBt* nouncers will be held ho, the studios of that station in tho Electrical Enrt>teering BnRdr ing from 2^ tRl 5 o’clock next Monday afternoon. Anprne inV erested Jn radio anuonncing may try out
J
i-
-hV
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, Febrttai*y 10, 1987
In Defense Of “Sucking”
‘T’d call Up Professor ■
-and ask him
how to work this problem, but he might think I was trying to suck.” ^ This statement, made recently by a fri^d of ours, and other unfair and unreasonable attitudes displayed toward “sucking have caused us to rise in defense of some of the acte commonly but mistakenly connected with this art ,, ^ ^ _ Perhaps we should first attempt to define “sucking.” E^own at various colleges and universities throughout the country as apple-pol-ishing, handshaking, stooging, and browning, the term basically applies to any activity engaged in by a student for the purpose of creating a favorable impression ui)on an instructor, not for the sake of friendship, but with the hope that the instructor will be rather liberal in dealing out grades to students making the advances. SucMng is the art of patronizing a professor for a grade; it is a substitute for
study and work.
Several more or less diplomatic practices may be classed under sucking. You can call all instructors “Doctor,” even if you know they are only Mr.”; you can laugh when they laugh and frown when they frown; you can laugh loudly and noticeably w;hen a professor tells his favorite classroom joke for perhaps the tenth time; you can encourage him to enlarge upon his previous experiences, starting possibly with, “Now when I was out in industry ;” you can hold the door open and let hiTTi enter the room first; you can ask questions for which you already know the answers, just to show him that you are interested in the course; or perhaps you remain aloof and persuade some susceptible friend to tell the instructor how you bum the midnight oil or kilowatts in poring over that particular course. The general attitude of students, often assumed in only a joking manner, toward even insignificant acts such as talking to a professor after class or walking or riding with a professor has tended to curb student-faculty relationships which would undoubtedly result in a better understanding between the two groups. This attitude has prevented personal outside-of-class contacts of students with professors—contacts from which the students might derive benefits equal to those obtained
in the classroom.
Our advice is that you follow your own inclinations in the matter of faculty associations. If you think you will benefit by conferring with your professors occasionally, go ahead. Most of them will be glad to talk to you, and most of them have also had enough experience with students that they can tell whether you are really interested in the course or whether you are merely interested in get-
ting a grade.
You may feel a little bit guilty at first, but the older you get the less you will worry about what other persons are thinking of you, and the more you will tend to do what you think is right,—^R. P. M.
Readers’ Opinioas TA# Bxfonent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers.
The Student Alliance To the Editor: In view of the fact that the Purdue Student Alliance is a newly formed organization, we feel that the student body should be informed as to the purposes and principles of this organization. The platform printed below has been submitted to and has been accepted by the faculty. We, the members of the Purdue Student Alliance, affiliated with the American Student Union, are dedicated to the realization of a society of peace and plenty. We realize the need for a student organization with a practical and non-parti-san approach to vital problems of our day. We hope to stimulate student thinking on matters that concern the welfare of all. We desire to cooperate with any other campus organizations wherever we have common interests.
turtle $urbue exponent
F«wi4mI la IMI
Kntared m Moood elaM natter at tha poet Lafayette, In* dUanm. Deitvered by mall, 18,60 per year idelfv*red by carrier. $2.60 par year; add by ainsle copy, 8 eenta. MAIN OFFIO&-«12 Nortb Fift4. Street Bualneea Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087 Daily Student Publieation of Purdue University kditobial gTArr Edttotwto-Oilet W. T. Hunt Managing ESditor H. Morria aacnewa Edttoca . E, A. Barnette, J. E. Brack. A. H. Forster, B, F. Manion. C. L. Sadler SodMMnora Aralstanta W. M. Anthony. D. A. Bailey, i. A. Chapi^ J. B. dark. U 8. Hardin, 0. D. Sehraeder, SL L Stanbadc, D.JR. Vmim E, H. KeUogg, K. e: O’NbU, ~ WOMENT8 sraii MBwr———— —.-...-.y...,,—MeHen Creeeb ,aa»nrlate Editora Jeanne Fanonadk, Doris McCartney, Elisabeth Fyke AdwrUsing Manager. .Betty Barnett _ . V' BUSINESS BTAWW mmnm Manager.—.— B. J. Hnlse Manonal ^SvertiBinc Manager. L. B. Brown Sami eOmtitlog Maoager^.^.....,,.- D. G. Miller OlraBlatfco Manager f. F. Girard BFOBm STAFF liaaalaOa WSUmt^W. M, fISeld. 8. B. CrMHths, B, F. Obenehain jbSMS Bditor—D. A. Bailt^
PEACE 1. We oppose America joining in the suicidal world armament race. 2. We advocate strictly optional military training in state supported educational institutions. 3. We advocate further injuiry into the causes of war with the idea of preventing future wars. FREEDOM 4. We deplore the fascistic tendencies shown by certain persons who ignore the bill of rights while ostensibly upholding the constitution of the United States. 5. We shall defend the right of students to have all sides of a question brought before them and the right of teachers to present all sides of a controversial question to them. SECURITY 6. We seek adequate social security legislation. 7. We favor the extension of the cooperative movement. EQUALITY 8. We favor the extension of Federal student aid (NYA) to make higher education available to all youth regardless of race, creed, or poverty. Further information concerning this organization may be obtained by attending the meetings which will be announced in the notice column of the Exponent or by calling the secretary, Mr. Mirkin, telephone 76412. All members will be glad to clarify questions regarding the organization.—^William R. Smith, Chairman, Publicity Committee.
“Digest” Skin A typical product of our age is the “digest.” Even the casual observer cannot help but notice the ever-increasing number of these neat little volumes which attempt to give a summary of contemporary know'ledge, events, and ideas. Hurriedly sipping here and there, the modern tries to assemble an education. Few have the time, apart from the desire, to think for themselves. Other person’s thoughts are good enough. The idea is to have a topic for conversation, to be judged intelligent by our companions who have not^yet read that particular digest. Most of the digests are simply a conglomeration. The thought follows no particular trend. Many are printed for entertainment solely. ^ The digests are mute proof of the waste in our modem civilization. Magazines roll so readily from the press that we have to print most of the material several times over. On the new stand, one is likely to find the same article on the pages of three or more publications. Unfortunately, the “digest” attitude is the attitude of the average mind. It is a symptom of the disease deadening our cultural attainments. Our faster tempo of living, the pressure of economic forces combine to make us a “skimmer” in the thought of today. Possibly, in some age quieter than our own, when man is no longer a slave to machines, when leisure and security are once more ours, then, we may revive the art of conversation, learn again the art of thinking and living.— Dakota Student.
Someone please give BOB MANSFIELD, Theta Xi pledge, a knockdown to ROSEMARY MILBURN . . . he looks like a dying jay-bird when she passes ... the only known remedy will be a date ... Everyone is wondering why the Union Variety Hour program was cut to half an hour Saturday afternoon . . . the program was cut just before DICK CRAIG started to give his imitation of BOB BURNS . . . this cut ruined the best part of the program . . . what happened MR. DAMMON??? GAL PAYS FOR DATE: The other night JANE ANDERSON (the mischievous Theta) gave her date, GENE REIPF, a five-spot supposedly for safe keeping .... GENE had the dough a week later ... we didn’t khow you were paying for your dates, JANE . . . I solemnljib swore off the use of BILL EWOLT’S name in this column, but since then the name of his Attica, Ind., flame has blazed forth . . . her name is PAT HARRISON, and her pater floats in the dough ... at least she spends it thusly . . . said gal is either a junior or senior in high ... to think WIL-WIL is now robbing cradles . . Such is life . . . freshman ESTHER WOODWARD admits the fact that she is EARL HOLLOWELL’S “Squaw” ... at least she doesn’t refuse to admit that EARL addresses her as such and besides that she likes it. . . “Is this a speedometer?” she asked. “Yes, dear,” he replied. “And is this a dash light?” she queried. “Yes, honey.”. “This the gear-shift?” “Yes, toodles,” as he took his foot off the gas. Ahead loomed a fast moving freight train. ‘But what on earth is this?” she said in a curious tone as she placed her dainty foot on the accelerator. “This, sweetheart, is Heaven,” he said in a soft voice as he picked up a harp and flew away . . . POMES, DOIT, VOISES, LIM-
In My Opinion BY CADWALLADER Tt* fvfwMat wM mt stnmu rut^nsMUtt tM, opMow prtfwl ikit ««h—, tuOk an taUly that, at maUaa
And-Or There is one word, if it could be called such, which haunts most every conscientious writer —^that little and/or which appears so often in documents of precise language. Intended to avoid the use of many words, it appears so often in some writings that it becomes practically a nightmare. Outlawed by some of the high-falutin’ grammarians as a relic of the middle ages, it nevertheless finds continued and perhaps increasing use. The reason for this is simple; it saves so much time and trouble while adequ9,tely conveying the proper thought that its use is essential to brevity and clarity, even though it does possibly look a bit queer. Thus it is with a number of abbreviations and symbols. They are used so often that a polished writer always hesitates before including them in his dissertations, but it is usually hard to find adequate substitutes, without using many extra words. Therefore, though it may be in bad taste to use them in some circles, they are invaluable in others. Just the same, we get mighty tired of seeing “and/or” in so many places. But until some great genius comes forth with a satisfactory substitute, we will have to stand up under the strain.
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus ac tiyity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honor ary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. AbolishL useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“Mebbe we better wait fur Zeke—he alius was a late sleeper.”
RICES, VALENTINE SUGGESTIONS, ETC., are in order for the MARS PASSES for this week . . .
The Risk Dental Clinic OB. FAUL A. BISK DB. HAROLD J. BISK DB. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
ARC TODAY AND WEDNESDAY
Conway Tearle in “SENOR JIM” —and— Warner Oland in ‘CHARLIE CHAN IN EGYPT”
FAMILY LAST DAY DOUBLE FEATURE
Victor McLaglen in “THE MAGNIFICENT BRUTE” and Claire Trevor in “15 MAIDEN LANE”
STARTING TOMORROW Buck Jones in “SAND FLOW” and Rosalind Keith in “FIND THE WITNESS’
LUMA
LAST DAY
—PLUS— Clyde Lucas and orch.
STARTING TOMORROW—— Robert Young Ann Southern in ‘DANGEROUS NUMBER” —and— Jean Muir Donald Woods in “ONCE A DOCTOR”
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
MARS
LAST DAY
GRETA
GARBO
ROBERT
TAYLOL
—STARTS TOMORROW— JEAH ARTHUR GEORGE BRENT in “MORE THAN A SECRETARY”
And|R eady For Anything
ThaFs how you feel when you step smartly out in a freshly cleaned, trimly pressed suit— clean as a whistle and ready to meet the world. Get the cleaning habit—bring your suits to a g ood cleaner regularly and see ow much better they look all the time-^and how much longer they last. ThaFs positive clothes economy.
WEST SIDE CLEANERS
INDIANA'S MOST MODERN CLEANING PLANT
222 North Street
t»hene 4081
kiAiii
FINAL TODAY
Heart trouble set to music a . . with 5 new swIngtIme songs
W'
Added News NOVELTY
STARTING TOMORROW Big Double Feature LEE TRACY —and— Margot Grahame “CRIMINAL LAWYER” •PLUS* GUY KIBBEE —"•nd-*-* May Robson Sybil Jason “CAPTAIN’S KID”
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERSW«4l»^^y, FfibrMry 10» l&S^
THE PURBUE EXPONENT
Purdue Boxe rs Triumph In Golden Glove Bouts
Bacharach, Lyles, Rampudi, Markey, Steelman^ Lord, And Hardesty Enter Finals
Bf Bill Fiaeld
Glovea went flying in all directions last night at the Lafayette Armory when 30 amateurs met 30 other amateurs in the semi-finals to see who would have the honor of boxing next
Tuesday night in the finals.
Eleven young fighters representing the Old Gold and Black
gave notice that they were not
to be d6alt lightly with as seven of them won their fights and the other four lost by close decisions. Coach “Punchy” Maxwell said last night, “I have several boys here that know how to box, but as soon as they got in the ring, they went after knockouts.” This is plain to be seen as six out of the seven that are going to the finals are going by the way of a knockout. It would be hard to say which of the Purdue men looked the best, because they were not evenly matched, but they all looked as if they had what it will take to win next Tues-
day night.
Purdue men who won last night are: E. Markey, 112 lb.; Steelman, 118 lb., decision; K. Lotd, 160 lb.; Hardesty, 126 lb.; Steve Bacharach, 160 lb.; L. Lyles, 17? lb.; F. Rampudi, heavyweight. Except for Steelman, who fought in one of the most evenly matched bouts, the men won by technical knockouts or
knockouts.
i
THROW YOUR lioisfERSAway
And write with Parker Qfiink the pen4;leanineink that dries ON PAPER 31% faster than oldstjde inks. Always rich, brilliant— never watery. and 25c at any Store selling ink.
Secret ingredient dissolves sediment left in a pen by ordinary inks.
Made by The Parker Pen Co., Janesville, Wis.
ielder’s.... ....choice
■By Bob Walpole*
And at the beginning of the season someone wanted to know- if the Big Ten offered much competition . . . that question seems to have answered itself . . . —fc— Minnesota, in December was regarded as just another Minnesota five . . . just now, the team has second place well under control, and if the mini aren’t worried about their position being taken away from them by the fightin’ Gophers, they had better start soon ... —^fc— What has happened to Purdue’s Boilermakers seems to be the topic of the day . . . perhaps overconfidence, but that ought to have left after the consecutive lickings by Illinois and Notre Dame . . . —'fc— Two games coming up within the vYeek . . . Saturday night Purdue plays host to Iowa in a return game that should prove more than interesting .. . Monday night the Boilermakers meet the mini in another return encounter that will undoubtedly decide the final rankings of the Western Conference .. . the Old Gold and Black five hasn’t won a game on the Champaign floor for eight years, and after the tussle in the Jeff Gym, the Illini are figuring on a ninth . . . —^fc— All of the seats for the Indiana game that won’t come off until the 27th of this month have been sold for more than a month . . .
BASKETBALL Court 1—OflScial, Mann 7:00—1st Cary Hall N. vs. 2nd Cary Hall E. 7:16—Delta Tau Delta vs. Triangle . (A). 8:26—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Kappa Delta Rho (B)^. 8:40—Sigma Pi vs. Delta Upsilon (B). Court 2—OflKcial, McDonald 7:00—3rd Cary Hall N. vs. 1st Cary Hall E. 7:16—Delta Upsilon ys. Sigma Alpha Epsilon (A). 8:26—Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa (B). 8:40—Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha (B). Court 3—Official, Gaulke 7:00—2nd Cary Hall N. vs. 3rd Cary Hall E. 7:16—Theta Chi vs. Phi Kappa (B). 8:26—Delta Chi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon (B). 8:40—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon (B).
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
Lost—Black silk change purse, $16, on Sunday afternoon. Finder call R. W. Burks. 71062. Reward.
Lost—Black mottled Waterman pencil. Initialed A. R. F. Finder call Fowler at 41893.
For Sale—Good tuxedo suits. Flat top desk. Books, lots of them. Back numbers of magazines. Moore’s Colonial Market. 220 North Fifth street.
Lost—Bulova white and yellow gold wrist watch in Union lavatory. Name engraved on back. Liberal reward. Bob Winship. Phone 46753.
NOTICES
No noticM acceptMl after t p. m.
Singing: Choma—^Meet in rooms 1 and Z of Memorial Union' Building at 7 p. m. February 10. ' —-KEITH.
Fraternity PreaUlent#—Tickets for tbe inter-fratemity ball are still available and may be obtained from me. ' —WINTER.
hasie Military—Basic course students who lost any part of their uniform equipment in the fire at 629 University street, report same to Sergeant Gain, Armoiy supply room, before Saturday noon, February 18. —WHISTLER.
Zouaves—Meeting in the Armory Wednesday, February ID.^-at 4 p. m. —w;nter.
Fraternity President’s Council-Meeting at the Alpha Tau Omega house February 10 at 6 o’clock. —KE'TTLE.
Scabbard and Blade—All members are urged to attend a meeting February 10, at 7:80 p. m. in room A in Memorial Union Building for election of pledges. —BAKER.
R. O. T. C. Students—^All color bearers and color guards of Brigade, 1st, 2nd, and 8rd Regiments are requested to turn out for preliminary rehearsal in Armory at 7 p. m. February 10 in addition to 5 p. m. February 12. —SINGER.
Singring Chorus—Meet ingooms 1 and 2 of Memorial Union' Building at 7 p. m. February 10. 1 —REITH.
Independent Staff—Meeting at 7 p. n February 10 in P. I. A. office. —SENNSTROM.
W. A. 'A.—Play day committee meeting February 10 at 7 o’clock at Miss Brady’s at 269 Littleton. Very important. -ARNOLD.
Plying Club—Meeting at 7 p. m. February 11 in Memorial Union Building. —SMITH.
W. S. G. A.—Executive board meeting in room 8 of the Union at 7:16 p.. m. February 10. —COPELAND.
Union Sophomores—Our committees wiil meet in the Union office as early as possible February 11. —MYTINGER, PERKINS, McLEOD. Our committees will meet in the workshop at 4 p. m., February 11. —REID, STALLINGS, RIETH.
Mortar Board—Meeting in the Senate office at 4 p. m. February 10. Very important. —ADKINS.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
YES, WE ARE
Mechanics on the job Call us f6r
Painting and Decorating Free Estimates Jacobson & Sons, Contractors Phone 7486
Freshmen—'All freshmen fnteresfed in Union work report to rooms 1 and 2 of the Union, February 10, at 4 p. m. —PUTZE.
Alpha Zeta—No meeting tonight. —HARDIN.
Debris—Sophomore editorial workers report to office February 10 atv4 n. m. —MARQUIS.
Athlerig CetnOra AspfnHifa—AH «ifk ifhms at eodttpeMng fti any evati In tk» atfc* letic carnival medt in the small gym FMxtt' ary 11 at 4 p.m. CloMperitfon on Imritontgl and parallel bam, tumbling, and Sphm tUvgt ■s^l be ineln«fad. —FIELDB, M0BSSB1SUt!StlL
Sfaighig Choma—'Meet ha feemnI and Memorial Union Buildf^ at 7 p. SK. Felto^ ary 10. —REnHEL
Give Your Car a ^^Brake”
Slushy, sleety, and rainy spring days demand perfect brake protection.
Free inspection of your brakes by our trained experts will determine for you whether or not your brakes are safe for Spring Driving. Whatever yOur brakes need, tightening— new linings—tension—balance—or any kind can be had here with a minimum of time and money. See uls today.
Peter Anderson Co.
24-liour Service
525 Alabama Street
Phone 4048
From tobaccofarm to shipping TOOIflk e e at every stage in the making of Chesterfield Cigarettes.. .Job Number One is to see that Chesterfields are made to Satisfy.
In the fields... at the auction markets ...and in the storage warehouses.•• Job Number One is to see that Chesterfield tobaccos ate MILD and RIPE.
In the Blending Department Job Number One is to 'Veld** our homegrown tobaccos with aromatic Turkish to the exact Chesterfield forambu
In the Cutting and Making Departments Job Number One is*to cut the tobacco into long clean shreds and roll it in pure cigarette paper.
Chesterfields are made to ^ve you tbe thsu^
.ret
IftiqfiWN 19)1. bfiGin ft Mms Tobacg* Co.
you enjoy m a agarette,
... pleasing taste and aroma, Tb^ Suti^A ■’SIa • -< - ‘11'' 1 f't ■■¥''■
? ‘ *
Foot
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, Februai^ IP, jl&37
CO-ED
cp
AGE...
Page Editors—McKee, Cooley.
■f i .j I'.i-1 .1
V J
I» S'' •'•I I )i
/"■
Marstellar Co-op Elects Officers The Marstellar Co-op house, 204 Marstellar street, held their semiannual elections of officers Monday night, at their regular weekly business meeting. Several of the temporary officers, who have held office since the house was organized last December, were re-elected for the remainder of the school year. The present officers, elected last Monday evening are: Eai’l Brewer, president; Ray M. Mclntire, vicepresident; Elmer Peters, secretary; Gordon E. Sears, treasurer; William Bowman, house manager; Earl Hollowell, kitchen manager; Earl Childress, work schedule manager; Robert Wilson, social chairman; and Mrs. Georgia Miller, housemother.
SAY. JACK, I THOUGHT CHRISTMAS WAS IN DECEMBER.
YOU MEAN THIS NEW PIPE?
SAVED ENOUGH MONEY SMOKING EDCEWORTHJR? TO BUY IT.
’CAUSE there's no WASTE. SMOKES SWEET AND MILD DOWN TO THE HEEL. IT'S GREAT.
15^
**CeUophane** wrapped
AMAZING VALUE! POUCH
w
^THE COLLEGE il man’s ' SMOKE
COIXEOJ&-—_
Co-eds Set Sports Dates Regular Practices Start Next Week W. A. A. volleyball call has attracted a record number of players, and practices are in full swing. Open practice for girls in all classes was held Monday as a last opportunity for players who did not play in the intra-mural tournament to participate in the required two practices. Regular class games, scheduled for every Tuesday and Thursday, will begin tomorrow. W. A. A. basketball began yesterday with a demonstration contest played by upper-classmen. Recent rule changes were explained as the occasion arose during the game and an open practice followed. Rookies vs. Seniors Freshmen and seniors will practice today, with the sophomore and junior practice scheduled for Friday. Two out of three practices are required for pai’ticipation in the tournament, which will begin February 17, with games being played every Wednesday and Friday. Badminton Season W. A. A. badminton season opened Monday with a demonstration game followed by an open practice. After another open practice on Thursday, the regularly scheduled games will be played each Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday thereafter. W. A. A. tumblers will continue their activities every Monday and
Friday afternoon from 4 to 4:30 o’clock. W. A. A. fencing practice is held every Tuesday and Thursday afternoon at 4:45 o’clock. ■ Co-ed Bowling W. A. A. bowling is the newest and one of the most popular sports for co-eds. Any girl who doesn’t know how to bowl but would like to enter the tournament, may report to Irene Boehm, bowling chairman, or to Miss Russell for instruction. Tournament play, for which two practice games are required, will begin tomorrow evening at 7 o’clock. The revised regulations for W. A. A. players are: 1. All games start at 4 p. m. unless otherwise stated. 2. Girls may participate in either class basketball or volleyball but not both. (This does not prevent girls from participating in both intra-mural basketball and volleyball). 3. Girls having unremoved C health grades may not participate in badminton and basketball.
Co-eds Register For Second Semester Rush Second semester rush, which began at midnight Sunday and lasts until midnight Saturday, February 13, is being observed with informal teas and dinners by the six sororities. Thirty-one girls have signified their intentions of entering rush by registering. Pledging may take place any time this week.
Six Co-eds To Model In YW Style Show Six co-eds have been chosen to model in the Y. W. C. A. Valentine style show tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building, instead of the faculty lounge as was previously'announced. Peggy Hamilton, Betty Hiner, June Lippert, Sally McDermid, Pay Pendergrass, and Dorothy Jane Smiley, will display fashions from the Palais Royal. Wilma Mayhill will play a musical accompaniment while a representative of the store describes the dresses shown. Sara Alice McIntosh arranged the program, and Mary Wein made plans for the music.
If all of the blood vessels in a human body-were stretched end to end they would reach about twentyfive thousand miles, or once around the world.
YWCA Secretary Will Talk On Social Service Miss Florence Maddock, General District Y. W. C. A. secretary, from Burlington, Vermont, will speak at a Y. W. C. A.-W. S. G. A. open ' meeting on Wednesday, February 117. The subject of her talk will be I “Social Service As A Profession I And A Hobby.” I On Thursday, February 18, she ' plans to have personal and group 1 interviews with co-eds. She is especially interested in having conferences with those girls who are I planning to become teachers, j Miss Maddock travels in different ! states and helps organize social i service programs.
IN YOUR COLLEGE COLORS We make this amazing offer of a $1.00 English Type Folding Pouch in Rep Cloth with Rubberized Liner for only lOj? and one wrapper to persuade you to try Edgeworth Jr. Send the inside white paraffin wrapper and your dime together with the coupon (or print your name, college and address on the wrapper)—and we wiU send yoiiir pouch. Only one to a customer.
SOCIAL OFFER
Laru« & Bro. Co., Richmondi, Va. ■ R EncloaeJ find lOi! imd one inside while * ■ parafiin wrapper from a tin of Edgeworth | ■ Jr., for which send me Sl.OO value >iUc ■ * tohacco pouch in mjr college eolors. (i'iense * I jirtnt.) I
I I I I I I
lnRaaNtaRmiMilRiiPinaNaMal
IME FLIES, and trains on the railroad fly with it. It is a frequent comphment for watches and clocks to be set according to the. passage of the trains. Yet the years are constantly requiring new schedules to meet the accelerated tempo of modern business. Passengers today must measure their miles by their minutes, and keight must travel at what used to be good passenger-train speed. The Illinois Central's streamline Green Diamond, for example, makes its daily 588-mile round-trip between St. Louis and Chicago in 590 minutes, including stops. The MS-1 (Merchandise Special, a freight) reaches Memphis overnight from Chicago, after several stops, covering the
527 miles in 830 minutes. Other trains are proportionately speeded. To maintain schedules under present demands is a challenge to railway stamina and resourcefulness. It is heartening to observe how capably challenge is being met.
REMINBER . • . To meet new needs in new ways, but with never a sacrifice of ancient virtues—that, I believe, is the greatest achievement to which the railroads can today lay claim. Speed is fine, but it is at its best when backed by the safety, comfort and dependability of railway experience.
iiURois annul srsmii — AN INDIANA RAILROAD
Co-ed Fencers Ready For WAA Tournament Eliminations in the W. A. A. fencing tournament will begin Tuesday, February 16 at 4 o’clock. At this time the number of entrants will be cut from seventeen to four. At a later date these co-eds will participate in a round robin tourney to determine the champion fencer. Jean Reynolds, the instructor, and some of the members of the men’s fencing team will act as judges during the tournament which will be managed by Helen Beko. The entrants are Ruth Augert, Virginia Beck, Harriette Billings, Angeline Bratich, Barbara Cook, Pat Clymer, Louise Daniel, Joanne Edson, Mary Margaret Helm, Dorothy Hewitt, June Hosack, Eugenia Little, Janet McDougal, Jane Myer, Gaby D. Roe, Mary Schilling, and Naomi Smitt.
600 Gather At Meeting Of University Club With 600 members and guests attending, the University Club held a meeting Monday evening at the Memorial Union Building. The program consisted of selections by the Girls’ Glee Club directed by Albert P. Stewart, a play “The Man In The Bowler Hat,” and dancing to the music of Schilling’s Gold and Black Aces. Those who took part in the play were H. Kenn Carmichael, Mrs. P. E. Lull, Prof. H. M. Baldwin, Prof. Howard Wikel, Miss Helen Ellis, Prof. Glenn Smith, and Prof. D. F. Canfield. Mrs. R. B. Crepps, D. 0. Bowman, Robert Horn, and Mrs. H. M. Baldwin served as head of the various commitees assisting in the productions.
WSGA Freshmen To Elect Executives Each freshman co-ed interested in becoming a member of the W. S. G. A. executive board must present a petition signed by twenty-five freshmen women by February 21 at four o’clock. On Wednesday, February 24, there will be a W. S. G. A. maiss meeting at which the names of these candidates will be presented and the freshmen will elect their representatives to the executive board.
40 WAA Girls See Demonstrations W. A. A.-demonstration games in basketball and badminton were played in the Women’s Gym yesterday. About 40 girls participated and attended the games which were followed by an explanation and discussion of the rules.
^Interviewer’ Talk Slated For Feb. 16 M. M. Boring, in charge of the employment of college graduates for the General Electric Company, will discuss “How A Senior Should Interview An Employer” in a lecture scheduled for Tuesday, February 16, at 4 o’clock in the lecture room of the Education Building. The meeting will be open to all Purdue students, and judging from previous lectures in the series, it will attract a capacity crowd. Mr. Boring, who interviews hundreds of college seniors every year, will present his ideas of what the employer expects in the interview.
"I'LL MEET YOU
IN THE
Yes, the Sweet Shop is most certainly the meeting place on the campus for students. Yet, the Sweet Shop is more than just a place; it is where you may enjoy a chat, a coke, and music!
c^weet <^luy
7
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE
Purdue Memorial Union Corner of the Campuo—Center of Activity