THIS Newspaper Is Put Out Only Once A Year We Can't Get By With It * Any Oftener
Purdue Exponent
WEDNESDAY March 23, 1938 " Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 142
We’re asking FIVE CENTS each for the 2,000 extra copies of this edition we had printed. We’re darn -sure there are that many more suckers at Purdue besides the ones who take this paper regularly. Hi, Suckerf
Bosses Believe
Thaf Juniors
Should Be
Committee Supplies Own
Music—Gets Seven Ford's
Purdue juniors and seniors this year will have the rare honor of attending a unique prom if the Prom committee’s present
plans can be carried out.
A Promenade with a super band is promised. The super band will be composed of no ordinary musicians. Ah no, trust our Prom committee to outdo themselves in that line. Instead of choosing some mediocre “name band like Tommy Dorsey or Guy Lombardo, the committee in an inspired moment gave birth to a masterful idea.
Being each one a super man and
figuring that ^»ven goes into $2800 e.xactly one Ford car’s worth apiece, the committeemen decided that none but themselves are qualified to 'grace the auspicious occasion of the l')58 Junior Piom with rhythyms. Do Own Playing In line w-.th these deduction', each committee member has signed up I'oi a coi 1 e'-pondence course in playing some musical instrument. Sas-.-^er, as Prom King, has enrolled in one which will give him the mastei'K touch with South American Indian Tom Toms (all m a few
days).
Other committee members are leaining to play the piccolo, flute, lyie, harp, musical saw, and comb. In two weeks time they expect to put on a Piom preview jirogram of -elected ancient classics. Since modem swing music is not well suited to their instiuments, the boys have decided that Purdue students would lathei' heal Greek diamatic music
anyhow
Choose I^rom Queen Right in line with their marvelous idea^ foi music the Prom committee, cooperating with Student Senacoi", has chosen a Prom Queen. .At great trouble and expense the Exponent has secured a specially posed picture of Miss Queen, who for the nonce must remain anonymous in order that admirers may not swamp her with gifts and attentions. The picture, reproduced in natural tints m older that none of the QueenV raie beauty be missed, IS printed elsewheie on this page. King Sa^'ser, claiming that his queen i- far too precious to accompany him at Prom, is now searching for a date. Qualifications for the lucky co-ed are none. She really ''hoLild have a formal dress, howevei, as there is a possibility that she would not be allowed at the dance without one. Late reports indicate that this IS only a bare pos-.-,ibility, howevei. .\11 co-eds interested may call little Bobie at 5779 and state their qualifications. Mail applications will also be accc])ted if photographs of the applicant are included.
Basackwards This
All Read, Fun Have
Indiana Weather
Perhaps You Have Wondered Why We Printed This Darn Rag
We wish w'e knew.
ficial.” smoking in classrooms is benestudents in time would realize that and I agreed yesterday that the Is not hampered. Both Dean Fisher he asserted. “His ability to reason “Smoking relaxes the student,” classrooms. a student when he is reciting in smoking is soothing, mild, and aids owner and director argued that ])uft's of his cigar, the boy camp Dragging from a pipe between okay.” “smoking in classrooms is perfectly his Union Building room that Irving Goldsmith said last night in ant to the Dean of Men Frederick fingeiing a cigarette holder, AssistSmoking a long black cigar and
And Long Cigar Goldy Fingers Hose
Bock’s In! Don H Wait To Read This
BRUISING ROOM New book'': An autobiography on the pair at the desk—with 400 illustrations in color (pink). Excellent handling of the subject by the author . . . (who?) . . . the author . . . who? (P.sst. Bock’s in.) Another one on the shelves that may be of interest to someone (we hope) is “What Goes On (?) in Miller's Oflice When No One Can Get In” by Doc Hall (He couldn't gi't in). Heie’-' a hoi one ... a volume on “How To Get Back At Gimlet” by Delta T. Delta. Beginning Thursday, no snoring will be allowed except by T. Garland . . . they threw him out of the women’s lounge
i
!you of out fool damn a made sure we’ve far this read you’ve if but ,time the of ^ome people the of some fool can You •liosterity for mankind precious of uplifting the preserve must we . . . forward .onward .Upward .up geljting start to him foi time is it that say they now and ,down going been has man centuries For .down than up read to easier is it that claim specialists and educators Progressive
Faculty To Bring Dates, Dice For Meeting Tonight
Perhaps my remarks seem incontnivertible to the astronical antipathy of this antidestablishmentar-i-'in, but I’ll be (1 - - hanged if I know what the hell the weather is going to do. We guess so much that the more we guess the less wo give a damn.—The Weather Man. P. S. No. 1: It might rain. P. S. No. 2: Article 2S, Gth clause, phrase 19: Who cares?
Quarterly faculty meeting will be held tonight at midnight under Heavilon Hall Tower. President Elliott has requested all faculty members to bring their own date.s and unloaded dice. Following this meeting, the group will adjourn to John Purdue’s grave. Hero Chubby Fairman will give an p.''hibition of ’ sped ilir.cd flagpole silting, while Denny Stratton iloes a buoble dance below. Following best Boilermaker traditions, the party will then adjourn to the banks of the Wabash for pretzels and beer. Beer will be served only to those above the mental age of four. Elliott said last night that he had ordered two bottles of Bock.
This Space Reserved..
. . .for our strongest rivals, Wie Kantrip Scott Tissue Paper,
uim
Suckers If
They AH Show
Up For Pay
OFF
Her Excellency...
Who Does Doctor Miller
Think He Is—Anyhow?
iMiss Prom Queen
Perdew Society Of Anfagonisfslo Pack Union's 'Red Room'
Purdue Student Alliance will meet at 4 am tonight in the Debris (no, (lamnit, this time we don’t boldface your name) office in the Union doghouse.
With the tune of “I Dreamed That I Dwelt In Marble Halls” still running through his head, University saw-lmnes and campus fill-us-of-her Sayers J. Miller laid plans for the materialization of his latest brain child ... a test-tube village for experimental and mostlj-mental marriages. Co-eds to participate will be selected on their merits . . . Starret and Mary-Ed Johnson being already accepted. Probably located in the quadrangle, giving easy accessability to Heavilon Tower and J. Purdue’s grave, the village will incorporate the Home Ec playground, busting lab, and racks of solutions from the advanced Chem labs. A governing committee for the village will be selected by the gal at the main Union desk (she knows best). OK BY JIMMY JAMES Jimmy James, embryologist, and one of the sponsors of the new project, when contacted last night said, “Fine.” Dr. S. J. Miller in respon.se to the same question answered, “P'ine.” Perhaps that’s a hint as to Prexy Elliott’s opinion on the matter. Children for the gigantic martial experiment, designed to eliminate unhappy wedlock, will he borrowed from the Lafayette Insane .Vsylum for the period. Following graduation, they will (students, not children) be assured a place on the bench in the court of human relations. In order that the principal obstacle of present day affilictions (frigidity) be entirely eliminated from the colony, wives will be rotated each day, and the date line stamped above the left ventrical.
Officials cho.se this location because they said it was the only place in the red enough for them outside of Rhode Island, if what “Moneybags” Siebenthal said about Debris finances was true.
Union Vice Prexys Musi Get Grades Or Be Canned-Elliotl
Father Sheetz in Tears; Just Unhappy
Hereafter, the Debris-PSA office will be known a.s the “Red Room.”
Doc McKee, Class Room
Bull, Bears Down On Stuff
Piesident Edward C. Elliott (University Head Man, remember?) is said to have said, during a special meeting at his home in Greater Lafayette last night, that unless the scholastic index for the Junior VicePresidents of the Student Board of Officers of the Purdue Memoifial Union is brought up to 2.00, by June of 1938, the junior members of that August Body will be either officially dropped from the Board, or added to the faculty.
Wall Street was thrown into a panic last night when it became known that Doc McKee had cornered the bow tie and yellow shoe market in every commodity exchange the vvoi'ld over. A bear on the mai ket and a bull in the cla.ssroom, McKee had no trouble in passing off used street cai transfers foi tie and shoe paper. Using the line of patter evolved at Purdue, he wheedled the financial wolves of the world to swaji-t fie and shoe interest for his worthless transfers. Questioned about his coup, McKee said, “Now I can give my classes a break . . . I’ll select ties that shout so loud none of them will be able to sleep any of the time.”
The man behind this movement is reputed to be “Father Tom” Sheets —self-appointed daddy of the erring infants—and head man-behind-the-throne in the Elliott league. “Father Tom” is reported to be intensely unhappy about the whole thing.
over the phone. “A girl in my condition!” Lloyd M., in the usual Ballely hoo manner, stuttered, twitched, coyly blushed, and said nothing—in many words. (Which way is up, Val?)
A Bunch Of Youse Eds ..
. . . saw the babes pictured above, in “Of Thee I Yodel,” and we thought you might be interested in their telephone numbers and stuff,
so here goes:
Looks Phone No.
Zowie 41841
Pulze Backs Father Tom Backing “Father Tom” in the true Union spirit, and to the nth degree, is heard to be self-appointed Dictator Putze—he of the mighty pipe-lines and Union Survey thesis. The Dictator did not hope to be quoted, but said—unofficially—that the Union would stop throwing Vice-Presidential receptions for the various divisions of the faculty, if conditions had not improved by “Yellow Slips,” since results certainly weren’t meriting expenditures. “Ward Heeler” Stallings could not be pinned down, as usual, but was apparently waiting to see which side “Clutsy” — the redoubtable Bartinet—had buttered their bread upon.
WMOO Programs
Todav—Mavbe
11:0011:15 11:4511:50-
the
Name
Bev Rice Vic Miles Marge Stockei Emily Gulp Jean Jones Marge Blocker Marge Starret
Yeh Man . 4035 Phew .. 2641 A goon . 99.44'"/; You Guess . 4051 Ooooh... . ? . Plenty .. 2920
The Brat’s Busy “The Army Brat” McCleod was much too busy investigating the incubator situation, with a gentleman and a scholer, to be bothered with her onerous duties as head Secretary of the Studied Bored of Offers for the Purdy Memorial Onion Building. “How can you expect me to be concerned with inconsequential.s like the S.I.’s of delinquent V. P.’s,” she tittered, when contacted
12:0312:15 12:30 12:15 1 -00 1:151:30 1:451:55 2:00 2:15 2:45 3:00 3:15 3:30 3:45 4:00
Song;
11:00
—Just Kids.
—Don’t Listen. —Canned Moosic. —More Kids. —Mr. Woodworth Reads
Exponent.
—Off the Air For Lunch. —It was a Short Lunch.
—Don’t Listen.
—Among Our Memory
—Kids Again.
-WRH Male Choru.s.
—Don’t Listen.
—Necking Novelties. —Montmorenci Kids. —Canned Moosic. —Dean Fisher, Soprano. —Damned If We Know.
—John.
—The Perspiring Reporter. —Exponent of the Air. —^To Hell With the Exponent —Don’t Listen. —We’re Off! —Tomorrt)>v— to 5:00—Don’t Listen!
Zulu Enders Blows For Teacher Feature
Editor’s Note: This is the 10000008th a scries of Good Teachers. The Exponent desires to recognize good teachers and the following article is the last of the series . . . unless the staff ever gets heart enough to write about Prof. Greiner.
“I always believe in making my lectures as forceful as possible,” stated Dean Howard E. Enders, when interviewed in the Chocolate Shop last night. “That’s why I piactice long and diligently, every evening with my blow gun . . . killing all sorts of wild animals . . . just so T can blow harder and louder in class.”
Dean Enders is noted for his lectures. No one has ever fallen asleep in them. Just t® be sure every reader got that point, we’ll repeat . . .
no one has ever fallen asleep in one of Dean Enders’ lectures. His education and preparation for lectiu’ing were gained from a wide range of experiences. Am I Educated! “I studied pink elephants in Nova Scotia,” he ejaculated. “I watched the Bull Moose in Ethiopia . . . and stripeless leopard in Little America . . . the two-horned cantaloupe in my garden.” Then he boomed, “Is it any wonder that I’m the most popular, most sought-after, most brilliant and learned professor ever to step foot on this here campus?” One never-failing chai’acteristic of his ... is his perpetual waiting
Whoops! Thoy told u- to keep on writing and thev didn’t -av we <^ver had to stop . . . -o heie ti-oe-'.
\fter laking a squint at the gals in the recent .\1!-Campus show . . . we see why the hov s import their dames.
Especially awful we'o the le'g- of the fals in the dancing chorus , . . they leininded u-' of co'cades . . . you l-;no'\ rippling rolN of fat
What we want to know is why Bernard Everett—the politician of the show, keeps wanting to live his parts in real life. You remember when Schmadel, Miss Diana Devereaux of the show, said to him, "You wouldn’t make such a bad consolation prize, yourself.” Well. Everett has taken it to heart and has had dates with Schmadel everv night since the last show . . . without missing one.
Notice to Benny Hufford and Bethie McCool . . .
Purdue University is no place to train an infant. Bethie, if you must pat little Benny’s face, do it in private. The sight of your figure towering over his, and your motherish ail’, is almost too disgusting to mention even in this column.
Just ask Dick Craig about the trailer and see vv hat he says. If he doesn’t say much . . . then mention Jan Nilson and see what he says.
Why are all the Sig Eps in the hospital ... is it because they catch cold so easily after being e.xposed to the heat of the Alpha Chis ?
The lid is ofif. Editor Ehinger of Debris fame has let his love life become exposed to the vulgar glare of the public. For years Chuck swore he’d never take an interest in women and that his SAE pin would always adorn his manly chesL
Then last week Chuck imported a gal from Wisconsin for the SAE formal. This gal appeared at the dance with an SAE pin brazenly on her formal . . . and it was Chuck's.
The funny part about the whole thing is that she’s had the pin for over two months and no one suspected. Now that everyone knows . . . who cares?
We apologize for publishing the above three paragraphs ... we knew you wouldn’t be interested anyway.
Aw. heck, we aint bein’ nasty enough. Let’s see if we can’t remedy that.
for the room to “settle down” before beginning one of his memorable lectures. From the way he wants things to settle dovvm . . . you’d think he had the dregs of the campus in his class. Lions Give Competition Dean Enders has one difficulty in lecturing . . . and that is raising his stentorian voice above the roar of the lions near the Biology Building. But he hasn’t failed in performance of this yet . . . mainly because the lions have never roared. And remember this, the Dean muttered as he whisked a fly from his stein, ‘'I’m a big man." To look at him y®u'd never doubt it.
Seen at the airport ... in the back seat . . . Skinner and Cummings. Wonder what they were doing ?
Boenicke’s boy friend looks like something we’d hat* to mention i»
(Coutlnued on page—You Guess!)£dihfuaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
diujrufi.
Wednesday, March 23, 1938
OuA fddif — ?0i SaipL-.
Something Oiiglita Be Done... about Aalloi ^hp" bocau-^e the damn things aie alwa\s popping up at the ino^t inoppoitune times We suggest tile 'follouiiig pioceduie foi distiibiition of the in^idiou- dcMce- (1) Give them to the student and let him pit suit thtm to the paients m anv man nci ht choo^t-' (2) Flint them in old English sciipt so a-- to makt them piactically illegible (3) Just for-j-a tlu t\hok thing We favoi the last method about election scandals, because there haven’t been near enough of them this a ear to provide good cop^ for this paper e suggest the politicians get on tht ball and start the back-stage heels rolling about Senate Vice-Pie\\ Montfoit vho persists in smoking hi" pipe on the steps of the Double-E Builaing thus setting a bad example foi up and coming student" It ^\ouldn’t be so bad if the damn pipe didn t stink almost as much as Montfoit We suggest 1 cellOfhanc iMappci foi both about the excessne use of lights in » IlH Ihe hnlliance is %eii discouraging to pioper love-making and induces a restraint nhuh is neither natuial noi health! Off vith the lights off vith restraint . . off vith inhibitions Vnel dov ii uith the Unnersity light hill a’eut the eeluinc uid intensite et the shooting if te Piex\ Roll! ins meuth !!hieh i" nc\ei "ii" eeen !\ 1 en he leep" It is possible though noi jubille ih u hli" Bakei could take caic ol this, R "he ec Id uiM\c the oideal ot keeping hei bps in ecniucuer vith hi" lei "ceeial minutes at a time
However, obseiveis tell us that even in this activity his mouth IS not in lepose. . . about the ChiO house mother who persists in allowing ChiO swains to remain in the house long after the one o’clock time limit is up. We suggest she hire a professional hair dresser to place her curlers so she can kick the boys out on time, because it’s damn discouraging to be kicked out of the other sororities and walk past the ChiO domicile and see your worst enemies pitching away inside. about all the giaft Bill Bodden gets fiom dance bands m picking them over others much more desired bj the campus This could be handled by appointment of a Senate Investigating Committee headed by Bill Musham who is a whiz at figuies even the one in Oak Paik about this damn editorial It’s too long now, but we amt said half what we wanna. about the tennsie weensie sundaes sluiped up behind the sweet shop fountain They haidly tickle the tongue befoie the spoon and dish aie licked clean and they cost a whole dime. . . . about the All-Campus show comp situation. With Business Manage! Putze and Stooge Vallely on the dishing out end, no one even had a smell at the comps except Mr Valleh and Mi Put/e Of couise the two did moie foi the show than did anyone else, but we think theie weie otheis who did almost as much Vi least they did enough to meiit tomps about the load to the aiipoit which is so bumpy that many lips have been cut in attempting to build up the pi opci atmospheie btfoie paiking undei the love copdueiivc sky which belongs to the an poi I A^nd the p 11 kin IS damn muddy these dai"
Notices
Purdue rnjrinetr Sh rl nuctini, of the i, 1 r II 1 ih 1 iiKineer ( II i t in W r c \ M rth 2" - 1 AM S Airport 0 nice ( ommittee 1 k i t meet w h tl e Fh in Cliil it s p m Wi Inci i 1 Mid in th Fnion Buildinp MORC\N Chi Epsilon Ml (ti\( ind pk Ipi" "ill imi W cdi dai March 23 nt 6 1) a m 1\ h 1 n k c lack f f the < h Ruil lini. W \ 1 IN C
C>retn Potters Orch "tri Committ n inp II rc m I) cf th Unun it 4 ] 1 rh irsdac March it XAEkOWSKT
Catalvst Club Imi itint rnc tii it ^ k pm W( Inc dni March 1 in r m 2(1-’ f He ikn H 11 HOW M \X
4 H C lull Me rc c ni \u II 11
ibers 1
t 1 M ich
ml U
e \ 11 OX
Pla\shop Trvouts Ihc folkwinpr m i\ it )crt loi furthci it uhnKs tt 4 p m W^e I r "d i\ Much 21 tc Ic"kr Hill M L Ichn ton It It iscn\\ issci C It( t & I)( \ 1 H Rut II Brchmci G Ki slinp G Jut J I 1 h r M McKtc J Y ipci I Mcti It Hr 11 B Cibcillc 1 rumble I 1 thi D Ih mi n G Kt s ind G tlcvci CMIMICHAET W AA I! iskethill 1 11 \\inp iilsm ctii Wf ni I C\m it 4 p m Ihiusdiy Much 2 1 f ir 1 1 i\t fl pnme Gt 1 1 S lu id 11 etc Kilt! W ill cl Wcislnir Btiscl Vinlivui Blml Jci 1 11 s nd I i hlciph B1 icl Si i I Shillti 1) i\ isoi Mt 11 IS M uhci Bciudij M ucr XI C implcll Biciitr nid Motincc BRADX X arbitv I encers Met Imp I diet n \t M 11 s c i] t 111 it 4 00 p m Wc inesd \ Much ..3 in ftiKinp office of )-\mni i un Pk i c tt I 1 MA 1 iin WS bilcer Mask Me tile, Wedn sd ij. Miiih 3 It I( I m in loom 1) MAX THEWS Gimlet Actnes and Pledjrcs Ilii n i m I ms. Jh 1 1 i\ Much _1 it ( p m it th Sifem i I hi I I il n Ht ust BROW N Graduate X\ omen All \\ im n jzi ulu itt tutknl r invitt I ti the Womens Gvm XXcdncstl e M leh 1 it 0 ft i letr a tie n prep r ri I 11 J 1 HI
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding ma chines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired Supplies Multigraph and mimeogiaph work C F Ebershoff, 606 Mam street
lortstri B ineiuet E i ti\ Cl 1 "ill r nil th ITU i 1 1 I 111 t Wc In 1 i\ M rth ^ tit tioil n th h m ce n nuts fit ri i ] t r re t \ itu n i rRc I t ( , nt t ill C C R mei r it I!* 1 W M II RS Purdue hhinp Club Mectinp Maith 24 in itxm B tf the Un n t 40 i m SKINNFR Alpha Zeta Imj itint m itirik in the Agriculturist oftice Wednesday March 23, at p m Cht ek in tickets ft r Ac d lilt e —UNDERWOOD Plaeshop Readings More men needtd "he can handle eomtdv rohs All tds ind ei eds art urped te tiv tut Wednesday Mai eh 23 at 4 j: m in Itwler Hall C ARMICHAEI
Mbs First Fyli Length Feature!
Special Coiir'^es In — KEEPING THE FACE CLEAN REGULATION OF HABITS COVERING THE FACE WITH HANDS HEN LYING MAKING THE HANDS BEHAVE And ALL OTHER WATCH ETIQUETTE THE RICHARD i BATH H0U|[0F C0|REC!I0J FOR
W AYW ARD W \T(,HES
605 MAIN SI,
PHONE 6377
ARC
BRUCE CABOT VIRGINIA GREY EDWARD NORRIS f,\ JEAN CHATBURN CLIFF EDWARDS — \lso— Last ( hapter “WILD WEST DAYS” —Plus— GAKTOON COMEDY
FRESH! M
^ ~ ip
\ ou durn betcha he s fresh We also know something that is just as fiesh and is also good foi the big "appletite Instead of dt tnering big apples, however, we dclnex FRESH MEATS Just call us and our deli\cry service will "meat” )ou at your door 220 N 3rd CITY Phone 5372 MEAT & POULTRY MARKET
Censored— But We're Running It
A PLAY IN ONE ACT Directed and staged by the playop drunks. The scene is laid in the comfortable back seat of a loomy automobile parked beside a beautiful lake The oiange moon shines dimly over the soft iipples
“You know Mary, every time J see you my heart beats faster. I feel the urge to do bigger and better things, I feel so strong and virile. Do you know what that means ? ” “Sure, it means in about fave minutes you and I aie going to have a wrestling match.”
She IS in his aims and he is whispeiing in hex eai He pulls hei closer and clo'^ei to him hei pulsating breasts push against his chest as he caresses hei cheek with his Soon he bends his head a fiac tion moie and then lips meet then embrace tightens hei halfclosed eyes glow dull and dieamy his left hand i uns thiough hei beautiful daik bi own ban soothingly, caressingly with his light aim he holds hei tightei—tightei ht can tcel hei heait beating in time with his moie and moie she relaxes into his embiate until they aie as one person his hand
diops fiom her hair and begins to taiess the soft curves of her shapely body it begins to wander, following the youthful contouis It glows more and moie daiing . . suddenly she stiffens' He has gone too fai' Roughly bieaking fiom his embiacc, she glares wildly at him as her mouth drops open and "he SCI earns, “HELP, A PICKPOCKEl Algy saw a bcai, 'Ihc bear saw Algy Ihe bear was bulgy, 1 ht bulge was Algx
LAST DAY
EDw.G.R0BINS0i^
Roommati Wantid— Twin beds \( ai c inijius SKI 116 S\l\ la street Phone 56821 lost—Uctiing ^lide Rule and Phrsit" Book in Aimoix Maith 17 Phase lta\c at I nu n desk 1 (1 htnL Ont d( libit loom, one hiKhlotk Ik m campus J52 Northwest c i n
IF You Don’t Want to Save On Your Groceries Don^t Trade Here ■
THUR.—FRI.—SAT. ERIE LINDEN in “Midnight Intruder’ —and— NAN GREY in “The Black Doll”
■LAST DAY-
tMAmS? 01 ifis' TIIUR.-FRI. AKIM TAMIROFF GAIL PATRICK ANNA MAY WONG
“Dangerous to Know’
She’s the Hottest Baby on Either Side of the Wabash (and that’s takin’ in a hell of a lot of territory) SO IS OUR SERVICE
LAFAYETTE STREET RAILWAYWednesday, March 23, 1933
Spo^S^-'iofL
Feetball Stars Strike For Higher-Wages
Elward Cries Into Beer, Wails 0 er Pigskin Dopes
‘‘Hey, btupicl, look alive! One ‘Bo^'ey Joe’ Mihal around here is enoug'h!” Thus “Malevolent Mai” Elward, football coach (?) and slave driver a la Simon Legi’ee, was heard gently chiding a dope in a football .‘poot, even dopier looking than the other dopes in the vicinity (Hennis wuz thar, too) t’other day over by the new Feelhouse.
‘Tveerist/. if’n youse guys don’t g«et on the ball I’m gonnor have to buy me a whole new first team!” continued Mai, crying copiously into Juska's beer. Tony was trying to use the beer as a cha.ser for some of Red Mackey’s home brew, but the brew was a little too fast for the beer, and the last we saw Anthony had given up trying to catch it with beer and was running around in circles trying to catch it bunself. Burnham Finally Shows U]) Aftei’ two or three rounds of dirty jokes and quotations from Shakespeare, “Li’l EliAier” Burnham appeared on the scene and took chai'ge. “Hey, ilump and Brock ,take Elward to the cold showers: while you’re theie you better get in your.'.elvesl" quoth Elmer merrily, enjoying greatly the chance to get even with Mai for putting glue in the cornflakes the day after his new false teeth came.
he served as an excellent tackling dummy. “We might as well USE him as a dummy,” muttered Elmer as he watched the intelligent expression on “Big Bill’s” face. After everybody was limbered up the managers passed out golf sticks and badminton racquets (Ohel, that goes in the story after , next) Anyhow, after everybody was limbered up—-well, what did happen after everybody was limbered up? Cantcher guess ? Pheita Nu . . . announces the initiation of Blah Blah Blah, Blah Blah Blah, and Blah Blah Blah, all of Blahvile, Blahrkansas.
SOFA-WAIIMINU T’oda>—-12 mid-nite Phi Gamma Delta vs. Pi Phi. Triangle vs. Phi Mu. WHOOPS '! !
Zilch Zlings Dizcus Zeventy-ZixZmiles His muscles rippling in the rapidly diminishing sunlight, Huggins Xeno])hon Zilch, ace Boileionaker discus thrower, thi'evv the disk to a new Purdue I’ecoi'd in the .Siwash I'clays yesterday. His breath in short pants, and with his handsome face contorted with a scowl. Zilch threw it 8’l).fi77S4.‘l”. It was the first time in 20 years that Purdue had i)lac<>d a man above 24Hrd place
in any meet.
P]-etty Boy Zilch jdaced the Boilermake)’ trackmen in l(),5th place, by virtue of his startling feet. Fifteen BEAUTTFUL (I’m a liai-) coeds lifted him on their SH.VPELY (they ought to pay me for this phony publicity) shoulders and bore him off amid cheers.
Scream In Glee
As all 15 sci'camed in ecstatic g'lee. Pretty Boy blushed his prettiest and slyly winked at co-ed No. 9 w'ho w'as holding his thigh. He jumped down from his lofty perch on the girls’ u])raibed arms, picked u]) No. 9 in his brawny arms and ran out of sight. Fifteen minutes late)', he was caught sitting in his j'oadste)' with No. 9, slumped down in the seat and at peace with the woi'ld, in Happy Hollow. Hell!! 1’he editor says i gotta get back to the subject, the ti'ack meet. The athletic dept, spent over $7,0000 to send the team to the relays and sent 718 men. Says Hermon Phillips, track coach,- “I considei' the money damned well spent. Zilch’s victory alone is woi'th a
“grand” to me.
EXTRA!
Captains Squabble Over Graf t Distribution; Elward Deals Justice From Throne Room Dirfy work was afoot last night when gridiron coach Mai Elward, caught washing his socks, received te folfoing letter: ^"Deer mR; ALwErd, For your meeslish tin thousand bukks I vuddn't rub my nose in dat dam dirt nor play feetsball neidder. Before Tm putting my X on the contrac you^re got to give me 25,000 dol.s. Also a threeroom house with a pretty maid/' Signed Bogey Joe Mihal.
Brig's Boys Will Tickle Chocolate Shop Co-ed Five According to announcement I'nade late yesterday by Bobbie Woodworllhless, athletic big stick, Brig Yoiu’ig’s Beerbelly Boys will meet an all star co-ed team, picked up in the Chocolate Shop in a gala exhibition basketball gan^e tonight in the .stadium in the dark of the moon. “W’e’ll all pitch in and beat the pants off' dem goils,” in-edicted forwai'd Young. Hey Ninny, Ninny “We won’t pull our punches tonight,” bragged the Chocolate Shop gals, “and we’re goi)ig to be plenty hot!” Just for safety’s sake Doc Miller has been asked to referee. You know, on account of the dark and all that stuff.
After a fainting .spell the great Elward rallied with superhuman effort and gathering strength with fury roared, “Wilt the rest of you nice football boys please tell Joey that I would like to see him, if he can spare the time, plea.se. Can He Make It? After two cokes and a lemonade chaser Bogey Joe ambled over to the Fieldhouse and bashfully walked into the Sanctum sanctorium. marked -I .1 MEN! Finding Elward perched on a th)'one Mihal approached w.th the timid grace of a prt-cociou- ele-
phant.
“Joe," said King Elward. "Waily heck i-- this all about? Here I pay you ten grand and you want more. What do you think this i-,. any-
how ? "
"Ugh!’’ exclaimed the verbose
Mihal.
“Take it ea-y coach.” .said '-tooge Juska, “You're making mountains out of Mihals!” Overfed And . . . “How come you to widte t’nis letteb, you overfed and underslung hunk of horsemeat!” shouted King Elward. “Who wrote what letter. Gosh, dern it, you know I can’t write! whined Bogey Joe. Ah, ha. The plot thickened. “Who wrote that letter,” squeaked El-
ward.
“I cannot tell a lie; I did it with my little typewriter." admitted Bad Center Humphreys, “I wanted all the captain’s cut for myself.” Raises Salaries “Well boys, just to keep peace in the family I’ll raise everybody’s salary,” said big-hearted Mai. "Fll give Hump and Bogey .loe twenty grand apiece, for cigarette money. Brock can have $5,000 plus a $50.000 bonus for every touchdowri. “Cec Isbell gets a retirement salary of 10,000 dollars. We Big Ten coaches gotta take care of our married men. “To avoid confusion I'm gonna put a flat rate on the rest of the beef around here. Ten bucks a pound plus one grand for every big shot alumnus friend plus ten grand for every pull with prexy. is the price we'll pay,"
By The Still Water-, Well, folks, reckon as how we'll give you a couple of biograjihies today . . . not fer any good reason, but mostly account of they’re about as boring as anything else . . .
—effcee—
Guess we’ll start out with Ted Henni.s . . . Not because he’s so hot as a football player (or is it golf?) but he’s a purty good sized guy, and would be nice to get a suck with ... A word to the wise, he doesn’t particularly like to be called by his first two names, which incidentally are Theodore Edward . . .
—effcee—
Come to think of it, I guess football is what he tries to play, so I won’t have to rewrite this hash after all. . . Ted is one of Mister ^11ward’s star ends, or centers, or damfino which . . . Notice the mister, Mai, I’ll be around to see you for some more passes . . .
—effcee—
Teddy is one of the bright and shining lights around the Delta Yerpsilum hole (poor boys) . . . His super-intelligence is best exhibited by a i\itty he blurped forth recently, viz. . . . Some dope: "Say, Ted. were you out last night?” . . . Ted (^ith nary a hesitate), “No, not quite” . . . .Vin’t that a \\hiz?
—effcee—
Well, we oughter have a good suck with Theodore by now, so we’ll jiick on somone else ... A turn of the wheel of chance brings Freddy Beretta’s name to view . . . Evc'vbody knows Fred, that stellar jierformer of the nationally known hardwood quintet of Mr. Ward Lambert . . . (Don’t let that fancy name fool you, it’s just "Piggy’’ in
disguise). —effcee—
Now here’s a boy that reely does boin up when you call him Fernando . . . Don’t try it unless you’re in condition and can handle a couple .^of Ijipolito’s and a half dozen Juskai’s with one hand tied behind vour \\ack ... ' ' '
—effcee-—
Fred ain’t so bad if you treat him right, though . . . To look at those nice big brown eyes of his’n one would think he wouldn’t harm sow . . . (Mebbe not—mebbe so, hoo noes?) . . . But boy, oh Boy, y’
Alice Goes To Bat For Red Breslin To replace Captain Tom "Red” Breslin, who received a broken pelvis Monday afternoon sliding into second base. Coach Fehring will shift Alice "Speed-Ball” Parlon who in the last few seasons has developed into one of the besj; "pitchers” in the circuit, to the hot
corner.
,,, Although last year Breslin hit above the .875 mark, his absence will not be felt so strongly if the brunette “pitcher’’ can be converted. Last season, as star moundsman, Alice handled S9 chances, a record for hurlers in chances taken, without a bobble. If. at the hot corner
oughter see him when he gets com- comes through as well, Bres-
menced . . . (Enough of this—there is a limit, even for a ra'/z edition). —effcee— The boys over at tlie male Pi Phi shanty call him King, which iiicidenally doesn’t stand for King Kong He’s a heluva handsome lookOn the tri]) west during Chi'istmas, he says he tried to hang his pm on .Vlyrna Loy . . . Tlie only reason slie didn’t take it tlie sez) is that it wasn’t jewelled . . . .Al'ier all, a gal does liave to look out for lierself ... ■ effcee To be absolutely impartial. 1 suppose »e oughter take an athlete from each sport, but that s t(H) goddam much \vork, so we’ll wind up this column with a few blurps about Jimmy Thompson . . . He’s a corny baseball playef, but Oben-
liii’s hitting will be the onlv loss.
chain knows him, and Oby’s a good guy to have a suck with, too . . . Thompson plays shortstop, I guess . . . he ain’t so 'not as a ball player, but he sure can chaw gum t .’) like a perte'ssional . . . Seems like |lie s a junior ilotible E, but it’s too much work to ioook in the directory to see . . . That’s pretty close, anyway . . . He’s quite a killer with the females, in guy . . . Nice big eyes, the kind that go woo! woo! . . . tWonder how many gals will be out to watch baseball practice this afternoon? . . . - effcee---Aw, shucks, fellers, this could go on forever . , . Guess I’ll ieaye the rest of the page for tk» ad staff to fill up. Goombye. now .THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, March 23. 1938
0
*
Pasquale Conquers All
t u \\(1 ( f ni kUn fans who wtu w uchini, (lu inoccednii’s be limd Inilkt put 1 shitlds Pasqual t\uh hd Uam to Melon ovci dmo-t insuimc untablc odds
Shome Shooter Shays Shistcr Shusie Shimp
vp ( „ , It Cl u ( t Him i c 11 1 il on I '' i^b llii \cw A 11 ) 1 I 1 I I 1 M 1 ite ^ pis It 1 1 1 I !\ ^anuK1 A Pa 11 a CMCh Ph 1 t night outshot In \ 1 c 1 I n ic 1 I ^ i w uli 11^1 s, ^ n 1 hu I
The c\cnt began with a doubles nutch o( ticnu puffs at 90 Paces,” mteinitiinil indioi spoil, w ilh 1( hn T Tolins of Johnseille tak im all hinois The ncxlceenl and list w is 1 fitc foi all Unlimbd im then lis opposing team mem be is steed muzzle to muzzle and I la/i i aw u toi the bcttci pail of thiie eeonds \\hen the smoke had tlcaied inlookeis could easilj see that the \ew Toik team had van 1 hid
( ) T 1 111 lehn
USE 4 UMTED CAB So 4 on Mon’t be (listurbed Phones; 6 t43, 6444
FAIRMAH BROS. ICE CREAH WEST LAFAYETTE
RUNNING A TEMPERATURE? Have a drink of YE TAVERN BEER
LAFAYEITE B
and has established headquarters here again this year. Bock from St. Patricks
till Homecoming. JhsL QhsitdsfiJ^uihL
Brew Better Than Water For Swimmers Says Simon LaBree
Neck In The Fieldhouse—Clevett
Canoes For Couples; Park Benches, Orchids
We Were Wrong
At a secict session of the Tankatecis last eve in the Tieldhouse pool Pswimming coach Slmai La Bite IS lepoited to have addiessed mcmbcis thnsly (quote) ‘Psvvim ming IS a gieat spoil and all that, but if vou caiess the palm of one of those white lacketed men behind the long eonntei at the Blew Bla/ei with one non man you can pswim foi a long, long time in dtlucious BREM ' ’ Questioned fmthei, he stated that (lead on and on and on)
Instead ol Peicival P Schmutz being the winnei ol last Oetobei’s tiddley winks match between Pin due and Smith College toi Women, as stated in last Decemhei’b isbue (we foiget what day it was) vve think that he was the band leadei at one of the im\eis dining that month Ol else he and Dean Dottie Stiatton wtie taught necking at the Anpoit oi we dunno, oh well skip it
A new development in the woild ol spoils flashed with cometaiv'' brilliance up above the hoiizon yesteiday afternoon and exploded in the midst of the Puidue campus to stun the student body with delight and send the faculty into a state of mental and physical wieckage
\ canoe foi tveiy couple and a paik bench siniounded by oi ehids IS oui motto ’ said “Chief Sitting Bull Clevett in on inter view yesteiday Woodworth and I ail getting tiied of having the All pent take ill of our student business in the evening, and we aien t going to stand foi it any loimti ’ Wheieupon he sat down, ])inting Iiom the exeition ol his 1( im hai in.,ue
I he wage s cif the pti Ictaii it aie (lain low consideung the fact that one eoulcmb is thiec times ten to the ninth elect) o static unit at 20 de,^ices centigi ide Imtheimoie if r shiij) pi int pemtiates a tue the tne will flatten links the to wa no an in it te been with in which CISC it will stay '^he same is it was
Bong Bon^ Bon^ 'Midnight
Be n..
Bon.,
Bong
1 ishr
Ben
Bon.,
Bong
\( w
he 1 e s
Be n„
Bong
Bon^
..asjK (1
not Vit
h\ i.1
illv
We te
,.01 ng to
1 ishj
kill Ln t the moon beiiitiful
t( nuht dailin '
PIE I m in no position to
'a>
the idea (levett tiilly leeovcted „it i tink e ai e t
f h Piilessoi Shieve his chaige ( 1 th i1 he ukk d b\ w a\ if i \ 1 Ian ition lies od it ,,etlin,^ lufl In t ml e n (|iiantitits A.nv w n wc 11 icvam]! the wimmin
“Dust It Off”
and "Play Ball’ will soon be heard frequently as the baseball season gets under way As for every other sport, vve have an)thing vou desire for the coming baseball season
DECKER’S
518"20 Main Street
Phone 6477
pool plant flowers around it, put in the fish, and then rent out canoes for the lovesick couple-, while one of the intiamural managers car lies a moon aiouncl the balcony ” Can’t you gist picture the ecstatic beauty of the scene'”’ he minmmcd wavin,., his aim-, but that would be nothing along'-ide ol the Eieldhouse pait of the idea We have already ordered 723 trees and ^187 shrubs to plant m theie and make a pai k out of it, on the „ieen house idea 1 hen we can lent out wooing space ill the yeai lon„. This soil of a piogram will lelegaic the a 11 pint to the mink of the oigot ten p 1st where it belongs he hn ished otl (I t,uess 111 wiile r book that last sentenci his Iitiian jio ibilities) Btei Hotchd Al o till JIooi oJ the ,\mnas Him will he tinned into i kating I ml and theie will be a trboogan slide fiom the tip ol the down to the heel jiailoi which will be instilled in the coaches dressing room All ot the facilities rie al icady theie as we mmht as well take advantaee i t them he added Well thanl i lot I put in quickly, peiceivin^ that he eas in a state ot eidlapsi attei g ring to do all ot this woil on top ol having a haid day oi woik at the Bla/ei 111 let the woild know ri this me mentous epoch makin^ move ’ And then I toie loi the dooi and gist managed to make the stieet as I heaidThe last echoes ot hi yell nig something about puttiiu i chop siiev loint in the fencing i mm die away m the distance
It would take appioximately 180715 9944 glasses of Bock bcci tiom the Choeclate Shop tr hll the new swimming pool You e in have the spare 0051 et a ^lass t r dunk
Seen in the Bla/ei Spuig toot ball playeis tianiing Above the boaid nobodv undei the lab i the whole team
Hm-m-iii'
'Three of a kind’
But we have more than three of a kind of anything that concerns office and school supplies.
HAYWOOD’S
HAYWOOD BUILDING/
Wednesday. March 23. 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
University Co-ed Sprinters Down He-man Tracksters
Fay’s Number One Hit of the Week
Beer, Beer for dear old Purdue Dust off the steins and bring on the brew. Send some Freshman out for gin, Don’t let a sober Sophomore in. We’ll never stagger, we’ll never fall, We’ll sober up on wood alcohol While our loyal sons go marching Onward to Fay’s tap-room.
You’ll Enjoy the Collegiate Atmosphere in
THE GUN CLUB
THE NEXT
TIME
YOUR GAL, OR CAR, FINALLY
BREAKS DOWN, REMEMBER
OUR SLOGAN
After J oil We Come First.
9?
TIRES
BATTERIES
ACCESSORIES
24 HOUR SERVICE'
Peter Anderson Company
Phone 4048
525 Alabama Street
Women Show Speed To Defeat Eds In All Events; Goory Scores lone Point On Lynn Goodwin's Kiss
lJn!vot‘^ltv (o-ed^ rionrit d thnt liold and black ‘'hold- and ‘tael -hoc- v(’-t(‘idav to tome foifn in meat -tvle (not -o much bcaiitv) and establi-h the pi(’-liL,e of thin -e\ amonp: the thinly clad- ot the countiv. T.onu ama--ed at the liublicity mven to ed- toi paiticijiation in -uth held event- Pm due co-cd- decided to -hov the id' )i-t what -|)eod icallv i-
I'h linf tPioi . winnincr b. a " ‘ 'h ti'h iiftb- rni--' -onu Mfdited co-ed^ ''"h ^n-u-ual ah 111' v.h'U othm ' f^'t;‘■hat ' fiunc, 'coipen 'O area ( d ml ‘■pp
ah’ a 1 o ,» ( tiled I-on hi
hithiiu iinifa,d ot b’liPie
Io ( d' . inii't hi
Mcctinu on lannliai -ranipinc, mound-, the Puidue kiinoit toed- deteated \ai-it\ tiacknun in (V ei V event of the dav, lunnm-; lip a total ot hd9 jioint- to 1 to' the ed- Jack CiOoiv -eoitd tin lone point ioi the ed- when Lvnn (.oodwin pau-ed on the la-t laji to ihiovv him a ki--, and couldn’t le-i t hi-ma--ive beautv vviith.ii'-, m pan . -he eained him acio-- the hn-
Vf e 1 1 ae
taih (1 P II <• the ia-‘ 1 O' (
bai a Doh'i r . allv ti ipp( (1 t
Alai Lha \\ ' i i ' an . e ( hocolate ouik hi ,
di-' ipation
-■a'd 11 at k Ab r ' Piu 'V' nit art ail I' all ' hat I V e be e n -a' .n.,j i-t don t 1 fc * ( r r11'l c old B It e 1 Buddi
B lo 1.1 in' n f n m' n -I ip!) a' e n
I I (I f aira n Ba' - ('niU'f 'I la' B o ’ f ’ C1 r oe ' ' ne 1
n
If _vou are one v-ho sows voLir \Mld oats
and slings the fertilizer
freely, vou will be able to replenish your suppi) here.
Vaughans Flo\ser and Garden Seeds Ace Fejrtilizer No. 4-12-4 formulas.
John Sperb Hardware
822 MAIN
O— KJOOd
1 o Look At
That’s how you’ll be after we restore that nciconws to your clothes.
PHONE
3085
FOR 1 REE PICKUP AND DELIVERY
AMERICAN LAUNDRY
BIfiTHE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, March 23. 1938
Co-ed Trackslers
DRIVE A SKY TAXI!
ALL POPULAR BRANDS
doins up by the silvery moon. Cool air conditionsystem included to keep you from becoming overheated.
i/’ B E E R ’1
CASE
3 BOTTLES FOR 25c FRIEDMAN’S GROCERY BEER — WINE — MEATS FROSTED FOODS—FREE DELIVERY 814-816 Main St. Phones 3021—3022
Dame and Wilsons is the onh store, in L a f a y e r t,e where \'ou can hu\- this Benrus Sitznet watch
633 Main Street
Can get so much from his COW . . . .
But it’s impossible for you to drain our STOCK
Blaze a Trail to THE BLAZER
'If
'H!Wednesday, March 23, 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
BOLD and BLACK (Continued from page—This is It!)
nice society . . . well I guess the same would go for her, too. Notice to the University: Much needed about the campus are: (1) Barbed wire fences about John Purdue’s grave ... to cut
down the crowds. It’s getting so you can’t even become a Boilermaker these days. (2) Traffic cop under Heavilon Hall tower for the same reason. ATTENTION, FELLERS Dear Boys: I have a rich aunt. She likes me very much. I like her very much. She’s a swell aunt. Don’t you think so?
Buy ARROW Shirts and Ties at DEWENTER’S 416 MAIN STREET
Arrow New Trump has a 3-honor count!
m im
■ti;
1— A specially woven soft collar for long wear. 2— Mitoga shaped-to-fit. 3— Sanforized-Shrunk—for permanent fit. 4— Authentic style. 6—All this for only $2. ARROfV SHIRTS A new' shirt li one ever shrinks.
My rich aunt told me a secret. This secret was that she, my rich aunt, would give me lots of money, a big home, lots of furniture, and a nice shiny automobile , . . when I get marriecl. I want to get married. How about you? My phone number is 5041 . . . or you can spot me by my gorgeous brown eyes any afternoon in the Debris office. Hopefully, Georgiana Pittman. (i) P. S.: I know I can count on you eds, so I’ve already started my hope chest. G. P. We think there oughta bo a Prom queen. Possibilities for the office: (1) Margaret Richey . . . she’s still a junior in intellect. (2) Jenny Boscoe ... so is she. (.3) Alice Faye . . . she’s almost pretty enough to be a co-ed.
(4) Pittman, she’s got money and can buy her own orchids. And co-ed YWCA, WSGA, and WAA elections are today . . . don’t tell us they are using that old gag about “voting for the girl” again. We looked over the pictures . . . and confidentially, w e can’t find a GIRL in the bunch.
No dirt colyum would be complete without mentioning Call Sadler and his auto(?) Suzy-Q. Call returned from a date the other night and found a hole burned in the back seat. He claims it w'as caused by a cigarette butt . . . butt we have othei ideas. We wonder if Mary Alice w'as Masters of the situation. And it wouldn’t be complete without Bill Bailey’s name. Ask Bill w hat election he's interested in now. We haven’t been able to find out, but we’d sure like to know. Mai be it’s WSGA.
We have the Collar I'^tha.twouldn’twezrout
TN recent tests, the amazing new soft collar on Arrow’s New Trump shirt still looked great after its fiftieth trip to the laundry. Fifty washings are equal to two years of ordinary wear ■—^which is some going for the collar of any shirt. Like the rest of our Arrows, the New Trump is Mitoga form-fit and Sanfor- / ized-Shrunk ... a new shirt« free if one ever shrinks. ARROW^ N£ir TRUMP $2
(^RRoTh2)
S^hStOKIZtD
55^
cM&H.
CROWN LAUNDRY
\
\
1
/
Whether it be a Date
or a Suit, Remember
“Keep It Clean
CROWN LAUNDRY
President 'Fan Dancer' Elliott Pops Der Fuehrer, li Duce Between Eyes Germany and Italy declared war and began active hostilities against Purdue last night, following an unprovoked peashooter attack by President E. C. Elliott .on Hitler and Mussolini while the European big shots were in heavy diplomatic conference over Austria at a .strip-tease palace in Paris. Kis.sed By Chorines
Arresteii and ki.s^ed bv choiine-' and P’icnch gendaimes, Elliott confessed, “I did it because Hitlei hari a mustache anci wa^-n’t a ^enioi . . . and I nevei did like Mussolini aftei that dawn “Vieni Viein” got an ailing on my^ campus ” Released to save mtt inational complications between Uncle Sam and Lady Fiance, Elliott Hew back to the UniVGisitv la-'t nmht on a tii-motoied bioomstick, took tefuge behind a malted milk can in the sweet shop, and inimediatelv called out the Builei makei lescnes The Puidue Student .Mliance hastilc left on an educational exploiatoiy tup to Red Russia, and the L ni veisitv ROTC unit wont into iud mg 111 the Ai m )i \ hast me nt, Ha\J ()i d ( ommanding Battle To ’I he Death No he Ij) at hand, laced with a battle to the death. Elliott bia\cdv met the hist baiiaue ot nastc names with an aeiial attack of
aootv ^ti aw bei 1 If s, using 75 mm. 'poon- foi ni^ maioi atolleiy unit, Pcdlo emg With mar-hmallow shot through 22 mm straws, i recently dc-ilai'd ftK foi U'‘“ bv ‘he U ai Bciaid of ( ontiol) he -non bogged clow ti the enf my F’uidue to c'd- led bo -he track batallion ot Dr ro i- bjauw nneens, sat eel the da. when the,' ajipeaied on the bittci - nc- ot ba-tl* The icscuei' whcttf'd as a amt, faced the onp -mg n >i i and s'liiled T'orntpe f-nii'f na^h front I Osg the ci s. ■ (lOtt in Ilimme' -ave U'C tioin -Lich a fa'c sa\e i-’ In toiupk te di',' 'U' t'o < n* 111 f tc-s II li at( fl 'o • pf _' 1 -- 1 c ‘'‘'•i- y til I ( ndt I (<1 This Pitcher Shoivz . . .
'I !
. . . the pony chorus doing its stud at the semi-annual Eiderdown .‘steciiles last week in Nome. Vlaska. The pomes, shown aboce racing aiound under the t.\ iJital VlaskaU tohage. ale (leading trom the middle to li.ith sides). No. ) No. 1. No. i, and No. 2
Doii't Be A
Style willioiit Starch ARROW HITT Let us show you the Hitt shirt — Arrow's contribution to the comfort of a nation. Hitt boasts an Aroset Collar—trim, yet starchless .. . spruce all day long! Sanforized-Shrunk, and Mitoga form-fit cut. Splendid value at INC.
We Sell Quality Shoes for LESS Varsity Boot Shop West Lafayette
Purdue Exponent Service Directory
® Bookstores
"DEAC" Eve’-ythmer *0^ a College Education H. G. REISNER
® Hardware
EVERYTH'"G H GREW GEE VA'NTS FEOCR WAV I. SPERB HDW. 822 MA’M
SOUTHWORTH'S Rental
Everything lor the Purdun Student • Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
4th (S Main
Phone 5701
• Locksmith
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Lceksruths Automobile key and lock service our specialty. L. C. N. Door Closer Distributors 208-211 N 5th St Phone 2828
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE Acro3S from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784 • Beauty Studio « EXCLUSIVE dFXUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Speciot rm.m - "’n. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Mam Phone 7727h
F - sVv
^jcaL (Ma.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
n^iiticoA
Wednesday, March 23, 1938
’'All Right, Go Ahead and Eat at
r g* r f
i2() MAIN STREET
Who was that lady I saw you outwit last nisht*^
h'amous Last Line —^ If I had knew what a fool would of knew— I’d nevei have did what I done—
II all the woo pitched aiound the LniveisiU weie laid end to end, it would leac-h to the London aiiport and bac-k 900,000 2/3 times.
Let us do your Panting Give Your Heart a Rest
an men s
Prompi. Courteous Ser>iee al Bar or table
serve
tke highest quality heer aud liquors
You take the high road, I’ll take the low road And I’ll get to LAMB’S before
would like a-
*clothinir to jron
CLOTHES SHOP^NC.
Stick Around— 9L tout SootL ComsL the presses It Will Cost You $5.00, But It Is Worth It Only 75 Can Be Taken By Thursday Nile
Some Things Are High but our prices do not rise Quality Suits and Topcoats $21.50 others $19.50 to $35.00 Knox Hat $5.00 Partis Hal $.3.95 Baltimore Clothes
Should See These Things Society Brand Suits Arrow Shirts Bush Coats New Spring Sweaters ^juIibonXINC.
i
xi.