; '4f,)
' ■" i *' ';•»
mmmmmamsmmsmsssmm
i],«
. ■ ;'.v:>.:pr-iM4^
This Newspaper Is Ptibhshed Egcji Morning Of, By, and For Students of Purdue University
0 IHurdue Exponent
WEDNl^II^AY Pecemher 1,19d7 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 66
All America Ratings -ByCHRISTY WALSH-J The names of fhe 10 players listed below, along with 80 that preceded them, will be handed to the All Ameripa Board of Football in its 13 annual session at Chicago. The All Anierica team for 1937 wijil be selected from the total of 90 names and appear exclusively in this newspaper on December 12th, with full details and many special highlights. The meeting of the All America Board will find Pop Warner, football’s grand old man, coming from Philadelphia to represent the East; Howard Jones will journey from the Pacific Coast; Frank Thomas, the southern member, makes a special trip from Alabama, and Robert Zuppke runs over from nearby Illinois to argue for the Middle West. The wi’iter is the fifth member of the board. These annual meetings have been intensely interesting but equally serious. Before the final 11 players for 1937 are selected, there will be hours of debate, telegrams submitted from observers and long distance phone calls to coaches and others “on the spot.” The Board does not aim to name the “most popular” All America lineup—but one that is independent, and selected in spite of, rather than because of a player’s publicity. The Board does not select a second or third string All America and the question of geographical representation is of no importance. ISBELL. Purdue. Halfback. Driving his pAnts 50 to 60 yards, hurling touchdown passes 30 to 40 yards in the arms of a teammate and kicking a snow-soaked ball squarely over the crpss-bar for an extra point, set the stage for this triple-threat wizard to score the winning touchdown in the last' two minutes of the game and defeat an ancient rival for the first time in four years. > BERSHAK. JMorth Carolina. End. Jake Wade, Charlotte Observer, rates Bershak as the best end he has ever seen. In every game this year opposing coaches have assigned two men against Bershak and on ‘occasions, three. He. is a sensational pass receiver, uncanny in recovering fumbles, a deadly tackier, hard charger, great blocker, and fast downfield under punts, where he Invariably nails his man. ZARNAS. Ohio State. Guard. This powerful right guard whose unique style of line play has confounded opposition linesmen throughout the 1937 season, rose to new heights against Michigan and was the most conspicuous foi^ward player on the field. He bounces around like a hard rubber ball and is perhaps the most deceptive lineman in the Middle West. KING. Minnesota. End. Stopping the Wisconsin sweeps and piling up interference throughout the game, this veteran end justified his claim to top rating in the Western Conference and incidentally rates as the best player to receive the least advertising during the current season. (Continued on page 4)
Uninii
Three Political Groups Begin Open Campaigning With the passing of the deadline for return of signed Prom and Gala week petitions last night, the campus is today launched upon its second season of wide-open campaigning. An all-time record number of juniors, each with definite political affiliations and obligations, is aspiring for the coveted positions of Prom committee-
men. With but one exception, the petitions taken out November 23 were returned, literally covered with signatures. Only unafiiliated petitioner, L. A. Jacobson, failed to return his paper, thus he is adtomatically eliminated from competition. / “Hottest Election Yet” As seniors scratched their heads, observing, “It’s going to be the hottest election we have ever seen,” alert politicians framed their allimportant platforms. Say the newborn Square Dealers, “We can and will furnish written proof for each plank of our platform.” Square Deal campaign manager, (Continued on page 2)
A. R. Rolfs Will Speak On Book Popularity A. R. Rolfs, of the University Englfeh department, will discuss the causes of the popularity of certain books, in a talk tonight at 7:30 in the Union browsing room. In his discussion on “Popular Books—Pdrnicious or Profitable,” Rolfs will explain the popularity of books on the basis of their true worth, rather than because they may be best-sellers. Rolfs, who has been giving a series of literary talks over WBAA, also writes book reports for Chicago newspapers. *
Ag Student Wins World ^8 Reserve Junior Corn Title ‘ Stanley Hhrst, freshman in the school of agriculture, was awarded the reserve junior corn championship title of the world yesterday as Indiana missed one place making a clean sweep of all major corn winnings at the International Livestock and (Jrain show in Chicago. William Curry of Tipton was crowned corn king of the world for the second time. University entries continued to bring down their share of blue ribbons in the ckttle, hog and sheep arenas yesterday. In the Poland China fkt barrow show. University barrows placed first in the 160 to 200 pound division and came away with the reserve champion ribbon. Barrows Take Second University owned Chester White barrows won reserve championship honors and the University’s Hampshire in the middleweight class was breed champion. Purdue’s cattle broke into the big money for the first time yesterday (Continued on page 2)
Prom Parties Announce Platforms
Personnel . Notes
Editor’s Note: This column will be run in the Exponent about twice a week and will include Information about job opportunities for seniors, methods of applying: for jobs, and about general work of University students.
Tau Beta Pi, national engineering honorary, will offer again this year a tutoring service for students desiring aid in their studies. Under the sponsorship of Tau Beta Pi, students desiring help will be directed only to competent tutors who have been approved by the head of the department teaching the subjects in which the tutors specialize. A uniform price of 60 cents per hour will be charged by tutors. Students desiring help in their studies should call at the personnel office in the Executive Building. Upperclassmen who wish to tutor may file theii^' applications! at the personnel office, subject to the approval pf the faculty and Tau Beta Pi. . —0-0— Proctor and Gamble Company will intei^pw senior ^ecjianical an4 chemical engineers today in the personnel office.
Bona-Fide Party “Bona Fide Will Satisfy.” In this brief slogan, we of the Bona Fide party summarize our aims. We do not intend to conduct a long wordy campaign, or to cloud the issues with farfetched campaign promises. Our prime consideration is satisfaction. We feel that the Junior Prom is primarily for the members of the ‘junior class and shall be conducted with their interest as our sole aim. Throughout our pre-election campaign and in the months afterward, if we are elected, we will strive to fulfill these specific aims: 1. Conduct a poll of popular bands, with the juniors casting the votes. 2. Hold a popular election for Prom Queen by all juniors, the election to be sponsored by the Junior rrom eoiiiiiiittec. 3. To obtain, through the WSGA, as late hours as possible for the girls. 4. To handle Prom finances in such a manner as to give the students the maximum return on their investment. A vote for the Bona Fide party will be a vote for yourselves in protecting your interests in your Prom.
Square Deal Party In disbelief of the time-worn platforms of former prom tickets. The Square Deal Party wishes to set forth in black-and-white—once and for all—the planks of the platform upon which they will stand; if the class of ’39 should see fit to make them the 1938 Junior Prom Committee: 1. To hold the 1938 Junior Prom in Purdue’s new Fieldhouse. 2. To sell 2,000 tickets for Prom —thus being financially equipped to hire—subject to the approval of the University—one of the best dance orchestras in the country. 3. To secure for the Fieldhouse a dance floor large enough to easily accommodate 2,000 couples. 4. To lower the price of tickets from $4 to $3—and to guarantee that the price will go no higher than that. 5. To consult student opinion on every major issue raised concerning Prom through the columns of the Exponent. C nn., -.lanlr It. U. XU gUCiiCmi/v-U u.uijr this platform to the last degree. (Copyright Applied For) / Iron-clad backing for every plank in the above platform will be printed in the Exponent within the near future—^including a budget showing how it will be financially possible to cary out the proposed plan. The feasibility of “The Square Dealers’ ” platform has the sanction of University officials.
All-Campus Party If elected to membership of the Junior Prom Committee, we shall: 1. Secure and announce one of the nation’s foremost “name” Bands before Junior Prom tickets are put on sale. 2. Utilize cash receipts over and above the cost of the orchestra for presenting more elaborate decorations and more unique programs than have been presented in the past. 3. Secure as late hours as-pos-sible for co-eds. ' 4. Maintain campaign expenses at a minimum, in order that the members of the committee may he chosen upon their personal merits rather than upon expensive propa ganda. With this platform' we will give every Prom-goer his money’s worth in dancing, decoration, favors, and entertainment comparable to an equivalent expenditure in any ultramodern ballroom or night club.
Editor’s Note: One of the Junior Prom platforms printed above is considerably longrer than the other two. Last nig'ht on request the Exponent increased the space aUottment to 225 words. The Exponent, however, is and will remain absolutely impartial., Each of the three Prom and Gala Week parties will be allowed an equal amount of publicity. Platforms for Gala Week parties must be turned in at the Exponent office by 8 p. m. tomorrow for publication in Friday’s paper.
Cast Your Ballot For Fairest Co-ed
Have you ballotted yet for your campus beauty ? Who, in your opin- ^ ion, is the most beautiful gal on our fair campus ? Will popular campus opinion coincide with that of Debris officials who have the burden of making the momentous decision on next Saturday night a^, the Varsity Show ? In order to voice your opinion, tear out the above ballot, fill it out and deposit it in the Exponent box at the main Union desk. For'the first time in many years, the contest will be free to the general public. Bud Bryant and his orchestra will lead a myriad of stars into the Varsity Show this Saturday. Among the entertainers will be Ruth Swift, Hank Bremer, Mary Ed Johnston, Russ Mock, Andy Nemeth, and Bill Ash and Clark Langworthy. Some of the tunes the audience will be humming are “Josephine,” “Darkness on the Delt^,” “Anchors Aweigh,” and “I’ve Got My Heart Set on You.”
Purdue Exponent Institute Of Campus Opinion DEBRIS BEAUTY BALLOT Name Four In Order of Your Choice 1 : \ 2 3 4 : Your Name School and Class
9S Delegates Eighteenth Annual Convention Wilt Officially Start Tomorrow Morning Between 90 and 100 delegates, representing College Unions throughout the whole of the United States, are arriving at the University today for the Association of College Unions’ eighteenth annual convention. Although the convention proper is officially scheduled to start tomorrow morning, delegates are expected to register in time to participate'in campus tours starting at 3 this afternoon.
p/iv/o
£./?05S.
Varsity Debaters Will Play Host At Debate Conference Registration . . . Big Ten debate . .. district meetings . . . banquet . . playshop play . . . coaches’ meeting . . . campus tour . . . general session ... practice debates .. i so reads the itinerary for the eighth annual high school debate conference, meeting here Friday, for a two-day session. Friday afternoon the debaters and their coaches will hear the Purdue varsity team,' consisting of Joe Rittenhouse and Wayne Fredericks, debate Wisconsin, followed by a critique and decision by Professor J. H. McBurney of Northwestern University’s school of speech. After this meeting, the conference is scheduled to banquet in the Memorial Union ballroom, where they will be entertained by the Purdue Concert Choir, and hear a short address by Albert P. Stump, prominent Indianapolis attorney. Visiting debaters will attend the Friday night performance of “Hell Bent Fer Heaven,” where the entire house has been reserved for them.
Co-eds Brave Wintry Blasts With Etare Legs, Say Anklets Are Much Warmer
By Jim McKee With snow covering the ground, with the temperature hovering around the freezing point, and snow flurries in the air, why do Purdue cq-eds persist in wearing ankle socks ? Is it the style ? Is it comfortable ? The other day while walking between University Hall and Stanley Coulter Hall, your reporter saw no less than 20 pair's of bare legs. One. can’t help noticing and looking at those bare legs—^for, my goodness, we all like art—but they do look
cold.
Is this done because of custom or for comfort? Co-ed Defense Ruth Osborne defended her bare legs by saying, “I always wear short socks in the winter. My legs aren’t cold, either.” ' Janet Humphreys looked at ankle socks and silk hose in a different way. “I have chem lab in the afternoon, and I spill acid on my silk hose. I’d rather have the acid on my legs than on my hose.
When Victoria Milea was questioned as to ■‘whether the silk hose she wore served as a protection against the wintry winds, she said emphatically, “No!” Jane Oui'and was asked why she wore ankle socks over her silk hose. “It’s the style here,” Jane said, “and they keep my feet warm.” Bare Legged Archers Last week the co-eds were matching their strength against the ■-strength of the noi'th wind, blowing across the range jn front of the Executive Buijding. It was so cold the female Robin Hoods wore coats, ear-muffs, and gloves. One blonde wore a fur coat, but alas, anklets. The following afternoon we bumped into this co-ed in the Exponent office. She roared, sayipg, “Boys don't know anything about girPs legs. If they weren’t wearing ankipts they’d we^r si^k hose. The anklets are much warmer than fibie hose. Is that what interested you?**
It was.
The University’s Board of Trustee’s chairman, David E. Ross, will give official welcome to incoming delegates at an informal dinner in the faculty lounge tonight at 6. Long a figure in all University promotional activities, David Ross had no little part in the successful completion of the Purdue Memorial Union. During all of the years of its planning and construction, he was chairman of the Building Committee for the Union. Directing and planning the program for the three day gnathering are Union Manager Lloyd M. Vallely, president of the Association, and senior Student Union board members Sheetz, Putze, Stallings, and McLeod. Today’s program is as follows: Afternoon 3:00—Gathering in men’s lounge and browsing room of Union for beginning of campus tours. 3:30—^Executive Building. 3:40—Fieldhouse. 4:00—Men’s Residence Halls. 4:10—^W^en’s Residence Halls. 4:30—Airport. 6:00—Informal Dinner in faculty lounge. 7:30—Billiard Competition. 8:30—Bowling C!ompetition. 9: OO-j—Informal Entertainment. Talk Oh Exponent Will Open Union Activities Bureau Conducting the opening session of the newly formed Union Activities Bureau tomorrow at 4 o’clock in the room next to the browsing room, J. E. Brock, managing editor of the Exponent, will discuss his publication for the benefit of students who are interested in the paper or in journalism in general. With charts, ‘official gripe sheets,’ sample personnel blanks, ‘dogs.’ and other choice bits of office paraphernalia, to illustrate his talk, he will discuss the work, chances for promotion, and rewards of workers on the Exponent, and will offer an opportunity to a few students to work on the paper. (Continued on page 2)1
■:; :
iy'’'' ' I gfW'l!!?-"' .
jl0i
J ij^l, ^ i/4 J
THE POBOUE EXPONENT
f
The Editor
the Purdue Exponent
Purdue’s Union Is The Mecca.. ... of delegates from the Association of College Unions this week. Approximately 100 representatives from members of that association and from other institutions interested in union work will gather at the University today for the opening of their eighteenth annual convention. This union of unions represents the interests of many thousand college'' students throughout the nation . . . interests that are increasing and expanding continually. Out of its convention here this week will come a transfer of ideas and a discussion of mutual problems which will enable the unions to serve better their function in student education. Out of it may come also the founding of unions at colleges that are not fortunate enough to include a union building in their physical plant, that are not fortunate enough to have available union educational and recreational facilities for their students. Several factors are contributing to the growth of the unions’ importance to their universities: they are undergoing the natural growth of an infant institution, for they are comparative newcomers to our educational system; they house a great number of our student organizations, which are increasing in number and in work, which are assuming more value in the eyes of college graduate employers; and they provide the recreational center which present day emphasis on leisure time activities makes necessary. College unions are gradually becoming deserving of the name they boast: union. “Union” infers the bringing together of two or more things, or the resulting state of this process. Take our own Union, for instance. First there was the idea, the dream of such an institution ; there was the long fight to establish it; there was and is the memorial conception of the Union; there is the actual building; there are the students, past and present, and their organizations; and the management.
MEMBER K*n$oM MscoNsm Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of Mai^ 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1017, authorised Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions ?3 per year; by mail $8.60. hbprbsented for nationau advertisino bV Nat ionaS AdvertisingService, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO - BOSTON - LOS ANGELES - SAN FRANCISCO MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phorie 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union' Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief
Bnsiness Manager
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor. —3. E. Brock Associate Editors.... ....._. D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, G. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary —Margaret Sa'wyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager........ ....J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager. ...W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager .... _.R. R. Hensfer Circulation Manager.. M. C. Reeves
CO-ED STAFF
Editor......' Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors.... Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin
Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF .....^ R. F. Obenchaln J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald,
B. D. Witwer
Editor Associate Editors..
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide 'ivith the official University vie'wpoint. .AILunsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Issue Editor—Woodson Night Editor—Stanback Wednesday, December 1, 1937
The Purdue Union is not one of these things but a combination, a union of them all. Today and the rest of this week the doors of the Purdue Memorial Union and of the Uni versity itself are thrown open to convention delegates, to visit, to inspect, and to enjoy. We hope their four-day stay here will be both pleasant and informational.
Mohticello A. and M. College (Arkansas) students found Prof. B. C. Bradshaw’s inclina'iions to fail students in his chemistry courses most objectionable. In active protest, a number of the progressive youths tossed the offending instructor into the campus fishpond. Who ever said our rock garden pool was strictly for study and observation purposes of the botany classes ? A new method of dealing with the perpetual flunker has been suggested by surveys which show that when college students get married they usually get higher marks. Each prospective student should be given a comprehensive examination before admittance. Then if the mark received is too low, the prospective student should be admitted only on the condition that he or she get married, suggests the Temple University News. But there’s still one probefii that’s puzzling the boys. What chance has a fellow with the girl who flunks cooking ? * * * * Featured by Robert “Believe It or Not” Ripley on his weekly broadcast recently, was an Alabama co-ed who actually spurned an appointment to Annapolis. A campaign against “daylight petting and hand holding’’ has been launched by officials of the University of Oklahoma. ***>!: The long and short of “It” came up for discussion in the annual humorous debate between the men’s and women’s honorary speech societies at the University of Michigan. The question was “Resolved that the charm of a woman varies inversely with her size.” The male element upheld the affirmative side, while the feminine stand was one for defense.
ATO Elects Officers New officers of Alpha Tau Omega social fraternity elected recently are W. C. Rogers, president; C. G. Bigelow, chaplain; A. J. Vitale, scribe; D. W. Prush, treasurer; M. B. Paullus, keeper of the annals; W. K. Alillholland, usher; and N. H. Shea, sentinel.
By Sally McKee Should one stop eating until a waiter has finished refilling a cup, pouring a beverage or rearanging the table ? By all means. Think of the waiter. How inconvenient it would be for the waiter to have to move in and out while one is conveying food to the mouth. The waiter is doing you a service; all rules of etiquette command that you return his attention by politeness. And think of the accidents possible, were your hand to interfere with his attentions! You say, perhaps, that stopping causes an awkward situation. Not necessarily. You are supposedly not so ravenous that you can't wait, and furthermore, conversation can easily continue uninterrupted.
Ag Student Wins--(Continued from page 1)
w;hen a Shorthorn won first in his class and a group of three Shorthorns placed third. In the sheep show, University Rambouillets won the wether lamb class, the pen of three exhibit, and came away with the champion wether of the breed. The Schropshire entry had already won championship of its breed. Illinois succeeded in taking away the grand championship of the wether show with its 96 pound Southdown entry. Engineers Will See Movie December 8 Movies dealing with the construction of the Golden Gate Bridge at San Francisco, Cal., will be shown at a joint meeting of the student chapters of the ASCE, the ASME, the ASChE, and the AIEE, December 8 at 7:30 p. m. in the large lecure room of the Electrical Engineering Building. The Bethlehem Steel Company has loaned this film to the group. The picture will show fj^e various types of engineering that were used in the construction of this bridge.
W B A A Programs
—Today— 11:00—American Institutions, Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:50—Purdue News Plashes. 12:00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks. 12:15—Social Security Talk. 12:20—rLuncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Sports Review by Bob Heine. 12:45—Dick Kellar, pianist. 1:00—Meditations, Rev. Doyle Mullen. 1:15—-Vocational Guidance, by Dr. J. A. Estey. 1:30—The Monitor Views the News. 1:45^—Market and Weather Reports. 2:00—Lafayette Grade School Program. ^ 2:15—This Week in Literature A. R. Rolfs. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—Hymn Echoes, Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 3:00—The Home Decoi’ator. 3:15—The American Scene. 3 :30-^—Music with the Masters. 4:00-—The Story Book Hour. -;4:15—Marjory Starrett. 4:30—Better Vision. 4:45—Twilight Musicale.
University Calendar
—Today— Playshop: Ticket office open from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Registration-Association of College Unions Tour of Campus: Union Building at 2 p, m. Women’s Pan Meeting: Room D of the Union Building at 4:30 p. m. Association of College Unions’ Dinner: Faculty lounge of the Union at 6 p. m. Camera Club Meeting: Reception room of the Union Building at 7 p. m. ' Campus Cooking Class: Room B of the Union at 7 p. m. Eta Kappa Nu Meeting: Room P of the Union at 7 p.,m. Horticultural Club Meeting: Room 202 of the Horticulture Building at 7 p. m. New Testament Class: Room C of, the Union at 7 p. m. Tippecanoe County Alumni Meeting; Faculty lounge of the Union at 8 p. m.
Three Polifiral(Continued from page 1)
newcomer A1 Ehlers, sophomore Butler transfer,. offers a complete Prom and Gala Week ticket. Members of the Prom ticket are Betty Jo Sexton, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Mary Cooley, unorganized; T. Ippolito. Theta Chi;. T. Garland, unorganized; B. Petry, Acacia; D. Glover unorganized; and C. Liming, Lambda Chi Alpha. Their Gala Week candidates are Jean Small, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Vii’ginia Slocum, D. Baals, and R. B. Davis, unorganized; J. Seaborg, Theta Chi; and E. N. Cox, Acacia. Prom By, Of Juniors “A Prom for, by, and of the juniors,” is the aim of the veteran Bona Fide ticket, new to voters mainly in name. Offering a complete roster of 13 men, their Prom ticket is made up of E. L. Armstrong, Pi Kappa Phi; J. D. Baker, Delta Tau Delta; P. W. Eckstein, Kappa Sigma; J. L. Gobble, unorganized; W. K. Millholland. Alpha Tau Omega; G. T. Swan, Phi Delta Thete; and Martha Smith, Chi Omega. On the Bona Fide Gala Week portion of the ticket are H. L. Slone, Kappa Delta Rho; R. C. Martin, Beta Theta Pi; J. R. O’Connor, Phi Kappa; J. E. Goory, unorganized; Jean Perkins, Pi Beta Phi; and J. C. Sanders, Triangle. Band Before Ticket Sales Pledging to announce the band before starting ticket sales, the AllCampus, alias the Seven Aces of last year, is putting up 11 candidates. For Prom they list, F- Baase and Martha Whitehead, unorganized; C. S. Meier, Alpha Kappa Lambda; R. J. Ruth, Theta Xi; R. M. Sasser, Alpha Chi Rho; E. S. Mason, Pi Kappa Psi; and W. H. Smith, Phi Gamma Delta. Their four Gala Week candidates are Fay Pendergrass and N. M. Parkhurst, unorganized; D. 0. Thompson, Sigma Chi; and R. C, Schenk, Pi Kappa Alpha. W^SGA Will Entertain College Union Visitors Women’s Self-Government Association will entertain the visiting Union'delegates at a tea in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union at 4:16 Thursday afternoon. Arrangements for the tea, which is being sponsored by the W$GA executive board, are in charge of Betfy Jo Sexton and Betty Elstun, Approximately 50 guests are expected to attend this tea, which is one of several social gatherings being planned fer the delegates at this conference.
Wednesday* December 1,1937
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Lorelei Lorna McLeod, out drumming up dates for delegates coming here for the Union convention, had marked success with Pifi pledges. They signed up practically 100 per cent. * May we offer the following bits of advice to these intrepid Pifis-to-be: 1. Being a “convention girl” requires finesse . .. read “Convention Girl,” an article in November Esquire for pointers. 2. There are other conventions coming ... why not perfect a technique and become a professional. .. 3. As this is p Union convention, it would be a good time for you to set a minimum wage scale. - Gomes this amusing tayle in the mails concerning one of the Purdue’s ex-coeds, the erstwhile Ann Daugherty . . . now Mrs. Dave Williams : While preparing the evening meal our Annie spied a mouse. Yelping wildly and jumping a jump that would make the Decathlon champion green with envy, she reached the top of the kitchen table ... and there she stayed until Dave came home from work and rescued her. Speaking of mice . . . there were several loose in the reserve room of the Library last night. Co-eds yelped and screamed until two brave (?) eds cornerd one mouse in a radiator and executed him with a pair of scissors borrowed from the librarian.
I >
‘It’s SO much cozier to stay in bed Monday mornings with these heavy, warm Sunday editions!”
Photo Club Plans Snapshot Exhibit Intended to be a feature of the annual convention of the Association of College Unions, the Photo Club is planning a special exhibit for tomorrow’s meeting. The exhibit, composed of photographs taken by members of the club, will be arranged tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the music room of the Union Building. Pictures will be judged at 7:30. A Lafayette commercial photographer and "two townspeople have been asked to act as judges for the display. Prizes consist of a grand prize and awards under each of the following classes: Portraits, Babies and Animals, Landscape, Snow and Water Pictures, and Miscellaneous photographs, the last subject further divided into Still Life, and Buildings.
“Transatlantic Merry-Go-Round” with Jack Benny Nancy Carroll Gene Raymond March of Time News - Cartoon
STARTS TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE DOUG FAIRBANKS, Jr. VALERIE HOBSON in “WHEN THIEF MEETS THIEF” m
BOBBY BREEN MARION CLAIRE in “MAKE A WISH”
ARC
—LAST DAY— TOR McLAGLEN ALTER CONNOLLY PETER LORRE in nUCYSfEELF IS MISSINSr JUIiUIN£*RCH^iqir —AUSO— Kermit Maynard in “Galloping Dynamite’^ ,
Talk On Exponent(Continued from page 1)
Information Designed to inform students of the various phases of each activity on the campus, the Activities Bureau will be open every weekday from 4 till 5:30 o’clock with soi'^eone present to advise -the student interested in campus activities. Every Tuesday and Thursday some activity or group of activities will conduct the session, explaining to those interested the nature of their organization and requirements for it. Union vice-president L. A. Jacobson, in charge of the bureau, announces that all people interested whether University students or not, are invited and urged to attend the sessions.
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent
\ P R E S E* II T S
atarrine SYLVIA SIDNEY JOEL McCREA HUMPHREY BOGART STARTING TOMORROW WARNER BAXTER JOAN BENNETT in “VOGUES OF 1938” IN COLOR
—LAST DAY—
with Leo Carrillo Jean Parker STARTING THURSDAY GLENDA FARRELL IN ■ Adventurous Blonde” —Plus— ANN SJHERIDAN JOHN LITEL in “ALCATRAZ ISLAND”\
s
k
k
Wedqesdoy, December 1,1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Four Teams Remain In
« I I
Touchball Elimination Another interfraternity touchball season is drawing to a close, with four teams still in the running and three more contests to be played before the championship is decided. Theta Chi fraternity earned the right to participate in the finals when they defeated the Sig Chi’s in one of the semifinal games. Also still in the championship race are the Alpha Tau
Omega’s, Phi Celt’s and Phi Kappa Tau’s
Phi Belts Play Today
Phi Delta Theta is scheduled'to meet Phi Kappa Tau today in the last of the quarter-final games; the Phi Belt’s capie into the running after defeating Betq Sigma Psi. Phi Kappa Tau reached the quarterfinals when they set back the Phi Pi Phi’s in a close battle. In the semi-final division the 11 representing the ^TO’s clinched their eligibility bj^ walloping the Delta Chi’s which automatically put the ATO’s in the semifinals. They will play they winner of the Phi Belt’s and the Phi Kappa Tau’s for the right to meet the Theta Chi’s in the finals.
Patronize JExponent Advertisers
Golden Gloves Bouts Slated For December 10
<»
“Punchy” Maxwell, Boilermaker boxing coach, is working his boys ddily in preparation ior the first Golden Gloves eliminations, which are scheduled for December 10 in the new Fieldhouse. The ring will be set up on the east end of the basketball floor. Admission to the boqts will be by student passport. The two top men in the eliminations will compete in the Lafayette Journal and Courier Golden Gloves meet that is held each year in the Lafayette Armory. The winners in this tourney travel to Chicago to fight in the finals.
Special Xmas Offer For Trips of _ 1000 MILES OR MORE % For the Christmas Holidays we are able to make attractive offers on trips of 1,000 miles or more. You will save money besides having the convenience of a car equipped with a heater. Phone 6455 or stop ii^ and see us. ROGER’S U-DRIVE-IT-YOURSELF SYSTEM
Kappa Sigs Bowl Over SPE Quintet Five Kappa Sigs came out on top in the semi-finals in b|Owling last night, rolling against th6 SPE quintet and knocking over a total of 2,518 pins against 2,418 pins downed by the SPE’s. High point man on the winning team was John David who bowled a 217 score and a 4.93 high individual average. The triumphant Kappa Sigs will be tossed against the Triangle pin-men next Tuesday night instead of the scheduled'match which was to be held tomorrow evening.
Women’s Athletics
WAA riflery practice, under the direction of Doris Christenson, has been under way for several weeks. Each participant must have seven practices by December 2 to be eligible for the intramural tournament which will begin December 6. The practice schedule for December 1: 6:15—Ward 3. 7:00—Make-up. 7:45—Theta. 8:30—Pi Phi. The schedule for December 2: 6:15—Phi Mu and Pedalion. 7:00—Chi Omega. 7:45—Kappa. 8:30—Make-up. Follpwing demonstration games of shuffleboard, ping-pong and deck tennis, yesterday, all girls were given an opportunity to sign up foi participation in these activities. These call-outs resulted in 50 entering both the shuffleboard and ping-pong tournaments, under the direction of Virgima Blank. Forty girls signed up for deck tennis, headed by Margaret Jenkins. The schedules for these tournaments will be posted Friday afternoon.
Be The Early Bird I Merchants are ready with the finest display of Christmas merchandise ever assembled. The streets are ablaze with colorful lights—the shops decked in gay holiday attire. The whole city is transformed into a festival of merry making. This is a ^ picture of Lafayette. Do your shopping in Lafayette before going home Christmas.
Patronize Local Merchants
Vaudeville Events Will Be Features Of Water Show By J. S. Brown The first annual Aquacade, slated for this Friday and Saturday nights promises to be much more than just a few swimmers splashing around. The Dolphin and Triton Clubs, cosponsors of the affair, have laid plans to make the affair a real vaudeville show, as well as an excellent demonstration of first-class swimming and diving. Jerry Ciral will be master of ceremonies for the affair. He will act in the capacity of announcer and commentator, in which roles he should perform creditably, if his many past public performances in campus productions can be used as a basis for judging. Jerry’s most recent appearance was in the Black and Tan Fantasy given by the Union on Thanksgiving Day, when he put on several clever impersonations. Swimming Sisters An unusual swimming event will be presented by two girls, Jackie Nicholson, a freshman co-ed here in the University, and her 14 year old sister, Billie. The girls are from Chicago, where they are members of the Lake Shore Athlbtic Club. Both girls hold Central AAU titles, Jackie has swum in every national AAU meet for the last seven years. The sisteis, besides demonstrating different types of racing strokes and turns, will present a fancy swimming duet. Claudia Eckhart on Program Claudia Eckhart, nationally famous diver and holder of the Women’s National Highboard Diving Championship, will be assisted by Barbaia Cook, sophomore co-ed, in giving a diving exhibition that will present several new and intricate dives and duet events. P 0 M M Initiates 15 Junior Pledges Purdue Order of Military Merit initiated 15 junior pledges in a formal ceremony last night in room 202 of the Armory. The new initiates are: R. W. Oyler, R. 0. Dirmeyer, D. R. Vance, J. E. Craig, D. A. Williams, M. E. Flater, R. B. Coen, R. E. Heine, J. M. Rudolph, R. R. Hannas, W. L. Hostetler, H. R. Mitchell, P. T. Frangos, J. D. Bowen, and R. L. Richardson. Immediately after the ceremony, the order held a short meeting at which they perfected plans for presentation of decorations to the winners of the various competitions. Cadet Lieutenant-Colonel, P. S. Emrick, captain of the local order, urges kll members to be present at Corps Day tomorrow for presentation of the “Crack Battery” medals.
Peterson Promises Treat To Purdue Billiard Fans
Cue Artist
Fencers Planning Holiday Contests In Empire State As far as long trips aie concerned, Purdue’s football squad hasn’t a thing on Professor Finney’s fen cers. The swordsmen will spend a portion of their Christmas vacation in New York and New Jersey, where they will engage St. Johns of Brooklyn, Seton Hall^of Newark, N. J., New York University, and City College of New York, both located in New York City. This schedule was arranged with some difficulty, because of the Chistmas holidays that disbanded the majority of the Eastern fencing teams. Big Ten Schedule The Big Ten schedule of the squad has been completed but is tentative at present. The only certain dates of meets are Decembei 11, when the Pmneymen journey to Chanute Field at Rantoul, 111., to encounter the team representing the Army Aviation school there, and on January 8, when the Boilermakers will meet Illinois here in a Big Ten match. A squad of seven men will make the trip to New York by automobile, these seven men being awarded places on the squad from the results of a round robin tournament going on at present. The team is led by co-captains Jim Seaborg and John McWilliams. St. John’s will be the first competition, the date being December 28, while Seton Hall on December 29, New York University on December 30, and City College of New York on December 31, will round out the Eastern trip. This will be the Gold and Black fencing team’s initial eastern journey.
By Jerry Collins Charles “Show me a shot I can't make” Peterson, of the National Billiard Association, and the world’s most spectacular cueist will again appear in the game room of the Memorial Union tomorrow at 4 and 7 o’clock. “Pete” has been coming to Purdue twice every year since 1931, and those who were fortunate enough to have seen the master cueist on any of his visits here are eager to again watch the expert perform stunts with the ivory balls which apparently break every law of physics. 100 Points, 26 Seconds One of the most astonishing of achievements in the history of billiards was when he made 100 points in 26 seconds to win the world championship. No billiard expert has ever closely approached this record. Another of his most remarkable lecords is the total of 12,246 points on an average of 100 points in 47 seconds. These records were made by straight carom shots, and when Peterson gets in full swing he clicks off the points so fast the human eye IS just able to follow them. Squash Team Opens Season With Two Decisive Victories Opening the season m an auspicious manner, the Boilermaker squash team defeated two Dayton, 0., teams Saturday with the loss of but one match. The squad scored a clean sweep in a match with the Dayton YMCA, winning 5-0, but dropped the only point of the day in the match with an officers’ team from Wright Air Field, for a 4-1 victory. Captain Lucek led the team with two wins, and was accompanied by Wakefield, Sokolowsky, and Juve, who also won both of their matches. Linn was the victim in the only Purdue defeat, but gave his opponent a fight before falling, 3-2. Holiday Trip Coach Clevett will take the team on an eastern trip during Christmas holidays, ivith three matches definitely arranged at present and another almost certain. On December 27, the Gold and Black team will face Pennsylvania in Philadelphia and hopes to arrange a match with Princeton for the following day. The team will then move to New York to play Yale and Harvard on the 29 and 30 of the month.
BETTER HEALTH FOR OUR BOYS AND GIRLS.. . PROTECT THEM AGAINST TOBERCULOSIS, THE DISEASE THAT STILL LEADS AS A CAUSE OF DEATH BETWEEN 15 AND 25 tUY and USE CHRISTMAS SEALS The NotioaoL Slot*, oad Local Tuboicakiabi AMOciattoaa ia tlio Qaitodl StsatM
Basketball —^Today— COURT 1-—Aronson, referee. 7:00—Kappa Delta Rho. 7:15—Ward 1 vs. Cary Hall 2. 8:25—Ward IIC vs. Ward 13A. 8:40—Cary Hall 3 vs. Ward IIX. COURT 2—Smithson, referee. 7:00—Ward 13B vs. Ward 12. 7:15—Alpha Chi Rho vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 8:25—Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Chi. COURT 3—Michael, referee. 7:00—Beta Theta Pi vs. Delta Tau Delta. 7:15—Delta Chi vs. Kappa Sigma. 8:25—Delta Upsilon vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Touchball -TodayField 8— Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa Tau—J uillard-Boyer. 9— Cary Hall E-3 vs. Cary Hall N-3 —Leppla.
LEARN TO DANCE ENROLL IN OUR NEW BEGINNER’S CLASS For Ladies and Gentlea&w Wed., Dec. 1, 7:00 P. M. ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN THURS., DEC. SND , PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S eth&FcrryLuxton To Address ah America
HE Survey Meeting
(Continued fiom page 1)
Maiv Luxton HE ’<^6 ^^ho is teaching home economics in South Bond, amII discu''-' “Teaching Home Economic''' at a meeting of the class in sui vev of home economics Decembei 2 at 11 a m in the Home Economics Aiiditoiium Dining the semestei the vaiious fields of home economics aie discussed bv diffeient speakeis with the fiishmen co eds in the survey class The co eds, aftei these talks, aio lequiied to select the particular phases of home economics in which the\ wish to specialize Foundation To Sponsor Chili Supper Tonight Weslev Foundation wnll sponsor a chill suppei tonight at 5 o’clock, at the Foundation House The supper IS being given in oidei to laise money to send delegates to a National Methodist College Confeience Decembei 31 to Januaiy 3 Students selling the tickets, which aie pi iced at 20 cents, aie John Fonts, Anna Lewis, Edith Whineiy, Fiancis Bakei, Maiy Giaham, and Ruth Reedei Tickets may also be obtained at the Weslev Foundation House
TYPEWRITERS ~ Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOR RENT—Laige double loom 131 South Giant stieet
FOR RENT—Modem fiont double room, southeast coinei of campus, with 01 without boaid 401 State sti eet
ALL UNPAID—Puidue Engineer subscribers must pay immediately at Union desk
PHOTOGRAPHIC XMAS SPECIAL—Thiee 8x10 foi $5 00 Void aftei Decembei 9th Hinea’s
LOST—Dark green hat Tuesday in Library about 4pm Call 46904 Reward
WANTED—Caiiieis to delivei Exponents Must be dependable. Wages 70 cents a morning. Apply at Exponent office, 312 N 5th, Lafayette
FOR SALE — Conn wood-wind clarinet in excellent condition Call Flench, 41591
WANTED—To rent garage. Must be near Union Building. Call Dickinson, 3326.
MONSKY Alabama Guard Selected bv many obser\eis as the beat linesman in the south thia leadei of a championship team is a universal choice for top-rankinR amontr sport vrriterh in Dixie In the final Rame of the year a hair-raising victory over Vanderbilt Monskv was bulwark No 1 in the lineup of the Ciimson Tide BElNOR Notre Dame Tackle Here ib another player who has leceived little attention from the headline writeib but during a long wearing schidule he has been an irieplaceable cog in a line that has absorbed tel rific pounding and made his particular sector a barriei almost impassable to opposing ball-carriers SCHWARTZ California End Here is a rugged fast charging wingman whose defensive play and especially his tackling has been the sensation of the year up and down the Pacific Coast Many critics rate Schwartz as the best blocker in the far western con ference and his uncanny pass-catching ability has added many yards to the total of the Golden Bears FOLEY Harvard Halfback Rising with his teammates to unprecedented form against a tiaditiona! and undefeated rival, Foley passedf ran and smashed the line backed up the line and scored the points that crashed h heavy favoiite Yale team to defeat Not well known beyond the confines of the so called Ivy league, Foley leaves no doubt that he is one of the most workmanlike and dependable backs in the East MATISI Pittsburgh Tackle Every opposing coach has feared and praised the left side of the mighty Pittsburgh line, with Matibi a super-tackle flanked by and end and a guarel that seldom yield an inch of ground—even to I ordham Coach Warner of the All Ameiica Board and founder of the Warnei system considers Matisi one of the linesmen of the year who has no supeiiois and few equals His quiet efficient assaults against the powerful teams Pittsburgh s schedule have made him an undeniable standout CAVALLO Lafayette Halfback Slipping aiound the ends crashing through center tricking the opposition by his nimble footwork and adding up yardage which eventually took his teammates to victory and an undefeated season Cavallo was the most impressive player on the field That Lehigh was held to 88 yards and three first downs was due in a large measuie to Cavallo b defensive brilliance and his ability to anticipate the next move ot the opposi-
Harrison Will Be Guest Of Honor At Banquet In Union William H Hamson, national president of the AIEE, and assistant vice-pi esident of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company will be guest of honoi at a dinnei to be held in the leception loom of the Union at 6 30 tomoriow night The Umveisity student section of the AIEE will be hosts at this dinnei foi the Cential Indiana Section of the AIEE, the Cential Indiana Section of the ASME, the Foit Wayne Section of AIEE, and the University student bianch of ASME Hanson, who took office as Na tional President of the AIEE ii August of this yeai, will discuss the alfaus of the Institute in his ad dress following the dinnei Admission to the dinnei m the Union IS one dollai pei person, and admission to the lecture in the Electiical Engineeiing Building is fiee
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p m
Camera Club Prints to be eligible for an nual exhibit must be in by December 1 „ —SAMUELSON
• the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
— Bookstores — SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC’ Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clink DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 — Beauty Studio —
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • ^]k>-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY RBAUTT STUDIO 062 Main Phone 7727
— Hardware ■ EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN — Furniture —- Student Equipment SaqSa J’juAniiuJui ^o. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728 —— Barbers — MODEL BARBER SHOP 222 No. 5th Street Lafayette “THREE GOOD BARBERS" — Locksmith — F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile kejr and lock senrtee our specialty. L- C. N. Door Closer Distribatore 209-211 N. 5th SL, Phone 2828
/
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Glider Club; Decembei 2 is the deadline for pictures See me for orders —MORGAN Purdue Flying Club- Meeting December 1 at 7 p m in room D of the Memorial Union Building Important v —CONWAY Christian Foundation Students. Don’t forget to bring a friend and drop in at the I riendly between 3 30 and 6 30, December 1 at 125 South Giant street
—CRISS
Foresters Forestry Club keys are available until December 5
—YOUNG
Gilder Club Meeting in room B of the Union Building Decembei 2 at 7 30 p m
—MOORE
Camera Club There will be a meeting m reception room of the Union at 7 p m December 1 Change in rules of contest is
tb be noted exhibit
Bring all of your pictures for —shoemaker
Reamer Club: Important meeting December 1 at 7 p m in Union Building. Every member must be present —ROSS
WAA: Deckers will display the sweaters for numerals and ‘P’ monograms December 1 at 4 p m in the Women's Gym
—DELAPLANE
Orchcsis- Meeting and practice December 1 7 30 p m in the Women’s Gym —HARRY
Bowling Alleys Alleys will be reserved December 1, fiom 8 30 to 10 p m
—STUCKEY
Alpha Lambda Delta Meeting December 7 at 7 30 p m in room A of the MemoI rial Union Building ! —RANDALL
lySGA Executive Board: Meeting December 1 at 7 .45 p. m. in office. —STEWART
WAA Volley Ball: Games today 4 00—Alpha Chi vs Pi Phi (in the small gym) 4.80-J-Alpha Xi vs Theta (in the small gym) 6 00—Cbi Omega vs Pedalion (in the large gym) 6 00—Kappa vs Ward 1 (in the small gym) / —RODERICK
Union Workers; All sophomores report to Union office as soon after 1 p nt December 1 as possible Important —JACOBSON
Union Workers My committee meet at the office at 4 p m December 1 —EASTBURN.
Union'Workers; Our committees report to the workshop December 1 at 4 p m —TAYLOR, MILLHOLLAND
iiiraubuiBiu..,, X '' I. if, 1 / 1 ^ * sn I ' ^ i " L Vyednesday, December |i937 Senior Mecha^cals; Inspection tejp reports must be made by December Jo-''* For particulars sCe bulletin board In l|lle<9^nicai Engineering Building ’ —YOUNG.
PIA Dance Class: The beginning dance class Will meet in the Union ballroom, December 2, at 4 p m or 7 30 p m —CLYMER Horticulture Club: Meeting Decenjiber 1 at 7 p m in the Hprticultrc Building room 210 The floriculturists are in charge of the program —HYMEN Silver Masks: Important meeting in the fencing room at 4 10 p m December 1 All members must be present —ZWEIG
Gimlet Formal initiation postponed until later date —BROWN
Personalized Gifts
Shirts Men’s Scarfs Gift Ties.. .. Pajamas Sox .
98c 48c and up 48c and up 11.19 and $1.48 15c, 25c and 48c
Handkerchief and Tie, set 48c Gloves 98c and up
Jackets
224 Main St.
$5.98
Re
LIABLE
Cl
OTHING
224 Main St.