WKWinruTfi aira
‘rf- f *
Purdue
Z>18l
Exponent
Lafayette# Indiana
WEDNESDAY
May 17, 1939
Vol.50
No. 184
¥ ■
Faculty Express Thoughts On "Good Teaching ' Ideas “Purdue is re'puted as being a school that emphasises good teaching and teaching methods; let’s keep that reputation,” stated President E. C. Elliott at the conclusion of the meeting of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education last night. Six professors, representing five of the engineering departments gave brief talks on different phases of the question, “What is good teaching?” showing that the faculty is as interested in “good teaching” as the student.
Garden Club Meet Opens In Ballroom Representatives from most of the 72 garden clubs in the state attended the opening luncheon of the eighth annual convention of the Garden Club of Indiana in the ballroom of the Union yesterday. Dr. Laurenz Greene, head of the University horticultural department, outlined plans for the gardening school which was to open last night and continue through today. Principal speakers at the afternoon session were Mrs. Fredrick A. Wallis, south Atlantic region vicepresident, and Mrs. Forest Huttenlocher, central region vice-president. Illinois Instructor Topics to be covered by the staff at the meetings in the Union ballroom today will include the nature and properties of soils, the story of pollen, rose culture, common plant diseases, and insect enemies. Miss Florence Robinson of the landscape department of the University of Illinois will be the principal speaker at the noon luncheon today. Following the luncheon at noon, piesided over by Professor R. B. Hull, of the Horticulture department, chairman of the gardening school committee, the school will come to a close with a discussion of the common plant diseases and insect enemies led by Dr. C. L. Porter and Dr. J. J, Davis, both of the University staff. Sloan Fellowships Awarded To Four Purdue Graduates Four University graduates were among the ten young industrial executives chosen in a nation-wide competition to receive Alfred P. Sloan Foundation fellowships at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Richard T. Orth, EE ’30; James H. Campbell, ME ’33; Robert M. Zimmerman, ME ’32; and Samuel W. Stouffer, ME ’31, were the graduates who obtained fellowships. Fellowships are for a year’s special program of fbcikl and economic study. All of the recipients are graduate engineers with more than live years’ experience in industry, and will begin work at M. I. T. in June on a year’s leave of absence from their present jobs. The fellowship stipends amount to $2,750. T^e successful candidates were selected from a field of 184, nominated through the cooperation of employers in all parts of the country. The winners were chosen on the basis of their bcsiness and colthe basis of their business and coland written statements of purpose. The purpose of these scholarships is to locate men with promise of becoming industrial leaders of the future. Chandler To Entertain YWCA Executive Boards «)■ Mrs. F. F. Chandler, a member of the Y.W.C.A. advisory board, will entertain last year’s cabinet members, the advisory board, and newly elected cabinet members with a dinner at her home this evening. New officers and cabinet members will be introduced. A social hour will follow the dinner.
A short business meeting preceded the discussions during which Prof. W. J. Cope, mechanical school, was elected chairman, and M. L. Kemmer, civil school, was elected secretary-treasurer. Between 40 and 50 faculty members attended the meeting, including President Elliott and Dean A. A. Potter. Prof. L. E. Beck, retiring chairman, presided. Student Interest “Without interest a student cannot learn,” was the basis of the discussion by Prof. A. N. Topping in 'Speaking on arousing and maintaining student interest. Student interest should not be confused with entertainment by the instructor. Characteristics helpful in arousing interest are: sense of humor, enthusiasm, and a varied daily program, reported Prof. Topping. “In terest comes from effort,” was another key thought from the '^)EE professor. Initiative “Two out of 27 of my college instructors were what I consider good teachers,” was one of the opening statements by Prof. F. L. Serviss, chemical school. Two methods were suggested by Prof. Serviss of encouraging initiative. The first was to show the student a principle, accompany it with concrete problems imemdiately, show how general the application was, then involve the idea into a problem and leave the problem for the student to complete. Second method he suggested was to leave some factor in an explanation or derivation incomplete or wrong. “Students are on their toes to pick out incomplete factors and (Continued on page 4) Apologies... ... to Roger Rosen, ME ’39, for connecting him in any way with the Delt House prowler. According to the police blotter, Rosen was booked for forted entry, but a complete story on the case shows that the charge was the result of a misunderstanding between he and his former landlord concerning a visit to a friend of his in the Stone residence last Saturday afternoon. (See Letter on Page 2)
Senior Women Hear Snoopers Read Class Will Senior women, 122 strong, took it on the chin last night when the low down on the highbrow seniors was broadcast at the annual Senior Shoopers Banqu^ in the Home Economics Auditorium. Frankie Eastburn, chairman of the Snoopers committee, read the class will by which the senior girls left certain valuable possessions to the underclass women. Georgiana Pittman left her brain to any of the five year men, Sannie Merrit presented her merits to Gene Johnson, and Mary Cooley relinquished her baby talk to Althea'Jorgenson. Mary Wein left her piebaking ability to next year’s Dean’s understudy while Betty Joe Sexton and Marge Blocker gave certain. rendezvous to the more capable Phi Delts. Betty Hixon just wished she could leave as Betty Stewart gave her unused diamond ring to Betty Cocking, who really wants one. Generous Marty Norman played Santa Claus to her classmates and presented suitable gifts to certain lucky co-eds. Sally McKee was given some freckle cream, Ruth Wiley received safety pins, Jeanne Beemer got a fish pole. Peg Timberlake was presented with sea food, Phyllis Crossman received a cook book, and Martha Wood was given some sand in which she might leave her footprints. Margaret Johnston received laurels for making the banquet a success, Phyllis Dunn for providing fiowers and favors, and Katherine Merritt for managing ticket sales. NSFA Elects Reiley Regional Chairman Four delegates from the Purdue Student Senate attended the regional convention of the National Student Federation of America May 12 to 14. The delegates who attended the convention at Kent State University, Kent, Ohio, were Herbert Fishburn, senate president; Martin Estey, vice-president; Ralph Reiley; and John Walley. One of the highlights of the discussions was Fishburn’s explanation of Purdue’s reorganized Student Senate. At the final business meeting, held Saturday evening, Ralph Reiley was elected regional chairman for the next year. This is an added honor for the Purdue senate, since it gives Purdue a second member on the executive committee of the NSFA. At present. President Fishburn is one of the three delegates at large in the United States and is also a member of the executive committee.
Stapleton, Frazee Elected To SAA Senior Positions
Secretary
Henry Frazee
Academy Of Social Science To Convene Here This Week End Indiana Academy of Social Science will hold its annual meetings at Purdue on Friday and Saturday, May 19 and 20. The program includes a general session on Friday afternoon, a dinner on Friday evening, and section meetings on Saturday morning. The general meeting will be held Friday afternoon at 4 p. m. in room 201 of the Education building. The subject is the Wagner Labor Relations Act, and the meeting will be open to faculty members and students. The speaker at the dinner meeting, which will be held at 6-:30 in the Union, will be Dean W. H. Spencer of the School of Business, Univei’sity of Chicago. He will speak on Law and Labor. The dinner will be open to the Upiversity Community, and all those who wish to attend should notify Miss Stover at the Department of History, Economics, and Government office not later than noon Thursday, May 18. The price of the tickets for the dinner is $1.00.
Acacia.
. . . social fraternity announces the pledging of William Guyer, New Castle; Charles Huffman, New Castle; and Hugh Gommel, Indianapolis.
Prom Committee Makes Preparation For Frolic
With only three days remaining before Jdnior Prom the committee is rounding up its work. Decorations are being laid out in the ballroom. Tickets are being handed out at the cashier’s office. Fraternity booths will be assigned tonight. According t oan announcement made last night WBAA will carry a broadcast direct from the Union ballroom from 2 until 4 o’clock Saturday morning, however there will be no national broadcast of the dance. Committee members shown here are; top row, left to right, Ralph Reiley, publicity; Lloyd Farquar, programs; Bill Dunshee, fraternity booths; bottom row, left to right, Vincent Hruby, decorations; Benny Burns, Chairman; Margaret Mitchell, banquet, land Allen Shackelton, bui^ess manager.
Nolan, Taylor Eleded To Junior Positions R. A. Stapleton, CE ’40, was elected president of the Student Athletic Association yesterday morning by the SAA electoral board. Henry Frazee, EE ’40, was elected secretary. In the all-campus election held yesterday T. C. Noland and W. F. Taylor were elected junior SAA managers. A total vote of 1745 ballots was cast during the 10 hours of open polls. J. D. Fisher and A. A. Yankowski were the other two candidates for junior jobs. Noland polled 899 votes; Taylor, 892; Fisher, 847; and Yankowski, 839. There were 55 split and single votes cast. ' Stapleton is a member of the Alpha Tau Omega. Frazee is a member of Sigma Nu. Both served as junior managers this year. Board Elects Seniors Noland is a sophomore mechanical, and a member of Lambda Chi Alpha. Taylor is a sophomore electrical and a Sigma Chi. They ran on the Progressive ticket. The SAA electoral board that voted yesterday on senior board members were: Noble Kizer, athletic director; Prof. William Marshall, head of the mathematics department; J. A. Dilts, president of SAA; R. M. McGhee, secretary of SAA; and R. K. Johnson, president of the P Men’s club. Purdue Chapter of ASCE To Sponsor Annual Banquet “The Engineer of Today,” will be W. W. DeBerard’s topic for the banquet meeting of the American Society of Civil Engineers tomorrow at 6 p. m. The occasion for the banquet is the joint meeting of the Indiana section of the ASCE with the Purdue student branch of the society. Tickets for the banquet may be purchased for 80 cents from any of the student officers or from the main office of the Civil Engineering building. Sale of the tickets will be closed at noon on Thursday, and students and faculty members planning to attend should get their tickets in plenty of time, advises Professor Wiley. Everyone is invited to attend the meeting and hear DeBerard, who is the director of the ASCE and western editor of Engineering News Record. Election of officers for the student chapter will follow immediately after the banquet, at about 8:30 p. m. Rudolph, Lownie, Oyler Get Awards Cadet Colonels J. M. Rudolph, H. W. Lownie and R. W. Oyler of the ROTC second brigade were presented with gold medals at the graduation review yesterday. These men are national honor graduates of the Purdue Corps. At the review yesterday, the brigade was formed and marched to the field by the present senior officers where they fell out and their places taken by the present juniors, who from this time on aie in charge of the unit. Tomorrow the performance will be repeated by the first brigade where medals will be piesented to Cadet Colonels R. R. Hannas, L. L. Treece, and A. R. Levin. Ranking junior officers who will assume command are Second Lieutenants H. G. Kolb and K. C. Houston.
President
Richard Stapleton
Sigma Xi To Hear Compton Speak At Initiation Friday A. H. Compton, Nobel prize winner of 1927, will address the members of Sigma Xi, science honorary, at their final open meeting in the Electrical Engineering lecture room Friday, May 17, at 8:00 p. m. For the last ten years Compton has carried on research in the field of cosmic rays. His lecture Friday will review some of his findings in this field. When he won the Nobel peace prize in 1927, Compton was working with light. He discovered the Compton effect, which has been very important in the field of optics. Last Sunday Compton’s mother was chosen America’s best mother by the Golden Rule Foundation. His brother is president of Massacnus6Ltb iiibLitutc Ox x*t?cliiiuiogy’» Sigma Xi will also hold their annual banquet and initiation Friday. Initiation is to be at 5:00 p. m., followed by the banquet at 6:30 in the Union ballroom. Coolidge To Address Counsellor Meeting Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant dean of women, will speak to freshmen and transfer co-ed counsellors this afternoon at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge. After a general discussion of counselling problems led by Miss Coolidge, Libby Barmes and Margaret Saurer, freshman and transfer program chaiiman, will conduct separate group meetings. Attendance of counsellors is compulsory. Dr. E. L. Kelley of the psychology department will speak next Tuesday, May 23, at a meeting for both men and women counsellors. The joint meeting, which will be held at Stanley Coulter Hall at 4 p. m., closes the spring counselling program. Ceres Eled New Officers, Hear Seniors Teil Plans At their informal meeting in honor of the graduating members, Ceres, agronomy honorary, elected the following officers for the coming year: Howard Nickey, president; Robert Kessler, vice president; M. A. Brunk, secretary; H. L. Whittem, treasurer. The meeting, which was held at Professor P. E, Robbins’ home, was to be turned over to the seniors to tell of their plans for after graduation. Following election of officprs, refreshments were served.^dUibfdaL
THE FUBDT]E EXPONENT
Fraternity Houses... ... make tempting eye-fulls for the ambitious burglar. On Saturday night Delta Tau Delta men caught a would-be student bandit attempting a midnight raid. Later he confessed robbing the Tau Epsilon Phi fraternity on April 14. Less fortunate was Sigma Nu fraternity, where early Saturday morning, January 14, house members were relieved of clothing, jewelry, cash, and other property valued in all at $406, and a 1937 Ford toudor. That burglar was never apprehended, and lesser house robberies have occurred since that time, without capture of the thief. Answer to this thief problem must be given in part by the fraternities themselves; policemen cannot watch every house at all hours of the night. Many fraternities lock their doors during the night, but spring weather gives rise to open windows. Each house manager should see that the main floor is locked up tight before house members put away their books and retire to the dorm. Some houses do not lock their front doors," because they have found the key-for-every-member system impractical, and because of confusion caused by brothers arriving home in early morning hours. Other houses have keys for individual rooms, and members take these keys into the dorm with them. Answer to the problem of locked doors without inconvenience may come when some enterprising Purdue engineer develops a cheap, automatic, built-in lock for each fraternity house door. This lock would have a simple combination, known to all members, which could be changed when occasion demanded. In the meantime, if doors are left unlocked or students fear back-window or coal-chute invasions. State Police officials and West Lafayette Chief of Police N. S. Beisel suggest that fraternity members take their valuables into the dorm with them. [Chief Beisel also suggests that when a thief is caught or escapes the house immediately call directly to 4045, Lafayette police, rather than West Lafayette police. This flash will be immediately radioed by Lafayette to the West Lafayette squad car. Police would normally be at the house within five minutes after the phone call was made. State Police, 2024, will also offer fullest co-
Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Laffayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, anthorized Jana* ary 20. 1922. FubUshed daily except Monday dnring the regular academic year and weekly during the Sommer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editorial Board
R. E. Insley D. G. Terrio G. W. Frederick .... W, E. Smith...„ E. M. Antonini R. Jenkins G. Schilling
, Editor-im-Cltief Editorial Director Managing Editor Business Manager ......Senior Advertising Manager Sports Editor ;Co-ed Editor
Junior Staff
Editorial R. P. DeHoog R. W. Donahue D, K. Heiple J. H. Mckee M. L. Miers J. C. Willsey
Business R. Fisher R. Hail A. Hite M. Hagemeyer T. Petty G. Cox, Sec.
Sports J. P. Dolan S. D. Marquis M. M. Richards Co-ed M. Burtsdeld G. Carroll B. Simpson
D. J.
Henninger, Art Director
PHONES
Editorial
Sports
Business
4005
2792
5038
RBPRSSKNTBD FOR NATIONAL AOVERTIStN<3 BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College 'Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. . CHicAao ' Boston ' Los ansslss > san Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published hr undergraduate students of Purdue Universi^. AU cq^inions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Kditorial Director.
Night Editor—Miers Issue Editor—Mueller ' Wednesday, May 17, 1939 operation, although most of their radioequipped cars are spread around the countryside, They should foe notified in case a foandit escapes by automobile. Home-made burglar alarm systems have been useful for years in comic strips, when they back-fire on their creators. Ingenious fraternity men might work out a practical alarm system in their individual houses, however.
23 Gallons , y.
... of gas were burned up by the Progressive party in yesterday’s SAA election to gain their average of 895 votes. Some slide-rule waving shows that each gallon netted 38.9 votes, and that each vote cost the party .41 cent. What Price Victory?
UoksL ef. ths. CantpiU. H^man Ctab Beds
Monson President
A "Criminal" Talks Letters for publication should be short, preferably under 250 words, and must be accompanied by the writer’s sigrnature. The author’s name will be published with his letter unless otherwise requested. Any name not published will be held in strictest confidence. ... The Exponent assumes no responsibility for opinions voiced in this column.—Editorial Director. Dear Editorial Director: When I was a little boy, I used to enjoy playing “cops and robbers.” Now that I’m a University senior, thanks to the perverse personality of a small-minded landlord, I have finally become a real
criminal!
For reasons of my own, I left my former rooming house, at 226 Sylvia street, just before spring vacation. Although I gave him a month’s notice, my landlord, Mr. W. C. Stone, apparently took offense at this move. When I returned to my former rooming house in order to secure a typewriter which had been borrowed by a friend, Stone forbade me to ever again enter the house. He stated that the next time I visited his house, he wotild swear out a warrant for my arrest on grounds of trespassing. After returning home from a Mother’s Day visit, a warrant for my arrest was thrust in my face by an officer of the law at 7:30 a. m. Monday in my room. Later that morning, I went to the West Lafayette justice of the peace court where I again encountered my friend Mr. Stone.
Eather than attempt to clear myself by a plea of “not guilty,” which would involve some expense and much time, I pleaded “guilty” to the charge. This charge appeared as “trespassing” on the warrant, but was jipparfiTitly reported “forced entry” to the newspapers. Mr. Stone’s warrant called for $100 damages, which in court was stated to be for “mental anguish.” The justice assessed me the minimum fine possible, one dollar and
costs.
If Mr. Stone is now willing to bury the hatchet, and will drop around to my new address at 323 West Lutz street, I will have two cups of tea on my desk top at 4 o’clock this afternoon . . . one for him and one for me. A. H. Eosen, ME ’39. Exactly 150 colleges and universities offer courses in public administration.
Harry 0. Monson, ME ’41, was elected president of Purdue Newman club last Sunday after a com-munion-breakfast at St. Mary’s Parish llall. Ken Gardy, who was defeated by a narrow margin in the election for president, was elected to a junior vice president position along with George Dewey, Elmer Nesius, and Dick Jansing. Joan LeBouef, Mary Hannon, and Thelma Goodman were elected women’s vice presidents and Marjorie Kuntz and Bud Luers were elected secretary and treasurer, respectively. The club, according to Monson, is looking forward to a big year with a larger and better Barnyard Frolic, an event sponsored annually by this organization. A membership of ovei-’ 200 is anticipated and a large series of social and recreational events are being planned for next year’s members.
From the fast pace set by Gala Week end to the festivities of Mothers’ Day and on through the Prom week end, we pass. After this series of eye openers, we should all be'in the groove for the year’s gayest time—Prom. The time has come for orchids and gardenias, foriiials and festivals, imports and headaches. Why study this week with such better things.in the offering? —H&H— On this Saturday night a number of fraternities will climax Prom week end with dances at their chapter houses. The Theta Chis will have an informal dance, as will the Kappa Delta Ehos while the Phi Kappas have their spring formal. The Tau Kappa Epsilons and the Phi Pi Phis will join forces at the. Lafayette Country Club Saturday night at a spring formal, and the Theta Xis will have a similar dance at Allen’s. Then all of the little boys can send their imports home and settle down to study for finals. —H&H— In case you happened to be a mouse on the night of Friday, the 19th of May, and happened to enter the dressing rooms of our esteemed Union building, you might hear any number of remarks styled similar to this Powder Boom Prattle. “I’m telling you I almost died when he asked me to show him how my strapless formal stayed up . . . Listen, Jane, take it easy; after all it’s only the first time you’ve been ' an import . . . This lipstick never stays where it’s supposed to . . . Honestly, if another gal puts her heel through the hem of this dress, I’m going to haul off and be unladylike ... I don’t mind his dancing, he’s quite light on my feet ... I just let him talk; then I told him you were my roommate . . . Has anybody got a pin ... I wish he’d stop fighting over me; he’s not worth it . . . Well, when he ask me I gave him the stock answer “No” . . . Her dress is just like mine only you can tell the material is cheaper ... I do wish I’d brought my knitting or “Gone With the Wind” along . . .”
LAST DAY
lOWk^ctory” with GEO. BRENT.HUMPHREY ROGART Geraldine Fifzgerald-Henry Travers Ronald Reagan - Cora Witherspoon THOR.-FRI.-SAT. Maureen Henry Ralph e'SIUmil-FONDA-BELUMY
EXPERT PHOTO FINISHING One Day Service Rolls developed with 16 VeloxPiints.......... 8 Velox Prints and 2 Jhl" double-weight profesBional enlargements ... A V
Sattefaction Guaranteed Or Money Refunded
^ printo are on GennUie Expensive Veioz Paper.gnaranteednevertofBde. AUenlargementa ate on Genuine Kodsbrom Paper of Baatman make^groaranteed never to fade... beantifalSatin j^niab readily tinted with genidae oMooloni. EniargementCertificateaaent with prints tor eoatomer'a eelectiona for enfaugemeuts. Yoaranapsbotaatcollegewillbe tnisiued tbro the yeara .Send your rolis today I EXPERT STUDIOS DEPT. 24 LACB088B, WIS. ••Znamee.TkePAetaJ^itAina aiUerofJUeertoe"
PROM Suggestion: “Send Flowers to Make Her Even More Beautiful”
Dorner's Flower Shop
Phone 6050
Main at 7th
'We’re looking for a beauty operator with a following—one who knows all the gossip in the neighborhopd!”
WE’LL STAET AGAIN! A bad start is a good ending—so they say. Dirt, dirt, dirt, DIET is what we want. There wasn’t a singlfe contrib in the box when they were asked for. This column is at its best when you hand in these little quirps and things that may be used for blackmail. Let’s start again. Do you know anything screwy about your friends? If you want him to know you did it, we’ll put your name under it. If he took out your best girl, and you want to get even, call him a rat, a rodent, etc., and sign your IdA^
LAST DAY
THE STORY OI
mmmMTMSk
GJ^imMBFU
DON LORETTA HENRY AMECHE • YOUNG • FONDA
1
TOM0RROW-FR1DAY
REALaslifi itbelf'T RUE as a human heart! . ..^eedSfSSBISd..
name. Eemember, it’s your column! What you want to make public, the B & B will print... if it’s good ... AS AN.. . . . . . example, here’s what the “Old Maids from the Castle” (W. E. H. Soijth) thing of this paper: If its classic, its literature. If its beautiful, its art. If its radio, its fun. But if its the Exponent, its just plain “dirt.”^ « ' Confidentially, I like it! A student musical comedy will be produced at Yale this year for the first time since 1894.
LUHA —LAST DAY— FLORENICE RICE
“Four Girls in White” — AND— ^ AKIMTAMIROFF ——in — *‘‘Ride a Crooked Mile” THIJR.-FR1.-SAT. 2 FIRST RENf FEA'TIJRES GEORGE MIIJRPHY . — im — ‘RISKY RLSlNfESS” — AND — “Call the Mesqniteers”
20c to 6:00 then 10>20-25c
BACKlDOOIt f O HEAVEN WiPotamewri' B.ltu)* wiih . Wallace Jord^^Patricia'EllisfStuartiEfwinvAtlne^MacMaiion;
ARC
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
hiAid
today DOUBLE FEATURE GRACIE FIELDS — In — SMILING ALONG — PLUS — BOYS' REFORMATORY — with — FRANKIE DARRO GRANT WITHERS
STARTS TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS
— WITH — PRESTON FOSTER PATRICIA ELLIS — Mid —
— alio — ’FLAMING FRONTIER “ Serial THUR.-FRI.-SAT. TWO FISTED JUSTICE HIGGINS FAMILY FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS
JAMES ELLISON HEUN WOOD ROBERT KENT JUNECUVWORTH ‘'ACE,"Th«WoiiilHDo| — Plus —
tgUmoWoinan! International Rackst! JULYEILESSiLUMLiME luniHBa* miH m. Also DONALD DUCK
(P-V \
Wednesday. May 17.1939
Lanibda Chi Alpha Leads
Big Ten Stars Will Vie In Annual Track Meet
Riveters
In Fraternity Track Meet AtMichiganTiiisWeek i pjM
Supplying the necessary punch to win* three firsts, Lambda Chi Alpha’s Dave Rankin put his fraternity into the lead at the half-way mark in the interfraternity track meet yesterday afternoon at Ross-Ade Stadium. The windup of the meet will be
this afternoon.
Rankin scored first in the 100yard dash. Heaviest entries were in this event, anj as a result it was necessary to run three heats, the first two men in each heat qualifying for the finals. Rankin sped the distance in 10 seconds flat. Anthony Wins 44w Fast times were also made in the 440-yard dash with Anthony, Delta Tau Delta, reeling off a 61:7 performance. Resnick, Sigma Alpma Mu, followed him to the tape. In addition to the century dash, Rankin captured first honors in the 120yard high hurdles and the shot put. Pole vault honors were shared by Carter, Kappa Sigma, and Campbell, Lambda Chi Alpha, each going over the bar at 11 feet, 6 inches. Levin, Sigma Alpha Mu, won the mile run in 4 :57. Events to be run off this afternoon at 4 o’clock are the 220-yard dash, two mile run, 220 high hurdles, half mile^ quarter mile relay, javelin, broad jump, and high jump. Summary Complete summary of the yesterday afternoon’s events are as follows: 100-yard dash; Rankin, Lambda Chi Alpha, first; Byelene, Beta Theta Pi, second; Resnick, Sigma Alpha Mu, third; Friedman, Sigma Alpha Mu, fourth. Time, 10 seconds. Mile run: Levin, Sigma Alpha Mu, first; Todd, Delta Chi, second; Decker, Kappa Sigma, third; Arnold, Kappa Delta Rho, fourth. Time, 4:57. 440-yard dash: Anthony, Delta Tau Delta, first; Resnick, Sigma Al-
pha Mu, second; Bushnell, Phi Kappa Sigma, third; Gand, Alpha Tau Omega, fourth. Time, 61:7. 120-yard high hurdles: Rankin, Lambda Chi Alpha, first; Carter, Kappa Sigma, second; Fye, Kappa Delta Rho, third; Jordan, Lambda Chi Alpha, fourth. Time, 15:3. Shot put: Rankin, Lambda Chi Alpha, first; Crawford, Delta Tau Delta, second; Mohr, Alpha Tau Omega, third; Seymour, Kappa Delta Rho, fourth. Distance, 39 feet, 11 inches. Pole vault: Carter, Kappa Sigma, and Campbell, Lambda Chi Alpha, tied for first; Forthofer, Beta Theta Pi, third; Decker, Kappa Sigma, fourth. Height, 11 feet, 6 inches. Eight Fraternity Teams ToPtaylnBasebatiFinats Competing for the 1939 fraternity baseball title, eight fraternity teams will play in the final rounds this Thursday and Friday. These teams are the highest ranking teams dt the close of the preliminary round. According to the intramural records the Delta Chi, Theta Chi, Tau Kappa Epsilon, Beta Theta Pi, Phi Kappa Sigma, Alpha Gamma Rho, Lambda Chi Alpha, and the winner of the Theta Xi-Delta Tau Delta game wilk vie for the fraternity championship. The first round Avill be played Thursday with the final and decidiiig round scheduled for Friday.
WEST SIDE FLOmST The prom is the finest dance of the year; see us for your corsages. Phone 2774 Across from Purdue Bank
In an effort to end the long domi
nation of midwest track events by Michigan’s Wolverines, the assembled athletes of the Big Ten will compete in the 39th annual Western Conference Track and Field Championships at Ann Arbor on Friday and Saturday. The Wolverines will be seeking their third straight outdoor team title and their 17th crown
in the history of the meet.
Ten of last year’s outdoor champions will be defending their titles at the two day meet. Because of outstanding performances made in dual meets this spring, experts agree that records are seriously threatened in at leasj; five, of the
fifteen events.
Defending Champs John Davenport of Chicago will be protecting, his 100-yard dash victory, Bob Lewis of Ohio State is defending champ in the 220-yard dash, Harley Howells of Ohio State in the quarter mile, Walter Mehl of Wisconsin in the two mile. Bill Watson Of Michigan in the shot put, broad jump, and discus, Elmer Gedeon of Michigan in the high hurdles, Milton Padway of Wisconsin, co-champ in the pole vault, and Ohio State’s' mile
relay team.
Three Big Ten outdoor records are probably doomed. In the pole vault Wisconsin’s Padway will be attempting to better the mark of 13 feet, 10% inches set by McDermott of Illinois in 1930, Padway set a Big Ten indoor record of 14 feet, 1% inches last winter and is a consistent 14-foot vaulter. Watson After Discus Mark In the discus Bill Watson, Michigan’s three-way champ, will go after the mark of 165 feet, 2 inches, which was set by Arlie Mucks of Wisconsin back in 1916. Watson has twice approached and once bettered this record in the spring dual
meet season.
Ohio State’^s mile relay combination, which turned in an impressive 3:14.1 this spring, will battle the Michigan relay team for the honor of besting the Wolverine’s 1935 rec-
ord of 3:15.2.
By Robert J. Deckard
The possibility that the current Western Conference baseball pennant race will be comparable to that of the well-known annual National Leagde scramble is becoming more of a reality every day as any Big Ten contingent is mathematically capable of taking over the crown before the curtain is drawn on June 3. —^fc— Coach Dutch Fehring’s Boilermaker nine and Coach Otto Vogel’s Iowa outfit, both tied for first place in the standings at the present time, have the better chances to garner a share in the glories of the crown. The Riveter squad pulls down the harder assignment of the two during the remainder of the season, crossing bats with a brace of teams which have great potentialities of acquiring a thread of the pennant. This Friday and Saturday, Fehring’s men invade Champaign, 111., to do battle with Illinois in a twogame series. The following week end, they play host to Michigan’s, aggressive third-place nine in a pair of games here. Watson Again Watson has also bettered his shot put record of 52 feet, 11% inches in a dual meet and threatens to set a new mark in the conference meet. Bob Difenthaler, Illinois captain - and indoor high jump champion, has consistently approached the present record of 6 feet, 7% inches made by Dave Albritton of Ohio State. Forty-one of the place winners in last year’s meet will be again striving to add to their individual and . team honors. Many outstanding sophomore prospects threaten to take over places in the track events.
Spring—And A Menu Change Spring is a sign of warm weather and warm weather calls for a light diet. Try our deiicious cold cuts of meat and you too will say they cannot be beat. CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. 3rd St.
Phone 5372
HOTEL FOWLER The Tops / In Hofei Stops BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE BOTH AIR CONDITIONED
For Economy . . ... . . The Lahr Hotel
Lose To Irish, 6 Hunfhausen Allows Four Hits In Second Win Over Purdue Nine; Irish Gel Eight Safeties Notr6 Dame’s baseball team turned the trick again, and it was none other thaii the same Norvall Hunthausen, Irish righthander, who mowed the Boilermakers down on Ross-Ade Recreation Field yesterday, holding the Gold and Black to four hits while his teammates were pounding out twice as many, to give the Irish a 6-1 victory. in the previous meeting between the Boilermakers and Notre Dame , at South Bend, Hunthausen limited for the .Boilermakers in 18 games. the Gold and Black to three hits and ® ox score. no runs while Notre Dame wras Notre Dame (6) AB R H coasting to a? 9-0 triumph. Nardone, cf .....5 3 1 Hoag, 2b 3 0 0 Four Hits Sullivan, 3b .b 0 3 Hits by Art Bredewater, Dickin- Pinelli, ss . ....4 1 1 son, Hearne, and Thompson, and Oberbrunner If ..... 2 2 1 the execution of three double plays Roy Pinelli, rf ........1 0 0 were the only solace to the Boiler- Doyle, lb ..... . .4 0 2 makers. Three pitchers saw service Verhoestra c .....3 0 0 on the mound, Emmert starting, and Hunthausen, p 3 0 0 Warner and Rupert pitching the last : three frames. 30 6 8 Sullivan, Notre Dame third baser Purdue (1) AB R H man, drove in three runs for the Lyboult, If ..... 4 0 0 Irish, singling to right in the first Dickinson, cf 4 1 1 inning to knock in Nardone, send- Hearne 2b ... ..4 0 1 ing him home again in the third on Mackiewicz, 3b ....4 0 0 a single to left, and batting the Dean, rf ...3 0 0 same man in in the fifth on a hit Smithson, lb ...........3 0 0 to center. Art Bredewater, c .2 0 1 In the fourth inning a double by pisher, c .1 0 0 Oberbrunner and a single by Doyle Thompson, ss ...3 0 1 gave the Irish, another run. Two Emmert, p „.2 . 0 0 more runs were added in the eighth Warner, p ..0 0 0 on only one hit for Notre Dame, . .*Am Bredewater .....1 0 0 coupled with an error, two walks **Igney ... .0 0 0 and a wild pitch. Rupert, p 0 0 0 Art Breaks the Ice ^ ~ ^ Art Bredewater was the first ,. , „ 1 . V.. j, 1 , . *Batted for Warner m eighth. Boilermaker to hit safely, cracking ■ -,^.1 , a clean single to left in the third ••ten for Am Bredewater m eighth inning, but he died on first. Dickin. odn J ^1. d? 4.U -d-i. • , Notre Dame ....101 110 020—6 8 2 son opened the fourth with a single . . , , , TT dt ,1 j Tut. Purdue 000 100 000—1 4 4 to left, and Hearne followed with a hit which Hoag stopped behind Errors—Ray Pinelli (2), Lyboult, second base, but the Notre Dame Mackiewicd, Fisher, Thompson, infielder could not make the throw Runs batted in—Sullivan (3), in time. Doyle, Dean. Two base hit—OberMackiewicz flew to right, sending brunner. Stolen bases—Nardone, Dickinson to third, and Tommy Oberbrunner. Sacrifices — Hoag, came in with the only Purdue run Roy Pinelli (2), Dean. Double plays when Dean lofted a fly to center. —MackiewicztoSmithson toMackThompson lined a single to left in iewicz; Mackiewicz to Hearne to the eighth inning, but Arnold Brede- Smithson; Hearne to Smithson to water, batting for Warner, forced Thompson. Bases on balls—Off EmThompson, and Hunthausen retired mert (1); Warner (3); Rupert (l)d the next two batters on fly balls. Struck out—By Emmert (4); Hunt- ' '■ ' Miip—iwri ' i ■■ II hausen (3). Wild pitch—Warner. CAF T/S FliSfl Hflimrc f’^f^ base—Purdue (3); Notre dMC lU LiCii viliivlj Dame (5). Losing pitcher—^EmAt Annual Picnic Today The Society of Automotive Engi- NnHhufacffim NiiiA ” B ■ va IBB VWt#BWa ■■ Baaaaw neers will hold their annual picnic and election of officers at the Ro- |\ J O tary picnic grounds near Americas UOWflS VlHC3^0f J this afternoon. Members are to provide their own Chicago, 111., May 16 (Special)— transportation. Cars will leave at Northwestern moved up a step on 1 p. m. Games during the after- the Big Ten baseball ladder here tonoon will include tennis, volley ball, day by ekeing out a 4-3 decision soft ball,, and swimming. Food and over the Maroons on the Chicago refreshments will be served. About home field. Pitcher Syripg was the 36 members are planning to attend, winner for the Wildcats.
Ja, HERE
pick-up.
You Too can celebrate its balmy freshness by wearing American-Cleaned Garments Send us your wash suits and all your Spring Toggery NOW. Phone American! 3085 Dependable Dry Cleaners
p,
Soft Lights
Sweet Music and FLOWERS For the dance of the year certainly her corsage should be the finest. Clarkes feature the latest styled corsages, offering the finest selection of hybrid orchids, and ail other type of corsage flowers.
CtnuJc ^Jlo%aL
527 Main St.
Phone 5432
■ ■■■'I?3[txaL Clddu
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^nUcoA ■
Personnel Notes Company: Genei’al Foods Corporation, Battle Creek, Mich., manufacturers of food cereals. Representative: A. L. Brown, Supt. of Industrial Relations. Visiting Purdue: Wednesday, May 17th. Interviewing: M. E.’s. Those interested read bulletin in M. E. building and sign up in main office this morning. The Chicago Club of Charlevoix, 2541 Ewdiny Ave., Evanston, 111., is looking for an undergraduate to act as maintenance man at their summer club at Charlevoix, Mich. Duties would include minor plumbing ret)airs, attend hot water boilers, keep yard in order, supply ice for kitchen, etc. Salary $46.00 per month with possible $10.00 per month bonus. Job lasts from first of June to middle of September. Sign up in main office of school if interested. General Engineers To Hear Ledure On Salesmanship In ME Clarence Hem’y, public relations manager of the Chicago Board of Trade, will speak to students in the . general engineering course on “DisV tribution of Engineering Products” ^ tonight at 8 o’clock in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering building. The lecture, to cover the field of j salesmanship, is one of a series by authorities in this field, and will be open to all other interested students within the limits of the classroom, it was announced by R. Stainton, -instructor. Among those who have already appeared before the class are C. L. Saunders, vice-president of the Minneapolis Honeywell Regulator Co., F. A. Russell, professor of business organization and operation at the University of Illinois, and L. E. Grisco, business manager of the Dictaphone Coi'p. Dean Potter of the schools of enginneering will address the class at its next meeting which is to be held Friday, May 19. Faculty Express (Continued from page 1) will do initiative thinging to complete your explanation.” Co-ordination “We are experimenting in several departments to find the best method of co-ordinating the several instructors in the one course so as to have uniform coverage of material and uniform tests,” stated Prof. C. W. Messersmith, School of Mechanical Engineering. Prof. A. B. Abbott, of the physics department, added to the discussion the fact that “students want to be pToddfid, and won’t study unless they^ are forced to. Attempts are being made to specify weight of problems, which are made out in a large group for selection by the separate teachers, so as to make tests uniform.” Time Use “The keynote of putting classroom time to effective use is variety,” stated Prof. C. S. Doan, department of mathematics. Several methods of achieving variety were recomemnded by Prof. Doan. Questions and answers from the instructor and from the student are always good and tell clearly whether the class is grasping the material covered. “Memorization is not learning.” Prof. L. V. Ludy, School of Mechanical Engineering, mentioned numerous qualities that should be sought by a “good teacher.” Perhaps the most important list mentioned was a group of qualities suggested by the class of '34 and '35 after graduating, as compiled by Dean Potter. The six qualities named in order of importance were: Knowledge of subject, effective presentation, desirable traits, superior education, ability to manage a class, and practical experience. “Scientific Method” “The scientific method is only 300 years old,” mentioned Dean R. G. Dukes of the graduate school. The history of the uses of the method are very interesting# although the method differs very little from the natural processes of thought.” “Five steps are involved in a general definition of the scientific method. They are, in order: Collect facts systematically, approach subject without prejudice, realize possible sources of error, and then
generalize on natural laws involved. The last step is to prove your generalization on natural laws involved.
In at the cashier’s office by Wednesday, May 17, at 4 p. m. —BURNS.
Classified Ads
Independent Athletes: Reamer Club trophy will be awarded to the Independent Athletes with the high number of major, minor, and intramural points gained throughout the year. Anyone interested in being considered for the award should turn in his points in accordance to the rules posted in the Intramural office in the Fieldhouse. (5-20) —MIDDLBfTON.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday, May 17, at 7:46 p. m. Officers’ test, —SICKMAN.
MISCELLANEOUS
Catalyst: Important meeting Thursday, May 18, at 7 p. m. in Heavillon Hall. We will have election of officers. *—GRAICr.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main St.
Gold Peppers: Meeting for both junior and senior members Wednesday, May 17, at 8:16 p. m. in room P of the Union. Election of officers, moving pictures, and presentation of paddles. Please be prompt. —COOLEY.
FOR SALE—1937 Philpo Car Radio, cheap. Burnham’s Socony Station, State and Chauncey.
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Log log vector slide rule. Left on or near third floor of ME Building. Name, G. W. Fredeiick, on both rule and case. Glass in cursor cracked. Please call 6779 if found.
Gimlet: All members and pledges report to the Sigma Phi Epsilon House at 7:16 p. m. Wednesday, May 17, for initiation. Pledges get in touch with Perrin before that time for instructions. Also an important business meeting will be held at the Phi Delta Theta House Thursday, May 18, at 7:30 p. m. for election of officers. —SWAN.
LOST—About thiee weeks ago, onebladed black pocket knife. $2 reward. Mona Balcom
FOR SALE
W. A. A. Tennis: These matches must be played off by Wednesday, May 17, intramural tournament: McKnight and Reimann vs. Fishleigh and Thomas. Class tournament: Kirkhoff, Pigeon vs. Fishleigh and Thomas. Student-Faculty tournament: Will these girls see that their matches aie played off this week: Haltman, McKnight, Harrison, Reimann, Waid, Schroeder and Morris. —MATHER.
FOR SALE—One palm beach white suit Call 467 N. Grant St Phone 35191.
Campus Varieties Rehearsal; The following people please report to Fowler Hall stage Thursday, May 18, at 4 p. m.: Members of Harry McCrady’s Orchestra, members of Irvan Mauiy’s Orchestra, Russ Mock, Pat Heine, Ben Burns, Dick Pittenger, George Osborn, Marvin Smith, Bob Fitzgerald, Charlie Powell, and membe~s of dramatic skit. —MILLER
Playshop Workers: All active workers of of the past season should check bulletin board in Fowler Hall for list of new members. Any person whose name has been omitted should check with Naomi Abel before noon Wednesday, May 17, so that the proper arrangements may be made prior to the annual Stage, Stump and Studio banquet. (5-17) —ABEL.
Civil Engineering Students: Get your tickets for the banquet Thursday evening. May 18, from the student officers before noon of that day. If you can’t attend the banquet, be theie at 8.30 for the election of officers for next year. —AHRENS.
Life Saving: Class meets Tuesday and Wednesday, May 16 and 17, at 7 p. m. in the Field House. —RISSER.
All Students: Those whose course of study calls for electives during the school year 1939-40 must make a choice before the end of this semester. This applies to all present juniors, present sophomores except in forestry, chemical, metallurgical, mechanical, and public service engineering, and engi-neering-law. Offices of the heads of the schools and registrar have plans of study. These students should consult the Dean or head of his school at an early date. Those contemplating a change of schools are advised to file application before the end of the present semester. —STONE.
Purdue Riding Club: Election of officers Thursday, May 18, at 7:30 p. m. in the Student Union office. Full attendance is urged. —SUMMERS. Fraternity Presidents: Election of officers Thursday, May 18, at 8 :16 p. m. in the Kappa Sig House. A full attendance is necessary. —DEAN.
Prom Ticket Holders: Those who wish their money refunded must turn ticket stubs
Eta Kappa Nu; Meeting Thursday, May 18, at 7:16 p. m. in room 134 of the EE Building. Election of officers will be held. All active members please be present, —KECK.
YWCA: All Cabinet members desiring
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
5 Reasons Why BARRELED SUNLIGHT
IS BETTER Initial Whiteness, Spreading Capacity, Hiding Power, Easy to Flow and Lasting Whiteness It Costs No More Than Ordinary Paint. MOORE & KEMPLE HARDWARE Phone 2577 North Side Square
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Professional
"DEAC" Everything a Coilega Eckteation H. G. REISNER
'The Risk Dental Clinic RAUL A. RI8»Cr-O.DA HARCX.D [. RISK—D.D5. LUTHBt A. RISK—D.OS. Schultz BtrikSna 4h and Main Atone 5701
• Florists
• Jewelers
Dorner's Flower Shop
LYLE E. FISHER
Quality Flowers
WATCHMAKER
Mein at 7th Phone 6050
This la *11 we de, but vra do it waM.
Opfxwita Pom’ Offiea
• Play Golf
Wallace Biodi 322 Fairy St.
Day and Night Driving Range
—Now Open at—
R. j. BATH
LINEE'S FIELDS
Watchmaker
Lessons Given — at Reasonable Rates
Golf Clubs Repaired
605 Main St.
transportation to Mrs. Chandler’s dinner this evening. May 17, meet in YWCA office at 6:35. —COOLEY.
will be posted shortly afterward. —CABONARGI.
YWCA: Cabinet meeting in YW office Thursday afternoon. May 18, at 4 p. m. —COOLEY.
Alpha Phi Omega: Important pledge meeting today. May 17, al# 4:16 p. m. in room C of the Union. —CROXALL.
Mortar Board.: Meeting of pledges at 4 p. m. and actives at 6 p. m. Thursday, May 18, in the WSGA office. —WOOD.
Skull and Crescent Actives: Formal initiation Thursday, May 18. Meet at the Mechanical Engineering Building at 6:16 p. m. The banquet will be at 6:30. —HALL.
Student Peace Commission: Meeting in room F of the Union at 7 p. m. tonight. May 17. Robert Belcher Is in charge. —BELCHER. Senior Military: A representative from the Associated Military Stores will be in the supply room all day Thursday, May 18, with samples for the purpose of taking measurements and orders for ROTC equipment. This equipment will be delivered to the supply room in approocimately two weeks. —HOLMES.
WAA Baseball: Games at 4 p. m.. Ward 1 and 3 vs. Chi Omegas and Alpha Xi vs. Pi Phi. Class baseball practices Friday, May 19, and Monday, May 22. One prax:tice is required. —COOK.
Outing Club: Steak Fry Friday at WAA cabin. Meet at Women’s Gymnasium at 6:30 p. m. If you are going, notify Shawkins at 66714 or Marge Ward at 41111 by Thursday morning. May 18. —COOK.
Skull and Crescent Pledges: Meet at the Mechanical Engineering Building Thursday, May 18, at 6:30 p. m. for formal initiation. Wear a business suit and bring a suitable blindfold. —COLQUHOUN. Musical Organizations: Sign up in Music office, Fowler Hall, now for department banquet to be held May 26th. —STEWART.
Newman Club: Meeting of all new officers in the Union at 4 p. m. Friday, May 19. —MONSON.
Lafayette PhilateUc Society; Meeting tonight, May 17, at 7:30 in the rooms of Tippecanoe County Historical Society at 7th and Main streets. —MILLER. y
Independent Staff: There will be a short meeting of the entire staff Wednesday, May 17, at 7:30 p. m. Story assignments will be made. Staff: Brody, night ed.; Hess, copy reader; and Speidel, issue ed. A perfect attendance is expected. —TAFEL.
Wesley Foundation: All members and Methodist students are invited to a steak dinner Friday evening. May 19, at Battle Ground. Leave the Foundation at 4:15 by car. Tickets are 26 cents and admission is free to those who bring cars. —HOOVER.
A. 1. Ch. E.! Nomination of officers for next year will be held today. May 17, in room 201 of Heavilon Hall. —JACOBI.
Union Sophomores: Petitions for vicepresidential positions on Purdue Student Union Board for 1939-40 must be turned in to senior office by 12 p. m. Saturday, May 20. Petition blanks are available in senior Union office. Interview schedule
AIME: Election of offiosers 'Thursday, May 18, at 4 p. m. in room 202 of Heavilon Hall. —LOWN.
Exponent Sports Staff: Imimrtant meeting of all members of the sports staff in the Union offices at 7:80 p. m. today. May 17. _ _ —JENKINS,
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting today. May 17, at 7:46 p. m. in officers’ test. —SICKMAN.
Sophomore Chemicals; Please see Gedge or Mossberg in the qualitative laboratory this afternoon with regard to a petition concerning a change of time for the comprehensive exams announced yesterday. (6-16) DONAHUE, GEDGE, PRIMEAU.
^-^4 ^vicce66 With the coming of Spring you will be attending many Spring formats. Flowers will be one of the starting points for a successful evening. Match the flowers to her gown. Orchids, gardenias, roses, sweet peas and carnations.
Luna Theater Building
635 Main St.
Phones 7955 - 8050
WEST PRICED C
'1
SEE HOW MUCH MORE YOU GET IN A [>SON THAN IN ANY OF THE "OTHER THREE
Compare ROOM
Hudson has more room in the from seat, more shoulder room m rear seat,
more cubic feet of
more luggage space, than any of tb
“other three”!
PERFORMANCE ^oweft^wdght. And the new Handy Shift at the steering wheel is standard at no extra costi
Only Hudson has patented Double-Safe Hydraulics, Auto-Poise Control ^nd Dash-Locking Safety 4”? Sdson has by far the iosdest, safest wina shield vision!
AND Owners changing to ^“dson are amazed when they drive extra tens of thousan^ of miles without tnajor repairs ... gm 20 to 24 miles per gallon. Long lire means high resale value, tool
AND HUDSON PRICES START DOWN AMONG AMERICA'S LOWEST deliveredinDetroit, equipped to drive; including Federal taxes, not including state and local taxes, if any. Low time Paymenf terms, with new Hudson-C.I.T. Plan. Prices subject to change without notice.
D SO $i<?SEE US TODAY FOR A DEAL YOU CAN’T BEAT $ FEASTER MOTOR CO.
919 MAIN STREET
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
'1
(1-