Viht ?fS •
4
f ■ 1^ fi
u:<!
mmm
"'p.
'fv/
;Tr'
i
r i, 1% frl
/I'-l f/
'if rJ^**
« \ ^ /
'^SZXftf' k |rY,/r,s>
kW.
©he Purilue TSxaantnt
Published Daily By Students Of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVn Phillips Will Give Third Talk On Jobs Sales Manager To Present Employer’s Attitude Toward Grads As the third of the series of emjployment lectures for senior men and women, A. G. Phillips, sales manager of the Allied Mills, InC., •Chicago, 111., will speak in Eliza Powler Hall tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock on “What the Employer Expects of the College Graduate”.^ Phillips, a forceful speaker, is in charge of the sales force of one of the largest manufacturers of feeds in the country. He can view his subject from both the academic and commercial viewpoint, as he is a former member of the Purdue staff, heading the University poultry department from 1910 to 1926, when he resigned to accept his present position. Kansas State Grad A graduate of Kansas State, Phillips taught at both Cornell and Kansas State before coming to the University as the first head of the poultry department, which he organized in 1910. Following Phillips' address tomorrow, four more lectures will remain on the employment series, as follows; Feb. 27—“Letters of Application and the Interview”, W. E. Allen, director of personnel, L. S. Ayres & Co., Indianapolis; March 5—“Opportunities That Lie Ahead”, M. E. Coyle, president of Chevrolet Motor Co,, Detroit, Mich.; March 12— “Techniques of Effectiveness”, Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, consulting engineer of New York City and professor of management of the Purdue schools of engineering; March 19—“Finding Employment”, C. L. Harrod, president of the Indianapolis Light and Power Co.
V irtuoso
Detrwk To Address Ag Staff Luncheoii Charles A. Detruk, of Indianapolis, state park engineer, will be the guest speaker at the monthly agricultural staff luncheon to be held in the Memorial Union Building Monday, February 24, it was announced yesterday by Dr. F. L. Walkey, of the veterinary department, who is chairman of the ..committee ii charge of the luncheon. Other mem bers of the committee are: S. M. Walford, B. E. Montgomery, and Edna Troth. Detruk will discuss the recrea tional side of Indiana’s state parks, which should prove to be a subject of much interest to all staff mem; bers.
Fold! Miidner, nineteen year old Austrian concert pianist, who will appear with Emanuel Feuermann, cellist, at 8 o’clock tomorrow night in Eliza Fowler Hall. This will be the last all-University musical convocation of the year.
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 19„ 1936 Early Exponents Show Purdue Of ISOO^s; First Paper—The Purdue
By M, 6. WaltLer.
“In presenting the Purdne Exponent to our friends, it is with the hope that it may ever be the true index of the growing power of Pur-
due University.
. “We come to you with no flourish of trumpets and other brazen instruments, but modestly, yet with dignity, present our college paper, which, not only in this issue, but in months to come, will contain chunks of wisdom a&d ladles full of wit— (we say it modestly)—combined with all the attainable newslets of our busy little community within
Journalist
TWCA To Hear Talk On Orient By C. Robertson “Physical, Spiritual, and Mental Adventures in the' Orient” will be the subject of Dr. C. H. “Big Rob bie” Robertson’s talk at the Y. W. C. A. open meeting, to be held tomorrow at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Dr. Robertson has traveled extensively, and is quite familiar with the habits and customs of the Orient, having been a missionary there for a number of years. Following the meeting a social period will be held at which tea will be served. Mildred Mills, chairman of the program committee, is in charge of the meeting and will be assisted by Martha Cassel, chairman of the social committee, and Martha Wood.
Play shop To Select Cast Tryouts Begin Today For New Play ^ Tryouts for “Behold this Dreamer”, a four act, rollicking, sidesplitting comedy concerning love in a lunatic asylum, will be held this afternoon at four o’clock in the tower room of the Union Building. According to Mr. Gilbert Williams, director of the production, there are eleven character roles to be filled, and each aspirant will be given careful consideration regardless of past experience. Charlie Is Center of Plot Charlie, the young man around whom the plot centers is a normal, sincere young fellow who dreams of better things, but he is married to a commonplace, shrill-voiced, nagging wife, Clara, who of course doesn’t understand him. For a fathei, Clara has an admittedly self made man, large of stature and small of mind who takes a fancy at his own jokes and always laughs quite boisterously at nearly everything he says. A traveling sales man, quite obviously drawn to Clara forms a third of a triangle, while Constance, Clara’s opposite, adds to the general confusion of Charlie’s misei’able life. But Charlie has friends, and principle among these is Melodie, one of those beautiful, wistful, wideeyed, dreamy cieatiohs, who understands for the first time the real dreams of Charlie. The character of Blessings^—One-by-one needs no explanation; neither does that of D. D. D. their names alone being sufficient to classify them. Nondescripts Then there are* a few in the cast who do not seem to be friends of anyone in particular. They don’t even have a name, but they are important to the plot nevertheless. The grizzled attendant at the sanitarium is too grouchy and surly to tell his name, and as for that “Wild eyed Female”, she wouldn’t remember her name if she had one. The latter role should give some Purdue co-ed an excellent opportunity to display her dramatic a-
bility.
these gates.”—Thus reads the introductotry note in the first Purdue Exponent, monthly paper then, published December 15, 1889. Previous to this first issue of the Exponent, there had been a University publication called The Purdue, first printed in 1883. Edited by the four literary societies of the University, Philalethean, Irving, Carlyle, and Emersonian, this was “a college paper published monthly during the college year.” The price was $1.00 per year in advance, or fifteen cents per copy. The paper, published in booklet form, was per force more a magazine than a newspaper, and the contents were divided into four parts: editorials, literary and scientific, mechanical and agricultural department, and locals
Skipped One Issue
Today the mails must go and the Exponent must be published, but in 1883 the Purdue staff was not so conscientious, for in the October issue of that year appeared the fol lowing note: “On account of absence of several members of the
Green Potter Election Held Dickimson, Kirby, Edwards Chosen As Heads Tom Dickinson, Phi Delta Theta pledge, Boyette Edwards, Beta Theta Pi pledge, and Edmund Kirby, Sigma Chi pledge, were elected president, vice president and secretary, respectively of the newly organized Green Potters at a meeting of representatives from the various freshman groups on the campus held in the Union Building last
night.
After the election President Dickinson took immediate charge of the meeting and appointed Bud Fenstermaker, Phi Gamma Delta pledge, chairman of the Activities Committee of the organization. After calling the meeting to order temporary chairman. Sully Mason read the constitution of the Green Potters which was then approved by the assembly.
Discussion Meeting Held Over For Convo Because of the musical convocation there will be no discussion meeting in the Union Building tomorrow night. “Philosophy”, topic of last week’s discussion, will be carried over next Thursday night at 7:30 o’clock. The meetings, organized by Dorothy Kuehn, Union vice president, are open to interested students.
PIA To Hold Auditions For Amateur Show Auditions for an amateur show to be given by P. I. A. on March 1, in the Union cafeteria will be held in the tower room at 4 o’clock Friday. P. I. A. will award five dollars to the winner of the contest, to be judged by popular applause. The second prize winner will receive two dollars and fifty cents. The program is in the general charge of Kenneth Reiner.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Phi Pi Phi announces the pledging of J. B. Moorman, Indianapolis; and J. J. Dickstein, Chicago, 111.
staf, the September number of Tlie | Purdue was ‘non est.’ ” A picture of the University of that day is given by an ad appearing on the back cover of the same paper. It read: “Purdue University, the Indiana Industrial College, Lafayette, Ind. Purdue embraces three departments: 1. The College of General Science; 2. Special Schools of Science and Industry; 3. The University Academy.” And further: “The college provides four general courses of study; 1. The Science Course; 2. The Agricultural Course; 3. The Mechanical Course; 4. The Industrial Course. The special schools have been organized as follows: 1. Agriculture and Horticulture; 2. Mechanical; 3. Industrial Arts; 4. Chemistry; 5. Biology; 6. Mechanical Engineering.” President’s Duties Apparently at the time the President’s duties embraced even those now taken care of by the registrar, for another note added, “The annual catalogue will be sent without charge to any address upon application to the President.”
f
When the first Exponent appeared in 1889, it was still edited by the four literary societies which ran the Purdue. But volume XIV was published in 1902 under a new constitution, taking it out of the hands of the literati and making it a paper “by the students”. Until 1894, the Exponent was still a monthly publication, but from that year until 1897 it was published twice monthly. In ’97, the paper went back on a monthly basis, running in this manner until ’99 when it became a weekly. On February 16, 1900, came the first co-ed edition “published by the women of the University”. At this time the Exponent was still in pamphlet form and so remained until 1906, when it became a five column daily. It has continued since then as a daily publication, varying slightly in size but under the same concepts as expressed first in The Purdue, “a paper in the interests of Purdue,” and then the Exponent “by the students, and in the interests of the entire University”. Today approximately 125 persons work on the Editorial, Advertising, and Business staffs of the paper, which had its beginning back in the early days of Purdue.
Threshing Crew To ContinueBroadcasts The University Threshing Crew which is broadcasting today at 12 o’clock over WLS, Chicago, will also be heard from station WO WO, Port Wayne, tomorrow and Friday at 11:15 o’clock. These broadcasts are made possible by the University Agricultural Alumni Association, in cooperation with the two radio stations. The American Potash Institute, National Dairy Products Corporation and various other agricultural organizations are also assisting with the programs. Today’s Program Today’s program will begin with music by the Threshing Band and talks by R. B. Cooley, V. C. Manhart, T. E. Heinton, of the University staff, will complete the thirtyfive minute broadcast. The programs over WO WO will be of an hour’s duration and in addition to the speakers the broadcasts will be enlivened with music by the Singing Porters. The topic of discussion will be a trip through Indiana’s promised land—^the muck soil area. Several of the University staff members will speak and representatives of the agricultural associations will also contribute to the broadcasts.
Dr, Meade Talks At ASCE Meeting Dr. Daniel W. Meade addressed a meeting of the local chapter of the A. S. C. E. last night in the Civil Building. Dr. Meade, who was recently elected presidenl^ of the A. S. C. E., and who is one of the country’s leading hydraulic engineers, spoke on “Purdue and the American Society of Civil Engi neers. The guest speaker was introduced by Professor Greve, of the civil school, who took his master’s degree under Dr. Meade. The meeting was attended by approximately 80 neers”.
F. B. Hailey, head of the Indiana Associated Press Bureau, who will speak at an open meeting of Sigma Delta Chi in the peasant room of the Union Building at 7:30 tonight. AIEE To Hear Grad Tonight S. S, Green To Speak On Watt-Honr Meters At tonight’s meeting of the student chapter of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers, at 7:30 o’clock in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building, S. S. Green, vice president and chief engineer of the Duncan Meter Company, of Lafayette, will speak on “Recent Developments in Watt-
Hour Meters”.
Mr. Green is a Purdue alumnus and has worked since his graduation with the Westinghouse Company and the Public Service Company of Indiana, as well as with
seveidl other companies.
University Shares In Bennett Estate The estate of the late Eleanor Mooie Bennett, Washington school teacher, who died February 13, will be divided equally between Purdue University and the Home hospital, according to the terms of her will, drafted in 1928 with Joseph A. An-
drew named as executor.
Aftei pioviding for funeral and burial expenses, the remainder of the estate, including $10,000 in personal and $2,250 in realty property, will be liquidated and divided between the two beneficiaries with only the income to be used. The income from the University’s bequest will be applied toward scholaiships for girl students of Tippe-
canoe county.
R. B. Stewart Returns From Southern Tour R. B. Stewart, Purdue University controller, returned to the University yesterday from a three weeks’ trip through the southwest with Mrs. Stewart, that included a trip to the Honduras and Guatemala. On the return trip, he stopped off in St. Louis, Mo., to fill a speaking engagement, addressing the St. Louis Rotary club on “Handling P,ublic Business”. Stewart reported that there have been serious floods in the Honduras which will practically wipe out the banana production there this season. On the return trip, Mrs. Stewart, who is natioUal president of Delta Phi Delta, stopped off at the University of Missouri to inspect the chapter of the organization located there. Mrs. Stewart is expected to return here the latter part of the week.
Miller Will Address Alpha Phi Omega
Professor “Bill” Miller, head of the heating and ventilating option of the mechanical school, will talk at an open meeting of Alpha Phi Omega, Boy Scout honorary society, tonight at 7:30 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building, on the subject
“Human Engineering”.
In his address he will endeavor to show the real benefits of putting into practice the Boy Scout creed. All Scouts enrolled in the Univer-
sity are urged to attend.
Springer Appointed
Prof. G. P. Springer, of the school of civil engineering, was recently notified that he had been appointed a member of the national legislative committee of the American Association of Engineers. This committee will give immediate consideration to the engineering registration laws in the various states in an effort to clarify them and
make them more effective.
HIIMBEE97 Journalist To Address SDX Meeting F. B. Hailey Will Ex* plain Associated Work At 7 s30 Toniglit “Gathering and DisseminaHng News of the World,” will be the subject of Foster B. Hailey’s talk before an open meeting of the local chapter of Sigma Delta Chi in the Peasant Room of the Union Building at 7:30 o’clock tonight. Mr. Hailey, who is head of the Indiana Associated Press’ Bureau, will illustrate his lecture with charts and maps showing the intricate network used by the Associated Press in disseminating news stories throughout the world. Wide Experience Hailey has had a varied experience in the newspaper business, having worked on papers in New Orleans, Des Moines, Tampa, Miami, and New "York. In 1927, he went with the Associated Press, where he has served on general assignments, feature service, and as assistant to the Associated Press sports editor, finally becoming head of the Indiana Bureau of that or-
ganization.
After serving for eighteen months in the navy during the World War, Hailey returned to civilian life and graduated from the University of Missoiufi in 1924.
SDX Prize
At tonight’s meeting Sigma Delta Chi will also present a book as prize to the freshman or sophomore who has written the best article published in the Exponent, Agriculturist, Pharmacist, or Engineer last semester. The best article is being selected by active and alumni members of Sigma Delta
Chi.
Issue Home Guidebook With the printing of the 1936 Campaign Guidebook for Better Homes m America, Miss Isabel Hodgkins, assistant administrator in charge of the campaign, stated that the fifteenth annual drive for community improvement is actively undeiway. The Guidebook is being mailed to some 5000 Better Homes chairmen throughout the United States from the Better Homes jn America headquarters at the University. The booklets form the basis of organized effort throughout the country to help people improve their homes and their communities. The campaign culminates in Better Homes Week April 26 to May 2. Block Improvements The campaign for 1936 stresses the idea of improving and modernizing the entire residential block rather than isolated houses. An effort will be made to interest home owners and renters in entire blocks to improve their dooryards and gardens. In some localities demonstration houses will be used to stimulate new ideas, better homes and to show localities examples of modern trend in small dwellings. Elliott Writes Forward Dr. Edward C. Elliott is the author of the foreward in the 1936 Guidebook. In it he states that now as never before there is a need for more useful and reliable information on home building as a basis for sound action. Better Homes ia America was moved from New York City to the University campus last autumn because of the extensive research work under way on better housing and living here.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING \ Pi Beta Phi soi'crity announces the pledging of Rosemary Milbourne, Culver, Ind. John A. Leighty, who will to* ceive his Ph. D. degree in biochemistry in June, has accepted a position with the Eli Lilly Company, oJ? Indianapolis, where he is engaged in research along biochemical lines.
V km’-m ■i' i
J
V
vVitifie ^utbue exponent
Founded in 1883
fi
1986^1936 Meftiber Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of COIXEGIATB DIGEST
Member of Nationel Cktiles'd Press Association, Big Ten Editorial Association Exclamtely Bepresented by National AdTertising Senrice, Inc, 320 Madison Avenue, New Turk t^ty
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delirered by mafi, $Ss60 per year ; delWered by carrier, $2.60 per year ; sold by single copy/ 2 cents.
Business Phone 6088
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Edftoria! Phone 6087
Daily Stnd^t Pablication of Purdue Unirersity
Editoivin>Chief ; Managing Editor—^. ... Associate Editors Sports Editor.. A^ociate Sports Editors:......;... Sophomore Assistants... C. Harper, Bold and Black Editor...
EDITOEIAI, STAFF ..... .. 1. .Hi V. Henser H. Campbell M. ChastOen, C. M. Hardin, W. T. Hunt, E. H. Morris, M. 6. Walther B, Hays .... ...D. P. Mull, H. Walpole, L. D. Wood .—K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, R. L. Gribb, A. H; Forster, Jr., M. Kohr, R. P. Manion, D. M. Meaebam, C. L. Sadler G. F. Roquemore, R. C. Schenek, J. L. VonHars ....W. ». Abbott
Business Manager.—..—......
BUSINESS STAFF
..:......i.W. A. Koch
WOMEN'S STAFF Editor..—. ^ — ; Joyce Willisuns Associate Editors.—..^ . Helen Creech, Edna HntsoB, Ellen Mann Sophomore Assistants. L...... .....Jean Brown, Jean Spehner Marjorie Louis, , ■ •Jeanne Janonsek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke, Esther Turley
Wednesday, February 19, 1936,
Issue Editor-—Ko A, Barnette.
, The Supremacy Of The, Supreme , , When the New Deal’s social legislation became reality and test cases as to the validity of certain enactments were brought before the Supreme Court, that tribunal assumed a new position of prominence in the nation’s limelight. The Gold Clause decision, NBA, AAA, and others were reflected'in business transactions, and the recent TVA decision “gave Wall Street the jitters”. As the decisions of the (jourt assumed an anti-New Deal color, there arose a movement to test the invalidating authority of that body, especially since that power is vested through precedence and not through delegation. The favorable outcome on Part I of the TVA will undoubtedly calm the troubled waters j but the thorn will still remain in the side of those who have as their pet peeve the Nine Old Men. Now comes a release from the Associate Collegiate Press which says that “a revision of the Constitution so as to check the power of the high court is favored by a majority of students”. We know not how the survey was made, but the veracity and thoroughness of the statement is certainly challenged. “Curb the Court and rewrite the Constitution” is the cry of those who believe this country has reached a period of stagnation in the consistent trend of progress. “It has not kept pace with the times,” is the charge. “It is just as ridiculous to write a Constitution in 1936 for 2083^s it is to believe that our present one, written in 1789, fits the needs of Americans inl936.” Possibly a revision is needed in this primary document of American government. The writers predicted this necessity and provided means for amendment. They also provided a system of checks and balances without which no nation has been able to survive. Those who would limit the power of the Supreme Court to deciding only those questions that Congress stamped with its approval would destroy this system and vest complete control outside the judicial branch of government. When a substitute replaces an established document such as the Constitution, something better will be expected as the replacement. To date, it has not put in its appearance. Furthermore, a sigh of gratification might well be heard throughout the nation that there is a final authority above Cong|“ess after such le^slation as the recent Bonus Bill became law over the President’s veto. When a body is swept off its feet by political or emotional pressure, we can thank heaven for the supremacy of the Supreme Court.
: READERS’ OPINION ' The Exponent welcomes comments oi good teste end reasonable length from its readers. Typewritten articles are preferred.
A New SportsmansMp
To the Editor; If a theater were to promote an extensive sales campaign and offer season tickets for all performances, we would joyfully aeqept the plan, especially if the season were sold at bargain prices. But if five thousand tickets were sold and only three thousand seats were available, who would raise a big stink when all five thousand people crowded into the three thousand seats ? It is this unsportsmanlike attitude of the Purdue Athletic Association that allows a few hundred students to stand at each basektball game. Did they pay for seats? “You’re darn tootin’ ’’ they did! Maybe the “stander uppers” should help their cause by forming a “National Union for Social Justice”. Or should we be the early bird? A problem for the Student Senate no doubt. Well, at least we can look down upon those that sit. ■■ R. B.'
Commeiits On The Past To the Editor: After reading the Exponents of the past few weeks 1 have a few suggestions to make. As: Our “Co-edits” seems to think that “beauties” should be chosen on the strength of their wisdom. Far be it from me to start an argument with a woman or women, but if one is holding a “beauty” contest I would say the winner should be a beauty and not a traveling dictionary. (If there is such a co-ed running around any campus.) And while on the subject of giving dirty digs, may I give this suggestion to some of the edit writers of your illustrious column. It is granted that the movies do stretch things a little about campus life and all that stuff, but who wants to go to a show and see a lot of students studying? Most of the?people that participate in this sport have seen enough (and probably have had enough, generally speaking) of school in their lives and it gives them great pleasure to look at a “stretched” show and think that maybe they too could have fallen in love with the prof’s daughter and made good in a big way. It seems to me that the majority of the shows that I have seen in my short life are not the real thing, but, of course, I rtiay be mistaken. But for the life of me I can’t find anyone who has jumped from an airplane and run through an army of savages to rescue the beautiful maiden and has then fallen in love with her. So, all in all, the campus life in pictures or any other story can hardly be taken as the truth. We, the general public, would hardly care to see a show that, happens day in and day out in our own lives.—C. R. B.
CO-EDITS
Found in thfe GoBtrib Box / V . three sour epntribs, a stick of Doublemint, and a brassiere straj), Gan hardly wait / till tomorrow’s
grand opening.
An Alfazee-Teke alliance reads something like this: “Louise Biad
1 J -4. 1, 1. 11 1. ounKy jiuny, a recent issue oi ley and Marguerite Call shall be ■ i, . . .. jointly claimed and used by both „„i4.„ » i. . f , „ mu j « -ii 4. of its questionnaire returns houses.” The word “used” evident- , .. 1 4! 4. 4.1. Tt • o J - with numerous comments, for ly refers to the Union Sunday Eve- „ 4.u u » . Vogue tells us the college man’s
ning program.
. . . ^ THE P. E. ALIBI Can’t study in the fall— Gotta pla^ football; Can’t study in the winter Gotta play basketball; Can’t study in the spring— Gotta run track. ...
—Villanovan.
Afterthought . . . j didn’t like your ole pin, any who! Co-ed: “What does ‘davenport’ suggest to yOu ?” Dumb Ed (any ed) : “A city in
Iowa.'
Pifi Caldie, heart beating rapidly, was called to the phone by a MAN —the first this year—only to find a freshman inquiring about a math
test.
A contributor nom-de-pluniing as “Bashful” thinks B & B is a lovelorn column and sends in the following— , TO BETTY V. I like you very, very much. In fact, you are the nerts. You’ve got so much of such and . such. You’re the top of alt the skirts. Of all the co-eds at Purdue You are the only one I ever hope to try to woo. Oh, gee! Oh, gosh! Such fun! Ed: Take it easy, my boy, it’s leap year ... and Barnett is well, take it easy, anyway!
Emr On Chifi An Asset Says Bearded Senmr The owner of the only undergraduate beard at the University of Minnesota, Herbert Jensen, a senior, says that raising a set of whiskers is the easiest way to lose an inferiority complex, to find a broadminded, intelligent girl, or to impersonate a faculty member. ; He says the feel of a crop of manly whiskers on his chin helped him to get rid of his inferiority complex, due to the virile feeling imparted by the chin foliage. He also asserted that, “I have the assurance that any girl, who goes out with me is broadminded and intelligent.” Faculty Cordial The faculty members are very cordial to this wearer of the only campus hirsute appendage. They shake hands with him in the classroom, nod to him on the street, and treat him as a colleague. He says that the cultivation of the beard suffered several severe setbacks at the hands of fraternity brothers, but his perservCrance won out in the end.
A -f
^ 4
■f 4
4 -f -t- 4 4 4 BASKETBALL
4 4 4 4 4 4 4> 4
Today
Court 1, Hutt 7:00—Red Vs. Green. 7:16—-Blue vs. Brown. —Phi Gamma Delta vs. Pi Kap pa Alpha “B”. 8:40—Delta Upsilon vs. Delta Sig ma Lambda “B”. Court 2, Humphrey 7:00—White vs. Orange. 7:16—Gray vs. Black. 8:26—Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Pi Kappa Phi “B”. 8:40—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Lamb da Chi Alpha “B”, Court 3, Scrivnor. Cary Hall 7:00—First Floor North vs. First Floor East. 7:16—Second Floor North vs. Sec ond Floor East. 8:26—Third Floor North ys. Third Floor East. 8:40—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Tau Epsilon Phi “B”.
CORRECTION Ward 2 defeated Ward 4 in class “A” basketball Monday night, 44 to 36. The game was scheduled for last night in the account carried in yesterday’s paper.
College Men Comment On
Fashions
Purdue cjbllege men s£^ ‘Tleiase, ■Vogue, keep women’s skirts long.” :In ahswpri tn Vdgue’s! questionnaires; filled out tiy under^aduates fooiid: Hrincetonj iSFew Jersey, to Leiai^ Sthi^ord, California, the college men’s ynte; produced the lowdotyn on women’s fashions from the masculine viewpoint; Under'the ritle 'Slinky Fluffy”, a recent issue of
leges very strongly recommended that all the bright red nail polish! be sunk to the bottom of the ocean. I’he question ot pewume brought, an affirmative answer but was widely qualified: “not too much”, (One direct answer was a scrawl: “Night in Paris.”)
OUR EiHgER WAVES aw tha latest creations. Try ours for next Friday night. And Only 36c. Complete with ■■■ St
'jfelp;::Aai^ Heur.,
opinion makes about six years of a girl’s life into success or failure.
As to the male preference in women’s day clothes, there was unanimous shout of: “sports clothes !’^ Concluding details; suggestions and cautions for simplicity, they emphatically declared ;“sport clothes are Hie httiarifest; thing ever conceived fdr n pretty girl.’’
The question of preference for slinky or fluffy evening dresses brought a national landslide. Slick —black—sophistication in satin is the overwhelming favorite, particularly as the ideal of the eastern college men; but further inquiry shows that the choice of the southern gentlemen is contradictory. The
4°'* t?'* Though the questionnaires popMV ■’ r’s ped and crackled with sparks of enso !h of th. M ” thnsiastic suggestions and remarks south of the Mason and Dixon hue. fq, benefit of the college worn
en of America, the critics finally
The constructive criticism from concluded with poetic and philpso-
Slightly foreign to fashions was a rating of qualities whic^ College man of America considered most importaht in a girl. He asks for vitality first; she must be supercharged. He has a passion for neatness, and is easily embarrassed by twisted stocking seams and sensational hats. Georgia Tech makes a plea that Vogue “initiate a hat that looks like something. Most of these futuristic headpieces look more like icebags to us than anything else.”
these eagerly expressed opinions
also included a preference by an feminine, hence plenty of feminine overwhelming majority for the stuff. Dress isn’t meant to be a smart rather than pretty girls. Al- criterion of a lady’s intellect.
though twelve Dartmouth seniors
hedged with “nothing but both for modest charm is far more effective us” the greater numbers said “lots than artificial fads.” (Brown) “The of pretty. girls can look awfully most important role which dress
sloppy, but if she looks smart we
think she’s pretty.
In addition to answering these questionnaires with untold enthusiasm, specific pleas were earnestly made. “Dear Vogue: Please do something about evening dresses which the gals hold the skirt of up.” (Columbia) “Cut out trains.” (Yale) “How’s about Vogue putting pockets in women’s clothes so we don’t have to carry things for them?” (West Point) Besides doing away with trains they say (“Ditto muffs that drop, ditto long earrings that dangle, and ditto do-johnnies in the hair.” The college man of America has a profound horror of what he terms “overdressing”, his number one criticism on his girl’s appearance. The cry for simplicity is consistent. Number two fault harks back to over-use of cosmetics and perfume. They want to be fooled by artificial aids to beauty— never to be made aware of them. Hobart and about twenty other col-
Youngr enough to be theoretical; old enough to be practical. RICHARD J. BATH WATCHMAKER 608 Main St.
DEAG HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G, REISNEE
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbook at the MITZI SANDWICH SHOP 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
Risk Deiital Clinic
PAUL A. RISK ROBERT G. RISK HAROLD J, RISK LUTHER A. BISK 489 Schultz Bldg. PS&offlo 6791 Comer 4ih und Mala
PHOTOS Eni&rgomente 2ic niter’s SMio....138'Man I
Learn to Dance By Enrolling in Our New Beginner’s Class' For Ladies and Gentlemen Wed., Feb. 19, 7:00 p. m. Adult Beginner’s Tap WED., FEB. 19, 8:30 p, m. Phone 2160 ALLEN^S 6th & Ferry
phical touches. “Girls should look
(Yale) “It is nay belief that natural
can play in a woman’s life is to accentuate her natural beauty and if possible withdraw man’s attention from what she physically
lacks.” (Fordham).—M. C.
a typewrite^
msizeani^ifjt The finest porlqble fypewrirer in Ih.e world —beautifully smooth—responsive—rapid in action. A truly universot typewriter—for personal or office Vse. Yet costs nq more thqn on ordinary portable with similar equipment. Convenient poyments if yok wish. . . *65
LAST DAY
A II C LAST TIMES TODAY
SHORTS also NORMAN FOSTER FLORENCE RICE in ' Escape from Devils’ Island
The SMITH-CCiROM
—os they soy at the Beaux Arts—iuslplaini Red and Block down on the form—Brick Reel and Block—in Higgins' American Drawing Inks. A great pair to draw t» or with. The sixteen Higgins' Colors give d full house tho* you con always bonk on. CHAS.>i. HIGGINS A CO.. Ine. 371 Ninth St. Brooklyn, N. HIGGINS' American DRAWING INKS
IDEUaEPBIliUin mm
nFiiaiiifiKiu ^EN snapp^ peanantg A —ideal decorationa for mcm or car Of grip—now free! Authentic designs; each pennant bears official seal of each University in group. Now given with each AuTOPonstT or Realrre penefl. Seven 10-pen-nant sets altogether; each set different; collect them all! See Autopoints and Realises today, with the ^elusive easier-writing Grip-Tip and modem simplified mechanism that always works. Leads can't wobble. All sizes, styles, colors 25c to $3. AT ALL LEADING DEAUERS
^themEetttr Pgnsi!.h, A -,^4
Boilernlakers Play Wildcats Saturday Northwestern Game In Evanston; Minnesota Here Monday Purdue’s pre(?arious perch on the top rung of the Big Tep ladder will be anything but an easy seat over the coming week-end as the pacesetting Boilermakers tackle Northwestern at Evanston on'-Saturday night and then return here to meet Minnesota’s “upset” quintet on Monday night. Although Purdue already holds victories this ' reason over both of the week-end’^ foes, neither triumph came^ without a struggle, and the Boilermaker speedsters will be forced to set a fast pace as they battle for the right to share in Big Ten honors for the third successive year. Wildcats Saturday The immediate interest of Boilermaker hardwood fans is focussed on the return tilt with the Wildcats on Saturday night, for although Purdue holds a top-heavy margin in 27 games played since 1919, with 22 victories againSt only five losses, all of the recent battles have been thrillers, with last Saturday’s 31 to 27 decision no exception. The long range shooting ability of the Wildcats provides the main worry for the Boilermakers in view of last Saturday night’s exhibition. Unable to elude the close guarding of “Red” Lambert and Pat Mala^ka, the Wildcats were trailing 27 to 16 with five minutes left to play when they finally threw caution to the winds. Five long range shots in rapid-fire order yielded as many field goals, and what had been a rout was turned into a bitterly contested battle in the final seconds. In the effort to chalk up the ninth successive Big Ten victory of the season, Coach Ward Lambert intends to stick to the same combina' tion that started against the Wildcats last Saturday. Austin “Red” Lambert, whose defensive play has been outstanding all season, will be at back guard, and fiery Pat Malaska, midget sophomore, at floor guard. Ed Elliott, sciappy senior, whose defensive play has been ap important cog in Purdue’s successes, will be at center, with the two left-handed scoring aces. Captain Bob Kessler and Jewell Young, teaming at forwards.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Delta Sigma Lambda fraternity announces the pledging of R. D. Arnold, Salem.
These men represent the Purdue Golden Gloves Boxing team which has been entered in the town tourney. They are the winners of a series of elimination bouts held at the University earlier in the year. First row—left to right—Mann, Byme^ Dix, Long, Louis, Giles, Marchey. Second row—Giovani, Bacharach, Burks, Coach Maxwell, Holland, Record, Steelman.
Kessler Hits Century Mark Purdue’s colorful basketball squad, which can always be depended upon for forty minutes of sustained action, will need all of the scoring power at its command Saturday night as it tackles Northwestern at Evanston in a return game that will determine whether the Boilermakers are to retain their hold on the undisputed leadership in the Big Ten race. Purdue’s two agile southpaw forwards, Capt. Bob Kessler and Jewell Young, who have been pacing the well-balanced scoring of the Boilermaker squad in the eight Big Ten games played so far this season, are expected to be the mam scoring threats against the Wildcats, although Pat Malaska, Glen Downey and Austin Lambert are all apt to pop into the field goal column with regularity in any given game. The complete individual scoring table for Purdue players who have appeared in conference games so far this season follows.
Name and Position
Bob Kessler, f
Jewell Young, f Paul Malaska, g Glen Downey, g Austin Lambert g
John Sines, f Ed Elliott, c
Cairol Mangas, c James Seward, c Charles Budd g
John Bruce, f Bob Smith, g
Ercell Cummins,
G FG 8 41
Vincent Holloway, f 1
Totals
FT FT PF TP 18 40 6 100
138 61 79 92 337.
Key GP games played, FG, field goals; FT, free throws, Second FT, free throws missed, PF, personal fouls, TP, total
points
SPECIAL
We are prepared for limited time only to give the best Oil Permanent Waves at remarkably low prices. Shampoo, haircnt, hair set and dried, all complete. Our location now at 12 Main St., opposite Methodist Church.
West Side Beauty SKop
Phone 7888
The New Junior ^i^Jasher Stidsnts I We wish to show you a new washing machine, made especially for you. The JUNIOR WASHER is the size of a large kettle, and is adapted for towels, J underwear, socks, ^ stockings, lingerie, co^- ^ lars, and numerous ^ other items. As a DRY CLEANER there is no equal. THE JUNIOR WASHER IS ANOTHER STEP TOWARD ECONOMY FOR THE STUDENT. The price is
TRY THIS MACHINE FOR TWO DAYS WITHOUT ANY OBLIGATION WHATSOEVER. SPERB Hardware...822 Main
Six Purdue Men In Gloves Final Tonight Keen Competition Marks Tourney Bouts Six of the men depicted m the picture above will see action tonight when they engage in the final bouts of the local Goldem Gloves boxing tournament, to be held in the Lafayette Armory, beginning at 7:46 tonight. The men on the Purdue team, who have survived the grueling elimination rounds include Steve Bacharach and Joe Giovanni, in the middleweight class; Gerald Dix, a lightweight; Carl Mann, in the featherweight division; Steelman, in the bantamweight class; and Emmett Markey, a flyweight. Opponents Bacharach and Giovanni will meet Wade and Virgil Stephens in their matches tonight. The two Stephens are brothers, hailing from Ambia. Gerald Dix rates mention m his division by virtue of his classy boxing and an ability to punch like a middeweight. Mann is about evenly matched with his opponents in the featherweight class and the result should be plenty of excitement. Steelman should give his opposition in the bantamweight division plenty of trouble while Emmett Markey, in the flyweight division, has a reputation of throwing a lot of leather for a little fellow.
Archery Oub Issues CaM For Newcomers The Purdue Archery club is now open to all men and women interested in archery including beginners, as well as advanced archers. An informal discussion on the technique of skillful shooting will be held at the first meeting. Novel shoots will be sponsored every other week, and as soon as the weather permits there will be outdoor shooting. There will be a regular meeting of the club every Wednesday at 7 o’clock in the Wom^ en’s Gym, with the first meeting tonight.
Pi Ta.li Sigma Holds Bowling Tourney A large turnout of fourteen honorary and twenty-one active members of Pi Tan Sigma, mechanical engineering honorary fraternity, participated in a bowling tournament held at the Lafayette Bowling Alleys last Monday evening. Each team was composed of the eight high scorers of tjhe evening, and the actives won with a margin of 304 points. This is the first of a series of sports events to culminate in a dinner for the winners at the expense of the losers. Later on, baseball, handball, and golf tournaments will be arranged.
Results; Faculty
Venemann Robertson
Jacklin
Gray
Endsley
Actives
608 499 466 444
481jStrauss 446(Abbott
441|Callahan
432|Lynch
388lDyrenforth . 434 Messersmith 358|R. Shoemaker 433 Sleight 358|Bahr 399 Miller 343|Ritchey 368
Total
3,247 Total
3,661
IM Department To Hold Ice Skating Carnival An ice-skating carnival, sponsored by the intramural department, will be held on Stuart Field jjust dast of the Armory Saturday a't 2 o’clock. ' Among the events to be held are: figure skating for both men and women; a 220 yard dash, three times around the rink; a half-mile race, twelve laps; a 220 yard backward race, and a mixed doubles 220 yard race. Intramural medals will be awarded to the winners and runnerup in each event. Those who are intertested should sign the entry blank posted on the bulletin hoard on the outside of the office.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity announces the pledging of Chester H, Rosohacki, East Chicago.
Athletic hash will be the ntettu offered by the Intramural Department when they present their annual sports carnival Wednesday, March 4, Athletic endeavor ranging from novelty roller skating races to grunt and groan wrestling matches will be on the card. Eight weights in both boxing and wrestling will take part in boots of two rounds of two minutes each. Those who like to pick them up and put them down will be found walking the mile course in the walking race. For those who would rather exert themselves while remaining more or less in one spot the tug-of-war IS offered. Air-minded persons are urged to out for the rope climbing contest. At present there is a need of wrestlers in the lighter weights and boxers should turn out in greater numbers also. An athletic carnival participation trophy is to be awarded the fraternity accumulating the greatest number of points. The points will be computed on the following basis: One point for each individual competing in the Walking Race, Rope Climbing, and Tumbling. A
Co^ed£t WHi Otgatihie Brnktdhm Bmtd All co-eds interested it j^ketiwll officials will meefr today at 4 o’clock in Miss Bra#^s office in the Women’s Gym to form a basketball official board- A tutikni will be dtnwn np and at a later time the necessary examina-* tions will he given. This will be followed by petitioning to> the Na» tional Official Board for membership. In the National Board there is a possibility of being rated as either an “A” or “B” official.
J"
maximum of two points is allowed. Three points will be awarded for each individual taking part in the Wrestling, Boxing, 440 yard run {Varsity only) and the mile run (Varsity only). Five points will be awarded each organization competing in the Silver Derby, Tug of War, and the Relay race. Three additional points will be given to each individual winning first place m each individual event.
SUDDEN '’service
iRINTING 08ie« SMionofy. ^ Wedding Invitailon*
PHONE ^ Ssla# Books, Elc.. ^ S 6 2 8 CASSEL'S 408rERRy
Brink Blilk for More Energy Cal JOHNSON Phone 41213^
Milk is yoiar best food— it’s paeked full of nutritive dements that your body needs. Eicb in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
Union dairy
The Saga of Progress In'the pioneer days, when a mao desired anything he had to go out in quest of it to satisfy his wants. The modem way is by use of classified advertising. You can get results in the Purdue Exponent at the low cost of 2c per word. ADVERTISE in The Purdue Exponent
^ A
■'?
1? j fi kt
i i H M.i
fT S
I Classified Ads. I
TYPEWRrtERS ADDING MACHINES^Por sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. P. Eberahoflf, •606 Main St. Phone 2779.
For SiJte—^Desk model Philco radio. Small size, works fine. Inquire at Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. Fifth.
For Rent^-Good single room. Board available. 432 N. Grant.
Try Chamberlin’s delicious specials for this week—^White House, Cherry, and Vanila.
By J. N. Davis
Bloomington, Indiana. In the last four days, I have attended on the campus of Indiana University three meetings open to the student body which well illustrate what is being done here by way of extra-curricular education.
NOTICES
No notices ueeptedl .fto? t p. at.
Art Exhibit—^AU persons desiring to enter any work in the Big Ten art exhibit see Ruth Anspach today All entries must be in by tomorrow —ANSPACH
Co-ed Fencing—Everyone meet in the gym at 8 tonight —HADLEV.
Glider Club—All members who want coveralls with the dub seal either pay or get in touch with me by tonight. —WILTSHIRE
P I A. Independent Publication—^Anyone having an article of interest for the March issue of the Independent, please bring it to the P. I. A. OfiEice or to the P. I A box at the Union desk by Saturday —SCHLUNDT.
Admittedly, the possibilities of extra-curricular activity are not equal at Purdue and Indiana, since an engineering curriculum no doubt reduces the student’s leisure time and thus furnishes a good excuse for the lelatively small paiticipation at Purdue. However, I was surprised to view even here an audience of ovei eight bundled students and membeis of the faculty turnout to heai Katheiine Turner Garten review a book (a biography of Mary of Scotland, by Zweig). Of course, Mrs. Garten lends much by way of dynamic stage presence to which the audience was very responsive.
Alpha Phi Omega—Important chapter meeting immediately after open meeting —SACHS
Pnrdue Flying Club—Meeting tonight at T 30 in Union —ASIRE
Orrtiesis—^Important meeting at 7 45 tonight. —^McEEE.
Archers—^Meeting of the Purdue Archers club in the Women s Gym tonight Tliose interested in archery are ui ged to come —liSS.
Piayshop Board—Meeting tonight at 7 30 in Playphop office —^HOLDBIN.
Descriptive Geometry—Exams for the removal of conditions and incompletes will be held Saturday, February 22 from 1-4 Airangements should be made with me not latei than February 20 —PORSCH.
Union Workers—My committee will meet in the Union office at 4 —SHOEMAKER
Union Workers—Our committees meet at 4 m the sub-basement —JUMP, PUGH
Ur ion Show -Entire cast including the chorus, will meet in the tower room at 7 ’SO tonight —ANSPACH
Union Workers—^My committee will meet m the Union office at 4 today —GRIMM
Ceres—Meeting tonight at 7 at the Union Building An illustrate lecture will be presented —McKINNIS
Horticultural Society—Meeting at 7 tonight at Hoit Building Election of officers Eveiybody be theie —STEVENS
Christian Science—A meeting of the Christian Science organization tonight and toraoriow night at 7 15 in peasant room of the Union
Fraternity Athletic Managers—Have your relay teams work out afternoons on the gym track There will be a man there with a stop watch and batons for you —HAMILTON
Oregon University Holds ^^WMskerino^^
The student Open Foium is a periodic meeting of all students interested in cuirent social pioblems. A faculty membei who has particular contact and knowledge of available speakers arranges for a professional lecturer to deliver a forty minute> talk, the university paying his fee. Then a thirty minute forum IS conducted in which the speaker answers, to the best of his ability, all questions asked by the audience A few nights ago. Rabbi Cheriy, of Indianapolis, spoke to a forum au dience of over foui hundred on the subject, “The Right To Be Different”. This proved to be an interesting discussion of the rights of the individual as treated and maltreated by Fascism, Nazism, Russian Socialism, and Demociacy
Evepy Wednesday morning at 9:30 the university sponsors a convocation. All classes ard dismissed (regardless of what big-wig is delivering his pet lecture series). This week. Dr. P. L. Dengler, note^ educator and League, of Nations committeeman from Austria, spoke on the possibilities of a United Europe. Assemby Hall, where the convos are held, was filled.
These three meetings are representative of the activities here considered as a definite portion of the student’s education. Purdue, being an engineering and technical school, naturally does not stress such things as much. However, in the student body of Purdue subjected as it is to technical discipline, there lies a vast amount of latent avocational interest. This has been proven undisputably by the growth of the convocation audiences that now overflow Purdue’s inadequate gathering places. And it has again been proven by the rapid growth in popularity of the glee clubs These activities grew in almost sterile conditions from which such a response coi^d scarcely have been forecast.
Who knows to what furthei extent these hobby clubs and such may develop as interest in them becomes vital to the student body ?
Assuredly the new student forum staited at Purdue is a worthy project and its survival will indicate to the Administration that therein lies a vital stud'ent interest not to be denied. The Open Forum at Indiana IS m its second year of existence, and began from just such a small group interest as is being shown at Puidue. Now it averages an audience of fom hundred students. The subjects chosen are scarcely as ambitious as “compaiative leligions” 01 “contempoiaiy philosophies”. However, neither the speakeis noi the subjects assigned them are conservative just because they ai e faculty sponsored
Mrs. Garten gave her first book review here to an audience of twenty 01 thirty people last yeai. The University Bookstore payed her extiemely modest fee. Gradually as
IT’S NEWS
^ ♦
When weather performance breaks all records—it’s news...it’s news, also, when we tell yon we are getting the best results in history from our modem cleaning methods.
Naphtha Monite Carbon^Tet cleaning Moth" Proofing Process Cleaning
NO ADDITIONAL CHARGE FOR THIS SERVICE
hmmi
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CL0'1;HES
she became known, the students began coming to hear her, until now they fill Alumni Hall to capacity. Her fee has increased ten-fold, but at that it is not one-third the usual fee payed to a speaker on the Purdue convocations. Perhaps someday the traditions to which the Convo Committee cling that make convocations few, far between, and expensive will be broken, that it will lealize the scope as well as the possibilities of extia-curiiculai education and entertainment, and, fuither, that it might beneficially extend its sponsorship to include less pretentious but no less worthy activities. \
moted to the position of assistant chief engineer of the Anaconda Wire and Cable Co., according to woid received here.
proof wire development, and his Success in the post led to the recent promotion.
In connection with his studies of weatherproof wire for the engineering experiment station following graduation. Carter received his master’s degree in electrical engineering in 1929. In 1932, he left the University to accept a position with the Anaconda Wire and Cable Co., at Hastmgs-on-the-Hudson, New Yoik, in chaige of then weathei-
Students at Martha Berry College in Georgia may dance only waltzes and quadrilles, have dates of only an hour and a half duration on Sunday, may not have radios in their rooms nor enter into competitive athletics with other colleges.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Leonard L. Carter, E. E. ’27, Receives Promotion
Leonaid L. Caitei, who was giaduated fiom the Univeisity school of electrical engineeiing in 1927, and foi five yeais following giadu ation was associated with the Uni-1 versity engineeiing expeiiment station in the development of weatherproof wire, has recently been pro-'
Try one of our especially fine Sheltonic Thermique Permanent Waves at I $2.50 Permanent—special this month at $1.75 Or 2 for $3.50 Also New Ray Machineless Permanents at $3.50 and $5.00
MINETTE BEAUTY SHOP
Phone 2067
In a lonip similai to the local “Riveteis’ Rassle”, sophomores at the Univeisity of Oiegon went na tive Fiiday night at what they term the “Whiskerino”. The whole affaii was peimeated by a “homey, piison infoimality” the walls being decorated with fifteen muials of solitaiy confinement cells in which were placed pictures of many piomment sophomores. Prizes were offered for the longest, blackest, toughest, and many other types of beards During intermissions, a “kangaroo court” was held and various campus celebrities weie put on the caipet for “petty” violations