Today's Editorials Fraternity' Managers Council. Machine Shop Lamps.
Purdue
WEDNESDAY
April 12,1939
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 154
Bennie Burns Will Head Journey's End' Cast Bennie Bums, playing the part of Captain Stanhope, will head the cast of Playshop’s next production, “Journey’s End,” scheduled for production May 10-13. Announced yesterday by J. E. Dietrich, Playshop Director, the complete cast is as fol- "■ lows:
lU, Purdue AChS Plan Joint Meeting Here On April 22 Dr. K. Hickman of the Eastman Kodak Co. will speak at a joint meeting of the Indiana and Purdue sections of the American Chemical Society to be held here on Saturday, April 22. Dr. Hickman will speak on “The High Vacuum Distillation of Natural Oils.” Dr. Hickman’s address, which will follow a dinner meeting, will be preceded by a full afternoon’s entertainment, consisting of an inspection of the Purdue campus and laboratories, golf, and attendance at the Purdue-Chicago baseball game. At the same time Dr. Hickman is speaking, Professor Shreve, of the chemical engineering school, will address a special meeting of the visiting ladies. He will speak on “Gems.” The lectures will be followed by dancing and cards in the faculty lounge of the Union. Reservations should be made with C. L. Shrewsbury in the Chemistry Building. Tickets for the dinnerdance, which will be held at 6 p. m. in the faculty lounge, will be 76
cents each.
Flying Cadets Will Take Physical Exam Near End of Month Seven inspectors of the United ^tates government, constituting the examining board for Flying Cadet Applicants, will visit Purdue to con-
duct physical examinations about _ April 24, Medical inspection will BStS 111613 PI
also be conducted by the army in-
spectors.
Qualifications for the Army Air Corps consist of: Unmarried men of excellent character, citizens of the United States, between 20 and 27 years of age, of sound physique and excellent health, who have completed at least one-half of the credits for graduation from a fouryear course of a recognized college or university, or who pass an examination which is the equivalent
thereof.
The following remarks are quoted from letter of instruction for the information of all concerned: “This board is interested primarily in obtaining applicants from the senior students. It is refusing to accept applications of students who have not already completed two years of their work. Applicants should furnish birth certificates. This requirement i? problematical; we anticipate, however, that it may be required for present applicants.” All persons interested should secure the necjessary data required and take it to the adjutant’s office at the Armory, where the necessary application blank will be completed and held for the examining board. Copies of pamphlets containing instructions may be secured from the adjutant’s office at the Armory. Model Airplane Club To Pick Insignia Tonight Model Airplane Club will meet this evening at 7 o’clock in room C of the Union. Members will select an insignia and name for the club and discuss a constitution. Following spring vacation, about 15 model planes have been brougljit to the campus and plans will be made for a contest.
Captain Hardy Barney Tetter Lieutenant Osborne Fred Ahrens Private Mason Dick Coleman 2nd Lieutenant Raleigh
Dave MacMillan
Captain Stanhope Bennie Burns 2nd Lieutenant Hibhert . .. Charles Hart Company Sergeant Major . ... Robert Hettema The Colonel . Jack Armitage 2nd Lieutenant Trotter
.Seymour Udell
German Soldier.. Joe Martin Tickets will go on sale in the Playshop office starting the week of
May 1.
Ludberg Will Lead Co-op Discussion At Forum Tonight James Ludberg will act as chair-
man at the co-op forum which will be held from 7 to 8 tonight at the Wesley Foundation House at 436 State street. This is the last of a series of classes for those interested in the co-operative movement. The subject for tonight’s discussion will be “The Future of the Purdue
Co-operative Association.” Don Smith, Edward Brown, and
Miss Claire Coolidge, assistant dean of women, will be the other speakers in the panel discussion. The meeting .will be thrown open and questions from the floor will be in order after the discussion is completed. Rev. McFadden urges all those who desire to be considered for places in co-op houses next year
to attend.
social fraternity announces the election of the following officers; president, A. R. Shackleton; vicepresident, W. T, Sullivan;'treasurer, R. W. Van Hook; secretary, R. N. Brown; rush chairman, John Graham; house manager, W. B. Strong; freshman chairman, J. Messmore; social chairman, W. H. Murray.
22 Teams Enter Bridge Tourney; Limit Set At 68 Cont-est Starts At 7 Tomorrow Evening Twenty-two teams had entered the all-campus bridge tournament by last night. Play will begin tomorrow evening at 7 o’clock in the Union ballroom. Sixty-eight teams of four will be allowed to enter the tourney. Each team is required to sign by 1 o’clock tomorrow one of the new application blanks now available at the West Union desk. Those teams which signed the older forms must sign one of the new ones in order to be eligible. Every team entering the contest is to select a name for their particular group. Winners and runners-up will be given appropriate trophies or awards. The tournament is in charge of Julius Born, Lafayette bridge professional. J. Hinshaw Elected NISA Board Head Jerry Hinshaw, Ag ’39, was elected chairman of a board of eight members which will be in charge of the National Independent Student Association conference to be held here next year. He was selected following announcement of the selection of Purdue as next year’s convention site, made at the two day NiSA conference which was held over spring vacation at the University of Kansas. More than 120 students, representing 26 colleges from all parts of the country, attended the convention. Purdue’s delegation consisted of six students; Jerry Hinshaw, D. K. Wells, Jayne Myer, Mary Glenn Yeager, Don Rice, and Rolfe Jenkins. Women's Club To Meet Tomorrow Afternoon “Flower Arrangement” will be the subject of an informal discussion at a meeting of the Purdue Women’s Club art section tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building. This program has been arranged as a forerunner of the Flower Arrangement Contest. The contest is open to all members and will be held on the afternoon of April 18 in the reception room of the North Women’s Residence Hall.
Should Man Wait For $2^000 Income Before Marriage?'-No^ Says Dr. Rice
'Mikado'Will Run For Three Days; Extra Date Added Because of popular demand, this year’s all-campus show, “Mikado,” will run for three days instead of the scheduled two. New dates for the show are April 20, 21, and 22. Reserved seat ticket holders may get their seat numbers at the Playshop office in Eliza Fowler Hall beginning Friday, with the deadline set for next Monday. Starting today, both general admission and reserved seat tickets will be on sale outside the sweet shop door. General admission tickets are 60 cents, and -reserved seats are priced at 76 cents. Ticket salesmen will wear gold arm bands with “Mikado” printed on them. Contrary to popular campus belief, the show will not be black-face. Debate Turns Into Round Table Bob Sasser and Bob Buckles, two members of the Purdue debate team came storming into the Exponent office last night shouting with all of their oratorical power, “We must be vindicated.” During spring vacation Buckles and Sasser scheduled a number of debates with Southern universities (incidentally they won the only two decisional debates), including the College of the City of Charleston (South Carolina). After wiring the South Carolina college that thejy would take the negative side of the question, the Purdue debaters found the Charleston affirmative team “out of town,” and received a razzing on it from various papers. In the face of this difficulty, with neither team wishing to support a contention in which they were not fully prepared, a round table discussion on the subject was substituted. PI A Tea Dance scheduled for Saturday has been called off because of conflict with the Purdue-PDttsburgh baseball game, announced Don Rice, member of the PIA board, yesterday.
Lab Group Stages 'Deathless World/
'Drunkard' Tonight Aspeds Of Marriage'
State Health Chairman Discusses 'Biologial
Two one-act plays, “The Deathless World” and “The Drunkard” will be presented by the Playshop Laboratory Group tonight at 7:30 in Fowler Hall. The plays are being directed by Sam Marks and Joe Martin respectively. As has been the custom, the audience will be invited, with no admission being charged. “The Drunkard” is a revival of an old play originally produced by P. T. Barnum between 1840 and 1860. Every effort has been made to produce the play in the spirit of the times. Projected scenery will be used instead of the modern scene units. Altogether there are twelve scenes, and the cast is large. “The Deathless Wofld” is a play of the future, taking place in the year 2100. By this time science has become so advanced that no one dies; it is a “deathless world.” The futuristic theme has been carried throughout the production of the play. Education's Job Is Citizenshlp-Puckett \ “Our one job in education is citizenship” said Dr. R. C. Puckett, the principal of Chicago Heights high school, last evening in his talk on “Administration of Extra Curricular Activities and Organization of the Home Room” in the Education Building before a mixed audience of an estimated 100 students and teachers. Continuing Dr. Puckett said “The one thing that we want in education and which we cannot get is the knowledge of how to get along with people. Our schools must be set up as a laboratory where we can ^ learn to work together.” He went on to explain his views on the modern systems of education and organizations in high school and more especially how to conduct the home room. After he had spoken for some 45 minutes, Puckett then conducted a round table discussion of various related topics and answered questions from the audience.
^Arouse The Student’s Curiosity/ Says Marshall
“You can lead a student to school, but you can’t make him learn,” sums up R. B. Marshall’s philosophy of the maladjusted University student, Marshall, himself a graduate of the school of Electrical Engineering, joined the staff of that school in 1936, being given the rank of instructor two years later. He has realized the fact that before you can entice the student to grasp a new subject it is up to the instructor to show the student the reason for its inclusion in the particular course. In other words, an interested student is a receptive student. If the instructor can make him want to learn, the actual acquisition of the knowledge will follow naturally out of sheer curiosity.
Plays On Curiosity
This particular “good teacher” often resorts to such expressions as “Notice how amazing this is,” or “Someone must have been very clever to have thought up this device,” to play on the student’s curiosity. Such deliberate outbursts as th^se, coupled with his jovial sincerity and individual interest in the student, makes Instructor Marshall one of the most popular and successful teachers on the EE staff. Because students often are inclined to shy away from fromal mathematical derivations and proof in the operation of some new piece
of apparatus, Marshall believes in thorough orientation preceding any description. He believes the class should lead in a discussion concerning the usefulness of the device, its place in modern practice, and possibly its historical background. Not until all of these possibilities have been exhausted should the formal proof of its behavior be unfolded. In this way the student is unconsciously led to demand the proof rather than having it forced down his throat. Bring Into Realism Another essential principle of instruction which Marshall appreciates is the bringing of a subject out of the lealm of intangibility into the light of lealism. If the class can handle the article under discussion or even see a photograph of it, the job of fixing in their minds its principles is half completed. Local inspection trips are sometimes made possible to serve this purpose. His ideas concerning the touchy problem of tests and examinations follows the modern trend. “Most of my tests are given for some purpose in addition to the determination of grades. Sometimes I give an easy test to find out just how bad off some of the poorer students are. Sometimes I give a hard test
to find out just how good some of the better students are. I only use test grades as evidence to be considered in making out the final grade. My final grade is not determined by iron-bound mathematics.” Test Ability To Reason “All of my tests test the student’s ability to reason. Memory students usually find my tests difficult. Reasoning students usually find them easy.” He strives to develop the student’s reasoning power rather than his ability to grasp a few items and retain them long enough to put them down on a test paper. His instruction therefore gives excellent preparation for the time when the student has exhausted all modem texts and is forced to continue on through the resources of his own reasoning power. Marshall names public enemy No.
Good Teachings ♦ . . . and the personalities of those at Purdue who possess this art will receive recognition in the series of articles being published in these columns. This is the fourth of the series.
1 as the student that sleeps in class, thus wasting both his own and his instructor’s time. Second comes the man with excessive absence because he believes that class attendance is primary and home preparation is secondary. Class is the place where difficulties are ironed out, and it should be attended regularly. Demon Procrastination “Probably the greatest contributing factor to student delinquency is the old demon procrastination. One common series of events that leads to difficulties, starts out by putting off the books until late in the evening. This is followed by staying up too late. Then comes the matter of getting up late, missing breakfast or even missing the eight o’clock. Those in the last stages of this disease sleep in
class.”
Secondary to his interest in new developments in the field of electrical engineering comes Marshall’s love of the out-of-doors and dabbling in household mechanics. He continually practices many of the building trades around his home and some day hopes to bujid a house from sciatch doing all the labor himself. Add to this his skill at bowling and his devotion to his three young daughters and you’ll find a busy but happy man.
“Should you wait until you are settled with a permanent job and are receiving $2,000 a year before you marry? No! I married whea I was $200 in the hole,” was one of the comments of Dr. T. B, Rice, speaking before a group of over 400 senior eds yesterday afternoon in the Electrical Engineering lecture room. Dr. lliurman Bice, chairman of Indiana State Board of Health, had trouble leaving the crowded lecture room after two hours of speaking. Dr. Rice chose the “Biological Aspect of Marriage” as his subject for the fourth of five marital lectures. Bob Schumacher introduced the speaker, who was obtained by Prof. O. F. Hall. Curve Should Go Up “It is far better to succeed in your home life and fail in everything else, than it is to succeed in all except your married life,” was Dr. Rice’s introductory statement. “Happiness in premarital relationship should follow an ever increasing curve, and should not jump up and down,” was another thought that Dr. Rice left. Speaking very informally, mixing humor with seriousness, and quoting personal experiences. Dr. Pice was received very enthusiastically. He spoke to over 75,000 high school and college students last year. After speaking for one hour, a fiVe minute intermission was called and questions were written down by students, collected, and answered during the last half hour of discus-
sion.
Marriage In School? The question of marriage in school was also brought up and discussed. Provided that marriage can be agreeably arranged with the aid of both families, it is often preferable both physically and mentally than delaying. “A wife should be a helpmate and should expect to do with less during the first part of her married life,” was the attitude advocated for wo-
men.
An interesting question was also asked by one worried ed. “Can romance be kept up by mail when you can see your girl friend only two weeks out of a year?” The answer given was that it was very possible provided that the worried engineer could see the girl occasionally to be assured of her personal charms, as well as her mental charms. Music Room Hangs Oil Painting Exhibit An exhibit of 32 oil paintings by George Wilstach, local artist, is now on display in the music room of the Union Building. Sponsored by the Student Union, the exhibit will be open to the public until April 21. The paintings include landscapes, seascapes, and scenes depicting the seasons. Most Of the paintings were done at either Gloucester, Mass., in Vermont, or in the vicinity of Lafayette. Wilstach is a member of the Hoosier Salon and of the North Shore artists. Mathews Will Play At Mixer Saturday Matt Mathews and his 10-piece orchestra from the University of Illinois will be here for the regular dollar Union mixer to be held in the ballroom Sattirday night from 9 till 12. Mathews, featuri^ his girl vocalist, Barbara Hiuis, has played fraternity dances on this and a number of other campuses.£xlljHffdaL
THE PDBDTJE EXPONENT
■vnS-V'
■H
J’SCdtuMA.
Wednesday, April 12, 1939
Fraternity Managers Council.. . . . constitutions are now in the hands of the presidents of Purdue’s fraternities. Before this council can be put into effect this constitution must be ratified by all the chapters which intend to take part in the new program. Prompt action on the part of all houses will be necessary if this plan is to be put into effect in time for the beginning of next year. We urge each president to see that this is taken care of immediately. This new Council will provide the machinery for a fraternity cooperative buying establishment—a venture which is expected to save each chapter in the neighborhood of a thousand dollars a year. A buying staff will be formed to take care of purchasing all fraternity food. By buying in wholesale quantities this staff can save a great deal of money. Food will probably be bought largely from local merchants, so that the plan will ncft necessarily take money out of Lafayette, although this will be left to the discretion of the buyer. Much credit will be due to the fraternity presidents who have initiated this scheme and done all the work necessary to bring it near to completion. If genreal approval is given soon, these men will be able to see their project be^n operation.
Machine Shop.. .n
. . . students this year made desk lamps as one of their regular projects. These lamps were made in a variety o^esigns and for several different purposes,'1out it seems to us as if one very good application of this lamp construction idea might be emphasized. Purdue students, finding the need for long and concentrated study, generally spend many after-daylight hours at their desks. Far too many of these desks are illuminated by cheap lamps and bare bulbs, with the result that many students first wear glasses while attending the University. According to engineers, indirect study lamps living up to I. E. S. standards are necessary to avoid eyesttain. With this in mind, those in charge of the machine shop work in practical mechanics might do well to alter their lamp design enough that the student could attach an opal
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the jKJst office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, anthorlaed January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $8,60.
Editor-In-Chief. Business Manager
H. I. Stanback .R. R. Hfensler
PXJBLiCATlO»r STAFF Managing Editor City Editor D. A. Bail^ Associate Editors—G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, E. K. Insley, W. A, Kroeplln, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson Sophomore Assistants—E. Ahlf, R. Beer, R. D^oog, R. Donahue, P. Ganzar, D. Heiple, R. Howard, C. Leber, R. Massey, J. McKee, C. McKeigban, M. Miers, M. Patterson, R. Taylor, K. Thompson, J. Willsey, A.
Yates.
BUSINESS STAFF '
Assistant Business Manager. A C. Keevea Local Advertlflinif Manasrer — ....B. Me Antonim Circulation Manager F. Berg
V. Daugherty H. W. Nevfn
„W. E. Smith
Sales Manager National Advertising Manager. Accounts Manager
Art Director—
_D. 3. Henhinger
CO-ED STAFF
Editor Associate Editors.
..Sally McKee
Elditor Associate Editora.
.Joy Johnson, Georgeann Shilling, Betty W^ckard
SPORTS STAFF
^ R. li. McDonald
..J. A. Hebbeler,
R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard
EDITORIAL OFFICE
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 40QS, ask for Exi^nent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6038
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fleldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
rbprEscnteo for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison AVE. NEW York, N. Y. CHicASO ' Boston • Los Ansei.es - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and publiBhed by undergraduate students of Purdue Universi^. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Terrio Issue Editor—Taylor Wedneseday, April 12, 1939
Bm>,
glass shell and a shade to form a safe study lamp. These Jamps could be made in quantities and sold at cost in order that all students might have a chance to get an indirect illumination on their study desks. In any event each student taking the machine shop course could make one of the lamps for himself.
'Tobacco Road' To Play Saturday At Mars Theater
a jji.
By Georgann Schilling
John Barton As Jeeter Lester No other stage play of many years has been received with such favor by college professors and students everywhere as “Tobacco Road,” Jack Kirkland’s historymaking drama of the poor sharecroppers of Georgia which will pay its second visit to Lafayette when it is presented at the Mars theatre for two performance, matinee and night, on Saturday, April 22. Purdue has been one of the 16 colleges and universities to use the play in published form as extracurricular work in its English department, among the others being Princeton, Northwestern, and the University of Pennsylvania. One of the most interesting engagements the company has played this season was a special performance given in the Memorial Theatre on the campus at Chapel Hill, N. C., at the invitation of University of North Carolina, the only other play to be so honored having been “Green Pastures.” More than a thousand would-be spectators were turned away. The company to be . seen in Lafayette is the only one on tour and in headed by the noted dramatic star, John Barton, who has the central role of Jeeter Lester.
Happy Easter, eggs! ’Twas a nice week of play wasn’t it? And so sweet to get back in that old scholastic groove. This should be the week of post-lenten sprees—soda pop ones, of course. —H-H— The Chi Omegas will take over the Union ballroom Friday night for their Senior Farewell Dance. The frolic will be a long dress affair for the co-eds, but boys may wear either winter or summer formal attire. So there will probably be a mixture of tux, tails and white coats. Harry McCrady and liis band boys are to furnish the downbeat. —H-H— Mary Jean Light, last year’s coed Debris editor, and Hugh Forster, ,former Exponent Associate Editor, will be married Saturday night at a double wedding at which Mai’y Jean’s sister, Virginia, will also be married. The wedding will take place at the Memorial Temple of Sigma Alpha Epsilon in Evanston. Bob Hensler and Rip Manion from Purdue are to be ushers at the wedding Saturday night. Mary Jean is a member of Pi Beta Phi, and Hugh is an SPE. —H-H— The SPE Dinner Dance at the chapter house, the Lambda Chi Monte Carlo dance, and the regular mixer will share honors on the campus Saturday night.
Famous Stage Play NOT A PICTURE RETURN engagement BY DEMAND ONE DAY ONLY, Matinee and Night, APRIL 22 HationA £p*c oj tkt SieufiL iMl
SEATS ON SALE TODAY! Look at These Popular Prices! NIGHT: $1.65, $1.10, 83c MATINEE: $1.10, 83c, 55c (Federal and State Taxes Included)
ImtAMST Diseasseo srMB play in thbatkical msTOKf X
K
Dates for sorority and fraternity spring formals are being set. May 12 has been chosen for the Annual Airport Dance at the hangar. Remember what fun that was last year with dancing in the hangar, tables and chairs scattered about outside, and night plane rides to add thrills and chills. But remember, kiddies, you came to college for an education, not to play around at dances. Well, that’s rationalizing, anyhow. PERSONNEL NOTES Company: Hobart Mfg. Co., Troy, Ohio. Products: Electrical food preparr ing machines. Representative: Guy S. Frisbie will visit Purdue shortly to interview engineering seniors for employment in his company’s engineering department and science and engineering seniors interested in sales. This is a 10 million dollar corporation, the largest manufacturer of its kind in the world, with plants in Troy, 0., Canada, England and France. Seniors interested sign up in the main office of their school. ^ Company: Republic Steel Corporation, 118th and Burley Ave., Chicago, 111. Representative: F. C. Farrell. Visiting Purdue: Thursday, April 13th. Interviewing: ME, CE, EE’s interested in production in the steel industry. Those interested sigh up in the main office of their school at once.
. . . evidently some people took our little joke about the prom orchestra seriously . . .. just goes to show you, if you’d read the whole column, you wouldn’t be disillusioned. . . if you’d send in more contributions, the column wouldn’t be so dead that you wouldn’t rfead the last line . . .
... here’s a telegram received from an fid . . . “Dear Brothers ... oh, boy, oh boy—bang, bang ... was married last night at eight ... to H——with Purdue.,. will continue my stay. . Love—^Mr. and Mrs.
. . . and the ndws as to the fellow in question is somewhat a deep dark secret ... at least for a few days ... boys at the fraternity house betting even money on its veracity.
... Some co-eds experience love, others love experience.
GLAMOUR GIRL TACTICS Courtesy of PWCWP . . . 1. Never make it too easy for a boy to date you. 2. When you do accept always make a point of discussing the fine points of at least two other hoys you have been out with. 3. Hold, him to strictest formalities in conversation. 4. If he is still interested in you at this point, disappoint him at least twice more in the matter of dates. 5. If he is still feeling like calling on you, you can feel sure he is either near perfection or a glutton for punishment.
. . . the PWCWP means “Purdue Women’s Club of Woo-Pitching.”
. . . all those who wish to join, call anyone of the members . . . first to enroll have been Jane Haltom, Parker Wynn, Yvonne Holden, Virginia Beck, Dorothy Miller, Ellen Kepner, Mary Lou Swaney, and Martha Wood. Honorary members . . . E. E. Loveless and Yvonne Price . . .
... in the spring a young man’s fancy lightly turns ... beware, thou winter sweethearts!
. . . lips that touch wine shall never touch mine said the fair co-ed . . . and after she graduated she taught school for years and years ...
. another boy who went on a
yAlRS TOMORROW-FRIDAY
R Piranounl Plctiirt iritb
CHARLIE RUQQLES MARJORIE RAMBEAU GliarieyGrapewin> Evelyn Keyes m Broderick Crawford • Billy Lee ^ — LAST DAY — CAROLE LOMBARD JAMES STEWART — In —• 'MADE FOR EACH OTHER'
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Li<
Copr. iniLftp hslted Fntan Syndfetti^ Iii&'
•4-n I
‘Yesterday I lost control of the car and drove past three bargain sales before I could stop it.”
vacation and came back minus his pin ... SAM MARKS left his Sigma Nu pin in New York with alumni Fuzzy EARNESTINE BROWN . .
. . . the slogan adopted by LEE BOSSONG must have been “Short and Sweet” .. her romance with her Lambda Chi pin man lasted just 13 days . . . she gave it back so quietly that it ended almost before .it was observed . . . was this 13 a lucky or unlucky number?
. . . they laughed when I invented dynamite but when it went off, they exploded! . . . Dear Mama: Why are the Chi O’s getting so stuck up? They got the great big Union for their dance
ARC
—LAST DAY—
—: and — 'HUNTED MEN' — WITH — LLOYD NOLAN ALSO Lasl Chapter "SPIDERS WEB"
THUR.-FRI.-SAT. "SOUTH OF ARIZONA" 'LUCK OF THE ROARING CAMP' "FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS"
STARTS TOMORROW
n’LL GET REVENGE ..WITHIN THE LAW!” BayardVeiller's stage smash . . now storms from the screen C N Wmi into your heart!
w/(h RUTH HUSSEY TOM NEAL PAUL KELLY WILLIAM GARGAN PAUL CAVAHAGH RITA JOHNSON SAMUEL S. HINDS • LYHNE CARVER ■ SIDNEY BLACKMER JO ANN SAYERS • ANN MORRISS — LAST DAY — SHIRLEY TEMPLE RICHARD GREENE — in — "THE LITTLE PRINCESS"
but are getting awfully Scotchy when it comes to giving out bids . . THOUGHT FOR THE MOMENT: Between the saint and the sinner The distance is vast; One has a future The other a past.
LUHA STARTS TOMORROW
2 FIRST RUN PICTURES
— and —
— LAST DAY — JOAN CRAWFORD — IN — "THE SHINING HOUR" — AND — "THE LITTLE TOUGH GUYS IN SOCIETY' 20c to 6 then 10-20-25c
knAiil
TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS 'THE MYSTERIOUS MISS X" — WITH — MICHAEL WHALEN MARY HART — PLUS — "TOUGH KID" — with — FRANKIE DARRO
STARTS TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE A Fur Flying Romance For A High Flying Time! "BRINGING UP BABY" — WITH — KATHERINE HEPBURN CARY GRANT — PLUS — "CHARLIE CHAN AT MONTE CARLO" — with — WARNER OLAND
-^COMING — Fred Ginger ASTAIRE ROGERS — IN — THE CASTLESWednesday, April 12, 1939
THE PURDUE
WAA News
Penny Carnival
Freshman Track All interested in outdoor track report immediately to Fieldhouse. —WILKENING.
Fonseca To Give Demonstration, Show Movies Today
Pircite PersonQlities Former While Sox Boss To Display Diamond
Fundamentals In 'Baseball Week' Inaugural
Barkers, penny concessions and a midway will carry out the World’s Fair theme of the WAA penny carnival Friday in the Women’s Gymnasium. A cup will be given to the sorority having the best booth, and there will be a prize for the booth taking in the most money. Refreshments will be sold during the evening and from nine o’clock on, a dance will be held. This carnival is sponsored by Sportswomen and WAA. Banquet The WAA annual banquet will be held this evening at 6 o’clock in the Home Economics Building. All co-eds whether members or non-members are invited. The program for the evening will consist of installation of new officers, pres'entation of awards and pledging of the girls to Sportswomen, senior co-ed athletic honorary. A film taken of sports on the campus, especially of hockey, will also be a part of the program. Tickets for the banquet are priced at 50 cents and are now on sale at the WAA office and the Union Building. Athletic managers of the sororities should obtain tickets for their houses immediately, according to Georgia Walker, WAA president. Play Day Program Two hundred girls representing Indiana high school athletic associations will be entertained by WAA with a play day program Saturday. Swimming, volley ball, ring toss, kick ball, and folk dancing will be included in the day’s program which begins at 9 a. m. The delegates will have luncheon at the College Inn, and the Modem Dance Group will give an exhibition.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
psdda/iii.
^JwiciL
By Bruce Witwer Notice to all travel bureaus . . . Steve Bacharach is heading for the Pacific Coast in May and all material about the World’s Fair and California’s glamour would be appreciated • . . Steve was the only winner in the Lafa;(^ette divisional amateur boxing tournament to win out in the State meet . . . and now he goes to San Francisco about May 12 for the AAU finals which will be a part of the World’s Fair attractions. —^fc— Talking about the West . . . rumor has it that the track men are dickering with Washington Huskies to send their crew around for a meet . . . after swimming around an inundated track Monday it was generally conceded that more would be accomplished in boats than othei'wise. —fc— Any expert on riflery should donate his services to the Intramural Department in this time of dire need . . . Monday the finals in the fraternity rifle meet found the Pi KA’s and Sig Ep’s having a merry battle for first place . . . the final targets were graded and the PiKA’s were patted on the back as victors ... then the targets were re-graded and the boys weren’t so sure . . . only one point separated the two teams out of a possible 600 . . . now the town is being scoured for an expert with a guage, calipers, and no biased opinions.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
Equaled by few rival shoi’tstops of the big leagues, Floyd (Arky) Vaughan provides a real spark for the Pirate organization both defensively and at the plate. Unusual for most major leaguers, Vaughan’s minor league seasoning lasted only one year, which was spent with Wichita of the Western League. This ^ear he is entering his 8th campaign for the Pirates with a lifetime batting, average of well over .300. Last season his .322 average ranked him fourth among the National League batters. His bat was the most dangerous of his circuit in the 1935 season when he topped the league with a .385 mark. Pupil of Wagner In the field Vaughan has the ability and aggressiveness that typified the greatest shortstop of all time, Honus Wagner. Wagner, who is now on the Pirate coaching staff, is largely responsible for Arky’s development. Sharing top honors of the league with Durocher of Brooklyn, he fielded .961 last sea-
son.
Arky may be counted upon for several seasons of more than satisfactory shortstopping, as he is only 27 years old. A resident of California, he stands 5 feet 10 inches skyward, weighs 170 pounds, bats left-handed and throws righthanded. Red Cross Teacher Will Hold Advanced Life Saving Course During the week of April 17, John Herndon, National Life Saving representative of the Red Cross, will be on the campus to give a life-sav-ing instructors’ training course. The course will be open to all swimmers holding an examiners’ emblem or a senior life saving certificate, j Before qualifying for this advanced course under Herndon’s supervision, each applicant must complete a preliminary course of instruction. This preliminary instruction is being given each night from 4 to 6 p. m. this week at the Fieldhouse.
HUDSON DEALERS ARE GIVING APRIL BUYERS
BUSINESS IS GOODWE NEED USED CARS! IF YOU’RE DRIVING a Ford, Plymouth, Chevrolet, Hudson, Hudson Terraplane, Dodge, Pontiac, Buick, Oldsmobile, Chrysler . . . bring it in to us TODAY! Let us appraise it... see how much we can allow you in trade on a new Hudson. GET OUR BID BEFORE YOU BUY! MORE MONEY TOR YOUR CAR !
MORE CAR
FOR YOUR money
• In any popular price class, from America’s lowest to beyond $1000, you can get more car for your money in a Hudson. That’s not a claim; it’s a fact you can prove. Whether you go by first impressions—good looks, smooth handling and riding, roominess and comfort—or whether you make a hard-boiled comparison on every detail, you’ll reach the same answer—that you can spend less and get more in a Hudson. Find out before you buy! FOR SPRING! 2NEWHudsons AT PRICES STARTING $50 LOWER... AMONG AMERICA’S LOWEST
delivered ia Detroit, equipped to drive; including Federal taxes, not induding state and local taxes, if any. Lp^ time payment terms, 'with new Hudson-C.I.T. Plan. Prices subject to chango without notice.
AMERICA’S SAFEST CAR
i6S5
HUDSON
Pewey Feaster, Prop.
FEASTER MOTOR CO. 919 MAIN STREET LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
“ Mace Stanley Brown, unquestionably one of the finest relief hhrlers of any diamond era and convincingly capable of pulling enough rescue acts to assist the Phates in gaining the American national sport classic —the 1939 World’s Series, will be among those athletes from the city famous for smoke who -will invade Purdue’s baseball field this Saturday for an exhibition contest with Dutch Behring’s Boilermakers. So brilliant was his relief work last season that his teammates and sport writers began calling Brown by the nickname of “Fireman.” Brown did not start and complete one game during the 1938 season; nevertheless, he was the winner of 15 games and loser of but nine. Just four other men in the National League were able to beat the ’38 pitching record of Brown. Lee and Bryant of the Cubs, Weiland of the Cards, and Derringer of the Reds. This is all the more remarkable when it is considered that a relief hurlefi works against odds in the toughe^ kind of circumstances, being called usually when the enemy is in a hitting mood and everything looks darkest. ' Why He’s Good Add to these rare qualities of endurance and ability to come back quickly the fact that Brown is the possessor of more stuff (on the ball) than any Buc starter, a clean liver, a college graduate, coilrageous and hard working, never the complainer of a som* arm, and you will have the reason why Mace is one of the big reasons why Pittsburgh is conceded to have a bright pennant chance again this year, a chance that it kicked away with just eight days remaining in the ’38
schedule.
Mayer Ariide On Drainage Appears In 'Ag Engineer' “An Approach to Better Drainage Practice” -written by I. D. Mayer, associate in agricultural engineering, was published in a recent issue of the “Agricultural Engineering” magazine. The article, discussing the historical background of the drainage problem in Indiana, was based on an address given by Mr. Mayer at a meeting of the Soil and Water Division of the American Society of Agricultural Engineers in Chicago.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
Iron Man
An Amazing New Invention . . . that plays records thru your radio with full tone of set. Can be connected to any modern AC radio at little or no expense. $7.50 worth of any Victor or Bluebird records. At least 20 newest dance hits (10 records) for instance, or any other Victor pr
Bluebird records.
Come in For A Demonstration THE FOSTER SHOP
Giving Boilermaker diamond fans an inside demonstration of baseball fundamental as practiced in the big leagues, Lew Fonseca, the American League’s good-will ambassador, will officially open Purdue’s first “Baseball Week” on the Ross-ade diamond this afternoon. This evening he will supervise a showing of the junior circuit’s newest baseball movies.
Fonseca, who was manager of the Chicago White Sox before he began traveling for the American League, plans to cover many phases of “America’s national pastime” in this afternoon’s demonstration, which is scheduled for 4 o’clock. Batting fundamentals including stance, step and swing, will be shown in detail. The intricacies of fielding, both in the infield and outfield, will be stressed. In the advent of bad weather, the demonstration will be held
in the Fieldhouse.
“Baseball,” the American League official movie, -will be sho-wn this evening at 7:30 o’clock in the main lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. The general public will be admitted as well as the student body. Lew Fonseca 'will be on hand to discuss the pictures. Supplementing Fonseca’s appearance here today, arrangements have been made with the recreation division of the state WPA for a special showing of both the American and National League baseball movies Friday evening at 7:30 o’clock at the Electrical Engineering Build-
ing.
Uniyersity Bowling (Week ending March 31) Black League Standings Won Lost Ag. Chem. II 5 1 General Stores 5 1 Civil Engr 4 2 Elect. Engr 3 3 Chem. Engr. II 3 3 General Engr 3 3 Dairy 2 4 Chemistry I 2 4 Executive II 2 4 Chemistry II 1 5 High Scores for the Week High Individual Scores— Munger 227, 192 Pianfetti 191 Arbuckle 181 High Individual Series— Munger 582 High Team Game— Ag. Chem. II 807 High Team Series— Ag. Chem. II 2223 Gold League Standings Won Lost Animal Husbandry... 4 2 Biology 4 2 Executive I 4 2 Union 4 2 Entomology 3 3 Executive III 3 3 Joint Highway 3 3 Ag. Chem. I 2 4 Chem. Engr. I 2 4 Ag. Engr 1 5 High Scores for the Week High Individual Games— Moore 201 Mackey .. _ 191 Glennv I88 Bodden igg Tyler igg High Individual Series— Mackey 600 Meid 500 High Team Game— ^ Animal Husbandry '766 High Team Series— Animal Husbandry 2256 Intrsmural Schedule BASEBALL Today Diamond 1— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Theta Chu 2— Sigma Chi vs. Theta Xi. 3— Sigma Pi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 4— Sigma Nu vs. Theta Tau. 5 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Triangle, b Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Kappa Psi Mu vs. Sigma Phi EpsUon. 8—Phi Delta Theta vs. Acacia.
Gus Suhr, the “Iron Man” of the National League, who will perform at the initial sack for the Pirates. His record of 822 consecutive tilts, which ended on June 5, 1937, topped all endurance streaks in the senior
circuit.
Track Contingent Opposes Michigan Slate On Saturday Banking heavily on five Boilermaker thinlies for scoring honors. Coach Hermon Phillips and his track squad will journey to Lansing, Mich., Saturday to meet a favored Michigan State team in its first outdoor start of the season. The quintet includes Capt. Art Bodeau, Big Ten indoor half-mile champion; Steve Gutting, ace hurdler; Ed Holderman, miler and halfmiler; Red Shackleton, quarter-nail-er; and Forest Weber, shot putter. The Michigan State contingent outscored the Riveters in a dual meet last year, 87 to 44. The spark plug of the hosts is Greer, sprinter, who has consistently been a winning sprinter during the recent in-
door track season.
EAST SIDE SQUARE
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY LAST BEGINNERS CLASS OF SEASON OPENS Friday, April Hth 7:30 F. M. This Class Will Be Cempletetl Before Purdue Closes^ Indiana's Largest Dancing ScImmI
4^ !
oftxaL Gdiu
J, ^ a\\l *■’ n ’ 1) '* 'x \ ' i -1'
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TZoiiceA.
Wednesday, ApU 12. 1939 •
WSGA Will Sponsor Marital Lectures For Senior Women Four marital lectures for senior women will oe sponsored by WSGA during the next three weeks. On April 18 Dr. Elizabeth Straus will discuss “Marriage as a Normal Relationship.” At the second lecture on April 20, Dr. Frances Hannett will speak on “The Emotional Side of Marriage.” Dr. Elizabeth Toxver will lecture on “The Hygiene of Marriage” on April 25. The final lecture of the series will be given on May 4 by Dr. Ralph Gerard, his subject being “Marriage From a Man’s Point of View.” All lectures will be in the evening and the time and place will be announced later. Betty Jo Sexton, vice-president of WSGA, is planning the programs. County Alumni Group Eleds New Officers Mel Taube, backfield football coach and assistant basketball coach, was elected president of the Tippecanoe County Purdue Alumni Association at a meeting held last night in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building. Other officers elected were; Arol Heffner, vice-president; Katherine L. Stitz, secretai’y; Reggie Zumstein, treasurer, and “Abe” Martin, director.
11:00—:
11:60-
12:00-
12:1512:30-
3:004:00-
WBAA
•THE VOICE OF PURDUBf*
—^Today—
Prof. Robert Phillips, Am-
erican Institutions. Purdue News Flashes.
■Farm Facts for Farm Folks Sports Review, Dick Shively
Luncheon Dance Time. •Songs and Melodies.
Meditations—Rev. J. A.
Lord.
-Monitor Views the News. ■American Yesterdays. ■Market Reports. ■Pat Wade, sopi’ano. ■Melody Moments. ■The Home Decorator. ■Hymn Echoes, Mrs. Irvin Jackson. ■Symphony Hall. ■Baseball Broadcast.
Prelims For Seniors In Hanley Speech ContesI Scheduled Tomorrow Preliminaries for the senior division of the Hanley Speech Contest will be held tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 301 of University Hall. Finals of the senior contest are scheduled for Friday evening at 7:30 in room F of the Union. This contest is open to all engineering seniors. Talks will be made on some phase of the economic side of engineering. The winner of the
Pirate Pitching Ace
Let Us Do Your Washing!
Wes» Side Office 132 Vine Sf. Phone inz —NOW for pick>up.
It is-
Cheaper than to send it home (for Mother has to pay for her supplies plus the postage!) It saves — Mother’s strength for greater needs. It gives HER Time for some Recreation!
Phone 3085
American! Dependable Dry Cleaner$
senior contest will receive a year’s subscription to “Fortune.” The two best speakers will have the opportunity to enter the contest finals April 18 with an award of $60 for first place and $20 for second place. Anyone interested in entering the contest can make their entry by calling Bob Carr, 6022. Foreign Students Total Seventy; 26 From China Seventy young students from other lands are enrolled at Purdue this semester, according to a record just compiled by Prof. Howard M. Baldwin, advisor for this group. Ten of this number were either born in American possessions or have become American citizens by naturalization. There are 26 from China; 15 from Canada; four from Colombia; three from Turkey; two each from Nicaragua, Hawaii, and Italy; and one each from Costa Rica, Egypt, Germany, Mexico, Sweden, and Porto Rico. Increase Until 1914 Foreign students first started to come to Purdue during the early part of the twentieth century. Their numbers rapidly increased until they reached their highest peak in 1914. Along with the World War came a decided slump in the “foreign population” at Purdue. Again this number increased until it reached a peak of 80 students in 1930. The effects of the depression brought this number down to a low of 50. To date, there is a definite upward trend in the number of -foreign students. Many Chinese According to Prof. Baldwin, “the Chinese Government is very much in favor of a technical training. This would account for the comparatively large number of Chinese students attending Purdue.” Four Purdue students are studying abroad on an exchange basis; two in Italy, one in Sweden, and one in Germany. These students in Europe are Miss Jean Adkins, Lafayette, and Miss Hope Reisner, West Lafayette, in Italy; G. W. Trefts, of Webster Groves, Mo., in Sweden; and Richard Lynch, Ottawa, 111., in Germany.
Classified Ads
Gymnasium. Sign up with partner. (4-14) —MATHER.
Gimlet: Important meeting of pledges andaactives at 7 p. m. Wednesday, April 12, in old Chestnut room. Pledges get in touch with me before noon at 2004 if possible. —SWAN.
Pan-Hellenic Representatives: Important meeting at 4 p. m. Wednesday, April 12, for old and new representatives in room C of the Union. —STOLZ.
MlSCBLLANEaUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
LOST AND FOUND UOST—Johnny Farrell matched number two iron at Public Golf Course. Reward. Call 3714.
“P” Men: Meeting Tuesday, April 18, at 7:80 p. m. in the Union ballroom. Election of officers will be held. —ANDERSON.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting Thursday, April 13, at 7:80 p. m. in room C of the Union. Bring all written material including old minutes and constitution. —HALL.
Union desk for me before Monday, April 17. —CLEVELAND. Flying Cadet Applicants: Examining board will visit the University on Or about Monday, April 24. to conduct physical examinations. Pamphlets containing instructions may be secured from the Adjutant's office at the Armory. (4-18) —MORSE. PEW: All girls registered in bowling come to the first meeting of the class In the Women’s Gym. (4-18) —KNIGHT, CASE. Agriculturist Staff: All departmental editors and Board of Control meet at 4 p. m. Wednesday, April 12, in room 118 of Agricultural Hall. Election of staff. —KINGSLEY.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, April 16, in room 2 of the Union at 7:80 p. rti. Guests coming. Please bring manuscript. —JUSTIN.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Wednesday, April 12, at 7 :30 p. m. in room F of the Union. —STRADLING.
LOST—Men’s Bulo-wa wrist watch. T. R. F. inside. Phone 2648. Reward. Thomas Fisher.
Mortar Board: Meeting at 4:16 p. n Wednesday, April 12, in the WSGA office. —WOOD.
Independent Staff: Important meeting Wednesday, April 12, at 7 p. m. Paper date is March 17. All ad men call McConnell for assignments. All editorial men call Brody for story assignments. Have stories and ads by Wednesday, April l2, at 9 p. m. —TAFEL.
Notices
Freshman Baseball Candidates: Report in the Fieldhouse, room 107, Wedneseday, April 12, at 4 p. m. —DOAN.
Purdue Flying Club: Meeting Thursday, April 13, at 7 p. m. in room F of the Union. —CHEVEDDBN.
PEW Bowling: There are a few vacancies in each bowling class. If your name is on the bowling waiting list see Miss Babb in the Women’s Gym office. (4-13) —KNIGHT.
LE 69 Conditions: Examination for the removal of “C” grades will be given Saturday, April 16, at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the CE Building. —WHJBlr.
SAE Members: Preliminaiy SAE Stout contest eliminations have bene i postponed until a later date. (4-14) —HERR. Exponent Board: Seniors will meet in Union office Wednesday, April 12, at 7 p. m. Juniors on editorial staff will meet at 7 :16 p. m. —STANBACK.
Scrivener: All members who have manuscripts to be considered for the May issue must turn them in (typed) at the west
Independent Students: Petitions for the following elective offices are due Thursday, April 13. at 6 p. m.: vice-president, secretary, and treasurer. Students who wish to petition must find out qualifications from PIA board members before that time and have 25 members sign the petitions. —WELLS.
Co ed Forensic Managers: Meeting Thursday, April 13, at 5 p. m, University Hall, room 308 —DEMORET.
Debris Editorial Workers: Impoitant meeting of all freshman and sophomore editorial workers in Debris workshop Wednesday, April 12. —WINTER.
Egg and Chick Show Committeement: Meet in Poultry Building Wednesday, April 12, at 4 o’clock. —HRUBY.
Silver Mask: Meet in front of Fieldhouse Wednesday, April 12, at 9:45 p m. —MEIER
Scabbard and Blade: Test night tonight, April 12, at 7 p. m., in room 104 of the Aimory. Be prompt pnd bring pencil, cutlass, and essays. —DERNER.
\ Union Workers: All available workers repoit to the workshop at 4 p m Wednesday, April 12. —KANY.
Purdue Peace Committee: Meeting Wednesday, April 12 at 7:30 p m. at 443 State Street. Important. —BELCHER.
Alpha Lambda Delta: All members please be present Thursday, April 13, at 7 ;15 p. m in the women’s lounge Important business meeting —BURNHAM.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting on Thursday, April 13. at 7:15 in the WSGA office. -BEAMING.
_WAA Student-Faculty Tournament: Any girl interested may ask any faculty member since there may be mixed doubles. Be sure to sign up with your partner at the Women’s Gymnasium. (4-14) —MATHER.
WAA Tennis: Please sign up for the Intramural tournament as soon as possible. The sheets will be posted in the Women’s
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• idskstoras
• lewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER Thia la aH wa do, but wa do It woN. Opposita Poet Offiea Wallaca Block 322 Forry St.
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—O.D.S. HAROLD 1. RISK—D.DJS. LUTHER A. RISK—D.DJ. Schultz SuildirM 4h and Main Miona 5701
R. /. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Florisfs
Dorner"s Flower Shop Qualify Floweri Main at 7th Phone 6050
The young Hercules of the Pirate pitching corps, Russ Bauers, who is entering his third season for Pie Traynor’s crew. Featuring a blazing fast ball, Bauers also throw a blaffling curve ball to make the batter’s life less enjoyable. In each of his previous campaigns he won 13 games. Last season he turned in a one-hit performance against the Boston Bees, but had the misfortune of losing the game, 1-0.
“r// Saj I 'Work for a ‘Big’ Utility”
^ ^ College professors probably can explain ll^ but I don’t know why a word can mean on* thing one time, and then again, something e!s«> A lot has been said and written about *blg^ business and ’big’ utilities. To me, *b^ has always meant something to be proud of. I never heard a guy bragging about catching ’just • little, tiny bass’, or going around shouting to everybody how proud he was that the com in his field was all nubbins. ’’Now, take me for instance, I’m proud that I work for a ’big’ company, because that means my company has grown up by handling a ’bigf job. My company has miles and nules of poles and wires, because it u a ’big* job to get electric service to thousands of customers. It hires a lot of people because a ’big* job isn*t a one-man show. It buys a lot of coal and other supplies because all those things are needed to carry on a ’big’ operation. ’’But for all its ’bigness’, my company never forgets it depends on satisfied customers for business. And the fellow who benefits most from ’bigness’ is the customer who pays less because of lowered costs and better equipment and greater efficiency. ’’Americans always have been proud of ’bigness’, of living in a 'big’ country, with 'big* cities, 'big’ farms and 'big’ ways of doing things. When you’re talking about accomplishment, 'bigness’ isn’t 'badness’.^
PUBLIC SERVICE CO.^iPAlVY OE UVBIAIVA