;0hWk%: i s* 4; - A-« Jr ? y^, :}^‘'/Sf-'7'i ^ 4r 'Vv^ / ^ ^^jh\ ^ ^ j ‘ ^ * / '” 4 ^‘‘j ^ ? tfil ^' r j *v ^ ^ 1.
/ ^
/
'Tt. ^ ip. i'* ^
i
t
i % ^
f ’< \
. ; l»r
\
\
Pollovr Th6.Team~T 'Go To Ohio State 'With The Caravan
Ai
the Editor lle|>«eo To SchiremiWf Lottor On The Editorial Page
Voluine 53< No. 33
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, October IS, 1941
‘Pettieoats’
Twelve Faces Bury In Blueberry Pie As PIKA Pledges Engage Pi Kaps Today
Military Ball Committee
ep
Coeds Will Lead Caravan To See Team Off For Ohio
SDIAV Presents Farce, ^ ^ Three Men On A Horse'
In Fowler Hall Tonight
Committee fox the annual Mili-
A “goo-gobbling” group of starved pledges from the Pi tary Ball, to be held Friday eveKappa Phi and Pi Kappa Alpha fraternities will race up to a ning, November 14, in both bail-
Continuing the series of pep sessions ‘with something new Playshop’s first production of the season, “Three Men On added,’ tomorrow night’s edition will see the innovation of the a Horse,” will give its initial performance tonight at 7:30 in first ‘Petticoat Parade.' Campus coeds will band together, led Fowler Hall. Subsequent performances will take place on
table of pies in front of the Union this afternoon at 4:30 for rooms of the Union, was announced by Gold Peppers and assemble behind the band to lead the ses- Thursday at 7:30, and on Friday and Saturday at 8.
a renewal of the “pie-eating contest.” yesterday by the University MilWith a full-sized blueberry pie for each, the 12 contestants „ . ,, , „ ., .. —$1X from each frat—will hurriedly fill their fasted stomachs tee are as follows: Cadet Col. R. A. and spfint back to the finish line, which is at the corner of Dibos, chairman; Cadet Col. A. A.
sion that will send the team to Ohio State. This play, brought to the campus by the efforts of Prof. The student body will assemble at 6:45 in front of the Un- Carmichael and W. L. Beam, director and assistant director ion behind the cars which are to carry the team for the march of Playshop, respectively, is a hilarious farce-comedy, noted across the levee. With the added attraction of the coeds in the for its success on Broadway during its two year run there.
State and Grant.
Every year the dispute arises between, the Pi Kapps and Pi KA’s as to which group of pledges is the speediest in consuming pies, and every year the issue is settled in front of the Union building. Last fall the PiKA’s finished first as a team, while two years ago the Pi Kapps dominated the contest.
No Hand Allowed
Since the customary utensils for eating a pie, including the liands.
Trustees Meet Today; Initiate New Member
, j „ 1 ii, .4.1. versity matters. Members of are barred^from use, only the mouth , . ... n -j ^ j n, J . VI 4. 4.1 -tur 4.U board with President and Mrs
and face are eligible utentils. With
these rules in force, not even a mother would recognize her son at the conclusion of the contest. A bite-by-bite description will be
Board of Trustees of the University will meet today and tomorrow to consider a heavy schedule of Uni-
the El-
liott will be guests of honor at a reception and dance to be held to-
night in the Union.
Members of the board who will attend the meeting are David E.
Topp, ex-officio member; Cadet Cols. R. B. Stecker and W. L. Sullivan, Cadet Lt. Cols. J. L. Cullen and H. W. Hale, Cadet Major R. L. Long, Cadet Capt. D. W. MacMillan, Cadet 1st Lt. A. J. Dillon and Cadet Capt. J. E. Crim, band member. Juniors who will serve on the committee are Cadet 2nd Lts. A. L. Jackson,'H. T. Smith, W. H. Lupke, R. L. Hadley, F. I. Jones, J. L. Onila, P. G. Magner and E. M. Lewiecki. Initial meeting of the committee will be held this afternoon. p.g.h.
broadcast by WBAA direct from jjQgg^ Lafayette, president; Allison
the table of conflict, promptly at diSd. Both teams are in high spir itfi and confident of victory, al
E. Stuart, Lafayette; Dr. Kathryn McHale, Logansport and Washington, D. C.; James W. Noel, Indi-
Trustee Hanley Says Engineers Must Attain Top Arms Production
though low morale was said to exist anapolis; William A. Hanley, Indi ih one of the frats after the first ^napolis; jl Ralph Thompson, Sey-
practice session, since a clogged p
gullet threatened to keep a star ^ Hillenbrand, Batesville; and Col. guzzler out of action. John W. Wheeler, Crown Point, who Stalrting Lineup is coming to the meeting from Camp The starting lineup has been an- Shelby, Miss., where he is on active
notinced as follows: duty.
Pi Kappa Alpha—Noffke, Harris, J. Ralph Thompson is attending
fi/st regular meeting of l^e
Pi Kappa Phi—McDonall, Choate, Board of Trustees. He was named Louisville.
Carsbn, Potter, Reynolds, Swarts. last June as a successor to Palmer . , Edgerton, of Jonesboro, as an ag-
ricultural alumnus on the board.
Speaking as president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, Dr. William A. Hanley, University trustee and member of the class of 1911, yesterday outlined a two-point program for engineers regarding the national defense program at the opening meeting of
group and the I’epetition of the team in convertibles, a big turn-out is expected. Assemble At Pi Phi House The Petticoat Parade will start assembly at the Pi Beta Phi house at 6:15, will proceed to the Residence Halls to collect the girls there, and so to the the other houses on campus. The parade will be assisted by members of Skull and Crescent and will meet the band at the Armory where it will start on its march to the Union. There it will be met by the rest of the students. The„team will again lead the parade in cars immediately behind the band with co-captains Tommy Melton and Jim Miller out in front in
the Mascot.
Players, Coaches To Speak Upon arriving at the Big 4 station several short talks by players and members of the coaching staff will be made over the public address system that is to be installed there. The train taking them to Columbus will pull out of the station at 7:30. t \ All students having access to cars are urged to bring them. Material for decorating them will be available, and will be supplied by Gold Peppers, Gimlet and Reamer—the time and place for the obtaining of the decorations will be announced in tomorrow’s Exponent.
Another New Plan
This plan is another of those devised at a meeting of activity heads for the purpose of assisting the yell squad in the conduct of pep sessions. At the meeting last night, a permanent committee was set up to
continue this assistance.
Helping Dick deGarmo and Johnny Goll, senior yell leaders will be
Beveridge Finalists Chosen; Will Speak In Finals Next Week
Nineteen freshman men competed in the preliminary eliminations of the Beveridge Speech Contest yesterday afternoon from 4 to 5:30. The contest was held in room 301
of University Hall.
Five organizations were repre-
sented by the six men who were , , 4, , chosen to speak in the finals. The Eddm Cantor m
Comedy Has Novel Plot “Three Men on a Horse” depicts the lift of timid Erwin who becomes mixed up in the dirty-deal-ings of a group of horse-racing sharks, because of the fact that he has an unsually reliable method for picking winners. While on a drunkbn escapade away from the restraints of home life, Erwin becomes embroiled in shady deals and amusing antics which Playshop predicts Will pttisvide the audience with numerona
laughs. /
Popularity of the play is evinced not only by its two year mn on Broadway, but plans are going for-
organization winning the most points in the competition will be awarded the custody of the Ankeny
Trophy for one year. Need Three Wins
The
awarded to any organization placing first in the contest for three
musical version which will appear on Broadway sometime tMs
fall.
Student Cast The student cast will inctn^
...Ill 1,4. Haskell Metz, Caroline Wood, Barcup will be permanently , xt j -ci 1 4^ » ,4
bara Nord, Frank Crall, Oalcieir
Gordon, Dick Kohls, George Z&sSSj
Kathryn Ade and Barbara Ann Adkins, representing Gold Peppers; Phil years. Cary Hall West has won the Millei% ^y Nihan, Sar^
Johnson and Dick Raney, representing Gimlet and Purdue Athletic Coun- Ankeny Trophy twice. The other cil; Bob Stecker and Damon Elder, from Reamer and PI A; Bill FarbeX groups which have won the award
from Cary Club; Al Menke for Skull and Crescent; Rex Mayfield for Fraternity Presidents’ Council and Dick Watson and Paul Penn for the
band representatives.
Jane Murfey, Arthur Barad, Harry Smith, Betty Gray, Charles Green-
This Week's Movie Review To Feature
Military Department Will Offer Six-Week
News, Bflnd Short iignal instruction
_ , . , Military department will conduct Second program in the new week- j, , , , . ,, T> >, extra-curricular code, and radio in-
stiuction fol the fourth successive year, beginning Monday, Nov. 3. All male students of the University may enroll, whether they aie
ly series of “Screen Review” Convocations will be presented tomorrow from 3 until 6 p. m. in the Music Hall. The following shoit
subjects will be included in the pro- ,, , ,,4. 4. 4. ^ ,,,,, ^ enrolled in military training or not
gram: “New^ of the Day,” “Fvps
Last year 175 Students completed
attendance is expected this year.
Six Weeks Classes
The classes will be held from
‘Eyes
of the Navy,” “Capitol City,” “Britain’s RAP,” and Freddy Martin and
his orchestra.
These movies are presented for the students only, upon presentation of their passports. These weekly educational convocations are designed to bring to the students each Thursday a review of the latest
news of the day, events and subjects , , , , , • „ 4.. 1 .1 4. J 4! 4. schedule may be arranged. Begin of particular interest, and a feature „ , ., , . ,
The primary objectives of the nation, he said, should be to win the war and to give immediate thought to solving the economic and social problem which will arise at the close of the war. The job of the engineers, he added, is one of the most important. It IS to produce tanks, guns, plants, and ships in such quantity that the outcome will never be in
fioulbt.
Suggests Active War Declaring that the United States has been at war for months. Dr. Hanley criticized the nation’s hesitancy toward active participation in the conflict, and suggested that the country should eliminate as
Ohio State Victory Caravan Tickets
the instruction, and even greater possible non-defense proj-
ects until the close of the war.
Estimating the nation’s debt at the close of the war at 125 to 150
Tickets for the PAG sponsored Victory Caravan are ori sale at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse, and officials in charge urge students to purchase them as soon as possible in order to arrange sufficient traveling space in the buses. Price for the combination tickets, covering both the ride and the game, is $6.60, providing students with an economical means for giving the Boilermakers moral support. The caravan, first of its kind in many years, will leave the Union at 5:30 Saturday morning, arriving at Columbus shortly after noon. The return trih will start about 9
PIA Board To Replace Two Vacant Executive Chairmen's Positions
Monday to Friday evenings from government the same evening arriving in La-4-6 o’clock over a period of six spending must be sharply curtailed fayette at 1:30 Sunday morning,
4-6 o’clock over a period
weeks. Attendance at two hours a week is required, but the hours may be split up so that practically any
starring one of the countrys leading bands, e.h.a.
ners will be expected to send and receive five words per minute, and
in the post war economy. “If we don’t solve our problems, somebody else with some other form of government will do it,” he warned.
Solberg Also Attends
More than 300 engineers have
Coeds will be excused for the late hours if they make the trip.
the advanced course students will M8ietered for the meeting, mclud-
Kappa Kappa Gamma
. . . social sorority, held a tea in honor of their founders day yesterday. The youngest and oldest piembers assisted in serving, the youngest being Ellen Clark, and the oldest Miss Fannie Westfall of DePauw University.
be expected to send and receive twenty words per minute at the completion of the couise.
Private Browning
Private P. L. Browning, a new instructor from Ft. Knox Armored
ing Prof. H. L. Solberg and other faculty members of the School of
Mechanical Engineeiing.
Dr. Hanley is director of engineering for Ell Lilly and Company of Indianapolis. He was appointed
AWS To Offer First Topic Of Activities Series Today At 4
Two positions, men’s activities chairman and ward chairman of South Ward, on the executive board of PIA are open for petitions from candidates. These offices may be filled by any man on campus who is not organized to a social fraternity whether he be a member of PIA or not. Petitions must be in the PIA office by Oct. 20 at 4 p. m. Must Live In District The duties of’ ^men’s activities chairman are to provide information for men on campus about activities and non-social functions. This executive aids the eds desiring to participate in University affairs, intramural athletics, and other non-
social activities.
Ward chairman of South Ward must live in that district which cov-
T^ 14. m Ti 14. O' /-II.- hill, and Bernard Beman. w.gJi. are: Delta Tau Delta, Sigma Chi, ’ i ®
Theta IJi,, ^igma Nu, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Phi Gamma Delta, Tau Ep-
silon Phi, and PIA.
Six Eitialists
The six men who will vie for honors in the finals are: Robert Chestnut and Ray Goldsmith, Alpha Tau Omega; William Conlon, Cary Hall Southeast; Timothy Tilton, Cary Hall North; John Davis, Cary Hall Northwest; and Hugh Studabaker. Through the generosity of the Hayes Jewelry Company of Lafayette, the winner of the contest will
University Club Plgns Reception For Tonight In Union At 8:30 p.ni.
University Club will hold a reception for President and Mrs. ElHott and the Board of Trustees this evening in the Purdue Memorial tin-
, • J, 4.1. ion. The receiving line will form in receive permanent possession of the 4., , 4. o on
XI rr 1, c x> T? T 11 41 south ballroom at 8:30 p.m.
Hayes Trophy, Prof. P. E. Lull of the Speech Department will present
the award.
Final Round Tuesday.
The final round of the contest will
Dancing, Card Playing
After nine o’clock there will be dancing in both ballrooms and cards will be played in the east fact^ty
1.1-1J 4.rr J 4.non lounge. During the evening, rebe held next Tuesday at 7:30 p. m, . , .,, , , . .. . .^1 1 Tx „ 414 1 4 freshraents will be served m the
in Eliza Fowler Hall. Students, fac- /-<t. 4. 4. t> x xt ,, , , , Chestnut Room. Prior to the
ulty members and townspeople are
invited to attend, b.w.s.
ception, a dinner will be held for the Trustees of the University in the west faculty lounge. ^
Party Plotters
Plans for these parties have beeQ made by the officers of the Club, Prof. H. H. Wikel, president; Mrs.
Reserved seat tickets for the Walter Q. Fitch, Vice-President; Iowa and Michigan State football and Prof. F. J. Allen, secretarygames may be obtained by fresh- treasurer. Prof. Ed. Degering is
Tickets
men today and Thursday according Chairman of the bridge committee,
ers the territory west oi Littleton to C. S. Doan, ticket manager. Mrs. R. B. Stewart and Miss Louise
Street, south of State and North Streets, and east of Pierce. The petition must be signed by 20 members of PIA living in that ward. This officer has entire charge of
Freshmen must present their pass- Wikel are in charge of decorations, ports with coupons properly signed, while Professor and Mrs. Rising Block orders for tickets will also be and Professor and Mrs. M. L. Clevavailable today ahd Thursday. e.h.a. ett form the music committee, b.w.s.
“Hints to the Active-Minded,” „ ,
first topic in a series of Collegiene functions in his territory, c.f.h,
Chats sponsored by AWS, will be
Force has been obtained to teach a trustee of the University last De- presented for all freshman and
the classes. Browning has attended the Seventh Brigade Radio School and has had varied field experience in signal communications.
cember, succeeding J. Emmert Hall,
w.r.
Get Ready For Smiles - "Union Show of 1941" Is Coming Soon
Aeromodelers To See Movies 01 Glider Meet
Promising a bigger, better, and funnier show than ever presented by the Union before, Willis Wells and Bill Hayt have already begun rehearsals and preparations foi the “Union Show of 1941.” Written and directed by the two students, the show will be the first presented as an annual Union Production. It will be presented on November 7 in the Music Hall as an opener for the
Dad’s Day week-end.
Similar in theatrical style to the famous long-running Broadway production “Hellzapoppin’,” the show
baugh was the hit of last year’s production of “Everything But Onions” with his baby caiiiage scene, Miss Wedge was starred in the Varsity Show this spring. Music, plenty of it, will be supplied by Irv Given and his campus band. While the theme will be unlike last year’s productions, the show promises to be even more humorous. Budget for the production revealed that over seven hundred and fifty dollars will be spent for cos-
tumes and stage props. If the cost
will be pure comedy, with something of production may be considered an new doing every minute. Theme will indication of the quality, the show be that of “Life Goes to a Party,” will have a fine technical back-
currently featured in Life magazine, ground.
Aeromodelers Club, presenting a piogram of interest to model buildeis, glidei enthusiasts, and radio engineers, will hold its first regular meeting in room 263 of the Union this evening at 7:30. ' Starting off the program with colored motion pictures of the National Glider Meet at Elmira, N. Y., the new U. S. Army experimental glider will be shown as well as the sailplanes of such national champions as Hermann Stiglmeiers and Allan Esseiy. Second feature will be the demonstration of one of the latest type radio-controlled gas models in the countiy. This plane, with a wing spread of 12.6 feet and weighing
transfer coeds this afternoon at 4 in the Home Economics auditorium. These chats are given to familiarize coeds with various activities on campus and to furnish incentive for
their participation.
Coed executives of various activities will explain the functions and procedures of their respective organizations. Those to speak are: Barbara Fellows, Union; Agnes McCullough, AWS; Ruth Newton, YWCA; Hary Henry, Debris; Ruth Rose, Exponent; and Mary Pidgeon, WAA. Attendance will be taken,
e.h.a.
Exponent' Juniors
There will a meeting of the editorial staff juniors in the Exponent office, Thursday, Oct. 16,
at 4 p. m.
—OCHILTREE
Betty Wason Forsakes Home Ec Training For War Reporting
Ceres To Hold Annual Steak Fry This Friday
Suspected by the British of being a Nazi spy, suspected by the Russians of being a British spy, and ti ailed under suspicion of espionage by the Nazis all at one time is the exciting record held forth by Betty Wason who graduated from
Gold Diggers To Name Best Bachelor Friday
All students and staff members of the Agriculture School are invited to attend the Ceres Steak Fry which will be held on Fiiday afternoon at the grove south of the Soils
Coeds will choose the most eli-
gible bachelor in the University at , „ , . ,4 , the Gold Diggers Ball Friday night agri^lture hon-
in the Union. Each coed is entitled to one vote, attached to her ticket, on which the name of her candidate may be written. During the evening
20 pounds, is directionally con
trolled in flight by two small mo- the winner will be announced from tors. Ken Harker, designer of the the bandstand, wheie Dick Cisne
The Union show’s parties will, of Tickets may be bought now from plane, will explain the workings of will be playing.
course, be college parties. Sophomore Union workers. General the model. Coi sages, usually of anything pFOd BoiSOr
Wedge, Stambaugh To Star admission seats will be sold for Plans for the coming year and but flowers, will be created by coHeaMining the cpst are Betty twenty cents, with some 1 served forthcoming contests will be dis- eds for their dates, although the
Wedge and Bqb Stambaugh, with seats offered at twenty-five cents, cussed. Every interested student dance is informal this year. Tickets treasurer of the local student chap Frenchy Weinweber and Bob Adams All profits realized fiom the show and model builder, whether of are $1.10, and aie being sold at ter of the American Institute of on almost
of the Nazi entrance into Czecho* Slovakia, left that front in time to be in Vienna during the first poat-^ Munich crisis, was in Norway for the Nazi entrance there, and in the Greece at the time
University in 1933 prepared to en- accession by the axis. Durin|t
ter a life of domestic calm as a
graduate of the school of home eco- everyono
each time managing to clear hersoH
1 . ,. „i’y some means. The fascinating saga of Miss Wa- Preferred Athens
son’s wanderings through Europe invasiol^
as a war correspondent and radio
^ .1, I. 44 .4 commentator during the recent ^^ly opportunities to be tranopoRt. and Crops Farm. All who attend are years of crisis and wai is filled with territory, but she UA to meet in front of Agricultuie Hall perhaps the highest excitement and pigferred to remain in AtheM to 4 • J most thrilling tales which can be broadcast the succession of evento* This event is sponsored annually found in the life of any Umveisity ^ result, when the Nazis eototod
graduate. Athens, the British Were nqft tol Released By Nazis hand to aid her escape, Insteirii Miss Wason was only lecently re- making an effort to leave by leased fiom detention by the Nazis self, she went to the Nazis and following her escape to Vienna from suaded them to allow her to eiifj*Athens after the British evacuation tmue her broadcasts, from Greece. From her hotel room A Kappa < ^ , prison in Berlin she came to Amer- Miss Wason, who was a ica and will be in Indianapolis on of Kappa Kappa Gamma socihl so* October 20th to speak on the de- rority while at Purdue wift
was elected to the office of tails of her travels. Her lectore will at Caleb Mills Hall*
offer much revealing information High School, on her appears!^ m
orary. In addition to the steaks, a salad and ice cream will be served. Tickets are being sold by Ceres members at the price of 30 cents, and transportation will be provided,
m.j.l.
every important war Indianapolis. Tickets may to
supplying typical “Hellzapoppin” will be turned over^|o the Student boats, racing cars or planes, is in- sorority houses, WRH, and the west Metallurgical Engineers at a meet- newsfront since 1939. chased at either the Purdua Alrmim)^ sideline quips, full of humor. Stam- Loan Fund, s.w, vited to attend, e.l.s. desk of the Union, a.w. ing held last Thursday. She arrived in Europe at the time Office or Deckers f<Mf $1,00 1
m
iP'fr'k
1"*' ■%
f'f "i I ’ / if 4V ■'-tr •t^
4
iiExponent EaUoriaf Rige
W<BdriG$d(iy;Octob&r-^^
%■ ~
m "■pjSi , ^
\Ma^, I Point Out Editor^ Note: ,The following editorial is in answer ^to Otto E.'Schuerman’s letter that was printed in y«3terday’s ’•Exponent.
. V ■ ■■ •
In answer to Schuerman’s letter we ask him to t^refuHy reread the editorial on freshman heteiiig in Sunday > morning’s ^Exponent, read MiS'Own letter, and then decide if they feoth deal, for the most part, with the same subject. Ii^m'e than half of the letter was idevoted to ^iri'argtimentfhat-Caty Hall was just as-good as, or even better than, the campus fraternity group. The writer went so far as to complain abopt the condition of the furniture, cliques, lack of training, unqualified control of activities, and politics in the fraternities. Evidently'he idoesnT like the organized groups jbut before he starts to criticize, he had better make sure of some of his facts. The Exponent is not controlled by fraternity men, and the Kappas were not almost kept from having an entrant in the beauty contest last year by crooked politics. The Kappas had more than five of their members in the contest, and two of them were in the final‘group from which the four queens were
picked.
Sunday morning’s editorial mentioned nothing about the organized men feeling superior to Cary Club members, and we don’t know how Mr. Schuerman received that impression. The relationship between fraternity and independent men on this campus has always been-ideal, and it is unfortunate'that the question of which group is best has been raised. We hope that Schuerman does not express the sentiment of a majority of the Cary Club members. However, we donT intend to argue the good and bad points of fraternity groups and the Halls. That is not the issue
at hand.
Sunday morning the editorial stated that, fraternity initiatibhs were bad antf'shoUld be' abolished, but the easiest way to be rid of their evils was to let them die a natural death, as they are doing. However, Cary Hall groups have offset this decrease in hazing by starting initiations and “freshman discipline” practices of their own. Under the circumstances the'. best solution iwbuld be anrnilikeampus abolishment of isuch activities. (Uowherei did we pit fraternity against Cary Hall or uphold fraternity i“one o’clock sessions,” as Schuerman maintained. The letter stated that initiations were held in more than one unit, but that they >were mild; It is true that they rwere .insignificant as compared with some of the other campus initiations, but it is pfobably from these very same small beginnings that the- present fraternity initiation developed. Aetivities such as these tend to grow a little more severe each year, as one group tries to outdo another. Furthermore, since the writer admitted that the Residence Halls were too big and unwieldy to prevent ‘individual activities of the members,” there is little to stop this increase. 'Schtiermah believes that the Exponent is ridiculing Cary Club’s .effort to develop unity and school spirit. It is doubtful if a freshman’.^ spirit is improved by forcing, him to wear a pot by holding a club over his head. Spirit and unity are not developed by force; they are, however, to be found in a group possessing common hopes, ideals, and .ambi-
tions.
We are not criticizing only Cary Hall freshman hazing, but are attacking initiations by all fraternities, honorary organizations, and Residence Hall units.
wi
By Drew Pearsbn and Robert S. Allen
tfce 5f#i. Coliinijn
' Peoria S-wamp, Oct. 14, 1941.—Here -we are again, reverting to type. Like La Liberte Begitule (which is the name or a reasonably accurated facsimile thereof of a Belgian underground newspaper) even government priorities on typewriter ribbons can’t keep us out of print forever. It says here. When the, old one wore out last month we very confidently ambled into the nearest business supply house only to be told that all the ribbon had now been requisitioned by the government. . iTo.inake neckties for senators. However, undaunted we set out on the warpath. To bag us a couple. Of Senators. But as that species is kind of scarce in Peoria we finally had to resort to signing a statement phohibiting us from using it for the polishing of black shoes, and were i.ssued six feet of beautiful black typewriter ribbon to be used ...
In a little crepe hanging job at our grandmother^s
funeral.
' ^ All of which proves exactly nothing except that material is dern hard to get these days. Even for important, work. Like fifth columing.
* .
And speaking of shortages we see by the paper where a 13 million dollar fire at the Firestone Rubber and Latex Corp. plant is all set to create another one. Which makes it tougher yet on the small business man. For in a few short weeks he will be scream-
ing ...
For erasers. In order to chapge all the entries in his record books ... From black to red. The weather has finally taken a turn for the better. It would seem. It only rained once today. Which brings to mind the words of the philosophers of eld who distinguished between Purdue and Peoria in a very simple manner. By stating that at Purdue all one needs to exist is a slide rule and a rain coat. Whereas in Peoria ... The slide rule is entirely superfluous.—d.k.h.
.. Simpson -Smith
For some reason or another one .particular man Imown in the swing cii’cles as the “King of Swing” ■hasnT seen his name in print very much in this column. We really eanlt understand it since he’s one of lOur favorites,/but starting right , now we bring you Benny Goodman. The record that gave us this inspiration was “I See A Million People.” This is one. of his latest releases and is sung by that little gal Peggy Lee who almost takes Marlfia Tilton’s place. B. G. has been doing a lot of the sweeter swing for the past year and this i.s a wonderful example of his best. His clarinet doubles with the piano for a while and the hand takes the •eighty-eighth place for closing chorus. Because of all this . . . we’re gonna’ have more Benny Goodman. Down The Aisle - Here’s something for all you gals
Benny Goodman that have been wanting a swingtime wedding. Alvino Rey takes the place of the organist when the bride steps slowly down the aisle, but when he takes over, the bride doesn’t step any more; she Lindy Hops. “Here Comes The Bride” is Rey’s latest revised edition of an old one; Lohengrin just didn’t seem to have the right idea when he thought of it.If you’re a Rey fan,
this record is certainly for you. It’s Him Again Here comes that man again and are we glad to see him ? Les Brown has gotten up a mighty superish arrangement of “It’s , You Again.” The first half of the record is strictly vocal by Ralph Young. Ralph; you know, has one of those low voices that comes out slow and then takes it plenty easy after it’s out. While you’re still in the mood for more of Young’s singing the band comes through with some good solid rhythm that really makes you sit up. Then what happens ?—Young’s back again, but this time with a T. Dorsey vocal background by the band. Tbe record is full of that Brown personality and should prove to be one of his best. Rublicity For “King” At Last Coed Debaters Plan Meeting Today At 4 All coeds interested in debate will meet at 4 p.m. today in room 301 of University Hall. L. S. Winch, coed debate coach, will announce the question to be discussed during the first semester and o.utline the schedrtle of .events ip which tbe team will participate. '
Pwvdm, pxpomjnL All-American 1940-^41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress 4»f March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3. 1017, apthWwed January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year nnd iweqfcly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subifcclptiiuns, ,$4.00. BkHtor-ln-Chlef.... Ned A. Ochiltree Sports Staff ^ A "ociate EditotB V J. S.'keeler. PubUcetipn Staff Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792;
> <M«haxinc Editor..;. Leland W. Buffner Asogciute Editors: J. F. Amos, J. H. ArmBtron^, D. T. Propby, K. L. llodley, F. I. Junt-B, E. G. iCieper. Business Staff AAverUBine Matwscrig. K. K. Gjerore, R, B. Saxton; uirciilation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounta Manager: W. M- Millard. Co-red Staff —....— — jkuih Asswiatei Editora: Mary IC. Boynton. Aiiee Chutflejd, Jape Bawadt'li.
Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377 PepreBcntqd for national advertising -by National Advertising Service, Inc., 'College PubliBhcrs RepreBcntatives, 420. ,Ma(|)jJon Ave., New York, N. Y. \ Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Kieper Isaue Editor: Hoakinn Bay Editor: Boynton Sporta Editor: Fraser K^purtura: W. E. Bafert, C. F. Hass, E. H. Ahrens, B. Boswinkle, A. W. Wiekurd, B. Biiuier, M. Flanagan, D. Fiokering, A. Wattleworth,. K. Klosaon, W. iSumpiers, G. Holfmun. Sports Reporters: Barnes, Cassady, DeMurs, Shriver.
Hif'ler J3egms To Realize 14. Mejias JBiiSLiness; Fish Favors Armed NeufFality '■WASHINGTON,. OcL. il4.'--W,oud tricklirig back to the diplomatic corps from Germany indicates that Hitler finally is beginning to realize tbat the United States means business, and that he made a tragic mistake in. not accepting. the ..advice of his more conservative diplomats who warned hini of this in the first
place.
In fact, the inside story, which no.w can be told, is one ,of .the most tragic of the war. Possibly if it bUid not been for overweening personal jealousies the war might even have been pre-yented. What happened was that when Hans Dieckhoff, German Ambassador to Washington, returned to Berlin in 19.38, he brought back a strong report that the United States would' enter the war eventually if Germany becaftie the aggressor. He was ready to warn that Germany faced a repetition .of lOlT-lb". But Foreign Minister von Ribbentrop would not let him see Hitler. Ribbentrop, probably the most ambitious man around der Fuehrer and a great friend of Himmler, wanted to be the funnel for all advice going to Hitler. Also he was feeding him his own kind of aggressive advice, not the cooling caution Of Ambassador Dieckhoff. In the same cautious school with the Ambassador were Baron von N.eprath, recently o.us.ted as governor of Czechoslovakia because of his moderate views; Hjalmar Schacht, governor of the Reichsbank; no-w in virtual retirement; and Captain Fritz Wiedemann, Hitler’s former commander and more recently consul general at San Francisco. Even Field Marshal Goering was much more moderate than von Ribbentrop. Czech 'Pufsch Delayed It was Captain Wiedemann who, around May 1938, chiefly persuaded Hitler not to invade Czechoslovakia. He was then Hitler’s military aide and attended a meeting of der Fuehrer’s inner adviser.s at which General Staff officers advised caution. Finally Hitler, exasperated, threw up his arius and ordered them all out of the room. But Weid'emann stayed behind, and finally persuaded his chief to delay the inarch into Czechoslovakia^ at least until the Fall of 1938—which wa.s done. Later, it was Wiedemann and the moderates who persuaded Hitler to receive Chainberlain and Daladier at Munich. But by this time it was too late for Ambassador Dieckhoff to tell his story'. Ribbentrop never forgave Wiedemann for this. Also his vaunting ambition would permit ,'no ri'v.al close to Hitler. So, shortly thereafter, he, got Wiedemann transferred to a distant and relatively ■ unimportant German consulate in the U. S. A. Later when Wiedemann was deported from this country, it is sighificant that Ribbentrop once again transferred him as far ap possible from Berlin—this time to Tientsin, China. He remained in Berlin only two or three days. The Foreign Minister of Germany wants no moderates around his
leader.
Note:—During the last war Wiedemann was a lieutenant with the 16th Bavarian Infantry and one day, while retreating under fire, the debris of a crumbling building fell on one of his men, burying him. The young lieutenant leaped back, and despite heavy shell fire, pulled the ' man out. He was Adolf Hitler. What would have happened to the world if it had not been for Wiedemann’s heroism? Capiial Chaff Henry Wallace’s SPAB is making a careful check of the 56 big corporations which handle 78 per cent of all defense orders. There i.s a suspicion that the big boys are hoarding some vitally needed raw materials which should be spi'ead out .among other industries .... Wallace’s Economic Defense Boai'd is checking reports that priorities have been dished out too liberally
to the Bi’itisfi ; . , . Keep an eye on David A. Ros^ as the next (Federal jqdgejin Bqston . , . . (Flpyd p. Odium’s Division of Contract Distribp.tipn g.etting P|ff .to a gqpd start. In the first 16 days of operation it spread out $64,000,000 in . subcontracts compared to $28,000,000 during ,16 days of Aq.g'qst un,der the
old system.
Fjrst'^ .PjAets Inside reason for the secret powwow of congressional isolatiopipts, the ,day after the President’s i$pecii^l ihqssagej w^s to get the party line: cue from the Amierica First Committee on how to vote on arming merchant ships. The information was delivered by John. T. Flynn, the Corninittee’s principal ipouthpiqce on , .Capitol Hill. Flynn didn’t cut any corners in laying down the line against any change in the Neutrality, law. “A vote to arm merchant ships,” he declared, “is a vote to get this country into war. The America First.Committee is opposed to this or any other revision of the Neutrality Act.” All but one of the sixty Senate and House members present eifher concurred or kept sileut. Amazingly, the lone dissenter was one of America First’s most vociferous supportex’s — Representative Ham Fish. The New Yorker declared he fayored arming merchantmen, provided they “remain in neutral waters.” . ■ Another conflict arose when Senator Robert Taft of Ohio, who acted as chairman, announced that he planned to vote for the $5,895,000000 lend-lease bill. Senator Bob LaFollctte jumped to his feet. “I’ll haVe to take issue with you on that, Mr. Chairman,” snapped the Wiscon.sinite. “I intend to oppose every piece of legislation the Administration offers on foreign policy from now on. They’re all calculated to get us into xvar. I’m :going to be against everything.” . “That goes for me, too,” loudly echoed Senator Bennett Clark, Missouri’s hitter-end isolationist. Note—Among those who took a prominent part in arranging the isolationist pow-wow were Sena-^ tors Nye, Bulow of South Dakota, Hill of Washin.gton, Vorys of Ohio and Mundt of South Dakota. Fancy Wrappings It will happen so gradually that you won’t notice it. for a while, but those fancy wrappings and elaborate cardboard containers are scheduled to di.sappear for the dtirARRID Ad Hoi 475N
New tmder-arm Cream Deadoranf safely Stops Perspiration
ation. Wlxere they don’t disappear; entirely, substitutes will take their' plaqe. / . Reason is a growing shortage of paper and cardboard. Fifty-three per cent of all paperboard is now , going to defense industries and the amount is increasing. ■ • To ineet the situation, Norbert McKenna , N.ew York banker, .broiight into 0PM by Ra>v .Matei’ials chief William Batt, has ox’dered drug,,chemical, coffinetic^and soap manu.facturers drastically to reduce the use of cardboard containers'.. Hardest hjt by the paper . shortage are manufacturers of what the trade calls “aesthetic” ~ wrappings, w.bich jhaye no, utilitarjap purpose ^ut do rave a very persuasive eye appeal. These jnaniifactureres .ffave been advised ^o use lighter grades of paperboard boxes, containing ,a mixture of newsprint. So far there are ample supplies of newsprint, though if the, war extends into 1943 or ’44, the size of newspaper.s also may Jhave to be qut. To spread ava.ilable paperboard supplies for ixon-defense industries, the Army, at McKenna’s suggestion, has changed , its specifications on cixrdboai’d containers for hand grenades, permitting the use of a lighter grade mixed with newsprint
pulp.
Paper production this year will be around. 16,000,000 tons. Next yexxr, with Canadian output due to go up, the total is estiniated at 18,000,000 tons. But even this will not he enough- to go around without heavy cuts in non-defense field.s. Note—The British have cut their ptiper consumption to 25 per cent of pre-war levels. Envelopes are used a.s long .as they hold together, being rescaled with tape. (Cop.yright, 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Veferpiians
For Annual ihorT Couriie Clinlics lliBMliuii^ Vetex’inax'ians from all over ..the •United, States,,and .particulwlyli^-, diana, wilj gather on oapipjls.,l;qS^y through Fx'iiiay^br the 29th Aunuj,! Short Course for Veterinax’ians. Encouraging in d,icatiqns of a.jlaiigie'gttenda.jice have been reGeiygd,.fi;^ the ^,6o veterinarians qf it wgs igjnnoupced yjesterday by,,^tj!. R. DonharPi, head of .t.he veterinary sci-
ence department.
Interest.,among lyetefinatians jrt their yarious organizationsi^as been quite high recently, eyidenced hy the large tufnoht for the me’eting of the Aipex-iqan. Veterinary Medical Associatioji.jn Indianapolis last .August; - - ■ ’ ' Nationally Known Authdrities The: short course this week-will feature many nationally .proirvinent authorities in yarious fielfis,. mp^t of whoixi are (seldom asseipbledTar
state pieetings.
Special clinics haye been scheduled throughoxxt the program when latest deyelopments in yax’iovis fields of veterinary surgexy . ian.d treatment will be demonstrated. tThe final day of the conference .iyill fie devoted to these cliiiics. -vy.g.h.
Everything for a College Education
DEAC’S
1. Does not roc dresses or men’s shirts. Does not irritate skin. 2. No waiting to dry. Can be used right after shaving, 3. Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days. Removes odor from perspiration. 4. A pure, white, grease less, stainless vanishing cream. 5. Arrid has been awarded the Approval Seal of the American Institute of Laundering for being harmless to fabrics. Arrid is the LARGEST SELLING DEODORANT. Try a jar today! ikRmm onu * AtoUetorce selling toilet goods ** (also in 10^ ond 59j5 jars)
LAST TIMES TODAY.
Eduardo GlaniwnivEtiinslj .GlndysGoilN^
Hurilcong ol ibs Ulb OD tba trail ol twogun tetroni
with Martorie Reynokli Ray Whillay loa (laoaot) Whit*
ALSO
'WHITE EAGLE'' SERIAL —-PLUS — CARTOON
— THURS. - FRI. - SAT. — "BOYS OF THE CITY'' 'BILLY THE Kip IN SANTA ,FE' "CAPT. MARVEL" SERIAL FIRST RUN NEWS
LUHA THUR. FRI. SAT. - 2 HITS
TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS
-.'44 r i i
t f (tt >
u
^ yr Y
WeSnmda^, ^akoiii^ S£
Purdw Exponent
Him Campus
$ frosh {lunoeers Sweep Content
11
^ h SI ' j. f«. i ^
>Qntf ^x intrants Run In Annual Event ^Tames Ashwejl led the^competitors across the finish line m the ^nu^l IhibKahiviKal jaross country meet, yesterday afternOffl*ii«iDj*l»infe ttw-onshimud and wet grass he finished ahead af'^hi? ^ilQsest opponent by twenty-^five yards The winning coprt tiih6 was 8:16,6 which, in view of ithe running condi/feionsy merj[t@wts»*
Sloppy Going
■F%e^nJ»ewiipttent plteBnoon rams haj^ Ifft the course m a gpggy stajte,
aij.d the skies were hppvily overcast wiiv. i.i.ioiicv Thp <Kmree,ipne mde three Quai- jjj sixth positions respec
ters in length, extended around the ^jyeiy ’ Ashwell, Jim to his friepds, is a freshman m the engineeiing school. He IS a membei of the Rhinie cioss-
IM Sc^hedules
TENNIS Wednesday October 16
neerang school was fourth, and he wap closely followed by Moupsey, an agricultural student, and Har rar, anothei engineer, who finished
stadium^ ^ast the tenpis courts, on throijgh the picnic j^-oundS;
around the golf course
‘Only SIX entrants, the smallest country squad, although he had no
dield in the bistony of the meet, awaited the sfarjter’s signal The eji^ipeering school led all others
previous distance ei^perience in high school Jim hails from Ad Vance in central Indiana, and makes
iWAth four entries who scored a to- his lesidence on the campus in Cary
1i8J^ of fourteen pomt?
V^Kery Second
The winner, Ashwell, represents the engineering schools Second
Hall North JRam Didn’t Help Undoubtedly the meager turnout was due to the inclemency of the
pl[uce WiOnt to Vickery, a freshman weather However a far bigger •m the School of Forestry Kallok, turnout is expected at the Intei-
also an engineer, waded across in third position Young of the engi-
frateinity haiiier meet which will be held in the near iutuie
Riveter Geld fans Will See Tilt iij Lqrge Ovql The opening enpounter of the season for the Ohio State Buckeyes, this y€(9,r, marked the beginning of the twentieth year of aetvice for Ohio Stadium, the Buckeye home field Teams from as far east as New York University and as far west as Souithern California have tried their mettle on its sod Many have iwon and many have lost but always large crowds
have greeted their efforts
Where I)id They Put Them*^ ' Although the stadium holds 62,- the second laigest collegiate footODO people normally, which is ade- ball stadium in the nation, wps made quate for almost any univeisity, possible largely by the gieat per-
ctowds of 90,000, 81,000, and 75 000 have witpeapqd some of the mpre
formances of early Buckeye grid btais In the fall of 1920 the state
fpmous games there It was in 1926 wide drive foi funds began and was when a strong Hfichigan team took so successful that by the beginning
a, heart bfeakmg 17 16 victory ovei the Buckeypg hefotje 90,000 fans
of the 1922 season the massive hoisesboe was finished and leady
* The stadium itself is constiucted f®^
of steel and reinforced concrete and It was Michigan Umveisity’s IS 574 feet long, 597 feet wide, and football team that helped dedicate almost 100 fqet high The four tow- the Ohio Stadium that fall and it ers that loom ovei the stadium serve was this team that won 19 0 to as space for lockeis, equipment, sound the customary keynote of showeis, offices and band leheai dedications This failed to spoil the sals as well as in t|ie capacity of a thiill of that moment foi the many men’s dormitoiy that was recently fans that came for a defeat could
publicized m the picture magazine, Life The construction of this stadium,
not take their stadium away Two Decks As IS customaiy in most stadiums
Eden ys Di»d*insky or J^rayblll
(Soph )
Gibbon vs Wells or Terry Collins vs Schsal (Jr) Walsh vs Sells or -Eoss Roth vs Mees or R R JCijaybill Hutchins vs Tormphten Eden vs Cohen (A,ll Cardpus) Voth vs Rodgers (Freshmen) Crofts vs Witsman or Stallings Daley vs Pavis or Olmsted
Dyer vs Noisier
ALL CAMPUS GOLF Wednesday eOetober 15 Busher vs Mansfield or Sprague Coombs vs Hoffor or Kitts Laddon or Rudson vs Rotfipan or Hpl
Robeits
Johnson vs Stafne or Kerns or Remger Shcad or Shelby vs Ochiltree or Bob
Smith
SQFT^ALL Wednesday October 15 Diamond 1 H 1 vs A 4 2 A 1 vs B 4 3 B 1 vs C 4 4 C 1 vs D 4 5 D 1 vs E 4 6 E 1 vs r 4 7 F 1 vs S 4 8 S 1 vs H 4 <) H 2 vs H 3 10 A 2 vs A 3 11 B 2 vs B 3 / 12 C 2 vs C 3 13 D 2 vs D 3 14 E 2 vs E 3 ir F 2 vs r 3 10 Ward 2r vs Ward 21 17 Delta Upsilon vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon H Schwartz 18 Phi Kappa Sigrpa vs Sigma Alpha Mu Bill Burghaidt TOUCHBALL Wednesday October 15 *
Field
1 Acacia ys Sisina Qbi R Wente 2 Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 2 M B Bernhard 3 Cgiy Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 4 R J Jones 4 Caiy Hall 5 vs Cary Hall 0 L R Jewett r Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 8 Flank Meyer b Caiy Hall 0 vs Cary Hall 10 H F Olds 7 Cary Hall 11 vs Cary Hall 12 C Rafferty 8 Caiy Hall 13 vs Cary fiall 14 W V Stephans
FACULTY BOWLIIG Oct 6 10 1941 High Team Sets Animal Hush 2404 Agri Chem 1 23rr Agr Extension 22r9 General Engr 2210 High Jnd Sets Frost 543 Lewis 539
of this Size the Ohio Stadium does not have a vast number of seats that make it difficult to see because of their great distance but use a system of upper and lower decks to make all seats desirable The up pei deck holds 21^,000 people while the lowpi holds ^1„000 Foi fhe fortunate Boilei maker fans wh,o aie going to Columbus this week end to witness the Purdue Ohio State game theie is not only the treat of seeing a good foot ball game m stoie for them but alsothe treat of watching thg game fiom one of the finest stadfums in the nation w h c
• Wait Until Saturday! ON THE- bulletin board in the dressing room of the Fieldhouse is a clipping ifijom a Coluipbus papei of last week with pictuies of several meipbers of the Boilermaker squad But they aren’t just the legulai type of griduon pictures On the natural pictuies a cartoonist has supeiimposed bandages, hot water bottles, and bottles of linament to ridicule the i^act that the Boileimakeis have been having trouble with wholeinjurjies THEY HAVE John Petty with a hot water bottle instead of a football, with'^the label, “qold shoulder ” They have Red Cartel with a splint and a bandage aiound his waist with a bandage on his hand with the words, “strained side and hangnail ” They have Wes Stevens with a big white bandage over his face with the caption, “twisted sipile ” • Be^r Stories OVER AT Columbus they are calling the injmy jinx “bear stories ” Just a bluff to put their boys off of their mental edge They know perfectly well that no Boilermaker team has ever or will ever resort to anything of this kind It’s just an excuse to keep the hoys fiom getting over cqnfident after the USC victory ALL OF WHICH means nothing to us except it gives us more than ever to play fop Saturday If we weie Petty or Caiter or Stevens or Warren or Fiench or Rush who had our pictures m that manner, we would certainly be anxious to make Columbus boys ciawl back in their
holes
• TKey're All Fired Up THERE NLVCR has been a more ideal time for an upset than with the Buckeyes Satuiday It’s the perfect setting Columbus, one of the most rabid football cities in the nation, is all het up over Paul Blown set up Early indications show that the game will likely he a sell out THEIR TEAM is in perfect condition Very few injuiies Buckeye fans openly admit that they are going to be the strongest team in the country • They're Just A Team DESPITE THE fact of thqir walloping of a fair Southern California team, this 1941 Buckeye team is ceitamly no miiacle bunch Missouii proved that They eat, sleep, walk, and talk just like any other team And their ends can be sucked in oi then tackles moved out just like any other
team
EVERYTHING IS leady The only thing needed is a fighting team that will go into the game ready to put out eveiythmg it has for a victoiy It’s all up to them • The Draft Asserts Itself ONE OP first reactions of the draft has hit the campus with the announcement that Don Blemker, veteian basketball guaid, will leave foi immediate induction into the aimy A special initiation was held foi Blemkei last night by the Gimlet Club in order that he could become an active before leaving for service It’s a tough blow for the basketball team He is a swell fellow and a plenty tough haidwooder Lot’s of luck to you in the army, Don.
Hatfield 537 Matzcti 520 Doran 29 }\lech Engl 836 Animal Hush 834 Agr Ghcm 1 806 Dairy 2 793
High Ind Games
Frost 220 Matzen 20 Sanders 203 Leutwilei 197 LEAGUD STANDING
Animal Hush Agi Extension Recitation Physics Agr Engl Dairy 2 Executive (^neral Engr Horticultuie 2 English Highway Research Mech Engr Dairy 1 Chemistry 1 Agr Chem 3 Poultry
Won Lost
9 3 ) 3 8 4 8 4 8 4 8 4
Ationomy Chem Engr Civil Ent,r Elec Engr 1 High Team Games Agr Exp Sta Horticulture 1 Llec Engl 2 Forestry Biology Agr Chem 1 Farm Mgt Speech General Stores Agr Ch^pi 2 Pharmacy Chemistiy 2 High Team Set to Date Animal Hush 2646 High Team Game to Date Civil Engr
906
High Weekly Individual Game Frost 220 Hit,h Ind Weekly Sets to Date
Stuckey Spencer Liskey
High Weekly Ind Game to Date
Spencei
Kcmmer
Hoefei
grid Twm S^f First Light hrMs Ifliufed Linemen Practice Again Playing before the largest crowei ever to witness a*Boifermaker football game, an estimated 70,000,^ Saturday's battle with Ohio State yi the Buckeyes’ spacious double-decker stadium promises to be one of the standout affairs in intercol-
legiate football Hard Dnlls -Stopped
Forced to call a halt to the strenuous scrimmage dnlls that were designed to coordinate the team’s latent power into a smooth functioning offense, Coach Mai Elward has resigned to^the use of comparatively light practice sessions which will put the squad in the best possible condition for their conference opener A light but steady drizzle that fell all afternoon made it impossible for the team to resume practice out of doors, yesterday, so they all packed up their equipment and moved into the shelter of the Fieldhouse to cairy out their drills Since it is unadvisable to send the team through hard body contact scrimmages, the reffiainder of the practice time before the game jvill be devoted to the perfection of ball handling, execution of plays and to laying the foundation of a pass defense against the Buckeye sharpshooters
Backfield Juggling
Because of the alaiming late of Hajzyk, who turned in such a good mortality among the backfield men punting performance against Pitt, in particular, Elward has found it Bob Kersey, Fred Smerke and Jim necessary to do a considerable Cary will all be on hand when the amount of revamping in that de- action starts partment, and consequently has Forward IV all Strengthened tried several combinations in an ef- exception of the men foit to strike upon one with an of „,entioned earlier, namely Galvin, fensive punch Petty and Carter, the other injured As conditions shape up right now, players will all be in good enough Johnny Galvin, who is on the side- shape to see action against the lines with a split cheekbone, will Buckeyes, and particulaily pronusdefinitely not see action against mg is the appeal ance of the forOhio State and probably not for the -ward wall which is shaping up m rest of the season John Petty, fine form smashing fullback, and lapid “Red” Barry Fiench, 220 pound Caiter will piobably be forced to sophomore tackle, and Bruce Warpass up the contest because of in juries sustained in the Pitt game ^ and during practice John Vees and Wes StevGaHs On Sophomores ens have returned to action in the To take the place of these men, center of the line as guards Mai Mai has been forced to call upon remarked in passing that two sophhis sophomoies and reserve talent omoie ends, Chuck Devine and Joe foi leplacements, and he has fairly Eggleston, who both hail from well formulated a semblance of g Oak Park, Illinois, have shown starting backfield from them Wal well in lecent sciimmages, especiter Cook, who has shifted back and ally on defense, and they should foith between the left and light both see action before the season halfback posts all season, has been has piogiessed veiy far assigned the left half spot in the Passing Show’ combination Sophomore Kenny If the last few practice sessions Smock, who piovided the offensive are any indication, the Riveters are spaik against Pitt, will probably planning to take to the air against hold down the right half position, the Buckeyes ever more than they although either Tony Beito oi did against Vandeibilt and PittsFrqn Meakim may get the call buigh, thus making utmost use of Jt IS a struggle between Rocky speed that is theirs Snyder and Johnny Andietich to
625 607 587
see who fills in the fullback spot left vacant by the ailing Petty Foitunately, the quarteihack posi tion is the only one left unscathed by the injuiy nepiesis, and the folir chief contendeis for the post, Boh
1 U'
Inter-fraternity Bowling
Wednesday, October 15, 6 30 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Acacia Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Dglta Upsilon Wednesffay, October 15, 8 45 Beta Sigma I^si vs Alpha Tau Omega Thursday October 16 6 30 Triangle vs Sigma Nu Kappn Delta Rho vs Phi Gamma Delta Phi ^appa Psi vs Alpha Chi Rho Tau Epsilon Phi vs Delta Tau Delta Thursday October 16 8 45 Beta Theta Pi vs Pi Kappa Phi Phi Kappa Sigma \s Pi Kappa Tau Theta Xi vs Phi Sigma Kappa Alpha Gamma Rho vs Lambda Chi Alpha
. . . TO LBT THE FOLKS AT HOME KNOW what you are DOING. HOW? . . . Not by writing, for no-one does that, anyway
CLASS DANCE I NSTRUCTiON Our method of instruction assures you of becoming a good dancer without delay BEGINNERS CLASS OPENS TUpS., NOV. 4, 7:30 P. M. P M Allen, Nationally Known In^ structor, Pance Instructor Culver Military Acadehiy, Past Pres of National Ass'n Masters of Dancnis. ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Goody's Fine Shoes Goodwin's Shoe Store In The Village 302 State
LOOK FOR THIS SIGN IT MEANS QUALITY AT LOWER PRICES John Sperb Hdwe. 822-24 Mam St
a Subscription of the PURDUE EXPONENT Today I Call 4005 EXPONENT OFFICE FOR PABTICULAES
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS RYTEX PERSON^
STATIOJNERX
.. i
W Stm
Auass fort# Vfiha ^ X**' Red Sauuuuna 39 *miw’** KbpI| VA
/ A-s f A
!al
IP
l‘^v If «'
^ , •* ' p. ■ ' '/''^‘P. ' i"-.v ' ..'I'Po'v,,^p ’^'' ! ‘'P 4P'>*'■■' p’''•.P "'P 't ^'p'", tPPv*-'
.1 / P , ' ' / ' '“^ I,;, ’ ‘ ,p ' " ffoilermaleer Sjpforts Parade WeamSay, rntbSef is
"Pp ^ P\
' i,P* -i
Graduating Senior Personnel Procednre
. You have all received your detailed instructions regarding the procedure to be followed in interviewing company representatives for a job. If you were out of school and were visiting employers to secure a position you would follow much the same procedure as that Which we have sp carefully laid out in our instructions to you. This is preparation for you for not only the first job yon will get after graduation, but for any other jobs that ypu might apply for in the future. The present emergency is forcing the hands of the industrial concerns. A number of companies have already notified us of their intentions of visiting Purdue University as early as November to interview June graduates. Other companies have planned visits to our campus during the second semester to interview June graduates. It is important that our office have a record of the Seniors who have already accepted employment or who are interested in other fields so that the men who do not have positions may get the maximum opportunities for interviews. Seniors who are taking advanced military training and Seniors who are deferred until just after graduation are encouraged to sign up for interviews just as though there were no opportunity for them to go
into the Service.
There will be some companies to whom such imminent military service will make no difference. For one of several reasons, some of the companies may be able to arrange deferment, but cannot reasonably guarantee it. They will not however, take any men who are going with them just to get deferment. Other companies are willing to put such graduates on temporary jobs for a few weeks or several months to get to know them before they are called to service. Often times these latter companies will keep in touch with these men even when they are in service in order to put the men back on their jobs after the emer-
gency is over.
The Personnel Representative of your School will be glad to answer any further questions about this
Hoover Plans Radio Address October 16 On Mutual Network Former President Herbert Hoover will make a radio address on “Can Euroi)e’s Children Be Saved,” this Sunday at 6 p. m. according to announcement made by Charles F. Horner, diiector of the national committee on Food for the Small Democracies. The committee considers that this speech will be the most important address that Mr. Hoover has made on this subject. The addi’ess will be canned over the Mutual Network originating from WOR, New York. The latest available information will be presented, together with a summary of the activities of the committee during the year in which it has operated, j.e.n. Hort Society Will Hold Picnic This Afternoon This afternoon on the Gordon Meyer’s farm, three miles south on the River Road, the Hoiticulture Society will hold its annual fall picnic. The gioup will meet in front of the Hoiticulture Building at 4:45 p. m., wReie tianspoitation will be
furnished.
All students enrolled in any horticultuial course aie invited to attend. A charge of 20 cents will be made. In case of rain, the picnic will be held in the assembly room of the Horticultural Building, p.s.
Today On WBAA
matter. Your active cooperation in this new' program will be appreciated. W. E. Vogler Director of Personnel
WEDNESDAY 10:00—News 10:10—Curio Man 10:15—Music ' 10:30—WBAA Presents 10:46—Theatre of Song 11:00—“Newspaper oand Magazine Writing” with Prof. Hugh McKee 11:50—Pui’due News 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:16—Meet the Band 12:46—Markets 1:00—“U r b a n Sociology” with Prof. T. K._ Noss 1:45—Music 2:00—A Story A Day 2:16—WPA Transcription 2:30—Moods in Music—Mrs. C. W. Hemmer 3:00—News 3:10—Music 3:15—Special Musical Programs"'' 3:30—Organ Moods 4:00—Tea Time Tunes 4:30—Purdue Bands 4:45—Little Miss Muffett 5:00-^Just Relax 5:30—Vespers 5:45—Curio Man 5:60—News 6’00—Dinner Music 6:30—Sports 6:45—Melody Maids 7:00—Symphony Hall 8:00—What’s Art To Me 8:15—Marching Along 8:30—Eventide Echoes 8:45—From the Press Box 9:00—Iiv Given’s Band 9:30—Music 9:50—News 10:00—OFF THE AIR
Broadcast To Explain Aims Of Movie Convos At 8 this evening WBAA will broadcast a program fully describing the Little Movie Convocations, Since the sale of season tickets to these special convos, many students have asked questions concerning the purpose of presenting feature length films to the student body. Betty Lou Duncan, chairman of tonight’s program, has announced that a dramatic script has been written which incorporates all the questions which have been asked concerning the movie convos. In this unique way it is hoped that these questions may be answered in . an enlightening, yet interesting manner. The radio committee of the Student Art Guild is in charge of the program, p.s. Tau Kappa Alpha To Hold Congress This Week-End Tau Kappa Alpha, forensic honorary will hold its fourth annual congress this Friday and Saturday in the Union. Representatives from ten to fifteen colleges and universities will participate in the congress, discussing, debating, and acting upon a variety of subjects. Margo Fargo, president of the Indiana University chapter, will preside at the luncheon on Friday at which Prof. George Beauchamp, TKA district governor, from Manchester College, Will give the principal address.
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding machines, ail maikes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph and multigraph work done. C. J. EbCTshoff, 606 Main. Phone 2779, Lafayette. , Money to Loan: on anything of value. Albert’s Jjoan Office. Pawnbrokers and Jewelrs, 407 Columbia St. Vocal Lessons: For 25 years Ijafayette’s only real singing teacher. Voice test free. Edward W. Frank. Studio, Lahr Hotel.
Phone 4066.
Paper Towels: The famous Nilroc—Buy these for your washroom and kitchen—Cabinets free. Paper napkins, toilet papers. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co. .Wanted: Experienced student soda clerks. Thirty cents per hour Apply to G. O. Arbuckle, Caiy Hall, South.
Notices
Senior Advanced Military Students: Will you please leave snapshots or pictures taken at summer camp in H. F. Graebner’s box at Armory. These pictures will be used for exhibition at coming smoker. Leave name with pictures. Pictures will be returned. 10-15 —LARSON. Modern Dance: Practices will be held on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday ut 4 and on Tuesday at 7 in the gym, —SERBAN Novice Pistol: Students desiring to fire in the third novice pistol group starting Tuesday, Oct 21, may sign up in the supply room of the armory now, —BROWN Distinguished Gun Squad Competition for 155 MM Howitzer: All juniors are eligible for entrance Squads will consist of two
juniors and nine sophomores.
Juniors desiring to enter squads present entries to Lt. Baum in instructor’s room
piior to 4 p. m , Oct 15, 1941,
Piactice for squads will take place two hours a week over a six-week period. Reference: Military Department Handbook.
—ANTRIM
P-Men: Meeting Wednesday, Octobey 16, in roCm 804 of'the Union. Ail maj'or and
minor lettermen please attend.
I —COMBS
Tau Beta Pi: Election of members.will be held Wednesday, October 16, at 7:30 p. m. in room 212 of the Union. Unexcused
absentees wil Ibe subject to fine. _
mm* - -.»• I —-MUNGEB Gold Diggers: ticket salesmen please come to a meeting in AWS office Wednesday,
Oct. 16, at 4 p.m. Bring money.
^ —McCOUCH
WAA Speedball: Practices end this week. Sign up in the gym for teams before Saturday. Practices this Tuesday and Thursday, ■—GALBRAITH Coeds; Meeting of ail freshman, sophomore and junior women interested in working of Exponent business staff Thursday at 4 in Exponent office. —POWER Skull and Crescent: All members must meet for pep session Thursday, Oct. 16, in front of Pi Beta Phi house at 6:16 p m.
—MENKE
AWS Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday at 7:30 in AWS office. —McCULLOCH WAA Rlflery: Call-out Monday, Oct. 13, to Thursday, Oct. 16. Schedule for houses IS posted in gym. —CURRY Society of Automotive Engineers; All members be present to elect officers Thursday night Oct. 16 at 7:30 in Room 802 of the Union, —ROMAN Military Juniors: Advanced course uniforms will be ready for fitting on Thursday, Oct. 16 and Friday, Oct. 17 between Sam. and 6 p.m. in the supply room of the Armory. —BROWN Newman Club: there will be a meeting of all those interested in working of decorations for our Barnyard Frolic in Room 236 of the Union at 4 p m. Thursday. Please be there. —BARR
Mechanical Engineers: The American
ciety of Mechanical Bngiheers ftiem^bfetshiD
applications may (be ,obw -j -
eral office of the
building.
. .„vjined in the genMeohnniCal Engineers
-BOLZ
PIA Ward Chairmen: Have political chairmen report to PIA office Wednesday, Oeto-* her 16, at 4 p.m. —FOX PIA Members: Two positions on executive board are open. Petitions will be accepted for men’s activities chairttmn. apd ward chairman of south ward. Petitions must be in PIA office by Monday, t^tobet 20, at 4 p.m. —ELDER Agricultural Education Students: All men agriculture students are requested to attend Ag Eds picnic today at 4 p.m. in back of stadium. Tickets may be purchased from John Hiigli today or at the pionic for twenty cents. Tickets will be free to freshmen, —HIIGLI Military Ball Committee: Meeting Wednesday, October 16, at 4 p.m. in room 202 of the Armory. —DIBOS Coed Debate: Ail coeds interested in varsity debate and discussion nleet in room 301, University Hall, Wednesday, October 16 at 4 p.m. —"WINCH Fraternity President’s Council: Dinner meeting at Acacia Hbuhe on Thursday, October 16, at 6 p.m, —MAYFIELD Catalyst Pledges: Important meeting of all pledges Thursday, October 16, in room 110 of the Chem and Met Building. —BRICK Code Instructions: Application^ for enrollment in Radio and Code desses now being taken IhJthe Instructors room of the Armory. ^ —BURKHAK'T' Battery Softball Teams: S2 vs SS Thursday, October 16, at 4 p.m. on the intramural fi^ld. —FINEGAN Kappa Psi; Special meeting of all active members Thursday, October 16, in room 806 of the Union at 7:30 p.m. —SCOTT
Puttering Shop Classes: Posters and let- Military Freshmeh; All interbattery softteriiig, invention and industrial design das- ball games will be played Wednesday eveses both meet at 7:30 p.m. 'Thursday, Oct. ning Same schedule as originally planned
- - - —vanderfobd
-PARKS for Tuesday.
All Forensic Managers: Wednesday at 4 p m.
meet in office —LAWLER
June Eller—pianist alternating with Afternoon Melodies
WABASH HOTEL
NOW PLAYING NIGHTLY JACK and ADRIENNE DIRECT FROM BISMARK HOTEL IN CHICAGO — DON'T MISS IT—IT'S A HIT —
REMODEL NOW! Prices Are Rapidly Advancing HENRY POOR LUMBER CO.
West* Lafayette
Phone 3083
JlERNmJit
The ANSWER to your LAUNDRY PROBLEM
IS Bachelor Laundry Service, 5 lbs. for $1.45 plus 25c per lb. for all over 5 lbs. 10% discount on all laundry lejl at our West Side Office PHONE 3085 132 Northwestern
the INTIMATE GIFT that’s ALWAYS APPnOPtUATE
Nothing iis more persona'll than^ hiatndwriting
For Her
For Him
(^The Debutante :^vacvmatic& The Majorj iThe pen $ 8.75 ^ Guaranteed-for-life| \The set $12.75 ^ by Parker’s Blue
Other Parker Sets from $2.95
DECKER’S
518 Main St.
Phone 5036
Pardon me for being so inquisitive but have you. been to the Union lately? It’s better than ever before. JhjL fiwidwL TyismuffimL lAniofL ‘^The Corner of the Campus — And the Center of Activities**
Each time you taste ice-cold Coca-Cola, you are reminded that here is the quality of genuine goodness. Experience... refreshing experience... has taught people every^lirhere to trust the quality of Coca-Cola. tOTUED UNDER AUTHORITY Of THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY COCA-COLA BOTTLING CO., Inc. Fhon« 4937 Lafayette, Ind. Cor. 6th & Salem
CABS win friends and influence WOMEN! All YOU do is telephone! First call the Woman, then dial 5023, 3071
YELLOU CAB CO