\
J
/
-J^ JA W*i*'’?lW » »i *r YrjtJSl^^v'Jv, *,/4c){feVt
" ^ V. tt. ^ ■j^s^ f
■sll^i
'A
-'/'‘A"
\»^|
Mfout M>l4>1tmm
Volume 52, No. 129
West Lcdtiiyette, Indicma
Wednesday, March 5, 1941
First Curtain Rings Up On Night Must Fall' At 7:30
Reserved Seats Still On Sa/e; Play Depicts 'Aspect" Of Murder Martha Jane Fox Opening night! Once again Playshop will present an eyeopener play when the curtain goes up on “Night Must Fall” tonight at 7:30 o’clock in Fowler Hall. Thi^ play, which revolves around a maladjusted bellhop, presents the psychological aspect of murder with human interest and romance supplying the background.
Reserved seat tickets may be obtained up until the last night of performance (Saturday night). The curtain goes up at 7:30 o’clock today and tomorrow, and 8 o’clock on Friday and Saturday.
Staging ‘Murder-ish’ The set is definitely old-fashioned ■with paneled walls, beams up above, a dormer window above the center door and an. old hall-tree in the en-trance-way. A paraffin lamp sits on a circular table, while an up-right phonograph is shoved into one of the many corners created by ancient architectural ideas. An atmosphere of dreariness and futility hangs over the room as the characters struggle against falling under the influence of a homicidally inclined person. N. M. Reid, assistant director of Playshop, is an authority on old English costumes and cottages, and through his expert help these divisions are truly authentic. A wheel-chair dominates the center of the stage. Mrs. Bramson, owner of the house, dictates her orders to everyone in the house except Dan. Nobody can tell him what to do, and he is controlled by his unbalanced mind.
—iFrom All Fronts—— Today's Summary Of War News
To Chicago Daily News 5‘oreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News.'lnc A German mission arrived at Ankara yesterday to deliver to Turkey a “special message” from Adolf Hitler. It was received at once. >. It Jt * ‘'The impression is growing in London that no country friendly to Great Britain but little Greece has yet learned the lesson of Norway, Holland and Belgium,?’ William H. Stoneman cabled yesterday. “In Washington, the British have their hands completely tied.” “Britain needs American manpower,” Helen Kirkpatrick cabled yesterday from London. “Without men as well as material, Britain cannot win this war. That is the view (contrary to London’s official position) as expressed by key businessmen.” Jjc H* Jk “Neutral observers agree,” radioed A. T. Steele from Batavia yesterday, “that the longer the Japanese seizure of southern IndoChina bases can be stalled off, by any means, the longer the final showdown in the Pacific be postponed.” . 4< * “In order to reinvigorate the dis tended threads of Franco-German collaboration, Vice-Premier Jean Darlan left this morning for Paris,” Paul Ghali radioed from Vichy yesterday.
« *
The Streatham Hill Congregational Church in suburban London has received 100 pounds sterling from the La Grange (111.) Congregational Church. The money is used for the aid of children who have suffered from the war.
Organizations Present Convo
Music Room Plays Opera Of Tschaikowski Tonight Recorded works of Tschaikowski Will provide entertainment tonight from 7 to 8 o’clock in the Music Room of the Union. The program will include the most popular 'Of the great composer’s music: “Romeo and Juliet,” “Waltz” (from “String Serenade”) and “Overture Miniature,” “Marche,” “Danse de le Fee Dragie” (Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy), “Trepak,” “Danse Arabe,” “Danse Chinoise,” “Danse des Mirlitous” and “Valse des Fleurs” from the ‘^Nutcracker
Suite.”
War Strikes Near Home
Purdue Graduate Escapes From Nazis
By Fred Jones Hitler and the uncertainities of , existence in Nazi-controlled Europe are very real to one Purdue graduate. Melvin A. Marquette, ’06, has just returned to his Mooresville home after three harrowing years in Belginm, Germany, France and Spain. He has quite a story to tell. According to an article which appeared recently in the Indianapolis News, Marquette was held as a “political prisoner” in German-occupied territory subject to the whims of the Nazi government. The original reason for this detainment was Marquette’s thorough technical knowledge of rubber manufacturing processes, but the conditions of the war also aided in preventing his escape. Plant Operator Marquette first went to Europe in 1930 when a Bel^um firm called him from his job as technical manager in a rubber plant at Akron, O., to assist and advise them'■in constructing and operating a rubber plant at Leige. Prom there he was later sent to another plant in Aachen, Germany, where he lived in peace and comparative security with his wife and family for several years. When the German food shortage began to affect them in 1937, Mrs. Marquette and the children returned to the United States and established their residence in Indianapolis. Buna Rubber The growing German war machine was motorized, so that rubber soon became a vital product to the Nazis, The Berlin regime, recognizing a shortage in the supply, issued
orders to change ma^inery in several rubber plants for the manufacture of a synthetic rubber product called “buna.” Marquette’s Aachen plant was one of the first affected. Operations became more secretive and before long, even ihough he was still manager in name, Marquette was forbidden to visit the factory to view manufacturing processes, to see production reports, or to go to his offices. The government, because of the knowledge he already had of rubber manufacture, refused to allow him to leave Aachen and confined him to a certain “area.” It took him months of string-pulling to get the permit which would allow him to leave, but finally he was released and went back/to Leige. Troublesome Bombs It wasn’t long, however, before the Nazi advance across the border forced Marquette to flee again, first towards Brussels and then 'south to Compiegne, Prance.* The mighty blitzkrieg was sweeping down from .Holland. No sooner had he found hotel accommodations in Compiegne than the German bombardment began. Marquette" headed back to Leige where he hoped to find friends and a place to stay. When he reached Leige he managed, after some trouble, to find accommodations in a smkll hotel. A heavy bombardment was going on around the city. The German big guns were trpng to fire over it in an attempt* to hit Namur, several miles to the west. Camphor Bread After things had quieted down,
Marquette renewed his efforts to get away; but the Nazi government would not allow anyone to leave the occupied territory for at least a month. It was nine months before he got out. During that time, food was scarce, clothing was hard to get, the coal supply wa_s low, and all of the people we^e Suffering. He explained the healthy, well-fed look of the people by saying that the bread had camphor in it. “This makes whoever eats it Jook puffed up and rosy-cheeked, even though he is almost starving,” he said. Permits Cancelled The Germans eventually started issuing “group permits” to people who wished to leave, and Marquette managed to get in the third group. However, because someone in the second group disobeyed a clause in the permit which said that no member should set foot on any soil between Leige and Lisbon, Portugal, all other group permits were cancelled. It was only by more wirepulling through the high command in Berlin that Marquette was finally able to obtain an individual permit to leave. He departed from Leige on January 22, but more (trouble awaited him.'When he reached Spai^, the only money he had left with him was American money and that was not acceptable to the Spanish. The wife of an American journalist, however, come to his rescue, and he reaehed Lisbon at last. There his Ai|(ierican dollars were finally good. From Idsbon he sailed for New York, home, and a good square meal —with no camphor-bread.
Japanese Mediator Role In South Pacific Viewed Suspiciously
By A. T. Steele SPECIAL RADIO
To The Chicago D^ly News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc. Batavia, March 4.—^Here in the South Pacific, Japan’s newest attempts to impose its will on French Indo-China are being closely followed as a matter of direct, deep and very personal concern. ‘ The vital question is not whether Thailand is awarded a slice of IndoChina territory, but whether the Japanese intend to utilize their mediator’s role as a cloak for a long-scheduled move into southern Indo-China. , Neutral observers agree that th* longer Japanese seizure of southern Indo-China bases can be stalled off, by any means, the longer can the final showndown in the Pacific be
postponed.
Time Precious for Democracies And time js precious for the democracies. If the Japanese seize Saigon, or Comranh Bay, the threat to the security of Singapore and the Dutch islands is obvious. They would be within bombing range, too, of the oil-producing areas of this archipelago. French Patience Doubtful The spectacle of the French lamb baring its teeth in the face of Japanese threats is surprising to both the British ^and the Dutch. However, it is problematical whether the French have really reached the limit of their patience with the Japanese steam roller tactics, or are siipply playing the same game of bluff and procrastination which preceded their capitulation at Tongking last September. Huitgren Will Conduct Forensic Discussions Informality is the keynote of this year’s All-Campus Discussion Tournament it was announced yesterday by Ralph Hultgren, senior forensic manager. The first series of five discussions will be held in various fraternity and sorority houses to promote this feeling among both participants and the audience. May Enter 7 Competitors Any fraternity, sorority, or bona fide student organization may enter as many as five participants and two alternates in the competition. Loving cups will be awarded to the man and woman who win in the finals and trophies will be given to the men’s and women’s organizations that amass the largest total number of points. The trophy will remain in the possession of the winning house foi a year. To_keep the trophy ^.permanently an organizar tion must win it three times. All participants in the final round will be awarded keys. ■ Method of Conduction ^ Each discussion meeting will be conducted as follows: 1. An introductory presentation of tfie subject by the chairman. 2. The discussion by the contestants. Each contestant should participate in the discussion; there will be no formal speeches. ‘ 3. At the conclusion of each discussion, the chairman will.nama the best three contestants. These contestants will advance to the next* round of discussions. \ ' Each organization that competes should select a manager to keep in contact with the forensic hoard. A meeting of these managers is scheduled for tomorrow at 4 p. m. in room 391 of University Hall. j.f.d.
Martin To Play For Windy Way CabaretDance
KliSS 4,000 Hear Campus Musical
Team TonighHn Union Local organizatiqns and citizens tonight will pay tribute to Coach Ward Lambert and his basketball team at the annual Lafayette Lions’ Club banquet in the Memorial Union. Nearly 600 persons will turn out to honor the Boilermaker squad, it was announced by Chairman E. F. Degering, after the close of the
ticket sales Monday. Van Orman Toastmaster
Toastmaster for the program will be Harold Van Orman, former Lieutenant - Governor of the State, and high-lighted events will include the election of the 1941-’42 captain, announcement of letter awards to members of the varsity and freshman squads, and a short talk on “Hoops and Hoopla” by President
E. C. Elliott.
Seniors Honored Entertainment will be furnished by the Men’s Glee Club, under direction of Albert P. Stewart, and the varsity band, under direction of
Hal Todd..
Specific mention will be made of the services of the three seniors who closed their careers of college competition Monday night against Northwestern, Capt. Bob Igney, ' Norman Swarts, and Paul Pauline; and in addition Forest “Jake” Weber, towering senior center who has been invalided since mid-season with a serious ankle injury. l.m.sT
By John Amos
The Old March Wind blew and blew the Union Winter Formal right out of the Union and blew again and in came the Windy Way Cabaret. Something new in entertainment, it will be infinitely more fun since street length dresses and business suits will be worn, according to Virginia Schaupp and Jim Wolff Union Vice-presidents in charge. From 8 until 12 this Friday evening both ballroom^ off the Union will be turned into a typical night spot with smoking, soft drinks, dancing, floor show, and!^ even balloons all over the place. Cover charge $1.00. Tables are available for from two to five couples and reservations for the dance may be made at the west desk of the Union. One ticket will reserve any table. ‘Harem-Scarem’ Previewed Bill Martin and his orchestra will play for half hour periods throughout the evening with plenty of floor show scheduled in between. The theme of the floor show is sneak peeks at Harem Scarem, coming Union show. Martin will preview “Baby” and “For One,” two musical numbers from the show. Dick “Ollie” Lynch who was the comedy man in “Everything But Onions” will be Master of Ceremonies. He appears as the College Joe in the new production^ Don Brinkerhoff, another star in the new show, will do a number of impersonations. Jean Skinner and the Melody Maids will sing a number of arrangemehts in the Dorsey style and Rocky Coluccio, pianist with Irv Given will swing out between dances. Glee Club To Perform ' Men’s Glee Club under the direction of A1 Stewart are scheduled to sing a selection oi light classical
numbers.
The theme, March is carried out in the backdrop, too. The wind is pictured as, a large head with puffed ou^ cheeks and is shown blowing across the screen.
, Union Show Tickets Tickets for the Union show. The Sultan Was A Lady, are on sale at the West Desk, in front of the Sweet Shop in the Union and from all sophomore Union workers. Price: fifteen cents.
Audience Commends Symphonic Band, Glee Club, Orchestra, Choir With the playing- of “Hail Purdue,” last night the Sjonphonic Band, under the direction of Professor “Spots” Emrick, opened one of the finest convocations yet to be held in the Music Hall iii the opinion of the 4,000 students and towns-
people assembled.
In addition to the opening number and those regularly/^eheduled, the band played the popular Prelude to Act I|I of “Lohengrin” by Wagner and Sousa’s “Stars and Stripes Forever” march. This last number was a special arrangement that contained several excellent solo parts. At the end of the numbe^'the audience arose as two members of the band unfurled large American
flags.
The first number following the intermission was the “Ballad for Americans” sung by the Concert Choir with Wallace Woodrow as soloist. This song was first introduced by Paul Robeson on the radio and won instant popular acclaim. This is the first time that it has been presented fb a campus group. Vernon Westburg, concert master of the University Orchestra, played two violin solos, accompanied by Joanne Lloyd. They were “Czardas’ by Monti and “Zigeunerweissen” by garasate. The Glee Club and the Concert Choir, accompanied by the University orchestra, furnished the ^closing part of the program, a scene in a gypsy camp complete with children, dogs, covered wagon' and beer mugs. The choirs j\^g three numbers togethefj! and accompanied soloists in five more. Following the program, a reception was held in the south ballroom of the Union for members of the organizations participating. jff.a. Harry A. Boyce . . . EE ’25, was recently promoted from the department of plant engineers in the Long Lines department of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company at Cleveland, Ohio to the position of staff supervisor under the general plaht supervisor at the general office of that company in New York City.
Dunking Society To Hold Contest To Choose Charter Members
By Alice Chatfield The National Dunking Association is establishing a chapter here. Charter members will be chosen today from competing dunkers in the Coffee Shop, the local headquarter^. The University yvas voted as a suitable place to establish a chapter by the national association which meets at the Hotel Astor in New York City. Dunking Legal Members of the association are permitted at 'all times to dunk doughnuts either in private or in public without criticism or interference. To prove membership identification cards, as issued so that members will not meet with foul play. For these privileges all members are expected to observe the official dunking rules. Any member caught getting his fingers wet will be subject to suspension. Splashing is taboo. , After the charter member^ are chosen from competition in the Coffee Shop today, future aspirant
members must fill out application blanks and attain the entrance standards of dimking before they will be admitted to the ranks of the more experienced. Dunkers’ Creed To keep up with the aspirant members who will have to practice faithfully 1:o win approval, the Coffee Shop has put in a ncsw doughnut machine. The dough is dcc^pe^ in the top of the machino^ ju filed while being cireqteted t^ugh the fat, is turned oVeiv\and'(^mee out of the machine a golden brown doughnut ready to be dunked. The creed of the association decorates the walls of the Coffee Shc^ and members are expected to follow it. It is— As you ramble on through life, brother, ' Whatever be your goals. Keep your eye upon the dough** nut And not upon the hole.%
i 1
We<faiesd<iy. McftcE 5, 1941
pjtMilwL £xponaid.
D^erenceCoaclies Name All-Star Srjuad; Blanken0n2iulTeam Top Big Ten honors go to Gene Enghind, lanky Wisconsin center, who was unanimously selected for the All-Star basketball team of 1941. The two forwards chosen were Kotx, sophomore sharpshooter also from Wisconsin, and Dick Fisher from Ohio State. Robert Dro, Indiana, and Robert Richmond, Illinois rounded out the flashy quintet at the guard positions. Blanfcen Chosen Don Blanken from Puidue Was selected for the center spot on the second team along with Bill Menke of Indiana and Mike Sofiak of Michigan at the guard posts, and Carlson of Minnesota and Stampf of Chicago at forwards. Fisher, Kotz Forwards The competition for the forward positions wak very keen. Joe Stampf, Chicago’s brilliant sharpshooter, was barely nosed out by Fisher and Kotz. Frosty Sprowl,
Clark To Explain Florida FarmToHorficnlMsIs Explaining about vegetable gardening on his exilerimental farm in Florida, Lewis Clark, local florist, will speak tonight at 7:30 o’clock to,the Horticulture Society meeting in room 117 of the Horticulture Building. The question of whether nutrient culture methods as practiced in soil-less gardeh tanks can be used m the soil, has prompted Clark to purchase this southern farm. The soil fertility is very low on this farm and he is experimenting with chemical fertilizers to produce an adequate crop. |His results will be explained to the group. Refreshments will follow the discussion.
.high-scoring Boilermaker, was given honorable mention at forward along with Siegel of Iowa. Also given honorable mention was Don Blemker, guard on the Purdue quintet. The two All-Conference teams were selected for the Associated Press by the ten basketball coaches.
If You DonH Get ^ Your Copy of .. . The Purdue Exponent don^t call our offices, there’s nobody there until 4 p. m.—^Just give 3301 a buzz before 8 a. m., ask the little man who answers the phone to drag “Dick” Recktenwald off the conch, and then tell him about your troubles. He’s the Circulation Manager, why give us a piece of your mind, when you <fan present it aH to him.
mu Miwt Famous 4-Gore Tailored Rayon Satin Slip 69
Barbizon Slips are the most famous slips in the country... and they are seldom sold at a special price! The wise woman will buy not just one, but several now! The Bryn Mawr features Barbizon's mpst celebrated design, the 4-gore patented cut that fits everybody. The fabric is Barbizon's own rayon Satin Jaunty, petal soft, like all Barbizon fabrics, and woven close for extra wear. Colors: Petal Pink, White. Atodium length; sizes: 32-44. Short length; sizes: 29-43.
Seed Corn Producers Will Discuss Research At Annual Conference Hybrid seed corn producers will hold their third annual conference on campus tomorrow and Friday. The conference will include talks on the latest research results of hybrid corn, insect problems, seed drying problems and advertising. The program for tomorrow evening will consist of an informal dinner and an address on “Research” given by Dr. W. L. Burlison, head of the agronomy departiflent at the University of Illinois. Motion pictures will be shown at that time. After the program, T. R. Johnston, director of the University publicity bureau, will lead a round-table discussion on hybrid corn advertising. H. J. Reed, dean of the University School of Agriculture, will be chairmen of the program. The meetings tomorrow will be presided over by M. O. Pence and K.'E. Beeson, of the University. The sessions Friday will be headed by Prof. A. T. Wiancko and Dr. Ralph Caldwell, of the agronomy and botany departments, m.h.
Yesterday
TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS
Your Favorite of the Comic Strips! LIL ABNER and All Your Other Pals from Dog Patch PLUS THE EAST SIDE KIDS IN BOYS OF THE CITY
9UR GUARANTEE:
More roarin: thrills per sec end than an^ screen enter tainment ir history! Th( whole, excit ing drama o' America . . in one might) show of shows'
All profits realized from this film will be donated to war emergency welfare by the Motion Picture Induat^.
LAST DAY
iONNII SAKIK OiraiN TUCKBRj
. . . the south ballroom was the scene of a Union tea dance which was attended by about 60 couples. Music consisting of the popular requests was furnished by recordings of favorite bands '
The '^th Columii
On page three of our daily paper. Buried among the ads; We ran across a little item about how Adolph is helping his left hand man, Benito. It seems that the Italians are having sort of a tough time making ends meet. What with the tourist trade cut off. However, this is all being taken cate of now by German armed force^ spending money in Italy. Who, according to the official Italian news agency .”. . “From the customs viewpoint have, in certain respects, the character of tourists.” * * ♦ Too true, too true, # >k * * Except that these boys have the one bad habit of .carrying guns. And they haven’t any character. * * ♦ Benito will learp. * * On the home front, we have been wondering about this thing called Mid-Term Folks day. And were just a mite confused by it. You see. Mid-term is April 1. Any fool knows that. * • * And here 'goes the University pulling this-business on March 15. Well we checked our calendar and found that not only is the 16th the Ides of March, but is also appropriately . . . The 4cy yellow slips go out. * * * Which twists the whole thing into a horrible plot.
The Purdue Exponent
Bntmred as second class matter at the post office 1* fayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section llfiS, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 93 00 per year, mall subscription 98 60. Editor-In-Chief ... K. W. Donahue Business Bfanager . _ „ . Merle Hagemeyer Publication Stiff Mews Editor . ~ . J. H. MeKee Managing E^tor _ .. D. K. Helple Associate Editors: M. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W Bttffner, it, M. Skallerup, J. I>. Traugott Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, 6. C. lAnders, Promotion Managmr, C. F. Danglemajer i Accounts 'Manager, B. J. Sha^ord; Circulation bfonager, B. M. Becktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor _ • JBeth Simpson Assoolate Editors; Maty Kay Miller, Buth Bose, Dohna Bless. Sports Staff Editor J- P. Dolan Associate Editors: J F. Adamson, P. C Johnson. B. O. Swalm.
Phene: Editorial 4005; Business 5038;Sperts 2792 Bepresented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc,, College Publishers Bepreaentatives, 420 Madison Ave., Mew York, M. Y. Staff Pbr This luue -Might Editor: Miller Ass’!. Night Editor* Clark Miiriit Sports Editor: Adamson Staff; J F. Amos, B. Hadley, E W Mordlinger, K. Stettenbenz, E M Swarts, A. Chatfield, M. Boynton, Bf. L Losey, J. Bamsdell, B. Humrickhouse, M Prantner, M Hyde. ,
To get all our parents down here . . . Before they can forget about those things. ♦ is * In addition to saving a small fortune in postage.dkh
Local Musician Returns Sunday For Music Recital Edward Kilenzi Foley, well - known Chicago - Lafayette pianist, has returned from an 1800 - mile tour of the eastern states and will -give a recital Sunday from 4 to 5 o’clock in the Music Room of the Union. • This will be Foley’s second recital in this vicinity, as he appeared with W. Clifford Stark last year in Duncan Hall The public is invited to attend this performance e.m.s
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
MYSTERY SEA RAIDER
AND—
Riisonnq &rpanaion peSt
ALSO 'GREEN ARCHER” Serial
—THU^S.-FRI.-SAT.— LOVE HONOR AND OH BABY PALS OF THE SILVER SAGE WINNERS OF THE WEST
Jjumbf. JalL
Not To Be Forsaken The world has one great weapon in its present struggle to resist the tide of barbarism that seems ready to engulf its peoples. That weapon is education, for out of education springs alleviation of want, the basic cause of war. But now, when that weapon is most needed, it is failing. Educational systems throughout the Warring sections of the globe, not designed to resist direct armed assault, are breaking down. Thousands upon ttiousands of students are finding themselves bereft of instruction and the tools of learning, books. These systems must not be allowed to fail. The WSSF has been organized to bolster the educational setups of China and Europe. It is designed to make the continuation of learning possible in places where today there is no thought for anything but life itself. These statements are accepted by most as true, and yet here on the campus, where of all places it should be best supported, the WSSF is not getting the backing it deserves. This movement is not futile. True enough, $100,000 seems only a drop in the bucket when compared to the size of the problem, but such is not the case. When conditions demand it, 50 students can share a text and instructors will donate their skill. In China, one of our dollars will keep a student for a year. Charity begins at home is a hungry man’s adage. Few here at school are hungry enough to miss the dime that would contribute a little to future peace. Education is not a thing to be forsaken—gime. r.m.s.
■ MMA LAST DAY — 2 HITS!
EM TECHNICOLOR
ALSO-
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
ALSO
mMHOOD
MADS TOMORROW - FRIDAY
ifime.
1‘lclUr,
LAST TIMES TODAY- * Amazioa'a No. 1 antaitaiuoant faith* Havdy's baat hit yat ... 1^ that nai IfaTEliianCI
The Lincoln library of the late Valentine Bjoikman, comprising" more than 1,000 volumes, has been acquired by Upsala college, East Oiange, N. J
FILING CABINETS
ART METAL STEEL LETTER FILES 2-3-4 and 5 Drawer Friced From $17.50 up HAYWOOD’S retail DEPT. Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lafayette, Ind.*»<%?'■ <*»S
tr
'• ;! i*Jl -4 V:^,-
* ' , \ ' r/ri
PukJiuL ^j^ion^id.
Wd4ndsda7« Marc|i 5« 1941
fijcatL 3 “ SituAtA.
i'^
!'<
Fieldhouse Gets In Shape For Big Ten Indoor Carnival
KhreterWrestlefsAndMermen
Prepare For Conference Meet in Week-End Races
At Ohio State And lowaMar. 7-8
With a very hopeful outlook on the Big Ten swimming meet at Iowa this Friday and Saturday nights, the Boiler> maker tankmen continued their vigorous workouts under the watchful eye of Coach Papengttth. Several of the Riveters have turned in fast performances during the last week; so they should give a good account of themselves this week-end. MichigMi Favored Again this year, however, the Michigan mermen, because of their unblemished record during:^the past season, and also because their squad is made up almost entirely of defending title-holders, are favoredto cop the championship. With the Wolverine squad apparently taken care of, most of the attention will probably be focused on the battle for the runner-up spot in the meet. Ohio State, Northwestern, Minnesota, Iowa, and the Boilermakers have records which indict^ that any one of them may have the honor of being second to Michigan when the hostilities are over Saturday night. I M Schedules BASKETBALL Wednesday, March 6 Court 1. C. H. Bechenbach-George Doherty 7:00 Cary Hall 14 or 2 vs Cary Hall 1 or 11 7:16 Lmna va Owen 8:00 Ward 7 vs Ward 7 or. 6 Court 2: Eugene $tockdell 7 :(K1 'Rteta Ki vs Beta Theta Pi or lambda Chi Alpha 7:16 Harwood vs Westminster Court 3: IL (Joldstein 7:0« Ward 80 va Ward 10 or 18 RIFLE Wednesday, March 6 P.M. 4:00 Alpha Chi Rho 4:80 Ainuda 5:00 Tab EpsUon Phi BADMINTON / Wednesday, March 6 (Doubles) Please leport promptly at 4:16 p m Kapi>a Sterna
Vigojjous work-outs make up the regular diet of the Boilermaker mat squad as the team, having won 4, lost 3, and tied 1 match this season, prepare for the annual conference meet, to be held Friday and Saturday, March 7-8, at Columbus. Five Men Fntered Five men are expected to enter the competition under thef direction of Coach Reeqk. Co-captain Casey Fredericks, the only Junior, who garnered the high point crown this year with 39, will enter the 121pound class and may face last year’s inter - collegiate champion, representing Indiana University. To Sophomore Jack Foster, wi^h a season’s record of 31 points, is assigned the 136-pound groiq) in which the conference champion of last year, Hoosier Wilson, is entered. These two have met twice this year and each have a decision over the other. More Sophs Sophomores Britt, at 146; Blinka, 165; and Ruggieri, heavyweight, complete the squad. Hoosier Lazzeri, champion of 1939, who dropped school work last year, will return to the 166 pound entanglement. Prospects for next year’s Riveter Grunters may journey to Indianapolis for the AAU tournament, scheduled for March 16. Freshmen^ who will make the trip have not been definitely picked as yet. r.l.m.
Lambda Chi Alpha Phi Kappa Psi Phi Kappa Sigma Phi Sigma Kappa Pi Kappa Alpha Sigma Alpha Epsilon Sigma Alpha Mu Sigma Chi Sigma Nu Sigma Phi Epsilon Sigma Phi Tau Epsilon Phi TaU Kapph. Epsilon Theta Xi Any Maternities not playing Tuesday may play their 8 games W^nesday (Today).
5-
Talk about a swell treat... lust sink yeur teeth into smooth DOUBLEMiNT GUM noUBlMOT GUM. Velvety-smooth, i«n DOUBI^MINI^ Chewing daily adds inn to spoits. DOUBtEMlNT J sessions, informal poOTmffltr everyday.
Work to transform the appearance of the Fieldhouse for the Big Ten Indoor Championships is well under way. A large crew of workmen stated to remove the portable basketball floor immediately after the hardwood flnale with Northwestern Monday night. All equipment for other sports, such as baseball batting cages, tennis courts and basketball bleachers will be removed by
Friday evening.
Emphasis of the carnival effect will give an exceptional amount of color to the Big Ten Indoor Track and Field Championships, held in the Fieldhouse Friday and Saturday evenings for the first time in history. The preliminaries are scheduled to take up Friday night, with Saturday night settling the final outcome. This thirty-first renewal of the games is' only the fifth time in 30 year§ that the Chicago area has not been the site.
Phillips Responsible
Portentious plans layed by Coach Hermon Phillips make the affair the greatest of its kind ever held in this state. It compares with the ICAAAA, held annually in the East and the Cotton Carnival, which takes place every year in Memphis, Tenn. In color, attractiveness and rapidity of movement it need only bow to the Olympic Games. Those who do not frequent the Fieldhouse very often will be surprised to see the huge arena turned into an indoor carnival showplace. The basketball floor, of course, will
be removed and the hurdles %nd dashes will be run diagonally across the floor, flanked by pits for shot put, broad jump, high jump and pole Vault. '• Queen Ann Ann Ostrander, with her court of Roberta Glezen, Vivian Peterson, . Sylvia Pittman and Barbara Hyman, will occupy the victory platform and award a medal to the winner of each event. A public address system has been set up to permit spectators to follow the proceedings. Acting as honorary referee. President E. C. Elliott will be present to enliven the occasion. Major John L. Griffith, Big Ten Commissioner, is a member of the games committee along with Athletic Director Mai Elward. A stirring solo rendition of the National Anthem will be given by Bob Stanley, following the opening fanfare which will be blown by four trumpeters. Bob is one of the best middle distance and distance runners on the Phillips’-coached machine and has a splendid singing vofce. He will stand alone in the center of the arena, dressed in hi^ track suit, while a spot light plays upon him. Decorations fe Most impressive of the decorations is an American flag-, 40 feet in length, which will be raised to the rafters of the Fieldhouse as Stanley sings “The Star Spangled Banner.’’ Banners and pennants of all Western Conference schools will be suspended from the balconies. BunBhg and paper streamers extending from the top center of the Fieldhouse to the farthermost side extremities should lend an appearance of compactness to the general atmosphere. Bright Maroon sawdust will cover the floor and in contrast to the white lines will resemble a carpet.
The UNION CAFETERIA Only the best ’selection of foods are chosen. The Cafeteria is proud of the high quality foods bought ... So the Cafeteria patrons reap the benefits of good food for /ess. J/UL WjuvumoJL UnwfL The Comer of the Campm— Yet the Center of Aetivkha
An
lltesiiRs
By Joseph Patrick Dolan This evening, quite a few persons, lovers of everything that goes with the game of basketball, will gather in the Union Ballroom to pay homage to this season’s squad of that game and especially to four grand fellows who will never more throw a leather sphere through a lot of holes tied together by strings. —I-I— The majority of "us know of Bob Igney’s brilliant performance during the past three season’s, of Red Swartz’s great sharpshooting during his sophomore season, and of Big Jake Weber’s tough luck at the start of his junior year after a colorful sophomore season. But there are few of us who know anything if little about the real player’s player of the senior group. He’s John Paul Pauline. —I-I— Pauline's the guy who, like the batting practice pitcher in baseball, gives all he’s got for the im-
provement of the squad of **Saist, team” men, gets Uttle teeogttitikia from the press, and above idl sticks to the job until it’s finished. —I-I— I well remeiflber Paul daring Ids freshman season. HjC was a Iflg 6-B lad from Garfield High of Terre Haute. He’s a little bigger now, and weighs something like 208. This huge frame has been used for three seasons as opposition, and real opposition Paul has been in practice. —I-I— I’ve seen, Pauline and his scrubs defeat the varsity just as much as the varsity has defeated them during this season’s practice sessions. I well remember an >80 to 60 walloping the second team, led by Pauline, administered the varsity two nights before the Indiana game that was played here. -1-1— Pauline stuck to his guns, and although not mentioned in ..the Iowa game story, was the real reason why Purdue d^eated Iowa in the overtime out there this month. Paul was sent into the overtime to get the ball, and that’s just what Paul did. Lambert knew he could trust the big dark-haired youth, because the little maestro had seen big Paul take balls off the backboard in practice against the “first team’s” best efforts. It’s the guy like that you admire, because he plays for the love of competition—^material reward for his type is small.
FREE LECTURE CHRISTIAN SCIENCE By Dr. Hendrick J, DeLange, C.,^S. B. of New York A member of the Board of Lectureship of the Mother Church, the First Church of Christ, Scientist in Boston, Massachusetts. to Be Given in ROOMS 355^63 PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION BLDG. THURSDAY, MARCH 6 7:45 P.M.
When problems get knotty...pause and
Take a minute to relax, and thing* go smoother. Ice-cold Coca-Gola odd* Irefteshment to relaxation. Its delightful, wholesome tost^ hos the charm of purity. So when you pause throughoutthe day, moke It fhepouso Iftcd relMeswithteo-coldCoco-Golh. T^STi ITS SUALITY Boideduato Mdwdo «ITI» Coc».Cob COCA COLA BOmiNG ^MPANY" (I ’ ■, 'i./' V ^ . . " " ^ '-"' V> ’ 'i.r^ ' > “' /
Sri y^,r- .. V i J
iSi -4k
fiaga^VbaoA
Wednesday* March 5* 1941
fijgjldujL SxponaM,
Distillers Will Talk ToAIChE Tonight George Pohler and J. W. Willkie of J. E. Seagram and Sons, Louisville, Ky., will speak this evening at ^he AIChE meeting. The meeting will be held at 7:30 o’clock in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering building. Low temperature distillation, a new concept in the distilled beverage industry, ^vill be the subject of I the lecture. This process is based upon the fact that normal boiling temperatures cause a marked deterioration in the product. Pohler, assisted by Willkie, a brother of the defeated presidential candidate, will describe the operation, design and selection of the equipment for the new process.' Tryouls For Varsity Show Set For Friday, Saturday Talent scouts for this year’s Varsity Show, George Ade’s well-known comedy “The College Widow,” will observe University talent in action beginning Friday‘at 4 o’clock in room 363 and the Tower Room of the Union.
Workers In Industry To Train For Defense A second opportunity for industrial workers in the Calumet region to enroll for engineering training of particular value in defense mdus7 tries will be provided at an organization meeting which will be held tonight in the main auditorium of Horace Mann High School in Gary. Prof. C. W. Beese, head of the general engineering department and a member of the state committee in charge of the work, said last night. Eight Courses At the first organization meeting February 21, nearly 200 attended aitll expressed an interest in obtaining the engineering training on a college level which is provided by the eight different courses to be offered. The courses are as follows: elementary metallurgy; metallurgy of welding, properties and applications of engineering alloys, physical metallurgy and metallography of iron and steel, open hearth process of metallurgy, and testing of materials. Apply Now Workers interested in the courses can obtain application blanks from
ATO Will Hold State Day At Indianapolis Saturday Alpha Tau Omega will hold its annual “State” dinner and dance in the Riley Room of the Claypool Hotel in Indianapolis on Saturday. The affair is being sponsored by the five chapters in Province XVII of the fraternity. These chapters are located at Indiana University, University of Illinois, DePauw University, Rose Polytechnic Institute, and at this University.
personnel offices of local industries or from C. E. Chapman of the Inland Steel company. It was emphasized by Professor Beese that tonight’s meeting is only for those who were unable to attend the initial session and that those who attended the first meeting are not expected tonight. It is hoped that actual instruction in the various courses will be started the week of March 10, with classes to be held in the evenings from 7:30 to 9 o’clock at places to be designated later, e.m.s.
Paul Reedy To Play For Big Ten Mixer Saturday night’s mixer will be presented in honor* of the Big Ten Track Meet, and will feature the solid rhythm of Paul Reedy and his campus orchestra. Ann Ostrander, who was selected last week to reign as Beauty Queen at the meet, will be present, accompanied by the members of her court, and the winners in the various track events will also make an appearance. The dance will be held in one ' ballroom of the Union and the regular Mixer price of $1.00 will prevail, l.m.s.
Notices
Removal of Conditions in English and Speech: Examinations will be held in room 101 of the Education building Saturday, March 16, at 1 p. m. —CREIEK.
Ail Co-«ds: Those wanting YWCA cabinet positions for next year should send petitions to Miss Bryant or Miss Coolidga before March 19. . —BRYANT.
Iowa State college holds the national dairy products judging championship ior the second year.
Review Classes in English: The following classes will be held: Grammar, week of February 17; Punctuation, week of February 24; Spelling, week of March 3. They will all be given in room 111 of University Hail at 6 p. m. —CREEK.
Students With C or I grades: Examinations for the yeinoval of C or I grades in History, Government or Economies will be given Saturday, March 8, at 1 p. m. in room 318 of the Recitation building. Applications should be made before Friday, March 7 in the general office in the Recitation Building. —ESTEY.
Kappa Delta Pi: An open meeting scheduled for Wednesday, March 5, in room 201 of the Education Building at 8 p. m. All junior and senior education students are urged to attend to hear Dr. Davis discuss teaphers and their jobs. —NORQUIST.
ME 30 C’s and I's: A make-up final for C and I grades received in any division of ME 30 last semester will be given Saturday, March 16, at 1:00 p. m. in room ME 118. Students planning to take the examination please notify me before noon on March 16. —CORE.
SAFETIHEEL insures against breaks and runs in the heel corner. Foot is streamlined, has form-fitting instep and ' slenderizing heel. No loose threads anywhere. SOLE REINFORCEMENT is designed^ for maximum protection. Attractive in any type shoe, it is especially good in open-work shoes. SINGLE UNIT full fashioned knit, no streaks across the instep, flawlessly uniform from top to toe. 70c p' 2 prs. for $1.50 THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St. Lafayette, Ind.
ClareCooUdge . . . assistant Dean of Women, will speak at the S. C. A. educational meeting this evening at 7:80 in room 231 of the Union. “Social Progfram for Student Co-opera-tives” will be the subject of Miss Coolidge’s talk which /will be followed by student speakers, Amy Meyers and Herman Drabenstott. Following the talks there will be a short discussion period. ' ' V Removal of Conditions in GE 11 and GE 12: Examinations will be held in room 201, Michael Golden shops on Wednesday, March 12, at 6 p. m. —RISING.
CE 41 Students With C Or I Grades: Makeup examination will be held on March 16, room 1Z6, Heavilon Hall. Permission to take the exam must be obtained from me before ^rch 12. —GRBVE.
All T & I E Students: Iota Lambda Sigma, T & I E scholastic honorary, is spo^ soring a dinner meeting of all T & I E students at 6 p. m. Tuesday, March 12, in room 236 of the Union. Purchase tickets in room 209 of the Eduehtion building before Saturday. —FITZSIMMONS.
WAA: The following badminton matches must be played off on or before Thursday, March 6; Julian-Basham, Hudson-Darraw, Braokman-Schakel, McKee-Radetatorf, Bla-grave-Keifner, Ford-Harrteon, RichmondRemtok, Wd^ver - Albertson, OampbellHouston. —THOMAS. •
Surveying (CE 6): Examination for removal of C and I grades will be held in room 101, CE building on Saturday afternoon, March 16. Students interested may obtain permits in room 102. —LOMMEL.
All Men: Interested in all-cMnpus ping pong please sign up immediately on entry sheet posted on bulletin board outside Intramural office. —MARY.
WSSF: All workers 1 Get workers' info sheets—^full data on campaign—from WSSF office, room 68 Union, at once, verbatum. —BELCHER.
Independent Staff: Very important meeting Wednesday, March 6, at 7 il6 p. m, in PIA office. Everyone be there promptly. —SELKOWITZ.
PIA Dance Classes: Advanced class meets Thursday, March 6. Beginners, Wednesday, March 6. —HUMPHREY.
Glider Club: Debris picture will be taken in work room Thursday, March 6, at 6 p. m. , —KANE.
Students and Faculty: Subscribers who have not received their winter copy of Scrivener drop a card to the office in the Union at once. —ALEXANDER.
All Freshmen: Freshmen activity call-outs are still open. Report any afternoon after 4 p. m to Jim Walley —WALLEY.
Modern Dance Club: No rehearsal Tuesday evening. Rehearsals on Wednesday, March 6, at 4 p. m.; Thursday, March 6, at 7 p. m., Friday, March 7, at 7 p. m Beginners may come —SWOPE.
GE 16: Descriptive Geometry make-up examination for removal of “C” and "I” grades will be held Saturday, March 16, 1 to 4 p. m. in room 808, Civil Engineering Building. Arrangements must be made by March 14. —ELROD.
APhA: Meeting Thursday, March JS, at 4 p. m. in the Pharmacy Building. -YODER
SCA Educational Meeting: Meeting for all co-op students will be held Wednesday. March 5, at 7:30 p m. in room 281 of Union. —LUMPKIN.
All Students: Who desire to cancel courses without a grade must do so before Saturday noon, March 16. Cancellation cards can be obtained from heads of departments and must be signed by the head of the school and head of the department of the course. The cards must be filed in the registrar’s office —FISHER.
Flying Club: Meeting at 7 p m Wednesday, March 5, in room 263 of Union —GREVE
All Girl Students: Practices for interclass basketball starts this week, tomorrow, Friday and next Monday. Freshmen and sophomores practice at 4 p. m and junioys and seniors practice at 4:46 p. m. —FISHLBIGH.
AIChE Meeting: Open meeting Wednesday, March 5, in BE 129. George M. Pohler will speak on “Development of Low 'Temperature Distillation Eauipment.” The new issue of AIChE Bulletin will also be die-) tributed. —MASSEY.
Horticulture Society: Meeting will be held Wednesday, March 5 at 7 :30 in room 117 of the Horticulture Building. All members be present
AWS Executive Board: Regular meeting March 6 at 7 '30 p. m. in the AWS office. —ZWIERLEIN.
Debris Business Staff: Sophomores and freshmen meet Thursday, 4 p. m Bring sales books and money to check in. You must be there. —LANCET.
WAA: Submit your bowling scores for class bowling teams at desk in bowling alleys. (3-10) —WALKER.
Forensic: Very important meeting Thursday, March 6, at 4 p. m , in room 301 of University Hall —HULTGREN.
Students With C Or I In Mathematics: Examinations for removal of C or I grades in mathematics will be held in the Recitation Building Saturday, March 8, at 1 p. m. Exam permits should be obtained from your instructor by Thursday, March 6. —SMITH.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
, • Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 41tt » Main Sta. Phona 5710
DEACS Everything for a College Education
• JHardwara
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 AAain St. Phone 2777
• Locksmith
Complete Line of Greeting Cards Uniyereity Book Storo M. C. "Red"' Safflmona '29 R.W."Doc"Eppla'40
Keys and Locks Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latmes and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessorl^ and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 M. 5th St. Phoew 2828
• Dairy Products M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
You Could Write Our Advertising If You Could See OUR Values PURDUE 5 and 10 Across from Postoffice
I V
Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting Thursday, March 6, at 7 :30 p. m. in the Union. —HOLCOMB.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting Thursday, March 6, at 7:80 p. m. Discussion on “The Three Musts” of John, Chapter 3. —LONG.
Reamers: Smoker in Faculty Lounge of Union, Monday, March 10, at 7:80 p. m. We vote on members Everyone be there. —BOHLIN.
NYA Workers: Checks for period ending February 16 are now available at Cashier’s office in Eexecutive building. —HOLLENSBE. Gimlet Club: Big Ten track meet decorations in Fieldhouse must be put up by Thursday night. All possible help anytime Wednesday and Thursday afternoons will be appreciated. —OGDEN.
Pi Tau Sigma: Student-faculty bowling in Union alleys at 7 p. m. Thursday, March 6. All members report regardless of averages as several teams will be formed —WIST.
Classified Ads
FOB SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $20.75 to $69.69. Office supplies. Mimeograph and mnltigraph work. C. F. Eberahoff, 605 Main St. Phone. 2779. For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Can for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone 2407.