'-M
I ,jito4i.'</j'(.•:«&*« i'A
^-'1-
Volume 53# Mo* S6
Weiit Ldcfayett^i^r Indiana
Wednfesdcfy* 1941
rrU's r..''- ‘-v '■?
Senste Registering ||f|ie^ Sfa^ents jFoc Part- Uijij I/me Tutoring Now
Presentation to .the University of the Golors of Battery B of the Indiana National Guard climaxed the Armistice Da;^ cefemohies in the Great Hall, of the Union yesterday morriing.r ; .y The ceremonies, in charge of the University military department, POMM and Scabbard and Blade, opened with the firing of a 2i-gun salute and the ro'wefing of' the Aniericah-flag oh the Oval to halfhiast. Cadet'oificei'Sj Cbinprising a guard of honor, placed a wreath on the University Roll of Honor dn the Uhiph and the names of the honorpd, dead Tyere read by Roscoe Star'eky^ Student Unic|n pr‘esident.< . Martin Presents Colors■ v • . t Dr., i. 'iiohnes Martin, now head of; the' University, poultry; departihent, who was a sergeant in Batfei’y B, presented the colors-to the Uniyersityi Dr. Martin traced thev history of ■'the battery' which was sworn into the’‘National Gdard On Nov. 14, •19i'4, mustered into federal'services on June 23, 1916y‘ and which 'Saw -service On the Mexican border in 1916.• The unit, composed of stafiF mehibers and students, was the pi’edeeessor to the University’s present field artillery unit. Hockema Receives Golors ‘ When accepting the cOioi^, Which have been ;placed ■ in a display case in the Union', Prof. Prank C. Hockema,assistant; to ' the - president,' said, '“This flag will be a constant^ remindei’'to the thma^nds who visit the University' tmt^'^pUrdU’e; men and women aiv^i^m'ver read^ and determined to put ■ forth every power and effort within them to restore permanent tpeace to thisi strife-torn world.” , • Albjerg Urges Common Ufforts : Prof. V. L. Albjerg, of the history, economics and government departmenty delivered the principal address of the occasion on “Night-' mai-es of the Unknown Soldier.” Albjerg said, “The unknown soldierkeenly shares our regret that the last war did not end all wars, but he sternly condemns'all those, who,becaUse of their disappointment,' would barter a noble heritage for a' worthless promise of immunity from attack. . . . Another disturbing element to the unknown soldier is the lack of national unity which' prevails. ... It is high time that we as a nation quit quarreling, and fuse our efforts in common defense, lest we too' be an easy victim of an unscrupulous ^aggression.” p.g.h. f j .• Gold Peppers Hold Dinner / Meeting At Chi 0 House
Student Senate announced yesterday that: again this year it will register students who wish to do part-time tutoring/or typing. Registering is to be held in the Union Senate Office and must close by Friday. Only registered students will be listed by ^the agency for tutoring or typing.'Anybody vtill be permitted to make use of its services> however. Students who desire to tutbr must have' a- Written statement from the head of; the- school or department in which the subject is taught, qualifying them as tutors. Same Each, Year - - : . ' 'Sponsored each yeUr by the 'Sen-, ate, ’the tutoring system offers delinquent students': the Chkhce to Ubtain reliable tutors ■ and student tutors the' Opportunity' to find' 'Customersv 'The Senate merely gets as a clearing houS^e, leaving all monetary and appointment matters to the tutor and student-. Prices for the 'instruction and- typing are standardized by the University to prevent, unusually high or low charges. Bates ■' ■ Rates for this year have been set at 60 cents per hour for tutoring and four cents per double spaced page for typing. Single spaced pages will cost eight cents per page, and tabulated pages will be typed at ten cents each, s.l.w. Fineman Will Speak To Hillel Foundation Tomorrow Evening Tomorrow' evening at 8 p. m. in the assembly hall of the University Presbyterian Church, Prof. Irving Fineman will address a meeting of the Hillel Foundation. This is the first of a series of open forum lectures planned, by the Foundation. Professor Fineman is of Behnington College, Bennington, Vermont. He is known for his outstanding novels, one of which is .“This Pure Young Man.” Besides writing novels, he is a regular contributor to literary periodicals and a scenario writer for movie produc-
tions.
Having- graduated from IVf. I. T. and Harvard university, he served as engineer in designing and constructing building's, . bridges and subways in the U. S. and Canada. Later he accepted a position on the faculty of Bennington College in the division of literature. The subject of his lecture tomorrow evening will be “Why Read?—Why Write?” Those wishing to attend the lecture may purchase their tickets from Maurice Udes, president of Hillel Student Cpvincil. p.s. ■ ,
By D. E. Glass “^Wing asi it shoul'd be sWting” Will-be fe9>tured by Bobby Byrne’s orchestral at the annual Debris Beauty Contest to be Reid Saturday, Nov. 29, in the Music Hall. New Orchestra Byrne’s orcKestra, which was organized in 4939, has had one of the .most rapid 'climbs to fame that has bee'en khoWh in the music World. One of the principal reasons for the success of the band is , the library of
To Address Ireshmen
LptrAianti, MHhi'f Coaches^ Al Siewart And ($he Club Will Appear On Program
A new interpreliati'on of the famous balcony seCiie with ‘^Doc” li^iller, Lon Maim, Mai Elward, arid/Joe .Boland iii the leading roles will highlight the pre-Wiscorisin game pep ses-
SeCond in this year’s series of freshman forums will be held next
Monday in the east faculty lounge ,. i, 1 j . - -1.4. ^ r-i, tt • r-rric of the Union. The meeting, which tomorrow might outside the Union at 7 :tp. . will introduce campus publication . With Spotlights and loudspeakers to play up the performactivity work to freshmen, is sched- ance, Al Stewart and the University Glee Club will appear
uled to start at 4 p. m..
Editors
Lee RiiffnCr, managing editor of the Exponent, will introduce his-pa-per to the audience. The Independent, published bi-weekly by the FIA, will be represented by Irving Smulewitz, co-editor. Work on the Debris will be explained by Bob
Adams, and work on Clarion, Cary Dick DeGarmo, head cheer leader.
on the high balcony above the — :■ Union entrance, with the » speakers and team On the bal- Mdrtlll AllhOUilCGS coriy below. - - ' /
The band will assemble near the lo-Wer balcony to provide background'for organized singing and cheers to be led by Stewart and
Bobby Byrne
Tomorrow - evening' at 6 o’clock the Gold'Peppers will hold a dinner
meeting ih the Chi Omega house. *In A nn
the'i-iegular meeting following the l\. BrOdOWatOr
dinner, the girls will discuss conferences to be held next semester for senior women. Dean Stratton has beeh' invited to attend. ’ ' Any inember Who is unable to attend the meeting should call Ruth Rose at 6067: this evening, p.s.
. . . Sci;' ’39, has completed the second requirement of his flying in■struction at Goodfellow Field, basic flying school at San Angelo, Texas. He has been ordered to Kelly Field,
Texas.
Don Redman arrangements which is being added to constantly by Don hiniself. Featured vocalists with the band are Dorothy Claire and Jimmy
Pahner! ,
Lessons At Two Bobby Byrne received his first music lessons at the age of two when his iPother started teaching him to play the piano. He later played a number of other instruments, but finally settled do-vvn to
the trombone.
At thd tender age of 17, Bobby got his 'fi'rkji'ifdpportunity to show his ability wRen he got a job as featured trombonist with Jimmy Dorsey’s orchestra. He left Jimmy in 1939-and formed''liis own band that made itself famous at the Glen Island Casino. Ho has subsequently beeen featured at Frank Daly’s Meadowbi'ook, the Roosevelt Hotel in NeW Orleans, and other famous ballrooms throughout the country. Any coed with the exception of former Debris queens may enter. There is no limitation on the number of contestants entered from any one organization. H. L. Wampner To Speak For Phi Lambda Upsilon Phi Lambda Upsilon, chemical honorary, will have H. L- Wampner as their speaker tomorrow; at 7:30 p. m. in room 106. of the. Chemistry Building. He is in charge of reseai'ch on consumer goods, for-the Commercial Solvents Corporation. Wanipnei'’s talk concerns “Emulsions” and will include the theory and applications of various emulsifying agents such as the nitro-par-affin derivatives. The public is in-
vited. e.h.a.
Hall publication, Purdue Engineer, Agriculturist, Pharmacist and other publications Will be discussed by
Tom Mullett.
Placement Talks
Mann, with the/ purple shirt that gained fame at the' Boilermakers’
Chess Team Will Hold
In Union Game Room Ch'dss team is holding a callout tonight at 7:30 ih the game room of the Union. Any Student,' graduate student, or faculty member interested in the game is invited to attend. Dr. F- D. Martin, faculty advisor"'fo'r the team, has announced that due to the loss of two of last year’s members, places are open on the regular competing team. At the nieetirig, the team of five .members which will play the Indiana team
will be chosen.
The next match in which the chess team will participate will be held at Bloomington the day of tlie annual clash between the Boiler-
/.. ■
First commercial fellowship
final home game, has been invited poultry genetics and one-of the first makers and the Indiana. football to present his comments along with animal breeding fellowships in the teams, "rhe match was won by the his buddy from the Student Health Country has beeen established at the University team last year, and tne
First meeting in the series was Service to complete plans for mak- University Agricultural Experi- trophy awarded to the winner of held last Monday. After talks by ing tomorrow’s meeting entirely ment Station by Mrs. Pdul G. Riley contest now reposes in the
heads of the University placement different from its predecessors, of Lafayette. The fellowship in ^nme room of the Union.
services> the audience of 150 stu- The pep session season will reach poultry ^netics was established in Coincidence has established the dents held a round table discussion its climax next Tuesday before the hbfidr 6f Mi’S- Riley’s late husband fact that the school wFich wins the on the value of activities. Indiana game. who was a former graduate and chess match is destined to lose the
All freshmen, especially indepien- The team will board a Madison- staff member, it was-announced yes- football game, w.g.h. dent students', are urged to attend bound train Friday at 5:48 p. m. terday by Dr. J. Holmes Martin, ' this and the other two forums that to meet 'Wisconsin’s Badgers Sat- head: of the poulti'y department. K/#3iiA
are scheduled for Dec! 1 and 16. s.w. urday afternoon, w.e.r. In Class Of’17 . ' / f ”v?VF F/rCrOfllwIll CstfLi
. ■ Ril'cy was one of the outstanding Trk Ari/rUr-racc t X ^ alumni of the University, gradUat- MOfYU: I OMOareSS r ing in ’17, and had made a record k ^
as a ijoultry bleeder that 'won na- ^:fliCf0iTf CS v/H
^ i - ? — - , tional recognition for him. At the ■
Oklahoma contest in 1949-41 he es- New president-elect
of ASME,
tabiished a new world’s record With James W. Parker of Detroit, will
By D. E. Brewer his pen of White Plymouth Rocks. Visit the University Friday, it vvas
A prominent dra-wing card in the third annual Aquacade, Appointment Made
announced by Prof. H. A. Bolz, ME
to be held November 28-29 in the Fieldhouse tank, -will be the First appointment of the fellow- and°a mImter^of\°he°ScuH^^^^^^^ diving exhibitions by Coach Dick Papenguth’s high and low ship was made to Eugene S. Me- J^jittec of the Central Indiana secboard diving artists on the Boilermaker swimming team, Connell, graduate of the University _^gME. Parker will succeed
of Georgia, who received an M.S. wipiam A. Hanley, ’ll, as president
degree from that institution earlier of this Crganization. this year. Hq is now engaged in a Address ASME
genetic analysis of the poultry At ll o’clock- Friday morning breeding program being carried on porker will address the student at the Riley Poultry farm near here, of ASME on “Attack on Beand is working for his Ph.D. degree wilderment.’’ He will- be the guest
Entries
along with other national talent Featuring spring board artists who top country divers, the water carnival will give spectators a bigger diving show than ever before, with fancy, difficult, and comedy numbers being the order of the
program.
High Board Dives Freshman Murray Hubley, national YMCA diving champion, and one of the most prominent divers in the country, will' thrill the Aquacade audience with the most difficult dives invented for the high board, and Johnny Juengst, varsity diver, will do several diving fea-
tures.
Many comedy diving exhibitions will be added here and there, with Johnny O'wen, varsity back'-stroker, and Joe Williamson, breast-stroke artist, going out of their fields to try their skill on the board. Juengst will also do comedy dives. Other divers from Papenguth’s swimming team will be Herman Bauer, varsity diver and former state high school diving champ, Jim Holderman, . 4CQnt;inueti;'Qrilpag;e.-J>j.,,^ ^
A.
Gives'RUR'Tomorrow Laboratory group of Playshop ■\vill present RUR (Rossum’s Universal Robots), free of charge for the g-eneral public, tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. and Saturday at 8 p. m.' “RUR” is an unrealistic play with an unnatural set and symbolic lighting. The settihg, designed for laboratory theatre by S. M. Marks,' is built on different levels, with columns and black drapes offering a
sharp contrast.
The play is being produced by students under faculty supervision. Samuel Marks is faculty director of the lab. group, and Jo Stong is stu-"
dent director, c.n.
in poultry genetics, w.g.h- of honor at a luncheon in the old
Chestnut Room of the Union at 12, and in the evening is scheduled to address the Centi-al Indiana section of ASME in Indianapolis oh the topic, “ASME CdnfrOnts a Fork in
the Road.”
Native Of Adburh
Livestock and Poultry Breeders Auburn, N. School will convene on the campus graduated from Cornell tomorrow, Friday and Saturday, in 1908. FoliGwing h^
Meet Here Tomorrow
The general aim of the school is to study intensively the scientific ba-
sis of animal breeding.
Tomorrow the school will hold a
graduation, he Worked for a time with the Vincennes Street Railway Compkny at Vincennes, In 1910 he moved to Detroit where he was ein-
By Dale Butz ’filings are humming around the University farm as herdsmen, workers and students begin to put the finishing touches on the cattle; hogs and sheep which will repre-' sent the University at the International Livestock Exposition to be heldj in Chicago during the first week in December. Although the actual preparation" for the show began months ago when the animals were selected and started on feed, there are many' things to be done immediately before the show which add greatly to the appearance of the animals. Ten Fat Steers Beef cattle herdsmen. Gillie Stewart and his helpers, have been spending ifiuch time on the'ten fat steers "which will be shown next month. This group of ten will be made up of four herefords, three shorthorns, two angus and, last but not least, one shorthorn-angus crossbred which is expected to carry the brunt of the University’s' . hopes in the stiff competitition of' the show. These steers have been curried, brushed, washed,, trimmed
and' curled in preparation for thg- this year promises to be-no excepshow. tion. '
Five h'ampshires, four south-' downs, two Shropshire and four crossbred weathers will make up the sheep exhibit. These sheep have had careful training in just how to stand and their wool has received more attention than the hair of the average person. The wool has been cut, combed and brushed until the sheep have assu'ni^^the desired blocky appearance. ^Scotty” Scofield is the sheep herder and he is a busy man as he .gets his exhibits ready for the big" show. Hog Exhibit Largest Largest of the animal exhibits will be in the hog entry where over forty fat barrows will be shown. Of these fat hogs, the Chester white; duroc-pei'sey, poland china and berkshire breeds will be represented by nine hogs from each breed.Six hogs will make up the Hampshire breed’s representation. , Clifford Breeden, the hog herdsman, has been very successful in recent years with ’"his hog showing and
Work of the herdsiheiv 'is- viiry much like that of an athletic cOac'W in that they put tliei'r hedrts i'ht'd their work. It is not'an uh'c'd'ihmdn' occurrence to see theht dowrl besid'6' a winning Or losing animal with tiars of joy or sorrow in their eyesr Many Prizes Won ■ - Apparently, howe-ver, thesF' ef-' forts are not all spent in 'V’ain as’ the University has won six barro-vv grand-champion ribbons,'four wetlp er championships and lour championships in the steer classes at the International. Besides these maziy other first places and prizes have been won. Animal husbandry department invites all'interested in seeing the livestock exhibit to come out to the judging pavilion next Tuesday night, November 18, and witness the “Little International.” This show is a preview of the stock which will represent the University in the Intei'national Livestock
show.
Dale KhouSe, chief engineer of the' Airimihuni 'Com'paiiy 'of Aiiieri■vy'ill dddress the' AIEE at 7:30
Formal Pledging Today Formal pledging of the fall pledges of Scabbard and Blade, military honorary, -vyill take place this afternoon at 4:15 in room^'355 of the Union! Cadet Lt. Col. William L.'S'd'lii'van, rirdsident of the orgauization, has announced that all members 'should be present in uAifofm, since a practice of the formal
Entomology Alumni
banquet in room 332 of, the Union ploydd'as bdilei-room engineer with at 6:30 p! m. at which an'address the Detrbit Edison Company. He by Col. E. N. Wentworth 'will be ^35 remained with that company, given. The subject of; his address is ever since, rising to the position of “Applied Genetics Can Yield Divi- vice-president and chief engineer, dends to the Practical Breeder,” which post be holds today. v/.g.h»
Served In World War
Colonel Wentworth, prbseht director of Armour’s Livestock Bu-,
reau, Chicago, and president of Iowa i> *, I !L State College Research Foundation,' fT^V© Y aTlOUS JOOS has serVed-as professor of animal ■ ' husbandry in Iowa ahd Kansas R. Knapp, Zionsville, Ag Siiate Colleges and as lecturer at enhsted m the Medical the University of Chicago. In addi- the Great Lakes Train mg
tion to holding several military posts from field artillery Captain in.
the first World War to colonel at ^ ‘ the present time, Wentworth is au- F^nekson, Ag 42, are now em-
tdnight in rb'ohr 264 of the Electri-. announcement ceremony for the thor of several books oft livestbck
cal Erig'iheering’bftildiftg. A genCtal pledges 'will also be carried oftt. production.
discussion with question's from the This ceremony will take place at Tickets for the banquet may be
. group 'will'be held hfter the talk.' Knouse' Will "speak oh the ' growing power requirem'Cftts of American 'alu'minuift companies. He ' will uSe' the local Alumiilum Company plant as ah exalnple of the expanding industry. The local factory is now one of the largest extrusion plants in the; country.'p.g.hv/ . '
the military ball at 11:30 Friday obtained from either the animal night; husbandry or poultry husbandry ofFbrty pledges will be inducted,- flees. The price is, 75c and. all inhaving been chosen On the basis of terested students are invited, g.s.
relative ranks and military ability. During the five-week pledge period, these pledges will be required to
carry small wooden cutlasses with • 1A -i , :. , T 1 , • • . social iratermty, announces red tips and^ the letters V Lambda, following officers:
Delta Upsilon
the local chapter name. In addi-
, tion,
with on f
they must wear red sashes
Dr. Knight WiU Address Parent Group In Chicago
Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the divi-
sion of education aiid applied psy-
chology, will be th'e principal speak- Robert A, Beck
er at a meeting of the Purdue Dads and Mothers Association in Chicago Friday night. Mrs. Everett Porter of Oak Pai'k, president of the asso-
ciation, will preside, d.e.g.
William Caple, ptesident; Thonids
tions by the United Fruit Company with headquarters in Honduras, Central America. They were employed in June, 1941, but Fredrickson intends to complete his University training. Both studied Spanish for one year in the University ami report that they speak the language
perfectly, g.w.s.
Rain Caitses Post-ponement Of Annual Plowing Meet Annftail state-plowing contest that
... , , . , , . ,, Keefer, vice-president; Jhmes
1 V Lambda painted m yellow mu , ■ A. -o x A 1 .. h'ont m ■ 1 Thomas, recording secretary; Dan was to be held Hear Monroev'-m ■ McKuuian, corresponding secretary; Adams County, last Thursday, wits
Robert Michels, alumni secretary, indefinitely postponed because of Senior board members elected were edritinuing'"Wet weather. When the Robert Henderson and Charles contest is held this Univeisity will
. , . ME ’43, started Army avia- Barr; junior board mdmbBrSi F. be represented fay fotu' members of
tion cadet primary pilot training William Barnes and Robert Seebur- the Agricultural Extension DepartNov. 8 at Coleman Flying School, ger; sophomore board member, meftt, hdaded by Professor L. M.
Coleman, Texas. James Barr. Bushev, e.w.■
MERRY-40'
I!?" Drew Pearson p.Mfl Robert S. Allen
F fji
Gt;a.! Hiin . 'Wh,
Trsnsferred Coast' cl To Navy To Help !■ Ges^raian Smuggler hi!;;r;oi), Nov, 11—There is sitiii.ffgler operating: in ii.>heii.n otV ihe coast of Mex■>.•.'1,' Llu' inside I'eason for the sudden transfer of the. Guard lo the Navy-^ Crnai'dG ships and planes ■ded loirack down the Nazi
fcatnre about the
, i; lliat she is a former-vcs-e.l vile 800-ton Diesel:.U'.cht.‘that once belonged f.'hater Kent, Philadelphia V ]ileasure ship now , 'sv.'urated under the Pana■'r.c' out of Vera Cruz, Mex■iazi agents in that city, i;- ; : used to transport high ; and mercury, to small han islands where Japanese .• Ihrt tlie smuggled stra- ■ .'eat recently unloaded 1,- ’ til rncrcury at an island r-.'-T military reasons must lofr'ier luxury craft came u';; session, of the Nazis by d.iv'iis route which Intellie exprris uncovered only a ■ si;;: ago. The purchase was i>->' a .shipping company fisair. oOicc is in Vera Cruz has a branch ofnee in New , where transfer of title iila'ce. The price wa.s $18,•„e]y for Intelligence, the .1 made in U. S. bills of t:ssmination. From the serial ; s tile bills were,traced back hi Cruz hank. There it was ; v’-ie ivioiiey had been witbj ; liTi the account of the Cr/.i bii.siness house, in . and turned over to the r cpiiipaiiy that bought the
Nasi Owners , , '
; investigation reveal,a,ii, the stqckholders of this 1’- were Germans; also that ■ t.'.i'p officers were Spaniards, I'lturalized Mexican and the ,: nalvtralized American eiU . ev'ery movement of the j,'i watched, but there is i,he United States can do ,the ship unless she enters ■art waters. So far the vessel .11 v(ir}r careful to stay with'.ican territorial waters. -ue tk S. authorities lined the Nazi ownership of • a..ht a.ud the nature of its .itioiia, however, it made trips to Cuba, ft also i d K vera! limes at Panama, ctew of the vessel, from the liii down, arc Spaniard.s rcy hrouglit from Spain ex-
for this purpose.
' -Tile yacht, is one of sevwhidi deposed pro-Nazi 'it Arias gave Panamanian rritn Fofific.s Vanishes - I 'uti Democratic Chair-
who i.s always com-
■ Old. Republicans being !;■'! lo new govei-nment .jobs, •:y peoide realize how much noli tics has been forgot-Wu;-Jiington these days. !■ lu'c illustrations g-alore.
Dean H. J. Reed and Associate Dean V. C. Freeman of the School of Agriculture; L. E. Hoffman, acting associate director of extension; Dr. W. V. Lambert, associate director of the Agricultural Experiment Station, and Miss Leila Ga,ddis of the School of Home Economics are in Chicago this week attending the annual meeting of the land grant colleges of America. The group left the University last Sunday and will
retui’n tonight.
Purpose of the meeting is to formulate plans for the land grant col-, leges and to consider their existing problems. Dean Reed addressed the meeting on the subject, “Are Curricular Adjustments Necessary to Meet the Requirements of De-
fense‘l”d.c.b.
but one of the best is the present job of Cyrus McCormick, Republican National Committeeman from New Mexico. Scion of the famous International Harvester family, McCormick is now working hand-in-glove with one of the most ardent and controversial New Dealers in Washington, Price Czar Leon Henderson. McCormick is a full-time memhcj' of Henderson’s staff and recently completed a trip through the industrial midwest, meeting automobile retailei’s and selling them on Henderson’s price-fixing ideas. He made many converts. This is strange medicine for some of the folks back in Santa Fc, New Mexico, where McCormick has a ranch, and where he is such a rampant Republican boss that his wife tells this story on him. In the 19,36 election, Cyrus was campaigning vigorously for Alf Lanclon. Mrs. McCormick didn’t think much of Landon, nor would she vote for Roosevelt. So she finall.V cast her ballot for Norman Thomas. ■ ‘ After the votes were counted election night, the Spanish-Amer-ican poll watchers and tellers came in to report to “Padrone” McCormick. ' “Have you got.’ein all counted?” asked McCormick. “Yes, Padrone,” they replied. “We have all the votes for Roosevelt and all the votes for Landon. But she” (pointing to Mrs. McCormick) “voted for Thomas. Of Course, we didn’t count that.” Lend-Lease Milk Expert The most novel typp of LendLease operation thus far was the lend-leasing of a man' named Adolph. Adolph Eichhorn went over to help the British against Adolf Hitler. The British are suffering from insufficient production of milk, because of diseased cattle, and Bichliorn is the man who knows all the cow cui'es. He is director of, the Animal Disease Station under the Department of Agriculture. Three principal diseases afl’lict British cattle: tuberculosis, which makes the cattle lean; Bang’s disease, which results in the loss of the calf; and mastitis, which causes a hard bag and stringy milk, unfit for food. Eichhorn was obliged to hell the British that tuberculosis, which afflicts 35% of British cattle, cannot be cured during the course of the war, unless the war lasts for another generation. It Look the United States 22 years to get the disease under control. Bang’s disease is more readily cured. By vaccination, a calf can be immunized so that its adult life will not be afflicted with the disease. Meantime, the British are im])oi ting great quantities of dry and powdered milk from the United States. Fresh milk is worth a king’s ransom. : .Note—The cost of Eichhorn’s trip to Britain by plane, and his five weeks’ stay, was charged to the lend-lease account. * (Copyright, 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Education in Georgia blew sky high recently whew Governor Gene Talmadge* self-ap- ‘ pointed dictator of the state, started to meddle politically in the state’s education. Earlier' on the year Talmadge, who acts as chairmah of the State Board of Education, banned from all ^public school libraries books on evolution, adolescence, and* the Negro. However, his latest stroke of political mastery resulted in the University of Georgia being bounced out of the Southern University Conference. Talmadge, who seems to operate on a “We ain’t gonna stand for no ideas of equality” theory, decided that he wanted two members of the faculty, one of them Dean Walter D, Cocking, fired because they had advocated co-education of Negroes and whites. Gene proceeded to pack the Board of Regents with hand-picked political stooges, who would .jump like trained monkeys every time he snapped his suspenders. Talmadge was successful in pulling off his little stunt, and the two faculty members went overboard. Georgia’s education stahdard also went with them because shortly thereafter Georgia was dropped from the Conference without a dissenting vote as a result of the governor’s political interference. Since that time angry Georgia students have burned Gene Talmadge in effigy not
once, but three'times. Later they tfiarched on the Capitol , at Atlanta bearing,] signs denouncing Talmadge and his political meddling With education, but Gene was able to escape 1^0 parts unknown before the mob arrived. That’s what has happened in GGibWa- For the students it means disgrace ; the name of their university has been pulled down into the mud by a political demagogue. Their Board of Regents is filled, with political stooges, whose only desire is to stay aboard Talmadge’s gravy train. Two faculty members who were teaching democracy in education haye been kicked out, and the state’s politics have become so bad that the governor has established himself as dictator of education. He tells the university, the students, and the faculty what they khall teach and believe, and proceeds to stack the faculty full of imbeciles when they fail to follow his instructions. This is a severe blow to' both democracy and education. , The students of the university-are objeej^ing, and it’s their right to fight the man who has shattered their educational freedom. What is happening to. them must be stopped and similar activities must be prevented in other states. There is only one way to deal with men like Gene Talmadge; they must he blasted out of a freedom-loving America.
Entered as secbhd class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the. special' rate of postage provided for in see^' tion 1103, act of October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published' daily except Monday during the regular academia year and weekly du,ring the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier fop $8.69 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
Editor-in-Chief... News Editor Managing Editor.... Cosiness Manager..
...........Med A. .Ochiltree John L. Traugott .........Leland W. Ruffnor ;Don S. Powers
STAFF FOR THIS ISSUE
Night, Editor^ Kieper Day Editor: Boynton
Sports: Keeler Issue: Roqnemorc
Reporters: P. G/Hoffman, W. G. Hoskins, C. Wattleworth, G. W. Starr, Nordeen, E. Ahrens. D. E. Glass, W. E. Rafert, J. Lauer, P. Stenberg. Sports: D. E. Brewer, R. W. DeMars, D. S. Shrycr.
KpEP YOUR HOME NEAT AND ATTRACTIVE WITH ACE PAINTS FIXTURES — HARDWARE John Sperb Hdwe. 822-24 Main St.
WBAA To interview Charles B. Kemmer Charles B. Kominer, Tippecanoe County prosecuting attorney, will be interviewed over WBAA at 12:45 o’clock today in connection with the opening of the national Red Cross Role Call Drive. ' The. first of a series of three Wednesday programs, the interview will illustrate case stories of Red Cross work of general interest to the public. Other programs will include a discussion on volunteer work and the aid that the Red Cross is giving to the Army and Navy in the present national defense program. WBAA’s interviewer of Kemmer today will be Charles Powell. d.e.b.
Today On WBAA
Theta Xi
i . . social fraternity will hold their annual pledge dance Saturday at the chapter house. Music by Irv Given will be played from 9 to 12. Irv Given’s orchestra will feature Theta Xi on their broadcast tonight, dedicating the song “Theta Xi Dream Girl.”
10:00 News 10:10 Curio Man 10:15 Morning Melodies 10:30 WBAA Presents 10:45 Theatre of Song 11:00 “Newspaper and Magazine Writing,” Prof. Hugh McKee 11:50 Pui'due News 12:00 Agricultural Forum 12:15 Sam Hamilton, pianist 12:30 Meet the Band 12:45 Red Cross Interview 1:00 “Urban Sociology,” Prof. T. K. NOSS 1:45 Markets , 2:00 A Story a Day 2:15 WPA Transcription 2:30 Moods in Music, Mrs. C. W. Hemmer . 3:00 News 3:10 Building for Defense 3:15 Afternoon Melodies* 3:30 Organ Moods 4:00 Tea Time Tunes 4:30 Connie Connetto, dramatic sopi'ano
4:46 Little Miss Muffett 5:00 Just R<^ax 5:15 Current BooksrHelen Seaton '5:30 Vespers 5:45 Curio Man 5:50 News 6:00 Dinner Music 6:30 Sports Review 6:46 Melody Maids 7:00 Symphony Hall 8:00 What’s Art to Me ? 8:15 Marching Along 8:30 Eventide Echoes 8:46 From the Press Box 9:00 Irv Given’s Band 9:30 Music 9:50 News 10:00 OFF THE AIR *June Ellery pianist — alternating with Afternoon Melodies. iiiWiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiii Goody's Fine Shoes i 1 Goodwin's Shoe Store 1 = In The Village = i 302 Slate i .iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
ARC
i ACT r\ AV
— ALSO — “WHITE EAGLE”
Thurs. - Fri. - Sat. “SHERIFF OF TOMBSTONE” “MEET THE CHUMP” ' “CAP’T MARVEL” SERIAL
DEBRIS pictures of the following groups will be token
tonight in the Union Ballroom:
7:00 Bivouac House
9:00 Kneal Hou.se
7:10 Shoemaker House
9:10 Daver House
7:20 Antigovish House
9:20 Luma House
7:30 Glenwood House
9:30 Chauncey House
7:40 Novdale House
9:40 Salisbury House
7:50 Ann Tweedale House
9:50 Westminster House
8:00 Independent Workers
10:00 Owen House
8:10 Pharmacist Staff
10:10 Forestry Club
8:20 Agriculturist Staff
10:20 A.S.C.E.
8:30 PIA Sophomores
10:30 Model Airplane Club
8:40 Marwood House
10:40 Sigma Delta Chi
8:50 Circle Pines House ■ ■ ■ ■
10:50 Sigma Delta P.si
MARS TOMORROW - FRI. Wild as a Wolf Pack . . . and just as dangerous to handle!
with DkkFORAI^ krnemmm BILLY HALOfl MUNTZ HALL GABRIEL DELL BERNARD PUNSLY
LAST DAY
P-
M:
RIDE TRAILWAYS — NEV/ COMFORTABLE BUSES— DmECT SERVICE TO MADISON, WIS. 4 SCHEDULES DAILY SPECIAL PARTY RATES OF 10 OR MORE fFtX PURDUE-WISCONSIN FOOTeALL GAME N. 5fh PHONE 4475
JOIN THE NAVY! at Tom's on your night out, too. For hearty food for especially GOOD food . , , and for especially icG cream and good times!! TOM’S RESTAURANT
301 UnivereUy St. Its; ' . Across from the Armory-^You can’t miss it!
Each time you taste ice-cold Coca-Cola, you are reminded that here is the quality of genuine goodness. Experience... many a refreshing experience... has taught people everywhere to trust the quality of Coca-Cola. BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY COCA COLA BOTTLING GO. 6th and Salem — Phone 4937
— TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE
"THE RAMPARTS WE WATCH" with Nazi Terror Film 'BAPTISM BY FIRE'
PLUS
AFFECTIONATELY YOURS — with — MERLE OBERON DENNIS MORGAN RITA HAYWORTH
STARTS THURSDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
Booth Tarkington's Best Bad Boy! "FATHER'S SON' with lOHN LITEL FRIEDA INESCORT — PLUS —
CLAUDE RAINS
LAST DAY —2 Hits ieW Aymi YloMEi ■ — ALSO — ■ ■■ ray MIDbLETON ‘ ' u:- jANB'WYATT'%.. V':i i- — IN-^t 'x , • 'HURRICANE SMltFI"i%
Thur. .1- Fri. T Sat.—‘2 -Hits
uinnKm Now Playufg'' Everyone Says It BiutXhey’M Say n
'a NEW WARNER BROS. TRIUMPH Mn, WALTER BRENNAN • JOAN LESLIE GEORGE TOBIAS • STANIii^ RIDGES A HOWARD HAWKS PROPIJCTIOM 40e Till 6 — After, 6,'Bat. 44c Main Floor 55c — Children 17e Anytime — Prices Include fax — Feature at — 1:30 - 4:10 - 6:45 - 9:25
The FINAL TOUCH For Your Military Ball Costume Add Costume Jewelry For that extra touch
Choose Yours from our Choice Assortment • Necklaces • Bracelets • Pins
• Ear rings FOSTER SHOP East Side Square
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
■•1*1s Tv
^ ’ :>^ /' t* „ y « -H - Purdue Exponent •y -.:i:: -'i -{X :'' ■ ■' ■ xXxiXXX.’r Mx'* '"' >■! --■ -■ ' ^ r.
tnmal Qag^ Battle With Wabash Looms For Find Cut turyiYor^ '; ^iiartih:^ his ^4th ^jeasoH as coach of Riveter net squads, iiambeft is sehding his latest combination through
Sl^’ieldhouse. With the season opener,less
thaif:^ia ^ drills have been harder and
fastdt^
f Ttie .^quad ivill be a^ at the end of tjjie fdbthali season by the teturn of Frosty Sprowb starting
his third ;ypar as a ArSt string piayer,."ah3 sophortlores Bob Ches-
ter and hiotb Johnson.
ii M Surviving the final cut^^ ^ , TL J i|rs¥fb»BMu. b?"fier- /1^0©tfflj5f I tlUFSOSy
hey»%eutzel, Cariess, Conrad, Polk,
The juniors include Joe Benna, student boxing coach,
Boxing Team Calls
High Scorer
Pi^^ney/ Polfman, Kiefer,, and has invited all those interested in
froth last year’s boxing to a special meeting to be
frosh squad comprise the' sopho- held tomorrow evening at 7 o’clock niore Mjoetcr. They are Seaborg, in room 101 of the FieldhohSe. Bentiawsoh, /Wright,: Menke, Slants, will discuss the plans he has
made for the coming season and the possibility of obtaining contests
with other schools.
BroV!;^5an>f®r|ehd li»^W To''Shje,,-A'^tibu ;
I Same :of the Sbphohiores will see
plenty of actiim at the start of the ^acHed Support , ,
season, when Coach Lambert ex-. P«til a few years ago, boxing on peripiepts ' with various combina- ^his campus was a sport that gained feh^iSudyiLawsmiV Jack Swantz, ^®ss than its share of support from ahd''il* Merilth,-brother of the lU the, student body, chiefly because it Menkes, are the first year men that was not recognized by the Univer-
l^oilermaker fans will want to ^ Wiitcli Now At clI“Ivnowii Sport
This yeiff; for the first time, the was before Joe Benna Westerh’“Conference has inaugu- *0 the campus, however, and fated a’fifteen game season. Each ®ince that time the boxing team, member dfTbd conference Will play ‘he direction of the studbnt a Wdy&me seriek with six teams, ‘'o^ch, has developed into anergani-
gnd the remaining three will be opposed, in' Sjiigle games. The Riveters. meet Wisconsin, Indiana, and Illinois only‘once this season.
Opener Witi* Wabash
Following' the season’s, opener Wltfe Wubush' on Dec 8th, thb^ob/id be several important in-
teifebctional contests.
Zation that has made itself krioWn
among the student body. Weight Lifters An important meeting of those
students interested in weight lifting will be held in room 104 of the Fieldhouse this afternoon at 4:15.
CORDS CLEANED and TINTED — 60c iP.; ^ ' 'UNTINTED —45c
^ Purdue's .Equipmenl' Vault Deep down in the entrails of the Boilermaker Fieldhouse lies a small, fortune of about $26^000, a small fortune of athletic equipment. The Boilermaker equipment room is the best arranged and most complete in the Big Ten, although not boasting of as many frills as the one at Minnesota. • This big room in the sub-basement, which looks like the hall of a thank with grilled windows, is tbe headquarters for all sports and is the stronghold of Trainer Lon Mann and his assistant. Surge, who is in charge of the issuing of equipifient. ► Ain't' Nothing Sacred? These guys know about everything about all athletes, from the size of their feet to the helmet measurements. By a system of card indices they carefully keep a record of sizes and equipment out by each player. This entire room is surrounded by massive supplies of carefully placed equipment. Just as an example of the enormous amount of stuff and things—^they have, by count, 257 hip pads, 288 practice pants, besides 70 pairs of game pants, 227 headgears, 219 shoulder pads, and 433 pair of cleated shoes. And this is just a part of the football equipment, not mentioning basketball, track, baseball, etc. ► It Takes A Lpt Of Tape Lon ordered 12^000 rolls of tape for this year, amounting to over 70 miles of tape if the rolls were all laid end to end. ► How Much Per Grid Player? Know how much it costs tp outfit a football player for a season? We tried to get a rough estimate from Lon Mann and it turned out about like this; two helmets at $8.45; game shoes, $10.76; prsictice shoes, $9.76; game pants, $10.96;. practice pants, $3.60; thigh pads, $3.00; elastic belt, $1.00; four pair of socks, $2.40; game socks, $1.00; two “T” shirts, $1.40; three jerseys, $10.96; shin guards, $1.00; shoulder pads, $5.60; hip pads, $6.76; game sweat shirt;, $10.50; game wind breakers, $6.60—total per player, $100.85. ► It Takes A Lot Of Pigs And Horses To go through an average season an even six dozen footballs are kept on hand. Basketball is less extravagant, requiring only four dozen of the horsehide spheres to cover wear and pillage per year. Track is even less extravagant, as they only buy four or five tracks to use each season.
..By Don Brewer Wiscohsin’s unpredictable gridiron ttiaeWiie erf 1941 play host to the Elward eleven at Madison Saturday witli expectation of showing Badger fans that their razzle-daz^ie can outshine the Boilermaker powerhouse. 'C Using Coach Harry Stuhldreher’s principle that a strong offense is the best defense the Badgeijs have thrown catiti^ to the wind, defeating Indiana and Iowa in Big Ten compel^ tion, and losing to Marquette, Northwestern, Syracuse, anrf
... for the Badgers is scrappy Marlin “Pat” Harder, hard running sophomore fullback from Milwaukee. Pat has accounted for 60 of Wisconsin’s 125 points this season, scoring eight touchdowns, nine extra points, and a field goal. Harder is an all-around athlete, hurdling for the thinlies and playing basketball in his off hours.
Ohio State. Stuhldreher’s gridders have chalked up a total of 125 points in their six games, allowing their opponets 140. Main factors in the Cardinal and White high-scoring campaign have been the backfield and wingmen. Wisconsin’s backfield has outshone ifs none too strong line, which has yet to show its power in a goal-line stand; Milwaukee Boy Sophomore^; Marlin “Pat” Harder, Stuhldreher’s great fullback, has accounted for eight touchdowns, nine extra points, and a
Badgers Have Troubles, Too "y Wisconsin’s grid team has fdlleft far short of expectations this son. Only against Iowa and Indiana has it shown its supremacy. In th^6^ initial tilt the Badgers showed poQt pass defense and offense, losing t^jei ball on every touchdown attemf^, as Marquette won 28-7. Fumb^ and more interceptions marred Northwestern 41-14 loss on October 11, Stuhldreher’s team collapsing after the half to hand the Wildcafe the ball on fumbles. Breaking, the ice against lowh
field goal, making a total of 60 and Indiana, Wisconsin defeated points—^almost half of Wisconsin’s the Hawkeyes 23-0, and the Hod#125 total. Harder* hails from Mil- iers 27-25, to show fans that their waukee where his impressive high defense could click. ' .i.
school record gained him notice throughout the dairy state. Speedy on his feet, his twisting runs and slippery hips have pushed him over
many goals.
At quarter post is Tom Farris, senior signal caller from Chicago, whose buliet-like passes -have put
PHONE 7278
I Doctor Says Drunks I Aren't As 'Happy' As fSomePeople Think S (By Associated Collegiate Press) S “Teetotalers' are, happier and = more optimistic than drinkers of alS coholic beverages,” says Dr. TheoS dore F. Lentz, director of the charS acter research institute at Washings ton University, St. Louis, Mo. This report was made on the bas-
for Military Ba
She will be the most beautiful girl at the ball if you send her one of Clark’s exquisite corsages. Artistically arranged, lovely, fresh blooms that will last so much longer.
CLARK’S FLOWER SHOP
527 Main Street
Phone 8451
is of a study of a' group of 780 young persons who were examined for personality traits. His inyestiga.tion was based on responses to a “youth expressionaire” which gave the youth an Opportunity to express their opinions of about 3,000 statements and questions of opinion, attitude, interest, preference and practice. Drinkers Not Happy On the basis of the replies and his compa.risons. Dr. Lentz concluded that not only the drinkers are less happy than the non-drinkers, but those who indulge in alcoholic drugs are more nervous and are apparently more liberal in thought and action. These tests and questions were made bn all types of youths, men and women, those who drank occasion-
Charles Cottingham, CE ’09, will present “The Phenomena of Flight,” illustrated with models and motion pictures, at the open meeting of the Flying Club tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. “The Sport of Flying,” showing the control, maneuvers and stunts of the airplane and “Wiugs of Tomorrow,” illustrating the auto-rotative lift and the autogiro, will also be included in the program. For 16 years Cottingham has been the examiner of aerodynamic devices in the U. S. Patent Office. He did graduate work in aeronautical engineering at the University of Michigan and received a degree in law from National University, Washington, D. C.e.h.a. ally and those who drank heavily. Only one;drinker would admit that the tendency was toward heavy drinking. Collegians Don’t Bend Elbows One. implication. Dr. Lentz said, is that “those who do not go to college take to drinking more than those who do go, contrary to quite' a prevalent notion that college life fosters elbow-bending.” w.s.
All Offense^No Defense
. Fumbles marred their loss to ah under-rated Syracuse team, 27-20', and at Columbus last week thhjr allowed the Buckeyes to win 46-^ in seven sustained touehdoy^n drives, none Jess than 60 yards. The
, ^ , Badgers also scored wildly, bat ^p into the Wisconsin sqmad. Only any organized defense.
Marquette and Syracuse have been
able to stop those Farris throws, putting the bee on the Badgers’ main offensive weapon. Leonard Seelinger, another sophr pmore, holding down left half, and Ted Damos, senior right half from Waukegan, Illinois, ' complete the fast backfield. Both halfs are able passers and kickers, as well as receivers. Many of Farris’ passes are directed their way. : Ends Good, Too Famous wingmen completing the strong offensive squad, are juniors Dave Schreiner and Pat Lyons, both 6 feet 2 inches. 'These ends have the ability for getting down the field fast, Lyons being a runner on the Badger thinly clads and holding tfie State Class C hurdle record. Mentor' Ray Stuhldreher, member of the famous “Four Horsemen” at Notre Dame in 1926, came to Wisconsin in 1936, bringing with him an impressive Villanova coaching record, where his elevens turned in 65 victories, 25 defeats, and ten ties. His Badger score is 16 wpn, 22 lost, and two tied.
Some say that Stuhldreher Has borne down on his squad’s lax defense during the past week, hbpiiT]^ to make a comeback at the expense of the Boilermakers. Defense or np defense, the Badgers will probably give their fans plenty of footb^ thrills up at Madison this Saturday.
IM Schedule
TOUCHBALL—TODAY Field • 3 Beta 3ignia Psi vs. Pi Kappa Ptii. , Official: Noland. % 4 Sigma Alpha Epsilon VS.v. Pi Kap^ AIpha,L Official: Stephans. • f 5 Kappa Delta Rho vs. Theta XI. Official : Tulin. . . 6 Ward 10 vs. Ward 11. Official: Fiuiiimer. . . - ‘‘-■‘•h 7 Ward 24 vs. Ward 25. Official: Captain. ' - ' '.‘f8 Ward 32 vs. Ward' 27. Official; 10 Ward 33 vs. Ward 26. Official: Tepias. 11 Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Sigma pa. Official: Glazer. INTERFRATERNITY SQUASH Court 1 7:00 Delta Tau Delta. > 8:00 Delta Upsilon. z ' 9:00 Kappa Delta Rho. > Court 2 ; 7:00 Kappa Sigma., 8:00 Lambda Chi Alpha. 9:00 Phi Gamma Delta. Court 3 ' 7:00 Phi ^ppa Sigma. . 8:00 ,Pi Kappa Phi. * ‘ ‘ ' 9:00 Sigma Alpha Epsilon. ■;
GOLP.. SILVER.. MESH..WHITE SATIN* Let the cares of the day melt away, as you forget everything but sweet music... and romance! Lofty heeled for petite misses... comfortably tow Vones for the willo]^ type. fWHin SATIN TINTED
ARE
YOU WATCHING
ME
GROW?' y1*«> f’l Y.‘ Purdue Exponent
Wednesday, November 12, 1941
Iliiiridip^iliiiiitiiki
Klib
liOiirtfft
m
Pharmaceutical
$Mf Attend National Meet
l3l, f#;. Hn' Wk' f/' 0kt^sa^s?
Crop ihow At LaPorte
. i . Association announces the election of the following officers:
James P
ard K. Mulvey, vice-president; Rohei't L. Gordon, treasurer; and Mary
Aan Hilt,, secretary.
Gold Pettpeirs: Dinner meeting Thursday, Purdue AcronKbdcIers: ^^ebris picture Svill WAA Hockey: Will-all juniors who can Pi Tnu SiiUnil^a; Pormal initiation and Nov. 13, at 6 p. m. in the Ohi Omega hSflBe* he taken WedTfesday, No efember 12, at 10 :.10 play hockey come out for the game Wed- banquet ThuradaV, November IS. Meet'in It you are unable io attend, please call p. ift. ili...th6jSoUt!Bhallrorom of the Union, nesday, November 12: No-, praotic’es neies- ReSidiit'g Room,' Mechanical ISngineelJing
" '5, All memDers:!aiil'encl. - i? —VELFOPP l' siry.';, , "a . —EMHOPP- Blu-lding at'-C'ifH W« Alr.''awsi'Sfe-«iA«i''tolc^eB
be there. ■ ■ l ^r-^STAPN®
Ruth Rose; at ,6067 , by 'Wednesda^^m^jnB;,
Junior Coed Business Staff: Meeting in
Monroe, president; Rich- office Wednesday, Nov. 12, at 4 '
Fifteen inembers.of the Agron
oiiiy gDepartment are attending ses- .Several University staff members dcRimS 'Of the American Society of gpeak and Act as judges at the iiilfnwfica in Washington, D. G this twelfth antiual Isforthern Indiana '^ffeeit. The sessions began on Men- Muck Crops show which starts today, Nov 12, and will last through- day in LSPorte and continues until
nut, Thursday,. Nov. 14. Monday evening,
^^ACPlty men attending are: Dr. A. P. Stewart, University musical
Ki^nke, Dr. George ^ar- director, will direct a chorus of 350 tioned-at Will Rogers P’ield, Ukla. Fiyiwg ciub: opeiv-mcotiiip. Wed'nfcsirthy, Wh^uTSuite from 23 counties in a At this base, he Will fly light and Nov.^jrMlies'iind'^CoukT. H. Rushnell. Graduate assistants —concert Sunday afternoon, medium bombers. Lt. Grab com- w. -HABieilT
^tending are: H. L. Cook, Mack u.,;,ivej’sity musicians will act as Drake,. Joseph Steekel, A. J. Ohl- .gQjQ^gtg ^pd acebmpanists for the
rogg^ H. E. Jones, U. S. Jones, Ijfeb Kangas, and N. J. Vittum..
, Ncwittoli Chib'; .DiBcuk5®/iU, group, ooritin-
Ji'hg ihvestigation of larf-lage and'.’the ___ , Catholic Chufeh” win m opt in roOm 306 of vanced fencers.
Uhibu a'f 7 :20 p. m. Wdanesday, Nov'ertbor 12. \ —RUNNION
WAA Fencing: Practice Friday, November 14, at 4 p.,m. for- beg-innera and ad*
“EMHOff
Oscar A, Grab
. 1 . EE ’42, has been assigned to the 48th iBombardment; group stationed at Will Rogers Field, Qkla.
pleted his training as an aviation cadet at Maxw'ell Field, Ala.
ASMB: Meeting Friday, NOy. 14. at'11
a. m. in room 129 of the Eleettioal 'Etigiueoriug building. J. W, Parker Will speak
oil "Attack on Bewilderment.” ;
—UTLEY
Agriculturist VvorKers: Debris tfictuTes: wiir be token Wednesday, Nov. 13, at 8:20
p. m. in the south ballroO'Wi. ’
' —snVder
OE'lOSt 'Meet om Thlfrsclay, Noyethber 13. ■ ■ : .-;^VAURrO
Prof, A, T,Wiancko is attending the funeral of his brother, A. G. Wiancko, who died m Toronto, Canada, where he made 1^18 residence. Diying, Ballet (Continued from page 1) yearling spring-board artist, and Frank Farkas and Wally Grubb, varsity members. Singing By Glee Club With the Glee Club scheduled to accompany the exhibitions, Coach
Gaylord Will Act As Toastmaster Dean H. J. Reed, of the School of Agriculture, will appear on the Monday evening program at -which Fay C. Gaylord, of the horticulture department, will serve as toastmaster. N. K. Ellis and Roscoe Fraser, also of the horticulture department, will award medals and crown the potato, onion and muck Crop kings at this session. ' . Want'i'o Be A Queen? •-Features of the six-day program include a potato salad contest, the naming of a -Muck Crops queen, Hobsier Corn Huskers, the Muck Crop jubilee and many talks and
demonstrations.
Other University staff members
Classified
Ads
Papenguth expects to keep the ball -v^,ho ;w)]i appear on the show’s prorolling’’ all through the program include: Glen Smith, Dr. C. T. with not a dull moment. Gregory, G. E. Gould, M. G. Smith, Little Pete Reason, 11 year old prof. R. W. Samson, Bernice Kohldiver from Louisville, Ky., who fin- me'yer ahd Louis Oberhelman. p.g.hi
ished third in the NationaF Junior Diving Championship for Men, and made.an impressive showing in the senior event, will be back again this year. Reason, ranked as one of the finest young divers in the United States, was marked by spectators as one of the best on the pro-
gram. Even younger than Pete on Typewriters—Adding Machines, all tnakes iv ‘ii i_ 1 cr , sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. IVIimethe program, will be several 5-yeai- ogra^h wocK done. C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main, old girl swimmers, imported from Lafayette. Phone 2-^^^
Indianapolis for the carnival. Barbara Cook, former National High and Low Board Women’s Champion, is expected back this year also. Miss Cook, tvho has now taken up flying, was the first Aquacade queen while she attended the
University.
Aside from the diving exhibitions comedy numbers, including a water bicycle race, a water fight on water horses, and “flipper” races, will be special features to the show.
Notices
No Notices Accepted After 7:30 p. m. Phi Lambda .Upsilon: Meeting Thursday, Nov. 13, at ? :30 in Room 106, Chemistry Bldg. Guest speaker. —BRANNER. Ceres! All men are expected to enter the Ceres Corps Judging Contest to' be’ held Saturday, Nov. i5, in Ag. Hall. Prizesawarded. Entry blanks may be obtained from Ih’of. F. E. Robbins or pledges.
—BYER
POMM: The banquet will be Tuesday, Nov. ■ 18, at (>:30 p. m. Get tickets from Bushnell, MacMillan, Sullivan, or Youkey. The price of tickets is 65c and the absolute deadline for their purchase is Saturday, Nov, 15, at noon. —-BUSHNELL Scabbard and Blade: Meeting iit 4 :15 p. m. Wednesday, Nov. 12, in room 355 of the Union. —SULLIVAN Scabbard and Blade: Meeting .Wednesday, Nov. 12, 4 ilT) p. m. in room 355 in the Union, Wear uniforms and white shirts. Ceremony for Military Ball will be planned. —SULLIVAN Pistol ^ea'm Tryouts: The following listed students are asked to report to the p.istal range of the armory Nov. 17, at 4 p. m. : H. B. Beach, J. Bcckerich, B. E. Eiscihhour, H. D. Crom, R. J. Eastman, J: K, Greer, D. B. Cracier, T. Harrington, J. N. Heater, W. J. Heinze. E. R. Hyde, T. Jundanian, W. Kocster, R. N. Kramt'r. E. \V. Riedweg, D. B. Rlissel, E. H., Schwehker, J. H. Simpson. C, M. Williams.
-BROWN
ASME: Debris picture will bo taken at . 7 :30 p. ni. Nov. 27, in main ballroom of the Union. —UTLEY
Hoof and Horn Club : Important meeting in A.gricultural Hall Wednesday, Nov. 12.
at 7:30 p. th. Members and all interested this week,
are invited to attend. -—DUFFY
ASCE: Meeting at 8:46 p. tn, Wednesday, Nov. 12, in room 201 of the Civil Building. Debris picture will be taken affer the Trieeting, in the Union ballroom. Memberships will be on sale at both places.
—TRUITT
. All Social Chafrmen of Sororities and Fratertitfesi Meeting in > room 263 of the Unidn Wednesday,'WoVemvber 12, at. 4 m.
' I ■ .
PAG! Spefeiai fneeting Thursday, November 13, at 4 tr. ni'*, in Miijl Elward’s office. Please plan to attehd ad Ahere are, several mat'tevs to disctiss. ‘ j —adams Skull and Crescent:.Meeting in room 303 of Uriion at 7?46 p. hi; * Wednesday, November 12. * 1 —MENKE
YWCA: Community Service gmup meeting in the YWOA office Wed'rieaddir, Novem*-ber-12, at 4 p. m, ; -^McCREABY Ream'Or Clhh: Oiife 'cap haS hot bCen' turned in as yet. Remainder may be had in my office Friday from 4 to 6 p. m. • ♦ 44 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 M » M f
Everything for a College Education DBAjC’S
Gimlet Actives and Pledges: No meeting
■ -^JOHNSON
iMi>kbVE A PRIVATE BE GIVEN FREE CrtARiSE " ■BOI^IGHt J TO THOSE WIShVwG T(| ENROLL IN OUR NEVSr ^i , AOVANCEb Cl^js; LATEST DANCES TAUOjHT V PHONE 2150 ; -ALIjEIV S- 6th & Verrf
Student Senate: AH senators desiring keys contact me soon. —YODER Alpha Zela: Meeting Thursday, Nov. 13, in room 303 of the Union. Active report at 7:30’ p. m. Pledges mhSt be presertt at 8 p. m. Avithout garb. —SWATM Outing Club Members: Roller skating party 'at 7:30 p. m. Thursday, Nov. 13, at Maple Point. Call Gail Henis, 2907, or Jim Colbert, 8421 to arrange • transportation. ; —BUERGLER AWS Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday,. Nov. 12, at 7';30 p. m. -tMcCULLOCH All Boxers: The PBA and members of the Purdue Boxing Team will hold a meeting at. the Ficldhouse Thursday, Nov., 13, at 7 p. m. Future plans will be discussed.
—BENNA
Lo^t: Catalyst key, initialed A.H.H., *42, on back. Finder call Art Huisken at 8421. Lost: Tan, camel-hair overcoat with pair fur-lined gloves in pocket. Labeled “Roger
Kent.” Notify Dick Saxton, 3301.
The swing is to boots! Footflatterers that protect both '-f^oiir ahoes and your sheers. Gaytees •/ Jitg. U. S. Pat. Off.
2nd FLOOR SHOE SALON
a
''•VLLL4/' C*L ...
(cma, 470 |^n/joA<nrv[^ tuL- !'
518 Main St. Phone 5036
RIG
^souf^ Woftd, HT NOW!
Military Ball Friday Night—We will be very busy for the next few days getting clothes and accessories ready for those who will attend this gala event. Send your Gleaning now to i . .
I N E C L E A N E US OF FINE C LOTH E
New tmdef-arm Cream Deocloi:€|i|t safely '■ ’ Stops Perspiration
1. Does not rot dresses or men’s shirts. Does not irritate skin. 2. No waiting to dry. Can be used right after shaving. 3. Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days. Removes odor from perspiration. 4. A pure, white, greaseless, stainless vanishing cream. 5. Arrid haS'been awarded the Approval Seal ofthe American Institute of Laundering for being harmless CO fabrics. Arrid iathe LARGEST selling OEOOORAHT. Try a jar today! IRRID . At allAtAret selling toilet goofU (slio in lO^snd S9|ijar»)
from GEISLER’S
Double Breasted Tuxedos , : The New Full Dress Tuxedo and Full Dress Vests Tuxedo and Full Dress Shirts . Opera Hats $15.00 Hombergs Full Dress Collars 35c Tuxedo Collars
.50 u]p $4*00 u^' $2.50 $5.00 25c
LfGHTfNG QUIZ
\
The light in shade ht summer is how much stronger than the aver^ age light in homes at night?
; About 5 times □ 25 times Q 100 Om^ Q
2 How many grade school children {on th& , average) have defective eyesight? Ita5 □ lio?5 □ lta50 □
Darning stockings may ht difficult but it's easier than reding a book.
* Prom the research by Dr. Matthew Luckiesh, D.Sf., EE, author of "Seeing and Human Welfare," "The Science of Seeing,"
A "footcahdle'* is the amount of li^ \ ) thrown by a candle a foot away, f Hew many foetcandles have you In your living room? Q How many should you bave? Q
ANSWERS TO LIGHTING QUIZ ABOVE:
/ Even in shade in summer the light is heqnently 100 times stronger than where ^yon try to read at night, ay One out of five grade school children have defective eyesight cind the number increases to 2 out of 5 at college age. -ij # u< ^ Darning socks puts a far heavier strain on eyes than leading a book. You need several times more light for this task than for reading. As eyes grow older the pupils contract ^ becoming smaller. Consequently there is need for more and more light as birthdays pile up.
C You should have at least 20 to 40 footcaadlos of light in your living room at every easy chair or davenport used for reading—and > the more the’better! For long and difficult seeing .tasks, such as sewing on dark cloth or working at a lathe, you need upwards of 50 footcandles. We'll be glad- to check your lighting for you. Just phone and ask to have a Home advisor measure your lighting with a light meter, the scientific instrument that shows exactly how much light you're getting. There's no obligation whateveil
TUNE IN *
“The Hour of Charm” — Sundays at 9 P. M. NBC Red Network
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF
Inc.
FREE
-LITE
n
Coupon enclosed with your light bill entitles you to a free "kitchen-lite” with the purchase of six other Mazda bulbs of any size. Coupon redeemable at your Dealers or at our stores. Offer Expires November 26, 1941
One of Our Lighting [ Salesmen Will Call On You Very Soon Very soon one of our salesmen will call upon you witl» an attractive offer of light conditioning equipment.
■f-”
s'*