r^’' "! ■■ ,. 'V" ‘ ^ ‘ ' / ' ' """'i"- *" * "* ^ '
. ....
Read Daily By 5000 Students of Purdue Uiuversity
VOLUME XLVIli
Lafayette, Indiana, Wednesday, may 6,1937
NUMBER 146
Iloyhans And Craig Named For Senate Presidency Dick Craig, mechanical engineering junior, and Dan Rohyans, junior science student, were named for the presidency of the Student Senate during 1937-38 at a nominating session of the organization in the Memorial Union Building last nifeht. Oother nominations made include H. E. Montfort, for vice president; J. D. Bowman, for treasurer; and Elizabeth Ann Stewart, for secretary. Nominations for these latter three offices, however, may be reopened after election of the president. Acceptance Speeches The presidential candidates will make acceptance speeches at the elections meeting next Tuesday, and the presidency will be voted upon. Elections for the other positions will follo-\v, with nominations for each office being made before ballots are cast. ' Chuck Reiley, as chairman, Jim Esterline, and Jack Ohaver were named as a committee for obtaining proper publicity on the candi dates for the presidency. The qualifications of each man will be published in a later issue of the Exponent. The Senate was notified last night that its new constitution had beeh accepted by the executive committee of the University.
Poultry Show Begins Today The annual University egg and chick show will open in the Poultry Building at .8 o'clock this morning and continue until 9 p. m. Friday. Four hundred dozen eggs and 2,500 chicks from a dozen states will be placed on exhibit at this time. Cash prizes totaling $150 will be awarded, along with 36 cups and trophies and numerous ribbons. Educational exhibits will be shown, including one project showing the complete development of an embryo chick. The show, which is sponsored by junior, sophomore, and freshmen agricultural students, is under the direction of E. E, Schnetzler, faculty advisor, and L. H. Thie, student manager.
Halt, CE Head, Will Retire At End Of Year Dr. W. K. Hatt, head of the school of civil engineering and director of the materials testing laboratory, will retire from active service on the University faculty at the close of the present academic year to devote his time to directing the highway research project conducted by the University for the Indiana Highway Commission, President E. C. Elliott announced yesterday. Prof, Ralph B. Wiley, sanitary engineer and member of the staff since 1906, will succeed Dr, Hatt as head of the civil school and director of the laboratory. Dr. Hatt graduated from the University of New Brunswick in 1887 and obtained his master’s degree in 1898 and doctor of philosophy degree in 1901 from the same school. He took his professional degree at Cornell in 1898 where he had taught before coming to Purdue in 1893. Important Positions Aside from his faculty duties. Dr. Hatt has filled many important positions outside of the University during his 44 years at this school. He served as consulting engineer for the Indiana War Memorial Commission, chief engineer for the Indiana Flood Commission in 1915, director of the highway research board for the National Research Council, president of the Indiana Engineering Society, president of the American Concrete Institute, and state engineer for the Conservation Department. Anniversary Dr. Hatt will leave for Fredericton, New Brunswick, next Tuesday, to deliver the alumni oration at the commencement exercises of New Brunswick University, just 50 years after his graduation from the school, . •
Health Services Show Big Increases Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the Student Health Service, reports that during the first seven months of this school year his department performed 10,247 more services than during the similar period last year. From September, 1936, and through March, 1936, the Health Service dispensed 29,712 services, reaching a peak with 5,282 cases in the month of February. Over the similar period this year, 39,959 treatments were handled, with the high mark of 7,958 coming in the month of March. Dr. Miller attributes this increase in Service to four causes: the new roomy quarters which allow the staff to function with greater efficiency; increased enrollment; increased laboratory facilities; and more sickness due to streptococcus sore throat and flu.
University Club Meets Last Time Robert A. Phillips, president of the University Club, presided at its final meeting Monday in the Union Building. Five hundred members of the faculty and their wives attended the meeting. A variety program consisting of selections by the Purdue Symphonic Band, a play entitled “Experiment,” and a dance by the pony chorus of “Castles In The Air” provided the highlight of the evening. Other officers of the club besides Professor Phillips are Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, vice-president; and assistant Dean V. C. Freman, secretary-treasurer.
Dr. Sears Reviews Latest Works Of Scrivener Club By Dr. L. M. Sears The new edition of Scrivener re sembles Harper’s Magazine of the 1850’s in the sense that it should be read from cover to cover, something unusual in current periodicals. With poetry and prose interwoven in happy proportions, the reader senses that the University is maintaining its strong tradition as a school of science, agriculture, and engineering, which by its solid foundation in the realities is the genuine, even if surprising, nursery of the arts. Among the 20 contributions of the current Scrivener, all of them creditable alike to the club and to its publication, the reviewer can enumerate only those which made a subjective appeal to his own taste. Among such R. L. Whitcomb’s description of a wanton in “Afterimage” lingers in the memory. “Thais,” by J. E. Brock, leads cleverly to a surprising denouement. The power of small town gossip is crystallized with all the conciseness of a short short story by Elizabeth Abel in “Town Tales.” Horror And Hum.or In the reviewer’s opinion “The Crossing,” by R. Jenkins, has all the prime requirements of the ghost story at its best. A gem of brevity and artistry, it embodies the pseu-do-reality essential to this literary form. Stark realism, on the other hand, attains an equally vivid ex pression in “One Eye,’’ by A. E Poarch. Poe would'find it difficult to create in so brief a space an im pression of greater horror. It is with relief that one turns to the gentle irony of R. F, Munro “Christian Brotherhood.” As .studies in imaginative psychology, “Three Hours To Live,” by J. M. Clem, and “Half Minute Hia tus,” by A. Radkey, take us to the farthest limit of human experience in a contemplation of approaching dissolution. Powerful are both. The present reviewer feels no assurance in awarding palms to poets, but he confesses to a special admiration for, the simplest of the April offerings, “Pansy,” by Florence Beilke.
Dr. W. K. Hatt
Purdue Corps Prepares For National Drill Lieutenant-Colonel Carlos Brewer and his staff put the entire corps through their final dress rehearsal yesterday in preparation for National Inspection to be held here on May 13 and 14. All formations were executed on Intramural Field as they are to be performed on the afternoon of the first inspection day. At 2 p. m. May 13 the corps will pass in review before Clifford Townsend, governor of Indiana, and Pres. E. C. Elliott. Following the review, Majors Stuart McLeod and George S. Buerket of the Fifth Corps Area will take charge of the regular in^ spection. Uniforms will not be worn again until inspection day. May 13, the time to be used to clean and condi tion each piece of the uniform to help toward retaining the high rating for the University R. O. T. C. in the Fifth Corps Area; however, all drills will contimje as scheduled.
Phi Lambda Upsilon Elects Officers Julius C. Sanders, junior chemical engineering student was elected president of Phi Lambda Upsilon, chemical engineering honorary, on Monday night. Other officers elected were: vice-president, R. K. Toner, of the chemical engineering faculty; secretary, Wayne Fredericks, public service engineering junior; treasurer, C. A. Reichelderfer, junior chemical; and faculty advisor,, Prof. E. F. Degering. ,,
Prof. Porter To Give Mushroom Lecture Prof. C. L. Proter, instructor in plant pathology in the biology de partment, will give an illustrated lecture on mushrooms before i meeting of the Horticultural Soc iety at 7 o’clock this evening in room 102 of the Horticultural Building. The society invites all students to attend the lecture.
20 Ag Student To Leave On Inspection Trip Approximately 20 sophomore and junior students of animal husbandry will leave the Ag campus at 6 a. m. tomorrow for a three-day journey to southern Indiana and northern Kentucky to inspect horse, sheep, and cattle farms. On the way, they will visit a woolen mill at Seymour and also Thompson’s Angus Farm at Cortland. All day Friday and part of Saturday morning will be spent in visiting farms in the vicinity of Lexington, Ky. Professor Gobble is in charge of the trip which will end Saturday evening.
Webb To Lecture On Golden Gate Bridge Tonight C. E. Webb, division engineer for the American Bridge Companj^, will give a lecture, open to the public, on the San Francisco-Oakland Bridge at 7:30 o’clock this evening in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. The lecture will be accompanied by many slides illustrating the problems involved, and a sound motion picture. The San Francisco to Oakland Bridge claims greatness because six of its 51 piers are deeper than any other in the world, the total length is eight and one-quarter miles with four and one-half miles over water, there are 200,000 tons of steel and 1,000,000 cubic yards of concrete and it includes the only large twin suspension bridge ever built. The lecture is sponsored by the A. S. C. E. in a joint meeting with the A. I. E. E. and A. S. M. E. Officials in charge of its presentation state that the film has been so popular with other organizations that it is now booked ahead until the latter part of June.
Members ASME To Meet Here May 11 For Conference Members of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers from Indianapolis, Anderson, Terre Haute, Muncie, Kokomo, and other cities of the state will visit the University Tuesday to attend the time and motion study conference and dinner meeting which will be held here at that time. Speakers at the dinner meeting will include Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, professor of managements at the University, and an internationally known engineer, and Frank Chase, well known management engineer of Chicago. Dean A. A. Potter, head of the enginering schools, will act as toastmaster.
Festival Day Pageant Plans Near Completion Elaborate plans for the presentation of the old English pageant for Festival Day on the oval Saturday are being conppletedi Robin Hood’s merry men, Irish colleens, shepherdesses, Highlanders, mummers, and heralds will perform in honor of their queen. Aline Marshall, and her court.
The
courtiers are several well known senior men and women. The royal assemblage will be ready to receive the entertainers at 2:30 Saturday afternoon. Strenuous Battles H. Kenn Carmichael, of the English department, and Fred Ahrens have devised a new system of jousting for the Robin Hood band. The men are armed with oak poles six feet long and three inches in diameter. The aim of the jousting is to disarm and knock down apponents. » A mixed company of Highlanders will present a Scottish dance with the accompaniment of mock bagpipes. The butcher, the baker, and the candlestick maker will contribute to the gaieties with character dan-
ces.
Fred Ahrens and Bernard Everett are preparing a special performance—a mock combat to the death on wood hobby horses. Good, Clean Fun Strolling players will present a satire by A. A.. Radkey entitled “Mary Tangerman’s May Day Mummers Play And I Hope She Chokes,” which is dedicated by the author to Miss Tangerman, Festival Day director, because “she has made me work,” explains Radkey. Twenty-six members of the University choir will combine with the 30 piece University orchestra td furnish music for the gala affair. Visiting mothers of University students 'yvill be honored with tokens of recognition as a feature of Festival and Mothers’ Day. Tickets for the pageant, at 25 cents each, are on sale at all frater nity and sorority houses, and at the Memorial Union desk.
Institutional Managers End Conference Approximately 65 farm managers and superintendents of various state penal, correctional, and benevolent institutions met here yesterday to confer with University agricultural specialists on farm problems concerning the varioiis institutions. This was the second of such meetings called by J. D. Hull, former com king from Columbus and now supervisor of state farms, in an effort to improve the general operation and productivity of the farms, the first meeting being held last month in Indianapolis. Among the topics discussed today were summer crops, summer care of milk, brooding chicks, feeding the hens for eggs, care of trees and small fruits, and livestock feeding and management. Following the noon luncheqn, T. A. Coleman, assistant director of agricultural extension work, and Harry Reed, assistant director of the Agricultural Experiment Station, addressed the visitors.
Wesley Foundation To Sponsor Wiener Roast Wesley Foundation will sponsor a trip to Battle Ground and a wiener roast May 7 at 5 o’clock. The roast will be preceded by baseball and other competitive games. Busses will leave the Foundation at 5 p. m. and return at 8.
Rice To Talk To Seniors On ‘Views Of Marriage’ Dr. T. B. Rice, of the Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, will address senior men only in the fourth of a series of marital lectures at 4 p. m. tomorrow in the large assembly room of the Education Building. Dr. Rice, making his sixth annual appearance on the campus, will speak on “Marriage From The Viewpoint Of A Man Physician.” Dr. Elizabeth Straus will address the senior women next week, from a woman physician’s viewpoint.
Delta Ciii Election Delta Chi announces the election and installation of the following officers; H. C. Phillips, president; D. S. Pool, vice-president; R. B. Dow, secretary; D. R. McLeish, corresponding secretary; W. F. Westermeier, sheriff.-
Band To March At Derby Tonight
By H. I. Stanback Simulating a huge color organ, with myriad flashing colored lights in rhythm with the stirring, crashing music, the University Military Band will march through the streets of Louisville tonight in the annual Kentucky Derby Festival Parade. Playing on a 14 key section of a piano keyboard, K. T. Hilberg, a freshman member of the band, -will control the lighting effects. His keyboard is electrically connected to 62 circuits comprising blocks of lights in different parts of the band. He will play the same tune as the band. Each of the 130 band members -who will make the trip to Louisville this morning are equipped with one light on the cap and one green light on the toe of each foot. The colors in the cap lights are arranged to form three concentric squares, one red, one blue, and one amber. The piano ke3fboard flashes symetrical sections of these colored squares on
Gold and Silver trophy won by the UnWersity Military Band in the Kentucky Derby Festiv^al Parade competition last year.
and off in rhythm with the music. In the trial demonstration staged in the Armory last night nearly 300 people watched and listened to the band. As each group of instruments played their sool parts their lights were flashed from the keyboard. When the whole band joined in the finale of a piece, for a few seconds, the entire pattern of red, blue, amber, and green lights was lit at once, and over 1,600 colored lights were burning. The big Purdue drum, decorated with 360 light bulbs, is mounted on a new yellow and black Chevrolet truck. All the controls, 18 storage batteries, cables and switchboards are mounted on this truck. About 8,0000 feet of double conductoi*, rubber covered wire is used in the hook up. The band leaves on a special Monon train at 7:10 this morning and will arrive back in Lafayette at 4 o’clock Thursday morning.
350 Attend Special Convo “Ever changing, always exquisite, and never quite the same, the canyons of southwestern Utah and of northern Arizona intrigue and beckon the traveler back year after year,” said R. A. Kirkpatrick at the special convocation last night at Eliza Fowler Hall. Natural-colored pictures taken by a sensitized camera capable of picking up the true tones of the landscape were shown bfore a crowd of 350 persons. Fifteen years ago it would have been a long and tedious journey to undertake in order to see these beauties wrought by nature. Now due to modern transportation the desert is easily crossed and “God’s Country”, accessible to all.
Reamer Club Will Sponsor Movies For the purpose of raising funds to help support minor sports, the Reamer Club is sponsoring the moving pictures which the Mars and Luna Theatres will show Friday and Saturday. “When Love Is Young” starring Virginia Bruce and Kent Taylor will be shown at the Mars both days. The Luna will present a double fea- ‘ ture “Let’s Get Married” with Ralph Bellamy and Ida Lupino and “Call It A Day” featuring Ian Hunter and Olivia DeHavilland. Tickets can be bought from any Reamer or at the Union desk. The Club will receive commissions only on tickets not sold at the box office.
Pi ^ppa Phi
Pi Kappa Phi, social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following: T. A. Harris, South Bend; M. J. Miller, Muncie; S. E. Leman, Bremen.
UnsetEcI Br Tempy Hm Kspmwat Wmtlwir
I’m a pretty popular boy, these days. With picnics in the ^ir everyone is wondering if rain is going to spoil the fim. My prediction for tomorrow is partly showers, partly cloudy, and partly fair. If yon can figure out at what times these different parts win come yon are a better man than I am a moose. P. S. I think “pick'necldng** wotdd be a better- name for this sprn^ sport.’ -.-■•r-.;
■<k f
‘a•Two
UBE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, May S. 1987
/
tK'^t l^urbue Cx'ponent
P««A«ed in tSSS
MCMBCn g^Mocinted 6i»U(9t«te nrctfs ^
lUPIISBKNTKD FOR NATIONAI. ADVKRTISINa RY National Advertising Service, Inc CoUtff Fmbthhnrs Rfbr»sentattv0 420 Madison Avb. New York, N Y. Chicago • Boston . San Francisco Los ANOELKS • PORTLAND . SEATTLE
Entered as second class matter at the i>ost office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by "«rHi S8J50 per year, delivered by carrier, $2 50 per year, sold by a single copy, 2 cents
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Business Phone 6038
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 5037
EDITORIAL BOARD OF CONTROL R J Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E H Morris, L. D Wood
EDITORIAL STAFF
Manasing Ekiitor EH Morns Associate Editors _ K A Barnette, 3 E Brock, A H Forster, R. P Manion, C L. Sadler Sophomore Assistants W M Anthony, D A Bailey, J A. Chapin, J. R. Clark L. S Hardin, C D Schroeder, H L Stanback, D R Vance E H Kelloes, K. E O’Neil Bold and Black Editor J C. Ohaver
BUSINESS STAFF
R. J. Hulse
— L. H. Brown
D C, MiUer
W J Gillilan, R. R. Hensler, M C. Reeves J. P. Girard
F C Robbins, F. T. Swain
r
(l^Ctctal Catb of tfie Entsfitsi anb Habtesi of tfie Bog Bougie
WHEREAS, and unjustly treated by REASONS;
of was duly for the following
Business Manager National Advertising Manager— Local Advertising Manager Advertising Assistants —
Circulation Manager
Circulation Assistants
Editor _ Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF „ L. D. Wood W. H Fifleld S R. Griffiths. R F Obenehain
Eklitor Associate Editors Advertising Manager
WOMEN’S STAFF _ .Helen Creech Jeanne Janousek, Dona McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—^J. W. Richey.
Political Stroke Misses Fire One of the most flagrant political moves in campus elections during recent years was attempted by a candidate for the presidency of the Student Senate and his supporting clique yesterday and last night. Only by a narrow margin was the move averted. Last night had been set as the date for nomination of candidates for Senate offices and was reported as such in the Exponent several days ago. The date for the election itself was set as May 11. Knowing that all of the Senators would not attend the nominating session but would show up for the elections, a potential candidate for the Senate presidency or one of his party workers struck upon the idea of pulling a political coup by taking all his supporters to last night’s meeting and putting through a motion to hold the election then instead of on the announced date. With some of his opponent’s backers absent, he would stand an excellent chance of becoming president. The Senator with presidential aspirations notified the members of his clique of the intended move before the Senate meeting yesterday. Everything was going off according to schedule Two men were nominated for the presidency, and then a motion for holding the election last night was put up for discussion and, despite protests of certain Senators concerning the illegality and irregularity of the action, was passed. The presidential candidates were sent from the room with the intention of bringing them in one at a time for making an acceptance and campaign speech. One of them notified the president of the Student Union of the political stroke that was being shoved through. The Union president came over to the meeting and after talking for a few minutes persuaded a majority of the Senators that they were attempting an irregular action in holding elections without proper publicity, and the motion to elect officers immediately was rescinded. For an organization which should be among the foremost on the campus m promoting elections on basis of merit, last night’s episode casts a blot on the character of the Student Senate. We can only hope that after thinking the matter over. Senators favoring the attempted action will see that they were not acting in a manner befitting their position and will try to vote on officers for the coming year according to merit instead of for their political and fraternal affiliations.—R. P. M.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have set my hand and caused to be affixed the Official Seal of the Royal Order of the Knights and Ladies of the Dog House, this day of , 1937.
Signed
J. C. O’haver, Pres.
ATTEST
Secretary
BY-LAWS OF THE ROYAL ORDER of THE KNIGHTS AND LADIES DOG HOUSE WHEREAS, the treatment of certain members of Purdue University by their male or female, as the case may be, loves have been unbecoming to said students; and WHEREAS, any such student, who desires to' become a member of this Royal Order, must show proof of at least two of the following unjust acts by their said oppressor: 1 A recent verbal combat resulting in ill feeling 2. Return of pm, ring, key, picture, et cetera by the oppressoi. 3 Open case of chizelmg by the oppressor. 4. Wherein the oppressor has not taken the applicant to campus function of importance. 5. Wherein the oppressor has in any other way wronged against the applicant. WHEREAS, all membership cards must cany the signature of the President and Secretary and must have affixed the official seal. WHEREAS, all applications for membership must be addressed to Editor of BOLD & BLACK and turned in at the Exponent box at Union COMMITTEE.
A New Kind Of Probation If you happen along “Hello Walk” this morning between 7:45 and 8 o’clock you will no doubt be surprised to meet there a group of 35 men stationed at about five foot intervals, each smiling and greeting you with a cheery “hello.” If you continue to frequent “Hello Walk’ ’at this hour, you will be greeted each morning by this same group of men. These men are representatives of the class of 1940. Their mission is to awaken in the somewhat dormant minds of many students the place that “Hello Walk” holds in the tradition of our University. They are the newly chosen pledges to Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary for men As future members of this organization they are taking onto themselves a portion of the responsibility for the furtherance of Purdue’s traditions of today and tomorrow. In order that many of these time honored institutions on our Campus may again be brought to the student’s eye, these freshmen are spending their period of active pledgeship in bringing before the student body in as many ways as possible that indispensable portion of a University known as its color and tradition. It is the hope of the Skull and Crescent organization that in instituting such a program it shall have the support of the student body. Surely, after such an exhibition of faith in today’s generation of students as was displayed by our loyal alumni in their hearty participation in the many Gala Week festivities, we can do well to pause and revive the tradition of their day, thus helping to preserve that certain phase of University activity as we hope to see it in our tomorrow.—^L. S. H.
FISH FISH FISH Ye royal order of the “KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF THE DOG HOUSE” has incorporated and said rules and regulations are in full effect... GENTS wot feel that they have been treated as the dirt under someone’s feet . . . and GOILS who have been given the AIR under peculiar circumstances . . . apply and receive recognition thereof . .. said royal order is open only to fish and other water animals of the first degree and the higher, the fewer . . . so wot... \ _ _ OSHIFERS of the present season are as follows: President—JACK OHAVER. Secretary—BETTY HEGELE PLEDGES for life or until withdrawn are: FRANKIE FORD, JANE ANDERSON, MARTHA NORMAN, JIM SHOEMAKER, and WOODY CARROLL . . . As SPRING IS in the air and all that STUFF is following us around, membership will be increased so get your application in now .... fill out blank, printed above, dispatch same to EXPONENT office or B & B box for confirmation and seal, and pull in your line. . . POME’S ’n FILTH of no consequence . . .
Tennis Squad Meets Butler Here Today The Purdue tennis team led by Captain Maury Wakefield will meet Butler’s undefeated net team on the Boilermaker courts this afternoon at 4. Captain Wakefield is confident that the Boilermakers will defeat Butler despite the fact that the first matches of the season were lost. The team has not been in better condition this season and with the ex^ierienee gained from the Iowa and Michigan matches the squad I to teeak into the win column.
ALL-CAMPUS GOLF TOURNEY
—TODAY— Following men are scheduled to start today to qualify. Play 18 holes today or tomorrow.
Curtin, W. M. King, D. L. Reiley, R L Hoover, W R Devore, G Weldy, S Gzeei^latt, H. Linderman, I. Goldstein, H. Fuller, R. McDowell, F. P.
Puryear, F. M. Lymch, Wm. Egnatz, W. Skinner, R, E. Lawrie, D. Ehinger, C. D Walkowiak, A S. Fuller, C. H. Humphrey, R, S, I411y, W. McAlpin, A. W.
Family —LAST DAY— Jane Withers
“The Holy Terror’ —and— Rochelle Hudson Michael Whalen in “Woman Wise”
TOMORROW — FRI. — SAT. William Boyd in ‘Hills of Old Wyoming’ —and— Arthur Treacher in “Step Lively Jeeves”
LES DAVIS, Pi Kay, took IRENE BOEHM to the house dance last week and now he’s putting out some cheap CIGARS he had ’em left over from somtin er other ... A. T O’s, FIELDING and FLATER, weie initiated with WOODY KNORR’S pm . last year FIELDING put said pin on fair lady and now “BULL” slaps same pin on his gal .. looks to me like the ownei of such article of barter should at least have . . . well some privileges the THETAS, in bulk, sent four (4) FISH tp CLARK LANGWORTHY, SIGMA CHI . . . names. BETTY, WALLY, SIS, and JARVIS ... Says Kim, quote, “Why BUY fish when you can get ’em from the DOG HOUSE and they’ll walk over’” . . SINCE WE ABE ON THAT SUBJECT . . . JOHNNIE FRANKS let ROSIE
The Show Event Lafayette Waits For'
The King and Queen of Swing!
mth Edward Ev*r«U Horton • Eric Bforo • iorotto Cowan • Kolll Nnr OaHlan>Wlllla« Stnp! BrithanfHarrttt Hoclor.
Here comes rhythm on roller skatesi
Starts Midnite Preview Saturday NEW MAIN
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
‘Coud you lend me a prisoner convicted for arson, dear, I can’t get the gas range to burn.”
BUDGE have his esteemed SIG pm to tote around and MARY HAGUE, Alpha Chi blank, isn’t wearing her KAPPA SIG pm any more ... BILL FEIGHNER had his pm out for a while, but now he and DOTTIE JOHNSON aie exchanging their respective house bids for dates . . . with one t’other . . . DEBRIS picnic yesterday afternoon for final blow and they got tight on three bucks worth of COKE ... by the way, SNOOPY, send in more, KIM loves ’em and thanks for everything . FAMOUS LAST LINES ... Drop over ter our booth m the CHOCOLATE SHOPPE . . . —KIM.
ARC —LAST DAT-
Wheeler and Woolsey in “Mummy’s Boys” —and— Mary Boland in “A Son Comes Home” —also— Cartoon Comedy
Lafayette Rainfall Largest Since 1929 During the month of April, 5.39 inches of ram fell here, making the total rainfall to date for the year 14 5 inches, it was recorded m the monthly report of the University weather bureau.
—TodayTwo First Run Features
—LAST day-
tomorrow — FRI — SAT Virginia Bruce Kent Taylor in “When Love Is Young”
—PLUS— “NAVY BLUES” with Mary Brian—Dick Purcell Warren Hymer
STARTS WEDNESDAY Double Feature
“Once A Doctor” with Jean Muir Donald Woods
“Killers of the Sea” with Capt. Wallace Casewell Jr.
LAST DAY
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
CARBURETOR YELLO-BOLE i New way of burning tobacco —better, cooler, cleaner. Car-buretor-Action cools smoke. Keeps IOC bottom of bowl absolutely dry. ^ I Caked with honey. At dealers' now. UPDRAFT
We Carry a Complete Assortment of YELLO BOLE PIPES H. G. (Dear) REBNER
WALTER WANGER
presents
CHARLES
BOytR-ARTHUR . HISTORYIS MAD! A! NIGHT with LEO CARRILLO TOMORROW — FRIDAY — SATURDAY Ida Lupino Ralph Bellamy
in
“Let’s Get Married” —and— Olivia DeHavilland Ian Hunter
V
“Call It a Day”4 A ■3
\ \ /c ’■Tf’l
Wednesday, May S, lfl&7
'J >,j li ■> ’f" D t tfflB ratDDE EZM>MENI>
-c,
i''
i _i.
SAE’s Lead After First Day- Of Track Meet
Yesterday evening the Sigma Alpb» Epsilon fraternity track squad once again led the intra-fraternity track meet held at Ross-Ade Stadium. The S. A. E. squad also led last year at this stage of the meet but were nosed out by the Phi Kappa Psi’s who showed an overwhelming burst of speed during the second day to come through victorious. The S. A. E. squad is lead-
ing by only a slim margin with
Alpha Chi Rho and Phi Kappa Psi trailing, in the same fashion as the meet of last season. The present leaders reached their rank by garnering first place honors in the discus throw and the pole vault. Drake hurled the discus for 113 feet to out throw Fanning and Ippolito by four and six feet respectively. The hardest fought event of the evening was in the pole vault where the S. A. E.’s gained a much needed five poiiifs to put them out in front. With four men remaining in the event, Oxley cleared the bar at 10 feet 6 inches on his last try to nose out the three remaining men, who were unable to pass the grade up to this time, and win the event for his fraternity. The other three remained tide for second place honors. Summaries: 100 Yard Dash—Shackleton (Beta) first; Simmons (Alpha Chi Rho) second; Harper (Phi Kappa Psi) third. Time—:10.6. Mile Run—Gaulke (Alpha Chi Rho) first; Lyles (Pi Kappa Phi) second; Walkey (Phi Kappa Psi) third. Time—6:36.6. 440 Yard Dash—Simmons (Alpha Chi Rho) first; Witwer (Triangle) second; Fisher (Phi Kappa Psi) third. Time—:52.2. 120 Yard High Hurdles—^Brown (Kappa Sigma) first; Deckard (S. A. E.) second; Harmon (S. A. E.) third. Time—:17.2. Shot Put—^Harper (Phi Kappa Psi) first; Brown (Kappa Sigma) second; Ippolito (Theta Chi) third. Distance—40 feet, 9 inches. Discus Throw—Drake (S. A, E.)
first; Fanning (Delta Upsilon) second; Ippolito (Theta Chi) third. Distance—113 feet. Pole Vault—Oxley (S.A.E.) first; Dearie, Campbell and Daugherty tied for second. Height—10 feet, 6
inches.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoif, 605 Main street. Phoae 2779.
Antiques—LUd glass, china, furniture,^ brass, pewter, silver, old fashioned prints, bric-a-brac. At Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
The Person—^Who took the drawing set from Desk 76, room 301, Golden Shops, return them or you will be reported to the Dean.
Lost—A white gold pearl set Kappa Sigma pin. Initials J. D. Re-
ward. Call 4031.
NOTICES No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
Gold Peppers—^DinPer for junior and senior Gold Peppers is postponed indefinitely. —SCUDDER.
Alpha Lambda Delta—^Initiation will be postponed until May 16. —PITTMAN. ^
Engrineering: Seniors—^Mr. H. L. Pearson
«DEAC”
General Machine & Boiler Work
HAS EVERYTHING *
Welding and Grey Iron Castings
for a
McGrath
COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Machine & Foundry
Sooth Third Street
This Week’s BIG TEN
OF VICTOR RECORDINGS
4*
1. Twilight In Turkey Milkmen’s Matinee 2. Kitchy-Mi-Koko-Isle On a Little Dream Ranch 3. The Love Bug Will Bite You Dreamy Eyes 4. Jam Session at Victor
playing:
Hunnysuckle Rose Blues
5. Black Eyes Blue Danube
6. Wanted (T. Dorsey) AU Dark People Are Light on ft Their Feet • 7. Jamboree (from “Top of Town Maple Leaf Rag « 8. That Foolish Feeling Where Are You *
9. Shine
Nagasaki • 10. Sym. No. 6 in B Minor (Pathetique) *
25568 25560
• 25548
• 25559
• 25556
25557
)
25496 25474 25558 M.337
Hear these and your other favorites at
McLBAN MUSIC CO.
514 MAIN STREET
M. H. Ingleman Defeats Coach Whitney In 18.2 Balk Line Handicap Play
M. H. Ingleman won a special handicap match at 18.2 Balk Line against Coach Frank E. Whitney, 160 to 171, in the Union billiard room Monday night. Whitney undertook to play 260, but Ingleman was in top form doling out in his next to last innifig with a beautiful run of 50 points, to make an average of 6 9-11. Whitney’s best run was 29 and an average of 7 17-22. Ingleman’s run of 60 and average of nearly 7 are both record breakers for the billiard room. 'The best previous average for the room was 4 2-7 made by Ingleman and tied by Gus Hunter and Lu Purcell who both graduated fast Jfine. Ingleman is also holder of high run of 427 at straight rail.
of the Central Illinois Gas Company, is considering; the employment of several senior cadet engineers. If you wish to be considered sign up in the office of the head of the school concerned. —WALTERS.
M. E. And I. E. Seniors—^Mr. i. L. Hoffman of the Cincinnati Milling Machine Company will interview mechanical and industrial engineers May 7. If interested sign up in Professor Young’s office. —WALTERS.
Mechanical Engineers—^Anyone interested in employment with the Illinois Tool Works of Chicago in applied mechanics work, report to Professor Young’s office. —WALTERS.
Independent Students—Petitions for the board positions in the Purdue Independent Association for 1937-38 must be turned in by May 7. The offices open are the following chairmanships: political, men’s social, men’s activities, women’s social, women’s activities, and campaign. _ Please state time available, position desired, experience, and references. —HERSH.
P. E. W. Horseback Riding;—^Prom now on the names of girls in horseba^ck riding classes will not be published every! day. Each girl will report at her scheduled time or notify the mam office before noon. —HAZELTON.
Condition Exam in Chemistry—^Examinations for removal of conditions in either Chemistry 117 or 118 will be held in the Chemistry Building May 8 from 1 to 4 p. m. —NEWTON.
Horticulture Club—^Meeting May 5 in Horticulture Building at 7 p. m. Pres. Sheetz will be in charge. —HYMEN.
English 121 Students—Sections A and B meet in room 201 of the Education Building, Sam for Wednesday and Friday classes. —SCHICK.
Alpha Phi Omega—Meeting of all members and pledges in room D of the Union Building May 5 at 7 :30 p m. —MERRIAM.
Cosmopolitan Club—Meeting May 7 at 7 ;16 p m. The place will be announced later. All members are urged to attend —CLEVENGER.
Glider Club—Flight schedules are posted in the garage —MOORE
W. A. A. Tennis—This game must be played by May 6: Conklin and Rose vs. Smith and Halstead
-JENKINS
Horticultural Society—Meeting in room 102 of the Horticultural Building at 7 p. m , May 5. Prof. C. L. Porter will give an illustrated lecture on mushrooms. -SHEETS
Purdue Student Alliance—^Meeting May 6 at 7:30 p. m in the Union ballroom. The peace strike will be discussed followed by an open forum on the subject “Shall We Take Sides In Spain?’’ All members are urged to be present. —BUCKLES.
Gimlet Club Members—There will be a meeting at 8 p. m on May 6 at the Sigma Phi Epsilon house —HODGDON.
Glider Club—Open meeting May 6 at 7:16 p. m. in room A of the Memorial Union Building New members hand in releases and pay up field and initiation dues. There will be no fiying for anyone who isn’t paid up to date —WILTSHIRK
Camera Club—Exhibition entry date has been moved up to May 7. —CLAYPOLE.
Independent Staff—Short meeting at 7 p. m. May 5. * —MEACHAM.
Sigma Delta Chi—Meeting at 7:30 p. m. May 6 in the Engineer office. —HARDIN.
Purdue Plying Club—Meeting May 5 in room C of Union. —CONWAY.
Mechanicals—All mechanicals wishing to submit papers for A S M E. student paper meeting, May 12, please call R. K Weldy at 46891. —WELDY.
Surveying 6—All students who have “C“ grades requiring an exam for removal should schedule the regular final exam June 2, 1-4, Get your permit slips before May 16. —TODD.
Festival Day—Compulsory rehearsal May 6 at 4 p m in the Memorial Gymnasium for complete cast of pageant —TANGERMAN.
WBAA Personnel—All people expecting to receive WBAA keys leave money at studio before g! p. m. May 6. —DAMMON.
Playshop Board Members — Important meeting m Playshop office at 4 p. m. May 6. —GLOVER.
Skull and Crescent—Pledges get recognition ribbons from Delta Upsilon house. —CABONARGI.
Union Committees—Our committees meet in the Union workshop May 6 at 4 p. m. Important. —CLAYPOLE, SHEETS, REITH.
Union Workers—All available workers report at the Union ballroom May 6 at 4 p. m to remove Prom decorations. —PFORZHEIMER.
Stamp Club—The Lafayette Stamp Club will hold its weekly meeting at 7 ;80 p. m. May 6 in the Tippecanoe County Historical Museum, at Seventh and Mam streets. —MILLER.
Alpha Zeta—Meeting at 7 ;80 p. m. May 6 m the Agriculturalist office. —HARDIN.
W. A. A. Archery—There will be an intramural archery tourney May 6; Chi O vs. Ward 2; Theta vs. Ward 3. In case it rains, the match will be played off the first available day. —WARD.
Red Cross—First Aid Class will meet May 5 at 7:16 in the Women's Gymnasium. —RUSSELL.
Track Team In Dual Meet At Greencastle
The Boilermaker thinlyclads will journey to Greencastle this afternoon for a dual meet with the DePauw track squad, in^ an attempt to get back into the victory column after the loss to Illinois last Saturday. With the Tigers not boasting of an exceptionally fine team this year. Coach Martin expects tne Boilermakers to take the meet with not much trouble. DePauw, has some pretty good men in the quarter-mile and half-rpile runs, as well as a fine hurdles man and a pole vaulter that has been reaching some high marks this year. Lemen, however,) should provide more than enough competition for the Tiger hurdler and Bodeau is expected to obtain another victory for the Boilermaker squad in the half-mile. Boilermaker Chances Good The dashes, as well as most of the field events should go to the Gold and Black men and with these points Purdue hopes to take the meet. The squad of 20 men that will be taken on the trip include: DeLong, Wadleigh, Lemen, Knapp, Marozick, Long, Sines, Goory, Moore, Terhune, Luther, Murphy, Stewart, Bodeau, Horton, Gutting, Grant, Burmeister. Lynch, and Captain Williamson.
Large Turnout For Freshman-Varsity Tennis Tourney
The freshman-varsity tennis tournament opened yesterday afternoon with about 60 men competing. Of this large number the four men who reach the semifinals and one or two others who show up well in matches will be awarded freshmen numerals. Although there is not much to judge from at the present time, a little can be told of the outcome of the freshman and all-campus tennis tournaments held last fall. In these tourneys H. A. Fuente, of Haverhill, Mass., G. E. Alexander., of West Lafayette, and P. T. Cooper, of River Forest, 111., showed up very well. These men are all back again this year and are seeking berths on the squad. From the indications of the large turnout and from some fine tennis that was played last fall, the freshmen should produce some fine material for the varsity squad next year.
BASEBALL
—TODAY— Diamond 1—Ward 17-a vs. Ward 27.
HORSESHOES
Ward Horseshoe Touranment will start today at 4 on courts east of the Armory.
Hmw flue#
Purdue Nine Faces Illinois At Champaign
The Boilermaker baseball aqaad will attempt to stop the lUini^s drihra for top position in the Big Ten standings today when they meet Illinois this afternoon at Chanipaign. Either “Lefty” Martin or Arnold Bredewater will be on the mound for Purdue’s squad when they take the field for the tough assignment this afternoon. Pat Malaska will he shifted to shortstop for today’s encounter, as Johnny Baker goes to center field and Gerald Bartz playing in the right comer. Carrol Mangas’ injured hand seems to be in pretty good shape and he will be assigned to the remaining field position. The squad will leave this morning at 8:30 so as to provide for a short rest before starting the game.
FRESHMAN TENNIS
TODAY— Gobeille vs. Lee. R. George vs. Blitz. Parrish vs. Billings. Glaze vs. Fuente or Tresselt. Michael vs. Close or Breiner. Breen vs. Colby. Frye vs. Heubner or Kochlas. McGrath vs. Meyer. White vs. Draper or Chapline. Mitchell vs. Schrader or G. George.
Your Money Goes Farther With Crown Cleaning Service
In addition to getting scientific cleaning and true form-press-ing, your woolen garments are moth proofed by Monite moth proofing process. No extra charge.
Crown Laundry
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
/J F'"" said,
“/ fhoughf f^\thre^f • ^ plaaty of MBm¥*8 i
n 41 iw^i '' 1. Y ‘ » I* ^ » 1 \
,Ul'‘ ^ ^
rt \ r/ I
.,'iii’ / »i(
^w»T ■ • - . '•. -'.... •'. . w^^y:WIW''
!>? ‘
CO-ED ^AGE...
liiilllillli
Co-ed Page Editors—Dorothea Justin and Sally McKee
Present Annual Co-ed Concert Mothers’ Day The second annual all co-ed concert will be given Sunday afternoon at 3 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall as a part of the University Mothers’ Day celebration. Last year the concert was planned by the music committee of the Y. W. C. A. under the direction of Mary Wien.
Directed by Albert P. Stewart, the girls’ glee club, which will be accompanied by Georganna Baker, will sing Gaines’ “Salutations” and Reichardt’s “In The Time of Roses.” Sylvia Zussin will give a piano solo Grieg’s “Sonata.” Eva Robertson, violinist accompanied by Kathryn Merritt, will play Mendelssohn’s “Spring Song” and “Venetian Love Song.” Arsene Summers, alto, accompanied by Lois Coffing, will sing “A Summer Night,” by Goring Thomas and “Lullaby” by Mrs. Edgar Taylor of Lafayette. Marian and Marjory Rogers will be accompanied by their mother, Mrs. V. C. Rogers, in their renderings of “Barcaolli” from Tales of Hoffman by Offenbach and “Song to the Evening Star” from Wagner’s Tannhauser. Georgianna Baker will accompany Janet Dooley who will sing Winterwatt’s “Little Shepherd Song” and “In a Luxemburg Garden” by Kathleen Lockhart Manning. “Cujus Animan” by Kuhe and “Mardi Gras” by Ferde Groffe will be played by Rosemary Robinson at the piano. Jayne Bennewitz will conclude the concert with harp solos, “Sextette From Lucia” as arranged by Thomas and “The World Is Waiting For the Sunrise” by Fietz and Thomas.
WKH, Chi O Nines Beat Alpha Chi’s, Ward 2 WRH’s baseball team defeated that of Alpha Chi Omega, 9-6, while the Chi Omega team won from the Ward 2 team, 11-9, yesterday afternoon in the last games of the tournament before the Festival Day Saturday. WRH is leading the American league teams with Ward 2 leading the National league. Monday Alpha Chi Omega will play Wards 1 and 4 and Pi Beta Phi and Alpha Xi Delta will oppose Ward 3.
Dr. Gilbreth To Speak Sunday At Mother’s Day Religious Convocation Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth will give an address entitled “The Home And College” at the annual Mothers Day religious Convocation Sunday morning at 9:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. This worship service is sponsored by the Y. W. C. A. The service will include an organ prelude by George Osborn; the Concert Choir will sing “Cast Thy Bur den Upon the Lord” from Elijah, by Mendelssohn, and “Nunc Dimites And Gloria” by Tschesnokoff. Pa^ tricia Jones, retiring president of the Y. W. C. A., will lead meditation and prayer. Dr. Gilbreth’s ad dress will be followed by the benediction and a choral Amen.
Pi Phi Mother’s Qub Holds Business Meeting Pi Beta Phi Mothers’ Club held its annual business meeting Monday afternoon at the chapter house with Mrs. Arthur McQueen presiding, The officers elected for the coming year are: president, Mrs. V. D. Sexson; vice-president, Mrs. Lawrence Wood; secretary , Mrs.'R. B. Wiley; corresponding secretary, Mrs. B. K Dicks; treasurer, Mrs. Clara Baugh
Co-eds Give Dance, Technique Study At Ball State Eleven Purdue co-eds presented technique studies and gave an original dance composition during the morning program of a dance symposium held at Ball State Teachers’ College on May 1. Other colleges represented were Indiana University, Indiana State, and the host school. Ball State. The Purdue representatives were: Josephine Cook, Floy Crepps, Kathryn Ann Cromer, Georgia Halstead, Helen Howard, Janis Meldahl, Dorothy Newman, Fay Pendergrass, Anne Suliot, Vera Sutherlin, and Pauline Swick. Miss Helen Ellis, instructor in physical education, and Mrs. Heinmiller, pianist, accompanied them.
Dorothy Shanks To Lecture To Co-eds “Home Economics in Business” will be the subject of Miss Dorothy E. Shank’s addresses today in the Home Economics Building. Miss Shank, director of the Research Kitchen of American Stove Company of Cleveland, O., will talk first to the 11 o’clock survey class in the Home Economics Auditorium and at 1 o’clock will lecture in room 109. All the meetings are open to the public. Any student wishing to arrange an appointment with Miss Shank should see Miss Beeman.
WBAA
Merritt, Campbell Win Co-ed Archery Matches Kathryn Merritt for Chi Omega defeated Ward I’s representative, Mary Jane Truax, with a score of 241 in the archery contest yesterday afternoon. Jean Campbell of Ward 2 was defeated by Barbara Dobson of Kappa Alpha Theta who had a score of 191.
NOTICE Dance programs and place cards at the right prices. LAFAYETTE PRINTING CO. 511 Ferry St.
SILKS and STRAWS 4 Hats to suit your personality. Distinctly new with suave stitching accents. Headsizes 21-24 - 3.95
NU-STYLE HAT SHOP
128 N. Third St.
Glf^E CJNDTs
A box of GLATZ’S home made chocolates and bon-bons are the sort of remembrance that excellently marks Mother’s special day.
In Attractive Gift Wrapping
Glatz’s Confectionery
586 MAIN ST.
LAFAYETTE
—TODAY— 11:00—American Institutions, Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Vocational Guidance, by Dr. J. E. Walters. 12:45—Market Reports. 1:00—Principles of Leadership, Prof. O. F. Hall. 1:45—Afternoon Melodies. 2:00—Cathedral Echoes, Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 2:15—Browsing Time, Mrs. Lloyd Josselyn. 2:30—Mrs. Edna Moore, piano 2:45—Melody Time. 3:00—Principles of Speech, by Robert Horn. 3:45—March Time. 4:00—PTA Program. 4:15—Safety Musketeers. 4:30—Robert Pettiner, accor dion. 4:45—Meditations, Rev. Doyle Mullen.
Bill Knapp Plays For Graduate Dames Dance Last Saturday night the Purdue Graduate Dames’ Club gave a spring dance at Duncan Hall, with Bill Knapp furnishing the music. During intermission Norman Montgomery, Phyllis Pasche, and Bob Boes entertained with songs and novelty dances. Audra Hamilton whistled a few novelty tunes. Punch and wafers were served. Mrs. S. B. Elrod was chairman of the committee on arrangements.
Harvard Places Forty Students On Probation For Showering Autoists Cambridge, Mass., May 4—(Special)—Showering autoists and pedestrians with a water barrage yesterday, 40 Harvard students today were placed on probation for the remainder of the semester by University officials. Fully 1,000 students participated in the riot, which was finally ended by police using tear gas bombs. The uniforms of the police were torn to shreds by the rioting culprits. Local tailors and pressers were doing a land-office business today.
Co-ed Studies How Vitamins Affect Night Blindness Vitamin A deficiency, with its effect on eyesight, is being studied by Wilma Miller, a graduate student in the home economics school, under the direction of Prof. Cecelia Schuck. A newly developed bio-photome-ter is the instrument which measures even slight variation from the normal rate of regeneration of visual purple, the phototropic substance in the eye which makes it possible to see light. Vitamin A is a necessary material for the production of visual purple. When the eyes are exposed to bright light such as the glare of automobile headlights, the amount of visual purple is depleted faster than it is regenerated, thus reducing sensitivity to light. This is called night blindness, which is a common cause of afterdark highway accidents. Twenty University co-eds are being rested for the effects of diet changes, as to what effect increased consumption of Vitamin A sources has on the eyes and production of visual purple.
Cathcart To Play At Co-ed Gingham Hop Jimmy Cathcart and his orchestra from Indiana University will play for the Gingham Gallop May 14 in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. Sponsored by Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary. The dance will be the last co-ed bid affair of the year. Jean Adkins announced that tickets, priced at one dollar, will go on sale at the various women’s residences on the campus and at the main Union Desk. Cathcart, who played for a time with Joe Sanders, “the old lefthander,” features the violin, which he plays, in many of his tune arrangements. His 11 man band is featured daily at the noon hour in the Indiana Union Building. Correct attire for the traditionally informal Gingham Gallop will be long or short cotton dresses.
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
STANDINGS
—National League—
Won Lost
Pittsburgh 8 2 St. Louis 7 4 New York 7 4 Boston 7 6 Philadelphia 6 6 Chicago 5 6 Brooklyn 4 8 Cincinnati ... .1 9 Yesterday’s Results Boston, 8; St. Louis, li* Pittsburgh, 10; Brooklyn, 3. New York, 7; Cincinnati, 6. Chicago, 14; Philadelphia, 7. —American League—
Won Lost
Detroit 7 3 New York 7 3 Boston 5 3 Philadelphia 4 4 Cleveland 4 5 Washington 4 7 Chicago 3 6 St. Louis 3 6 Yesterday’s Results Philadelphia-Chicago, rain. Washington, 12; Cleveland, New York, 10; Detroit, 1. Boston, 11; St. Louis 6.
Pet. .800 .636 .636 .538 .500 .454 .333 .100
Pet. .700 .700 .622 .600 .444 .363 .333 .333
6.
The Risk Dental Clinic OK. PAUL A. KISK OK. HAKOLD X »»K OK. KOBBKT G. KISK OK. LUTBKK A. RISK 400 Sehults Bldg. Phone 5701
Spring
The best method of reaching all the Purdue students is the Exponent.
These days of spring weather have brought a feeling of new life and new interests on the campus. Spring seems to have the characteristic of turning the students’ minds to thoughts of formal dances, outdoor sports, new clothes, week-end trips. All this means new business for Lafayette and especially for those merchants who help the students find the answer to their new \ demands.