' i‘,. r •'” / '.v-; Ac*V.‘'/,’’^^>. <1,1 J ^ "/ <'f^' ‘uM ‘ ‘ / ' / ' i'; ; V'/ .’• . ^ ,i? ,
r f- ¥
y
T S-J> ■‘;"1> 'V '/ , ‘ X t'" /"ij /-“I ’ V'li ! -- 1% i-/
Volume 5L No. 139
T1 J Piirciiie
mi
I \ !■" vf^^n An t JaJ dRb jUi'^ JL H JL JL li
'” ,t
W04md*fy. mtek 2$, 1940
\] »
i <
I*' \
I'l ^
I t
University Announces All-Campus Scholastic Standings ^ Alpha Chi Rho Continues To Lead Fraternities | QQQ H^ar EostCf CanfatO
'The Last Words Of Christ'
Campus News
Prof. p. €. Robbins ... rtf the ‘agrojaomy department -vms in charge of the eighth annual gi'iain school held Mo^ay and Tuesday, 0. p. Wise, Federal Grnin p^jeyi^pjp i^om Chicago, Fped Palg, Sf^rj^tpfy pf the Indiana Cfi^aip JOnnl^Fil Prpfesspr l^qhhiins den^of pirated tl^e^use of the school’p latest grain grading equi|»ment on corn, oats, and soybeanp. The 43 grain and elevator men attending wfre given instruction and an opportunity to practice using the equipment. Student Branch ... of AgME will hold a discussoin meeting in the mechanical engineering building Thimsday, ^arch 21, at 7:80 p. pa. Papers, each t5 minutes fp Ippgth, will be given by G. B. Kirkpatrick, P. A. Clark, and J. K. Bryan. « Representatives ... of the Bureau of Sanitary Engineering of the Indiana State Board of Health co-operated with the University in conducting the third annual conference for almost 100 operators of public and private pools. Operation problems took up the main part of the morning program. juniors And Seniors ‘ ... from all high schools in Tippecanoe County met yesterday morning in the Union to begin the second annual student guidance conference. This conclave was one of 70 which have been held throughout Indiana during this school year, and was sponsored by the schools with the co-operation of the Committee on Educational Co-operation in Indiana. Selected seniors from the West Lafayette High School were chairmen foip the morning discussion groups, which were divided according tq the career fields. Each prpfessiop and trade was represepted by a g^oup and students attended the three grdups ni which they were most interested. Six Eds To Vie For Forensic Honors Tomorrow Night Finals for the Hanley Speech Contest for engineers wfU h® h®ld tomorrow night at 7:30 ip Fowler Hall. Those still remaining in the contest are: W. D. Croft, senior, speaking on “What Price Tenancy?”; Clyde Stewart, senior, “The Economy of a Pan-American Highway”; W. J. Harris, senior, “Big Steel”; Gordon Belles, sophomore, “Humanity in Engineering”; Jack Myracle, freshman, “There is Black Gold Under Them Thar Houses”; Norman Gessley, freshman, “It Must Be a Monoply.” Judges for the contest will include: A. H. Kemmer, Lafayette Contractor; Prof. A. H. Monroe, speech dept.; Prof. Leland Winch, speech dept.; Prqf. A. A. Potter, Dean of engineering; and Prof. G. R. Thornton, of the Applia4 P®y“ chology dept. Chairman for the contest is Prof. Arm. First prize is 35 dollars, and the other prizes range down to five dol-
lars.
Going Up, Up, Get Yours Now! Only about 100-more Dehris will be available for sale after today, R. C. McNiel, business manager, announced. The book is about ready to go to press and will be available about May 7, he stated.
An all-student average of 5*74 for the first semester of this ye^r is the University median indicated by the compilation of scholastic statistics released yesterday through the office of
the dean of men.
Broken down into smaller sections, the all-student average app§g.rs as follows: fraternity mep, 3.82; non-fratemity men, 3.fi7; all men, 3.70; sorority women, 4.09; non-sorority women, 3.89; all womem 3.94 ;Qrgahis!^ mew and womem 3,88; nop-organized men and women, 3.71. The apparent discrepancy between the grades pf/organized and unorganized students is partially explained by the fact that one grpnp includes no freshmen grades and the other is largely composed of f eshmpn. prosh g^adi^s are Iqwey thah those of any other class. Social group scholastic ratings are as follows:
National Social Fraternities: Average Standing Acacia 3.94 Alphq Chi Rho 4.40 Alpha Guptma Rho 4.08 Alpha Kappa Lambda 3.92 Alpha Plgma Phi 3.88 Alpha Tau Omega 3.68 Beta ^igma 4.21 Beta 7heta Pi 3.81 Delta Chi 3.67 Delta Tuu Delta 3.79 Delta Up^ilou 3.58 Kappa Delta Rho 3.60 Kappa Signjia 3.74 Lambda Chi Alpha 3.92 Phi Delta Theta 3.73 Phi Gamma Delta 4.16 Phi Kappa 3.68 Phi Kappa Psi 3.84 Phi Kappa Sigma 3.87 Phi Kappa Tau 4.00 Phi Sigma Kappa 3.86 Phi Kappa Alpha .. 3.88 Phi Kappa Phi 4.20 Sigma Alpha Epsilon 3.79 Sigma Alpha Mu h 4.06 Sigma Chi 4.00 Sigma Nu 3.70 Sigma Phi Epsilon 3.49 Sigma Pi 3.53 Tau Epsilon Phi 3.73 Tau Kappa Epsilon 3.62 Theta Chi 3.78 Theta Tau 3.69 Theta Xi ± 3.89 Triangle . ... 4.19 Sororities: Alpha Chi Omega ... 4.16 Alpha Xi Delta 3.94 Chi Omega 4.22 Delta Gamma Cplony 4.29 Kappa Alpha Theta 4.23 Kappa Kappa Gamma 4.00 Phi Mu 3.92 Pi Beta Phi 3.98 Honorary: Alpha Lambdq Delta 4.84 Alpha Phi Omega 4.26 Alpha Zeta 4.76 Catalyst 4.47 Ceres 4.69 Chi Epsilon 4.61 Delta Rho Kappa 6.18 Dolphin 3.86 Eta Kappa Nu 4.88 Iron Key 4.35 Kappa Delta Pi 4.70 Kappa Psi ' 4.49 Mortar Bqard 4.69 Oiqicron Nq 4.81
Average Standing Phi Lambda Upsilon 6.18 Pi Tau Sigrpa 5.02 Scabbard and Blade 4.50 Sigma Dleta Chi 4.44 Sigma Delta Psi 3.97 Skull and Crescent 4.11 Tau Beta Pi 6.80 Tau Kappa Alpha 4.91 Theta Alpha Phi t 3.98 Xi Sigma PI 4.99 Men’s Resid^nc^ Halls and Annexes: Cary Hall—^East 3.61 Cary Hall—North 3.56 Cary Hall—Northwest 3.84 Cary Hall South 3.72 Cary Hall—West 3.69 Cary Hall Aunqx—777 Russell St. 3.62 Cary Hall Annex—781 Russell St. 8.83 Oliver Perkins Terry House 3.87
17
Men’s House Clubs and Co-Operative Houses;
14-15
Bachelor’s Haven
3.62
15
3
Bastille
3.61
16
20-21
Bivouac ,
. 3.76
11
7
Chauncey House, S. C. A
. 4.17
1
8-9
Circle Pines, S. C. A
. 3.97
7
26
Culture Hall
4.16
2
35
Dover ilouse
3f66 3.22
14
33 '
Halcyon House
19
24-25
Kawaga House, S. C. A
.3.48
18
29
Luma House, S. C. A
.. 4.11
4-5
22 ,
Marwood House, S. C. A
. 4.02
6
30
Purdue Only >.....
. 3.77
9-10
13
Rochdale House, S. C. A
. 4.11
4-5
4
Salisbury House, S. C. A
. 3.77
9-10
State House
3.85
8
Stellar Hall
. 3.63
17
4
Uni-Tri-Versity
3.71
12-13
7
Wesley Boy’s House, S. C. A
.. 3.71
12-13
3
Westminster House, S. C. A
..4.13
3
2 6
Women’s Residence Halls: Women’s Residence Hall—North
3.91
1-2
8
Women’s Residence Hall—South Women’s Residence Hall—^West
3.86
3
6
3.91
1-2
8
Women’s House Clubs: Ann Tweedale House, S. C. A
.3.69
14
20
Brockway House, S. C. A
. 3.89
12
10
Coedda
3.76
' 13
17
Collegianna v
4.00
8
12
Glenwood Rouse, S. C. A
. 4.16
3-4
14
Mr^. Brewer’s House
.4.12 /
7
2-3
Otter-Be-Inn
3.94
9
24
S. H. E. Hrtuse
4.13
6
7
Thaeles
4.40
1
19 ,
The Gables
4.14
5
11
Theophilus Thirteen
. 3.91
10-11
16
The Riley Rouse
. 4.16
3-4
13
Twin Pines House, S. C. A
3.91
10-11
9
White House
4.33
2
Periodical Features tbeta cm
Heinfon, Fore Articles
“The Use of Electric Light Traps in the Control of the European Corn Bqror,” an article by Q. A. Flcht, associate in qptomology of the University agricultural experiment station, and T. E. Heinton, and J. M. Fore, of the University agricultural engineering staff, is featqred ip the March issue of “Agricultural Engineering,” a monthly periodical. It is pointed out in the article that while sepqnd hfood 4n4 successive plantings complicate control, lights uniformly distributed over corn 12 feet high and at the rate of 2,000 watts per acre caught significant numbers of the female boreys. These are the exact specljications for fhe best results. The expeyimentation to date indicates that light intensity and size of luminous area is important and that new high-efficiency lamps are promising for this application. The article emphasized that while the method is not yet recommended, it appears to be promising in corn of high value.
. . . social fraternity, announces the installation of the following officers; John Davis, president; Fred DeWitt, vice-president; Roger Bone, secretary; Bob McKenzie, treasurer; Charles Welter, marshal; Art Foltz, house manager; Henry Eigelsbach steward; Bob Breeden, assistant treasurer; Frank Freihery, first guard; Bud Callahan, second guard; Ray Miles, chaplain; Rill Leineweber, librarian; Michael
Papamanoli, historian.
PM Mu
. . . social sorority, announces the following officers: president. Jape Weaver; vice-president; Mary Ann Green; vice-president, Alma Schnaible; secretary, Maribeth Sharp; treasurer, Gladys Cox; co-rush chairmen, Betty Trexler and Mary Ruth Thornburg; scholarship chairman, Martha Moon; activities chairman, Doris Henninger; social chairman, Mary Ruth Thornburg; historian, June Darrow; and editor, Ann Woolley.
“The Last Words of Christ,” an Easter cantata, was heard last night by a crowd of 1,000 people in Eliza Fowler Hail. The cantata was sung by the University choirs accompanied hy the
University orchestra.
I I I'll I . The program was under the dheee-
tion of AJ Stewart, Univeraity music director, who led the singmg portions and Joseph Ragaiqs, di-
rector of the ordhestya.
The cantata is composed of eight parts — Introduction, the Srtrpn Words, and Prayer. The seyep words are simg by soloists with the back-
ground by the chpirs.
The choirs rohed in gold and white were arranged in a smni-circle on the stage which is surmoonted by a large lighted cross. Soft lights illuminated the stage proper while a spotlight furnished light for the orchestra inunediately in front. The cantata will be sung again tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8. Soloists for the cantata were: Alberta Schmadel, soprano; Marjorie Williamson, sqprano; ^ary Johnston, soprano; Elmer Carqpire, tenor; Marvin Smith, tepor; Harold Schulte, tenor; George Meginnis, tenor; Charles Powell, baritone; Donald Pyke, baritone; Robert Stanley, bass; Joseph Shepard, bass. C
Officials Fix Deadline For Bridge Tourney Eniries Entry blanks for the Union Championship Bridge Tournament must be turned in at the west desk of the Union by 5 p. m. today. Blanks are available for those desiring them. Entering teams should be composed of four players who may or may not be affiliated with the organization. Marge Seibert and Gene Brooks, vice-presidents of the Union, are in charge of the tourney. Representing ... the University at educational conferences to be held off the campus this week willlbe Dr. B. L. Dodds and Dr. B. C. Lawsqn of the department of Education and Applied Psychology. Dr. Dodds will speak at the regular meeting of the Indiana Schoolman’s Club at the Claypool Hotel in Indianapolis. Dr. Lawson will serve as general chairman of the j^pyth Genti^l Regional Qonfer-^ ence at Hotel Morrison in Chicago.
Coed Organizations Will Elect Officers From 8 To 5 Today WSGA, YWCA, and WAA' will hold their election of officers today in the great hall of the union. Any co-ed showing her passport may vote for WSGA officers. Only members of YWCA and WAA may vote in the election of officers for those organizations. WSGA Nominees:
President Jane Black
Joyce Burnham Paula Zwierlein
Secretary
Mary Jean Hutchison Agnes McCulloch
Treasurer June Cloae
Mary (Ellen Scarff Junior representative Mary Jane Bird Mary Ann Carpenter Sophomore representative ' Florence Croll Helen Schickler YWCA Board Nominees:
President
Ruth Bryant Thelma Bugher
Treasurer
Jane Julin , Jane Blind <
Secretary
I Katherine Long Bonnie Swope WAA Nominees:
President
Jane Fishleigh Eileen Westover Vice-President Eleanor Harrison Opal Glagrave
Secretary
Katherine Ade Mary Pidgeon Symphony Records Now Ready For Sale Schubert’s Symphony llo. 8 in B Minor will go on sale this morning at 9 o’clock in Lafayette. This will be the first of the music to be distributed in the Lafayette Music Appreciation campaign. Albert P. Stewart, University choral director, and Dr. F. R. Martin of the chemistry department are the cochairmen of the campaign committee. Miss Helen L. Walters will be in charge of headquarters. Nine other great symphonies will be distributed at the rate of one every Wednesday and for the week following. Back stock of each will be kept on hand. Students may place their orders, accompanied by money, with the Student Union office or at Decker’s. Passports will be required at the Union office. Each symphony seels for only $1.59, or $2.39 with the al-
bum.
Dr. Peter Dykema, noted music educator, and now professor of music at Columbia University, will speak here March 27 to a group qf music lovers in behalf of the campaign.
Lions Will Banquet Tonight In Union Over two-hundred Lions Club members and their wives will be guests at a dinner given by the Lafayette Lions Club tonight in the Union in honor of the organization and the twentieth anniversary qf the local club. Karl M. Sorrick, first vice-presi-dent of Lions International from Jackson, Michigan, will be the guest speaker and Professor Robert Phillips of Lafayette will act as toastmaster. Edward H. Paine, third yicepresident of the organization from Michigan City, will also have a part in the program. The occasiop will be the homecoming for the clubs that have been sponsored by the Lafayette Club- As special guests will be the four past International directors and aU past presidents of the local club who attend will be seated together in a group. Processor J. H. Lefforge is general chairman of the anniversary program.
Win Championship Game Last night in the Fieldhouse, the annual Purdue battery basketh^ championships was contested With Battery A-2 defeating A-4, 23-17 ip a heated battle that was not withoi|t its sportsmanship. Captain Larr ways pleased with the entire ip which the tourney |ind especially th© championship game was contested. A-2 led 11-2 at the close of tl^ first half, but a spirited Ipst half rally by The losers almost sent the game into a different story. Members of the winning team were O’Shaughnessy, Emers<>d> Wolford, Quakenbush, Purdfi Corners, Barnes, Cleyeling, Gigax, and Johnson. The members of the A-4 squad were; Venis, L^hejt, Gatewood, Hopping, tddesten, Wilson, and Bennett.
PM Mu
,. . social sorority, announces the initiation of the following: Mildred Browning, Indianapolis; Elaine Carson, Bremen; June Darrow, Indianapolis; Joan Koemer, Lafayette; Martha Moon, Crawfordsville; Ann Ifierce, Lafayette; and Ann Woolley, Richmond.
Students, Facility Under the direction of the Purdue ReligiouB Coi|ueih Week Service will he in EBxa Fowler Hall each, day, Mouffiiy to Friday melusiv^ March IS22, daring the noon hour, 12;2S to 12:50 p. m. Edward C. EUlioth Presideal.PURP0E EXPONENT
Wednesday/ March 20/ 1940
University graduates and staff members will take an active part in sessions of the sixth annual Chemhrgio Conference of Agriculture, Industry and Science in Chicago March 27, 28, and 29.
David E. Ross, president of the hoard of trustees is vifee-president of the National Ghemurgic Councih Dr. H. R. Kraybill, head of the University ag chem department, will speak on “Recent Developments in Soybean Oil,” and Dean H. J. Reed will preside over the session on state experiment stations.
On the program will be E. J. Johnson, ’17, K. F. Rathbun, ’10, and K. F. Seulke, ’13. Other speakers, who were in attendance at the Farmersr Manufacturers conference on the campus late in February, will be Dr. J. L. Coulter, Washington, D. C., Louis Taber, Columbus, Ohio, wheeler McMillen, Philadelphia, Pa., and Dr. Harry Barnard, Columbus, Ohio.
Fred Gddsmith
Classified
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Typewriters. AU makes, standard : and . ponbable, s<dd, purchased, rented and repaired. New iwjrtaWe machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershefl, 606 Main street.
Student Washing:—Special Price. Call for and deliver. Work guaranteed. Phone 7468.
1934 .TEURAPliANE convertible coupe. Good condition. Sell at sacrifice. Name your terms. T. M. Patrick, phone 8421.
FOR SALE: ‘29 Model ‘A' Ford condition. Call F. S. Bremer, 6083.
Good
FOR RENT Robs—^Rent-dk-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 71644.
LOST AND FOUND Found—Parkette Pern Grant street near CE hnilding. Owner claim. 246 Wood.
Lost: A P sweater Wednesday at Athletic Carnival. Sure would like to have sweater. Reward. Call 6028.
ytMiS
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
IHE SEASON'S SCARIEST AND SCREWIEST THRILLER
DILLER!
She's caplIvatins..they'K palpitating.. H’s devasto ting! A gieat,gay mystery yarn about two muidered Uondes and a gyratious brunette who unmasked
the Lady-Killers!
-LAST DAY-
CLARK GABLE JOAN CRAWFORD — IH — '^STRANGE CARGO'
Notices
Ne MttMa wfil he aeeepted aft«r • ^ au
Exponent Co-ed Staff : There will be a coed edition on . Wednesday night, March 20. AU freshman and sophomores are exp^ted to work. Report to office at 4 p.' m. —SHILLING.
Pi Tan Sigma : Important meetihg 'Wednesday, March 20, at 4 p. m. Ih the mechanical engineering reading room. Selection of pledges. EILERING,
MB SI CondltioMi Examination vriU be
Independent Staff: Editorial and advertising workers, read notice on buUetin board before leaving on spriiig vacatioti. Very important. A —ARCHIBALD.
Activities Bnrean Advisory Board: Important meeting Wednesd^, March 20, at 4 p. m. in room 803 of the Union. —JORGESON.
tTiiiversity Bowlers: There will he a meet- . ing of the University Cliib bowling league Thursday, March 21, in room 268 of the Union at 4:20 p. m. Any teams' Interested in entering.next year’s tournament, have a . representative at this meeting. —^HANSON.
Eta Kappa Nu : Important meeting for all actives and pledges Wedneiiday, March 20, at 4 p. m. in the reading room of the electrical engineering building. —KEEN.
Sweethearts Cast: Thursday, March 21, rehearsal cancelled. —STEWART,
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Wednesday, Mfurch 20, at 7:30 p. m. in room 802 of the Union. Election' of pledges and officers. —McCAMMON.
hold in room 801 of the MB building on
BQl
Saturday, April 6 at 1 p. m. AU who inlend
to take tbia makeup ahonid notify the nnderaigned before 12 noon Saturday, March 28, —MESSBRSkOTH.
Purdue Engineer Will Burwell, Traylor, Koehl, and Leighton please report to the office Wednesday, March 20, at 4 p. m. —LANTZ,
Senior Military: PleaSe return the proof of the photograph that you desire placed in the class picture to SJr. Hinea prior to noon Saturday, March 28. —PICKERING.'
Penalty Dates: Daring the. present semester there, wiU be two peii^ty da-tes. From noon March 22 to noon March 28 and April 1. Theee dates represent tile 24 hour period before and after spring recess. Absence from a resmlar meeting of any class during these periods will result in a fine of $6 for each 24 hour period or fraction thereof missed. —FISHER.
Camera Club: Studio night,: Wednesday, March 20, at 7:80 in room 804. There will be models, and every member should attend WITH his camera. i —GEPHART.
Chess CMb: Regular meeting of 'the Chess: Club Wednesday, March 20, in room B of the Union. . ' —goEf,
Newman Club: Discussion group I 'will meet Wednesday, March 20, at 7:80 p. 'm. invoam 286 of the Union. Group ll will meet Thursday, March 21, at 7:30 p. m. in room 286, —GARTY.
Horticulture Club: Meeting 'Wednesday, March 20, at 7 :30 p. m. in the horticulture building. Be there. —VAUGHAN. -
PIA Board: Important meeting Thursday, March 21/at 4 p. m. in PIA office. - —MYERS.
PIA Dance blass: Regular meeting will be held Wednesday, March 20, at 7:80 p. m. in the south Union ballroom. —LUTZ.
Delta'Rho Kappa: Meeting Wednesday, March 20, at 7:46 p. m. in room 268 of the Union. Two speakers. Please come. —BSTEY.
M E 30: Make-up test-2 to he held Wednesday, March 20, at 4 :15 p. m. in room 8 of -Ae ME building. See Phelps, room 1, before Wednesday noon if time is not convenient: —PHELPS.
Silver Mask: Meeting in' room 805 of the Union at 7:16 p. m., Thursday, March 21. All woul^he fencers please be present. —NEPTUNE.
... assistant dean of men, spoke yesterday evening in the Federal Building to the reserve officers of this section on the subject, “Fifth Corps Area Protective Plans.” Dean Goldsmith, a major in the field artillery reserves, has recently returned from a tour of active duty at Fort Hayes, Ohio.
Lost: Gold Eversharp Fountain Pen near Union or Library. Reward. Call A. Arkin, 7724.
Lost: Log log slide rule No. 300011 Saturday at 12:16 p. ,m. between Mechanical Engineering building arid Physics building. Please return to main office Mech. Eng.
Lost: Gruen Wrist Watch, Chromium with white gold case. Keepsake, Reward. Rasinussen. 36558.
LOST: One Wahl pen. Green with James R, Bairi stamped on the side. Liberal Reward; no questions asked. Call 61403. Thanks.
Gala Week: Meet in PIA office at 4:45 p. m. Thursday, March 21, for very short time. —ARCHIBALD.
Purdue Gymnastic Club: All members of the club who are to perform in the meet with Williams College are 'to workout their exercises by April 6. Practice is bring held every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, from 4 to 6 p. m. at the Fieldhouse. —MIDDLETON.
Flying Club: Very impoirtant meeting on Wednesday, March 20, at 7 p. m. in' room 212 of the Union. Plans will be discussed for the Washington Conference and N. I. F. C. meet. All' members who have logged any time in the past year bring log booked record. —KIMBALL.
Glider Club: Meeting Friday, March 22, at 7:16 p. m., room 804 of the Union. —MILLER.
LUNA
—Tom©rr©w - Fri. - Sat.— TWO FIRST RUN HITS
■—ALSO — ZANE GREY'S
LAST DAY—2 FEATURES 'Crisc© Kid and the Lady' — AND — BORIS KARLOFF in "The Tower of London"
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
THEY WERE MEANT FOR EACH OTHER ... JUST LIKE THUNDER AND LIGHTNING!
-LAST DAY-
PRISCILLA LANE — IN '3 Cheers ,for the Irish'
Going Homo For Easfer?
Travel in Student Parties to Chicago, Cleveland, Ruffalo and New York SATURDAY, MARCH 23rd CHICAGO NEW YORK
Lv. Lafayette.: Ar. Chicago
.12:45 p.m. CT ..3:15 p.m. CT
Lv. Lafayette 12:30 p.m. CT Ar. New York ...8:00 a.m. ET
CLEVELAND arid BUFFALO Lv. Lafayette.... 12:30 p.m. CT Ar. Cleveland :8:15 p.m. ET Ar. Buffalo ...11:59 p.m. ET Ticket for the above paints must be arranged for and purchased at STUDENT senate OFFICE, Room 360 Union Building from March 19 to March 22 Inclusive between 4 p. m. and 6 p. m.
Herbert Fishburn, Pres. Student Senate
Phone 4005
New York Central System
CJwcIl thsL
energy was saved
because you cut
OAnimL
Make it a habit to walk through the Union when your around "the corner”. It's a shortcut to meeting someone you know, or some place you're going. Everyday is on activity day here. Why not take port in it, and be one of the crowd?
JhsL
TthufnifmiL lAjnhfL
The Comer of the CampueYet the Center of Activities
THE IDEAL WAY TO ENJOY COLOGNE
lUCIEN LELONG'^ ATOMIZER FlAi ^ [25
• For the utmost enjoyment of his Colognes Lucien Lelong pro vides an atomizer flacon that you’ll adore. Complete vyith one of his famous fragrances—Whisper, Gardenia, Eau de Cologne, French Lavender and Giac6 Cooling Cologne $1.25
• Lucien Lelong’s Mon Image, Opening Night and Indiscret Colognes in Atomizer Hacon. $1.50
DECKER’S
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
ARC
^LAST DAYr
THURS. - FRI. - SAT.—
STOP, LOOK AND LOVE SOUTHWARD HO DAREDEVILS OF THE RED CIRCLE
m-
^4
NEW LUXURIOUS SEATS
LiAici
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE She's a TNTornado!
DONALO WOODS RADIO Picture
RKO
— PLUS — THE RETURN OF DR. X — WITH — WAYNE MORRIS HUMPHREY BOGART
STARTS TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
and an of it
RONALD REAGAN
— PLUS — CHASING TROUBLE —WITH — FRANKIE DARRO
/ V
Beat The Price Rise
TODAY IS
THE DAY
This is YOUR last chance to buy your 1940 DEBRIS for $4.50.
mo
OebjuA.
CompIsdSL CoMfUJUL QoVBJUUfiL
moh' i
Wednesday. March 20. 1940
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
mamswA
ceive their letter P’s and be pledged to Sportswoman, women’s athletic honorary. Freshmen will receive numerals for 'having earned 100 points.
as to their membership in WAA pr to the niunber of points they must have to vote are asked to see the list before going to vote. Voters must have their passports.
Alpha Chi Rho
Speakers at the WAA sports banquet tomorrow at 5:30 in the Honle Economics Cafeteria will be Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, resident faculty member and consultant engineer, who will speak on “The Trained Women As a Volunteer’’ and Hedwig Remek, a German exchange student, who will speak about sports in Germany. WAA officers will be announced and introduced. Those who have earned 1,000 WAA points will re-
Mary Lee Hickman is in charge of ticket sales which are on sale in the Union, sorority houses, residence halls, and the WAA office for 60 cents.
All names of girls eligible to vote in the WAA elections being held today in the great hall of the Union froi^ 8 a. m. to 4 p. ijnt. are on a list posted on the bulletin board in the women’s gym. Girls whd are in doubt
Finals of the badminton, pingpong, shuffleboard, and fencing tournament will be played today at 4 o’clock. Those participating in the fencing tomrnament are Patsy McFarland, Olive Metzger, Mary Louise Laswell, Shirley Emhoff, and Roberta Bueckele.
the team have not yet been announced.
-waa-
Today at 4 th^ all-star basketball game will be played. Members of
‘ r
eiJffgE ERAFf
HOLLYWOOD SUITS
Smfuui mmMl DIXON
*25
Here are the dashing new suits that have made California famous for men's style, as well as for sunshine and oranges! They're the devil-may-care type of clothes worn by famous screen stars in their private lives . . . politely plundered by Dunbar Dixon, Clipper Craft's ace Hollywood fashion scout. They'll broaden your shoulders, slim your hips, give you that rugged, tweedy outdoor look. These swanky Dunbar Dixon suits are exclusive with us; be the first in your crowd to wear one!
>s a revolutionary method of cooperation between one famous manufacturer and 500 leading retailers. I his Plan permits huge savings on vast purchases of fine fabrics. Production is planned on an annual basis, eliminating wasteful “peaks and valleys.” Both we and the manufacturer take a smaller-than-usual unit profit. That is why in Clipper Craft we can offer you a value unequalled in America!
USE OUR BUDGET PLAN 1st Choice . . . $5.00 Down Balance Over 10 Weeks 2nd Choice ... Vs Down Balance Over 2 Months
ASK ABOUT THIS PLAN
EXCLUSIVE WITH
500MAIN ST
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Robert Van Duesen, Grange, N. J.
ChiEpsiloa
Girls for next year’s WAA council will be selected tonight by the old council at 9 o’clock. The only girls to be considered will be those who have filled out applications.
With the official opening of spring only one day away (March 21) the scene is even more glorified by the new bus line which has come into use this week. Soon the much-talked-of Lafayette street cars will be ohly a legend to pass on as new frosh classes enroll in the University and take rides on the streamlined buses of our fair city. H&H Speaking of rides, you will really get your money’s worth if you board the bus at Cary Hall and ride over through town to the end of the line. Longest ride in the world for a nickel. We know. We took one.
. . . Civil Engineering honorary, announces the pledging of the foL lowing men, R. A. Srffil, Hobart; A. D. M. Le»is, PaoH; M. L. Mass, River Forest, HL; W. C. Martin, Frankfort; M. L. Norris, Larwill; A. W. Kettler, Fort Wayne; 6. R. Campbell, Canal Zone; M. Cash, Gary.
WBAA
H&H In a more serious vein, we are sorry more students were not privileged to hear Dr. Lillian Gifbreth’s talk on enjoying beauty in the world about us. Dr. Gilbreth spoke to the sophomore and junior girls in the University who made distinguished ratings last semester, and who were the guests of Mortar Board at a Smarty Supper last Sunday night. The talk was an inspiration to all who heard it.
11:00—Far East Problems 11:50—^Purdue News 12:00—Farm Facts For Farm Folks 12:16—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—^Monitor News* 1:00—^Religious News 1:15—^Meditations 1:30—Our Wonder World 1:46—Markets 2:00—^Musical Reviews 2:30—The Bookman 2:46—Hymn Echoes—Mrs. Irvan Jackson 3:00—^Home Decorator 3:16—Jane Caldwell 3:30—Ether Editor 4:00—Slums Cost You Money 4:16—Campus Interviews . 4:46—Story Book Hour
H&H
With a certain amount of rushing around, most campus people will arrive^ home in time for Easter Sunday. A great many traditions have been built up around this day which have little to do with the religious aspect. The word, Easter, is derived from an old pagan festival in honor of Easter, a Saxon goddes of spring and dawn. In most homes it is celebrated by the family taking a trip to church—all wearing a new outfit of clothes. That is unless their
children are in college. Then they just go to church. H&H Ballrooms iu the Union building win be empty and qmet this weekend because of Holy Week. But comes the following week after spring vacation and Jack McLean will bring his band here for the PIA convention dance. Then things will be rolling again with the spring formals. Mortar Board dance. Prom, and a few other minor events.
Buy Your ARROW Shirts and Ties
at
DEWENTER’S
416 Main Street
SPRUCE UP FOR SPRING
T he campus will soon be alive with bourgeoning buds, green grass and spring splen-
dor.
Don’t mar the landscape with 1939 leftovers . . . get some new Arrow shirts, ties, handkerchiefs and underwear. They’ll lift your spirits to a new high.
New patterns, new collars, new colors, new life. See the special Easter Arolyn $2 shirt and $1 tie feature today.
{Your dealer has it!)
ARROfV SHIRTS
Sanforized-Shrunk f/a6Hc Mhrinkase iess than i%-*-*p«rmanent jSl gitoranfoiNlJ
Complete line of Arrow Shirts
GULLION’S In the yOIage
til/ /
!WB
t‘'^‘ ^ . ^ { sHj'rf ''■ hi ,v ^ 'h-^'nlv
PURDUE EXPpNENT
Wednesday! March 20, ld40 ^
Personnel Nates
Complete bulletins with the companies lifted below, aire posted on the bulletin boards or the schools from which interviewed will be chosen. Those interested should read these bnlletine and companr literature available, then sign up for consideration on the proper list in Sm asatai office of their school. Mr. D. E. Bright, president, Gen-E-Motor Corporation, Chicago, Illinois, is interested in interviewing ME and EE engineering seniors living near Chicago during spring vacation. (8-22) The Beveridge Paper Company, Indianapolis, Indiana, plans tp eipploy a senior engineer for training in millwright supervision. (3-22) Mr. G. A. Luburg, assistant chief engineer, Brewster Aeronautical Corporation, Long Islan4 City, N. Y., is interested in ME and CE seniors for engineering work. (3-22) Mr. James E. Diamond, engineering department, Pratt and Whitney Aircraft Division, United Aircraft Corporation, East Hartford, Connecticut, plaps to employ a few outstanding junior ME’s for summer work. (S-22) Mr. D. H. Griffin, personnel director, P. R. Mallory Company, Indianapolis, Indiana, manufacturers of electrical equipment, .plans to employ a senior in metallurgical engineering for development work. He is also interested in seniors and graduate physicists. He also wishes to employ electrical engineering juniors for building test equipment next summer. (3-22) Mr. J. E. Clark, personnel director, Allison Engineering Company, Indianapolis, Indiana, manufacturers of liquid-cooled airplane engines will visit Purdue Thursdayj, March 21st, to interview ME seniors. (3-20)
While exploring in Death Valley, College of the Pacific students keep in touch with their campus by short wave radio.
Ohio State University students spend an average of 96 cents a month for soft drinks.
Purdue Exponent R. E. Insler. JMHor-in-Chief W. BL Smith .Biuiaen Xanhgar D. G. Torrlo Editorial Direetor G. W. Frederick Manacinc I^dMor E. M. Antonini Senior AdvertiaihlE'Maiiairer G. SchilliuE Co^ Editor R. JenkiaB Sports Editor Phones: Editori^ 4006; Bnainsaa, 6088; Sports, 2798 Pnblished daily except Monday daripc the academic year. Entered as second dass matter at tbe post offioe in Lafayette^ Indiana, under the Act of ConinrcaB of Matdt 8, 1879, and at the special rare of postwe provided ■araasaNTSO roa nationai. AovaaTiaiNO ay National AdvertisingSenrice, Inc. CoU$i» PuUittun i{apr»f«ah>n'n» 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. CniCAeo • Boston • Los AHeiLKs • San Pnabciico AD nnsitrned editoriala are written by tha Editorial Pirector. Pelirered by carrier, $8 per academieyear; by mall, *8.60. Business oiltcp 818 M. Eifth Street: edfbrrial offie^ UMon Bnildins; sportii offi^ This newspaper b written, edltadi and mblbhed by nn^erKTaduate apufienta of IPnirdne tJniversily. All opinibns in ^ nnleas otherwise accredited, arc atndent ^aicns, and do not''necessarily coincide with the official University vlewpoint-
NiKht Editor , Smith Issue Editor SkaUerup Day Editor Carroll Wednesday, March 20, lOfQ.
Fraternity house presidents at Oregon State College recently voted overwhelmingly to continue the current ban on corsages at their formal dances.
Fifty years ago the University of Mississippi provided its students with a dry storage space where they might leave their guns when they arrived at school.
MARS
—ONE DAY onlywed. APRii 3 MATINEE & NIGHT
THE LAST AND MOST OUTSTANDING LEGITIMATE STAGE PLAY TO BE PRESENTED THIS SEASON EVA LE GALLIENE ONE OF THE FIRST LADIES OF THE THEATRE IN ISBEN'S CLASSIC DRAMA ^'HEDDA GABLER" — with — EARL LARIMORE AND A SUPERB BROADWAY CAST —MAIL ORDERS ACCEPTED NOWORDER YOUR TICKETS NOW BEFORE LEAVING ON YOUR SPRING VACATION—
ADM
MATINEE 55 - 83 - 1.10 - 1.65 NIGHT 83 - 1.10 - 1.65 - 2.00 - 2.50 —Including Tax—
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professiopsl
"DEAC' Eyerythlnjg for a College Education
Risk Dental Clmic DR. PAUL A. PR. LUTHER A. RISilC DR. HAROLD Rl% 4th e Main Phone 5701
• Locksmith
• Jewelers
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, dMk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N, 5th St. Phone 2828
Hays Jewelry Company East Side qf Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
• Dine
• Hardware
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
Sperb Hardware Quality —Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Dairy Products
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sqroritifs EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. , Phone 4354
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
HENRY BUSSE AND HIS ORCHESTRA The American Legion Auxiliary April 5th Dancing 9 to 1 Lafayette Armory 9th & Union Tickets May Be Purchased at DEACS West Desk of Union 4
7
Phone 3085 MEN! Do You Want To Land That job? ^ Let American work on your clothes BEFORE the deciding interview interview. Twill Help. American Laundry West Side Offioe 132 Vine St
• //
JhjL
They’re the Hit of the Season For Young Men
A good looking tweed suit plus a pair of contrasting whipcord slacks. The coat can be worn as a separate sport coat. The slacks give you three suits in one. Tailored by “Campus Togs” all wool. Newest models. Complete 127-50
ROSENTHAL'S
322 Main St
Phone 5975
ISOMEBOm »Wliich is the real Jimmy Cromwell? “The man who married Doris Duke, richest girl in the world?” And regally commutes with her by Clipper to their exotic $1,000,000 Shangri-La in Hawaii? Or is he at heart the Hon. James H. R. Cromwell, Minister to Canada, co-author of “In Defense of Capitalism,” the book that makes both friends and enemies of capitalism purple for lack of words? This week’s Post brings you in words and pictures the spectacular story of his zigzag career, what he thinks, and what he dreams of doing next...
THE STORY OF JIMMY CROMWELL by Jack Alexander
$750M IN CASH PRIZES for ^^Confucius^^ sayings!
►For complete details, ask this newspaper for the Contest Pamphlet, or write to Prof. Charles E. Bellatty, Head of the Department of Advertising, Boston University, 685 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston, Mass— Your entry may win the $100 first prize, and there are 166 other cash prizes.
☆
☆
☆
☆
I WAS A PRISONER ON A SURMAIIINE- wiP^ed out of the blackness. Someone said, "Suhniarine!” And within minutes, eight dumbfounded passengers were hustled off their .(^erica-bound liner and into the sub. The writer tells what he savy, and whqt happened during his ten days as an underwater war prisoner. Read the strange document in this week’s Post, by HUGO BLEIBERG. FOOL FOR A WIFE, she was too pretty for a farm vrife, they said. And too silly. Photographing flowers, while the dinner burned. Strolling in the woods, while her husband plowed ... Then something happened to make neighbors wonder who the real fool was. A short story, Perley Thinks I’m Silly, by DAVID LAMSON. “WE’U. BEAT THI YANKS!” Last season we batted .291 to the Yanks’ .288, beat them 11 games to 8. Break up the Yanks? I say build up the Yanks! We want tq win the peimant by a knockout, pot a foul!” 'The Red Sox Manager this week tells you the fine points of his team, his recruits and his "farm” prospects. Told, with George Rirksey, by JOE CRONIN. fresh water mermaid. When a man makes a fool of himself over a woman, everybody knows it—except the man himself. Lydia, with her wide blue eyes and her taking ways, had Des hooked plenty and was reeling him in. His fishing partner just had to invent some way to shake loose that hook! A new big game fishjng story by PHILIP WYLIE. “IF I SQUEAL I END UP IN A BARREL OF CEMENT.” ... No two-bit Michigan sheriff was tough eiiough to make a canary out of Joe. Let them guess who burned his truck and slugged him... Here’s the story of a youpg hoodlupa in the apple country who was softened up with the one treatment a make-believe hod man can’t stand... Apple Knocker, by HAROLD TITUS.