gj/-! a
r r
'r ^ /I ■ ^i} u%^h if’^f
/
A* #*,
f !
f i
\^.t i
I '
xft04ieni
Volume 53, No. 45
West Lafayette, Indiana
■S’
Wednesday, October 29f^ lB4t
Lodde Cup Contestants
e IT ^1* I. Purchase Military Speak Tomorrow Night b,,, Today
Ho Pep Session; Gridders Leave
Plans have been completed by the
Due to the early departure Corps to send a limited u . . of the Boilermaker squad for
on the second floor of the „„ rrv.„««ri„,r more of the following universi-
tickets,
Air Corps Seieds Campus Groups Change MeteorolowCoou. Parties As Green P^er
Campaign Starts Rolling
By Ed Kieper
During the past week, much behind-the-scenes activity has
Six finalists. Bilhe Nickleson, Alpha Xi Delta, Jane Schutt, Alpha Chi c „ +1, tt... LOriY iniirSQdy« c 1. A j tT' TT ^ 'AT j A Tfc AT 1 tluiiiors and seniois in the Uni— ■ ■
Omega, Sarah Andrews, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Nedia Ann Pierce, Alpha „„„„ . x , . . a, i „u -DU -D n Tr j T ^ versity may obtain tickets to MilChi Omega, Barbara Biadley, Kappa Kappa Gamma, and Jane Grimmer, . „ „ / , „ . Pi Beta Phi, will compete tomoriow m the Lodde speech contest for fresh- th ^ H fl
Economics audrtorium at 7 30 p m ^ Fordham On Thursday after- t.es for the purpose of pursuing a ... w..,., luu.. ca..ava., from a field oraboirt^oL'^hXdred^LTds^^Judges^weie'pro/^p E^LuH including the new noon, there Will be no^ pep ses- postgraduate course m meteor- been taking place regarding the realignment of party lines for R. W. DesJarlais, R M Horn and L. S. Winch, ay of the Speech depait- amusement tax, went on sion before Saturday s game. J^iowTS^YSk^Umve^itf ^he Green Potters election next week Thursday. ft > t t 11 dth ’ rdvaTced Thtary ^rams^at's-SoT^ ThuS institute of Technology’, ^he outcome has been that the parties caHed the ProThe winnei of tomoiiows contot will receive a piize and the organiza- students and band olBoois, and yes- “*<*•"'P “ Jnursdy the Umveisity of Califerma at Los gfessive and Boilermakers of last year do not exist for this ton whichgalns the gieatest number of points in the contet will receive te.day were available to basic mil- d«enioon However, students Angeles and Chicago University election In their places are two parties, the Progressive Green the Lodde cap Any oiganization winning he cup foi thlee yeais in , Will meet the team upon its Commissions Potters and the Riveters
auMWlon retains peimanent possession of it Fust P ace prise winnei accompanied by their schdule arrival at 6:44 Sunday after-
last year was Bernadme Lamb Pi Beta Phi has won the Lodde tiophy ,1 ^ ^ for the past two years k r ® noon.
ESMDT Program Prepares Employees To Solve Defense Industrial Problems
By Fred I Jones
When National Defense came into prominence as a gigantic, countrywide undertaking, Dean A A Potter was summoned to Washington and appointed chairman of the national advisory committee for the Defense Training progiam That was last November Since then the program has giown by leaps and bounds throughout the 48 states
Lafayette Community Fund Drive Will Begin Today; Goal; $40,115
Opportunity Yesterday | All reserve officers, militar^ students and band members who had an opportunity to pui chase tickets yesterday and Monday and who have not yet done so, aie urged to obtain their tickets as soon as possible, as more than 400 of the 800 tickets which have* been placed on sale have bee/n sold in the fiist two days After today, any remaining Ball tickets will be placed on gen
Prof. Siskind Attends Conference At M.l.T. To Study Radio Waves Plot R P Siskind is repiesent
ing the Univexsity at a thiee weeks Must Meet Requirements
Those who successfully complete The Piogressive ticket is tomthe couise, which covers a peiiod posed of thiee Cary Hall freshmen, of approximately nine months, will Bob Stalling of Cary Hall West for be commissioned second lieutenants president, Tim Tilton, North Hall in the All Corps Reseive and be for vice-president, and Judd Beai eligible for active duty with the foi secietary The candidate foi Regular Aimy treasurei could not be determined Those chosen for this couise will la^t mght According to Senate ofenter the military seivice as Flying ficials, who are sponsoiing the elecCadets on non flying status They tion, no one had taken a petition for
will receive free tuition and the this position Entries for the annual exhibits of regular pay and allowances of a The opposing paity, using the the University camera club are due Plying Cadet name “Riveters,” formed last week at the student Union office by 6 p.
Camera Club Entries For Exhibit Due Next Monday Afternoon
at a meeting Thursday evening of lu Monday, Nov 3 The exhibit is
eial sale in cashier’s office in the conference on high frequency radio A prospective candidate must freshmen fiom several of the or- open to all University students and Executive Building waves held at the Massachusetts meet the following lequiiements to ganized gioups on the campus, has staff members, and there will be no Need Passports Institute of Technology, Cam- qualify be a college graduate who a full slate composed of George limit to the number of prints each
„, , , , . , , bridge, Massachusetts has specialized in the sciences, enu en s may puic ase it e s conference began yesteiday gmeering, etc, and has satisfactoron y upon ^ ° and will last for thi ee weeks It dy completed thoi ough courses in
Marking the beginning of the smSbv the buv^er at^the’time of be attended by forty represen- mathematics, including heat and Nowhere has the instiuctional campaign for the Greater Lafayette n ^ tatives fiom the leading engineer- theimodynamics, he an unmarried work m defense been more actil^e Community Fund, a “kickoff” din- ^ schools of the country The citizen of the United States, be than in Indiana Chosen by Dean nei was held last night at the Cen- Military Ball will intioduce the purpose of the gatheiing is to study tween the ages of twenty and Pptter as head of the Univeisity’s tial Presbyterian chuich, Lafay- season at the University at the use of exceedingly high fre- twenty-six inclusive, of good charprogram was Professor C W ette President E C Elliott was the ? ^ on Fiiday evening, Novem- quency radio waves in national de- actei, sound physique, and in ex-
University To Hold Livestock Nutrition School Here Nov. 6-7 Second annual Nutiition school
Beese, head of the general engineei- piicipal speaker at the dinner 0th dancing continuing uning depa/tment Under the direction ei speakers were David Ross, pres- ^ a music of Will of Pi of Beese, classes have been es- ident of the University Board of ®^^rtley and his orchestia ilh
tabhshed in 45 cities throughout Trustees, Joseph A Andrew, Lafaythe state ette lawyer, and Paul Roystei, man Office In S&S Building agei of the Lafayette Transit Com-
Hnadquarteis for the University pany
defense work is a laige, spaisely- The goal for the campaign, which furnished loom on the second floor g^aits today, was set at 40115 dol of the Service and Stoies Building Umveisity In this room are cairied on the ad 4,600 dollars, while the ministrative duties of the program exnected from frateimtieii
Accoiding to Howard C Gillespie, ^g 3^5 will be hdd by the University next (jjiiverSlIV iWafClS Mcn official spokesinan for the office, the |^j.g week on November 6 and 7-to teach WlWfViJliy -HJIOIUJ 1 Iwll
University’s wolk got undei way the latest developments in the field early last spring and haa expanded foRowing persons are in livestock nutrition Topics under so lapidly that now there aie 6,700 chaige of the cam^ign on the West discussion Thursday morning will men and women enioiled in the va- ^ ^ Beese of the gen- relation pf Indiana feeding lious extension couises Gillespie, engineeiing de^itment. Uni stuffs law to pioblems in nutrition, as Direct©! of Information, sifts collections, Fred Wil[i_s of application of nutritive principles and assembles all news about the Student Health Service, fia- commercial feeds, and funda work that goes out to the public teinity collections, and Mis Byion uientals of good livestock rations
Covers Most Of State Southworth, soioiity collections
The Univeisity’s piogiam extends ovex the entiie state of Indi-
fense woik cellent health Piof Siskind will teach a couise Interested students should conin micro waves which is being of- tact the Adjutant’s Office in the fered by the University next semes- Aimoiy as soon as possible Selec ter So fai, thirty two seniors are tions will be made on a competitive planning to enroll m the subject basis and only those with the best/ The course will train those tak- scholastic records will be chosen
ing it for special engineering pioblems in the signal corps 01 in indus tries which aie studying methods
of locating aircraft k r
House Presidents Elect New Officers
For Completing Course On Defense Explosives
Pj'esidents and chairman of organized women’s looming and boaiding houses on the campus met
George Slater, Riveter candidate for president of Ureen Potters
entrant may submit No entry fee will be charged camera club members while all students who are not club members must pay 25c, and non-members on the faculty must pay 50c In all cases, the entry fee IS independent of the number of
prints submitted
Three Prizes
Entrants will be classified as follows (1) Amateur Student Division, (2) Advanced Amateur Student Division and (3) University Staff Division Nine merchandise prizes will be awarded, three for each division First prize in eac^ division will be |5, second pnze will be $3 and the third pnzfe wili be ?1, all in merchandise No pei*son can receive more than one prize. Mounts West Desk Prints, which may be m «py photographic medium,-must be at least 8 inches by 10 inches in Size
Cow Pastures
In the afternoon, classes will be ficates to fifteen men who have com
— n • held on the subjects of supple- pleted a six weeks intensive tiain „„ . ;”d Te.L nluteTe tandfed'by ReVIYG menta.y teedwe of dany cowa oo mg oomae m the "Chemistry of ^ m„„ih and dia- Freshmatt DcbaterS Notro Dame and the Eese Po.yteeh" ,Q J . SatUtdaV rcrLrg:‘Llrp.obLa''m I-tr clrarM." day piohlema directly eencein me Institute, tespeetively Spen WUl I OWII ^aTUrOay „n„p„nndin8 latlons and the rela- Anothei olaaa m this coorse_w.lI 'OTiyOUt I Oday At4
sored by the United States Office of Pmdue Players, social oigamza tionship between nutrition and dis Education, the plan was oiigina y Playshop, will present a ease m farm animals
named Engineei ing Defense Tiain-
revival of “Oui Town ” Satuiday, Hall To Speak
ing,but,byieasonofgreateineeds. 1, at 8 p m in Eliza Fowler It was recently expanded to Engi- available at the
neering, Science, and Management pi^yshop office
yesterday and elected the follow- Slater for president, Richard Welty and not more than 11 inches by 20 ing council officers Maiy Nitsche foi vice piesident, John Woolmg, inches and must be mounted on 16 of Collegiana, president, Kathiyn secretary, and Bob Marshall, tieas- inches by 20 inches white or cream
T3 r n w Tj of Hu Puidu, vice president, urer mounts which may be obtained at 10 essoi eese announced Estella Buente of Casa Mana, Petitions may be turned in until West desk of the Umon AD ^TT secretary and treasure! 6pm this evening at the Student wdik, except for the development ea oy the u b vmce of pm pose of this council is to Senate office They must be signed of the negative, must be the work
^‘th the AWS Residence by 75 freshmen of the entrant Hand colored pnnts organize all looming may be submitted for exhibition
but will not be considered for com-
petition
cussed problems directly concern _ _ i A ji Entiy blanks must be pasted on mg each house As yet no definite | Q TryOUt TodSV At 4 back of each print Blanks may
, , , ,, , , program for the year has been de- * 'be obtained at the West desk of the
start next Monday, and is available council will Tiyouts for the freshman debate Union pgh without cost to men who have had meetings on the fiist and squad will take place this afteinoon twoyeaisof college chemistry, with ]y[ojjdgy gf g^ch month at 4 at 4 p m in 100m 320 of University
Featured Thuisday evening will jUeast one year of oiganic chemis
It meets full time undei the in stiuction of Geoige T Austin, of
Dean Stratton To Head State Deans, Advisors
most 01 tne E.omui tiassco aic - - t 1 tt j t 1 1 t. , - - - . - Doiothy C Stratton, dean of woiriven at nieht Gillespie staged be- woids “In oui town, discussion of poultry, dairy, ‘‘ Hallowe’en party at 8 p m on fieshman men only, will consist of en was elected foi a twp-year term cause the maioiitv of the students about animal husbandy pioblems 5 per cent of the unemployed Fuday, Oct 31, in the Agiiculture five minute addiesses on either side as president of the Indiana Asso- ' taken this couise Pavilion An evening of games is of the debate topic Those fresh ciation of Deans and Advisors of
planned and prizes will be awaided men interested must attend this aft- Women and Girls at their meeting x-x_j the best masquerade costumes ei noon’s meeting kak in Indianapolis last Thuisday. Helen
be a dinner at which Pi of Fiank
Defense Training Alphabetized, to ‘‘liourTown’As the Pulitzei Pnze LT Jaslmasttr ^ ^
confoim with o hex goveinment will^be^toastmasto ^ Engineer“?oTof the ESMDT dasL are The stage managei summaiized the gg^feiences ’will be held ^ei
p m in the AWS office d c p Wesley Foundation Plans Hallowe'en Party Friday Wesley Foundation will sponsor
Hall This year’s debate topic and subject of tlyout speeches is. Resolved, that thq federal government should regulate by law all trade
unions in the United States The trials, which are open to
cause the majority of the students u j » mu x x n , , 1 eveiybody The stoiy, set in Gi woik'duiing the day Some classes „ m tt u xi , , , , ers Coineis New Hampshiie, with aie held in the day time however, , , j, xu , , ' , . , , a population of 2 640, conceins the foi those workers who belong to „ , j. , , . , 4- , , , „ facts of daily life, love, maiiiage night shifts These couises aie all . , xi j x xi 1 xu ° „ , , ,, , and death pieced togethei by the of college grade and they should , ^ x u , % x, , “ , , .1 X 1 stage manager into a histoiy of the
not be confused with vocational ,
town
tiaining 01 tiaming within indus-
try
At the opening of the play, void of sceneiy and cuitain, the stage
Five Forestry Staff Members Will Assist J. W, Girard Survey
finding jobs, Austin stated
Completed Course
Men who completed the couise last Satuiday include Richaid Bib bins Ypsilanti, Mich , Paul E Jackson Cailisle, Haiiy McMahon La
f ayette,
Robert C McWilliams, Basinger e h a Y , Elmei Nesius,
Field Men Check On Students describes the situation and , members of the Middletown, N In addition to the office assistants foiestiy depaitment will assist Eemington, James L Paison,Plym and instructors thioughout the „„x._ an,, .xm. . James W Guard next Monday and mun. EHwa.H W Pit,: +
Committee on games includes AI L IJ Schleman, head of WRH, is ViceMaitha Blown chaiiman, Daiiel jjgiHQ Alpllfl MU president of the same organization. Roach Ed Gilbeit Dave Folgei, having been elected for a two-yeat Doiis Rockwell Maiy Beth Day social fiateimty announces term a year ago The meeting wa# huff, Emma Lizenby, and Glaydis the pledging of Floyd Rubin, soph- held in conjunction with the ah-
omoie mechanical engineei nual state teachers’ convention.
, 1 x xK action is begun The same playeis, _ , ... o . , , state, 28 field men and staff assis- it foi the summ- Tuesday, Nov 3 4, in a timbei
tants opeiate fiom the mam office and SIX district offices Then job is
to check on the students in the . couises and to keep a lecoid for the jWGA
government on the number who drop out 01 who successfully com
plete the couises
outh, Edwaid W Pitz, Bnagepoit, Conn , Ralph Piatt Ji Biooks
cruise of fifteen to twenty different Charles Quillen, Flint Mich , Noithein Indiana woods jj^j.gjd Rggff^ Endicott, N Y , Lo Guard, an old time timbei 2 Szabo, New York N Y , ciuisei is assistant diiectoi of the Eobeit Tiueman, Bedfoid Edward National Forest Survey Tho^e who Negaunee, Mich , Willaid T
Vail Macomb 111 , John Cartel
has set Satuiday as the dead- ^jjl assist him aie Prof D Den line foi club membeiship The 01- xjyl. Prof A M Heiiick, R C
The distiict offices seiving the ganization will have no second se Biundage, T E Shaw and J L state are located at Indianapolis, mestei membeiship drive except foi y^^i Camp MunCie, Foit Wayne, Gaiy, Evans new students Girls inteiested in Timbei ciuising is the visuhl esti ville, and Lafayette These six of joining the club may come to the j-jjation of the amount of lumbei fices weie established following a YWCA office in the Union which jj) ^ tiee The puipose of this two (Continued on page 4) is open daily fiom 4 until 6 30 p m ^jgy tn-nbei ciuise is to set up vol " ' ■—-—- umevtables whereby compaiatively
inexpeiienced peisons may easily and accuiately estimate the lumbei
content of tiees ki
Sheppard Field,
Texas m j1
Wichita Falls,
Carnegie Institute Art Exhibit Graces Union Sub-Basement Until December
By Charlotte Hass
Carnegie Institute Ait Exhibit is fiom different sources), lengthenbeing shown in the halls of the ing shadow effects, and lighting Union sub-basement until sometime which detei mines feeling of a form m the middle of Decembei This ex Othei aiiangements show differ hibit, which IS on tom of the coun ent colored light's on colored objects tiy, has been booked to tome to the piinciples of coloi line and foim
Exponeni Staff
There will be a meeting of all elected members of the Exponent staff, Wednesday, October 29, at 4 p m in the conference room ot the Agricultural Expeiiment Station —Ochiltiee.
Dr. Schwinger Speaks To Physicists On New Theories Of Nuclear Forces
By Bill Hoskins “
A new theoiy of nucleai forces atmosphere, the protons aie ing of piotons and neutrons, piowas presented at the first physics down into new particles vides most of the mass of matter Intel departmental seminai held at mesotions, which cany eith and also the electiical force necesIndiana University last Saturday positive 01 negative charges and saiy to hold matter together Since when Di Julian Schwmgei of the Possess peculiar piopeities of their some sort of bond must exist td
own These mesotions aie very un- hold the nucleus together. Dr, stable, remaining fiee foi only Schwmgei has advanced his theory, 0000001 second This, howevei, is aftei yeais of study and research,
a sufficient amount of time loi the that the mesotron
Umveisity physics depaitment ad diessed the group on “Recent De velopments in the Mesotron The
oiy ”
Schwmgei was the
provides this
pal tides to tiavel to the eaith bond in the following wayi Neti-
sneaker at the meetine iSicTm- I’el’eved, they exeit a tions break down into piotrons and efuded membeis of physics depait- influence on life as we mestions, passing the latter on to ments fiom the Umveisity, Illinois, ^ xA'* f protion comand Indiana Similai meetings will P«werlul Penetrators bmes with the mesotron, and in turn be held about once each month be These mesotions possess the abil- down into neutrons and tween the schools, when latest de ity to penetrate a lead block to a "^®''OHons Thii> cycle contmues,
eh ixropifiv Di F r Yniino- n+ thp Pm Hup velopments in physicb 1 eseai ch Will depth of several centimeteis, wheie to ho program m the weekly E C Young of the Purdue ^ ^ and discussed as gamma and othei ia>s can pen which holds the nucle^ seiies oi “Scieen Reviews” will be Farm Manageme-t Depaitment dis P aim uiscusseu s .y y together
Umveisity for two yeais design and balance In case theie piesented tomoiiow afternoon fiom cussed Ihe *gn"uL.ual Outlook” Cosmic Ray Research nietei Accoidmg to Schwinger, nini^ Instead of being an oidinaiy ait is any doubt whethei oi not white 3 to 6 in the Music Hall at a legiona) mtetmg of salesmen Di Schwmgei s talk coiielated ri e u x ic. i ri of his theoiy havq aa Jet display of paintings alone thcie light is a mixtuie of all the colois The afteinoon’s piogiam will in and dealeis ot Allied Mills Inc known facts about cosmic lays and xu,. ® T A " been undeveloped, but research fe aie many innovations used m the oi absence ot them, one of the dis elude “News of the Day”, “Amei today, at Peoiia, 111 Di Young is then lelation to mesotions, and ^ ^ being earned on all fhe tirae^ y»|u#
leans All,’ a Maich of Time sub attending this meeting as a guest introduced his own theoiy and le- “i me nucieai siiucuiie orrei- pi onuses to defimteiy establish’Wfi*
Movie Convo To Show MdlmenHearYoung News, Band Tomorrow At Regional Meeting
Next
exhibit which explain aichitectuic, plays will deai this up
sculptuiing. painting and coloi as Ihe ait show was ai.anged by ject, “Moie Ti.fles oi Impoitance,” of A G Philips vice president and seaich on the subject UclerofTrtrTie'^ heTdToLthm 1 elated to painting Waltei Siple, diiectoi of the ait in fiom the Passing Paiade seiies, sales managei of Allied Mills, or- Expgument in lecent i>eais has maitei aie neiu cogemei theory This i-elation of cqsjofc Special box aiiangements aie in stitute in Cincinnati, Ohio, and sent “You the People,” of the Ciime ganizei and foimei head of the disclosed the tact that as cosmic ^ mateuai loim mesotrons m nuclear the center of the hall One aiiay out by the Cainegie Ait Coipdia- Does Not Pay senes, and Dave University poulti y depaitment lays passing fiom the sun to the ^ Nuclear Bond expected to offer the key to th* ^POP^rna lighting (light tion. Apollon and his orchestia. jen. earth, hit the upper layer ot the The nucleus of an atom, consist- structur'e of matter.Exponent All Part
’l5,./A-%w^|eis ago President Roosevelt orihe II# to shoot Axis pirates on sight js' a Tesuit the repeated attacks on this Hitler paid little attention to ahd continued to sink Adierican Merchant ships as he saw fit, and finally a ■iittlerpver a,week ago an attack was made on ■IfeHiiited Sta,tes destroyer “Eearny.” All of ■ these incidents are part of a deliberate Nazi jcatiip^igti to. close the north Atlantic. It is ' ^vibus that they plan to ,fire on any, ships , that should enter their “zone of operations,” '■^(|we 'eaimot yieldt to that threat. Seaitoirne Materials tf German raiders successfully close the Atlantic to our shipping, Britain, completely separated from- the “arsenal of democracy,” \viil never receive the valuable war materials froni bur manufacturers. In the event that the English leaders should decide to invade the continent or should Germany triumph over Russia and try to cross the Channel, Britain would require all the material aid we could send. She will also need as many men as she can find for active combat. Thus the more . war inaterial produced for her in this country, the .fewer the number of men required' in English factories. Gkve Ocean To Hitler , _A few. years ago Congress passed the miscalled “neutrality” act, under which we nearly surrendered the oceans of the world to Hitler., It was adopted with the purpose in mind ;,of keeping tvar materials from going to Italy ' for her battle against Ethiopia, and later it Avas revised when the Nazis invaded Poland.
The act was supposed to prevent incidents similar to the attacks on the “Greer” and the KOarny.” Nevertheless these incidents have occurred, and Axis submarines have fired on our ships in the Red Sea, the north Atrantic, and the south Atlantic. Hitler has often declared that he will shoot fiMt if he finds it necessary, and it would be easy for him to strike a sea, blow aigainst pur unarmed mer^
In tpday/s mentel err,iiBlipn-there appears, and will appear henceforth, in this space, pdragrdph breakers which coincidentally take the form of little dumbbells, ft cannot be emphasized ^oo strongly that these dumhbeUs are ip no way ta be taken as a- reflection of the Cork’s ability.
Well, the; time of the year fpr false-faces and the such is 'Upon us again and as usual the Alpha
VkNGENT WRIlRES HOME ACAIN
We dropped aroundvtp,see,Vincent again a'few days ago-. The freshman chfe are starting early led by “But-
chqnt ships'. He could sink-a lot of them, and had writfeeil hnether letter to his family, which he asked us to read, tons^’^Burton' and Katie Murphy, still be prepared for war on the British com This-is how it went: ' ' ; The SPEs were'their victinis last
Dear Eamily: ■. r ■■■■.•.■ night.
. TThis'is Satul:day night and I’m staying home studying. I think' that’s ■ pj, pj,} pledge Carolyn'Wood real-
active German opposition is real and Speedy g-ii-r in the recent play, and now action. “Our ability to ‘deliver the goods’ to I'ast night Ineeded a shower; so, I went over to the Fieldhouse. There s^eet mother in Playshop’s tbp front llne^ is shackled bv the' neutrality is a: Ng pool right by the. showers and there were a-lot, of kids m swim- ^ ;“Gur Town.” And the front lines is Slia,CKiea oy tne neu a y B went out there. The water is nice and warm when you get , ,, all.- she also sines in a act which in reality IS an invitation to JSfazi yg^d to it, but it seems funny tc swim without a suit. « choir on Sunday. Versatile gal,
huh?--'
How is the weather at home; it.rained here last week. Have you got all the apples canned ? I hope so, because I want a lot of applesauce when I come home agaih. There' is a liew kind of apple down here that
we should try to' plant. A tree of them ie behind the library. Right in ^
the middle of the apple by the core it is red, just like a girl smeared lipstick on it while she was biting- into it. 1 always eat one when I go by and no one is aroilnd, I don’t knew if .that is against the law or not.
piracy and a mockery of freedom of the seas. Congress must remove all restrictions against the delivery of war materialss by American ships directly to any and all ports where it is needed for our own common battle front.’ The people of the United States are not neutral in their sympathies, and for ^ome time have not been neutral in their policies. We have merely pretended to be neutral;' it
Pnr having a little trouble in" drawing class now. The instructor is
.. , . , ,, always telling us to draw thin lines. He says that it looks like I put my
is this pretense that has aided Hitler in nalt- on with a paint biiush.: Mayt)e Fir get a yellow slip in drawing. A
ing the delivery of goods to Europe. If we yellow slip is a piece of paper they send to your
continue to agree and debate about a neutral- that you, are not doing, so well in. a subject. But don’t worry any about it,
ity act which has lost all meaning, our. aid ' • . / will be too little or too late. Congress must There aw . lot ot nice people down h»e that .re a
for US students. The man that owns the Music Hall is giving free movies every Thursday afternoon now. It is a lot nicer than the free movies We went in to town to see on Wednesday nights last summer because the seats in the Music-Hall are soft and nice, a lot better than sitting on
the.'ground.
repeal the act at once, arm our merchant ships, and place them under the protection
of the Navy. '
returned it already. And speaking of pledges with pins,- there’s arumor that Alpha Chi pledge. Dody Hamilton has SPH Rip Lander’s pin, but nobody’s been able^to prove anything- yet. Why don’t you girls
! Slip XU urawuig. xt. , , , , • i u-o r XU + iT,e u-,,, get her down some night ; ' father telling him ^ • ve
Here s a cute poem that might
apply to last Saturday.
“A danca
A data
FeTchanca
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
even' self-propelled anti-tank weap- funeral committee was on its way ons. to Massachusetts. In the news story. From Auto Plants was this item:
“Meanwhile, here and there in the throng- were scores of familiar
The bulk of the proposed new tank program will be concentrated in Michigan, Illinois, Indiana and Ohio automobile centers. Farm machinery plants also will be fitted into the scheme. Motors will come from a number of factories in various parts of the country. One, the ?4,000,000 Gtiiberson-Diesel plant under construction at Dallas, Tex., will turn out oil-burning motors. ■ Concentration of the new program in auto plants will have the double advantage of using produc-
faces. Senator David I. Walsh
I need a hair cut, but they are charging 65 cents for one down here. I’ll just wait until I come home for Thanksgiving and Dad can cut it. ... With love, Vincent P. S. The cost of living is going up fast, Dad. Our high school eco-
joined the crowd pouring out from comics teacher said that when that happened, you had less real income.
Wednesday, October 29^
Today On WBAA
■News
Curio Man ■ Morning Melodies WBAA Presents Theatre of Song 11:00—“Journalism” with Prof. Hugh McRee lil:50—-Purdue News 1'2':00—Agricultural Forum 12:16—Sam. Hamilton, pianist 12:30—Meet the Baud
Events wi'tk
Prof; T. K. Noss 1.-45—Market's 2:00—A Story a Day , , 2:16—WPA Transcription 2:30—Moods in Music, M'fs. C. W. Hemmer 3:00—^NeWs 3;10—Building for Defense '3:15—Special Musical Programs* 3:30—Organ Moods 4:00—Tea Time Tunes 4;30-^Connie Connette, dramatic soprano 4:4&—Little Miss Muffett 6:00i—Just Relax 5;15_Current Books AVitlv Helen . Seaton 5:30—Vespers 6:46—Curio Man 5:60—News 6:00—-Dinner Music 6:30—Sports Review 6:45—Melody Maids 7:00—Symphony Hall 8:00—What’s Art To Me? 8:16—Marching Along ,8:30—Community Chest Drive 8:45r—From the Press Box 9:00—Concert Master 9:30—Music ’ ■ 9:50—News _ ■ . . *-June Eller, pianist alternating with Aftej-noon Melodies
PI Phi' pledge Gloris Bell is really fast With these romances of hfers. She just took Delt “Tiger” Elfiti’S
Gut lata A classa A quiza No passa Gee whizza.”
the first race.” . Note—Senator Lodge, who attended Connery’s funeral, flew back to the Capital in time for the lendlease debate. He voted for the bill; Walsh against it. After the vote in the Senate, Walsh took a train for Boston. Embarrassing Witness The next time Senator Hiram
She said that .meant that when you had 5 dollars to spend in two weeks
maybe it wouldn’t last you. I guess that’s right.
tion facilities already available and Johnson invites witnesses to bludg-
absorbing large numbers of workers being thrown out of jobs by
eon the Administration’s foreign policies he will be careful to learn
forced curtailment of auto output, their views beforehand.
Tank Plan Includes 60-Ton ners; Johnson's
Witnesses Cross Him Up
So far Chrysler is the only auto company making tanks. It has a 837,000,000 order for mediums and
State office of the 4-H club selected eight girls to represent Indiana at the annual National 4-H club Congress in Chicago, Nov. 29 to Dec. 5, and to compete for national honors in home economics
judging contests.
Girls selected to compete in the contest were: Etta Dell Thomas, Putnam county, and Alice Lucille Heinke, St.- Joseph county, canning
Made possible through sales of tickets to the Firemen’s Ball held
’ ^ ^ ’ “ last Saturday, a first aid- truck for for the girls participating in the -West Lafayette find community will 4-H clothing contest, while L. S. be equipped and .sponsored by local Ayres and Company, Indianapolis, fii-emen for use soon, will pay trip expenses for the room . The truck is to be completely improvement judging- team. Can-, outfitted for use as a first aid unjt, ning and foods judging teams: will equipment including- a pulmotor have their expenses paid by the foi- artificial respiration, w.e.r.
team members”respective counties.
C-W-
Payin.g his tuition at Uiiiversity of Cincinnati college of law with 102 silver dollars, a . student explained the money came from- his sideline as a justice of the peace.
Two of the Californian’s ace isolationist testifiers against the ship arming bill caused a hilarious tu-
is making an outstanding produc- mult at the Senate Foreign Relation record. . tions Committee’s hearing- by
All other light and medium tanks plumping- forcefully for one of their judging; Patricia Ann Burgess, and S are coming-from railway equipnient sponsor’s oldest and and bitterest Wayne county, and Mary Jane -—-
, WASHINGTON, Oct. 28 — The plants. Under the new program hates- -the League of Nations., Esche, Warrick county, foods judgPresident was putting it mildly some of th^se factories may be al- The first was Dr. Albert W. Pal- jug; Thelma Mutzfeld, DeKalb = when he announced that the present lowed to revert to building railroad mer, president of the Chicago Theo- county, and Eleanor Young, Wash- S $212,000,000 tank program will be cars and locomotives, for which logical Seminary, who prefaced his ington couniy, clothing judging and g doubled. there is a mounting need. remarks against , revision of the Laura Frances Ray, Johnson conn- § Real inside is; plans for a two to _ ^ Neutrality Act by stating that the ty, and Phyllis- Cooper, Morgan § th'fee ‘billion clbllar program that _ ' i -ff ^ fi i i i rv, United States is not contributing county, room improvement judging. will boost output from 800 to 3,000 „The day .alter the sudden cteath the cause of peace by this and h. P. Wasson, and Company, Inlight, medium and heavy (60-ton) popular Representative Law- Britain. dianapolis, will pay the expenses tanks a month. So far none of the Connery, a committee of his “Even if Germany is defeated in
60-tonners is in production. friends in both branches of Con- j)j. p^]j^.^g^. <H.j^gj,g The fact that a big- chunk of the named to attend his fu- j^g uo lasting peace unless some new money will go for heavy tanks f f MOpE-Merry-Go-Round ..
kind of a super-governing international body is set up to adjudicate difference between nations. The last
war proved that.”
“Are you by any chance for the League of Nations?” slyly inquired
... National Forestry Honorary,
announces the pledging- of J. R. Abernethy, South Bend, Ind.; B. M. Radcliffe, Chatham, New Jersey,-
K. Suddarth, Indianapolis.
Goody's Fine Shoes Goodwin's Shoe Store
' In The Village
302 Stale
Everything for a College Edurjilion
DEAC’S
is highly significant. These mammoths are primarily an offensive weapon, and lack of them by the British is a chief reason for their failure to attempt an invasion of
Nazi-occupied Europe.
list were Senators David I. Walsh and Henry Cabot Lodge of the
State.
The next morning, Walsh was informed by the office of Senate Sergeant-at-Arms Chesley Jurney
One thing the war has proved‘that the funeral would take place Senator Barkley of Kentucky,
conclusively is that without ade- the following day and that a reser- “Yes, I am/’ replied the witness
quate tank equipment an offensive vation would be made for Walsh emphatically,
is impossible. That’s why the British have been pinned down for months to position warfare in North Africa. During the summer they twice attempted to dislodge the Nazis and both times were beaten •’back by superior tank forces.
on a,train leaving- Washington that A , howl afternoon. ' committee
“I’m extremely sorry,” replied squirming in red-faced discomfort, Walsh, “but I’m afi-aid I can’t get glowered at his boomeranging wit-
of laughter swept the room as J o h n s o n.
away as I have a number of important matters to attend to. One is the debate on the lend-lease ap-
The exact number of heavy tanks propi-i-ation, which begins tomor-
contemplated in the new program is a military secret. But it will be several times more than what the Nazis a.re believed to have. Also the
new rhonsters will be heavier arm- —without Walsh,
ored and gunned.
ness.
But the biggest blow was yet to come. It was delivered by another of the Californian’s hand-picked witnesses, former Ambassador John Cudahy, An outspoken foe of the President's defense policies, Cudahy
row.
The other members of the committee notified Jurney,they would
attend, and the train left for Lynn had branded the ship arming bill
as a “step toward war,’’ when Sena-
The next morning a story ap- tor Claude Pepper of Florida asked
They will be equipped with anti- peared in a Washington newspaper if he thought the United States aircraft guns as well as 37 mm. about an incident that had occurred should “help out in world affairs”
machine guns and will be impervi- the previous afternoon at the after the war.
ous to the fire of light tanks and Laurel (Md.) racetrack while the “I most certainly do,” replied
Cudahy. “That’s the only way we C'cvn insure world peace, I was a strong supporter of the League of Nations after the last war and I would be for it again. I believe that this present war might never have come about if the United States
had joined the League.”
Johnson made a feeble attempt to impeach the views of his own witness by cross-examination, but each question ho asked provoked a fresh roar of laughter from his colleagues, and he finally gave up in
disgust.
“Say, who are these witnesses ypii’re bringing here to testify, Senator,” needled Chairman Toin Connally of Texas, “yours or ours ?” Johnson remained glumly silent. (Copyright, 1941, by United Fea^up Syndicate, Inc..)^^,,,,..
fijuJuiuiL £xpojttinJL All-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress :of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, .1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year '.and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail sub’scriptions, $4.00.
• EdJtor-m-Cluef.. News Editor SporlB Editor
. Ned A. Ochiltree Eusiiiess Maiia(fer.. ..John L. Traugoll Managinjs:-Editor... Phil JohiiHon Coed Editor. ..
Don S. Powers ..Leland W. Kuflfner itiith' Rose
Publication Staff Associate Editors 'ISditurial Staff: J. F. Anion, 3. H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, ,1{, E. Hadloy, F. I, Jonos, K. (J. Kioptr. VSpurfa Staff? o. T. Clark, J. U. Frasx-r, J. S. Kaeler. Coed Staff: Mary K. Jioynton, Alicx- Cliatfiold, Jane Ramsdell.
Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Donna Siess; Office Manager: Lee Botisong., Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, E. E. Saxton: Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard, Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Francis Lloyd, Julia Martin.
Phones: t^itofial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792
if I ■■ ■ ■
y w It t,
editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Repn.'Kontc-d for national advertising’ by National Advertisjnif Service. Jnc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison -Ave., New York, N. Y.
A Editor; Hwmsdvil
Staff For . This Issue issue Editor; Koquemore Itepoi'U.'r.s: Klosson, Pickering, La Hass. .Stenberp, Holl'man. Nonieen, Night Sports Editor: Eraser Harei't, Shrycr, DeMars, Hanies.
er, Hoskins, Ahrens. Wattleworth. Eberts
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL QCGASIONS
RYTEX PERSONAL STATIONERY
University Book Store
’^Rcd” Satiiiuuiiii ’29
Union “Due” Epplo MU
TODAY
DOUBLE FEATURE JAMES CAGNEY OLIVIA DEHAVILLAND IN STRAWBERRY BLONDE —PLUS— FLIGHT FROM DESTINY WITH THOMAS MITCHELL JEFFREY LYNN
-LAST TIMES TODAY— He Prescribes Long Laughs ih Large Dosesl
'WHITE EAGLE," Serial
A V/amer Broi. Pkfore, with RONALD REAGAN • JOAN PERRY JAMES GLEASON • — ALSO-
Thurs. - Fri. - Sat. - 2 Hits NORTH FROM LONE STAR MEET THE MISSUS CAPTAIN MARVEL FIRST RUN NEWS
STARTS THURSDAY DOUBLE FEATURE STRANGE ALIBI WITH ARTHUR KENNEDY JOAN PERRY -plusnavy SECRETS WITH FA'ir WRAY GRANT WITHERS
ADULT bANCING CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S, TUES,, NOV. 4, 7:30 P. M. TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS ADVANCED, WED., NOV. 5, 7:30 P. M. This Course Imparts ''Smartness" Which Denotes Style and' Rhythm P. M. Allen, Nationally Known Instructor ENROLL NOW
PHONE 2150
ALLEN'S
6th & FERRY
ALL THIS WEEK EYEKY KISS A THRILL!
FRIDAY
nniERicn's FiGHTin
' I
vi
I . 'i
■I'i
Jif m'a:
ParaSe
,'S;aVillg successfully negotiated a stubborji but outmanned Iowa eleven, the Boilermaker: football stock has jumpedv.-feeveral points andti their "l^'estern Conference record' rtow stands at ohe and one' as- they take’ a rest from conference competition to prepare for an intersectibnal battle
with Fordham. .
Rose. Bowl'Contender ■ , ■ : ■■ ’ ? ./ .■ : The. consensus of opinion of believes that Pete will undoubtkly sports scribes before the start of bo recognized' as “one of . the outthe current season placed Pordham standing tackles itt the' country,” in the position'of one> of the strong- Co-captain Tommy Melton still est -squads in the East, and as the remains on the inpEred ilisfe and the season progresses and still the chances are that, he will be forced Rams have yet to lose or tie a tb mis's’ 'i:he’;;Pordham game in-favor single game, rumors have it that of' rest for his,.ailing; ankle, EenUy this powerhouse will be backed for. Smock, valuable sophomore halfa RoSe'Bowl bid, back. Who sustained a torn li’gaMonday, because of inclement ment in his leg during the first weather, pi’actice Was hel^ in . the quarter of the Iowa tilt will , also Pi'eldhouse,, hut yesterday brought bO out of actiohffor at least a-couple ideal football conditions and the of-vyeekSi •- team returned to the varsity prac- jpiu® Spirit tice field’ to, perfect their attack : Ei^^rd remarked that the fine against the vaunted Pordham pow- the gquad as^ a whole has er, Both bffensive and defensive helped the team-keep going in the, aerimmages..featured the drill', and alarming string of in-' special emphasis Was placed,, upon ^hat would ordinarily prove protection for the kicker, a poor 30b disastrous to the morale of a squad, of which cost the Boilermakers an interesting sideline on one' of Iowa, touchdown in Saturday’s tilt, ^he Riveters’ early opponent, VanTith'permait At Best derbilt,? has been-brought to; light 'Speaking of the Iowa' game, JMal by ^th'e fact that the Commodores Elw-ard cast praise upon Pete Tinip- are now leading the Southern Goner man by stating that he felt Pete ferencey and their average points played the finest college game, of his per game, including a 3 to 0 viccareer against the Hawkfeyes. tory at the expense of the BoilerCharging - hard and low, a prime makers, is an impressive 33 points, requirement for a good tackle, Mai r.w.d.
le Grim BcHpw On The
• Fofdfhpam'^S' Last Big Test Pordham Coach Jim Crowley claims he has the best team this year thft'fc he-has’ had in- many a inOon.'Ram fans are not Ij^ckward about Rose Bowl talki But their chances of national fame and Rose Bowl participatibtt'are dimmed'by a spotty schedule which will not furnish a true test of.hei' power. Should the Rams go the rest of the route undefeated, the experts would- give the old chant, “Who have you beaten?” Their main hope of big time results lies in their ability to strongly subdue the major teams which they do oppose in a very substantial mariner. They have done this rather well in beating SMtl and TCU- Their last major hurdle, and the one front which they hope to gain considerable prestige is PUrdue. After Saturday they should be able.to readily handle Pitt) St; Mary’s, and NYU in order. And so there will be an all out effort Saturday to make a good showing against their only midw“estern foe. • Wh^f Do The BbiSeririakers Say To This? ;• Consequently, a- lot depends on the Boilermakers., But likewise, the Boilei’inakers haye a great deal on the, block themselves. A victory Saturday would set them upas one of the top teanrs in the country, A defeat would sink them into intersectional oblivion.- And Boilermaker fans- who saw the final quarters of the games with Ohio State and Iowa know that they are following a team which can do it. Four quarters like those in either of those games 'Would spring orie of
the season’s major upsets.
• They Certainly Aren^t Invincible Despite the fact that Crowley rates them the best iri years, there are Aplenty of I’easons why they could easily lose; to a fighting, 6P-minute Boilermaker team. This year Crowley doesn’t claim to have the former “blocks of granite.” Their line was freely i^ierced by both SMU and TCU.
Both teams tallied twice.
This year their first hope lies in their offense. They boast of having the best backfield in the nation, composed of Blumestock, Filipowiez, Noble, and Andrejco as well as a very strong reserve foursome, . •; Southern Methodist Came Close Even-this great backfield was almost stopped by Southern Methodist, indeed they would have won if it hadn’t been :fo,r Fordham’s last minute passing onslaught. They held the Rams toi 103 yards by rushing. Fordham’s nine completions in 21 tosses for 200 aerial yards told the tale. Now here is where the Boilermakers come in. Only one score has- been made through their line this year. They have the best pass defenses of
any major team in the country.
• Put Them Together And They Spell ^Victory" If the Boilermakers tie these defenses together and remember that they can score in the first quarter as well as the last—there Will be nu joy on Rose Hill Satui'day night. v
If Ycm’re Tired of Jazz and Swing If for a Symphony You Long / Come Into the Music Room And Flay Your Favorite Song
The Corner of the Campus—— Yet the Center of Activities
In the hantl.s of our expert workmen velvet is cleaned clear through. We restore the luxuriant softness that attracts admiring attenion.
PHONE 3085
132 Northwestern
This is the rtrSt, of a-seriies'of two Ortfcics devoted, to a sumnfwy of-the annuel sucvey of footriall deaf-ha conducted by Doctor Floyd K. Eastwood and' rfiade- public ev6ry DeOeftii^ By Jim Frastsr Behind' the daily headlines that incessantly scream' of gridiron “greats,” up^etS) big games, and injuriesi lies a stpry that: is told only in the fill-in paragraphs’at thfe bottom of sports? pages; The gfimLtale is one of football fatalitiesy a subject which seems to he taboo during the football season. - Although deaths due directly to football have decreased at a surprising rate since, the-early 1930’sv when analarming mortality rate first attracted attention to the,subject) officials bf the game will not be satisfied until a further reduction is obtained. One of the big factors in the reduction can be credited to the efforts of Doctor Floyd R. Past-. wood, professor of physical, education on this campus, whose annual survey of football fatalities has given football officialjs and coaches the necessary information for work to curb deaths on the football fields of America. Jfine Surveys Nearly ten years ag,o,’ with the newspapers of the nation raising an indignant howl over the causes for the numerous foothg^ll fatalities, a survey was started by the Football Rules Committee of the NCAA. The first survey was made by Doctor Llbyd of New York: university- in 1931, but the following year the task fell, into' the able hands of Dbetor Eastwbbd, where-it has remained ever since. Although Doctor Eastwood’s annual findings are turned in to’ the Committee on Iri juries and Fatalities of the American Football Coaches Association and to the officials of the NCAA, the survey does not confine its scope to only collegiate football, but embx’aces all the football played in the country, including sandlot, high school, athletic clubs and- campus' intramural play. With the information in their hande, these national organizations use it as a guide in ' making rrile changes that would 'further the fatality reduction. Vast Coverage To keep an accurate tabulation on as broad a field as nation-wide football play,, .offers,;.Hbctb.x East?
wo'c^ ha/i'resorted td three? mefhiodiip of gathering inforiiaat^ori, TtvIiSe? sr week, k‘ vrijrker itt NcW' Yorkgoes to- the ofj^ee 'of tho Press and Associated FVes» codleote any repels fit; their news files. Barren’s- Cliipifirig AgrineY goes a step- farth^ 'ni* providingf material from ne#S|mperh thatfanation without a ’ #essi servfee„ Weekly reports froth';fthe< state dn reetbrS of high' schpoH athleties' complete' the exterimve search for newsi Sinca Doctor PaO^Otxfk-Sii^K vey is the only orie cd its? inthe country, the: services these: sources haVe been WiliSngliy laid at
his disposal.
Last year's report gives ample evidbnee of the great redriction in deaths on the gridiron. Prom’ ^ fatalities in 1931, the mortality has dropped' to last year’s total of fl; a reduction of over per cent. 'The greatest number of- deaths occur in' high' school jfiayj whiehf is due to: the greater' numbei' «*f : flayersgaged) but its fatality xwtef per 100,000 players was loww than th»t im college. The; average rate for the past ten: years was 1.2 in- high school and 4x6 in, cc^ege. A® a comparisonv ho'wever,. tKe death rate dueto automobile fatal*£i®S' for the^ same age group was- 3:&8} last- year, which disproves any ideas that football is adangetous game.
The Hotspot
If football fans were asked which position on a football team showed^ the greatest itetality rate, over Half would give the right- answer, The position is that of left halfback
wluch- Ita4^;dit:.'pl^ ai-whbi. .maavDi. ized play, based-un.the h&lfbMk*S'e9si0§^^^\.' tnmnt of ' exposed:'ftg ■- mote--■ A:'fntthier;asta^i«ssANnini^^ most h83»rdoa»^p|«|l||ii«di| death rate ax fidlactteii' foBha^,
the
sthtdea atee»;9)a emit knoiwnvbnt it,hBa.>ilte mlalMB# complete)^:flp;.'.a-;.tree;-life answer te«no<hmr/4nes<iiw>i%liC9 h'as>''l<A«g''Been more ' than>:.'te',.the '{pftimid i^Pry left halfback and the a defensive line are hit
right. .'l%ip sor^^dpA ever):-on? the gttekferOhaidd- aiiMil^': titm that the of: ball oMmimr andtermine amount of
survey
omniV' in hear, out t^&a^URiptien.
A-;;-ste'■
First
Biih^diTbincnnrhan^v^llf^^ii^.
This year’s Bowling; Tournament is in full swing with competition keen as the tourney ( goes, into the fourth week. The ATCi’s and the Sigma- Nu’s are- tied, each having lost one game. Last year’s champs. Delta Upsilon, are close hebind with seven winning games toff heir credit, while the Delts, runners-up-, of the 1940 tourney have lost three games, winning six. The Studeivt Union will appreciate the cooperation of all thq teams in playing their games at the scheduledvtiime., -V. ,; - . .
If you must tramp in slush and wet weather be sure you have the
Ajfliitsr
Bad days needn’t keej) you in . ., ijrotect your nice shoes and sheer hosei With the “Majoress”, af.vcritublc glutton I'or punishmciit'. . . ill storm or snow! It’s of smart grained rubber.
A nBLBLE
Coats for faB and winter. Gullion’s offer a variety of overcoats and fingertip coats. Look yoiir fiest every da^ in the season’s smartest ■ : j ;■ M ■ A ..'J- ■ campus coats.
r»e. WEST LAFAYETTE
will- he held* threu^ottt'iihe: Flay’-:wii'U'biegin.»t UnimiVbiBiard' sity, will'. benrepsEseutodfi^ lowing-' teaYp Corps,- ■ E. -Pfi J. Moellm' .ahd.'6l.-ft,-dPrUs^ eree--:-wilfe''be’.']^dlt:B^ .s(mt.p]^€eper Sixty^-foui!^ um-prstt^ peting- im i^djOproiRsUeii^ 'Gar-'-'Wocal< Highr scoterfe 4» the Uriiversity of Feiatsylvu^'mi 16. k.r.
W^dnesAr,., CktobMr-2V Field . - official:'Tetias. 4 Ward .12? ss. Ward: 3,§, Oilfcial'i- Cttd*.' ' 5 Waj?a.- 2tt y^is.lSrsttd 3!t Ofitibiial;:;} JdiicK. 6 Ward' Tvs,Vtrirfa’t Off icia):, 7 Ward ?3,v^l .wditi 29. Officittii: - 8- 30 vs. Ward 27. Official: Meyer. 9 .-ll^rd- ak. val.'MFapdraS, I. . Official: Merrisott. 11 Cary Hall U vs. Cary HaU S. Official: Noland.
. Vii,*-.
INTSR-FRATENITY BOWUMC WedneMiay, OetMier 2$. : t - ' va ,6:30- ' - '
Beta Sigma: IW.ys. Pi.Kappa .Phi.- - '
Nu.
Tail Phi Kappa Fsl Triangfe vsi '^u-l^ilon Phi.: ! ; . » ‘ ■~'^oh«r te '■
Flit' vs. Acijp^ ' ; Delta 'Sw Bsfta vsk Alpha,Sigma. PW-* :Dg.l*i-,r^Uon vSteAlpha Chi . Bappa: Delta Alpha EpsHe#' Si«m*:;ll<».-.'fS-. P^sg^gaisjMlta.
, Alpha^Tsw Bjeta; ThetV B ,Al^ PhirDellA Phi Kappa Sigma ........ Phi Si^ma Kappa ........ Theta Xi . Lambda. Chi Alpha .'J..:;.Pi Kappa' Phi... Beta Sigma Psi Phi Kappa Tau..~. Sterna Khffs,* .'Slpbaj.iqramma ... UdiUacket Si^a^u vgMta tipSUpjt Plii Kapptt Psi Alpha'Chi Rho Delta Tau Delta Tau Kappa Epsilon.. Phi Kappa Alpha Sigma Phi Kappa Delta Rho Sigma Alpha Epsilon.. Acacia Phi Gamma Delta Tau Epsilon Phi Triangle .: INTERFRATERNtTY BOWUNU STATISTICS c (Fojej^A* TEhrac'-UPmiwy; : lushest team Ntt. »-***V*. I'lStjUt' MH 1,'I pyiyiiS. ■ the -been schellttdSf^.fcg afternoon. It is urged tiUkt tl| dents who are interested Slio^ sign up as soon as possible oil blanks that are avhiViblo o«d^^ '-tha-v' housed Room iBk
m4’
%.i
'I iih
Purdue Exponent
' jiY‘ "
'»>'|j,
iffim
Y
WeSmsduy^ OcMhef 2% 4941
'I ?V
lAms Take Fraternity
Softball Tourney, 2-0
Daily Health Service Keport
Ashwell Wins Ward Jobs
Cross-Country Meet
Pushing acioss two luns m the last half of the fourth inning, the
K K Gjeniie, junioi in the Sci-
For ’ Janes
Civil Service Examinations
Pieshman Ashwell, winner of the
^ , 1 1 All campus cioss country, raced
katr^ riefeatert the SAE team in ence school, and R C Pacholski, j ,.1, 4, 4.1, i Atxits aeieatea rne oACi tediu m ^ three touiths mile
the finals bf the inter-fratermty fieshman engineei entered the St , ,
Bofthall tournament, 2-0 The game Elizabeth hospital foi surgical A Part of the course and won the
Was a Ditchers battle between treatment, J E Chiistiao, senior Cary Hall cross country meet yes j, 4.1, tt <4 1 Hhi^m of the AGR’s and Habicht science student, and Eleanor Hai- terday afternoon, barely nosing out nual examination of the U Cwil
of thb SAE’s iison, senior science student, were another frosh, Sewaid
admitted to the Home hospiiial for
medical treatment
Purdue Gymnastic Club Practice every Union Sopbomores* PollBwlnB members week day from d 6 p m Tumbling and of the Browsing Boom meet 1ft hand balancing every Tues Thurs and Union office at 4 15 p to Towday Oct 28 Sat Apparatus woik every :Mon Wed and Moose Plnton Hiller, Taylor Kaplan^
. . • Will hold a steak fty tom or- Those mteiested are asked to work French McQuiaton Stoeltitig west , , j, j. j e o on odt at the indicated times —POZER huusvjn row in back of stadium at 6 30 ^ ^ - .
Alpha Uambda Delta All members want 6 3o"p* m In baS of the ing pins must placC order before Wednes union^ Please'bring^’ui own Service meat day Oct 29 Price is $3 76 Bring or send one oP<^n dish In case of money to South Hall ioom_Z38„_ ruin postpone to later date
Undergraduate Dames
p m In case of ram it will be post-
poned to latei date
All senior women interested must file their applications foi the an-
Classified
Ads
-CORNTHWAITB
—VOLLMER
Mechanical Engineers The American SpV , -r, ,„iii ckty Of Mechanical Enginccis membership Newman Club Discussion anniications may bo obtained in the gen meet in room 305 of the Union luesuay
Fans Help
Last week’s game ended in a tie, whbn the SAE looteis liteially lode
Service Commission by Monday,
The Ward and Cary Hall meets Nov 3 Application forms may be ^Moncy t^s^i^an^^_on an^^th.ng^of jalu.^ weie run off simultaneously, as obtained at any fiist qr second class Jewelers 407 Columbia St
Marv J Davton, sophomoie sci theie were not enough contestants office The examination will be Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes , , rt . . .1 n- crivon iinHpi title of “Tiininr Pin sold rented repaired and purchased Mime
4., 1 1 4. 41 4-1, cnee student was dismissed from to waiiant lunnig them off sepa given unaei iiue 01 uumoi mo ograpj, woik done c J Ebersholt 606 Mam then opponents hurlei out of the receiving med lately Because Waid 23 was the fessional Assistants foi the Option Lafayette Phone 2-^0 _ paik and then teams lally was tieatment K K Kegaiieis, only ward to have a full team on Technician, Business Analysist, arid Promisory note m Umm Budding aided by the pitchers loss of con engineei, D L New- the tiack, they were automatically al Fields of Junioi Administrative Crooks Return to West Desk
Bv kouse, junior metallurgy student, declaied winners, although they did Ecoriomist, in Lafayette m the Experienced student soda clerks
re use o e ra e ^ oato G F Scantland, fieshman engineer, not place a man in the fiist six to near future Thirty cents per hour Apply G o Arbuckic
an airtight defense, had the SAE ^ ^ Pacholski, freshman en finish P.vmviinnt
battels eating out of his hand , ^ , ,, , ,4, 4,4., gineer, weie dismissed fiom St
With one out in then half of the , ’
Examinations cowimg other sub-
Cary Hall South
Ashwell IS a membei of the Fiosh Jects will be announced in January, between Sixth and Wai
A Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity Oct 29 at 4 p m
’ ’ ■ an " ' ’ '
idi
applications may bo obtained in the gen oral office of the Mechanical Engineers budding —BOLZ Engineer Subscribers Anyone who has not leceiVcd a copy of the October issue please notify our office —SCOBEE Battery Athletic Officers There will be a meeting of all BAO s at 4 p m Thursday Oet 30 in room 205 of the Armory
—LT R r VBANDERIORD
Scabbard and Blade Members Pdinal meeting in the Union Wednes lay O t 2J at 7 30 p m —SULLAVIN WAA Hockey Practices Monday Wed neaday and Friday Optober 37 29 and 31
foi class team eligibility
-HARRISON
Purdue Players Petitions for erew heads for Petiilied Forest are due Wednesday
—KLCK
1 4. Elizabeth hospital aftei leceivmg Prn‘?s rountiv team but had never 1942, but without the thiee options dron streets and the Stadium m West La Union Workers There will be a commit fourth inning, the AGR S began to nuapicd .a vius cross countiy team, out naa never ’ please got m touch with the tee meeting of the following people in the ■mnvp whon Riltv cnllidprl with the SUlglcal treatment done any distance running before mentioned above beniois ana grad- president of the Lambda Chi Alpha fra Union office Wednesday Oct 29 at 4 p m
move when Butz collided with the first baseman Sumner then foi
Saiah Snyder junioi science sth- his work here The effects of tiain- ^^te students, who will complete termty
lowed with a two baggei into centei Wmtenowd, senioi mg weie well in evidence at the the lequued Special courses prior field The next battei went out to economics student, weie dis meet, foi the fiist six men to cioss to July 1, 1942, are eligible the infield On the next play Kraft mussed from St Elizabeth hospital the finish line woie the green jer Furthei infoimation conceining L„gt „„ campus"
For Sale ly tailored Phone 666
Man b full dress suit beautiful worn a few times a bar},ain
Chestnut Gwinn Christy ^cDonald
Cnri Adams Alter
Gee and Phillii
—WORL
Kappa Psi Impoitant meeting, Thuisday
aftei leceiving medical treatment
ESMDT Program
■was safe on a low thiow to fiist, Sumnei and Butz scoiing The next battel popped out to end the inning This finished the scoiing foi the
ball game (Continued fiom page 1) Vine Play suivey made last summei coveimg The backstops played an excep- the needs of defense plants thiough
tional brand of ball foi both teams, out the state
their aleitness preventing any base Defense Classes Here, Too
stealing The SAE huilei Habicht,
was also outstanding although he is done through the Univeisity’s 3, seventh Lucas, Waid 23 eighth did not leceive the necessaiy sup night couises in the 45 cities, the Davis Ward 23, ninth Fleming, poit in the field campus piopei caiiies its shaie of Waid 23, tenth, Quackenbush, Waid
Shoemakei the AGR left fielder the teaching load Classes aie given 23 rbb made seveial good catches, one of heie foi local men and women in
which choked off an SAE lally in vaiious technical couises, such as p
the last inning The game was time and motion study, elementaly
seys of the Rhinie tiack squad minimum qualifications may be ob- B B Burtner Tel 403i
These boys were almost a half mile tamed fiom the Placement Seivice ahead of the other lunneis who had foi Women in the Executive build-
not been in tiaining for lunnmg of mg e h a
any sort
A Protest
a shdt lule Name on
Oct 30 at 7 30 p
Union
and Wednesday Oct 29 at 7 SO
p m Toi 1C IS MurriaEG in the Catholic
Church —RUNNION Alpha Phi Omega Pledge meeting Wed-
nesday Oct 28 at 4 30 p m in the Swedish
Lounge of the Union Actives invited
—^olGLLK
ASME Members There will be a general business meeting of the American Society of Mechanical Engineeis Thursday evening Oet 30 in room 302 of the Union Members come < ut for discussion of arrangements for futuie activities —TOPINKA Sorority Social ChalrmeQ Meeting In Dean Stiattons office in the Executive building Wednesday Oct 22 at 4 p m
—STRATTON
Tau Beta Pi Pledges Informal initiation Friday Oct 31 at 4 30 p m in room 103 ot the Union —MUNGER All Sophomore Union Workers Thoro will be a meeting ot all sophomore Union woi leers Ihursday Oct 30 at 6 p m in loom 303 of the Union Everyone be there 1
—KNIGHT
rta Kappa Nu Pledges Meeting in read iiif, loom of Llcetncal Engineering build
in room 30f if the ing Thuisday Oct 30 at “I P
-SCOTT
Notices
The order of finish was as foi lows fiist Ashwell CH 3, second, Seward CH 11, thud Young CH
4, fouith, Mounsey, Waid 3, fifth, , , , . , .........—
A14.U u u 4> iU 4. e TTooc Woid eligibility of an entiy who lan in be paid before Wednesday Oct Although much of the instiuction Haiiei, Ward 3, sixth Haas, Waid fraternity cross countiy to South Hall
Coed Business Staff F )i Wednesday Oct 29—Martin Keim Riddell Elliott Ftarney Van Epeps Wilson —SIESS Sliver Mask Regulai mcctinj, Tuesday Nov 4 in room 302 of the Union Plcdj^infc, to be discussed —TOWER
filed m the intiamuial office lyJamore lesulted in the investigation of the
played in les§ than a half an hom d m s
meet As a result of then findings, the intiamuial office announces that Delta Chi is the official winnei, with
Alpha Chi Rho second Car! J, Martin
Poultry Club Meetini, Ih raday O t
Sigma Delta Chi Dinnei meeting for all 30 at 7 30 p m in room 303 of the Union actives Wednesday Oct 29 at 6 p m at —ARVIDSON
•TRAUGOTT —
— Fencers Those o t foi fcncini, list we k Alpha Lambda Delta Initiates Dues must ind those v ho Ceneed her list year i le ise
Bring repoit to fencing room Ihur day or 1 ri
room 231 day Oet JO oi 31 hetveen 3 and | m —CORNTHWAITE TOWER
SOUTHMAYD
YWCA Memlerships must he turned In at the YWCA office in the Union before Saturday Nov 1 REED All Sophomore Union Workers Who have little movi convo tickets please bung monfey oi tickets to the Union office by Wednesday* Oct 2) —REHVES Glider Club Important meeting Thurs day Oct 30 it 16 p m an room 304 of the Union All old membeis bring dues it possible —CArrDL Srabhard and Blade Stab meeting Wednes lay Oet 29 at 7 30 p m in room 30J of the Ui ion SULLIVAN
fiist Lt in the Air Corps Base
istiy of Powdei and Explosives ’ Oiigmally given as a six weeks in tensive couise this summei, “Row del and Explosives’ is now a full
Pretty Paulette Goddard is allied with Bob Hope in the comedy and romantic involvments of “Nothing But The Truth,” the new Paramount laugh hit currently raising roars at the Mars Theatre
Belly Hegele
RISK
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK
DR HAROLD J
— DENTISTS
400 404 Schultz
4th and Main St
Bldg
Lafayette
spoke heie Monday moining to the juniors who are specializing in clothing Miss Hegele is the “Maltha Alden” clothing specialist with the Pequot Sheets Company She specialized in clothing and tex tiles in the Home Economics School of this University and graduated in 1939
inetalluigy (foi aluminum plant an effoit to assist Hoosiei in woikers), engmeeiing diawing, and dustiies, especially thoseg woiking
the like defense contracts, Capt'^Kenneth Personnel at Headquaiters heie has One of the most inteiestmg, and g Kline, detiied aimy officei and keen piomoted to the lank of cap most dangeious of the legulai until lecently in chaige of the pio tain, the Wai Depaitment an
couises being offeied heie IS Chem tection seivice at the Charlestown nounced today Ind powder plant has been added Captain Mai tin was foimeily a to the staff of the Univeisity Public student and instiuctoi at the Uni Safety Institute Capt Kline foi veisity as well as being a teachei meily was on the instiuctional staff at Jeffeison High School prioi to
time subject A similar twelve week m the militaiy depaitments of Rut coming on active duty here Sept part time course is being taught in gg^g j.j^g univeisities of both 1 1940 Duiing his collegiate caieei Indianapolis howevei with the jjoith and South Dakota but has he was active as a membei of the students coming here on Saturdays been in personnel or plant piotec Reamer Club Newman Club and
for their laboiatoiy woik woik foi seveial yeais a cadet officei
Flight Training Assists
To illustiate the continually ex pansive natuie of the ESMDT pio glam Gillespie eited the new eouise in flight tiainmg being given at Kokomo This aeionautical eouise will aid a moie direct phase of na tional defense by assisting students in passing then legulai pilot exam-
inations
Anothei task undeitaken by Prof Beese and the Univeisity piogram has been the establishment of a course in ‘Modem Field Problems in Highway Engmeeiing” at Gieen field Since highways aie extieniely vital to modem high speed aimy movements this and similai couises aie ceitainly valuable at this time
Students!
REAL HELP
TO HIGHER GRAVES! j
Bg Con
NEW
A big help to you for school now — in business later Has MAGIC* Mar g n Touch Control* Machine features venient Carrying Case Royal s Self Teacher in eluded Monthly Payment
Plan
* T ado M* k R«9. os. M Off
ROYAL PORTABLE DECKER’S
518 MAIN STREET
PHONE 5036
II welcome ice cold Coca Cola just as often and as surely as thirst comes You taste its quality the quality of genuine goodness Icc cold Coca Cola gives you the taste that charms and never clo>s You get the feel of complete refreshment, buoyant refreshment Thirst asks siolhing moie
BOTTICD Ul ItP AIJTIIO UY Or
ro A CO ITANY BY
You trust its quality coca cola bottling co
6th and Salem
Phono 4937
Witty, wise, and clever, too f'' Hep to all that makes Purdue Always the life-boy of the party He reads Debris, this Smarty Arty
YOU BE SMART TOO
SUBSCRIBE TO
1942 DEBRIS
DON’T MISS YOUR CHANCE TO GET MOLESKIN SLACKS (Tan Shade Only)
The ideal slack for school wear by underclassmen who are not pnvilaged to wear the Senior Cord. These moleskins were made to our own specifications for Purdue Students by your own request. GET YOUllS TODAY!
Sizes 27 to 42 waist in regulars, shorts, longs Pleated with Zippers
$0.00
500MAIHST
CLOTHFS’"S
J’H',
* J#
It
i di