t if 9.
■ V t
6 Eds As Eest Dressed^ OnEampus >
z-its
xpanem
4fl
r;||^
Volume 52, No. 181
Wept lac^qcyotte, Indiana
—PHOTO BY GRAEBNER. . Jane Pavey Vinton “Sis” Taylor Peggy Davis • Helen “Tot” McQueein Janice Yeoman By JHary Kay Miller Here they are, the eleven (not ten) best dressed students; The judges give them to you as their choice for the representatives for the well dregsed people on eampus. The five co-eds, who are chosen for their always well dressed appearance for their good taste in choosing their clothes, ar^ Peggy Davis, Helen McQueen, Jane Pavey, Viflton Taylor and Janice Yoehaan. The six winning nien are Jim Chase, P. 0. Douglas, John Ja'rrett, Charlie Martin, Dave Ranfcin and Bob Schuerman. These men were chosen for their ability to choose becoming clothes and for their ability to wear the well chosen clothes. Several of the local stores aided in this contest by donating several practical prizes which include sweaters, shoes, trousers, hose, cologne, a purse and others. The winners of the contest will receive their awards this
week. ■ ■ ■
This contest has proved wrong the reputation of sloppy dressing that the campus has received. With these eleven people chosen to represent the well dressed people on campus, it is shown that the campus does have
well dressed students.
Students Will Elect SophomorBf. Junior
Representatives To Senate Tomorrow P. D. Bailleft Will Talk Tomorrow is ele^ion day for-the Student Senate, when the > m ' • ■ ■ student body will vote for their sophomore and junior represen- Jq AHICriCSn ChBITIICdl
tatives for next year’s senate. The voting will be restricted to the present freshmen and sophomores. Polls will be open from
7:30 a. m. until 5:30 p. m. in the Union.
Eight Juniors
First organization meeting of the newly founded Purdue Athletic Council was held yesterday afternoon in the Fieidhouse offices. The nine student members, who will be the charter members bf the infant organization that received stud^t ratification' only last week, discussed plans for the coming year and, laid plans for the election of officers which will- be conducted this afternoon at 4:00 p. m. in Athletic Director Mai Elward’s office.
Eligible Members
The members of the council, all of whom .are eligible for election to the three offices, are Jirh Adams, Jim Mercer, Jphn Clouser, Vaughn Hill, Charlie Standard, Bill Maierhoferj Bill Campbell, Dick Raney, and Gordon Petersen. The last two named are present junior members of the fornier SAA, and will-serve on the council the first year.
Electoral Board ,
In addition to the nine members, ' the electoral board which will conduct the election this afternoon will include the senior managers of football, basketball, track, and baseball along with the two faculty menibers of the council. The senior managers are Bob Colquhoun, Bilk Kettler, Roger Bone, Harley Wheeler, Ralph Heckel, Johnny Davis, and Gil Keg- ' erris. Assistant Athletic Director C. S. Doan will represent Mai Elward today. The final member of the board will be Professor G. A. Young, or another member of the Faculty Athletic Affairs Com-
mittee.
Eight students will be elected to head pext year’s junior representatives. These together with the present members will head the executive board as well as the senate committees. The candidates are: Pharmacy and Physical Education, J. H. Sandleben and Ed Hincks; agriculture, Sigurd Peterson, Felix West, Howard piesslin, aud Robert Zollman; Science, Ted Novey, Jane Ballard, Harwood Armstrong, and Phyllis Scarff; Home Economics, Robert Glezen and Beverlee Raber; Mechanical Engineering, John Wilcok, Tom Gardner, Bob Weigel, Jackson O’Connell, and Kenneth Grant; Electrical Engineering, Harry Smith, Tom Klaush^^yep; Bobi^rt Wilson I bheipical and |[otalluigi<?al EngmeeHng, Wiliam ’foj^lar, John Bruck; ap4 D, Silva; Oiyif, Public industrial H. Qison. One will bo #om each of the pre-^
ceding
Freshman Senators Freshmen will vote for their representatives, one from each of tbe following grpnps to be chosen: Agriculture, Joe Hannon, Howard Hites, Tilley and Richard Crane; Pharmacy and Physical Education, Ralph Eberts, Willarff Sheiliy, aP4 B^ipund Ruch; Horne E<3opb^ic|, Bette Jacebsen, Margaret MeHaer, arid Pois QaldweU; Science, J. Bichard Lundquist, Joan SuUiyau,’ and Lucinda Be4rHhP^ More Freshmen - Four of the following yqU chosen to represent the apgiq^^hf schools: Bpbert GaUatin, Jim Don Thomas, Ben j# Dawson* Goi’dpn Hogman, Legert, Bill Badger, Dqn Ralph Barnes, Paul Miller, Giffpfd Hoiden, William Walker, WUHam Caasady, Ted Chapman, Bob BoylsPassports will be require4 in orcler to vote; w.m.c.e,w.n.
Dr. M. P. Calherwood
Dr. Martin P^^ Catherwood, who attended the University from 1923’25, has been recently appointed commissioner of the newly created Division of Commerce of New York State. Catherwoods job is to unite the Division of State Planning, the Bureau of State Publicity and the new Bureau of Industry that will work for the state in stiniulating industry.. It is notable that his father, B. F; Catherwood, was enrolled here at the University at the same time he attended school. His father graduated froni the University in ’24, and Teceiyed his M. S. degree at Cornell University in 1925. Catherwood was pn the teaching staff at Cornell before his appointpient to the CPpimissioner’s position. mJ.l. Ags Will St^e 1141 Fry At
Fish fry ut G^WP RPtayy, located on Tippecanoe River, hus been arranged by Fanw Management and General Agriculture student committpca, headed by Johp E. Walley. Scheduled for Friday afternoon, at 4 o’clock, the i? open to all students and staflE mq^b^r's iptereste4'in fho two options. TiqHqtS ohtaine4 fi’oiu the office of Dr. Bpt^, pr froip Gene Snyder, at a price pf 3b cents. Transportation will be prpyMed for all who w:i3h to go.
7S Coufdes
Phi
... social fraternity, announces the pledging of Robert Scclze, ’44, of Chicago, 111.
. . and^ a multitudfi qf atpgs gathered in terday afternopp/to attend a Student Uniqp apqpscp’od tea danep from 4 IfP m.’ Mqqiq the dancing was f b? Blind with^is recbrmhgs.
Members of the University chapter of the American Chemical Society Will hear Dr. Paul. D. Bartlett, of the departnient of chemistry at Harvard University, tonight at 7:30 at the regular monthly meeting of the organization in room 106 of the chemistry building. A dinner at 6 o’clock in the Union will precede the meeting at which Dr. Bart-
lett will talk:
Dr. Bartlett, a native of Michigan, received his A. B. degree from Amherst College and his M. and Ph. D. from Harvard. Since receiving his doctor’s degree he has been associated with th® Rockefeller Institute as a research fellow and with the University of Mjpuesota as an instructor prior to his returning to Harvard where he now holds the position of assistant professor of
chemistry. ^
At the Milwaukee xpfi^tipg qf the AChS Dr. Bartlett was awarded the Langmujr award ip recognition of his research work. His interests have been engaged principally in stereocheinistry, organic reactions, and molecular rearrangements.
r.l.h. ' ■
TKA Plans Hatiopsl Defense Discussion Tau Bappa Alpha, forensic honorary, will sponsor a fprum tornorr row' evening at 7:30 on MpqUege Students and National Defqnse” in the ap4i^qu4“ of i^be Hopl Rcbnqmiqa bpiMinf • Tbq apeakgra fqr ‘his forum will be Gordon Enders, popular history lecturer, a member of the military department, and q stupent representative. ni^ia fqrum wilT discuss in an impartml manner, selective service a^ its effect qp the college student. It will be an attempt to discuss thq mattq? qf *1^^ angle of the S'tqJent and his contribution to natiqhai defense. hqnorary announced this as an open meeting for faculty, townspeople as well as the members of the UAiversity speech classes, e.w.n.
...ii-Frpini AH Frpiilff--^ Today's Summary Of War News
to Ckicaso Daily Hews Foreign Service. Dopyright. 1940. .Chicago Daffy Hews, Ine f Hess Sane; To Save World “I have come to save humanity,” Rudolph Hess is quoted as saying on his arrival in Scotland. One report is that he feared Hitler was about to form an alliance with Stalin, and preferred to cast in his lot with Britain. Hess is asserted on medical authority to be sane. f Hess In III Health Party circles in Berlin, cables David M. Nichol, say Rudolf Hess has been suffering “first from a lung wound he received in the World War and later from nervousness, sleeplessness and stomach trouble. Unable to find relief through regular doctors he had"turned, they said, to palmists and astrologers.” • England Scores Again Irrespective of reasons, cables William H. Stoneman from London, Hess’ act “is regarded as one of the most sensationally favorable developments that has come England’s way since the beginning of the war ... It can be made into the most terrific propaganda ammunition for use within Germany.” • Hitler Attoffipfs U. S. Scare “Adolf HiUer is using the current Franco-German negotiations and reports of a forthcoming meeting with Josef Htalin as“ a sort of scarecrow to restrain .American bellicosism, it is believed here today,” radios Paul Ghali from Vichy. • Heat Slows Fighting In Cairo ,, f‘An all-time high temperature of 116 degrees in the shade is believed to have been reached in Cairo this past week-end,” cables Richard Mowrer. The lull in the fighting in the western desert is believed to be due in a large extent to the heat. • Vichy Blamed For Suez Move “The arrival of German panzer divisions in Libya, with the resultant threat to Suez and Great Britain’s whole Mediterranean position, was made possible, reliable quarters revealed yesterday, by the connivance of the Vichy government,” cables John T. Whitaker from Lis-
bon.
• Turk lndependence At Stake “If the Turks at Ankara are depending upon Russian assistance in opposing German demands then democracies might as well write Turkey off th^ist of still independent countries at once, according to opinion current here,” writes Edgar Ansel Mowrer from Washington. Gdd Peppers Elect Season's Officers Officers for next year’s Gold Peppers organization, senior co-ed activity honorary, were elected last night in the Union. Mary Ellen Scarff was elected president; Donna Bi^ss, vice-president; Barbara Pel- ‘ lows, secretary and Barbara Ann Adkins, treasurer. Movies of the Gold Peppers initiation banquet were shown to the members last night. 'The group also agreed to hold a senior “coke” party for afl members in the Sweet Shop on Friday at 4 o’clock.'This will he a strictly private party, r.h.r. G. A. Stewart . . . senior chemical Engineer who received a U. S. Navy commission as Lieutenant, Jvmiqr Grade, “no reasons for distinction” from other student applicants “being/apparent,’’ as stated in yesterday’s Exponent, has the follovring record, it was Iqqrned las|. liigRt. INfq honorable JisqqaTgqq U. S. Army, graJuate of Army Air Corps technical school, Bantoul; assistant instructor, Pept. of Ground Photography, Army Air Corps technical school; two years professional experience in civil engineering.
Wednesday# May 14, X94i >'4^,
“r+-
Finals of the Hanley Speech contest will be held tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the Home Economics auditorium. W. A. Hanley, ME ’ll, has donated the prizes amounting to $100, of which $35 will be given to the winner of -first place, $26 to second place, $15 to third, $10 to fourth and $6 to fifth and sixth. The contest will be open to the public. Only engineering students may enter the contest. They may discuss any any subject, but it must be treated from the economic standpoint. The finalists competing tonight have been chosen from a series of preliminary contests, judged by R. M. Horn. Each speech will be seven minutCs long. The speakers are Dick Bpringgate, Ben Johnson, Don Sinish, Robert Weiss, Louis
Cohen and William Swager.
The judges are Professor A. BL Monroe and F. H- Lull of the speech department and W. A. Wiley Si the
Economics department.
The contest is sponsored by the Forensic Board and it will, mark the end of forensic activities for this
year, m.1.1.
14 New Vice-Presideiits Electoral Board Will Announce Senior Executive Elections Tonight At Banguet Fourteen sophomores were elected to fill junior vice-president positions in the Student Union by the electoral board last night. Of these, ten men and lour co-eds were chosen by the board which consisted of President E. C. Elliott, L. M. Vallely, and the junior and senior officei's of the Student Union. These sophomores will serve as executive vice-presidents in their respective departments during the 1941-42 school year. • ■ '' • / ■■■ The following sophomores were elected to vice-president positions last night: Jake Davis, Phi Delta' *Theta; Ralph Deuster, Phi Kappa Psi; Ed Esping, Phi Sigma Kappa; Ken Gossett, Phi Gamma Delta; George Hoffer, Phi Kappa Psi; Harry Hudson, Sigma Chi; and Chuck
Lewis, Delta Tau Delta.
Jim Reeves, Delta Tau Delta; Bob Seeburger, Delta Upsilon; Dick Wori, Theta Chi. The following coeds have been elected: Bathryn Bertsch, Pi Beta Phi; Calista Creel, Pi Beta Phi; Jeanette Haynes, Kap-^ pa Alpha Theta, and Dorothy Web-
er, Pi Beta Phi. <
Tonight the electoral board will hold its annual banquet in the Old Chestnut Room of the Union, following which, the new senior executives for 1941-’42 will be announced, according to retiring president, A. C.
Clarke. j.f.z.
Senior ROTC Cadets Receive Recognition Por Artillery Merit Presentation of awards to outstanding feOTC offScers was made at ^the Corps Day review On Intramur- ' al Field yesterday. Reserve OffScers’ Association presented medals to the folloking seniors' as outstanding meifibers of their class : Cadet Col. W. G. Meese, Cadet Col. L. E. Aull, Cadet C6L B: W, Gibson, Cadet Col. W. A. Ward; Cadet Col. M. E. Keahe, and Cadet Col. J. R. Blackwell. Sons of t^e Ahierican Revolutimi* awarded medals for comnmnd examinations _and gun squad comitetition. These ^w|;rds were wop by Cadet Captain B- S. Jackewicz; highest grade oil the senior command examination; Cadet Second Lieutenant E. Hi Smith, highest grade in the'junior command examination; Cadet R. W. Schoej, chief of section of the section that won first- place-in the combined gun squad competitinn; and Cadet J. E. Schwager, chief of section of the section that won, first place in the freshman gun squad competition.
w.g.h.
literary Club Announces Pledging Of 36 RiHteab Thirty-six students were pledged to the Senvenen Clqb, literary organizatibn, at a ceremony held in room 263 of the Union yesterday afternoonV Chester Riegle, president, adniinistered the • opthi' Frances Estep, pledge captain, took charge of the meeting to announce the pledge duties. ': The following students were pledged; Victor Allwardt, Franklin Levin, Morris Miller, Ellen Searight, Genevieve Hnsted, Ben Johnson, Don Brophy, John Amos, Don Brewer, Robert GallaHn, Robert Skallerup, Retty _ Wedffe, Ardath Praptner, Bette Poole, Carolyn Wood, Marcum Schneider, Dorothy Ragsdale, Miqc HqRshaiiffht James Jackson, JjEffpaqs MoCotd, Mkrthaeunice McHafffie, Don Smith, PriS' cilia Carr, Ralph Troeblood, Jane Dunbar, Margaret Graves, David Barta, Seth Wheatley, Wilhur Spr^ker, Bertram Squiers, *L. M, Stettenh^s, William Besnick, Warren Robinson, and Mary Boytttqn. f.e,,' AFewDebris ... iffe sHU remaining whieh pay he purchased in the oiMee in the IFh'; iotti, it was aimounced last evealtegJ
American Society of Civil Engineers will hold their annual banquet tomorrow evening at, 6 ;30’ in room 361 of the Union. This will be a joint meeting of the University and Rose Poly student chapters and the Indi-
ana Section of ASCE.
George T. Seabury, national sec-
retary of ASCE, of New York will he the guest speaker. Prof. R. B. Wiley, head of the school of civil engineering, will present awards of two junior memberships to selected seniors. The awards are spqnsored
by the Indiana Section of ASCE. A third stmior will be awarded a
junior membership fpr the best ’ term paper in" Highway Engineering. This avvard i§ sponsored by R. R. Bi’ooks, Consulting Engineer and member of the Missoqn Stute High-
way Commission, St. Louis; L. B. McCammoh,' president of the
University student chapter, will act as tpastmaster. Some very clever entertainmeut has been planned by a few members of the senior class
in civil engineering. w.m.c. ; Newman Club Members Will Meet At Turkey Run Members of the University New-
man Club will attenj the annual triclub picnic at Turkey Run, May 18. Npwman clubs of Butler and Indi-ana-are the: other two. groups that
will participate in the picnic. Busses will be provided at a cost
of not more than 50 cents per person for the round trip. The busses are scheduled to leave fropt St. Mary’s school hall at 9 o’clock on Sunday morning. Nodp lunch will be free to members but will cost
non-members 25 cents. - , Reservations may be made by
calling Bud Luers or Bob Brock be-
fore Friday noon, m.1.1.
TfT ' '■f
'"MiI
>1
M
fioi^ 2-£ditL
Wednesday* May 14* 1941
fiuJtdusL SxpofuunL
Jimsdjif JjoUl
An Editor's Life or, Move Over, Rover
Women's Baseball Begins John H. CpIUer
Today; Juniors vs Frosh
Co-ed class baseball games will begin today at 4 p. m., with the freshman-junior game. Tomorrow the freshmen will compete against the combined senior - sophomore team, and on Friday the juniors will play against the senior-sophomore team, thus completing the schedule. Those eligible to play in the game "today are A. Bandelier, E. Baughman, H. Campbell, D. Compton, B. Galbraith, D. Patton, R. Rule, R. Ross, M. Overly, :|I.rHouston and B. Miller for the freshman team and K. Ade, 0. Blagrave, V. Pitch, J. Harrison, E. Kirkoff, M. Laswell, E. McKee, A. Reed, M. Pidgeon and B. Van Nice for the junior team. m.1.1.
Alpha Kappa Lambda
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Profestional
• School Supplies
Risk Denfsl Clinic
DEAC'S
OR. PAUL A RISK DR. LUTHER A RISK DR.HAROLD {.RISK D MMn Sta. Ph®n* 5710
Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware
Quality Mdse.—Right Prices
822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Dairy Products > M. E. MOREHOUSE
Complete Line of Greeting Cards
DAIRY
University Book Store
QUALITY MILK Phorte 46214
M. C "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" l^ple '40
Locksmith
Keys and Locks for trunks, door locks, desk night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a spedalty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. ^
MULHAUPrS aO».|| MianaMlf'
V
The ^th Column
Someone once said that the mark of an intelligent mind was the rareness with which the wise one breaks his silence. At least no one can pass judgment on the man who has nothing to say. But the man who voices his opinions every day has no such protection. An editor is such a person. In spite of the fact that he may have little or nothing to say he is expected every day to make some sage observations on the events of the day. He may be suffering from indigestion, final exams or a broken heart but every night some hard hearted night editor will ask for an editorial. He may be perfectly peace loving with not a care in the world, he may even have a bad case of spring fever but someone always ’ accosts him and demands that he scream at somebody or something. If it isn’t the Peace Committee it’s the Prom Committee. If it isn’t the students it’s the faculty. And all the editor can think about is that picnic he was planning along Wildcat Creek. He may be just as confused as the next man about the draft situation, or he may be bewildered by the turn of world events but some reader is sure to complain that he doesn’t have the courage of his convictions to oppose or support important issues. Or he may take a stand in favor of Selective Service and then find that mocking fate has given him No. 268 in his local draft board. Then, of course, aside from the fact that he carries coals to Newcastle, he is also expected to go to school, write outstanding term papers and reports, get by the Committee on Standards in English, and support his professor’s pet clubs or programs in the paper. His acquaintances soon divide themselves into two classes— those who agree with him and those who would gladly cut his throat. The good friends become better friends and the bad friends become enemies. Slowly but surely, unless he has the ability to project himself into the fourth dimension for brief interludes, he degenerates into a cynical, tongue lashing tyrant with no regard for anyone’s feelings or dignity. He even hates himself and sometimes says so. We’re not griping. We wouldn’t have it any other way. But we are suggesting that the man who coined the expression “a dog’s life” should have looked into the pandemonium that is “an editor’s life.”
According to the daily newspapers. The Exponent. Radio newscasts. By word of mouth. And the^Chicago Tribune. Rudolf Hess escaped from a family ‘quarrel in Germany to a nice quiet farm in Scotland. And the German news agencies admitted. Officially. That Hess was lost in an airplane. Also emphasizing that he was mentally cuckoo. Now any German who has been Hitler’s bosom pal too long. And does what Hess did." Is a man after our own hearts.
A gentleman, a scholar, and a bit of a fool.
Reports also stated that Hitler had forbidden Hess to fly an airplane. Perhaps even to the extent of taking away his pilot’s license. Which helps explain why officials in Scotland had to arrest him. An ambassador without portfolio.
As for his mental hallucinations. With which U. S. politicians are supposedly well equipped. Hess must have become tired of social life in Berlin. Under the Gestapo ...
Hitler’s Bosom Bad Boys. * ♦
Leaving us with the suspicion that the former Nazi No. 8 man just dropped in to attend one of London’s famous “Bank Night” bombing raids. Where. You either get it or you don’t.
Of course it can’t be that Berlin hasn’t had its share of bombing raids. Unless the press has left us in the dark. It seems that compared with Nazi raids on London. RAF raids on Berlin are just.. . A lick and a promise.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered u Meond ■!■■■ matter at the peat oWae fai Imfajrette, Indiana, under the aet of Congreaa of Mareh >, 1879, and at the apeeial rate of postage provided for in section UOS, aet of Oetober S, 1917, authorised January tO, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Seaslan. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mall subscription, $8.60. BdHar-in-Cblef. R. W. Danakua Buainsas Manager : ... Marla ■agamayar PubUeatio* Staff News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Eiditar — D. K. Bbiple Associate Editovs: 17. A. Ochiltree, J. A.-FureeU, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. I'raugott. Butinats Staff liocal AdvertUing Managers: D, S. Powers, G. C. Ijandars ; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemaier; Aeoonnls Manager, R. J, Shadfdlrd; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ad Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Sicas. Sparta Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phona: Editorial 4005; Busineta 8471; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National- Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 429 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This lisua Night Editor, Amos Day Editor, Worsley Issue' Editor, Hoskins Sports Editor, Clark Staff: M. L. Losey, E. W. Nordlinger, P. A. Howard, J. F. Zinski, M. K. Boynton, R. L. Hadley, E. M. Swarts, W. Hoskins, W. M. Clark, L. Stettenbenz.
All Campus
WBAA
Wesley Foundation
. . . CE class of ’06, has been named president of the Crane Company, Chicago. Collier has served the 410 million dollar corporation as vice-president in charge of pro-
duction since 1933.
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Wallace R. Parker, Stilesville; William M. Pugh, West Lafayette; and Robert C. Sherman, West" Lafayette. Gordon Durnbaugh was recently pledged. The following officers have been elected: Richard Parkinson, pi^esident; Doyle Kilty, vice-president; James A. Meyer, rush chairman; William M. Pugh, recording secretary; and Robert H. Hass, corresponding secretary.
WEDNESDAY 11:00—“Far Eastern Problems” — Mr. Gordon Enders 11:50—Purdue News 42:00—^Farm Facts 12:15—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Market Reports 1:00—“Principles of Sociology”— Prof. T. K. Noss 1:46—Monitor Views the News 2:00—Elizabeth Ourap Enders 2:16—Joanne Lloyd—^pianist 2:30—^The Bookman 2:45—Hymn Echoes — Mrs. Irvin Jackson 3:00—Science Review 3:15—Foods-Facts-Fancies » 3:30—Moods in Music 3:46—Ruth Schlott—singer 4:00—^Lest We Forget 4:16—^News of the Week 4:30—Melody Maids 4:46—Story Book Hour 6:00—Concert Strings 6:30—Music of the Day
. . . will hold its annual informal reception for Methodist high school seniors at the Foundation House Friday evening at 8 p. m. Welcome to the seniors will be voiced by William Peterson and Ann Piefee. Games will be led by Darrel Roach, while refreshments will be served by Glaydis Basinger. All I^bundation members are invited.
You may be able to beat this one, but . . . Dr. J. M. Steadman, jr., professor of English at Emory university, has met an eight o’clock class every morning for 17 years.
THEc^5#
WAY
IS THE
And the ''right'' styling in our new Fortune Shoes is as rigidly prescribed as the cut, cjplor or braid of a naval captain's dress uniform.
NOW SHOWING - DOUBLE FEATURE-
The Best Picture of _ 1940 — REBECCA with LAURENCE OLIVER JOAN FONTAINE PLUS
LAUREL & HARDY
— ADDED — Information Please with WENDEL WILLKIE
ARC
— LAST TIMES TODAY SMASHING ACTION!
JACK HOLT
'"FUGITIVE FROM A
NIKON CAMP
— AND —
PLUS
'GREEN ARCHER'
— THURS.-FRI.-SAT.— MARKED MEN BEYOND THE SACRAMENTO MYSTERIOUS DR. SATAN
Some Styles Htsher
QJie Qiao lORTUNE B. S E Shoe Co.
121 N. 4th St.
kUilA
Thurs.-Fri.-Sat.—2. Hits
Thrill-Packed ° Adventure I
[iiin:ia':iill
TAKES A CHANCE
with WARREN WILLIAM ALSO-
DON
LAST DAY — 2 HITS
IMMDUGNI
ALSO
umMEm
-ALL THIS WEEK-
in his new comedy The Great DICTATOR
with
JACK OAKIE PAULETTE GODDARD
... goK chipping contest will continue today and tomorrow from 4:00 to 6:30 on the northwest corner of Russel Field and will conclude with the finals on Friday.
M Schedules
BASEBALL • Wednesday, May 14 Diamond 1. Ward 24 vs Ward 27 2. Ward 17-vs Ward 26 10. Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 14
The only advice to be given here. Is to open up on Hitler and all his bosom pals. In other words. Give ’em hell. And see if they know what to do with it.—Iwa
Prof. Hockema Will Speak For Agricultural Meeting Fourth meeting of the Agricultural staff, to be held today from 7:30 to 9 p. m. in the West Faculty Lounge, will feature a talk by Professor F. C. Hockema, Assistant to the President. His subject, “Methods of Teaching as Observed at Other Institutions,” will be a repoi t covering his findings regarding the methods of teaching.
TENNIS Wednesday, May 14 4 :16 p. m.— Singles—^Tau Epsilon Phi vs Beta Sigma Psi Doubles—Phi Kappa Sigma vs Beta Theta Pi or Triangle: Lambda Chi Alpha vs Pi Kappa Alpha
ALL-CAMPUS TENNIS Sells vs Branner or Lichtenberg Mangold or Kraybill vs Gardner or Collins w Wells vs Pettit or Crystal Fleck vs Murphy or Niese
FRESHMAN TENNIS Summers vs Lewis or Eden Pickering vs Christensen or Crystal
MARS
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
RICHARD JEAN ARLEN and PARKER
POWER DIVE
\ Paramount Picture with
HELEN MACK
ROGER PRYOR
DON CASTLE
HIS MOTHER-IN-LAW WAS PLENTY SOREbut he's out of the dog house now!
“WHERE YA COIN' with my pipe?” wailed Henry. "To the incinerator—where all smelly things belong,” snapped his mother-in-law. “That tobacco of yours is impossible.”
ONE WEEK LATER. Now Henry’s in clover. Even his mother-in-law treats him right since he switched to Sir
't V 4^
>.fiuftdua ^xfuumd
Wednesday, May 14, 1941
?. % \ < I a c
r
► It
r it
Stettner Injured As Natters Lose Ward 12 Cops Meet Boilermakers Submerge Butler, 9-4, AiDePauw.e-hRayLuchiiWins Easily Collecting 41 As Fisher, Blanket! Clout Home Rons
GREENCASTLE, Ind., May 13.—(Special to the Purdue Ex ponent)—^Ray Lucht was about the only bright spot in an otherwise catastrophic day for the Riveter tennis team here today, as unbeaten DePauw maneuvered about on cement courts—surfaces which are unfamiliar to Coach Larry LaBree’s lads—and
thoroughly humbled the visitors, 6-1. Stettner Falls On Cement '
But that was not the most unfortunate incident of the Boilermaker sojourn to Greencastle. Number 'two man, Dick Stettner wrenched his knee badly when he slipped on the cement courts in the second singles match. As a result, the lanky sophomore was forced to default. Not'mjich is known of Stettner’s condition, for he must submit to X-rays in Dr. Miller’s office tomorrow morning. However, it is feared that he m^iy be inactive, or considerably slowed down for the remainder of the campaign.
An unusually large crowd for a tennis match, 200, witnessed today’s encounter. Lucht won his singles in straight sets, 6-3,-6-4 and paired with Captain Bob Anderson in the doubles to absorb a three set defeat. Gus Armstrong, Fred Richards and Anderson were beaten, almost without exception, in rather easy fashion by the conquerors of Indiana, Illinois, and Ball State and winners of 11 straight matches.
Points; 35 Compete Yesterday afternoon on the onefourth mile track in Ross-Ade Stadium, Ward 12 walked away with the honors in the annual Ward Track Meet with a total of ,41 points. During the course of the afternoon thirty-five athletes saw action. Runer-up position went to Ward 25 with a total point rating of 22V2. Third and fourth places went to Wards 1 and 5 with totals of 17
and 13 points.
Weiland, Brown Look Good Weiland, with firsts in the 100 and 220 yard dashes and a second in the broad jump was high point man for the meet. Brown, of Ward 12, finished in a dead heat for first place in the 100 yard dash with his team mate, Weiland. Brown ran second to the same dashman in the 220.
Another member of Ward 21, Archer, took first place in the quarter mile in the fairly good time of 64 seconds flat. Archer also ran second in the low hurdles and third in the half mile. Smith accounted for all but two of Ward 5’s points by scoring seconds in the quarter mile and the high hurdles, a third in the 220 yard dash and fourths in the century and the low hurdles. Broad Jumper Impressive Qne of the best performances of the afternoon was turned in by Fred Kinder of Ward 1 in the half mile event. His time was 2:07.2. New, also of Ward 1, took firsts in the low hurdles and the broad jump. His leap of 21 feet, 7% inches was the best performance of the after-
By JOE DOLAN Unpredictable Butler University, whose athletic teams are as fickle as Hoosier weather, was in the doldrums yesterday offensively, or else Walter Leifheit, Purdue hurler for the afternoon,'was fairly percolating from the mound, as Butler batsmen from the Bulldog Kennel were feeble opposition for Purdue’s baseballers, falling 9-4 in a dull game, featured only by Purdue extra-base hits.
Michigan
u Too Oan
If your clothes come from Geisler’s they will stand out in front of the parade in style, fit and durability. / ' You need not spend an exorbitant price as Geisler’s give you all these things at great savings in actual costs to you. ^ ‘ ’ Our selections are large thus giving you many patterns and models to choose from in your respective size; and our manufacturers are tops in there respective price fields—we show such lines as Hart Schafifner & Marx, Varsity Town, Clipper Craft, Varsity, Palm Beach and Brookshire. Prices at 17.75 19.75 -22 5« 25 o« 2750 m
SOOMAll^ST
CLOTHES SHOP TNCi
. . . pitcher Mickey Stoddard, right - hand ace whose, sterling mound performance has helped to place the Wolverines at the top of the conference, will be prominent among the invading northerners when they meet the rejuvenated Riveters in a two-game series next week-end. Stoddard is a senior.
Greek Thindads Tangle On Stadium Track Today Interfraternity track competition, in charge of Doc Wilkening, will begin this afternoon when the starting pistol is fired at 4:00 for the 100 yard dash. The Betas, who won both the indoor and outdoor titles for last year, will be on hand to defend their championships. All organized men who are interested are urged to enter the meet, which will be scouted by Hermon Phillips, varsity track coach for the Boilermakers.
Blanken Determined Purdue scored in the first inning after McFerren had led off with a single through the box. Doherty> next up, hit a single to right, but McFerren was hesitant in taking second base, being tossed out by the right fielder’s throw to the shortstop to force Purdue’s second baseman. Janisch then singled, putting Doherty on second. Don Blanken, next up, fouled off six pitches and then hit a home run deep to left center, scoring Doherty and Janisch. Purdue and Butler fiddled around for three innings, with the Boilermaker machine hitting all cylinders in the fifth when singles by Doherty, Janisch and Blanken were given a grand slam by Bud Fisher’s home run past the right fielder. This inning put the game on ice for Fehring’s hustlers. Potenza Pleases—Again! Fielding gems for the afternoon were accomplished by Merle Gantz, Purdue right fielder, who made a great reverse running catch in the eighth of McMullin’s long drive, and by Butler second baseman Sears who made a great backhand stab of Gantz’s liner in the last of the eighth. Peppy and loquacious Carl Potenza, delighted the Purdue crowd with his antics dming the last three innings. He batted once and was tossed out on a close play from short to first.
The summaries: Purdue ) AB R H McFerren, 2b..3 1 1 Doherty, 3b ..3 2 2 Janisch, rf ..4 1 3 Blanken, If ..3 2 2 Byelene, - cf ..4 1 1 McCaf’ry, lb . 2 0 0 Fisher, ss 4 1 2 Young, c 4 1 0 Leifheit, p ..4 0 0 Potenza, 2b ..1 0 9 Rawles, 3b ....1 0 0 Brady, If 0 0 0 Gantz, rf ....1 0 0 Meyers, ss ....0 0 0 Hofim’n, lb ..0 0 0 McAdams, c ..0 0 0
Butler (4) AB R H Sears, 2b 5 Hardy, ss 4 Br’dVk, 3b ..3 Neat, ci 4 Hunckler, c *..4 B'mg’tn’r, lb ..4
Fletcher,
rf, p 4 Dowds, rf 1
Tex; p 3 Totals 32
Totals .... 34 9 11 ^ —Score by Innings-
Butler .. Purdue
.. 000 000 211-5“ U . 310 041 OOx—9 11
In addition to the schedule used for the Ward Meet yesterday, there will be a two-mile run, discus throw and javelin throw.
BIGGER . BIGGER BIGGER/^ The Ru
And wn*rn rnttdy for yoi» with <poctatot»..tn whito with brown* bloo, and block..« wMi opon or doMd^ioos... with wins or strotoht tips ...with hlghor modlwm hooto ...IVIftY way.
I <Skc>i/
S^aqjL ^ - ^ttnaJuxL
Wddnesday^ May 14, 1941
PjuahIml £xlsoiwiJL
Inter fraternity . . . Presidents Council will discuss the Fraternity Affairs Office at it’s regular monthly dinner meeting tomorrow night. The meeting is scheduled for 6 o’clock at the Phi Kappa Sigma House. Riding Club Elects Officers At Tomorrow's Meeting Tomorrow, night at 7:30 o’clock, the Riding^Iub will hold a meeting for the election of next year’s officers in room 256 of the Union. Nominations will be from the floor, and the election pill be conducted by the president, Tom Graham. At the same time reports from heads of the Gymkhana committee are due. Suggestions for next year’s show and comments about this year’s will be discussed. Bronze keys will be given to members of the club at this meeting. m.1.1.
Ail Militair Basic Stodent: Freshmen and sophomore uniforms must be turned in on X-hoUTs beginning 2 p. m. May 18 for 3rd and 4th Begiments, and beginning 9 a. m. May 16th for 1st and 2nd Regiments. Batteries will be formed and instructions issued before taking uniforms to supply department. See schedule posted on bulletin board in Armory. —BROWN.
£ta Kappa No;, All actives and pledges must be at the formal initiation on Wednesday, May 14, at 5 p. m. in room 806 of the .Union. Banquet in room 332 at 6 p. m. —HOLCOMB. Plying Club: Meeting Wednesday, May 14, at 7 p. m. in room 803 of Union. —HABICHT.
POMM: New members desiring keys contact me before Thursday, May 15. 6089. Price $1.60. —SULLIVAN.
AWS Executive Board; Meet at 7:16 p. m. Wednesday, May 14, in the AWS office. —McCULLOCH.
II Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the first semester registration, September 8, 9, 10, 1941, ard requested to make application before the end of the present year_ on the blanks to be obtained at the Registrar’s office. Those with previous experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. -STONE.
Student Alliance: There wiM be a convoy protest meeting in room 236 in the Union Building at 7:30 p. m. today, Wednesday, May 14. —BELCHER.
WAA: Class teams begin games Wednesday, May 14, at 4 p. m. —COOPEH.
AIChE Members: Those who intend to attend the Chicago meeting Monday, May 19, Sign up and pay the $1.80 tftinsportation cost in Professor Shreve’s office before Saturday. The group will leave the chemical ami metallurgical engineering bpilding at 6 am. Monday morning. —MASSEY.
Kappa Delta Pi-Delta Rho Kappa: Picnic at Ross Camp Thursday, May 16. Cars leaving from back of Education Building at 4 :16 p. m. sharp. Rain or shine. All actives of both organizations welcome. —NORQUEST.
WAA Archers: Archery tournament will be at 4 p. m. every evening this week. All tourney shooting must be finished by Tuesday, May 20.
YWCA Cabinet Members: Meet at west desk in the Union at 5 :30 p. m., Wednesday, May 16. —NEWTON
Pistol Team: Banquet Thursday, May 22, in the old Chestnut room of Union at 6 p. m. Please sign up with Lt. Brown in the supply room of Armory. —SCHMIDT.
Tau Beta Pi; Important meeting Thursday, May 16, at 7:30 p. m. in Union for election of officers. —MONTGOMERY.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, May 20, in room 134 EE building, P H. Reedy lyill speak on “Recording ” Everyone is invited —FREED.
Pi Tau Sigma: Formal initiation at 6 p. m in the mechanical engineering building on Thursday, May 16. Banquet will follow at Lincoln Lodge at 6 :30 p m. Transportation for those not driving will Jie provided —WIST.
AIChE Picnickers: Members who_ Intend to go on picnic sign list in the chemical engineering office before Tuesday, May 20. The picnic will be held Wednesday, May 21, at the fairgrounds. —MASSEY.
Silver Mask: Important meeting of the social committee Wednesday, May 14, at 4:30 p m. in the Fieldhouse. —BURL.
Religious Council: Final meeting this semester on Wednesday, May 14, 7:80 p m. in room 66 of Union Selection of committee chairmen for next year, other important business.' —HAMILTON.
Change of Schools: Any student who has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the registrar’s office. —STONE.
Student Senate Members: Come to office and schedule the hours you can work at elections on Thursday, May 16. Come on Thursday whether you have signed up or not. —WALLEY.
Classified Ads
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes Of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60 Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph woik. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St Phone, 2779. For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone 2407.
Alpha Phi Omega: Last meeting of the yeai to be held at Catalyst Cabin Friday, May 16 Call Dave Blaine for reservations immediately All out—big time. Refreshments —McCAMMON.
Newman Club: Important executive council meeting Tuesday, May 13, 4 :16 p. m. in room 302 of Union. Both new and old officers attend. Plans for the picnic will be completed The nominating committee will meet Wednesday, May 14, at 7 :80 p. m —BROCK.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Tickets for the Honorary Banquet, sponsored by Tau Beta Pi, can be obtained from Tom Stephens for 26 cents. —ALEXANDER.
Lost: Acacia fraternity pin. Call Franks Thompson, 6067. Reward.
Lost: Kappa Sigma pin. Call Art Beddoe, Kappa Sigma house. Reward.
Notices
Sophomore Military Students: All sophomores whose names appear on the 1941-42 advanced military course list and have signed the contract, must report to the Main Office of the Armory for a certificate. (6-16) —AYERS. Scabbard and Blade: There will be a meeting at 7:15 p. m. Thursday, May 16, in room 263 of the Union for election of officers for next year. —MEESE.
Exponent Juniors; Candidates for senior positions see notice on office bulletin board regarding pictures for election announcements —ARCHIBALD.
Christian Student Fellowship: Election of officers at meeting Thursday, May 16, at 7 30 p. m. in room 307 of Union. —LONG.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Rough initiation and election of officers followed by a party for pledges and actives Friday, May 16, at 7 p. m. in Chemistry Building. -ALEXANDER.
NEW SHIPMENT SLIGHTLY USED PHONOGRAPH RECORDS in LATEST POPULAR | TUNES
Horseback Riders: WAA points can be earned by horseback riding. Ten points will be given for each ride, although not over 100 points can be obtained in one season In order to earn points, it is necessary to sign up in the saddle room of the Riding Stables. —REDWINE.
WttBDEItMUmYfflDliE
lastes little and swell lu« to ctewtliafs B0#BU«1N1 sun Yes, chewing <^ ... at sports gum is always „ .^j^e you're events, ’^^’^ubLEMINTS studying- a„d helps flavor retreshes y i enjoying sweetpn 7°'^. flelps brighten s^smootk to your budget. year teeth-^ So drop in ^ Great to enjoy f „{ poUBhEand buy several package
PIA Board Members: Collect personal belongings fiom PIA files belore Monday, May 19 —FOX. Student Senate: M cting of next ytar’s S'nior board m tht, S naU- office, Thursday, May 15, at 4 p. m —DIBOS.
Pi Tau Sigma: Place orders for 8 x 10 composite photo of senior members of Pi Tau Sigma with Hanson, Grise, Woolverton or Wist by Friday noon, May 16. Price is 60 cents. —WIST
Scriveners: All active members desiring to attend the annual banapet Saturday, May 17, must make reservations with Art McTaggart on or before Thumday evening. Call 61671 after 7 p. m. Wednesday or Thursday evening. No reservations will be accepted after Thursday. —McTAGGART.
PAmmmemAm - ^ - W -V. - fflVORITE PER Of fllRERICfl’S STUDERT lUORLD... by Appointment kmguittrioit writing instrumnnt on ntosi tampi. You’ll too moro studonts and profs carrying Parfcor botauso It’s tho only pan with ovary outstanding roHnomont. Clast offer flats, yoar In and year out it conthwos to perform... and tho boauty of its styling koops It ever new. look over our wide toloetlon of modolt, pritot, and tolars today. You’ll bo ploasantly twpfited of ffce hw cost of JIfofong writing satitfattioal DECKER’S
518 Main St.
Phone 5036
GURRIinTEiD lot UfE by the BLUE ♦ DIRmonO
SERVICE SADDLE
• They’re really ridin’ the range in he-man fashions. These are particularly handsome, and they’re leathered to take it. Red Rubber Sport Bottoms.
A. B. C. Shoe Co.. Inc.
406 Main St.
Phone 2001
BRIGHTEN UP WNHYOUaEMIUP
Let I. E. S. Better Sight Lamps Give a Touch of Newness to Your Home Taxes and spring housedieaning —> you can’t get away from them. And idiil* there’s no way to make tax paying n pleasure, you can get a real kick out of housecleaning by brightening up as you clean up. New lamps and brighter hulha give your home a dieery brightness and sense of newness that make the scrubhing and polishing seem douUy wordiwhile. Put I. E. S. Lamps into your homo •■—and don’t forget to look for that Identifying tag that means have fully met the rigid tests of the Illuminating Engineering Society, tests that guarantee to you the fit|^ in
PUBLIC lEHVICI company OF INDIANA
P
V aV
>r