TOtUME XLVII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1936
Union March 14 At Mars Theatre - ■. i’ap:'l>aiices,:, T a li q s ■ ■'' ■ ■ 'Will';- FeatiMre '■:' Spiiiig PiwductiQii “Carmita”, the 1986 Stadeat Union Show, will be held Saturday, March 14> at the Mars Theatre, it was ahounced today. The show, a Mexican romancej with the setting on the Rio Grande, was written by Carlesoh Hadley while the music was written by Ted Williams, composer of “Look Who’s Here” and many other popular song hits. The “pony” chorus will be led by Marion Fearheiley and Betty Ann Florer and will include the following: Peg Timberlake, Blanche Kernel, Phyllis Crossman, Mary Frances Leuther, Louise Bain, Mary Margaret Huber, Mary Wood, Eleanor Turner, Peg Jesselyn, Frances Eastburn, Etta Wright Best and Judith Jones. Colorful Dances Several colorful dance routines and “specialties” have been worked up around the central theme of the show. Indian Sun Dance, a chorus number in which a mixed group of 8 boys and 8 girls will'present a modern interpretation of an Indian dance and a pony chorus number in which Betty Ann Florer and Marion Fearheiley will do a special tap feature should be of special inter- ■ est. . / , ■
Tango
Louise Burkle and Bill Upton will present a tango arrangement; Jane Allen will do a tap number and Elizabeth Hayes and Francis Trapago will give an unusual Spanish dance in other unusual features.
PIA To Hold Amateur Show Tryouts Today Auditions for the P. I. A. amateur show will be held this , afternoon at 4 o’clock in the tower room of the Union. The Pi I. A. is j^vesenting aAgtodteur shdw to lie eh at a Uhibn cafet^ia Variety hour on March 1. The P. I. A. orchestra and chorus, the Keenan Brothers; and the: Musical Duet will supple-
ment ttie program. ‘
Ail independent students are eligible to compete. Prizes of five dollars, arid two and one-half dollars will be awarded to the winner and runner-up of the cori^stj to be judged by popular applause. Kenr noth Reiner is in geWerat charge.
Prom Ticket Rules
Clerical Jobs Exams Mar. 1:4 Another examination for candidates desiring to qualify for clerical positions at the University will be held at the Lafayette Business College on Saturday, March 14, it was announced yesterday by Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the
president.
Those who successfully meet the standard will be enrolled on the list of qualified candidates for clerical positions, from which vacancies at the University wilT be filled. Application Blanks Application blanks for those who desire to take the exam, along with qualification information and full details in regard to the time and subject matter to be covered, can be obtained by addressiftg the President’s office, Purdue University, or calling at the office in person. All applications for the examination to be held on March 14 must be filed in the president’s office on or before Monday, March 9, after which time the applicants with the necessary qualifications will be furnished with credentials certifying their eligibility for the exam.
HassWiUTalk To Sigma Xi To Hold Meeting In Union Tomorrow As the first of a series of meetings at which some of the research work conducted at the University will be outlined by staff members. Dr. H, B. Hass,. of the chemistry department, will address a meeting of Sigma Xi, honorary research fraternity, tomorrow night at 7:30 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Dr. Hass will discuss “Syntheses from Natural Gas'Hydrocarbons”.
Program
The Sigma Xi program for the present semester will include the new series of addresses on campus work in addition to the regular meetings to be addressed by outside speakers. In Dr. Hass’ address tomorrow night he will describe some of the interesting discoveries he has made upon the syntheses of organic compounds from natural gas hydrocarbons. The meeting is to be of an informal and social nature, a discussion to follow the address by Hass. It was also announced last night that Prof. E. W. Lane, of the University of Iowa, will be the speaker at the Sigma Xi meeting scheduled for March 3.
1. Juniors and seniors are the only undergraduates that will be i! allowed to purchase tickets. 2. : Only 26 tickets will be allotted to graduate students and memr bers of the faculty. 3i In order that arrangements for out of town dates may be made, aririmriicement of distribution of tidcdts vdU be riaade on Or before March 27. 4. Perinits fo^ tickets will be distributed starting :FebruaiTr 28, and will close March 14. These permits will be distributed at the Purdue Memorial Union, daily from 4 to 6:30 p. m. 6. Applicants will have personal pictures taken at the time they aipply for permits. There will be no charge for tbe pictured 6. If the application is certified it will be taken to the cashier’s Offlcfe in University Hall; where the applicant will sign permit, before the University cashier stating that he only will use the ticket for which he is applying. He will then pay the University cashier $4.00, the price of a ticket, and receive a stamped receipt. 7. At the close of the two weeks’ period on March 14, all the paid applications will be arranged in alphabetical order. Tickets will be assigned in numbers corresponding to the alphabetical arrangements of the applicants’ names, that is, ticket number one 'will be assigned to applicant whose name begiris with Aa, etc. 8. Some time during the week (following week) of March 16 to 21, announcement will be made in the Exponent listing those individuals who Will receive tickets. Actual distribution will be made after spring vacation, at which time tickets will be given nut at the cashier’s office in exchange for the receipt. Also, the applicants will have their personnel pictures attached to their ticket. 9. If the holder of the ticket does hot coincide with the picture that is stamped on the ticket, the individual will not be admitted to the dance, also the name of the Original purchaser of the ticket will be turned over to the executive department of the Unii/ersity for disciplinary action. ; 10. In order that it may be kept a junior-senior dance, a suitable method controlling pass-out checks -will be used to insure against their transferal.
Wahmh Level At 15 Feet Mr. T. H. Hill, University weather observer; reports that the Wabtoh river is rising arid is in danger Of overflowing uriless ariother touch Of cold Weather hits the country. At present the temperature is a little lower than it has been the past tiyo Or three days and shows iridicatiOri of goirig lower. Yesterday morning at T o’clock the river stood at 12.9 feet and was clear of ice. At noon yesterday, it stood at 13.6 feet and was fairly covered with large chunks of ice floating down the river. Mr. Hill stated that the river would go over its banks at 16 feet.
Former Staff Members Advise Vacationists In the January issue of “Independent Woman” there is an article by Dr. Gertrude Bilhuber, former head of the department of physical education and health at the University. It is entitled, “If Winter Comes—Heigh—O!” and in it she discusses the places in the United States where one eSan capitalize Winter’s assets w^^^ ®bis and skates. Dr. Bilhuber and her partner, Idabelle Post, also a former Purdue faculty member, have recently opened a vacation adviser’s bureau in New York City. They offer advisory and reservation service spC' cializing in American vacation places which have definite merit and appeal to the discriminating traveler.
W. H. Wood Best Dressed Cadet W. H. Wood, E. E. ’38, Of battery A-1, yesterday was awarded the prize of five dollars for being the best equipped and most soldierly appearing basic student in the University R. O. T. C. Corps. D. D. Baals, M. E. ’38, of battery A-3. won the second prize of three dollars, and M. L. Underwood, Ag. ’38, of battery D-3, was awarded the third prize of two dollars. Citations were also awarded to these men. Twenty-one other students were awarded citations for winning the best soldier rating in their respective batteries. The men selected as the best soldiers in their batteries are: E. C. Alexander, F. S. Amsler, B. C. Andrus, J. D. Bowen, L. M. Comee, J. E. Craig, M. E. Flater, R. E. Heine, A. H. Hokanson, A. Johnstone, J. B. Kirkpatrick, E. H. Lallance, R. E. Lambert, C. R. Luke, E. S. Mason, W. C. Musham, B. A. Royer, R. H. Schueler, J. E. Senne, M. L. Swinehart and R. C. Zim-
mer.
Next Corps Day, battery competition will be held, and the three winning batteries will be awarded merits and citations.
ANNOUNCES PLBpGING Pirathon fraternity announces the pledging of R. N. Lemon, Indianapolis.
Position On WLS Staff ^ John Bakei!’, ’30, Accepts John C. Baker, ’30, has recently joined the staff of radio station WLS, in Chicago, where he is doing continuity work and announcing. Baker is a Sigma Delta Chi, and while in school was a junior night editor and later sports editor of the Exponent. Before going with WLS he was extension editor at the Massachusetts State College at
Amherst.
P. L. Rhoades, C. E. ’36, has accepted a position as detailer with the Babcock and Wilcox Company,
Barberton, Ohio.
MelodiePmes Nude With Pimeupple In Piayshop’s Latest ; By Dike . ; . Even in this modernistic day and age, when a blurb and a daub on a handkerchief is called a masterpiece, it is rather difficult to imagine a pineapple and a nude posing together before the brush of an artist. Not that the pineapple would object, but it isn’t being done, even in the craziest of crazy
art circles.
But when a “hut” paints a picture, anything is permissible, and anything is likely to happen. Not only “anything” but almost “everything” does happen when Charlie, a dreamer with more soul thari common sense has a lovely starry eyed creation, the very personification of her name, Melodie, pose in the nude for him in Playshop’s latest production, “Behold Thi^ Dreamer” (No, Melodie is not the pineapple). One thing that happens is that the fat, forty, and dowagers rave, rarit, and gush because Charlie, a lunatic, gets a few splotches of paint in the'right place and give hirii 5,000 dollars as a reward. Then Charlie’s wife gets the surprise of her life when he decides that an asylum and his beautiful Melodie is preferable to her shrill, nagging, screeching voice. “Behold This Dreamer” is adapted from the novel by the same name, and is one of the funniest, and most successful plays the legitimate stage has ever produced. This play was selected at the numerous and repeated requests of playgoers, and it was only recently that Playshop was able to obtain the rights to stage it. Dr. Lee Speaks At Marital Lecture “The most important things of all are having things in common, ideas in common, and especially ideas in common about marriage,” stated Dr. Mary Morgan Lee in the second \pf a series of martial lectures last night in the women’s lounge of the Memdi’ial Union Building. Dr. Morgan used as her subject, “The Psychological Aspectsof Married Life” in addressing the 70 co-ed seniors present. She also gave several other results of the findings of Dr. Cottrell following his study of the characteristics essential for happy marriage. The next leetiu’e will be held Tuesday, March 3, with Dr. Theodore Wheeler speaking. The last will be on Wednesday, March 11 when Dr. R. Gerard will address
the group.
Mrs, Carlos Brewer Will Address Women’s Club
Mrs. Carlos RreWer will speak on Philippine Independence before a meeting of the Purdue Women’s club tomorrow afternoon. At the meeting, Mrs. Jl D. Balmer will display some articles brought from the Philippines, from which she and her husbandfi Capt, J. D. Balmer, U. S. A., have recently returned, 'l^he program will be concluded by Mrs. J. H. Hilton with a talk on,
“What About Greece?”
Alpha Zeta To Hbia Banquet Tonight Alpha Zeta, agriculture honorary, will hold a banquet tonight at 6:30 o’clock in the Home Economic^ Building. R. B. Stewart, University comptroller, will speak on the “Inner Workings of the Univer-
sity”.
T. R. Johnston, publicity director of the University, was originally scheduled to make the address but will be unable to attend the banquet because of a recent tonsil operation. Only active members of Alpha Zeta will be in attendance at the banquet with E. E. Gardner acting as toastmaster.
Dairy Clnb^ Holds Elections At a meeting of the Dairy club in Smith hall last night, the following men were elected officers for the coming year: W. B. Schlosser, president; R, W. Gingrich, vicepresident; A. A. Seibenthal, secre-tary-treasurer; and C. M. Hardin,
publicity agent.
Prof. J.^ H. Hilton of the Dairy Husbandry department spoke to the club on “The Effect of Feeds of Dairy Cattle on Vitamin Content of Milk.” In his address Professor Hilton outlined the work being carried on in the University Experi-
mental Station.
Co-eds T o If old Lmp Ye^r Tea Dance Today The Virginia Ci Meredith club is holding a “Leap Year” tea dance this afternoon from 4 to 6 o’clock in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building, Tickets, priced at 26 cents a couple, may be obtained at the various sorority houses and
the Union desk.
An amplifying system has been installed to furnish the music and the latest records of well-known or-
chestras will be played.
Chaperones for the dance are Miss Margaret Beeman, Prof. Airiy Howe, Prof. Laura B. Hadley and Dean Mary L. Matthews. Lillian Mrirphy is in charge of the plans
for' the dance.
Dr. Eddy Will Speak Monday Author, Lecturer Will Address Studeuts On Christisinlty ^ “Dare We Be ^ Christians ? ” will be the subject of Dr. Sherwood Eddy’s address in Eliza Fowler Hall Monday evening, March 2, at 8 o’clock. Previous to this Dr. Eddy will lead a discussion in the Wesley Foundation at 4 o’clock on the topic of “The World’s Danger
Zones”.
Dr. Eddy, author, lecturer and world traveler, has long been a leader in the Student Christian movement. He has just returned from making a study of the European situation in a tour through Russia, Poland, Germany, Austria, Prance, and Great Britain. In intimate conference and personal interviews he met many of the statesmen of Europe, economists, governmental officials and students as well as the man on the street. Yale Graduate Dr. Eddy graduated from Yale in 1891, and in 1896 he went to India. After fifteen year’s work among students of India he was called to be secretary for Asia for the Y. M. C. A. and for many years engaged with Dr. John R. Mott in conducting meetings for students throughout that continent. He was present at the capture of Mukden in Manchuria by the Japanese in 1931. In Berlin in 1933; at a representative gathering of German officials and leaders, he rebuked the Nazis for their treatment of the Jews, liberals and radicals. He has come to know hundreds of leaders in various nations, including the Prime Minister of Great Britain, the Viceroy of India, Mahatma Gandhi, Kagawa of Japan, General Chiang Kai-shek of China and , others. Dr. Eddy is the author of some twenty volumes. His most recent books are: “A Pilgrimage of Ideas”, “Russia Today; What Can We Learn From It”; “The Challenge of Europe”; “The Challenge of the East”; “The Challenge of Russia”.
Allen To Give Employment Direetor Speak in Fowler Tomoirow W. R. Allen, personnel dhreetor for L. S. Ayres and Company of Indianapolis; will speak On “Letters of Application arid the InteryieW” in the fourth Of a series of Employment Lectures at 4 o’clock tomorrow in Eliza Fowler Hall. Allen is nationally recognized as one of the leaders in the personnel field and is particularly fitted to provide practical pointers for seniors who are making plans to secure employment following graduation, having himself interviewed over 30,000 persons while serving as personnel director for the Ayres
Company,
Harvard Graduate Allen, a Harvard graduate and ex-naval officer, was Employment . Manager for the Filiene department store in Boston prior to accepting his present position in Indianapolis. Last year he served as technical expert to the National Labor Relations Board in Washington and also acted as special investigator' during the cotton textile strike. He was one of the speakers on the Employment Leeture Program of last year. The lectures are being held primarily for seniors but are operi to the entire student body.
Debris Sales
.4
March 4 has been set as the final date for the purchase of the 1936 Debris. The year book will go to press on that date and no additional orders will be accepted. Contracts are now available by which the pmehaser may order the book and make no payments until May 1. The Debris may also be purchased by making a down payment of $1, $2, or $2.60 and paying the remainder when the edition is distributed in May. The Debris this year will contain many radical changes and this has added to the sales total. The annuals may be ordered at the Debris office or from any of the staff members.
Co-ed Debaters ' Meet Iiidiaiia U. ' Purdue University’s co-ed affirmative debate team met Indiana University’s negative debate team at Brookston high school last night in a non-decision debate. Tke subject for debate was: “Resolved, that the United States should • support the League of Nations in the enforcement of sanctions provided for in the covenant of the League”. Jennie BoscO, Florence Hester, and Elizabeth Maier were the debaters on the University team. Bosco and Hester debated last year, but this is Maier’s first season. The Michigan negative team will meet the University team tomorrow night in Eliza Fowler Hall for a regularly scheduled conference debate and a decision will be given.
Brain Storms Of Frosh At Waldorf College Revealed in Answers Forest City, la.—(ACP)—Freshmen at Waldorf College here have invented a lot of new facts for scientists and educators. Recent examination answers revealed the following new facts: 1. Shelly unfortunately died while drowning in the Gulf of Leghorn. 2. Dido means the same, and is usually represented by Dido marks. 3. Romeo and Juliet are an example of a heroic couplet. 4. Milton wrote “Paradise Lost”; then his wife died and he wrote “Paradise Regained”. 5. Keats is a poet who wrote on a greasy urn. 6. Robert Liouis ^ Stevenson got married and went on his honeymoon. It was then he wrote “Travels with a Donkey”. 7. Robinson Caruso was a great singer who lived on an island. 8. A yokel is the way people talk to each other in the Alps. 9. Rural life is foundsmostly ia the country. 10. A corps is a dead gentleman, a corpse is a dead lady.
L. E, Davis Resumes Teaching Duties Mr. L. E. Davis of the English department who has been confined during the last two months due to injuries received in an automobile accident during the Christmas holidays, has sufficiently recovered to enable him to again assume charge of his classes. '
Shops To Show Motion Picture Next Week The large attendance at the second showing of the two-reel film, “Gasoline”, in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops, has led to the scheduling of another three-reel picture, “Preparation of Grinding Wheels”, which will be shown next Monday and Tuesday in toom lOfl of the Shops. Prof. J, D. Hoffman is in charge of these meetings.
SI®
VI,
13Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, ?S 60 per year, delivered by earner, $2 60 per year, sold by single copy, 2 cents.
Business Phone 6028
MAIN OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF Editor-in-Chief St Managing Editor . „ Associate Editors A M Chasteen, C. M Hardin, .iissocmve ^ ^ ^ G Walther Sports Editor _ N B Hays Associate Sports Editors D F Mull, R. H Walpole, L D. Wood Sophomore Assistants « K A Barnette, J E Brock, A H Forester, C Harper, Jr , R P Manion, C L Sadler, R C Schenk, J L von Harz Bold and Black Editor „ - W. R. Abbott
Wednesday, February 26, 1936
Issue Editor—^K. A, Barnette.
Hang Together— Or Hang Separately
Pre-war Europe had aligned itself rather definitely into two camps long before the unfortunate events of 1914-18. The Triple Alliance, composed of Germany, Austria-Hungary, and Italy, was of the longest standing, but, when actual war came, Italy broke away and enlisted on the other side. The Triple Entente, France, Great Britain, and Russia, held together, and eventually was successful in winning the war. Today conditions in Europe are as restless as at the turn of the century, and once again nations are beginning to form alliances for mutual protection. Italy has joined forces with Hungary, and Hitler has been attempting to add Germany to that group, an undertaking which seems destined for success. But now Austria, aware of her precarious position and fighting tooth and nail against Nazi-ism, does not know exactly which way to turn. France and Russia have again been drawn together, due primarily to the great strides the Third Reich has been taking toward rearmament. Also alarmed by the specter of a reborn Germany, other nations are leaning toward the French, including Great Britain, Belgium, Rumania, Czechoslovakia, and Jugoslavia. These nations, together with Poland, Greece, Turkey, and others are working for stability and the preservation of peace in Europe. Other forces, notably the Italian stand against sanctions, have also led these countries to realize that there is strength in numbers, and, in the words of the old adage, they must hang together or hang separately. It is indeed unfortunate that the League of Nations seems to have been so unsuccessful that alliances are required to keep the peace and at the same time make ready for war. Two things in the present national alignments in Europe are of interest: the powers are lining up in nearly the same manner as before the war, even with the advents of Mussolini, Stalin, and Hitler; and those nations which obtained their independence, such as Poland, or added to their territory, such as France, are outspoken in their efforts to keep things as they are. Germany has complained that France has been instrumental in drawing a ring of steel around her, but, after all, it was Der Fuehrer who started the whole business by completely scrapping the Versailles Treaty. But he, too, had some justification as he viewed with fear the increasing army in Russia, where it is now estimated that thirteen million men could be brought to bear arms on short notice. Great Britain has tried, in the main, to cling to the League as an agent of peace, but, during the most intense part of the Italian crisis in the Mediterranean, it was she who made advances to France proposing mutual support in case of war. What the outcome of all the scheming now going on in Europe will be is not certain, but one thing is definite—if the armament race does not halt soon, war can be the only result. But perhaps the clouds may lift, and the road to a more permanent peace be made plain.—W. T. H. r
The Sigma Nu’s sent in a public apology for their pro-Pifi demonstration Sunday evening . . . they didn’t know the Pifi’s were holding a dance this Friday. This Monfort is a fickle gal, She’s left poor Chesley blue. She does not choose to bb his pal. She loves another Sigma Nu. —Spectator. In explanation—Monfort is a junior and has captured four pins. The latest is Johnny Hutzler’s after a two week romance. Chesley, you can’t win ! ! ! Frosh: “Where do all the bugs go in the winter?” Soph" “Search me.” Frosh: “No, thanks, I just wanted to know.”
WANTED: A few extra fire plugs in the vicinity of the KAT House so Jim Seward won’t have to take the dog for such long walks. A co-ed wonders why our Cary Robs the cradle now and then./ The seniors with her will not tarry She has to pick on greener men. Her New York culture brings her nought. Her southern beauty is not sought. —Catty Spectator. . . . Barnett didn’t see the door Satuiday night, but she went out just the same.
Socialized Medicine* By Marian White The general idea involved in socialized medicine is to make all factors of medical service freely available to all. It is understood that it will be a federal, state, or local project, but it may be a combination of all three. The aim and end of this socialization of the medical field is to lower all medical costs so that they will be within the reach of all. One probably wonders just how these ends will be brought about. Several plans are being formulated at the present time, the most outstanding being that of group practice. The entire field of medicine will be industrialized. Physicians, dentists, nurses, and hospitals will work as a group. These will be conducted very much on the order of our present day clinics. Who will pay for the services ? This is a question of great concern in the minds of the American people. It might be taken care of in several ways. For instance, a federal, state, or local fund may be set aside, or payments may be made by voluntary insurance on an annual payment plan. lit is assured that new and expensive methods of treatment will not be employed in these clinics. It is also understood that meth ods which are not accepted by good outstanding schools of medicine will be ruled out. Of course, as one might easily imagine there are many people who oppose socialized medicine and there are others who firmly believe in it. Both sides have excellent arguments. The arguments in favor of socialized medicine are as follows : All classes of people will be able to receive good medical care. The rural communities that are removed from hospitals or doctors will be greatly benefited since there will be several of these clinics situated at close intervals. Doctors under the present plan treat a great number of cases without compensa tion. The great overhead expenses of the medical world will be eliminated. Strange as it may seem, those who are greatly opposed to socialized medicine are the doctors. They offer as their argu ments the following: It has not under any circumstances proven effective abroad. It tends to stunt initiative. The clinics may start out with good intentions, but with the invasion of politics the medical field will be ruined. Money will be wasted on exhaustive examinations and on people who are not Just what the outcome of this will be only time can tell. It will be a very interesting subject to watch and to notice just how it will develop. *This is the first of a series of discussions on current goY emmental problem^ which is being written by students ot Professor Robert Phillips in classes on international relations, sick but wish free’attention.
Iowa Governor’s Son Uses Clmsieal Style To Hit Dad For Money (Associated Collegiate Press) Paunchy, bald Clyde Herring, governor of our most literate state, Iowa, is a bluff, straightforward politician. But like so many such, Governor Herring has to be approached with stealth and circumspection. And that is the way his youngest son, a student at the University of Iowa, approached his father while asking for money recently The student’s letter went like this. “Well-beloved father: I have not a penny, nor can I get any save through you, for all things at the university are so dear; nor can I study in my code or my digest for they are all tattered. Morover, I owe 10 crowns in dues to the provost and can find no man to lend it me. I send you word of greetings and of money. “The student hath need of many things if he will profit here, his father and his kin must needs supply him freely that he be not compelled to pawn his books, but have ready money in his purse, with gowns and furs and decent clothing, or he VTiIl be damned for a beggar; wherefore that men may not take me for a beast, I send you word of greetings and of money. “Food IS dear and other good things; I owe in every street and am hard bested to free myself of such snares. Dear father, deign to help me' Grant my supplication for I send you word of greetings and of money. “Well beloved-father, to ease my debts contracted at the inn, with the doctor, and to pay my subscriptions to the laundress and the barber, I send you word of greetings and of money.” Commenting that the letter “apparently shows profound study of classical style,” the governor remarked, “the screed hath netted him 10 wheels, but it will be folly for him to try the dodge again.”
Today Eta Kappa Nu, reception rooHi of ,the Union, 7 p. m. Scabbard and Blade, Peasant room of the Union, 8 p. m. Virginia C.‘ Meredith tea dance, ballroom of the Union 4 p. m. Alpha Zeta meeting, room 1 of the Union, 7 p. m. Flying Club meeting, room 2 of the Union, 7:30 p. m. Tomorrow Women’s Conference Debate, Eliza Fowler hall, 7:30 p. m. Student Union Forum, rooms 1 and 2 of the Union, 7:30 p. m. Sigma Xi meeting, faculty lounge 7:30 p. m. P. I. A. orchestra practice, Tower room, 7 p. m. History section of Purdue Women’s club, faculty lounge of the Union, 2:30 p. m. Tippecanoe Council of the Boy Scouts’ banquet, ballroom of the Uhion, 6:30 p. m. Undergraduates initiation, Union peasant room and Union faculty Friday Pi Beta Phi dance. Union ballroom 9 p. m Round table banquet and program, Peasant room and faculty lounge, 6:30 p. m. Saturday Dance, Union ballroom, 9 pm. Monday Home-craft luncheon and party, Union Peasant room and faculty lounge, 1 p. m. Tuesday Marital lecture for senior co-eds only. Women’s lounge of the Forestry club. Horticulture building, 7 p. m. Lecture by E. W. Lane, lecture room,, Stanley Coulter hall, 8 p. m French classes, rooms 1 and 2 of the Union 1:30 p. m. Art classes, Purdue Women’s club, faculty lounge, 9 a. m.
Absent Minded Prof Mixes Poetry f Babies Cambridge, Mass.— (AGP) —A certaitt young history professor of Harvard, locally celebrated for a uniquO abSeA^mmdedness, made what was most oefimtely the wrong answer the other day. Last month the professor’s wife was rewarded for years of work in the field of poetry when Scribner’s published an anthology she had compiled. Through what has euphimistically been called “an act of God”, the date of publication found the young woman in a hospital, having that morning given birth to
a son.
, The same afternoon two student friends of the professor met him and stopped to congratulate him on the blessed event. As they started to express then best wishes, the
professor put up his hand, wavdd thorn away. ‘^Oh, don't congratulate ME, boys,’' ho said modestly. “My vdfe did it all by herself, fiefself, with just the help of two Dun-
ster House tutors.”
Harvard University has rejected a gift from Ernst Hanfstaengl, aide and*pianist to Adolf Hitler.
A ffi C
LAST DAY
JACK BENNY - UNA MERKEL m , “It’s In the Air” and BILL CODY in “Lawless Border”
New MAIN INDEFINITE ENGAGEMENT ^ STARTING TOMORROW |kll R|3©Rrsi im iho sraise @1 a I
with KAPIPOlPH S€@?f HlLLiMP AifUlP AtLWYN Lyrics and Music by IRVING BERLIN PRICES Matinees 20c Nights and Sunday 25c Children 10c
A national campaign has been started to create a “living memorial” to the genius of Thomas Alva Edison through the endowment of educational research scholarships.
Not Too Late to Enroll In Our New Adult Beginner’s Ballroom Class A private lesson will be given free of charge TONIGHT To those who were unable to attend the first lesson. Beginner’s Tap Class Wed, Feb 26,8:30
LAST TIMES TODAY The most popular luskal eomedy ever produced L 1 vrtA * BmG «©Siy md MEiMAN ; Charlie Bugsies | Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday BORIS KARLOFF BELA LUGOSI in “The Invisible Ray” From story by Douglas Hodges, former Purdue student
Family LAST TIMES TODAY
TWO FEATURES
ALICE FAYE in “Music is Magic” and SYLVIA SIDNEY in “Mary Burns, Fugitive”
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday RALPH BELLAMY in “Dangerous Intrigue”
cat-®**®*
Adventure! fintrigueil Laushterlll VICTOR McLAGLEN ERE0DSE lARTHOLOMim
in#
ROTC Boxing
On Corps Day
Cadets Scamper Up Girders To Gain Bird’s Eye View Of Bouts
Seven bouts of boxiiig featured the Corps Day estercises yesterday morning as the milit^iry students watched fourteen men battle for championships in eight different weight classes; ^ ^^^^^ in the lib pound class, the first bout on the cardj L. S. Phelps defeated L. F. Hatfield by a technical knockout at the end of the first round. Alt other matches went to a decision. Gloves Weighty The boys seemed to haVe trouble keeping their sixteen-ounce leather cushions swinging for the full two minutes of each round. Little damage was inflicted save for a bleeding nose or a bunged-up ear. H. F.' Noll Won from J. W. Beers by forfeit in the 126 pound class. Beers, who Was anxious and willing to fight, was not permitted to enter the ring because of a sore arm. At a given signal the Corps, which was in its usual formation, broke for vantage points around the ring set up in the center of the Armory floor. Those whose lack of height prevented their seeing the matches quickly remedied tliis difficulty by scampering up the girders. Others took advantage of the ladders and balconies at each end of the Armory. - 7 Other Winners , J. M. Rosenberg defeated R. F. Bertoncini in the 135 pound class; in the 145 pound division D. L. Martin won over R. E. Heine; H. H. Moses Was defeated by D. C. Forburger in the 158 pound group; J. R. Bonebrake won out over R. L. Bostwick in the 175 pound class; the heavyweight division was won by L. Wa tSink, who got the decision over A. S. Place.
Cue Exp
SuesSens, sophomore guard on the HaWkeye squad with Captain Sid Rosenthal led in scoring during the first half against the invading Boilermakers two weeks ago. Teamed with Ysseldyk, his running mate at the other guard position, they form a dangerous pair of dpponents for any forward to shake.
Winners of the variDUs weights will be awarded gold medals in the shape of miniature boxing gloves, while the runners up will receive the same type of medals in silver. Some of the contestants in the finals had to fight through three preliminary bouts before they were ready for yesterday’s championship go. The only persons in the Corps declared, ineligible for the boxing were those men comprising the University Golden Gloves team.
Varley Issues: Gall For Wrestlers
SPRING FOOTBALL CANDIDATES ;
Jim Varley, heavyweight wrestling champion of Indiana and Kentucky and wrestling coach here, is now offering to coach anyone interested in wrestling. Entries should be made according to weight Classes on the bulletin board at the north end of the gym, and no experience is necessary. Jim says that there is a noticeable drop in the number of wrestlers this season as compared to the other years he has been here, and that as he wants to go to the Big Ten wrestling meet in the spring, he needs more material than he has at present. After completing a short course in the fundamentals of wrestling; the grapplers will be paired off and a tournament will be held in conjunction'with the intramural sports Carnival which will be held March 4, instead of tomorrow as printed in yesterday’s Exponent. Prizes will be awarded to the winners of these bouts and the best looking prospects will accompany Jim to
the Big Ten meet.
Team Members ; Members of the Boilermaker team include S. M. Cohee, H. O. Steed, E. Soo, Jam^fe Farrington, and P. Koppel. Alternate tea!m members a^e L. B. Purcell and G. M. Hunter. Next week the straight rail matches will be played and the following week the first of the three cushion matches will begin. Team members for these matches have not been definitely chosefi yet due to ties between various contestants. The tournaments are conducted by telegraph, each college using a uhiforih set of key-shots which were drawn up before the first intercollegiate competition five years ago by Charles C. Peterson, noted billiard authority~^nd today called “The Father of Intercollegiate Billiards”. The highest score determines the Tvinner. Each entrant sends their scores to the tournament headquarters, Cornell being the university selected this year. Purdqe Second Last Year Wisconsin University won last year’s straight- rail event (the closest scoring tournament) dethroning the defending champions, Michigan State. Purdue finished
-second.
Among the schools having teams entered this year are the folloiv-
IN SPORTS
This guy Blaine Patton of the Indianapolis Star scored another bulls-eye last Saturday ... he picked Northwestern to beat us froih I to 6 points and they did . . . Last fall, he picked lU to beat us on the gridiron and they did . . . aH of which leads hp to the fact that sometime he’s got tO be wrong but in thO meantime we wish that he’d pick us to WIN a few games.
Jack Drees, sensational sophomore on the dangerous Hawkeye team, who lead his mates in scoring in the initial encounter against the Boilermakers, will be gunning for the hoop in real earnest Satur day night in hopes to revenge the setback given the lowans two weeks ago at Iowa City,
FRATERNITY ATHLETIC MANAGERS
Have your relay teams work out on the gym track this week. The carnival is only a week away. There will bb a freshman manager there with stop watches and batons for you. HAMILTON.
ing: Purdue, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Brown, Michigan, Kansas Rochester, North Carolina, Cornell Duke, Indiana, Iowa State, Notre Dame, Michigan State and Minnesota.,
gram tip to CMe&g& to iho western five saying that UjmO Hoosiers were behind them to beat ^ Purdue . . . how many more wero ' behind us to beat them? Anyway it looks like the best basketeers ate ^ from this state, AND, I U stiH has
to play Northwestern.
Is this a world record ? On April
6, 1936, Harry Leavitt made 490
free throws in a row, without » singld miss at the 135th Field Artillery in Chicago. This event was staged in connection with a Y. M. C. A. sports carnival. : Leavitt’s feat was witnessed by 400 people, twenty-firc of whoih Mghed their names to a statement hdliclt Was^ then sent to the natidhal basketbali
aohiihittee. C/';..
Chief Sunrise, a member Of the Sioux tribe, is a student at Washington University, St. Louis.
Pop Warner doesn’t like the suggested changes, particularly the one about the slow whistle being abolished . . . he says, ( and we agree with him) that as long as the runner is on his feet, he should be allowed to try to keep on going, and that he has seen no one hurt that way ... Maybe in the future it will be against the rules to play without gymshoes so that if your opponent kicks you in the face, it won’t hurt so much.
In a recent issue of the Exponent in return for a six line squib about the Thetas vs. Silverman, the whole Cored column was devoted to razzing fencing in general.. . . perhaps in the future we should ask our readers not to take this column so seriously. ss—■ '
It’s to late this season hut why doesn’t someone think of originating some sort of a hockey team around here? Hockey seems to be poptilar among several other leading universities, and since the climate here isn’t usually suitable for winter sports, we could have some good games while the weatherman obliges.
Somebody from I U sent a tele-
:18
mi
oriEi T eh _ —ideal* or ear or j Ikeei.
m University in poup. How given with each car RealM peiHaL Seven 10-pen-miht sets altogether; each set ffiffaunt; cdlect them aQ! See AuropoiMrs and Realites today, with the exclusive easier-writing 4kii)-Tip and mod em simpU&d mechanism that always works. Leads can't wobble. AH azes, styles, colors, 25c to $3. AT AIX LEADING DEALmS
Check out equipment and begin Working out at judging pavilion on Ag campus. Backs, ends and centers report on Mondays and Tuesdays, guards and tackles, Wednesdays and Thursdays. —MACKEY.
Archers Will Receive
Imstriictioii Tonight
Purdue archers and twenty-two new enthusiasts spent their time in an informal period of shooting at the open meeting of the Purdpe Archery club last Wednesday night. Tonight, Miss Marion Russell, instructor in the women’s physical education department, will give a brief discussion on the primary principles of good arching, emphasizing accuracy and good form, particularly. The rest of the evening will be spent in competitive shooting.
Eddie Cantor’s Essay Contest Thought To Be Only PubUeity Stunt
Squash Team Practices For Chicago Meet
Practice was the order of the day for the Boilermaker squash team as they prepared for the Western Collegiate squash rackets tourney which will be held at the Chicago Athletic Association this week-end. Jack Noli, who took third honors last season, is the only veteran left on the squad. Coach M. L. Clevett announced that he expects to enter Lucek, Fields, Ulr^y, Tzucker, Pettier ew and Wakefield in addition to Noll. In addition to Purdue, the other early entrants in the tournament are Chicago, Lawrence and John Carroll:
Those! who thought from the first that Eddie Cantor’s offer of several thousand dollars for the best essay by a college boy on how to keep America out of war was only a publicity stunt are probably close to the mark. A writer in the New Theatre Magazine interviewed Mr. Cantor on his proposal and the following conversation transpired: “Who suggested the idea of the Peace Contest?” Eddie: “Newton D. Baker.” “Do you expect any helpful ideas to come out of it ? Dp you think it will help to keep the United States out of war?” Eddie: “The United States get into war? Don’t be silly.” “How do you think America can stay out of war ?” Eddie: “By arming to the teeth.”
4- 4: 4 4 4 4 4 4- 4 4 4 BASKETBALL 4 4 4 4 4 4 4- 4 4 4 4 Today Court 1, Hutt 7:00-*-Ward 10 vs. Ward 4, 7:16—Ward 2 vs. Ward 11-A. Court 2, Scrivnor 7:00—Ward 11-C vs; Ward 16. 7:16—Ward ll-B vs. Ward 11-D. Court 3, Humphrey 7:00—Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 7:16—Theta Chi vs. Kappa Sigma
MIXER
Michigan’s Collector of Internal Revenue has tied up the University of Michigan’s football funds because he says they haven’t paid $22,000 in taxes pn general admis-
Kenny Ebershpff and his Gpld and Black Aces will play for the regular Union mixer Saturday evening. A treasure hunt will be held at 10:30 with prizes awarded to the couple bringing in, the most treasure.
Eight streamlined electric trains have been introduced on electrified sections of railways in Holland,
Will it be where her visit to Purdue will end with many complimen for your clever con s id er ation? Where modern rooms, good service and a smart address offer the most enjoyable sur< roundings ? Then make your choice what her choice would be. Make it
*The Corner of the Campus, Yet the Center of College Activities*
^Btem Setter Pemeil
Like music vith your meals? Thea listen to the snap— crachte — pop of Kellogg’s Rice Krispies when you pour on milk or cream! Crisp. Crunchy. And their flkvor is as inviting as their sound. Try Rice Krispies for breakfast or lunch. They’re extra tempting when you add fruit or honey. ^ And for that bedtime 'snadc, after an evening of study or fun, there’s nothing quite so satisfying as a bowlful of these deficious toasted rice bubbles. light, nourishing, easy to digest. They help you deep. At restaurauts, hotds and roocers everywhere, Ov©afresh, ready to serve. Mada by Kellogg in Battle Creek. Quality guaranteed,
Listen!-'
get hungryClassified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS ADDING MACHINES—For sale, rent, repaired 4ihd ^plight, Muitigraph fflid minieograpli work done. C. P. Ebershoff, €06 Main St. Phone 2779.
Ghamberlin’s Special For This Week—Nesselrode and Vanilla. Order it—it’s delicious.
For Sale—-Philco Model Radio— good one—reasonable price. Moore’s Colonial Market, 224 N. Fif^th St.
teur night contest. Priaes to the winnew. Report to tower room of Union at 4 today for audition. —SOHLUNDT.
Alpha Zeta—Bantiaet tonight in' the; Home Eks Building at 6 :80. Stewart will he the nUiin'’speaker.' ™ —GARDNER.
Ui>i«i!*-Oar eniumitteeB meet in the subbasement today at 4. —BUGfli shoemaker, OHAVER.
Orchcsis—important ihbeting at 7:46 to—McKEE.
W. A. A.—^No Open swimming practice tonight or tomorrow. —ELLIS.
Lost — Black Scotch terrier. Named Kiltie. Reward. Phone 7910. 777 Russell, W. L.
Wanted—Transportation to St. Louis Friday evening or Saturday. Phone 71421, O. E. McCrackin.
NOTICES
No notices accepted after 8 p. m.
Condition. Exams in History—Exams for removal of conditions in all courses in hls- . tory, economics and government will be held Saturday, March 7, 1 p. m.> in room 313, Recitation Building. Application mimt be made prior to that time at the history office. Recitation Building. —ESTEY.
Chemistry Condition Exaifis—Exams in chemistry 29 and 107 will be held Saturday, March 14, at 1 p. m., in room 101 Education Building. Applications must be made on or before March 12. V-NELSON.
Condition Exam—An exam for the removal of conditions in chemistry 1 will be given in room 101, Education Building Saturday afternoon^ March 14, at 1 p. m. Ap plication for permission to take this exam must be made at room-^;210i Chemistry Building, not later than March 12. By special arrangement aii exam in chemistry 2 may be taken at this time. Another exam for removal of condition will not be given until September. —HASS, TEST.
Carmita Choruses and Cast—Chorus 1 meet in ballroom at 4 today. Choruses 2 and 3 and cast meet in tower room at 4 today. —ANSPACH.
Scabbard and Blade—Important meeting at 8 tonight in the peasant room of -the Union. Election of pledges and dance ar rangements. —GLENNY.
Union Workers—^Meet in Union office at 4 this afternoon. —JUMP, CLARK.
DeMolays—Major W. H. Maris will address. the regular DeMolay meeting tomorrow night at the Masonic Temple, 522 Columbia St;, at 7:30. All DeMolays are invited. : • . —GLENN.
Playshop Board—Meeting tonight at 7 :30 in Playshop office. —HOLDEN.
Purdue Flying Club—^Meetihfe tonight at 7:30 in the Union. —ASIRE.
Kappa Delta Pi—-Meeting tonight at 7 in Education Building. —ROBBINS.
W. A. A.—^Archers meeting tonight at 7:30 in 'Women’s Gym. All archers welcome. .—LEE.
Eta Kkppa Nu—Meeting at 7 :30 tonight in the Union. . ’ - —BELLOWS.
Y. W‘. C. A.—Cabinet meeting at 4 W the Y. W. G. A. office;. —GOBBLE.
Animal Husbandry Club—Will the members of the staff in “The Knighting of Sir Loin” please meet in room 203 of Ag Hall at 4 today. —DENNIS. Skull and Crescent;—Meeting in Union ion at 7:30 tonight. —CRAIG
Anatomist Cites: Genius Coupled With
Indigestion
Cleveland, O.—(AGP) — “Genius doubtless, like an army, travels on its stomach, but what a stomach!” Taking a side glance at “the influence of the stomach oh the human mind,” Dr. T. Wing:ate Todd, anatomist at Western Reserve Univer sity’s school of medicine last week took stock of the results' of his nearly 12 years of research on the human stomach. He chose Samuel Johnson as a good example, stating that “there is no doubt at all of Johnson’s chronic indigestion and the resultant cantankerous disposition with which there goes a brilliance of imagery and creative thought. Benedick’s ‘quick wit and queasy stomach’ (in Shakespeare’s ‘Much Ado About Nothing’) reminds us of the indebtedness of both literature and science to indigestion. Would Darwin have framed the theory of evolution had it not been fo^ the imagery created by his chronic indigestion? Would Conrad have written his stories had the facts of his experience not been sharpened and amplified by nervous dyspepsia ? How much of Poe’s tales of mystery and imagination were due to indigestion, and how much to alcohol?” Scientifically speaking. Dr. Todd reported that 800 experiments on students had revealed that emotional states reduce the stomach’s gastric waves of contraction and cause prolonged closure of its outlet.
Collegiate
Bjr Associated Collegiate Press
Bat'vard’s <k)urses in ittttpductory French and German have been moderhized to givb studeiits R; bf^er chance to get a good readiiiK Rhd oral command of the latiguages, V
NewV itamm D Soap Keeps Skin Healthy
Eds and co-eds will soon find it possible to get vitamin D from their facial soaps, rather than suffering, during cold, gray days from the lack of that vitamin, when little sunlight makes it impossible for the body to synthesize vitamin D with its health-giving qualities. Dr. George Sperti, director of the Institutum Divi Thomas, who produced the soap, said that the vitamin may be more readily absorbed . through the skin than through foods. This soap, which is especially good for delicate skins, does not contain iron, as do many foods rich in this vitamin, but it is bland and healthful.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING
Pi Kappa Phi fraternity announces the pledging of D. F. Muller, BoontPn, New Jersey.
Drink Milk for More Energy
CaM JOHNSON Pkone
Milk is your best food— it's packed Mi of nutritive elements that your body needs. Eich in minerals and rich in food value, it's body-building and energy building.
Union dairy
Two Yale University research workers have determined the exact atomic weight of an atom of sulphur to be 31.9818.
Columbia’s Prof. Colin G. Fink believes universities should have less “blackboard scientists,” more practical laboratory workers.
“Yes, I believe that cheating is very prevalent at Miami, but I think that women do most of it,” a Miami Utflversity (Oxford O.j student tells an inquiring reporter.
More than 200 New York state college students met at Albany recently to debate on bills now before the Empire State legislature.
Twenty Connecticut Wesleyan University students are studying practical governmental methods in Washington.
Postoffice Loses Month Of February—headline. Officials of the Bellingham, Washington, postoffice have misplaced the February die in the cancelling machine. Consequently, hundreds of pieces of mail have gone out with no month on them.
Plans have been laid to introduce low-cOst houses into South Africa.
Wes Bennett, of Westminster College, has already scored more than a thousand points in college basketball.
Rogers Deering, farm machinery fortune heir, has bequeathed $7,000,000 to Northwestern University.
Michigan Students Favor Birth Control
In a recent questionnaire circu lated at Michigan University, 88 per cent of the two hundred men and women replying voted in favor of birth control, hfipety per cent approved the distribution of birth control literature. Men and women differed widely in their opinions on moral standards, 58 per cent of the women asserting that women should have a higher moral code than men, while only 42 per cent of the men questioned agreed to the proposition. Censure Free Love Both men and women agreed in their censure of free love. Twentythree per cent of the men and 8 per cent of the women upheld the practice. Both were in accord in saying that children were not the sole purpose of marriage. Only 8 per cent of men considered children vital to marriage, while no women supported the statement.
Princeton Dean Decries College Advertising .
Meet your pipe half-wayo Pack it witli Half & Half. Goolas BigBen’s; Gome oAj Fellow; scram!" Sweet as recalling; ■'It*s Sunday .... hurrah!" Fragrant, follbodied tobacco that won’t bite the tongue-—in a tin that won’t bite the fingers. Made by our exclusive modern process including patent No. 1,770,920. Smells good. Makes your pipe welcome anywhere. Tastes good. Your passw;ord to pleasure!
Not a Bs9t of BtKe Bgg the
as swu me-up the tohaecob No hISSera Estgara
TeBeseosse TBro, wBsBch gets. SDseaBler an as yeas s^ach for a Boaal, eresa tBae Bast oae.
Copyright 1936, American Tobacco Company
ALP
ALP
Indiana Alpha CM Omega’s Hold Annual Convention
Three hundred members of the active arid alumnae chapters pf Alpha Chi Omega sorority in Indiana attended the annual state convention arid dance held last Saturday at the Indianapolis Athletic Club. Presidents of all the active chapters at DePauw, Indiana, and Butler gave short talks. Rosemary Hoeffer, president of the local chapter also participated in the program. A large delegation from here attended the convention and dance held later that evenirig.
Hospital Reports
Associated Collegiate Press Dean Christian Gauss of Princeton rocked back and forth on his heels before a gathering of Newman Club people in New York the other day and denounced American colleges and universities for virtually guaranteeing greater incomes to college-trained men as compared with those who do not attend college. This method of advertising by college administrators, he said, has contributed to the present tendency to measure human welfare in terms of material wealth.
The condition of J. M. Macy, junior mechanical, who is a patient at the St. Elizabeth hospital, remains the same. He is expected to be released in about two weeks.
Ed Skoronski was released from the hospital Monday after receiving treatment for internal injuries.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Chi O’s Hold Cabaret Dance In Indianapolis
Sherry 'Watson and his orchestra furnished the music for the CM Omega state dance, which was held last Saturday night in the Travertine room of the Lincoln Hotel, in Indianapolis. The formal dance was cabaret style, and each table was decorated with roses. Mrs. Gerald Shortz was chairman of the dance of whirih the Indianapolis alumnae were in charge.
Risk Dental Clinic
PAUL A. RISK ROBERT G. RISK , HAROLD J. RISK LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701 Corner 4th and Main
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbook at the
MITZI'SANDWICH SHOP
213 Vine St, W. Lafayette
Cuban Army officers have been designated to serve as teachers in rural districts where no schools exist. At least they can teach the young Cubans to shoot.
a NEW KIND'.oi ■a typewriter.. .
Siandard in action . Portable in size andweiqhi
The finest portable typewriter in th.e world —beautifully smooth—responsive—rapid in action. A truly universal typewriter-for personal Or office use. Yet costs no more than an ordinary_portable with similar equipment. Convenient payments if yoK wish. . . *65
The SMITH-CORONA
Ted Rogers, M. E. ’31, was recently appointed consulting engineer at Boulder for the Babcobk and Wilcox Co., of Bayonrle, n/ J. Rogers is a native of Starke county, Indiana, and for the last six months has been connected with the research department of the Babcock and Wilcox Company.
^HA^PION... J ®r n©:Chainpioii You Can’t Afford to Neglect Your Personal Appearance
DEAC
HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION
H, G. EEISNER
Crown Cleaning regularly keeps your clothes in perfect condition . . . . . saves you* money
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Cc5ewH ImAm
F I N E CL E A N E R S O F F IN E CL O T H E S