ED^ ANSWER COEDS
EDITOR CONDEMNS
i '• ih Idllft'ers To Bd^toV Oo Bdito'ri^al Pag'e
Voluiiie 54, No. 16
West Lafayette, IndianI
i^£Ui
Senatorial Stand In Army Pay Raise
Wednesday, |une 10, 1942
> i »<<
’ )
All-American Girl Ckrisiiiii EJuafion Appear Friday
Ada Leonard To Lead 18-Piece Band At PlA-Spons6red Dance
Ada Leonard, acclaimed as the typical American girl, will brihg her newly formed AllAiherican All-Girl Orchestra to the campus Friday night from 8:30 to 11:30 for a PIA sponsored dance in both ballrooms of the Union. Tickets for the dance may be purchased from PIA Board mem-
Chem Warfare School To Start Here Monday
Chemidal warfal^e school sponsored and taught hy the Army, will
bers in front of the Sweet Shop begin Monday. The first class which or at the door for SI plus tax. be comprised of 50 civilians The All-American Girl Re- vtwtmT *wT“ ““‘f
Valley will be lieTe for an instruc-
vue was formed by Miss Leon- tional period of two weeks. ard nnly a short time ago, ahd taught To Cope With Bombs already they have had two engage- The group will be given instrUcments at the Aragort Ballroom in jjj incendiary
Chicago, as well as other theater engagements all over the country. Miss Leonard’s claim to the title of “Aft American Cirl” originates in that her likes, dislikes, physique and ancestry make her the composite of Arherican girls today. Her favorite colors, actors, books, mode of dressing and sports are all similar to favorites established by pop-
ular polls.
Her ancestoral claim to the “AllAmerican” title lies in her father came from the same English town AVhei'e George Washington’s ancestors > lived, and her mother’s ancestors were Sioux Indians. All kinds of sports held the in-
bombs, time bombs, high explosives, and other types of bombs. Those that receive instruction at the University will be policemen, firemen, etc., who will in turn be called upon to lead training classes fn their own communities. Every two weeks there will be a new group of trainees coming to the campus. All of the students will be selected by regional director of the Office of Civilian Defense. The school will last for the duration, or as long as necessary to complete the training program.' Bomb Structures Structures which have been
)tai4llH Pf b^Pauw Will Lead Sessions
78th annual convention of the Indiana Council of Christian Education will open next Wednesday morning in Eliza Fowler Hall with an address by Dr. Edward R. Battlett of DePauw, who will preside at the sessions to be held in the Union, June 17, 18 and 19, Between 1,200 and 1,800 people are expected
to register for the event.
Among the prominent speakers to address the convention will be Dr. A. W. Beaven, Rochester, N. Y., president of Colgate-feochester Theological Seminary, J. Quinter Miller, associate general secretary of the Federal Council of the Churches of Christ in America; George Oliver Taylor, national director of Youth Work and national student director foi Churches of the Disciples Of Christ; and Dr. R,
Annual 4 Up Goes Into Final
H Club Session
iihr-
t^test of Miss Leonard, as well as, ^I'scted at the Service and Stores
building will be moved behind the Ross-Ade Stadium where they will be bombed, set on fire, and in other ways demolished. Army instructors will give advice on how to care for the problems presented by the vari-
ous situations.
Office of the directors of the chemical warfare school will be in Cary Hall North where the civilians here for instruction will also stay.
of the members of the orchestra. Of the eighteen girls in the orchestra there are three poloists, one exstate champion tennis player, an entire hockey team, a tournament golf player, Mildred Cobb, in addition to one young lady who is
studying wrestling.
Featured trumpeter with the orchestra is Jane Sager who is said to “do more blood stirring tricks With her shining instrument than «ny other mere man or woman.” Code Class To Hold First Meeting Today In EE Building Hirst meeting in a new series of beginning and advanced code classes, sponsored weekly by the Radio Club, will be held tonight at 7:30 in room 6 of the Electrical Engineering buildihg ^'ulposc ~u]! these classes is to aid students desiring to learn the international Morse code, and to increase the proficiency of the advanced oper-
ators.
A new photo-electric unit which is coupled into an audio oscillator is to be used in the instruction of the classes. The machine is capable of sending up to 100 words pex minute from recorded tapes. Art Westneat, who instri^ted the military code classes during the past year and who is president of the University Radio Club, is instructing the classes. Seniors Seniors who failed to register for senior Debris pictures at the specified time may do so today and tomorroVif iti room 60 in the sub-basement of the Union at anytime between 8:30 a. m. and 4:30 p. m. Sweet Shop Booth 1. I ^ Selli Wal Stamps ^ ‘ i ’ i V Uilion Wa!r Stamp Committee, headed hy Marion Siegler and Ted Chapman, Junior Union executives, has set up a booth outside of the Sweet Shop to carry on stamp selling from 4 until 5:30 p. m. War stamps wil^ be sold six days a week feetwe'en these honx's. Two charts will be used: one to Vepfe^ent the thtal sales of the entii'e University and the other will record the sales of fraternities, sororities, co-ops, Cary Hall units and oflier house gi'oups on the campus. This move was niado in order to inct'ease the sale of Defense Stamps, which has dropped off considerably at the University during recent
weeks.
School Will Explain
efs' Par!
ih Civilian Itefense '■ Firemen’s part in civfllah defense will be the theme of the ninth annual Indiana Fire School which will be held oix the cbmpus tomorrow
and Friday.
Registration will be held tomorrow" morixing at 8:30 in the Electrical Engineering Bxiilding and the xneetings will be held in the same
building.
Many Organizations Cooperate The school is a coUperative project between the University Engineering Extension Department; Indiana Inspection Bureau and Indiana Fire Marshals’ Department; Indiana Fire Chiefs’ Association; Indiana Volunteer and Industrial Firemen’s Association and the International Fire Fighters’ Associa-
tion.
Topics^scheduled to be discussed at the two day meeting include the municipal control center and how it wmrks; trmning for auxiliary firemen; the hir raid warden and his duties; handling incendiary bombs; bomb danjage and the firemen; first n3er black-out conditions; pment pfoblems during the
Training School For House Mothers Begins Next Monday House mothers’ training school at the University will open on June 16 and will last until July 10. This school is designed to give the frate'nity and sorority house mothers a ihance to discn.ss the various difficulties I'hey encountered in the previous year. Directed By Detfn Stratton A regular feature of the summer session, the school is again under the direction of Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women. More than a hundred women from a dozen states have already enrolled in the school which was first instituted in 1938. One of the topics which will be discussed is “How college fraternities and sororities may meet the rise in the cost of living of the past year.” In conjunction with this topic the house mothers will discuss menu planning, food purchasing, alumni relationships, keeping the students physically fit, cost accounting, house budgeting and maintenance and pioblems of the late adolescence. Many Portnineiftt Speaker^ Among the featured speakers for the school will he Piesident E. C. Elliott; Dean Sarah Blanding, Cornell University; Mrs. Harding Cecil, Evanston, Illinois; Dean Katherine Ingle, University of Cincinnati; Mrs. Ruth McGarn, Northwestern University; Controller R. B. Stewart of the University; and Dr, F. B. Knight, director of the summer session. Aside from these speakgri? there is the regular staff of the school) which will include Prof. Edith Gamble, Miss Helen Sehleinan, and Mrs. Lena McDongle. CommiHee To Hold Skating Party Friday ■ Social Service Committee of the Wesley Foundation is sponsoring a skating party at Maple Point next Friday night. Those going will meet at the Foundation house at 8. Skating will last from 8:30 until 11:30. Tickets will cost 26 cents and may be purchased from Penny Pennington, John DeYdung, or Mary Beth Dayhuff.
Sam Pence, senior Forensic manager, has announced that all sophomore eds and coeds interested in Forensis managerships should report to room 386 of the Union at 4 next Wednesday afternoon. The work of the sophomore managers will consist mainly of assisting in carrying out the difl’erent speech contests of the campus and in helping with the work of managing the high school debate 'conference of 700 or 800 high school
debaters.
The speech contests will include a summer War Contest, the Bev-
and other common problems '*^8® ®P®®^h contest for freshmen,
the Hanley Speech contest for engineers, the Lodde Speech contest for coeds and the All-Campus Discussion Tournament. Much valuable experience can be gained by the administering of these contests.
Dean E R 6arHe« head of Maishal; W. Fred Heisler, Okla- Stage-Stump-the deoartment of reliaious ed homa A. & M.; Carter Bowser, of banquet, managers receive DeP?u; U^lversfly; ■>•/»- Taylov. wist- .t will preside at the |„d,ara have a„ oea.rtenfJLw„A
Council on Christian Educa-
tion.
Last Days Program Will Feature Review Of Livestock Judging, Presenting Awards Over 1600 4-H club menlberg and leaders from, all corners of the state will return home today after the closing sessions of the 24th an during the first three days of this week, nual 4-H Club Round-Up held on the campus Today’s program will consist of the presentation of awards to winners in the various contests and the high scoring demonstrations will be repeated in the livestock judging pavilion at
8 a. m.
Margaret Murphy of the Kerr Glass Company will speak on “Food JFor Thought” and Glen
Lehker of the entomology department will discuss “Defeat "the Bugs” at a meeting of the Home Economics section which
will begin in Fowler Hall at 8:30 a. m.
Harry Ainsworth, State club leader, will preside at the closing session, which will be held in the Music Hall starting at 1:15 p, m. The theme of the afternoon program will be .“Youth Salutes America.” The University Military Band, directed by „ Prof. P. S. Emrick and the
University Musicdl Organizations, under the direction of A1 Stewart, will join hands in a special program dedicated to
4-H’ers in the Service.
Among the prominent features on yesterday’s program was the joint broadcast over WBAA and WLS of the “Dinner Bell Hour” from Eliza Fowler Hall from 12:00
to 12:30.
Shumaker Speaks
R. Worth Shumaker, assistant director of the American Legion of
Forensic Board
Issues Callout For Juniors
Adivities Bureau To Hold School For Soph Interviewers
Activities Bureau will hold a three session school for sophomore interviewers beginning tomorrow at'4:10 p. m. in room 366 of the Union before holding the annual freshman interviews. , j-
Sophomore interviewers will be principal
of state fire and police department.
Many Speakers Scheduled
Among the speakers scheduled are: Clarence A. Jackson, director of the Indiana Civilian Defense Council; Clem Smith, State Fire
instructed in the functions of the various activities, time required for them and all the minute details concerning activities that might interest freshmen. Jackie Wells, junior fn charge of the interviewing will
speaker at a general session held yesterday afternoon m the Music Hall. Shumaker, who was introduced by Dean Harry Reed of the School of Agriculture, spoke on “Making America Strong.” In his
conduct the school. On JnUe 27 the Shumaker pointed out the dan-
actual interviews with the fresh-
gers that face America from with-
men will be carried on by these ™ Amencati Legion is sponsoring in its efforts to make America stiong. He challenged the youn.g club
H. Mueller, Cleveland, 0., national director of religions education for the Evangelical Church. Bible Featured In Discussions The convention has for its general theme “Speak to My People That They Go Forward” (Ex. 14: 16). Among the topics that will bo discussed are: “The Bible and Pwsonal Christian Living”; “The Bible in All Church Families”; “The Forgotten Foundation”; and the “Community Cooperation in Character Building.” One of the outstanding features of the convention will bo the combined meeting with the Indiana Presbyterian Synod in the Music (See RELIGION, page 4)
Cox, Indiana Inspection Bureau; R. F. Ilanim, State Fire Marshal’s department ; Charles' Gregory, Indianapolis; Phillip Soneson of the engiiieeiing staff; and “Sol” Trainer, chief of the Junior Fire Depart-
ment, of Sebring, Ohio. Other Speakers To Appear
Others scoduled to appear on the program are J. L. Lingo, director of the University’s Public Safety Institute; Captain Kenneth Kline, iiidustiial protection division of the Public Safety Institute, and Charles Kieting, captain, Evansville fire de-
pai tment.
Exhibits and demonstrations will be featured on both days of the school. One of these special features will be the first aid demonstrations given by Sol Trainer and his Junior Fixe Department from Sebring, Ohio.
have an opportunity to work for the junior managerships, which are now held by Bert Squiers, Stuart Ross, Margaret Watson, and Evelyn Cleavlin. The Senior managers are Sam Pence and Martha Hedges. Capt. W. L. Gilliland To Speak On WBAA Capt. W. L. Gilliland, instructor in the U. S. War Department civilian protection school, will speak on “War Comes to the Home” over WBAA next Monday afternoon at 1:30. This talk is a continuation of the regular weekly series of Better
Homes Broadcasts.
Capt. Gilliland has been assigned to the civilian protection school, designed to train instructors for the midwestern area, which opens at the University next Monday.
sophomores.
The interviews will acquaint the freshmen with the fimctions of the various campus activities and advantages of participating in each. This is to help the student choose the activity that is most suited to
his interests.
young
members to do their pait in h< ing our country win the war. Highlight of yesterday’s program was the annual banquet and party held in both ballrooms of the
Credit will be .given for the time Johnson Counsophomores spend for this activity, Jeffries, Henry and they will be considered work- 'bounty, principal speakers at the ers of the bureau. All those inter- discussed what club mem-
bers can contribute to the victory
program.
Program Provides Entertainment Other features of the program were a marimba solo by Eidon
ested are requested to attend.
OEM Urges Civilians To Save Existing Supplies Of Rubber Tires
ICditor'B note: Tins is (he third in a series of articles from the Office for Emergency Management dealing: with the rubber crisis coni routing: the nuhon and explaining; why there will be no more rubber fur civilion use when present tires arc worn out. It is because America is the world’s most highly motoiized nation that the inbbei crisis assumes such impoitaneo. The rubber crisis in this nation of 34,000,000 antomobile.s and moio than a thiAl of all the haid surfaced roads in the woild is vastly graver than a similar crisis in, for instance, the United Kingdom. Few Private Autos On Highways In England today Ihere are comparatively few privately operated motor vehicles on the highways. It is virtually impossible for a civilian to get a tire: and gasoline rationing i.s so rigid as to make impossible anything approaching “Motoring as Usual.” Even if it wore possible to obtain tiic.s and gasoline in Eng-‘ land, the private driver—whatever his need—probably would be unable to run liis car because English mechanics and garage men are in the armed services or in war industry and most gai'ages are closed down. With us the .situation is altogether otherwise. Impoitance to our war economy of the automobile, whether private car or bus or highway iruck, has been repeatedly emphasized by the Office of Defense Transportation. Eastman Suggests “Group Riding” Joseph B. Eastman, director of that office, has warned repeatedly that only the most far-sighted measures, only the most earcfiil integration of all forma of transporlation Would enable ns to produce the war weapons wo need and keep those weapons flowing toward the fighting fronts. Mr. Eastman called recently for immediate organization of a nation-wide war transportation program. He suggested a number of ways in which the transportation facilities might be made to last longer and, among them was “Group Riding” in private auto-
mobiles on a planned, neighborhood-by-neighborhood basis.
Government Suggests Pooling
Life Insurance Men Meet On Campus For Annual School Approximately 60 salesmen from all parts of the state arrived here Monday for the three week annual course of life insurance. The first week covers the fundamentals of life insurance and develops the sales pattern for field work. The second week deals with the study of properties in comparison with life insurance. Estate protection and taxation constitute the problems to be dis-
cussed in the final week.
The life underwriters association was founded in 1939. The course is an intensive course in life-insurance principles and the technique of selling. It is built upon the practical, rather than academic and technical lines, and enables the
Floyd, Madison County; a Solovox solo by David Simpson; tapping and twirling by Maiilyn Mooie of Warren County; music by the Camden trio; group singing led hy A1 Stewart and a comedy act conducted by Boscoe Fraser of the Uni-
versity horticultural staff.
After the banquet, folk dancing was held in the south ballroom (See 4-H CONFERENCE, page 4) '
Trade, Industrial Education Seminar
Will Meet Saturday
Trade and Industrial Education
Seminar, a summer session ac^tivity, IS meeting each Saturday from 7 a. ra. to 1 p. m. in the Education biiild-
This is what is called “Pooling” the use of autonio- - i ^ ,
bile.s and pooling, of itself, is not a new idea. The OD'f underwriter to do a greater volume
and other Government agencies, aware that what most business.
of u.s do not lealize is true—that when our4ires are gone there will be no more—have consistently called upon the country’s motorists to pool their cars. But the country’s motorists have paid little heed to this call. And the proof of this is in the fact that in spite of all the talk about pooling, automobiles still loll up to the parking spaces before factories pnd offices the country over with most of their capacity unoccupied. A recent survey showed that the average number of passengers per car today is less than two —and that includes the driver. Automobiles Wasted .
The speakers include J. H. Alltop, personnel director of the American Life Insurance Co.; N. Eric Bell, state director of the State Farm Life Insurance Co.; and V. M. Harrold, general agent of the Lincoln National Life Insurance
Co.
Flight Officers Confer On Ability Tests
Ti cUislutGcl into tcii^s of trunsportstion—und XliroG officovs in of flying is just what the wartime automobile must become, instruction in different parts of the
necessary transportation and nothing else — this means that the automobiles which clutter our streets and highways today are being used to less than 40
per cent of capacity.
This is obvious waste on a grand scale. Not only do these more than half empty automobiles represent waste of tires and of equipment but waste of time. If half these empty motor cars were off the- roads— which wouhl be the case if motorists observed pooling —there would bo an end to those twice a day traffic
jams which slow the passage of people getting to and DeBose, Mather Field, in Califrom their jobs. fornia; Major Wilson from Maxwell The ODT plan, of course, involves other measures Field in Alabama, and Dr. Morris in addition to pooling. Staggering of business, school, Vitoles, chairman of the National and working hours, improved traffic regulations. But Research Council committee on (See RUBBER CRISIS, page 4) pflot selection and training.
country were here Monday to confer with Dr. E. Lowell Kelly, of the Department of Education and Applied Psychology, on flying ability teats which he has been conducting in research studies in cooperation with the Army Air Corps. Those here for the conference were Lieut. Col. Leslie Raybold, Randolph Field Texas; Lieut. T. J.
eis and other interested m problems of vocational education. George J. Smith, assistant state director of the U. S. Employment Seivice, spoke before the group last Saturday on “Problems Involving Relationships Between the Public Schools and the U. S. Employment
Service.”
Dr. Joseph Tiffin of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology spoke on “Industrial Selection Techniques” at this meeting. Screen Review To Show Six Features Tomorrow Screen Review," regular weekly showing of movie shorts, wUl present the following piogvam tomorrow afternoon in the Music Hall: “News of the Day,” 3:38 and 4:45; “Don’t Talk,” 3:17 and 5:54; “Wonders of the Sea,” 3:00, 4:07 and 5:14; “Guardians of the Wild,” 3:10, 4:17 and 5:24; “Viva Mexico,” 3:20, 4:27 and 5:34; and “Truant Officer Donald,” 3:30, 4:37 and 6:44Passports must be shown for ad-
mission.^f-i^^-2 , , ^ ,
m-
I’T'fcji l;®t$';'y;
ik'iV ’'
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business, '* I'urduc Memoriaf Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
r<li\r in-f'hiof Noms IjlitiU' Mr.hnirinjr Tflitor ... .. Si'-otts rdiliir .. - ItiisincKs' M.-iri.-ip^rr ,,,, t.'imilauii'n Maiiapcf C<»t‘d l?rtilf;r
John F. Amos Don T. Brophy John H. Armstrong ......Robert L. Hadley .. M'illiam D. Millard Ken K. Giemre Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff Associate Editors rditnriel fitafT: R. \V. B.iswinkle. D. E. Buts, W. G. Hoskins, r. Hur.li-r. D. W. Ochiltree, \V. E. Ratert. Srajts Stiiif ; O. E. l^rewer, J. S. Dawson, E. L. Karpick. t'.u>i Suily Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer. Business Staff t'opil nusiness Manager: Julia Martin, .Aih ei:i' iiia. Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson. t'irinlaC.an Manager; G. H. Kloujnan, ,\,-,(nints Manager: Trena Torrenga. . .lui'.iiir Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Kelin.
Staff For This Issue T'.dito;-: Ochiltree Issue Editor: Abbett I'diinr: Lauer Sports Editor: Brewer Rspoitevs; Miller, Sutton, Rassnan, Schiev.
t second class matter at the post office in Lafay- .. under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and al rale of postage provided for in section 1103» .'!■ 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published iv, Friday and Sunday mornings during the sum1 and d.aily except Monday during the fall and slurs. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.25 for e.' tei ; mailed subscriptions $1.50. ‘d for national advertising by National AdvertiaInc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 !., New' York, N. Y.
dfpseeze
Play
I' ing- file time-worn ruse of demanding a rol'-i::-il! vote, leaders of the drive to raise the b'v-ic irionl hly pay for men in the. services to f.rrfi vei-e aide to get it passed in the Senate. Ir at lipst, a slow response to the wants i.tf 1‘ie civilian population. It hasn’t seemed oriie fair or reasonable to the civilians that nr 11 v/tio were fighting for their country -lon’il he getting so little as !il21 a month vl:..vi tho.'e who -were making supplies at ijiit taking none of the risk, were being p,!'i;l as much as they are., I l f cour.ce, Congress decided weeks ago that tlie.i.eiy sliould be increased from the niggardly ffhl hut I hey just couldn’t agree how much the increase should be. So they fussed and rir.aucd among themselves and between the t\\<v liouse.s trying to compromise on the amount. Tlioy finally settled on a wage about half v,ay helween the lower amount which had i. ' -'n ]7.as.sed by the Senate and hhe higher ainount passed by the House. ■ T'li.c was fine until some nasty trouble-mak-er called for a roll call'll the Senate and the oonalors were ashamed to support their be,The regretable part of the episode is not tliat il took thi.s method to get the bill pas,sed. It i; 1hnt so many of the men who supported 1hi0 leaver of the revised amounts were either 1.00 a.-'liarned of their views or afraid of their coinuiuents to support what they believed. Tlie line compromise ended as sort of a spuetze play with the Senators who sincerely ojJiiosed the bill left holding an empty bag.
SsAVUJL SiJUpSLit.
roifj E. Sandusky
iii'inei- ctudent at the University, is now at h. .!!;i!'.'Oin l''ield, Texas, where he is receiving the first I ilie 1 raining that will fit him for the position , !c.i)j]:i;,idier in the, air corps. While attending the i. 'fi'v. :i, y, Sandusky was a member of Delta Chi irateinity. ^ .
jo.^n A. Whife
.,. . i'oimer sludent at the University, recently grad1 .1: o;ri tlie armored force replacement training (. ' il.)' nliicer;-; orientation course in the .sixth training /•L.'ij'aay willi an average of 99,16, the highest even ■i!::' .!'.- ill i lie .scliool. White, now a Major in the U. S. .'\' !'vei(.il Force, played quarterback on the Univer- : ly i'omhall learns from 1929 to 1931.and was.captain ■;/y Ml' lenni:' team his .senior year. He v,'as also a h'!. i3)ii;r of Pi Tair Sigma.
|rimes M. Hall
. f/J'i '40^ now .sei'ving a.s a jQight instructor, at U'ai.d'.lpli Fi(-ld, Texa.s, V'as promoted this week to Li , 1 li'.'in ..nant in the United States Army. , >fiw/or iriajoi' erime.s are committed in China liiy.i! iii oilier countries, asserts Frank Ki ;(.'!i:iii Ve.'.y graduate of the.Univer.sity of Caliioniiii, iji hi.s dis.sertation for his doctor of
[ihjlo.vophy degree.
\.y
\jiii j3 stations scattered throughout the ; . .o.i.e cai'rying the program, the University of Vyi" cousin Ijancl i.s in its fifth year of broad-j
ca: ' 'nig concert mu.sic.
ClUVttSIIIKlOK Merry-oo-ROUMD By Drew Pearson and Robert' S. Allen Admiral King Slashes Navy Red Tape; Offers Promotions To Officers To Reduce Staffs WASHINGTON, June 9—Behind Admira] King’.s forthright order slashing navy red tape fifty per cent and ordering more navy officers out of Washington, was an interesting comparison with the Jap.ariese Navy, conducted backstage by some of the
President’s advisers.
Americans, recently familiar with Japan, have reported that the Japanese Navy is staffed by only about 1,000 personnel in Tokyo. In contrast, the Navy Department in Washington has more than 30,000— not including the Navy Yard. The Japanese Navy also is reported to have cut red tape and government reports to the bone, and it gives widest latitude to commanders at sea. The U. S. Navy also gives wide latitude to commanders in distant posts, such as Admiral Leafy in New Zealand, Admiral Nimitz at Pearl Harbor. But in home waters, especially in anti-submarine warfare along the East Coast, insiders say the Navy has sufl’ered from a constant stream of reports and orders to and from Washington requiring a tremendous stalf .for the
paper Work alone.
Now Admiral King offers promotions to officers who v/ill decrease their Washington bureaus rather , , ,, , , . p i • j- i uthan increase them; who will write feWer instead of ‘That talk about our torefathei’s being resourceful and selfmore reports; who will provide more personnel for reliant IS all. the blink. I’ve consulted grandpa and he hasn t fighting instead of red tape. the least idea how we can fix our old tires.” • Gasoline Czar ""i “ The one-man dynamo who runs the gas rationing
I School Building Peffy, Soneson ?
Custodians To Meet
University Calendar
Wednesday, June 10
4-H Club Round-Up—
See Program
9:00 A.M.—Canners Technician School. 7:30 P.M.—Marriage Course
-Hort. Building
-Rooms 302 and 304,
Union
Thursday, June 11
9:00 A.M.—Canners Technician School Hort. Building 9:00 A.M.^—Fire School i South Ballroom, Union 3:00 P.M.—Screen Review : .., Music Hail 7:00 P.M.—Fire School South Ballroom, Union
7:30 P.M.—Thomas Say Entomological
Society ..Room 103, Ag. Hall
8:00 P.M.—Indiana Society of Professional Engineers ......Room 263, Union
system of the U. S. A. is a preacher’s son and a former professor of economics. Though one of the most harassed men in Washington, he is constantly on the verge of breaking into a broad smile. Only 35 ye^-rs old, he has grey hair about the ears, thin hair on top, works so late into the night that his wife, mother of a new-born boy, seldom sees him. “I generally make the two A. M. feeding,” he says. , Joel Dean iwas born in Vermont, schooled in California, and. has a doctor’s degree from Harvard, where he wrote a thesis on small loans. He spent a' year as European manager of a travel bureau, two years as traveling salesman for International Business Machine, and seven years as teacher and research expert. As a fellow economist, he always admired Leon Henderson, but never met him until he came to Washington les.s than a year ago. To effect his own economy in gasoline, he formed a “Drive-In Club” with four other OPA officials. They take turns driving to the office from Arlington, Va., across the river. When the brickbats fly in the OPA office, Dean recalls that his father, a Congregational minister, wanted him to be a missionary on a South Sea island. “Many people,” says Dean, “wish that I had fulfilled that mission.” e Lindberghi And British Raids It v.'as largely overlooked in all the excitement, but the 1000-bomber RAF raids on Cologne and the Ruhr marked an anniversary for Charles A. Lindbergh that should not be forgotten. Exactly one year ago, the young Nazi-decorated oracle of the America First Committee, solemnly proclaimed at an America First rally'in Hollywood
Bowl:
“The area, the terrains and .the climatic conditions of Great Britain are not advantageous for flying. No matter how many fighting planes ■ we build in America and send to England, it is not possible to base enough squadrons in the British Isles to equal in striking power the squadrons that Germany can base on the con-
tinent of Europe.
“Suppose we had an air force that we could send to Europe. Where could it operate ? Some of our squadrons might be ba.sed in the British Isles; but it i.s physically impossible to base enough aircraft in the British Isles alone to equal in strength the aircraft that can be based on
the continent of Europe.”
Note; The..Michigan Daily, published by students Any upstarting letter like the one of the University of Michigan, reports that when printed in the Exponent only irri-
Linclbergh walked through the giant Willow Run tates the feeling which v/e have Janie and Annie being typ-
bomber. plant, he was booed by the workers, who later tried hard to overcome. We admit
sent petitions to Ford urging Lindbergh’s dismissal, that as dates, we may not rank At any rate we are happy to hear
with the .sailor.?, But Miss Coed, you you have had your will have to admit that the treat- ^l^ites. A date while at college is an Jamming radio programs is one of the recognized ment which you have received from weapons of modern warfare. But it is a two-edged us is much better than the treatsword, and the War Department Radio Branch is 'ment you received back in your ready to swing on the Axis if the prize Army Hour, home town where the ratio was at
Letters to Editor Letters accepted for publication in this column must be accompanied by the author’s si^rnature. The name wilb however, be withheld on request. An exception of this is being- made today in the letter from the Purdue Eds due to the fact that it is in answer to the unsigned letter from the Pur-
due Coeds. Dear Sir:
In defense of the Purdue Eds from the remarks of the Purdue
to be seen at dances. Our “Joes” left school iii May, sailors, and the, girls have been sitting on their hands Wondering why we suckers don’t bite again. You’ve caug'ht them on the upswing and they’re beginning to realize that it takes two to make a date. Stick to .it, and we hope your next dates will be just as successful. Good luck, sailor.?, maybe our coeds are human after
Here June 17 Annual conference on school building and ground management for custodians and caretakers will be hold at the Univer.sity June 17 and 18. The theme of this year’s conference will be “Better Custodianship in War Time.” Proper storage of coal and the care and’ maintenance of fire extinguishers will be discussed at the opening session bn Wednesday morning. Prof. W. T. Miller and Prof. W. A. Knapp will be the principle speakers. Subjects to be taken up in the afternoon include the planning of summer work, school lighting practices, and the control of termites, pests and rodents. Afternoon speakers will be Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department, P. C. Emmons, superintendent of the public schools of Mishawaka, and Wilbur Young, head of the inspection division of the state department of public instruction. In the evening. Prof.. P. E. Soneson.will give an illustrated lecture off bomb damage. . Thursday morning’s program will include a discussion of air raid planning and a demonsti-ation of window glass protection. Topics to be considered during the afternoon include water supply precautions, floor maintenance, and the care of lawns and shrubs. lunior Ag Students Will Attend Schools Carter Everage, of Osgood; Byron D.Rigg, of Kouts; arid R. E. Smith of Danville, 111., junior student.? in agriculture at the University, will receive an intensive course ■ of study in live stock marketirig at the eighth annual Live Stock Marketing School to be held hei'e June 22 to July 2 under sponsorship of the Union Stock Yard and Transit Company, operators of the Chicago market, according to C. F. Goblile, animal husbandryman at the University. The scholarships these three hoys have won entitle them to an all expense trip to attend the two week course in Chicago.. The class will be made up of selected junior students from 18 state agricultural colleges. Approximately 100 men jii'orninently iflentified with the live stock industry at the Chicago Stock Yards will appear on the program of the course which will reveal the workings of the world’s largest live stock market.
Highway Meetings Prof, Ben Petty, head of the highway .department in the School of Civil Engineering, and Pr^of. P. E. Soriospn of the same school have been speaking at the meetings on the organization of Indiana’s state and county highway units to expedite traffic and keep highways open in event the war gets, to Indiana or the Middle West. The last of the series of meetings, which havb been held over the state during the last two Weeks, was held last Sunday and Monday at LaPorte. Soneson, who attended an air raid protection school in New York in February has been dicussing aerial bombardmerit damage to highways and bridges and :telling how the British have solved these problems so that this country may profit by England’s experience. Petty has been discussing the road organization plans in general, including the necessity of keeping the highways up to par so that they could meet any traffic demands. . : Halliwell To Lecture In Union June 18 G. P. Halliwell will lecture in Room 263 of the Union at 8 p. m. Thursday, June 18, on AluminumManganese Bronzes, under the sponsorship of the American Institute of Mechanical Engineers. Halliwell is a representative of the H. Kramer Company of Chicago, smelters aind refiners of scrap metals.
WBAA
. . . will hold barn dances in its studio in the Music Hall at 7 p; ni. on Friday nights. Actual informal square dancing will be done and everyone is invited.
LUMA LAST DAY—2 FEATURES
CHBSTfiR MORRIS iosLi' MARA
PLUS
Randolph SCOTT Elizabeth BERGNER Basil RATHBONE in 'PARIS CALLING'
their “ratio smugness.” Maybe they’ll learn to treat their dates as friends instead of valets. Yes,—
maybe . . . ? ■ The Purdue Eds
Coeds, I give the following state- all. Maybe you’ll .snap them out of
ments. When we Eds heard of the coming of the sailors, we knew that there would be rivalry which would decrease the hospitality extended to our sailor friends. However after their arrival, we found that they are a swell bunch of fellows. At every opportunity we have been friendly to them. Cary Club included the sailors into their atlvlotic prograiri. Purdue Eds 'who have car.? have turned down other Eds. to give the sailors a ride across town. In behalf of the Eds, I say that we have jl'one our part to make the sailors welcome to our campus.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Dear Coeds:
After struggling through your maze of jumbled phrases and dashe.s and being stumped by ,what you meant by your “f. g.’s” (“falling g;irdles,” perhajis), we finally concluded that you believe your.self to bo queon.s, undiscovered before the advent of the sailors. We’d almost believe you if we were gullible enough to accept what Look said.
« Army Hour Program
on .Sundays, is jammed again.
Jamming by manufactured static on other interference is feasible in the United States, only on short-wave broadcasts. The Army Hour features short-wave talks from all over the world, made by such noted personages as Mine. Chiang Kai-.shek, General Mac Arthur, General Wavell, and others. The
least 2:1.
JACK COMER Just a common Ed in the land of Queens.
To the Sailors;
Purdue coeds have at last had
experience every coed is entitled to. The “thrilling moment” must have been an exciting one after the endless days of “hanky hemming.” Maybe if the sailors don’t talk too much, some of you will get another date before the emergency is over. We can’t see how we could have been so cruel and heartless to make you sit long lonely hours without the companionship and solace of a
mast recent case of jamming was during a talk by thrill!! Thanks from the bottom of “real” MAN. In the future we .shall a high ranking Army officer Irom the Dutch island of our heart.?—we didn’t think it was attempt to amend our mi.stake.s. In Cm-acao. A piano banged loudly all the time he spoke, possible. Of course you don’t know clo.si.po;, however, let us make it Winston Churchill s latest speech, which came on them,a.s well as we do, so you treat- known that we think your letter
MAEIf -LAST TIMES TODAYVIRGINIA O’BRIE nd TOMMY DORSEY and his Orchesti
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
iBela LUGOSI »>''> oumKtyi " . Jd lieljn AHHiliS. Lon CHANEY oi-ThtwoUMon-
-TODAY-
DOUBLE FEATURE KLONDIKE FURY with EDMUND LOWE LUCILE FAIRBANKS
PLUS
THE BODY DISAPPEARS with JEFFREY LYNN JANE WYMAN
-STARTS THURSDAYDOUBLE FEATURE 2ASU PITTS ROGER PRYOR in SO'S YOUR AUNT EMMA
PLUS
STEEL AGAINST THE SKY with ALEXIS SMITH LLOYD NOLAN
the radio immediately before the Army hour, was jammed by a butteral Teiitonfe voice carefully observing Churchill’s own pauses in an efl'ort to escape
detection.
These two cases of jamming were traced by triangulation to Axis broadcasting stations. The Army
Fu: ill Hoogasian, sophomore at Wayne uni- \ er. ily, ha:-; I'ecorded 150 tales and other bits (if lollvlore belonging to Armenia’s past.
<^e hundred twenty engineering, science and ma are now underway in Texas,
ors-;—and we’re glad it’.s you who
^ ^ ai'e getting the break—you haven’t .proposes to retaliate if thi|, deliberate interference ntet our coeds whrin they had tiiree ri / offers to every dance. You weren’t * Vvflr Fl3Si1@S ' told to call hack in three or four The Nazi have banned the printing of new editions days while they were “making up of Christian catechisms and devotional books. Al- their minds.” Yes, .sailor.?, you don’t leged reason is lack of paper. But while prohibiting know the arrogance of coeds under these publications, millions of copies of a booklet on 4 to 1 ratio. Have a good time Nazi. religion were distributed to German soldiers, while it lasts, f^iillows, while you’re . Guerrilla warfare in Russia has become so highly still a novelty — for they’ll soon organized that every third guerilla now is armed realize that they outnumber you, with an automatic rifle. ... Qourageous Dutch school top. We’ve had dates before we. teachers pre following in the foot.?teps of their heroic came to Purdue (with some of these Norwegian colleagues, who defied Nazi-stooge Quis- very same coeds) and we know the ling. More than 1,200 Dutch teachers refused to difference between a girl who is a teach Nazism and have been dismissed from their good sport and one who, thinks of jot’s. , you as a free ticket to a show or (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) the burden she has to bear in order
ed them as if they arc ladies. Of was the mo.st illiterate, imhecilic, course they’ll get used to you and sen.seless, idiotic presentation of an stand you up on dates with their , issue that we have ever had the ilim.sy excu.ses. You’re lucky, sail- disiileasure of witne.ssing.
Lovingly yours, A Few Purdue Eds
DWO RWB APH ELK DEB WGH WER JSD BLT
CHILDREN'S DANCING CLASSES OPEN SAT., JUNE 13 BALLET AND TAP Classes Divided According to Age. PHONE 2)50 P. M. ALLEN, Instructor
ALLEN’S 6th and F
erry
A Paramounl Pl<iur» ilotilng
„ JOHN WAYNE lAY MlLLAND t PAULETTE Raymond Massey • tynne Overman • Robert Preston • Susan Hayward
Feature Starts at
1:40, 4:15, 6:50, 9:25 — ALL THIS WEEK — uwwaiK
— ADMISSION —
MATINEE
All Seats :40c Tax Inc
EVENING
Balcony . .. , 44c Tax Inc Main Floor 55c Tax Inc
Chiid,.„ iaii ti.„.,i..I7cT.« inports Comlilunique ri All-Stars To Face Great
Burnham As Grid Coach
By Bob Hadley
By Joe Dawson “If anyone c^n do it, Burnham can.” That is the answer which is invariably given by the ardent Riveter football fans when asked about the chances of the Boilermaker grid sqUad. this fall. , ) These fans have full confidence that Elmer Harold Burnham will be the man to bring Riveter football out of the low spot it; now holds back'to the"top posi- —■—
Lt. Gordon S. Cochrane, former “general” of the Detroit Tigers, and his Great Lakes baseball contingent engaged the Philadelphia Phils in bhttle yesterday, marking their entrance into baseball “big time.” In the course of piling up a strihg of 19 consecutive previous victories, the seamen have sunk Indianapolis and Louisville of the American Association and the Camp Graint nine, recent conquei’Ors of Chicago’s faltering Cubs. >
Sailors Boast 19•‘Game Winriinq
Streak; Entire Team Above 300
tioh it held in the days when , .. . » , , ,, , . letters m four sports. . Jimmy Phelan and the late Following graduation
Noble Kizer were at the helm
Coached For 23 Years
he was
made athletic director and coach of all sports at Central High School at
Burnham, with some 23 years of South Bend. After the first year,' coaching 'experience behind him, however, Elmer Burnham decided knows how to handle men and has that he had another jpb far'more that unexplainable something which important than coaching to attend makes all those playing under him to, so immediately enlisted in the put put their best at all times and trench artillery. He served overseas. enjoy doing it. The psychology he for a year with the Trench Mortar, ■uses on the players is really some- Battery 309 and was honorably dis-. thing to marvel about.- charged as a Sergeant in February, Maybe if we would enumerate 1919. some of the attributes and past rec- Compiles Great Record ords set by this genial, hard work- From; the end of the war until ing fellow, you could bet'ter under- joining the Boilermaker staff in stand why Elmer Burnham was ele- 1936, Burnham compiled one of the vate to the high position he now most enviable records ever hung up holds. by a high school coach. During these Took Part In Four Sports 16 years at Central his football While attending the local high teams won 188 games while losing school in his home town of West only 30 and tying eight against the Newbury, Mass., Burnham starred toughest competition Hoosier prep in both basketball and baseball. In schools can offer. In his last five the fall of 1912 he entered Spring- years there his teams scored an field College whei’e he was destined amazing total of 1,083 points, to the to become one of the finest athletes opposition’s 181. His basketball ever turned out in the history of the teams won 103 games while losing institution. In addition to basketball only 31 prior to 1926 when he gave and baseball, he became a member up coaching the hardwood sport to of the football and tennis teamssand concentrate entirely on football, was one/of the few men to receive Coached Rhinies For 7 Years
The Boilermakers travel to Monticello to meet the sailors next Tuesday, with a roster picked unhampered by Big Ten eligibility rules. However, the Great Lakes boys aren’t hampered much either^ and their lineup includes a good proportion of nien whose names were well known in major league circuits in pre-war days. The game is certain to present the Riveters; with some tough opposition. The outcome will be of especial interesf inasmuch as it will give the school an idea of the type of baseball which can be played by a team representing the University as a whole.
Experts are sitting around these days calculating the number of years that this year will take off the other end of Lou Boudreau’s life. The young pilot of the Cleveland Indians so far is bearing up rather well under the terrific job of .managing an erratic team whose pitc'hing slulhped sadly just when his aims of landing the team in tbe first division began to seem too conservative. On top of the;worries; that'go haiid-in-hand with that healthy 11% game lead held by’the Yanks, is the fact that the Indian home games are being played in riear-seclusion since Cleveland fans are staying away from League Park in droves. Qn a recent Sunday a throng of some 7,400 dotted the bleachers ^ a twin bill between the Indians and the Browns.
’Campbell Kane, great lU distance runner who has been sweeping midwestern meets with regularity in the last two yearsiimay confine himself to the half-mile in the Coming N.C.A.A. meet. Ordinarily competing in both the mile and half-mile Kane, a senior, will probably take steps to insure his sweeping of the N.C.A.A. halfmile title throughout his collegiate running career. The fellow who precipitated the situation is sophomore Bob Rehberg of Illinois who bested Kane in the half-mile at the Central Collegiate Meet in Milwaukee. It seems likely now that Campbell Kane will not risk running thA mile against a field of the country’s best collegiate runners only 40 minutes before the gun in the half-mile event.
Ward softball, one of the many intramural activities planned for the summer session, will open tonight on the Russell field. A six game schedule is planned for each team and games will be played every Monday and Wednesday evening beginning at 6:46. It is the plan of the intramural office to Wind up the season with a single elimination tourney in which all wards wilL be represented. So far 10 wards are entered in the competition, but several sections of the campus are as yet unrepresented. Any of these unrepresented sections wishing to get into the tourney should notify the intra-mural office in the Fieldhouse as soon as possible. According to the intramural manager, intra-ward tennis and horseshoe tournaments are also being organized. Singles and doubles matches are planned for the tennis competition. All those interested in getting in on these'’tourneys are asked to get in touch with their ward manager or notify the intramural office before next Monday.
Jn a game which will be played for the benefit of the Navy Relief Fund, Coach Fehring’s all-star diamond .squad, com> posed of the majority of this year’s Riveter outfit, plus Dbii Blanken and Ed Ehlers of the Lafayette Red Sox, and Don Danielson of this year's Indiana team, will tangle with Mickey Cochrane’s Gr^at Lakes squad '' ■■ next Tuesday afternoon at , „ . . ' . _ __ P‘®y- Ernie is working now Monticello. The Sailors are but may possibly get back and aee
currently riding on the crest of action against the Middies. The rea 19 game winning streak with mainder of the Riveter squad which
victories over some of the finest service and collegiate nines
in the country.
Mound Starter Doubtful
Fehring has not announced as yet ,, who will start on the mound against
finished the season against Minnesota three weeks ago will be on
hand.
Smith To Catch
Walt Smith is a sure bet to do
Great Lakes. Blanken, one of the f illers will be orr third in the evept
■Hiof V/MUllV Aawia IvAaIp
best hurlers in the Conference a I"®-""'*
year ago, may get the nod, but probably be. sti-
Walt Leifheit, Ed Misselhorn and
Pqul Petrich still remain as pos-
of the infield positions still in doubt.
sible starters. Leifheit showed thit Danielson, one of the mainstays fdr
his arm is still in good shape by hurling a one-hit shutout for the
American Legion team Monday evenSng. He struck out 11 men in the first five innings and walked
none.
be in the outfield along with Carl
Hipp,
The Great Lakes club, bolstered by five former big leaguers, has averaged no less than 9.6 runs per
There is still considerable doubt snme since the opening of the sea-
as to whether Ernie Young Will be
son two months ago. The last time the sailors were beaten was on May
Pacific Coast Vdulter
Sigma Chis, Phi Delts Win; Keep Lead In Intrafraternity Softball Standings
IM Schedules
Bo-ivliiig Schedule for All-Campus Tourney June 10—6:30 o’clock
Alpha Chi Rho—Phi Delta Theta. Sigma Nu—Pi Kappa Phi. Theta Chi—Phi Sigma Kappa. Kappa Sigma—Alpha Tau Omega. Triangle—Acacia.
Court 14—Acacia vs. Sigma Nu. Court 16—Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Delta Theta. Court 16—Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Chi Rho. Court 17—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Theta Chi. Court 18—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Alpha Tau Omega. • Court 19—Sigma Chi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha.
Tries For New Record
By Fred Rassmann Little change in the standings was noted after the smoke of IM softball competition had cleared from yesterday’s hostilities. The Phi Delts and Sigs stilLretained their perfect slates, the latter dumping Theta Xi, 9-8, while the former
8 ;46 o’clock Pi Kappa Alpha—^Phi Kappa Tau. Alpha Sigma Phi~Delta Tau Delta. Delta Upsilon—Lambda Chi Alpha. Phi Gamma Delta-^Beta Theta Pi. Cary Hall—Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
The following fraternities will play Softball Thursday evening, June 11, 6:30: Diamond 1^—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Pi Kappa. Diamond 2—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon.
Diamond 3—Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Alpha Chi Rho.
It’s the longest pole-vaulting run-way in the world, and all on account of just one person. That person is none other than Cornelius Warmerdam, West .Coast high school teacher who has bested every vaulting record ever to be set. The “world’s longest runway” is at Northwestern Uhiversity, where the Pacific marvel will attempt to set another record, when the Big Ten-Pacific —-—^———; ■
tdppe'd the Pi Kappa Phis 6-2. Delta Theta ..............6 Tau Kappa Epsilon, Alpha Sigma Chi /.A Tau Omega, and Sigma Alpha Tau Kappa Epsilon 4 . , ^ Alpha Tau Omega.... 4 Mu managed to stay within sigma Alpha Mu 4 striking distance of the leaders as Delta Upsilon 2 they boosted their wins to four Pi Kappa Alpha. ...3 against one defeat. Sigma Alpha Epsilon-...3
1.000 1.000 .800 .800 .800 .760 .750 .760
The following. Ward Softball Regular games, will be played Wednesday evening, June 10, at 6 :46 : Diamond 1—Ward 1 vs. Ward 2. Diamond 2—Ward 4 vs. Ward 5. Diamond 3—Ward 21 vs. Ward 22. Diamond 4—Ward 25 vs. Ward 26. IJiamond 6—Ward 27 ys. Ward 29.
Diamond 4—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Beta Theta Pi. Diamond 6—Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Diamond 6—Delta Chi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Diamond 7—Phi Delta Thefa vs. Kappa Sigma.
coast dual meet is held Tues-
day night, June 16. How About Airplanes?
Outranks Contenders
Diamond 8—Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Pi Kappa Alpha.
Following Fraternities will play Tennis Singles Wednesday evening at 5 o’clock, June 10: i Court 1—Tail Epsilon Phi vs. Phi Kappa. Court 2—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Court 3—Triangle vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Court 4—Alpha Kappa Lambda vs.. Theta Xi. Court'5—Sigma Pi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Court 6—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Court n—Pi Kappa Phi vs. Theta Tau. Court 12^—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Delta Chi. Court 13—Delta Upsilon vs. Kappa Sigma.
Diamond 9—Acacia vs. Theta Chi. Diamond 10—Sigma Nu vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Diamond 11—Sigma Pi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. . : Diamond 12—Delta Upsilon vs.' Kappa Delta Rho. Diamond 13—Triangle vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon'; Diamond 14—Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Sigma Chi. Diamohd 15—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Diamond 16—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Theta Tau Diamond 17—Theta Xi vs. Delta Tau Delta.
Warmerdam’s record of 16 feet, 7% inches in the vault ranks far
' n V ir-ii , X xTr-, above the best mark of his prospecFrank Hill and K. L. Wilson, x , , j ^ 1 . ,, tive contender s, 14 feet, SIX inches, coach and athletic director on the m, t.- j x x i x,. x XI,,, The;Piedmont, Calif., teacher-ath-Wildcat campus, said yesterday that , x -n i , xi. x-x- ^ t, ■ I X • lead the competition be-
4 at Wrigley Field where the Chicago Cubs caiiie out on top by a 6i-3 count. Following the game at Monticello the Middies will get more taste of big league compel tition when they meet the Bostoii Red Sox and the Chicago White Sox
on the 20th and 22nd. Grace Paces Sailors
Leading the Sailors at the plate is Joe Grace, formerly with the St. Louis Browns, with an averhgfe of .400. Benny McCoy, last year with the Athletics, is close hehintl with a .396 average. Don Padgett in the cleanup position has been the chief power hitter for Great Lakes^ In the game with the Riveters he hit a home run and a triple. Eack member of the first team is hitting above the .300 mark. . '
every effort was being made to give Warmerdam the breaks, even though it “wouldn’t suit a B-17
bomber.”
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
The following Fraternities will play Gold & Black Wednesday evening, 6:30, June 10: Field 1:—Kappa Delta Rho vs.. Sigma Nil. Field 2—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Acacia. Field 3—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. Field 4—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Kappa Sigma. 7 :00 o’clock Field 1—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Triangle. Field 2—Phi Kappa vs. Tan Epsilon Phi. Field )—Pi Kappa Phi vs. Theta Chi. Field 4—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Lambda Chi Alpha.
tween the coast entrants. Bill Schaeffer, U. S. C.; Roy Maggard, U. ,C. L. A., and Russ Peck, Stanford, and the three Big Ten con-
' Track fans at Chicago and Evan- testants Jack Defield, Minnesota;
ston are rushing the ticket offices gjjj Williams, Wisconsin, and John
for seats on the west side of Dyche Schmidt, Ohio State.
Stadium, where the vault pit is being erected. Broad jumpers are
mumbling because their scene of action has been pushed to a remote corner of the field to accommodate the high-flyer.
Belle-Sharmeer Stockings
FOR PERFECT FIT IN EVERY TEXTURE :..ALL LEG SIZES HERE EXCLUSIVELY
Short girls, tall girls, average girls, all girls—here’s your vacation ticket to blissfully beautiful legs and flawless fit. Now as always Belle-Sharmeer Stockings are sized for the width of your legs as well as their length—won’t wrinkle, bag, or twist. Check them for greater travel mileage in every texture! All leg^sizes—Bren for small legs, Modite for middling, Duchess for tall, Classic for plump. Belle-Sharmeer Stockings in all leg sixes $1.35 to. $1.65 a pair
Thieme & Wangerin
622-626 Main Street
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD j. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4lh. and Main St. Lafayette
Not that Warmerdam’s recent record isn’t impressive, but it really isn’t anything new to the vaulter. During, his past 24 appearances in track and field competition the school-teacher has gone' 16 feet or better. His soaring vaults are emphasized by the fact that no other vaulter in history has ever reached 16 feet. , Put that in your pipe and smoke
it.
New hair-do? It’s safe under a
WAVE-GARD CAP
For beach For shower
It’s light as a feather f. < tissue thin ^ ^ •. snug... comfortable doesn’t bind < i I stretches nine times its own sizesigCan’t muss your hair putting it on I And your curls are intact after a steaming bath, a shower, or a swim. Made of that amazing material, satiny liquid latex, Playtex caps come in white, pink, navy, red, ebony, green, yellow, sky blue. Delightfully gift packaged in cellophane, tulip fashion. Tuck a dozen away to have on hand for bridge prizes, party favors, travelling, holidays, etc. 'Mail an^Ehone Orders EUled
Michigan, Iowa Tie For First ? CHIOAGO, 111., June 9 — Final standings in the Western Conference baseball race, tallied over the week-end here, list Iowa and Michigan as co-champions. The Hawkeyes and Wolveriht^ both pounded out 10 wins, as coih; pared to two losses, over their league competitors, ending with; .833 average, . - ? Badgers Split Ohio State and Wisconsin played a twin bill over the week-end/ ishing the regular Coifferehce schedule. Ohio State defeated, the Badgers in the opening- cont^i 6-2, but lost 6-4, in the second, to split the series. Bob Faber, Iowa, took Big T^ hitting honors with a .660 average for six games, and his teammate, George Knight, clouted out a .444 average in six games to take second place in league batting. The final standings: W. L. Pet. Michigan 10 2 .833 Iowa .10 2 .833 Wisconsin ...X- 7 5 .683 Ohio'State 7 5 .683 PURDUE 6 7 .4X7 Illinois .1 5 7 .4i7 Indiana 5 ' 7 .4X7 Minnesota :... 5 7 .417 Northwestern 4 8, .333 Chicago 2 10 .167
Entries For WAA Golf
Tourney Due Today
Entries in the golf tournament sponsored by the Women’s Athletic Association must be made by noon today. Coeds may enter either by signing their names on th^ bull^ tin board in the main office of the Women’s Gym or by calling thjji gym. Tournament play will begin June 16 and will be'completed by July 1. Two flights will be playeck one for advanced players and one for beginnei’s. The advanced gropp will play on the eighteen hole tfniversity golf course, and the beginners will play nine holes,. on three hole practice course. Kathlp^n Gannon is in charge of the topenkment. !■
Jim Meyers
. .. ME ’44, will give n short t4k and demonstration on chalk sketejir ing today in the West Kecept^n Room in the Union at 8 p. ra, «t.n meeting sponsored by the Art Guild. It will be open to nil students, faculty, and townspeople And Ann Ostrander will pose jEw sketches.
Mit
in Agronomy opened last Monday. %nivfejsity is offering tensive courses in seed testing, conli'ibl tff ijre^S, Enrage crops, and ifradM? snd Judging of grain for feose'whd'nre unaWe to give more ttan three weeks of their time to ^lie si;iidy o^ agriculture. ■ l^es'e coiirkfes carry full credit inaximum load for the threeiraeks period will be thi’ee credit hours, br. G. H. Cutler, Assistant Chlief of the Agronomy Department, will be in charge of the^ pro* gTatn, and the instructors will be H. b. Schulte, J. ft. Lefforge, and F. E. Robbins. During these courses, field day will be held, and there will be a i^fiitibnbl teachers’ conference. The Round-Up ^ also cOmes during ttSs hfei^bd. '■ The course in Commercial Grain '&rbding and Comparative Grain Judging will be offered for the second time, this summer, but others h&Ve been included in the earlier ’suTnimer sessions. McCarter Receives Munkipel Pest Walter J. McCarter, EE ’21, who has been vice-president in charge of Operation of the Cleveland Eailway, was recently nartied chief of the new municipal organization Which has taken over the Cleveland Railway. Mr. McCarter, who waS awarded the prbTessional degree of electrical engineering hy ftie University in 1932, had formerly been connected with the Milwaukee Railway & Light Company, and before becoming vice-president of the Cleveland -Railway, held the position of Superintendent of Personnel. He has also befen active in the establishment of k - staggered-hours program for Cleveland. ^Ordnance Class Enrolls 21 Students
Correction
Scbhhnlra ntftl hlnH Final plaVa fbr the claiJee and pledgirfg will be disousaed. Everybody pleaae be there. ' —SPENCER. . WAA OdW Tourney :i L'iut ISrne to aiirri 'bh for beginners tdurneV Wednesday night, jitlie 10. Advanced toinnarticn't pairings are posted in Women’s Gym. First match must be played by .Tune 22. Reamer Pledt'cs: FoVIbal 'pledging at 8:80 p. m, Wednesdhy, June lO, m tTnioli. Pring blindfold, pcrieil, aPd paper. —tCN'OTE. Studentsj Thoa.e desiring to,,fire, ip the Sbidept Art Guild: Picnic Saturday, June second Novice Pistol Group which iitnrta 13, at 6 p. m. Meet at the puttering shops Tuesday, June 1(S, may sigp up in the sup- at 5:30 p. m. ply roam WOW. —LT. BROWN ' -.-FEl.PER. .
'. Chemical Engineers; All tfiterestOd in Vrotking op the Alumni Directors !6i,iA.l.Gh.E. PfeCt at 4:30, Wednesday, June 10 in Studiv room, Chemieal Engineering Building. V. , —walker. Condition Exams In English.: Exams for temoVaT of C's fn -Enplikh W1M be weld Sat,. June IS from 1 to 4 p.m. in room 201, .University finll.'R'elWovhl of C cards PaUV be obtained iw the English Office in University Hall. —CREEK
,16S idWi. HSWttier SflttSM lEiJtwMivef: Meeting Monday, June 16, Pt 4 p. W. ill room 206 of Aritiory. vi * ■ (, —VANDERFOftD,.
Students: .Trjont8jf<^_
Purdue girder of ZouaVes >^15 bfe'Tjffld ph
WednoBday, June 10,'iit 4/P. the
;'vBeautiful Paulette iGoddard has one of the most glamorous rt^es of her screen career as tempestuous Loxi Claiborne in “Reap The Wild Wind,” Cecil B. DeMille sea epic, how playing at the Lafayette theatre. The new Technicolor production co-stars Paulette with Ray Milland and John Wayne, plus a huge supporting cast, in a »tory of pirate wreckers in 1840. i
House Directors'
One hundred hnd 'one persons have registered for a three-weeks House Directors’ training school at the University. The school will be held Jilne 1'6 to July 10, and is de-j signed to interest fraternity and sorority house mothers and directors. Denn of Women Dorothy Btratton Will serve as director of the school. Topics ’ discussed will include menu planning, food purchasing, alumni relationships, how to keep fit, cost accounting, house budget and maintenance, and problems of the late adolescence. The program was first-instituted in 1938.
F^&m Cincinnati Conference
. Elfeven women and te:M men joined the ordnance inspection class at the University last week as civil service %jiiployees of the Cincinnati ordniftce ‘district, making a total enrolffPerft of 36 in the class. This is t;hird ordnance class to begin training at the University. The first group completed the 12 weeks course two weeks ago, and are now ift^igned to duties in the field, . The new group includes three girls who graduated from the University in 1942, two in the School of Science and one in Home Economics. Other college graduates, all women, included one from the University of Michigan, one from Oberlin college, and one from Pacific Senior college. The age limits of the riew inspector trainees range from 21 tom Prof, Degering Publishes Book On Organic Nitrogen PrQf. E. F. Degering, of the Uni- . Varsity chemistry, department, and collaborators, have just published the only "book of its kind in the field Uf organic nitrogen compounds, “An Outline of Organic Nitrogen ■Gompounds.” -The new publication represents a fteveloinneht of ten years in the teaching of the chemistry of OrganS'lfe nftrofeen. The material is pre-Beiited-in outline foim and is brief end to the point, yet the total coverage is fairly compreliensive. ■The book, which is illustrated wRh many diagrams, is designed Bpecffically for graduate students, reseaT'ch workers and specialists in the field, NiW Instfuctors Attend Meeting Relen Hazeltbn, head of the women’s pTiysical education department, lah’d ARce Bond, Theresa Bell and 'Marjorie Case of the physical edueation staff Will attend a Working conference on the place of physical (fe'ducation in the college program Wext Friday through Sunday at the University of Wisconsin.
< Continued from page 1) while Glen Wright and his orchestra played for social dancing in the north ballropm. Madison County, represented by Donnell Ellsworth, Joe Walker and Walter Lennis, all of Alexandria, and coached by F. H. Disque, vocational teacher at Alexandria, won the trophy in the combined poulti’y and egg judging contest and were first in egg judging.- Tippecanoe County team won first in the poultry judging. Donnell Ellsworth, member of the championship Madison team was the high individual on the judging of poultry and eggs. He was closely followed by Floyd Kemper of Tippecanoe County, second; andWilfred Deaton, KoschiSko County, third. " . ’ . In the insect identification contest; Marjorie Pratt uf Advance and Phyllis Charlesworth of Otterbein, tied for first honors and Mary Jewetts of Klondike, Tippecanoe County,' Was third. Pratt and Charlesworth will share the Harry Holt Cup during the coming year. Benton County entries took three out of the first four places in the weed identification contest, Albert Zink Winning first,-Gordon Thompson second and Tommy Maddox fourth. John Raible of. Marion County brbke up the Benton monopoly by .taking second. Results of the other contests being conducted during the three day Yneeting will be announced at a ses.Ron to be held this morning at 10 a. m. in the livestock judging pavilianion the University farm.
Rubber Crisis (Continued from page 1) pooling is a major part of the plan, and there must be organized sys-, tematic pooling if we are to get the mo.st out of the rubber stockpile that has been entrusted to us. The difficulty is that astonishing unwillingness of the American motoring public to believe that when the present stock of rubber tires is gone there will be nu more. No Immediate Supply Even if by some; miracle we were to kick the Japs out of Malaya and the Dutch East Indies tomorrow, this would 'not assure us an immediate supply. English planters in Malaya and their Dutch counterparts in Java and other places throughout the Netherlands East Indies followed that same “scorched earth” policy the Russians used to embarrass Adolph Hitler. Many ask the questiop; “Why not expand the synthetic rubber facilitio.s?” The answer is that plants to make synthetic rubber use up vast amounts of steel and other materials needed for weapons, ships, and planes. Steel is the ^nost important war material involved in building plants and this steel must be steel of the same high quality as that used in making armor plate. The .synthetic rubber plants also require largo amounts of aluminum compounds' and other strategic materials. Building Limited And so the extent to which we can build plants for making synthetic rubber is limited. It is a mistake to think that our Army-and Navy do not have, to substitute. Actually the Army Air Coips hag turned to plastics, in order to save aluifiinum for uses in 'which it is absolutely essential. Our Armed Services, anil the ’ Armed Services of our Allies now are repoi’ted to be using abput 25 per cent leSs rubber than they would normally use in weapons, planes and ships. If America’s fighting men can save rubber,, if rubber is so impor* tant to this fight that the Armed Services use it ■ sparingly, there should be no doubt as to the dpty of Americans at home.
The name of Treva M. Davis (IS) was Ortiitted f^om the list qf distinguished students which appeared in the Expottent Sunday, June 7.
' (Continued from page 1) Hall next Wedriesday evening, at which a combined chorus expected to number 700 to 800 persons will sing four hymns composed by Clar* ence Dickinson, formei’iy of Lafayette, who is now a composer and choir director in New York City. Dickinson To Direct Choir Dr. Dickinson will direct in person the entire group made up of church choirs from over the state and the University choir of 260 voices while they sing two of his hymns. Albert P. Stewart, University choral director, who conferred last Week in New York with D.r. Dickinson, will direct the home economics choruses in the singing of two other numbers written by Dr. Dickinson. Miss Joanna Lloyd of West Lafayette will serve as ac-. eonipanist for both groups.
. Reservists: All male students, who have not yet completed the.two years basic military Tmlhin'g required foT graduatiori and are now members of the .Nuval or Marine CoVps Reserve, report to t^e Adjutant’s office, Purdue* Armory, for impbrtatit information relative to your status. . . - —RiOtoAN SfiidbVt '^etihfe : Meeting Wednesday, June 10, at 7 ;30 in the Senate office. -^NKFF. Military Juniors: Report.to Supply Room oh Thursday, June 1.1 or Friday, June 12 to be measured fon Cadet oWcer’s uniform* A representative of the unifoi’m company will be in the supply room on June 11 arid June 12 6niV* —LT. BROWN AlME: There will W a talh on AUiriiinumMnnganefie Rrbnzes Thursday. June T8. 8 p.m. Room 203—Union. —SCHALLIOL All Men Interested fti Athletics: There tylll be a registration arid organization meeting of all Sigma iXelta Psi members, including those interested in becoming members, in room 167 of the FieJdhoUse anytime between 7 and 9 p. m. Thursday, June 11. Fraternity men come after yoyr softball •igarifies. —ARNOLD.
Student Art Guild: Chalk tolk Wednesday, Jiihe 10, at 8:30 p. m. in the West Reception room of the Union. Public invited. ■
. —FELDER.
Wesley Foundation: Skating party Friday, June 12. Meet at Foundation at 8 p. m. Price 26 cents. ■ .
—DAYHUFF. ’
iReligious Council:.Regular meeting of the Religious Cbuhcil will be held Wednesday, June 10, at 7 :30 p. m. in the Council office in the Union building. .
—KTL6ORE.
Atl Sophoirio^e Union Workers: Sboi;^ meeting in Union office Thursday, June 11, at ^ :I6 p. m. Everyone please be there.
—SIEGLER.
ThoihaB ^'ay RntoMology C/Iub: Meeting Thursday, June 9, at ,7 :30 p. m. in room 103 of Ag Hall. Di*. H. E. Milliron will speak on “^ropean Corn BoVer Experiments.”
—SKINNER.
Camera Club: There will be a meeting Thursday, JiiUe 11, with reorganization for this semester. All old members and those interested may attend. Room 304 of the Union at 7:80 p.m. —PURMAN
. gfrirveying (C.E. 6): Make-up exam wiji be given in room 101 of the C, E. buildink Saturday afternoon, •June IJ. Penriits muat be obtained before FrfdaV ’ riodiy^Uji^e 12; Activities Bureau: IntervieWit^ ftchodl begins Wednesday, June 10, at 4 t
WELLS.
Stnderit War C^rmH ; 7:8,0 p. m. in the Student Union office Wedrieadfiy, June 10. EvcryoliO pleAse Ee, ^piSSeiit. —DEUSTER." Gilder Club: Very important mcetinB' on ThursdiiV, June 11, &t 7:80 p. tti, iw the Union. Bring flight fees and'dues. . k , —SCHftKEL. r ■ rtA EhoFuB: Mee’tlh'g, TOeM^, iiinb TL :30 p. m. in room 807 of the.JJriion.-,. —HENDMCKS. ; Etfn-Htellenic Itepreieiitirtivgs: An impor. tant Pan-Hellenic meeting ThaiBday. June 11, at 4 p. m. in room 808 of the UniOii. Plettse be there; ■ •, —BALEAHD.
Classiiied
Typ’e'wVltel’a—Addhig Matihlnea, Wl vviakM Bold, rented, repaired, affd ptfrchjisadf MlmJ#ograph work done. C. J. EberehoS, 605 Maitt* tiafayette. Phone 2779* ^ ;
Notices
Freshman Camp Counselors: Anyone interested in acting as a counselor at the August freshrnan camp should call or get in touch with Dr. Graves (31642), Schalliol (56052), or Singer (8412). —SINGER Newman Club: All members of Newman Club interested in a mixed doubles tennis tournament should call 2413 and notify Charlie Clark. —LANUTI Gold Peppers: Picnic with Reamers is postponed to Sunday, Juno 21. —SIMONS Archery: AreheVy for all men students will be held every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday from 4 to 6 :30 p.jn. at the archery range adjacent to the Women's tennis courts. Equipment and instruction will be available without charge at the range. —FREYMAN Pi Tau Sigma: April initiates. Membership certificates now available at main office of the ME building. —KINNEY. Condition Examinations in English: .Examinations for the removal of conditions in English will bo held on Saturday afternoon, Juno 13, from ,1 to 4' in room 201, University Hall. Removal of Condition cards may he obtained at the English Office in University Hall. —CREEK
GREETING CARbS FOR ALL OCCASIONS Ufiiversity iiook Store Across From Unioir* “ '’Red” Sammons ’29 ' “fioc” Epple *40
The new "Cabeleer” ..5.0Q
Government Approves Last Summer’s Dresses
Look over last snmiAer’s dresses, coats and accessories with' new intei’cst and. confidence. For Once they are not dated—^styles are frozen. And the craftsmanship of Sunitojne Cleaning will restore ^11 their original freshness of color and crisp texture.
Jantzens sfa zea-warthjf and sae^wartbri
If you have worn Jontzeni Vrunics, there isn't muciN that we con tell you about their correct 'st’ylliho, perfect Comfort ohJ 'trim bthietic‘fit. If you haven'll !WOrh thibnii, there ‘is a tevelotion in store for you.' you'll gain a new coniception of the way trunks Con fit and feel and took.
iSr
Schedule of
from Difexh'&it^er-Carlb'h Sfitdibs, Indianapolis, will ba t^feing Oebris pictures fn Roolh ,60 in the sub-basement of the Union Building, starting at 8:30 A. M., Monday, juhe 8. lEvery senior who has signed up with the Oebris has a definite time and will be expected to appear at that time, fach sbnlor will receive a e^Vd through the mail telling the exact time of the sitting. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular Debris pictures dnd is payable at the time the picture is taken.
Wednesday, |une 10 Time Name 8:30 Dauld, Mary Ellen . 8:3-5 Doup, C. N. 8:40 Gesell, S. G. 8:45 Smith, E. R. 8:50 Novey, T. 8:55 Van Gorkon, Jane 9:00 Fredrichson, C. J. 9:05 Ball, K. C. 9:10 Hastings, j. R. 9:15 Wolf, F. E. 9:20 Weichal, R. R. 9:25 Wilber, D. E. 9:30 Thompson, Juanita 9:35 Murrill, R. T. 9:40 Malcolm, R. L. 9:45 Jones, F. I. 9:50 Katz, S. 9:55 Harris, B. - 10:06 Brown, Betty C. 10:05 Deuster, R. W. 10:10 McCaughey, W- F. 10:15 Hershberger, R. R. 10:20 Harden, R. H. 10:25 Kemper, Dorothy M. 10:30 McCaslip, D! A. 10:35 Meyers, M. L. 10:40 Kleis, G. E. 10:45 Moffet, D. V. 10:50 Lewis, Betty 10:55 Graham, T. 11 ;00 Haynes, Jeannette 1 1 :05 Hernandez, E. 11:10 Creditor, M. C. 11:15 Kuhlman, W. H. 1 1 ;20 Ladcion, M. B. 11:2? Gerke, R. P. 1 1 :30 Moore, C. L. 1 1 :35 Gjefrtre, K. K. I 1 ;40 Hendricks, H. E. II :45 Helton, Mrs. R. H. I 1 :5p Gosse't, R. K. II :55 Koerner, W. G.
Thursday, June i 1 Time Name 8:30 Brownstein, A. L. 8:35 Leifheit, W. 8;40 Mitchell, D. R. 8:45 Hunt, J. G. 8:50 Jenkins, R. L. 8 ;55 Hipp, C. G. , 9;O0 'Allen, J.W. ' 9:05 Lisaius, J. 9:10 Murphy, J. G. 9:15 Lupke, W. H. 9:20 Lodge, A. D. 9:25 Musselman, W- E9;30 Meyer, W. J. 9:35 Walker, D. F. 9:40 Williams, C. M. 9:45 Young, R. A. 9:50 Bonham, L. L. 9:55 O'Connell, J. E. 10:00 Wetzel, J. A. 1 0:05 Whinery, D. G. 10:10 Weslow, W. J. 10:15 Kremmel, W. E. 10:20 Gast, R. K. 1 0:25 Marks, M. 1 0:30 Myers, M, C. 10:35 Kietfer, T. P. 10:40 Green, M. A. 10:45 Humphrey,,E. 10:50 McCay, G. R. 1 0:55 Keene, C. E. 1 I ;00 Miller, G. J. 1 1.05 Anders, C. W. I 1:10 Connelly, E. C. M : 1 5 Cook, H. E. II :20 Atkinson, J. R. 11 ;25 Bell, B, 1 1 :30 Grove, D. R. 1 1 :35 Madden, J. A. 1 1 :40 Morgan, R. C. 1 1 :45 Goode, K. E. I 1 ;50 Hubbard, A. L. 1 1 ;55 Lehnen, L. W.
1 :00 1 :05 1 ;10 1:15 1 :20 1 ;25 1 ':30 1 :35 1 :40 1 :45 1 :50 1 ;55 2:00 2:05 2:10 2;T5 2:20 2:25 2:30 2:35 2:40 2:45 2:50 2:55 3:00 3:05 3:10 3:15 3-.10 : 3 ;25 3:30 3:35 3:40 3:45 3:50 3:,5 5 4:00 4:05 4: j 0 4:15 4:20 4:25 4:30
Bradfield, K. W. Clifton, Barbara Bruch, J. Baker, K. L. Matuszewski, L. A. Fisher, K. W. Flapkb'est, A. C. Eddy, W. M. Bernhardt, G. K. Fink, E. J. Corya, S. G. Brown, Marjorie Crowl, Bj W. Cheung, L. T. Fortier, M. J. Lewiecki, E. M. Johnson, E. W. Katz, A. Coombs, J. M. Christiansen, E. R. Mulvey, R. K. Keilman, R. E. McCouch, Jane Glich, Martha Anne Hatfield, N. McLo'ughlin, ,P. P. Lanius, J. C. High, R, S. Klehfoth, W. G. Humma, H. H. Johnstone, E. L. Mills, Mary E, Head, R. E. Geyer, Blaine J. Haskins, D. E. McCarty, J.Kessler, Roberta Bohike, E, A. Farnsworth, F. A. Hinderer, R. F. 'Meier, D. W. Mogavero; J. C, Koch, H. V.
1 :00 1:05 1 ;10 1 :15 1 :20 ' 1 ;25 1 :30 1 :35 1 :40 1 :45 1 :50 1 ;55 2':00 2:05 2:10 2:15 2:20 2:25 2:30 .2:35 2:40 2:45 2:50 2:55 3:00 3:05 3:10 3:15 3:20 3:25 3:30 3:35 3:40 3:45 3:50 3:55 4:00 4:05 4:10 4:15 4:20 4:25 4:30
Krueck, J. W. Hutchins, W. F. Huneke, L. H. Leiglhton, R, A. Hubler, F. R. Kohls, R. L. . Arvidson, Dorothy R. Coleman, C. R. Buehler, J. H. Ball, R. T. Custer, Ann Doversberger, K. W. Long, R. B. McCrary, Carolyn Hatlasch, H. P. McKee, R. M. Goodman, D. J, Douglas, E. L. Hodges, Jane Silhman, R. J. Hudson, H. E. Michel, D. J. Merrill, H. M. MacDonald, Sally Ann MacKay, J. R. MacDonald, L. A. Cenci, A. A. Clark, L. R. Fraser, J. D. , Meiners, P. J. Horr, Jeannette Hedges, Martha Jones, A. E. Lloyd, F. W. Hayes, M. L. Miyamasu, E. T. , Myers, R. E. Lockwood, H. Greenhaigh, K. Ingram, J. M. Lewis, C. W. Jones, W. P. Harazin, R.
Tinfe 8:30 8:35 8:40 8:45 8:50 8:55 9:00 9:05 9:10 9:15 9:20 9:25 9:30 9:35 9:40 9:45 9:50 9:55 10:00 10:05 10:10 10:15 10:20 10:25 10:30 10:35 '10:40 10:45 10:50 10:55 1 1 :00 I 1 :05 11:10 11:15 1 1 :20 II :25 l,-.l.-j30 j 1 :35 1 1 ;40 1 1 :45 I 1 :50 II ;55 1 :00 1 ;05 1 ;10 1 :15 1 :20 1 ;25 1 :30 1 :35 1 :40 1 ;45 1:50 1 :55 2:00 2:05 2:10 2:15 2:20 2:25 2:30 2:35 2:40 2:45 2:50 2:55 3:00 3:05 3:10 3:15 3:20 3:25 3:30 ■ 3:35 3:40 3 ;45 3:50 3:55 4:00 4:05 4:10
4
4:20 4:25 4:30
Triday, jUhe 1Z
Name
Loudenback, J. H. Hess, L. J. Gratunik, E. A. Hendri'ksen, D. 0. Keeler, J. S. Ginder, N. L. Mansfield, W. H. Johnson, B. A. Morgan, L. Toering, R. L. Widmer, Marion Nalepa, E. J. Sexsoh, J. C. Shively, J. T. Stults, M. E. Wiggins. J. W. Weigel, R. M. Williams, G. D. King, F. Mizisin,'J. Ing'lis, R. D. Hopley, R. Johnson, J. R. Kleinknecht, K. S. Homfeld, M. Mira, D. E. Best, C. D. Rumble, C. B.
Siu, G.
Ramsey, Anna Hammer, W. A. Jordan, Mildred Lowz, T. F. Topping, Harfel Weatherston, R. C. Spetrier, N. . Santos, J. K. Schuber, Evelyn Von Hartz, H. M. Wdowka, L. J. Zeller, D. Lewright, W. K. Croll, P. D. Eby, W. D. Jackson, R. F. Gerard, J. J. Lander, J. R. Iddings, H. G. McCartney, Betty Kolb, R. S. Miller, W. C. Badger, E. R. Friedman, C. Creel, Calistg Cook, F. W. Edwards, H. S. Baick, D. R. Hoshaw, R. W. Kinney, R. E. Jones, C. K. Gatewood, J. Lee, F. M. McDonald, F. J. Ho’pf, F. R. KesSel, A. Buccicane, B. S. Mangum, R. E. Kemper, R. A. Hendrickson, D. J. Leber, C. Liang, T. L. Larrimer, C. A. Miller, Ruth Lee, R. E. Grabfelder, Suzanne Mundy, Florence Miller, Betty Lamb, H, G. McAllister, L. Marozick, N. E. Isbell, Ei Gardner, W. W. Flyman, R. .. Kjellberg, C. G. Solorrion, I.