^ €
Purdue
Z.1M
•-^V' > ,
Volume 51. No. 167
CO-ED EDITION
Wednesday. May 1. 1940
Schools Will Show Wares
At Gala Week Open House 0“® 3
By Eleanor Sanders
Starting Friday afternoon and continuing through the evening all departments and schools of the university will hold open house for the benefit of Gala Week visitors. Special exhibits have been arranged by the various departments to better illustrate their part in the curricular scene.
As an example of the exhibits planned, the school of home economics has planned a demonstration of the use of large and small scale equipment and a display of salad garnishes, open face sandwiches, cake decorations, and other innovations in the culinary world. Proper table service and decorations will be exhibited for all types of affairs. In the various engineering schools exhibits have or will be set up illustrating the wonders of that particular science and the wora that is being done in the particular school. Water that drips up, things that spin for no good reason, terrifying high frequency displays and other wonders of electrical world will be shown in the exhibit at the Electrical engineering building. Demonstrations of glass blowing and general chemistry demonstrations along with liquid air experiments will be shown in the chemistry building. At half hour intervals lectures will be given. All branches of chemistry— physical; organic, and analytical— will have their place in the exhibit. More prosaic exhibits, perhaps, will be on view at the main buildings of the other departments and will be on view at the main buildings of the other departments and schools. The civil school will illustrate testing of the strength of materials and other related subjects covered by their department while the mechanical engineers will not be outdone. They will have their machinery running full blast to awe
the spectators.
Officials of all departments assure us that they will have the best exhibits, but time alone will tell.
Highlights And Shadows ... a two-reel sound film, will be shown at the Union Camera Club meeting tonight at 7:30 in room 202 of Heavilon Hall. The film will deal with the manufacture of various types of photographic equipment. Everyone is invited to the meeting, which, according to Bob Hoffer, vicepresident in charge, should be of interest to all camera fans.
Five Contestants Compete In Final Round Of Speeches Final eliminations for the Speech 14 contest were held last night at 7:16 in Eliza Fowler Hall. The winner will be decided by the ranking given each speaker on the ballots which students turned in at the con-
vocation.
There were five contentants in the final round of speeches. The contestants were J. 0. Bray, who spoke on “Farm Eecords”; N. M. Udes, whose subject was “The Problems of the South”; ’ W. F. Gates, whose topic was “The Installation of a Baker Truck”; R. W. Hardin, who spoke on “More Money for the Farmers”; and D. F^ LeMaster, whose subject was “100% Profit.” CM Will Issue 18 Licenses Thursday Captain Moulton and Lieutenant F. S. Shine of the Civil Aeronautics Authority will issue licenses Thursday and Friday to about 18 student aviators who have passed their ground school examinations and flight tests. These students have been in training since last November and in some cases should have received their licenses before. Through the efforts 'of Captain Gillmartin, chief instructor of this district, licensing of pilots will be greatly expedited in the future. Donald A. Baldwin, flight instructor, has been appointed deputy CAA inspector with full authority to give flight examinations. On his recommendation to the CAA in Chicago, pilots will be mailed their licenses. If this licensing system proves successful it will be adopted through-
out the United States.
Has Anbody Seen 'Tiny Tim"? If So Return Him To Frankfort
By Hank Miller Tiny Tim! Oh, Tiny Tim! Has anyone seen Tiny Tim? He is not very big but he is as lovable as he is small. Tim is a crippled newsboy that is the pride and joy of the Frankfort Rotary Club and came to West Lafayette to take part in this convention. When last seen, Tim was in the reception room of the Union, the room where all of the Rotarians register, and that was at about 10:30 Monday night. At 11:30 when they went to find Tim, he was gone. When he disappeared, he had on old clothes, a slouched cap, and he had his crutch and his newspal)ers. Everybody, Frankfort Rotarians, and all the rest of these attending this conference, has lost his heart to Tim and when the news came out that he had disappeared, a definite gloom descended on the conferees. A frantic search was started in an effort to locate Tim. High and low, near and far, they searched, but as yet, no trace of him has been found. Tim has been going to the meetings of the Frankfort Rotarians for the past five years, in fact, he hasn't missed a meeting in that time, and has been collecting the nickels and dimes and quarters of the members as they come to lunch. Why, in the past five years, Tim has collected over a thousand dollars which the club members have used to reliere the suffering of boys and girls like himself.
Now you can see why the Rotarians love this little fellow and are almost frantic with' worry as to what could have happened to him. Do you know what happened to him? If you do, won’t you tell the Rotarians ? They want him back so that they can take care of him and he can continue his good work of collecting nickels, dimes, and quarters for other children like himself. But wait, we haven’t told you quite all abqut Tiny Tim. He is exactly eight and one half inches high and stands on a three inch base. He is a carved black walnut bank which holds these coins of the Rotarians. On the base is an engraved brass plate with the wording “Seventh and Local Object, Frankfort Rotary Club, Underprivileged Children.” He isn’t very valuable in a monetary sense of the word, but the Frankfort Rotarians have attached an immense sentimental value to him. He can be duplicated very inexpensively but it wouldn’t be the same Tiny Tim, the same little crippled newsboy that hasn’t missed a meeting in five years and has collected over a thousand dollars to help underprivileged children. If you know where Tiny Tim is, treat him kindly, won’t you, and please bring him to the Exponent office or to the Union desk so that he may be given back to his guardians. They will welcome him home with open arms.
Petitions for students desiring positions on the Student Senate are still available at the Senate office. The signed petitions must be turned in to the office by Friday, May 3. From the present freshman workers one student from the home economics school has petitioned, two from the science school, one from the ag school, one from the pharmacy and PE school and six from engineering. Four will be elected from the engineering group and one from each of the other schools. Of the present sophomores one will be elected from each school. One petition has been taken out from the home ec school, two from the science school, one from the agricultural school, none from the pharmacy and PE school, two from the mechanical engineering, one from chem and met engineering, two from electrical engineering and two from the civil, public service, and
industrial engineering. Sportswomen
. . . announce the election of the following officers: Jane Fishleigh, president; Betty Smith, vice-presi-dent; Ruth Swift, secretary and
Jane Stickler, treasurer.
Whitemaii Will Play Glen GrayWill Play For
Cary Hall Dance May 24
At Senior Hop After Founders Banquet Paul Whiteman will give out with his jazz and swing music at the annual Senior Hop Saturday night in both ballrooms of the Union froBm 9 to 12. Whiteman will lead his 37 piece orchestra, featuring Joan Edwards, vocalist, the Four Modernaires and George Whitting, drummer. Thursday morning 1,000 tickets will go on sale at the Union west desk, priced at $1 each. A few additional tickets will be aavilable at the door Saturday. ^
Attention, Seniors
The hop will be preceded by the annual Founders Day Banquet from 5:30 to 7:30 in both ballrooms of the Union. This banquet which has always been for alumni will be open to a few seniors who obtain the first 100 tickets offered. These tickets, sold to stimulate student interest in alumni affairs will go on sale today at 4:15 outside the Sweet Shop. Seniors who purchase these few choice tickets must sit at designated tables at the banquet and will be entitled to attend the Senior Hop
without charge.
The additional 1,100 tickets for the banquet will be sold from the Alumni office and will admit purchasers to the banquet only.
sessions
with a breakfast for the president and secretaries of the two districts represented at the convention. William R. Barr of Bluffton spoke to the officer on “My Job is my Club.” This was followed by voting for district governors. Following the breakfast the conference session featured singing by A1 Stewart and his assistant song leaders. William Toner, discussed “The Rotarian” and Colonel Bartram Rodda, Commander of the Salvation Army in Indiana, spoke on “Vocational Standards.” George Muer of Decatur spoke on “Occupational Guidance.” The conference was closed at the noon luncheon presided over by Governor Showalter. Boyd Lewis, Associated Press representative closed the conference with a discussion on gathering war news. Playshop Banquet Planned For May 16 Invitations and tickets will be available until Friday for the annual Stage Stump Studio Banquet to be held at Lincoln Lodge on Thursday evening, May 16. The banquet, which is an invitational affair, is open to all Playshop workers, members of WBAA staff, debaters, and members of speech organizations. Tickets, priced at 65 cents may be purchased when invitations are called for at the Playshop office, WBAA studio, or the debate office in University Hall. The annual razz session will be a feature of the banquet, as also will be the awards for outstanding performances in dramatics, radio activities, and speech
work.
F. D. Martin . . . was elected chairman of the Purdue Section of the American Chemical Society for the year 194041 at the business meeting of that group which was held on Friday, April 26. Other officers which were chosen at that time were F. P. Zscheile, vice-chairman; F. J. Allen, secretary-treasurer; and M. G. Mellon, councilor.
Cary Club Maestro
Six Senior Men Take Part In Youth Forum At Closing Session Of Rotary Conference Six senior and graduate students took part in a Youth Forum yesterday morning at 11 o’clock at one of the closing sessions of the twenty-sixth annual Rotary conference. The discussion was under the direction of Professor Louis M. Sears and students taking part were Herbert Fishburn, Bob Insley, Don Paarlberg, Larry Lyles, J. Polak and T. Chin.
The sessions opened yesterday
SigEps, Kappas Take fop Honors In Stunt Show Preliminaries Kappa Kappa Gamma and Sigma Phi Epsilon took top honors in the preliminaries of the first all-campus stunt show, sponsored by the University Club, in Fowler Hall Monday night. Second in the preliihinary playoff were Kappa Alpha Theta and Delta Upsilon. Each of these organizations will receive a trophy for their place and the right to compete for the sweepstakes prize following Gala Week. The final show, which is open to students and faculty, will be held in the new Hall of Music beginning at 8 p.m. next Monday night. It will consist of seven vaudeville acts, 15 minutes in length, including the four named above plus groups from the men’s and women’s residence halls and an overture by a 60 piece concert orchestra. Prizes for the stunt contest are now on exhibit at Southworth’s in the village. Schmitt Wins First Model Plane Contest Roland Schmitt won the first outdoor model airplane contest held by the Purdue Aeromodelers last Sunday. Dick Obarski took second place. This meet was a warm-up for the second annual all-events meet which the Aeromodelers are holding on May 19. The contest on May 19 will be open to all students in the University. Prizes amounting to a hundred dollars in merchandise will be given to the winners. Included in the list of prizes are several motors, a stop-watch, and a lai’ge assortment of model materials. Entry blanks may be obtained on the West side at Deac’s and Southworth’s and on the East side at Decker’s and the Lafayette Sporting Goods store. All events will be governed by the 1940 National Aeronautic Association rules.
Glen Gray and his famous “Casa Loma” orchestra will p|ay for the annual Cary Hall formal in the Union ballrooms Friday, May 24, from 9 to 12. The dance will be closed, with only Cary Hall residents and their guests attending. Familiar to all Glen Gray fans
are the singers Pee-Wee Hunt and Kenny Sargent who do the vocalizing for the sixteen-piece band. Trumpeter Sonny Dunham will entertain the dancers with several of his distinctive trumpet solos. The orchestra is recognized by some authorities as one of the greatest of swing bands. They have recently finished an extended engagement at Frank Dailey’s Meadow Brook Club in New Jersey. The band will feature the distinctive “Casa-Loma” rh3ff;hms and their individual style of arrangements of
music for dancing.
'Get Off High Horse' F. B. Knight Advises Dr. F. B. Knight, director of education and applied psychology, spoke on “Hints on Counseling” before the weekly meeting of the student counselors in Stanley Coulter Hall yesterday afternoon. Dr. Knight advised, “First of all you must come down off your high horse if you’re going to do your freshman any good.” He then gave a few cues to the counselors to use in analysing the personality of the freshman. He suggested: try to find out “what he is mostly,” if his efforts are properly directed, how he faces disagreeable facts, what is bothering him and what he is doing about it. “Don’t talk too much, listen and try to understand his problems. Give up at once trying to help the fresh'^man, all you can do is help him help himself,” Dr. Knight concluded. WSGA is cooperating with the personnel office in arranging for
these meetings.
. . . Glen Gray, leader of the Casa Lomas.
G. S.WykoffCo^ditsNew "Freshman Prose Annual" Professor George S. Wykoff, of the English department, is co-editor of “Freshman Prose Annual,” a book of freshman readings, which has recently been published by the Houghton Mifflin Company of Boston. The other editors are Professor Robert M. Gay of Simmons College, Boston, and Professor Mody Boatright, of the University of Tex-
as.
This book is different from the usual book of prose selections in that it is printed on magazine-size pages with numerous illustrations. The subject matter is limited to five major divisions. Professor Wykoff being responsible for the sections on college and college life, and on science.
English Originate Ye Old Custom Of Flower Baskets On May Day
By Tad- Stiers The idea of celebrating the “flowers that bloom in the spring, train” first started long, long ago. Even Stevenson recognized this when he declared May-day was a holiday “set apart by Nature herself as a time to rejoice.” The first of May has always been a gala day; its celebration goes back to the old Roman Flower Festival or Floralia, which made a five day stand from the last of April through the first of May, and probably in its turn came from India and Egypt. Cornish Too Nor was the idea limited to the Romans: the Cornish decked their doors and porches on the first of May with green boughs of sycamore and hawthorne—then to help the idea along they planted trees before their houses; the Celts had their Beltein or Baal’s Fire, in which they worshiped the sun; the Norse 'also celebrated at that time to welcome the returning splendor of the sun; while the old Russians celebrated with their Khorovod, a choral dance. In England during the Middle Ages everyone would get up very early in the morning to get fresh flowers and hawthorn branches from the nearby forests—about sunrise they would come merrily home with blasts of music. Then they would decorate their houses with the spoils. From this custom the hawthorne ceremony “bringing home the May” bloom became called the “May,” the and the expedition to the woods “going a-Maying.” Then later, the fairest maid in the village would rule the revels, while her happy folk danced and sang about her.
Probably the most cohspicuous feature of the proceedings was the erections in every town and village of a fixed pole—^the May-pole. While in the woods, the young me^ would select the tallest, straightest tree and bring it back to the village. Then, stripped of its boughs, it was planted in the public green, decorated ■with garlands and ribbons, and painted with gay stripes—^the center of the day’s games and dances. Once planted, the pole blight stay for several years. The Puritans, pursuing their campaign of taking the joy out of life, gave a severe blow to these merry proceedings, and caused the Maypole to be uprooted—^thus putting a stop to the May-day festivities. These dastardly doings were thwarted by the Restoration, which promptly revived May-days and all they stood for. Secrecy But alas, what we have nowadays is but a revival of the old spirit and mostly confined to children’s dances. The pleasant custom of hanging May baskets on the eve of the first of May has prevailed here for quite awjbile. Of course it is a point of honor for the donor to slip away without being discovered. It does seem that the fine old spirit of worship and abandon has departed, being replaced by a newer more calculating one, well exemplified by Chicago’s system of planning spring vacations. That busy, bustling metropolis centers their plans for their kiddles’ spring school vacatioirs to include the first of May. Because so many people move at that time the offshoots wouldn’t be in school anyway!PnRD0E EtroUBifT
Wfedtaftsday, May L 1940
Tis May Day, and love as well as the flowers are in bloom. According to custom, you should have received a May basket from your love life eai’ly this morning. Queer how customs seem to fail in these here parts! —-B & B— Anyhow we spent May Day Eve collecting items. And found out more things. Especially interesting was the description we heard of the spill Barbara Fellows took on the Union picnic last week end. It seems th^t Barbara was forced to wrap herself up in a reversable coat while her slacks were rendered free of mud and river water collected when she slipped and fell. Watch your step, young lady. —B&B— We found the Eve of wonderment on the part of many campus students. A number of questions were flying around. One question was: Is RED CARTER married? TEX KRAMER should find out before she takes Red to the WRH dance, seeing how she is throwing over VERPIiANK to take Red dancing. —B & B— Another pertinent question concerns the state of Bill Heath’s affections? It is wondered whether BiU is “that way” about Pi Phi Peggy Howard, or does his heart belong to Kappa Martha Jane Pox? —B & B— And while we’re still on the freshman class, maybe someone will explain just what Ann Morton was playing under the piano at the Alpha Chi Rho house ? —B&B— And how about Freddy Montague’s frequent changes of h^rt? There is the tale of how he has a date with Mary Ruther, leaves her to go for a long walk with Reva Richmond, then comes back to his original date and gives her a ring \to wear. Some stuff, Freddie! —B & B— Another important question is just when the Chi Os are going to stop taking fraternity pins? They seem to be the only girls grabbing the hardware these days. Marianna Wilson now is wearing the Lambda Chi pin of Don Powers, and Laura Betty Gregory took Pi Kappa Phi Clayton Newhagen’s pin. More serenades; and candy, too. —B&B— It is also wondered when Benny Burns will stop acting the love-sick romeo? And does Ban Adkin’s pin mean the real thing? See, the questions just keep coming. We haven’t found the answers yet. —B & B— But we do know some daflinitions. Such as: Bustle—-deceitfiil seatful Panther—Johnny lost a button; now his panther coming down. Chagrin—^why don’t chagrin once in a while ? Chemise—I wonder; does chemise me when I’m gone ? Symptoms—I do; and sjrmptoms I don’t. —B & B— Yep. Puns are pretty bad. Try this one out on your favorite speech specialist. “A tree toad loved a she toad That lived up in a tree She was a three-toed tre^^ toad But a two-toed tree toad was he. The he toad tried to win The she toad’s friendly nod. The he toad w'orshipped. the ground Upon which the she toad trod. But vainly the he toad tried He couldn’t please her whim , For in her tree bower, with her ^ V-toe power The she toad vetoed him.
Olive B. Layer Will Give Ardiery Demonstration Mrs. Olive Besco Layer, nationally known I’epresentative of the American Archery Company of Clarendon Hills, Illinois, will give exhibitions and instruction to students and the general public on the women’s archery range at 4 p.m. today and at the men’s archery I'a nge at 4 p.m. tomorrow. In addition to her afternoon demonstrations, Ml’s. Layer will appear before all of the women’s archery classes today and tomorrow.
Management Heads Conclude Institute At Banquet Tonight Final highlight of the Management Institute will be. the ahnual dinner tonight in the Unioii ballroom with Harold H. Swift, vicechairman of Swift and Company, speaking on “Industrial Relations.” Yesterday’s program was marked by the presentation of the viewpoints of both C. I. O. and the A. F. of L. on “What’s New in Labor’s Bargaining Program,” by Orval J. Kincaid of Indianapolis, discussing the situation from the C. I. 0. side and the A. F. of L. viewpoint presented by L. P. Lindelof of Lafayette, general president of the Brotherhood of Painters, Decorators, and Paper Hangers of America. Labor Leader Speaks Following the discussion by the labor leaders, George Rose, of Indianapolis, specialist in labor law, outlined new developments in the Labor Board’s decisions on employment and discharge. Other featured speakers on the program included Fred C. Kroeger, General Motors Corporation, Walter S. Gundeck, president of the Indiana Personnel Association, Eugene J. Benge, George Coburn, John S. Wiley, Gordon W. Matthews, Louis Putze, Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, and Dr. Louise Stanley. The Personnel and Industrial Relations Program is a part of Management Week and is open to all persons engaged in or interested in personnel work and industrial relations in business, industry, or education. The Management Coitference, a follow-up of the Management Institute, will be held tomorrow and Friday with Wallace Clark, internationally known consulting engineer in management, as the principal speaker. Other authorities for the conference will be annoimced later. Symphonic Campiign To Go On Until June 5 Friday of this week will mark the half-way point for the Lafayette Music Appreciation Campaign. The sale of the world’s finest symphonic music began on M^arch 20 and will continue until June 5, one week after the final release is put on sale. Symphonies which have been released for far and which will be on sale throughout the campaign are: Schubert’s “Unfinished Symphony,” Beethoven’s “Symphony No. 5 in C Minor,” Mozart’s “Symphony No. 40 in G Minor,” Wagner’s “Prelude to ‘Die Meistersinger’ ” and “Prelude to Parsifal,” Bach’s “Brandenburg Concertos Nos. 2 and 3,” and Debussy’s “Afternoon of a Faun,” “Clouds,” and “Festivals.” IM Schedules BASEBALL
TODAY Diamond
1 Theta Chi vs Theta Tau
2 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Beta Theta Pi
3 Delta Upsilon vs Sigma Pi
4 Triangle vs Alpha Kappa Lambda 5 Kappa Sigrna vs Beta Sigma Psi 6 Theta Xi vs Lambda Chi Alpha 7 Tau Epsilon Phi vs Pri Gamma Delta Phi Kappa Psi vs Phi Sigma Kappa Alpha Chi !gho vs Phi Kappa Phi
Ward 13 vs Ward 5
CollegiansWant FDK Again; Dewey Leads Republicans
8
10
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS TODAY . J. Siener vs E. D. Walsh . L. Schalliol vs T. W. Gardner . P. Yeagley vs G. L. May C. Wood vs F. C. Shafer M. Waddington vs J. H. Shaw Kalstrom vs A. C. Goerss Close vs E. E. Lange Hartley vs C. N. Gaiser E. Martin vs E. W. Mees Kntz vs R. C. Jones C. Stroup vs J. S. Sells K. Weaver vs R. Brunnemar . L. Neal vs B, T. Fleming Kersey vs S. Blustein G. Hansen vs W. K. Mclnerney . Van Camp vs D. L. Blue . Brandt vs J. P. Henson W. Pettit vs M. D. Ross F. Poll vs K. C. Metzger
Notices
Gala Day Guard: All members report promptly to 4th St. entrance to Intramural Field at designated times. 5-3 —BOYLE
Military: Corps Day formation for May 2d is cancelled. The entire Corps of four regiments (less motor ba^lion) will assemble in the Armory at 3:40 p. m. May 3rd. The 2d Battalion, 4th R.F.A. (less Battery S) is designated as ' the motor battalion, and will assemble at 3:40 p. m. in the space north of the Armory. The Corps will march to intramural Field and form for a Gala Day Review at 4 :00 p. m. In case of inclement weather, the 1st and 2d Regiments only will form at 3 :40 p. m. in the Fieldhouse. —PICKERING.
Freshmen Engineers: Meetings with heads of schools and curricula announced for Saturday, May 4, will be postponed until Saturday, May IK There will be no Engineering Lecture Meetings on May 4 or May 11. —KNAPP.
Bt .Tfoe Beldeli Editftr Austin, Tex., April ' 29—Five months before the national elections, the Ainerican college Voter is found leaning toward the Democratic party, it is shown in a national poll completed Monday by tlie Student Opinion Surveys of America. Franklin D. Roosevelt and Thomas E. Dewey are the leading college choices for the U. S. presidency in November, the Surveys finds in this study conducted with the cooperation of the Exponent and scores of other undergraduate papers. The President and his party, however, have succeeded in gaining the favor of the greatest group of collegians. At Westminster College in Missouri May 1, 2, and 3 student delegates from all corners of the country will gather for political conventions that will give a glimpse of what ' the undergraduate world thinks of candidates and parties. Herewith is presented a preview of the news that may come out of those conventions, in the form of statistics that represent the entire U. S. student enrollment: ■ “Which party would you favor in the national elections next November?” interviewers asked last week. Democratic, said , 47 per cent Republican, said 39 per cent Other parties, 7 per cent; don’t know, 7 per cent. When the ballots from "Qualified student voters only were tabulated, an even greater number, 51 per cent, favored the Democrats, 34 going to the Repubicans. “Whom would you like to see nominated for president in that party (named in preceding question)?”
Sophomore Union Workers: Compulsory meeting of all sophomore workers in Room 363 of Union at 4 :15 p. m. Wednesday, May 1. Everyone must be present. —BENNETT and BRODD.
New and Old YWCA Cabinet: Meet at east door of Union today at 5:40 p. m. —BRYANT.
Playshop: Hours are posted on bulletin board in Fowler Hall. Please check immediately. You may order your key any time before May 6. —BEISEL. MT 8 (Tactics) : The following War Department Training Films will be shown in room 104 of the Armory starting at 4:10 p. m. Thursday, May 2d: TF 102 Truck Drawn Units, Vehicles and Accessories; TF 106 Truck Drawn Units Stream, Crossings ; TF 106 Truck Drawn Units, Disabled Vehicles, Movement of. Attendance of seniors is optional, others interested are invited to attend. —THOMPSON.
ASME Members: Who have not received membership cards or pins please call for them Tuesday, Thursday, or Saturday at Prof. Cope’s office in ME 112 between 10 and 11 a. m. (5-4) —KING,
PIA Dance Class: Meeting Wednesday, May 1, 7 :15 p. m. in North Ballroom. All co-eds are invited.
P.E.W. Archery Class: Friday 10:00 a. m. archery class will be dismissed. Instead you are to attend archery exhibition either Wednesday at 4 :00 p. m. on women’s .outdoor range or Thursday at 4:00 p. m. on men’s outdoor range or any P.E.W. archery class meeting on Wednesday or Thursday. ■—CASE.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting in Room 302, May 1, at 7 :30 p. m. All members and pledges be present. Movies will be shown. —YATES.
Modern Dance Club: Rehearsals Wednesday and Thursday at 7:00 p. m. in the women’s gym. —KNIGHT.
VICTOR POPULAR RELEASE
On Sale This Week
26575 Ten Mile Ho|>—F. T. The Lady Said "Yes"
(V. R.)
F. T.
Larry Clinton and his Orchestra.. 26576 Where Do I Go From You? —F. T. (V. R. I Can't Love You Any More (Any More Than I Do) — F. T. (V. R.) Hal Kemp and his Orchestra 26577 Ko-Ko—F. T. Conga Brava—F. T. Duke Ellington and his Famous Orchestra 26578 Georgia on My Mind—F. T.
(V. R.)
In the Still of the Nighb—F.T. Quintet of the Hot Club of France
Foster Shop
AHfboriMd OmIm* RCA - VrCTRCHAf - VJCTOR REOORU Baal Side Square
All Voting Students Students 1. Roosevelt 34.3% 38.2% 2. Dewey ..... 26.6 2^.4 3. Hull 7.3 8.2 4. Vabdeliberg „ 6.0 3.8 5. Taft 4.2 4.0 6. Garner 8.6 ' 13.2 7. Thomas 2.6 4.4 8. Farley ........... 1.9 ' 1.8 9. McNutt 1.9 1.4 10. Wheeler ...^ 0.3 0.3 Others 3.9 2.6 Don’t Know 7.4 7.1 Republican Studentfe 1. Dewey .... ..... 62.7% i. Vandenberg 14.0 3. Taft 7.5 4. Others 8.7 Don’t know .— 7.1 Democratic Students 1. Roosevelt 67.8% 2. Hull ......._ 12.3 3. Gamer _...... - 6.7 4. Others — 9.8 Don’t Know 3.4 Cross-tabulating the ballots geographically, it is found that New England, East Central, South, and Far West place Roosevelt on top. Middle Atlantic and West Central states select Dewey. Students who say they have no party choice name Dewey first, F.D.R. second. A significant fact revealed by this poll is the small support that John N. Garner has among students, while he is one of the leaders among rank and file voters, other surveys show. Paul V. McNutt, who led in a Survey last May, is now ninth, below even socialist Norman Thomas.
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges and Actives; Very short meeting Wednesday, May 1, at 4 p.m. in ME reading room. —EILERING.
All Freshmen Union Workers: Meeting Wednesday at 4 :15 p.m. in the North ballroom of the Union. —COOPER.
Outing Club: All people who wish to go to the Pines Sunday May 3, please call Marge Ward, 41111 or Ted Parker 35294 before Friday night. May 3. —PARKER.
Freshmen Engineers: All freshmen Engineers are cordially invited to attend the annual banquet of the Purdue Student Chapter p of American Society of Civil Engrineers Thursday, May 2, at 7 p.m. in the West Faculty Lounge. 60 cents per plate. Tickets may be purchased at Union desk or in Main office of Civil Engineering Building. Special entertainment. —QUEBE. Scabbard and Blade: Election of officers Wednesday, May 1, at 7:30 p. m. in east faculty lounge. —OLSON.
Gimlet: Important meeting Wednesday, May 1, at 7:30 p. m., at Sigma Nu house. —PRAZEE.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Rough initiation will be held Wednesday, May 1, at 7 p.m., in the Chemistry building. Pledges, do not wear best clothes. Initiation party will follow initiation. —HALL.
Exponent Freshmen Editorial Workers: The following men are Scheduled as assistant night editors the next week: Zinski, April 30: Kolb, May 1st; Adams, May 2nd: Amos, May 3rd; and Stoeckel, May 4th. It is important that you report on these days. —FRED.
POMM: All actives see Captain Thompson in Armory office as soon as possible. —McCAMMON.
Modem Dance: The following people must appear for rehearsal for Mother’s Day program Wednesday evening. May 1, at 7 p.m. in the Women’s gym: Hickman, Emig, Halstead, Potter, Stogdel, D. Erickson, Anderson, Zechiel, Swope, Metsget, Wood, Miller, Amoss, Fleager, Storz, Meese, Weed, Harpster. —KNIGHT.
Freshmen: Student Senate petitions are available at Senate office after 4 p. m. until Friday, May 3rd. One Home Ec, one Science, one Ag, one Pharmacy and Physical Ed combined, and four from all freshman engineers will be elected to sophomore positions. ‘ —WALLET.
IMPROVE YOUR DANCING BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS TO-NIGHT 7:00 P. M. BEGINNER^S CLASS MON. MAY 6, 7:00 P. M. PHONE 2150 A1 jKIV^ S iMk and Ifwarf
Starts TOMORROW
LAST DAY-
DEANNE DURBIN — IN — "irS A DATE"
if
ORIH ANID BEAR IT
By Lichty
"I think Pll quit now^—if I don’t make the 6:15 train, I’ll miss the station bus and have to walk home!”
Silver Mask: Presence.of all members will be greatly appreciated for the purpose of judging the fencing tournament. —PARK.
Delta Rho Kappa: Important meeting Thursday, May 2, 7 :i6 p. m. room 332. Dr. Seats will speak. —1B5STEY.
Religions Council: Due to a conflict with the coo-op banquet, the picnic planned for May 8th will be chang^ to May 7th. There will be a 15c' charge for food, —MANGUS.
Sophomores: No student Senate petitions have been taken from Home Ec, Science, M. E., Chem. and Met., and Pharmacy schools. Petitions are available at Senate office after four o’clock until Friday, May 3rd. —WALLEY.
Purdue Student Service Fnhd Committee: All student representatives please turn in money in room 328 of the Union, Wednesday, May ist, between 8 and 10. p. m. —HOBBS. Gold Peppers: Joint meeting of new and old actives in room 232 of Union at 5 p. m. on Thursday, May 2. Banquet movies will be shown. —MITCHELL.
Reamers: Reflectors will be distributed in PIA office from 4 p. m. to 5 p. m., Wednesday and Thursday, May 2. Everyone be there I —MATTHEWS.
-Tomorrow - Fri. - Sat.-
-2 FIRST RUN HITS—
PLUS—2ND FEATURE
LAST DAY—2 FEATURES JAMES STEWART in “SHOP AROUND THE CORNER" — ALSO — «"BASIL RATHBONE in "RIO"
-TODAYTWO SMASH HITS
THE LANE SISTERS — IN — FOUR WIVES,>^
PLUS
T STR
INVISIBLE STRIPES
— WITH—
Gearge Raft - / Jan Bryan Humphrey Bogart
Starts TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE He Walks! He TalksI He Kills! THE HUMAN MONSTER —WITH — BELA LUGOSI — PLUS — Pride of the Bluegrass
WS.GA Eixecutive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, May 1, at 7:46 p. in. in the WSGA office. J —ZWIBIILEIN. Glider Club: Meeting Thursday night at 7 r8t) p. m. in room 304 of the Union. —LGBEL. Flying Club: Meeting Wednesday evening. May 1st in room 306 at 7:00 p. m. Plans will be made for the Air Show. Tickets will be passed out for the dance. Those 'wfao haven’t paid 2nd semester dues will be dropped from the club if dues are nbt paid at this meeting. —KIMBALL.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE ■— Typewriters. All makes, standard and port^le, sold, purohMsd, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebersfaeff. 606 Main street.
FOR RENT Russ—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 aU night. Phone 71644.
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
TOMORROW-FRIDAY BaUe BUfiicf J
ARC Last Times Today — L nUOOCERS PICTlIltESCOSMt&TIOMPnHiritJ ’IIITIlia" Bea$tof Betlln
AND —
BlllEUIOIT mum
— ALSO — "BOY SCOUTS TO THE RESCUE" CHAPTER 1 -THURS. - FRI. - SAT.DANGER AHEAD ONE HOUR To LIVE DAREDEVILS OF THE RED CIRCLE^ ’
Wednesday, May L ld40
l>ORl>Oe EXPONSltT
»
Dolphin Club to Present Galacade Friday For Gala Week Visitors
Featured on the Gala Week sports program will be the first annual Galacade sponsored by the Dolphin Club to be held Friday night at 8:30 at the pool in the Fieldhouse. Entries have been flowing into swimming Coach Dick Papenguth’s office this week and include contestants from all over the Middle States area. The Indianapolis Athletic Club, Hoosier Athletic Club, and Riviera Club, all of Indianapolis; Danville, Illinois Country Club; Huntington YMCA, national champions; Purdue Varsity, Freshman squad and Triton Club here on the campus have all signified a desire to enter the Galacade. Barbara Cook of Purdue will defend her middle states ten foot board championship and Peggy Aspinall will compete for the breast stroke titles. June Fogel, 13 year old Indianapolis swimmer, won the 220 title two weeks ago and is expected to give Lorraine Bemis of Pimdue strong competition in that event. According to Coach Papenguth, Joan Fogel, who is 12 years old today, will probably walk away with the women’s 60 yard back stroke crown. Triton Club has planned two water ballets under the direction of Miss Marion Russell of the Department of Physical Education for Women to amuse the returning alumni and Dolphin club will run two handicap races. The show will be opened by a 6 year old youngster, Sarah Ann Carroll from Indianapolis, followed by the varsity and freshmen struggling with ten men apiece for a two foot trophy. Award Will Be Made The Mid-States events are the men’s 100 yard back stroke, men’s 220 yard free style, women’s 100 yard breast stroke, and the women’s 10 foot diving, while the Indiana title contests are the men’s 440 yard free style, men’s 200 yard breast stroke, women’s 220 yard free style, and women’s 50 yard back stroke. Awards will be given for first, second, and third places for mid-states events and medals to those coming
in first, second, or third in the Indiana events. Records Watch Out AAU officials from Indianapolis will officiate for the contest and Coach Papenguth is committeeman in charge of the Gala Week Aquacade. “Look for records to be broken,” advises Coach Papenguth, “for there is going to be plenty of stiff competition.” Plan Net Matches For Gala Week-end Michigan State College’s racqueteers will meet the Boilermaker netmen on Friday afternoon at 3 o’clock for the first of two scheduled tennis matches. The second will be played against Northwestern Saturday afternoon at 1 p.m. This is the first time that Michigan State has competed with Purdue in tennis. “Although I don’t know just how good the Michigan State team is, I expect some real competition from their team,” stated Coach LaBree last night. Northwestern is the top-ranking team of the copference, having never lost a match this season. Greenberg is the outstanding player on Northwestern’s team. He stands a full head and shoulders above most of his competitors and is a hard man to beat. To date Purdue has played five matches, winning three and losing two. There ^re ten more matches scheduled before the close of school. Pi Kappa Phi . . . social fraternity annoxmces the initiation of the following men: Ted Anderson, Chicago; David Moody, Gallatin, Tenn.; William Beal, Bloomington, 111.; Carl Madory, Chicago; and Clark Armstrong, Kansas City, Mo. Also the pledging of Hugh McIntyre, Long Island, N. Y.; James Cleveland, Chicago; and Rudy Kottemann, Chicago.
220 N. 3rd Street
Phone 5372
THRIF-TEE-TOPS htj ^otk am
TOPS FOR BEAUTY. A silken leg, smooth fitting, flattering ... in the newest fashionconscious colors TOPS FOR MILEAGE. The Thrif-Tee-Tops of dainty weartwist lisle and the plaited foot take care of that
Gala Week Sports Feature 11 Events in Athletic Circus No less than 11 events in six different sports are scheduled to climax the spring sports program as part of the Gala Week activities. Featured program of the week-end will be a “six-ring” home athletic circus ih which returning alumni will be guests in competitive sports. As a supplement to the spring sports program, a “P” Men’s Club annual banquet will be held Friday night at which time blankets will be presented to senior lettermen by Professor G. A. Young, president of the international organization, and gold basketball charms will be presented to the members of the Big Ten championship basketball squad by Coach Ward Lambert. Beginning the Week’s events on Friday are a ^aseball game against^ Notre Dame at South Bend, the golfers in their second dual meet of the week against Illinois here, and the tennis team with a trip to meet Wisconsin. Topping off Ihe day’s card, following the “P” Men’s banquet, alumni will have an opportunity to See Coach Dick Papenguth’s swimmers in action in a Galacade which will feature four Mid-States A. A. U. title events and a like number of state A. A. U. championships. Saturday provides a real whirl of action. At 10 o’clock in the morning the baseball squad will oppose the Buckeyes and the track men will seek their third victory at the expense of Chicago. The football squad will wind up its spring drill with an intra-squad game at 3 o’clock. The winner of the Freshman Football Merit Trophy awarded annually by the Purdue Alumni Association, will be announced between halves of the game. At the same time, the tennis team will battle with Northwestern’s powerful conference title contenders. The complete week’s schedule follows: BASEBALL Monday—At Notre Dame Friday—Ohio State here (4 p.m.) Saturday—^phio State here (10 a.m.) TRACK Saturday—Chicago here (10 a.m.) FOOTBALL Saturday—^Intra-Squad Game (3 p.m.) GOLF Monday—Michigan here Friday—^Illinois here 'TENNIS Monday—^At Wisconsin Friday—Michigan “State here Saturday—Northwestern here
fioUohik. Qhoiai By Joe Dolan Rain, the reason why sports editors start cutting out paper dolls . . . the reason why Rolfe Jenkins spends his time reading “Who’s Who In College Athletics” only to find it’s a 1935 edition; so he throws it to Gimlet pledge Jim McKee who spend his time wondering whether Harvey Olson, former‘Purdue football captain and editor of the magazine Varsity, would accept a story about the type of rain at Purdue. —^fc— Rain, the reason why Mai Elward has another furrow in his brow, he’s beginning to wonder whether this spring practice stuff wouldn’t be more economical if he wouldn’t clad his gridders in cute gold and black bathing suits; the reason why track coach, Herm Phillips, is muttering, “Rain,” God bless it, but may the farmers keep it all; Rain, the reason why Mike Byelene can’t reason why . . . figure it out for yourself. Dutch Fehring and his boys spend hours fixing up the baseball field, and rain spends days making it look like an old Irish bog. Sarg dishes out half-a-hundred bright and shinny football uniforms . . . half-a-hundred Purduvians bring them back from Stewart Field covered with Hoosier muck .. . why . . . why . . but then April showers bring May flowers . . . but who in the hell wants May flowers? Rain . . . the reason why a sports editor spends hours of a slightly damp Tuesday afternoon in a publicity director’s office inhaling those omnipresent cigars and learns a lot about the interesting things Purdue’s athletes do but not what they don’t do . . . Rain ... the reason why we learn how football coaches are picked . . . also at the expense of inhaling that god-awful smoke . . . we’ll never smoke ’em, so help us. Up in that office ya learn that Purdue’s coaches weren’t brought to these .parts by the smiling graces of a guardian angel... we learned that the choice was a soundly, wrought piece of work consuming much time and plenty of work . . . but it has paid in big dividends. We learned the life history of Purdue’s coaches passed through mill of side-lights lime-lights, high-lihgts, and footlights before our alumni was impressed. Right now is the appropriate season to gaze through seed catalogues, price the newest sarongs, or placidly listen to a Brookljmite about the adventures of the Flatbush baseball team, the Dodgdrs.
—Sky weeping? Stay snug and dry in a
HICKORY Olied-Silk Weatherproof RAINCOAT ^3.50 Special! handy pouch in which to tuck away your coat — FREE Hickory quality costs so little more for all the extra wear you’ll enjoy. These durable transparent oiled-silk coats are attractively styled with roomy bell sleeves, w'ell-cut lines—in cheerful colors. Contain no rubber, never crack, peel or harden! Lightweight waterproof protection. Colors: Green, blue, brown, amber. Sizes: small, medium, large.
/
Varsity Tearn Divides To Meet Fresh In Simultaneous Games Fresh from their extra-inning victory over Notre Dame's Fighting Irish, the Boilermaker varsity baseball team will split up this afternoon to meet picked freshman combinations in two simultaneQus games. Both encounters will start at 4 o’clock, one on Ross-Ade Field and the other on Russell Field.
DUS' to the fact that they have been rained out of five of their scheduled games to date, the Riveters are in need of all the competition they can get. Over the weekend they split with the Chicago Maroons in a pair of Big Ten battles, giving them a record of one win and two losses in the conference race.
Frosh Perform
Today’s games will also give Frosh Coach “Pop” Doan a chance to see how his proteges can perform against real competition. There are a number of very promising players in the rhinie squad and Pop is looking forward to a couple of real battles in these frosh-var-
sity games.
Playing a prominent part in the Gala Week sports program are the two Ohio State games to be played here this week-end on Friday and Saturday. The first tilt with the Buckeye nine will start at 4 p.m. on Friday afternoon, the second will be played on Saturday morning at 10 o’clock. Ohio State has played only two conference games this season, both of which were played with Illinois. Ohio won the first game 4-1 and lost the second 17-8, which places them in the sixway tie for third place. In last year’s encounters with Ohio State, Purdue picked up the opening game 9 to 3, and dropped the night-cap 6 to 5. Don Blanken, who did most of the pitching in the Chicago game last Saturday, is in the hospital with an infected hand. It is not known whether he will be able to participate in this week-end’s content or
Riveter Track Men Hosts To Chicago Saturday Morning Gala Week visitors interested in track may view a dual meet between the thinlies of the University of Chicago and Purdue Saturday at 10 a.m. in Ross-Ade stadium. The Boilermaker squad has been working hard since returning from the Drake Relays Monday and should be at
its peak on Saturday. Complete Program
The first event is the mile run and following at ten minute intervals will be the 440 rim, 100 yard dash, 120 yard high hurdles, half mile run, 220 run, 2 mile run, 220 low hurdles, and the mile relay. Starting at the same time as the mile run will be the high jump, pole vault, and shot; followed immediately by the discus, broad jump, and javelin
throw.
We should see some interesting competition between Chicago’s Castles and Purdue’^ Edwards in the pole vault as Edwards is wellknown for having once cleared 13 feet. Captain Red Shackleton in the 440, Holderman in the mile and half mile, Rankin in the low hurdles, Tycocki in the sprints and broad jumps and Weber in the shot put are expected to lead the Purdue contingent in tallying a high score. Won Last Two Purdue thinlies have easily won their last two meets with Chicago, however until about four years ago, the Midwaymen continuously downed the Boilermaker track teams. “We should win easily by fifteen points,” according to Coach Allen, “that is, if the boys perform as they are expected.” Elizabeth Padgett ... ’35 will succeed Miss Melba Walter, as Home Demonstration Agent of Porter County on June 1. Miss Padgett has been vocation home economics teacher in Rensselaer, and has in addition to her teaching experience, conducted an adult class.
Rain ... it isn’t even the least bit suitable to discuss schedules because that’s one topic that’s only certainly talked about by one, one Jupe Pluvis. Rain . . . rain . . . aw nuts!
not. PI A Banquet Held Last Night In Union Over one-hundred faculty members, guests, and members of the Purdue Independent Association were present at a banquet given by the Independent Association last night in the Union. R. B. Stewart, controller of the University, was principal speaker while Lawrence Archibald, PIA member, was toastmaster. Installation of oceffirs and board members was held and awards were made. The H. G. Reisner Scholarship Trophy was awarded to John H. Smith and the Freshman Participation Cup was given to Warren K. Carter. Key awards were distributed by Jerry Hinshaw, former president of PIA.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplioe
• Professional
"DEACr Everything for a Gjilege Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHOt A. RWK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th » Main Phono 5781
• Jewelers
• Dine
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Modwate Pricaa
COME OVER! EAT AT ED e DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEi 5c
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Hardware
Sperh Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Pricet 822 Main Phona 2777
• Locksmith
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, dpor locks, (Mi locks, night latches and padlocka. Auto keys a specialty. Btcydaa, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPTS 209-11 N. 5th SL Phone 2828
CHitfitten for Fratemitiea and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354kf
4 (
r I
v“?,,» •» ■f'
PDBOUE EXPONENT
Wednesday. May 1. 1940
But
Incidentally
By Anastachka This is not a ^oice from the Lowly Steppes . . . In fact in diplomatic cii’cles, internationally speaking. the nation frowns on Bolshevekis . . . Mais ja!! However, let there be no misunderstanding . . . this IS neither a Fitzpatiick travelogue nor even a Round the World in Ten Days Bargain Cruise . . . So the time has come . .. for unveiling . . , From the Land of Midnight Sun . . . From the frozen wastes of the North have I descended . . . Ja, ancestors . . . Some came over in a boat ... It wasn’t a very good boat—even broke down halfway across . . . So the forefathers changed to another boat . . . this was a slower boat . . . also it wasn’t a very nice boat because there were cattle in it . . . Tw'enty-four days from Newrfoundland with dirty old, smellj' old cows!! W’e like this March of Time . . . for one thing it speeded up transportation . . . * * * Today, they say, is the First of May . . . May Day in the vernacular of the romantic circles . . . We used to like May Days — even looked forwai’d to them . . . those good old days when it might just as well have been spring’s day of triumph . . . It w’as Fun . . . Little boys would make paper baskets or containers ... all sizes, shapes, and colors were entered among these classics . . . the whole thing was really just one of those matters of opinion . . . Then with their owm hands (the less inspired entrusted the product to hapless mothers) they created candy . . . batches of toothsome confections were bom
Purdue Exponent
R. B. iiui«r w. B. South.
BditorJB-CUaf . Basinwa Monacar
D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, ouuiBBins; editor; E. M. Antonini, senior adTertisiag: maaaffor; G. Schillingr, oo-ed editor; R. Jenkins, sports editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of ConKrees of March I, 1878, and at the special rate of postase provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1817, anthorlscd January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday dnrlns the resnilar academic year and weekly durins the Summer Session. Delivered locally .by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. * Represented for national advertisins: by National Advertisine Service, Inc., College Publishers Representotives, 420 Madison Avc, New York, N. Y. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director Night Editor—Kennedy Issue Editor—^Rose Day Editor—Carroll Sports Editor—Burtsfield Workers: Sanders, Seiss, Stiers, Funkhouser, Miller, Stallings, McClintock, Irwin, Justin, Bailey, Boynaon, Zachery, Baker, Kaplan.
this way . . . Once made, it was a matter of time in the smaller fi actions until all was cut, sealed, and gently put in the pretty little holders . . . The finishing artistic touch (optional) was a handpicked (and unselected) bouquet, often bedraggled at that early stage . . . Then out of their castles the young knights sped with their bundles . .. To the domicile of the maid of their fancy , . . Up the porch they stalked—stopped only by the door. . . Some looked around first . . . Others just fearlessly and firmly pressured the doorbells . . . Then th^ all RAN away ... To the nearest bushes . . . Then they peeked through the bushes . . . (And people talk about the curiosity of the female of the species . . . ) Besides the little girls liked to get those baskets ...
Refugee Students Appeal For Aid
We all have been reached during the last few days by one or several of the appeals of the Student Sertvce Fund. To many of us these appeals may not have meant much— just another call for contributions for something or other. — To me, however, they meant a lot. Having lived in Europe until a few years ago, I really know how to appreciate the things which this committee is trying to do. I personally knew many young students who would be benefited by this drive and enabled to continue their education. Could you imagine yourself living in a foreign country without means to continue your studies ? Fortunately, this is a hard thing for us to imagine—^but if you can do so, consider how much more fortunate we are here in the United States. Remember that the people we are trying to help are students just as we are—simply less fortun-
ate in choosing the part of the world which to be born in. There are hundreds of young people that had to leave their home, not able to save anything but their bare lives. They are now trying to make a living in some other country, wheie they are allowed to stay for the time being. They are doing odd jobs, jobs that do not have anything to do with the profession that they originally started. These students are just as worthy of a good college education as you and I. Just think of how many potential scientists, business men, teachers, and engineers are deprived of their chance of getting ahead in their work, only because their home country does not approve of their race, religion, or political attitude. Try to keep these things in mind, and do your part, however small it may be, when it tomes to contributing to the Fund.
60 Attend Puttering Room Second Sketching Class Increasing interest in the Puttering Room’s sketching class brought about the second of such meetings last night. Approximately sixty people were shown lantern slides loaned by the John Herron Art Institute of Indianapolis, depicting the technique of sketching, while Bob Parks, director of the Puttering Room, discussed “Sketching from a Hobby Angle.” Judging by the large attendance it has had so far, the class under the auspices of the Student Art Club, may become a regular part of the Puttering Room program.
SPRING COAT SALE
Big pockets— flarecJ skirts— military shoulders. Hurry and see them!
Phone 5900
415 Main
LoRRAIN€-
RAYON KNIT
Pastel and Deep Tone Colon)
Fabrics that draps and w«ar aiV never before and th8t'__need no/ ironing^
^^Holeproof^^ The celebrated Men’s Sock with attached gorter. Buy them for 50c pr.
THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622^26 Main St.
Possibilities ... of having fraternity freshmen live outside their respective houses will probably be a topic for serious consideration in the near future. With a completely differential attitude toward the proposal, it is contended by many that the liabilities of such a move might easily outweigh the assets. Difficulties arising from this situation may be classified as physical, financial, scholastic, and social. The physical factor concerns living quarters for these men who would ordinarily be housed as fraternity pledges. Although new additions to Cary Hall have placed that unit among the largest of its kind in the country, under the new system a group of approximately 400 more men would still be left without a place to live. Financially, the fraternities would be placed in a hazardous predicament. With budgets set up for freshman classes, a drastic readjustment would necessarily have to be made. Sophomore pledges and larger freshman pledge classes appear to be the only solution for filling houses built for four medium sized classes and required to be filled by three large groups. Unsupervised study hours seem to show up in indices recently released by the registrar, for the figures point to the higher grades of freshmen living in fraternities. Even though a completely satisfactory method o^ supervision has not been worked out, every organized house makes an attempt to hold systematic study tables. Socially, the freshmen living out of the house would be in the same status as the town boy who joins fraternity and, regardless of his ardor for the group, unfortunately loses something whi(?h those in the houses obtain. With an understanding of the obstacles ahead of this project, it will be interesting to note what action will be taken. —G. C.
Senior Co-eds Hrar Dr. Tower Lecture Dr. Lucia E. Tower, practicing physician from Chicago, was speaker at the third marital lecture for senior women sponsored by WSGA in the Woman’s Lounge of the Union last night at 7:30 o’clock. The topic of Dr. Tower’s lecture was “Hygience of Marriage” after which an open discussion was held. Co-eds submitted written questions which were answered by Dr. Tower and discussed by the group. There was a greater attendance than usual at the meeting. Kappa Delta Rho . . . social fraternity announces the pledging of the following men: Bud Inglis, Detroit, Michigan; Clyde Netherton, Chalmers; Don Hope, Bangor, Michigan; Bill Westlow, Detroit, Michigan; and Charles Homa, Endicott, New York. The following officers have been elected for the coming semester: president, Bob Hogue; vice president, William Slone; rush chairman, Bradley Ballard; secretary, Charles Hobbs; corresponding secretary. Boh Carpenter; steward, Don Woodward; house manager. Bill Trombley; social chairman, Jim Storms; sergeant-at-arms, Alvin Grefrath; chaplain, John Seymour; athletic chairman, Dick Kentner; financial committeeman. Bill Clark.
^mpodant ? C^ome to Ud ^i^dt
Whether it's with your best beau, or whether it's a date to a spring formal— you want to look your best. We can make a new and lovelier woman of you in a jiffy. Make a date—with us—now!
3bsb!bL. Bswuudtij^ Salmu
m. ihsL '^jwojdsl!
ONLY 93 LEFT
A dollar down will save one of the few remaining copies of the Debris for you.
'*« (Debm. «« ComplsdiL QtmpjuiL. Cooahaqa,