Pafiengufh Calls Oiit Swimntars
mmmAL Are You A YZXMf See i^age 2
Volume 53, No. 15
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, September 24, 1941
Opposition, Indifference Prevent Final Decision On Major Golf Question
By Charles Standard And Jim Adams
Student opinion must be expressed! Yesterday at the PAG meeting it was very obvious that the members of tl^e council had not been informed of the sentiments of the student body on making golf a major sport. Lack of interest except in a 'few isolated cases had made it impossible for the members of the council to make their decision. One of the members oi the council had polled his own fraternity and found this sentiment expressed, “Fm against making golf a major sport; however I feel that it should be of the same rating as cross-coun-try, swimming, wrestling, and tennis.” Another opinion was expressed .' ' —
Motorist Regulations For Football Games Imposed By Council
I Passports Senior passports will be available today, according to an an^ nouncement from the Fieldhouse ticket office. " Freshman, sophomore, and junior passports will be available for the remainder of the week. Schedule cards must be presented in person at the Fieldhouse office in order to secure the passports. Tickets in the un-reserved-seat sections for the Vanderbilt game Saturday may be Secured at the Fieldhouse upon presentation of passports. Senior Women Meet To Decide What To Wear
by a member of the golf team. He said, “The entire membership of my fraternity is in favor of making golf a major sport on the same plane as Swimming, Tennis, Wrestling, and Cross-country. Since these were the only surveys disclosed, fhc members of the council did not feel qualified to make a decision. Students, what
shall we do ?
In addition to the discussion on
Senior women will meet in the faculty lounge of the Union today at 5 p.m. to make a final decision as to what they will wear to' distinguish them as a class at the football game Saturday. Agnes McCulloch, president of AWS, will
preside at the meeting.
Money for the cancelled orders
p.m.
tative date for delivery of the or-
Plans for handling traffic at University football games this year
the golf question, the council made were completed Monday at a con-
plans for entertaining high school ference attended by Robert Burns, ders which were not cancelled is athletes who are prospective Pur- West Lafayette chief of police; Sgt. Wednesday, Oct. 1. Distribution of due athletes. These plans cover the Loren Ayres, representative of In- these will also be from the AWS
next several months during which diana State police; W. C. Kashner, office, e.h.a. there is considerable athletic activ- assistant superintendent of physiity, cal plant, and C. S. Doan, adminisThe council also made plans for trative assistant to Director El-
keeping records of the time spent ward.
in play by each player so that the A.11 entrances to the campus Will letters can be awarded on a basis jje closed at 10 o’clock the morning of total playing time. of the games, and Chief Burns has Ushers were assigned for the i^iade arrangements to close Sta-
be given by the Mortar Board members, who will serve as models in a series of skits that will show the “rights”*and the “wrongs” of cam-
pus dress and etiquette.
Peg Davis, who is in charge of Henry, Agnes McCulloch, Virginia
forsTiTLTackTts ^niTrreD^^^^^^^ the program, and Betty Erick, mis- Schaupp, and Donna Siess. Smee today and tomorrow from 1 to 5 t^ess of ceremonies, will comment this meeting is a part of. the orien-
erg Guest At University nstration On IM Field
Emphasizes Fundamentals; Later Plays Exhibition Match “Timing,” rhythm and balance are the fundamentals of this game of golf,” said Patty Perg as she opened the golf clinic yesterday afternoon at *2 o’clock on Intramural Field. The red-headed, freckled face Minneapolis miss was scheduled to appear with Virginia Dettweiler, but the latter was taken ill this morning and could
not be present. As a result, Patty was forced to conduct the entire clinic by herself. Usually she and
Miss Dettweiler alternate.
Gives Lengthy Talk
At the cost of a great strain upon her voice and nerves Miss Berg talked and demonstrated steadily for two hours. She was greatly appreciative when someone thoughtfully brought her a “coke.” She emphasized that the, links
ortar Board To Handle Collegienne Chat Today
Second in the series of Collegi- and various other situations_that enne Chats, weekly meetings spon- will help to give the freshmen mor^
sored by AWS for all new women social poise.
students, will be presented this aft- Before and after acts have been ernoon at 4 o’clock in the Home Ec- planned which will first show the onomics auditorium. Today’s pro- wrong, and then the correct, ways gram, “Campus Comeliness,” will to dress on the University campus.
Inveniory Of Trucks, Busses For Defense Inventory of trucks and busses is being made throughout the coun-
the'^XwS office The ten- other gills show by panto- tation program, attendance will be try at the request of the War De- ’
The clothes will be from the Palais
Royal.
The members of Mortar Board are Peg Davis, Betty Erick, Barbara Fellows, Betty Graham, Mary
mime how to act at dances, how to taken for all freshman and trans-
accept dates overj the telephone, fer students, m.j.l.
Students Interested
Senior Debris Pidure Varsity Debates
To Attend Call-Outs
coming football games.
Wabash River Reaches Lowest Point In 40 Years
dium avenue from Northwestern to University at the same time. Free parking areas, conveniently
Senior Debris pictures will be taken starting Monday, Sept. 29 from 8 a. m. until 6 p. m. daily. Seniors will be notified of their sit-
Call-outs for varsity debate and the new inter-collegiate discussion teams will be held this afternoon
Barbecue For Frosh
In
partment and the National Defense snme is played with the hands and Advisory Commission; consequent- not with the shoulders, ly all farmers and others who own ^1®°* demonstrated the three trucks will be asked to cooperate grips, namely, overlockin this transportation planning for interlapping and the natural national defense. baseball grip. With the aid of slow T tt i j- X motion Patty showed the value of
L. E. Hoffman, associate director
of the University Agriculture Extension Service, stated that each truck owner will receive a special inventory card from the Indiana Highway Traffic Advisory Committee with the request for informa-
Agricultme freshmen were guests tion regarding the make of his
in room 301 of University Hall at of the Hoof and Horn, animal hus- truck, kind of body, capacity, time . ,11. . . . Likes It Here
the backswing, keeping one’s eye on the ball and maintaining a good
follow through.
Patty stated that the- majority of golfing faults are caused by starting to swing too fast and with too much power at the top of the back-
4 p.m.^ Besides the regular debat- bandiy club, at their annual bar- of year the vehicle is most urgently ing, discussion contests between becue held yesterday afternoon, needed in the owner’s business, and
located for motoring football fans, ting time by postcard. The price of eight of the Big Ten Universities The barbecue was held in the Dean’s whether in an emergency he would
along with a paid parking area in the northeast corner of the campus
Wabask River is the lowest it at the intersection of Northwestern
L.50, as in for- have been scheduled. One of these pasture.
An atmosphere resembling
has been in more than forty years, according to a report made by Paul Lehman, the University’s official weather observer. According to Mr. Lehman’s observations, the river was only .34 of a foot deep or slightly more than four inches yesterday'morning. This was said to be the lowest since August 16-18, 1901, when the water measured only .24 of a foot deep,
j.e.n.
Canfield Edits Articles On Electrical Progress Professor D. T. Canfield of the school of Electrical Engineering is
and Stadium, will take care.of many
of the cars.
Motorists approaching from the north on either U.S. 62 or State Road 43 can most conveniently utilize the parking area north of the stadium. State police will be placed at the extreme north edge of RossAde Recreation Field on route 62 at the entrance to the parking lot. Signs will also be placed there to
direct traffic.
The Intra-mural Field will also be used as a parking lot. Entrance to this field can be made from either
the pictures wjll be
m^ years. . contests will be held at each Of the atmosphere resembling tkat Persons who do not have a senior eight schools with all of the other t^e old west prevailed. Besike Register Busses carr w o exnee o crat seven participating. A discussion campfire and a covered wagon,
team will be made up of six men
be willing to lease it to the government. (
schedule card who expect to grad uate in June or August of 1942 should come to the Debris office to arrange for their Debris picture,
k.r.
Dr. Ff^ank R, Hall . . . will speak on “World Events and Governmental Policies as They Relate to Democracy in the United States” at the Regular monthly luncheon meeting of all University agricultuial staff members. The
and at the discussion they will take pait in a two day program consisting of five rounds of group discussion, a banquet, after dinner
Miss Berg was most gracious to talk with and was enthusiastic about Purdue. She was greatly impressed with the Memorial Union Building and confessed that the Minnesota Union was, to a great extent, modeled after our own recreational center. Patty was also impressed with the extreme cleanli-
meeting will be held in the faculty
Russell street or th7exte'nsion’of the Union next Monday, find out the details of this activ-
September 29. w.s. ity. d.e.b.
Stadium.
Ticket Manager
Similar facts will be collected on
students on the program dressed busses, and all truck trailers in characteris|;ic cowboy dress and ^^i^h a capacity of 3,000 pounds or a cowboy band 'supplied the mus- jyjore. This inventory is expected . ,
ical enteitainment. provide for the first time de- , e campus , r n 1 f r, 1 Before the meal fieshmen were tailed records of the bus and truck speeches, a ladio broadcast and a taken on a tour of the University transnortation facilities in the na-
final discussion open to the public, f^rm and shown the livestock. ^ Expenses of the teams will be paid j^ck Frost acted as official by the University. carver at the barbecue. Prof. F. G. According to Prof. P. E. Lull, King, head of the animal husbandry director of forensics, previous dc- department, and Dean V. C. Freebate experience is not necessary man appeared on the program. Stuand anyone interested in discussion dents who participated in the prois urged to attend this meeting and gram were T. O. Blank, R. W. Har-
din, R. E. Johnson, M. J. Peterson, R. W. Schmidt and C.Vanada. j.d.s.
tion, and this information will aid in the more effective planning of highway transportation in the assembly of defense materials, deliv-
ery of supplies, relief of dock and Bur due definitely
terminal congestion, and movement
“Purdue has always had a fighting football team,” said Miss Berg, “and consistently gives Minnesota a good game. When one compares your 7,009 students in contrast to the 20,000 we have at Minnesota,
has a talking
Doan pointed
editor-in-chief of the AIEE commit- out that the stadium gates are con-
veniently located for those using ,any of the parking areas, w.g.h.
tee on instruments and measurements which is publishing a series of articles entitled “Progress in the Art of Measuring” in current issues of the magazine Electrical Engi-
neering. ’
First article of the series appeared in the September issue and additional installments will appear in the October, November, and December issues, k.a.k.
Exponent Staff There will be a meeting of all elected members of the Exponent staff in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station, Wednesday, September 24, at 4 p. m. —Ochiltree
Senior Season Revives
Of Former Young Trophy Disputes By L. M. Stettenbenz
The advent of the Senior Season, with its coloiful tiaditions of multihued colds and recently denuded upper lips, brings also a vivid mo-
Health Service Hospitalizations
J. B. Wyman, sophomore, Francis Heldreth, giaduate student and H. G. Hites, spohomore, entered the Home Hospital for medical treatment Monday. Those convalescing
at St. Elizabeth Hospital are: H. H. , „ , , ■ ^ ^ - - - — - -
Mai tens, freshman, and Martha r^etrospect concerning last p^.jgon, and threatened retribution
. . . vpni-’s gathering and the unlocked tt _ j. .c
of passenger traffic during emerg-
encies.
It is reported that England was forced in the midst of the war to make an inventory similar to the one which the United States is now about to begin, a.p.h. (^eer To Play
Only mixer scheduled for this 'week-end will be the annual senior cord dance on Saturday night in
Miss Berg told us she had trav-
eled as far as the West Coast to collect alumni funds for the construction of the Minnesota Union building after she had been here with a committee of students to inspect our facilities. She will go to Bloomington today for an exhibi-
tion at Indiana University. Boilermaker Golf Coach Harry
Allspaw was among the interested
spectators.
Coeds Have A Try
After her demonstration, which excited many “oh’s” and “ah’s” from the spectators, Patty asked some of the girls fiom the PEW
Doherty, junior. Martens underwent
a surgical operation Sunday.
Those discharged Sunday were: A. E. Brumfield, freshman, T. E. Foster, freshman, R. E. Etreith, freshman, and D. W. Espin after
recuperating from illness.
year s
for page out of “The Gentleman Bandit” that was thrown in spontaneously and in addition to the time-honored ritual. With an idea of securing a revision of regulations for the presentation of the G. A.
oritism, the rest of the University’s week-end, with pertinent state-
senior class became openly dis- ments being issued for publication both ballrooms of the Union, accord- classes to try their hand. All of the giuntied after five straight annual from both sides, and a common jjjg to an announcement made last coeds were attired in attractive triumphs by the boys in Solberg’s ground for dealings was finally night by Jim Rgeves^ Student vice- skirts and blouses and self con-
reached. The president of the Stu- president in charge. Max Greer and scious smiles in contrast to Miss dent Senate, assisted by a commit- his lU band will play from 9 to 12. Berg’s more servicable culottes, tee consisting of representatives of Seniors attending the dance must sweater, golfing shoes and socks, all the University schools, was ap- have both their cords and their pass- brown tam-o-shanter, and self-as-
pointed official scorer and judge, ports for free admittance. Reeves sured manner.
with power to award the Trophy, stated. AdrAission for non-seniors Many amateur camera fiends Members of Skull and Crescent, will be one dollar per couple. were present and one of the addicts sophomore activities honorary, were Greer’s band is that formerly led was almost beheaded when he got
Hence the feeling of unrest that swept the campus on the eve of the 1940 parade and led to the perpetration of the notorious deed. Breasting the outraged protests of secretaries and office workers, eight stalwart bandits forced their
Union Will Hold Dance Tryouts i Today For New Mystery Show
Young Trophy, a group of,students, Administrative Office delegated to make an accurate count by Warpy Waterfall.
known only as the “Dormitory Devils,” broke into the Mechanical Engineering building in broad daylight on the afternoon of Friday, September 27, 1940, and hijacked the cup from under the noses of the
of the Mechanical Engineering building and made off with the mug. The sally was well-timed, for both “G. A.” and Professor Dave Clark were busy attending 1 o’clock classes; and consequently were un-
of the seniors during the parade and report their statistics to the committee. On the basis of their findings the cup would be given to
the winning school.
The parade came and went, Mon-
(Continued on page 2)
By Charlotte Hass
Tryouts “for dancing parts in the new Union show to be given Dad’s Day, November 8, are to be held today and tomorrow at 4 o’clock in the Union office. Several types of
dancing are
given out are to Betty Wedge and Bob Stanbaugh who will have the
leads.
Others Chosen Soon
personnel, to hold sarne for ransom spike the proceedings in the day dawned, and the results of the until the desired revision could be anonymous phone call to contest were made public. Chenrical
effected.
Dr. Brown, University Of Texas, Invents Super Slide Rule Multibarmonograph
Dr. S. L. Brown, genial Univer-
the Exponent that evenrng ex- Engineering’'took first honors with sity of Texas professor of physics, 'f®!’ smaller than a grain of sand. For the uninitiated, the G. A. plained the reason for the high- a percentage attendance of 94.3, is the inventor of the multihar- Trade Miilutes For Years
Young Trophy was presented to the handed methods employed. thus moving the trophy out of the monograph, the only machine of its Iri a matter of minutes it will University in 1936 by the former jt,seems that constant victory ME building for the first time since kind in the world ablq to perform chart and calculate diffei’entiala Other characters will bo chosen head of the Mechanical Engineer- for the ME’s gave rise to some spec- it had been relegated there nr 1935. sixty-one niatheirratical operations ^'hich would require an expert
planned including soon. Betty played the part of Bes- iug school who gave it his name, ulalion as to the legality of the Beaten and dismayed, \the Meehan- at one time an,d to “solve equations years to solve by the best of tiilear
waltzs and ballets which were so sie Tanner in the “College Widow” The purpose of the presentation popular last year. ’ presentation last year. Bill had was to stimulate unified attendance Still Secret large parts in both of the Union among the senior class of the indiThe Union executives are still shows. Irv Given and his orches- vidual schools at the annual parade keeping the real plot of the show tra have been signed to supply the before the first football game. Each a secret, but we did find out that music. year, with the representation based
methods.
presentations, and the aforemen- icals slipped to fourth place, with as high as the fifteenth degree.
tinned dissention was rife among a far-from-close 79 per cent, yield- Super Slide Rule Yet in spite of his invention of the slighted schools. To cope with ing both second and third positions The perfection of the machine— a machine which solves such disthe situation, the “Dormitory Dev- to the Public Service Engineers and a glorified super-slrde rule, fifteen tressing things as transcendental ils” suggested (or demanded) that the Electricals, respectively. From feet high, weighing a ton and look- functions and nonlinear simultane-
a standard method be instituted to all indications, the unbroken reign ing like a creation from Mars— ous equations, Dx’. Brown likes Mex- ' the general theme is a satire on The co-autliois of this new play, upon percentage, the winning school nrake an accurate corint of the at- of “G. A.’s Solid One Twenty” had came about somewhat as a surprise, ican dishes and thoroughly enjoys^Purdue life. There are to be some Willis Wells and Bob Hayt, wrote was to be awarded the Trophy for tending seniors. In that manner the at bust been smashed and decisively even to Di. Brown, who spent five a good game of football. In fact, comparative acts showing Purdue the plays given last year and are the succeeding twelve-month pe- Trophy would be awarded on the eliminated. A new'^ king had been years working on it. he was a menrbex' of the football as it was when Dad was here an^l promising a better play than ever riod. basis of those in the parade who crowned. For instead of completing a sup- team while attending the Unive*as it is today. Remember the “Beef- before. They are promoting the The intent behind the donatioil definitely held senior passport®. Another year has rolled by, and er-synthesizer-analyzer as he had sity of Indiana. the football players—and idea of making those shows an an- sterling, but due to consistent When the decision of the judges again the fight is waxing hot and planned, the instrument he built He is vitally interested in the skit they gave in last year’s nual affair (Write and tell us what gopd attendance on the part of the was declared meritorious, fhe Tro- heavy. However, lest there be any turned out to be, with a few search work on electric waves and show? There is to be another one you think of the idea). Again the Mechanicals, coupled with “G. A.’s” phy would be returned. half-formulated plan ffoating changes, the multibarmonograph, wave analysis and has averngod group of them this year. new play is to be staffed by the indisputable connection with the The issue wa.s tossed back and around to do a repeat performance which can calculate how far one four hours a day at his work. The only parts which have been students, and directed by them. school aftd alleged rumors of fav- foith across the campus over the (Continued on page 4) atom is from another in substances —Oaily TeaCMA',
^ ^ -ij
Ptr H.Dtf
Wednesday. September 24.1941
‘'W
TheLe^mSpnaki
WM ••sir-.'
«@-'v''
^itorial !$ a reprint from the Chlcaffii Opily News.*,
The position taken by the American Legion at its Milwaufee cofmremtion o^cts cheering evidence that n considerable portion; of the American populace has at last emerged from ’ the Never-Never Land of wishful thinking, and has come to gi^ iwiM the World of ine^pahle r^ ‘ a hoi^, the Legion is better informed on the status of
AreYouAYZXi? Siiice the first hour of registration the students of the University have been besieged-
•■'.me ..;w-
, red as flecond cIobb matter at the post office in Ijafay-: ette.TindlanB.'under the act of Congresa of March 3, 1879, and at the spetial rate of postage proyided for in section 1103, act of October 3,, IfllJ, .jautfeoyfeed .Janjwry ZO, ISZZ, PuMtehed daily except Monday 4uring.the regular academic year and •wk^lv during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for ;?3.60 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
N«4 A- .Ociiiltrss „...,...;..,.....John L. fraugott Don S. Powers
^NO BEAR It
Editor-in-chief News Editor , iBusiness Manager......:.,........,,....!]
t^ublicRfion Staff
co^iiistlihtly iii^ged strengthening of Gur Army, Navy and Air cations trying to sell tickets, in^h^rships, for^V-^not with a warlike purpose in view, but with the firm and subsmptions. Newcomers to Purdue listconviction that a strong defense would insure us against fu- to ea,ch and every sales talk, but the more ture wars. When the Legion, declares, ‘We have confidence experienced have learned to turn a deaf |ar. inland pledge pur suppbt-t to our government, our President, ^ Department ahd our Navy Department,” the general whose arguments are well worth pot)uih(^ should be reassured, ' ing^and ca^futly considering Jhey are Jp The men of the Legion are not war mongers. They have engineering societies on this tasted the bitter fruits of war and know how bitter they can campus, the American Society of Meclmnical be. But neither are the men of the Legion'believers in peace Engineers, the American Institute of Chemat any price. They know the folly of that course. Their expres- Engineers, th^ American Institute pf Sion of confidence in the actions of the President and those di- Electrical Engineers, the Americ^ ^Ciety pj reeily responsible for our defense prograin is an effective Civil Engineers, the American Institute of an^r to the isolationist and obstructionists. Mining pd Metallurgical ^iheers, and toe But toe most significant paragraph'in the Legion’s Milwau- Society of Automotive Engineers. These„ stttk^ credo is that dealing with a possible American expedition- organizations are integral parts of the ary force’ national societies, whose membership in“The ability to carry war, when unavoidable, to our enemy, eludes toe outstanding engineers in the coupand thus prevent him from bringing toe war to us (is a basic , ' . . „ . , a
element of our national defense). This ability will require ^ Membership in a professional society P^^ . ' . . rekoval of all geographic limitations on movement of forces f^rs an excellent opportunity for intimate scriptfcns to toe society mapzine and other and adequate provisions for corresponding plans and mater- ^^^^t^ct with the engineering profession. En- publications, use of engineering libraries, par-
' ;■ gineering students should want to take part tieipation in research projects, and use of em-
Here toe Legion disposes of the crocodile-tear hypocrisy of engineering activities, know other engi- ployment services for summer positions and the obstructionists who have tremoloed that under no circum- participate in the jobs after graduation. stances must a single American boy he sent to fight on for- Promotion of their profession. All of these are It is even more important today that engieign Soil The men of toe Legion fought on foreign soil. They possible through membership in such an or- neering students associate themselves with fought alongside Frenchmen who; were lighting oh toe -^ii ^^^izatipn. , . their society, since engineers are key men in
of their homeland. They know that if wars must be fought. One of the big advantages of JPining an en-* it is desirable that they should be fought iP the enemy terri- S|neering society now is that m^t of them tory where only enemy homes, and fields and resources, will ^ ow^ student members to acquire national be destroyed and where enemy civilians—-not homefolk—-will oiembershlp without the payment of an initi-
ation fee. Other benefits to be derived are sub-
'UanaglnK Editor!... .•;..,..;....;...;...1.6!alia W. Riiffnct Associate Editors ; 3. F. 4^Dao3);J. H. Armstrong, p. T. Brophy, B. L." Hadley, F. I. Jones, E. 0. Kiqper.
BuRiness Staff
Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R. B. Saxton:; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W.
D. Millard. Co-ad'Staff
(Editor— — Euth Hose Associate Editors : MaJi/K. ^BdVhton, Alice Chatfleld.
Sporta Staff
Editor.. ,,...,;.,......Pha C. Johnson , Associate Editors: 0-^.”Clatfk,‘'J. fi. Fraser; J. S. Keeler. Phones: Ediforiai and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792; fdltotial After 10 P. M., SB77 ■ Eepresented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Bepr«sentativ«s, 420 : i^adison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For ThislRsue
Night Editor: Kieper i- Hay Editor:, Chatficld Issue Editor: Squires - l^ight Sports Editor: Fraser . Reporters; Elberts, Kumlander, Stettertbenx, Summers, liun- ' tor, Ro.quemor.e, Ahrens, Nordeen, Laver, Hass. Sports Reporters : D. M. Shryer, B. W. Dcmar, W. H. Cassady.
(A
suffer the horrors of war. It is so axiomatic a precept that it is incomprehensible that any crackpot should advance any other vibw. Yet a portion of the American populace has been deluded and browbeaten into believing a fight in defense of our shores, on our shores, is a noble fight, while a fight away from home is an unspeakable evil. The Legion is not deceived. The
Legion knows. •
Equally significant is the Legion’s action in tabling the resolutibn that would condemn our aid to Russia. Certainly there is no organization in toe world whose members are more opposed to the tenets of Communism than are the members of the American Legion. They have fought these tenets at every
national defense and are receiving more ^and more special privileges each day. Here is an opportunity for students to identify themselves as members of a profession that is ex-
tremely important to bur country.
^The 3.93 ...to 1
not as a surprise that his latest composition—‘Fluid Drive’—^was inspired by a ride, in his.new car.” Advertised are Bob Strong,“Gollege Humor,” “Uncle Walter’s Dog House,” the song, and the Chrysler Corporation. Can you beat it ?
WGN . 720 - NBC
“You know I’ll do anything to get on the front pages, Ned, but I won’t bite a dog!”
Wfisley Foundatwin WiU Hold Tryouts For Play Second try-outs for a one-act play, “The Faithless,” wifi be held at 7 o’clock tonight at the Wesley Foundation, 116 Sheetz Street. The play, to be given October 19, will be the first Wesley Players’ production of the year. According to Luther Crec, president of the Wesley Players, the try-outs are • open to everyone inr terested in dramatics and no previous experience is necessary. Those interested will be supervised by Beth Ludberg, director of the play. w.s. Subscribe To Ypili Caiiibu^ »
0
..SipiiySOuStnith Desl Halban, distinguished Viem
^ , .X nese soprano heard Saturdays over We got a note today from the NBC-R, is the daughter of Selma
turn. They have been denounced as “Red baiters” mad “alarm- president of MHHW club. Chuck Radio Review " jCurz, one of the greatest European ists” ; but they have not relented. Nor did they relent at Mil- ^®^bng up that contrary to coipraturasofa}i time, partieularwaukee. Despite their aversion to Uommunism and everything -a , t ly noted for her ability to hold k it honnotes the men of toe Legion are realistic enough to ^ Hearts, Bob Hope, the noted nutobiogra- trill for 25 seconds. Shucks, we’ve
It c,oniiO.Les, tue men oi me n.egiun are xeaiibLic enuugu lo ^^t a charter member .of the pher, golfer, movie actor—-and rarealize that Russia, today, is fighting on our side, and that MHHW. Incidentally, the . MHHW dio comedian—will return to the eveiy day the Russians hold off the Nazi advance is a day stands for the My Heart Has air this evening at 8 p.m. over gained in our race to prepare. Wings club. Gad, what’s this cam- NBC-R. Appearing with Hope ^n - eSo - nbc For realistic, unemotional appraisal of toe situation and coming to ? , -the initial program will be Jerry Kay Kyser fans, it seems, go in
for the formulation of a program to meet it, toe American ^ ^ P^°p1«’ Skiunay Ennis’ orchestra, for livestock presents for the NBC. _ . , . , . , , , 1 Tj j. 1 ,1 here it is: oix Hits and a Miss, and Frances R network star. Not so long ago
Le.gion has set a high standard. Its action should prove a pow-: erful influence to those who have been led astray in their
First regular meeting of the Purrdue Flying Club will be held tonight at 7:30 o’clock in r^oom 263 of the Union. All prospeiitivc and former membej's are urged to attend, officers stated, as there will be a brief discussion, of the club’s activities, both opeiytional and functional. Headlining the program will be Dr. E. L. Kelly of the psychology department, who will discuss private flying. The Flying Club is a member of the National, Intercollegiate Flying^ Club and Frank Habicht, president of the local'club is a regional vice president of the NIFC. j.e.n.
heard singers hold a note for What
seemed like 25 minutes.
DO YOU NEED MONEY? We are now appointing our college agents' tor 1940-1941 . 'Very profitable spare-time work. Apply at once. State class and activities. Dept. C. N., Marlboro Co.. T.02 Fqltpn St. Now York City
thinking by obstructionists, opportunists and deluded vision-
aries.
Mustache Rules
satire on a new book, “They Got Me Covered,” written by, of all
people. Bob Hope.
How’s this for plugging: “Bob Strong, maestro, of ‘College Humor’ and ‘Uncle Walter’s Dog House’ shows, could probably get rhythm out of an egg-beater, so it comes
here it is:
There was a little girl Who had a little curl Right in the middle of her fore-
head.
When she was good
She was very very good. And when she was had
Boy, was she popular.
1. Any removing of mustaches or portions thereof that is ^ast Saturday, Alpha Chi Betty d(^e by any person or persons other than the wearer thereof Hutchinsmadethemistakeof washwiH be done with safety razors only. ing her hair in those beautiful 2. There will be nO mustache shaving or its preliminaries shorts of hei;s and drying at miy time within any University building, ihcluding the Res- ®ut m the^baek yard. The result ., w IT • • 01 which, of course, was that a Idence rta lS. couple'of Lambda Chis led by Jack
3. Any such toav^ing which does take place will occur with- Roberts came over and bodily kid- '—' ' ■ ' in the following time limU'S only: from 12 o’clock noon of .the napped her thinking that she would whose picture is adorning the cover Thursday preceding the first home footiball game until 12 o’- a wonderful decoration for of the Agriculturist this month, is clock noon of the day of that game, but in no c^e earlier than during thmr noon causing a lot of comment around 8 a.m, nor later than'6 P:m. : > ' meal. Alpha Chis note: that’s a campus these days. We even got a Non-conformance to this time regulation by residents of \enre^sentinff^ the'^^N^lT^T through the mail about her^ private property when within the .limits of such -property, or type of sophistication on-this cam- to know about-her was--this-title residents of fraternity or cooperative houses when within pus, we have Gindy “Bootnose” from her home state that she^s such houses will not be prosecuted, but will be done solely at Hague of the Chi O’ House. Ind- got. Seems as though it’s gQtaomethe Ti^'Of such persons. dentally, Gindy thinlis that Sig Ep thing to do with a Most Intefest4. Violators of these rules will be tried before a special com- Keeler is mg Mouth, or something. Haven’t maffee of Ihe Student Senate, such committee to tuke action for Alpha Chi Bunny Edwards to Get on the ball, people, and let’s in cases of guilt. look out for. have some contribs. What do you
• ' ' Seems as though Lee Bosspng, say? See you later.
Langford, who becomes the regu- Kyser received a .maveriek as a gift lar singing star of the prdgram. from Mayor Maury Maverick of Details of Hope’s first broadcast Antonio, Texas, and now ian unwere hard to learn, but it’s report- identified fan has come up with a
ed that the show may include a couple of turtles.
Each turtle is identified by the name printed on the shell. They arrived at NBC Hollywood packed in individual boxes along with packages of feed. (Note: This is not an feditorial for “The Committee to Send Kay Kyser All of Purdue’s Pigs).
Everything for a College Education
Or. Paul A. Risk Dr. Luther A. Risk Dr. Harold J. Risk — DENTISTS — 400-404 3cjiutz Bldp. 4tii and toain .SL Lafayette ;
H^fman^eak For food jCampaign H. J. Reed, director of the Agricidtural," Exlension Department, and De^ of the School of Agriculture, an^ L. .E. Hoffman, associate director, spoke to the agricultural extensic^ st^ff Monday in Agricultural > Haii. The topic of their speeche# wa^ the “Food For Freedom” ^rr^ig^ in the United States, p The plans increased production ..of hogs, cheese, milk, tomatoeii Epi.-other foodstuffs by Ameriesfn j^i^prs. This program to fulfil) doj|ipptic demands and Great B|itaSh*8 nepds was foripulated at a i2-state farm parley called last Th^i-sday and Friday in Chicago bji: Secretary of Agriculture Claude ^. Wickard, Ag’15. Reed and Hoffman were also present at me meetji^g with several other nl^rahers 'of the Uniyersity fsTCulty.^he agricultural extension seJ'Vices' in each state are to handle the edTtotional problems involved In the “Food for' Freedom” campaijrn. fe.
Patty Berg (Continued from page 1) in direct line of fire of one of Miss Berg’s drives. ‘ Patty believes the game of golf is 85 per cent mental and 16 per cent physical. She also emphasized a comfortable putting position and advised a .left handed person to play golf right handed because of the natural strength of their left hand and the stress put upon the left hand in the swing. Advice To Beginners For most people who wish to take up golf, but can’t spend much jnoney, Patty advises the purchase .of brassie, putter, and irons number three, five and seven. She has the most trouble with a two iron and finds the seven iron the easiest. Patty advises beginners to coiicentrate on short “chip” shots until moi e power and control are gained. At 4 o’clock Miss Berg engag'ed in a foursome with George Dahl, •Charley Curran, two members of tiie Riveter varsity golf te^m,' and Kathleen Gannon, a freshman-lSrom. West Lafayette, on the new University golf course, o.t.c,
'■t
Do You Want a Tiefo^ to the
See Page 4
ADULT Tap class OPEN bIegjhner's Wed., Seph 24, 6:30 p. m. ADVANCED Tltufs., Sept. 25, 6:30 p. m. PHONE 2150
J«iie0A»WELL*Syd9qiE0NARD
LASTiTIMES TODAY
NOW PLAYING
mO D E N I N S I D E
HOW SHOWING
THI MOST TALKJED ABOUT tlLM OF THE DECADE!
T/ie/<3errM^Aet«tt loMrt Crt^a » Dptalliy CwICMii SO DIFFERENT IT SHOULD BE 'SEEN FROM TtfB -
—LAST TIA#S TODAY-
ALSO 'WHITE EAGLE," Serial
THURS. - FRI. - SAT. WYOMING WILDCAT GREAT Swindle .. iCAPT MARV*4 FIRST RlilN NEWT”^
HEALTllFUlaiY'sipOQti' LUMA LAST PAY , - 2 NITS
Thurs. - Fri. - Sat. - 2 Hits JOHNNY MACK B&OWiN i„
Vlifll fe-i: ALSO
HElffiffcAaclrtoNHeiSM mUitiliSg'
>f
UST
f s> <
iWta^esdkt^, ‘UepimtHo^ ,t€.
i¥
^ 4* ■«* V "1 % ^ ^ #f
♦vn'otf* 'Ex^otiEirr
u 't^.
\
i-f \f<
!'»'#. H»‘ ■e'-i
£
hy Fhil^J^ohnson —^
• Another Qolf Star At f urdue
'r'^*'?r H A ■';l, , y ^ , " ' ^ YahderSilf iqir- Good Elwafd Drills HiVCil^S <1^'-'ss_'*f^'i*‘f ii*«'1. H’j r /\ »ii^*ML‘i4 Clajm Footban Expeits Strategy For Opener min
A TAtinfif of fair to ffood will b6,4h® tafi tihat Idle YaaadeaffeiJt / L ». . 1 -*
vf M
%
A rating ^ b6.thi© tag tiiat the yanfleaffeiit team w01 orii^g wifab them" as they invade RosS*Ade Stadium
M ipelfi'oW-^S^iwt should’ be getting a'reputation for this coming Saturday afternoon. Most ejcperts give the Coipit should be for having so many of the g^tlfwg world’s greats viskhig mpdores a higher fating than ffpm fj^ir to gpod# bjut pp fhe the campus. For th* P»st two yearp the campus has beeri graced with pasis Of last year’s recoTd ihis iS hpfd to See* ! '
the best of the male stars at the annual golf clinics—Giddhbp Smith, one -Viekpoint ' Revolta, Sarazen, and many others lending color to the ocpasions nation’s football »eriBut for the fii^st time m Boilermaker history^ the ujueen of.goM ^^icals rates the Nashville team as terday piadp a visit to the campus. Few p,erBonswhh saw her exhibitio«i «gtKong^_ Commo"have any doubts as to the reason she is the nation’s top-flight professional want a tailback ?fho can call
woman golfer. ^ '
W^i^ksr Sp?^
Last year’s record waS one of the pnoresit an many a season for the
si^ials. More spares woudd be useful, too. But the attack is ball-bear-ingand ^ould make up for much.”
There were several of the perennial golf fans of the campus who This is not the most optiimSl^c prosaay F-attar give her -repertoire of the variotis j^ots, but who admit that ^ 1 lier ability as a golfer equals if not foreshadows that of many of the ^
great pros.
'Although the rumor around the course j^ePday afternpon tjjint Patty h^ birdied the last <five holes of the new golf course her first time
arpund proved erroneous, she did display some very fine golf in her Commodores. They lost to such exhibition match with Captain Cnrrdn and Pahl of the Boilermaker f as Georgia Tech, L.S.U.J Aiagojf squad. ^ ibama, and Tennessee while defeat-
ing only Sewanee and W.&L. The freshman team, however, did much fhe opposite by winning fhelr only three starts. One of their victories jwas over the Tennessee frosh who
fine meeting it was, certainly giving indication that the plan to replace not to be sneezed at con-
th^ obsolete SAA with an up to date and truly representative organiza- sidering recent Vol tqams. tion was a good one. Speed?
iln addition to carrying on the activities of the former SAA, President Scanning the weights of the VanDick Raney and the members of the Council have planned a program derbilt team hriqgs out an aver^ which will indeed stamp the organization as pne of the most impoitant USC of 1&5 pounds in fhe Ime and and vital of-any cm fjhe campus. pounds in the backfield. Al-
though these averages are not im
jjS^E^t.tjba.Tbcun Presenting ,
-^r ijiitijij'. I 111 iir itii.riiit,^u^ f ’ITiT
• Youngcisf' Caimipus Activity—PAC
Yesterday nfternocsn the Purdue Athletic Council, the youngest activity on the campus, held ks initial meeting of the year. And )a very
Sopho^mes Push R^ul^ MackfieU
^ Elvyard 8i]Ri|^^nta.said,
^ ... . a ,gaw,for .tte fast,
Bobter y«^ SwKi . J=K?==
. if- ag#Mtf!nofk»es. sa^,
T 1- '4! 4.i. 1 • laed the fegtas the thou-tied-forjaecond-j^ca.^ , ,
W^of foHwers-dttheSat.
men through da^Jr wm-kouts, The fime ^ 650. Secend-hi«heafc,eSm swimmers have the longest season ,Handicaj®ed rk»the aiwfcyaf ^e bowled fey Dr- A. J. .Ultetnip and of any of the athletic teams, start- season heoauae jof thetdimit«d'ipra«- the highest individual game Jw Q.
mg them tVorkouts m Beptember tice sessions-Waadble^pBlWard‘has p. Allen, and continuing without a let UP un- been foneed to place tmormemPhasis^
til early in May. ©n early conditioning^-fff ^ squad Bt«h t«ub Set*. Veteran Team and as a resqlt-evei^-praefcice pe- An^i^’H^b. 7 ~ The varsity squad is bolstered by ^p to last .^a^eday’s‘tusSle „ _:I"1 night minor and six major letter- ^h'h the freshmen -h^ wound up .Bh^h ^ae. *S€i». men who have returnedi Captain ^th an extended .nerimipage de- ”bv < ~
Pick Kratzer and Jack Carney ®i?“ed to acqmnplish this. SpWue.l
Weftkflmp u. X.,. ~ - ^ .
m
head the list pf free stylers. ^ Joe This weeky however, 'there has y*, Williamson, a junior, will be one of been a change in cpolicy and in'the best breast strokers in the tensive scrimmage >has^keen. ruled An^t Htab ™ - I ....
Western Conference this year, and Odt in favor of a more directed
'Rb lingley also is a key man in scheme to-steqi Wandelfbilt’s diver- — jthis department. Other men who pifidd attack., Naturally, being ,a S>^Bue —IIX-IT-T
will be counted on heavily are Herr, member of .the -Southern iOflhool of ^'‘vekey
Anderson, Prank and Bcanner. fpqtball, the Commodores will be I.EAGUE STAKfDiN^^
Papenguth also is expecting P^^^ie to use the wide open game H^hway Hesearch much from his sophomores who in mmd that yesterday’s 'che»r.Bpgr. " have come up from the strongest Boilermakers and,it is . I freshman team in Boilermaker his- jplanned. 2 _ tory. John Pilley, ace back stroke?, fuss Defense Genial -stores ” and Vern Hansel, middle distance With picked teams playing the ^ecitsttion
'gr efeem 3 _ tech. 'Engr.
--4I*
• ^Come And Get 'Em! f pressive, they do indicate that the Bob Kersey
' , Commodore team may he fast. 'This _ j
ft’s awfully easy to get a duent to the famous Indiana-Purdue tilt is borne out in part by the person of ^ Clark ^ and Vern Hansel, middle distai^e With picked teajns ploying the thjs year free for nothing—and as a guest of Ye Olde Bxponent. It sophomore Jerry Moore, Arkansas He’s a likable chap, this Bob men, were better than the varsity ^oles, many -ajscmie that will itake just takes ten subscriptions to get that privilege, a light afternoon’s fiigh school sprinting and punting Kersey, and doesn’t confine his in- men in th^ respective events last place next Saturday was previewed i
star of two ye^rs ago. Also in Hie terests to the football field. Bob year, while LaBaw, Frrickson, when the ..squad swas cent through Forestiy _ -. backfield are Binks Bushmair and chairman of Sigma Pi so- Hirsch, Nourse, Snyder, and Sneed an extended passing,drill with 4he cSs^'z Junius Plunkett, who with Moore fraternity and worked at two are better than average sophp- accent placed upon the defense, Extension may be spectacular. 3ohs this summer. He was a life mores. ^ Immediately following the pass Eiec?*©?^. i With the success of the Com- the Lafayette Country Divers _ drill the.^tire team whs gathered j _
Club pool for six weeks and finished jn the divitur densTH^mpnt.. the ^“S^^aer m .order to-go over a »e- ^ennstry
jaunt.*
f.
Aleet
the
In our “College CoOp”...learn what the »well'dressed man abput the campus will and won’t be wearing this season. Get the lowdown on football and listen in on the Fraternity gossip ... incidentally let us give you a hand in rounding up the wearables fo into your own kit-.-wher-evre you’re off to... SUITS SHIRTS TIES HOSE They All Go Up Together ... they’ve got a theme-song and it’s harmony... Still time to get your Senior ,
CLOTPaUES SHOP
Sports Briefs
modores bearmg heavily on the In the diving department, xne , “ , Pharmacy „
Max Schmelmg, now a sergeant gopj^oj^^o^es no one can yet doom or vacation by driving tractors j,uik of the work will rest on the ^ Vanferbilt plays that Agr^. sta. in the nazi parachute corps, still establish such a question mark elev- Indianapolis agency. sophomores. Herman Bauer, John- ™ oubte y will be thrown their chem i — _ -
en as Vanderbilt. This might not He was graduated from Washing- ny Jeungst, and Ted Nordquist have two teams meet. cf^”i^r ~ ~ have been the story if Daniel,*sen- Jbdiauapolis, shown great promise and will be +1,^ if ^ defense sational backfield ace, would have ''vhere he excelled on the gridiron, expected to gather many points for * , ' * j.. ^ ^ Boder- Gheim. 2 a,=._ _. — returned instead of shipping himself the basketball court and the cinder t^e Riveters. Nordquist may also makers'thm week and to be stressed Set To D^e _ off to West Point during the sum- P^ths. surprise in the hvoast stroke. e in m u alignment that High To Daip mer. Handy Man ^ Papenguth has issued a call out -^1 ^ to perform mtrWw&W G^m.
“Red” Carter was a team mate „ •+ ij- • >the< face of, any defense thrown of Bob’s at Washington. Quarter- for all freshmen interested m swim- against .him'. As Mai remarked,
hopes to return to America after the
A.
war is over and reclaim the heavy
weight title.
a ’ -i * a „ _*>
2
_ _2 2 2 „ -.a - -2
2
_2
2
JL
1 1
__X -- > 1 „ 1 1
A
„ 1 ~ l 1
t
Johnny Rucker, outfielder for tjhe
New York Giants, is a nephew of , the famous Nap Rucker, old time Str^n^g Center
major league star. ,
Kemmer
^gh -Tnd. Weekly Sets To
’’'Kemmer
_2^ Edit.
I t
fc
X 1
1. .1'
I
t lX I a 1 z £ St
2
a z
2
2
2
iZ 2 zm 880 2h
■ \JX O av TT CVOXlXiXg UUllo , 4. 4. 4.1* 1 • XI. -«r '>XV.CVUUiC» The team’s strongest point is the back is a relatively new assignment a ^ ^ „V_
Mel Ott, perennial young paan of National League outfielders, egme into the league when he was 16 and was the last player John McGraw
middle of the line, with such stars" for Kersey since coming
to the tonigM atT:S0. Already againsjt a set defense only to have weekly Isiiico fo D^e
as Bob Gude at center and Joe Atkinson and Wall Powell at guard. Gude was All-Conference center last year and is picked by many for All-
Boilermaker institution. In high
some of the Rhinie stars have been
workmg out in the pool.
a new one'to face at the stant of
Kemmer UUstrup Sprague
-"--"lift -3SS
33Z „202
fought as manager of the old Giants. American this year, w.h.c.
IM Schbedbxle
‘For you if you live,.. ^ For your family if ou don’t.’ NATE PAULUS '' f (Purdue ’39) UNIT MGR—THE UNIVER^TT AGENCY 2ohn, dtamoch, MUTUAL ^ LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
PHONE 4430
418 S. GRANT ST,
school he performed at center and the .next quarter is xjuite likely to end and in the backfield. Bob was Hoy whom become confused and ragged in one of the fifteen men to win the P^Pengnth o^ects to break worW’s ^^beir play. To illustrate the point, Flirdue Trophy in his senior year ® ® ® ^ m Vanderbilt has been known to em-
and made honorable mention for was captain of the Lane Tech ploy as many as four different dO’ Wediiea4w. 8wteiph*r zx All State. squad m Chicggo and^ a member of fgnsive foirpiations in a single game, court •* 4 ns p-m.
Last season Bob was on the in- American swimming team, .^ybich makes it'necessary for the jurThST f„ apre=?S.irpSt f Cr«k, Mch- ^ y Of the time. He suffered a blood ^gan who wa^'numher mm man on Backfield Juggling clot and a pulled tendon in his lee:, American medley teatn is ^ aftermath of last Satur-
but reported this fall in excellent!
shape and hopes to roll in high gear Feasible iihat
tional Y.M.C.A, diving champion ^ shiftyiig ^ro^nd of fhe hackfield for two years. men may bo soon forthcoming. Mgl Winter Trip was particularly impreased wiHi The season this year will again Hie play of fln^ee up -and eoxmng be featured by the annual trip to ball carriers in the pejrsons ofi Wab ^
He likes popular music as played Fort Laq'devdale, Florida, where Cook, halfback; Kenw Sm^, '*®£FLund must he over T«esdw. by Benny Goodman, Les Brown and they will participate in the national halfback and former Shortridge September ao. Vaughn Munroe and particularly aquatic clinic. The schedule in- High Sckopl stair; nod Pph Hisizyk, over Friday -Oetoher s.
through the Riveter eight star
schedule.
Likes Popular Music
The husky quarterback is an even six foot and weight 195 pounds.
AXX. CAMPUS TEIU43S
Dial 'VS Ohaarltoji. „ , J2 W Uudsin^ia vs F. Toumer ,pr J»
Cohen.
13 Rodgers vs Robipson or Soteb^- ^ 14 F. D. Martin vs Ross or 3. S. 'Sdlsj. 15 Sidweil or Arbesust vs Crofts pr >1
£[arnson«
16 Voth or Wells vs Fawcett or Bob ♦
Martin. „ i f 17 IPavis vs Hunt or ^tc^Xord. I FRATESJOTY GOU" T
Wednesday, September =H
18 holes match
Thpta Chi vs Sigma Chi. ^ Phi Gamma Ddta vs Theta i^an.? -i. '
Sigma Nv vs Peta Theta FJ. Phi iCappa Psi vs Helta Taii—Deita-
First round must he over Friday. Sep-
disbkes mnvaes with the happy end- plqdes such outstanding tqams as outstanding sophomore quarterback,
ing and all “lived happily ever aft- Michigan, Ohio State, and possjbly 7^0, according ^ Mai, has every diamond er” attitude. He warns Riveter op- JCepyon College, and Papengnfh indication of being a capable field 1 Acac
ponents that they must expect a looks^rward to the most success- general. r.W.d. tough game and,believes the team fuj c^aign ip BpUermaker jhia- J / , ,, . , ,
has excellent possibilities. ^ory. d.m.s.
SOFTBAX.D
Wedpesdkn SrpfshtbM ZX
See How i Exponent Can Get You a i FREE Ticket to the
See Page ' V /■ / 4 <!. '/ -
What ARi you pom mp YOUR lAUNDRY THIS YIAR?...
' Adi feeahmau iinpn students dntercsted >in drying nut fogr the fceahinun wrestling team please meet tolnight st iT^SO p. m. in room 107 of the Fieldhouse.
Johnny Hopp.bcrlliant youhg outfielder for the St. Louis Cardinals, is a brother of Harry Hopp, backfield star of the Nebraska Cornhusker team that played Stanford in last New Years Pay’s Rose Bowl game. ,
Acacia vs Eambda Ghc Aipha.-, 2 Pi Kppom Phi v3 Phi KliPPB. Pai.
3 Sigma Alpha Mu vs Delta Tau Delta. 4 Alpha Kappa Eathbda^va Chi
Rhp
5 Sigma Nu vs Theta CM, 7 Trian^ vs Phi -Kapns-S^wa. 11 Cary Hall 1 vs Cary ^sjl 8. 12 Cats'' Hall 2 vs Cary S13 Cary Hall 3 vs _Cary 19. 14 Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hail Ills Cary '^aU 5 vs Cfgx^^ll 12. 16 Alpha Tau Omega 'vs Alpha .Gamma Hho. - . _ 17 Cary Hall 6 vs Cary HaU JS. 18 Cary BaE 7 vs CaTy^HtUi 14,,^ All men students dntere^ed^ squash and eligible for varsity competititHi are urged to attend a meeting Thursday night at 7:15 p. m. ^ ^
Fieldhouse.
CourtsBy of Dartmouth “^sok-o-Laotera'*
A better method is to send it' home regularly by RailExpress—and have it returned the same way. ' Our service is fast, sure—and convenient. Economical rates include pick-up and delivery at no extra charge within our regular vehicle limits in all cities and principal towns. Your choice of pirepaid or collect charges. ' Just as convenient too,’for ’most any shipment: Baggage, gifts, cake or a pet flep|an|. . ^ ,
RAILWA
PHESS
lAGENCV^
I AMklAOMiWil'M mu-air SERVICE
HENRY POOR LUlkm. m
West Lafayette
dPlMMM HQIIS
Wt«t
/•
1. I■% •
j,; , September 23, 1941 ^wr^l^itor: ' t aim Just a freshman and iillli^ ttbi; supposed to know anything, t>^t there is one thing that' I would to understand. I came down im&OTO Kokomo to be an engineer ihd 'eo far I like Purdue very much. i4bw, as you may have already gathered, Kokomo is not exactly the IBrdadway and 42nd Street of In-' diana, so naturally I wais indeed delighted to come down here and dnd that your Memorial Union had dnieied upon a new policy of providing a big name band for each week’s Mixer whenever possible, vi In fact, the very first one was Bay XHerbeck whom I listen to whenever I can, from Chicago fhe ndyer comes to Kokonio). So I went bp to the. AWS Date Bureau and filE^ed up for a partner to squire to this .ajCfair, K’pw this date bureau business may not be ,what- it p craekpd up to be* but even if my data'did look like a Kentucky snagtpptii and danced like a lanxe duck, abb jat least knew enough not to huip in my ear, so I was able to listen to the band. So I asked’ her again the next week to hear Del Gpiirtney and last week to hear BotbbyjByrne. Gee! Did I listen! '^ut now. Mister Kditor, here’s wfipt’s bothering me. Sy now I am' tickied pink with the eleg’ant social fjinctions that the Union is throwing, so I have been waiting all .week to find out who is going to play for the next one so I can invite ht'r again. Then 1 thought, oh boy, wtf have a football game this week-end and with it the senior cord dance, and-so, judging from the performances of the last few weeks, the band that they import for this clamba^b should really be a super duper. Then I reaUy got excited and got up put of bed and went downstairs tq read my copy of the Exponent to ibe if they had let out the secret ypt. They had. Max Greer. So I said to.myself, who the hell is he? So asked around all day on campus, not wanting to display my ignortmee (I thought maybe he was a liew powerhouse eastern band like (^lann Miller only Kokomo hadn’t ^eaTdjahout him yet) but only one bold fpllow hesitantly offered me the information that he thought he chme from Indiana University. .What is there to this, Mister Editor? Do We swap campus bands with lU for bur opening football games <when a lot of people want tp dance, and save wear and tear on the name bands for less strenuous occasions ? Srp they going to bring a top flighter Jn to play on Christmas Day? If that is the way they run things herb at the Union, then I think a peachy band for the Sophomore Cotillion would be Irv Given, with Idaury Mahn for Prom. Please write or phone mb and let me know (I’m home every night after four, writing up my chemistry assignment) because, after all, Mr. Editor, a.dollar is a dollar and I like to spend money as well as anyone else, but it would be a good idea to kind of watch the schedulq and have the name bands here when there is a real good occasion. Don’t think ;ihat I don’t like the
Freshman Peiitions
Wtji' Li)unKe of thiioh ExihdttiWiSi Stud^ts 24 at 6 p.m. --McOULLOUGH/ worked BiyinB physical tnmminatlon
for AWS Executive NoticSS
“His excellency requests that all treaties and pacts be written on ordinary paper hereafter—-he has great difficulty tearing up those written on parchment!”
campus bands' becausp/I do, but I think I got l^uilt upan awful let down. Incidentally/ Mig.ter Editor, you know /more /people than me around heje, so why don’t you call up the Umon and ask them what the bell is the big^^ idea ? Thanks a lotrYours/for better dances,
L.M.S. ■
Xi Sigma Pi Sponsors Frosh-Sopho Smoker JJfanderbilt, a team which has been' practicing under the gruelling heat /)f a southern sun for a week longer, than our team, will be a tough; Gp.ponent in the game Saturday, according jto Mel Taube, backfield coach. • Mel was the speaker at the Xi Sigma Pi, national forestry honorary, smoker last night in the East' Faculty Lounge of the Union. The smoker was for the freshman and sophomore foresters and staff. Mel also explained many of the plays of the team and the new rules that have been made for collegiate foot-
balL
Xd Sigma Pi is composed of juniors and seniors who have been outstanding in the field of forestry in their freshman and sophomore years, and the staff members, j.d.s, Prospect'iye Sophomore Debafers To Meet Today Additional call-out fo rsophomore debate managers will be held this afternoon in room 302 of the Union at 4 p.m. to give those students who had baseball games scheduled yesterday afternoon a chance to participate in this activity. Bruce Lawler, senior manager, will explain the activity, its work, requirements, and chances for pro- , motion, b.w.s. Bob Sherman Receives Stamp Show Awards Originality of exhibit, and a colorful collection of first day covers won two first place awards for Bob Sherman of the Alpha Kappa Lambda fraternity, in the fifth annual Stamp Show of the Lafayette Philatelic Society which closed Mon-
day.
Local Students Who Ride Bicycles Must
if
Get License Plates All students who live in Lafayette or West Lafayette and who ride bicycles', must have them registered, according to Chief of Police, Bunrs, The licenses can be obtained at the Police office on Northwestern Ave. by students who live in West Lafayette. The licenses cost 25 qfents and will be issued from ^ a.m. any day until 5 p.m. The applicant for a license must have the serial number of the vehicle, the color, and the name in order to receive his plates. Students living in Lafayette can obtain, their plates at the City Hall from 3:30 until 6:30 p.m. on weekdays and from 1 until 4 p.m. on Saturdays. The plates are free in Lafayette. j.d.s. ,
Board Due Saturday ipreshma^ .coeds who wish to be eligible for’ a representative position on the A.W.S. executive board must turn in their petitions at the ■West desk of the Union or directly td Agnes McCullough at W. R. H. North, by Saturday. Elections are scheduled for Wednesday, October 1, when two coeds will be elected by the freshmen from the petitioners, Signatures of 26 Freshman coeds must accompany the petition of the following form: We the undersigned do hereby nominate ———-—— for the position of freshman representative on the A.W.S. Executive Board' for the year 1941-42. The executive board of A.W.S. includes the office of president, vice president, and secretary; a junior, sophomore, and two freshman representatives, elected by popular vote of all coeds, several appointed committee members, and the coed heads of important campus activities.e.h.a. Alpha Zeta To Give
A
Program For Frosh
Alpha Zeta, agricultural honor-
ary, will hold its annual reception for' freshman agriculture students tomorrow evening at 7:30 in the
livestock judging pavilion. The reception is designed to ac-
quaint incoming freshmen with faculty members, upper classmen, and the various activities in the agriculture field which are open to them as freshmen. Faculty members and representatives of all agriculture
service clubs will be present. Don Brinkerhoff with his ven-
triloquist act will be featured on the entertainment part of the program. Refreshments will be served following the entertainment. Bob Swaim, president, announced, b.w.s.
m-
Exponent Sophomoresi New men pre «s* signed to nights as follov^s—Eckstein, Mop* day, Wednesday; Kimbrell, Ijitdpdpy, Wodnesday! Bhcvcll, Monday, Friday ; Start, Monday, Thursday; Wells, Monday, Wednesday : Glaspie, Monday; Friday; Summers, Tuesday, Thursday; Kumiander, Thesday, Thursday; Allemang, Tuesday, Saturday; Glass, 'Wednesday, Saturday. , —RUFFNEB Exponent Sophomore Coeds: Work schedule is posted in. office. Please check and report on'days assigned. —BOSE Students Eligible for N. Y. A.: Inquire at Playshop business office, Fowler Hall, about available N. Y, vA. jobs in connection with.^ dramatics. —CABMICHAEL Freshmen Engineers: Seating assignments for engineering lectures to be held in Fowler Hall are posted near the. front entrance on the ground floor in Michael Golden Shops.. —W. A. KNAPP Military Code Classes: Extra-curricular code instruction will be Conducted by the military department again this year for any male students interested. Announcement of the schedule will be made the last week in October. j —BURIMART. Purdue Agriculturist: Freshman and sophomores caU out Wednesday, September 24. AH those interested in editorial, business, and circulation staffs, report to room 118 of Agriculture Hail. No previous journalistic experience required; many opportunities open. —SNYDER Modern Dance Club: Practice Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 4 p.m." and Thursday at 7 p.m. every week. —SEBBAN Pi Kappa Psi: Important meeting of all members Wednesday, Sept. 24 at 7:30 p.m. in room 306 of the Union. —SCOTT Scabbard and Blade: Meeting. Wednesday, . September 24, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. AH members will be there as important plans are to be discussed. —SULLIVAN., AWS Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday, Sept. 24 at 7:30 p.m. in AWS office. —McCULLOCH WAA: Tennis practices every Tuesday and Friday. Tournament scheduled in the next two weeks. Three practices needed to participate. —STIGEBWALD Freshmen: AH those interested in freshman swimming meet at pool in Field House Wednesday, Sept. 24 at 7:30. —PAPENGUTH Flying Club: Anyone interested in joining the Flying Club please attend open meeting Wednesday, Sept. 23 at 7:30 p.m. in room 263 of the Union. Old members please be present. —HABICHT Managers: Meeting of all ward managers and prospective managers a t fieldhouae Wednesday, Sept. 24 at 7:30 p.m.
—FRANK
Student. Art Guild; Meeting Wednesday, Sept., 24 in'Union Puttering Shops at 7 :15 p.m. Interested students not present at meeting last Wednesday are invited to attend and join the Guid tonight. -^PAEKS Ail Senior Women: Meeting in West Fac-
’<■ Purdue Religious Council: Meeting Weflliesday. Sept. 24 at 7:80.! p.m. in Room 68 -of Union.. . , . —HAMILTON debris Salesmen: Important meeting in Business Office Wednesday, Sept. 24 at 4 p.m. Be therjC.' —ADAMS Purdue Players: There will be pn .important meeting of the executive board Thursday, Sept. -26 at 4 in Fowler Hail.
—KECK
Purdue Student Housing Corporation: Meeting Thursday, Sept. 26 at 7:80 p.m. in room 366 of Union. AH members of Shoemaker, Kncale, and Rochdale are expected to attend. —KLINE Senior ME Students: Mass meeting Wednesday, Sept. 24 at 4 p.m. in £qpm 108 ME Building. —GREGORY Registration Workers: Students who worked for Military Dept, during regis-. tration may obtain pay chocks in Supply Office of Armory. —BROWN Independent Staff: Meeting Wednesday, Sept. 24 at 7:80 p.m. in PlA nfficc. AH members please attend. —THOMPSON Skull and Crescent: Meeting Wednesday, Sept. 24 at 7:30'p.m. in room 303 of Union. —MENKE
Worked giving physical ■ tnmmlnatlohs ttajig;,.; '/get their checks at Student Health Serweei■
■ ' j ' y . ' .
AlCbE: AH sbph’omqro, junior, and.-.«drt- f!v ior chemical engineers are'invited to h #‘ student-faculty snibker .8(1 7:80 p.m. .Yucs- r day, Sept.: SO in ,;west faculty loudke of ri Union'. Refre^hmertts.' -rrKRAYBILL / Agricultural Education Society: Meetihg i! Wednesday, Sept-'24 at 7 :S0 p.m. in room ' 802 Of Union. . —CONRAD
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding-machines, all makessold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph and multigraph vvork done. C. J: Ebershoff, 606 Main. Phono 2779, Lafayette. Lost: Brown Sheatfer eversharp pencil' last Friday. Call Hostctleb 8446. Reward: For Sale: Full dress suit, size.38. 4884.
.if
ItV good form.^. —to Mncf cjoUidA^
Let « greeting card carry your message—whether It be 0 word'of congratulations, an expression of sympathy, otokign. of thanks, or a greeting to bear good wishes.' These tokens of thoughtfulness and friendship Ieave~<i'» lasting impression on the minds of those who receive them,' end like a miaor, they reflect your individuality and good tastCt 7- To be sure that the cards you send are worthy repre* sentatives of your personality, choose them from our complete selection of Hallmark quality cards for all occasiOhSi^Nok finwjrards <wc made., - « • DECKER’S
518 Main St.
Phone 5036
your cards reflect your personality
Splash party, sponsored by WAA, will be held this afternoon from 4 to 4:30 o’clock in the Women’s gym. This is the initial swimming callout, and the program will consist of swimming games. Classes in swimming will be organized with Miss Russell and Miss Case instructing. The classes are: 4:00-4:30 — Monday — Advanced Swimmers. 4:00-4:30—Tuesday — Beginning Ballet. 4:00-4:30 — Wednesday — Advanced Ballet. 4:00-4:30—Thursday—Advanced Swimmers. 4:30-5:00—Monday and Wednesday—Practice for Swimihing Meets. 4:30-6:30^Monday through Fri-day-Open Swim.
Go to the
PURDUl-iyiilNA
The 1941 EXPONENT knows that you wont want to miss this outstanding game of the year. Here’s a chance for you to go FREE as the Exponent’s guest, all you have to do is sell ten suhscriptions between the dates, Sept. 22 and October 22; and a ticket to the game is yours.
Southworth’s
Russell Street
?/" f
Si^ior Season ‘ (Continued from page 1) on^last year’s snatch, let the writer qdititiph that Professor J. L. Bray, ' of the Chehiical Engineering '^hbofol; is parading around the cambelligerent and determined, sein the knowledge that the Tro-pl^-is ensconced in a steel safe, .bn®-protected from all attempts at JkbtaiiBlism and dramatic theft. Also ^ it^B'rbmored that he has been dickwith the Indiana State Police ' OTO oil Route p2 to secure the services of a bloodhound for the week- ' en)i-^-word to the wise (and cautious). The case of the “Rape of the ’J^ophy” has passed, into history. The program for the determination of the winner will be conducted similarily to that of last year. Skull and Crescent will again assemble 'bt the individual schools pi’eceding 4:hc pufAde and take Count of the attendant seniors. The tabulated reSiilks will be presented to the committee for judging, and the Trophy will again be awarded on the basis of; their findings. As a well-estab-lished member of the now ignoble ^Ochanicgls, we sincerely hope that Old mug will be returned to its"' place in the ME Hall of yiibe, but outside of that, we are ei^tirely impartial and wish to offer bromide of “may tiio ))est ool win.”
ioiii;[
Our store will close promptly at 6:00 p. m. Wednesday, September 24, for the annual steak-fry of all Southworth^s regular and part-time employees ! !
This occassion is an expression of appreciation for the splendid spirit, cooperation, and services of the fifty odd student helpers during school opening.
PlIRDi BOOK & SOPPll STORE
308.10 STATE ST. WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
Southworlh’s •
Whether you get $1.00 down or $3.50 paid-in-full, it’s still a subscription.
Talk to yoiir friends. They want to buy an Exponent anyway so they might as well get it from you. ' \ ^ j I j -
Come down to the Exponent offi^ and get your subscription blanks now.
/ * ^ Office Headquarters—Sub-Basement of the Purdue Memorial Union The West Side Is Ybur Territory! A Ticket lo the Football Game Is Your Prize!
"A