Let’s Boost Boilermakers To Big Ten Championship
Purdue
s Expanent
Volume 51. No. 45
Wedbtiesdoy. November 1. 1939
Iowa Game To Highlight
Homecoming Program AtopenPorum
ActiyHy Leaders Answer Questions
Grace Overton
Classes Will Meet On Field After Game; '14 Team Will Receive Trophies At Banquet A gala program that includes banquets, a pep session, a Big Ten football game, class reunions, dances, fraternity and sorority dinners, and a big homecoming banquet in honor of the 1914 and 1929 football teams, has been planned for all of the alumni and friends who are expected back to the campus for Homecoming Friday and Saturday, November 3 and 4.
Trophies For ’14 Team
At the big homecoming banquet, silver football trophies will be presented to the senior members of the 1914 team composed of the following: H. S. O’Brien, Detroit, Mich.; Clarence Cecil, Muncie; H. B. Routh, Cache, Okla.; C. M. East, New Albany; A. S. Rakestraw, Evanston, 111.; and R. R.* Bozell, Pleasant
Ridge, Mich.
Banquet program with Myron Bone, Fort Wayne, 1915 graduate, as toastmaster, will include short talks by President Elliott, David Ross, Coach Mai Elward, Hollywood star Irene Rich and her daughter, Frances, designer of the new Union
statues.
Pep Session Following the unveiling ceremonies a pep session will be given on Stewart Field. Bill Dunshee, head cheerleader, will lead the yells assisted by members of the cheering
squad.
Saturday morning will find the two outstanding freshman teams tangling as a finale to their season. At noon the organized male and female Greek organizations will have their annual luncheons and various classes will have their class reun-
ions.
Class Reunions On Field Immediately following will be class reunions on the field followed by a free mixer in the ballroom. At 6 o’clock the alumni smoker will take place in the Union. Following dinners in various sororities and fraternities will be the alumni dance in the ballroom at 9 to Will Osborne and his slide music.
.. special lecturer at the University of Chicago, will be another of the speakers for Religious Emphasis Week, November 11-17. She has published six books, and is a frequent contributor on problems of youth to national church journals.
Frank C. Hockema . . . assistant to the president, will leave this evening for Minneapolis to attend the institute on placement of college and university representatives. He will describe the work being done at Purdue by the various offices serving in this capacity.
Forensic Honorary Plans Second Forum Tau Kappa Alpha, national forensic honorary, will hold the second of a series of regularly scheduled forums, tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. The two guest speakers of the evening will be Prof. J. W. Robinson and Rev. Harry Parker. Charlotte Finney, member of the women’s debate team, will preside. Each talk will last for 20 minutes, with short discussions after the talks. The subject for the speeches will be, “What Shall We Do About Activities of Un-American Groups?”
“The man in the third row” spoke I up last night at the first of a series of activity round-tables in the faculty lounge of the Union during the discussion that followed the five speeches of the evening, and asked activity leaders what they could do with the very close also-rans for senior positions on important campus activities after election time. Opinions and ideas ran riot as activity members who were present both defended their own activity, and admitted that there was a definite need for some compensation for activity workers who put in a great deal of time on an activity only to miss a senior position by a mere
onion-skin.
Speakers that proceeded the discussion were Dr. J. E. Walters, head -of the University personnel department; Bob Fuller, personnel director of the Lafayette branch of the Aluminum Company of America; Herb Fishburn, president of Student Senate; Dave Brubeek, executive of Student Union; and Ann Sickman, president of WSGA. AIEE To Celebrate 75th Anniversary At Meeting Today In honor of the 75th anniversary of the founding of the AIEE and the 37th anniversary of the founding of its student branches, the University chapter of this organization will present a two-reel movie today from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 250 of the Electrical Engineering building entitled, “37th Anniversary of Student Branches; 76th Anniversary of Founder—Dr. C. F. Scott.” Dr. Charles F. Scott was national president of the AIEE from 1902-4, during which time he fostered and founded the student branches of this honorary. These pictures are being distributed to 121 branches of the group this fall and will be shown to each during this time.
Frances Estep Places First In Lodde Speech Contest
Muriel Lister
... is among the many internationally famous* speakers who will appear on the Religious Emphasis Week, November 11-17. She is international secretary of the Fellowship of Reconciliation, has widely travelled, and was founder of the East London settlement house which Ghandi chose to live in while in London. One of her books is “Entertaining Ghandi.” I
Military Ball Ducats Go On Sale For Band, Basics
Exponent Staff There will be a meeting of all elected members of the Exponent staff Thursday, November 2, in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station at 4 p. m.
Basic military training studen and all band members will have the opportunity to buy Military Ball tickets starting today at 12:30 in the Armory. According to the committee in charge they will not be allowed to sign for tickets, i.e. put them on their military fees, but must pay for them in cash. There are also a limited number of tickets available for University staff members. Starting Thursday seniors who bring their passports will be permitted to purchase tickets. One hundred extra tickets have been printed this year to enable everyone who desires to attend to do so and the price has been reduced 50 cents to further emphasize this
feature.
Patricia Frigge Captures Second Place; Pi Beta Phi Wins Trophy Speaking on “War Marches On” before a crowd of 700 in the Home Economics auditorium, Frances Estep placed first in the Lodde Speech contest last night. The Lodde Trophy, given to fKe organization gaining the greatest number of points in the contest, went to Pi Beta Phi whose Peggy Howard and Mary Bachelder tied with Faith Wayne for third place. Second place
was taken by Patricia Firigge.
■ I - II In making her plea against war.
Miss Estep asked that we do not think of the past horrors of war, the filth, the blood, the ruined bodies and minds, but of the disastrous effect that the present struggle will have upon civilization unless we, as a counti-y, direct our efforts toward peace instead of war.
Compares Wars
Speaking last among the six finalists Miss Estep compared the present war with the first World War and stated that fights such as these will continue to recur imtil some suitable rearrangement in our civilization is made. Second place winner was Patricia Frigge by virtue of her defense of the University co-eds. “Weire not goons,” said Miss Frigge. “That was a name that the eds borrowed from a comic strip (they didn’t have enough originality to think of-a name of their own) to fit the co-eds of 10 years ago. We’re different now and deserve"something better.”
Tie For Third
Third place ended in a three-way tie among Faith Wayne, who acted as defense attorney in “The Case Before the Jury” in which “jitterbugs” were the objects of the jury’s (the audience) attention; Peggy Howard, who declared that we are all guinea pigs for the propagandists of the world; and Mary Bachelder, who’s “Peculiar Purdue” covered many of the traditions of the
campus.
Barbara Waid completed the contest with her discussion of the ageold problem of “Boy Meets Girl” and what each should do to make the meeting more pleasant. Contest Annual Affair This contest is an annual affair open to freshman women, sponsored by the Lodde Jewelry Company of Lafayette.
WSGA To Open Training School ForSophsTonight WSGA sophomore training school opens its first meeting this afternoon at 4 o’clock in room F of the Union, and will conduct a similar meeting tomorrow at the same time and place. Two meetings a week will be held during the months of November and December.
Chosen By Index
The sophomore co-eds are chosen by WSGA on a basis of scholastic index. The group is then divided into two sections. One section will attend the Wednesday meeting and the other section will attend on
Thursday.
leetings will give sopho--eds an opportunity to learn
about the organization and activities of WSGA. Co-eds may sign to work on committees of their pref-
^ Thursday. 3nW These/me +v^^’^nKJve'c^eds
Schedule of Speakers
The speakers and their committees scheduled to speak at following meetings are: November 8 and 9, Ruth Hall, vocational guidance, and Margaret Mitchell, residence committee; November 15 and 16, Marian Wilson, elections; Margaret Saurer, transfer students’ committee, and Libby Barnes, freshman orientation; December 1 and 2, Treva Berry, social committee, and Mary Jane Carr, faculty-student
relations.
"The Disaster"
It Appeared In The Exponent Of 1903
Editor’s Note: This article concerninsr the Purdue crash is reprinted from the weekly Exponent of November 11, 1903. The story is exactly as it appeared in this edition with but few deletions. Womens Memorial gymnasium, formerly the men s gym, was erected as a memorial ^to those athletes from Purdue who were killed and injured in the crash. . This story is interesting both from a historical angle and also from a literary style point of view. It is an incident that will never be forgotten by Purdue. We wish to thank Dean Emeritus Skinner for calling this historic date to our attention. “Saturday will be an eventful day in the history of Purdue,” was the general comment among students and faculty as the expected game with Indiana University was discussed prior to the day of the contest, Saturday, October 31, 1903. And indeed everything pointed to this time as one of unequaled interest to Purdue students, the citizens of Lafayette and to the many residents of Indiana. No athletic contest in the state had ever aroused such general interest or was so heralded by local and state papers. It was eagerly looked forward to, talked of over and over and, as the time approached with prospects of good weather, the interest and excitement were intense. Purdue’s prospects also arose as the time drew near to the game. After the contest of the Saturday before, some expressed doubts and feared for success in the game at Indianapolis on the 31st, but as it became known that Purdue had not played
her best and that something had been held in reserve as a surprise for the Indiana game, spirits arose and a general feeling of absolute confidence in the team and the ability in the coach dispelled the uncertainty. Saturday came with indications of an ideal day and as the sun appeared in the East with further assurance of typical football weather, crowds with streamers, pennants, and decorations of the black and old gold were seen hurrying to the sta- ’ tion. Two trains had been chartered from the Big Four railroad to carry the crowds to Indianapolis. The students, members of the faculty, and .enthusiastic citizens of Lafayette aboard numbered about 964. The football team with the substitutes, coaches and trainers, were given a place ojf honor, as it was supposed, in the first coach of the head train; a “place” and an “honor” which will never be forgotten by the students of Purdue University in all time to come. The same spirit pervaded each car of the entire train. Never was there a more jolly crowd. As the train pulled out adieus were waved to those awaiting later sections of the train and promises made to others who were to remain in Lafayette, of victory on the return. The first section was due in the
Union station shortly before 10 o’clock and at 9:55 it had reached the outskirts of the city, where with undiminished speed it moved toward the station three miles away. Some had already arisen from their seats to don hats and coats, while others had turned from the windows to collect suit cases, papers, etc., preparatory to leaving the train. But a terrible calamity awaited the special as it was abo,ut to reach the station. Running about 40 miles an hour as the train neared 18th street, the engineer, obtaining a clear view of a portion of the track which a moment before had been hidden by a cut of coal cars on a siding and a neighboring shed, saw but a few hundred feet away a coal train being pushed up the main track toward him. The engine was reversed and the emergency brakes applied, but scarcely a second later there came the crash accompanied by the tearing of timbers, the breaking of glass, and the hissing of escaping steam. It was over in almost the twinkle of an eye but the results of the tragic moment of destruction will remain a life time in the memory of those who saw it. The engine and tender were overturned and thrown to the right of the track, the first coach was completely demolished, a portion of its top after the wreck rest-
ed perpendicularly across the coal cars, one end was thrown some 50 feet to the right of the track, while the remainder of the car was torn into small bits and jammed against the end of the coal^train or thrown in every conceivable direction to either side of the track. The second coach was raised in the air and thrown directly at right angles to the track on the left down an embankment some 20 feet in height, while the third car with both trucks and a part of the bottom torn away was pushed over the top of two coal cars, where it rested in a tilted position some 10 feet above the ground. , . The first coach had borne the brunt of the shock, relieving the remainder of the train, and its passengers furnished the victims of the most frightful disaster that has ever befallen an American university. As the train came to a stop those in the rear rushed from their cars to see the result of the catastrophe. The dead and d3nng lay on all hands, and the picture of fellow classmates and friends lying with limbs and arms severed, and heads crushed beyond recognition will never be forgotten. All of the killed with one exception were in the first coach, one death resulting in the third. Pathetic devotion was also shown among those who were in-
jured. No hand but that was ready to do all in its power to aid the unfortunate friend, classmate, or fraternity brother. Many of the girls on the train alike rolled up their sleeves and aided in bathing the wounds of the injured until surgical aid arrived. Everything possible for the injured was done, and_ with wounds temporarily dressedthey were removed to the various hospitals of the city, while the dead were taken to the morgue and the different undertaking establishments. The engineer and fireman of the ill-fated special both escaped injury by jumping. Within a second the fiower of the University student body had been almost annihilated, 13 of her most able bodied men had been taken away and 30 more injured or maimed for life. Tfiese in addition to three others not directly connected to the student body, lost their lives. A more pathetic incident cannot be imagined or one of more lasting impression. News had been carried here of the disaster to the Purdue train and instead of the usual college yells and jovial faces, the scene was one of quiet, and as the awfulness of the calamity was realized later in the day, by the deepest gloom. The red and white were replaced by black and other evidences of mouiming
for the misfortune of her sister school. The rivalry which had been kindled between the two institutions by alternate victory and defeat for the last few years was forgotten. The bond of sympathy for Purdue in her dark hour had removed all feelings of jealousy and antagonism, and there remained only sympathy, grief and a desire to aid their unfortunate friends. A worse calamity cannot be imagined. Purdue is bowed in grief and heart broken. It is hard to appreciate in our dark hour why it should have been and yet we cannot question the wisdom of Him who guides and rules. The wounded hearts of the friends and relatives can never be healed; these must suffer and are unfortunate. The University will never forget and cannot for years recover from its loss. Where is the wisdom and justification of our misfortune? Nothing would have so joined the University and student body as one, or have awakened such feelings of kinship and love as has the terrible experience of last Satiuday. Every heart is bowed in sorrow and yet no life that witnessed the disaster will remain the same as before and we cannot but believe that all must be truer and better in consequence of the memory of those whose lives were sacidficed.‘f ’’** '■ * g ^ jl
f‘ /I
4^+
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday# November 1, 1939
\i Jhmhf, JoUl
Tea Dances
. . . conducted by the Union on week days and Saturdays, and by the Purdue Independent Association on other Saturdays, have been popular with both eds and co-eds. Students who attended the tea dance yesterday afternoon seemed to enjoys the affair, as usual. Both Union and PIA officials have at one time or another suggested that cutting be confined to between numbers. Yesterday, however, a certain amount of cutting was done while the music was still playing. We believe that both eds and co-eds will enjoy future tea dances to an even greater extent if cutting is confined to periods between numbers, by mutual agreement in the stag line. Purdue's Mascot , . . will become a reality instead of campus talk, if plans now being laid by Reamer Club, athletic honorary for independent men, are successfully carried out. Monday night members and pledges of the organization spent their evening stringing some 8,000 tags. These tags bear the inscription, “I Am Helping To Build The Purdue Mascot” on one side, and an engraving of a locomotive running at full steam on the reverse. Reamer Club members will give one of these tags to any Purdue booster who makes a contribution to the cause,4 starting Friday night. Tags will be distributed after the banquet Friday night, at the pep session, and all day Saturday. The idea of a mascot was originally proposed by Israel Selkowitz in a “Voice of the Campus” letter which was published in the Exponent on Tuesday, September 6. It was proposed to make the mascot a robot, a “mechanical man” which would be so constructed as to represent various schools in the University. After consulting faculty members concerning the feasibility and expense of constructing a robot which would operate successfully, the Reamer Club committee in charge discarded this idea and decided to build a locomotive mounted on an automobile chasis. This would be somewhat similar to the American Legion’s “40 & 8” locomotives, but on a smaller scale. Active campaign work started on Saturday, October 21, Dad’s Day, when club members took contributions for the Mascot’at a table in the Union building. A much more intensive campaign is planned for this week end. Expense of the Mascot has been estimated at between four and five hundred dollars. However, the Mascot will be constructed at the Pete Anderson garage for cost. In 1907 the Victory Bell was cast at the Anderson plant, and the campaign slogan has become “1907— the Victory Bell; 1939—the Mascot.” As planned, the Mascot will pull the Victory Bell through the town after future Big Ten
But Incidentally— By Vladimir We’re not sure of anything anymore. First it was the puddle on the steps of the Union. Then it was the building that used to be in the street beside the Powerhouse. But those weren’t so bad, they disappeared and then STAYED away. Now we have really come up against something. * Id * It’s the green wooden pump on the greensward between University Hall and State street. * * * Last Wednesday when we walked past, that pump was gone! All we could see was the concrete base. Or rather, we think it was last Wednesday, we’re not sure of anything anymore. ♦ * ♦ Yesterday, when we looked, the pump was there as usual! And under close scrutiny, it proved to be bolted down. And we have witnesses to prove our cases. * ♦ * Personally, we think that the little-man-who-wasn’t-there didn’t have something to do with it. Id >l< 4< By the way, that pump was put in in connection with the Ladies Hall, which used to stand just beside it, facing State street. Thijs building was torn down long ago, and the space still remains vacant. • * * We wonder if there is anything significant in the fact that the University administration razed a “Ladies Hall” and raised in its stead a “Women’s Residence Hall.” Id * * Oh this younger generation. Id Id Id We leave you today as we methodically ignore the inventor who burst into the office a few minutes ago with his idea for a three-sided coin to decide questions involving more than two issues. * H Id A last minute report comes in that three fellows are moving away from Cary Halls this week. One because he made too much noise. The other two because they couldn’t stand the noise he made. >j< ^ ^ That’s efficiency!
victories. The Mascot would also make the trip to football games played away from home but fairly close to Lafayette. If enough money is collected this week end, and work begins on Monday, it is possible that the Mascot will be completed in time for the Indiana game. Credit for the original proposal goes to Selkowitz. If every Boilermaker does his part in the campaign for funds, Purdue men and women will have a real Mascot, and at future Homecomings may be able to say, “I helped build that Mascot.”
anxL disk. By Georgann Schilling Last night was the night for witches and ghosts, the night when goblins rode broomsticks and most anything could happen. The coming week-end is the gala occasion known as Homecoming, a marvelous reason for a party. We just came from a session at which some chums sat around trying to dream up a title for the frosh class. Before the conversation degenerated, they had suggested such super quots as “Bevies of Beauty,” “Dozens of Drips,” “Quantities of Quality,” “Masses of Messes” (or vice versa; it works either way). Try figuring one. H & H History is made . . . for the first time gals have donned the engineer’s hat and work gloves, pledge symbols of Pi Tau Sigma, mechanical engineering honorary. Lois Hollingsworth from the junior class and Louise Schickler of senior status are among the new Pi Tau Sigma pledges now wandering around in this symbolic garb. H & H We’d like to hear the‘Cary Hall boys explain the presence of a large shining garbage pail, which is stationed in their kitchen, and is decorated in large black letters with WRH. Such sentiment, lads. Did you just take home a representative^ token to remember the girls ? H & H To continue our ed style news— shirts for men this fall are made of solid colors or striped patterns. Of the striped motif, wide spaced stripes are in predominance. Green and tan shirts are gaining prominence for campus wear and are at present giving the ever-popular blue a run for its money. In many instances college men are selecting grey or sand color for their shirts, as these neutral shades blend nicely with sharp stripes.
Inframural Debating Heads Meet Tonight Meeting for all intramural debaters today at 8 p. m. was announced yesterday by Ken Mulholland, student debate chairman. The purpose of the meeting is to formulate rules and regulations for the Mohlman debate tournament, and to decide upon the subject for the coming debates. Debate manager from each organizatjon, including all fraternity, sorority, co-op and residence halls, must be there. Anyone interested is welcome.
I U)(LCi TUiwa, By Marguerite Funkhouser Tickets for the Harvest Hop, to be held November 10 in the Union ballroom, will go on sale Monday outside the door of the Sweet Shop, in the residence halls, sorority houses, and in the WAA office. This announcement was made by Jane Fishleigh, who is in charge of ticket sales. waa— Shirley Enhoff defeated Ruth Walker yesterday afternoon in the finals of the girls’ singles tennis tournament. Shirley won the match by a 6-4, 6-1 score. —^waa— In the final game of the mixed doubles tennis tournament played yesterday afternoon, Fred Richards and Mary Mather won from Shirl Murphy and June Spry. Set scores were 4-6, 6-3, 7-6. —^waa— Yesterday afternoon the seniors played the freshmen in field hockey and defeated them by three goals to the freshmen’s one goal. Other games to be played this week are juniors and sophomores today, sophomores and seniors on Thursday, and sophomores and freshmen on Friday.
Home Economics School Plans Consultant Service > Various departments of the home economics school are offering their services as consultants to individ- { uals or groups of students on the campus every Monday and Wednesday from 4 to 5 p. m. and Tuesday and Thursday from 3 to 4 p. m. in room 203 of the Home Economics building. Problems related to the selection of food, especially on a limited bud- I get, the planning of meals, the selection and buying of clothing, the buying of house furnishings or supplies, room arrangement or similar ^ problems will be discussed. YWCA Invites All Co-eds To Open Meeting Today All girls who are interested in ^ working on the social committee of YWCA are asked to attend a meeting of the organization to be held today at 4 o’clock in the woman’s lounge of the Union. Ruth Wattleworth, chairman of the committee, has stated that membership in the organization is not necessary to do YWCA work, and that all interested co-eds are invited to attend the meeting. Fred Feasley . . . graduate student and instructor in chemistry, who underwent an emergency operation for appendicitis at the Home Hospital early Monday morning, returned to his home in Kankakee, 111., yesterday to recuperate. Hospital attaches reported his condition was as good as could be expected. s
Purdue Exponent' R. B. Insler—. — — EdItor-ln-CWef W. B. Smith - Biuincss BfansKer O. G. Tcrrio „ Editorial Director G. W. Frederick. ~ _ JMCanaxingr Editor E. H. Antoaini.._Seiiior Adrertisinc; Manaser 6. SehillinK _ Co-ed Editor R. Jenkins Sports Edtior Phones: Editorial, 4005; Bnsiness, 6038; Sports, 2792 Published daily except Monday darine the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Goncress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rata of postage prorided for in Section 1103, Act of October 8, 1917, autborised January 20, 1922. National Advertising Representatives: National Advertising Service, Ino.. 4M Madison Avenue, New York, N. Y. Member Associated Collegiate Press. This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarUy coincide wit); the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the bklitorial Director.
Ag Chemislry Instructors Attend Washington Meet H. R. Kraybill, P. B, Curtis, and 0. W. Ford, all of the University department of agricultural chemistry, are attending the meeting of Association of Official Agricultural Chemists and the Association of American Feed Control Officials at Washington, D, C., until November 3. Curtis will present a report on the adulteiation of condensed milk products and cod liver oil; Ford will report on potash in commercial fertilizers, while Kraybill will give the report of the investigator on dog foods and the report of the investigator on flourine.
Alpha Phi Omega . ,. Boy Scout honorary, will meet tonight in room F of the Union at 7:30. Pictures of one of the Purdue football games will be shown, or if these cannot be obtained, a lecture and demonstration on finger printing will be given. The fraternity’s objectives and plans for the year will also be discussed. All persons interested are invited to attend the meeting, according to Alpha Phi Omega officials.
-LAST TIMES TODAY—
ANN SOUTHERN IN 'HOTEL FOR WOMEN' — AND — TONY MARTIN IN "WINNER TAKE ALL"
THURS. - FRI. - SAT. CHARLES STARRETT IN "SPOILERS OF THE RANGE" — AND — CHARLES BICKFORD IN 'ONE HOUR TO LIVE'
NEW VICTOR RECORDS
On Sale This Week
• 26377 Wish Me Luck Danny Boy (Londonberry Air) Gracie Fields, Soprano, with Chorus and Orchestra • 26390 Indian Summer—F.T. (V.R.) A Lover Is Blue—F.T. (V.R.) Tommy Dorsey and his Orchestra • 26391 Who Told You I Cared — F.T. (V.R.) I Just Got a Letter—F.T. (V.R.) Swing and Sway with Sammy Kaye • 26392 A Table in a Corner— F.T. (V.R.) Can I Help It?—F.T. (V.R.) Larry Clinton and his Orchestra • 26393 One Sweet Letter from You—F.T, (V.R.) Early Session Hop—F.T. Lionel Hampton and Orchestra Swing Classic
ARC
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
— and — n SONS) A UOMOeim PI£TUB£ —ALSO — 'RED BARRY” SERIAL
THURS. - FRI. - SAT. LONE STAR PIONEER DOWN IN ARKANSAW LONE RANGER RIDES AGAIN
Schedule of
0
Debris Organization Pictures Please be prompt. Assemble at the stairway to the Tower Room in the Union Building. WEDNESDAY# NOVEMBER 1
Alpha Zeta
Delta Rho Kappa
A 1 E E A I Ch E
Pi Tau Sigma Omicron Nu
ASC E
Cosmopolitan Club Scull and Crescent Catalyst Agricultural Chemistry Theta Alpha Phi Playshop Board
1%0 0&b/dA.
1 00
Gimlet Club
7 50
7 05
Reamers Club
8 00
7 15
Ceres
8 05
7 20
Dolphin Club
8 15
7 30
Virginia C. Meredith
8 25
7 35
Pharmacist Staff
8 35
7 45
Kappa Psi
8 45
THURSDAY#
NOVEM
7 00
Scabbard and Blade
7 45
7 05
P 0 M M
7 50 8 00
7 15
Luncheon Committee
8,05
7-20
Zouaves
8-15
7:30
Sigma Delta Chi
8 20
7-35
P 1 A Board
8 30
^^Complete Campus Coverage
99Wednesday, November 1, 1939
^xfiomnL SfioilA. fiaqsL
3 •
Future Varsity Grid Prospects To Give Homecomers An Added Thrill
By Joe Dolan
Homecoming crowds will be given an added attraction when the frosh gridders perform on Stuart Field at 10 o’clock next Saturday morning. The squad will be divided into two teams of equal ability promising a real scrap. This fracas will be a honey to watch with hot prospects for next year’s varsity performing
on each team.
Elmer Burnham, in my opinion the grandest freshman coach in college football, has under his tutelage a mob of freshman athletes who are going to spring a blitzkreig on the present sophomores and juniors of the Purdue varsity. Next season, in retrospect, this cold dope may sound like sour grapes, due to the fact that I believe the varsity will vindicate itself when spring comes around by turning in a performance that will throttle sophomore invasion; so, my wearers of the green, don’t allow the following written impressions you’ve made on me cause your managers to order larger helmets for you when Monday’s practice rolls around. They’re only a student’s optic illusions, and after reading this, the varsity will probably try to make your canvas drawers look like burlap. The freshmen have a halfback, Burto, who runs the ends like a scared deer 'and kicks the oval 60
Frosh Gridders Play Saturday Morning Gridmen Turn Toward
Big Ten Battles; Face Hawkeyes Back from the Pacific Coast where the combination of a wearying trip, heat, and a brilliant Santa Clara eleven overcame an early Purdue lead, the Boilermaker grid forces turned their attention yesterday afternoon to the season’s main objective—
winning the Big Ten crown.
yards a crack and with the southpaw foot, too. Burto’s halfback running mate is Cary, one of Peru’s products, an Indiana high school that wins ’em all every season, almost. Cary tips the scales at 180 and can do about anything that can
be expected of a back. Buffington Is Good
At fullback, the frosh are supported by Buffington, also of Peru. This 186-pound load of dynamite is reminiscent of Roy Horstman, Purdue’s last all-American fullback, who qualified for the honor back in the early 1930’s. Buffington hits the line like a locomotive and backs up the line in a manner that Purdue’s John Drake did. Drake is now the prize fullback of the pro loops, playing with the Rams of Cleveland.
Another Isbell Hecker?
At quarterback spot, the cranium section of a team’s anatomy, is a Texas brain trust, Fred “Tex” Smerke. Smerke hails from Fort Worth, and made about every allTexas team for Lone Star state high schools that a kid could make and still have the same hat band; however, in talking to “Tex” the
interviewer gets the ipipression that the Texas youth plays on the last team in the frosh squad. He’s a grand kid, that “Tex” kid. I dashed down to the other end of the field to see a crowd of linemen functioning in the finest spirit de corps fashion that I’ve ever seen orra gridiron. A big tackle'. Norm Hill, by name caught me eye. This 206-pound tackle is a demon on defense and is learning the art of blocking like a boy scout learning his nine knots. The other tackle. Powers, played six man football in high school but has adapted himself quite admirably to the 11-mani game. He hits the weighing machine at 190. No, Not Rankin Down in a corner of the field a “Dave Rankin” caught our eye. I thought maybe Dave had been actj ing naughty and had been demoted to the frosh field for chastisement, but it wasn’t Davey; it was an end, McCaffrey by name, and how he can hold onto those passes—sticks to ’em like a brother. He’ll do a lot to plug up the hole at right end that will be left wide open by graduation. Center Is Hot Spot < Vees, a 170-pound guard, makes up in aggressiveness what he lacks in weight. Appleton, another guard, hails from New York. He tries hard and is liked by his teammates. At center, Dutch Van Aken and Ruggerie are having a revolution that changes with the whims of women’s skirts. First one seems to have the edge and then the other swings the coaches’ nods.
. . . Niles Kinnick, stellar Hawkeye back, are expected to keep Iowa in the game against the Boilermakers Saturday.
I-M Schedules
TOUCHBALIr—Today Field Official 1— Ward 1 vs. Ward 7. Close 2— Ward 6 vs Ward 2. Smithson 3— Ward 8 vs. Ward 27. Brinduse 4— Ward 26 vs Ward Tl. Papurca 5— ^Ward 13 vs Ward 24 Luce 6— Cary Hall 12 vs. Cary Hall 14. Mann 7— Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 2. Chapman 8— Cary Hall 5 vs. Cary Hall 3. Juillard 9— Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 9. Chaffee 10— Ward 14 vs. Ward 28 Leppla 11— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon McGrath 12— Tau Epsilon Phi vs Theta Chi. VanHook
J’DJinjcL svHhm, JthSL pfT^OA^—
You will see pictures which you will prize very highly. All members of student organizations and activities will be photographed by a competent Debris photographer and will be included in the 1940 Debris. The Debris will be your memory book for the year. On Nov. 10 the price of Debris is changing from $4.00 to $4.50.
mo
(DekhiA,
im
Camfmi,
We Take Pride In Announcing The Opening Of A Fine, New Men’s Clothing Store
Your Inspection Invited
ROGEIR’S East Side of Square
Tackling the rampaging Hawkeyes of Iowa in Saturday’s Homecoming battle, the Boilermakers are bent on renewing their winning ways. Coach Anderson’s lads, who have turned in two brilliant conference victories over Indiana and Wisconsin, and suffered a lone defeat at the hands of Michigan, are expected to cause the Riveters plenty of trouble.
One of the greatest thrills that Coach Mai Elward received during the recent western inva^on, was a telegram from the Purdue Alumni Association of San Francisco congratulating him on the fine showing of the Boilermaker squad. “Last Saturday you gave the greatest exhibition of hard blocking and sound tackling ever seen on the west coast,” was the prevalent part of the wire. The Gold and Black forces will be without the services of Felix Mackiewicz, veteran wingman who twisted an ankle in the Bronco tilt, and Carl Verplank, out with a pulled muscle, for Saturday’s encounter with the lads from the tall corn state. Other bumps and bruises suffered on the coast are expected to be well under control by game time. Kinnick Again? A brilliant aerial battle is predicted for the Homecoming battle, with Niles Kinnick of the Hawkeyes matching tosses with the Boiler-
makers’ pigskin slingers. Kinnick tossed three touchdown passes against Wisconsin, and threw the ball all over the field in the wild 32-29 victory over Indiana. Yesterday’s drill was spent in getting rid of the “train legs” suffered on the 2,500-mile journey home,'and consisted merely of ball handling and light blocking and tackling practice. However, starting this afternoon, the Riveter gridmen will really get down to business in preparation for the’Iowa game. Eighteenth Meeting The Homecoming tussle with the Hawkeyes will be the 18th renewal of the hardest fought series in the Big Ten.* A series that has been marked by thrilling upsets and one that can be seldom figmed on form. To date, the Boilermakers hold a slight edge with nine victories as compared to seven losses and a tie. Ward Toudiball Tourney To Open This Afternoon First games in the ward touch football tourney will be played this afternoon. Each team entered in the tourney is to compete in three games. The eight teams with the highest rating will then enter the play-off to determine the winners. Members of the team that finishes in first place will receive medals.
FILTER
BREAKS IN ^5 MEDICO
PIPES, CIGARETTE & CIGAR HOLDERS O NLY filter combining 66 baffle interior and cellophane exterior, keeps nicotine, juices, flakes out of mouthT No breaking in. No tongue bite. Breaks up hot smoke stream, £:esulting in Inild, healthy MEDICO FILTERED SMOKING.
GEHUIttE FILTERS FOR MEOICO PIPES PMKEDONtyiNTHlS RED R BUCK BOX
Most beautiful new siyles^^anheard-of-value
Add to Your CoHection from SOUTHWORTH'S FRANK MEDICO SELECTION
Traditional FALL CHARM
The autumn costume is not complete without the lovely fresh beauty of flowers. You'll find our selection charmingly beautiful — she'll adore them.
527 Main
Phone 5432■
vf
\ 4
Personnel Holes
AlChE To Sponsor Lecture Tonight
Companv Soconj-Vacuum Oil Compam 26 BIoad^\a^, Ne\\ Yoik City Representative P W Boynton, supervi'joi of employment Visiting Purdue Tuesday, Novembei 14, to inteiview engineeiing and science seniois interested m foreign smMce in China, India, Netherlands, Japan, Austialia, New Zealand, Afiica, Siam, and the Philippines Seniors mteiested should lead carefully the desciiption of tiaining and vvoik which is ayailable in the mam office of each school, befoie signing up foi consideration Insurance Companies Each \eai a numbei of insurance companies yisit Puidue, or write to the Peisonnel Seiyice m seai'ch of giaduates who would fit into then oiganizations. The employment ayailable in these companies langes from engineeiing and safety inspec tion for companies handling industrial insuiance to sales of life insurance All semois who are mteiested m employment of any type with an insurance company should sign up in the mam office of then school They should wiite aftei their name, eithei “sales” oi ‘ technical ” accoidmg to the tjpe of woik they want
“Patents and Patent Procedure” IS the subject of a lecture to be giyen tonight at 7 30 by Frank Ciawford The meeting, open to all, IS sponsored by the AIChE and will be held m room 29 of the Electrical Engineering building Ml Crawfoid is managei of the patent department of the Commercial Solyents Coipoiation of Terre Haute, where his wqik myolyes the obtaining of patents and direction of then procedure thiough the patent office He also works with a large group of chemists, showing them how to secure the type of protection recognized by the United States patent laws The subject of patents is of great importance to the engineer Eyeryone ^interested is urged to attend.
NOTICES
No notices will be accepted after 8pm
Glee Club Be at Fowler Hall at 4 p m Wednesday November 1 with full dress and white shut for trip to Foiest —COCHRUN
WSGA Executive Committee Meeting Wednesday evening November 1, at 7 46 p m in room A of the Union —SICKMAN
WBAA Important meeting of announcing staff Thursday evening November 2 at 7 15 in room 134 of the EE building —MILLER
Professor Lovell
chemical engineeiing school, will aiiange for tickets to “My Dear Childien,” now playing at the Selwyn Theater m Chicago, for seniors going on inspection tups next week By this means, it may be possible foi semois to be seated together in a block if they wish to attend the production
More HEAT Per Dollar in this Better Coal
Quality coal at Bargain Prices is our aim. At North Star Coal Co. you’ll find better coal at lower prices, to solve every heating requirement.
Be sure to see us before you plan the purchase of your winter coal supply. North Star Coal suits every purse and purpose and we assure prompt delivery on every order. Lump $6.25 6x3 Egg 6.00 10 Mesh Stoker 5.25
North Star Coal Co.
Phone 2405
308 Brown
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK 4th & Mam Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Educaticxi
• Jewelers
• Hardware
Hays jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse —Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Dairy Products
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St Phone 4354
M. E. MOREHOUSE DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Dine
• Locksmith
COME OVER' EAT AT BD & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks Auto keys a specialty Bicycles, accessories and repairing MULHAUPT'S 209-1) N 5th St Phone 2828
If
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, November L 1339
WAA Hbckey The following games will be played this week Thursday, Novejnber 2 sophomores vs seniors Friday, November 3 sophomores vs freshmen The game scheduled for Wednesday, November 1 between juniors and freshmen has been postponed —IJcKNIGHT
YWCA Social Committee Meeting of Social Committee today at 4 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Union building All interested come —WATTLBWORTH
Exponent Sophomores Will the follow ing editorial sophomores who are now work ing one night each week please phone me about working an additional night Those working two nights will be assigned regular nights as issue editor Bob Metzger Don Wasson Bob Moss Bob Carpenter —FRED
Camera Club There will be a meeting of all members of the Camera Club Thursday, November 2 at 7 30 p m in the Reception room of the Union —HEDDEN
Cosmppolitan Club* All pledges and old members to be in Debris picture meet at 7 46 p m Thursday, November 2, in lower room of Union Pledging and short program on Friday, November 3, at 4 80 p m in room C —SHfCKEL
ASCE: Meeting Thursday, November 2, at 7 80 p m in CE 210. M R. Keefe, chf^ engineer of the Indiana State Highway Commission, will speak on engineering experiences in South America. —MoCAMMON
WAA Archery. The archery tournament had started, but it is not too late to enter. Come Thursday, November 2, and Monday, November 6 —MOREHOUSE.
Forensic Managers All co-ed sophomore managers must be in faculty lounge at 8 o clock tojHght November 1 —PEMORET
Agriculturist. Meeting of the business staff at 7 30 p m Wednesday, November 2, in the Engineer office —WHITHAM
Student Senate: The following members of the Projects Committee please meet in the Senate office Wednesday, November 1, at 4 p m Carpenter, Milea Bowman, Campbell, Chambers, and Laneet —McCAMMON.
Mechanical Engineering Stndmta: All who expect to graduate prior to February, 1941, are expected to take the senior engineering inspection trip this fall. (11-1) —YOUNG.
Purdue Christian Foundation Skating party fiom 7 30 to 10 30 at Maple Point Friday night November 3 Meet at 126 Chauncey at 7 ^ m Tickets at door, 26c Everybody welcome —ROBBINS
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges and Actives Group photograph for Debris will be taken Wednesday evening, November 1, at 8 26 in the Union —EILERING
Outing Club: Hike scheduled for Monday, October 80, has been postponed till Sunday, November 6 For reseravtlone and details call George Shawkins, 66714, or Marjorie Ward, 41111 —^WARD
Conditions in ME. 31: An examination for the removal of conditions in M. Ek 81 will be held in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering building commencing at 1 p m. Saturday, December 0, 1939 Those wishing to take the examination must make arrangements with the undersigned before noon December 2, 1989. (11-2) —MESSERSMITH
POMM Debris picture Will be taken on Thursday November 2 at 7 06 p m Be at Debris office on second floor of the Union at 7 sharp All actives and pledges wear formal uniform —HOTLER
Purdue Engineer The following men will report to the office at 4 p m on Wednesday November 1 Ziegler, Ullman, Weiss, Hussey, Kruder, Hawkins Salzer —SQUIRES
Fraternity Presidents* Council Regular dinner meeting will be held at 6 p m, Thursday, November 2, at the Alpha Gamma Rho house —OATTERALL
Ceres All actives and pledges meet in the Union for Debris picture at 7 16 p m Wednesday November 1 —^NICKEY
YWCA Cabinet Meeting Thursday afternoon November 2 at 4 o’clock in the office All committee chairmen bring reports of financial needs of your committees for the year —COOLEY
YWCA Social Committee: Meeting Wednesday, November 1 at 4 p m in women s lounge All interested come —WATTLEWORTH
Purdue Engineer Subscribers: All those who have not paid deferred subscriptions please do so before November 1. Leave money at Engineer office or at the east desk of the Union (11-1) —LANTZ,
AIChE Membership cards will be distributed time of Debns picture will be announced at Wednesday night meeting —MEYERS
Ag Education Society Wiener roast at 4 30 p m Thursday in the Dean’s Cow Pasture Games including softball and horseshoes will be played All members invited —WHITHAM
Varsity Pistol Team: Important meeting at 4 p m Wednesday November 1, in the Armory Manager will be elected —BECKER
Flying Club All members going on steak fry Wednesday November 1, meet at the east door of the Union at 7 p m to arrange rides and get directions.to location —KIMBALL
Horticulture Club* Cars leaving Horticulture building at 6 30 and 7pm for wiener roast —OVERBECK
Student Engineering Council: Presidents of engineering honoraries and professional societies will meet with Dean Potter at 4 16 p m Wednesday November 1, in the old Agriculturist office in the Union —CATTERALL
Classified Ads
Purdue Agriculturist Meeting of editorial assistant editors in the office at 4 p m today November 1 Important —BURBRINK
Eta Kappa Nu Smoker in Chestnut room of the Union Thursday, November 2, at 7pm —KEEN
Co-eds WAA field hockey open practices held every day at 4 p m in athletic field —FRAZIER.
FOR RENT CARS FOR RENT—Call Russ at 71644 after six evenings Minimums rates as low a^ $2.50 for all night.
Senior Delyis Pictures All those who failed to have their senior pictures taken and want their pictures in the T940 Debns please call Williamson at 3726 after 7 p m at once —WILLIAMSON
» Delta Rho Kappa Pledges and actives get picture taken for the Debris Wednesday November 1 at 8 p m —ESTEY
NYA Workers. Checks may be obtained at the Cashier s office in the Executive buildipg —HOLLENSBE
PIA Workers Will have their pictures taken for Debns Thursday November 2, at 7 36 p m Be on time —HINSHAW
Sigma Delta Chi Debns picture will not be taken Thursday night November 2 as scheduled but has been postponed until a later date —TERRIO
Omicron Nu Debris picture at 8 36 p m Wednesday November 1 Initiation services Thursday November 2 at 5 15 in the Home Ec building —HORWITZ
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Assessments of 76c per man living in your houses for fire and police protection must be paid to Grosh, Phi Kappa, by November 1 Please attend to this matter (11-1) —CATTERALL
FOR SALE TYPEWRITERS-^I malua. standard and portable, sold, purohased, rented and repaired New portable maeUnee ae lew as $29 76. Supplies O. F Bbershoif, 80§ Main Street.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Green steamer trunk Supposedly delivered to wrong address by Yellow Cab Call 66102, Patterson Reward
KNOTS YOU AU
HAVE SEEN
/
HlZjU '
/mUkk
V 'W
V t
1 The Door Knob Knot
2 The Pee Wee Knot
3 The Pump Handle Knot
4 The Skew Gee Knot
5 The Arrow Knot
ARROW TIES SE£ THIS WEEK’S POST
'n inis %ui
meei cmdL
e/r Tomaus bersm
THROUGH THE
oj Helm H^es'motlm io Helm Hexes'dai^htez alwtd
Here is a unique story: what the outsider does not see of Helen Hayes, the anecdotes the world hasnH heard. Here, as Helen Hayes’ mother says, is “every little thing I can recall about my Helen Hayes” ...In a series of letters called Mary, This Is Your
Mother, she reveals to her granddaughter (and to Post readers) the struggles and glamorous careei of America’s great actress, who has spent thirtyfour of her thirty-nine years in the theater and “on the road.” First of eight parts—this week.
IN THIS SAME ISSUE
A half hour of excitement Harold Channmg Wire’s yam Glory Hole shout a cave in 1700 feet down' (Too bad they’d fired the lad they thought was “yellow,” the only man who had the key to the rescue ... ) AND a lively story of a girl reporter who went out to cover the races and ran into a story with a real news angle— when she fell in love with a gentleman rider, and he walked away' MORE spine chills in the chmax of Alec Hudson’s vivid and authentic submarine war story, Battle Stations PLUS . an article. The Great Red Father, by W G.Knvitsky, on the bloody undercover work of the Comintern m Germany, and If You Must Borrow—hy Lowell Brentano (Attention — students low on their pocket money') Also stories by Zachary Gold and William Faulkner, poems, editorials, cartoons.
profit of his who worfo
or secretaries^ ^ much ’;®‘«rii for ,^r’™'arly sinee the?-‘°
anois Waiia,
^eJd for
the
Sr** *«• «•?».
and between
a coJJex
to hack out of fL
•'‘•“•rwe.r'™
of tie Ten r
‘’y fwiTOis “>
t