ih A i
'What A Life Takes Stage I ■gpl • This Evening John Goll Plays Madcap, Likeable Henry Aldrich By Martha Jane Fox Tonight’s that night! Playshop is presenting its second major production of the school year, ^‘What A Life.” And it’s the life in a typical American high school with the typical adolescent The curtain goes up at 7:30 o’clock tonight and tomorrow, and at 8 o’clock Friday and Saturday nights. A few reserved seat tickets are still available, John Dietrich, of the Playshop directing staff, said last night. John Goll plays the very much confused student interested for the moment in taking Barbara Pearson, another student, to the school’s Christmas dance. Hie’s Henry Aidrich. While Don Salmond takes the part of everyone’s school principal, adult love interest is furnished by Betty Erick as his secretary, and Bill Sharpies as the assistant principal. The cast, in order of appearance is: Miss Shea, Betty Erick; Mr. Nelson, Bill Sharpies; Mr. Patterson, Edward Loseff; Miss Pike, Marvine Wilcox; Bill, Hal Goodman; Miss Eggleston, Virginia Lee Ruddell; Miss Johnson, Martha Cullop; Mr, Vecchitto, Art Schepartz; Henry Aldrich, John Goll; Barbara Pearson, Rosemary Boyd; Gertie, Betty Ann McCreery; Mr. Bradley, Don Salmond; Miss Wheeler, Jo Stong; George Bigelow, Sid Stearns; Mrs. Aldrich, Irene Sakacs; Mr. Ferguson, John Hobson; Mary, Mary Carol Antenen; students—Anny Pffeifer, Evelyn Rimer, Foe Brooks, Sarah Francis Kan and William C. Lester. The Aldrich family has become a favorite weekly network program and Ezra Stone, who played the part of Henry in the original Broadway production, has become famous for his devil-may-care attitude and undertakings. Last spring a local theatre presented the road show production of this play with Jackie Coogan in the part of Henry. Samuel Marks is directing “What A Life,” and Bill Deam is the construction director. m.j.f. \ AChS Hears Dr. Fieser On Vitamin K Tonight Dr. Louis F. Fieser, noted Harvard university chemist, will be guest speaker this evening at the meeting of the University chapter of the American Chemical Society in Stanley Coulter Hall at 7:30 o’clock. His topic will be Vitamin “K,” the latest and most interesting addition to the vitamin family. It is gaining great favor in medical circles because of its beneficial effect when applied in the preoperative treatment of patients suffering from obstruction to the bile duct. Doctor Fieser will explain these findings of other scientists, and also tell of his own numerous investigations on the subject. r.r.r.
JOw/y SitfcM
Volume 52. No. 79
Weet Lokqrettf. bidhma
Wednesdkiy. DecendbM II. 1940
'Need For Engineers Tripled' Dean Potter Tells Faculty Group Llniversil'y Instruction Of U. S. Cadets Planned “The need for engineers has tripled since the government defense act went into effect,” A. A. Potter, member of the national defense board and dean of the University schools of engineering, said yesterday afternoon before the combined faculties of the six University engineering schools mfeeting in the Electrical Engineering building. “The national defense program must be carried out, and the government has appropriated nine million dollars for training workers in various fields,” Dean Potter continued. ' Purdue University has received $100,000 of this nine million, which must be spent by July 1, 1941. Dean Potter cited 52 major defense positions in which a definite scarcity of skilled labor has been noticed. Among these, trained draftsmen and welding and testing material inspectors are needed in abundance immediately. The airplane industry is constantly seeking skilled engineers. It requires 250,000 labor hours to make one plane and every tenth employee must be a trained engineer. “It wqs only a few weeks ago,” Dean Potter said, “that the defense board set up a special commission to recommend aerial bombardment designs. Three centers. New York, Chicago and a Pacific coast city, will work on bombproof shelters.” To carry on the additional educational work that the government has designated for Indiana, Dean Potter has appointed Prof. C. W. Beese, head of the general engineering department, to work with the University of Notre Dame and the Rose Polytechnical Institute. “This committee has found employers and business very anxious to cooperate,” Professor Beese said, “in promoting additional training for their employees while the latter are working. In this way business does not have to import skilled labor from other sections. The government finances the instruction 100 per cent, but will not allow profit to be gained.” On the campus this educational program will begin after the Christmas holidays, when 50 cadets of the U. S. Army Air Corps will receive traihing in aeronautical engineering. Prof. K. D. Wood will be in charge of their instruction.
Riveters Try For Third Season
/
Victory Tonight Against Wayne
Lambert To Sacrifice Size For Speed. Clever Passing
From All Fronts
Today's Summary Of War News
Chieaso Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News. Ine. The British Army of the Nile has cut through the Italians and plunged to the coast between Graziani’s main bases at Sidi Barrani and Buqbuq, Winston Churchill told the House of Commons yesterday. "fhe Prime Minister declined to say that the Italian Army had been cut off. Co-operating in the drive are Gen. de Gaulle’s Free French forces.
The British African command reports the capture of 4,000 Italian prisoners, said a dispatch from London yesterday, which added: “This would indicate either an offensive on a large scale or that the Fascist Egyptian armies are surrendering in wholesale numbers.”
“We will show the world who the master is and what the master is, capital of work,” Adolf Hitler cried yesterday in a speech at a munitions factory. “The war will now be waged uncompromisingly. We will win. When the moment for decision comes, we will win. But only we will choose the time.”
Greek troops yesterday were reported by Athens to be advancing north through lower Albania in two columns. One column stems from Porto Edda and the other from Argirocastro. These captiired key towns are receiving strong garrisons as a precaution against a Fascist counter-attack.
“This correspondent would not be surprised,” radioed Paul Ghali from Vichy yesterday, “if economic negotiations started three v/eeks ago between emissaries of Prance and Germany would lead soon to «n economic agreement similar to the clearing arrangement signed Nov. 16.”
Christmas Caroling
will be held in front of the Union Tuesday, December 17, immediately after the basketball game. The University Glee club, under the direction of A1 Stewart, will lead the singing. A large screen is to be hung above the balcony, and the words of the songs will be projected upon it. Free coffee and doughnuts will be served at the
caroling.
. . . will speak at the regular meeting of the Purdue Religious Council tonight in room 68 of the Union. Dr. Uphaus is the executive secretary of the Religion an,d Labor Foundation whose offices are in New Haven, Conn. The meeting is scheduled for 7:30 o’clock, and the talk will be open to thejgpblic at 8:15.
Symphonic Band Opens Season Sunday With Christmas Concert
F. H. Boor
As the tympani strike a thunderous roll in the opening bars of Mendelssohn’s “War March of the Priests,” the University Symphonic Band will be opening its 1940-41 concert season with a Christmas Concert in the Hall of Music, 8 o’clock Sunday afternoon. ^ Includes 90 Mnsidana Composed of 90 select musicians from the Marching Band, the Symphonic Band studies the masterpieces of the musical masters and presents a series of concerts during the winter months. Having a complete instrumentation of symphonic instruments) the band has the facilities /and is capable of playing the greatest works of the musical composers.
Under the directorship of Professor Emrick, the band will present a variety of selections ranging from solos to full band numbers, and from operatic gems to inspiring marches, in all, a program arranged to delight the entire audience, Among the selections tentatively planned for this concert are: “Southern Rc^,” Strauss; “Barber of Seville,” Rossini; “Student Prince”; “War March of the Priests,” from “Athalie” by Mendelssohn; and others. Sponsored by the Public Relations Committee of the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce, this concert is free of admission and is open to the general public. e.j.m.
.. . spoke last night at the meeting of the University chapter of the Society of Automotive Engineers held in room 212 of the Union. Boor, who is from the Fairfield Manufacturing company of Lafayette, told of his experiences in the making and improving of gears. At the meeting, plans were discussed for a program to be given for the Indiana section of the Society of Automotive Engineers nextlllarch.
To the Students of the University:
In order to promote the safety of ThiSkfa Iff both those who walk and those who * -/af
ride bicycles, it has become necessary to announce that riding of bicycles on campus sidewalks is proIdbited and that all the usual traflle regulations must be observed by
bicyde rlderk
EDWARD C. ELLIOTT.
AlChE Presents Medal To Borns, Ranking '42 In Chemical School University student branch of the AIChE presented William Boms of West Lafayette a scholarship medal at the regular meeting held last night in the Electrical Engineering Building. The award is made annually to the junior who has the highest scholastic index in the School of Chemical Engineering. Following this presentation Corydon H. Hall, ME ’20, spoke briefiy about insulation and then presented “Heat and Its Control,” a motion picture showing the various aspects of heat, the history of its use, new developments in its control and analysis, and prevention of heat losses. Hall is the local representative of the Johns Manville Corporation, which has huge testing and experimentation laboratories in New Jersey working constantly on the improvemeht of industrial in-
sulating materials.
About four hundred students and faculty members attended the meeting and the open forum which followed. Those who attended were given an illustrated booklet called “Heat — The Dramatic Story of Man’s Age-Old Struggle to Control Nature’s Most Powerful Force.”
j.f.a.
Dubberstein TellsOf Near East Sciences Speaking to over one hundred members and friends of Sigma Xi, research honorary, last night in Stanley Coulter Hall, Dr. Waldo H. Dubberstein of the Oriental Institute of Chicago related the beginnings of science in the ancient Near
East.
Illustrating his informal talk with rare clay tablets of the Babylonian and Assyrian empires. Dr. Dubberstein spoke of the beginnings of practical science, as mathematics, astrology, astronomy, geology, biology, chemistry and medi-
cine.
The decimal system, and other mathematical tables were well developed five thousand years ^o, and the Babylonians knew the use of cubic and even square root measurements, Dr. Dubberstein said. “Astronomy was studied,” said Dr. Dubberstein, “not to be moonstruck, but to recognize nature’s cycle and promote an accurate calendar.” e.w.n. Lt. Gordon Douglas . .. formerly of the city and now stationed at Scott Feld where he is serving as athletic and recreation officer, and Lieutenant H. K. Kirchner of the U. S. Army Air Corps spent a few hours Tuesday visiting the University and going over the air training facilities offered
here.
They made the trip from Scott Field in a new army bomber.
PROBABLE LINEUPS PURDUE POSITION WAYNE Ignejr F. .’.— -Van Vleck Sprowl F. NoMe Weber C .TrevilKan Blanken 6 _..JKingery Caress G Richards Officials—Referee, Karl Dickerson, Crawfordsville; Umpire, Robert
Riegel, Illinois.
Broadcast—^WBAA, Purdue.
Fresh from two consecutive victories over the St. Joseph Pumas and Western Illinois Teachers, the Boilermaker basketeers will face the strong Wayne university <iumtet in the Fieldhouse this evening at 7:30 o’clock. It will mark the third game in six days for Lambert’s charges, with both teams gunning
for their third straight victory.
. Grooming his hardwood crew for
the W&yne university encounter this evening. Ward Lambert is still striving to find his strongest quintet. The Detroiters present a dangerous five ^at is a threat to the Riveters, who are still in a decidely formative stage as far as their starting lineup is concerned. Experimenting in an effort to discover the most effective combination, Piggy realizes that he mayhave to sacrifice height and weight for the speed and clever passing of a smaller and lighter group. Lack of height has been evidenced by the failure of the Gold and Black forces
to control the rebounds.
In seeking their third consecutive -victory of the campaign, the Boilermakers face a team that is rapidly forging to the front as one of the better court combines in the
300 See Student Art Club's, Union's First Little 'Movie' Convo Showing to an appreciative crowd last night the Student Art Club and the Student Union presented the first of' a series of three Little (Movie) Convos. Over three hundred persons, many of ,them townspeople, saw four films in room 365
of the Union.
The first was a March of Time production, “The Movies March On,” giving a resume of the growth of the cinema to a leading industry. ‘“rhe River,” a U. S. documentary film, portrayed the tremendous role the Mississippi river has played in the lives of those living in the country through which it flows. The whole picture built up to the great need of flood control of the river which yearly runs wild over land laid bare by the ruthless stripping of forests, and ended with scenes of progress made in the Tennessee
Valley.
“Rhapsody in Steel” was produced by the Ford Motor company.. It, too, was a dramatization of fact, this time of miracles -with steel in an automobile factory. Concluding the program was an animated cartoon, “Mickey’s Grand Opera.” The enthusiasm of the audiende was proof of the tribute the public is willing to pay to products of creative imagination. The next Little (Movie) Convo will be shown on January 6, 1941. Again movies, not of the romantic type but showing exceptional creative intelligence, will be presented. 150 Couples . . . danced to the recordings of Harrison Blind at the Student Union tea dance held in the Union North Ballkoom yesterday afternoon from 4 to 6:30 o’clo*^.
Remember how the “BoUermaker Special” came about—because the students of the University thought we needed a mascot that really fitted our school, a mechanical one^ and because the Reamers saw it through. Tonight at the game another typical innovation will be made-.-the “Engineer’s YelL” It has been drafted by the Purdue Engineer, oked by Gimlet, Reamer, SkuR and Crescent, and Peppmr presidents, and will be distributed to Boilermakers at the game. What we mean is—lePs give this new addition to our fsmons “Tradition Family” a real try. country. Last season the Tartars served notice of their approach to big time college rating when t^h^ registered defeats over Gregon, defending national champion, and Iowa. The lads^ fr<»n up hficiugan way started their sdliedole in an impressive manner by crushing two state rivals, Midugan Normal and Alma, by large scores. Lk addition, they have the enviable record of not losing a game by more than three points in 1939-^.
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the foUoydng oflScers: president, Mitchel Cash, Ogden Dunes; vice-president. Jack Jewett, Niagara Falls, N. Y.; house manag(er, Harold Lambertus, Indianapolis; corresponding secretary, Edwin Scharf, New Albany.
Rassei "Gazette" Cover fioasfs Uplifting Pulchritude Display
By Patty Ryan
It’s heading the list of surprises —and we do meia;^e cover on this year’s “Police Ga^^e” which will be sold at the Riveters’ Rassei Friday night and on dimpus in typical “Yellow Dog” fashion Saturday morning for fi^ve cents. Believe it or not*^ the entire cover will be one gorgeous picture of one voluptuous girl, one of the Varga creations appearing by courtesy of
Esquire.
SheT go up on many a studybachelor’s wall.
But that’s just the bei^liidQig, because Mary Kiqr Miller, fadkioii editor of the Exponmit. wSl present the senior at the Rassei weanng the dirtiest (legally) cords with an engraved b^r mug Idled with ehed» for ^ort beers payaMe at
nearby establishments.
Tickets for fits Bassd are sUtt avdlable from pledges aad mmabera of Sigom Delta Chi, at tlia book stores and, befl^hkaiag tmanns row, in front ef the SLwqel
Prke ia
'kk i
I
"S
^oqAl-jMiWaA
W«dKiie8dciy« December IL 1940
The Column Well the Japs have their dander up a$:ain. They’re threatening to kick us in the shins if we so much as look crpss eyed at brother Adolph. Which is an encroachm^t on our inalienable rights. We’ll look cross eyed if we please. Then fix things up. By sending the Uttle men of Nippon an apology. * * * Or better still canceling the whole thing through international exchange. TItoy owe us one. * * Speaking of the Japanese, we have been taking an interest in the little fishing boats that follow the fleet as closely as the barnacles on their bottoms. * * * The fleet pulls out in the dead of night in a dense fogi under sealed orde^. They proceed, with boilers straining, at thirty kn<^s for hours and hours. When they drop anchor even the captain doesn’t know where they are, but as the sun rises. There are the same Japanese fishermen. * * * Fishing placidly. * * * With a pole in one hand, and a camera in the other. Admiral’s uniform hidden in the tackle box. * * * Of course all that stuff is just a disguise. Everybody knows that they are really natural scientists sent out from the land of the rising sun. To observe flora and fauna.—d.k.h.
The Purdue Expoaent SnteMd M •ceon4i«I«u nutter at the neat <Aic« to le* fMette, Indiana, il^er the aet^ of Conai^ lltoreh >> 183S, and at the ajmial rate of poitfwe provide^ tp'r to ■ection 1108, act of Qi^ber S, 1017, ani&trlaed Januarv SO'. 1922. PnbliBhed dailr except Mondav during the regular aeadenie year and weekly during i the Summer ScMion. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail euh* Bcription $8.60. — S« W. Donahue BnainoM Mapagor Iferle'Bagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor 3. H. McKee Managing Editor D. K, Heiple Aasociate Editom: W. B. H^ton, M. A. OehQtree, 3. A. Purcell, It. Vf, Knifner, R. M. Skallerup, 3, L. Tnugott. Businpss Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford: Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Doniu Siess. Sports Staff Editor J. P, Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. I Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Ine., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Purcell ASs’t Night Editor: Amos Day Editor: Miller Night Sports Editor: Swaim Stak: J. P. Zinski, E. W. Nordlinger, R. R. Runnion, M. K. Boynton, C. Leuty, R. E. Humrickhouse, S. H. Lowy, P. L. Brink, D. Davidson, J. Horr, C. A. Stoeckel, M. J. Fox, R. Eberts, W. M. Clark, and B. Lahr.
Pnrdne’s % Interesting h People
“Here you are, Mr. Wtorthing. May I tuke your tray, Mrs. Cedric? Hello, George. How’s everything? Food alright, Professor?” And so on, to some few hundred patrons every dhy, Carl Geiser, Union,bus boy, addfs that touch of psychological iniamacy to the everyday happenings the UnioiT^ifefeterias. To practically all the patrons Carl is able tp give a personalized greeting, calling each by name and adding soipe cemment pertinent to the customer alone. Knows Slogan Well Stariing last year as a counter boy, this senior who is a public service’ engineering student, now is head fl^r boy, making sure that the “customer is always right” and taking complaints in just the same manner. According to Carl, men and women customers don’t differ a great deal. It may be due to the home economics training that the women are more prone to complain about flavoring, etc., of the food. Main eomplaitft from the male side is arohsed by cold food. However, “Union food seems to stand the test quite adequately, as there aren’t a ^eat many complaints,” stated Carl. Favorite pet of the boys is “Oscar,” the coffee pot. Its history might almost be made a campus tradition. Comradeship among the counter and floor boys has been definitely strengthened by bowling conteste and baseball games encouraged by Carl. Warbler, Too A part of this personality’s leisure time is spent in singing. He is now president of the PIA men’s chorus and is also a member of the University choir. His P letter sweater indicates that he is a senior infa’amural manager. When hhnded his sheepskin this June, Carl will undoubtedly be among the very few who can coimt in the hundreds their acquaintances made in the short span of two years. —yoia?e! for more interest— foundation Plans ! I Christmas Party Purdue Christian Foundation will hold a Christmas party December 14, at the Lafpyette Christian chur^. ^l^.will be a “2-in-l” party with the group meeting at the church at ^ a. m, and then leaving for the;^Rple Point gating rink at 10 ii’clbck. Santa Claus will bring gifts to the pt. the. church and station I^F T^l “Ijroadcast.” Apyone conwith the Foundation, or any friend, is invited to come. The price fpr ticketp is 30 cents. Refreshmeu^ will be served at the church. l.m.b. ^ J liit^rfrafernity Bowling Due to the versity basketball game tonight, bowling matches have' be^ postponed until tomorI'ow. AD teams will howl as scheduled, bracket “A” at 8:45 p. m. and bracket “B” at 6:30 p. m.
Ether Edits
By Gordon GrifiSn You’ve heard us speak of Garry Moore many times, and here’s your chance to see him in action . . . the Beat the Band program, which he emcees, will bring Ted Weems and his gang to the Claypool Hotel in the Hoosier capital for the broadcast next Sunday at 6:30 p. m. If you are going to be down that way, we’ll guarantee you a good time ... if you get there early enough! Between now and then, hpwever, the inimitable Henry Aldrich (Ezra Stone) of the Aldrich Family series, is going to make history with his own Stamp Act. Thursday night, 7:30 p. m. over WMAQ, there will be two families “feudin’ ” over the ownership of some stamps. Henry’s romances are always worth listening to, and there will be one involved this week ... as usual. Same night, same station, at 9:00 p. m. Rudy Vallee brings to his listeners two personalities of Hollywood, Marlene Dietrich and John Barrymore. Going Buck Rogers one better, the play entitled “The Man Prom Mars” will feature Barrymore as a mad, eccentric scientist, who loads his lab assistant, Vallee, into a rocket ship and shoots away to the bellum planet where he falls under the spell of la Dietrich, the Queen of Mars. . . . p. s. This isn’t another Orson Welles broadcast!
NOTICE! The Purdue Student “Trailblazer Special” via Wabash-Pennsylvania Railroad will leave Lafayette, Wabash Station, at 1:15 p. m. CST, Saturday, December 21, instead of 1:15 p. m. EST as announced in Exponent of November 29.
Alpha Chi Rho . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Sigurd Peterson, Grovertown.
The latest thing in electronic gifts makes it possible for every man to be his own swing band. Dr. 0. H. Caldwell, who conducts the Radio Magic program (Fridays at 6:30 p. m. on NBC), will describe this and other awe-full wonders on his pre-Christmas survey of possible gifts. Any versatile amateur musician can record his voice in song, replay the record adding his own piano accompaniment, stick in a violin obligato the next time around, add the drums at his leisure, complete his orchestra whenever he can borrow the instruments, and there you have it—a one man band, actually played by one man! What won’t they, next?
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY
.BOB LIVIN^TON 0 RAYMOND HATTON DUNCAN RENALDO
AND
— WITH — BABY SANDY MISCHA AUER — ALSO —
• ADDED'BETTY BOOP'
—THURS. - FRI. - SAT.— PAROhl FIXER CAROLINA MOON KING OF ROYAL MOUNTED FIRST RUN NEWS
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
CARROLLS
^ Featuring The Most Beautiful Girls InThtWotId
Ken Murray •LiHi4QC9r«el| ). Carrol Naish • Rose Hobart -^UST TIMES TODAY-
fWIWi
.>7
mV
MCK OAK»* lOMM wmnm
&pect 609 To Atfend Welders' Conference Approximately six hundreji ipr dustrialists are expected to be on campus tomorrow and Fi:i<Jay the sixteenth annual Welders’ Conference, according to Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering. There will be two days of clinics, lectures and demonstrations on the use of welding in modern manufacturing. Conducted hy the departments of engineering extension and general engineering, and various manufacturers and users of welding equipment, the real purpose of the conference is to bring together those interested in welding and to discuss and demonstrate the latest methods in electric and oxy-acety-lene welding with the most modern equipment. This year’s convention will be unusual in that it will introduce many new clinics and displays, the idea being to acquaint those attending with newest developments in the industry. r.r.r. > HE Juniors Dis/day Chinese Art Objects Now on exhibit in the display case in the large hall of the Home Economics Building is a group of Chinese objects of art from the collection of J. A. Smith, a Lafayette citizen who recently returned from a two-year residence in Shanghai. Included in the exhibit are a bronze wine cup, incense burner, candle holder, charcoal iron, a sewing box decorated with semi-pre-cious stones, a jewelry cabinet of wood and brass, and an elaborately embroidered Chinese woman’s costume of coat and trousers. This is one of the weekly exhibits planned, collected and arranged as projects by junior home economics students specializing in clothing and textiles, and was arranged by Katherine Mimphy, Eleanor Peterson and Waurene Hoover, m.k.b.
LUMUk LAST DAY—2 HITS JOAN BLONDELL DICK POWELL — IN — "I WANT A DIVORCE' ALSO BRENDA JOYCE — IN — "PUBLIC DEB No. 1"
—THUR. - FRI. - SAT.— DON BARRY — IN — 'FRONTIER VENGEANCE'
ALSO
BABY SANDY STUART ERWIN , . — IN — 'SANDY GETS HER MAN'
\Mnmmt TOMORROW - FRIDAY
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Ltehfy
‘I don’t see why you can’t introduce us to your General—are you ashamed of your parents ?’’
High scorer in the Union bowling tournament this week is R. Stuckey of the Union team with a score of 182. Fighting for second place are Weitkamp, Animal Husbandry, Extension, with a score of 174.
Purdue-Ohio State Debate; Use 'Congressional Form' Last night a capacity crowd, made up chiefly of Speech 14 students, filled the Home Economics Auditorium to hear a novel type of intercollegiate debate. Several former debaters of the University introduced this style, which is called the “congressional form.” It differs from the usual debate in that no decision is made, and both sides are allowed to ask the speaker questions. The subject of the debate was a pertinent one, “Resolved: That the 'federal government should be vested with more power.” Seymour Udell and William Swager represented the affirmative for the University, while the negative view was
Newman Club Plan Party, Dance In Union Saturday The Newman Club will hold a combination Christmas dance and party in both Faculty Lounges of the Union at 9 o’clock Saturday night. Dates are not required for this affair. All members of the Newman Club are asked to bring a gift suitable for a small chilli* These gifts will afterwards be glyw to a charitable institution for distribution to needy children for Christmas. c.a.s. supported by John Bonner and Joseph Grigsby of Ohio State university. j.f.z.
— TODAY — TWO FIRST RUN HITS
GINGER ROGERS RONALD COLMAN —.IN — LUCKY PARTNERS
PLUS
ONE CROWDED NIGHT
Starts TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS!
Crime as
wftft BARIMIM DlHi MlWai * Jim tUK>ttoOK>fl!;|<»«
Styled by world's famous designer Henry Dreyfuss When it needs new points, it feeds new points—like a machine gun! Holds 6 months’ to 1 year’s supply of leads. No messy lead handling. See this smart new work-saver today!
GUARANTEED FOREVER! Evertharp Repeating Fendto $14K>le $304)0 Bvershoip Pen* to maMb $340 and vp
Plifffie
Vacation Time Calls.. . EXTRA CLOTHES!! Now is the time to have your
T6p Coats and Suits SAWITONE CLEANED for the Holiday Season!
Phone for Pick-up Don’t Delay!
Amerieaii il32 NORTHWESITON AVE.
Vf
’If" i: % V Y 4'
4,
t
V I'X
7>Weiiaesdajiv ti^ember 11, 1940
SEE —HUNDREDS OF SMART NEW NATIONALLY ADVERTISED CIIRISTlVtAS GIFTS AT TH E l^-PAT STORE 113 Nor^westem — Phone 2523 USE bUR -CHRiSTMAS LAYAWAY PLAN
^3^
Out of the World of Yesterday, Comes Fiction,
into the BROWSING ROOM Across from East Desk JhL fiwvdjaJL ^IfnsufniMisd^ The Comer of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
WAA News Thiileciti Ms Of
Oreek Squashmen Remain In Contest
^‘I don’t' know which one of us is carrying baby, but we’ll find out as soon as we can set down these bundles!”
/ Ry B^i'bara Lahr' Opce mor^ it is tims for the Fencing Tournament. It will,begin Friday, Dec. 13, at 4 o’clock and continue Tuesday, Dec. 17 at 4 o’clock. Several members of Silver 'Mask will referee. The following are eligible for the tournament and will receive 6 points for each match played: Jean Brackman, Jaquelynne Carr, Shirley Emhoff, Casey Hoskinson, Ann Mru:phy, Pat McFarland, Edith Wildermuth, Betty Godsey, Maxine Hass, Dolores Menefee, Naomi McEline, Jane Roberts, and Jean Thuerk. If for any reason any of the above cannot be present, they are asked to notify Pat McFarland.
—WAA—
Although the Intramural Volleyball Tournament is almost over, class tryouts will be held Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday of next week. Freshmen and Juniors are asked to be present at 4 p. m., and Seniors and Sophomores at 4:30 p. m. Two practices are required for the tournament to be held after the holidays. Eaclr person chosen for a class team will receive 100 WAA points.
—WAA—
Tomorrow night is the last time^ to make up practices for Riflery. Each team must have five members with five practices accredited to them. Intramural matches will begin Monday and end Tuesday of next week. Class matches will be held after Christmas.
—WAA—
Intramural Volleyball is about to be wound up with the playing of the final games this week. Monday’s results are as follows: Ward 1 24, Kappa Kappa Gamma 23; Chi Omega 42, Pi Beta Phi 16. Games will be played today and tomorrow
With preliminary matches already played off in the. interfraternity squash tournament, only 13 Greek racquet teams still remain in the competition for the fraternity squash title. Four houses still boast of undefeated teams while nine others have squads that have been victorious in three out of four of their matches. Those that have not yet suffered a defeat are Sigma Alpha Mu, Sigm^ Chi, Kappa Sigma, and Sigma Phi Epsilon. Teams from each of the following houses will play one of the others in the group for a chance to face one of the undefeated teams: Alpha Tau Omega, Alpha Gamma Rho, Lambda Chi Alpha, Sigma pi. Alpha Chi Rho, Pi Kappa Alpha and Triangle. The Pi Kappa Phi and Phi Sigma Kappa teams will play a njatch which will determine which will face the Triangle squad, d.w.m.
before the finals on Friday, December 13. Wednesday at 4 S. Hall vs. Alpha Xi Delta. Wood Hall vs. Kappa' Kappa Gamma. Thursday at 4 Thaeles vs. N. Hall. S. Hall vs. N. Hall (B). Thursday at 5 Otterbein vs. N. Hall (A). —WAA— Bowling tournament winners of first elimination: First place: Wards I, II, III, 639; Second place: Kappa Alpha Theta, 613. Highest individual scores: Mary Faustich, 168; Betty Galbraith, 153; Mary Mills, 164.
ONLY YOU Can Give This Gift ONLY TANCO Can Give You the Picture You Want No $1.00 "Specials”!! We Will Not Sacrifice Quality for Price TANCO STUDIO
eet More
Sports, Eort'. Spore' ^ Chew De'ieioos
OOUBIEMIMT 6BM Da^
•.roWetV • wholesome. j
V<l!l
Meet the Team
Lacking only final approval to make it authoritative, this year’s track schedule is complete and rea^ to give Coaelt Phillip’s cinder squad ^me might busy week-ends. Although this year’s track program is not yet ready for publication, track mentor Phillips assures us that it will afford his proteges plenty of competition and very little time for rest. . For the first time in the history
of Boilermaker athletics, this year’s squad is to be honored by being made host for the Big Ten indoor conference T&eet. Highlighting the season’s events, this meet should prove to be one of the high spots in the 1940-41 year of athletic ac-
tivities.
Scheduled to be run-off on two days, March 7 and 8, at least 170 athletes from other Big Ten schools wiU be on the Boilermaker campus ready for competition. Making certain that all out-of-town competitors for honors wiU be weU taken care of. Coach Phillips has already reserved rooms for them at the Union. In order to assure gala surroundings for the meet a committee is to be appointed for the decoration of the Fieldhouse. Starting out early in their preparation for the winter track schedule, a few hearty tracksters are already out daily. Regular practice will not begin until after Christmas vacation, however. Allowing no time to lapse after the opening of the second semester which also marks the beginning of the Western Conference winter track season, the first dual meet is to be held on February 1. This first test of the new Riveter cinder squad will be with Chicago and is scheduled to be rtin at the Windy City. January 30 marks the start of second semester on the R.9jlerm.a.ker euuipus which places the first meet only two days later. It seems that the Riveterctrad$sters can^ har4% wmt to begin their activities. dJw.m. Mkliigan Giidhfon Sbu Compo% DaiKiQff Chorus Changing radically from their rough and tumble tactics of the gridiron, nine' University of Midiigan football players, big brawny heroes just finished vath this year’s successful-season, are entering the dancing chorus of the annual Union Opera to be held soon at the Uni-
versity.
Renouncing aU rumors about the campus' that they can not get rid of their football clumsiness wMle dancing, they will take the part of chorines in the show.. Members of the dancing chorus are: .Captainelect Bob Westfall and Paul Kromer, backfield stars; linemen Reitben Kelto, Bob Flora, Bob Ingalls, Jack Butler and Bob Kqlesar,'^d ends Harhn Fraumann and Joe Rogers. Where’s Tom Harmon?
Presenting...
Forrest Sprawl
One of the shining lights of Piggy Lambert’s unusually large crop of junior netmen is a rather handsome forward who wanders around the hardwood under the name.of Forrest “Frosty” Sprowl. Frosty piled up a lot of points for the Boilermakers last season and just to prove that he hasn’t lost his touch, he has personally accounted for 24 tallies in the two Boilermaker encounters this year. Frosty hails from Oblong, Illinois, where he held the Illini high school individual scoring record. His basketball endeavors were started way back in grammar school, and during his high school days he managed to dig up three letters in basketball and added another pair in football. Last year, he was right behind Blanken for the Boilermaker scoring honors and ranked fourteenth in the Big Ten. His familiar number seven caused the opposing guards no end of worry, and from the talk that has driftpd in they aren’t looking forward to the ;job of covering him during the coming
net season.
The six foot, 170 pound sharpshooter is a junior in the School of Physical Education and plans to turn to coaching when he graduates. Proof of the fact that Frosty doesn’t spend all of his time playing football and basketball is the absence of his Delt pin on or about his person, and the name “SPROWL” on the Boilermaker prom ticket for the coming campus elections. '
4 Sore Double Top front and back Shadow Panel
Gowns — Pajamas in ttique stripe and trique suede run-resistant rayons. Perfect tailoring. Small, medium and large sizes.
THIEME & WAN6ERIN CO. It?
Well Bred —trim and easy shoes Your new handsome Cro^y Squares for town andbu^^ wear Ball have an atr of elegance that leveals their origin as reproductions o| custom-made sho^,;..Suave mascu^' Unity bespeaks thetr healthful, catefpee contort...Try on a pit today.
L.
B & W Shoe -Gow
Sldn'iBit
iiiiiiiiiiiijiiwwiiPii»««pwwi;e<bR
?ljl
}rm%
f ''
p I, g
%
'^' !■:
4
'.Vt
fia^e 4 ~%atuM
Wednesday# December 11# 1940
fiuAdusL
p:
1
Jjjnsdif^ JoUl
Pi Kappa Phi
Isolationists - Not Traitors
Several days ago in these columns we answered Allen Bailey, editor of the Delphi Citizen, in what we thought was a clear statement of the reasons for our attitude of isolationism. Yesterday in the mail we received several pamphlets which advised us to attend the “Youth Anti-War Congress.” No doubt, college newspapers all over the country received similar messages. That all of our readers, Mr. Bailey and other collegiate editors included, may know where Exponent stands on this new movement, we submit below our policy on the matter. First, in spite of the fact that we believe in isolationism we absolutely do not favor any course of appeasement or passive resistance where the welfare of the nation is concerned. At first this may sound contradictory, but as we have stated editorially before, we are being motivated by self-defense, and to us the best type of defense is a good offense. Hence we cannot condone the action of our so-called friends in New York who would have us gather at a Youth Congress and sabotage the defense preparations of the United States by organizing the youth of the country against conscription and military service, against the building of armaments, against the use of our industries in the manufacture of war materials. We agree that war materials and armaments are unproductive—we’ve said so several times. We agree that war is a reversion to the Dark Ages and is not the civilized approach to the settlement of disputes. We agree, in general, that war is Hell. But—^when the neighbor’s boy starts throwing fists it may be Christian-like to turn the other cheek, but it will be a damsite healthier to duck and throw a couple yourself. Besides from what we’ve observed about dictatorships, Christianity has a lot better chance of survival under a democracy, which champions the right of free worship, than under the materialistic dictators. The idea behind this congress may be a sound one, the possible solution of world problems, but for us “poker-playing, class-cutting, draft-ducking college heroes,” there are too many names on the sponsoring list that bear titles from labor unions, youth councils, and other more distinctly communistic organizations. No, we may be isolationists, but we’re not fifth columnists.
. . . social fraternity announces the initiation of the following students: Robert E. Honer, South Bend; George M. sYurkana, Whiting; William L. Swager, Ft. Wayne; Norman V. Beaman, Muncie; Robert E. Horne, South Bend; George H. Bennett, South Bend; Randall T. Murrill, Fredricktown, Mo.; James D. Cleveland, Chicago; Rudolph E. Kotteman, Chicago; Hugh W. McIntyre, Huntington, N. Y.; George T. Wilson, South Bend; and John B. Whyman, Chillicothe, O.
CB 61: A condition teat for the removnl of "C*' gradec in Hlghtirny Construction CB 61 will be given at 1 p. m. Saturday, December 14. in room 206 of Civil Building. —petty.
Co-ed Riflery: No shooting Nonday, December 9 or Wednesday, December 11. Shooting Tuesday and Thursday as usual. Each co-ed is to have 6 practices by Thursday, December 12, for intramural competition. —BLAGRAVE.
Notices
Skull and Crescent: On Thursday, December 12, at 7:80 p. m. the monthly reunion will be held in room 806 of the Union. —IaANIUS.
Tan Beta Pi: Meeting Thursday, December 12, at 4 p. m. in room 304' of Union. Discussion of important plans. Members expecting certificates and plaques must be present. —MONTGOMERY.
PI A Men's Chorus: Rehearsal schedule for next two weeks is as follows: Monday, December 2, 7:80 p. m. in room 807, Union. Wednesday, December 4, 7:80, room 807. Saturday, December 7, 2:00 p. m., in Union, Tower. Monday, December 9, 7:80 p. m.. room 807, Union. Wednesday, December 11, 7:80 p. m. in room 807. Saturday, December 14, 2:00 p. m. in 807. It is extremely important that everybody attend. —SMULEVITZ.
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: First group of pledges report at 8:46 p. m. in Union for pledge teat. Bring boxes. All themes are due by Wednesday at 4 p. m. All pledges will meet Thursday at 7 a. m. in the Armory in uniform. Second group of pledges will take pledge test Thursday night. —BLACKWELL.
Elementary Structures 22: Examination for the removal of C or I grades will be given December 14 from 1-4 p. m. in the Civil Building, room 301. Please contact me at once. —SONESON.
GE 35: Examination for removal of C or I grades December 14. Make arrangements in room 109 Michael Golden Shops before Friday, December 13. —OWEN.
AIME Members: Meeting Thursday, December 12, in room 202 in' Heavilon Hall at 7:30 p. m. There will be a sound color movie entitled “The Making and Shaping of Steel.” —PHILLIPS.
Flying Club Members: Short meeting called early because of basketball game, 7 p. m. in room 304 of Union, Wednesday, December 11. Bring dues. —HABICHT.
Fencers: All men interested in fencing and who have had previous experience report to the third floor in the Fieldhouse Wednesday, December 11, at 4 p. m. —WEGENER.
Zouaves: Meeting of all members and pledges in room 103 of the Armory at 4 p. m., Wednesday, December 11. —GIBSON.
Alpha Zeta: Important meeting at the Alpha Gamma Rho house immediately after the game Wednesday night. Be on time. —STEWART.
WSGA Executive Board: Regular' meeting Wednesday, December 11, at 4:15 p. m. in WSGA office. Change of time due to basketball game. —ZWIERLEIN.
Hair Cut 35c Shave 20e 117 N. Second St. Open Saturday Untill 9 p. m.
Personnel Notes
ward. Titus, Phone 2602.
Company: The National Radiator Company, Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Company’s Products: Radiators, etc. Representative: B. T. DuPont — Manager, Cast Products Division. Date of Visit: To be announced later. Will Interview: June, 1941 Graduates in ChE, EE, ME, and Met. E. Special Qualificatiims and Information: Important: To be considered for interview, men must complete by December 11th the regular Personnel Information Blanks available at the Personnel OfiSce.
Lost: Dark Green Parker Vacumatic fountain pen. Call 7994. Mary Frances Hnuter.
Anyone^who would be interested in selling a last year’s Debris for six dollars, call John Adaihson at 6021.
Company: Westinghouse Air Brake Company, Wilmerding, Pennsylvania. Company’s Products: Air Brakes, etc. Representative: C. F. Hammer — Engineer of Tests. Date of Visit: To be announced later. Will Interview: January, 1941 ME graduates. Special Qualifications and Information: Ihiportant: Those interested should fill out a personnel form which may be secured at the personnel office. This blank must be returned to the personnel office by 4 p. m. Wednesday, December 11. Printed data sheets may be used in place of this blank.
HEY ! !
How about taking home a car for the Christmas Vacation? For special mileage or time rates call the
Russ-Reni'-A-Car-Office PHONE 2407
All Student Special Train NICKEL PLATE & LACKAWANNA R. R.
All First Class, Airconditioned Coaches
CLEVELAND $ 9.10 BUFFALO 14.60 NEW YORK 21.80
All Fares Are Round Trip Coach Fares
Leaves Saturday, Dec. 21, at 1:00 p. m. Call Bob Bauman 3063
Company: Michigan Gas Transmission Corporation, Zionsville, Indiana. Company’s Products: Natural Gas Transmission Lines. Representative: C. D. Alstadt. Date of Visit: Tuesday, December 17, 1940. Will Interview: EE, ChE, ME— January Men. Types of Positions: Field work in Indiana. Special Qualifications and Information: Application blanks may be secured at the Personnel Office, and must be completed not later than Monday, December 16, at 4 p. m.
Classified Ads
fOB BAKJI Fpr Sale: Out of print books — Back number miigaaines.— Prints for art and economics classes. TeL 7411. The Old Bo<A Shop. 414 Fenr St, (Opposite Fowler Hot^)
TypawHtan and adding machines, new
and wad. for aale, rent and repaired. AU TWilfTt “**
ortaWe (gpevrlten, Itt.TC to
«6».W, ^
moltr
at I
worn, nan
For lUott »wa-Bent-A#Car Serviee. Can iue sB «ceasiaa». Min. HM9 all night Phona
tWl.
iW, OfSe* aawUn. Mimecmaph and
0. F. BbemtoC M* Madn
COMPLETE WITH BULB
The lES tag it carries is proof that it's easy on the eyes —it certifies that this study lamp has been approved by the Illuminating Engineering Society. It's just as easy to LOOK AT as to see with, too. Purdue's Black and Gold seal and letter are mounted on its fine parchment shade; an antique bronze standard harmonizes perfectly.
The quantity is limited—^stop in at our store and get your lamp now.
ttmts A United Stntcs Phnnnncopoein in room 266 of the Phnnuscg Building. Be-
PUBLIGfSERVICE COmPflnV OF inDIRtlP
All Students; Moving picture on posture will be shown at 4 p. m., Thursday, December 12, in the large lecture room of the Electarical Engineering Building. —LT. BAUM.
Buffalo Purdue Club: Alt students from Buffalo and western New York meet in room 212 of the Union Thurs^, DMember 12, at 7:30 p. m. —BAUMAN.
WAA Fencing: AU fencers out for practice Friday, December 6, and Tuesday, December 10. Tournament matches will begin Friday, December IS, at 4 p. m. In Women’s gym, —McFarland.
Chess Club: Meeting at 8 p. m., Wednesday, December 11, in Game Room of Union. All interested invited. —CURTNER.
Lutheran Student Association: There will be a meeting Thursday, December 12, at 4:16 p. m. in room 802 of the Union. Plans for a skating party Will be discussed, —MBZOFF.
Indiana Student Health Association: The tenth annual meeting will be held December 14 at Indiana university in the Union Building. Luncheon reservations may be made before the 10th by calling Ruth C. Irvin, phone 8001. —IRVIN.
Purdue Rifle Club: Rifle range in the Fieldhouse will be open to students during the following hours: Monday, 4-6:30 p. m., 7- 9 p. m,: Tuesday, 8-6 p. m.; Wednesday, 8- 6 p. ni., 7-9 p. ra.: Thursday 8-6 p. m., 7-9 p. m.,' Friday 8-6 p. m.; Saturday, 1-4 p. m. Range is reserved for matches only. Club members are urged to fire as many practice targets as possible from now on, as the first match will be fired January 11. There will be no meeting Wednesday, December 11. —GRAUTEN.
Religious Council: Meeting will be held at 7:80 p. m. Wednesday, December 11, in' spite of the ball game. Dr. Willard Uphaus, national executive secretary of Religion and Labor Foundation, will speak. —MANGUS.
APhA: Business meeting postponed until Wednesday, December 18. —^FULLER.
Thomas Say Entomology Society: Meeting Thursday, December 12, in' room 103 Agricultural Hall at 7,:30 p. m. All members please be present. —RICHMAN.
harming, fresh-^nd delightfuUy pretty —LENTH]^c*s “Pink Party” gift sets bring to die ypung girl the thrill of her first tottetries—especially created for herl The master gift set contains “Pink Party” Bouquet in a four ounce fiacon, a dram of “Pink Party” perfume, bath powder, face powder and lipst^h-priced at $4.75. Other “Pink Party” gift sets are listed below:
"pink party* Bath Povirder and 4 oz, fiacon of Bouquet $2.00
*piNX party’^ Bath Powder and 4 oz. atomizer presentation of ''pink party* Bouquet.......... $2.25
"piNK party* Talcum Powder and 4 oz. .flaocm of *VlNK PARTY* Bouquet $1.50
*ViNKPARrY*TalcumPowderand4oz.atomizerpNS’ eQtgrirtn n(’Vianc PanrV* Bnuqiief . ,, $1,75
Toiletries
Street Floor
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• School Suppliot
• Frofouional
DEACS Everythirni for a Collega &lucatlon
Riik Dontal Clinie A. RISK 0^ LUTHER A. RISK OR. HAROLD J.RISK 4th a Hain St. Phona STOi
• Hardwara
CHRISTMAS CARDS Exclusive Lines SOUTHWORTH'S
Sparb Hardwara Quality Mdie.—Right PricM 822 Main St. Phona 2777
• Dairy Products
Unireraity Book Storo Across form tha Union Next to tha Collaga Inn M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R.W."Oo<:"EppIa'40
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phona 46214
Locksmith
KEYS and LOCKS
WcNc and padlocks.
Auto kays a, spaclally, BIcyciaa, ac-
ciMoriaa and repairing.
AWLHAUPTS
209.11 N.9lh». 9hm.2a2l
! f'..
WSGA Independent Co-ed House Presidents and Representatives: There will be a meeting Thursday, December 12, at 7 p. m. in -the WSGA office. Miss Fraser will speak on recreation' With emphasis on holiday parties and games. All members are urged to attend. —DOHERTY,
t’
:r
4' 4,
i c %
r x
5; 't 1 I
f L