f
, it'!.®, ^
!w
i” , f,
\
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Unsettled, rain, sleet; or snow in the south, snow flurries in north.
Purdue Exponent
VoL 50 No. 81 WEDNESDAY Novembor 23.1938 Lofocyette. Indiona
i I ii
Tomorrow, continued cold.
Z-J85 ^
Annual Auto Show Opens Tomorrow In Armory Running currently with shows all over the country, tomorrow at 4 p. nu the Purdue branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers will open the 1938 auto show in the Armory. Displaying the ’39 models of many prominent makes, it will be open to the public from 4 to lO p. m. on November 24 and 25 and from 1 to 10 p. m. on November 26. ‘
Local automobile dealers have been contacted and space arranged for them in the Armory. Among the more interesting of the new car exhibits will be the recently introduced Ford Mercury, a larger, roomier car with a 95 horsepower engine. In addition, two ancient racers, a 1911 Marmon six and a four cylinder National, 1912, both winners of the 500 mile Indianapolis Speedway Classic in their time, will be featured at the show. Sharply contrasting the old racers will be one of the current place winners of the 500 mile grind. Old models may steal the show, however, as the annual “tin lizzie” contest prize^ for 20 dollars for the oldest car driven to the exhibit is being increased by a sum large enough to cover mileage expe^es^ to the show. SAE officials expect this contest to bring a large number of unique entries. A full three day program has been planned by the SAE, opening Thanksgiving with a WBAA broadcast as in former years. Delegates From 44 States To Convene Here In December Over 44 states will be represented when delegates to the annual Congress of the National Student Federation of America gather at the University durihg the week of December 26. Official host to the delegation will be the Student Senate and Governor Clifford M. Townsend has been invited to officiate at the opening of the congress. A national radio hookup for one of the meetings is being negotiated. Convenes Annually The NSFA is a federation of campus governing bodies from all over the United States. Student Senates or corresponding organizations of most major colleges have representatives with NSFA, which convenes annually to work out student problems. Last year’s convention was held at Albuquerque, N. M., and Dan Rohyans, Purdue representative, successfully bid for this year’s congress. Arrai\gements for the conference program and entertainment of the delegates are in charge of R. I. Schumacher. Two dances will be held in the Union ballroom during the week, and other special entertainipent is being planned. Civic, National Tie-Up The congress is primarily a “working conference,” and most of the time will be spent in panel discussions, plenary sessions, and committee meetings. Relationship of the college graduate to civic and national affairs will be the theme of this year’s session, the problem of the orientation of the graduate to the business world being considered. Other topics to receive attention are world peace, problems of student organizations, coordination of student activities, and sorority and fraternity problems. Approximately 200 men and women are expected, and several sororities and fraternities have been made available for the delegates. Beta Sigma PsL,. . . . social fraternity, announces the formal initiation of Henry R. Resner, Indianapolis; Stanley p. Werngren. Saint Louis, Mo., and the pledging of Henry W. Heard, Oak Park, 111.
Profs. Rising, Arm Produce New Film On Machine Design “Machine Design—A Study of Gears,” a new motion picture directed and produced by Prof. Justus Rising, head of the drawing department, an^ Professor David Arm of the mechanical engineering school, will be shown for the first time at 7 p. m. Friday in the large lecture room of the EE Building to juniors in the ME school. Lasting for 42 minutes, the film was produced for the purpose of offering instruction in the production of gears which can not be obtained except by special inspection trips for that purpose. This is the first time that instruction in this subject has been attempted by the use of film. A special showing will be made later for faculty, local manufacturers, and others who aided in its production. Script for the film was edited by Arm, and the photography by Rising. Among the cooperating firms were the Fairfield Company of Lafayette; Chevrolet plant at Muncie; Warner Gear Division of Borg Warner Corp. at Muncie; JFar-rell-Birmingham Company of Buffalo ; Machine Tool Company of Detroit; Benton Harbor, Mich., Malleable Industries, and others. ^ Dr. Marion Griffith.. . . . professor of clothing and textiles, was engaged to Dr., James Green Steed of Dayton, Ohio, Saturday. The engagement was announced in Columbus, Ohio, at a tea given by two members of the home economics staff of Ohio State University.
IVew Chemistry Building Will House Research Labs
New $150,000 Agricultural Chemistry Building
“State and private research laboratories will occupy the main floor of the newly-erected $150,000 Agricultural Chemistry Building,” announced Dr. H. R. Kraybill, state chemist and head of the Ag. Chem. department, last night. Offices for the enforcement of the seed and feed laws of the state are also being provided. First floor of the building will be occupied by a libi-ary, clerical offices, Dr. Kraybill’s private office, and a plant chemistry laboratory. The second floor will contain a laboratory for feed and fertilizer in.spection, staff offices, a combustion room, an optical I’oom, and an organic chemistry room. Research Labs Animals for research work will be kept in two well-ventilated rooms on the third floor. Also on the third
Senate Names Prom, Gala Week Petitioners For Dec. 13
... Union Maestro Clyde McCoy and his “Sugar Blues” orchestra, who will play for the Union Formal dance Friday night in the ballroom from 8:30 to 12:30.
Villain Gets Girls, Swing Trio Pictures Gone From Union Who tore down the Bennett Sisters ? . . . some irresponsible villain yesterday ripped off the pictures of the songstresses which adorned a poster outside the sweet shop. Perhaps they were taking a lead from “Tear It Down,” one of Clyde McC'oy’s top-notch specialties. Nevertheless, the lovely Bennett sisters, vocalists foi McCoy, no longer smile at passers-by in the lower Union hall. Sixty tickets at $1.75 still remain for the Union anniversary formal Friday night, when McCoy and the Bennett Sisters will themselves “Tear It Down.” They will be on sale all day today at the main Union desk. Safety Program Reduces State Fatalities 26 Per Cent Reviewing the state safety program and discussing how it has helped to reduce the number of fatalities in automobile accidents over last year, J. L. Lingo, University public safety specialist, addressed the annual community safety banquet here Thursday evening.
Planning School Will Convene On Campus December?, 8, and 9 A three day school dealing with county, city, and state planning will be held on the campus December 7, 8, and 9. The school will be under the auspices of the Engineering Extension Department and the school of civil engineering. The school is being conducted in cooperation with the State Planning Board, Municipal League of Indiana, American Society of Planning Officials, and the American Planning and Civic Association, and will be under the direction of Professor Lommell. Lommell, of the civil engineering school, has been a leader in city and town planning for many years. The program will include discussion of such topics as: basic steps in city planning, legal provisions for planning in Indiana, PWA, the layout of a master plan and official map, and other affiliated subjects. The school is being conducted for the benefit of city and county planning boards, and all others who are interested in this field. Special invitations have been sent to members of these boards. Cities contemplating action along this line are urged to send representatives. Cameron To Preside At Phi Gam Dinner M. W. Cameron, CE ’14, will pre- ‘ side over the 73rd annual state dinner of Phi Gamma Delta tonight at Indianapolis in the Indianapolis Athletic Club. Principal speaker of the evening will be Nathaniel Lever one, director of the Chicago Better Business Bureau. Field secretary of Phi Gamma Delta, Alan W. Johnson, will be present. Several hundred alumni and undergraduates from Hanover, Wabash, Purdue, Indiana, and Depauw will join in the reunion. Penalty Days... . . . for this semester include today, Friday, December 21, and January 5, it was announced by the dean of men’s office. These days represent the 24-hour periods before and after Thanksgiving Day and Christmas vacation. Any student absent from a regular class meeting on a penalty day will be assessed five dollars for each 24-hour period or fraction thereof missed.
Juniors, Seniors Begin Annual Campaign For Positions On Student Committees Campaigning, prior to the student elections for the Junior Prom and Gala Week Committee, will get under way as soon as petitions for these offices are being returned to the Student Senate office. Petitions, which have been available during the past week to students desiring to run for these posts, must be returned by Friday carrying the names of 50 classmates. Fifteen Prom petitions were tak-
3,i0 Hear Welsh Singers At Convo To the inspiring strains of “The March of the Men of Harlech,” the Welsh Imperial Singers, under the direction of conductor R. Festyn Davies, opened their second night’s performance before 3,000 students and faculty last night in Memorial Gym. Singing for sophomores and juniors, as well as a large group of townspeopl^e, the 16 voiced chorus again thrilled their audience with group and solo numbers, rendered in their inimitable style. Offering a program almost wholly different from Monday’s performance, the singers called on their vast repertoire of over 100 great songs to furnish the unusual variety for which they are noted. Songs of many races were given brilliant interpretation by these masters of the choral art, and request numbers gave the audience an opportunity to hear their favorite selections. Co-eds Hear Secrets Of Attractiveness “Don’t live to dress; dress to live,” Miss Jane Stewart of Wasson’s advised the co-eds attending the WSGA charm school held yesterday afternoon at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge. She also stated that style can not be bought. Each person is an individual type and should buy fashion to fit her own- style. Miss Stewart stressed the fact that all girls are pretty, but that they fail to be as attractive as they might be. To assist Miss Stewart, Treva Berry, WSGA chairman in charge of the charm school, and Yvonne DeBruton, the 1938 Indiana beauty queen modeled several this year’s fashions. Miss. DeBruton modeled several afternoon and sports costumes, among them a rich purple afternoon dress with one of the latest Dasche hats. To emphasize the appropriateness of black. Miss Berry modeled an afternoon dress of black with simple white trimming.
Old Oaken Backet Will Appear In Union Today
floor are a seed laboratory and two nutrition offices. Twenty graduates and 48 undergraduate students are at present at woi-k and majoring in the field of ag chemistry. All offices and equipment will be moved from the Ag Experiment Station to the Ag Chem Building within the next two weeks. A number of the different departments have already moved into the new building. One of the newest and most practical divisions of this building is the optical department, which will be used to determine the vitamin A and carotinoid pigments in plants. Additional study will be piade of the vitamin requirements of farm animals, and effects of various feeds on the quality’of meat and meat production.
The Old Oaken Bucket hangs once more! Instead of water the Memorial cross inlaid in the floor of the Purdue Memorial Union will lie below the Purdue-Indiana bucket for two days. Sponsored by the Exponent the bucket with its new ‘P’ added to the chain has been brought out of hiding for a two day exhibit beginning today. This is one of the few times that the bucket has ever visited the Union. Resting in its original trophy case, which formerly stood in the library, the bucket will lie in the middle of the main great hall of the Memorial Union from this afternoon until late Thursday evening. Symbol of the football rivalry between Purdue and Indiana since 1926, the possession of the bucket itself has been the subject of considerable friendly (?) competition. The ninth *P’ has been added, but not engraved as yet. Nine P’s, three I’s and two Pi’s at present adorn
the Bucket. Played by both bands during the intermission at the half of Saturday’s game was the song, “The Old Oaken Bucket,” by Woodworth. Words to this song run like this: “The moss-covered vessel I hailed as a treasure. For oft at noon, when returned from the field, I found it a somrce of exquisite pleasure. The purest and sweetest that nature can yield. How ardently I seized it, with hands that were glowing. And quick to the white pebbled bottom it fell. Then soon with the emblem of truth overflowing And dripping it rose from the well, The Old Oaken Bucket, the ironbound bucket, The moss-covered bucket that hangs in the well.”
en out before the deadline, and juniors have until 5:30 Friday evening to secure 50 of their classmates’ signatures. The petitioners are divided into two parties of seven each with one unaffiliated man running on the bull moose ticket. Prom Petitioners The parties have not as yet been designated by any special name. The petitioners listed by parties are ;Bennie Burns, Lloyd Farquhar, Frank Schleiker, Ralph Reiley, Bill Dunshee, Margaret Mitchell, and Vincent Hruby. ’The second party includes Jack Swinney, Louise Schickler, Wayne Heame, Paul Cooper, Allen Shackleton, Jim Hebbeler, and Jim Williamson. Julius Singer is unaffiliated. Of these seven will be elected. Twelve petitions have been taken out by seniors desiring places on the Gala Week committee. Those taking the petitions were: Dale Shinbeckler, Frances Eastbum, R. R. Hannas, Eleanor Turner, Robert Heine, Leon Jacobson, Ralph Maby, Dale Hutt, Verle Farrow, Stubby Meier, Paul Humphreys, and one unidentified person. Of these six will be elected. Deadline Friday All petitions must be turned in to the Student Senate office by 5:30 p. m. Friday. Seniors must secure 50 signatures in order to make their petitions valid. Elections for both Prom and Gala Week committees will be held on Tuesday, December 13. Only juniors and seniors are eligible to vote. The Prom committee will have charge of securing the orchestra and making arrangements for the prom, while the Gala Week committee will have charge of the gala week program in the spring. Campaigns will be wide open this year but the student senate urges all parties to refrain from defacing sidewalks and buildings with campaign literature and posters. Tryouts Held For Symphonic Band With tryouts beginning the first of the week. Professor P. S. Emrick hopes to launch his 1938 S3nnphonic Band on its rehearsals by next Monday, November 28. Ti-youts having been held for the trumpets on Monday and for clarinets yesterday, there remain only tryouts for horns, basses, baritones, and trombones today and for the rest of the reeds and all percussion instruments on Friday. Several local appearances have already been planned and the number of out of town engagements which are being contemplated should make this the largest concert season in the history of the band. Because of the high quality of the musicians trying out this year, the band should number approximately eighty pieces “Spots” stated. Wheeler To TeH Of World Affairs On Sunday. Nov. 27 G. D. Wheeler, qf the Lafayette YMCA, will address the Purdue Cosmopolitan Olnb at an open meeting Sunday, November 27 at 4:80 p. in. in the fheulty lounge of the Union. Mr. Wheeler,! who has been in Europe seveilai times, will speak on “The Part Propaganda Plays in Present World Affairs.”
1a
> i
i
£diLafdal
THE PUEDTIE EXPONENT
J>ScdtWtSL&
Wednesday, November 23, 1938
Purdue's Faculty... ... contributed 29 names to the latest volume of “Who’s Who In America,” bringing the total number of persons so honored up to 31,545. This year’s book is the twentieth biennial edition and contains 2,545 entirely new biographical sketches. “Who’s Who” has become a byword in this country as the list of the nation’s elite, both as to fame and to fortune. A person listed in the book is considered to have been placed in a sort of journalistic hall of fame. Quoting from the latest edition: “the names in “Who’s Who In America’ are selected not as the best but as an attempt to choose the best known men and women in the country in all lines of useful and reputable achievements—names much in the public eye, not locally, but nationally.” Those from the University staff included this' year are: Prof. Charles A. Behrens, biologist and bacteriologist; Prof. John L. Bray, metallurgist and head of the chemical engineering school; Prof. Herbert L. Creek, head of the English department; Prof. John J. Davis, head of the entomology department; Prof. Richard G. Dukes, dean of the graduate school; Prof. Howard E. Enders, dean of the school of science ; Prof. James A. Estey, head of the department of history and economics; Prof. Dressel D. Ewing, electrical engineer; Prof. Eric V. Greenfield, of the modem language department ; Prof. Oakel F. Hall, educator; Prof. C. Francis Harding, dean of the school of electrical engineering; Prof. William M. Hepburn, librarian; Prof. Charles B. Jordan, dean of the pharmacy school. Prof. Lloyd W. Josselyn, librarian; Prof. Llewellyn V. Ludy, mechanical engineer; Prof. Mary L. Matthews, dean of the home economics school; George S. Meikle, research director; Prof. Albert P. Poorman, of the applied mechanics department; Prof. Louis M. Sears, of the history department; Prof. R. Norris Shreve, head of the organic chemistry option; Prof. Emeritus Joseph C. Arthur, botanist; Edward C. Elliott, University president; Prof. William K. Hatt, civil engineer; Prof. Frederic B. Knight, head of the division of education and applied psychology; Prof. Henry R. Kraybill, head of the agricultural chemistry department; Prof. Andrey A. Potter, dean of the schools of engineering; David E. Ross, president of the University Board of Trustees; Prof. John H. Skinner, dean of
Entered as second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congrress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postatce provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60.
Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor — D. A. Bailey Associate Editors ...G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, E. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplln, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager.. W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugher^ National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger SPORTS staff Editor K. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief. REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BV National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago • Boston ' Los Angeles - San Francisco
Night Editor—Kroeplin Issue Editor—McKeighen Wednesday, November 23, 1938
the school of agriculture; and Prof. Gilbert A. Young, dean of the school of mechanical engineering. Men and women like these help put Purdue on the map; their individual fame adds to the University’s fame as an educational institution. They should be given at least as much credit for their share in improving Purdue’s reputation as athletic stars who bring a more popular form of fame.
to the Editor
Letters accepted for publication in this column must be accompanied by the writer’s signature and should be limited to 160 words in length. Ordinarily the author’s name will be published with the letter. If for reasons obvious to our readers the name is withheld, it will be kept in strict confidence. The Exponent does not assume any responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Music Room Is Cultural Center Dear Editor, ^ In a recent issue of your paper I became veiy interested in the letter addressed to yourself titled “Modern” music room. It seems that the writer of this letter wished to substitute music of modern swing bands for that of the old masters. When the plan for the Union was first made, it was decided that the building should offer the Purdue students social, recreational, as well as, cultural facilities. It is obvious that these principles have been followed for the sixteen years of the Union’s existence. The music room is one of the cultural centers that may be found in the building. To change the music room from what it is pow to a room for the pleasure of the jitterbugs would be a break away from the original plans of the Union. To have popular music in the music room would parallel the putting of cheap literature in the Browsing Room. If the students wish to have popular music, it might be possible for the Union Board to place a phonograph in either rooms B or C. As soon as the bad weather sets in, several Saturday afternoon tea-dances have been planned which should prove enjoyable to those who like their swing. If the writer of the letter could find an orchestra that would be interested in contributing its services, the Union Board would be only too grateful. E. S. MASON, ME ’39, Activities Chairman, Puidue Memorial Union.
Luvenia Bramblett, HE ’37, has received an appointrhent on the staff of the dietary department of the City Hospital at Indianapolis. She has recently completed her student dietician work at Grasslands Hospital, Valhalla, N. Y.
Research Chemist LeightyWill Speak To Chem. Society
“Recent Work on Hormones”will be discussed by Dr. J. A. Leighty, research chemist for Eli Lilly and Company, at the next meeting of the Purdue chapter of the American Chemical Society Friday night. A dinner in honor of Dr. Leighty will be held in the Union at 6 p. m. and the meeting will follow at 7:30 in the auditorium of Stanley Coulter Hall. Graduating from James Millikin University with an A. B. degree in 1931, Dr. Leighty came to Purdue and continued his work, receiving his M. S. degree in 1933 and Ph. D. in 1936. While at the University he conducted research under the supervision of Professor Corley on the “De-animation of Amino Acids,” publishing a paper on the subject. Upon graduation from Purdue, Dr. Leighty immediately went to work for the Eli Lilly Research Laboratory, continuing work on hormones. Active in this field, he has been credited with much progress in the work, besides gaining reputation as a good speaker. The meeting will be open and all persons interested are invited to attend by the AChS. Prof. R. H. Fowler, Leading English Physicisf, Will Lecture Here This Year A cablegram has been received by Dr. V. Lark-Horovitz, physics department head, from Cambridge, England, stating that Prof. R. H. Fowler professor of theoretical physics, Trinity College, Cambridge, England, has accepted an invitation to lecture at Purdue for five weeks during the second semester. Prof. Fowler is England’s leading theoretical physicist and has contributed numerous papers and books on various phases of theoretical physics. He has also been responsible to a large extent for the training of many of the theoretical physicists in England, Germany and this country. Details regarding time and subjects of the lectures will be announced later.
Browsing Room
By Roma Heidkamp “The Best Plays of 1937-38” is the nineteenth volume in this Year Book series begun with the issuance of the first volume in 1919-20. With fair completeness it covers most of the activities of the theatre year, and offers not only by excerpt and summary the 10 most successful and representative plays, but valuable information as to the full cast, number of performances, notes on actors and writers, and an informative analysis of the New York and Chicago seasons. The past season of experiment on Broadway has been outstanding because of its variety. It marks the third year of the government’s participation in dramatics. No Scenery Thornton Wilder’s “Our Town,” the Pultizer Prize winner, probably the most novel, was presented enttirely without scenery. The sceneryless stage, although representing nothing original, was used more effectively this season than in many previous years. The novelty, as well as its searching study of native character, offers absorbing reading. The collection also includes such plays as John Steinbeck’s “Of Mice And Men,” Clifford Odet’s “Golden Boy,” and undoubtedly the most delightful farce of the season, “Amphitryon 38” adapted by S. N. Behrman from Jean Giradeaux’s original. For all those interested in current plays, the production of plays, amateur dramatics, or just entertaining reading. Burns Mantle’s latest Year Book contains a wealth of of material.
ARC
-LAST TTMES TODAY-
DOUBU DAMQEI^I
-AND—
^ rm TMSIEE MESQyiTii^S
— Also — ‘Flash Gordon’s Trip to Mars,” Serial
THURS. — FRL — SAT. “NIGHT SPOT” “SUDDEN BILL DORN” “LONE RANGER”
ALLE
SCHOOL OF IL%IIICI N€m CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION FOR STUDENTS OF PURDUE Beginner’s Opens Wed., Nov. 30th
7:30 P. M.
Advanced Opens Thurs., Dec. 1st
7:30 P. M.
No Lessons Given During Holiday i I LI Vacation. P. M. Allen, Instructor ENROLL NOW
PHONE 2150
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licbty
. ISUby
After several sessions in the Sweet Shop draining glasses on our nose, we are ready agaih with a bit of stuff. One of the best suggestions we’ve heard in connection with the past week-end and Monday night’s celebrations is that the name Boilermakers be changed to Blazer Boys. It seems so much more fitting. —0— ’Tis said that CHUCK PETRY of the Phi Psi house sends a rose to a certain young maiden in the Pi Phi annex every day. The ceremony is to continue until the gal accepts his pin. Better make it a flower every other day, Chuck. Those florist bills really run up. —0— SERIES: Columnist: “I’ll be back in a flash with a flash.” Slave Driver: “I’ll be back in a flash with a lash.” Poker Player: “I’ll be back in a flash with a flush.” Drinker: “I’ll be back in a flash with a flask.” —0— We hear that the new Kappa pledges are laying low. At least they’re keeping out of the actives’ sight! Reports have it that they put crackei crumbs in the actives’ beds Monday night. The Kappas say they know whose idea it was, but they are going to give every single pledge a super good workout. —O— And the Alpha Chis take anothei Beta into the house . . . well, a pin anyhow. Ona Morrison has been wealing Sullivan’s pin since Saturday night, and has it chained already. The Alpha Chis are settingup a monopoly on campus Beta pins . . . that makes about foui in the house. Nice work, girls! —0— Just in case you’re interested, a bachelor is a man who didn’t have a car when he was young. Beware! —0— There a^-e still some jokesters on the campus in spite of any different ideas you may have. Just ask the Pedalions if you are in doubt. The girls had a bit of trouble concerning a lantern and some struggling-to-be-funny eds. But maybe we had better skip the whole business. It was a kind of pathetic kind of humor anyhow!
“YOU complain of a hard day at the office? Why, my work has just begun!”
Again one of the Sigma Nuisances was pretty sour. ED LITTLE promised the boys a beer party when he put his pin out. They thought it was pretty awful when MELBA DAVISON was seen minus the pin. Did they feel foolish when they discovered that the pin was at the jeweler’s getting a new guard. —0— We are making a survey of student philosophies of life. As in most things, some are better than others. One of the best is the philosophy of Theta Chi Roy Fuller (one of the boys with a vegetable brush haircut) who expresses his feelings by saying only “Fall In Love.” —O— FAMOUS LAST/ THOUGHT: ! About the only red a communistic investigator could find on this campus would be smudges of lipstick on collars.
WB A A Programs
Today 11:00—^American Institution—-Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:60—-Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farms Facts for Farm Folks. 12:16—Sports Review—Dick Shively 12 :30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Wanita Wilson—soprano. 1:00—Meditations—Rev. Geo. Ritchey. 1:16—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Story Time. 1:46—Market Reports. 2 :00—Charles Powell—pianist. 2 :30—The Home Decorator. 2 :45—Hymn Echoes—Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 3 :00—Concert Review. 4 :00—Contract Bridge Chats—Julius Born. 4:16—Dick Curtner—pianist. 4:80—-Purdue Round Table. 4:46—Story Book Hour.
MAAS
LAST DAY-
PilSeiLLA IHNE WAYNE raiSiS JOHNNIE <SCAr0AVi$ JANE BRYAN'EDDIE ALBERT MMlD ROGM'JIUIE WniU.IENtr (mou
TOMORROW - FRI.
iam£iu
-LAST DAY—
iBMT WAl
RAINER FERNAND ■' ^ GRAVE! MILIZA KORIUS
HUGH HERBERT'' ' LIONEL ATWILL ' Directed by Jufien Duviviet Tomorrow — Fri
LUMA — LAST DAY— Double Feature
SIMONE SIMON DON AMECHE — in — “JOSETTE” — and — BARBARA STANWYCK HERBERT MARSHALL — in — “Always Goodbye”
TOMORROW-FRI.-SAT. TOM BROWN — in — “Swing That Cheer” — and — BOB STEELE — in — “Doomed at Sundown’
TODAY iota cojiiedy of movie star and press agent!
A MOVIE QUIZ PICTURE
— Starting — TOMORROW
A Double Thanksgiving Treat I
Now She’s a Dancinar Alice!
Pino
BETTE DAVIS PAT O’BREIN — in — “HELL’S HOUSE”Wednesday, November 23, 1938
THE PURDUE
E3CPONENT
9 0
Boilermaker Hardwood Schedule Opens
Here Against Monmouth College Dec. 12
Twenty days from today the 1938-39 Boilermaker basketball team will open the season at the Fieldhouse in a game against Monmouth College of Illinois, December 12. Four more home games will follow, with the last contest of the calendar year away from home on December 28. This game is against Arkansas University at New Orleans, and will be a part of the festivities which will be climaxed with the Sugar Bowl football
game. Northwestern opens the Big Ten season here January 7. Each of the other nine teams will be played during the conference season, in accordance with a ruling which goes into effect this fall. Home and home ^ games are scheduled with Wisconsin, Illinois, and Indiana. Of the 19 games, 12 will be played at home. i The complete schedule follows: Schedule Dec. 12—Monmouth at Purdue. • Dec. 14—Detroit at Purdue. Dec. 17—DePaul at Purdue. Dec. 19—Connecticut State at Pur- , due. Dec. 22—Southern California at Purdue. ^ Dec. 28—^Arkansas at New Orleans. Jan. 3—Illinois State Teachers at Purdue. Jan. 7—^Northwestern at'Purdue. ^ Jan. 14—^lowa at Iowa City. Jan. 16—Indiana at Bloomington. Feb. 6—^Wisconsin at Purdue. vFeb. 11—Illinois at Purdue. Feb. 13—Minnesota at Minneapolis. Feb. 18—^Wisconsin at Madison. Feb. 20—Illinois at Champaign. Feb. 26—Michigan at Purdue. Feb. 27—Indiana at Purdue. Mar. 4—Ohio State at Columbus. , Mar. 6—Chicago at Purdue.
Wrestling Tryouts Weigh In This Week
All wrestlers interested in entering the annual all-campus tournament must weigh in in the dressing room of the Fieldhouse on Wednesday and Friday from 4 to 6, and on Saturday morning. The tournament will be held on November 26th and 29th. The purpose of the tournament is to help Coach Reeck find new material for the wrestling team. He is especially interested in new men who have not tried out for wrestling before. Held every year under the direction of Coach Reeck, the tournament is open to all students who are interested in wrestling.
Intramural Notices
BASKETBALL PRACTICE GAMES Today
A volume of rural Michigan songs and ballads has been completed by Wayne’s Prof. Emelyn E. Gardner and Alumna Geraldine J. Chickoring.
Buy Your ARROW Shirts and Ties at
DEWENTER’S
How to pick up a good-looker!
yjTiether or not you are having glamour trouble, Arrow Shirts have a way of stepping up your appearance. They not only make you look better t— but feel better. They have the Mitoga tailored fit, smart new patterns, and the best-looking collars that ever graced a neck. Sanforized Shrunk.
( »
Pick up a few of these good lookers today, at your nearest Arrow
18 S3.50
ARROIV SHIRTS
You’ll always find the latest ARROW styles
at
GULLION’S
i
ielder’s... ...choice
It’s less than three weeks before the first basketball game of the season . . . everybody’s wondering what a championship team will be like without Sines and Young and Malaska . . . the main basketball floor is in the process of being put togetti^r in the Fieldhouse at present, so the squad is working out upstairs. —fc—
Ray Abbott’s imitation of a bugle sounding taps at the Mars before the free show Monday night was as goo^ as the real McCoy which students heard when the VMI bugler blew in “Brother Rat.” —^fc—
We asked Joe Mihal who that person was who bet President Elliott on the outcome of the Old Oaken Bucket game Joe didn’t mention the man’s name but he recalled with pleasure the bet. .. —fc—
Court 1: Officials, R. L. Igney, C. B. Luce. 7 :00—Sigma Alpha Mu vs Tau Kappa Epsilon 7 ‘16—Sigma Chi vs. Theta Chi 8 .25—Ward 13 vs Ward 7. 8 ‘40—Ward 6X vs. Ward lOX. Court 2:—Official, F G. Witsman 7 00—Sigma Nu vs Theta Tau. 7 .15—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Theta Xi. 8 .25—Ward 21 vs Ward 7X Court 3: Officials, D. R. Foster, Ed Cooper. 7 -00—Sigma Pi vs. Triangle. 7 ‘IS—Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Acacia. 8 ‘26—Waid 8X vs. Ward 18X. i
IorrA
//V^—
You'd never dream that the compellinq beauty of Trique Suede ... with its rich dull surface and run proof doublebar weave . . . deftly fashioned into flattering gowns and smart pajamas . . . could be had so inoxpensivelyl
Exclusive Agents
THIEME & WANGERIN COMPANY
622-626 Main St^reet
Bodeau Takes 13lh Water Carnival Will Feature Imported
Plate In First NCAA ^With Local Stars In Annual Show
Cross Country Run Touchball Final
By R. H. Taylor
Driving across the tape 10 yards ahead of the field, Gregory Rice, stocky Notre Dame runner, won the first annual National Collegiate Athletic Association cross country championship held over a fourmile course at East Lansing, Mich., on Monday afternoon. Indiana University, led by Big Ten champ Mel Trutt, who finished fourth, took the team championship and the Central Intercollegiate crown.
Ends In 6-6 Tie
Rice led the pack home in the time of 20:12.9, establishing the first national intercollegiate mark and breaking the previous course and Central Conference record.
It was at the first scrimmage of the season, and the same day that Dr. Elliott left for the Philippines, that the President came out to the practice field and told the squad a few things . . . one of which was about a bet he had made . . A cablegram was to be sent to the Philippines describing the game to Dr. Elliott . . . the loser was to pay for the message, and, as Dr. Elliott said at the time, “A cablegram to the Philippines costs about 70 cents a word.” —^fc—
Boilermaker Art Bodeau led the Purdue contingent in by finishing in 13th place. Reeves finished 34th to take over the second place for the Boilermakers. Knapp, Kaulke, Marozick, White and Fatout finished in that order for Purdue. The Boilermaker squad finished sixth in the team competition.
Two Billiard Meets Scheduled Tonight In Union At 7:30
gCary Hall 9 and Terry House played to a 6-6 draw last evening in an attempt to play off the final game of the ward-Cary Hall touchball schedule. The first half of the game was a see-saw affair, with neither team being able to cross the goal. In the second half Cary Hall 9 suddenly came to life, completing two passes, the second of which Ernest Keffner caught for a touchdown, and Terry House was forced to take a six-point deficit. The Terry team played desperately late in the game, but the final play that saved it from suffering defeat for the first time this year came in the last 30 seconds. Klein dropped back and tossed a pass to Terry House Conklin, who caught it out of the blackening sky and darted across for the tying score. Terry House and Cary Hall 9 will meet again next Monday to play off the championship.
By Rolfe Jenkins
Layden Lists Duties Of Quarterbacks
Joe said that the return of the opening kickoff by Brown ( and the other 10) was the best play he had seen in college . . . and it looked mighty good to us. —^fc—
A turkey dinner, even though it is away from home, is a turkey dinner. And a turkey dinner will be the payoff for the champions in the two billiard tournaments which will be played in the Union Billiard Room this evening at 7:30. ''
Nobe Kizer just came into the office ... he look^ a lot better . . . they stood up and gave him a great ovation at the banquet Monday evening . . . he’ll be back in his office next semester, taking over his duties as athletic director. —^fc—
Primarily instituted for the benefit of the students who are unable to return to their homes for the traditional Thanksgiving dinner, two rapid-fire billiard tournaments are played each year on the evening before Thanksgiving.
Arch (Chicago Tribune) Ward says in his Wake of the News that a Texas wag has the post-season bowl games all figured out: Texas Christian’s first team should play in the Rose Bowl, the second team in the Sugar Bowl, and the third team in the Cotton Bowl.
H. G. Wilson and John Breese ate turkey after the tournament last year, after winding up in top positions in the three-cushion tournament, while W. Wright and H. F. Bockstege got their meal by outclassing their opponents in the rotation tournament.
University Club Party
All students who wish may enter the tournament today; no fee is charged for play. From previous contests, indications are that approximately 36 students will talk turkey in the Billiard Room, according to F. E. “Pop” Whitney, who is in charge of the affair.
Will Be Held Monday
HAYS JEWELRY CO.
EAST SIBE OF SQUARE VINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
arenou
AC and DC
SCHICH SHAVERS
Recent improvements to the STANDARD SCHICK SHAVER increase its power, give you longer service with the minimum of trouble. $12.50 (was $15). The new "COLONEL” SCHICK SHAVER is the standard with six new extro, features, including a new high-speed motor with forced draft ventilation that gives double power! It is the great luxury for a man’s personal comfort. $15 (De luxe, in ivory bakelite, $16.50).
Syhick Shavers shave with no injury to the skin: giving quick, close, comfortable shaves.
Let us show them to you—today!
LOEB & H e NE COAAPANV Main Floor
One of the best water carnivals in years will be presented by the Dolphin and Triton Clubs thi^ week. Performances will be given on Friday and Saturday nights at 7:30 p. m., with a matinee on Saturday at 2 p. m. in the Fieldhouse pool. Tickets for the show are priced at 40 cents for the evening performance and 30e for the Saturday afternoon show.
Guest stars from the Indianapolis Athletic Club, and a young swimmer from Lane Tech in Chicago will be featured on the program. The lAC is also going to send an exhibition team to demonstrate the proper strangling tactics of the popular water polo game.
Lookie, Here Comes Cookie!
Elmer Layden, coach of Notre Dame’s undefeated 1938 eleven, who was the main speaker at the Boilermaker football banquet Monday night, has a long article in this week’s Saturday Evening Post entitled “No Quarter for Quarterbacks.” , “Secondi-guessing is an all-Ameri-can custom when the fodder’s in the shock,” Layden says, in defense of the quarterback, who is always held responsible for plays that fail. He lists the intricate duties of the field general, and demonstrates how some wrong plays go right, while some plays which have been chosen with the best judgment, have turned out wrong.
Barbara Cook and George Wildhack, local diving stars, will contribute to the exhibition. Barbara has quite a string of titles to her credit. She won the national jxmior highboard diving championship in 1936 and at the present time holds second place in the National Senior lowboard event. By virtue of her previous performances it may be said that she is a serious contender for the Olympics. George Wildhack will also thrill those who enjoy aquatic performances with his diving skill. Holder of the title for the middle states high board event, and ninth place winner in the National contest, Wildhack will give one of his unusually good exhibitions.
The Broken Records?
Records in the Indiana-Kentucky 500 yard free-style, the 150 yard backstroke, and the 100 yard free style will be in danger. These races will be made with the proper measurements taken so that if the records are broken, it will become official. Otto Jaritz, from Chicago, is another of the better high school aquatic stars who will display their skill at the carnival. During the summer Jaritz traveled in Ehirope with the nine man team from America to compete in swimming exhibitions and meets abroad. At the present time he holds the second place title in the National AAU 100 yard free style event. He is the Illinois state champion in both the
Members of the University Club will be entertained by an informal party next Monday in the Memorial Union Building. Dancing in the ballroom and bridge in the faculty lounge will be provided from nine until midnight.
Eta Kappa Nu..,
. . , honorary, electrical engineering fraternity, announces its 19 3 8 pledge class. The pledges, scholars of the EE school, can be recog;nized on the campus by their dry cell batteries. They are as follows: seniors; J. F. Clark, C. E. Parker, H. W. Aram, P. S. Dinius, J, W. Rieke, J. M. Crump, J. R. Dorsey, C. B. Stone, J. Bali, G. S. Johnson, J. H. VanHorn, C. A. Richards, R. L. Mansfield, E. H. Lederer. Juniors: G. M. Adams, W. Brown, and R. N. Keen. 60 yard and 100 yard events.
New Victor Records Released This Week
• 26088 Make-Believe—F.T. The Blue Room—F.T. Benny Goodman and Orchestra
• 26089
I Never Knew—F.T. Sweet Sue-Just You—F.T.
Benny Goodman and Orchestra
\
• 26090
S'WonderfuI—F.T. I Must Have That Man—F.T. Benny Goodman and Orchestra
26091
Sweet Georgia Brown—F.T. Opus 1/2—F.T. Benny Goodman and Orchestra
26097
A Room With A View—F.T. Down Home Rag—F.T. Tommy Dorsey and Orchestra
26098
Conga De Noche—Conga Nora—Punto Guaviro
Xavier Cugat and Orchestra
THE FOSTER SHOP
East Side SfiMr*H 4
3kcaL OdA,
tIflS PuRDdB ipCpO£lE3#
%oikaA.
Wednendity. Novdiiib^r 23, 1933
Six Purdue Schools Dr. Andrews Takes Awarded Fellowships Post In Puerto Rico
Company: The Procter and Gamble Company, Ivorydale, Ohio. Representative: H. R. Langman, Plant Superintendent. Visiting Purdue: Thursday, December 1. Interviewing: Chemical and mechanical engineering seniors. Literature: Available in the offices of Professors Bray and Young. ME and ChE seniors interested in employment with this company sign up in their school office for consideration. —O— Company: Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, N. Y. Interested in: Mechanical and Chemical engineering seniors, physicists, accountants, salesmen. Literature: Available in the offices of Professors Bray, Young, Abbott, Enders, and the Personnel Office. Seniors and Grad Students who are interested in this company, sign up in school office for consideration by the head of your school. —0— Students who want help in studies they find unusually difficult may take advantage of the tutoring service which is made available by Tau Beta Pi, honorary engineering society. Tutors are available for most of the first and second year subjects. The fee is fifty cents per hour. Those desiring this help should apply at the Personnel Office, gi’oimd floor. Executive Building. A tutor should never be considered as a person who should prepare one’s lessons. He can serve the delinquent student best by giving aid in evaluating the importance of course material and clarifying the use of principles which are basic to the course. A student who engages the srevices of a tutor will get the most for his money if he first examines the material covered to date in the course, determining what portion he does not understand, and then prepares questions to ask the tutor. Dr. Carr To Lecture Before Anzac Groups Dr. Ralph H. Carr, of the department of agricultural chemistry, who is studjdng agricultural conditions in Australia, has been listed among the speakers to appear on the Academy of Science programs there. He is also listed to make a series of addresses before various college groups. Dr. Carr arrived in Australia on September 5 and since then has sent 60 different soil samples back to the University. He also intends to collect various varieties of wheat for the agronomy department.
More than'SO rese&tch fellowships have been given to the University and will be put into effect this year under the auspices of the Research Foundation, according to the announcement made yesterday by G. Stanley Meikle, director of the Research Relations With Industry organization. In the school of agriculture there is one XR fund fellowship in agricultural economics and one XR fellowship in spectroscopy. A Continental Steel Company fellowship in protective coating, a Seagram Company fellowship on corrosion research, and one XR fund fellowship in electrodeposition research have been awarded to the school of chemical engineering. CE’s Receive Fellowship The school of civil engineering has received one XR fund fellowship in sand-mica and sand-mica-bentonite mixtures. The school of electrical engineering has received one Civil Aeronautics Authority Fellowship in rain and snow static elimination in aerial navigation, a Purdue Research Foundation fellowship in radio control of Flightone, Purdue Research fellowship in vacuum tube research, one Purdue Research Foundation fellowship in radio research and several Radio Corporation of America fellowships in television. Two Purdue Research Foundation fellowships in low cost housing operation research were awarded the school of mechanical engineering. One Western Shade Cloth Company fellowship in chemistry of fabrics was awarded to the school of home economics. English Dept. Calls For Student Creative Writers Students interested in creative writing are invited to submit manuscripts to the English department for possible publication in Hoosier College Verse. ^ Edited by Dean Wahnita DeLong of Evansville College, the proposed annual publication will contain the year’s best verse by students in colleges and universities throughout the state. The first issue is scheduled for publication early next spring, so in order to be considered, manuscripts must be in before the end of the present semester.
FOR SALE
FOK SALE—Double-barrel 12 gauge shotgun. Call Crane 2352.
MISCELLANEOUS TTFBWBITBKS—AU make*. aUmdsTd and portable, aold, parohased, rented and repaired. Nevr Portable maeUnea aa low aa $29.V6. Bnpidici. C. F. Bbenbeff, Main atreet.
WANTED—^Your laundry. New low prices. Call 86614. New methods.
LOST—Gold rimmed glasses in dark brown case. Finder plase call Hannas 8421. Reward
LOST—Brown overcoat m Union cafeteria. Will finder call MeWorkman 7B913. Reward.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
TRAPPERS AND HUNTERS Complete stock of guns and shells. Also trapping equipment.
SPERB HARDWARE 822-24 Main Street
We hope that you enjoy it.” City Meat and Poultry Co.
220 North 3rd Street
Phone 5372
More than 60,000 students in 83 U. S. colleges and universities are members of the Independent Men’s Association.
Dr. John S. Andrews, University graduate, has recently accepted a position as parisitologist in the agriculture experiment station of the University of Puerto Rico, located at Rio Preddras, Puerto Rico. His duties will be concerned With parasites of cattle and sheep. Dr. Andrews received his bachelors degree from Purdue in 1927 and his masters in 1929. He worked as a zoologist in the Department of Agriculture until his recent appointment. His recent work, which earned him his doctor’s degree from Johns Hopkins University, has ben concerned with internal parasites in sheep.
Grinnel College has opened a dating bureau.
Co-ed Bowlers: Tournament postponed until Wednesday, November 80. —STOCKER.
Men’s Bowling: Tournament postponed from Thanksgiving until Thursday, December 1. —WILLIAMSON.
POMM: Those members wishing keys sign up in supply room by Saturday, November 26. Price will be deducted from cadet pay. —DONOVAN.
Tau Beta Pi: National President’s banquet Saturday, November 26, at 6:00 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. Actives, alumni, and pledges are requested to be present. —SMITH.
Purdue Engineer: The following men report to Squires in the Engineer office today November 23, at 4 p. m.; McElroy, Shooter, Hawkins, Pox, Layson, Fisher, Ferrence, Botsford, Ely, Mossberg. —FELIX.
Recreational Swim: There will be no open swim for co-eds Thursday, November 24. —YEAGER.
Exponent Workers: There will be no work Thanksgiving day or night as no paper will be published the morning of Friday, November 26. —HARDIN.
Activity Bureau General Board: There will be a meeting in the activities office today, November 23, at 7:16 p. m. —JACOBSON. Camera Club: Mounting boards, tissue, and entry blanks will be available in the Student Union office from 4 to 6:60 p. m. Wednesday and Friday, November 23 and 25. —MORRISON.
LEAVING FOR Southern Missouii via Vincennes, Eldorado and Cairo, today, Wednesday, and returning Sunday Call immediately to make arrangements. Roger Fisher, Caiy Hall North West Phone 8421.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—A brown poeketbook 1 Call Donald Botkin 6991. ‘
Military; The sixth and last novice group will start Tuesday, November 29. All students wishing to fire in this group should sign up in the Supply Room of the Armory before 12 noon, Friday, November 26. —HOLMES
Tau Beta Pi: Formal pledging at the Union, Friday, November 26, at 6 :16 p m —SMITH
Mortar Board: Compulsory meeting in the WSGA office Friday, November 25, at 6 p. m Please wear your jackets —WOOD.
PIA Dance Class: The dance class will not meet today, November 23, because of the Thanksgiving holiday. The class will meet regularly Monday, November 28, at 7 p. m. —HEINE.
Lafayette Philatelic Society: Meeting in room B of the Union at 7:30 p. m. today, November 23 —MILLER.
Pi Tan Sigma: Pledging tonight, November 23, at 7 p. m. at Alpha Chi Rho house. Members and pledges please be prompt. —HARVEY.
Agronomy Students: Meeting in Room B of the Union Tuesday, November 29, at 7 :30 p m Guests and faculty invited. -FLANAGAN.
Playshop Party; Meet at Fowler Hall, 7:80 Wednesday, November 23, for playshop party. Thirty-five cents admission. Refreshments, dancing, and entertainment. All prospective members and present members cordially invited. —HETTEMA.
University Orchestra; No rehearsal this week. (11-26) —PHILLIPS.
Roger Williams Club: Annual Thanks-
AMiRICA’S GRAMOEST GIFT AT CHRISTMAS
See our complete stock of newest El gins. Best values in 74 years! It’s part of the Christmas tradition — that thrill that comes with Elgin-giving. In leading American families Elgin has been the gift for generations. See our new gift Elgins today!
Lovely EIgin"American Beanty”with 15 jewels wWe# 9
Jewels in eolid gold.
365.00
RICHARD J. BATH 605 Main Street
giving outing Thursday, November 24, at Big Rhcfc dfi fipi^^Mitte. Mwt at Lafayette Pajatist, chu^h at 2:86 p. in. Transportation will be furnished. —NELSON. Wesley Foundation: Co-operative Thanksgiving dinner for all whO wish to join with us. ■ Call Irene SirthOrlln, ohalrtfian. (11-24) —McFADDEN. Physical Bdneation for Women: All women taking P. E. W. 51, B8 or 65 must have a posture picture taken by this afternoon at 4 p. m. Posture conferences being Friday, November 26. —HAZELTON. Pnrdue Atchers: Meeting Wednesday, November 28, 7:80 p. m., in room 106 of the Fieldhouse. Shooting afterwards. —KINZER.
PENALTY DATES: Dnringi the .present r semostoir f are; nary . . periods before and after Thanksgiving Day and the Christmas recess. —FISHER.
Fifth Novice Pistol Gmnp: Will drO Mon« day afternoon, November 21. It Is expected to complete the fore of this group Wednesday, November 23. —HAYFORD. 1 Activities Bnrean: All those who received letters from the Activity Biireku cOncemltig the moving picture that Is being prodneed. please send me, at the activitleO bilreilu, a y dated list of your group or special functions, includihg the date, time of day, and the place in -which it is to be filmed. —BAKER.
Thanksgiving Specials Time-honored desserts full of real home-baked flavor. Let us take hours of work off your shoulders. We cater to sororities and fraternities. Graves quality Bakery
124 State, W. L.
Phone 3852
We Are Thankful
For PEACE, and Peace-Minded Men,
Side Office
in this strife-stricken World of today.
132
Vine Si.
We Appreciate too
Phone
Your Kindliness to a
New-
7278
Comer in your midst.
your
Good Will, and your
ever-
increasing patronage.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. ]. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Professional
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A RISK—D D.S HAROLD J. RISK—DDS LUTHER A. RISK—DDS. Schultz Building 4h and Mam Phone 5701
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Florists
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street Phones 7955—8050
• Dress Shops
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
ALL WOOL SWEATERS Variety of Colors 99c to $2.95 Val-U Dress Shop
K,