Purdue Exponent
WEDNESDAY
November 30, 1938
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 66
Annual Debris
Carveth Wells To Speak
At Convocation Monday to start Today
Welders Gather
-BeairtySe,^).' Fot Conference
H
Carveth Wells, noted British explorer, author, and lectijrer/ will appear at the University lecture convocation Monday, December 5, in the Memorial Gymnasium at 8 p. m. “Baron Munchausen II,” is his unofficial title as his lectures, all backed by. actual facts, are startling enough to sound exaggerated.
Originally & civil engineer and aS-
Valparaiso To Close School Of Pharmacy; Plan Transfer Here
Valparaiso University’s school of pharmacy is being discontinued and arrangements have been made for the enrollment of the 19 sophomores ' and juniors into the pharmacy school of Purdue. Dr. Walter G. Friedrich, dean of Valparaiso U. and Dean C. B. Jordan, school of pharmacy, made the joint announcement yesterday, adding that the transfer of credits would be comT)lete. Pharmacy Jias been taught for many years at Valparaiso, but rather than provide funds to meet the growing demands of professional pharmacy training, the course will be permanently abolished at the end of the current academic year. Seniors ■will finish their course at Valparaiso, but underclassmen and future students in this field will enroll at Purdue. The University school of pharmacy has been a leader in its field for more than 50 years, with Dean Jordan ,a recognized authority on pharmacy education, its present head.
sistant professor at London University, Wells found exploration and writing on his experiences more profitable. Wells has written ten books on his explorations and travels since 1925, the latest book covering his trailer trip through Mexico in 1935. “Mountains of the Moon” Wells has led expeditions to Arctic Lapland, Mountains of the Moon in Africa, Kenya and Tankayika on the Caribbean Sea, Caucasus Mountains in Russia, and latest to Panama and Mexico. Besides writing he has lectured widely in the United States, Great Britain, Norway, and Sweden, and has gained great popularity through his regular radio feature. “Mountains of the Moon” will be Carveth Well’s subject for the Convocation. Real name of the mountains which aie located in Cential Equatorial Africa are the Ruwenzori Mountains. The mountains were discovered by the British explorer, Stanley, first climbed by the Italian Duke of Abiizzi; and first explored by Wells. One of Carveth’s shoit tall stories of this land has it that the parsley grows to nine feet and heather to fifty feet m height.
“Search for Beauty,” gets under way today as the annual Debris Beauty contest opens. Being the highest beauty honor on the campus, the right to grace the pages of the 1939 Debris should be sought after by many, Debris officials hope-
fully stated last night.
Suggestions for candidates should be placed in a box which will be provided at the west desk of the Union today through the deadline, December 8. All students are eligible to recommend entrants for the
contest.
This year through the efforts of Playshop, Debris, and the Union, the contest, which has been set for Saturday, December 10 ar7:30 p.m. in the Union ballroom, will be run off in an impressive manner, with an orchestra and vocalists furnishing entertainment during intermis-
sions.
Debris staff members will contact nominees, and Playshoppers, masters of the art of looking tops, will offer instruction in walking and proper carriage. Playshop members will also have charge of the ceremonies Saturday" night, in which a committee of judges, not yet announced, will make the final selections on the basis of beauty, figure, and poise.
On Campus Today
More than 500 welding engineers are expected to attend the 14th annual Purdue University Welding Conference meeting here tomorrow and Friday. The conference was developed under the leadership of the late Prof. J. D. Hoffman, and his assistants in the practical mechanics department.
The program lor this year has been directed largely toward the users of welding equipment. Speakers have been chosen from various phases of the industry, and will present the latest developments in equipment for the benefit of the small operator as well as the manuifacturer who does large quantities of welding.
Program Topics Some of the topics include, “Safety Practice in Oxy-acetylene Welding,” “Arc Welding as Applied to the Manufacture of Heavy Road Machinery,” and “Qualifying Workmen for High Pressure Welding.” Many of the talks of the conference will be illustrated with pictures, all of a practical nature.
Lahman Will Analyze
Debate For Delegates
WSGA Interviews
Football Attacked Co-eds For Placement
In Hutchins'Article In Campus Activities
In “Gate Receipt?^ and Glory” lappearing in this week's Saturday Evening Post, Robert M. Htitchins, president of Chicago University, scoffs at football as higher education and advocates the return of colleges and universities to the educators. The author states that he does not expect anything to be done about “over-emphasis on athletics” because nobody wants or dares to defy the public, dishearten the students, or deprive alma mater of the loyalty of the alumni. Hutchins cites Reed Institute in Oregon and Johns Hopkins in Maryland as examples of schools that have overcome the evils of athleticism. He offers a plan of his own to take the big money away from college athletics.
Activity interviewing of freshmen and transfer womerT by the WSGA Activities committee is nearing completion, with a total of 500 girls having been interviewed. This work has been carried on during the past six weeks by Elizabeth Barnes, committee chairman, with Paula Zwierlein, Bonita House, Helen Fleming, and Jane Black. Following completion of the interviewing, the committee will compile a repoit of the activity inteiests of women students, which will be presented to the WSGA boaid. Plans aie now being made for interviewing all co-eds in the University during the second semester. This will serve as a pei’manent activity record to be kept on file in the office of the Dean of Women.
Critique by Prof. Carroll Lahman, of Western State Teachers’ College, Kalamazoo, Mich., will follow an intercollegiate Big Ten debate between Purdue and Ohio State, which will open the ninth annual Indiana High School Debaters’ Conference here on Friday and Saturday. Upholding the affirmative side of “Resolved: That the U. S. should establish an alliance with Great Britain,” Joe Rittenhouse and Bob Sasser, of the University, will talk against 'an Ohio State negative team composed of Joe Grigsby and Sam Shapiro. This debate is intended to serve as an example to high school speakers who will debate Saturday afternoon to determine the championship high school team. Prof. P. E. Lull, of the University speech depai-tment, is directing the Conference.
A feature of the meeting will be an exhibit of both gas and electric welding equipment and supplies. There wil^ also be demonstrations of welding and cutting procedures with explanations by representatives of the companies showing the equipment. ' The conference is arranged as a means of presenting up-to-date information to engineering students and to those engaged in industry.
Custodians Offered
State Training Course
Under auspices of the University education and applied psychology department and engineering extension department, training conferences for school custodians have been started in four counties of Indiana, with plans to cover every county by September, 1939. George Bush, of the University, is in charge of the conferences and is working in cooperation with the State Department of Public Instruction.
Tickets For Masked
Ball Still Available
Hardin Tops Collegiate Cattle Judges As
Team Places 12th At Livestock Exposition
“Competition is just as tough, and there seems to be more entries than ever before,” said Professor C. Harper, of the Animal Husbandry department, follo-wing the sheep judging show at the International Livestock Exposition in Chicago last Monday. Keeping pace with entries of former years, Purdue’s herds took one first place and several second and third places. Lowell Hardin, Exponent Manag- —i———*
Tickets for the WAA Masked Ball will remain on sale today, tomorrow and Friday from 4 to 5 in the Union by the Sweet Shop door. Today and tomorrow at 5 tickets will be on sale at both residence halls. Ticket sales in the sorority houses will continue until Friday. Bud Bryant’s band will furnish the music for thife second co-ed bid dance of the year. Special instructions by Miss Knight of the physical education department on dancing the Lambeth Wplk are planned as a pai-t of the evening’s entertainment.
In Can oil county Bush is holding classes every Saturday, while the classes meet on Tuesdays in Clinton county. Custodians of Cass county meet on Wednesdays, and Boone county custodians meet each Thursday. Benton and Warren county classes are being organized at the piesent time.
“Local communities have a vast amount of money invested in school plants, and training for men in charge of those plants is important,” said Bush. “We hope to cover the state so that by next September every county will have had the opportunity for this training for custodians.”
Alpha Chi Rho...
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Bruce H. Morgan of Chicago, 111.
Gala Week Parties
Chosen For Election
Five new petitions, with 50 senior signatures on each, reposed in the hands of the Student Senate Elections Committee at 5 p. m. yesterday as the deadline for turning in Gala Week petitions was reached. The status of the parties as they now stand
is as follows:
The Boilermaker Party includes R. R. Hannas, Cary Club; Eleanor Turner, Pi Beta Phi; Herbert Royer, Beta Theta Pi; Milton Reeves, Delta Tau Delta; Anthony Ippolito, Theta Chi; and Dale Hutt, Phi Kap-
W. Cory Will Discuss Salesmanship Before
pa Thu.
The Progressive Party includes Ralph Maby, Independent; Stubby Meier, Cary Club; Vqrle Farrow, Independent; Dale Schinbeckler, Acacia; Martha Baker, Independent; and Fred Baase, Cary Club.
AIEE Meeting Tonight
Due to a misunderstanding, the name of Jack Swinney was omitted from the names of the Boilermaker Party Junior Prom members in yesterday’s Exponent.
“What is the difference between a sales engineer and an ordinary salesman? How important is the technical side of a sales engineer’s education? What are some of the problems encountered by a sales engineer and how are they solved ?”
Script Contest Plans
Nearing Completion
Final plans are being made for the third annual Southworth Script Trophy Contest, which is conducted by the Purdue Independent Association and sponsored by Mrs. Ray M. Southworth. The purpose of the contest, which is open to every student on tRe campus, is to stimulate interest in writing plays and skits suitable for radio or stage presentation.
These are three of the vital questions concerning sales engineering work which will be answered by W. M. Cory, EE ’17, representative of the James R. Kearney Corporation, St. Louis, Mo., manufacturers of electrical utility equipment, in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building at 7:15 tonight.
Sponsored by the local chapter of AIEE, and open to all students and the public, the purpose of the meeting is to enlighten interested students, particularly seniors who are facing interviews -with industrial representatives concerning the sales problems in engineering fields.
The plays, which are to be one act in length, are limited to 30 minutes, and the skits to between 15 and 30 minutes. The writer and PIA will each receive 50 per cent of the money obtained from selling the manuscript. The sponsors have the right to produce and experiment with the entx'ies.
Discuss Yellow Slips
At Meeting Of WSGA
February 1,1939 will be the deadline for the contest, and all manuscripts must be turned in by that time to the PIA office. Other information concerning the contest will be released at a later date.
Dr. Jakot To Speak Here On Transmission Of Heat
Dr. Max Jakot, member of the faculty of the Armour Institute of Technology r.esearch foundation, will speak on the Science of Heat Transmission today and tomorrow in rdom 207 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Jakot will speak at three sessions, the first session being held at 4 o’clock this afternoon. He will discuss “Fundamental Laws of Heat Transmission.” Tonight he will speak on “Decisive Properties of Matter.”
“Yellow slips” was the subject of a brief discussion at the WSGA House Presidents meeting yesterday afternoon at the Union. Suggestions and study helps for girls who received yellow slips were given. Anne -Gauger announced that their Co-op house at 103 Russell was having open house next Sunday afternoon, and invited everyone to attend. Suggestions for social activities for the houses will be "brought before the next House Presidents’ meeting Tuesday, December 6, and a ward chairman from PIA will discuss ward activities. All members are requested to attend. - ^
Culture Conference Plans DiscussedAtWSGASchool
Thursday evening he will conclude the series of lectures on “Typical Methods.”
Mary Cooley discussed the organization of a vocational guidance conference last night at the WSGA sophomore training school. Using the recent Culture Conference as an example, she outlined the details of planning and arranging for such a conference. Betty Elstun will speak at the training school tomorrow afternoon.
Monroe To Preside At Speech 14 Convo In Fowler Hall Tonight As Six Reach Finals
Finals of the annual Speech 14 convocation will be held in Fowler Hall at 7:30 this evening. Professor Monroe, head of the University speech department, will preside at the meeting. Six students will present business proposals at this time. Those selected for the finals include: F. H. Minger, N. 0. Kirkby, J. E. Day, J. T. Ryder, R. S. Schmitt, and A. J. Helmle.
ing Editor, as a member of the University livestock judging team topped 134 other collegiate judges/ to win top honors in the cattle judging contest. Hardin also won 8th in the judging of all four major lelasses of livestock’—horses, cattle, sheep, and swine.
Exchange Student Describes Life In Stockholm
Livestock Judges Norman Gossard, also of the University judging team won 6th place judging hogs. Purdue’s team, composed of Hardin, Gossard, Gilman, Stuart, Robert Harper, and Hai'old Woody, placed 2nd judging cattle, 10th judging sheep, and 12th as a team judging all classes of livestock. T. A. Coleman of the University Extension department, succeeded H. W. Marshall, Lafayette publisher and president of the International Livestock Exposition, as director of the Aberdeen Angus Breeders” ’Association.
(Editor’s note: This is the first in a series of monthly articles to be written on student life in Sweden by George W. Trefts. For the last two years Trefts studied mechanical engineering at Purdue, but this year he entered the Royal Technical University of Stockholm as an exchange student from here.)
.By George W. Trefts I arrived in Stockholm on September 1, two days earlier than expected. I came to Sweden via England on the Cunard White Star liner, the Queen Mary. Connections were made in London fqr a boat from England to Sweden sooner than I had been previously informed so my arrival was not expected by any of the people who were going to meet me in Stockholm. As a result, I had difficulty in finding my way around. School here and in America is entirely different as I see it through
the Royal Technical University in Stockholm. Schedules and methods of teaching are quite different here. After passing their student examinations, in our equivalent of high school, boys enter any University they choose. This University has 1,400 students and is overcrowded. Many boys are turned away each year, and ^ome wait as long as two years before they are able to enter. A year in the military service is required of each boy when he becomes 21 years old. This means a year of actual military training during Which he can do nothing else. That is one reason why the boys in the University here are older than the students in America.
Classes From 8 a. m. To 8 p. m. Most second year boys are 22, and one third year student I know is 30 years old. There is no school life here as one finds in America. Classes are from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Each class is Ywo hours long, no matter what the course. Closes begin at 8:15 a. m. and conUntie until 9 a. m. Then a 15-minute’rest period or recess is given. At 9:15 classes are resumed and continue until 10— and so on through the day. No text books are used at all, and only a few reference books. Sweden, being a very small country, has no higher technical books in her own language. All technical books used for reference are printed in German or English. All courses
are lectures in which the students take notes. At the end of the course, the students have the equivalent of a book on that particular subject. Most professors write everything on the board, so notes can be taken directly in the words of the professor, making them clearer and more concise. Attendance Not Compulsory A revised schedule could cut the day down immensely, but no one has given it much thought. Many students have two lectures at the same hour. Since attendance is not compulsory, they have friends take notes for them. There are one or two big examinations for each of the courses at the end of the term. (Continued on page 2)
These six men were selected from the 650 students taking Speech 14 this semester by a series of elimination contests. At each meeting of the class the best speaker of the day was selected and summarily the best speaker of the class was chosen. The best speakers from each of the 25 speech 14 divisions met in room 301 University Hall at 4 p.m. yesterday for the semi-finals. The six finalists were selected from this group by a committee composed of departmental instructors. The meeting is open to all. Attendance of Speech 14 students is requested but not required by the speech department. ,
1HE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Fair today, and probably tomox'row. Continued mild.£dibfdaL
THE FOBDUE EXPONENT
J-aaiuMA, Wednesday. November 30, 1938
Stag Lines... . . . can either make a dance a complete success, or can be the bane of the ballroom .Those at yesterday afternoon’s Student Union sponsored tea dance popularly acclaimed the affair a success. Many eds and co-eds say they really enjoyed this dance innovation and are crying “more.” Stag lines are something new at Purdue, and have appeared only at PIA or Student Union tea dances. Their advisability and proper functioning may bear investigation. A certain “etiquette of the stag line” has been developed at colleges where stag lines have been acclaimed and accepted, although it seems to vary a great deal with locality. In all cases, the gentleman is free to cut if he knows either lady or man. If he knows the man but not the girl, the first dancer introduces him. If he knows neither dancer, the only thing he can correctly do is to find someone who Imows the girl. Both parties then go out on the floor, the cut is made, and the mutual acquaintance leaves after introducing the man to the lady. It is the girl, of course, who is “put on the spot.” In some localities she must dance with any and all correct cutters if she wishes to remain in the good graces of the ballroom, and for her to refuse a cut would be unpardonable. With other groups, it is quite permissible for a girl to courteously refuse a cut, although the man must never do so unless she so desires. The solution of this problem seems to be generally made by the popular feeling of the specific group. Certainly, every fellow wants to cut in on that beautiful blond all he can without overdoing it. But at the same time he should be considerate enough to give the less beautiful girls a bit of cutting. It is commonly up to the girl’s date to see that she receives a fair amount of cuts, requesting his friends to cut if necessary. Some dances provide “ushers” primarily for this purpose. Stag lines at tea dances are commendable; PIA sponsored them even last year. The advisability of holding a mixer with a limited stag line might be questioned. At present probably too many men are accustomed to dancing with the same girl all night and would resent intrusion. Aside from the very informal tea dances, here would be an interesting experiment for some enterprising sorority. The Kappa’s at Illinois recently tried it with very favorable results, according to reports. Each girl could pass in to the dance chairman a list of two or three men whom she would like to see in the stag line, aside from her date. Any vacancies arising from duplications on this list could easily be filled in.
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congnress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postaKo provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1022. Published daily except Monday durinp the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Manapinp Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor — D. A. Bailey Associate Editors.. .G. W. Frederick, E. C. Houston, B. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplln, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local AdvertisinK Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager — — W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger SPORTS STAFF Editor. B. L. McDonald Associate Editors - J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard CO-ED STAFF Editor. _ Sally McKee Associate Editors Joj Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wlckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Uhion Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student oidnions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief. REPRESENTED FOR NJ^TIONAU ADVEHTISINO BV National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative A20 Madison Ave, New York, N. Y. Chicago Boston * Los Angeles - San Francisco
Night Editor—Kroeplin Issue Editor— DeHoog Wednesday, November 30, 1938 These men are sent R. S. V. P. invitations from the sorority, and do not know exactly from whom the invitation might have come. With a properly conducted and considerate stag line this dance could be one of the most popular and talked-about social affairs ever given on the campus. At least, it would be a proving ground for the stag line, newest dance development at Purdue. Perhaps the ideas suggested here are all wrong: perhaps John and Mary Student have widely different ideas. What do you think of the stag line proposition, men and women of Purdue?—^D. G. T. Gala Week... . . . committees may obtain free publicity Thursday morning if they will turn ip platform material up to 200 words by 6 p. m. tonight. These platforms may be written purely as publicity for the candidates—^the Exponent will present them as such with the proper explanation.
Exchange Student— (Continued from page 1)
There are no daily quizzes. A full year of practical experience is required to obtain one’s degree. The school hasn’t the laboratory facilities for the shops that Purdue has. The practical work received in school here is therefore nil and a year of practical experience is imperative before a degree as an engineer is given to a student. The time used for shop work at Purdue is used here in technical study. They are very theoretical and tech- , nical here. The University is classed as good or better than the German universities, thus making it one of the best in Europe. It is therefore a great opportunity for an exchange student to study here for one year. Plan of Study Same The undergraduate exchange student here, as in other countries, must arrange a plan of studies to correspond with those at his university in America. This is very difficult because even at Purdue the courses are not taught the same as in other technical schools. I take subjects here which consist of the same material as my third year at Purdue. The courses are not identical but approximately the same. My plan of courses for the first semester is; 1. Mechanics (dynamics). 2. Stress and strain of materials. 8. Steam engines and boilers. 4. Internal combustion engines. 5. Industrial organization. 6. Electricity. The above names are literal translations of the Swedish equivalents. These courses are not all thud year courses here. I have second, third, and fourth year courses—40 hours a week.. By June I hope to have had the equivalent of my third year in America plus all the advantages of (Continued on page 4)
Fraternity, Ward Teams To Play Opening Games In Basketball Tournaments After a week’^f practice games, fraternity and ward basketball teams will open league play this evening. Defending titles won last season, will be the Sigma Pi team in the fraternity “A” league, and Ward 6 in the ward competition. A new system of selecting teams to play in the finals of the fraternity tournament is being inaugurated by the intra-mural department this year. The upper bracket will be composed of the 24 teams which stood highest in last year’s play. Six teams will be chosen from this group to play in the finals. Two teams will be selected from the ten teams lowest in last year’s standings to enter the play-off against the six teams from the upper bracket.
and the Alpha Chi-Kappa Delta Rho exchange dinner. —H-H— Attention—just as we were about to conclude today’s ramblings, a chum from the WAA oifice called us saying that the plans for having a long-dress affair have changed. Short dresses will be considered correct attire at the dance. So many co-eds were opposed to the idea of a long dress-business suit combination that it was decided to have informality the rule. The masks which are to be worn will be provided at the door. We hear the tickets aie really disappearing, so you’d better get on the ball if your plans are not yet completed.
and Jder By Georgann Schilling
Pei haps it’s the sudden change in weather which has been hindering my channel of thoughts. Like the outside temperatuie they’ie not so hot lately. But as long as people go on wealing clever clothes, do daffy dances, or just go to school, this column will keep telling of something—anything about people. —H-H— Next door neighbois, the Thetas and the Betas, will have dinner together tonight as a part of the regular weekly exchange dinners. The .“Vlpha Gamma Rhos are entertaining the Kappas, the Chi O’s will exchange with the Delta Chi’s. Completing the list of trade dinners is the Pi Phi dinner at Cary Hall
TODAY DOUBLE HORROR SHOW CRIME OF DR. CRESPI with ERIC VON STROHEIM Plus CROOKED CIRCLE
STARTS THURSDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
P 20th Centu''y^
Plus—
TROUBLE AT MIDNIGHT with LARRY BLAKE
Bto,
WHAT IS THIS . . . . . . school coming to; before you know it the' eds will be wearing suits to class. We’re speaking of the tea dance that was held in the Union yesterday. THERE IS A . . . . . . certain SAE who has been trying to get his name in this column for better than two years. The boy is none other than DICK “MoonGlow” OBLINGER. Along with Dick is JACK SMALLEY; he hasn’t been trying to make the column but!!!! THE CHI “0” . . , . . . house has another pin. It’s a Beta this time and the boy is VAN HOOK and the girl is LENA HIBBS. We wonder if there is anything in a name. WHAT HAS HAPPENED . . . . . . between CHARLIE METZ, Phi Kappa Sigma, and PEGGY TERSTEGGE, Theta? That looked like the real McCoy, but we notice the Peggy is on the go with some of the Debris boys. RONNY JACQUESS . . . ... of the Terry House spent Friday at home last week, which caused a slight assessment of five dollars. The reason he went home was to go to a dance Friday night with a little Indiana co-ed and she didn’t show up till 10:30, so he didn’t have a date or five bucks. ' WE ARE GOING . . . ... to have a choice piece of gossip for you students that will be ripe just about the first of the week that we go home. THIS LITTLE ARTICLE . . . . . . will concern two boys and a girl, all three of which are well known to the most of us. And those that don’t know them will get a big kick out of it. NOW THAT IT IS . . . . . . politics time at Purdue, the Bold & Black staff has gotten together to choose a Prom Committee.
Wateh This Space T0]»I01IR0W
COMING
A Couple of Chiller... .. Dillers^
4 DAYS STARTING
MIDNIGHT SHOW SATURDAY NITE vmA
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lklily
11-30
“Eat your spinach, Junior—it will give you strength to sit through a double feature movie.”
The names will not be published until a later date. The policy will not be published until a later date. The band will not be published until a later date, and the place will not be published until a later date. NOW WE KNOW. . . . . . what goes on behind some of these closed doors in the Chemistry Building under the guise of “research.” DON HOWE spent a good bit of his time yesterday afternoon deciding whether tap water or distilled water would make better tea to serve at the chem boy’s seminar last night. A great experiment! FAMOUS LAST LINES . . . ... When a girls says “you’re so different,” you know that she’s been experimenting. How!!!
WAA Fencing Class Has New Instructor John Paul Carrar, an Italian exchange student from the University of Rome, has begun his work as a fencing instructor for the WAA fencing class. According to Ruth Swift, fencing chairman, this sport is a game that requires agility, persistence, and, above all, practice. Besides bein^ a very enjoyable sport, it also improves grace and posture.
ARC
-LAST DAY— WILLIAM BOYD GEORGE HAYES
“TEXAS TRAIL” and LLOYD NOLAN SHIRLEY ROSS in “PRISON FARM” Also ‘FLASH GORDON’T TRIP TO MARS”
— LAST DAY—
STARTS TOMORROW ANN SHIRLEY NAN GREY , — t*n — "GIRLS SCHOOL"
MAHS
lAMA
STARTS TOMORROW
2 FIRST RUN HITS LUCKY lew AYRES!
Zone Grey’s
"THE
MYSTERKHIS RIDER’
STARTS TOMORROW
With five such beauties ganging up on bis heart! College romance... 1938 style! It's swell!
An M.G-M Picture ^
I
A Paramount Plctur* with DOUGLASS DUMBRILLE SIDNEY TOLER RUSSELL HAYDEN —ALSO —
file
—LAST DAY— “DEAD END" KIDS — in — KITTLE TOUGH GUY" — and — DOROTHEA KENT ■— In — "YOUNG FUGTIVES"
with Maureen O'SULLIVAN LEW AYRES RUTH HUSSEY Burgess MEREDITH MORRISS LAST DAY JOYCE compton SHIRLEY TEMPLE
'JUST AROUND THE CORNER"
> i
t 1
O'f
7wm
Hi^~
Wednesday, November 30. 1938
Reamers, Gimlets, To Play At Frosh Varsity Net Tilt Red, green, blue, purple, and orange will be among the colors exhibited by players on the basketball teams which play between halves of the freshman-varsity game December 7. The third annual Reamer-Gimlet fray, according to Paul Reznik, who is in charge of arrangements, will be louder, wilder, and funnier than ever. “
Those who remember the previous games have an inkling of what will he on tap when the battle gets under way a week from today. The Reamers and Gimlets will each be trying for the third successive time to see which has the better hardwood contingent. Twice they have met, and twice they have left the floor in disgust as the final whistle blew with the teams stalemated, once 99-99 and once at something more than 14-14, but still unde-
termined.
Cute Gage Costumes Players appeared last year in costumes of all colors of the rainbow, some in overalls, some in pajamas, some in dresses, some in gunny sacks, some in swallow-tailed coats, and one in a basketball suit. A startling new wrinkle was exposed in the second fracas last year when the Reamers suddenly dashed off the floor to return with a basketball of their own so that each team could shoot baskets without interference from the other. This year more surprises are in order for the students who attend the game at which they have the first chance to see the varsity perform this season and the only opportunity to see the two athletic booster honoraries battle for the honor of the first triumph of its
kind.
Who knows ? Perhaps this coffee pot which is to pass back and forth between the Reamers and Gimlets will find a temporary home after fretting for two years in doubt because of two tie games. Tickets for the dual show may be secured at Deac’s, Southworth’s, the Union desk, and the intramural office. They may also be secured from all Reamers Club members. Tickets are priced at 25 cents. Starting time for the freshman-varsity game is 7:30 p. m.
THE PURDUE
Sfio^
EXPONENT
Polo Team Possibilities Piflsy Lainbert Seeks Replacements For
'Three Musketeers' On Hardwood Squad
Squeeze Artists Getting In Shape “Wrestling is a sport for all boys
regardless of weight,” stated coach Reeck of the matmen yesterday. The grunt and groaners ard practicing hard in preparation for their nine-match schedule this year. They will pit their strength against Kent State, Wheaton, Northwestern, Illi-
nois Normal, and Armour Tech. “Numerals will be awarded to
those freshmen who stay out and show promise as future varsity material. If enough freshmen and sophomores turn out for the team there is a possibility of entering them in the AAU tournament at Indianapolis in the spring,” Reeck stated. All men interested in trying out for the team should report to Coach Reeck in the Fieldhouse as
soon as possible.
Cary Halls To Play In Touchball Finals The final game in the Ward-Cary Halls touch football league will be played tonight with Cary Hall 9 opposing Cary Hall 10 on field 12. In the interfraternity touch football league, Sigma Alpha Epsilon will play Phi Pi Phi on field seven. Phi Kappa Tau will oppose Sigma Chi on field nine, while Theta Chi faces the winner of the Delta Tau DeltaPhi Kapp^ Sigma game last night. In last night’s interfraternity finals, Alpha Tau Omega defeated Theta Chi 1-0 in overtime. Terry House won the finals in the WardCary Hall’s touch football playoffs.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIBE OF SQIJABE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
By Gordon Jenkins
Playing one of their first organized practice games of the season before the public at the Aquacade, the general opinion of the spectators was that the water polo team has great possibilities. Playing as a whole was rather ragged, but with a few weeks practice these TOinor difficulties are expected to be fairly
well ironed out.
Coach Larry LaBree has a rather tentative lineup which he displayed at the water carnival. Armstrong, a senior forward, is this year’s captain."'Others in the opening lineup were Krick, a sophomore forward; Freyman, a junior goal tender; La-.« hey was at center; Carr and Marshall at-g«a^ds; and Liming was the defensive center. Several promising substitutes including Marshall, Jacobi, Colby, Harris, and Obenchain
also saw action.
Swimming Meet For Fraternity Men To Be Held Next Month Preparations for the interfraternity swimming meet to be held December ,13 and 14, got under way yesterday. Coach LaBree announced that any participants in the meet can report to him for training instructions any week day from 4:00 to 5:00 o’clock. Eaqh member of the winning squad will receive medals and the house they represent will be given a trophy by the intra-
mural department.
Included in the tournament will be a medley race, a 220-yard relay, 50, 100, and 200 yard free style, 100 yard breast stroke and back stroke, as well as fancy diving. According to conference rules, one man can enter in only three events, including the relays. No more than two men from any house can enter
any single event.
Entries can be changed during the meet, and one or more men constitute a team for participation points.
TOUCHBALL Today Field OflEicial 7— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Pi Phi. Fishel 8— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Shi. Chaffee 10—Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Luce Final Game 12—Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 10. Berry
Is It Easier To Worry And Complain About Business Than To Go After It
USE EXPONENT ADVERTISING SPACE REGULARLY
Mihal, Brock Named For NBA Midwest
Faced with the extremely difficult assignment of replacing the “Three Musketeers” of last year’s conference champions, Coach “Piggy” Lambert, perennial producer of Big Ten basket-
Pioskin Honot TG3ITI contenders at Purdue for the last two decades, con- ^ tinued his reconstruction program at last night’s practice ses-
—" - ■ sion
The Boilermaker football squad is the only Big Ten eleven honored with two places on the All-Midwest honor team ^selected by the NEA, national sports feature service with Lou Brock, at halfback, and Joe Mihal, at tackle. The pair have been practically unanimous choices for All-Conference honors, both winning berths on the honor combina-
tion.
The All-Midwest team, as selected by NEA, follows: End—Earl Brown, Notre Dame. End—Ole Nelson, Michigan State. TACKLE—JOE MIHAL, PUR-
DUE.
Tackle—Joe Beinor, Notre Dame. Guard—Francis Twedell, Minne-
sota.
Guard—Ralph Heikkenen, Mich-
igan.
Center—John Haman, Northwes-
tern.
Back—Paul Graham, Indiana. Back — John Pingel, Michigan State. BACK—LOU BROCK, PURDUE. Back—Howard Weiss, Wisconsin. Fraternities Begin Drill For Squash Play Tonight Practice for the interfraternity squash tournament begins tonight. Each competing team will have one practice game before the tournament which starts Friday. Last year the tournament was held in the town courts because of the lack of squash courts on the campus. The three courts which were constructed in the Fieldhouse this fall will be used this year, giving the teams a chance to play on campus courts for the first time.
Big Ten Bandwagon
Intramural Notices
BASKETBALL Today Court 1: C. B, Luce. 7:00—^Ward 1 vs. Ward 6. 7:1G—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 3. 8:26—Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 4. 8:40—Ward 4 vs. Ward 8. Court 2: G Gale. 7 :00—Ward 2 vs. Ward 6. 7:16—Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 8. 8:26—Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 6. 8:40—^Ward 10 vs. Ward 2A. Court 3: B. Igney. 7:00—Ward 8 vs. Ward 7. 7:16—Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 10. 8:26—Ward 11 vs. Ward 6X. 8 •40~Ward 12 vs. Ward 2X. SQUASH Today Court 1: 7 :00—^Beta Theta Pi. 8:00—Delta Chi. 9:00—Theta Xi. Court 2: 7:00—Delta Upsilon. 8:00—^Alpha Kappa Lambda. 9:00—^Triangle. Court 3: 7:00—Phi Kappa Psi. 8 :00—Phi Kappa Sigma 9 00—^Theta Chi.
Johnny Townsend, star forward on Michigan University’s basketball team last season, is assisting Coach Bennie Oosterbaan this year while taking law. Oosterbaan, Michigan’s greatest all-around athlete, takes over the job m place of Franklin Cappon, who coached the Wolveiines for several years. —BTB— , Chief woriy for Michigan’s monitor is the leplacmg of his now-as-sistant who completed his three years of eligibility last year. Fishman and Barclay are two more who are missing from this year’s five, along with reserve center Slavin. ' —BTB— Tom Haimon, the Michigan back who made seveial all-star teams this year as a sophomore standout on the gridiron, is one of Oosteibaan’s hopefuls on the cage squad. Chances are that the Wolverines will alter their style of play which was carried out in past with such men as John Gee, now professional baseball player, and Johnny Town send at the pivot position. —BTB— VWsconsin is the first Big Ten team to see action this season, meeting Beloit College at Madison this Friday night, Rooney and Powell, the men who ran wild in the games against the Boilermakers last year, are the Badger co-cap-tains, —BTB— While the Boilermakers stay at home during most of the Christmas vacation, Michigan, Illinois, and Minnesota will invade the east, and Ohio State will take a trip to the coast. The Buckeyes meet UCLA and California each twice while in the west, and play one game at Washington. —BTB— Illinois and Michigan follow similar schedules in the east. The Illini meet Manhattan in New York on December 27, the same night that the Wolverines play New York University in Madison Square Garden. Two days later both Big Ten teams play in Philadelphia, Illinois against Villanova and Michigan against Temple. —BTB— All Big Ten basketball games begin on January 7 this season. Purdue and Chicago are the only teams which play a dozen straight conference games.
Jo you,!
West Side Office
132
Vine St. Phone 1278
Our Staff is a technically-trained
one.
They Do Conscientious Work. Our Inspection is Minutely Careful, with needed repairs. Prices Commensurate with the service. This Insures YOU of the very BEST Work in all respects,— PhnnA ^'^ork with which 7 A o r YOU WILL BE PLEASED J U 0 J Try us . . . and See!
The Boilermakers, who have shared in the Big Ten title in four of the past five years, will sadly miss the services of this great trio of regulars—Jewell Young, AllAmerican forward, who shattered the conference scoring record last season; Johnny Sines, brilliant scorer and ball handler; and little Pat Malaska, fiie department floor guard. Forward Choices Judging from early dulls m preparation foi the season’s opener with Monmouth College, defending Midwest Conference champions, here on Saturday night, December 12, Hairy Zink and Dale Hutt will be the early choices to leplace the brilliant Young-Sines combination at f01 ward, although sophomores Loienz, Chamberlain, Igney, Bosse, and Witsman are battling hard for lecognition. Piggy should have no worries about the all-impoitant center post, where graceful Captain Gene Andeison, one of the game’s gi’eatest ball handlers, will again hold forth. Gene, who has the happy faculty of making seemingly difficult maneuvers appear effoitless, will in all probability get his main support from Dan Fisher, rapidly improving junior, and^ophomores Weber and Swarts. Experienced Guards Tom Dickinson, one of the fastest men that has ever trod the hardwood for the I Boilermakers, and Fred Beretta, clever ball handler and defensive man, seem slated to bear the burden at the guard posts. Yeager and Vernon complete the list of four experienced performers for the defensive posts. Herschleman, sophomore, appears to have a good chance to break into the guard combination. At last night’s scrimmage, Piggy drilled the Boilermaker cagers in the fundamentals of defense against the “fast break.” This speedy phase of offensive developed rapidly last year when the tip-off was abandoned after mid-period scores and has become one of the biggest problems in working out an effective defense. Many teams attempt to combat it with either man-to-man or zone defenses, but Piggy has found that the most successful system is a combination, using the good points of both. This style of defense depends a good deal on “talk” between the members of the squad so that each man will understand what the other players intend to do.
Radio Headliners
—WEDNESDAY— 12 00 noon—Hit Revue, WCFL. 12:30 p. m.—Luncheon Dance Time, WBAA. 4 .00 p m —Make Believe Danceland, WCFL. 4 :00 p. m.—Concert miniature, WMAQ. 4.16 p. m.—Swingtime serenade, WKNR. 4:30 p. m.—Purdue Round Table, WBAA. 4:30 p m.—Tea Time Tunes, WFBM. 4:46 p. m —International livestock show, WLW. 6:16 p. m —Ennio Bolognini’s orchestra. WMAQ. 6 .30 p. m.—^Xavier Cugat’s orchestra. WIRE. . 7:00 p. m —Concert orchestra, WGN. 7 :30 p. m —Paul Whiteman’s orchestra, WBBM, WFBM. 7:30 p. m.—Tommy Dorsey’s orchestra, WMAQ, WLW. WIRE. 8:00 p. m.—Town Hall Tonight, WMAQ, WLW, WIRE. 8:00 p. m.—Texaco Star Theater. Lffliie Howard as guest, WBBM. 8:00 p. m.—Ace Brigade’s orchestra, WGN. 8:46 p. m.—Yar Concert orchestra, WGN 9 .00 p. m.—Kay Kyser’s KoUege of Musical Knowledge, WMAQ, WLW, WIRE. 9 ‘00 p. m.—Everybody’s music, an all-Mo-zart program, WFBM. 9.30 p. m —It Can Be Done, with Edgar Guest and Frankie Master’s orchestra, WMBM, WBBM. 9 30 p. m.—Make Believe Danceland, WCFL. 10:00 p. m.—Red Norvo’s orchestra, WBBM. 10:16 p. m.—Hal Kemp’s orchestra, WGN. 10 30 p. m—Little Jack Little’s orchestra, WGN. 10 30 p. m —Dick Gasparre’s orchestra, WMAQ. 11 00 p. m —Benny Goodman’s orchestra. WFBM, WBBM. 11 -00 p. m —Artie Shaw’s orchestra, WIRE. 11:00 p m.—Sammy Kaye's orchestra, WGN. Attempting... ... to get a special class in swimming instruction, Earl Schnick calls all non-swimmers to get in touch with him. If enough students are interested to form a class, the instructions will be given in the swimming pool in the Fieldhouse, All those interested are requested to get in touch with Schnick at 107 Quincy street, or by phone, 46461.,
M'
3[ocaL (Ml
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
ytoiixjLL
/ Wednesday. November 30, 1938
Exchange Student(Continued fronvpa,ffe 2)
a year living in a foreign country, ideal for students. Language Difficult The language is a very difficult one to learn, especially for an American, because of so many sounds we don’t have in our own language. The written and spoken languages are different, they say one verb form, for example, and write another. They use singular verbs in speaking and singular and plural in writing. It is difficult for those reasons and others. I have a class in Swedish eight hours . each week. With my ear becoming accustomed to it at the university, I am learning it steadily. Ford and General Motors have assembly plants here. Next summer I plan to remain to work with one of those companies. Jobs are easy to get here, but the wages are lower than at home. With a job here, I can learn the language for three more months and get good experience, since I intend to specialize in automotive engineering. Obliging To Foreigners The Swedish people are very obliging to foreigners; especially to Americans. Because they are so, it makes one’s visit very pleasant. When I arrived it was necessary for me to arrange a schedule. I was amazed at the time students would spend helping me without thinking a thing about it. The President of the Mechanical Section was with me over two days, helping me with a schedule. On the second day, he had a speech to give at 11 a. m. When the time came to give the speech, he said, “That’s all right, I’ll give it tomorrow.” Everyone I have met has asked if they can be of any help. My professor in industrial organization offered his assistance in getting me a job next summer without the slightest suggestion from me. One gets to like that type of people and their country, and it is no wonder that there are 200 Americans living in Stockholm now. Less Machine Work The Swedish people, as Americans have found, are hard to influence. They work on the principle that “We can do tomorrow what we cannot do today.” When the whole nation’s business functions on that principle, it is hard to insert time saving methods. Buildings are built in twice the time of American Buildings, and workers work just as long per day. They accomplish less by less modern methods. In constructing a house near here, the workers ffug the foundation by hand. In America we would use a tractor or at least some horses, but they say that men are put out of work that way, A pile driver was being used on one building, the driver operating. every five or ten seconds. At home the operation is done in. much less time. Time saving is only a secondary thought in their mind. If you want something done, you must plan it two or three days in advance. Public health in Sweden has the best records of any country and yet many things are not up to the American health standard. In the new concert hall in Stockholm, they still don’t have drinking fountains. Two or three glasses are next to a decorated faucet that Mr. and Mrs. Public u.se. Milk is delivered to homes in the old fashioned milk cans. The family puts out its milk can hnd in the morning a horse cart comes by and the drivei' pours milk out of his larger cans into the family’s can. In the “Milk Centrals,” as they are called, I have seen the milk in vats with no cover oh it. Butter was also in big 25 pound blocks with not even afpaper around it—and they use no Window screens in Sweden. All Modern Buildings There are no slums in Stockholm, a city of 650,000 people. The buildings are. all very modern and the architecture is a type to be copied. For the northern location of the country, the \yeather is very mild. I have been told the winters are severe, but I’ll be able to judge better next summer. Because automobiles and gasoline are so expensive, one does not see so many cars here. Sweden builds one car, “Volvo,” and the rest are imported mostly from America. Because of the high upkeep on a car and the initial cost, one finds many bicycles here in strange forms— a bicycle with two wheels in front to carry large parcels. Everything from furniture to babies is carried on them. People use them as a
means of transportation more than for sport. My stay is being made very enjoyable and interesting through the Swedifeh-American Foundation and through its active secretary, Mrs. Adile Heilborn. It is she who makes the student feel at homeland helps him make a moi'e successful year out of his stay in Sweden.
Activities Board: Will these individuals please meet at 7:15 p. m. in room F of the Union, Wednesday, November 30: F. C. Ahrens, Paul Worchester, Don Wells, C. G. Tlliott, Fred Winter, Mary Learning, Ted Cabonargi, Lowell Hardin, Frances Eastburn, Althea Jorgeson, Georgianna Baker, Carl Lutz, Don Smith, and . Bill Breuer. —JACOBSON,
December 8j from 1 to 4 p, m. Ple^e consult me i4 advance. —SONESON.
Men’s Bowlimc: rournamehf' postponed from Thanksgiving until Thursday, December 1. . —WILLIAMSON.
Purdue Engineer: The following men will report at, the Engineer office Wednesday, November 30, at 4 p. m.: Worthington, Gale, Horth, Leckie, McElroy, Shooter, Hawkins, and Fox. —SQUIRES.
Men’s Bowling: Games for Thursday, December 1: 7 p. m.. Triangle vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon, Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kappa; 9 p. m.. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Beta Sigma Psl, Delta Tau Delta vs. Ji Kappa Alpha. —WILLIAMSON.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting Thursday, December 1, at 7:30 p. m., room C of the Union. Cotillion committee will be announced. —HALL.
Co-ed Bowlers: Tournament postponed until Wednesday, Novembe/ 80, -STOCKER.
Classiiied Ads
Alpha Lambda Delta: Important meet- • mg Thursday, December 1, at 7:15 p. m. in room B of the Union. Plana for year to be definitely decided upon. —BURNHAM. Zouaves: Meeting of all actives and pledges in the Armory Wednesday, November 30, at 4 p, m. —HURST.
Purdue Riflemen: An open meeting will be held Wednesday, November 80, at 7:80 p. m. in the Union tower room. Purpose of the meeting la to make tournament arrangements and to establish a temporary organization. —FAIRBANKS. PIA Dance Classes: All those interested in the advanced dance classes meet in the Women’s Gym Monday, December B, at 7 p. m. There will be no dance class Wednesday, November '30. —HEINE.
FOR SALE
Cheer Leaders: Meeting Wednesday, November 30, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Anyone interested in leading yells at ball games be there. —MEIER.
Forensic Activities: All debaters and ail Forensic Managers meet in room 301 of University Hall today, November 30, at 4 p. m. . —HINER.
FOR SALE—Radio-phonograph combination. Just like new. Original cost $30. Some records also. Low price. Phone Staley 7935.
Alpha Phi Omega: Important meeting Wednesday, November 80, at 7 p, m. in room A of the Union. —STRADLING.
FOB SALE—^Eastman Vollenda camera. F3.5 lens. Rapid compur shutter. Weston exposure meter. Call Berger 7724.
. NYA Workers: Checks for the period ending November 15, 1938, are now available in the Cashier’s Office in the Executive Building. (12-3) —HOLLENSBE.
Riding Club: No meeting this weelt««Pebris picture will be taken Thursday, December 1, at 7 p. m. in tower room of the Union. —SUMMERS.
FOR SALE—Royal No. 10 typewriter. Pica type. Excellent condition. 'Only $27.50. Bob DuFon 51204.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Activities Bureau: There will be an Advisory Board meeting of the Activities Bureau Wednesday night, November 30, at 7 p. m. in the Union office. Those who are to attend are: F. C. Ahrens, P. Worcester, Don Wells, G. Elliott, F. Winter, Mary Learning, Ted Cabonargi, and Lowell Hardin. —JACOBSON.
Mortar Board: Picture will be taken Thursday, December 1, in Women’s lounge at 4 :30 p. m. —WOOD.
Independent Staff: Staff meeting Wednesday, November 30, at 7 p. m. Important. Everyone attend. —FELDMAN.
WANTED—Ride to New York ; leave December 21. Call 6681; leave name.
LOST AND FOUND FOUND—Money near Young Grocery Tuesday. Loser call Williamson 8444 and identify.
WAA Badminton: All those interested in learning to play badminton, report to the Women’s Gym at 4 p. m. Wednesday, November 30, and Thursday, December 1. —PISHLEIGH.
Sophomore Debate Managers: Important meeting of all sophomore debate managei-s Wednesday, November 30, at 4 p. m. in room 301, University Hall. —CARR.
Alpha Phi Omega: Business meeting on Wednesday, November 30, at 7 :30 p. m., in room A of the Union. Please Ije there. —STRADLING.
Ushers and Police: Pay for football game work may be obtained at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse. —SANDERS.
LOST—Purse between Oakland Hill and Doyle Beauty Shop. Reward. Phone 75381.
ME 61, ME 68: Make-up examination for removing conditions will be held in room 301 on Saturday, December 17, at 1 p. m. All who wish to take this make-up must see me not later than December 10. —BINDER.
Dolphin Club: Debris pictures will be tak en Thursday, December 1, in the tower room of the Union at 7 ;30 p. m. All members please be present in proper dress. —CARR.
Notices
Scrivener; Bring all outstanding subscriptions to Dr. Sutcliffe or myself by Saturday, December 3. Don’t forget the cash. —PAARLBERG.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Dinner meeting Thursday, December 1, at 6:30 p. m. at the Phi Kappa house. Please be prompt. —DEAN.
Gimlet: Initiation postponed until later date. All student passports should be signed and given to me not later than Wednesday, November 30, fqr reserved basketball tickets. —SWAN.
C. E. 6 (Surveying) : Examination for removal of condition will be held in C. E. 201 on Saturday December 3, at 1 p. m. Get permits in C. E. 102. —POTT.
Riflery: Wednesday, November 30: 6:15, Ward 3; 7, Make-up ; 7:45, Kappa Kappa Gamma; 8:30, Pi Beta Phi. —SMITH.
Recreational Swimming: Open swim for women Thursday, December 1, 7 :30-9 p. m. Instruction if desired. —YEAGER.
C. E. 21: The examination to remove grade C in C. E. 21 will be given in room 301 of . the C. E. building on Saturday,
Co-ed Bowling: Alpha Chi Omega vs. PIA Wednesday, November 30, at 7 p. m. STOCKER.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
, "DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Professional
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Building ■4h and Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Florists
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street Phones 7955—8050
• Printing
S I^RINTING Offlc* Slallon.iy . o Q 1 Wfadding InvIUlloni 1 Salts Books, E(c..., PHONE ^ A Cf'CI * 2628 CASoEL S 40« FERRY
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
YOU CAN
mi
COMBINATION
Mgether they make the United States admired and respected the whole world over
And for the things you want in a cigarette you can depend on the happy combination of mild ripe tobaccos in Chesterfield. Each type of Chesterfield tobacco is outstanding for some fine quality that makes smoking more pleasure. Combined...blended together the Chesterfield way .. . they give you more pleasure than any cigarette you ever smoked. On land and sea and in the air. .. wherever smoking is enjoyed. .. Chesterfield*s mildness and better taste satisfy millions.
Copyright 1938, Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co.
,,Jhe blend that canH be copied ...the RIGHT COMBINATION of the world^s best cigarette tobaccos
r
V'-
■ t ’
iV