67-
Taken By Blanken,
By John Adamson Associate Sports Editor With Piggy Lambert throwing everything on the Boiler^ maker bench that he could get his hands on into the game last night, the Riveter net forces simply forced their wa,y through a Completely outclassed Wabash five and finished the battle on the extremely long end of a 67-28 score. There never was much doubt as to the outcome of the game after the opening tally by the CavemW, because from there on it was just a continual barrage of Boilermaker buckets. They All Play The entire Riveter squad, with the exception of the two present invalids, Sprowl and Seaborg, took part in last night's massacre. In all, 19 players took turns in leaving the Boilermaker bench and 13 of them scored at least tWo points, Don Blanken grabbed the individual scoring honors by swishing 14 points through the draperies during the 16 minutes that he was in the game. Johnny Galvin dropped in seven for runner-up honors, while Igney and Riley both accounted for six apiece. Kieffer Starts Tommy Kieffer, who was just declared eligible along with the injured Seaborg, started off at forward along with Captain Bob Igney. Blanken was in charge of the center spot with Blemker and Tierney holding down the guard posts. On the defense Tierney moved up along with Igney, both of them playing well down in Wabash territory. Grieve started the scoring by dropping in a long shot for the Cavemen, and J;hen Blemker added (Continued on page 2)
Birdu m /38S
Volume 52/No. 85
West Lafayette.Indicma
y//y Smcns i
Wednesdays December 18# 1910
I^ROeRESSIVES SWEEP ELECTIOHS
Co-Chairmen Of Prom, Gala Week Committees
Exponent Photos by Archibald Three committee chairmen chosen in yesterday’s election are, left to right: Wolff, a Phi Kappa Psi, received the largest junior vote for the Prom committee leadership. Bowman, an Acacia, and AxtoUj a member of Beta Theta Pi, tied in the voting to become co-chairmen of the Gala Week committee. Wolff and Bowman were Progressive candidates; Axton was the only successful Boilermaker aspirant.
Will Open At 8 Tonight In Music Hall
« Wilt Hold Initiation V In Armory At 4 p. m. Formal initiation of the 37 Scabbard and Blade pledges will take f place this afternoon at 4:40 o’clock in the Armory. Preceding the initiation ceremony, four conimisH sioned officers, Lt. Colonel Ray, Major Workman, Major Hicks and Major Williams of the military ^ staff, will be taken into the military honorary as associate members. Following the initiation, the group will go to the Union Build- / ing for the customary initiation banquet. Dr. L. M. Sears of the history department will be the prin- ** cipal speaker. All alumni and associate members as well as actives are urged to attend. ^ New Members Members of the pledge class are: W. L. Holcomb, J. W. Christy, H. E. ^ Harvey, J. R. Storms, G. R. Jungerman, D, P. Kennedy, J. D, Brummett, A. W, Yates, J. J. Pacey, J. F. Wadsworth, J. W. Hudson, V. C. Vanderbilt, G. O. Gale, J. C. Wayne, B. S. Jackewicz, W. F. Silcock, J, P. Slater, E. P. Caldwell. ^ R. E. Jansing, J. D. Fisher, G. A. ^ Fritzlen, R. A. Dilts, W. M. Demp- '■ ster, M. L.. Norris, C. W. Carmichael, J. R. McCann, D. L. Yeager, S. D. Marquis, G. W. Brewer, R. H. Kellog, J. E. Crim, P. E, Hassler, J. A. Dillon, M. E. Keck, A. A. Topp, J. P. pay and P. N. Graf, d.e.b. ‘ Juniors May Obtain ^ Game Tickets Today Today junior students may exchange their passport coupons for reserved seat tickets to the Michi- ^ gan basketball game which will be played Saturday evening, January 11. The exchange will be made at the ticket office in the Pieldhouse, according to the following schedule: today, jnniors; tomorrow, sophomores; Friday, fresbnien. . /;■.
This evening at 8 o’clock in the Music Hall the University choirs and the Modern Dance group will combine to present the annual Christmas Convocation. The doors will open at 7:15 and a celeste prelude will be given by Joanne Lloyd until the opening time. The program, larger than in former years, features selections from Tschaikowsky’s “Nutcracker Suite” by the University orchestra and Modern Dance group, carol singing by the audience under the direction of A. P. Stewart and the grand hhale. Old’s “The Christmas Chqralogue,” by the concert and University choirs. Many interesting sidelights accompany the presentations. The Modern Dance group supplements the last movement of the “Nutcracker Suite” with a dance led and composed by Helen B. Knight. Highlight Of Evening The Choralogue is the highlight of the evening. The complete Music Hall stage is to be made into a solemn representation of the nativity scene with manger, shepherds and altar. Dressed in gold and black robes, the Concert choir will kneel behind the altar while the University choir, robed in white, will be seated in the background. Then comes the choralogue, tlje story of the nativity in narrative and song. William Heath is to be narrator and Mpllie Harding, alto, will solo; As the choirs break into “Silent Night,” a star will appear on the screen above the stage, growing in brilliance as the other lights diminish,: fittingly ending the solemn and holy moment. r.r.r. Wesley Foundation Wilt Give Yule Trees Wesley Foundation will distribute Christmas trees to families of West Lafayette on Saturday and invites all student houses to phone 6261 When they are through with their\trees. Members will call for each tree. Names of needy families will be obtained from the Red Cross and from the probation office. Toys left from Christmas parties, perishable foodstuffs and old clothing will be gladly received and distributed among the needy.
PI A Christmas Dance Features Music Of Vincent Burns Friday
By P. L. Brink This year’s Christmas dance sponsored by the Purdue Independent Association will be held in the Union ballroom Friday, December 20. The dance will feature the music of Vincent Burns and his orchestra. For this dance, the final one before vacation, Burns will come to the University from New York City where he has played several long-run engagements. His vocalist, Betty Glenn, will furnish the vocal interpretations to the popular songs of today. “And All Through The House” The theme of the dance is appro-' priately “The Night Before Christmas.” The dance itself is to be a semi-formal affair with the wearing of corsages an optional preference. Members of PIA and their dates will be admitted free. For
Senate Organization Publishes Last Year's Final Examinations
Final examination booklets are now on sale at the cashier’s office iri the Executive Building, Student Senate announced yesterday. According to Richard Dibos, junior executive in charge, the six booklets will remain available at 60 cents per copy until the end of the semester. Published for the first time last May, these books answered an everincreasing student demand for aids , in preparing for finials, Dibos said. They cover the general required subjects for the complete school year for six large student groups: freshman engineering, sophomore engineering, junior and senior mechanical engineering, all science, freshman home economics and freshman-sophomore agriculture with freshman forestry. Several of the books contain subjects which are also given in other schools than those under which they are listed. ‘f.i.j. - ■
Axton To Win In Close Contest Progressive candidates were successful over aU but one of their Boilermaker opponents in the Prom and Gala Week committee elections .held yesterday in the west reception room of the Union. Ted Axton, the sole Boilermaker winner, and Charlie Bowman were chosen co-chairmen of the Gala Week committee while Jim Wolff received the Prom committee chairmanship. ■ ■ • ' ■■■ ' • ■ : ■ Six seniors chosen to the Gala
— From All Fronts — Today's Summary Of War Hews
SPECIAL RADIO To the Chicago Daily News Foreign S^ice, Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Ins. “Attired in full dress gold and gray uniform and escorted by a military honor guard, Otto Abetz, German ambassador to France, was received by Marshal Petain this morning,” radios Paul Ghali from Vichy. Soon after, says dispatches, Pierre Laval was freed and conferred with Abetz.
“Authorized quarters in Berlin, still somewhat in the dark about the sudden change in the Vichy government, professed ‘extraordinary interest’ today and said that the whole question and its effect on future German-French relationship was being carefully studied,” David M. Nichol- radios from Berlin-.
non-members ai^d, all others who attend, one dollar per couple will be charged. Damon Elder, PIA social chairman in charge of the dance, announced that tickets for the affair as well as memberships in the association are available in the PIA office every afternoon from 4 to 6 o’clock. Best Papers To Receive Stout Contest Award For the fourth successive year the WiUiam B. Stout contest is open to competition among University students. Any student may present a paper on any subject in which internal combustion engines are used as the source of power. Papers may be from 3,000 to 6,000 words long and should be accompanied by a bibliography. Three prizes of $36, $20 and $10 will be awarded for the three best manuscripts. It is specified that there be at least 10 contestants and more will be welcome. Papers will be judged for composition and literary style as well as technical accuracy. Application for entrance should be made in room 6 of the Mechanical Engineering Building and all papers are due before March 1, 1941. Stout is the designer of the pioneer Ford tri-motored airplane, the Scripp-Booth automobile, the first lightweight rail car, the sky car and the. Scarab automobile, d.j.d. Art Club To Hear Parks Talk At Meet Tomorrow Union Art club will meet tomorrow at 7:30 p: m. in room 84 of the Union. Bob Parks will conduct a discussion on “Graphic Arts” and a movie on etching will be shown. All members and others who exe interested in the subject are invited to attend. s.hJ,
A British request for outright financial 'aid and the question of speeding up defense production confronted President Roosevelt on his return to his desk in Washington yesterday.
Advance armored units were proceeding rapidly over the desert in an encircling move on the important base of Bardia, says a dispatch from a correspondent with the British at the front. Solium and Fort Capuzzo have been taken and there is a rumor that Bardia has already fallen.
“Many important targets were left in flames,” the British report, in recording the four-hour bombing of Mannheim, chemical center in southwest Germany. Four people were killed and two hospitals damaged, says Berlin.
“During a two-week visit to Tokyo, just concluded, I learned on (Continued on page 2) First PIA Varieties Program Features Men'sChoruSfBand Purdue Independent Association presented the first Independent Christmas Varieties program yesterday afternoon in the south baUroom of the Union between the hours of 4:30 and 6:30 o’clock. The program "was divided into three parts; the first and third of which featured the PIA Men’s chorus singing many of the well known and best loved Christnias carols. Soloists of the afternoon were Leslie Stallwood, Richard Buffington and James Cartraro. Part two of the Jirogram present^ ed Irv Given and his orchestra in a number of popular pieces, with Darlene Makn taking honors in the vocal department. The performance was attended by a crowd of over 200 people, including students, staff members and townspeople. j.r.g.
Week committee are as follows: Axton, Bowman, Fred Ellcy, Bill Gephart, Emmaline FarreU and Jim Lemon. Defeated candidates included Jack Money, Fred Apsey, Marge Seibert, Ed Ludeka, Bob Hogrue and Berke Bergstedt. Prom Committee Members Prom committee’s seven junior members are Wolff, Bob Adams, Chuck Hansen, Damon Elder, Bernie Evans, Charles Dangelmajer »and Bob Stacker. Boilermaker party ' candidates defeated by them were: Frosty Sprowl, Jeanne Ann McClintock, Ned Ochiltree, Bob Brpck, Don. Ogilvie, Bill Ogden and Carl Tafel. When asked for a statement last night, Jim Wolff, new Prom chairman, said, “Thanks to everyone for the honor. Fm sure we’re all glad to be elected and I know we will aU do our best to give the best Prom yet!” Cooperation Ted Axton stated his position in these words: “I know Charlie and I can work together and really put over a good Gala Week. We will have the cooperation of the whole campus; the split vote shows us that. For myself I would like to thank all the fellows outside the party, especially the independents, who voted for me.” Charlie Bow-, man, his co-chairman, replied,^! am of course very glad to be in there and I certainly appreciate the fine cooperation of the student body. T know we’ll be out to give Purdue a bigger and better Gala Week than ever before.” Student Senate conducted the election, in which 801 votes were cast for Gala Week committee and 703 for Prom committee. Polls were open from 7:30 in the morning until 6 o’clock last night. f.i.j.
Officers Awarded
Two himdred and fourteen officers of the University ROTC attended a luncheon yesterday in the north ballroom of the Union. During the luncheon hour. Colonel Donald Beere, professor of military science and tactics, presented awards te several outstanding cadet officers. The Albert Smith awards, given to those cadets showing the most general improvement during their junior year, were won by Tt C. N6land,^gold medal; S. H. Wheeler, silver wedal; and J, R. McCann, bronze Wdai. Highest Summer Camp Stanffiug To the cadets having the highest relative standing at the compleijon of summer camp the following medals were given: W. G. Meese, gold medal; L\ E. AuU, silver medal; W. A. Ward; bronze madaL E. J, Thompson, the Frank Cary trophy fw nnsiking the best grade in gunnel^. Medals vrare awarded to the follo^g cadet of-^ ficers for leading the hatte^ which placed first in dose drill compedtion; B/W. Gibson, B. I. Wfiliams; K. O. Cartwright, B. H. Gedge, Ak E. Royer. r,eJ]u*f\
4(
/
fiapt2~£diti
Wednesday# December 18, 1840
S^WuiwL ^xponani.
• .f|fi > i s. vv ^ i.
%!>
Jimshf. JalL The Polls Have Closed . . . and for the third consecutive year the Progressive Party’s representatives will select the Prom band and will plan for a Gala Week. The round peg does fit the square hole. We’re on the winning side and we’re glad we won. The Progressive Party has done its work well in the past, and they have good committees again, which we presume will do their work well in the future. BUT, in our estimation^ party or no party, past performance or none, NO ONE ORGANIZATION CAN POSSIBLY HAVE ALL THE BEST MEN. The mere fact that Ted Axton managed to slip in as the one Boilermaker representative on the Gala Week committee proves rather conclusively that a number of students, regardless of party affiliation, believed that too. However, we feel that the recorded vote does not reflect student opinion in its entirety. WHY ?— It’s too !*ff-...“^’!’?%! hard to split a ticket. There is a certain mental hazard, exactly what we’re not too sure as the mechanical operation is easy enough. We do know that it is easier to vote straight than to split. Human nature takes its course. ' As with most people who holler about a system, we have a reform, and it is simply this. Cut the party names out of the voting machines. List the men by committees only. Let’s elect the men, NOT THE PARTY.—dkh
The Purdue Exponent Entered m eecond etnu mntter at the poet office in lia>. fayette, Indiana, nnder the act of ConKrcss of March S, 1879, and at the special rate of poStaKe provided fof in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, anthorized January SO, 1922. Published daily except Monday durins the reKular^ academic year and weekly durinsr the Summer Session, Delivered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-In-Chief B. W. Donahne Business Manacsr ... Haris Hacamaysr Publication Staff News Editor J. H. McKee Managinir Editor D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. B. Heaton, M. A. Ochiltree, J. A. PnrceU, L. W. RuEner, R. M. Skallemp, J. L. Trsosott Bulinesa Staff Local Advertisins Hanagers: D. S. Powers, 6. 0. Landers: Promotion Manager, C. P. Danglemajer: Accounts Manager, R. J. Sbamord; Circulation Ibinager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sporta Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swalm.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Ruffner Day Editor: Rose Ass’t Night Editor: Clark Night Sports Editor: Adamson Staff: J. F. Zinski, J. F. Amos, F. I Jones, E. W. Nordlinger, J. R. Galloway, R. R. Runion, R. Humrickhouser, R. Eberts, S. H. Lowey, D. J. Davidson, P. L Brank, J. Horr, M. K. Boynton, H. Hager.
The 5^'* Colunm
In spite of the combined eifotts of 110,000,000 (the other 20,000,000 are still claiming Wendel shoulda won) people to get a gun on the right shoulder of every able-bodied man in the country, production in the U. S. still lags way behind that of the German Eeich. According to the Germans. * * * Maybe they’re right. Maybe they’re wrong. All we know is that they seem to have disregarded one big item. We don't need the guns. It is the inalienable right of every American citizen . . . That he can lick any twelve foreigners with one hand tied behind his back. « * * And them fully armed.
At least we must have the little man behind the mustache worried. Otherwise why is he trying so hard to convince us that we’re so darned ineffective, and inefficient, and slip-shod, and lazy, and no good to anybody so if we want to keep our shirts to stay in our own back yard. The way we figure it he and 11 other Austrians must have come across (in the last war, of course) . . . An American who knew his rights. 5f5 * And speaking of 12 to 1 odds. Down on the dark continent Benito is finding out that they work quite well. In his new strategy . . . Of starving the British out of Egypt. * * * He sends hundreds of troops out into the desert every day where they surrender to the Tommies. Then these troops proceed to a concentration camp where they eat the English out of house and home. Eventually II Duce has a well fed army already in Egypt. Surrounded by starving Englishmen. Without a single casualty. ii< 4c ^ Of course it is a bit unorthodox, but a man has to make use of what he has. And it’s a foregone conclusion that if there is anything the Italians are better at than fighting. It’s eating.—dkh
Ether Edits By Gordon Griffin With the Christmas holidays approaching, most of the network shows have assumed an atmosphere of sraletide cheer. Musical Americana, at 9:30 tomorrow night, will present a Christmas program with Ginny Simms, singer with Kay Kyser’s orchestra, and Buddy Clark, baritone radio star, as guests. Raymond Paige and his 61-piece orchestra will provide the accompaniments.
Friday mght, Louis Bromfield, popular author, and Herbert Marshall, London-born actor who has been in the movies since 1932, will come before the awe-ful interrogations of Clifton Padiman on Information Please at 7:3(L,p^m. . . . Norma Shearer, who recently appeared in the movie version of “Escape” (an Arch Oboler adaptation), will star in one of Oboler’s originals entitled “The Mirror,” at 8:30 p. m. —e . . . e— Special events broadcasts, many
of which are annual affairs, will be aired during Christmas week. . . . Such as: A Christmas message by King George VI, scheduled to be broadcast to both Americas on Christmas morning; the ringing of the chimes of old Trinity church in New York at 11 p. m. CST on Christmas eve; a two hour broadcast (12 noon to 2 p. m.) of cheer and sympathy on Christmas day to the people of England featuring more than 70 world-famous stars of movie, stage, radio and concert hall. —e . . . e— They tell us that: NBC’s hardened staff of fan-mail-opener-up-pers raised their eye-brows in unison last week when they received a letter addressed to: “Care of the Station to Which You Are Listening, Cincinnati, Ohio.” The letter, it developed, was a contest entry submitted by a woman listener who carefully followed the announcer’s suggestion. . . . Willoughby Valveseat (“Spike”) McBullet, coach of Stedgie-Prep-on-the-Hudson and mentor of the losingest teams in history, will return to Club Matinee
'TRAIL BLAZER" Special to NEW YORK AND VICINITY ' SATURDAY, DEC. 21 Leave Lafayette, 1:15 Central Standard Time—^All Seats Reserved Reservations Early. Reservations can be made at the University Book Store, 356 State Street, after 4:00 p. m. Telephone 2192
Travd home Christmas, Speedily, comfortebly and Safoly;~dl“ sort' connections at St. Louis and DETROIT to all points.
WABMH
umiBitf TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT,
Jn a Lund Allva With Death., end DiamondsI
LAST DAY
BETTE
DAVIS .
W. SOMBiir AmM ItaM, »«i HEIKITMARIHAU*JAME$ fHPfjHNtON
— TODAY — TWO FIRST RUN HITS
Tune Tingled Romance , IRENE with ANNA NEAGLE RAY MILLAND — PLUS — BEYOND TOMORROW
STARTS THURSDAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS! PAH * n I'lchir ^ ^ oALL tLlldUN <ai
yOURWIFE
Isbirt Cwtt • Virginto Volt Emma Ouan •BoIm Sktpord PLUS THRILLSl •.wlHi the Ihrolrie wide open I
W/IDCAT BUS : with FAY WRAY . CHARLES LANG.PAULGUILFOYLE
Purdue’s # Interesting B Peoepl
By Donna Siess P-folks, i-introd-d-ducing in ththis issue, “Porky,” the big boy who’s been doing some good “holding that line” in the from of resistance these last few weeks. Here is one lad who’s learned to say “no” and mean it. Bit difficult with offers for professional football at quite a good price coming in rapidly to “hold that line” forever. The boys who regularly gather in the Fieldhouse say this cool grey-eyed six footer has this Porky voice down to a “t,” “That Ain’t All, Folks” Another outstanding feature of Davey Rankin is his interest in drawing. Davey says it’s a hand-me-down from his mother who’s an artist. Ever see the drawings of muscles in the Fieldhouse? Contribs of Porky. Second drawing specialty with him are faces. Swinging to the rhythm of a good band, Jimmy Lunceford preferred, is a favorite leisure time pastime for this All-American. When a dance floor isn’t available, Davey scans a few fiction books. Track And Basketball Man News to us is the information that Rankin hasn’t always been “left-ending” it for some football team. First two years of his high school saw him tossirig’ goals for the local alma mater. Last two years the football team started preparing this first rate material for our own University. Added to all this is his interest in track. Noticed a slight touch of red in his hair—maybe that will help him keep that determination to stick to the “no” and show the world he can sell too.
tomorrow at 3:16 over WENR. Spike has been absent from the program for several weeks due to his efforts to build up a Stedgie chess team. Although the team is still short one member, and McBullet hasn’t quite finished crocheting uniforms for his basketball team, he will appear tomorrow to prognosticate coming events. . . . Merry Christmas.
News Digest (Continued frbm page 1) good authority that Moscow is demanding a shockingly severe price for the pact of amity so earnestly desired by the Japanese,” radios A. T. Steele from Shanghai. The Russians want back fishing and oil concessions Japan now enjoys and considers vital.
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
youTfi witi BE SERVED
Jane Darwetl • Robert Conway • Elyse Knox Joe Brown, Jr>*Charles Holland 'John Qualen — LAST DAY —
starring JUD Y GARLAN D
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
TYRONE DOROTHY POWER lAMOUR EDWARD ARNOLD • LLOYD NOLAN"
AND
Clarence E. Mulford’s
— ALSO-
—THUR. - FRI. - SAT.— ARIZONA FRONTIER LEdlON OF LOST FLYERS KING OF ROYAL MOUNTED
Boilermakers Win (Continued from page 1) a free throw and Igney dropped in one of his specials to put the Boilermakers ahead for good. Kieffer pushed in a follow-up after which Ransome concluded the Cavemen’s scoring for a while with a long field goal. The Riveters then proceeded to toss in 12 straight points to assume a 17-4 lead at the end of eight minutes of play. The Wabash offense continued to get nowhere fast and with the score reading 23-9, Lambert started throwing in new men. The blistering ace set by the Boilermakers dontinued, however, and at the half the score stood 38-13. Riley added one from under the basket to get things moving in the second period and the Lambertmen kept peppering away until their scoring efforts reached the 60 mark with about nine minutes left to go. Fields brought it up past 60 a few minutes later and then Weber dropped in a pair of tallies to make it 65-29. With the crowd yelling for 70, Fields scored on a follow-up and then proceeded to miss two free throws. Fields was short on a onehanded push shot and Wabash took control of the ball just as the game ended.
The corps of cadets at Citadel, military college of S. Carolina, uses, on an average, 7,730 pairs of white gloves per week.
LUNA Thurs. - Fri. - Sat. — 2 HITS
The Sensational Picture Every American Should See. The Earth-Shaking Drama YOU are Living Today! WORLD in FLAMES An Eye-Witness Story of the rise of the Dictators and the Battle of the Free People of Europe against them! ALSO CHARLES STARRETT — IN — "THE PINTO KID"
LAST DAY—2 HITS LEW AYERS in "Dr. Kildare Goes Home’ — AUO — WAYNE MORRIS in "THE QUARTERBACK"
Cause for
ArcL
ler
Cruise Chiffons
They always win a second look . . . sheer three-threads to wear sixteen hours a day. Mor@ beautiful than ever in new Wing Colors.
LOO pr.
Ipta. $2,85
THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 022-626 Main St. Lafayette, Ind.
Boxing Association Begins First Year Initiation Of Pledges Purdue Boxing Association will begin its first initiation today with twenty or more pledges taking part. The association was formed for the first time this year with the primary purpose of promoting boxing as a minor sport on the campus. The pledges will be required to wear a boxing glove hung around the neck every day for two weeks. The final formal initiation will take place at the boxers’ meeting the second Tuesday after Christmas. Clevett Gives Approval Much interest has been evidenced in the sport this year, judging by the large turn-out and M. L. Clevett, director of intramural sports, has given his approval to the association. The following will take part in the initiation: Walter Hanson, Paul Moll, Willard Holloway, Merritt Steele, A1 Johnson, J. S. McRae, H. J. Michael, K. Schakel, B. Hoskins, John Fisher, Hack Payne, Wm. McClure, Wm. Ball, Ed .jSfiyamasu, Donald Nau, Max Sparks, Bob Browar, ' Stan Atz and James Maxey. b.h.
MM/C
Crush a Botany WrmkleProof Tie in your fist. Feel and see it spring back, smooth and un> wrinkled. Come in and see the new "Planned Patterns” in Botany Wrinkle-Proof Ties at ^LWe have the Botany Bo(A of Magic for all purchasers of Botany Wrinkle-Proof Ties.
$
1
BSSEITHAL!; 322 Main St.
ys.’'' ■: , 'V..i.:
‘‘y ’f-/
. v-”
t ‘ yii f I ‘ ‘''j,^^ ' ' ' .< ^ ‘ ‘ " •‘''>'^'{''-TaL,
Ipjukeltid. fjtiionisjnl.
WediMB4<X3ri December 18, 1940
fia0tt 3 •S^ioAiA
LA
. <
</
A
/.
Riv^er Hockey Forces Drill In
Indianapolis; Meeting Thursday
With high hopes of adding another sport to the long list of Boilermaker athletic triumphs, around 20 Riveter hockey enthusiasts wandered down to the Indianapolis Coliseum last Sunday night for their first practice session. Led by Bill Hepburn, who has beeh the chief cog in forming the above-mentioned batch of “puck-chasers,” the local icemen worked out on the Coliseum riiik with thoughts of providing Purdue with its first hockey;t^am in quite a while. •
Meeting Tomorrow In order to garner all of the prospective hockey material that is to be found on the campus, a meeting Ms been scheduled for. tomorrow mght Plans will be discussed for thSiorthcoming practice trips and a thorough organization of the squad will be worked out. Anyone interested in attending this meeting is a^ked-to call Bill Hepburn dt 6021 and get the full particulars of the gathering. Games have been planned tentatively with Illinois, Indiana and a number of the amateur teams that have been frequenting the Indianapolis rink. The Illini are well known in midwestern collegiate hockey circles, while the Hoosiers, like Purdue, are just forming their team.
makers were treated to the Capi-tols-Hersey Bear’s fracas by the Indianapolis Coliseum Corp., under the direction of Dick Miller and Herbie Lewis. After the game, the Riveters took over the ice and proceeded to limber up their somewhat neglected skating muscles.
The next practice session is scheduled for Sunday night, January 12, when the squad will again go down to Indianapolis to watch the Capitols- play, and then take charge of the ice for themselves. j.f.a.
Major Howard Ayres
Treated To Game During Sunday night’s initial practice, the score or so of Boiler-
. . . and Captain Walter H. Hathaway, Field Artillery Reserve, have reported for duty with the military department. Major Ayres’ home is in Hammond, and Captain Hathaway is from Michigan City.
Learn to depend upon us FOR YOUR linens WE SUPPLY WHY BUY?
lAFMETTE LINEL SUPPLY
PHONE 2000 FOR SERVICE
Add Zest to Your Daily Life
Chew Delicious
doublenunt gum
oaew wav to get a
long-tottog ^ ^ hdpa And chewing tins your relieve peut-tiP sweetea breath
digestion, too, and befes
and keep yoni teeto leJteeWiig
Treat yourselt to healtWui, lew
S^^pI^DolBWTGBMtoday
An IrUhniin’s
powers lead the movement to stem such a tide, but then there is the other side of the" ledger that tells this writer that there doesn’t exist today a college sports editor who knows enough about the game to depict or prognosticate future evil from an existing group of mentors. —I-I—
Riveters In Two Chicago Meetings This Week-End
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Well, I see by the papers that the pressure groups at Ohio State not only stimulated a Mr. Schmidt to resign but also his entire staff. Mr. Schmidt and his associates gave Ohio State four victories and four defeats this season in the toughest of competition in the way of football. I can name other schools where the win and lost column looks far different and darker than “4-and-4” but some of those schools are blessed with an abundance of conservatism among those who echo the wails of the student bodies and alumni and fans. —I-I— Deah readers, you can recall the notations I clipped from the Ohio State newspaper demanding that the coaching staff be given the wellknown “walking-papers,” and it looks as if the sports editor over at the Buckeye stronghold has satisfied his efforts. —I-I— Sometimes I can see the benefits to- be derived from trigger-finger writers who apparently see a growing evil and with their journalistic
The man of the hour on this campus as far as this writer is concerned is Claude Reeck, our grand, understanding coach of the wrestling squad, a squad which last Saturday shocked the best of the mid-dle-west to bring to Purdue the AAU championship, but his boys can telkyou better in a poem they were thoughtful enough to write and place in my mail box. Here it is:
When the week-end rolls around it will mean vacation for the majority of us, but for the forces of wily Ward Lambert it will involve a pair of hard-fought-basketball games. Piggy will take his partially crippled squad to Chicago late this week, where they are scheduled to encounter DePaul and Loyola on Friday and Saturday nights, respectively.
We saw him the other night as tears were streaming Across his face which was ever beaming With a smile so wide. For the Boilermakers had dammed up Crimson tide. Three cheers for Coach Reeck with his heart of gold. Three cheers for Purdue, may victory never grow old. —^Wrestling Squad.
Dr. J. H. Bruckner
. . . Ag ’30, has been named acting head of the department of poultry at Cornell university to replace Prof. F. B. Hutt who has been made head of the zoology department. Bruckner obtained his doctor’s degree from Cornell and did part time research and teaching following his graduation from Purdue.
DeLuxe Shampoo and Finger Wave 50c
PERMANENT WAVES $2.50 to $7.50
CO-ED BEAUTY SALON
Phone 3718
210 N. 6th
Tough Rivalries ■ I Neither of these battles bear the 11^ CfllAfllllAC significance to the Riveters that the IFl iJVIIvllUlvJ conference wars do; nevertheless, SftUASH—TODAY they will serve to continue two of Final Match ^jjg geenest hatdwood rivalries in ' the mid-West. Both of the Windy BASKETBALir-TODAY City schools took part in the recent o trend to de-emphasize footbaD, and 8:16 Ward 22 vs. Ward 24. as a resDlt seem td DC prospering 7^o"*w^^23'vs.^Waxd'^37. better athletically, since thejr haive -L-oo Ward 21 Wa?d ili concentrating on the game that is Dr., Naismith’s brainchild. K •. [ n I• Blue Demons of DePaul have i rBXernity OOW/lligf engaged the Gold and Black every season since 1935-36, wh’Sn latter Bi’acTcGb A. W L Delta Tau Delta 19 2 emerged victorious by a 48 to 37 Phi if n count. In the five ensuing meetings Alpha Gamma RhoZ ".'...!”!!i3 8 of the series, the Demons were vicTa?lKSpa 'Epsiion;;r" 13 to the Lambert onslaught, with Sigma Nu 7 14 the lone exception being the camPi Kappa Alpha. 6 16 paign of last year. That affair saw ^"^acket B * champions of the Western ConBete Sigma fsi 20 1 ference humbled to the tune of 37 Alpha Tau Omega 16 6 to 26, giving the Boilermakers a Theta^Ti^^ five to One edge in the six meetings. I 11 “Stretch” vs. “Feed” Phi Sigma Kappa 6 16 Few hardwood duels exceed the 6 16 Loyola overtime scrap of 1930 for HIGH INDIVIDUAL GAME thrilling play. The annals of basSampTe, Aip^a GamZ' Rh;;' 9I9, kctball boast ptoudly of the 25 to HIGH iNDivipuAL SERIES 20 score that the Boilermakers reg.B^rne^^itf Up8non::::;;;;'.:;Z^^^^ Istered, when “stretch” Murphy and HIGH TEAM SERIES “Feed” Murphy collided in an atDECEMBER 18 On Monday evening the Ramblers Bracket A, 8:30 p. m. tasted a close defeat at the'hands A!,£‘"Sn™'Ehr.J'mS.'"chi. Georgetomi Hosas, the S'ffi 5- •“ Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Tau. top, 38 to 36. However, the 75 pomts Bracket B. 8:46 p. m. that they tallied against Arkansas Phf^mma rSte VseteTO^ Pi?^'’'’“- ^pcaks for the type of high scoring Acacia vs. Alpha Sigma Phi. machine that the Gold and Black Phi Kappa Psi vs. Theta XI. „ mi c o . j • e. Delta Upsilon vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 'ace Satur^y m^t. oXc.
Notice Students
STUDENTS SHOE SALE Your Registration Card is worth $i.00 in trade. Show us your cord and you will receive $1.00 off on any pair of shoes you purchase.
Nationally Advertised Shoes • Jarman $5.00 • Bostonians —.$7.85 • Croshy Square 5.00 • Fortune 4.00
Cenrd MUST Be Shown to Receive One Dollar Off on the Above Prices
Make your first Appearance . . .
A lasting memo]^ to those awaiting your return home!
AMERICAN wiU
SaniionerClean
Phone your Wardrobe for this EVENT.
3085 Call Us Today!
American
^2 NORTHWESTERN AVE.
B &WSHOECO. I
L 121 No. Fourth St
USE THE NEW YORK CENTRAL STUDENTS SPECIAL — Leaving — LAFAYETE —12:35 P. M. — DECEMBER 2IST (From Big Four Station) Round Trip Fare Arrive Cleveland — 8:15 P. M. 9.30 Arrive Buifolo —11:50 P, M 14,75 Arrive Albany — 5:00 A.M. 21.50 Arldve New York — 8:00 A. M. 23.00 Arrive Boston —10:40 A. M 29.35 DELUXE—RECLINING AIR CONDmONED COACHES— BUFFET COUNTER DINING CAR —GOOD SATISFYING FOOD AT MODERATE PRICES. ' CfflCAGO SPECIAL Leave 12:45 P. M. Arrive Clncago 3:15 P. M. $3.80 Round Trip Above fares subject to Tariff ConcRtions and Interstate Commerce Commission regulations—^requiring 15 or more to each destination travelog on some train going. May return individualyy within 20 days. RETURN SCHEDUUE Leave New York 11:35 P. M. Leave Buffalo 8:15 A. NL Leave Cleveland 11:58 A. M. Arrive Lafayette 5:48 P. M* Buy Your Identification Certificates EARLYRUSTY LA YSON. President Student Senate.
DECKER’S
518-20 Main St.
Phonn 50341
ROBINSON /ifif//mmt f'-y
^‘TloliceA
Wednesday. December 18. 1940
fijuAdujL £xftimaHt
Gemnny Appoints New Vidiy Enwy;
Confers WHh Pebin On Onslinn Of Uval “'*•
From Vichy— By Paul Ghali SPECIAL RADIO Tto The Chicagw Daily News ForeiKn Service. Copyright, 1940, Chioago Daily News, Inc. Vichy, Dec. 17—^Attired in a fulldress gold and grey uniform and escorted by a military honor guard, Otto Abetz, German ambassador to Prance, was received this morning by Chief of State Petain. The interview lasted two hours and further talks were anticipated for later in the day. As censorship permits the transmission of only the official communique, nothing concrete may be reported regarding the conversations. However, it can be stated that Abetz is here as a result of indications from the Germans that they wished to discuss developments resulting from Friday’s ousting of Pierre Laval as vice-premier and foreign minister and Petain’s having expressed willingness to explain his decision and to welcome an emissary. There is no doubt here that Petain will indeed supply Abetz with his reasons for parting company with Laval. And it is considered certain that he will take this occasion to renew expressions of his desire that the policy of close cooperation between the two countries shall be continued. Without undue emphasis, it may be averted that this day and those immediately to come may well be the most important to Prance sjnge the armistice. At 8 p. m. it was announced that Abetz had arrived at the Moalins demarcation line, where he was met by Gen. Laure Dumoulin de Labarthete, x’epresenting the marshal and by M. Loze, head of the French protocol. The German emissary went directly to his rooms—^the entire first floor of the Hotel Majestic, an annex of the Hotel du Parc, had been reserved for him. It is improbable that the German emissary will be able to see PierreEtieime Flandin while he is here, as the newly appointed foreign minister is confined to his bed with a serious attack of influenza. Personnel Notes Company: Consolidated Edison company of New York, New York City. Company’s Products: Gas and electricity. Type of Positions^ Twoyear training course. Training Desired : ME, EE, ChE. Special Qualifications and Information: Strong interest in public utility work necessary.
TRAILWAYS
0. W. R. T.
Chicago
.... $1.80 $2.95
Gaiy
.... 1.80 2.95
Michigan City „
.... 2.05 3.70
South Bend
.... 2.20 3.95
Indianapolis
.... 1.15 2.10
VERY LOW RATES
FOR THE
HOLIDAYS
208 N. 5th
Phone 4475
From Berlin-
By David M. Nichol SPECIAL RADIO To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940 Chicago Daily News, Inc. Berlin, Dec. 17 — Authorized quarters in Berlin, still somewhat in the dark about the sudden change in the Vichy government, professed “extraordinary interest” today and said that the whole question and its effect on future Ger-man-French relationship was being carefully studied. Comment was only a little fuller than it was yesterday, but it was said: “We are continuing to examine the motives behind the change in an important French government post that is the one most intimately connected with German-French relations. The principal question is how it will affect the policy of collaboration which was documented in the (October) Hitler-Petain meeting.” The spokesman for the German government in its dealings with the changed Vichy cabinet is the German ambassador in Paris, Otto Abetz. Nazi Attitude: We’re Conquerors The Germans point out that their official relationships with France are still those of a military victor and a defeated power between whom there exists an armistice but no final peace. What might happen should Germany find it impossible to deal as it feels it should with the revised French cabinet is not altogether clear. The external evidence indicates that Pierre Laval’s removal came as a sudden and not wholly pleasant surprise. So far it has not even been mentioned in the controlled German press. Should the Germans be convinced that the change is an en-
Announcement has been made by a West Lafayette Citizens committee that plans for the construction of a combined gymnasium and auditorium for West Lafayette high school have been approved by the committee. A detailed explanation of the plans will be made at a general public meeting to be held soon. Plans for the gymnasium and auditorium, to be build south of the new high school, estimate the cost
at $166,000. e.f.
Classified Ads
FOR RENT For Rent: Rusa-Rent-A-Car Service. Can for all occaaioni. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone 2407.
FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. AU makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.58. Oifice supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoif, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Room, for second semester. Board optional. Automatic hot water. Ph. 76663, 915 N Mam St
Wanted: Passengers to New York City. 1940 Plymouth sedan. Leaving Saturday noon Phone 3430
Wanted: Part time and full time detailers, draftsmen, tool designers. Write Box 423, West Lafayette, giving experience and time available for interview.
Lost. Ladles yellow gold Gruen watch Sunday on Vine or Fowler Call 2926 Reward
Lost: White evening bag containing valuable keys. If found leave at west Union desk. Reward
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Hein St. Phone 3701
e Hardware
CHRISTMAS CARDS Exclusive Lines SOUTHWORTH'S
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Locksmith
University Book Store Across form the Union Next to the College Inn M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R, W. "Doc" Epple
KEYS and LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Blc^ae, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phona 2t2a
• Dairy Products M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
OUR CLEANING PROCESS RESTORES LIFE TO FABRICS Dresses Keep Smart Lines and Freshness Much Longer Crown Laundry f I •• E CLEAMKBS O F F I N E CLOTHES
Hort Society . . . will hold its December meeting tonight at 7 o’clock in the Horticulture Assembly room. Foreign night is to be celebrated. The meeting will close early to allow members to attend the Christmas convo.
Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the second semester registration, Jahuai^ 28 and 29, are requested to make appli^tion before Christmas on blanks to be obtoined at the Registrar’s office. Those w)io have had previous experience at registration or m other clerical jobs are given p^erwice, STONE
Eta Kappa Nn: Meeting in r^adihsi room of EE Building at 4 p. m. Thursday, Dor cember 19. y-HOLCOMB. Gold Peppers: Short but important meeting at 6:15 p. m. in women’s lounge of Union Wednesday, December 18. —CARROLL.
WAA: Class volley ball practice Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, December 16, 17, 18 and 19. Freshman and juniors practice at 4 p, ip., sophomores and seniors at 4:30 p. in. —KIRKHOFF.
Ceres: Meeting Thursday, December 19, 9:80 p. m. Room announce later. -JOHNSON.
Notices
Catalyst Club: There will be a party Thursday, December 19. Meet at the Chemical Engineering building /at 7:30 p. m. Please sign up in Dr. Lovell’s office before Wednesday noon. —BERGSTEDT. Distinguished Gun Squad Competition: Sixteen squads consisting of juniors and sophomores will compete for awarls of medals and citations with 76 mm. guns Thursday, December 19, at 7 p. m. on the drill floor of the Armory. —WHITE.
Sigma Delta Chi: Short meeting in Exponent office Wednesday, December 18, at 4 p. m. Set time for initiation. All must be present. —McKEE,
Gimlet: Important meeting I^ednesday, December 18 at 4 p. m. lA foom 303 of Union. Bring signed passport stubs and dues. —taYlor.
POMM Members: Keys are here but must be paid for before they can be distributed. See Bob Massey at the Triangle house. —MASSEY.
Hort Society: Short but interesting program at meeting Wednesday, DeoetAber 18 in the assembly room. Eve^one out I You Will be out in time to attend Christmas convocation. —RESNER.
Purdue Rifle Club: Short meeting of all club members in room 104 of the Fieldhouse Wednesday, December 18, at 7:80 p. m. All students interested are welcome. —GRAUTEN.
Military Bail Committee: Get reports in my mail box in Armory before noon Saturday, December 21. —AULL.
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, December 19, at 7:15 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. All members please be present. -PITCHER.
Purdue Students of Pittsburgh and Vicinity: We are definitely having a formal dance in Chatterbox of William Penn hotel, December 26. $2.20 minimum —DELMAR. All Yell Leaders: Please have uniforms and new megaphones to me by Thursday noon, December 19 —DELMAR.
Christian Student Fellowshiii: Meeting on Thursday. December 19 at 7:80 p. m. in West Lafayette Bible church for Christmas program. Special music from Port Wayne. Everyone welcome. —LONG.
Christian Science Organizatien: Regular meeting Thursday, beeemher 19 at 7:80 p. m. in room 302 of Union. —BURROUGHS.
Lost: Alpha Xi Delta sorority pin. Finder please call 4063. Reward offered. Barson.
tirely internal affair, then their interest probably would subside considerably. So far, apparently, they have not been able to determine whether this is the case or whether there may be new factors in the Vichy attitude toward the “New Order” m Europe.
M
I
M
I
The Most Preciom Gift Of All For Her PER FUMES Imported From Foreign Lands Rare essences from France imported by us before the German occupation can be had in on unexcelled selection at our Toiletries Section. We may hove to no if you delay your purchase until the lost minute, since oirr supplies ore limited*
Caron's Christmas hWght.... ..... Caron |s Bellodgla .. —...... Coronas French Can-Can Caronjs Rockgarden Millot's Crepe de China ...»..«..».....w... Millot's Recital Worth's Je Reviens Worth's Dans La Nuft Worth's Imprudence ... Worth's Intimate Hour ... Worth's Secret of Suzanne Worth's Le Golliwoog (fur hee^ (^uerlain's Shaiimar Guerlain's Vol de Nult . Guerlain's L'Heure Bieue Guerlain's Mitsouko ... Grenovllla's Peige Grenoville's Casanova Grenoviile's Dans Un Jardin
Chanel's No. 5
$10.00 to 6.00 to 7.00 to 8.00 to 3.50 to 2.75 to 3.50 to 3.00 to 2.50 to 3.00 to 1.50 to 2.50 to
Chanel's Gardenia, Russia Laa^or
Ciro's Doux Jasmin Ciro's Surrender
Ciro's Reflections
Ciro's Danger
Schiaparelli’s Shaking ...... Schiaparelli's Salute Schiaparelli's Sleeping
'Maurice Levy's My Sin
Maurice Levy's Arpage ^
Yardley's Bond Street Corday's Toujours Mol Cprday's Tzigane Corday's L'Ardente Nuit .».«...
Corday's Possession
Corday's La Promesse ..... D'Orsay's Belle Du Jour D'Orsay's Le Dandy
D'Orsay's Trophee
D'Orsay's Toujour Fidele Elizabeth Arden's Blue Grass
$10.00 to
6.50 to 6.00 to 6.00 to 5.00 to 2.50 to 2.25 to 3.50 to 5.00 to 5.00 to
.$ 5.00 to
...$ 3.00 to ...$ 4.75 to „..$ 2,50 to ....$ 1.35 to ....$ 8.00 to ....$ 7.50 to »..$ 7.50 to ....$ 1.25 to ....$ 3.50 to ....$ 2.25 to ....$ 3.00 to ....$ I.6B to
1.25 to
-$
$36.50 $19.25 $20.00 $30.00 $ 8.00 $11.50 $11.50 $12.50 $10.00 $13.50 $12.50 $13.50 $ 4.50 $18.00 $10.00 $19.00 $19.00 $10.00 $10.00 $ 9.00 $16.50 $10.00 $17.50 $17.50 $12.00 $10.00 $27.50 $10.00 $30.00 $ 9.00 $ 9.00 $12.50 $18.50 $15.00 $12.50 $12.50 $ 9.25 $13.50 $11.00 $10.00 $13.20 $12.00
We carry of course many other well known perfumes not mentioned here at the usual popular prices.
TOnJETRIES SHOP street Floor Fron(