This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By, and For Students ol Purdue University
/ Purdue Exponent
WEDNESDAY VOL. 49 No. 118 Lafayette, Indiana February 23, 1938
Union Workers PunchPacers Record Student Wanderings
By G. J. Tafel “What are they doing-? ” This was the query framed on the lips of hundreds of Union visitors yesterday as they viewed With curiosity the students stationed behind tables in various parts of the building. But these students are merely freshman and sophomore Union workers, busily engaged counting the number of people who daily pass by and through the Memorial Union Building. Putze’s Brainchild Brain-child of Louis Putze, Student Union executive, the survey is being conducted to approximate as closely as possible the percentage of people who enter the Union, and the percentage who pass by. Two “stations” count the people who pass by on Grant and State streets, and on the walk on the West Side of the Union. Nine other checkers, situated in various corridors, keep track of the number of people
who use the different corridors during the day. Pacers, borrowed from the military department, are used by the checkers to count the passersby. Each checker has six pacers, and each pacer can check a maximum of 900 people. Starting at 8 a. m. Monday, the survey will run until 10 p. m. Sunday. Checkers will be at their stations from 8 in the morning until 10 at night. At the close of the survey, the results will be totalled and used to determine ^here most of the students go after they enter the building. Typical School Week Although the idea was originated last semester, it lay dormant until a short time ago when it was revived and the plans completed. This week was chosen as a typical school week as two small conventions, a basketball game, and A^^omen’s PanHellenic dance are taking place during the sui’vey.
Unifersity Debaters Heet Miclilgan Negative Team In Fewler Hall Tonight In the opening debate of the second semester Big Ten Western Conference, the University affirmative team will meet a negative team from the University of Michigan tonight at 7:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall.
Twelve Freshmen Turn In Petitions For WS6A Positions Twelve co-eds turned in petitions to the WSGA office yesterday in order to be eligible for election to the position of freshman lepresentatives. Two lepresentatives will be elected by freshman women at the meeting of the WSGA co-edislature tomorrow night at 7:15 o’clock in Fowler Hall. Women who have turned in petitions are Ruth Swift, Barbara Joy, Genevieve Houser, Thelma Bugher, Josinah Allen, Mary Elizabeth Fischer, Mary Louise Goss, Pat Ditsch, Janice Renick, Lois Randolph, Carolyn Kiesling, and Alberta Densford. All women students, especially freshmen and transfer co-eds, are urged to attend the meeting. A revision' of WSGA rules will be voted on at the meeting. WBAA To Broadcast Talk On Narcotics “Narcotics, Queries and Answers” will be the subject of a talk to be broadcast over WBAA at 4:15 p. m. today as part of the school of pharmacy’s participation in Narcotic Education Week, which began last Monday. Prof. C. 0. Lee, of the University pharmacy school, will talk over WBAA at 2:15 p. m., Friday, on “Marihuana, the Menacing Weed.” Narcotic Education Week is a time set aside for studying the extent, causes, and consequences of drug addiction. The University school of pharmacy is cooperating in this nation-wide campaign by distributing informative leaflets on drug addiction to doctors, druggists, dentists, and hospitals. Prof Publishes Joke Collection Cracks and wisecracks about insect pests, gathered together in an entertaining volume, were recently released by Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department at the University. Published recently, the collection is called “The Entomologists’ Joke Book.” The handy little volume, a firstaid to after dinner speakers, contains a large number of humorous sayings, poetry, and prose about bugs and rodents with which the entomologists must contend.
This semester’s question, which will be debated for the first time tonight by the University team, is “Resolved: That the proposed Ludlow Amendent to the federal constitution should be adopted.” The main issue of the Ludlow Amendment is whether the people should have the right to vote on the entrance of the United States into a war on foreign soils. Robert A. Buckles and Don Paarlberg make up the University affii mative team. What Will Fate Of ‘Peggy Fairfax, ’ Senior Co~ed, Be? By Sally McKee Who IS Peggy Fairfax? What was her crime? What will be her fate ? Was she really guilty ? What’s it all about, you wonder ? Come to the “Trial of Peggy Fairfax” tomori ow night at 7:15 in Fowler Hall. See a mysteiious senior co-ed tried by a co-ed jury. Margaret Hamilton and the 11 jurors are unprejudiced. Margaret Richey is convinced that Peggy is guilty; and likewise Dorothy Mar tenet is her ardent defense attorney. Foreman of the jury “Danny Rohyans” Elstun will report the de cision of the jury which will be based upon the testimony of such reputable and prominent witnesses as Betty Ann Stewart, Dotty Bryant, Mary Ellen Delaplane, “Rip” Manion” Terstegge, “Tom Sheets” Bain, Betty McKee, Petie “Ace” Light, and Virginia Slocum. For this solemn alfair Mai-y Cooley will clerk; Doi-is Gamble will bailiff. Judge Will Lecture On Christian Science Judge Fredrick C. Hill of Los Angeles, Cal., will lecture in the Union faculty lounge on “Christian Sci ence” tomorrow at 5 p. m. Judge Hill is a member of the Board of Lectureships of the First Church of Christ, Boston. Hill’s appearance here is sponsored by the Christian Science organization of Purdue. Fore Receives Position On Agricultural Staff J. M. Fore, of Fort Mitchell, Va., has been appointed to the University agricultural engineering staff to conduct research work on rural electrification. Fore received his MSA degree from the University last spring, and has been studying here on a fellowship.
Villiers Takes 3,000 Around World
Beecher Will Play Friday For Annual Pan-Hellenic Bali Amid a color scheme of light and dark blue and silver, Keith Beecher and his internationally known dance orchestra will play for the annual Pan-Hellenic Ball, a co-ed bid dance, Friday evening in the Memorial Union ballroom. The dance will last from 9 till 1, and according to Virginia Laramore, decorations committee chairman, 2 o’clock hours have been obtained for co-eds. Beecher and Co., Swingsters Preferred, have done business in the Continental Room of Chicago’s Stevens Hotel, abroad, and over the NBC networks. Judy Talbot is the featured songstress. A novel backdrop arrangement, consisting of a map of the campus sororities, has been planned. Programs are of white leather, embpssed with the gold University seal, and will be distributed to the couples at the door. Virginia Laramore also stated that no co-ed will be admitted to the dance unless she is a member of a national sorority belonging to the Pan-Hellenic Council. Flying Club Acquires Aeronica Cabin Plane Purdue Flying Club members recently purchased a two-passenger Aeronica cabin ship, which was built in September, 1937. The plane has a 40-horsepower motor, which gives it a cruising speed of 80 miles per hour. Its cruising range is 300 miles. Since the cost o± upkeep will be lower on the newly acquired ship, the club expects to reduce the hourly fee from three to two dollars. A few shares in the plane’s ownership are still available for students interested in flying and becoming members of the Flying Club. Delayed Examiners Will Arrive Today The flying cadet examining board under Lt.-Col. William B. Wright, scheduled to arrive here yesterday, was delayed at the University of Illinois, but will get here today. They will examine students petitioning for cadet appointments. Sixteen student applications have already been filed for examinations. Military officials request those who are interested in further details to see Captain Hayford at once. Dr, Lark-Horovitz , , . . . . has been invited to address the Professional Men’s Forum in Indianapolis today on the subject of nuclear disintegrations. Lark-Horo-vitz is head of the University department of physics.
Mary Wien Bakes Best Pie; Awarded Trip To Capitol “Best Cherry Pie in America.” This label on a pie baked yesterday in Chicago, 111., by Mary Wien, junior in the home economics school, announced that Mary had won the National Cherry Week pie-baking contest, a trip to Washington, D. C., to bake pies for the President’s wife, and a $100 cash award. Competing against seven othther state champion pie makers Indiana champion, Mary Wien, worked at a hotel in Chicago’s loop under the distractions of a cameraman’s flash bulbs and 200 spectators as she baked two pies which were required from contestants. Other finalists were from Michian, Minnesota, Illinois, Ohio, Wisconsin, New York, and Iowa. Mary will be formally presented with a copy of the book “Pie” today at 2 p. m. The pi-e-sentation will take place in Washington, D. C., and will be broadcast from radio station WLS at Chicago. She went to Washington from Chicago, yesterday, when she learned of her victory. She will return to Purdue Saturday. Bunn To Relate His Experiences With Famous Musicians Convocation committee chairman J. T. Gunn will speak on “Personalities in Music” at the music appreciation program tomorrow, at 7:30 p. m. in the music room of the Union Building. In his position as chairman of convocations. Professor Gunn has had an opportunity to deal with many prominent musicians. In this, the third music appreciation meeting, he will relate his experiences concerning the hiring of noteworthy musicians., Glee Club Gives Two Out Of Town Concerts University Glee Club members gave two concerts Monday, singing for Peru High School at 2:30 o’clock and then going to Warsaw where they sang for the 25th anniversary of the Clio Literary Society. Glee Club director A. P. Stewart, was in charge of the concerts. V, C. Freeman Receives Committee Appointment V. C. Freeman, assistant dean of the school of Agriculture, recently received an appointment to membership on the committee on instruction in agriculture of the Association of Land Grant Colleges and Universities. He was appointed for a three year term.
Scribe Interviews Villiers Launched Sea Career At 15; Seldom Ashore
By Jim McKee “There’ll always be work for the wind-driven ships. They’ll never go out completely,” is the attitude of Sdaman Alan Villiers. Clad in a dark suit and conscious of his tired eyes and suspenders, he unwove his tale of the sea in his Union hotel room last night. His bare arms showed sailor tattoos, and his comparisons of sea and shore life often brought a smile to his squinty face. Started At 15 “It started when I was 15. We lived in Adellade, Australia, and from the front porch I could see the sailing ships come in from the sea. It has always been my ambition to go to sea. “The influenza epidemic of 1918 gave me my chance. I got my parents’ permission, and started sailing
on square-riggers in and around the south seas. “It wasn’t until I was almost 17 that I went around ^he ‘Horn.’ I shipped as a cadet aboard an English four-master. After that I made several trips to and from England from Australia. Former Newspaperman “Since my start at sailing, I have not spent much time on shore. For a while I worked for a newspaper in Tasmania, covering the first modern whaling expedition into the Antarctic.” Villiers shipped as a hand as well as a correspondent. He added that the figurehead of his ship, Joseph Conrad, was carved by the former Lafayette man, Bruce Rogers. Later Rogers accompanied Villiers on one of the Conrad’s voyages.
Relates Joseph Conrad's Humorous Sea Voyage To Attentive Convo-Goers In Movie-Ledure In one hour and a half last night Alan Villiers, yam-spinner, sailor, and author, took three thousand students and townspeople on a world cruise aboard one of the slowly disappearing square-rigged schooners. Joking most of the way, and with the audience appreciating his wit, Villiers told interesting features of the trip of the Joseph Conrad. Five reels of film showed the life
of the young, hopeful boys as they Worked aboard the boat, sometimes as much as 18 hours a day. The movie-lecture was illustrated. In addition to the films on the Conrad’s voyage, Villiers showed one reel of colored film of ships found in the Baltic Sea. The film dealt mostly with the Danish training ship used to replace the Conrad.
Explains Voyage
His explanation for the voyage v'^as “I had always wanted to buy a ship; fill it up with rum and other necessaries, and sail to the south seas and live. One day while in Copenhagen, I was at the wharfs. I had nothing to do that day, so I bought the Conrad.” With the ship on his hands, “there was nothing to do but go around the world. There wasn’t any other place
I wanted to go.”
Leaving New York Harbor late in January 1935, Villiers set out with his crew of youngsters for his world cruise. The cruise carried the Conrad to Rio, then across the South Atlantic to the Cape of Good Hope. The first stop came at Bali, after a stormy trip through the Indian
Ocean.
In Melbourne Christmas Christmas eve the Conrad anchored in Melbourne, Australia, the home of the skipper. A year behind and another ahead, the ship pushed out in the direction of the South Seas. After a trip of two and a half years the Conrad dropped anchor in New York harbor, finishing a trip of 57,000 miles. From all parts of the voyage Villiers found points of interest for the listeners. Continually throughout the lecture he joked as young, hopeful seamen swung far out over the rolling water. Rhodes To Explain Coast Guard Work Lieutenant E. H. Rhodes, of the U. S. Coast Guard, will explain Coast Guard work in an illustrated lecture tomorrow evening at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. He will show pictures and discuss life of the Coast Guard Academy and also will enumerate the qualifications for entrance in the Academy. A competitive examination for appointment of cadets to the Coast Guard Academy will be held June 8 at New London, Conn. Lieutenant Rhodes stated that he would interview anyone wishing further details about the Academy. H, Myers Will Lecture On Safety Promotion state traffic director Hallie Myers will speak on the subject, “Promotion of Safety on the Highways” tonight at 7:30 in the Civil Engineering Building lecture room. Held under the auspices of the American Society of Civil neers, the talk will be open to the public and refreshments will be served. Hoffer ledures For Chem. Seminar Today American Potash Institute representative G. N. Hoffer will be the guest speaker at an agricultural chemisti'y seminar at 4 p. m. this afternoon in room 209 of the Agricultural Building. Hoffer will discuss “Symptoms of Mineral Nutrient Deficiencies in Plants.” O. W. Ford of the agricultural experiment station will also be on the program to review a chemistry journal.
Dairy Club Sets Next Wednesday As Date For First Banquet Next Wednesday evening H. C. Horneman will speak on “Opportunities and Developments in Dairying” at the first annual Purdue Dairy Club banquet, which will begin at 6 o’clock in the cafeteria of the Home Economics Building. Horneman is president of the Sugar Creek Creamery Company, Danville, 111., and is also proprietor of Kenfleur Farm, where Guernsey cattle and Belgian horses are bred.
Banquet
The banquet is the first of its kind to be held here, and it will feature the general theme of the “March of Dairying.” The Dairy Club is sponsoring dairy products at the meal, and two kinds of cheese, milk, butter, and individual ice cream will be
served.
Donations from various companies will be given away for favors at the meal, and 75 cents will be charged for tickets to the ban-
quet.
Photographer To Speak Today For Camera Club “Have you ever heard of a photographer having his own picture?” wrote Joseph Craven, chief photographer of the Indianapolis Star, to Camera Club Program Chairman John Baker. Baker had requested Craven’s picture for posters announcing the journalist as guest speaker at the Camera Club meeting tonight at 7:15 o’clock in room F of the Memorial Union Building. Stories behind the news, and how to get them, will be discussed from a journalist’s and photographer’s angle by the “man whose credit line is known by photogi'aphers all over the state,” said Jim West, publicity chairman for the Club. Craven, who is also president of the Indiana Association of Photographers, will look over prints of campus scenes, which must be turned in at the meeting to be eligible for the traveling exhibit of 60 pictm-es which will be sent to various universities. Prof.O. G. Lloyd Speaks TonigM On Conservation Continuing a series of talks on conservation, Pi-of. 0. G. Lloyd, head of the University department of farm management, will discuss tonight at 8 o’clock “The Conservation of Indiana Farm Land.” Sponsored as part of the adult education program in this community, the talk will be held in room B of the Union Building. Next talk after Prof. Lloyd’s will be a lecture by Dean of Men M. L. Fisher, March 4, on the subject “Conservation of Bird Life.” M. O. Pence, of the agronomy extension department, will speak on “Soil Conservation in Europe.” Pence spent last summer on a tour through Europer
Indiana Weather
Weather for State: Generally fair in south, mostly cloudy in. north portion today. Generally fair with no decided change in temperature tomorrow. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 36; low, 30; mean,.33.-.V
Hi
tr
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, February 23. 1938
Finding Fuel For The Fire... . . . arises as a problem to the frosh as the time rolls near for the annual burning of pots and toques to symbolize the freeing of University yearlings from the traditional rules and customs to which they have been subjected since their enrollment here. Whether they gather dead limbs from Happy Hollow or, as was the case two years ago, use lumber intended for construction purposes on the new Administration Building, some little work is entailed. In view of the increasing tendency towards the abolition of physical punishment during pledge periods, we suggest that University fraternities simplify the fuel problem of the freshmen by appropriately turning over all paddles to the pot burners. May the pot fire of the class of 1941 bum high from the fuel of fraternity paddles to symbolize the complete passing of hell week. Another Three Months... .. . and the school year will be gone—another year in which a large number of campus organizations will have failed to justify their existence. Apparently founded for good purposes, many of them now serve only to collect dues, arrange a few social functions, and perhaps provide a modicum of honor for their members. Earlier in the year, some groups excused their inactivity with the statement they had no funds to act with, but that they were going to get on the ball as soon as the new pledge crop was taken in or when their prize moneymaking affair of the year had replenished the treasury. Wonder what they’re saying now ?
the Purdue Exponent MEMBER ^seciated MADISON WISCONSIN Entered M second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Coneress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of poBtase provided for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authoriied Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during: the reipilar academic year and weekly during: the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions 88 per year; by mail $8.60. represented for NATIONAU ADVERTISINa BV NatioiiagHdirertBsingService, Inc. College Publtshers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York, N. Y. Chicago - Boston - Los Angeles - SAN Francisco
EdHor-lA-Chisf
BnalncM VmsaMgcet
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Manaring Editor J. H. Brodc Associate Editors...... A. Bauey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. ^hto^er, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Managper— —J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager —-^.W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager —.R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager - M. C. Reeves
Editor — Associate Editors..
Editor..„ Associate Editors-
CO-ED STAFF Itery Cooley,
—Elizabeth Pyke Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF R, p, Obenchain „J. S. Brown, R, L. McDonald, B, D. Witwer
Editorial Phono S0S7
MAIN OFFICE
812 N. Fifth St., Lafayett^^^iana
Phono 6988
UNION OFFICE Room E, Membrial Union Building, West L^ayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily eo^ncide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unSigmed OTitorials aro written by the edi-tor-in-^ief. Night Editor—Hardin Issue BMitor—Deckard Wednesday, February 23, 1938
Letters to tlie Editor
PSA Chairman Defends Organization’s Stand Dear Editor: Twice this year efforts have been made to discredit the Purdue Student Alliance in letters to the editor of the Exponent. The program and activities of the PSA, itself, were not singled out for criticism, presumably because the authors of the letters agi’eed with or did not seriously disagree with the platform or those activities. The editor’s comments on last Thursday’s letter by Mr. Moser are particularly valuable since they clearly bring to light the main issue, namely the implied radicalism of the American Student Union. The PSA does not hold itself responsible for the individual political beliefs of the 20,000 members of the ASU scattered through the county. The aims and program of the ASU do, however, concern the PSA. Delegates representing the PSA were present at the national convention last December at Vassar when the entire ASU program was reviewed and revised. A further quotation from President Roosevelt’s letter to the convention and the comments of important newspapers after the convention will be illuminating. The President wrote, “It is encouraging to find that there are students sufficiently socially-minded to devote four days of their brief Christmas holiday to a discussion of our country’s social and economic problems.’’ The New Yoik Times commented, “But one would be getting somewhere if all groups of students were stirred to do some active thinking of their own. They have no right to be economically and sociologically illiterate. What they now think doesn’t matter half so much as does the obligation to think . . .’’ The Indianapolis Star stated, “The student sessions on the whole were more conseiwative than might have been expected, considering the record of recent years. The change may indicate that American universities are doing more effective work in preparing students for citizenship ’’ Meyer Mirkin, Chairman PSA. Prof. Wiley Called East Prof. R. B. Wiley, head of the civil engineering school, was called east Monday to Westminster, Vt., because of the serious illness of his father, John D. Wiley. ' His father, who is 79 years old, was born in Vermont, but spent a large part of his life in Detroit, Mich. He recently moved back to Vermont to retire.
By Mary Jean Cooley How many presidents of the United States received college training, and what colleges did they attend ? The answers, as dug from the depths of research in encyclopedias and history books, disclosed some interesting facts. Of the seven most famous presidents, excluding the present incumbent of the White House, only three, amazingly enough, went to college. George Washington, Andrew Jackson, Abraham Lincoln and Grover Cleveland received no college training. Theodore Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson, the remaining two of the seven most famous, were highly educated. Roosevelt was graduated from Harvard, and Wilson from Princeton, Virginia and Johns Hopkins. Thomas Jefferson attended William and Mary. In the days of Washington and Jackson, there were fewer colleges and attendance was more difficult than in later years. In the case of Lincoln, as every schoolboy knows, abject poverty made foi-mal education impossible and Cleveland seems to have had little opportunity for college work—not, however, that any of these men need alibis. Despite the lack of college training of five of this group of seven, the vast majority of American presidents did attend college, about 70 per cent to be exact. Since Cleveland’s time,, all of them could lay claims to college training in some degree. Twenty-two out of the thirty-one presidents could, at least, qualify as college alumni. Wilson was the most highly educated of them all. He received his A. B. from Princeton, his degree in law from the University of Virginia and a Ph. D. from Johns Hopkins. Former President Hoover was one of the first students at Stanford and President Franklin Roosevelt received an A. B. from Harvard and an LL. B. from Columbia. On several occasions he has also received the third degree from Congress and the Supreme Court. Students at smaller colleges can take heart from the fact that some of the less widely known institutions gave the country a number of presidents. Dickinson College, for example, produced President Buchanan; Hampden-Sydney, William Henry Harrison; Union, Chester A. Arthur; and Allegheny, William McKinley. Rutherford B. Hayes attended Kenyon before going to Harvard for his law course. To get down to the record, however, heie IS a list of the presidents of the United States^ and their respective college, if any;
Prof. Hall To Address Educational Assembly Prof. 0. F. Hall, of the University division of education and applied psychology, will be one of the speakers at the Social and Educational Conference in Indianapolis today This meeting, sponsored by the Indiana Farm Bureau, is an annual affair, and attracts farm women from all over Indiana. The theme this year is to be “Community Builders,” and Prof. Hall will develop a phase of this subject. Board Of Trade Educator Will Speak Here Friday Clarence Henry, educational director of the Chicago Board of Trade, will speak at an open meeting of Ceres, agronomy honorary, Friday night at 7:30 in Ag Hall. Henry’s topic for discussion will be “The Woidd’s Granary.” This will be the first Ceres-sponsored open meeting this semestei. I EC Extends Invitation To Faculty Members Indiana Engineering Council officials have invited several members of the University faculty to attend their annual meeting at the Hotel Lincoln in Indianapolis on February 25. An educational program and business sessions are scheduled for the afternoon and evening. Professor W; A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering, is at present a member of the publicity committee of the council. He has been both president and secretary of the organization.
Geoi'ge Washington, none; John Adams, Harvard; Jeffei'son, William and Mary; Madison, Princeton; Monroe, William and Mary; John Quincy Adams, Harvard; Jackson, none; Van Buren, none; William Henry Harrison, Hampden-Sydney; John Tyler, William and Mary; James K. Polk, University of North Carolina; Zachary Taylor, none; Millard Fillmore, none; Franklin Pierce, Bowdoin; James Buchanan, Dickinson; Lincoln, none; Johnson, none; Grant, West Point; Hayes, Kenyon College and Harvard; James A. Garfield, Williams; Chester A. Arthur, Union; Grover Cleveland, none; Benjamin Harrison, Miami University; William McKinley, Allegheny; Theodore Roosevelt, of Harvard; William H. Taft, Yale and Cincinnati Law School; Wilson, Princeton, Virginia and Johns Hopkins; Harding, Ohio Central College; Coolidge, Amherst; Hoover, Stanford; Franklin Roosevelt, Harvard and Columbia Law School.
Notes on the Union Traffic Survey We understand this Union traffic survey is going to last all week, so we might as well make up our minds to accept it for better or for worse. However, we have a few questions we’d like answered: (1) When the results are tabulated will they indicate that the main floor hallway should be a thrustreet ? (2) What is to be done about doubleparking? (This refers to Hauptly lounging near the East desk.) (3) Will a stop light be stationed near the sweet shop ? (Not that it’s needed.) (4) What about installing automatic parking timers for the telephone booths ? ■ (5) Who will issue traffic tickets for speeding? Beverlee Rawlings is most patriotic . . . she wore a tiny flag in her hair yesterday for George’s boithday . . . di mi! When Doc Miller fails to advance . that’s news. He made a night call not long ago and when he was finished he jumped into his car, but the blamed thing wouldn’t go forward. Hence, the honorable doctor had to back it all the way home . . . a distance of some ten blocks. Betty Elstun has disgusted the Thetas. Every so often Betty goes on a skim milk and something or other diet to lose some weight. The last time she tried it she gained three pounds. Now she’s decided to eat regular food and lose weight. Maybe the taverns have something to do with the unsuccessfulness of your diets, Betty. We’ll bet Master Alan Viliiers has a remarkable vocabulary . . . not disclosed at the convo last night. And now Mary Wien wins a piebaking contest and is on her way to Washington to show Mrs. Roosevelt how it’s done. Maybe Mary can get a job in Hollywood baking pies for the slapstick comedy producers. The co-eds are putting Peg Fairfax on trial ... we don’t know for what . . . but it sounds good as the sign reads, “For Women Only.” Archery Class For Beginners To Meet Today An archery meeting for beginners at 4:15 p. m. in room 105 in the new Men’s Gymnasium this afternoon, will afford them an opportunity to learn something about the sport. To those persons who turn green with envy as they see pictures of Robin Hood using his trusty bow, or William Tell performing his famous act this is indeed a unique chance. Archery has come into its own in the last two years and is building up into one of the best of minor sport activities. A range has been set up in the basement of the gymnasium so that indoor practice can be carried on until the weather permits moving outside.
DANCE PROGRAMS AND FRATERNITY BULLETINS CALL 7828 Lafayette Printing Company
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘I forgot to tell you—these streamliners go through the tunnels in half the time!”
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
TUXEDO FOR SALE—In excellent condition. Price reasonable. Telephone Fuenet at 5086.
WANTED—Junior ChE wants a roommate. Modern conveniences. 112 South Grant.
APARTMENT—Two rooms completely furnished. Good heat, 511 North 7th. Phone 6391.
LOST—Cameo ring. Finder will please return to W. W. Tieman, 443 Vine street. Reward.
Modern engineering offers a career to women as well as men, according to Dean E. A. Holbrook of the University of Pittsburgh school of engineering.
ARC
-LAST DAYWarner Baxter Wallace Beery
“SLAVE SHIP” — and — ‘SONG OF THE CITY’ with Margaret Lindsay Jeffrey Dean Nat Pendleton
‘DICK TRACY” SERIAL
■—TODAY— The Roaring Show from Rhythm Row!
YiUh VICTOR MOORB MILTON BERLB Hsian Brodsrifk. Jans Froraan, Buitsr Wait, Mslliia Mason, Hal Kamp and Orchottra
STARTS TOMORROW TRIPLE HIT PROGRAM
LEE TRACY
“Crashing Hollywood” PLUS “They Won’t Forget” with Claude Rains — Gloria Dickson EXTRA!! MARCH OF TIME “INSIDE NAZI GERMANY”
Captain Fred W. Griffiths, 65, retired naval reserve officer, is the oldest student at Washington University.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Dance Instruction Learn to Dance by Enrolling in Our New ADULT BEGINNER’S CLASS Tonight 7:00 P. M. NEW ADVANCED CLASS Friday, Feb. 25, 7:00 P. M. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6tli & Ferry
—LAST DAY— FREDRIC MARCH
"TH£ jBuccAmiR: with Franciska Gaal Akim Tamiroff
Tomorrow and Friday HENRY FONDA JOAN BENNETT in ‘I Met My Love Again”
LUMA —LAST DAY—
-STARTS TOMORROW-
ROBERT YOUNG FLORENCE RICE FRANK MORGAN in “PARADISE FOR THREE”
DOLORES DEL RIO GEORGE SANDERS in “INTERNATIONAL SETTLEMENT”
Ml
■*Wednesday. February 23, 1938
THE PURDtJE EXPONENT
, 1
Six Purdue Men Remain In Golden
Gloves Tourney
With six men still in the running for Golden Gloves championship honors, Coach “Punchy” Maxwell’s boxing team members are in the pink of condition for their matches tonight, in the Golden Gloves boxing show at the Lafayette Armory. Maxwell’s chances for victory are limited to four weights with the six men battling in only four classifications. In the 126 pound class are Hardesty and Murphy; Steve Bacharach is in the 160 pound class, and Dilst and Lyles are in the 175 pound group; Ramputi is in the 188 pound class. Chicago Bound The Purdue boxers who are victorious in tonight’s battles, along with their coach, will leave at noon Sunday, by train for Chicago, where they will be matched with the leading amateur boxers of the United States. They will remain in Chicago until Wednesday. Also of interest to boxing fans will be the finals of the ROTC freshman boxing championship to be held tomorrow afternoon in the main gym of the Fieldhouse at 4 o’clock. Winners in the preliminary bouts held last week, will be matched to decide upon the champions in each weight. Certificates Needed Lt. Colonel J. A. Pickering announced yesterday that it would be necessary for all boxers to present a certificate from Student Health Service, stating that they were in condition to fight. Anyone failing to be examined, will not be permitted to enter the ring. Matches will last four minutes, and any person who has not been examined may not be in condition to stand the strain.
Freshmen Freshmen interested in advertising and newspaper promotion work report to the Exponent office, 312 N. 5th street, from 2 to 5:30 p. m. Thursday. W. J. Gillilan, Nat’l Adv. Mgr.
Boilermaker Tank Squad Host To lllini
fielder’s choice
By Dick Obenchain
Oh, what a headache the present Big Ten race has been for sport dopesters . . . And we were among the first out on the limb which came crashing down about the time that the lowly lllini (now running Chicago a close race for the cellar position) beat our Boilermakers who had a spotless season up to that point. —^fc— Chicago has been the surprise team . . . after losing 33 consecutive Big Ten tussles, the Maroons defeated Iowa on the Hawkeyes own floor . . . And when we settled back in our chair and yelled fluke, they came right back just two days later to dump the lllini ... Now we have to play them next Monday. —^fc— At least we picked the Wildcats for a spot in the first division . . . Which was more than 90 per cent of the rest did-. . . We gave them a fourth or fifth spot in our ratings (they haven’t been out of first place since the conference season opened) . . . But both Iowa, who is battling at a .500 clip, and Purdue have beaten them . . . We think we still have a chance in this rating as Northwestern’s horizon isn’t such a rosy hue . . . They meet Michigan and Ohio State away from home and the powerful Boilermakers at Evanston . . . We feel that they must lose one and possibly two . . . But the possibility of three losses is too remote. —fc— Especially remote is the possibility with Michigan and Ohio State performing in such uncertain fashion . . . Michigan, hitting along at top speed gets knocked down by Michigan State, and dragged out by Iowa . . . And as we are burying her after the Gopher loss, she runs up the biggest score of the the current conference season against a mighty
The Tops in Hotel Stops
HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
• the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores
“DEAC”
Everything for a College Education
H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH’S
Everything for the Purdue Student
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
Locksmith —
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths
Automobile key and lock serrice our specialty. L. C. N. Door Closer Distributors
208-211 N. 5th St., Phone 2828
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
— Furniture
Student Equipment
J'juAndjjUui Qo.
425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
— Beauty Studio —
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE
Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
Swimming, Diving, Water Polo Scheduled For Second Meet In New Fieldhouse Pool
Purdue’s new Fieldhouse pool will be the scene of the Boilermakers’ second home,meet this season, when they meet the Illinois tank squad this afternoon in a dual meet of swimming and water polo at 4 o’clock.
Illinois has one of the strongest teams in the Big Ten this year, although their record does not show it. Reason for the lllini defeats is that they have one of the toughest schedules possible. lllini Strong Both teams are well balanced with the lllini having the edge in a number of events. Illinois is strongest in the breast stroke, back stroke and 440»yard relay. Purdue displays the most strength in the diving event with Wildhack and Craig as the stars. Wildhack placed first in the Chicago meet last week-end, after he was given a zero on one dive. The remainder of his dives were so superior to those of the competing divers that his failure in one attempt did not affect his final score.
Water Polo Jinx Coach LaBree said that his watef polo team was rapidly improving and that he expected them to break into the winning column before long. Illinois will be Purdue’s opportunity to bi’eak that jinx which has been following them so far this season. Outstanding on the Boilermaker squad are Captain Van Delester and Armstrong. Armstrong scored twice in the Chicago game in which the Gold and Black wei’e defeated 7-3. Swimming is rapidly gaining the favor of the student body and a big crowd is expected to be on hand to view the battle.
strong Badger team, 58 to 29 . . . All of which happens in a week and two days. —^fc— We also thought Indiana was going places . . . Well they did . . . They went everyplace . . . But they only won three games . . . And we are scared to death over the prospect of meeting them at Bloomington Saturday . . . Give us another aspirin. —fc— All of which leads us to make our last ( ?) Big Ten basketball prediction ... If Michigan can defeat the Boilermakers at Columbus, Chicago still stands a very remote chance of winning the title.
Frosh Track Squad Meets Indiana, Ohio State Tomorrow
Coach Homer Allen’s freshman track squad will run a triangular telegraphic meet with Ohio State and Indiana University frosh tomorrow and Friday at 4 p. m. in the Fieidhouse. Last week, in a similar dual meet, the frosh ran against a yearling squad from Notre Dame, but the Irish failed to send in their results. “The freshmen look better this year than they have for quite some time,” said« Allen. “This is probably because of the better facilities at hand for working out.” He continued, “at the end of the month they ought to be in better condition and then we can see how good they really are.” Outstanding Trio Three of the frosh are outstanding trackmen at the early stage of the season. Holderman wins consistently in the distances, Rankin captures the hurdle events, and Weber takes the shot put. In the Notre Dame meet Weber heaved the shot 44 feet. Hibbs is another comer, having cleared 11 feet 8 inches in the pole vault, the best that has been done recently by a freshman. Indiana, however, boasts two first year men on its squad who look as if they are bound for laurels in their events. One of them is a miler who hibition race last Saturday at ran the distance in 4:24 in an exBloomington, and the other is Joshua Johnson, a colored boy, who put the,shot 48 feet. Johnson is also reputed to have thrown the discus farther than the accepted world's record, so he especially will bear watching in the future. «
Basketball Results “B” League Lambda Chi Alpha 20, Sigma Chi 12 Phi Kappa Sigma 26, Delta Upsilon 47. Alpha Chi Rho 57, Beta Sigma Psi 27.
SPRING'S FIRST STYLE NOTE
Be sure to see our smartly tailored suits, we have a wide variety of colors and styles. Also sde our new and stylish toppers. Prices are set to fit everybody's pocketbook.
$10.95 to $29.75
STEIGER
530 MAIN
PHONE 4935
BASKETBALL
-Today-
Court 1—Foster 7:00—Cary Hall N-1 vs. N-3. 7:15—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Delta Tau Delta. 8:25—Ward 1 vs. Ward 12. 8:40—Ward 8 vs. Ward 10.
Court 2—Humphrey 7:00—Carry Hall N-2 vs. Annex. 7:15—Sigma Pi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 8:25—Ward 9 vs. Ward 14. 8:40—Ward 6 vs. Cary Hall 3.
Court 3—Mangas, Igney or Aronson 7:00—Sigma Pi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon (A)—Igney-Aronson 7:15—Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Chi (A). 8:25—Ward lOX vs. Cary Hall 2. 8:40—Ward 2A vs. Ward 7.
Five Teams Left In Class 'A' Finals
Alpha Gamma Rho defeated Delta Chi, 18 to 10, on the varsity Fieldhouse floor last night, to enter the semi-finals of the loser’s bracket in the class A basketball tournament. With this defeat, only five teams are left in the running for the championship. One bracket of the semi-final loser’s round remains unfilled, with Sigma Chi meeting the Phi Belts tonight at 7:15 o’clock to decide who will fill this vacant bracket. Also playing tomgnt, undeleated Sigma Pi and the SAE’s will battle at 7 o’clock for the right to enter the finals.
Sigma Pi will be close on the trail of its second consecutive championship tonight, and with a squad roster sounding like a football lineup with such names as Zachary, Woltman, and Bykowski, the team will bear close watching to be stopped.
University Notices
No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
CE 6 Students: Students interested in a Summer School course in Surveying: 6 should see me in room 102 of the Civil Engineering Building before March 1. —LOMMEL.
English Condition Examinations: In all courses of English and Speech will be held Saturday, March 12, 1 p. m., in Education Building, room 201. —CREEK.
Sophomore Co-ed Exponent Workers: Schilling, Sawdon, and Henry work Wednesday, February 23. Wickard, Martens, and Steffee work Thursday, February 24. Wimborough, Thrasher, and Johnson work Friday, February 25. —McKEE.
Union Committees: The following freshmen will work on the committees listed: Crossman—Dorothy Koiar, Mary Louise Goff: Eastburn—Manette Hollingsworth, Jane Schueler. Turner—Ona Morrison, Jane Black, Mary Jane Kyle; Wood—Catherine O’Leary, Marilyn McKnight, Josinah Allen ; Cabonargp— Ona Morrison, Josinah Allen; Matthews— Pane Black. MillhoUand—Marilyn McKnight, W. A. Illsley, M. A. Kline: Samuelson—Manette Hollingsworth, Jane Schueler, J. A. Stahn; Jacobson—Mary Jane Kyle, Catherine O’Leary, R. Bauman. Garland—A. Botsford ; Harper—Dorothy Koiar, Mary Louise Goff, H. C. Dees, J. C. Webb: Taylor— H. W. Lloyd, J. H. Ant. 1-21 —SAMUELSON.
Freshman Battery Basketball: Battery athletic commanders contact your battery and organize your freshman basketball team. Inter-battery competition will begin Thursday, February 24. Watch the Exponent for game schedules. —PICKERING.
Newman Club: Discussion group will meet in room A of the Union Building Thursday, February 24, at 7 p. m. —McCONAHAY.
Playshop Stage Crew: All members are urged to co-operate in "Of Thee I sing.” Playshop hours will be given for working every day in the sub-basement of the Union Building at 4 p. m. 2-25 —BRENMAN.
Union Workers: Our committees will meet in the Union work room at 4 p. m. Wednesday, February 23. —JACOBSON, SAMUELSON.
PIA Dance Classes: The new beginner's class will be held Wednesday evening, February 23, at 7 :30. The second of the first beginners’ classes will meet Thursday, February 24, at 7:30. The first of the advanced classes will be held Monday, February 28, at 6:00. Later advanced classes will meet at 7:30, Monday. Sign in the PIA office. 2-25 —CLYMER.
Cadet Officers’ Luncheon Committee: Meeting at 4 p. m. Wednesday, February 23, in Lt. Col. Pickering’s office in the Armory. —BEHRENDS.
Co-ed Archers: Those interested in indoor archery please see me. 2-25 —SCHWEN.
Gimlet: Dinner meeting at the Alpha Chi Rho house Wednesday, February 23, at 6 p. m. Pledging. —BROWN.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Thursday February 24, at 7:30 p. m. in room F of the Union. Pledges be prepared for written test. List of members may now be obtained at Alpha Chi Rho house. . , —WEDLEIGH.
Chinese Students’ Club: Regular meeting will be held in room A of the Union Building, Saturday, February 26, at 1 p. m. —SOO-HOO.
WSGA: Members of activity committee please turn in their reimrts. 2-25 —JONES.
Union Sophomore Committees: HARPER—Meyers, Brubeck, Hastings, Baker, Reinhart. MATTHEWS—Hallett, Drabing, Peterson, McClelland, Thomas, Griest. WOODS—Walker, Smith, Sefton, Crepps.
TAYLOR—Pogue, Belfield, Larsh, Walker, Zimmerman. CABONARGI — Hartman, Richardson, Rectenwall, Ruth Hall, Sefton. CROSSMAN—Schickler, Stocker, Hardin, Thomas. SAMUELSON—Morrison, Bowling, Heubner, Hardin. MASON—Cooper, Ashton, Schryver, Laramore, Schickler, Estay. JACOBSON—Hruby, Kany, Rice, Kramer, Crepps, Smith. TURNER—Reinhart, Hall, Baker. MILLHOLLAND — Lynch, Williamson, DeMars, Mytinger, Edson, Stocker. EASTBURN — Zimmerman, Leramore, Edson, McClelland. 2-23 '
Co-eds: All interested in working on costumes for “Of Thee I Sing” report to reception room of Union any time between 1 and 4:30 p. m. Wednesday, February 23. —WOOD.
Playshop Board: Group pictures for the Debris will be taken in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building, Thursday, February 24, at 7:50 p. m, —LEWIS.
Of Thee I Sing: Rehearsal for the principals and all choruses except the eight show girls at 7 p. m., Wednesday, February 23 in the tower room of the Union. —WORCHSTER.
Gala Week Committee: Group pictures for the Debris will be taken in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building, Thursday, February 24, at 7:30 p. m. -LEWIS.
Interfraternity Presidents!’ Ball Committee: Group pictures for the Oehria will be taken in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building, Thursday, February 24, at 7:40 p. m. —LEWIS.
Christian Science Lecture: Judge Frederick C. Hill, of Los Angeles, Cal., will speak Thursday, February 24, in the faculty lounge at 7:45 p. m. Public invited. —BROWN.
Conditions! in Mtathematics: Examinations for the removal of conditions in mathematics will be held Saturday, March 19 at 1 p. m. in the Recitation Building. Students who wish to take this examination must report to the instructor who gave the condition before March 1. —MARSHALL.
Purdue Badminton Club: Meeting of all members at the co-ed gym, Thursday, February 24 at 7 p. m. Those who wish to play, come equipped. —GOLDSTEIN.
WAA Volleyball: Games to be played on Wednesday, February 23 are: at 4 p. m., freshmen 1 vs. sophomore 1 ; sophomore 2 vs. seniors ; at 4 :30 p. m., sophomore I vs. sophomore 2, freshman 3 vs. senior. —RODERICK.
PIA Dance Class: New beginners’ class will be held in the reception room of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. Wednesday, February 23. —CLYMER-
Silver Mask: Important meeting in room D of the Union, Wednesday, February 23. at 7 :30 p. m. —MATTHEWS.
Of Thee I Sing: Any student interested in working on the properties committee sign up at the theater office in Fowler Hail at 4 p. m. Wednesday, February 23. —ROBINSON.
Union Workers: My committee will meet in the sub-basement (playshop work room) at 4:30 p. m. Wednesday, February 23. —MATTHEWS.
Camera Club: Meeting in room F of the Union Building, Wednesday, February 23, at 7 ;16 p. m. —WEST.
Freshman Union Committees: Matthews; R. Hoffer, Jane Halton ; Samuelson: G. P. Hallade : MillhoUand: T. L. Gardner : 'Taylor : Lucy Meurer ; Grossman: Jane Halton ; Wood: Lucy Meurer. 2-24 —CROSSMAN.
Camera Club: Prints for traveling exhibit must be in by 7 :15 p. m. Wednesday, February 23. —WEST.
Follow the ARROW to QUALITY Ice Cream
All flavors of Sundaes — Milkshakes FAIRMAN BROS. ICE CREAM
WEST LAFAYETTETHE PUBDUE EXPONENT
^f>
Wednesday, February 23, 1938
500 MAIN ST, CLOTHES SHOP INC.
IOWA
vs. MINNESOTA
In picking basketball teams — You can’t go wrong with Purdue.
Seniors!
Protect your education
MICHIGAN vs. ILLINOIS You will also pick a winner When you insure with
The Lafayette Life
Insurance Company
A Mutual Old Line Company
Here's a sale you can't afford to miss' A year 'round favorite in Double the Usual Quantity buy boxes and boxes for future use and
for gifts 200 SINGLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES OR 100 DOUBLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES
$1
Onltf iintx
UU[[ [HHK
Printed with Monogram or Name and Address Fine quality paper checked in appealingly fresh pastel shades of Blue, Ivory, Green or Orchid If you have a constantly changing address may we suggest the smart Monogram style . . . but whichever style you prefer you'll want to take advantage of this remarkable sale of Rytex Double Check in Double the Usual Quantity A $2 value for $1
PRINTED STATIONERY
3>04ii/e 2.uafUU4f>
HAYWOOD'S
5th and Ferfy Streets Lafayette, Ind.
IOWA
\s. MICHIGAN
MARQUETTE vs. COLUMBIA Like Cedric, you too can be saved. Only don't let the damages on your cor catch up with you like this fire has caught Cedric. Have your cor checked regularly at—
Peter Anderson Co.
24 Hour Service
Phone 4048
525 Alabama St.
PICK THE
WINNERS
(^jclsJv ChoahdA.!
Here’s your chance to show just how much you know about picking Basketball scores. To make this contest even more interesting the EXPONENT is offering prizes of $3.00, $2.00, and $1.00 for the best three entries. Pick and win I Send your entry today.
CONTEST RULES
1. Using your ability and any scientific method you may have, estimate the scores of the ten basketball games found in the advertisements on this page. 2. Write in twenty-five words or less, “Why I Think I Should Patronize Local Merchants.” 3. The decision of the judges shall be final. In case of ties duplicate prizes will be awarded. 4. Entries will be judged on accuracy, originality, and neatness. 5. Contests will be run every week through the Purdue 1938 basketball season. Entries must be in the EXPONENT office by 5 p. m. each Friday. 6. Scores must be on clipping of the contest page, or pages; or reasonably exact facsimile thereof. 7. Entries will be received only if mailed by Campus Mail, left at the Union Desk, or left at the EXPONENT office. Address all entries to Local Advertising Manager, Purdue Exponent. 8. Results will be announced in the EXPONENT. 9. Members of the EXPONENT Staff, EXPONENT employees, or their families are not qualified for entry.
LAST WEEK'S PRIZE WINNERS
First Prize—Award of $3.00 R. E. ORTMAN 130 South Grant
Second Prize—Award of $2.00 O. R. NEIDLINGER 305 Salisbury
Third Prize—Award of $1.00 G. W. ROPER 690 Waldron
R. H. Thatcher
Honorable Mention R. A. Kettle
L. Haverkamp
We Are Receiving Daily— SPRING CLOTHING
Which 3re, of course, in the latest styles. See the new Arrow Shirts and Ties . . . you'll them! SOCIETY BRAND SUITS ARROW SHIRTS AND COLLARS Formal Accessories Including THE NEW "LIDO" WINGED COLLAR
NOTRE DAME
vs. COLGATE
'BjuIiLojtL
INC.
In the Village
W atches—Diamonds—Jewelry
LOYOLA vs. XAVIER
gJCWELBB
WL eeierd cI^iincL
420 Main Street
CHICAGO vs. MINNESOTA
Everything for
a College Education
CHICAGO vs. PURDUE
H.G.(Deac)Reisner College Bookstore
While you’re thinking about which teams will win, drop in for a chop steak and root beer. Bert
Triple XXX
INDIANA
vs. PURDUE
A definite, tense, entertaining review of the news in permanent book form.
"IN 1937"—by the Test-Maker of "TIME" Magazine by A. C. Eurich and E. C. Wilson
"STORMALONG"—Alan Villier "CRUISE OF THE CONRAD"—Alan Villier
You Heard Him Speak Now Read His Books
INDIANA
vs. WISCONSIN
SOUTHWORTH’S West Lafayette