I
Don't Forget , To Vote For Your Prom King, Queen
FownM^I* 18t9
^C/p^He4iZ
Volume 5# No. 9
Wednesday, July 9, 1941
NYA Head Addresses Educators Angelo Patri, Aubrey Williams, Hockema Talk On Opening Program “A fundamentally new situation has been developed here for our young people,” said Aubrey Williams, national directo rof the National Youth Administration, in an address last night before the 450 educational leaders from all parts of the middle west attending the fourth annual Educational Leaders’ and Teachers’ Clinic now in session in the Union. Williams continued, “we have taken work out of the lives of young people.” He said that they “are supposed to * know hotv to work when they become of age” but that our way of life isolates them from the necessary experience. Other Addresses The clinic will continue today and tomorrow with a discussion of “Some Fundamentals of Home Defense,” by-Henry Otto, director of the Kellogg Foundation at Battle Creek, Michigan, at 9 this morning. Howard McCluskey, associate director of the .American Youth Commission bf the American Council on Education, will speak this afternoon; and Bishop F. J. McConnell, resident bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church in New York City, will talk this evening. “Problems of Preparedness" is the theme for the clinic which opened yesterday morning with an address of welcome by Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president, in which he made a plea for careful study of the factors involved in training most effectively and efficiently the youth of tomorrow “in the changed world.” Educators from all parts of the state and middle west were in attendance for the opening of tke three-day session. NYA Administrator Presides Robert S. Richey, of Indianapolis, State NYA Administrator, presided over last night session, and the discussion of Williams’ address was led by Z. R. LeMaster, superintendent of schools at LaGrange, and George C. Carroll, superintendent of schools, Terre Haute. “Educational institutions are confronted with immediate changes, changes which in all probability will have an enduring effect,” said Prof. Hockema in his keynote address of welcome. “Must Dig Out Of Disorder55 “During the past quarter century, especially during the last few years, we have awakened to the overwhelming fact that obr democracy is being assailed by new physical forces and infested by subtle influences which threaten its very life,” continued Hockema. “Many of our educators agree that we will have to dig out of this disorder by a return to the fundamentals of education and living, with emphasis on the home, school, church, society, and workshop, and a clarification of basic philosophies — economic, political, professional, social, and personal.” Prof. Hockema expressed the opinion that one of the gp^eatest weaknesses in youth education today is due to the fact that the educational program is too academic, and advised that more attention be given to “getting youth ready for work.” > “The Child Couhts” “The child is the one thdt counts; everything else should be subordinate4,” was the advice offered by Angelo Patri, noted New York City (Continued on p^tge 3)
Sfx Co-edS' Eds Nominated For Prom-Royalty
The Summer Session Prom Committee last night named six co-eds ••and six men as the leading candidates for the Prom Queen and King. The following were nominated: Marianna Duke, Rosemary Feil, Janet Glatz, Virginia Graves, Francis Potter, Janice Yoeman, and Fred Jones, John McAllister, John Petty, Frosty Sprowl, Jim Wolfe, and Dwight Zeller. Ballotting will be done on stubs of the tickets and will be completed by next Monday evening. The elected King and Queen will be announced and pictured in Tuesday’s Exponent. Tickets for the 1941 Summer Session Prom July 26 will be placed on sale at a table outside the Sweetshop in the Union today through Friday, it was decided yesterday by members of the Prom committee. Prom-goers may vote foJr Prom King and Queen at the time of purchase of tickets by writing in the names of their choices on the ticket stub. On Sale From 11 Until 2 Tickets will be sold from 11 a. m. until 2 in the afternoon. They will be available at both Union desks as well as at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. % Monday a ticket table will be place din the Cary Hall post office for the convenience of residents. Committee members emphasized yesterday that candidates are not restricted to the persons nominated by the committee, but that any person coming to the dance is eligible. Union Manager] L. M. Vallely said yester'day that Larry Clinton’s prom orchestra would play from 10 until 2:45. Three o’clock hours have been set by AWS. Aubrey Williams Will Confer With H.S. Principals Today Such subjects as student guidance in the various vocations, curriculum changes, and relationships with the National Youth Administration are among the principal topics coming before the second annual workshop for 30 high school principals who enrolled on the campus Monday for a two week period concluding July 19. Auh^ey Williams, national director of the NYA, here for the Educational Leaders’ Clinic, will spend this morning with high school principals explaining the work of the NYA. Workshop The worktop is under the direction of the division of education and applied psychology with the actual supervision being done by Paul Rehmus, of the Lakewood, 0., schools, who becomes superintettr dent of schools there this autumn. H. L. Shibler, principal from Euclid, O., is in charge of the guidance work. Drs. B. C. Lawson and B. L. Dodds, of the University staff, are assisting in the general program. Friday the high school principals will hear Dr. Paul Pierce, of Wells High School, Chicago, discuss the problems of curriculum reorganization. Friday noon Di*. Paul Jacobson will speak on “Work Experience in Education,” and on Monday Dr. T. R. McConnel, of the University of Minnesota, will discuss the psychological basis of curriculum construction. Education Masters Written examination for the Master of Science in Education without thesis will be bold in room 9, Education Bui](9i^g, a1^ i p. m.' Wednesday, July 16. These examinations will cover the student’s major and will not include the minors. H. H. Remmers, In Charge <|f Graduate Study.
Sigmund Spaeth Headlines Summer Session Banquet Program Tomorrow
tT' Our John Wheeler Takes The Count In Camp Shelby Fued Camp Shelby, Miss., July 8, (Special to the Exponent)—The shades of Indiana’s oldest fued couldn’t keep the temperature below 96 degrees today at Camp Shelby, when Colonel Kenneth P. Williams, dean of mathematics at Indiana University, and Colonel John W. Wheeler, trustee of Purdue’s engineering school, pitched their softball teams, composed of their officers, to vibr tory and defeat, respectively. ‘ Colonel Williams’ “Quelling Quartermasters” defeated our Colonel Wheeler’s “Energetic Engineers” by a score of 11 to 6 in a fast and furious five inning game. As the game started the Quarterralhsters took the field with Colonel Williams on the mound and Lt. Reynolds receiving. The first officer up for the Engineers looked over a couple of fast ones,^took his time, picked out one that grooved the plate. This hit was good for four bases, one score for the Engineers and a terrific shock to the Quartermasters. Col- * onel’Williams then proceeded to set the next three batters down in a row. The Quartermasters took their first turn at the bat and with the aid of two walks, two scratch hits, two errors and two bad decidsions by the umpire tied the score before being retired. "Two Lost Balls In the second inning the Quartermasters, having discoTjered a weak spot in left field, made a substitution to strengthen this position. This was to the Relight of the Engineers, because they started hitting to left field to the tune of four runs, and exhausted field, and two lost balls in the woods, before Colonel Williams could again set the Engineers down one, two, three. As the Quartermasters came to hat in the last of the second, their cheering section revolted and amid lusty boos, hoots, and jeers the dean of mathematics at Indiana University discovered a formula including advanced algebra, the fourth dimension,_trick photography, and a bum umpire, whereby his team gathered eight runs, blasted the Engineers’ pitcher from the mound and put the game on ice. Winning pitcher. Colonel Williams, of the Quartermasters. Losing pitcher. Colonel Wheel- ^ er of the Engineers. Box Score H R E ' Engineers 140 10—0 6 ? Quartermasters . 182 Ox—0 11 ? Home Et Group Gives Air Condition Unit To Hospital An air conditioning unit for the nursery of the Riley Memorial Hospital at Indianapolis, valued at approximately $600, has been ppsented to the hospital by the Indiana Home Economics Association, an organization of more than 26,000 women in every county of the ^tate. Announcement of the gift was made yesterday by Frieda Stolh, secretary of the association, and a member of the home economics extensioir staff of the University. The ♦ home economics clubs are organized for home improvement projects hjs conclucted by the extension staff of the University and they tdke part in many civic projects as wejl as carrying on their own educational program. Alice Lohrer . . . instructor in library science, has returned from Boston where she attended the annual meeting of the American Library Association.
Druggists Continue Sessions Of Annual Pharmacy Conclave H. L. Kendall Addresses Groups This Morning Opening talk on this morning’s program of the second annual Drug Clerks’ Conference now in session here will be a discussion of “The Sale, Dispensing and Labeling of Dangerous Drugs,” by H. L. Kendall, of the pharmacy staff. E. N. Beesley ,from Eli Lilly and Company, will speak at 9:15 a. m. on “Diabetes and the Anemias.” Other talks scheduled for this morning in the Union are “Merchandising and'" Its Value to the Drug Store,” by Ralph J. Potter, from International Cellucotton Products Company, and “Prescription Department Promotion,” by A. J. W. LeBien, from Eli Lilly and Company. Afternoon Program This afternoon’s program in the Pharmacy Building includes a talk by Beesley on “The Vitamins” and one by E. J. Robb, of the Eastman Kodak Company, on “Merchandising of Photography.” A picnic will follow these talks at 3 p. m. The conference began Monday and will last till Friday. Talks on synthetic rubber and plastics, radio program production, baby needs, and the vitamin B complex have been featured in the sessions thus far. Conference Ends Friday Tomorrow and Friday will conclude the conference with discussions of “Insecticides and Their Uses,” by Prof. J. J. DaVis, head of entomology at the Agricultural Experiment Station, and “Sanitary Precautions for Dispense!^ of Ice Cream,” by Prof. B. E. H^rall, of dairy husbandry^ included. USNR Will Interview Students For Training Lt. Cd. S. A. Bishop, naval liaison officer for selective service, will interview students who wish to enroll in a four month naval training course tomorrow at 2:30 p. m. at Selective Service Board No. 2 in the Lafayette Courthouse. The course, termed the V-7 Officer Training Course, is conducted by the Naval Reserve, and all graduates will receive reserve ensign’s commissions. Candidates for the training course must be college graduates, unmarried, age 20 to 27, and must meet the physical requirements for an ensign’s commission in the navy. Lt.-Cd. Bishop will speak ov^r the University radio station WBAA at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon. Knight's Wife Recovering From^Enlergen(y Operation Mrs. F. B. Knight, wife of the director of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology, is recovering from an emergency operation for appendicitis which she underwent the afternoon of ^uTy 4 in a hospital at Westfield, Mass. She was stricken while vacationing with Dr. Knight and their family near Westfield. Pr. Knight, who returned home Monday, left by air Tuesday afternoon for the University of Maryland to speak at the educational leaders’ clinic which is being held there this week.
Student Tickets 75c;90cToAII Other Diners Sigmund Spaeth, tune detective, music critic, and humorist, will headline the evening’s program at the fourth annual summer session banquet tomorrow night Jn the Memorial Union ballrooms. Dinner will be served at 0:30 p. m. Tickets, now on sale at both Union desks, the Education Building and at the summer session office in the Executive Building, are 75 cents for students and 90 cents for all 'others. Knight Is Toastmaster Toastmastered by Summer Session Director F. B. Knight, the ban-
Sigmund Spaeth quet program will also include a talk by President Elliott and a choral presentation by the Summer Session Chorus. The chorus, directed by Albert P. Stewart and accompanied by Joan Lloyd, will give three numbers, including two Negro spirituals. Following are the numbers which the chorus will sing: “Prayer Is a Key to Heaven” Arranged by Walt Anderson “Was Ah ’Fraid?”. By Williams ‘<God Shall Guide Us” From “Call to Freedom” by Herbert Specially Planned Program Illustrating his points at the piano and with song, Spaeth will build a popular program, planned especially for his appearance here, aroun dsuch topics as “The Art of Enjoying Music,” “Jazzmania,” and his personal experiences as a “tune detective.” • ^ Spaeth has been called as an expert witness in many court actions to give the history of this or that tune which has fig;ured in litigation over copyrights or other legal matters. Author The author of many books of popular appeal on all phases df music, Spaeth has also appeared frequently on radio programs over the country, written numerous newspaper and magazine articles, and has produced several movie shorts. Dr. J. Ray Leery t.. assistant professor sociology, ’^has recently published a booklet entitled “How to |[now Your Counnunity.” The contents of this book set forth the importance of knowledge of all phases of one’s community. The book may be obtained at any of the bookstores in Wes^ Lafayette.
Music Leaden Here For Annual School In Choral Diredion 22 Enrolled In Classes Directed By Al Stewart How to put the “oomph” into choral music is one of the principal features being taken up at the third, annual music leadership school being held at the University this week. Albert P. Stewart, director of musical organizations, whose specialty is choral and choir work, is in personal charge of the classes in conducting, and on Monday afternoon at the opening session, women in the Tippecanoe County Home * Economics chorus, the pioneer in this field of music, were directed by Stewart and then by various members of the class of 22 enrolled for tW school which continues through next Sunday, Variety Programs Yesterday Mr. Stewart discussed songs to use to lend variety to choral programs, and with Miss Joanne Lloyd, of West Lafayette, as accompanist for the numbers, the entire group joined in singing. Sptecial classes in voice am being ^conducted by Miss Dorothy Locke, former DePauw music instructor now of the Elkhart Conservatory of Music, and Miss Vassie Darnell, formerly of the Chicago Civic Opera Company. Joseph M. Ragains, assistant director of music organizations, is in charge of the public school music iristruction, and he, with Miss Locke, is giving the (Continued on page 3) Rulh McCarn Lectures In Concluding Week For House Directors Opening a series of four lectures scheduled during the closing week, Mrs. Ruth McCam, counselor to women, Northwestern University, outlined the basic principles of counselmg before the House Directors’ Trai^g School yesterday. lu addition to an address each morning for the remainder of the school, Mrs. McCarn will conduct a daily question hour as well as being available for personal conferences. Dean Dorothy Stratton providedthe afternoon featum with an address on “Understanding Ourselves,” while tomorrow afternoon President E. C. El^/ott^will be the featured speaker. Drawing To Close With the pioneering school drawing toward a close, the attendants are devoting considerable time to the preparation of special skits that will be presented by the representatives of each hall at the annual “Stunt Night” this evening at R o’clock in the study hall of North Hall. Monday night’s entertainment was provided by Rachel Schenk, of the library ^staff, with two interpretative readings, “My Childeeii Are Dears” and “Revolt of Mother.’* Special Guests Special guests at the sj^hool during the day included MrslsJ^abeth Schofield, of IndianapoHvinational president of Khppa Rappa Gamma* and Mrs. Harriet Elliott, also ^ Indianapolis, vice-province presi* dent of Kappa Kappa Gamma. , During the final week, a speciat exhibit of photograph^ by Raul Strand, which were shown at the Metropolitan, are on display in the North HalL
. VT“
'"Tr
, I u* s;i * -j ^,t 5
2—£dii^
W&dnesday« July 9« 1941
fijUAdM, £xfiOfU^
The Fifth Column We’ve finally got to the point we can talk about in nowk although it was just a week ago today we registered. Along with some thousands of Uncle Sam’s other nephews. No fuss, no bother, no waiting. Just dip yom’ pen . . . v .^d sign right here. J + ,1= * J was all very simple. We were welcomed at the door ushered to a seat by a man who looked as if the thing he had on his miwd was guessing . . . ' The size uniform we would take.,
* *
Which reminds us that the military has now done away with the old system of two uniform sizes. The newf streamlined army finds it much easier and quicker to deal in only^one size . . . The wrong one. A young lady at a typewriter asked us a number of lather ummpoitant questions, neglecting to give us a chance to mention such significant details as . . . Flatfeet. :{« -}s :!: *
Etc.
* * *ie She then gave us a little white card to carry at all times, smiled sweetly and said . . . We’ll be seeing you. * * Ms All we could manage was a weak smirk as we backed out the door ... „ ^ i And galloped madly off in all directions.—dkh
The Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and bi-weekly during Summer Session. Subscriptions mailed for 60 cents. PUBLICATION STAFF Editor: J. L. Ti^AUGOTT Bus.^gr.: D. S. POWERS Editorial 4005 — PHONES — Business 8471
Jjcdk
It's A Good Start i The mighty battle of communiques continues unabated on the Russian Front and the startling claims of successes made by both sides indicate at least that the shooting is not nearly over, and that Russia may yet hold a few surprises. At any rate her present chances look infinitely better than after the first 2^ hours of the Nazi attack. Since we are already committed to a program of aid-to-Britain, which the electorate substantiated in the nominating conventions of the summer of 1940 and subsequently through numerous polls of public opinion, the developments of the Eastern Front give us a chance to implement this policy that should be siezed immediately. The action of President Roosevelt in sending troops to Iceland is merely a logical, intelligent bit of opportunism which should be only a start. We have no sympathy with persons who “favor” Britain, and wish this country to spend billions on armaments and still refuse to take any risks in the fulfillment of the popularly chosen policy of aiding the l^ritish. Thus far we have heard no isolationist plead that the nation should not rearm. Well there is just one nation that w& are arming because of, and whether she i/a potential or present enemy is an academic question too shallow to worry about. One thing is certain: if Great Britain does not win the United States faces years, perhaps decades, of gigantic military preparation which will mean a progressively lower standard of living, ripening us for any anti-democratic ideology that may capture the popular imagina-
tion.
We would far rather take our chances now of crushing Hitlerism, and all the decadent political and social immorality it suggests, than live for God knows how many years in constant fear of attack and internal disintegration. If we believe in the war policy of the Administration, it should be obvious to any fool that the occupation of Iceland must be extended td * Dakar, and/the Azores. We should be pre|)ared then for shooting in the Atlantig. We still do not wish to see the United States enter the war formally because we have nightmares of an unprepared American army being slaughtered in North Africa or on the coast of Brittany. Our navy, however, is prepared and should do eVery-
Faithful Followers
Only eight weeks ago the Aijierican Youth Congress, in its official call for a convention at Philadelphia, asserted that “the American people, despite their will for peace, have been led to the brink of the shooting stage of war.” The convention has now been held and has adopted unanimously a resolution pledging “co-operation with the people of Britain and the Soviet Union” in their war with Germany and promising “to do our share to end the threat of Hitler and Hitlerism in every form.” What happened in eight weeks to cause this startling change from extreme isolationism to interventiojpism on the part of the Youth Congress? The same thing, of course, that caused the American Peace Mobilization suddenly to stop its practice of condemning aid to Britain and start urging aid to Soviet Russia. The same thing that caused the National Maritime Union (C. I. 0.) to reverse its foreign policy and issue a call for public support of the “present struggle of Great Britain and the Soviet Union against the forces of Fascism.” Few citizens, probably, will be greatly impressed by the pronouncements of these organizations. But no one should- be impressed when the American Youth Congress, the American Peace Mobilization and the National Maritime Union deny in the future—^as they have often denied in the past—that they are dominated by Communists and follow the party line. Indianapolis Times.
Grad Takes Post At Will Rogers Field Oklahoma City, July 8 (Special to the Exponent)—Among new officers arriving for duty at Will Rogers Air Base.^new United States Light Bombardment center here, is Cyrus B. Stafford, Jr., 2nd Lieutenant, Air Corps, of Oak Park, III, and a former student at Purdue University. Lt. Stafford received his commission in the Air Corps at Kelly Field, San Antonio, Texas, in 1940, and re-
ported for duty at the Oklahoma City Air Base May 28. He is the sop of Mr. and Mrs. Cyrus B. Stafford of Oak Park, 111. More than 60 officers and 1,000 men are now on duty at the Oklahoma City Air Base, officially designated as Will Rogers Field in honor of the Oklahoma cowboy-humorist. A total strength of about 3,600 men is contemplated at the base.
Dr. Zeeb Gilman, oldest living graduate of Dartmouth college, celebrated his 100th birthday May 18.
Ads
West Texas State Teachers College once had a relay team compdsed of two sets df twins, Wpyne and Blaine Rideout and Elmer'^nd Delmer Brown.
Wanted: Male student for about 2 hours work daily. Care of small animal colony. Dr. F. N. Andrews. Vet. Bldg.
Lost: One Alpha Zeta Key. Reward. Ernest Kirsd, 180 Russell, Phone 7202.
thing necessary to relieve the rapidly diminishing British fleet in the Atlantic. And if some of our ships are sunk by ^^pnan submarines we need not become indignant dnd declare war. To the Germans we are already a hostile nation and belligerant action by their underseas fleet is neither criminal nor illogical. » We must be willing to accept as a matter of course all consequences of our chosen policy. If we are not willing to do this, then the only logical, intelligent policy is for us to aid Germany and do everything in our power to get the war over and quit making enemies and calling names that we have no stomach to back
up. J.L.T.
Price Controls Ineffective “Despite persistent efforts to stem the tide through various price control measures, it is expected that substantial but irregular price rises are in prospect for most farm commodities sold by Indiana farmers.” That IS the way University agricultural economists have analyzed the economic lot of Hoosier farmers for the immediate future. Background information on the general economic situation as it affects Indiana agriculture and other pertinent facts are contained in a mid-year leaflet entitled “Economic Information for Indiana Farmers,” which came from the printers this week and is being distributed to all interested persons through county ^ricultural agent offices and the University’s Agricultural Extension Service. This is the way the economists of the farm management department summarize the present and immediate future situations: “Higher prices are in prospect for most products of Indiana farms. While each product will follow its own course, dependent upon the size of the crop and the demand, it seems inevitable that the trend in prices will be sharply upward. This forecast is made with the expectation that the inflationary effects of the defense program are inescapable.” It was the feeling of the economists that while price controls may appear to be temporarily effective, they will serve mostly to discourage speculation and partially to slacken the rise. “The scope of the defense effort is such that its full effects have not yet been felt,” states the leaflet. “The defense effort has now reached such magnitude that it is'expected it may serve as a business stimulant for a considerable period of time. With rising prices and increasing scarcity of commodities each successive month, it is expected that the present fear held by many perspns of a serious reaction in the near future will pass and that a more or less general boom psychology will develop. Certainly the continuous operation of our economy with rising prices, full employment, increasing wages, and even moderate profits must result before long in a relaxation from the depression psychology which has existed generally for more than ten years.”
Library Students Attend Conference Students in University classes in library^ science recency attended the annual Library Conference at Indiana University, Making”"the trip by chartered bus, the students were accompanied by Madeline Canova and Rachel K. Schenk, library instructors. The program featured outstanding specialists in the fields of reading and audio-visual aids. Dr. Lou La Brant, professor of English at Ohio State University, discussed the relations of the school librarian to the teaching staff. The following members of the classes attended the conference: Eugene Hadley Alexander, Cathleen Virginia Baxter, Dorothy ^ertsch, '"Ella Brannon, Margaret Chenoweth, Mary Margaret Corbitt, Lee Sheridan Cox, Mrs. Mildred Dammon, Mrs, Dorcas Petty Dice, Marjorie Lucille Dittus, Bernice Douglas, Doris Fairchild, Bernice Friday, Dorothea W. Friedrick, Margie Ging. Malian F. Johnson, Eflfie S. Johnston, Dorothy M. Moelhman, Mrs. Margaret Mullins, Minnie Jo Pasenhofer, Beatrice E. Robertson, Margaret Sexton, Dora Hale Stong, Norman Tanksley, Mrs. Kathryn Thompson, Margaret Vincnt, Rowena J. Walker, Betty Lea Zinsmeis-
tr.
Magazine Pictures Golf Clinic Here Purdue’s pioneering golf clinic, which attracted close to 200 golf professionals and coaches to Lafayette last spring, has received national recognition through the publication of a featured pictorial article in Friends, monthly pictorial magazine issued by the Motor City Publishing Co., Detroit, Mich. The two-page pictorial spread in the magazine, which has a national circulation af approximately 1,000,000, includes photographs of practically all phases of the clinic, including group instruction in the Fieldhouse, the outdoor demonstration, and personalized instruction. University co-eds pictured receiving instruction from such top-no?tch playing professionals as Tommy Armour, Dick Metz, and Johnny Revolta include Jane and Ann Ostrander, Martha Lommel, and Peg
Davis.
C. H. Judd ToConfer
With Graduates
L
Notre Dame University football teams won 106 games, lost 12 and tied 6 while Enute Rockne was their coach.
-TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE
The Ail Out Joy Show
"RKO RADIO n«tu^ HORTOM • A INESCil wuniy* ' — PLUS — IT'S TERROR-IFiC! The Oaie of the BLACK PARROT with WILLIAM LUNDIGAN INFORMATIOF( PLEASE
Grin And Bear-It
by Lichty
Dr. Charles H. Judd, formerly dean of education at the University of Chicago and now connected with the NYA program, will be on the campus Friday for a conference with graduate students in educa-
tion.
The conference, which will be in the form of a seminar, will be held in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union at 11 o'clock Friday morning. Dr. Judd is a nationally prominent educator and was recently connected with various phases of educational work in Washington,
D. C.
I 1
‘Our leader has decided to strengthen the war cabinet— he’s giving himself an extra vote!”
WBAA
12:15
Sports Interview
12:30
Meet the Band
12:46
WBAA Presents
12:50
Pui’due News
1:00
Farm Facts
1:15
Foods-Facts
1:30
Music
1:45
Markets
1:45
Monitor Views the News
3:16
A Chapter a Day
2:30
June Eller
2:45
Hymn Echoes
3:00
Science Review
3:16
Concert Master
3:30
Concert Master
3:46
The Bookman
4:00
Lest We Forget
4:15
News of the Week
4:30
Melody Maids
7:00
Concert Strings
7:30
Three M’s
7:45
Music of the Day
THURSDAY
12:00
Social Security
12:16
Meet the^Band
12:30
Meet the Band
12:45
WBAA Presents
12:60
Purdue News
1:00
Employment Service
1:15
Recorded Band Music
1:30
Music
1:46
Markets
2:00 Monitor Views the News 2:16 Treasure Chest ^ 2:30 Treasure Chest 2:46 Parent Forum 3:00 Symphony Hall 4:00 Music 4:16 Music 4:30 Eventide Echoes 4:45 Virginia Ulrey 7:00 Concert Strings 7:30 Music of the Day Form Student Club For Bicyde Enthusiast Here A club for summer session bicycle enthusiasts will be formed, it was announced yesterday. The club will take short rides on Saturdays or Sundays to nearby points of interest. Persons interested in becoming members of the group may contact Rosalyn Wilk at 76962.
University of New Mexico states a yearly festival of arts and crafts.
^ HEALTHFULLY COOL \ammut Tomorrow-Friday-Sat'urciay
with fames STEPHENSOlS GeialdineFITZGERAm Donald CRISI Barbara O'HEIl -LAST TIMES TODAY—
CMROLL Fred MacMUSRAT
HEALTHFULLY COOL Tomorrow-Friday-Saturday —2 First Run Features—
with John Howard • Brod Crawford •Binnio Bornes
PLUS
JOHNNY MACK BROWN — IN — 'LAW OF THE RANGE'
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
Pummonnt pMMenta
hiim
PLUS
^Joel NcCRE DREW
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
iWEst ^lOINT " ttanliid ANNE SHIRLEY , RICHARD CARLSON with WOHARD DELNWNO
—LAST TIMES TODAY-i J t V.
> s
t
^ St ■'’ n''’
^ VV^>*l44 isii* '> ;■ y, *H i )% f r
I
Jrf./ ^lillv.
vs? / «.-L ^
,, , ^ -^v
(S ^ >j irfp4,^ ^ t. " * \ ^
. Iras® ' ^ "■
fijuJuUuiL £xftaiwtL
Wednesday, fuly 9, 1941
Oano. J
ilim\ /‘ffi
^''^4, S'
-* 'H.Mk',''
White Brothers Give Xhina^Gay' Program
As part of their “China Day” program showing some of the high-
lights of Chinese civilisation, thff White Brothers," Herbert C. and J. Henry, and Mrs. J. Henry White last night presented a traveloguelecture “With the Camera in an Enchanted Empire” in the Music Eoom of the Union. fhe travelogue' was illustrated
with photographs from the White Brothers’ collection.
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER
BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE Both Air Conditioined
For Economy
The Lahr Hotel
“China Day” ^ In connection with the travelogue and as another part of the “China Day,” 64 camera-paintings of China’s beauty spots were exhibited all day yesterday in the Music Room. These enlarged photographs are from the collection of the White Brothers who Were residents in China for eight years. The paintings were done in oils by Chinese artists using a special process developed by the Whites. The artists had to use delicate Chinese hair brushes, and many of the views required from 100 to 160 hours of effort. They were mounted in hand-carved teak-wood frames. Natural Wonders* Featured Featured in-the travelogue and the exhibit were scenes of many of the natural wonders arid landscape beauties of China. The Great Wall, several temples, dragons, picturesque bridges, and the famous Moon Door are also pictured.
Dead-Eyed Accountants Take On Physical Plant Ten
Grin And Bear It
byUcMy'
A band of dim-eyed accountants will engage the bar’ armed physical plant stevedores today in a softball game on fntramural Field, and a* prediction of the score, accurate to five places, was made to the Exponent by chief accountant Bill Bodden yesterday. The prediction was unprintable.
Eddie Munger will lead tlie pow-
erhouse ten. Doc -Miller will harib
nothing to do -with the game, it was learned yesterday from an unimpeachable authority who indicated that this ^as undoubtedly a unique
situation Mn
Does this
give you an Idea?
Whether it is your fraternity house, sorority house, co-op house, or boarding house you will all agree that it is a^ood idea to get your summer repair work, cleanup and painting done quickly. Be sure to huy your glass and paint supplies at Huneck’s.
HUNECK'S
GLASS AND PAINT CO. 826 Main St. Phone 3841
Marian Willoughby
... of the clothing and textiles department, is spending the summer in California and is attending the Hag More School of Dress in San Francisco.
campus events.
Munger stated that even in case of injury or worse to .any of the players, Doc Miller definitely would not be consulted. Instead, Munger stated, C. R. Donham, head of the veterinary department, has been engaged as team doctor. The physical plant could not state its exact line-up, but the accountants said that their stars today would include Bodden and his -ten year old son on first base. Fatty Arbuckle somewhere around, and Meid, DeBruler, Liskey, Fletemeyer, and Holers will fill out some of
the holes.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
a Dine
• School Supplies
Chinese and American Restaurant NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia St. Lafayette, Indiana
DEAC'S Everything for a ^ College Education
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M. C. "Rad" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
“Where’s my copy of ‘Home and Garden’—?”
Music Leaders
NY A Head
(Continued from page 1)
(Continued from page 1)
course in music essentials. Rehearsals For Cantata Evenings for the enrollees in the music leadership course are being given over to, rehearsals for a cantata to be presented at 4 o’clock on Sunday afternoon on the lawn in front of the women’s residence halls. This event is free and_open to the public. Tomorrow night the music festival students will attend the annual' summer session banquet in the Union Building and some of them will be members of the summer session chorus which will sing. On Friday night the chorus will be guests at a picnic supper at Battle Ground with the members of the Tippecanoe County Home Economics chorus as hostesses.
In the Good Old Summer Time
you can be comfortable kad look prim if you depend on CROWN to look after your summer clothes. Special equipment for pressing and finishing summer suits.
PIME CLEANERS OF FINE - Top of the Hill, On the Corner
CLOTH E
educator and writer, in an address yesterday afternoon before the educational leaders. “Don’t be a slave to any plan. Where the school program is so sacred that it can not bend for the boy who has a gift—^it must be^brok- - en,” Patri said. Urges Adjustment Of Curriculum 6 Adjustment of the school "curriculum to suit the student was strongly advocated by the noted educator, “The teacher should interpret the longings of the student and harness them for creative work,” he said.' “When the teacher begins to watch the growth of the child as a gardener watches Over plants, then other things become relatively unimportant,” emphasized Patri. Spirited Discussion Spirited discussion of Patri’s presentation was led by Charles D. Lutz, supefintendent-elect of the Gary schools, and J. C. Wagner, Hartford City superintendent oT schools. The “Educational Implications for Our Democracy Today,” were presented by Jesse Adams, of the University of Kentucky, in a feature address of the morning. Discussion of Adams’ address was led by H. E. Sanford, superintendent of schools, Covington, and C. T..Amick, superintendent of schools, Delphi. The remainder of the morning was devoted to inspection of the comprehensive display of educational and scientific material, including visual aids, text books, and laboratory equipment, which is on exhibit in the south ballroom of the Memorial Union Building.
s
Now! Exfiilarating News! CHAMPREL'S BUBBLE BATH
New bath-tub package with measuring spoon
59
Revel, In the luxury of a Champrel bubble bath! A blanket of 6 to 12 inches of bubbles that last 20 to 30 minutes. Besides softening and perfuming the water, this bath leaves your skin feeling oh-so-soft and smooth. This new package will beautify your bathroom, is grand for gifts. This 59c size holds 15 baths, $1 size holds 30 baths.
A French Club Field dayin which all activities were in French whs held at Southern Illinois Normal university. \
Before You Make That Trip To See Your Best Girl
Have your car tuned up by Anderson’s expert mechanics. You will be surpris^ at the improvement in performance.
Peter Anderson Garage
AFTER YOU —WE COME FIRST
525 Alabama St.
PboAe 4048
'f
fiil f J-
Ni t-V,. . ,
Eft. ^
Wddnesdo:^, IvUy 9. 1941
BOWLING IN THE COOL SUBBASEMENT OF THE
For veterans of this most popular game, bowl in the summer time when there is no waiting for alleys. For beginners, dsk for free instruction and learn to control your boll for the fall season.
IN THE GAME ROOM DOWNSTAIRS
Stop in at the Card Room and meet new people and old friends.
r^.
A GAME OF BILLIARDS
Relax from summer work and heat by playing this ^ game of skill and nerve. EXPERT INSTRUCTION
I ,
The Corner of the Campus-
■\
'm