/
■T.” 1
i * s-^m’^mj\
1"
'ponent H £)wfy Smcm i^OC
Volume 52« No. 89
Wrat Lafayette. Indiana
Wednesday. Jamtoiry 8. 1911
CAA^ Aero Course In The Day^s News
Seventy Positions Available For CAA
Flying Cadet Board Will Show Picture
First Group Enrolls In Hew Government
Flight Instruction 0" Training Friday Aeronautics Course
Five Months' Training Course To Begin Feb. 1 A quota of seventy has been established by the Civil Aeronautics Authority to take the University flight course, according to a statement by G. Stanley Meikle, director of the IFniversity Research Foundation and airport executive, last night, “Fifty students will enroll in the primary course and the remainder will take advanced training, beginning February 1.” Requirements provide that anyone enrolling must be a citizen of the United States, must be between 19 and 26 years of age, never been disqualified by the Civil Pilot Training Program officers, and have written consent of parents if under 21 years of age. Undergraduates must have completed one year of accredited collegiate work, but if no longer enrolled in college must have completed satisfactorily two full years of college work. Applicants must also pass student pilot physical requirements. In the primary course there will again be 72 hours of instruction in ground school work by Prof. K. D. Wood and 18 hours under Capt. L. I. Aretz and from 36 to 46 hours of flight. The registration fee will be $10, an accident policy costing $9, and a medical examination fee of six dollars. In the advanced flight training course, there will be 108 hours of instruction by Prof. Wood and 18 hours by Capt. Aretz with 40 to 60 hours in the air. The registration fee is $10; accident policy cost $12, and medical examination fee of $12. Applicants for advanced training must have two years of college work and have completed the primary course or its equivalent. Applications may be obtained at Director Meikle’s office on the top floor of the executive building. d.j.d. University Publishes Talks For Foremen Suggestions for foremen, in the form of a compilation of selected talks which were presented at the the first annual Foremen’s Institute of Indiana held at the Univer-sH-y last May, have recently been published by the University. The bulletin includes a talk by Prof. Lillian Gilbreth, of the University management department, as well as talks by officers of large manufacturing companies and national committees. The Foremen’s Institute was organized this year at the suggestion of those responsible for foremen training at the University. It was planned for the purpose of recognizing the importance of foremanship, to identify some of the most important problems of foremanship and to furnish suggestions for solving these problems and give impetus to local foremen improvement associations, t.b.n.
Friday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the west Faculty Lounge the U. S. Army Flying Cadet Examining Board will show a motion picture of the work of the flying cadets and will hold a discussion of engineering training. The show is open to all men who are interested in flying, military or commercial. The board is on the campus this week for the purpose of examining and interviewing applicants for the flying training given by the U. S. Army. Students are advised that, to save time, they should obtain a certified document concerning to the date of birth, a,^ transcript of college credits, three letters of recommendation and three copies of their applications. Applications may be made through the military department or directly to the board which is now stationed in the Exe-
cutive building. j.r.g.
Two Army Officers Begin New Duties At University Two army officers have recently been assigned to duty with the military department at the University. They are Captain John C. Edwards, a graduate of the class of 1933,
who has been instructing at Vir- '
ginia Polytechnical Institute in Industrial Engineering, and Lieutenant R. F. Vanderford, a University graduate of 1936, who was formerly engaged as manufacturing agent for the G. A. Fischer Electrical
Company.
University Plans Series Of Three Month Courses Fifty graduates of engineering colleges enrolled yesterday for the special course to train aeronautical engineers for the defense program. The course will be completed by April 7 when the men will be assigned to the engineering branch of the air corps. At that time another groups of fifty men will begin train-
ing.
The course is being given by University staff members, but the men are in charge of Lieut. Herman J. Ruoff of the United States Army Air Service. The men are assigned
to rooms in Cary Hall.
Subjects in the aeronautical engineering field will be those covered by the course. Prof. K. D. Wood, head of the department of aeronautical engineering, will instruct the men in aerodynamics, propellers, and performance; Prof. F. H. Bruhn will teach stress analysis, materials, and design; and Prof. Joseph Liston will give engine instruction. Col W. A. Sevan, formerly on the University staff, has returned to teach the courses in in-
struments. r e h.
... a new illustrated magazine, published by the Methodist Student Movement, will appear on the news stand February 1. Robert Bedwell is editorial representative and Ed Brown is subscription agent at the
University.
Pest Control Workers Study Devices Used In Insect Extermination Inspection of the newest and most effective devices for pest control took up most of Tuesday for the hundred-odd insect-control operators meeting on the campus this week. ^ This is the fifth annual revival of the course first organized by Professor J. J. Davis of the entomology deplartment. The convention has become more popular every year, and similar schools are spreading this significant work in other parts of the country. Sixteen states are represented at this session. Today’s program includes the discussion and study of powder post bettles, termites from the house construction and soil treatment viewpoints, and methods of publicizing pest control work. Largest single event of the conference will be the banquet Thursday evening. President Elliott will be the toastmaster and will introduce the speakers. W. E. McCauley, assistant entomologist of the Illinois Natural History Survey, will list thirteen causes, most of them structural, for building deterioration. r.r.r. Art Meeting . . . University students on the subject of sculpture will be held tonight at 7:30 in room 84 of the Union. Lantern slides will display the various phases and techniques of the art, and will supplement the art discussion. Admission open to all students, p.l.b.
Benny Tops War As 1940 Newsmaker
By John Amos War or no war, to the average University student Jack Benny is still the best known Newsmaker of the year. At least that is what about 460 papers of sociology students who took the Newsmakers test that appeared in Exponent yesterday indicate. Only nine people have never heard of Benny’s fame or seen him in the movies. Runnersup in the Newsmakers were Seabiscuit, famous racehorse, Charles McNary, and “Queen of the Ice,” Sonja Henie. “One Five Eight” seemed to mean very little to the average student in spite of the draft headlines. Jesse Jones would be interested to know that one student thought he was a movie star while another named him as a colored track star. Leon Trotsky, the exiled communist, murdered this last year, was a composer according to one paper and a famous dance band leader according to another. Dunkirk is the best known place in the war zone but its location is doubtful. It may be in England, Ireland, Belgium, Holland, Albania or Germany they say. x Jimmy Dykes and C. A. Dykstra would both be surprised to know that Dykstra is manager of the White Sox as well as being head of the draft board. A correct list of answers as re-
leased by the sociology department follows: 1. Adler—U. of Chicago professor. Author of some provocative magazine articles and one of year’s best sellers, “How To Read A Book.^’ 2. Armour—One of the ablest and most experienced career diplomats. Has represented U. S. in a number of countries. Now considered for Court of St. James. 3. Evelyn Assay —18 year-old Illinois farm girl whose steer won top award and largest sum of money at International Live Stock Show in Chicago. 4. Aydelotte — Resigned p r e s idency of Swarthmore College to become Director of Advanced Study in Princeton University. 6. Bardia—Center of Anglo-Ital-ian conflict in Libya. 6. Barnett—^New Chairman of International YMCA. 7. Benny—One of radio’s most popular broadcasters. 8. Bevin—Great Britain’s Union leader. 9. Brennero—^Place where Hitler and Mussolini held historic conference. 10. Brooks—Author of New England, Indiana Summer. 11. Bullitt—Former minister to France. 12. Camacho—New president of
Mexico. 13. Chaplin—Starred in the movie “The Great Dictator.” 14. Coach of year—Clark Shaughnessy. 16. Conklii^g — New Protestant Episcopal Bishop of Chicago, succeeding George Craig Stewart. 16. Davenport—^A former editor of Fortime—one of the first to boost Willkie and chief publicity man during campaign. 17. Davis—^Agricultural member of Federal Reserve Board, Washington, D. C. 18. Deaths—^Neville Chamberlain, Leon Trotsky, Sir Oliver Lodge, Ballington Booth, Glenn Frank, F. A. Cook, Tom Mix, W. E. Dodd, Omer Bundy, Walter P. Chrysler, Geo. B. Cortelyou, David F. Houston, President Eallio of Finland, W. T. Grenfell, Smedley Butler, Katherine Mayo and others. 19. DeGaulle — Now leader of “free France.” 20. De Seversky—^Airplane designer and manufacturer. 21. De Valera—Prime Minister of Eire. 22. Dunkirk—The word suggestting “the miraculous escape of British soldiers.” 23. Dykstra—^Director of Selective Service. (Continued on page 4)
Sigma Alpha Epsilon Wesley Foundation Holds Father Holland
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: president, Tom Peppier; vicepresident, Frank Habbicht; recorder, Robert Page; warden, Tom Greenwood; herald, Gordon Lovett; chaplain. Bill Neff; athletic chairman, Richard Dilts; social chairman, Warren Guard; and pledge master, Jim Ogden.
E. L. Springor
. . . CE ’86, is now manager oi Swift and Company’s truck terminal at Michigan City, Indiana.
Skating Party This Friday A Roller Skating Party will open the 1941 Social Season of the Wesley Foundation on Friday evening, January 10. The party will begin at the Foundation House at 8:^0 p. m. with games followed by refreshments. Cars will leave for Maple Point at 10 p. m. where skating will last until 12:80. Drivers of cars will receive free tickets, and all other tickets are 25c. All students and staff members are welcome. c.l.
. . . student pastor of the Roman Catholic students on the campus, will be chief speaker at a meeting of the Purdue Religious Council at a special meeting of the council Wednesday, January 8, at 7:30 in ^ room 68 of the Union. Father Holland is the director of the Newman club, the Catholic student association of the campus. The next meeting will be held on the fifth Wednesday of the month, January 29. j.f.z.
Forester Ball Will Feature Bill Carlsen's Music Friday By Jane Ramsdell Bill Carlsen leading “The Band of a Million Thrills” will appear here for the annual Forester’s Ball which will be held Friday, January 10, in the South ballroom of the Union from 9 till 12:30.
Rural Youth Novelty Acts To Entertain At Music Hall Tuesday, January 14, Hoosierland’s best entertainment from the rural areas will perform on the stage of the Music Hall during the annual Agricultural Conference. For the first time in five years that this entertainment festival has been held, all seats will be reserved. Glenn Smith, in charge of the ticket sales, stated yesterday that more than 2,000 tickets have been sold al-
ready.
Tickets st 16 cents each are available to all students, faculty and friends of the University.
Dr. Henry Hobson Will Speak Sunday At Religious Convo Dr. Henry Wise Hobson, bishop of the Southern Ohio Diocese of the Protestant Bpiscdpal Church and noted soldier, educator, lecturer, and churchman, will deliver the sermon of the January Convocation for Worship in the Music Hall next Sunday morning at 10:30 o’clock. Bishop Hobson, of Cincinnati, has received degrees from Yale; the Episcopal Theological School, Cambridge, Massachvisetts; and Kenyon College. He received the D.S.C. for bravery under fire in action daring the first World War, when he served first as captain and adjutant, then as major till the armistice. The University Choir of 260 voices, under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, will furnish music for the convocation. Dr. Laurence Hadley is chairman of the committee in charge. m.k.b. Belly Anne Learning, Charles Deusler Win Trips To Washington Two University freshmen, Betty Anne Learning of Romney and Charles Deusler of Albion, were among the four Indiana 4-H club members chosen to attend the National 4-H Club Camp at Washington, D. C., to be held June 10 to 20, according to an announcement by Dr. Z. M. Smith, State 4-H leader. The two others chosen were Margie Martin of Seymour, and Elmer Nussbaum of Adams County. Among the alternates was Doris "Compton, who is a freshman at the
University.
Sponsored Trips The girls’ trips are sponsored by the Indiana Home Economics Association and the boys’ by the Indiana Farm Bureau. Four fifty-dollar scholarships for the Winter Short Course in Agriculture were also offered by the Chicago Pure Milk Association to 4-H club youths who had excelled in dairy work and herd recordkeeping during the past year. Beginning on January 20, the Course offers courses of study in General Agriculture, Animal Husbandry, Dairy Manufactures, and Dairy
Production.
Those receiving the awards are: Edwin Van Wart of LaPorte County; Robert Reichard of Fulton County; Harold Stockdale of Fountain County; and Elmer Nussbaum of Adams County. Greenley Appointod To Advisory Group Prof. Russell J. Greenley, of the University department of education and applied psychology, has been named to membership on the educational advisory committee whi<ffi was authorized by the State Board of Public Welfare to aid in developing educational systems for the Indiana penal institutions. This advisory committee of which Prof. H. C. McComb, of the University department of vocational education, also is a member* ^as organized after a survey of Indiana corrective institutions in 938 upon the authority of the Prison Industries Reorganization Administration.
Carlsen and his orchestra will feature Mickey Dowd, locally knows as the high-flying Irish tenor, as honest to goodness Irishman. Versatile Maestro Playing the clarinet and saxophone, Maestro Carlsen and hia outfit have earned a reputation for entertainment that is baaed on straight, sweet music, plus a number of humorous novelties. Carlsen himself is one of the few orchestra leaders in the country holding a commercial pilot’s license and rolls up hours in the air as he does on tiie air over NBC, CBS, and Mutual Networks. The natural pleasant musie of his orchestra is also popular on Okeh records. This dance is sponsored by the Forestry Club and the Xi Sigma Pi, honorary forestry fraternity. Tick^ ets may be obtained for $1.00 at the west desk of the Union or from, club members. j.r. Prof. Rising Writes On Use Of Movies In Drawing Course “How We Make and Use Engineering Drawing Films” is the title of an article in the current issue of The Educational Screen by ProfC. Justus Rising, head of the department of drawing in the General E»ngineering department. Prof. Rising, who pioneered in the iise of films in the teaching of drawing, tells in his article how the idea was originated and later how the actual photography was undertaken by members of the drawing depart-
ment.
In recent years sound pictures have been used, illustrating all operations and giving the students time to perform each of the operations at their desks before the n^t one is shown on the screen. Prof. Rising states that the use of sound films and slides has considerably increased the speed andl " quality of drawing done at the University. r.w.h. Prexy Says ... to the Students and Staff Members of the Univer^y: The steadily increasing tendmicy on the part of certain stodoita ami staff members to cut across the grass areas of the campus is observed today with conmderable regret. Such persons appear to be unmindful of the long-time sentiment attached to such pla<»s as the ovaL In the newer areas of the campus where the ’Trustees of the University are making special efforts to landscape and otherwise develop the grounds, but scanty attention is paid to the “Please** signs. This has resulted ut conmderable damage to secti<ms recently planted. To protect the Uidversity against the losses of money, tim^ and appearance due to these acts, of vandalism, the Superintendent of Plq^sical Plant has been instructed ta apprehend those who Insist upooi walking across such places as tba oval, the newly planted areas Ibdnff west and south of the Exe^tlva Building, the drcle in front of tbbi building, and all other grassy partb of the campus. Sudh persons wffi thus become Halide to penalties liar to those now imposed upon vbfe* lators of the campus parkbig rulsfk EdwardU.EMI PreaUoitI ^ li 1st ^ '
. I ^li“ ’'i.w
pMwHP '"t (
** c m
Pa^a, 2 -^dibfdatA,
Wednesday# Jtditiiary d# 1941
Puhdm, ^xfdMuauL
The ^th Colmun
We have returned. From a long vacation. With all its incumbent hazards. And so has almost everybody
dse.
Even those who had $4.39 more of Uncle Sam’s left than we did.
* * *
lyhieh is a little practical example of what Herr Hitler could do. And proving he is not just talking to heaf his voice echo in empty beer halls when he farhs purple and threatens us with economic pressure. Afterall it wasn’t pure love for academic endeavor .. . That brought 7,000 students back here Saturday
night.
ii
Getting back to hazards. We are glad to be back in comparatively safe surroundings of the University. For instance. If you’ve never considered the dangers lurking about the vacationing student. Take this sleeping ’til noon business. That’s bad. When you realize the number of people that die in bed. * * * The odds are much better here. Besides after a few days without sleep what’s the difference. * Hi * Then there is the danger of hanging mistletoe. If some blond doesn’t corner you under the stuff just as the girl friend comes into the room. It’s liable to fall on you. * * * And in the same category comes the amorous attention of cousins and aunts, entailing wild chases through a relative-filled house. Ending in a rib cracking bear hug. ♦ * ♦ Under mental cruelty we will include the ordeal of explaining to the steady girl friend. That the beautiful brunette (can’t be partial to blonds all the time, it gets us in bad) you’ve been
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office ia Lafayette. Indiana, nnder the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act Of October 8.1917, anthotized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail Subscription $8 60.
Editor-in-Chief „. Business Manager
„.JEU W. Donahna JMerla Hagemsysr
Publication Staff Mews Editor „ J. H. McKee Managing Editors - „ „ „ JO. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, M. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L, W. Bnffner, B. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers t D S. Powers, Q. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, 0. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor _ „ Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Bose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor „ „ J. P Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C Johnson, B O Swaim. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc, College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave, New York, N. Y, Staff For This Issue Night Editor: RnflTner Day Editor: Miller Ass’t Night Editor: Zinski Night Sports Ed : Adamson Staff: J F Amos, W M Clark, R Humrickhouse, P Brint, D J. Davidson, J R. Galloway, E W Nordhnger, R R Runnion, K Leuty, M K. Boynton, J Lauer, J Ramsdell
dating is just a visiting cousin. ♦ * * And that your fraternity pin is not residing upon someone else’s bosom but is at the jewelers being cleaned. • * • That about covers the field of catastrophes which trail us in the rounds of gayety except for one. There’s always New Years.—d.k.h.
It's An III Wind
... that doesn’t blow somebody some good,” is a fit expression for the current battle between ASCAP and the radio chains. In case you haven't noticed it, that beautiful tune so seldom heard on the air, “God Bless America” has vanished completely from the air lanes. Yes sir, it’s an ill wind....
in two minutes, while Fadiman offers expert criticism (C). . . . Romance of journalism is exemplified in the new show, City Desk, which dramatizes the stories that flow across the city desk of a metropolitan newspaper every day; Thursdays at 7:30 p. m. (CBS).
Pordne’s 0 Interesting 0 People Disj^Iaying the quiet forceful perBonality that forecasts good for a great number of people, Mary Odell, ffeshman special science student, wall deserves her place among Purdue Personalities. Mary has always had a great interest in the cooperative movement, inspired mainly by conditions in the farming district in which she lives. Here the people have several times attempted to set up cooperatives but doe to lack of knowledge and concentrated, continuous effort have been unable to keep them in operation. Enropeab Tour The opportunity for study of cooperatives and also a tour of Europe came to Mary when friends invited her to join their party to tour Europe. Fmal Upshot was that she alone made the trip. Included among the countries she visited were Denmark, Finland, Sweden# Germany, France, and England. During her visit in Finland, Mary was employed in a cooperative school as a teacher of English. Later, she accepted a position in a Danish school teaching conversational English. In this 4Dani8h school 26 nationalities were represented. While in Europe, she also served on President Roosevelt’s cooperative investigation committee. Co-op Study Mary naturally found opportunity to study the cooperatives which are so numerous in both Denmark and Sweden and she thought particularly commendable the attitude that these people have for this movement and for the various types ot work. With dignity and courage they pursue those tasks which Americans have not as yet learned to consider deserving of such treatmeht. It is Mary’s sincere desire to do sdmetiiiog worthwhile for a people lltat need help so badly that marks iier outstandingly interesting. If hto inierest in cooperatives and her to give worthwhile help to these organizations continue to injcrease, the cooperatives through the work of Mazy’s capable hands and IHlliiig heart Win be given a great contribotion.
Ether Edits
By Gordon S. Griffin With the coming of a new year, we see networks offering several new shows for public acclaim: A new romance series. How Did You Meet, features unusual first-meet-ings of couples who were destined later to “love, honor, and omaybe,” and may be heard Wednesdays at 7:16 p. m. (NBC). . . . Newsweek magazine assumed the sponsorship of the recently introduced Ahead of the Headline series as the first show of the year rolled around; Thursdays at 9:30 p. m. (NBC). Tomorrow night finds the singing star, Yvette, and Xavier Cugat’s aggregation replacing Bob Crosbsr’s Dixieland Music Shop for the same sponsor at 6:30 p. m. (NBC). , . . Deadline Dramas is the title of an entirely new type of audience participation show, starring Ireene Wicker, singing actress, Robertson White, screen player and writer, and William Fadiman, MGM story and book editor. Drama plots set up by the audience are given to Miss Wicker and Mr. White for development into a full-fledged drama with-
Special event (NBC) of the week should be the preview broadcast of the opening of the “Union Station of the Air,” New York City’s new $6,000,000 airline terminal, tonight at 8:00 p. m. —e-e— Tomorrow night, Henry Aldrich, problem-child of radio’s Aldrich family, enters the business world of profit and loss and emerges with very little of either at 7:30 p. m. To get money to buy his mother a birthday present, Henry runs the i gamut of trade from mayonnaise jars to beach umbrellas but loses consistently on each transaction until he becomes the owner of a pig, which presents him with a profitable litter. . . . Thomas Mitchell, recent Motion Picture Academy Award winner, stars Friday night at 8:30 p. m. in Arch Oboler’s adaptation of the forthcoming Warner Bros, flicker, “Flight From Destiny.” Mitchell will be heard as a college professor who, When told he has only six months to live, decides to play God—^with tragic results. ... On Saturday, at 1:00 p. m., NBC’s regular opera broadcast from the Metropolitan Opera House in New York will offer Verdi’s “II Trovatore” with Jussi Bjoerling, tenor, in the title role.
TOPCOAtS OF THE SEASON ROSENTHAL'S 322 Moiii St.
LUNA LAST DAY — 2 HITS!
Kirainovnt prMMli OtTotiiy Lamoor Robert Preston ton Foster
ALSO-
A LITTLE
StavUtta
•^GLORIA JEAN •ROBER^STACK •HUGH HERBERT •C. Aubr«y SMITH •STUART ERWIN •NAN OREY •Eugsn* PALLinS
HEAVEN
Thurs. - Frl. - Sat.—1 Hits!
MOST THRILLING \ OF HIS MANY
r<ilWRANGS CASeSI
ZANE GREY'S
Personnel Notes
Company: Joseph E. Seagrdm & Sons, Inc., Louisville, Kentucky, Company’s Products: Liquors. Representative: F. J. Smith. Date of Visit: Friday, January 10. Will Interview: Senioi; ChE, ME—January and June men. Types of Positions: Production and development engineering.
Company: Gatke Corporation, Chicago, 111. Company’s Products: Brake lining, non-metallic bearings and gears. Types of Positions: Sales Engineering. Training Desired: Senior ME—January graduates. Company: AC Spark Plug Divi-
COmpany: National Starch Products Inc., New York, N. Y. Company’s Products: Starch, adhesives, etc. Representative: W. V. Upton. Date of Visit: February 6 and 6. Research—Grad, and B.S. men majoring in Chemistry. Production— Chemical Engineers — training course. Sales—ChE preferred, but will also consider B.S. in Chemistry. Power Plant — Mechanical Engineers—location Indianapolis.
Company: Firestone Tire and Rubber Company, Akron, Ohio. Company’s Products: Automotive and Mechanical Rubber Products. Representative: Mr. E. W. Oldham. Date of Visit: February 17, 18, 19. Will Interview: Chemists, ChE, ME. Types of Positions: Engineering, Chemistry, Development, Production.
-TODAYTWO FIRST RUN HITS
STARTS THURSDAY TWO ^IRST RUN HITS Swindling Swindlers Behind The Bars
__ RKO w/h BADIO Plchif UNOA HAfES • lAVIIONO WAUnN M0R8AN $0NWAY#TRBMAN BRAnAT — PLUS —
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liehty
Company: General Electric Company, Schenectady, New York. Company’s Products: Electrical and Mechanical Equipments. Representative: M. L. Frederick. Date of Visit; January 9, 10, 11. Will Interview: Senior Engineers and Science. Types of Positions: Training for business positions.
Company: General Electric Company, Schenectady, New York. Company’s Products: Electrical and Mechanical Equipment. Representative: M. M. Boring. Date of Visit; January 9, 10, 11. Will Interview: Senior EE, ME. Types of Positions: Training course for engineering positions. Men not interviewed previously may be interviewed at this time. These men should fill out G. E, interview blanks, which may be secured at the Personnel Office. Men previously interviewed will be called for appointments.
“Zeke’s been doctorin’ hisself for thirty years out of this Home Medical book. Doc, but yesterday he ran across a misprint!”
Company: Public Service Electric & Gas Company, Newark, New Jersey. Company’s Products: Gas and electric service. Representative: Herbert Wottrich. Date of Visit: Monday, January 13. Will Interview; Senior EE, ME. Types of Positions: Training for all types of public utility work. Thbse interested must sign up by Friday, January 10, 4 p. m.
■The Ratio--^ 3.93 ..to 1
Welcome back, people. Hope you had a wonderful vacation and are now ready for that last bit of heavy boning. A lot of you should be, especially some of yoU who were on that special to Cleveland, Buffalo and New York. There are quite a few stories out about that train. Adele Cole, Pi Phi pledge, was on that train along With her two “sons,” Bill Erlich and Jim somebody, both Lamba Chis. Not to be satisfied with only one, she “snoofed” with both of them going and coming. Speaking of the Lamba Chis,
Flaherty, Greey, Punchy Campbell I and Lennie Diehl did one swell job as the wrecking committee. Amongst other things, they amused themselves by decorating the Cleveland car with Purdue confetti, and bowling in the ailses with beer bdtties. Wonder what they used for pins. Td get ddwn to some nice news novtr, Jean Bair took a miniature from West Point dudng vacation. A miniature is an engagement ring mhich is a miniature replica of the West Foint graduation ring. Congratulations, Jeannie. Nelda Wood also skid the word the other day and took Gene Kramer’s pin. Nelda is a Foizie and Gene is a Theta Tau. Great stuff, people. There have been lots more pin-pushings people tell me, eejjecially in the Beta and the Alpha Chi houses, but nobody knows the names. Why doesn’t Somebody write me a letter and tell me all about them, huh?
ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNERS WED. JAN. 8rii ADVANCED THURS. JAN. 9th 6:30 P. M. JUNIOR BALLROOM CLASS SAT. JAN. 11th 6:30 P. M. CHILDREN'S BALLET AND TAP CLASSES SAt. JAN. Ilth ALLEN’S cth a ferry
ARC
LAST DAY
hdAmf tomorrow - FRIDAY
Sbrrmg AlUNMU JJAIinHUY wucA MaBITCIMIIIIU MABYBIHMB U0(UBIlt8j 'wmmtFMwttrmtYwwAii LAST TIMES TODAY fiROIICltO-CHrCO llARFS
_R - , 'GO v/eiTi
WITH VINCENT PRICE — AND —
—THURS.-FRI.-SAT. MURDER ON tHE YURON CbWBOV FB6M TEAS KINO OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED FIRST RUN NEWS
MMunn TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT. Action .. Daring .. Drama .. in the Thrill Hit of the Year! LOVE THROBBING TO THE
— LAST TIMES TODAY Columbia Pictures Wesley Ruggles’
/
A/
^ Ih W
?
,i ^
\|J» ! “ f '■^
"tj^ ^ '?(' r M '"'"Z f ^ ^ ^ fi.v5t a*.
t iM*^
t -t, '
" ^ ’ . ...w.
j' j q'ti'^ s <js^
fijstJidujL £xpimiint
Wednesday, fanuary 8, 1941
pa^iL 3 • SftBfdA.
#-
;
Greeks Conclude Bowling Race This Evening; Top Teams Battle
Winding up the season with the top te^ms in each bracket facing each other, the fraternity pin-topplers will conclude their keglings endeavors tonight in the last regular matches of the Student Union-sponsored bowling tournament. After this evening’s affairs* the top^ four teams will get together for a play-, off series to determine the winning squad. Delts Face Phi Delta • --
Highlighting the night’s activities will be the Delta Tau DeltaPhi Delta Theta match starting at xlihe o^ciofck. The Delts have a slii?! one game lead over the State Street five and will have to gamer two out of the three games to assure themselves ttf the championship laurels in their own bracket. In the other flight, Beta Sigma Psi, which has had things pretty much their own way so far, will tangle with Alpha Tau Omega, currently resting in the second place. The leaders have only dropped two games, while the ATOs were on the losing end of five. Delta Upsilon, with seven defeats, has a chance to climb into the playoffs if the ATOs lose all three of their games and they make a clean sweep of their match tonight. Kendrick Leads Scoring As far as the individual^scoring is concerned, Delt Jack Kendrick has a lead of somewhere in the ^ighborhood of .21 of a pin over Starek of Delta Upsilon, and Navata of Beta Sigma Psi. All three "have a massed a 173 average. The two leading squads also have complete control of the high team series honors with Beta Sigma Psi on top by virtue of a 2637 total and the Delts are right behind them with 2662. Barnes, of Delta Upsilon has the high individual game with 263, and Beta Sigma Psi’s Gaik is r^istihg on top of the high individual series pile with a 607. STANDINGS W L Delta Tau Delta „ ... . 22 g Phi Delta Theta 21 8 Phi Eapi>a Sigrina .. 14 10 Alpha Gamma Rho 14 10
Theta Chi"
13
11
Tau Kappa Epsilon . ,
11
18
Sigma Nu
10
14
Phi Kappa Tau
6
18
Pi Kappa Alpha
6
18
Triangle
4
20
Beta Sigma Psi
22
2
Alpha Tau Omega
19
6
Delta Upsilon
17
7
Theta Xi
13
11
Phi Kappa Psi
. 11
13
Bdta Theta Pi
. 11
13
Alpha Sigma Phi
8
16
Acacia
7
17-
Phi Sigma Kappa.
6
18
Phi Gamma Delta
6
18
HIGH-individual GAME
Barnes, Delta Upsilon
266
Sample, Alpha Gamma Rho
. 242
HIGH INDIVIDUAL SERIES
Gaik, Beta Sigma Psi
. 607
Barnes, Delta Upsilon HIGH TEAM SERIES
691
Beta Sigma Psi
2687
Delta Tau Delta
2662
178 178 178 172 171 168
HIGH INDIVIDUAL AVERAGE Kendrick, Delta Tau Delta Starek, Delta Upsilon . Navata, Beta Sigma Psi Zuck, Phi Kappa Sigma Gaik, Beta Sigma Psi Barnes, Delta Upsilon
JANUARY 8TH
Bracket A-^:4S p. m. Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Alpha Gamma Rho vs Sigma Nu. Triangle vs Theta Chi. Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Delta Theta. Bracket B—6:30 p. m. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Sigma Kalipd. Acacia vs. Beta Theta Pi. Phi Kapa Psi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi. Delta Upsilon vs Theta Xi.
M Schedules
7-00 7-16 8 00 8:16
7 00
7-16
8 00
7:00 7-16 8 00 8:16
7 00 7:16
BASKETBALL Wednesday, January 8 Court 1—Jim Shaw Slgmtt.Pi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha Beta Sigma Psi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Ward 29 vs. Ward 10. Ward 89 vs. Ward 24. _ Court 2—^Hugh Young Alpha Tau Omega vs. Sigma Alpha.Mu Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. Sigma Nu vs. Delta Chi , Court 8—^Harry Schwartz Ward 26 vs Ward 21. Ward, 6 ■Os. Ward 40. Cary Hall 10 vs. Cary Hall 12. Cai^ Hall I Caiy Hall 6. Court 4—C. H. Rechenbach Theta Xi vs Triangle. Alpha Chi Rho vs Theta Tau.
Special Sale
Finger-Tip Coats MackinaWd Leather Jackets
Reduced 20%
Here's your chance to sttve on any of these poi^ular sport jackets—all sizes and colors.
DEWENTER’S
416 Main Street
fllirORlTE PER Of RIRERICR’S STUDERT ' UlORLB... ty Appointment
angulation writing Inotrumont on moot ccmpl. You’ll too Ototo Hudonlt and proh earrylng Parlcw boeauto h’l tho only pan with ovary mitOamBng mffnwnwif. Clatt ahor dait, y*ar In mad yoar out It tontbum to portorm.»» and tho boauty of ho dyllng koope It ovor now* took ovor our wtdo notndrim at MAoddb, puheoa, and edham tadayt Vde'll Ai phmandy wi]mW at rib low mu of flMbeg wrriiig ooribbribai
decker s
' iRiMaOlali attOOHoi
518 Bfain St.
PhoAe 5036
GUflRflnUED tor LIFE by the BLUE 0 DIRfnOnD
An Irithmai’s lllutitnt
Riveter Sptashmen Open Against NU In Evanston Next Sat.
By Joseph Patrick Holan
The Purdue basketbal Isquad is still wondering who shot the accentuating stuff into the Ulini a couple of nights ago. So am I, but I’m not so surprised by the Illini win as I am by the wide margin of victory. —I-I— It’s no*fc quite the diplomatic thing or ethical journalistic policy to expect your team to loose a ball game; however, I did expect a certain Mr. Sachs to give the Boilermaker high scorer (whom-so-ever) he was sent out to guard a sound lesson in guard play. —I-I— I was a bit astonished to see my favorite Mr. Sachs sit on the Illini bench throughout the initial half. And on 'asking the Sucker sports
editor about Sachs, I.^as informed that my hero was 26 pounds over-
weight and too slow to play against Purdue. Says I to seself, “just another illusion,” but it wasn’t such an illusory thought at that. —I-I— If I was impressed by this guy Sachs last «eason, I down right marveled at him Monday night. On to the court he came, the home team trailing by five points in the second hulf, ahd BOOM he set to work on his chief idiodyncraCy—^Purdue. He began Iby hitting one from the middle. He dreve tlhder through the Purdue tiRjiket defense for two points and then passed to the basket that ptit Illinois ahead—^never to be headed. -1-1— And then he settled down to holding Don Blanken to nothing and northing for the duration of the fracas. -1-1-As far as enemy admiration goes, Purdue admires this fellow Sachs, but I hope-that admiration is put aside early in February when the Purdues meet the Illini in a return game in OUr pldybotise. —I-I— And talk about your crowd enthusiasm! The Hlinois student body are the loudest and most fervent team backers Fve ever seen. They howl all the time, and girls scream, the boys laugh and roar, and forever fill the air in Huff gym with fantasia. And they certainly boo the referees. Why, I’ll bet sdme of ’em ever bite their finger-nails. —I-I— Well, it sounds good, anyway.
Facing conference competition for the first time this season, Coach Dick Papenguth’s 1941 swimming squad, well tanned by Florida’s sun, will meet Northwestern’s aquatic stars Saturday afternoon. Journeying to Evanston for the encounter, the Boilermaker team will do battle with the Wildcat mermen in the latters’ new pool in the also new Patten Gymnasium. Captain Surles Back Leading the Wildcat attack will be Captain Surles who was also caplin of the Northwestern | team that beat last year’s Riveter Squad by a score of 60 to 34. Pahrback, another veteran of meets of other years and one of the fastest free stylists in the Western Conference, will probably be ohe of the chief Worries of several local swimmers this Saturday. In the breaststroke department the squad from Evanston boasts of Welsh, another veteran, while diver Powel and backstroker Zehr have also had previous experience in intercollegiate swimming. According to Mentor Papenguth, the Northwestern squad looks just about as good as ever, which is plenty good. Riveters Much Better On the other hand the Boilermaker swimming team is also as good or better than usual and Papenguth states that all of the boys are doing better this year than they did last season. Demonstrating to some extent the prowess of the Riveter squad is the fine showing its members made in the EastWest meet in Florida, when the Westmrn squad made up partially of Boilermaker swimmers trounced the East by a 130-64 score. Among the boys on the Riveter team with past seperienee that will see action this Week-end are back strokers Eratzer and Siler. Lettermen Tingley, Herr, and Branner will also do their part to make Saturday a miserable day for Wildcat rooters. Freshman star ot last year Jack Carney will also be on tap to compete for the Boilermaker teem the first time iti a conference meet. d.w.m.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK Hth & Main Sts. Phone 57l0
DEAC^S Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
Greeting Cards All Occasions SOUTHWORTH'S
Sperb Hardware ^ Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Dairy Products
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M. C. "Red"' Samtnon* '29 R.W."eoc"Q)ple'4e
M. E. MOREHOUSE ^ DAIRY QUALITY MILK r>honri 46214
• tocksfHifh
Kriys and Locks
Keys for trunjts, door locks, desk ■ :te,7n}flht latches and padlocks.
loci
Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, aC'
cessortes and repairing.
MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 282Q
Lambert Urges Fight As Team Preps For Wolves
Piggy Lambert gathered his hardwood squad about him yesterday afternoon and talked fo them like a Dutch Uncle. The chief topic of conversation was, of course, the 49 to 34 defeat that the Boilermakers were forced to swallow Monday evening in the Illinois lair at Champaign. Following this serious discussion, the basketeers whipped through a spirited scrimmage. Regulars Rest
Those who saw a great deal of active service in the Illini battle were awarded with only a short session and then were permitted to go to the showers. However, the others staged a lengthy and intensive workout, \^ch covered all phases of the ame. Defense was stressed in an attempt to correct some of the faults in protecting their basket that the Riveters were guilty of against the Suckers. Two Additions Norman Swarts and Paul Pauline, members of the 1939-40 crew, joined the squad during the holidays. The addition of these two veterans brings the roster number to a total of 23. Lambert Lauds Illini Lambert admitted that Doug Mills’ team played excellent ball in the second half, but also lauded his charges for their work in the opening twenty minutes. He said that he saw little reason to be discouraged and urged them to “keep together, stay cool and fight it out” through the remainder of the schedule. On Saturday evening the Lam-bert-coached lads will receive another severe test when the Michigan Wolverines invade the Fieldhouse. The Wolves boast highly of Mike Sofiak, a mighty mite of cleverness on the basketball court. This Froebel of Gary product, is small but a good fioorman and is perfectly at home in any fast break system of play. Fitzgerald and Brogan are a pair of net artists who may also give the Riveters some trouble. o.t.c.
Wolverine Star
Mike Sofiak will be among the band of Wolverines that will invade
the Fieldhouse hardwood next Saturday night. The ehunky forward has been a mainstay <d the Miehigan squad for two season’s now, and has been the ehief cog of the mvaders attack so far thia season.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By U«fity
Word was received late last night that Johnny Drako, former tJnivetrity student and football playet,' and Miss Pat Ducke, LaCtosse, Wis., ivere martied jRnnarjr 1, following their elopement to Las Vegas, N. M. Drake plays professional football fbr the Clevelanid Rams, was second high sedrer in the league, and nam^ fullba^ on the All-Professional All-Sfar team fbt 1940.
‘‘After using soap and water on their faces for generations, it*s no wonder that women today have to pay for their sins P
Study Saxophone MAIJRIE BEBTISETT Pupil of Merle Jonhston Specialisrfng in Teaciiing the Johnston Systesm ol • Big resonant tone — New York style • Correct eaihonchiire • Flowiii^ Vibratto 6 Blendhig f or Sax seetions e Relaxation ^ Studio Loealed At McLean Mii^e Co*
514 Maiii St.
Phone 7V17
rnkmm' ;„ f j
fiwtdusc £xpDns^
n .i
... to anything that President Elliott said yesterday in his opening address to the “Christmasized” students is probably presumptuous but nevertheless we’re going to add to it anyway. With tension growing throughout the nation over the defense program and with President Roosevelt's ominous fireside chat two weeks ago there has grown up a dangerous humor among the students. It is the devil-may-care attitude common to people who live and work under a great strain, True, many of the young men have answered the draft questionnaires and expect to report to Uncle Sam in July but that still is no excuse for the “what-does-it-matter” attitude which is becoming increasingly apparent. By assuming such an attiude we are surrendering our determination to carry on in spite of world conditions. In short we are giving up because it is the path of least resistance. It’s easy to get into such a frame of mind. It’s almost a natural outcome of the hardened exterior we put forth to an ever harder world at war. The difficult task is to maintain one’s equilibrium and presence of mind when the rest of the world doesn’t give a rap.
Notices
WSGA ExecutiTe Board: No regular meeting on Wednesday. January 8. Next regular meeting will be held the week after finals. —ZWIBBLEIN.
Marriage Course Seniors: Meeting this week will be on Wednesday, January 8, at 7:30 p. m. at the Foster Furniture Store, at the corner of Fifth and Main. Bring term reports and cards for grades. —BANCROFT.
lAgricttlturalist Staffs: Short but important meeting of the business and editorial staffs including freshman workers Wednesday, January 8, at 7 p. m. in the Agriculturist office in the Union. —ADAMS.
Peace Fellowship: Meeting on Thursday, January 9, at 7:30 p. m. in room 307 of Union. —LONG.
Silver Mask: All members should be present at the election of officers on Thursday, January 9, at 4:16 p. m. in the Fencing room of the Fieldhouse. —WEGENER.
PEW: All freshman and sopnomore womr en taking physical education are required to have a posture picture taken. All pictures must be taken by Wednesday noon, January 8. Golf classes will meet as usual on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. —HAZELTON.
Wesley Players: Special meeting will be held at the Foundation house, on Thursday, January 9, at 8:30 p. m. —PETERSON.
Independent Staff: Assignments are posted in the PIA offce. Report Wednesday, January 8, for work promptly at 7 p. m. —SELKOWITZ.
PIA Chorus: There will be a short meeting Wednesday, January 8, at 7:30 p. m. in’ room 307 of the Union. It will be over by 8 :16 p. m. Everbody be there. —SMULEVITZ.
NYA Students: Checks are available for the period ending December 16, 1940, at ’the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBE.
Religious Council: Important business will be held at the regular Wednesday meeting, January 8, at 7:30 p. m. in room 68. —MANGUS.
Underclassmen: Those interested in working on PIA dance class committee report to the PIA office Wednesday, January 8, at 4 p. m. —HUMPHREY.
Reamer Club: Members desiring basketball tickets for the next three conference games may leave coupons in the PIA box at the East desk of the Union before noon Wednesday, January 8. —JELNICK.
Junior Military: All Juniors are eligible for entrance into the Distinguished Gun Squad Competition, 155 mm. Howitzer. Squads to consist of: 2 Juniors (Exec, and Ass’t Exec.), 9 Sophomores (Chief of Section, Gunner, and Cannoneers). Juniors desiring to enter squads in this competition will preaent entries to Lt. Antrim in Instructors Room prior to noon January 15, Practice for squads will be two hours a week. Tentative date for competition will be March 17-20. —ANTRIM.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Thursday evening, January 9, at 7 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. It is scheduled: earlier because of the convo. -GRIFFIN.
Military Students: Those students who received marksmen sharpshooter or expert rating during the novice pistol competition are asked to report in the armory at 4 p. m. January 8 for final pistol tryouts. —BROWN.
Debris Sophomore Salesmen: Meeting in Debris office Wednesday, January 8, at 4. —LANCET.
All Students: Those interested in joining the Westminster co-op house call Everett Hood at 8747. —HOOD.
Mid-Year Graduates: Esp'ecially interested in industrial, mechanical, metallurgical and chemical engineers but desiring to see those of all branches, the Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation desires to interview men between now and time of graduation. The address is 208 South La Salle street, Chicago. —ARM.
Classified
LOST Lost: Small bag containing ladies’ shoes and rubbers, Finder please call 3071.
Freshman Engineers: No more final exam booklets are available. —DIBOS.
Debris Sophomores: There will be a meeting in the editorial workshop Thursday, January 9, at 4 p. m. —OGDEN. Newman Club: All officers must be present at a business meeting Thursday, January 9, at 6 p. m. in the Union. All members interested in the coming semester activities should attend, too. —LUERS. Exponent Co-ed Sophomores: Meeting Thursday, January 9, at 5 p. m. in the office. —SIMPSON.
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-RentrA-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407. FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoffi 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Sophomore leaving school end of semester causes double room vacancy. Twin beds, innerspring mattresses,. continuous hot water, insulated new house. Two block. Union and village. 306 South Grant.
(Continued from page 1) 24. Elliott — Consumers’ representative on Defense Commission. 25. Epstein—-An American sculp-tor-of distinction. 26. Fantasia^—^Animated musical movie—the creation of Disney and Stokowski. 27. Penske—Replaced Glenn Cunningham as America’s faster mile runner. 28. Gallahadion — The ho r s e which won Kentucky Derby against great odds. 29. George—U. S. Senator who escaped the President’s purge—now Chairman Committee on Foreign Relations. 30. Gestring—^Winner of the national A AU diving meet. 31. Halifax—^Lord Lothian’s successor as British ambassador to U. S. 32. Harris—Successful composer of popular music. 33. Hero-Martyr—Pastor Martin Neimoller Of Germany. 34. Hillman—Labor’s representative on NDAC. 35. Hoover—Tried to have America send :^oo<l to European refugees and war victims. 36. Hopkins, Dianna -Small daughter of H. L. Hopkins—a temporary resident of White House. 37. Jackson—^ Attorney General of the U. S. 38. Betty Jameson—Woman golf champion. . 39. J. Witnesses—:“A Bible-dizzy cult.” In trouble over refusal to salute flag. 40. Jones —Secretary of Commerce in President’s cabinet and Uncle Sam’s master money lender. 41. Juliana — Netherland Princess now in this country. 42. Kennedy—Returned ambassador from London, - 43. King-—Prime Minister of Canada—elected by large plurality. 44. Knudsen^—Chairman National Defense Advisory Committe. 46. Leahy—^Newly appointed ambassador to Prance. 46. Little-—^National Open Golf Champion. . 47. Livermore—Thrice a millionaire. Committed suicide. 48. “Haw-Haw”—English speaking German broadcaster—against England. / 49. Lothian Late Ambassador from Great Britain. Died in December. 50. McNary—Minority leader of U. S. Senate. Defeated candidate for Vice President. 61. Erika Mann—Daughter of Thomas Mann—author of popular book. 62. Mannerheim—Finnish Military leader, 63. Alice Marble—Women’s national tennis champion. 64. McNeill—National t e n n i s champion. 66. Marshall—Chief of Staff U. S. Army. 66. Martin—Congressman from Massachuetts. Chairman G. O. P.
during campaign. 67. Massey—^Plays part bf lincoln in “Abe Lincoln in Illinois.” 68. Matsuoka—Japan’s Minister to U. S. 69. Metexas —Premier General of Greece. 60. Michigan’s T. T. — Tommy Harmon, No. 1 football player of the year. 61. Millis—^New NLRB member. 62. Mitropoulos —Distinguished Greek Symphony Director now in New York. 63. Murphy—^Appointed to Supreme Court less than a year ago. 64. Murray-—John Ll Lewis’ successor as head of CIO. 66. Narvik— Former base of British operations in Norway. 66. “Native Sons”—Title of book written by Richard Wright, a young" colored author. 67. One-Five-Eight. First number drawn in opening of draft, October 16. 68. Oliver—Husband of Vivien Leigh-—^both now en route to England. 69. Papegos—Commanding general of Greek army now fighting Italians, 70. Parran-Surgeon General U.
S. Public Health Service. 71. Pelley—Long under suspicion of Dies Committee—^head of Silver
Shirts.
72. Petain—^Free France’s Chief
of State.
73. Play^—“Grapes of Wrath.” 74. Prien—Star performer among U. Boat heroes in Germany. 76. Purvis — British Purchasing
Agent in U. S.
76. “Queen of Ice”—Sonja Henie. 77. RAF—Royal Air Force of
Great Britain.
78. J. Rankin—Returned to Congress after 22 years out. Voted against World War I. 79. Rauschning—^Author of “The Voice of Destruction.” Former friend of Hitler.
80. Roberts
Wiswell,
81. Russell—Ousted as teacher in New York City College—now with Barnes Foundation. 82. Mary Ryan—rChampion woman swimmer. 83. ROper—On staff of Fortune —came out best with election fore-
casts.
84. Seabiscuit—America’s No. 1 race horse in terms of winnings. $437,000.00 won.
86. Shaw—^Three times winner of Indianapolis Speedway race. First to do this. 86. Smith — General Editor of Christian Advocate, periodical for 8 million Methodists, 87. “Speech” — The President’s last fireside chat setting forth attitude toward war. 88. Stassen—^Youthful governor of Minnesota. Keynoter at GOP convention in June. 89. Stritch—New Catholic Archbishop of Chicago. 90. Time’s man)—Winston Churchill. 91. Trotsky—Former dictator of Soviet Russia. Assassinated in Mexico Cit^ in August. , 92. /TruSt Buster—Assistant
Author of Oliver^joMley General, Thurman W. AjrR-
old, a former Yale professor. U
93. Villard—For many yea
Owner and Editor of Nation—re-
placed by younger writer.
94. Weigle—^Yale Professor now Chairman Federal Council of Prot-
estant Churches of America.
96. Weygand —In charge of France’s army in northern Africa. 96. White— Founder and First Chairman of “Committee to Defend America by Aiding the Allies.”
Extra Special Group of SUITS and TOPCOATS Values to $35.00 now There will be a small alteration charge on this special group.
SHIRTS
i; ..
CITY ME!
U
k ¥
AND POULTRY
1 1
220 N. 3rd. Street
Phone 5372
1' ■ ' ■
Values to $2.50 now Values to $1.65 WOOL PLAID $5.00 values now . . COTTON PLAID $1.65 values now...
now
$1.09 $229
RAINCOATS $5.75 Values now . .. ^4-^® $7.50 Values now . $5’^®
SALE! COLGATE TOOTH POWDER lARfiE AND *1* CMNT SIZE SALE! CASHMERE BOUQUET HAND LOTION URGE AND OfiC GIANT SIZE "vlU JQT
FREE! 25t JAR CASHMERE BOUQUET COLD CREAM FOR CLEANSINQ WHEN YOU BUY 25^ JAR SALEI CUE UQUID DENTIFRICE
PAJAMAS Special Groups Values to $2.50 .^.-29 SHORTS 5dc Quality ... ....... . . .. 35c Quality
PANTS Special Groups Values to $6.00 .. . . ..
39c 19c
50c Quality 35c Quality
SOOMAiNst
NECKWEAR $1.50 , Quality . . , 79c $1.00 Quality 59c WOOL MACPJIAWS J^3 57
UNIVERSITY DRUG STORE
Free Parking in Rear
y I