t
r
Purdue^ Exponent »4«i J ■■■
Volume 51, No. 77
Wednesday, December 13, 1939
Progressives Sweep Prom, Gala Week Elections
Riveters Tangle With Detroit Tonight SeekTo Return To 'Win Column' With Victory - OverTitans In Third Encounter Of The Season ACCOrdlOll'PISVinQ PROBABLE LINEUPS ^ PURDUE POSITION DETROIT . MSCStrO TO SwiRQ K c. clz: Out For PI A Dance Beretta (C) G Buchholz joe Cappo, the accordion-playing Yeager G O’Donnell maestro, and his band will play for ^ n 0.1 /-.i • • ,-.1 1 ^ the annual PIA Christmas dance in OFFICIALS—Referee, Schommer, Chicago; umpire, Chand-' ^he Union ballroom Friday, Decemler, Indianapolis. * her 16. Dancing will last from 9 BROADCAST—^WBAA, West Lafayette. to 12 p. m. with one o’clock hours „ , , ...... -n/p , , 1 <• j for co-eds. The dance will be a semiHoping to regain their winning ways after Monday’s defeat formal-affair. Since the occasion at the hands of a rangy DePaul quintet, the Boilermaker net will be semi-formal, long dresses forces will tangle with the veteran University of Detroit squad will be the order for co-eds while on the Fieldhouse floor tonight. The invading Titans, led by ^'heir escorts will be attired in busi-All-American center Bob Caliban, will open against the Riveters suits. I* T j ^^1^ Holiday spirit with the same lineup that fell before the Boilermakers 39 to 27 decorations are inlast year. tended to bring to the affair an air Same Lineup > of true holiday spirit. The backdrop No radical changes are anticipat- ^ kifArAflSflv consist of hollywreath centered m the local lads’ opening lineup, f irQIlllQ I^CIvllilll ed on a snowy white field trimmed although Coach Piggy Lambert has with live evergreen. In the middle indicated that he plans to start Dan pij.L W||| CmAnCAr wreath will be placed a Pisher at center in an effort to bol- vlllU iV III JpUlljUl Christmas candle, ster the Boilermaker’s offensive en- A large, decorated evergreen will deavors. Dan played almost the en- WyU TA|lAy b^eome the center of attraction for tire ghme^against the Blue Demons IVUUf and was one of the main cogs in Dresses indicating trends of ters with a large bag of gifts for what there was of the Riveters at- fashion for the last fifty years will members of the PIA board and the tack. Forrest Sjmowl, promising modeled at a style show and a chaperones. Presents for others sophomore, and Bob Igney will team moving picture on the manufacture may become eligible for distribuat forward, while veterans Yeager wool will be featured at the tion at this time if they are taken, and Beretta will have charge of the regular meeting of the Virginia C. together with the name of the reguard posts. ^ Meredith Clujb this afternoon at cipient, to the PIA office prior to the Caliban Tough ^.qq auditorium of the Home dance. The main thoin in the Boilermak- Economics building. Admittance will PIA Members Free ei’s side tonight is expected to be a be by membership card only. This Cappo’s band, which is stopping six foot, six inch center who trots same fashion show and motion pic- here while en rohte to Omaha, Nearound the floor under the name of ture were given for the Purdue braska, will feature the tenor tunes Caliban. The Detroit giant set a Women’s Club yesterday afternoon of Bill O’Brien. The band was orignew all-time Titan scoring mark at 4 o’clock. , inally organized in Cairo, 111., under last year when he was credited with Botany Worsted Mills, N. J., the name of the “Egyptian Serenad267 points in 20 games, and at the sponsorers of the show, loaned the ers” and were the first to organize same time was honored by being dresses illustrating the changes in m the M. C. A. PIA members will placed on several All-American fashion, while dresses indicative of be admitted upon the presentation fives. In last season’s game he not present day styles, were loaned of their membership cards and passonly caused his two guards, Ander- from Loeb and Hene Company of ports; others must purchase one son and Swartz, to commit 7 per- Lafayette. In addition to the mo- dollar tickets at the door, sonals, but was high point man for tion picture, a display of materials the night with four field goals and made by the Botany Worsted Mills t ■ p j -■ a tiio of free throws. . will be a feature of the club pro- ff GSlGY 1011110911011 Piggy Satisfied gram. Despite the loss to the smooth- Co-eds chosen to model in the T_ Annual woiking Blue Demon combination, style show are: Ruth Arbuckle, 10 3^011501 AIIiIUqI Piggy expressed himself as being Charlotte Braude, Mary Glenn well pleased with the team’s show- Yeager, Doeoth Newman, Martha Darltf Aa# ing* for such an early game. “The Adaska, Irene Sutherlin, Jane Fleig, AllldS f Oliy l/vCi 10 squad as a whole was alert, but un- Miriam Gustafson, Martha Rush, able to overcome DePaul’s height Catherine Mills, Anne Walters, Nan Wesley Foundation’s Christmas advantage,” said Lambert. “We Ward, Jeanne Woods, Doris Rubens, ,party will take place on Saturday, need tough competition to get the Jeannette Schermerhorn, Virginia December 16, at 8 p. m. This year’s (Continued on page 3) Royce, and Ruth Hague. annual party will be sponsored by the Foundation’s Freshmen Commission which consists of the fol- , I i Ai • lowing members: Paul Eckler, Voice Of Purdue jurvives rire, moving Phyms Hyde, Peggy Meece, and Jtene Sutherland. Day; Plans New Station, Studios, Full-time According to this committee, the ' ' * evening’s program includes a visit By Ole Allanson ..i—— from Saint Nick, games, and reIf the plans of Dri C F Harding next September, the studios will freshments. Guests are asked to Dean oTElectiical Engineering, are be located in the Music Hall. A bring as an admission gift, some realized WBAA will soon move in- twelve loom office suite is planned, household gadget that is properly to new quarters, increase its pow- with four studios. Several offices and wrapped for use in the gift exer five times, and go on a full time control rooms. The transmitted will change. Wesley Foundation invites broadcasting schedule. The Uni- be located on road 43.about seven everybody to attend this party, versity has applied to the Federal south of Lafayette. The Wesley players also anCommunications Commission for Regular daytime programs of the nounce the initiation of George Abpermission to make these changes^ station have been heard in Nebras- shier, Cornelia Caldwell, Walter and the record of the station is such ka, New York, and Tennessee; while Kettenring, Thomas McCohana, that Dr. Harding believes that per- special test programs, conducted Don Smith, Winifred Thompson, mission will be readily granted. night, have been heard in Welboum Tooker, and Joyce WinkNew Zealand. Vancouver Island, elpleck, which took place at the If these changes are made, a new Portland, Me., and an island in Hud- West Lafayette Methodist church transmitter will be needed, the sta- Sunday, tion will be moved from its present Fire! Help! location in the EE building, and a About 1931, just after the station “Torlrl Annnintorl Xo ' new antenna system costing between ^^e EE building, ' AAppu i n l eu i u ten and twenty thousand dollars ^ gt^rted in the battery room, will be constructed. -which was located next to the stu- ^ Growing Pains dios on the fourth floor. The fire Professor M. K. Todd of the Civil Station WBAA first went on the was not a serious one, but there was Engineering school has received noaii in 1921, and it has been broad- so much smoke that students in the tice of a three year appointment to casting continuously, except for classroom ne::?t to the studios were membership in the Surveying and short pauses for construction and unable to leave. Fire department Geodesy Committee, Civil Engineerenlargement^since then. At that ladders were too short to reach to ing division of the Spciety for Protime it was located in the basement the top floor. Finally they put them motion of Engineering Education, of the old EE building, now the on the roof of the lecture room, but Other members of the committee Chemical Annex. Later it was the students who were trapped re- include Professors Adams, Utah; moved upstairs, and after the new fused to come down. They stayed Dodds, Iowa State; Douglas, Case; EE building was finished it was and watched the fire department at Fox, Tulane; Harding, Louisville; moved to its present location. By woik. and Trowbridge, NYU.
University Choirs To Present Third Religious Convo The members of the combined University choirs, two hundred and twenty-five strong, -will present the third religious convocation of the year Sunday, December 17, in Fowler Hall. Two performance? will be given, at 4:30 and at 8 p. m., to take care of the expected crowds. Last year several hundred were turned away from a similar performance due to lack of seating facilities. Directed By Stewart Under the direction of Al Stewart, choral members have been rehearsing “The Story of Christmas,” a cantata by Alexander Matthews, for the past several weeks for this presentation. The cantata will be preceded by a choral procession, “Hark, the Herald Angels Sing,” and carol pinging by the audience. Yuletide settings and pageantry of the Christmas story will add to the pictorial effect planned for the whole program. The concert choir in gold satin robes will kneel on the stage at the white, candle-lighted altar and their singing will serve as a background for the story of the birth of Christ. Orchestra members ■vdll portray familiar characters of the Christmas story. Seven Soloists Soloists on the program will be; Alberta Schmadel, Marjorie Williamson, Elmer Carlquist, Marvin Smith, Robert Stanley, Harold Schulte, and Mary Johnston. Accompany the soloists -will be Albert Schnaible on the organ, Rosemary Robinson at the celest, and Jeanne Miller, harpist. FSA Workers Meet To Discuss Farm Security Program Professor H. J. Reed, dean of Agriculture and Director of the Experiment station, welcomed Monday approximately 226 Farm Security Administration employees in convention here to discuss Farm Security work. Following Dean Reed’s welcome, P. G. Beck of Indianapolis, regional director of the organization, discussed the place of the farm security program in the U. S. Department of Agriculture. D. E. Young, of the farm management department, then read a paper on “World Ma,rkets Affecting Our Present Farm Economy.” Other topics to be discussed during the week include “Health and Sanitation,” “The 'Work of the National Youth Administration,” “Land Use Planning,” “Public Relations,” and various farm and home topics. Dr. E. H. Shideler, of Lafayette, state director of the Administration, is in charge of the program which will continue through tomorrow. YWCA Sponsors Student, Faculty Dinner; Dr. Lillian Giibreth Main Speaker Members of YWCA sponsored a Student-Faculty Dinner last night in Rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Dr. Lillian A. Giibreth, professor of General Engineering and guest speaker for the occasion; Mrs. P. B. Knight, president of the YWCA Advisory Board, and other members of the Advisory Board were the special guests of YW. This dinner, to strengthen stu-dent-faculty social relations, was attended by approximately 80 persons and was the first of this nature to be held on our campus. Ruth Wattleworth, social committee chairman, was in charge of arrangements for the dinner.
Archibald Heads Gala Week; Royce Chosen Prom Chairman
Progressive Gala Week
BoUermaker Gala Week
Lawrence Archibald 381
-Harold Kolb
317
Benny Burns
375
Frances Raebig
316
Don Meyers
374
Hank Miller
313
Pat Heine
373
Eli Yeager
306
Bill Gobeille
370
Rog Anderson
302
Marv Keller
363
Hugh Del Valle
302
Progressive Prom
Boilermaker Prom
Virginia Royce....
446
Bob Ralston
374
Jim Ourand
435
Stu Armstrong
369
Dan Heiple
433
Paul Hamman
368
John Post
432
Harry Bramberry ....
367
John Van Horn ..
429
Hal Todd
366
Gil Kegerreis
428
Myra McKee
359
George Frey
427
Jim Ogden
358
Unaffiliated Prom
Jean Jones .
57
Lawrence Hess
44
The Progressive Party swept both the Prom and Gala Week elections yesterday for the second consecutive year as they scored all positions in both the senior and junior balloting. Yesterday marked the second time voting machines have been used in campus elections. This year more ballots were cast than in any previous fall elections.
Royce, Archibald—Chairmen
Virginia Royce, vice president in the Student Union and member of Alpha Chi Omega, sorority, collected the most votes of any jxmior thus giving her the position of Chairman of the Junior Prom, to be held next April. Lawrence Archibald, Editor of the Independent and member of PIA, emerged with a total of 381 votes in his favor to capture the.
job of Gala Week Chairman.
The other Progressive candidates to win the Prom Elections were: Jim Ourand, Sigma Pi; John Post, Cary Hall; Dan Heiple, Sigma Phi Epsilon;^ John VanHorn, Phi Kappa Psi; Gil Kegerreis, Phi Sigma Kappa; and George Frey, Cary Club., Senior Progressives winning Gala Week positions included: Benny Bums, Pi Kappa Alpha; Don Meyers, Alpha Sigma Phi; Pat Heine, Independent; Bill Gabeille, Cary Club; and Marv Keller, Delta Chi.
Senate Supervises Balloting
The balloting as always was under the supervision of the Student Senate and there was little confusion about voting compared with last year when a petition was presented to the Senate charging the machines with being illegally used. The use of the machines make the announcement of the victors possible within less than 10 minutes following the closing of the polls. The average difference between the Boilermaker and the Progressive Party Prom votes this year was approximately 67 votes as com-
pared with 14 last year.
AiEE, Seniors To Hear Walters, Personnel Director, On Friday Dr. J. E. Walters, University personnel director, will speak before members of AIEE and all seniors interested in job interviews, Friday afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 254 of the EE building. Subject of the address will be “Job interviews dur-j ing the vacation.” Seniors are now having practice interviews with Dr. Walters to familiarize them with the question? to be expected and the proper interviewing technique. All seniors desiring such practice interviews cannot be accommodated before Christmas recess. It is primarily for this reason that Dr. Walters is to speak on the subject. At the conclusion of the formal lecture all t3rpes of questions concerning interviewing problems will be answered by Dr.
Walters.
Union Host To Home v EC Faculty, Students Students and faculty members of the Home Economics school will be the guests of the Union Friday, December 16, from 4:30 to 5:30 in a (jhristmas tea to be held in the Reception Room of the Union. Both students and faculty are urged to attend this gathering. Refreshments will be served. Ruth Bennett, Union junior vice-presi-dent, has charge of all arrangements for the tea.
Doug Fairbanks Sr. . . . famous star of the silent screen and for 15 years ranking male star of Hollywood died yesterday of a heart attack in his Santa Monica home.
'When In Doubt Pull A Lever Or, Why Vote On Election Day?"
By Ruth Rose Yesterday was election day, and although the candidates were different, the old political atmosphere was the same. With the Boilermaker Phi Delts and Progressive Acacias each trying to outdo the other with their music and ballyhoo, vpters filed into the Union. But you can be sure that a part of the voters did not come of their own accord. A little persuasion by roommates and fraternity brothers helped to swell the crowd which at times completely filled the great hall of the Union. It’s A Raekelt Alert fraternity and sorority members kept a check on their brother and sister members, and as they voted their names were crossed off the list. Throughout the day workers called the houses reporting names of members who hadn’t
voted. A car was then sent after the non-voters and they were escorted to the polls. Politicians worked frantically both in the Union and in their classes—impressing innocent juniors and seniors what terrible things would happen if they voted tbe wrong ticket. Their work was made twice as hard in the afternoon when the candidates were banned from the place of voting. This step was evidently taken to prevent the influencing of voters. Those Machines The voters themselves were not as much concerned with what party to vote, as they were concerned with the problem of how to work the machine. One voter was heard to remark, “I got so mixed up working the machine, 1 don’t know who I voted for.”• *
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday. December 13, 1939
W' ^k'\1^‘Rv mk:
An Open Letter To The Progressive Party Dear Progressives: Today you will be shaking hands all around, and tonight you can turn to the text book instead of the telephone. We would congratulate you on such an all-party victory. The responsibility and honor of planning and conducting a successful Junior Prom and Gala Week are yours. Juniors and seniors passing through the curtained “iron voters” yesterday placed that trust exclusively in your hands. It is your duty, as much as your privilege, to set aside personal pleasures when the time comes in order that you may work to give Purdue a better Prom and Gala Week. Only one serious complaint has been registered against you, and that complaint also falls to the. Boilermaker party. The recordingpublic address systems set up on houses facing the Union and the Library made studying difficult in nearby buildings, and caused some confusion in classes. We would not condemn such a part of college election-day life, but perhaps next year’s parties could confine their loud-speaking activity to the noon hour and afW4o’clock. The Boilermakers gave you a good fight, and every member of the Boilermaker party is still a “good boy” in our estimation. Both you and the Boilermakers are to be commended in that no serious mud-slinging or underhand electioneering has been reported. You outlined a platform, Progressives, and now it is your job to see that your platform planks do not become warped or forgotten. You were elected partly on the promises made in that platform. For Prom, you promised an organized system of ticket distribution, selection of band or bands from popular nomination, and a reduction of the ticket price. With the Prom not scheduled until April 19, it is too early to contract a band. Your first problem will be to decide how you will fulfill these promises. You are in a position to give Purdue the finest Prom it has ever seen, because of the new ballroom. This selling point coupled with a reduction in price should enable you to surpass all other Prom ticket sales. You should be financially able to hire one of America’s finest bands. That is your problem, however, not ours. You promised suitable entertainment during intermission and open publication of all Prom expenses. These particular platform planks should hot be hard to fulfill, but “entertainment” may denote almost anything . . . we hope you make it good. Prom expenses will be published next fall in the Audit of Student Accounts, of course, but you probably meant pub-
But
By Romanoff While staring blankly at the “mill” waiting for an inspiration, our blood-shot eyes chanced to fall on the typewriter ribbon box in which our annual typewriter ribbon came. The inscription quite subtly read, “Plenty Copy” typewriter ribbon, etc., etc. Judging from the looks of these chickens tracks coming out of the machine, the name was not amiss. Moral: If you’re a ribbon manufacturer, don’t try to pun on old newspaper words because somewhere some bird will pun on your pun. * ■!!< * Somehow it reminded us of the cigarettes we used to smoke during ha3rfever time. They were called “Little Wonder.” After the first puff there was little wonder why they never sold any more. * To Vladimir and Pete: EPIC ON THE CAMPUS DEPARTMENT It was Friday. WBAA’s head announcer (Boilermaker) was handling the announcements on-Glenn Paxton’s last organ recital , . .by remote control . . . the organ was in Fowler Hall and the announcer was in studio A (the only one WB A A has) ... The announcer says, “Glenn’s next tune, written long ago, strangely for shadowed the recent happenings in Europe. He will now play ‘Valse Triste’ meaning ‘Sad Waltz,’ written by the Finnish composer, Blah, Blah...” The studio mike goes off . . . the door to the control room flashes open and the enraged engineer yelled, “Just what the hell has ‘Valse Triste’ got to do with Finland’s situation ? That little ditty, my friend, was written about a women in bed who was dyingi and calling for her son.” Moral: Don’t ad lib . . . it’s better to alibi.
lication of expenses so that this year’s seniors may see just where their money went. Your Saturday afternoon post-Prom tea dance for Prom ticket-holders will feature at least a good campus band, we hope. For Gala Week you promised a program for the seniors themselves, still incorporating fes-. tivities in which the alumni may share. You outlined a Senior Eazz Ba,nquet, a completely organized parade of all senior classes, past and present, and a “bigger and better” senior dance with both ballrooms and a name band. These were your promises, Prom Chairman Virginia Royce, and Gala Week Chairman Lawrence Archibald. We are expecting a lot of both you and your committees, and so is the student body. Good luck, and more power to you. Sincerely, The Exponent.
Purdue Exponent
R. E. Insley W. E. Smith., —
Editor-in-Chief Business Manager
D. G. Terrio :Editorial Director G. W. Frederick; Managing Editor E. M. Antonini....Senior Advertising Manager G. Schniing Go-ed Mitor R. Jenkins - Sports Editor Phones: Editorial, 4005 ; Business, 6038: Sports, 2792 Published daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. RBPReseNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY NationalAdvertisingService,lnc. College Publishers Representative . 420 Madison Ave. new York. N. Y. Chicago - Boston - Los Angeles - San Francisco National Advertising Representatives: National Advertising Service, Inc., 420 Madison Avenue, New York, N. Y. Member Associated Collegiate Press. , ■ This newspaper is written, edited,, and published by undergraduate studente of Purdue University, All opinions in it, ^unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director. Delivered by carrier, $3 per academic year; by mail, $3.50. Business office located at 312 N. Fifth Street: editorial office. Union Building; sports office. Field House. Night Editor .....DeHoog Issue Editor Mueller
£jthji/L £djHA, By Hank Miller
Here’s an orchid for Hal Minkler and the work he is doing with the Purdue Varsity Band, that part of the Purdue band that plays for the basketball games. The unit is made up of 50 freshmen and sophomores and was organized for the express purpose of playing for basketball games. The Western Illinois game last Thursday was the first game that they played for and they did a very nice job. We were almost flabbergasted when we learned that they had had only three rehearsals before the game. If you heard the game over WBAA,night before last or were there to see it you heard the band turn in a very fine second performance.
Especially good was a song that they played publicly for the first time, “Hold Me”, an oldie written by Little Jack Little, Howard Henderson, soph of Monticello, did a very nice solo job on the cornet. Here’s for more of the popular type of song at the games.
If you don’t have a 1 o’clock today and are interested in Abe Lincoln, you will be interested in the dramatization of the Gettysburg Address which will be presented over the NBC net at 1:15 p, m. It Avill probably come through WENR.
Here’s a new angle on an old saying. “That was no lady, that was Joe Miller” . . . It’s the title of a skit to be presented on Fred Allen’s show tonight at 8 p. m. over WMAQ. A little bit of advance info tells us that Joe Reichman will have the seat of honor on the Fitch Bandwagon next Sunday. . . . The same source tells us that starting Jan. 7, the Chase and Sanborn show will
be cut to a half hour and will carry oh minus Don Ameche and Dotty Lamour. —e-e— 73 for today.
LUMA —LAST TIMES TODAYFRED MAC MURRAY MADELEINE CARROLL — INCHON EYMOON in BALI' — and — JACKIE COOPER —-IN — "WHAT A LIFE"
THURS. - FRI. - SAT. _ 3 MESQUITEERS — IN — 'THE KANSAS TERRORS' — and — JOHNNY DOWNS — IN — "LAUGH IT OFF"
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
— LAST DAY —
TYRONE POWER LINDA DARNELL — IN — 'DAY-TIME WIFE'
ARC
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
‘ IDDNIIi MkIMCOIN I HENRV ALICI MARiORII ARlIiN FONDA-BRADY-WEAVER-WHELAN
— AND — TIM MeCOY — IN — 'REVENGE RIDER" —AUO — “RED BARRY" SERIAL
THURS. - FRI. - SAT. BULLDOG DRUMMOND'S BRIDE TRIGGER SMITH ZORRO'S FIGHTING LEGION
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Now that Prom and Gala Week committees have finished all their advertising and are once more the ordinary students without those forced grins denoting geniality, we can lean back and relax. All we have to do now is wait and see if the platforms that were drawn up will hold . . . and promises kept. —B & B— The winning committee is probably still under the table celebrating the victory. If they don’t shO'W up in two weeks, we’ll have to hold elections all over again. —B & B— Dave Hartman, SAE, strolls around the campus in a dazed man-, ner trying to figure things out. His main problem, ’tis said, is “Now how in the h—1 could a freshman have stolen my gal away ?” It looks like the seniors just don’t rate anymore around here. The frosh are putting things over on them all the time. —B & B— To DAVE we dedicate this lovely goon ditty: Me love has flew. Her did me dirt. Me did not know Her was a flirt. I hate she, I hate she, I wish she were died. Her told I Her loved I, But Oh! How her lied. Then her ups and left I, Without no because; Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhl! Cruel, cruel world, How could you was ? To them in love . Let I forbid. Lest they be dood Like I was did. —Oh Nuts —B&B— WE CAN’T WRITE A COLUMN WITHOUT CONTRIBS! Doesn’t anybody want two MARS passes?
USE EXPONENT CLASSIFIED ADS
nr
-and we’ll show him the pictures when he grows up so he’ll appreciate all the trouble we’ve gone to, raising him!”
Wesley Players To Present Christmas Play Sunday Night , Wesley players will present, the Christmas play, “Why the Chimes Rang”, Sunday evening at 6:30 in the West Uafayette Methodist church. Welbourne Tooker will occupy the leading role. The play centers about two small boys who with their uncle live in an old cabin. As the three prepare to go to the Christmas service an old beggar appears and asks for a bit of warmth. The older boy who chooses to stay and provide for the old woman has visions of the service at which he was presenting his gift of two pennies. Although the great’wealthy gifts of the rich fail to ring the chimes, his small donation causes the chimes to sound forth a message of holiday cheer. The younger boy is played by David Johnston; the old woman by
Larry Nichols; the uncle by Robert Lumpki. Mrs. F. J. Roberts will provide the organ and chimes effect. The Paul Tincher Smith Choir will sing for the occasion. Walter Kettenring is stage manager and Ralph Gaier will sujiervise the lighting. 28 Fraternity Teams Enter Squash Tourney Twenty-eight fraternities have entered teams in the annual Greek squash tourney which is now in progress. Three men teams from each house entered in the competion are scheduled to play three games with teams from other fraternities on the campus. The eight teams that finish these three matches with the highest ratings will enter the finals, v/hich are to be played off after the Christmas recess. All men on the teams entered in this tourney are cautioned that only white or crepe soled shoes are allowed on the squash courts.
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
CliAiliECIIAIl;/i ^CITYIM DMKNESS with SIDNEY TOLER Lynn Bari > Richard Clark* < Harold Bubar -LAST TIMES TODAY— DOUGLAS FAIRBANKS, Jr. — IN — "RULERS OF THE SEA"
IT'S NO SECRET] WHITEHALL BY aUSCflt IS A MUST!
One man tells another that Jayson has scored a ten-strike in Whitehall . . the ultimate white shirt . . . tailored in Troy of superior broadcloth. Sizes 131/2 to 19; sleeve lengths 31 to 37, in *Jaysonized no-starch, no-wilt collar. We do say these shirts will wear longer, and absolutely guarantee our statement. If you are not completely satiffed with a Jayson shirt in every respect— Please return it to us—we will cheerfully exchange it for a new shirt or refund your money. Compare Jayson with other shirts you may have in your wardrobe for quality, tailoring and fit. SANFORIZED SHRUNK—Fabric shrinkage less than —Federal Specifications CCC-T-191 A
Made under Celanese pajeiits
NiTid
-TODAYDOUBLE FUTURE MAIN STREET LAWYER — WITH — EDWARD ELLIS ANITA LOUISE -pluscowboy QUARTERBACK — WITH — BERT WHEELER MARIE WILSON
STARTS TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE LAUGH LOADED THRILLS
— PLUS — HEROES IN BLUE — WITH — DICK PURCELLWednesdoyi December 13, 1939
£xpDfu^ SpifdA. fiaqsL
• •
Purdue Matmen Win Rjyeters Tangle
Honors In Chicago Against competitioii comparing with the Big Ten meet, the Purdue grfint and groan aggregatioh captured second honors in the Mid-west AAU wrestling meet in ^Chicago last week-end. Topped only by Indiana, Boilermaker mat artists won one match in the finals and showed up well in the semi-finals. Sophomore “Casey” Fredericks won in the 121 pound division being awarded an Elgin wrist watch-^or his efforts. Jack Poster, a freshman who competed independently, came home with a second place medal; Italo Rossi, heavyweight, and Allman at 136 pounds placed in the semi-finals. Ruggeri entering independently finished third in his class. With eight college teams and several Y. M. C. A. groups out after the valuable prizes offered, competition was tough and gave Boilermaker followers an indication of what will happen in the Big Ten
tournament.
Dramatic Honorary Initiates 10 Pledges Theta Alpha Phi, national honorary dramatic society, initiated the following persons last Sunday afternoon in the reception room of the Union: John Dietrich, Dick Fink, Lewis Morrison, Bernice Beisel, Charles Hart, George Glover, Janet Greger, Benton Burns, Lance Heinidireh, and William Spreuer.
(Continued from page 1) team in shape and we are certainly getting it.” Lack of ability to control rebounds and the failure to hit the normal percentage of shots proved costly to the Boilermakers, and Larnbert is hopeful that his charges will return to their usual shooting foijm in tonight’s encounter. Monday the invaders sank 15 out of 43 shots, while the Riveters had to be content with a total of 9 baskets out of 60 attempts. Zouaves Honor New MemberiAt Banquet Zouaves, University military organization, held its first semester initiation for new members last Friday night at a banquet in the Union. Cadet Colonel Hurst, captain of the organization, acted as toastmaster. Captains E. V. Holmes and R. E. Hattan were also present. The formal ceremony was followed by dinner and a round table discussion of military subjects. ^ Previous to the formal initiation the ne\^ members had passed through a six-week pledge period, which ^ended in an “informal” initiation in the Armory.
' ATTENTION STUDENTS It Is Not Too Late to Enroll in Our NEW BALLROOM DANCING CLASSES Beginner's Wed., Dee. 13, 7;00 p. m. Advanced Thurs., Dec. 14, 7:00 p. m. New Classes for Children Open Saturday, Jan. 6th BALLET TAP BALLROOM Phone 2150 ALLEN’S fir Ferry
What am I bid?
RUCTION off your die hard Arrows and gef a load of new ones. We'll admit Arrow shirts last too long . . . but after 78 years of experience making shirts and collars, what can you expect? We're in the groove so to speak, and turn out a beauty at every tick of the clock. Each one comes up gleaming with that inimitable Arrow collar, anchored buttons, Mitoga fit, beautiful patterns, sturdy woven fabric, Sanforizedshrunk (shrinkage less than 1%), and the price to you gentlemen is only $2 . . . some higher . . . none less. See your dealer today .— he's got the new ones in!
?}RROfV SHIRTS COLLARS . . . TIES . . . HANDKERCHIEFS , . . UNDER'WEAR
Complete lane of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S In the Village
'Aquacade Varieties' Theme Of 3rd Annual Swimming Exhibition “Aquacade Varieties” will be the theme about which the 1939 edition of the 3rd annual Aquacade will be built. Fancy swimming, diving, racing, novelty events, tries for records, aquatic comedy, these and many other spectacular scenes will greet the patrons of this year’s water pageant. Ultra Modern Ultra-modern novelties will be furnished by the members of the Dolphin and Triton clubs, co-spon-sors of the performance. The Triton co-eds, under the leadership of Miss Russell, of the Physical Education Department, will present a water ballet, performed with music. The Dolphins will present a new form of entertainment, smoke writing under the water. In addition to these, a Houdini Bag Trick, a rubber band race, and scramble swimming will be presented by the two clubs. Record Smashing Attempts Several record breaking attempts will be made by Rivetei/ swimmers. Joe Williamson, a freshman, will be out to cop the American record for the 300 yard breaststroke. Jack Carney, Captain John Graham, Chuck Siler, and Horn will be after the 220, 440, and 600 yard Indiana free-style records. Kratzer, Branner, Mauck, and Sneed will attempt to break the 60 and 100 yard records in the same event. Krick, Anderson, McCready, Ancher, and Shaw will race for the 150 and 200 yard backstroke records. Fancy diving performances, in addition to those of Barbara Cook, A. A. U. champion, will be given by Herber, Fahren, Briggs, Saltzman, and Ochstein.
Follow Your ‘EXPONENT OF THE AIR” WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15 .
ChjoixJL By Robert J. Deckard Do you have a John Hancock that is just about as tough as “antidisestablishmentarianism” is to pronounce ? Do you come from a college in the midwest? —^fc , If you do, you’re headed for a great career in professional football ... At least that’s what figures compiled from the current issue of Leaping High Is
XMAS SPECIAL NEW YORK and RETURN
$19.50
Leaving UNION BUILDING 5:30 p. m. December 20, 1939 LARGE GREYHOUND CRUISER BUSSES For Reservations Call 2105 UNtON BUS STATION
Luclen Leloncfs ^acAit^ \s an intimate remmder of you
• Tucked among all her pretty things ban be sachet reminders/ of your thoughtfulness. Lucien Lelong’s famous fragrances are available in this highly concentrated, lasting form. A really choice gift.
DECKER’S
518-20 Main Street
Phone 6437
Conference Teams Steam Into Midst Ot Schedule With Intersectional Games Middle western basketball fever is working toward the midseason pitch this week, as the host of favorite teams, having disposed of the light season’s openers, face the test of stiffer competition. All members of the Big Ten will be in action this week, in a series of intersectional tilts. ® Ohio Plays Two
. . . Frank O’Donnell, brilliant Titan guard, who will occupy one of the starting spots in tonight’s lineup when the Motor City lads tangle with the Gold and Black net forces.
“Who’s Who in Major League Football” indicate. —^fc— 121 of 328 men on the roster of ten professional teams of greensward gallopers moved up from colleges from the midwest to lead all other sections. ‘ —fc— Three sectors were neck and neck for runner-up honors, those being the Far East with 57, and the Pacific Coast and South pulling up in third place with 55 men per. —^fc— Bringing up the rear of these swineskin skippers was the Southwest with 40. —^fc— As for the other qualifications to enter the big-time stuff . . . Following are some names which cause dissension among radio sport announcers : Yrcic, Uhrinyak, Gutowsky, Mulleaneaux, Szakash, Wojiechowicz, etc. —^fc— From the football field to the basketball court in one week end— that’s the btory that fits four Minnesota football luggers . . . Harold Van Every, Joe Mernik, George Boerner, and Bob Sweiger, who all reported to net practice at the Gopher school recently. Joe Mariucci, star Gopher footballer, is co-captain of ’the Minnesota hockey sextet. National Fraternity Leaders Meet Today Several national educational and fraternity leaders will meet here today to discuss the proposal for a summer training school for undergraduate fraternity leaders made by R. B. Stewart before a fraternity council meeting in NeW/York. Those attending the meeting are Dean of Men Fred Turner, University of Illinois; Dean Herbert Smith of DePauw; Fred Strecker, fraternity adviser at Ohio University, and Malcolm Sewell, national secretary of Sigma Nu. These men will confer with Prof. G. Davis, W. A. Bodden, assistant controller, W. E. Catterall, president of the Fraternity Presidents’ Council, and other campus leaders.
nnv
wfiim-pmf TIES NATURAL RESILIENCE" maktt Botany TIot Yfrinkln-froot Nature has provided the marvelous fabric your Botany ^ with "live” resiliency that causes y it to spring back to ftedi neww ness when hung up overnight. » You’ll never be embarrassed f by wrinkles when you wear a Botany Tie...and k costs only 50
P. S. Take one to Dad. DEWENTERS 416 Main Street
Ohio State, last year’s Conference winners, will face two foes this week, neither of which is expected to offer the Buckeye five much better than a good practice game. Wabash will play at Columbus tomorrow, w'hile Wooster College will tangle with the Buckeyes Saturday night. ^ Here at Lafayette the Boilermaker five will be seeking to again hit their victory stride against a veteran Detroit five. Last year the Riveters were able to conquer the Titans 39 to 27, but Coach Brazil has back every member of the team which won 15 out of their 20 scheduled games last year. Bob Callihan, an outstanding pivot man, who led the Titans' attack of the Boilermaker camp the past two years, will again be at the head of the Detroit five. Northwestern Northwestern will he host to two intersectional foes this week, the first, Washington State, on Thursday evening, and the second, Pittsburgh, on Saturday night. The Purple quintet is expected to make a better showing than they did last year. Captain Ad Vance from Logansport, will lead the Northwestern attack this season, aided by some fine sophomore material whose names are familiar in Hoosier basketball circles. Iowa’s 1939 hardwood squad, who decisively conquered Denver University Monday night, will travel east this week, meeting Wayne Uni- ( versity at Detroit on Saturday night and Butler at Indianapolis on Monday. Branch McCracken's Indiana five will engage the University of Nebraska team at Bloomington Friday night. This will be the Hoosiers’ first real test of the season, having already won victories from several less powerful teams. Irish To Ann Arbor ....The Irish of Notre Dame will travel to Ann Arbor Saturday night for one of the headline g:ames of the week with the Wolverines’ contingent. The Irish have a host of veterans back on the team this year and are expected to g;ive the Wolverines plenty of trouble in the pre-conference game. A Connecticut state five will invade the Michigan camp Monday night. With one of the highest scoring forward combinations in the mid west, the Illinois team should easily solve the defense of the Carleton five at Champaign Friday night. The mini also have a large group of returning lettermen, but suffered a big loss with the graduation of Pick Dehner, high scoring center. Inter City Battle Chicago will meet Armour Tech Saturday night in an inter city battle. The Maroons, who finished in ninth place last season, seem destined foi‘ a higher berth this year. Boilermakers Lose To Maroon Riflemen Chicago used the U. S. Mail to defeat the Boilermaker rifle team in the first mail match of the season. The Maroons piled up a total of 1,801 points to overcome the 1,759 points made by the combination of Elton, Smith, Scott, Knapp, and Kuhlman. The team is vowing that they will make up for this last defeat by beating the University of Iowa this week. Between intercollegiate matches there will be inter-team contests with medals given to the winners. F. Pasnokas Vidor In Billiards Tournament Frank J. Pasnokas won the sti’aight rail billiards tournament held at the Union billiard room last week in four straight games. Second place honors went to James'P. Hoke with three wins and one loss. John E. Breese, Don Forbes and Jack Smalley ended up in a three way tie for third position in the tournament.THE PURDUE EXPONENT^
Wednesdayf December 13< 1939
I
Army Examiners Will Arrive Dec. 16 For Interviews Examining board which will arrive on the campus December 16 for a three day stay to interview seniors interested in enlisting in the Air Corps Mill be composed of Major L. L Koontz, chairman; Captain C. A. Pinsman, Medical examiner^ and Lieutenant M. R Dick, recorder. Lieutenant J. F. Taylor, 27th pursuit squadron, has been here this week to explain and answer questions of interested seniors preparatory to the arrival of the board. Taylor Here Till Friday Lt Taylor will remain at the University until Friday noon and will be available to seniors from 8.30 until 4 p. m. every day in the armory. He spoke to a group of interested students last night in the EE lecture room on the traimng of the Air Corps. Only seniors between the ages of 20 and 26 will be considered eligible for enlistment in the training course. Applicants must furnish absolute proof of their age in the form of a birth certificate before final enlistment. Salary For Those Accepted Those accepted for the training will receive a sajary of 75 dollars per month plus room, board, and uniform for the duration of the training period. Upon successful completion of the course the student will be commissioned a second lieutenant in the Air Reserve Corps.
OTswa,
Monday afternoon, December 18, at 4 o’clock, WAA will give a Christmas Tea in the Women’s Gymnasium. Featured on the program for the afternoon are demonstrations of lules and fouls in boys’ basketball, in badminton, and fencing by WAA members. Refreshments will be served to those present and WAA members are cordially invited to attend th^ tea. —WAA— Fencing practice will be held Friday aftfernoon at 4 o’clock instead of next Monday afternoon. This change in the program is due to the Christmas Tea to be held on Monday. —WAA— The grand finale of the volleyball tournament is Friday, December 16. Sororities, Residence Halls, and Wards have teams entered in the tourney. A cup will be awarded to the winning team. Class volleyball games will begin after Christmas vacation. ' —WAA— Badminton and iiflery tournaments are still in progress. These two sports are becoming very popular in the women’s sport world especially on college campuses.
/-M Schedules
WRESTLING 121 pounds—^Fletcher vs Silva 136 pounds—Phenninger vs Neff , beck vs Hesterberg
146 pounds—Reeves vs. Lanius; Carson vs Burns, Russell vs. Noblitt, Horth vs. Rawlins 165 pounds—^Marks vs Thompson, Hall vs. Frost, Tayloi vs. Gardner, Winner vs, Lindeman 166 pounds—Willey vs. Branbury; Gardner vs Thompson , Winner vs Boedeaker. 176 pounds—Wadsworth vs. Miller; Winner vs. Lafuse Heavyweight—Vollmer vs. Gant.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Sigma Delta Chi: Turn in Riveters’ Rassle tickets and money to me Wednesday, December 18, at 4 p. m , in Exponent office. —^DECKARD.
Pi Tau Sigma: Important meeting in ME reading room Monday, December 18, at 4 p m —EILERING
Sigma Delta Chi: Short but important business meeting at 7:80 p. m Thursday, December 14, in Exponent office, room E. Financial report on dance will be made, and decision must be passed by chapter quorum on admittance a new chapter, national business •—TERRIO
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday, Decembei 13, at 7 16 p m in room A of the Union —SICKMAN.
Wesley Foundation: There will be a Christmas supper at the Foundation Saturday, December 16, from 6 to 7:30 p. m Admission 20 cents. Proceeds will go to ■ ibuy milk for underprivileged children. —STANGLAND
Scabbard and Blade: No meeting Wednesday, December 13 •—OLSON
Alpha Zeta: No meeting this week —HITCHCOCK Flying Club: Regular business meeting Thursday, December 14, at 4 p m in room F of the Union —KIMBALL. A Ph. A.: Due to circumstances beyond our control, we aie unable to have our Christmas party as was announced —OSBORN Lutheian Students A Christmas paity association will be held in room F of the Union at 4 15 p m Friday, December 16. —HALL
Lutheran Students: A Christmas pasty will be held in the basement of Grace Lutheran church Monday, December 18, at 7:16 p. m. All members and students interested in becoming membeis of the association are invited ' —HALL.
charge for actives and initiates. —CATTBRALL.
Y W Settlement House Committee: Meeting in Y W office Wednesday, December 13, at 4 p m Short Important —SCHWAB.
Men’s Bowling Teams: No tournament games Wednesday, December 13, because of basketball game —BROOKS. Union Sophomores: Browsing room staff will please meet in the Union office at 4 p m Wednesday, December 13. —HAMMAN.
Student Senate: Projects committee meeting Wednesday, December 13, room A of the Union at 4 p. m —McCAMMON.
Executive committee
Alpha Phi Omega: Executive
meeting Wednesday, December 18. East
Cary Hall after basketball game.
—McCAMMON.
Entomology Club: Meeting Thursday, Decembei 14, at 7:30 p. m in room 103 Ag Hall All membeis urged to attend. —FREDRICKSON
Weight Lifting Club: Important meeting 'Friday, December 16, at E:16 p. m. in the sul^basement of Fieldhouse All members and those interested are invited to attend. —SIGRED
Wesley Foundation: There will be a chili supper Wednesday, December 18, at the Foundation house. It will be served from 6:30 to 7 p m. Charge will be 20 cents. —STANGLAND.
Chemistry Condition Exam: Condition examinations for Chemistry 80, 32, and 84 will be given in room 101 of the Education building January 6 at 1 p. m. (12-16) —McBBE.
Glider Club: Meeting in room C of the Union Thursday, December 14, at 7:16 p. m. —MILLER.
WAA RiHery Tournament: Schedule for Thursday, December 14:—6:30, Ward III; 6:46, Ward IV; 7:00, Women’s Residence Hall, South : 7:16, Women’s Residence Hall, West: 7:80, Chi Omega; 7:46, Pi Beta Phi; 8:00, Riley House; 8:16, S.H.E. House; 8:30, Twin Pines; 8:46, Alpha Xi Delta. —HARRISON.
Tau Beta Pit Initiation will be held at 4 :46 p. m. Thuisday, December 14, in room C of the Union. "iThe initiation banquet will follow, at 6 p. m., in room 1 and 2. Dr. Estey will speak and there will be no
afternoon and the Indiana section SAE meeting at night. Anyone with a car is especially ^welcome. —CAHILL. Seniors: Personnel Data Sheets are available at the Activities Bureau office for $8.86 a hundred. Seniors are urged to take advantage of this streamlined way of impressing employers. (12-15) —BREUBR.
if
Rifle Club: Important meeting will be held Thursday, December 14, at 7:30 p. m. in room, 104 of the Fieldhouse. Officers will be elected and members taken into the club. Everyone interested will be welcome. —SMITH.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE—^Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $^.76.. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
FOR RENT FOR RENT—^Nice quiet single room. 420 Evergreen. Phone 66084.
Chi Epsilon: Formal initiation Wednesday, December 13, at 6:80 p. m. in room C of the Union. Banquet will start immediately after the initiation. —CORNELL.
RUSS’ RENT-A-CAR SERVICE. Phone 71644 after 6 p. m. Minimum $2.00—$2.60. All night.
SAE Members: All who want to go to Indianapolis on Thursday afternoon, December 14, should sign up immediately on the S.^ bulletin board in the basement of the ME building. Plan to go to the International Harvester engine plant in the
LOST AND FOUND LOST—$26 somewhere between the levee and South Hall. Finder please return to desk at hall. Reward.
LOST—Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin some time last week on the campus. Call Chase, 8801. Reward.
n
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Ltehty
l-?-
PBOY-i
fir
“You’d stand more chance of gettin’ a job if you shaved and looked presentable, Bud—I found that out years ago!”
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK
Phono 5701
4th & Mam
• Dine
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Mam St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• Hardware
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.-—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• School Supplies "DEAC" Everything for a College Education • Dairy Products M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214 • jewelers Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices • Locksmith KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS
HE WDRSHIPED MND
as
were a woman
HE BARliiUNED EOR lOVE
m
were
land
^ \ ... .
^-1
<> .
/ A '
I IKE ANIMALS, the two men fought in the J dirt. One was Gamaliel Ware, young Vermonter come to Arizona’s desert with a vision of waving fields of grain, a land richer than anyone ever dreamed of. The other was Cottrell,the man who had said, “ This world has shrunk too small to hold both you and tne' ” ... And watching them, Christine, desired by both, yet aloof. “Men fight many times when I am there” , . . A vivid sequel to Mr. Kelland’s novel Arizona begins in this issue of the Post. A romance of men and women who whipped the old Southwest into a civilization.
Aonouncing the New Novel of the Southwest Valley of the Sun BY CLARENCE BUDINCTON KELLAND
IS HITLER MARRIED? Who is this blonde Bavarian who has moved into his Chancellery on Wilhelmstrasse? From a dependable source inside Germany come details of the unofficial romance of Adolf and Eva. RIDE IN AN ENGINE CAB. Youre going for a ride in the cab of 90-44 on a 5-below-zero night with little Ben Cooper, youngest engineer on the line. And the third man along is out to trap Ben into making the one mistake that will cost him his job. Read No Gift of Gab, by Harold Titus.
IT COSTS $1000 TO HAVE LUNCH WITH HARRY CHANDLER. Who lured the movies to Southern California? Who was the practical dreamer behind the Hollywood Bowl; Los Angeles’ man-made harbor? Meet Harry Chandler, publisher of the Los Angeles Times, whose luncheons start with soup and end with a “touch.” THE MAN WHO WANTED TO BE ARRESTED. John Doowinkle, Assistant D. A., was puzzled. Why does a man claim he
was drunk? Why so anxious to look tipsy in court? John thought he saw a possible clue in the crazy behavior of a comet! Doowinkle’s Comet, a short story by Harry Klingsberg. AND... Hop off on the second leg of Airline Pilot Leland Jamieson’s new novel. High Frontier. A story of flying in the days when there were no rules but Get There,.. Helen Hayes’first meeting with the man she married ... Short stories by Lillian Day and Robert Murphy; Editorials, poems, Post Scripts and cartoons. All in this week’s Post.
209-11 N 5th St
Phone 2828
K
%
fi