' %
S’*
'^ 1,*•*/"’" *' 'i'' i* ‘'/i'll fl^/ f t'’'“^'^^y£S^^^
Flying Club Wins First - Trophy Leg Purdue was-the winner of United Air Line^ safe flying trophy at the annual national intercollegiate flying yolub meet held recently at i^n^on College, 'in Gambia^ Ohio, according to wor<p received here.
Purdue
M Mr 'MMkiiM mmmm MVk. rwri ■DUinmer Session
Exponent
' r'V/l:
Vol. 3 No. 11
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, August 9, 1939
' V t ii (. n
Purdue's flying team was composed of Ray Chevedden, of Chicago, 111., and Bob White, of Detroit, Mich., both students in mechanical engineering. Duke Unicrsity was second and the University of California- was third. This year’s meet marked the first presentation of the trophy, an annual award which will become the permanent possession of the club winning it for three successive years. When the trophy has been won permanently. United will provide another trophy for the continuation of the award. Tcrrio To Attend SDX Convention Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, will hold its 1939 national convention from August 31 to September 5 with a four-day program in San Francisco and two days in Los Angeles and Hollywood. Don Terrio, local chapter president, will be the Purdue delegate to the
convention.
“Headlines In 1940” will be the convention theme, and nationally prominent newspapermen will address various sessions. Raymond Clapper, national honorary SDX president ' and Scripps - Howard Washington columnist, will speak at the convention banquet Septem-
ber 1 in Palo Alto. Notables Scheduled
Headliners on the Los Angeles program include Charlie" McCSrtTiy and Edgar Bergen, Walter Winchell, Alec Templeton, Bob Burris, Rupert Hughes, and Irvin S. Cobb.t "trips to motion picture studios^' with a luncheon on the lot have
been planned.
Before the convention, Terrio will be a guest in Hollywood of Jerry Torrence, Jr., former Exponent staff member who is now a cameraman with the Walt Dis-
ney studios.
Forbes V/ins Rotation Billiards Tournament D. J. Forbes , won the summer session' rotation billiards tournament which was recently completed in the billiards room of the Union Building. Second to Forbes was P. H. Weisman, and third was C. G. Paddock. Straight r^il billiards "vyas not completed yesterday afternoon. R. E. Schlendorf led with two wins. Warren Archibald had one win and one loss, and Weisman and Michewich each had one win and two losses. Gershuny had not played.
Finals Start Tomorrow Final examinations will be held during the last three days of the summer session, tomorrow, Friday, and Saturday. Students will assemble in the regular classrooms, unless otherwise directed by the instructor
in charge.
The time for each examination is indicated below. Note that the key hour is the first regular session hour of the week, according to the schedule followed by the class during the summer session. Key Hours Examination Period Monday or Tuesday at 8 — August 10, 7 to 10 Monday or Tuesday at 6_ — August 10, 11 to 2 Monday or Tuesday at 11 — August 10, 3 to 6 Monday or Tuesday at 9 — August 11, 7 to 10 Monday or Tuesday at 7 — August 11, 11 to 2 Monday or Tuesday at 1 — August 11, 3 to 6 Monday or Tuesday at 10 — August 12, 7 to 10 Monday or Tuesday at 2 — August 12, 11 to 2 Monday or Tuesday at 3 — August 12, 3 to 6
Doc Milkr To Leave Saturday For Canada; Out To Beat His Record Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the Student Health Service, will leave by auto at noon Saturday for an 11 day fishing trip. Dr. Miller will make his headquarters at Clearwater Lake, near Emo, Canada, and plans to fish in a dozen surrounding lakes. Dr. Miller will be accompanied by his wife, and two sons, Marvin Eugene and Sayers John Miller, Jr. L. S. Dickenson and wife of W. Lafayette, will also be included in the party. The 42 pound muskie which Doc captured last year took fifth place in the National Sportsmens’ Contest. The Doc says he’s really out for blood this time, however.
Stewart Is Elected To Council Of
National Choir Directors Prof. Albert P. Stewart, University^ choral director, was elected a member of the National Advisory Committee of the National Association of Choir Directors at its annual convention this week
at Northwestern University.
The committee, which functions as the executive committee of the organization, includes the following members, besides Stewart: Dr. Robert G. McCutchan, former dean
•
of the music school at DePauw University; LeRoy Wetzel, professor of musical education, Chicago Musical College; Dr. Samuel R. Burkholder, music supervisor, Senn High School, Chicago; Professor Oliver S. Beltz, head of the department of church music and conducting. Northwestern University; and Ellen Jane Lindsay, music director, Texas Wesleyan College, Fort Worth, Texas. Philatelists Plan Airmail Flight Tonight Plans will be completed tonight for the airmail celebration when the Lafayette Philatelic Society holds its regular weekly meeting at the home of Bob Sherman, W. Lafayette, at 7:30 p. m. Orders will be taken for the specially cacheted envelopes which will be flown over the original route of the balloon Jupiter, the balloon which carrjed the woidd’s first official airmail. Further details will also be worked out for the Society’s annual exhibit, auction, and course which is to be held in the faculty lounge of the Union from September 22 to- 23. Proceeding the regular meeting, the executive council will meet at 7:00 p. m.
Student Health Aeronautical Makes
Service Engages New Physician
Dr. Paul H. Schmiedicke, graduate of the University ^f Wisconsin medical school in 1931 and past member of the staff of the University of Wisconsin’s student health service, will join the staff of the Purdue Student Health Service with the opening of the school year in September, according to an announcement made yesterday by Dr. S. J. Miller, director. Following his graduation. Dr. Schmiedicke served his interneship at the Indiana University Hospital in Indianapolis. His residency in medicine was with the Wisconsin General Hospital, Madison. Immediately before coming to the Purdue campi^, he occupied the position of internist for a group of doctors in Marinette, Wis. Dr. Schmiedicke will fill the vacancy created in June when Dr. 0. R. Wilson resigned to enter private practice at Bringhurst. Agronomists Compose Government Pamphlet Dr. W. W. Worzella, assistant in agronomy, and Dr. G. H. Cutler, assistant chief of the department of agronomy in the Agricultural Experiment Station, are the coauthors of a pamphlet on wheat just issued from the U. S. Government printing office, at Washington, D. C. The article, “A Critical Study of Technique for Measuring Granulation in Wheat Meal,” is a reprint of that published in the March 1939 issue of the Journal of Agricultural Research. The pamphlet is issued by the U. S. Department of Agriculture, with the cooperation of the Association of Land-Grant Colleges and Universities.
Half Hour Glider Flight Over Airport The half hour mqtorless flight of Craig Miller, aeronautical junior mechanical over the airport Sunday was a finale for the summer gliding season. With a passenger to boot. Miller was winch towed to a height of 800 feet where he noticed the strong thermal updrafts on which he subsequently spiralled up into an altitude of nearly 3,000 feet. When ih miles north of the field he decided to return again for lack of time to fly further; on landing he found that he had been aloft for nearly half an hour, unassisted by motor or artificial power of any kind, and in the presence of another, his sister passenger. Seven Solo Pilots Some 17 Purdue students began at the opening of summer school to prepare themselves for local gliding and soaring training. By now there have been developed seven new solo pilots from their ranks, and together they have made a total of over 800 winch towed motorless flights from the airport. These new pilots have as their next objective the perfection of extended or soaring flights over prolonged periods of time. They will soon compete in the American Open Soaring Contest at Frankfort, Michigan, where slope soaring will be practiced along with the thermal soai'ing such as that practiced by Miller during his recent flight described here.
/
Youngest Col. At I. U. BLOOMINGTON, Ind., Aug. 7— Recent promotion from lieutenant colonel to colonel by the war department has made John F. Landis, head of the I. U. infantry unit, the youngest infantry colonel in the U. S. army. Landis’ home is in Delphi, Indiana.
Fall Semester To Open With Orientation Period The 66th academic year of the University will open Saturday, September 9, with the orientation of freshmen and new students. “Old” students will register the following
Monday.
New students will be introduced to campus life Saturday morning at 7:45 at a convocation in the Fieldhouse. President E. C. Elliotfcwill officially welcome the new students. Albert P. Stewart, choral director; M. L. Fisher, dean of men, and Dorothy Stratton, dean of women, will also speak. Registrar R. B. Stone will give registration directions to the
new students.
- Frosh Exams
Later in the morning orientation examinations in English, grammer and psychology will be given. That afternoon there will be an English composition test. Saturday evening, new students will be the guests of the faculty at a student-faculty mixer in the Union ballroom. Old students will be admitted to registration in the Armory in accordance with the following sched-
ule:
Purdue Men To Speak At NAPE Convention Programs have been issued for the 57th annual convention of the National Association of Power Engineers, to be held in Indianapolis August 28 to September 1. August 30 has been designated as “Purdue Day” at the convention, with two speakers from the University school of mecrianical en-
gineering on the program. At 11 o’clock Professor W. T.
Miller will talk on the subject, “If I Were Again an Operating Engineer.” At 3 o’clock Dean A. A. Potter, of the engineering schools, will appear before the convention, speaking on “The Problems Before
the Operating Engineers.”
News Of The Week Govt. Payroll Increased WASHINGTON, Aug. 7 — Authoritative sources said today that the number of civil employees in the executive branch of the government hit a new high this June, and that congress has just appri)priated some $260,000,000 more than the presidential budget asked for. ^ Figures from the Civil Service Commission showed that the number of civil employees in June was 925,000 as compared to the peak of last December when the figure stood at 919,161. The war-time payroll was estimated at 918,000. Jap Attack Premeditated SHANGHAI, Aug. 7 — Detailed accounts of the Sunday attack on two British Yangtze River steamers aroused new and sterner conversations in the British capitol tonight. Reports from Commander A. F. St. G. Orpen of the gunboat Gannet, which passed through the barrage unhit, were to the effect that the attacks were definitely premeditated. All of the damaged property was said by the British to have been plainly marked with British {Continued on j)o,ge U)
I. Distingniished students of June, 1939, have the privilege of registering Monday, September 11, at 8 a m , or at any other time during the registration period. II. Undergraduate and special students who have no unremoved C, D or F grades on record, and are not on probation, register according to the first letters of their sur-
names, as follows: Monday, September 11
Aa-Ber 9 -QO a. m. Bes-Bz 9 30 a. m. Ca-Cr 10:00 a. m. Cs-Er 10:30 a. m. Es-Gl 11 -00 a. m. Gm-Hen 1.00 p. m. Heo-Joh 1:3o p. m. Joi-Kz 2:00 p. m. La-Mc 2 -30 p. m. Maa-Moo (including all Mac) 3:00 p. m. Mop-Pes 3 :30 p. m. Pet-Kog 4.00 p. m.
Tuesday, September 12
Roh-Sh 8:00 a. m. Si-Sz 8:30 a. m. Ta-Wat 9 :00 a. m. Wau-Zz 9:30 a. m. III. Undergraduate and special students who have unremoved C, ,D, or F grades on record, but are not on probation, register according to the first letters of their sur-
names, as follows. Tuesday, September 12
Aa-Ber 10 Bes-Bz 10. Ca-Cr 11' Cs-Er 11 ■ Es-Gl _T."__1 Gm-Hen ”_i Heo-Joh IIZ2 Joi-Kz La-Mc 3 Maa-Moo (including all Mac) 3 Mop-Pes 4
:00 a. m. 30 a. m. :00 a. m. :30 a. m. :00 p. m. :30 p. m. :00 p. m. :30 p. m. :00 p. m. 30 p. m. :00 p. m. :00 a. m. :30 a. m. '00 a. m. 30 a. m. 00 a. m.
Wednesday, September 13
Pet-Rog 8 Roh-Sh ~_8 Si-Sz ”9 Ta-Wat 9 Wau-Zz 10; IV. Old students on probation register ac
cording to the first letters of their surnames
as follows:
Wednesday, September 13 Aa-Con 10-30 a. m. Coo-Ham n -oo a. m. Han-Leg 1 oo p. m. Leh-Pef 1-30 p. m. Peg-Sta 2:00 p. m. Stb-Zz 2:30 p. m. V. New undergraduate and special students register according to their numbers in the Orientation Period, as follows: Tuesday, September 12 1- 22 551- 630 8 00 p, m23- 44 631- 710 8'30 a. m. 45- 66 711- 790 9 00 a. m. 67- 88 791- 870 9 -30 a. m. 89-110 871- 950 10:00 a. m. 111-132 951-1030 10 30 a. m. 13o-154 1031-1110 —11:00 a m 155-176 1111-1190 I_ 1.00 p- m. 177-198 1191-1270 1 30 p. m. 199-220 1271-1350 2 -00 p. m. 221-242 1351-1430 2'30p. m. 243-264 1431-1510 3'OOp. m. 265-286 1511-1590 3 -30 p. m 287-308 1591-1670 4 -.00 p. m. {Continued on page 3)
Airmail Flight August 17 To CommemorateTrip Of Ill-Fated “Jupiter”
By Hank Miller “Professor John Wise took' off from the vacant lot adjacent 'to the gas company thi^ morning in his balloon, the “Jupiter”, on his long planned flight to New York City. In the balloon’s basket along with Prof. Wise was the first sack of mail ever to travel by air with the sanction of a postmaster. “According to Postmaster Wood of Lafayette, this sa(^ contains 23 letters and 123 circulars, all addressed to parties in and around New York City. Though the take off yesterday ended in failure due to the fact that the balloon was damaged when it was brought up the street from the gas company to the courthouse square, today’s flight was a success. After the balloon left the ground it hovered over the city for an hour and then drifted leisurely on its way to thp Atlantic seaboard.” I if
Thus might have read a story on the front page of the Lafayette evening newspaper of August 17, 1859, for it was on this day that the world’s first official airmail flight left L^ayette. However, if communications of that time had been as rapid as they are today, there would have been another paragraph on that story. .It would have read something like this: New Version “At 3:55 p. m. this afternoon. Prof. Wise’s proposed balloon flight to New York City came to an abi’upt end when his balloon descended on the public road six miles south of Crawfordsville. The sack of mail was picked up from the road where Prof. Wise had dropped it when he saw that he was going to land, and was^put on board a train bound for New York City.” As usual, a straight news story
of that time told only the bare essentials and a little investigating turns up many interesting things. The flight was supposed to take place the 16th and so the balloon was given its gassy filling do-wn by the gas works. For everything to be proper, it was thought that the bag should take off from the coui't house square so the full balloon was brought up the sti'eet to the latter place. Balloon Gets Torn But lo! On the way up the street, they encountered a low hanging wire which tore a hole in the balloon and let the gas escape. After repairing the hole, which took the rest of the day, plans were made to start the flight again but from the gas works and not from the courthouse square. Came the 17th and everything was in readiness to start. After
much adoo, the ropes were cast off and the flight began. As late afternoon rolled around, the professor saw that he wasn’t getting to New York or anywhere near there so he decided to land. He fashioned a crude parachute and attached the mail sack to it. After dropping the mail overboard, Wise dropped a line hoping that someone would catch it and pull him to earth. The Irish Won’t Help He sighted a big Irishman and yelled to him to catch the line and pull him down. Nothing happened. The Irishman wasn’t used to seeing “angels” come out of the sky and he turned and ran for his life. Trying again, the professor saw a group of women and after a bit of persuasion, perisuaded them to grab the line and pull him to earth. So ended the illfated balloon flight in Crawfords-
ville, Indiana instead of New York City. One week from tomorrow will be the 80th anniversary of this flight, and preparations are under way to appropriately celebrate the event. WBAA will carry a special broadcast originating from the courthouse steps where Mayor Killian, and representatives from the Chamber of Commerce, Tippecanoe County Historical Society, Post Office, and Lafayette Philatelic Society will speak. Following this, a half hour drama recreating the original event will be presented. The Lafayette Philatelic Society is sponsoring an airmail flight over the originaL-rnutBYof the balloon Jupiter and has issued cacheted envelopes which will be sent on the flight. Captain Aretz of the Purdue Airport will pilot the plane carry-
'in^.i^ special mail, and will tafc^ offi from the airport about ll:3d^.'’ m. on the morning of the 17th. The balloon Jupiter has been preserved for posterity in the Smithsonian Institute and much material concerning the original flight is now in the Librai-y of Congress and also the Lafayette Museum. Anyone wishing to have one of the specially cacheted envelopes mailed to him and carried on the special flight over the original route of the balloon Jupiter may leave an order at Deac’s or Southworth’s on the West Side, or the Foster Shop on the north side of the courthouse square in Lafayette. Price of the special .envelope is 10 cents. This includes an airmail stamp and the privilege of mailing the letter anyplace in the United States or Canada.iJiW
i "
. V , " *-4 t’ *■ ^ I ’ 1 -i; V t r ^ i ijf
# 2
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Wednesday, August 9, 1939 fp
2^eaft ^^Ahefi Qhuckled,.. ... at our suggestion that the tJniversity was “campaigning” -for a housemother in every fraternity. He explained that it has been his contention for many years that the advantages of employing fraternity advisors to live in the house far outweigh the disadvantages. From time to time, he has suggested the matter to the Fraternity Presidents’ Council and answered all their questions in the hope that they will see fit to act on the proposition. Any plan that hints at University coercion is quite remote from his mind. As points in favor of the change he mentioned the ever increasing popularity of minor social functions such a^ trade dinners and picnics, which in the future will have to be chaperoned, an^f^ould fall under the duties of the houSerhother. Then there would be the advantage of feeling free to have women in the house any time the housemother was present: Among the disadvantages are the inade-quate-housing facilities that are prevalent in most fraternities miw. To hire a housemother would mean vacating the present guest rooms or might even necessitate the addition of an apartment for her use. Many houses could neither pay for, or find room for, such an addition. To date only one hous.e on the campus has definitely hired a housemother for next year. Four other houses have asked Dean Fisher’s advice on the problepi, but, to his knowled^ge, have gone no farther than perhaps to interview prospective candidates for the positions. For two years Purdue fraternities have functioned without housemothers. Is this proof that we can get along better without them or is it that we just don’t know what we’re missing? 941^ /i lAmve/Udiff. . . . , . such as this where there is an over abundance of technical training being undertaken, and the curriculum is being constantly stiffened to maintain the existing high standards of its graduates, isn’t it possible that we may get in a rut and tend to slight the recreational side of our “four-year experiment?” Mental and physical relaxation is recognized as equally important to our development as the actual classroom educatioijTAnd one of the most popular and yet underdeveloped recreations on the campus is the sponsorings of afternoon tea dancing in the Union. In probing around, we found that the administration viewpoint on this subject agrees with ours. It recognizes the advantages of such post-classroom relaxation and activity, and would cooperate with us to the extent of one or two dances a week. Now it would appear that the only thing standing between us and our goal is the OK of the Union manager and the securing of a source of music. We fail to see why the organized music-
PURDUE EXPONENT
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Coneress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and iveekly during the summer session. Slimmer mail subscription $0.50.
Editor-in-Chicf R. E. Insley
Business Manager W. E. Smith, Jr.
D G. Terrio ^Editorial Director E M Antonini Advertising Manager Rolfe Jenkins Sports Editor J H. McKee, Jr Associate Editor Mary Burtsfield Coed Junior OFFICES Editorial Union Bldg., Room E—4005 Business 312 N. Fifth, Lafayette—6038 This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are writteh by the editorial director.
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. Chicago > Boston • San Francisco L.OS ANGELES . Portland • Seattle
Member Associated Collegiate-Press
ians of the University, at last count numbering some five or six popular bands, wouldn’t be glad for the opportunity to get a little ihid-week practice and some good advertising for themselves by playing for these affairs. Campus radio productions seldom strike a snag in signing a campus band to fill a spot on their shows, so why wouldn’t the same orchestras be willing to put on an hour or two show every three weeks in the ballroom? All of this is by way of putting in words just a passing thought for the betterment and pleasure of everyone concerned. If sentiment runs high enough next semester we should, with the cooperation of the Student Union and other organizations, be able to schedule some regular afternoon tea dances and offer the “Frosh” something to think about when he begins comparing his new University with others that he might have chosen. ^ decent ^ecliien. . . ... of local authorities to put A stop to the unorganized inhabitation of trailers within the corporation limits is going to put a temporary crimp in the style of a few would-be hermits^ the campus. In previous years the practice by students, of bringing their own trailers to the campus, in an effort to defray living expenses, was hardly recognized '^y authorities as objectionable. However, during the past year, the number of students living in trailers jumped so high that something had to be done to regulate their existence. In order for a student to operate a trailer next year he will have to secure the OK of the dean of men’s office as to its proposed location, and if within the corporation limits, the OK of local authorities as to sanitation and correct zoning.
There are 62,000 bound volumes in the libraries of the U. S. institutions of higher learning. ( A total of 92.6 percent of Rutgers University students use the college library during the year.
The American College Publicity Association was founded in 1917 in Chicago. The University of Alabama R. 0. T. C. unit has earned an excellent rating 11 years in succession.
Pennsylvania State College scientists have discovered a new way of growing mushrooms. Twenty-five percent of the Holy Cross College student body is studying Greek in the original.
Birdseye View Of Fair Grounds
K
COOL WASHED AIR ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY CHARLES BICKFORD PRESTON FOOTER in ^^The Storm” — and — BOB STEELE in ^Taroled to Die” — Also — “Flying G-Men” chap, 4
Thurs. - Fri. - Sat.
— And — THERE’S LOTS OF LAW . . . IN ALRIGHT TO THE JAW!
— Also — Last Chapter of “Hawk of the Wilderness” SUNDAY - MONDAY .
i
ICEFOlLIKoneM'l starring with Y Joan CRAWFORD* James STEWART LEW AYRES • LEWIS STORE > M-S-M STARS
— and —
Photograph from the air of the New York World’s Fair, looking west with the spires of Manhattan silhouetted against the horizon. Lower right is the United States Federal Building facing the Court of Peace with foreign pavilions grouped on either side. Beyond the oval Legoon of Nations the Main Exhibit Area spreads out on either side of Constitution Mall, while in back of the Perisphere and Trylon is the Transportation Zone.
— Also — DISNEY CARTOON
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
Just ^imagine! The next four weeks can be spent in unending hours of sleep and play (as if you haven’t been doing that all summer). If you do run into a little difficulty in those EXAMS, just use the method of association to bring it back to you—of course the S.S., the C.S. or the B.B. is far removed from the classroom. b & b One of our parting wishes is that the Union will get a supply of motorbikes for our use to get around the building next year as the increased size is going to tell on us. A guide desk will also be beneficial in finding our way around. We spent a few minutes of our valuable time (we should have been studying) this afternoon watching the summer cleaning in the Grill — had to leave tho, it is tiring just to watch others work these days, b & b With Wickard in love; Beany Dygert getting over a broken heart; Dottie Baker devoting his time to manlier things; and the rest of the Kitties worrying about finals, there just ain’t nuthin to tell. b & b There was a lad at Purdue Who played all summer with you He flunked his exams And now he’s using his hams (leaning on a shovel with you. (Yes, it’s original) b & b Some students have found the secret of getting the professors out of the room during exams — Just tell him he’s overpaid and he will probably go through the roof, b & b The situation has become so bad for Vern Dietrich that he has resorted to chasing girls around at Sunday School picnics with a sack over his head. Now this alone wouldn’t be so bad, but we undeistand tbat Lew (stnke-’eni-out) Thomas is jealous!
5 DAYS
Starting SATURDAY
lavishing! The one picture you've been waiting, for .. . as languorous, exotic Hedy Lamarr loves handsome Bob Taylor!
ROBERT
©r
THE
lAijy
TROPICS
Last Time Today MICKEY ROONEY in “Andy Hardy Gets Spring Fever’
' Healthfully Cooled LUNA
Tomorrow - Fri. - Sat.
— and
Hill 1 Smiley SUNDAY - MONDAY
wttb LEWIS STONE MICKEY riP* CECJUA PARKER • FAY HOLDEN\J«^
Plus
William lUNWGAN • 1«V HO^WK Michael WHAltM • hobeUnVEll lyle TALBOT • Spencer otARTw*
LAST TIMES TODAY DEANNE DURBIN in “3 Smart Girls Grown Up” — and — GEO. RAFT - ELLEN DREW in “The Lady’s from ' Kentucky”
YANKEE TRAILWAYS , BUS DEPOT 208 N. 5th St. * Phone 4475 Round Trip f World’s Fair New York — $20.50 San Francisco - $58.50 Free Meals and Pillows, Conditioned Cruiser Coaches' West
AIR CONDITIONED - COOL NEW MAIN STARTS TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
Thrilling Adventure and Golden . Song in the Mystic South Sea ' Islands!
NED SPARKS IRVIN S. COBB RAYMOND PAIGE and his orchestra — Plus A Timely Drama of Uncle Sam’s Espionage Department!
LEON AMES
WOODBURY
LAMKSTU
Tomorrow - Fri. - Sat. DOUBLE FEATURE
- Plus — tlERe'S GALLOPING % GHOST CAN REALLY I GALLOP! /
smimEm • mmbewiisor GiommmoH •Directed by NOEL SMITI
Starting SUNDAY
pi
%
#>
efjt
Walter Connolly Alan Joan Perry
LAST DAY
JOHN GARFIELD LANE SISTERS in “Daughters Courageous’iptPWPM^
^ ■* ■si)l' jf ^ ~ Jr j-lt
tylilf •
i^u jy r i'
-M i
.■■: ■:
\
lH^ Wednesday, Angvist 9, 1939
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
t #;
Fielders* Choice
by Rob’t J. Deckard Well, it’s all over, with the exception of the shouting . . . Elmer Lay den, Notre Dame mentor, with a concerted drive during the entire stretch garnered the coveted position as head coach of the AllStar college contingent which will face the New York Giants in the ■ sparkling sixth annual football classic in Chicago’s Soldiers Field. —fc— Sure, Mai Elward, Boilermaker brilliant grid technician, looked good during the drive for votes made by Indiana Junior Chambers of Commerce, and the Exponent, and other organizations who were backing the popular coach from the Boilermaker institution . . . but it was just one of those things . . . Mai assumed an early lead in the Big Ten race and held it until the half-way mark... then Northwestern’s Lynn Waldorf jumped into the lead . . . Harry Stuhldreher of Wisconsin threatened also. —fc— Votes poured in for all three coaches even after the deadline ... A few hours after the final hour had passed, Mai seemed to be “in” as first-assistant to Layden, who was virtually elected head coach before the race was half-way over . . . then late votes for Stuhldreher swarmed in, taking the Elward backers by surprise knd the Badger nosed out Mai by a hair, —^fc— One of the finest things done to aid Elward in his quest to become the “Boss” of the finest college football material of 1938 for several weeks was the cooperation, spirit, and drive of Indiana citizenry . . . everybody responded . . . Governor Townsend joined in . . . votes weren’t hard to get . . . it was undoubtedly a Hoosier way
of showing cooperation to help anything that is Hoosier. » —^fc— ‘ What did Mai get out of the poll? Plenty, my friends . . . for a coach who,, has been the head of a major university football team for bnly two years, Mal*^did okay ... it was the moral support by the fans which will help to bolster Mai’s spirit in future football campaigns. . , in the meantime he became the talk of every man, woman, and child ... he made many friends ... he has won the respect of every red-blooded football fan . . . needless to say, Mai was the recipient of many other intangible awards which certainly were deserving. —fc— To Layden, Stuhldreher, Cornell’s Mark Snavely,'' Tennessee’s Major Bob Neyland, and St. Mary’s Slip Madigan (the last four named will be assistants to Layden) we give our most wholehearted support, —fc— To Mai—there is always next
Gobs VieW Sculpture
year
WBAA
Schedule
11 00 11 soil 6012 0012 1612 3012 46-
00-
1 161 301 462 003 003 163 30--a 46-
11 0011 loll 3012 0012 1612 3012 461 001 301 462 00-
—Friday— —Morning Melodies —The Parade of Melody —Purdue News Flashes. —Agricultural Forum -Sports Review -Luncheon Dance Time. -Market Reports -George Knox—^popular songs. -Monitor Views the News -Melody Time -Mary Louise Switzer-^pianist. -Symphony Hall -American Family Robinson. -Musical Moments -Exponent of the Air -The Old Woman m the Shoe. —Saturday— -Just Kids -Carolyn Wood—soprano -Saturday Musical Review. -Market Reports -The Woman Shopper -Luncheon Dance Time -Charles Powell—Tune Time. -Radio Stage -Monitor Views the News. -Hoosier Corn Huskers -Stamp Club
RELAX
Your Mind and Body
Before and During Finals
in f-he
BodddUta AUeif^
and the
BilUafut Ho04ft
Downstairs in the
PimBUE
mCOIOIIKIL
Corner of the Campus I yet the Center
of Campus Activities
Modern sculpture is evidently something new to these gobs from the United States fleet who are shown scratching their heads over a statue of “Speed” by Joseph Renier in Communications Court at the New York World’s Fair.
Fall Semester — (ConUnued from page 1) Wednesday, September 13 309-330 1671-1760 ^ 8 00 a m 331-362 1761-1830 8 30 a m 368-374 1831-1910 9 00 a m 376-396 1911-1990 9 30 a m 397-418 1991-2070 10 00 a m 419-440 2071-2160 10 30 a m 441-462 2161-2230 11 00 a m 463-484 2231-2310 1 00 p m 486-606 2311-2390 _ 1 30 p m 607-628 2391-2470 2 00 p m 629-660 2471-end 2 30 p m VI Graduate students register according to the first letters of their surnames as fol-
lows
Monday, September 11
A Bi 9 00 a m Bo Ch — 10 00 a m Cl-D _ll 00 a m E Gi 1 00 p m G1 He — 2 00 p m Hi-J — _ _ — — 3 00 p m
Tuesday, September 12 8 00 a m
9 00 a m
_ 10 00 a m - — 11 00 a m 1 00 p m _ - —2 OO p m* . 3 00 p m
K-L
M N P R Sh -._4. fei Sz
T V
W-Z _ _ _
Coup^i!^) to the Traffic Officei, who will be on duty at the dooi Follow his directions
USED TEXT BOOKS
MEAN
Money In Your Pocket
Southworth Pays
50% Cash 60% In Trade
Southworth
Stuldreher Beats Elward In AlUStar Coaches Ballot
Mai Elward was edged out in the All-Star coaches poll by Harry Stuhldreher, Wisconsin grid mentor, who will represent the Big Ten. While Mai Elward was third in total number of votes, he will not be a member of the squad, as coaches are chosen by ^Jigraphical sections of the country. Elmer Layden, Notre Dame ■ — -
coach and athletic director, piled up the mpst votes, 5,127,888. No one else ip the middle west approached that figure. Stuhldreher’s 2,918,150 led the Big Ten and was second in the nation. Elward’s total was 2,742,063'f Other members of the staff include Bob Neyland, Tennessee, who received 1,496,335 votes; Carl Snavely, Cornell, 1,160,907; and Edwaid “Slip” Madigan of St. Mary’s 894,275. Practice will begin immediately for the game which will be played on the night of August 30 at Soldiers Field, Chicago, against the New York Giants.
Gridders Will Try Whiskery Pigskin
A twenty-milliofi year old turtle skull has been given to Oregon State College.
Boilermaker football players wiU devote some time next fall to experimentation with the yellow, hairy pigskin which alumnus M. E. Stein, ME ’02, brought to the campus last week. Such was the decision of Athletic Director Noble E. Kizer, when he was shown the ball last Saturday. Kizer considers the football an unknown quantity. It must be proven whether it will become more or less slippery when wet. Various other differences between that ball and a regulation ball will be studied to give it every possible chance to be proven better.
Moie than 10,000 individuals last year contributed to a special Harvard University fund.
Alpha Phi Omega, national scouting fraternity, has donated a stone fireplace to the University of Wichita.
Court Of Peace
A student who has previously attended Purdue University in the regular year (not summer session or short courses) is “old ” Those who for any cause beyond their control are prevented from registering at their scheduled time may register at 3 00 p m on Wednesday, September 13 Doors closed at 4 00 p m Bung with you the total amount of your fees and deposits in bank draft, certified check, or postal or express money order, payable to Purdue University, as the payment of this amount is necessary in Order to register Students should bring the amount in such paper, instead of in cash, if possible (For amount, see Catalogue, pp 120, 121 ) Personal checks for the exact amount payable to Purdue University, will
be accepted
Note Especially— ^
Repetition fee to be paid by any student taking any course foi the third or subse-
quent time, per semester hour, $6 00
Probation fee to be paid by any student on scholastic probation, as provided by the rules and regulations governing students, per semester, $15 00 \ f
Bring with you pencil anWeraser
On ai riving at the west door of the Arnmiy show youi Permit to Register (or
Looking down the Court of Peace at the New York World’s Fair at a portion of the throng of 100,000 that filled the huge square at a recent ceremony. In the background is the Lagoon of Nations, with its fountains, the Trylon and Perisphere and the Belgian Pavilion at left.
DAYS
5
I DEWENTER’S
Men’s Shirts
Men’s Anklets
1 lot, rei;. $1.65 value
Regular 35c values
14 to 17
for Dollar Days
$4.00
$4.00 4 pr. X
Pajamas
Sport Shirts
$1.65 values, now
1 lot, values to $1.95
$^.00
$4.00
$1.00 Ties
Swim Trunks
special at
values to $2.95
$4.00 2 for JL
6
$4.45 Now X
DEWENTER’S
416 Main St.i;
%
'
»■
By Hank Miller Ether Edits has been an experiment this summer to determine whether sudi a column might be rim during ,the winter months. We have tried many different styles of writing from giving announcements of coming programs to editorializing or giving our ideas on certain programs. We haven’t decided definitely yet what will be the final result but it will probably be a happy medium. We will, however, welcome any and all suggestions. Just drop them in the Exponent box at the Union desk. •
We saw Val Armstrong the other night when she dropped onto the campus to make a few arrangements for the coming year and she poured a mighty inter-
esting story into our ears, We later substantiated it in a telephorte conversation to Chicago. Bill “Bucket” Adams who spent a great part of his spare time announcing and producing programs over WBAA last year is home in Chicago at the present time. During the summer, he has been trying to sell a program idea to NBC. The idea is that of his WBAA show last winter, “College Caravan.” lii our telephone conversation which was with Bill’s mother, we found out that Robertson of the NBC script department is very much interested in the idea and thinks that it has possiblities for this fall. Tentative plans are to put the show on commercial during football season with a cigarette company sponsoring it. Bill will be back to school but he would run up to Chicago to put on the shows, probably on week ends. e e
. The time has passed when WB AA signs off during the summer. So, while everybody goes home to enjoy a month of leisure or at
H. G. “Deac” REISNER College Book Store ‘Everything for a.college education’
Whatever Your Floral Needs GM’s mi M fliST saran Of fLOK fOfillLL OCGflSro
C lat/z
Phone 5423
522 Main St.
COAL SPECIALS
New River W. Va. “Red Parrot” “Kaymoor” Pocahontas Splint Lump Or Egg $8.75 Lump ^^_$7.50 (treated) East Ky. Lump ___$7.50 3% Ash 15,000 BTU’s 4-5% Ash 14,000 BTU’s
North Star Coal Co.
August Delivery 308 Brown St.
Satisfaction Guaranteed Phone 2405
The Tops
in
Hotel Stops
HOTEL
FOWLER
BLUE BLAZER
WALNUT ROOM
COCKTAIL LOUNGE
CAFE
BOTH AIR CONDITIONED
For Economy . .
. . . The Lahr Hotel
DECKER’S
So long, fellows
Have a good time on your vacation, and when you return to Purdue, drop in and
see us.
DECKER'S
518-20 Main
least goes home, those bi ns who are left around here will be working our tongues td the “bdnei” Many special broadcasts have been planned for the next month including a week at the State Fair in Indianapolis. Dick Pittenger, Mai Ross, Bob Schwomeyer, and yours truly will be down there "all during the fair. If you get there drop in at the Purdue Building and see us.
TODAY
Starting August 15th, Glen Paxton will inaugurate a new series of 16 minute programs over WB AA featuring the electric organ in Fowler Hall. Things should certainly be rolling when we get back in September.
Now that school is about out, you can put in more time listening to the radio. Do jt, it is your best and cheapest form of entertainment. And so, 73’s ’till September 9th.
By Stewart Wolfe,, (N. Y. Fair Representative) Vacatj^ for many students and townspe(Sple begins with the close of school. The New York World’s Pair is the magnet that is drawing thousands of mid-westerners out east. With admission prices reduced and concessions moderately priced, the Fair may be enjoyed by everybody. ft The major railroads have introduced luxury coach limiteds direct to the Fair from Chicago. With features such as observation cars, radios,'low priced meals, it is no wonder that many people are using this enjoyable way to New York.
There have been ,reams written on what to see at the Pair,\ but, that is the visitor’s own choice. There is so niuch free at the Fair that his expenses are very little. The beautiful colors made brilliant by flourescent lighting on alt the buildings make the night scene a veritable fairyland^ of blues, red brilliancies, and assorted conglomerations of the spectrum. . ‘ft Manhattan has forgotten its city slicker ways in an effort to become friends with the rest of the nation. Visitors arriving in the city can get any type of accommodations they wish, private homes, rooming houses, oir hotels, merely by applying to the Mayor’s World’s Fair Housing Bureau. These are located at all’entrances to New York at World’s Fair information booths. ft : " - ' The television display at the RCA exhibit is on your must list. Perhaps you will have the chance to
be televised. There are abolit 20 thousand lookers-in in New York City. The • Consolidated Edison^ Display feathres the City, of New Ydrk in’miniature in a block lon’^ display. The entrance to this building through a - curtain of water is one of the thrilling things at the exposition. 'ft ■ ■ . %: Your N. Y. Fair correspondent is going to sample one of those luxury limiteds on his'way home. Until then, we’ll be seeing you at the Fair.
■S'il
Classified Ads
FOR RENT—Modern three-room bachelor apartment for four. 334 Northwestern.
The University, of. Buffalo' has a unique collection of the work sheets-, notes and manuscripts of modern poets.
News Of The Week— ■ {Continued from page 1)
ensigns. Losses in the same raid farther downstream were set at over 500 casualties.
Mf. Climber Dies
ESTES PARK, Colo., Aug. 7— Rescurers today found the body of Gerald Clark, 30, Denver photographer, on a narrow ledge of the eastern scarp of Long’s Peak where he fell and was marooned in a snowstorm yesterday. Clark and two companions, all experienced climbers, began the ascent of the 14,000-foot peak early yesterday. Clark became stranded later When the three split up to climb “chimneys” which parallel the precipice. His buddies returned to the foot of the peak and notified rangers who fought for five hours before reaching the body.
• • •
Don’t wait until the fall term of school is here. Get Ready Now.
Send your Rugs — Drapes—'Bed Clothing — Curtains — Upholstered Furniture and the like to Crown for a thorough cleaning.
FINE CLEAMERS OF FINE GLOTHES Fine Cleaners of Fine Clothes Top of the Hill — On the Corner
• . /
ime
Time is important to the college student — Save as much as you can by riding in a Yellow
How To Repair
Your Own
First ^ Put your dirtiest clothes on so you can get under your car.
Second — Equip yourself with lots of good strong words such as “Dam,” “Oh Hang,” and such to use when oil falls in your eye or you lose a nut.
Third
“The Thinking Fellow Cglls a Yellow’’
YELLOW
CAB CO.
5023 Phones 3071
— Buy yourself a complete set of wrenches. These are necessary to let the oil and dirt fall on your nose. Also get some skin to graft on your fingers when the wrench slips.
Fourth — Be sure to get the best parts that money can buy. Anderson’s have these for you.
Fifth
- Be sure that you make the moving parts fit as specified by the manufacturer. This usually requires special equipment, but you can use your eye for precision. '
Sixth — Look to see that all wrenches, nuts and bolts are out of the motor. ,
Or if this seems like too much trouble, just call Anderson’s Garage. They’ll diagnose your trouble for you and then do a thorough job with the finest precision instruments aiid equipment.
Peter Anderson Co.
“After You We Come First” 525 Alabama Phone 4048
Ci
%
%