-':n;‘^sf:'*’^^®l|f£;(j!^& ■'’'-«s j-«.'-r , ,-5, •. . •
f ■
iilHIlillililllillllllilHIIIIIIIIIIIillilllHillHHIliniHllill^
Parade of Opinion
\\ Purdue Exponent
Tb-XU
WEDNESDAY Icmuory 18« 1939 Lo&iyette/ buliana
Vol. 50
No. 95
5 • A Week-by-Week Review s ^ S of College Thoughf and S g Action on Important Top- g S ics of the Day. s '* ^iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiniHiiiiiiiininiiiiiHiiHii;. • Peace ^ Far from cloistered have been U. S. halls of learning during the period of world-wide unrest that has Y made the citizens of ^11 nations wander far from the placideness of Ferdinand the Bull. Collegians and their teachers are taking an active f interest in the state of the world, and are becoming more belligerent when it comes to defending democracy. ^ Chief blow to the passive pacifism that in other years brought an ^ endorsement of the famed Oxford Oath “I won’t fight under any circumstances” was the abandonment ^ of the oath by the delegates to the conventions of the American Student Union and the National Stu- * dent Federation of America. Both meetings urged continued peace education, but more or less approved % the President’s rearmament policies. Presidential messages on rearmament brought a chorus of "yeas” from the collegiate press, with only here and there a scattered "nay.” ^ At the University of Virginia,'i^College Topics” stated the case for the supporters of the move like this: * “Pacifism and optimism insofar as world peace is concerned are admirable‘under normal conditions, 1 but Utopianlike and thoroughly dangerous while world affairs are in their present turbulent state. We are people who espouse and cham- * pion democracy—democracy faces unpredictable trouble. We are people who espouse and champion dis- ^ armament — at the present time, such action on our part, with the known status of the other powers on the subject, would be suicidal. Therefore, we must exercise sagacity in the administration of our government in order that it prove ^ itself the ultimate in social and economical government of the human race. We must prepare for the direct emergency in defense of our » standards and our country.” On the other side of the fence stand those who cheered Joseph c Day, who calls himself “one of the future cannon fodder,” when he sent a letter to the Southwestern University Megaphone which said: ^ "Perhaps, Mr. President, you don’t have the foresight and intelligence to see .that in all probability you ^ are signing the death warraiit of possibly a hundred thousand or of a million choice men.” • Diplomacy The humor that seems to make U. S. citizens less susceptible to hysteria and mass-ignorance didn’t fail to crop out in this crisis as it has in most others. The laugh orig- < inated when West Virginia University ra^embers of Phi Sigma Kappa fraternity staged a "Hitler Party” to which members came costumed * like Hitler. The German press, far (Continued on page 4)
A. H. Carter Opens Pest Operators' Conference With Talk In Tower Room
A. H. Carter, professor of architectural drawing at the University, described improved methods of construction for combatting termite damage before members of the third Annual Pest Operators Conf erence last night in the Mon tower room. “Termite ridden districts should protect sills and other timbers near the ground either by treating them with creosote or tar, or by covering them with metal,” he stated. He pointed out that failure to do this may often result in expensive and sometimes dangerous repairs. His talk was illustrated with detailed drawings and models. Following the talk was an open forum. Dr. T. E. Snyder, U. S'. Bureau of Entomology and Plant Quaran-* tine, considered to be the world’s foremost authority on fermites, also addressed the group. He stressed the importance of good foundations in eliminating termite hazards. Said Snyder, “I fail to see the economy of building a house with an unexcavated basement. True savings cannot be achieved through skimping on foundations.” Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department, directed the meeting. Other problems taken up by the conference yesterday dealt chiefly with rat and mouse control. The conclave will last through Friday afternoon. Schedule for today’s pest control sessions will be as follows: 9-12 a. m. Agricultural Building Room 103 Problems Arising in Relation to Fumigating—J. L. Horsfall, New York, N. Y. Hazards in Household Fumigation —I. L. Ressler, Wilmington, Del. Demonstration of use of Gas Masks and Other Precautions—W. H. Tomlinson, U.-'B. Bureau of Mines, Vincennes. Methods of Rearing Household Insects—F. L. Campbell, Ohio State University. 1:30-4:30 p.m. Agricultural Building Room 201 Identification of Immature Stages of Insects—H. 0. Deay, Purdue. Characteristic Injuries by WoodInfesting Insects—^T. E. Snyder, U. S. Bureau of Entomol- - ogy. New and Useful Insecticides Made from Derris, Resins, and Rotenone—^H. F. Whitmire, St. Louis, Mo. 7:30 p. m. Faculty Lounge Memorial Union Moving Pictures and Round Table Discussion.
After Finalsl-Registration... Far Seeing Students Thumb Schedules, Plan Courses
By Ermie Irwin Humm — mm, humm — mm, a rumbling undercurrent is heard amongst all the buzzing of frantic last-minute exam-griping. It is those practical, far-seeing students who are scheduling their classes, mumbling vaguely about eight o’clocks, joe-time, and that horror of Purdue—Saturday classes. Poor fools—^they painstakingly make out the ideal schedule all unaware that it will be hurriedly destroyed by those crimson cards swiftly fitting over the prized divisions in which they have entered themselves. And of just what does the ideal schedule consist? Well, it is an arbitrary question. There is that "I want to be seen” sort of fellow who wants a schedule with joe-time carefully intermingled with the least possible amount of classes. He really shouldn’t worry—in the seven years he’ll probably take to get through, he will be seen by all and rejected by most. Eight O’clock Abhorer Then there is the always present abhorer of eight o’clocks. His classes start at eleven a. m. and finish at two p. m. If he schedules
carefully he may work in twelve hours sleep a day. Counting lecture naps, of course. Still another hard-working soul arranges classes to end at noon in order to start t|be evening date at one p. m. It takes some of these people twelve hours to get anywhere, you know. Just what they do on eleven o’clock nights remains a mystery. Senior Struggles Thirdly, there comes the unhappy senior still hoping he can get out in his four winters and three summers by filling that schedule to the bursting point. He has seven o’clocks, four o’cloxjks, and all ranges of time possible on Saturdays. It would be easier to break the news of his fifth year to the old man than go on like that, if he but knew the truth. Lastly, we have the calm individual who can take life us it comes. He lets fate fill his schedule and peacefully sleeps through the eight o’clocks given him, and joes during the labs. So there are the schedules—take any type you wish — it will be changed anyway.
Bud Bryant, Campus Band Leader, Will Leave University Bud Bryant, electrical engineer who for the past five years has been leading the campus band that bears his name, will leave this Sunday for Schenectady, N. Y., where he will continue his career in the employ of General Electric. Saturday evening, from 9 o’clock until midnight. Bud will lead his band for his last mixer. Beginning five years ago as leader of Orv Ray’s orchestra, Bud has “fronted” the well-known local swingsters ever since. Bill Martin, first saxaphone with the band, will take over the reins as manager after Bud leaves, and A1 Kienly will wield the baton. Bill does a great deal of arranging for the band, and because of his skill, cannot be spared from the orchestra to lead it. Essentially, the band will remain the same, says Bud. Immediately preceding intermission Saturday evening. Bud will hand the baton over to A1 Kienly and will leave for Schenectady after the mixer. The usual mixer price of $1.00 per couple will prevail. Petition Deadline Set For 5 p. m. Today Thii’ty-two petitions had been taken out by freshmen seeking election to the Student Senate by the time the Senate Elections Committee closed its doors in the Union yesterday. These petitions must be signed by a specified number of students and returned to the office ^ by 5:00 p. m. today. At registration, eleven senators will be chosen, six from the engineering school and one from each of the five other schools. Of the petitions turned in, 18 have been from the engineei'ing school, five from the science school, four from the school of home economics, one from physical ed, and two from the agriculture school. Ciiemist To Address AChS Here Tomorrow Dr. Gustavus J. Esselen, Jr., president of Gustavus J. Esselen, Inc., Boston, will speak before the looUl chapter of the American Chemical Society tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock in the auditorium of the Biology Building. A widely known authority in the chemical world. Dr. Esselen will have as his subject, “Air Bubble Formation in Water as Revealed by Ultra Slow Motion Photography.” The lecture will be preceded by a dinner in the Union at which Dr. Esselen will be guest of honor. The dinner is open to students and faculty members interested and is priced at 65c per person. 1. W. Josselyn To Address AAUW Meeting Tonight L. W. Josselyn of the Purdue library staff will speak on "The Best Books” at the meeting of the junior branch of the American Association of University Women, to be held in rooms 1 and 2 of ^he Union at 7:30 o’clock tonight. Jean Har- _ vey and Marjorie Knott will act as hostesses at the meeting. Sigma Alpha Epsilon . . . announces the election of the following I'officers elected last Monday, January 9: Archon, Phillip Miller; Deputy Archon, Arthur Lutz; Recorder, Donald Wiest; Warden, Eugene Britt; and Herald, William Knapp.
Chemical Society Will Sponsor Criminology Conference Feb. 6 Lieutenant Don L. Kooken, supervising lieutenant of the Indiana State Police, will discuss “General Methods of Crime Control in Indiana,” at the crime detection confer^ ence to be held here Thursday aftternoon, February 2. Sponsored by the University section of the American Chemical Society, the conference will take up the chemical phases of crime detection and prevention. Kooken will be followed on^tKe program by Dr. R. N. Harger, professor of bio-chemistry at the Indiana University school of medicine, Indianapolis, who is to speak on “Analytical Toxicology.” Dinner in Union At a dinner in the Union Building following the afternoon session, the group will hear an address by Dr. W. D. McNally, toxicologist. Rush Medical school, and consulting toxicologist, Chicago, on “Criminal Poisoning, or Industrial Toxology.” “Use of Scientific Methods in Criminal Identification” will be the subject of Dr. J. H. Mathews, chairman of the department of chemistry, University of Wisconsin. He will stress particularly the uses of ballistics. Meetings of the crime conference will be open to all persons interested in criminology, according to officials in charge. Greenkeepers Meet Here For Conference Several of the University Agriculture specialists gave talks on the various phases of good green management yesterday before a group of 45 men representing Indiana, Illinois, Ohio, and Michigan at the 2nd annual Greenkeepers’ Conference being held here. M. L. Clevett of the Phs^ical education department arranged the conference, and it was held by the Division of Physical Education at Purdue in co-operation with a number of Indiana Golf associations. Presiding officer was Dr. George Scarseth.
Exponent... . . . publication for the period of finals will be changed to every other day and suspended altogether for a short time between semesters. Papers will be printed on Thursday, January 19; Saturday, January 21; Tuesday, January 24; and Thursday January 26. Daily publication will be resumed on Monday, January 30.
Instructor Injures Ankle Lyle Tussing, member of the education and applied psychology staff and graduate student, injured his ankle Monday while playing a game of handball on the instructors’ courts. He was taken to the Home Hospital where a cast was placed on his ankle. His condition is not serious and he is expected to be back on his feet soon.
Hall Tells Alpha Zeta Of Trends In Current Events' "Young people should make every effort to inform themselVes as much as possible on the increasingly important question of world affairs,” emphasized Prof. Frank Hall in his revealing talk on “Current Events” before fifty alumni and active members of Alpha Zeta attending a banquet in the Union last night. Bringing to light seemingly ofan X r L- D LI 11 scure facts affecting materially the t rOTrants. nail » present and future of American Agriculture, Professor Hall’s remarks held members of the agricultural honorary fraternity. Alpha Zeta, in rapt attention. Contrasting our position as a nation with that of foreign nations under dictatorships, he made several statements which would place him, along with his audience, “in concentration camps” were we in certain other countries today. "Present world craze for rearmaments involves agriculture and business in the United States more than we realize,” Hall pointed out. Aimaments are expensive. Investment in armaments is bound to reduce buy-
ing power.
That our present Neutrality Act is costing the United States was vividly revealed. By taking a positive neutrality stand in the case of war, we are not allowed to sell to those nations in battle. Thus we have every nation expending great effort and expense to become self sustaining during peace as a preparatory measure. Naturally such policies and practices are making great inroads into' our export mar-
kets.
... of the history, economics, and government department, who addressed members and alumni of Alpha Zeta, agricultural honorary, at their banquet in the Union last night. Hall spoke to the group on
“Current Events.”
Board To Let Music Hail Contract Today Taking steps to cover the gigantic hole in back of the Administration Building, the Board of Trustees will let the contract for the new Music Hall in a board meeting at 10 a. m. this morning, according to David E. Ross of Ross Gear, chairman of the board. Bids have been received but the companies placing them will remain unknown until the meeting opens, iRoss stated. The foundation, built by A. E. Kemmer, of Lafayette, at a cost of $26,800, was completed ahead of schedule late in the fall. PWA grants indicate that the finished hall, which will seat the entire student body, will cost in the neighborhood of $1,000,000. Civil Honorary Re-elecis Fred Farr As President Chi Epsilon, national civil engineering honorary society, re-elected Fred Farr as chapter president at a meeting last Monday night in room B of the Union. Plans were also discussed for the Road School smoker next Monday, sponsored by Chi Epsilon, and for furnishing the reading room in the Civil Engineering Building. Other officers elected at the meeting were: John Goshorn, vice-presi-dent; Franklin Moses, secretary; Frank Toy, treasurer; and Kenneth Houston, associate editor of Transit, the society’s official publication.
“But, worse than this is the fact that our Neutrality Act does not make us neutral at all in that we may be rendering material assistance to the wrong nations by refusing to sell,” he continued. Going further to point out the effect of foreign affairs on the midwest, seemingly ((isolated from outside world strife. Hall described the American people as they gradually become infected with war hysteria. The resulting feeling of insecurity, especially among young people makes for a definite lack of stability, even here. Making no definite prophesy as to the coming of a major European war. Hall did point out that we are becoming more sympathetic to our Latin American neighbors, that we are beginning to take a definite stand on the refugee question, and are wondering about our reciprocal trade agreements, supposedly set up for peace. The fraternity of Alpha Zeta is essenitally a service organization concerned with the improvement of rural America, socially and economically. Proceeding Professor Hall on the banquet program was Vernon Hitchcock, reporting on a national Alpha Zeta Conclave held during the Christmas 'vacation. Questions which Professor Hall brought up had some direct correlation with remarks coming from the national meeting of agricultural men, likewise concerned with world affairs.
Theta Tau...
. . . professional engineering fraternity, announces the pledging of Kenne^i D. Swander, Albany.
Semester News Passes In Review
By Jim McKee Saturday, September 10—Qrientation begins in Fieldhouse. Expect 2,100 new students, Thursday, September 16—J. M. Rudolph named cadet colonel in^ command of corps. R. R. Hannas named second in command. Registration estimated at 6,343. Eleven hundred vote in senate elections. Saturday, September 17—Golds beat Blacks 28-12 in intersquad football game. Brock, Ippolito, and Mihal standouts. Frosh parade before game. Pi Phis let contract for new house. Thursday, September 22—Fraternities pledge 372. SAE leads with 26 pledged. Friday, September 23—First pep session held. Elward, Humphrey, and Mihal speakers.
Saturday, September 24—Boilermakers defeat Detroit 19-6. Seniors parade. Tuesday, September 27 — Contract for WRH awarded. Thursday, September 28—Charm schools open. Mason and Cabonargi discuss women. Saturday, October 1—Brock and Brown beat Butler 21-6. Formal rush starts with open house teas, following meeting in Union. Tuesday, October 4—Leon Jacobsson appointed senior Activities Bureau Director. Wednesday, October 5 — Senate approves Activities Bureau. Thursday, October 6—Pep session held for Gopher tilt. March to station from village. Sorority Preference dinners held.
Friday, October 7 — Sororities pledge 126 girds. Saturday, October 8 — Gophers do'wn Boilermakers 7-0. Contracts let for Union Annex and Chemical Engineering Building. Tuesday, October 11—Marcosson speaks at convo. POMM names 50 pledges. ThuKday, October 13—Team going to New York for Fordham contest. Friday, October 14—Gold Diggers Dance in Union, Edwards, Cabonargi, and Mason chosen most, eligible men on campus. Satur day, October 16—Purdue in tie game with great Fordham football eleven 6-6. Brock scores after long offensive drive. (Continued on page 3)SdibftiaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^eaJtuASLSu
Wednesday, January 18,1939
Student Honesty... . . . will be a consideration of major importance during the next 11 days while students are putting the finishing touches on this semester’s education by taking final examinations. It is now, therefore, appropriate to review the customs of the University in regard to cheating—especially for the freshmen who have not yet received first hand instruction on the question. It also is appropriate to point out some of the ways in which both faculty and students may cooperate in keeping examinations fair and square. Purdue has no traditional “honor system.” Such a system, to work satisfactorily, requires that all students be willing to report any case of dishonesty they may see. Purdue students aren’t built that way. Instead, Purdue has the basic elements of a sensible proctoring system designed to remove the temptation of cribbing and copying. The basic elements are all there—but we need to have both students and instructors educated in the use and appreciation of such a system. Popular among sophisticated upperclassmen is the definition: “The Purdue honor system—every fourth seat in every third row, with an instructor to watch every man.” Are the students who use this expression disgruntled because a desire to cheat has been thwarted ? Or are they insulted because they have not been left strictly on their honor? We believe most of them just say it to have something to gripe about, but it does show their attitude toward student honesty. Actually, The Trouble... . . . with Purdue’s proctoring system is that it isn’t well understood and is not uniformly applied. There are as many different variations in use as there are instructors. Some professors read books, pretend not to hear whispered conversations, let students leave the room “for a smoke.” Others seem to believe everyone tries to cheat. They search earnestly for cribs, get fiendish pleasure from catching a cheater. The first type make it too easy and attractive to crib and swap answers. The second type insult the intelligence of a student by declaring him guilty until proven innocent. Instructors Should Assume... . . . two important responsibilities. They should see that no student is given the opportunity to cheat, and they should construct their examinations so that cribbing or copying will be of no avail. To carry out the first it is necessary for students to be seated far enough apart that their neighbor’s paper will not be a constant temptation. Beyond that it is only required that instructors keep their eyes open and insist on order and complete quiet. The second responsibility is by far the more important. Nearly any sort of an examination can be written so that cheating is wellnigh impossible. Mixing up the order of questions on a true-false test accomplishes this. Questions requiring such discussion of a subject that the student must adequately demonstrate his knowledge cannot be answered from cribs . . . only whispered conversation can be used. The main temptation in taking a problem test is to bring along a crib listing the necessary formulae. To curb this the instructor can profitably give his students these formulae to begin with. There can never be any practical gain from memorizing them— and every student might as well have the same chance. From the Student Standpoint.. . . . cheating is nothing more nor less than a useless waste of time and money. It also, of course, is morally wrong . . . but to reiterate that is superfluous: every well-bred person in the United States knows it from early childhood. From another point of view it is a gamble against top-heavy odds. The University ordinarily places pretty stiff penalties on the one who is caught. The basic disadvantage of cheating is its wastefulness, however. Those who do indulge in it merely have not had this truth proved to them. A very smart person may get away with cheating and receive an undeserved good grade. In doing so, however, he will have spent considerable time in devising and constructing a crib. He will take the test under
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage' provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor L. S. Hardin City Editor .. —D. A. Bailey Associate Editors. ..G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, B. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrlo, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager — E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager — W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager —H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager — — W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Hennlnger » CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor R, L. McDonald Associate Editors. J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deokard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room -D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indians Phone 6038 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 MADtsoN Ave. New York. N. Y. Chicaso ■ Boston ' Los Anoilis - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue UniversHy. AH opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Woodson Issue Editor—Heiple Wednesday, January 18, 1939
AIEE Brings Hi-Speed Movie Here Tonight ^ ^Students who attended the Higpeed Movie, “Seeing the Unseen,”, were astounded when they witne.s.sed the actions of seveial phe.^ nomena in slow-motion made po.sfcible by the Extia Hi-Speed Camera. The movie consisted of twp reels loaned the University by M. I. T. and sponsored by the AIEE. This camera differs from the ordinary movie-camera in respect to
lighting and constiuction of the .shutters. The Extra Hi-Speed Camel a operates without opening and closing shutters and with a special lighting system consisting of a mer-cury-arc which permits lightningiike speed. In order to show the slow-motion flight of a house-fly it was necessary to run 6,000 pictures per second accomplished successfully by the Hi-Speed Cameia. Other phenomena seen were the slow-motion bursting of a soap-bub-ble, the take-off of a homing pigeon, and the dart of a snake's tongue. A picture showing the ac-
tual gurgling of a gurgle was humorously illustrated because many people have heard a gurgle gurgling but few have seen one. For the benefit of those who could not attend yesterday’s movie, it will be shown tonight at 7:30 in the ME building.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lklrty
a nervous strain because of the necessary stealthiness he must emplpy. If he had spent the same time studying, nine times out of ten he would have learned everything that he wrote on the crib. , An average person will usually waste so much time trying to read his neighbor’s paper from an eye-punishing angle that he is hardpressed to finish his own work. This wasted time may lead to a lower test grade than an honest method would have given ... and there is no one more ludicrous and less deserving of sympathy than the habitual cheater who comes back from a test moaning that he had the right answer, but changed it for a wrong one his pal on the left had. The honest student will graduate with a $3,000 education and a long string of B grades. The cheater will get out into the world with a flashy set of A’s and a repertoire of clever cribbing tricks—but without a nickel's worth of education. Money and time wasted. A student can look over the situation from his own side of the fence. He knows who cheats and how often. He can see that those who make an everyday practice of stealing answers are not usually the ones who achieve the honoraries and make the distinguished lists. He knows that the person who gets by in the easy way at school will do the same thing in later life. In The Back... ... of their minds most students realize the things we have mentioned above. They never really intend to become answer-pilferers. Then along comes an easy chance to cheat. The student has work piled up neck high and has no chance to study. He says to himself, “I’ll just copy this once and never again.” That might be all right except the temptations never cease and the work never slackens, so the weak student falls into the cheating habit. It may give him a good grade but it also imparts a false sense of confidence in his own knowledge which will inevitably lead to disaster ... either in a later exam, a following course, or on his first job where he attempts to draw on a $3,000 education which is still on somebody else’s paper. We know this sounds like just another way of saying “crime does not pay.” Nevertheless we also know that it is unvarnished truth. We could have threatened the answer stealers with a recitation of the customary University penalties ... but we preferred to show the financial fallacy of cheating. Suffice it to say that the penalties are amply stiff but still minor in comparison with the criminal waste of time and money.
Approaching finals remind us of the meanest’man ? A professor, who when assured that students had studied hard for a three hour exam, said if that was the case he wouldn’t give it. And didn’t. Boy this really smells, but who cares? Doesn’t it always? If all the would-be B and B editors were laid end to end, what an odor that would be. Rantings from the mad Russian received in English 1 a la Gertrude Stein. Geese is a heavy set bird with a head on one side and tail on the other. Some geese is gander and has curie in his tail. Ganders don’t lay or set. They just eat, loaf, and go swimming. If I had to be a geese I would rather be a gander. Geese do not give milk, but give eggs, but for me give me liberty or give me death. Dirt Insert; Seen on the campus about 10 p. m. last night; JOHN WOZNY showing a girl (it was too dark to recognize her) the excavations. FLASH!—Feather merchants invade Sig Ep dorm. Ask WILLIAMSON. Those of you who have read this far be warned . . . the going gets worse from now on . . . you see we are not going to change the tone of this at all . . . we have now, for instance, not even the remotest suspicion of what’s going to be in the next paragraph . . . wow! It is rumored that we lost to Indiana last night but then you know these rumors. POME BY PUNCHY-— Say it with flowers. Say it with sweets, Say it with kisses, Say it with eats, Say it with jewelry, Say it with drink— But be d careful, Don’t say it with ink. With all this digging there should be more dirt but there just ain't. La-de-doo.
‘Slug’s time was up six months ago but he just can’t tear himself away from his creation!”
Collegiate
Massachusetts State College has just begun a continuous moving picture history of student and faculty activities at the college. —C— Daitmouth College is one of the few U. S. colleges that has an officially recognized student fire department. —C— A new kind of nut cracker is the latest research development of a University of California scientist. It explodes the shell from the inside. —C— Exactly 125 students work on the 11 student publications at Fordham University.
Cornell Scholarships Available For Grads Cornell University College of Engineei'ing of Ithaca, N. Y., has offered a number of scholarships and fellowships in engineering foi; 19391940 open to graduates of accredited colleges of engineering. Twelve John McMullen graduate scholarships of an annual value of $1,000 for students interested in pursuing research and working for an advanced degree, as well as the Elon Huntington Hooker fellowship in hydraulics in Europe or America, are available. ■ Additional scholarships in engineering offered by the Cornell Graduate School in civil engineering include the McGraw fellowship, $400 a year and free tuition; a University Graduate Fellowship, $200 a year and free tuition; in mechanical engineering, the Sibley Fellowship, $400 a year and free tuition; the Edgar J. Meyer Memorial Fellowship, $400 a year and free tuition; and in electrical engineering, the Charles Bull Earle Memorial Fellowship, $400 a year and free tuition. Applications should be sent either to the dean of the Cornell College of Engineering or the dean of the graduate school before March 1.
Enlarged NY A Grant Enables University T o Aid 700 Students ^ With an increase in the total amount of funds dispersed to the * various colleges, the University this year received $7,260 per month for NYA work, nine per cent more than » last year. With this total amount received, about 700 students are employed every month according to G. R. Sharp, supervisor of NYA work here. Figures released by NYA Administrator Aubrey Williams show a total of 312,893 students employed by the student aid program, an in- A crease of 68,000 over last year. Indiana enrollment statistics for this year show a total of 701 schools t receiving NYA money and 9,378 students employed.
NOW PLAYING
A special fraternity for married women students has been founded at Louisiana State University. It’s called Phi Lambda Pi.
Morgan College has the longest run of football games without defeat. It has not been beaten since 1932, but has been tied seven times.
-TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE
RKO RADIO Uuih Hit with Ruth Donuelty, BradlBy Pagu, Ralph Forties, Frances Mercer. — PLUS —
WAYNE MORRIS PRISCILLA LANE — in — WVE^ HONOR AND BEHAVE
— STARTS TOMORROW —
DOUBLE FEATURE
NIGHT HAWK
Peter Lorre
with
in
Robert
THINK PAST
Livingston
MR. MOTO
LORETTA YOUNe RKWOOIEENE WALTER BRENNAN DOUGLAS OUMBRILL! KAREN MORLEY MORONI OLSEN A 20lh Century-Fox Picture
ARC
LAST DAY-
CAUOHT IN A WEB OF LOVE AND
LUMA — LAST DAY— LLOYD NOLAN GAIL PATRICK — IN — "ALCATRAZ ISLAND" — and — lOHN HOWARD MARY CARLISLE — IN — TOUCHDOWN ARMY^
TOMORROW-FRIDAY SATURDAY lOHNNY MACK BROWN — in — "BOOT HILL BRIGADE^ — and — PRESTON FOSTER — in — "THE LAST WARNING"
BUCK . JONES. coivmi/k pictitiU
— ALSO — 'Spider's Web," Serial
THURSDAY-FRIDAY SATURDAY SPRINGTIME IN THE ROCKIES TIP-OFF GIRLS LONE RANGERWednesday, Jonuory 18.1939
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Phillips Predicts One Of Best Track Teams In Last Ten Years “With the material available in the sophomore class and with but one man lost through graduation, I think we should have one of the best track teams we have had in ten years,” commented Coach Hermon Phillips recently at the initial meeting of the trackmen for the 1939 season. “Track is not easy; but as an amateur sport it supplies the maximum amount of enjoyment regardless of whether or not you obtain the goal for which you are striving,” he said. Temporary assignments in the vaMay 6—Illinois Dual meet (here). May 12—Cotton Carnival (Memphis, Tenn.) May 20—Conference Meet (at iMiChigap). - May 27—State Meet (at Soiitth Bend): June 2-^Central Intercollegiate Meet (at Milwaukee, Wis.) June 17—National Intercollegiate Meet (at Berkeley, Cal.) June 21—Pacific Coast-Big Ten Meet (at Los Angeles, Cal.) 15 Boxers Prepare For Golden Gloves Bouts In February Final exams interrupted the preparations of boxing coach “Punchy” Maxwell’s 15 hopefuls for the Golden Gloves tournament which they plan to enter on February 8. The tournament actually opens on January 24, but the Boilermaker fighters do not enter until February 8. Bacharach, 160 pound star of the squad has not been working regularly this semester b^ause of a heavy schedule, but will be able to begin regular practice after finals. Uockewdcz, hteavyweight, suffered a dislocated shoulder, and has left the squad with only one man in this class. Another change in the lineup finds Currie taking the place of Franklin in the 118 pound class.
rious events according to previous pei’formance are as follows: Resnick, Shackelton, Luther, Simmons, and Tycocki in the quarter mile; Bodeau, in the half mile; Knapp in the mile; Vergane, Winchell, .Weber, Kessler, and Kinyon in the shotput; and Rankin and Tycocki in the hurdles. Practice' began January 6, the day after Christmas vacation ended. Phillips stated that his main interest at present is to win the triangular meet against Indiana and Notre Dame. With other conference schools losing heavily through graduation, the squad expects to have a very successful season this year. Schedule Schedule for indoor and outdoor season is as follows: Indoor Feb, 3—Butler (here). Feb. 14—Indiana (here) dual relay. Feb. 18—Illinois Relays at Champaign, 111). Feb. 25—^Wisconsin, Chicago (at Chicago). Mar. 4—Open. Mar. 11—Conference Meet (at Chicago), Mar. 18—Butler Relays (at Butler). Mar. 25—Chicago Relays (at Chicago). Outdoor April 15—Michigan State (here). April 22—Wayne University (here). April 28-29—Drake or Penn Relays.
VARIETY ECONOMY Here you may enjoy your favorite dishes and acquaint yourself with delicious new ones. QUICK SERVICE The two fast-moving lines save time when you eat IN THE CAFETERIA JhsL ffljuJhdufL TyimufooL UnlofL The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
Net Team Suspends Practice For Study During Finai Exams Smarting from the effects of two consecutive conference losses at the hands of Iowa and Indiana, the Boilermaker Basketeers have discontinued their scheduled practices until next Monday in order to devote this much needed time to final exams. Starting Monday the netters will practice whenever they are free; I then they’ll swing into a full schedule on Friday or Saturday. After the examination period the Boilermakers will make a two game home stand with high hopes of returning to winning ways. Meeting Wisconsin on Monday, February 6, and Illinois on Saturday, February 11, the Purdue squad should bq in full power to battle in defense of last year’s Big Ten title. Captain Gene Anderson, who has not been playing in his usual effortless style since the Southern California game, should be recuperated completely to spark the Boilermakers in the conference race. Herschelman, sophomore guard who had recovered from a similar injury to lead the Purdue quintet in its losing battle against the Hawkeyes, will undoubtedly add to the Boilermaker strength. Bog Igney’s excellent showing against the Hoosiers on Monday night indicates that he will have to play a big part in future Boilermaker scoring. Reeck To Hold Light Workouts For Team During Exam Period Light work-outs in order to keep the'team in good physical condition were Coach Reeck’s plans for the remainder of the month. Pleased with the fight which the team put up in the meet with Northwestern. The schedule for the coming semester: Feb. 6—Chicago, here. Feb. 11—Illinois State Norm., there Feb. 17—Chicago, there. Feb. 18—Armour Tech, there. Feb. 24—Illinois State Normal, here Feb. 25—Wheaton, there. Mar. 3—Kent, here. Mar. 10-11—Big Ten Tournament, at Chicago. Mar. 18—AAU Meet, Indianapolis.
When Branch McCracken, coach of the Crimson basketball team, met Bud Foster, Badger mentor, before the game at Bloomington Saturday, the two were facing each other as coaches for the first time, but they had met before as players on their two University basketball squads a few years ago. The team of younger coach, McCracken, was the victor Saturday. -B-T-B— At this stage in the basketball season Huffman of Indiana leads the conference in the number of personal fouls committed, with 13 in four games. Voigts of Northwestern and Weigandt of Wisconsin each have 12, while Lynch of Ohio State has 11 in three games and Butheris of Northwestern has 11 in four contests. Three men, Hapac and Wardley of Illinois and Maki of Minnesota each have 10 fouls. —B-T-B— Ben Stephens, Iowa ace who is tied for the scoring lead of the conference with Dehner of Illinois, has the most free throws, 20, while Dehner has 18. Stampf, Maroon center is next with 13. Dehner and Kundla Minnesota leader, each have 18 baskets, while Stephens and Ohio State’s Hull each have 17. -B-T-B-Worst offenders as a team are the Hoosiers, who have committed 62 personals in four games. The Badgers have committed 53, Northwestern 52, and Iowa 49. Ohio State, in only three games, has 46 personal fouls chalked up against it. —B-T-B— Illinois has averaged 10 free tosses per contest, with a total of 40. Iowa has made 39. Purdue and Ohio State have each made 28 in three games. Northwestern has made the least, 25. The 10 teams have piled up a total of field goals, 456, which is exactly the same as the total number of personal fouls, or one basket for every foul. —B-T-B— Winners in the 19 games played so far have had slightly more than an eight point edge over their victims, averaging 36.84 to 28.47. Illinois has averaged eight points more than its opponents, while Wisconsin, with a 50-50 average, has averaged almost seven points a game
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Opjsosite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Professional
R. |. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A RISK—D.DS. Schultz Building 4h and Main Phone 5701
• Printing
• Florists
IervTe r^RINTING Offict stationery . . 0 I Weddina InvIUllont PHONE ■ Book.,Etc..„ 2628 CASSEL'S dOSFERRV
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
215 N. 8th St.
OIL PAINTFNG PORTRAITS
ONE DOLLAR EACH
Four Positions to Choose From JACOBSON STUDIO
Phone 71451
Varsity Tank Squad Weakened By Loss Of Ace Free Styler While not discouraged over the swimming team’s defeat by the Wildcats, Coach Larry LaBree is rather pessimistic about the squad’s chances in dual meet and conference competition this year. Northwestern has one of the strongest teams in years and figures to be at or near the top in the Big Ten. Dogged by misfortune, the Boilermaker swimmers face the possible loss of several of their keymen due to ineligibility. ^ Captain “Red” Lahey, ace Purdue free styler, is definitely out of competition for this year due to the recurrence of an old leg injury. Fahrner, number three divei, is also on the injured list. On February 10 the Boilermakers meet the Illini in the Fieldhouse pool for their second Big Ten dual meet. One of the biggest events on the Purdue sports schedule for this spring will be the Big Ten Championship swimming meet to be held in the Fieldhbuse pool in March. This will be the first time that the championships in swimming ha^’* been held at Purdue.
less than Badger opponents. _b-t-b— Hull of Ohio State, has the best average of points per game, 14. The leaders, Stephens and Hull, have averaged 13.5 points per game. No team has averaged a point a minute. -B-T-B-Following'is a list of scoring leaders for each team with their total points, the^ team’s points, and percentage of their team’s total points, which they have scored, compiled to the nearest five-tenths:
Player
Pts
TP
Pet.
Stephens, Iowa
54
131
41.0
Hull, Ohio State
45
114
39.5
Dehner, Illinois
54
146
37.0
Kundla, Minnesota
40
139
29.0
Lounsbury, Chic.
28
108
26.0
Vance, Nor’west’n
28
117
24.0
Dupee, Wisconsin
24
107
22.5
Fisher, Purdue
25
112
22.5
Thomas, Michigan
25
117
21.5
Armstrong, Ind.
30
149
20.0
Kansas State College has sent ten head of its unique white poultry to Sweden where the animals will be used in genetics experiments.
NEW! We Announce the Arrival of Exquisite QUAKER LACE Dinner Cloths Every woman who loves a pretty home will want to see these pretty new creations. 72 X 72 size $4.00-$5.75 63x83 size $5.75 72x90 size $5.00-$6.95 . $12.50-$15.00 ORGANDY RUFFLINGS New line just arrived—all colors. Fine for trimming aprons and print dresses. lOcyd. THIEME & WANGERIN COMPANY 622-626 Main Street
Cue Artisfs in Third Of Six Tournaments Battle Toward Finals Continuing their mid-winter billiaid season, the Boilermaker cue men have launched themselves into a series of six tournaments with the leaders competing in a seventh match. A gold watch fob has been presented for this competition by Charles C. Peterson, undisputed Red Ball Champion of the world. In honor of the donor the final tournament will be played at Red Ball billiards; the first time that game will have been played here. As entries for the 3rd of the six tournaments will be closed at noon, Thursday, January 19, anyone who has overlooked opportunity to sign up is asked by F. E. Whitney to do so now. Many have already been eliminated in each of the tournaments and all present entries who do not play one or more matches before noon Thursday, January 19, will be subject to forfeit. Leaders in the 14.1 Pocket Billiards are D. J. Forbes and P. H. Weisman who have each won two games and lost none, while P. Bigelow and E. M. Golonka have won one and lost none. R. F. Kirkpatrick is leading the novices in the Stoaight Rail division with two victories and no defeats, while H. D. Mangus, W. I. Roberts, R. D. Spitzer, K. R. Merchant, J. W. Chester, and F. W. Taylor are close oiy his heels with one victory each. In the open division of the Straight Rail F. W. Taylor has two wins against no losses with D. J. Foibes close behind with one victory.
Semester News ~ (Continued from page 1)
Wednesday, October 19 — Bob Crosby signed for Military Ball. Engineers go on annual fall inspec-
tion trips.
Thursday, October 20—Contract for Music Hall foundation let. Friday, October 21—Band leads students and alumni in Homecoming pep session. Saturday, October 22—^Purdue downs Badgers 13-7. Pi Phis and Phi Gams win Homecoming decoration contest. Tuesday, October 25—Helen Jepson sings to packed house at convocation. 245 foreign students enrolled in University. Wednesday, October 26 — Playshop opens season with “Room
Service.”
Thursday, October 27 — Ruth Bennett wins Lodde Contest. Friday, October 28 — Football squad leaves for Iowa. Irvan Maury plays for Barnyard Frolic. Saturday, October 29—^Inspired Iowa football team holds Purdue
to 0-0 tie.
Sunday, October 30 — Reverend Fulton Sheen talks at first religious convocation. Tuesday, November 1—DeGarmo, Cary Hall, chosen Green Potter
president.
Thursday, November 3—Football team enti-ains for Ohio State. PSA holds political forum. Saturday, November 5 — Purdue trips Ohio State 12-0. Indiana Academy of Science pays tribute to former Purdue scientists, Stanley Coulter and Joseph Arthur. Sunday, November 6 — Haiold Triggs and Joseph Lautner play in Fowler Hall as part of Union Music Room progiam. Tuesday, November 8—Dr. Heiser, globe trotter speaks at convocation. No holiday for Indiana game. Wednesday, November 9 — Gil Ti edway wins campus walking race. Thursday, November 10—Hockema speaks at Activities Bureau leadership school. Friday, November 11—Bob Crosby plays for 650 couples at Military Ball. Scabbard and Blade pledges 36. Cary Hall contracts let. Wednesday, Kovember i^wSGA Culture Conference starts.
Friday, November 18—Torchlight parade in preparation for lU game Indiana takes Big Ten distance title. Indiana victory chimes stolen by Boilermaker sextet. Twenty-three spend night in Bloomington jail.
Ector’s Note; muine of a»8t mmeeter setivitiee will ke contbutod ta tke the EXPONENT, to he enhllshed Thursday. January^CocaL CULl.
THE POBDUE EXPONENT
^oflroA.
Wednesday, Jcmuary 18,1939
Semester Final Exams For 1st 3 Periods
The following abbreviations are used for departments and buildings; AD—Applied Design Ag—Agriculture Agr—Agronomy AgCh—Agricultural Chemistry AJE—Agricultural Engineering AH—Animal Husbandry AM—Applied Mechanics TSf—Biology ChE—Chemical Engineering Chem—Chemistry ChemAn—Chemistry Laboratory Annex CE—Civil Engineering C&T—Clothing and Textiles DH—Dairy Husbandy EA—Engineering Administration Econ—Economics « Ed—Education EE—Electrical Engineering Engl—English Ent—Entomology FHG—Field House Gymnasium FMgt—Farm Management F&N—Foods and Nutrition For—^Forestry GE—General Engineering Geol—Geology G—Michael Golden Shops Gov—Government Heav—Heavilon Hall Hist—^History HA—Home Administration ^ HE—Home Economics Hort—Horticulture IM—Institution Management Math—Mathematics MM—Materia Medica ME—Mechanical Engineering Met—Metallurgical Engineering MT—Military Training ML—Modern Languages PhC—Pharmaceutical Chemistry Phar—Pharmacy PE—Physical Education for Men PEW—Physical Education for Women Phys—Physics Poul—Poultry Psy—Psychology Pur—Purdue Hall Kec—Recitation Building \ Sm—Smith Hall SC—Stanley Coulter Hall Soc—Sociology Spch—Speech Univ—University Hall No. 2—Building No. 2 The examination will be taken only at the time indicated in the schedule except in case of conflicts foi' irregular students. Any such conflicts must be adjusted by consultation with the instructor in charge before the opening of examinations. Examination periods for graduate courses should be arranged with instructor if they are not scheduled. *Examinations will be held in the same rooms in which the divisions regulai'ly recite. Period 1 WEDNESDAY, JAN. 18, 1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Room AgCh 109....A11 Ag 117 Agr 25 All Ag 206, 209
AH 4 A Agios AH 4 B * AH 4 C AH 104 ah 4 D AE 202 AH 110 All * AM 102 All Pur 101 B 3 All SC 114 B 140 All SC 103 Chem 109....A11 ^ Chem 205.... All Chem 320 Chem 275 All Chem 106 Chem 288 All Chem 220 CE41 A-D CE308 CE41 E-H CE201 CE 41 1, J CE 101 CE 201 All * C&T 23 Special * DH 11 All * Econ 11 J .'i SC 14 Econ 230 All * Ed 17PEM...A11 * EE 192 All EE 129 Engl 19 .H Univ 309 Engl 138 .. All ; Univ 201 F&N 25 All * GE 12 -A11....G 201, 203, 301, 303 HA 67 All * HA 150 All HE 109 Hort 131 All * IM 201 All * MT 5 All * MT 15 All * ML 51 A,B,E,XF ME 108 ML 51 C,D,F ME 207 Phar 140 All * PE 9 N,0,P Ed 101 PEW 61 A,B SC 211 PEW 61 C Phys 202 PEW 61 D GlOl PEW 61 E Ed 201 Phys 124 All * Soc 180 All * Spch 14 V * Period 2 THURSDAY, JAN. 19, 8-11 A. M. Course Divisions Room B 112 All * B 161 All SC 14 Chem 29 All Ed 101, 201 Chem 31 All * Chem 33 All Chem 320 Chem 111 All Chem 121.... All Chem 420 Chem 279 All Chem 220 C&T 2 A * C&T 2 B HE 107 C&T 2 C HE 109 C&T 2 D HE 202, 213 EE 186 All * Engl 6 A,B SC 211 Engl 139.... All Univ 202 Fmgt 222 All Ag 104 F&N 134 All HE 216 F&N 136... .All HE 216 F&N 136.... All HE 216 HA 151 All *
Take Care, Prospective Pan-Hellenic Oatesl Strategy, Careful Planning Quite Useful
ROOMS FOR RENT
WANTED—Co-ed to share large front room, second semester. New single beds. Phone 76264.
MM 17
...All
*
Math 171-
...All
Math 226-
...All
Rec 226
ME 30
-P.Q
ME 301,306
ME 296
...All
♦
Met 109
....Special ...
Met 236
...All
*
MT 7
...A.11
MT 17
-..All
iK
ML 65
...All
*
PE 9
...I
CE 201
PE 9
...J
ME 108
PE 9
...K
ME 207
PE 9
...L
CE 308
PE 9
...M
G 101
Phys104-
....All
Phys 105-
....All
Phys 228-
....All
Soc 50
...All
EE 129
Spch 16
...D
*
Spch 51
...All
Period 3 THURSDAY, JAN. 19, 1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Room AD 55 All No. 2, 202, 204 AD 106 All * AgCh 107....B,C Ag 103,104 AE 11 All AE 201,202, 204 Chem 1 BH-BR Ed 101,105 Chem 112....All * Chem 117....A11 Chem 106, Ed 201, 208 CE 62 All * CE 224 All * Ed 17 B * Ed 123 All * EE 50 All « EE 129 EE 110 All * Engl 111 All * Engl 121a....A * Engl 125 All * Engl 137 All * Ent 20 All Ag 117 Ent 201 All - * GEll A,B * GE 127 All * HA 9 All ■ HE 202, 213 Hort 29 All ...' Hort 202, 210 ME 30...: R,S ME 301, 306 ME 31 1 ME 308 ME 193a All * ML 127 All * PEW 71 All ChemAn 208 Physl&21..A,C,D,I ME 207 Phys 1&21..B,J,M,Y ME 108 Physl&21..E,N,Z G 101 Phys 1&21..F,0,Q Phys 202 Phys 1& 21 G,P,U CE308 Phys 1& 21 H,T SC 14 Phys 1& 21. K,AB,AD..Phys 206, 207 Phys 1&21..L,X Phys 204, 205 Phys 1&21..R,V,AA SC 211 Phys 1 & 21..S,W,AC EE 254 Phys 223 All Phys 104 Spch 106... All *
By Marie Butz Special to the fellows on the campus! You are probably all aware of the fact that the Pan-Hellenic dance is drawing near. As a matter of fact, many of you no doubt have been scheming and planning for a bid from that certain girl, for this is one time when the co-eds have the opportunity of asking anyone they please. They might even work up enough courage to call their secret heroes, and, don’t worry—all you present boy friends—the secret heroes will accept. It will require strategy and careful planning if you intend to divert their interests from this hero and put yourself in the limelight, but you do have a chance. Getting an early start, you have probably already tried to work yourself up in her estimation by coke dates, shows, and even a mixer or two. If, in ad*dition to all this, a good “line” and perhaps some flowers fail to bring forth any special results, you may become discouraged. There is still one last ray of hope, however—one which can hardly fail to work. The Super-Solution Now, girls all like to go places— especially to the big dances, and this is the cue to the solution of your problem, for it would only be a point of courtesy on the part of the girl to return a favor—^if you should happen to ask her to an important occasion. With the Pan-
Hellenic dance on February 24, almost a month away, your worries are practically over, for the Triad dance on February 3 and the Interfraternity Ball on February 10, afford excellent chances for you to carry out your plans . . . and, just as a sideline, you fellows are not the only ones who look forward to these occasions and jump at an opportunity to go. So just pick out your “secret dream,” if you wish, ask her to go, and you will be assured of a date to the Pan-Hellenic dance— maybe!
FOR RENT—^Two double rooms, single beds, innerspring mattresses, stoker heat, automatic water heater, 2 blocks from campus. Available second semester. 433 Vine street.
FOR RENT—Single room. Call 6714.
’Tis True: The University of New Mexico student council has petitioned the library to remain open more hours of the week!
Two University of Chicago political science professors were elected to public office in the recent election.
Classified Ads
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—^All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as 329.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoif, 606 Main street.
Surveying Students: Anyone requiring an examination to remove a “C” gr^e in CE 6 may take the regular examination at period 11 or the special examination at period 16. Get permit slips in CE 102. (1-20) —TODD. Exponent Exam Work Schedule: Staff members will please note the following schedule. Advise corrections at once. Workers not listed please select one of the work nights and be there. Daily publication will be resumed following finals on Monday evening, 80th. Report on regular nights if possible. Extra work will be appreciated. Reorganization meeting for second semester will be in Exponent office, February 1, at 7:30. All editorial staff members please attend. Wednesday, January 18, Houston, night editor; McKee, issue; Ahlf, proof! Ochiltree, Skallerup, Mueller, Payne, workers. Friday, January 20, Woodson, night editor : Leber, issue; Willsey, proof; Miers, Thompson, Patterson, Schlossberg, Kepner, workers. Monday, January 23, Frederick, night editor ; Terrio, stooge: Ganzar, issue: Leber, proof; Donahue, McKee, DeHoog, McKeighan, Newsbaum, workers. Wednesday, January 26, Kroeplin, night editor; Insley, stooge; Massey, issue; Heiple, proof: DeHoog, Taylor, Ehrhardt, Sears, workers. —HARDIN. Gym Locker Holders: Those wishing to renew locker for the second semester must so signify by signing locker renewal slip at the intramural check-out window not later than Saturday, January 28. Those wishing to check out must do so before then to recover deposit. —CLEVETT.
Horticultural Club: There will be no meeting Wednesday, January 18. —BLAKER.
Parade Of Opinion — (Continued from page 1)
famed for not being able to take a joke, seriously scorched the partygoers by calling them “insolent, shameless, and silly.” Not to be outdone, they cabled Hitler thus: “West Virginia University students hereby sever relations with Germany, prosit.” • Challenge That this period of unrest is being given more than just a “once over, lightly” by at least some college students is true, but that the mass of undergraduates is just abbut as indifferent to it all as are the German leaders to thoughts of honor and peace is also true. Quick to get at the bottom of the world’s 'affairs and troubles, Washington and Jefferson College’s Red and Black believes that it’s about time our colleges produced greater thinkers. Here’s what it says: “It is recognized that universities with their public influences and mass production cannot easily produce great leaders or thinkers . . . Colleges are a place of ‘credit getting’ instead of independent thinking ... It is indeed tragic to watch the average undergraduate slip through four years of education, without having to think once during that time. We see the lack of Americanism on every side. The indolent indifference of the average citizen is reflected in the college youth. Colleges unconsciously foster it. The situation becomes more muddled with each successive year, and yet we know not where to turn for our guidance. We must turn to the college of today for the men of tomorrow. The college must in turn realize its responsibility, revise its technology with the changing times. We need more thinkers.” • Con1men^ Candid to the nth degree is the comment of undergraduates on the topics of the day that have most U. S. citizens wondering where we are going. Let’s glance at just a few: On the Dies Committee’s activities, from the University of West Virginia Athenaeum: “It would no doubt be found that we have just as many good old American spies slithering around Europe. But Mr.
Dies wouldn’t admit it.” On the proposed Jefferson Memorial in Washington, from the Unversity of Virginia (founded by Jefferson) College Topics: “We will continue to maintain that Thomas Jefferson would far have preferred to have a memorial to him take the shape of some utilitarian structure at the University he founded and loved than to have a hulking grey mass of architectural achievement thrown together somewhere in the Tidal Basin at Washington. What of the soul of the man who was one of the greatest of all Americans— does uselessness denote an aggressive democratic spirit?” On sportsmanship, from the Worcester Polytechnic Institute Tech News: “If the team loses this year, don’t blame it on the referee (unless there is good cause) or some player’s figurate loose living. Think before you blame anyone. And remember, if a few dictators would follow the same course, the world would be a much safer place to live in.” On the President’s proposal to teach aeronautics in colleges, the University of Arkansas Traveler speeds along with this one: “Think of the personal advantages (in comparison with ROTC). A flier does not have to watch his superior officers prance about in their pretty uniforms nor listen to their pompous commands. He can’t hear them for the roar of the motor. And too, if he wants to call the officers a lot of naughty names, which desire so frequently comes upon a man in the ranks, he can sound off without fear of punishment.” • Polls Fellow-Stealing: Sixty per cent of Ohio Wesleyan’s co-eds interviewed have no scruples against the snagging of another girl’s “steady,” while at the University of Toledo, only 49 per cent of those polled said it was okey to steal someone else’s “adored one.” Men-Rating: Massachusetts State College women want these attributes in the men they’ll marry: 1— personality. fl“-thoughtfulnessir~ 3 —dancing ability. 4—lots of brains. 5—good looks. 6—money. Today’s co-eds ai’e not gold-diggers. Majors: Exactly 54.3 per cent of the University of Hawaii students answered “yes” when they were asked “Are you convinced that your present college major will become your life work?” Those taking the teacher training courses answered
“yes” in majority of 72.1 per cent, with no other major near that number of affirmative answers. Women-Rating: Rhode Island State College men rate the things they look for in their “ideal girlfriends” this way: 1—personality. 2—face. 3—figure. 4—brains. Compulsory- Assembly: Texas State College for Women are divided 50-50 on the question. Juniors voted strongest against it, with 64 per cent asking abolition. Eds Invited To Open House At Women's Gym Eds are extended a special invitation by Professor Helen Hazleton to attend the WAA Open House, Friday evening, February 17, at 7:30 o’clock, when the new Memorial Gymnasium will be open for inspection. A demonstration program will be given by members of Triton Club and an exhibition of dancing and tumbling will be presented. The Gymnasium, which has been completely renovated for the co-eds will present a different appearance to^the men than it did when they used it for their athletics. The varsity locker rooms have been made into a lecture and corrective room. The pool has been completely retiled and repainted, the lobby and halls have been redecorated, and the gym repainted. The running track has been taken out at one end and a new maple floor laid. IM Debate Narrows Down To Six Teams Narrowing down the number of teams left in the Intramural Debate, the fourth round held Monday night left only six teams in the running. Three of these teams will be eliminated in the next round, and the remaining three will battle for the championship in two concluding rounds early in February. ^' The following are the results of the debates already run off in the fourth round: Cary Hall Northwest debating on home ground, scored a victory over Phi Kappa Sigma; Alpha Kappa Rho lost to Kappa Delta Rho at the latter’s house; Beta Theta Phi also lost to Tau Epsilon Phi at the Tau Ep house; Sigma Alpha Mu was carried by a bye; the Phi Kappa-SAE meet has not been held.
Be Economical!
Regular Cleaning Prolongs the life of Your Clothes! They Always look as neat as a pin — and You, on the inside looking out — will he proud to wear them. American’s Dependable Dry Cleaning Service — is the Answer to Your Need!
American! West Side Office—132 Vine Street
ITS NO SECRET
that a classified ad in the Exponent will bring you good results. If you want to buy - sell - swap - rent or find something, use the classified column in
THE Purdue Exponent
Business Phone — 5038