4
Purdue
Z.tS5
Exponent
Volume 51, No. 51
Wednesday, November 8, 1939
Prof. Emrick Announces New Band Assignments Elections Create Two New Offices; Choose Leaders On Achievements
Promotions, appointments, and assignments of officers for the 193940 Purdue military bands were announced yesterday by Prof. P. S. Emrick, band director. These men were chosen for their respective positions after careful consideration of their musical ability, length and quality of service rendered, and their executive capacity in various types of work necessary to the functioning of a military band. Two new offices, band quartermaster and technical officer, have been created to facilitate more efficient operation of the band in its larger quarters in the neUr music hall. The roster of officers is as follows; ' Commissioned Officers Captain and Band Adjutant, C. A. Heidbreder, Cr., ME; First Lieutenant and Band Quartermaster, H. L. Minkler, Sr. ME; First Lieutenant andsBand Librarian, J. T. Agnew, Sr. ChE; First Lieutenant and Drum Major, M. H. Smith, Jr. Sc; First Lieutenant and Senior Military Officer, J. L. Hackleman, Sr. Ag; Bvt. First Lieutenant and Concert Meister, J. N. Tait, Sr. ME; Bvt. First Lieutenant and Publicity Officer, V. T. Hitchcock, Sr. Ag; Second Lieutenant and Detail Officer, R. W. Bonner, Sr. ME; Second Lieutenant and Supply Officer, R. A. Krull, Jr. CE; Second Lieutenant and Assistant Director, H. A. Todd, Jr. ME; Second Lieutenant and Personnel Officer, J. E. Grim, Jr. PSE; °Bvt. Second Lieutenant and Technical Officer, R. A. Hogue, Jr. ME. Non-commissioned Officers First Sergeant in charge of all details, P. E. Hassler, Jr. Ag; Staff Sergeant and Assistant Publicity Officer, E. J. Mundorf, Jr. ME; Supply Sergeant, W. V. Fitzsimmons, Soph. T & IE; Sergeant in charge of equipment detail, H. P. Wentling, Soph. ME; Sergeant in charge of •percussion detail, G. R. Watson, (Continued on page 4)
Parents' Institute Will Open Annual Meeting Today Annual Parents’ Institute ■will open this morning in the Home Economics building with registration at 9:30 o’clock. The pmpose of the program, arranged by the Home Economics school cooperating with the Indiana Congress of Parents and Teachers, is to bring parents together to discuss the problems of parents with reference to their children. Between 200 and 300 women from all over the state of Indiana are expected to attend the institute, which will continue throughout today and tomorrow. Mrs. James L. Murray, Indianapolis, and Dr. Marion Mattson, director of the nursery schools at the University, -will give the opening talks at the, morning session. These will be followed by a discussion led by Mrs. Robert Shank, Indianapolis. 4 o’clock Tea Prof. O. F. Hall, history, economics, and government department; Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, professor of management; and Mrs. Joseph Walker, Greenfield, wil Ispeak at the afternoon session. At 4 o’clock tea will be served in the Women’s Residence Hall, followed by supper in the Home Economics lunchroom. I Tomorrow’s session will be highlighted by round table discussions, and talks by Dr. E. Lowell Kelly, professor of psychology; Mrs. C. C. Heflin, Kokomo; Prof. Helen Hazelton, head of the division of physical education for women; and Dr. M. D. Steer, director of the speech clinic.
Irv Maury To Play At WAA Hop
By Maeta Kaplan ’Neath a shining harvest moon a Purdue ed and co-ed will sit on a fence while their classmates dance to the strains of Irvan Maury’s orchestra. 'The occasion is the WAA Harvest Hop on Friday, November 10, and is the first co-ed bid dance since Gold Diggers. Don’t let that couple on the fence surprise you, for they’re only part of the backdrop creating proper harvest time atmosphere. Yellow pumpkins on the band stands, branches, and autumn leaves will complete the fall scene. So rise and shine all you eds, it’s not yet too late to wrangle a bid from your best gal, or even your
second best. You won’t have to worry about putting your foot through her best formal, as the dance will be strictly informal. For those of you who like to throw things, there will be confetti and streamers. Last year at the WAA masked ball, the Lambeth Walk was featured. This year, the evening’s feature will be Paul Jones dances with Irvan Maury leadiuig them. Gals, get your golden ducats at the Women’s Gym, one of the sorority hous^, or at a booth outside the Sweet Shop. Call your best beau, and go out stepping from 9 to 12 at the WAA Harvest Hop it’s only a dollar.
Distinguished Pianist To Play On Sunday's Music Room Program Richard Carpenter, distinguished young pianist, will present a recital for the music room program this Sunday, November 12, at 4 p. m. Carpenter graduated from Ball State Teachers’ College, then went on to study music under Percival Owen in Indianapolis and under the noted pianist and conductor, Rudolph Ganz, president of the Chicago Musical College. He has made several public appearances, and only recently was auditioned and given a part by Josef Cherniavsky to appear on the "Summertime Concert,” heard over radio station WLW. Cherniavsky recently stated that he was so impressed from the start with the young man’s talent that he immediately selected him as one of his soloists to appear on his radio program. - ^ ’ Union Show Tryouts Will Start Tomorrow Tryouts for the Union review, formerly scheduled for December 9, will be held tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. Anyone wanting to be in the singipg, dancing, or skits, or who desires to be the master of ceremonies, a comedian or comedienne, is invited to try out. Due to the Thanksgi'ving vacation this year, there will be no Black ^nd Tan Fantasy, usually presented Thanksgiving' Day, the review taking its place. This show, the first of its kind to be presented on the campus in many years, is to be given in conjunction with the celebration of the Union’s 12th anniversary to be held -December 1 to 9. 4-H Party Planned For November 18 All students who were 4-H Club members and their guests will be entertained at a party to be given in the Women’s Gymnasium Saturday, November 18. The party -will last from 8 to 11 o’clock. The committee in charge, composed of 4-H Club members, has planned a special program consisting of dancing and gamesi Refreshments will also be served. Tickets for the affair are selling at 10 cents each, and can be purchased from the ticket committee or at the 4-H Club office in the Ag Experiment Station Extension building. Bill Martin . . . and his campus band will play for the mixer Saturday night, November 11, from 9 to 12 in the Union ballroom. The decorations will be the same as those for the WAA Harvest Hop. The usual price of one dollar will be charged.
Survey Shows College Students Prefer Wide . Cultural Background When Pl^pning Courses
By Joe Belden If American students could plan ^ the course of study for the nation’s colleges and universities, an overwhelming majority would prescribe (, wide cultural background, the Student Opinion Surveys of America find in their latest national poll of campus thought. i Only 17 per cent of the country’s collegians believe that higher education should be mainly technical and professional training. The rest ■' say they prefer a curriculum that will embrace a general education rather than one that will produce men and women primarily skilled in * the trades and the professions. But 37 per cent of this last group make it clear that their choice is the ♦ school that presents a blending of the two extremes. Since the weekly polls of the Sur-
veys are all based on a coast-to-coast sampling determined from actual enrollments, these results represent the opinions of the million and a half students in all kinds of colleges, both technical and otherwise. The Surveys are conducted in cooperation with the Exponent and nearly 160 other campus publications. Headquarters are at the University of Texas, Austin. Last month Brooklsm College inaugurated a new president, Harry D. Gideonse, who once quit a University of Chicago professorship after much argument with Dr. Robert M. Hutchins, chief U. S. exponent of classical education. Declared Dr. Gideonse at his installation; “No college can live by training the mind alone ... Talent... must now be shifted from sheer cultivation of
Vronsky, Babin Will Play At Third Convo This Evening
intellectual virtues to education for the whole man, for men as ‘knowers and doers and appreciators’.” A surprisingly large numbar would agree with Dr. Hutchins—^but there is also a large group that believes college is the place to train both “knowers” and “doers.” The results of the poll are: « College education should; Bp mainly technical and professional 17 per cent; emphasize a wide cultural background, 46 per cent; include both, 37 per cent. Sentiment for professional training is least popular with New England students (seven), and most in favor with Far Westerners (24 per cent). All other sections of the country agree almost exactly with national student opinion as shown above.
Pep Session Starts Tomorrow At 7 P. M. A torchlight pep session preceding the team’s departure for Evanston and the Wildcat game is scheduled to get under way tomorrow night at 7 o’clock in front of the Union. Following the University’s AllAmerican band the parade will travel the nearest route to the Fieldhouse where the team will ap.pear on the west balcony. Appropriate short talks will be made by members of the squad, and cheers, led by the cheerleaders without the benefit of senior Bill Dunshee, who is away on an inspection trip, will volley from the crowd on the Fieldhouse floor. Co-ed Training Class Will Convene Today Continuing in its present series of weekly meetings, the second meeting of the WSGA' Training school for sophomores •will be held in room C of the Union today at 4 o’clock. Ruth Hall, head of the committee on vocational guidance, will explain the workings of her group, as will Margaret Mitchell, chairman of the residence committee. According to Ann Sickman, president of WSGA, the purpose of the training school is to give interested sophojnores, chosen on the basis of a high scholastic average, opportunity to learn of the organization and activities of WSGA. A similar meeting will be held Thursday at the same time and place for another group of sophomore girls. Horticulture Show Will Open Nov. 10 Nineteenth annual horticulture show will take place November 10, 11, and 12 in the University Horticulture building. This show is organized and managed by the horticultural students at the University. A fruit and vegetable identification and judging contest will take place Saturday morning, November 11. This contest is open to all high school, vocational, and 4-H Club students who have not been on a winning team in previous years. Commercial growers, amateurs, and University students will compete for the many prizes offered by the management of the show in an exhibition of plate and tray samples of fruits, vegetables, nuts, and for vase and centerpiece arrangement of flowers. Independent Telephone Companies Meet Today District conference of the operators of independent telephone companies of Montgomery and Benton counties today will be attended by about 100 executives and engineers , of these companies. An all-day session on varioxis operating problems ■will take place in the Union and.a luncheon is planned as part of the program. Music after this luncheon will be furnished by A1 Stewart and part of the Glee Club in the faculty lounge of the Union. Paul M. Ross . . . BSEE ’33, is the author of a recent article in Electric Light and Powqr dealing with sources of radio interference and how to eliminate them. The article deals particularly with interference caused by electric power systems. Ross has been with the Ohio Brass Company ever since his graduation from the University and he is now superintendent o;f the company’s high voltage laboratory.
Piano Team To Present Program Before Sophomores And Juniors Vitya* Vronsky and Victor Babin, famed Russian duo piano team, will play for the third convo of the year at 8 o’clock tonight in Memorial Gym. The first of a two-night run, tonight’s presentation will introduce the team to local audiences for the first time.
Vron^y-Babin
Playshop Lab Group To Present Plays Two experimental plays, “The Lady Novelist” and “The Lion” will be presented on Friday, November 10, in Fowler Hall by Playshop’s Laboratory Theater. The cast of “The Lady Novelist,” a comedy, will include Georgia Lou Fleager, Bruce Yates, Richard Kohls, Shirley Cannig, and John Peters. It is to be directed by Ellen Kepner. “The Lion,” a play obtained from the Southworth script contest held last year, will be directed by Dick Pittenger. Arthur McTaggart, Betty Blakeman, Charles Sandard, Robert Bums, Barbara Lupton, and John Hobson are in the cast. Director of the Laboratory group is Charles Hart, and the faculty advisor is G. D. Williams. Kiwanis Club To Sponsor Annual Football Banquet Annual Purdue-Kiwanis football banquet will be held in the Union ballroom Tuesday, November 28, according to Simon Heemstra, chairman of the Kiwanis committee in charge of arrangements. The banquet, sponsored each year by the Lafayette Kiwanis Club, will have a number of program innovations. Tickets will be available the last of this week.
Now touring the United States, the Vronsky-Babin team comes from a tour of England and the continent. The pianists met while ftudying in Berlin, were married, and have played together ever since. They have so perfected their style on two pianos that it seems as they play that a single person is playing a multiple-keyboard piano. Juniors, Sophomores Tonight Juniors, sophomores, townspeople and those holding a red season ticket "will be permitted to witness tonight’s presentation. Scheduled to attend tomorrow night are seniors, freshmen, and holders of buff season tickets. Change in attendance nights may be made -with Professor Gunn, 213 Purdue hall, or -with Miss Stover, 105 Recitation building. The program is as follows:
I
Sonata in C... Johann Bach Allegro Largo Allegro Melodie Gluck Duettino concertante, after Bozart Busoni II Fantasia, Op. 5 Rachmaninoff Barcarolle Adagio sostuenuto Largo di molto Allegro maestoso (Easter
Bti|&
In^^is
Scaramouche Milhaud Vif Modere Brazileirs Waltz, Op. 16 Arensky Etude, No. 3 Babin “Rosentavalier” Waltz Strauss-Babin Parents To Attend Association Dinner Parents of University students living in Indianapolis and vicinity are invited to attend the fall dinner meeting of the Purdue Parents’ Association to be held at 6:30 p. m. Monday, November 13, in the American United Life Insurance building. Controller R. B. Stewart and Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth will speak, after which motion pictures of the campus and football games ■will be , shown. Reservations for the dinner may be made with Don Morrison, 18 North Pennsylvania street, Indianapolis.
Freshman Tests Cover Many Subjects; Student Finds Quizzes Fairly Easy
“General tests that we freshmen took yesterday were relatively easy and had few difficult spots,” said an anonymous frosh engineering student, recently arrived from Europe, last night as he reflected on his afternoon’s labors ■with the same questions that the frosh of 10 and 20 years ago had to answer. “There were six exams covering arithmetic, algebra, geometry, physics, English, and technical knowledge, all having a time limit except the last one,” he told us when questioned as to particulars. “The only thing that was really hard to do was finish the sections in the time allowed, but the physics was rather advanced at that,” he volunteered as we tried to catch up oir our notes. When asked whether or not the English division wasn’t a bit diffi-
cult, in ■view of the fact that he had studied the language for only two years, he replied that although the punctuation was easy, synonirms were hard, for he was competing with students who had used them or had at least heard them most of their lives. One point in particular that our anonymous frosh thought relatively simple was the questions on the parts of the automobile. When the test was given in 1919 freshmen^ had only scanty knowledge of the workings of a car while now they are a part of everyday life. After discussing the tests with him and diawing out the difficult parts we again asked him if he thought the test difficult. His answer was, “I still think it was relatively easy.”ll?-' '
B
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday', November 8, 1939
There's Another Angle ... to this expansion program which the University is being faced with each year besides simply erecting more buildings to house our ever-increasing enrollment. Unless the faculty is expanded along with the physical improvements, the plan defeats its own purpose, namely, securing proper instruction for the increased student body. Merely spreading the classes out over more buildings does nothing to relieve an already overburdened faculty. Their classes will continue to increase and the possibility of better student-faculty relations will decrease correspondingly. If the same far-seeing legislators who were responsible for our new building appropriations could realize the equally important need for a faculty appropriation, Purdue would be very grateful. To this ultimate end the Exponent is stating the second point of its five-point platform: Keep the Faculty Expanding with the Student Body. —R.E.I.
Purdue Exponent K. E. Insley Editor-in-Chief W. E. Smith..... Business Manager Phones: Editorial, 4005; Business, 5038; Sports, 2792 Published daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1108, Act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduates students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint
Night Editor—Miers
Issue Editor—^Mueller
But Incidentally— By Romanoff A contemporary philosopher that doesn’t get bogged down in relativity is so difficult to find that, once found, he should be spotted for all embryo philosophers to contact ... We’re thinking of one Jake (2 for 15) Welch of Subway fame ... When he runs out of philosophy he cuts over into the European situation . . . agrees with Lindbergh that Canada should belong to the US. ... Jake thinks Britain should give us the Dominion in partial payment of the 1918 war debt . . . anything over and above the present retail value of Canada should be taken out in Hudson Bay coats for the WPA "this winter. ' ‘ \ ***,;■, \ We’re firm in our belief that persons with <^e track minds»should steer clear of double features ... Last week-end we saw “The Wizard of Oz” and the Marx Br^tK^s all in the same day ... Thafe^ight, while slumbering, we got a composite conglomeration of both pictures whipping through our minds ... During one fleeting instant we saw the bashful Lion of the first picture trying to muscle onto the circus train of the second picture ... He was standing in water up to his knees, diddling with his tail with one paw and flashing his “courage” medal with the other ... The wicked old witch was playing bartender in the parlor car . . . making mickey Anns right and left . . - Just before the call-boy rescued us, Groucho came vj,hirling up in a farmhouse, clicked his ruby slippers together, and a gorilla jumped out of his pocket. >l< * >!•, Marvelous thing Homecoming . . . wish the Alums would bring their own beds with ’em though. t. * * The wife of one old grad was overheard in the Union saying, “But, John, where is Roosevelt getting all this money to build University buildings with ...” Lady, don’t you read the 'fribune?
THZ SmSER
By Harold Knight One of the newer books in the Browsing room is “Uncle Fred in the Springtime,” by P. G. Wodehouse, the story of a rollicking adventure of Uncle Fred. Two of his young friends are in need of the necessary funds for marriage. He decides to aid them and makes elaborate plans, to secure the money. As the story winds through many humorous episodes some of his plans go astray and the others become rather complicated as Uncle Fred finds it necessary to impersonate a famed brain specialist and to take part in the kidnaping of a champion pig. This is one , of Wodehouse’s best novels with a that is full of his gay humor and wit. Most of the characters are members of the British aristocracy and are pictured in a most amusing manner. The Duke of Dunstable has an extreme dislike for Loch Lommond and keeps a supply of eggs handy to thrown at anyone who annoys him with the song, intentionally or unintentionally; Lord Empsworth spends most
of his time stuffing his pet pig, the Empress, and trying to prevent the Duke from kidnaping her and put-^ ting her .oil a diet. The most amusing of them all is Lord Ickenham, Uncle Fred, as he becomes an imposter in his attempt to raise funds to buy an onion soup bar in Piccadilly. Although Uncle Fred is supposed to be a respectable middle-aged gentleman he is as full, of fun, energy, and mischief as any college man. This story of his delightful, high-spirited adventure is a most amusing picture for merry England. By Lillie High amid the mystic Himalayas stands the beautiful, but deserted General’s palace of Mapu. What was the strange influence that this palace cast over all who passed within its gates, causing them to leave witr eviless memories ? In the (Continued on page 4)
President Elliott To Leave For Eastern Conferences President E. C. Elliott will leave at noon today for Washington to attend a conference called by Secretary of State Cordell Hull on in-ter-American relations in the field of education, and a meeting of the science committee of the National Resources Planning Board. ^ He will go from there to New York to attend a meeting of the trustees of the Carnegie Foundation and the semi-centennial of Barnard College, after which he will return to Washington to attend the meeting of the National Association of State Universities, the Association of Land Grant Colleges and the Board of Overseers of Chevy Chase College, of which he has been a member for some years.
—.LAST TIMES TODAY-
•AND —
Phone 3085
Mother's BUSY! You're Away! No can help with the wash Today! Call American! Sure It'll Pay! Phone NOW for Pick-Up! American Laundry West Side Office 132 Vine St
Irene Dunne
Preston Foster
Charles Boyer
- Lynn Bari
in
in
"When Tomor-
"Chasing
row Comes"
Danger"
THURS. - FRI. - SAT. 2 FIRST RUN HITS! WILLIAM BOYD IN "LAW OF THE PAMPAS" — ALSO— JACK HOLT IN "HIDDEN POWER"
-LAST DAY
Groucho-Chico-Harpo mikMK illOS. AT THE CliOyS Kenny BAKER . florenco RICE K TOMORROW - FRIDAY
ARC
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
— AND — 'BIG TOWN CZAR' — WITH — BARTON McLANE TOM BROWN —ALSO — "RED BARRY"
THURS. - FRI. - SAT. BLUE MONTANA SKIES ROOKIE COP LONE RANGER RIDES AGAIN
— LAST DAY — SSS
THURS. - FRI. - SAT.
^''SAMUEL GOLDWYlf’SII^^M M SHALL HMl i MUSK! — WITH — JOEL McREA ANDREA LEEDS WALTER BRENNAN
Latest Statistics: Thirteen alumni are still not accounted for since Saturday night. Some say their frat brothers hanged and buried them for taking up their comfortable beds, while others say they may have crawled into a hole and pulled it in after them, considering how they felt the morning after ... —B&B— Flash! Irene Sutherlin claims to be the first co-ed on the campus owning a pair of the new Nylon hosiery (paid ad). Her boyfriend from the East wired her collect to learn her size, and by return mail she received the leg dazzlers. ^B & B— They are on display in the Home Ec building, which automatically makes the eastern boyfriend a sucker. —B & B— Notice, all wolves! By unanimous vote, Jim Moore, senior, Bert Weinshahkfer, soph, and A1 Howard, freshman, have been given the title of “women winning wolves.” These Cary Hall (North) boys stuck to their guns while a poor brother went out with a woman. Latest rumors say they won her over after sticking around for five hours. We don’t know what has become of the “poor brother.” —B & B— This business of thinking up stuff and stuff Has got us a little bit daunted. The ones you want, we cannot print And the ones we print aren’t wanted. (. . . at least not before the Razz Edition.) —B&B— . . . which leads to the only poem I know: Thirty days has September, April, June and November. All the rest have thirty-one, Until we hear from Washington. —^Republican. —B&B— MARS PASSES AWAIT J
Come to the PURDUE RALLY NOV. 10—Eve of the Northwestern game at the BLACKHAWK Chicago Dance to JOHNNY “SCAT” DAVIS and his orchestra
-TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE "DAUGHTERS COURAGEOUS" — WITH — The Lane Sisters John Garfield - Claude Rains -plusflight AT MIDNIGHT _WITH — Phil Reagan — Jean Parker Col. Roscoe Turner I
Starts TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE lipoo.ooo woaxri OF uiyGHS IN W M ..MARIE WILSON Allen Jenkins • Johnnie Davis Charley Fby* Jerry Colonna — PLUS — TOO EXCITING FOR WORDS!
— WITH — BORIS KARLOFF
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lldify
‘Of course she’s unhappily married—but the little fool doesn’t realize it !”
Student Union To Sponsor Campus Bowling Tourney
Entries for the campus bowling tournament, being planned and sponsored by the Student Union, must be made by November 23. Open to independents as well as ^/ff m/W/' Mr /ff/r/riil organized men, the competition will be for five-man teams. The names of the winning group will have their \ names inscribed on a plaque in the alleys and each man will receive a " key.
Subscribe To The Exponent
RELAX! in the Browsing Room where acquaintance with BEST SELLERS and Leading Literature may be made. READING becomes real ENTERTAINMENT in such a DELIGHTFUL and QUIET Atmosphere
WjunifdoL UmofL The Corner of the Campus--’ Yet the Center of Actitities
•AY
X' p; ft ' f ft ■PI A i|^ il . m
P % ‘1
i u
< 7
i
it
^ ViWednesday, November 8, 1939
^xftofumL SpoitA. fiagsL
Walkers Stage Annual Race On IM Field Today Contest Will Start At 4:15 This afternoon at 4:15 the annual all-campus walking race will be staged over a two and a half mile course on Intramural field. Each contestant will start near the Fourth street entrance and circle the course three times, finishing near the north end
of the field.
Last year Gil Tredwell won the event in the record time of 21:48.9, finishing well ahead of 14 other turf pounders. The race will be mm off according to the heel and toe rules and is open to all students. Anyone who does not comply with the rules will be automatically disqualified. All entries should meet on the field at 4 o’clock in order to get numerals. According to the intramural department the first three men to cross the finish line in this gruelling contest will be awarded
medals.
Two Days
. . remain in which to buy a four dollar Debris. Friday, November 10, the price will advance to four dollars and 60 cents.
Rifle Enthusiasts Meet in Fieldhouse Tomorrow All Boilermaker rifle enthusiasts are encouraged to attend the organization meeting of the Rifle Club tomorrow at 7:30 o’clock in room 104 in the Fieldhouse. The club is to sponsor telegraphic meets with other organizations throughout the
year.
Rifles may be checked out, and ammunition purchased in the Fieldhouse for use on the range. The cold weather should drive many students indoors and swell the turnout for this activity. If you want to be among these students, be sure to be present at the meeting tomorrow
evening.
Greek Basketball Opens Intramural Winter Competition Basketball enthusiasts take heed! The intramural department will inaugurate the winter sports season with a schedule of practice games for competing fraternity teams beginning Tuesday, November 14. With official competition not starting until the week of November 27, the Greek netmen will have a greater opportunity to practice than in other years. The league will be divided into two sections. An upper bracket of 24 teams will be made up of the fraternities that stood highest in last year’s play. The six top teams from this group will go to the finals. The lower bracket of this annual tournament will be comprised of the 11 quintets that finished lowest in last year’s competition. Two of these will go to the finals. Men playing in this league will be ineligible to play in the class *‘B” league which follows. All entry blanks should be in the intramural office by Saturday, November 11. Subscribe to THE EXPONENT
In three days the price rises to $4.50. “^omphliL ^ampuA. CovsuiaqiL’
This Bi4 Jeautifiil 92 Horsepower HUDSON SIX SEDM
ON display: TODAY
DELIVERS IN LAFAYETTE , READY | FOR YOU TO DRIVE, FOR ONLY...
America’s Safest Cars Are Now America's Smartest
This Hudson, one of the roomiest cars built today, has finest type Independent Front Wheel Coil Springing, Center-Point Steering, Patented Auto-Poise Control, Patented Double-Safe Hydraulic Brakes, Handy Shift ON TOP OF ALL THIS, WE’LL GIVE YOU A SWELL DEAL
at the steering wheel. Sealed Beam Headlamps—ALL the best 1940 features. Compare 1940 sedan prices: then see and drive this new economy and endurance winner—greatest automobile value of the year. ON YOUR OLD CAR. Low time payment terms, of (owrie.
SEE THIS SEDAN TODAY
ALSO ON DISPLAY 3 AND 4-PASSENGER COUPES
CHAS. RUSH CO.
1st and Columbia Street
Boilermakers Out To Tame Wildcats
Riveter Gridmen Hope To Even Ancient Series With Wildcats In Saturday's Battle
^toMoh'A. (^hoixJL By Robert J. Deckard Apparently one Mr. Thomas Harmon, “No. 1 footballer of the year,” according to a recent newspaper article, and “half-a-point-a-minute” halfback who hails from Michigan University, thinks he’s some “hot stuff.”
—^fc
We’ve heard a helluvalot of gridironmen discuss their ambitions on the gridiron and wish mildly that they could do such-and-such-a-thing ... but Mr. Harmon takes the cake for audacity, nerve, and just plain ole intestinal fortitude.
—fc—
Recently “our hero” dropped a letter to the Chicago Tribune, demanding that it take measurements of his uniform for the College AllStar game in August, 1941.
—fc—
An University alumnus in Gary, where “the-greatest-halfback-in-the world” lives when not scoring all the touchdowns for the Wolverines, told us another one on Mr. Harmon.
—^fc—
“When a football player from Gary goes to a major university and becomes captain of the football team there,” he said, “a group of Gary sports fans give him a handsome silver football trophy.” Joe Mihal from Purdue got it last year. “Not long ago Harmon wrote me and said he wasn’t football captain at Michigan YET, but we might as well get ready to give him the trophy. And he also said that he didn’t want a metal trophy, but one that he could blow up and play with.”
—^fc—
Postscript No. 1—Dear Readers: FC feels like a low-down worm! /-A4 Schedules TOUCHBALL—TODAY Field Official 6— ^Ward 2 vs. Ward 14. Close 7— Ward 1 vs. Ward 24. Chaffee 8— Cary 11 vs. Cary Hall 13. McGrath 9— Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 8. Brinduse 10— Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 15. Mann 11— Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 14. Smithson 12— Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 12. Luce
Hoping to catch up with Northwestern, current leader of the Boilermaker-Wildcat gridiron feud, the Riveter football forces yesterday went through their^ second real scrimmage of the week in preparation for Saturday’s encounter at Evanston, It will be the 25th meeting of the two teams with the Boilermakers possessors of 11 victories as against 12 for the Purple. Well pleased with the squad’s re-
action to Monday’s scrimmage, the first real practice in three weeks, Coach Mai Elward sent his gridder? through another intensive contact session yesterday. While emphasizing the development of an aerial attack, a great deal of time was devoted to proiriding adequate protection for the punters who have been kept in no end of trouble lately by blocked kicks in the last two
games.
Verplank Still Benched Although Felix Mackiewicz, veteran right end who has been kept on the shelf for the past few weeks due to a troublesome ankle, is expected to be able to see action against Northwestern, Elward expressed his fear that Carl Verplank, stellar right guard, may continue to ride the bench. As a result Jim Miller and Jack Winchell will be forced to bear the main burden of the right guard spot, while Tom Melton has been shifted to left guard to provide support for “Iron Man” Frank Bykowsld. Numerous other changes in the forward wall personnel are exjiected as a result of the Iowa encounter. William Neff and A1 Rossi will probably be given a chance to see more action at left ackle, while Basil Retry, one of the bright spots in the Hawkeye battle, will undoubtedly see a good part of the game from the center post.
Greek Grunters Add Wrestling To List Of Fraternity Athletics Wrestling is now in the process of being added to the long list of interfraternity sports, and in letjters sent to the athletic managers of all houses, Chief Clevett has outlined an extensive, well organized program around which Greek mat men will compete. The tourney is to be divided up into nine weight divisions, ranging from 126 pounds to 185 and heavsnveight, with each fraternity allowed but one man in
each weight class.
Points are not to be awarded entirely on the basis of tournament results, for 60 points will be awarded to fraternities having at least four boys working oqt in the wrestling room, three days per week, during the coming five-week training period. This training period began yesterday, and throughout the five weeks there will be an intramural manager to check the atten-
dance.
Chief Clevett fiirther urges the Greek athletic managers to start more than the required number of men in the training period, to allow for those who might not attend regularly. Contestants who fail to average two workouts per week during the five-week period will be considered ineligible for tournament participation. Winners in any weight class will be awarded five points; three will be given to runner-ups. These points will be totaled with the attendance points, and any fraternity earning a total of 60 points at the conclusion of the tournament will receive 25 participation points on the all-year
trophy.
The interfraternity tournament will open on December 12, and will be a straight elimination "affair, rules for which will be posted at a later date.
I (jJ(L(L 7bwA I By Marguarette Ftmkhouser Teams from the various sorority and cooperative houses, residence halls, wards, and PIA opened the bowling contest for co-eds, sponsored by WAA and the Student Union, Tuesday night in the Union bowling alleys. Eighteen teams have entered the contest. Student Union is giving a cup to the winning organization. If the winner should be one of the wards or the PIA team individual prizes will be given to each member instead of the cup. The individual prizes will be given because the wards or PIA would have no place in which to keep the cup. WAA is awarding the winning team members by giving them each 175 points in WAA. The team members winning in second place will receive 60 points each. All those participating in the contest will be given five points each. Teams who played last night were from the Alpha Chi Omega, Chi Omega, Kappa Kappa Gamma, and Kappa Alpha Theta sorority houses. Ward 1, and WRH South. —^waa— Riflery practices which have taken place throughout the fall will end with this week’s practices. Climaxing the practices will be the tournament which is to be held the first of December. Co-eds from the sorority and cooperative houses and from the different wards will take part in the tournament. All girls who are planning to be in the tournament are Lirged to take advantage of the last week’s practice periods.
MARS —ONE DAY ONLY— MATINEC AND NIGHT SAT., NOV. 18
A GEOF? -^E ABBOTT HIT I
itoirfat IJACKIE COOOAN wllk FMANK MMII.VNM nc OUNN • CVimJA BORMB • A Stage Play • OUnCT FROM RROABWAV
MAIL ORDERS NOW
ADM
Mat. 5S-83-1.10.t.«S-2.Q0 Ev«. 83-t.10-l.6S-2J)0-2A0
—Tax iHctudwl—
SEASON RESERVATIONS FOR THE FOUR STAGE FLAYS MAY STILL BE FUBCHASED AT A GREAT SAVINGS.mm
m
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday/ November 8/ 1939
Dr. ti.S. Bender To Speak At Armistice Day Banquet Purdae Peace Fellowship will sponsor its annual Armistice Day banquet on Friday, November 10, at 6:30 p. m. in the First Methodist Church of West Lafayette. Main speaker for the banquet will be Dr. H. S. Bender, Dean of Goshen College, Goshen. Dr. Bender, chairman of the Mennonite Church Peace Board, has been traveling through Europe and South America for the past three years, conducting the Mennonite resettlement plan for refugees. He is a graduate of the Harvard Theological Seminary, and received his doctor’s degree at Heidelberg University in Germany. The Armistice Day dinner is an annual affair conducted by the Peace Fellowship. Tickets may be obtained at the Union desk or from any of the student pastors. The price is 40 cents. The Browser (Continued from page 2) novel, “Black Narcissus,” one sees how this unusual power affects the lives of fine very devout men who ' become, while at Mapu, full of worldly, passionate thoughts and actions. One sister asks to be sent home in disgrace; another is partly responsible for the death of a native child and the following native hostility; a third goes mad over her scorned love for the desirable but disreputable caretaker, Mr. Dean, and commits suicide. To this thoroughly pagan mountain peak the sisters try to bring and establish their simple, religious faith and work, but into their humble lives comes Mr. Dean, sarcastic, utterly without morals but wholly appealing for instruction in the convent the beautiful impassioned Konchio, native girl of the village, appears; to learn all he can of European civilization attracts the young General Delip, nicknamed by the sisters “Black Narcissus” because of his exotic, perfumed clothes and frank questions. It is around these people and their problems that the sisters attempt to adjust their lives. Just how successful they are one learns at the end of this truly fine novel. The inimitable something that has characterized the novels, “Lost Horizon” and “Bridge to San Lois Rei,” is also found in “Black Narcissus.” The impression that one feels upon completing the book is one of deep satisfaction, but also regret that it must end so soon.
Campus ^'Contfibs By T. O. Marshall There has been a definite trend toward “touching up” the latest buildings on the campus. Witness the carvings on the Women’s Residence Halls South, North, ahd West; Professor Bray’s metallurgical lab, the Union building, and, shortly, the Music Hall. Symbolic figures and designs are replacing prosaic stone and concrete, and the skill and thinking of widely known artists are going into the transformation. Heretofore, the factor limiting such projects, money, was being used by the Purdue Fathers to cover the basic requirements of housing and education. Then recently additional funds became available for construction purposes on the campus, and the architect was allowed more leeway in his decorative schemes. In this, however, he was guided by the principle that any embellishments should have a reason behind them, and therefore the new carvings have a purpose beyond that of lending beauty to the buildings. On a campus such as at Purdue, where technical subjects are necessarily stressed, the arts have more than the usual role to play. And so the carvings should not be regarded merely as an afterthought, but rather in the light that they fulfill a definite need on our campus. They will have served their purpose admirably if they will but carry our thoughts away into a realm removed from books, for a few moments of mental relaxation during a busy
day.
All Co-eds Are Invited To Attend WAA Pknic All co-eds are invited to attend a picnic and campfire to be held at the WAA cabin Thursday, November 11, from 4:30 to 7 o’clock. This picnic will climax the membership drive of the organization which has been carried on this past week. Tickets may be purchased for 25 cents at the YWCA office in the Memorial Union. Transportation will be furnished from the Memorial Gymnasium at 4 or at 5 o’clock for those unable to arrange to leave at 4 o’clock. The picnic is to enable the co-eds to become better acquainted with YWCA members and its activities.
Township Trustees Will Convene Here Tomorrow Prom 150 to 200 township trustees from the first and second Con''gressional districts will convene on the campus at 10 o’clock tomorrow morning to discuss various problems in the field of education. R. W. Fairchild, president of Illinois State Normal, will be the principal speaker addressing the group on “The Trends of Rural Education.” Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president, will welcome the group to the campus, with Pairchild’s remarks immediately following. Luncheon speaker will be F. B. Knight, head of the division of education and applied psychology. A question and answer period will be conducted during the afternoon, the program closing with a tour of the
University.
HE Instructors Hear Lecture On Nutrition Dr. Virginia Batie White, Dr. Cecilia Schuck, and Misses Evelyn Krause, Mary Louise Bone, Rosemary Lodde, and Eleanor Gaensslen, all of the foods and nutrition department of the Home Economics school, attended a lecture by Dr. James S. McLester in Indianapolis last night. He spoke on “Nutrition and Present Day Living.”
Use EXPONENT Classified Ads
Come to the PURDUE RALLY NOV. 10—Eve of the Northwestern game at the BLACKHAWK Chicago Dance to JOHNNY “SCAT” DAVIS and his orchestra
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Suppilea
Risk Dental Clinic DR. RAUL A RISK DR. LUTHBl A RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Rh«n# 5701
"DiAC" Everything for a College Education
• Jewelers
• Dine
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• Dairy Products
• Hardware
M. E. MOREHOUSE DIARY QUALITY MILK Phon* 46214
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St Phone 4354
Locksmith
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicydas, accessories and repairirrg. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phena 282t
Prof, Emrick (Continued from page 1) Soph. EE; Sergeant in ^harge of chair and rack detail, J*. W. Ely, Soph. ME; Sergeant in charge,.of music detail, A. L. Clifford, Soph. EE; Sergeant in charge of quarters detail, R. W. Bond, Soph. EE; Sergeant Drum Major, V. D. Hilt, Soph. Phar; Publicity Sergeant, P. J. Penn, Soph. ME; Sergeant, assistant to technical officer, C. B. Gaugh, Jr. ME. / Also: Corporal of Equipment Detail, C. E. Knote, Pr. Ag; Corporal of the Percussion Detail, R. J. Goers, Fr. Eng; Corporal of the Chair and Rack Detail, H. O. Loper, Fr. Eng; Corporal of the Music Detail, D. V. Moffett, Pr. Eng; Corporal of the Quarters Detail, J. B. Whyman, Pr. Eng; Supply Corporal, R. K. Cast, Fr. Eng; Corporal Drum Major, W. J. Clark, Pr. Eng. Also: Chief Field Trumpeter, L. W. Mayhak, Jr. Sc; I*rincipal Field Trumpeter, R. N. Bond, Soph. EE; First Field Trumpeter, P. J. Pearson, Soph. EE; Second Field Trumpeter, H. 0. Loper, Ft. Eng; Third Field Trumpeter, V. L. Lawhead, Fr. Eng; Fourth Field ’Trumpeter, W. Franz, Fr. Eng.
NOTICES No notice* will bo accepted after 8 p. n.
Purdae Gymnastic Club: Meet room 105, Pieldhouse, Wednesday, November 8, at 7 ;80 p. m. —MAEGOLIS
To All Students: Meeting in Agricnltoralist office at 4:1B p. m. Wednesday, November 8, for anyone interested in pledging Alpha Phi Omega. —CROXALIi CE 22 Conditions: The examinations to remove C grade in CE 22 (Elementary Structures) will be given in room 801 of CE building frdm 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, November 18. Please consult me at once. ^ —SONESON Flying Club: Regular business meeting Wednesday, November 8 at 7 p. m. in room O of the Union building. All new members must turn in their propellers. . —KIMBALL
Virginia C. Meredith Club: Board meeting Wednesday, November 8, at 4 o'cdock in room 108 of Home Economies building. —YEAGER WAA Hockey: The following games will be played this week: Wednesday, November 8, sophomores vs. junior-seniors; Thursday, November 9, freshmen vs. sophomores ; Friday, November 10, freshmen vs. juniorseniors. -^Mcknight
Mb 90: The meeting with Dr. C. H. Robertson will be held in room 207 of the ME building at 7:80 p. m. Wednesday, November 8. —CLARK
Cany Craft Class: Will meet Wednesday, November 8, at 4 p. m. —^FRASER
ME 61 & 62: An examination for removal of conditions will be given in each of these courses on Saturday, December 2, at 1 p. m. in room 861 ME building. Those intending to take either of these examinations notify me before November 26. ■—^BOLZ
Activities Bureau: There will be a meeting of all sophomores, juniors, seniors, and interviewers Thursday, November 9, at 4 p. m. —JORGESON
Pi Tan Sigma Pledges: Pay initiation fees ($20) to H. G. Kolb, 103 University street, before Sunday 8 p. m. —^KOLB Glider Club: Meeting Thursday, November 9, 7:15 p. m. in room C of the Union. —MILLER
Student Senate: Will the following members of the senate projects committee please meet in the senate office Wednesday, November 8, at 4 p. m.: Milea, Carpenter, Bowman, Campbell, Chambers, and Lancet. —McCAMMON
Camera Club: Meeting at 7:30 Thursday, November 9, In room P of the Union. Color printing to be discussed. —GEPHART
Ag Chemists: Regular meeting Wednesday, November 8, at 7:80 in the library of the Ag Chem building. Refreshments: —HARPERS
B-4 Swimming Team: The following meet in Fieldhouse pool during Y-hour at 1 p. m. Wednesday, November 8: Schoeff, Geletta, Bibbins, Ward, Seely, Cununings,/Elfvin. —ARCHIBALD
WAA Volleyball: Call out Thursday, November 9, at 4 o’clock in Women’s Gym. Practice Thursday and Friday and next Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday. Two practices required. —MORRIS
Ward 4 Party: Wednesday, November 8, at 7:80 in the hygiene room of the Women’s Gym. —BLA6RAVB
Classified Ads
PEW: Dance composition class will not meet Wednesday evening, November 8, because of convocation. —KNIGHT
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting at 4:80 p. m. Friday, November 10, in room 0 of the Union. Pledging and short program. —SHICKEL
WSGA: Executive meeting in room A of Union Wednesday, November 8, at 7:46 p.m. Be there. —PICKERING
FOR SALE
TTPEWltlTBBS-AU
and portablo^
npaired. as I2U.78.
Mate Btfoal
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Black Shaeffer pen; W. E. Teshe engraved in gold. Reward. Phone 66982.
sold, purslMaaiL xaatod aad Ntw poirtabla auteaSatm as lasr l^pUaa. (X F. WmnboS, UM
Wesley Foundation: Chile supper Wednesday, November 8, 5 to 7 p. m. at Foundation House. Tickets are 20c. Everybody welcome. —^McPADDEN
Alpha Zeta: Short meeting 7 p. m. Wednesday, November 8, in old Agriculturist office. Important. —HITCHCOCK
LOST—^Yellow gold Elgin wristwatch. Reward. Call R. E. Klein, 31751. LOST—Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin at pep session Friday: between Union and Stewart Field. Call Thomson, 3301. Reward. LOST—Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin on Saturday night. Call 8301, Bausman. Reward.
'^WLESMDHOFF and \
VICIOUS CIRCLE: Introducing the happy-go-lucky Tuttles of Tahiti, who couldn’t go fishing without gas for' their boat. Couldn’t get gas without money. And couldn’t get money without fishing!
“THE MORTGAGE LIFTER.” On this bird the Tuttles gambled their last stick of furniture — but nobody knew if the cock could fight!
BEGIN THIS NEW NOVEL
THEY COULDN’T EVEN DIE SUCCESSFULLY. Pastor Tearo held memorial services for four Tuttles lost at sea... but he talked too soon!
PUZZLE: The Tuttle boys caught a fortime in fish —and then discovered they didn’t know how to get it home!
IN THIS WEEK’S POST
ARE ENDOWED COLLEGES DOOMED? Are colleges like Harvard, Columbia and University of Chicago on the way out? With millionaires vanishing, taxes rising, investments dwindling, how can these schools compete with state-supported universities? Robert M. Hutchins, President of the University of Chicago, suggests some about-face tactics in his article, What Good Are Endowments ? in this week’s Post. (Required readingfor allstudents.)
IN THIS SAME ISSUE: A new big game fishing story by Philip Wylie, about an overstuffed politician who goes after newsreel-sized fish and pulls a trick no sportsman could stand for —bribes or no bribes! See There He Blows! AND ... a lively football story about the great pro star Packy Farr and how he played A Ball Game for Delia—hy Ben Peter Freeman. PLUS a yam by Harry Klingsberg in which
the assistant District Attorney has a hunch that astrology might sometimes be spelled m-u-r-d-e-r. Read Remember Galileo .. . And a romantic story, The Crusaders by James Street. ALSO •.. Helen Hayes’ unique story. Second part of eight ... A timely article, Let The Neutral Beware.. .editorials, poems, cartoons— all ip this week’s Post.
W' A)
I
^ L