"5^ w" * «
'I ■) i /Jt'kaX ,ji<‘ Stf'i‘>u ' - J. ■^aiKfr^^vr'^ ,e-sya^, Jrtr'»-r-*. s«~ ~ t m;« R-.
Purdue
Z-1B5
Volume 51, No. 39
Exponent
100 Frosh Co-eds Speak In Lodde Preliminaries First Rounds Of Speech Competition Leaves Six Co-eds To Speak In Finals One hundred freshman co-eds spoke yesterday at 4 o’clock in the preliminary rounds of the 12th annual Lodde Speech contest. Fifteen girls were chosen to compete in the secondary round held at 5 o’clock. Of the fifteen co-eds who spoke in the second round, six were selected to compete in the finals to be held Tuesday, October SQ., at 7:30 in the Home Economics
auditorium. Choose 6 Finalists The six girls chosen yesterday as finalists in the contest are Barbara Wade, speaking on “This Man Problem;” Peggy Howard, “Propaganda;” Patricia Frigge, “Purdue Men;” Faith Wayne, “Jitterbug;” and Mary Bachelder, “Purdue Traditions.” The same subjects used in the preliminary rounds will be used in the finals. Members of the speech department faculty acting as judges of the preliminary and second rounds were Prof. P. E. Lull, Leland W^inch, i Robert Ring, and Robert Horn. The winner of the contest October 31 will be awarded a personal gift from the Lodde Jewelry Co. of Lafayette. This award has been changed from the gold - plated plaque awarded in previous years. The Lodde Jewelry cup will be awarded to the organization amassing the greatest number of points during the finals. Topics Vary Topics for speeches in the preliminary rounds included “Fashion Trends at College,” “Purdue and You,” “No More Waltzes,” “The Need of College Joes,” “Cash and Carry Co-eds,” “Are Women Cats,” ^‘Realistic and Romantic Movies,” “Traditions at Purdue,” and “This Thing Called War.” Arrangements for the contest were completed by Lucy Demoret, senior co-ed forensic manager, and Marilyn McKnight and Gene Pechin, junior co-ed intrgmural forensic managers. Better Than Ever According to Lucy Demoret, senior manager, the speeches this year are better than they ever have been. Only freshman co-eds were allowed to compete this year, as in previous years the contest was open to upperclassmen as well as freshmen. Meredith Club Will Hear former Design Instructress Tonight At the regular meeting of the Virginia C. Meredith Club, to be held tonight at 7:30 in the Home Economics auditorium, Mrs. C. 0. Lee, formerly of the applied design department, will lecture on period furniture. Movies will also be shown on the American Wing of the Metropolitan Museum. Mary Glenn Yeager, president of the organization, has announced that a very interesting program has been planned by the club officers. Among the activities planned are interest groups on etiquette, consumer education, grooming, and hobbies. These group activities will be discussed at this meeting and cp-eds will sign for their group preference. Membership cards are required for admission. November 10 Set As Date for Flower Show Opening
The 20th annual Horticultural show, which is sponsored by the Horticultural Society, will be held
in the Horticultural building and . . , greenhouse from Friday to Sunday, ^lOYIG
November 10-12. Special educational exhibits will be put up by students. One attraction of this show, which features chrysanthemums, apples, and vegetables, will be an amateur judging contest, in which teams fi'om 15 high schools over the
state will participate.
Dr. R. W. Sockman To Speak At First Religious Convo Dr. Ralph W. Sockman, New York City, will deliver the sermon at the first religious convocation oT-the year, to be held Sunday, October 29, at 10:30 a. m. in Eliza Fowler*Hall, announced Dr. Lawrence Hadley, .chairman of the committee on arrangements. Fourth Appearance The occasion will mark Dr. Sockman’s fourth appearance before Purdue students in religious convocations; each of his former addresses having attracted capacity crowds. Dr. Sockman has been active in many phases of religious work. He is the author of many books, one of which, “Live For Tomorrow,” will be released by the MacMillian press soon. He is also well known as a radio minister throughout the nation. For several years he conducted the National Sunday Forum in May, June, and July over the NBC network. University choir of 180 voices and Echo choir of nearly 50 voices, both under direction of A. P. Stewart, vocal music director, will fuimish music for the program.
1
Fraternities Plan Pie-Eating Contest Pi Kappa Phi and Pi Kappa Alpha fraternities will hold their fourth annual pledge pie-eating contest on Friday afternoon at 4:15 on the front walk of the Memorial Union building. WBAA will bring a bite-by-bite description of the contest with interviews following. Six pledges from each house will compete, working on one large gooey blueberry pie apiece. The trophy is a copper pie plate. Three University Grads Will Present Paper At Convention Today Three University graduates, C. M. Offenhauer, ChE ’37, H. Y. Hunsicker, ChE ’36, and J. C. Vaughan, ChE ’38, will each present papers at meetings of the National Metgl Congress in Chicago, 111., starting
today.
Sponsors of the congress are the iron and steel divisions of the American Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engineers, the American Society of Metals, the American Welding Society, and the "^ire Association. I OfFenhauer's paper will be presented at the American Institute of Mining meeting today at the Palmer House. Vaughan will present his paper before the meeting of the AIMS at the Blackstone Hotel, while Hunsieker will speak before the ASME at the Palmer House.
Wedbatesday, October 25, 1939
Late War Bulletins Washington, D. C., Oct. 25.—Last night President Roosevelt was still awaiting authentic information regarding the circumstances of the interception of the American freighter City of Flint. The statement that 41 members of the crew were lost is still awaiting to be confirmed. According to the President, Laurence A. Steinhardt, U. S. amliassador at Moscow, has forwarded a preliminary report, the gist of which is that the facts in the case are not yet known in Moscow. The situation, said the President, is that the Russian government is still seeking to ascertain the absolute facts in the case as is the United States. In order to avoid repetition of incidents similar to the City of Flint case, Mr. Roosevelt emphasized his conviction that the present neutrality laws must be revised. Glee Club To Sing For International Metal Exposition Purdue Glee Club has completed arrangements to attend the National Metal Congress and National Metal Exposition being held in the International Amphitheater in Chicago. The men in the Glee Club will attend the conference during the day and perform on the program of the 20th annual banquet of the American Welding Society in the Boulevard room of the Stevens Hotel. The Glee Club will be the main portion of the entertainment and will sing from their tables on a stage especially constructed in the banquet hall. The Glee Club will also go to Indianapolis Friday, October 27, to appear before the Purdue alumni, who are now teachers in the public schools of Indiana, at the Purdue banquet to be given in the Columbia Club. McCrady Will Play For Newman Club Hallowe'en Frolic , Replacing the old Barnyard Frolic, the Newman Club will sponsor a Hallowe’en Frolic Friday night, October 27, in the Union ballroom. Harry McCrady and his campus band will provide rtiusic for the occasion. As it is to be a Hallowe’en dance the frolic will be a costume affair, but masks are taboo. Dance officials suggest that the costumes portray the ultra-modern hill-billy farmer. Tickets for the frolic have been distributed by the Newman Club are available at Deacs, Southworths, the Union desk and from Newman Club members. The regular price of one dollar will be charged.
"Brother Raf Opens Playshop Season Tonight At 7:30 “The show needs no boosting; it will stand on its own feet. After the news of the opening performance spreads there is no doubt but what the show will play to a full house on succeeding nights,” stated John Dietrich, director of the Playshop, when asked about the quality of the Playshop’s opening productiont “Brother Rat.” The opening will take place in Fowler Hall tonight at 7:30. “Brother Rat” tells the story of the lives and loves of two military cadets at the Virginia Military Institute. The situations which arise provide both serious and humorous scenes. The cast wound up more than three weeks of work with a final dress rehearsal amid the actual stage settings in Fowler Hall last night. The cast is composed of the following 15 speaking parts: ioyce Burnham, Mrs. Brookes; Alice Martens, Joyce Winfree; Virginia Lee Ruddell, Jennie; Thais Crepps, Claire Ramm; Dave MacMillan, Harley Harrington; Bob Hettema, Bing Edwards; Richard Fink, Billy Randolph; Betty Erick, Kate Rice; Robert Reveal, A. Townsend, Jr.; Bob Hewitt, “Newreel” Scott; Henry Leshner, “Tripod” Andrews; Irvin Luther, Slim; Bill Scott, Lieut. Rogers; Lewis Morrison, Colonel Ramm; Bob Peterson, Dan Craw-
ford.
Carl Miller To Speak Before Camera Club Carl Miller of the Westeim Electrical Instrument Corporation will address the Camera Club at a meeting in room F of the Union tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. Miller will speak on the construction of the Weston exposure meter and will demonstrate the proper method for using the meter satisfactorily. A lecture which Miller gave last year before a similar meeting on the theories of exposure and how they were applied to the design of the Weston meter proved popular. The meeting offers all local photographers who are using Weston instruments an opportunity to receive expert instruction in new and better uses of the Weston meter. The meeting is open to all those interested, and any electrical engineers who are interested in the construction and operation of exposure meters are especially invited. Cadet Officers . . . will meet in a smoker tomorrow evening at 7 in the Union ballroom. The smoker is sponsored by the cadet officers’ luncheon committee and is for the purpose of allowing the junior and senior officers to get better acquainted with each other. Moving pictures taken of the University’s batteries E and B at summer camp by Captain Wiselogel and C. K. Milner will be shown, and a member of each battery will talk to those present.
Seniors Plan To Visit Plants In Midwest Industrial Area
. . . titled “Two Salesmen in Search of an Order” will be shown in room 202 of Heavilon Hall this morning at 8 o’clock by L. E. Grisso of the Dictaphone Corporation. The picture-is being shown for the class
in GE 105.
Senior engineering students will make their annual inspection trips to Midwest industrial plants the week of November 5 to 11, Prof. W. A. Knapp announced recently. Nearly 400 prospective engineers will form the various inspecting groups. Two Groups of Mechanicals The mechanical engineers will travel in two separate bodies, each by train. One group will go to Detroit under the direction of Prof. H. M. Jacklin, where they will spend the week in various automobile plants and allied industries. The other portion of the school, in charge of Prof. L. V. Ludy, will go to Gary, Milwaukee, and Chicago for similar inspections. Chemicals Leave Nov. 6 Chemical engineers will leave on
November 6 in charge of Prof. C. L. Lovell to visit plants in Gary, Hammond, Chicago, and Whiting. Civil engineering students will spend the last four days of the week visiting factories in Gary, Hammond, and Chicago. Public service engineers, led by Professor Knapp, will spend the entire week in the Chicago and Hammond areas, while the electrical engineering students under Prof. D. T. Canfield will travel to Gary, Milwaukee, and Chicago. Most of the trips will conclude Saturday forenoon in Chicago where many of the traveling seniors plan to attend the PurdueNorthwestern football game to be played that afternoon in Dyche Stadium.
Frosh Officers: Hensey^ Ruggles^ Horne, Miller 346 Ballots Cast; Choose Three Cary Hall Men, One Fraternity Man In Election Bill Hensey, president; Bill Ruggles, vice president; Robert Horne, secretary, and Bill Miller, treasurer, wete elected yesterday by Green Potters to head this year’s freshman class. The election; in which a total of 346 ballots were cast, was sponsored by Skull and Crescent, under the supervision of the Senate. This was the first time the election was held in the great hall of the Union. Policy
Cooper, Fishburn Speak Today At 4 For Charm School Twa seniors eds will speak at the WSGA-YWCA charm school tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the women’s lounge of the Purdue Memorial Union. Herb Fishburn, Student Senate head, and Paul Cooper, president of Student Union, will speak on “What Qualities Make the Perfect Co-ed” at this first charm school of the year. The charm school is sponsored by WSGA and YWCA. Alice Newton representing WSGA and Bernadette Dygert of YWCA are in charge of arrangements. Elect Frosh Executives Freshman girls are urged to remain after the meeting to elect freshman representatives to .the executive board of WSGA. Two representatives will be elected. The following girls have turned in petitions and are eligible for the position: Jane Arnold, Jeanne Burkham. Alice Chatfield, Ann Custer, Jean Fassnacht, Betty Lewis, Barbara Lupton, Virginia Pfisterer, Sylvia Pittman, Helen Schickler, Rachel Stewart, and Lois Turner. Fire School Ends Annual Program Sixth annual Indiana fire school adjouims this evening follovdng the demonsti'ation of use of spray nozzle on high voltage lines given by C. S. Sprague, research staff of the engineering experiment station, in the Electrical Engineering building at 4 o’clock. The program got under way this morning when C. B. White, chemical engineer, American LaFr^nceFoamite Corporation, speaks on “Modern Methods of Fire Fighting.” At 10 o’clock the group will be divided into four groups that will have individual demonstrations on “Hose and Ladder Evolution,” “First Aid,” “Elementary Pump Operation,” and “Care and Uge of Gas Masks.” Afternoon program starts at 1:15 with a talk on “How to Have a Successful Fire” by Fred P. Higgins, fire marshal of the city of Grand Rapids, Mich. Sprague’s demonstration completes the school’s activities for the year. Official Air Board Will Visit Campus A board of air coi'ps officials will soon visit the University along with a flight surgeon to examine candi- ' dates for appointments as flying cadets in the army air corps, it was announced yesterday by Colonel Byers of the personnel staff. The visiting board will canvass only unmarried students due for graduation in June or February of 1940, or those persons who are already University graduates. Candidates must also be citizens of the United States, between the ages of 20 and 26, and between 64 and 74 inches tall. Ample notice will be given in the Exponent as to the exact date of the visit of the board.
When questioned about policy. Bill Hensey, new president of the class of ’43, said, “The three officers. Bill Ruggles, Robert Home, Bill Miller, and myself have been working together throughout the campaign and will continue to do so in the future. No definite plans have been worked out, but with the aid of the entire class of ’43, we are going to remove all reflections cast toward us due to the recent painting episode.” The total of 346 ballots cast was not near the potential voting strength of the freshman class, but gave a cross section, representative of frosh ideas. Of the four officers elected, the president, secretary, and treasurer are Cary Hall men. Vice-president Bill Ruggles is an Acacia pledge. WSGA Opens Co-ed Training School For Sophomores With the purpose of interesting second-year co-eds in the activities of WSGA, that organization will open its annual sophomore training school-November 1 and 2, according to Ann Sickman, president of WSGA. The girls, all sophomores, chosen on the basis of their scholastic index, will be divided into two groups. These groups will meet twice each week for the next two months, so that the girls will be given ample opportunity to work on committees, to learn about the general organization and activities of WSGA. Speakers at the first two meetings of the school, which will be held in room F of the Union building at 4 p. m., will be Doris Gamble, chairman of the office committee, and Bonita House, activities copamittee head. Tickets For Annual Military Ball To Go Ori Sale Next Week Ticket sales for the opening dance of the formal social season. Military ball, will begin early next week. The band which will play for the affair has not been announced as the various contracts which the committee has sent out have not all been returned. The band will be made public very shortly. There will be no contest for ballroom decorations this year as the committee has already decided upon the color motif^ and theme to be used. Student Union workers have been at work on the decorations for the past week. Although the committee is composed entirely of juniors and seniors, the ball is sponsored by the entire military training department. Thus preference in ticket sales will be offered to all military students in the order of years of service, that is seniors, juniors, basic students, and remaining students.
Tickets
... for Saturday night’s mixer featuring Ina Ray Huttpn and her all men orchestra will go on sale at 4 p. m. today in front of the sweet shop. The regular price of one dollar will prevail.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday* October 25* 1939
With Every Mail . . . that comes to our offices we can always count on half of it being war propaganda. Some of it is “purely propaganda,” the most prominent of this type being the new tabloid Facts in Review edited by the German Library of Information in New York City, but the majority of it is constructive propaganda aimed to keep the United States out Of the foreign war. It comes usually from editors of college papers throughout the country who feel, as we do, that the men who will fall under the draft are the ones that should have the most to say about American participation. Whether the originators of these many peace plans really feel the seriousness of the situation or are merely trying to make a name for themselves and their publication is hard to judge. As far as we can see, no one particular peace plan, of these that have come to our desk, will ever enjoy national recognition. However, the one big thing that is being accomplished is the education of the nation’s universities on the role the U. S. is playing in the foreign situation. If, through this education, we can be of the same mental attitude if and when the time comes for the lawmakers to make their decision, then our voice will be heard and all these many peace plans will not be in vain.
But
Last Week
... we suggested that something be done about abandoning present textbooks that do not cover the entire subject matter of the course in which they are being used. In their place we would substitute texts prepared by the instructors who teach the course. We brought out all the advantages of the new plan without forseeing the disadvantages. Since then they have been called to oui^attention. If the enrollment in a particular course be small, how could the issue of the book be made to pay for itself without raising the price ? To this we say how does any new book get a start? It must originate at one institution and then become popular in other schools until sufficient copies are being sold to make the price reasonable. You can not have a best seller every time, and somewhere there must be a book publishing company willing to gamble on a loss for a few years for the privilege of holding copyrights on the book. We suggested that the books be made in some form that would lend itself to easy revision. Perhaps a loose-leaf binding would do the trick.
By Romanoff It looks as if the only thing last year’s Debris is good for is to look up the picture of the gal you are to have a trade dinner date with. The handles on our desk drawers are just about to cry for help . . . we endeavored to keep our Debris (the only one in the house) out of sight last week when we had a trade dinner with one of the unsmoother sororities. • But alas ... no use . . . finally •we just tore out the page and hung it on the outside of our room door. * ♦ Cap Aretz, airport lessee, took on about 40 years this month when he saw this issue of the American. The author had Cap slated with 4,000,000 air miles to his credit. To roll up a score such as this. Cap would have to flown eight hours a day since he was a bab^. . Then there would also have been the problem of the Wright Brothers to contend with, too . . . they would have to have been on the ball about 20 years earlier than they were. 4* This just goes to show that OTHER publications make errors, too. Why doesn’t some athletic stadium architect wake up and build a stadium that would seat everyone on the 50-yard stripe? He could seat the spectators in a semi-circle up over the precious mid-field line. :|c Mi >!! If the spectators had trouble staying in their seats because of gravity or something, then he might scrap this system in favor of one where the players stayed in the middle of the stadium and the field moved up and down under them. ^ Mounted on rollers . . . the field could be rolled in the opposite direction from the direction of forward play, thus keeping the team on somewhat of a squirrel cage basis. The man with the ball would run and run until the^ goal line whipped by under him and then fall down. , :i! :1c We like it.
This plan is wgrking very satisfactorily in the General Engineering Department. The student has the assignment and the subject matter to be covered all in the same book. We invite more suggestions from the University on the matter, -whether they be constructive or destructive criticism. We still think that a plan, much better than the present system, can be worked out.—R. E. I.
9£ufL amt dhh. By Georgann Schilling Classes, like the poor, are always with us; so in spite of the fond memories of senior antics and Dad’s Day, we must once more tackle the books and the typewriter. Next week-end looks like a big time for students who like to swing and sway. In addition to the many pledge dances scheduled, Ina Ray Hutton’s band will descend upon us for a one night stand Saturday. Watch your men, gals! The blond bombshell means business. H & H The Newman Club has substituted a Hallowe’en Frolic for the Barnyard Frolic they formerly gave. This Hallowe’en party is planfted for Friday night, the same night as the Sigma Pi pledge dance. On Saturday night Delta . Upsilon fraternity and Phi Kappa Tau fraternity will have pledge dances at their chapter houses. The Betas and the Phi Delts ■will combine their forces and honor both fraternities’ pledges with a dance at the Beta house Saturday night. Phi Kappa Sigs will have a semi-formal dance the same night at their chapter house. H & H We beg to apologize for the error in the schedule of dances we gave
you the other day. Kappa Delta Rho dance is to be on November 4 instead of this Saturday night as we announced. So if you have been griping because your favorite KDR boy didn’t ask you dancing, charge the damage done to yours truly. H & H Quite the most popular fad in clothes this year is the sloppy joe cardigan which has been adopted almost a hundred per cent on campus. These sweaters, which are longer and fit more loosely than their predecessors are styled in every conceivable color and are even worn backwards by co-eds desiring a different touch for their costume. H & H College clothing fads have had their day, and a brilliantly colored day it was, too, but now the average college man is dressing with rhyme and reason. Instead of going overboard with yellow trousers, crimson coats and other manifestations of the enticement of color, the well-dressed undergrad is satisfy-
NOTICE It should be understood that any Hallowe’en rioting on the part of students will not be condoned by the University. Notice is now given that any student of the University guilty of participation in any rush rioting or any damage to property will not be considered as eligible to remain in the University. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President ing his craving for brighter, gayer hues in his ties, hosiery and accessories. By request, we are going.to feature style items from time to time in this column to help you in your shopping and also to let you be in the know about the appropriateness of your, chum’s clothes. '
LUMA — LAST DAY — BABY SANDY MISCHA AUER — IN — 'UNEXPECTED FATHER' - — A N D — LITTLE TOUGH GUYS — IN — 'CODE OF THE STREETS'
THURS. - FRI. - SAT. ROY ROGERS — IN—' 'Rough Riders Round-Up" — AND — EDWARD NORRIS — IN — "THE ESCAPE"
ARC
LAST DAY
WALTER WANGER presents smm — WITH — JOHN WAYNE CLAIRE TREVOR
A N D —
—ALSO — 'FLYING G-MEN" No. 15 "RED BARRY" No. 1
THURS. - FRI.-SAT. "MY SON IS A CRIMINAL" "BILLLY, THE KID, RETURNS' 'LONE RANGER RIDES AGAIN
-TODAY-
TWO SWELL SHOWS CAREER with Edward Ellis - Anne Shirley John Archer - Alice Eden — PLUS — NAUGHTY BUT NICE with ANN SHERIDAN DICK POWELL
STARTS TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATUURE How hard can you LAUGH? You’ll know when you see
PAT O'BRIEN WAYNE MORRIS - JOAN BLONDELl 1AY ROBSOS . MNF WYW.AN • STANLEY FIELDS -PLUSSMUGGLED CARGO — WITH — BARRY MACKAY ROCHELLE HUDSON
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Flash! Dick Kimball, Phi Gam, has finally decided to settle down! The lucky girl now wearing his pin is Marianne Nichols—a quick romance, a flip of the line, and the fish is hooked. —B & B— What is this world coming to ? B. L*eon Stroup, senior, was demoustached by a dozen co-eds last Saturday night. He Was a little embarrassed when the subject of depantsing was brought up, but the thought was quelled. —B & B— ... and here is cute, blonde Peggy Howard’s idea of a co-ed: The average girl comes'to school to win The richest man with the biggest frat pin. At first its a Phi Delt who catches her eye But she soon leaves him flat for a feweet Sigma Ghi. The independents, she takes them in turns. But none are the right men for her she soon learns. So after she wastes four years’ time and dad’s dough She returns home and marries some local bozo. —B & B— The rivalry between freshmen and seniors .must still be going on. An “undecided” someone sends this bit in: , It’s tough to be a senior, I Then find it ain’t enuff To have a tiny bit of wisdom And a great big bit of bluff. —B & B— How nice! —B & B— Contribs are getting few and far between. Poems and jokes are all right, but we would appreciate a few “dirt” particles. We’re running out of names.
Copr. 1R39 by United Festorp Syodu Tm B,*. V. S. Pat, Off.—All rlllil*
‘Frankly, I been offered more money, but the wife won't let me accept liquor advertisements!”
Then there’s that 192-lb. “Activity Man” R. C. McNeil who told his salesman that they would have to stop dating and sell more Debris’ before the price went up . . . incidentally, “^ig Mac” wants'them to stop dating girls that he sees possibilities in himself. . —B & B— There are some good pictures playing at the Mars, eh? (Boy, am I subtle.) Subscribe to THE EXPONENT
Purdue ExponentR. E. Insley. Edltor-inrChief W. E. Smith... Business Managrer D. G. Terrio .........Editorial Director G. W. Frederick .....Manasingr Editor E. M. Antonini Senior Advertising: Manager G. SchilUng Co-ed Editor R. Jenkins : Sports Edtior Phones: Editorial, 4005; Business, 5038; Sports, 2792 Published daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post ofUce in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for In Section 1108, Act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. -Night Editor ...DeHoog Issue Editor ...Mueller
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
DARRYIF. TANUCK'S produeKonol
immmirn '.Mm ZW» BYEAMECHE It EDWARD BROMBERG • ALAN CURTIS STUART ERWIN • iEO PROUTV BUSTER KEATON-DONALD MEEK GEORGE GIVOT • EDDIE COLLINS A 20th Century-Fox Picture
TOMORROW - FRIDAY DEAD END KIDS with the LITTLE TOUGH GUYS — IN — "CALL A MESSENGER"
uoimnu —LAST TIMES TODAY—
1^ THURS. - FRI.-SAT. ^Robert A Non CUMMINGS • GREY .jjj^^GtORIA JEAN ''wimm aBnIbIi BONDI^Viralnlo WEIDUR ★Mayont UNDSAY*C Avbrov SMITH Mf ABillyGILBERTAANNGIlUS a W RoyMOMd WAUURN*Pa«l aVANAGH^
^ou'M Stant Ckaanlnql tko n^omarit
Sqq nfkaiiQ
i/l
Softly tailored, these new Jeanne d’Arcs reflect the trend toward more feminine clothes. Their fabric, a rich pebbly crepe woven of rayon yarn, drapes gracefully and looks expensive. Above:—interpretation of the shirt-waist frock with moulded waistline and long sleeves. Below:— A honey of a dress that your "date" will dote on. The untrimmed round collar fits snugly. Bright nailheads gleam in the big belt and the pocket flaps. Both styles in black, Adirondack green, burnt sugar, La Rouge red and blue flame. 9 to 17. $7.95 ♦Reg. U. S. IV Off.
LOEB & MENE COAM>ANy Sports Shop Second FloorWednesday, October iLh, 1939
^xfumsnL fiaqsL
Ward Cross-Country Runners Compete On Intramural field This-Afternoon
This afternoon at 4:20 Intramural Field will be the scene of the annual ward cross-country meet. Ed Holderman won this event last year, setting a new record for the two and a half mile course of 12 minutes, 21.1 seconds. Any number of men are eligible — —
AGR'sDownSAE2-0; To Play Kappa Sigs For Fraternity Crown
to enter for each ward, with the first three to finish from each ward being considered as a team Members of the winning team will be presented medals and thd' individual winner will receive a medal All men should meet in the Fieldhouse lobby at 4 o’clock, where they will receive instructions and their
numbers The race will start at 4 20 on the east side of Intiamural field and the runneis will circle the course three times.
I-M Schedules
Official
Tau Kappa
TOUCHBALIy—Today
Field
1— Alpha Kappa Lambda vs
Epsilon Brinduse 2— Delta Upsilon vs Sigma Nu Luce 3— Beta Sigma Psi vs Lambda Chi Alpha
Smithson
4— Beta Theta Pi vs Delta Tau Delta
Mann
5— Kappa Sigma vs Theta Tau Leppla 6— Theta Chi vs Tau Epsilon Phi McGrath 7— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Pi Kappa Phi Juillard 8— Acacia vs Alpha Chi Rho Papurca •I—Delta Chi vs Tau Epsilop Phi Chaffee 10—Kappa Delta Rho vs Phi Delta Theta Juillard
For real luxurious comfort all day ever/ day in the year, Allen A spring needle knit underwear leads the world See our full range of smart niim hers from shorter than shorts to ankle length in a variety of weights and mixtures They wear longer, launder het ter. Come in today
MEHICCI PIPES, CIGARETTE & CIGAR HOLDERS ^*^NLY filter combining 66 baffle interior and cellophane exterior, keeps nicotine, juices, flakes out of mouth. No breaking in.
No tongue bite. Bretiks up hot smoke stream, resulting in mild, healthy FILTERED SMOKING.
•RAir
MEDICO I
FINEST BRIAR
, MONEY CAN BUY
GENUINE FILTERS FOR MEDICO PIPES PACKED ONLY IN THIS RED & BUCK BOX
SHIRTS & SHORTS
Add to Your Gollection from
SOUTHWORTH'S
FRANK MEDICO SELECTION
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings
Photographers from Dexhimer-Carlon Studios, Indianapolis, are taking DEBRIS pictures in the DEBRIS Workshop, first door to the left at the top of the stairs on the second floor of the Union Building, starting at 8;00 a. m., each morning. Every senior has a sitting scheduled for a definite time and will receive a cord through the moil telling tho exact time of the sitting.
DEBRIS editors state that it is very important that each senior report to the DEBRIS Workshop at his appointed time. If it is impossible for him to be there he should notify the DEBRIS office beforehand and make a different oppointmenL
A minimmn charge of $1.50 is made for the regular DEBRIS pictures and is payable at the time the picture is token.
WEDNESDAY, OCT 25
10 35
Luce, C B
3 45
Abolin T
1 45
Lucas, L E
10 45
Clifton, Gray M
10 40
Ludwig C M
4 50
Ferris, J R.
8 40
Lukenbill, R S
8 25
Haiges, J. j
1 1 55
Lundberg F ]
4 25
Levy, Theodore A
8 45
Luth, L A
10 10
Lewis, Dean
1 1 50
Lutz C F
2 45
Lewis, Mira
9 45
Lynch J D
2 00
Liebrech Paul C
1 15
Lyons R S
10 55
Lilly, Allisan
1 1 00
Riffin, P V
1 10
Linderman, 1 E
10 00
Ripenburg, A W
9 20
Lindley, M 0
9 00
Risk j A
10 15
Little Charlotte
1110
Roberts Dorothy May
9 25
Liu Nai Chien
8 00
Roberts, H A
10 20
Logan D E
4 00
Robison F W
10 25
Lohr, C T
1 00
Roderich Barbara
9 30
Long, R
11 15
Roembike j E
4 30
Lord, j K
8 05
Rogers A S
10 30
Lorenz, L |
8 10
Rohn, Abbott
1 1 40
Loveless, E E
1 20
Rohrbaugh R W
9 35
Loveridge B T
8 15
Rone J R
- 4 35
Lubbehusen L A
2 50
Roper, Janet
8 20 9 50 4 45 4 05 1 1 25
M
3 55 1 05 3 50 1 55 1 50 3 00 9 10 8 30 4 15 10 05 9 15 1 1 30 8 35 1 1 35 1 1 45 2 05 9 55
Rose, J H
Rose, T W Rosenberg Ross C A
Rossman C A
Roth H D Roth Joan B Roth, R R
Rothenberger Arlene Rothenberger E E
Rubin I
Ruch, S E Ruck Romma G Runcie E T Ruppert C F Rush Martha Ellen Russell Grace S
Russell H
Ryder, C G Spicker Mane Suabedissen R H Timms H L
mo
CDsbhhu
‘^omfdsJta, ^antpuA, (^vaAaqsL
gicMoh'A ^hoksL
Riveter Cross-Country Team Travels To Wisconsin For Meet This Week End
With the snaring of a high foul outside the thud base line by AGR third baseman Clodfelter, the semifinal playoffs foi the interfraternity baseball ciown were concluded with Sigma Alpha Epsilon going down to defeat at the hands of Alpha Gamma Rho to the tune of 2-0. In the quaiter-finals, the AGR squad took Lambda Chi Alpha with a score of 7-5, and now goes into the final round when they meet the Kappa Sigs to determine which shall assume fraternity baseball supremacy Both Greek squads played excellent ball with few errors being made on either squad, but the AGR “murderer’s row” plus the pitching of Art Hurst made up a combination which was just a little too tough for the SAE pillsockers to top
By Robert J. Deckard
Upon reaching the midway point of the current pigskin season, 10 major gridiron contingents, on the basis of performance and potential ppwer, have become outstanding candidates in the race for national laurels. —^fc—
Still seeking their first victory of the season. Coach Hermon Phillips’ cross-country team will line up against the formidable Wisconsin squad in their third start. The meet with the Badgers will be held at Madison at 11 o’clock Saturday morning. Ill II I ■■■I— Time trials will he staged on the
All-Star Softball Team To Be Named By New Committee
Probably the best all-around team m tfie country is Notre Dame’s Irish. And we don’t mean luayhe! They’ve got everything, including a good line, a wonderful backfield, a heady coach, a flock of reserves who are capable of assuming any duties that might come their way; in fact, the Irish are of championship calibre, and they’ve clearly shown it. So FC ranks ’em in post No 1 —^fc—
Going on down the line, we 'find that Southern California is our second choice, and Oklahoma and Cornell follow, both holding down post 3 m EC’s standings Then Tennessee hops on board at 4, while Mississippi, Michigan, Texas A and M , Ohio State, and Nebraska hold down the rest of the field in the order listed —^fc—
Where does FC place Purdue in this lineup? The Boflermakers played Notre Dame and negotiated a 3 0 loss and tied Minnesota 13-up. These two outfits boast a pretty good record. The Michigan State game proved to be practically an exhibition game. But the playing of the Boilermakers versus the other pair puts them in the good graces of the nation’s sport writers and fans. We believe that the Boilermakers would place somewhere in the upper 20^s. —^fc—
Picking an all-star team from the hundreds of fellows who have been playing softball on Intramural field these past few weeks is a tough job, but that IS just what the intramural department is undertaking this week All fraternity and ward managers have been sent blanks on which they aie to place their suggestions, and these blanks are to be handed in to the intramuial office as an aid in t^e selection of the all-star squad In the final selections, a great deal of importance will be attached to nominations leceived by mdivid\ial playeis from the athletic manageis of opposing teams The final squad will be composed of 15 men, who will be awarded keys and a ceitificate as a recognition of meiit A committee of seven men has been chosen to make the final selections The committee is composed of H A Schumacher, R Kersey, J Benna, M A Keller, C B Metz, R Schroedei, and Rolfe Jenkins
‘up-
As a rule, theie is the tail-ender, and we give that honor to Chicago’s Maroons It is true that the Midway outfit “smothered” Wabash, 12 to 2, but that was an upset so big that sports writeis almost broke down with laughtei when the Wabashers “allowed” Chicago to bop ’em Incidentally, the men from Crawfordsville have been playing
lather decent ball since that
set” thiee weeks ago
The Maroon organization—that’s the woid—has “played” in four games this yeai, winning one and losing thiee Beloit nipped ’em, 6 to 0, and then the Maroons went off on a tangent and dropped Wabash, 12 to 2 Then came a couple of clubs that had no mercy Harvard did everything at Chicago but take up tickets A 61-whitewash for the Cs ^Michigan’s Wolverines, clearly sore because the Harvard lads treated their hosts so poorly, decided to out-do the Elys, and made a mere
85 points
Up to date Chicago opponents have made 155 points against the Maroons’ 12
local course this afternoon to determine the speediest group of Riveters to be pitted against the brilliant Badgers, who two weeks ago outlan Indiana, 23 to 32, while last Saturday the Hoosiers in turn defeated the Boilermakers, 20 to 39. Mehl Bolsters Badgers With an attack depending mainly on Walter Mehl, crack speedster, the Badgers have several other runners who can also gather points. Last spring Mehl raced into second place at the national intei collegiate track meet in the two-mile event. In 1938, however, Mehl displayed his best form in capturing the national championship in the two-mile jaunt by outrunning Greg Rice of Notre Dame, who took second place The Boilermaker squad will leceive a severe test against the Badgeis, especially Ed Holderman, who has thus far escaped defeat in a collegiate cross country meet With Mehl carrying Wisconsin’s victory hopes, and Holderman being depended upon by Coach Phillips, the matching should provide advance notice of the ranking of some of the Middle West’s top flight runneis Hoosiers Capture Us Bowing in defeat foi the second time tins fall, the Riveters were subdued by Indiana last Saturday, despite the efforts of Ed Holderman, who outdistanced the field to win his second race of the year Missing the course record by only 20 seconds, Holderman completed the loute in 17 minutes and 5 seconds However, the next five places were annexed by the Hoosieis Other Boilermakers who placed were as follows Reeves, seventh; Shulman, ninth, and J White, who finished tenth.
Whitney, Billiards Coach, To Play Sfeinbaugh Tonight
Tonight at 7 30 Frank Whitney, billiards coach, will play a billiards match with E. H Stembaugh in the billiard room of the Union Steinbaugh IS expected to make the team which IS to play in the intei collegiate tournament next spring
3<€dL QnMiihjcdwn,
Distinctive shoes for every occasion on your winter calendar sports, street, afternoon, and dressy events Priced to please your budget
*2 ” *3-
85
Sizes—3 Vx to 9 Widths—AAAA to C
COLORS BROWN BLACK BLUE GREEN WINE
LOEB &HENE COAAPANY Budget Shoe Shop
,1
/
I i I 1
J'a ''S
?ii? -' f‘
V’k
Attendance Record For School Conclaves Smashed Last Year According to an announcement made recently, during the past year previous attendance records for the special short courses and conferences held here were broken by a margin of 6,000 persons with a total attendance of 33,913. The courses covered a wide variety of subjects, ranging all the way from poultry to pig-iron. Agricultural Conference, or farm and home week, drew 8,768 persons; the 4-H Club round-up, 2,411; fire school, 426; road school, 1,097; warm-air heating and sheet metal vorkers’ school, 1,200; football clinic, 350; business conference, 325. Many other schools also drew large groups. Indications are that the group taking advantage of these oppoi'tunities will be even larger than last year. These figures do not include the two million who attended extension meetings sponsored by the University.
I TbuvJL By Donna Siess All students are invited to join WAA members in a moonlight hike to take place, Monday, October 30. Those desiring to participate are to meet on the lawn of WRH South at 5:30 p. m. A picnic suppei will follow the louted hike. —waa— Tiyouts for Triton, swimming club, aie being held today at 4 p. m. in the Memorial Gymnasium. Any co-ed IS eligible for tryouts. —waa— Mixed lecreation sponsored by WAA’ ‘sportsw’omen will be held Fiiday, Octobei 27, at 7;30 p. m. No admission is charged to co-eds. A 10-cent admission fee will be chaiged to those eds desiring to swim. All equipment ivill be available foi 1 ecreafional purposes. —waa— Hockey practice is being held eveiy day at 4 p. m. Upperclass women aie required to have six piactices for hockey team participation and fieshman co-eds must have eight piactices. Co-ed Applications For Flight Course End Oct. 28 Co-eds^who wi.sh to einoll in the special flight training course at the University this semester have until Saturday to make application. Applications may be made with Miss Ruth Houghton, director of placement for women. The cost is $40 per person w'hich includes the $6 medical examination. Only two women can be accejited for training this semester.
flhone 3085
Save Mother! Let American do your laundry and take this burden off her shoulders!
You'll be glad you did it! And you'll both like American's work. Phone for Pick-Up.
American Laundry West Side Office 132 Vine St.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK ■4th & Mam Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Jewelers
• Hardware
Hays jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Dairy Products
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St Phone 4354
M. E. MOREHOUSE DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Locksmith
• Dine
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-n N 5th St. Phone 2828
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Mam St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
THE PURDOE EXPONENT
Wednesday# October 25# 1939
General Marshall Will Speak At Annual State Dinner Next Saturday Guest of honor and principal speaker at the annual state dinner for United States reserve officers of Indiana to be held in Indianapolis Saturday will be Gen. George C. Marshall, chief of staff of the U. S. Army. The expected 750 reserve officers w’ho will attend the dinner will be looking forward to the pleasure of entertaining the chief of staff Avhose visit in light of the present world situation will be unusually significant. General Marshall is recognized as one of the most brilliant strategists and capable commanders to have reached his present position. Presentations of honoi-s to reserve regiments and individuals for outstanding work done during the past year will precede General Marshall’s address. YWCA To Plan Year's Sodal Program Tomorrow At 4 Girls interested in working on YWCA are invited to attend the meeting of the social committee when it meets tomorrow at 4 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Union building. The committee, with Ruth
Wattleworth as chairman, will plan the year’s social program for YW. Membership in YWCA is not necessary to work on the committee. Thirteen girls have signed up fio work on this project.
NOTICES No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Assessments of 76c per man living in your houses for fire and police protection must be paid to Grosh, Phi Kappa, by November 1. Please attend to this, matter. (11-1) —-CATTERALL.
WAA Council: Meeting Thursday night, October 26, in women’s gym at 7 o’clock. —WALKER. YWCA Offlct Committee: All those iftterested in working on the office committee attend the meeting in the women’s lounge of the Union building Friday, October 27, at 4 p. m. —WOEPFLE.
to take idle examination must make arrangements with the undersigned before noon December 2, 1089. (11-2) —MESSERSMWH Agronomy Student^: Meeting in Recei^ion room of Union at 7 p. m., Thursday, October 26. —FLANAGAN.
Teeter, L. V. and Blakslee, E. L.; Bruck, L. W. and Kr&tch, H.; Carmichael, C. W. and Klinker, J. E.: Siljander, W. A. and Richardson, F. C.; Harvey, H. E. and Slate, F. O.; KOanei M.-E. and Wheeler, S. H. For further details see bulletin board In Armory. —PAULCONER.
Lafayette Philatelic Society: Pot luck supper at 6 p. m. tonight, October 26, in the Museum at 7th and Main St. in Lafayette. All members and anyone else interested is urged to come and bring food of some kind. After the meal, Hubert Wood will speak on ‘‘Engraving of Plates for Printing Stamps.” —MILLER.
YWCA Cabinet: Cabinet meeting on Friday, October 27, at 4 p. m. in the office. All members please be present. —COOLLY.
PIA Dance Class: Class will be held on Thursday, October 26, at 7 p. m. in Memorial Gym. —LUTZ.
WSGA Executive Board: Important meeting Wednesday. October 25. at 7:46 p. m. in room A of the Union building. —SICKMAN.
Modern D-'nce: Junior dance group meets every Tuesday and Thursday at 4 p. ip. after October 26. Senior dance group meets eveiy Friday, stalling on October 27 at 4 p m —KNIGHT. Alpha Theta Pledges: Meeting in Agricultui 1st office Wednesday, Octobei 25 at 7 p m. —MUNFORD.
Battery E-1: Militaiy softball semi-final game will be played Wednesday, October 25, at 4:16 p. m on diamond 12. —LAYCOCK.
CB 41: An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in room 208, CE building, from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, October 28. —GREVE. Mixed Recreation: Every Friday night beginning at eight o’clock and sponsored by the Purdue Sportswomen. A variety of sports are Offered including swimming. Everyone welcome. (l0-27) —MATHER. Cancellations: Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before noon Saturday, October 28. Cancellation cards are obtainable from heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after October 28 if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men. —DEAN OF MEN.
Horseback Riding: Lecture on horseback riding in women’s gymnasium, Wednesday, October 26. at 4 p. m. For those who cannot attend, the same lecture will be given on Thursday, November 2. , „„„ —WALKER.
Mortar Board: Meeting in Grill at 11 :,45 a. m., Wednesday, October 25. Bring money for j'ackets. —SAURER. Triton: You may pass off your test requirements on Wednesday and Thursday afternoons, October 25 and 26, from 4 to 4 :30 p. m. in women’s gym. —SPEARS.
Debris Photography Staff: Important meeting in Debris office on Wednesday, October 26, at 4 p. m. —DYER.
Co-eds: All co-eds interested in WAA archery tournament meet at range at 4 o’clock Thursday, October 27, or Monday, October 30. —MOREHOUSE,
POMM Pledges: There will , be a flag raising ceremony for all POMM pledges on Thursday, November 26, at 7 a. m. Uniforms will be worn. Meet in front of the Armory. —HOTLER. Outing Club: Hayride scheduled for Friday, October 27, has been cancelled. A night hike October 30 will replace it Call George Shawkins or Marjorie Ward befoie Friday, October 28, for reservations. —SHAWKINS. Wesley Foundation Social Committee: Meeting Wednesday, October 25, has been cancelled, —SCHULTE.
WAA Field Hockey: Open piactice at 4 p. m. every day, (10-28) —FRAZIER. All Seniors: If you have not received a post card advising time of Debris picture sitting and if you want your picture in the 1940 Debris arrange for a sitting at once in the Debris office, second floor of Union. (10-26) —WILLIAMSON. Novice Pistol: The fourth novice pistol group will start on Tuesday, October 31. Students desiring to fire this course may sign in Supply room between 8 a. m. and 6 p. m. —CAPT. HOLMES.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting in room C of the Union building on Monday evening, October 80, at 7 :30. Rev. Ainslie will be the speaker. —BURBRINK.
Alpha Zeta Pledges: Meeting Wednesday, 7 p. m., in Agricultural Office. —MUMFORD.
Alpha Zeta: Regular meeting at 7:30 p. m., Wednesday, October 26, In old Agricultural room. —HITCHCOCK.
Scabbard and Blade: Short meeting at 6 :S0 p. m. preceeding smoker on Wednesday, October 26. Will continue important business of last session. —OLSON.
Flying Club: Meeting Wednesday, October 26, at 7 p. m. in room C of the Union. —KIMBALL.
Wesley Players: Men are needed for production staff. Students interested in staging call Walter Kettenring, 8436: those wanting on the lighting crew call Lucky Godbey, 2663. Women are needed for make-up committee. Call Marj'orle Hoover. —McFADDEN.
Purdue Agriculturist: Important meeting of editorial assistant editors in the office Wednesday. October 26, at 4 p. m. —JENKINS Follow Your “EXPONENT OF THE AIR” WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
Mechanical Engineering Students: All who expect to graduate prior to February, 1941, are expected to take the senior engineering inspection trip this fall. (11-1) —YOUNG.
Pi Tau Sigma Actives: Be sure to be at softball game with honorary members on Diamond 10, Wednesday, October 26, at 4 p. m. —HART. Glider Club: Meeting Thursday, October 26, at 7 :16 p. m. in room' C of the Union. ,# —MILLER. BE Juniors and Seniors: Only members as of October 28 can be included in the AIEE Debris picture. Sign up now in the main office of the EE building. • —NITCHE.
Conditions in M.E. 31: An examination for the removal of conditions in M. E. 31 will be held in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering building commencing at 1 p. m Saturdajr, December 9, 1939. Those wishing
Howitzer Squads: The following juniors of Howitzer Squads will meet in room 202 of the Armory at 4 p. m., Thursday, October 26, for purpose of organization, drawing up of schedules, etc. It is important that at least one of the two juniors in each squad attend this meeting: Golding, B. and Anil, L. ; Hawker, R. E. and Murray, P. C. ;
Classified Ads FOR RENT FOR RENT—Nice modern single room. Quiet. 420 Evergreen. Phone 56034. FOR SALE TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as lew as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 60$ Main Street.
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Black and white springer spaniel named “Rip” at Dad’s Day game. $6.00 reward Jim Ashton, 6226.
HERBERT HOOVER OUTLINES PROGRAM TO KEEP THE U. S. OUT OF WAR. From his experience in the last war, Herbert Hoover speaks out in this week’s Post with an authority in many ways unrivalled by any living American. Read his five-pointprogramfortheU.S.in WeMustKeep Out.
^‘COOE" SAID THE SUBSTANTIAL BLONDE, ACCORDING TO P. G. WODEHOUSE. When Freddie Widgeon took Bingo’s baby to the beach to get a whack of ozone ... When the well-nourished blonde with golden hair flung her arms around Freddie... (It’s no use! We defy anyone to describe this plot! It’s 9944/100% pure Wodehouse!)
DETECTIVE IN A WHEEL CHAIR. Rather odd that Aunt Sue was giving the detectives precise instructions for finding the kidnapers of her nephew. But even from her wheel chair she had a hawk-eyed way of noting trivia others overlooked. Read Miss Useless and the Underworld by Almet Jenks.
STEPHEN VINCENT BENET BRINGS YOU A MEMORABLE SHORT STORY.. . Daniel Webster g.nd the Ides of March, a simple, moving story of how the history of the United States was changed by one casual visit of Mr. Webster’s with a hermit in the New Hampshire mountains.
GRANTLAND RICE INTRODUCES THE WORLD'S GREATEST GOLF TEACHER. Here he is, duffers. The Malignant Morri'son, who has the whole exasperating game boiled down to eight simple words! ALSO... stories, editorials, cartoons—all in this week’s Post.
An explosion aft. The sound of rending steel. Light bulbs broke in their sockets; men were thrown off theirTeet.The conning-tower eye ports were^nder. Shewasgoingdownfast, now. Seventy, eighty feet.Thedestroyer passeddirectly overhead. ’ ’ We promise you an exciting experience in this week’s Post. A pulse-thumping story of how it feels to be in a U. S. submarine. Scouting the enemy. In the heat of battle. Here’s a story of modern submarine warfare told with photographic clarity by a man who has seen service underseas.
hy Alec Hudson
HOW MUCH ARE COLLEGE FOOTBALL PLAYERS PAID? # And when pay gets so high the blow-off comes, what happens to the school? Francis Wallace, sports authority, takes you through the complete cycle of pay, bigger pay, championship teams, then school explosion—as it happened at the University of Pittsburgh. Uncovering actual financial records for you, he reveals startling facts. In two parts—both plenty hot! Test Case at Pitt by FRANCIS WALLACE
ii