ir
Twelve Prtjgrams
Strickland Gillilan Will Speak Sept. 13
Boblced For
timber 13 with an address by eratic soprarto, will sing bete Satur- pediances Here Ptt November 29 Strickland Gillilan, humorist and day, Octobbr 3 Puccini’s opera, “La The final convocStloft of the fiill authoi who is foimei editor of the Boheme” will be presented on Oc- term will feature the Don Cossack Marion (Ind ) Daily Tribune, oiig- tober 24 On N^ovember 6, Walter Kussian male choius on Saturday, inatoi of the famous “Off agin, Duranty, foreign col respondent for Decembet 12 ^ on agin, Gohe agin, Pinnigm” and the New York Times since 1921 and Violinist To jGivc Concert
Twelve attiactions, including comirig academic yeai, accbrdmg to writer of the “Danny and i^'anny,” author of “I Wiite As 1 Please,”, Zino Pancesatti, noted violinist, some of the nation’s leading musical Pi of J T Gunh, chaliman of the “t<augh It Off,” and “Sample Case “One Life, One Kopeck,” and “The will present an afternoon conceit on organizhtions and Ifectmers, hdve faculty committee in charge of con of Huhioi.” Gold Tram” will deliver a lecture Sunday, January 10, and on Janbeen schediilbd to appear at regtildr vocations Bido Sayko. Coming Oct 3 The St Louis Symphony Orches- uaiy 22, Fiedprick Biokashm, noveltlmversity convocatibns dtinng the The fall senes '^111 open on Sep- Bido Sayao, Metiopolitan op- tra will continue its senes of ap- ist, poet, and world traveler, will
lecture On “Lisbon]” where he has spent much time recently The Ballet Rtlsse will return foi a performance on Febiiiary 24 Julien Bfyan r^ill deliver* two illristrated lectures on “Argentina and Brazil” in the afternoon and evening of February 24 University Musicbl Organizations will appear in their anntial convocation role on SundaV, March 6 The
Indiftnkapolis Symphony will play a rctorh engagement on March 16. An open date wht^h provides for presentation of a play remains to be filled, according to Prof Gunn. Season Tickets Arc $5.00 Season tickets at $5 00 each will be on sale approximately at the time of the opening of the fall term, August 31
EDITOR IN CHIEF Clarifies Rumors Flooding Campus
Established 1889
• Ruin The Ruhr’
ROTTLE HECK Investigates River Boat
Volume 54* No. 29
West Laf^yett^, Ifidiena
Wednesday, July 15, 1942
Dr. Elliott To Speak At Con VO July 31 War Council Reschedules Program Following President's Check-Up Trip Taking time out from his numerous duties as co-ordinator of civilian war training, Dr Elliott returned to the University last week end foi a swift check-up trip, and informed the Student War Council that he would be unable to appear at the convocation scheduled for this Friday The convocation, at which Elliott will talk on “The ■ ■■ —.— Student’s Part in the War,” f will be postponed until Fiiday, ^ If * V GtSIXy July 31, at 11 a m ^ ^ li# Classes Will Be Dismissed ff03C/ S 31
Classes will be dismissed for
the program, and the Student Of
War Council has stated that It f HV-f is important for all students to Elliott Will Direct
500,000 Specialists
attend The convocation will not be
broadekst
Di Elliott will be the only speak
Piesident Elliott in his new lole
ei, and tentative plans have been ^ . , ^ n, , , . as cooldinatoi of civilian wai tram
made foi the Glee Club to sing two
numbeis
To Explain Students’ Status
ing with the Wai Man Power Boaid m Washington, has lecently been assigned to ducct thicc ofhei divi
Main puipose of Elliott’s address conceined with the tiaining will be to answei questions in the allocation of men m the na minds of students with icgaid to Lons wai cffoit it was learned the wai effoit He \m1I explain their duime his visit to the campus this
status in the diaft, the intiieacies of end
’the many icscive pUns now being Elliott was gianted an indefinite offered and the need foi and posi lefj,ve of absence fiom the IJnivcr
tion of those who plan to go into
Indiiotiy upon giadi ition Works With P V McNutt
Seiving undci Paul V McNutt, chairman of the FcdCial M in Power
sity a short time ago to handle im poitant woik in connection with the War Man Powei Board
Spoke In Chicago
Returning homo Saturday night
Campus USO Drive Ends Today, Stands $63 Short Of Goal PIA Will Canvass House-To-House Incomplete returns last night on the student contiibution to the USO drive show the campus is still fGS short of its goal of $400, according to Ralph Deustei, president of the War Council The student diive will close today and all organizations and individuals who hav6 not as yet made their contribution are uiged to do so today Included in the $337 collected so far are a $150 donation from Cary Halls and $70 from the Women’s Residence Halls Still to be solicited are the Independent students who will be contacted today by a house to house campaign conducted by the PIA Boxes have been placed in the Sweet Shop and the Union Cafeteria for students who are not contacted at then lesidences By yesterday faculty contiibu tions had icached $1900 with three moi e daj s in which to i each the goal of $2,000 Theie has been no personal solicitation among the fac ulty members and checks aie still
coming m
Tippecanoe county on Monday had half of its $11,400 share of the national goal of $32 000 000 in the bank and yesterday between $2000 and $0000 was received to bung the total to about $10 000 The county diive will close vith a final lepoit luncheon on Iiiday
Musft Festival Will End Saturday With Two-Speaker Convocation
How To Live A Safe Summer,
Doc Miller Offers
I
Hot Weather Advice Comes hot weather, comes some advice from the Hoalth Services’ Dr Miller concerning precautions to be taken for
correct summer living
In regard to the problems presented by the sun. Dr Miller advises' Avoid excessive sunburn, wear dark glasses when m the, sun, when exposed to tire sun for any length of time, wear a hat and suitable clothing. Prepare for Swimming metaphen on lacerations, abidsions. Swimming has its dangers, burns, dirty punctured . , wounds should be cleaned and anti and to prepare for them. Dr ^e applied, any punc Miller states* Dont swim in tmed wound should be consideied "contaminated rivers, streams, for lockjaw and should have anti or lakes in very hot weather tetanic serum if m doubt, parts of when the water is low, follow constantly exposed to pel
spiiation should be iiequently
BtaiiliSn hutha/hi,
'Tune hetective' To Talk
all rules of sanitation aiound pools, bathe thoionghly before entering
pools, use clean bathing suits, don’t . , , , . ,, . once on mosquito 01 chigger bites in walk around foot baths, in case of . ^ ^ ,
cleansed and protected with pow dels and ciearns, use antiseptics at
mfeslion by athlete s foot, get caily
J VV..L>U living kJCi 141 lUCI ^ — l j * I 8 <
Commission and Fedciil Sceuiities alter addressing the Institute for r I'OT. «V\. WlllOygriDy
administi ition Elliott has been aet ing, foi the past three weeks, as directoi of the leehnicil and mill taiy sei vices of the schools of high
er education
His position is W ishinglon li ii son agent foi the colleges in the countiy makes him able to discuss with ceitunty the status of stu dents in the piescnt emcigeney
NYA Bulletin UnoHieial word has reached us that the NYA Program may be continued on a ieduced scale All undcrgiadiiate men students in tereated in woik on NYA projects are advised to call at the Personnel Office for applications at once ' Women sutdents may secure applicatififi blanks at the office of the Placement Service for Women If, and when, an aUdimeht has been offecially assigned to the University, applicants will be notified NYA COMMIT 1 EE
Howitzer Squads Hold Summer
Hiphci Education at the University of Chicago, he spent the week end on campus Duiing his visit Elliott disclosed the nature of his new duties Be sides the over all task of heading up the woik of Colleges and univer sities of Ameiica in the wai effoit he now has under his diiection three othei laige divisions conceined with man powei use m the war These divisions aie thC national lostei which is a listing Of the piofessional and specialized peisbn nel of 500,000 men a unit cieated some months ago at the suggestion of the science committee of the Na 'tional Resources Planning Boaid of which Di Elliott IS a membei, the piocuiement and assignment office, which lb the oigamzation foi the selection of physicians and suigeons for military service and the pio giam foi engineering, science and management defense training, which IS under the U S Office of Ed-
ucation
All of these piogiams aie in eluded ^ndei the division of pio fessional and technical employment and training of which Di Elliott is the director TKA Panel Discussion
of the clothing and textile de paitment, school of home economics, has been selected to the board of women commissioners of HiHsdalo college, at Hillsdale Mich Pi of Willoughby received hci AB degree at Hillsdale and a master degree at the Columbia Univeisity teacheis’ college
Older to prevent infection, be on
, , , ,, , constant lookout for poison ivy and treatment, if troubled with eai, eye, , , , , , ,, 1 1 , , 0 ik if possible exposiue uhen wash
01 binub trouble keep your head out
of water when swimming
Advice foi foods include Mam tain a light diet, eat more vege tables and fiuits and less meats and staichcs, shun cold diinkb espc cially aftei excessive exertion, dunk plenty of water, cool but not
cold, take sodium chloiide tablets the election of office!s foi the fall
thoroughly with soap and watei as soon a& possible Cleansing with
alcohol also helps
Delta Upsilon social fiaternity, announces
foi advance protection against loss of salt fiom the system Doc’s Medical Advice
semester Those chosen were Geoige Gaid president, Jim Thoma , vice president, Kenneth Roque
Medical advice includes Picvcnt moie, iccording secictaiy, and Joe infections by early u'^c of antisep Richaids, house manager and tieas tics such as tinctuie of iodine tine uicr Bob Secbiugei it the letiiing ture of merthiolate, or tincture of president
Climaxing the University’s fourth annual music festival, Dr. Sigmund Spaeth, famous “tune detective”, will appear at a regular summer cdnvocation in the Music Hall Saturday night at 7 30 The pYd&tam Will also include presentation of awards to groups and individuals winning m competitive festival classes, and an address by Dr Hernane Tavares de Sa, Brazilian educator and journalist, who will be visiting the cam-
pus this weekend.
The music festival, under the direction of Albert P Stewart, . will serve as the Indiana preliminary contest for the annual Chicagoland music festival to be held later this summer Competitive classes will include vocal; baton twirling for juvenile, junior, and senior groans; instrumental, and choral competition Winners will perform at the convocation before
receiving their awards
Spaeth to Act as Vocal Judge Spaeth will serve as judge for the vocal and choral sections along with Mrs C Lloyd Billman, of Manila, national head of the Fedeiation of Music CluBs, Joseph Lautner, head of the Arthur Joidon Conservatory of Music, Indianapolis, Claude Smith, instiumental supeivisoi of Evansville high schools, and Joseph
Dr. SlgmUrid Spaeth, nation- Ragams, of the University staff ,, , ,, , ,, Spaeth’s lecture on “Music for ally known tune detective, drawn from his exWill appear at a regular summer penences and background as a wiitconvocation Saturday night at musician and lectur
ei Since obtaining his Ph D degree
7 30 in the Music Hall, as part at Princeton, he has held many posi of the University's fodrth an Lons as both literary and music
nual music festival observance
Draftees For Farm And Factory Fronts . . . Problems Of Industrial Piracy', Housing, Transportation Hinder Mobilization Of Labor
(Editor s N to This is the second of a soiios of four aiticles on the mobiUration of America s manpower prepared by the Office of Emergency Management ) The job of creating a gieat tiain ed labor force for total wai is as difficult a job—and fully as im poitant—as the job of creating a
great aimy and navy
Clitic foi music pubhsheis and mag-
azines
Member of ASCAP He IS a member of ASCAP and former president of the National Association for American Composers and Conductors Some of his well known compositions aie “Jabberwocky”, “Down South” and “Oh,
Yes”
Although it started as a hobby, the process of tracing tunes to thejr sources has developed in several directions foi Di Spaeth .supplying him with material for leetmes, broadcasts books, and magazine articles, and motion pictures
Formal Competition By Six Sfudcnts
McNutt Urges Recruiting Workers the fighting force And just as the fry, for instance, have denuded faim Paul V McNutt, Chaiiman of the Wai Pioduction Board has stepped aieas of the laboi supply they need
Wai Manpowei Commission, has in where the uige to make profit In the inevitable confusion which Xo'piay Both Popuw'c^^^ uiged all employei^to leciuit new oi some other foim of self interest lesulted fiom oui exploding war ef- niogram he will play botl woikeis thioiigh the Employment inteieferes with the wai effoit, so foit many employers fo^nd thepi- popyjai and classical numbers com Service and lequests every one who the War Manpower Commission selves with plants expanding almost pa^p^ passages and’trac wantsa wai jobtoiegistei withthe may be depended upon to exercise by geometric piogression, ^ith jpg ppppjai tunes to their ongin , nearest biancb of the Service The compulsion when and if compulsion huge back logs of wai oideis—with c i j u Creating a great aimy and navy Employment Service is necessary _ inadequate personnel The answer is no mfeie mattei of inducting iaw follow, m allocating manpower. The problem is admittedly com to then problem—the only answ:er ifeciuits, putting them into uni oim same system of priorities plex There aie factories which ask which meets the pressures of oui and sending them off to g o system of “putting fiist deferment of woikeis on no valid whi economy—was to train new day’s aimies must be trained m run fiist”—which the Wai Pio giound, ask deferment where re workers, to “explode” highly skilled dieds of specialized tasks, many of ^jpp^jpp Board follows in allocating placement are leadily available jobs into a number of jobs leqtiit-
wliicli have then countci parts m There aze othei war factoiies which
civilian life All of them demand
tiained inttellip,ence
Dr Spaeth’s hobby has led him into many law courts, wheie he is now lecognized as the leading expert in suits involving infimgement of copyright or musical plagiarism University students who will par-
<See CONVO. page 4)
At the fiist public denionstiation using modified howitzeis recently ie6eiv6d by the Military Depait ment, summei formal Competition foi ^opholpoie and jtmioi membeis in thh aimoiy was held last night at 7 30 The hbwitzeis used duiing the dohi^etition Wei6 the standard models used by th6 medihm aitilleiy and liave high speed axles and pneu niatic tiies foi tiuck towing All practices of the sixteen liquads have been condlitted as ex tia tuiiiculai activity with junior dadet officeis acting as instiuctois fiach squad was composed of two junioi cadet officeis and nine sophomore cadets Winners in this competition Will be announced latei
Chaiiman Bob Weiss led an inteiesting panel discussion, spon SOI ed by Tail Kappa Alpha forensic honoiaiy on the Univeisity student and the wai effoit last night in Eliza lowlei Hall The discussion coveied the student’s place and usefulness in extia euiiiculai activities, such as Red Cross woik foi Women, and defense courses, and discussed the advis ability of class cutting Ciiitailment of social activities and resultant benefit to the war effoit was also consideied The SIX students composing the jianol wefe'' Bill Swagei, Faith Wayne, Jem Fountaine, Ed John son, Geoigt Zissis, and Chaiiman Bob Weiss
But many manufactuieis weie impatient of this process They set out to cieate a working foi‘ce by the piiatical device of buying woikeis away from othei war production plants This practice has been widespread and disastrous to main-
mateiials There aze othei war factoiies which mg only paitially skilled men Unions Must Coopeiate —thiough motives of the highest pjratical Devises
The Wai Manpower Commission patriotism—refuse to ask deferment
Woikers Need Skill asked unions which have agree even for the most skilled craftsman And so it IS with the foi ce of war -with employeis to furnish Deliberate Deferments woikeis \ve aie building /This force labor to obseive the same These aie situations which must must cbnstitute a tremendous lesei puonties followed by the United be woiked out The man who von of skills We must see to it that gj-^tes Employment Seivice needed in a paiticulai wai job,
none ot these skills aie wasted gieat measure the Wai Man whether in the factoiy or on the u thht evciy man and every woman Mobilization Program will be fhrm must be kept at that job He ^gnance'"of steady""piodiirtion *
employed in the woik ol wai, ^ voluntary program There is little must be defeiied, but not merely
whether on the faim oi in the tac jg^son foi it to be otheiwise Just defeiied He is defeiied to do a pai- i + u a a if toiy, is m the job which makes best Ameiicaii industiy converted it ticular job He has been given his ipateiiais to be diatted toi wax
use of Jus talent ..gjf fjorn the woik of peacetime, to assignment aS suiely as though he
America has a head start on the the woik of wai, so American in weie a fiont line soldiei leceiving ® f ^g^a tiT — pioblem oi laboi mobdmation be dusti\ and woikeis aie expected to an oidei fiom his commanding offi mteivieiys, please tome cause of the widespread facilities of cooperate in this mobilization Foi cer softwood lumbei mdustiy to ^ to personnel Office by 3 00 p m. the United States Employment most Ameucans are anxious only But it isn’t the diaft which cie- (myei except the Aimy Navy jyjy 20, to fill out the apSeivice Under the Wai Manpower to know what they should be doing ates the greatest pioblem m ton- Maiitime Commission foi bO pUcation blanks At the same time Mobilization Piogiam the USES is to help win the wai nection with manpower mobiliza you may anangefoi a pereonal m-
expected to fulfill for the faim and But the WMC does not intend to tion The greatest problem in man lactoiy fronts, the function winch peimit any inteifeience with the powei mobilization is the pioblem the Selective Service System pei- major aim—the aim of creating an of “piracy”—witting and unwitting foims foi the aimed services efficient woikmg force to back up High wages paid by wai indus-
GE Will Interview Men Entering War The General Mectiic Company suggests that they will be ^lad to have application blanks from all August graduates, even though they plan to go into the Service. They will hold these forms permanently
, so that the record will be on file in
case men wish to apply after the
wai
As general Elcijtiic will be here
greater than it has ever been We terview, if you desive it.
must have lumbei tor bariacks and depots and contonments, foi ship(See MANPOWER, page 2)
W E.Vogler
Duectoi of PersonnelPurdue Exponent Offices: Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
E<Iitor-in-riiicf Vews Editor MannKiriK Editor Sports Editor Riismoss Mnonirrr Cirriilntion Manngcr Coed Editor
John F. Amo' Don T. Broph> John H. Armstrong Robert L. Hadlej William D. Millarr Ken K. Gjemri Alice Chatfleld
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editorial Staff: R W Boswinklc, U E But*. W. G. Hoskins A r lliiiitir, D W. Ochiltrcc. W. E. Rafcrt. Sports Staff. 1) E Brewer, J. S. Dawson, E L. Karpick. toed Staff: S.ilb Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer. Business Staff f icil Business Manager: Julia Martin. Adicrtisiiig Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson. ( ireuintion Manager: G H Kloiiman Aecounlb Manager: Tiena Torrenga. Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Ochiltree Sports Editor: Brewei Dai Editor: Hass Issue Editor: Shipnoski WorkerJi: Miller, Jordan, Kimball, Freyman.
Enl'rid .IS sicond class matter at the post office in Lafay Ctu Inilian.s under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, am ,st Ihi. siocinl rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October 3 1917, authori*cd January 20, 1922. Publishei ou Widmsd.n. Fridav and Sunday mornings during the sum nv I sinustir and daily except Monday during the tall an limit r ''imi.tfrs Delivered locallv by carrier for $125 fo taiiniimr simciter. mailed subscription $1 50 ‘ Ripiisiiued for national advertising bv National Advertu tog St riito, Inc. College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison A\e, New York, N. Y.
8.44
to 1
MAKKIAGE COURSE PROBLEM . . , Jdist week, Theta Jeannette “Let’s Play Jacktj” Ua>ncs luineti up in her marriage class unprepared (oi something) because when teacher asked her, “Wlidl joini,s ol recreation do married people hav<i foi t’fljoyment?” she couldn’t answer. Someone ipeniioiieil, “Diop the handkeighief,’’ but teacher said that
TH[ BOTTLE iCK
GftIN AND BEAR IT
By Lkhly
Unfounded Rumors Rumors and more rumors have been floating around the campus the past few weeks aljout pro.iected changes in the University war-time status. They got so dense tliis past week that yesterday we went over to check a few of them with University officials. W« wpre reassured about a number of things. First, the University as going ahead with it."^ complete schedule in all schools and departments. There is no prospect of dropping or transferring students in any curriculum. Applications for admission to the University for the Fall semester are coming in at a rapid rate and all indications are that the fi’c^’liman enrollment will be only slightly below that of last year." The total enrollment for the Fall semester is expected to be well
above 5,000.
‘ Next, the number of sailors here under the present program may be increased to 1,100. There is also the possibility that 400 more will arrive for training in signal communications. However, there is no prospect of the Navy; taking over the South Unit of Cary Hall, or other residence places. Actually the number of people on the campus will be very nearly what it has been the past three years with the service men making up the decrease in enrollment. And, there has been no change in the plan of draft deferments announced some time ago by the University. Any man who is a second •semester sophomore, junior or senior and who has a cumulative scholastic index of 3,5 or more may be recommended for deferment by tliG head of his school and the University. Ihe shortage of trained men in most of the fields taught here is still a great hindrance to the nation’s war effort. It has been pointed out by the War Man-Power Board and by the Prc.Hclcnt that there is still a need for trained physicists, chemists, engineers .teachers, nutrition experts, agriculturists and others. There needs must be met by trained people fi’om the colleges. Ihe Army and Navy, too, need trained per.ionncl who have completed their college education for positions as officers and for research. These are the reasons deferments are being granted to upperclassmen. To those few people who feel that a man is '-bilking his responsibility by remaining in college, we can only say that the training we ^re receiving is just as vital to the nation’s welfare as the basic training that selectees get when they enter the Army. The Summer Ratio_
The Cork’s spurs weren’t jingle, jangle, jingling last Saturday like most people’s; so we took a walk to lift our fallen spirits. Our itinerary took us shuffling across the levee, around the corner by the filling station on the other side, and back to the top of the steep bank of the Wabash river. '
• •
Two dwellings, half way down the bank and the other floating on the water attracted our attention. No sign of life was visible on the river boat, but in front of the other house a bewhiskered little man in a greasy “T” shirt was hammering very enthusiastically at an oil stove which the Coik took to be obt of cortimission and getting more that w^y with every blow. We hollered hello down to the man with the hammer. Our salutation was not returned but the man stopped pounding and looked at us. We said is there anyone home next door. Not a muscle on the oil stove pounder moved.
• •
The Cork was far too frightened to run. If we did, perhaps the man would throw his hammer at us. So we slid down the almost vertical bank and came to a stop at the little man’s feet. We asked who lived next door with our last bit of breath. The man took his time about answering, and he lifted his hammer. We got ready to take cover, but finally the man said sweetly, “Buddy, Kittle lives over there.” We asked if he cared if we went over. “Buddy, I don’t care,” answei’ed the man.
• •
We slid further down the bank to the residence of Mr. Kittle—Captain Kittle we decided to call him. After all, he was the commanding officer of the boat.
• •
There is one door on Mr. Kittle's raft. Outside the door is about three feet of porch running across the front of the boat. At the side of the door two steel barrels, a pair of muddy shoes broken out at the sides, and a four-tine spading fork set passively against the wall in the sunshine. The boat was rising and falling softly as was the flow of the Wabash. The sun shined on the screen door and was reflected in our eyes. The Cork could not see inside, but we volunteered a feeble knock.
• •
Our knock made noise and was forgotten as water splashed against the sides of the boat, the man with the hammer pounded, and other sources along the river made noise, each in turn being consideied momentarily and then forgotten. We offered another
knock. • •
A voice inside said come on in, Sam. The Coik has never been known as Sam, but we went in anyway. In the middle of the room lay a man face downward on the floor. The men whom we took to be Captain Kittle remained in his belligerent position as we stood inside staring down at him.
jPOAIE FOR THE DAY y , A ceitaiii young chapee named Beebee Wished to wed with a lady named Phoebe, t “But,” he said, “I must see ’ What the clerical fee (' Be before Phoebe be Phoebe Beebee. ' —hee, hee— I (Don’t blame us for that one, it came from Indi{iiiu L.’
The Cary Hall fellows among otheis are wondering ■when Alpha Xi Jane Blank of Debris fame will get h' 1 car keys—and cai too—back from Cary Haller I'.ldtiy Kingman. Seems he diives her car aiound inoK than she doe.s. Kappa “Robbie” Robinson “wears fill jianl.s ■when she dates with her foui-wheeled perjionality, I'hi Psi Jim Wolff was .seen with her the (ithi I night ON THE LOCAL BUS duiing a date. jl\ h,\ doesn’t he late the cai A
Red Cross Women Sacrifice Pleasure To Aid Army, Navy
By Bob Boswinkle
Giving up bridge clubs and mak-
Personnel Noti# Perfect Circle Compalty;, i town, Indiana—Coming ’ Thuridky, Jul^ 16. Interested in August engineering graduates, perferably me-;, chanicals. Sign in Pe^-sonnel Offiopi i by 3:0() p. m. July 15. - , Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company,
ing Johnny do the dishes, at least Barberton, Ohio-Coming Friday,
one night a week, approximately a
hundred West Lafayette homemak- J. C. Penney Company Coming ers frequently gather in their Red Tuesday, July 21. Sign in Personnel Cross “production corps dugout” as Office by Monday, July 20. Mrs. R. B. Wiley, chairman of the Holley Carburetor Company, De-
volunteer services for the county would have it called.
130 Report
Largest number ever to turn out Tuesday, July 21. for an evening of wrapping dress- General Electric
troit, Michigan—Coming Wednesday, July 22. Interested in Augifkt ME. Sign in Personnel Office by
Company,
Red Cross’ call.
Current quota for dressings stip-
ings was a few weeks ago when 130 Schenectady, New York ^ Coining patriotic women responded to the J'^^y ^2, 1942. Interested in app ^
cations from all August Engineering and Science seniors. This in-
1 i. 1.1. i. u 4.U J n A I. eludes students who are entering ulates that by the end of August, j j: at tKo nnnnn r J 1 • 1. f 1 \ 11 armcd forces. Inquire at tne
67,700 of the delicate articles shall _ , , ’ . ... , , Personnel Office,
be ready for use in the combat zones or for use in various training cen- Continental Electric Company,
ters in this country. IH.^August or December
Government regulations specify in Personnel office at onC6.
with dimensions, diagrams, and a representative may visit the caitt-
*noteb almost as elaborate as a blue p^g ^ sufficient number sign up. print for an airplane engine, exact-^ Sharpies Chemicals, Inc., Philaly how each dressing shall be made, ^elphia, Pennsylvania—Interested The notes include diiections for Chemical Engineers or chemists, making 16 different types of dress- gjgj, jj, Personnel Office by Thprs-
, „ , „ IT. ings. Specifications do not end with ,iav Julv 16
“I think Willis would make a wonderful Comman o e can each diessing being cai efully meas- Naugatuck Chemical Division of slip in and out nights, raid the icebox and fight like a fiend with m-ed and completed; further rules u_ g_ Rubber Company, Naugatuck,
mother when she visits us.
University Calendar Wednesday, July 15
7:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
9:30 A.M. 9:00 A.M. 1:00 P.M. 3:00 P.M. 6:30 P.M. 6:30 P.M.
Fust Aid
Christian Fellowship Meeting Univclsity Club Bridge Tau Beta Pi Interviews Maiiiagc Course Purdue Forestiy Club
Room 305, tjnion Room 307, Union
E. Facuity Lge., Union
Room 303, Union
Rooms 302-304, Uiiion Room 255, Hoit Bidg.
demand that the dressings be tied Connecticut—Interested in August in bundles of twenty and placed in and December Chemical Engineers, separate paper bags. Sign in Personnel Office by ThurSReward for 25 Hours’ Work day, July 16 Aim of all new workers is to be Pennsylvania Railroad Interesteligible to wear the blue veil those ed in December EE. Sign in Perwho have Worked at least twenty- Office by Satuiday, Ju y 2 .
five hours proudly wear. With the twenty-five hour mark passed, theie is a very beautiful Red Cioss button that can be had for twenty-five more hours of work. Red Cross administrators have the honor of wealing
led veiled caps.
Five minutes passed. A sky light caught the sun and sent it down into the hot sticky rbom. No breeze blew through the screen door. Perspiration poured off ^SnOOWGt Captain Kittle's cuiled body. “We’re soriy to bother ^
you,” we ventured at last.
Our words bolted the Captain into the woild of the living. “I thought you were Sam,” he said at last as he sat up. “What do you want?” We couldn’t think of anything that we did want. We wondered why we had come down here. While we were rapidly becoming hysterical, the Captain got up and went outside and sat on one of the steel barrels. We went out there, too. It was cooler outside.
•-^1 •
The Cork tried to make conversation. It was strictly one sided at first, but finally the Captain bioke through. He showed us the catfish he had caught two days ago. He had him swimming in the bottom of a row boat half full of water. He showed us how high the water rose in the spring—about fifteen feet up on the bank.
• . •
In the winter he has to chip the ice around the edge of the boat to keep it free. He showed us where the motor boat hooks on to the house when he wants it moved. He let out a yell at the man next door who was still working on the oil stove. The Captain called him “Bullhead” or some similar name. Bullhead staited coming oveii to the boat and we told the Captain goodbye and thanks. We squeezed by the greasy man on the narrow path and lapidly out to the load. It staited to rain and we thumbed and got a ride with a man in a green car who also picked up four sailors.
(Continued from page 1) building and for a variety of other
military pui poses.
But in the face of this gieat need for lumbci a critical situation do-
Lt. W. B. Billings, '38, Killed In Air Accident Lt. William Becker Billings,’'^8,
The elaborate system of the local ^ g kjjigj j^jy 2, Red Cioss includes a motor coi'ps airplane accident at sea, ad- ' consisting of ten women who have cording to woi d received by his wife cais available. All duiing the day Indianapolis Monday. Mrs. Billspecified foi each woman, she may .^yas requested by the navy debe called upon by the Red Cioss partment not to disclose the namd Icadcis to deliver various articles or station, over the city, or in any other way Billings, son of Mr. and Mrs. do something useful by use of their Earl R. Billings, of Chalmers, wa^
married Apiil 13, to Margaret Mc-
Wiley Heads Board Neely at Indianapolis. The marriage j Administrators of the local unit was announced last week, a short' aie Mrs. R. B. Wiley, chairman of time after the announcement of his volunteer services; Mrs. E. C. El- promotion fiom ensign to li^ute^-J liott, vice chaiiman; Di. Louise ant. t Mickle, in chaige of surgical duress- He was a graduate of West Laings; Mis. Haiohl Schofield, in fayette High School, and was an
Pending formal approval by the of knitting; and Mrs. Bert outstanding athlete at the Univer
Thursday, July 16
Chemurgic Meeting E. Faculty Lge., Union Water Woiks Protection Meeting W. Faculty Lge., Union Water Works Protection Meeting South Tower, Union Scieen Review . Hall of Music Watei Works Protection Dinner W. Faculty Lge., Union Chemurgit Dinner . Rooms 332-334, Union
ROTC Will Train Ordnance Unit Next Semester
veloped this spring in the Pacific University officials and by the War chaige of sewing.
Northwest—a situation which was a direct result of laboi piiacy. The high wages paid in shipbuilding and other direct war industnes
sity. He received his commission at.
Department, training of 100 Uni- woik at the picsent Pensacola, Fla., Apiil, 1940, and versity students as ordnance officers devoted to articles since then has been located on the
will begin with the opening of next "'illjie used by the American west coast, teim, August 31. The tiaining of foi’ccs. Recent ordeis that haVe
lew t e oggeis away lom e ^le ordnance branch completed include knitted camps and threatened a dangcioms army, will be in addition to sweaters, socks, helmets, and dresscut in production. The mines m mgs that all went into the vast forMontana and Idaho, too, found their oiyy^ers. shipments.
labor force dwindling as mincis weVe siphoned off to the crowded in-
dustiial cities.
Shortages Caused By Prejudices
This year there are 376 students enioiled in the advanced ROTC field aitillory couisc at the University. These wcic chosen fiom 600 appli-
golf, tennis, canoeing, etc., aie healthful foi ms of recreation for husband and wife.
HEALTH NOTICE . . . Gimlet initiation tonight. Actives bring extra paddles—just in case.
SEEN ON THE CAMPUS . . . Vern Horton’s Lambda Chi Pin on Alpha Xi Virginia Barson . . . Sigma Nu Bob Swab in class once a week . . . Sailors . . . more and more Delta Gammas . . . poor weather yet, still, and forever . . . and more sailois. (Heie’s one of the Cole sisteis again). Pi Phi Berty Cole is running through the reefs with her affair with Lambda Chi (Boy-ai-e-they-evei-making-the-colnmn-today)Jim Claffey. Ever since her visit with him in Wisconsin last weekend she has been seen around without his pin, AND she has been seen running aiound with guys other than Lambda Chi’s. (Good piece of snooping, huh?) There is a complimentary copy of this issue on the way to Jim. SOME THINGS WE’D lTkE TO SEE . . , Sig Ep Bumps Hadley—see sports page—with nioie dates of his own and less dates of Brother Harvie Merrill’s. ... An Exponent with more advertising and less of Deuster’s War Council minutes ... A Gimlet pledge with a full box. (Won’t be long now, boys) . . . Jim Stiver, Phi Gam prexy with a date. . . . Sig Ep Bob Sautter, Junior Debris manager, with less sales piomotional ideas. More activity in front of the Sweet Shop lathei than inside. By this we mean moie activity around the USO and defense stamp countcis. Hcie is the tragic tale in four lines by some unknown student of neighboihood life: Beneath this stone lies Muiphy, They buried him today. He lived the life of Riley When Riley was away
Some of the shoitages arc caused cants fiom the basic training given by prejudices, and we must remove ^itudcnts in their ficshman and thesepiejudicesruthlessly if weaic sophomoiu ycais. Under the new to win the manpower battle. There pi^n, 100 engineering students are plants and^ communities in would be chosen from the sophowhich trained and qualified negio inoies applying for advanced course and foicign bom woikeis can’t get jiivcn training as officers in the jobs. Thcie aie communities m ordnance coips. which fully qualified woikcrs aic a majority of the men training turned away because they aic worn- yndei this plan will stait at the been, are ‘too old,’ aie physically j.)nning of the fall term, although handicapped or because the cm- f,omc jilaees will be lett oiien ior ployer, as the saying goes, docsn t u,c icmaindci to start in Jaiiuaiy ‘ like the cut of his jib.” when the full complement of 100 Theie aic other problems. Hous- i,c accommodated, ing IS a problem. Many woikois Thi.s will open advanced militar,v are reluctant to move from their ij-aming to many students who wore comfoitable homes to over-ciowdcd unable to comply with the relatively wai production areas in which the gi, jet vision i equirements for field housing is inadequate. Transpoita- aitillciy tiaining. tion, too, is a manpower pioblem in a doublc-baiiclcd sense. Transportation is suffering from a seveic shortage of manpowei and the inadequacy of transportation — as gasoline grows short and tires weai out and public tiansportation lines are increasingly ovei-buidencd—is responsible for shortages of labor in
other industi-y.
Civilian Work Absorbed As the need loi war woikeis glows the cessation ol woik in puieIv 'uvihan indusliv piovidcs a paitial source of the manpower we need. But thi.s is only seemingly tme. For example, approximately one and a half million construction workers weie made available when WPB halted softwood constiuction. The consti uction needs of the wal' progiam, however, are .so gicat that all 4;hese building trade workers will be needed and even then shoitages will develop, particularly in the south and west. And so the final answer does not lie in manpower conversion alone, but in total mobilization of all the manpower we possess.
MARS -LAST TIMES TODAY-
H«nry FONDA lYNN BARI DON AMECHE
TOMORROW - FRIDAY THE KING OF CRIME turns softie and shoots the works for a kidi
The family can openei is duo for a lest; WPB has oidered that fewer tin cans be made from now on, and in laiger sizes, to save critical metals.
JUT WAR FTAWPS ond BONDS of TMi THlAni/
LUMA LAST DAY—2 FEATURES MAX FLEISCHER'S CARTUNE HIT!
4 IN TECHNICOLOR — Plus — I Brian DONLEV^Y Wm. HOLDEN — Ellen DREW in The Rcmiirkablc Andrew
JUr WAR STAMPS wid EOHDI of tkh ngAWBf/
White suits needtheextra penetration of our careful Sanitone cleaning for
thorough removal of soil, perspiration, and buried grit. Flawless pressing. Call us regularly.
ummu LAST TIMES TODAY— GARY COOPER — in — SERGEANT YORK^^ TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT. WHAT A FAMILY! They'll get you where it hurts most...
Dial 7278
AMERICAN LAUNDRY - CLEANERS 142 NORTHWESTERN
yitff WAR mm wd Bom 0 m$ ntAmji
Barm —TODAY— — DOUBLt FEATURE —
with Inoila WATSON 1 Virgints FIELD Marla OUSPENSKAVaI C. Aubrar SMITH I
PLUS
THE FALCON TAKES OVER with GEORGE SANDERS LYNN BARI
STARTS THURSDAY 2 FIRST RUN HITS RiotouB Hon0ymoon Craiam ; With Jin AIJwComBclv^^nwf
!0m
RK0« _ RADIO Picture with Charles “Buddy” ROGERS • ZiSti n|TS — plus ——, BOMBS OVER ^ BURMA — WITH — ANNA MAY WONG NOEL MADISON
tvJ
fraiernily Play-Offs In Gold And Black, Communique« F^afnrN Seven Twins, Begin Tenlght ^ By Bob Hadiey O
Of the twenty-five original teams that entered Fraternity Gold and Black Intramural contest, seven of them have reIhAihed on top to enter the playoffs which start tonight at 6:30 p. m. Starting tonight, With three games, the quarter .. ■- ■■■ iif* ^ finals Will be played. Thesemi- Unit rlVC W IBS Laty finals will be played Friday .. . .. . fev6tiing and the finals next Monday, Ha 11 \ At f 11311 Tlf III the weather permitting. IIUII JVIIIiail IIIIW
Unit 5 won the Cary Hall softball title by winning theii tenth game of the season last Monday fiight. Unit 2 finished second behind Unit 6 with nine wins and three losses. Units 1 and 3 tied for third place with six wins and six losses apiece. Pour was next with five victories against sev&fTlosses, while Six and Seven tied for last with but thiee wins versus nine losses. Unit 6, while building up its ten wins lost but two games. ^
Cooper Stars
Ed Cooper, the pitcher, starred for his Unit 5. Through his pitching and some extra special fielding support, Five won theii games. Unit 2 lacked the hitting punch against tough pitchers to win the title. Against Gil Wolter of Three and Ed Cooper of Five, Unit 2 failed to hit the apple for the extia bases that weie needed to win the flag.
Thre« Tedms On Top
The thrde top teams are Phi Kappi Tau, Phi Delta Theta, and Theta Clii, all with six wins and no losses. The other four teams. Phi Gamma Delta, Kappa Sigma, Alpha Gamma kho, and Sigma Phi Epsilon, have
won five %nd lost one.
The three games which are scheduled for tofiight are the Phi Kappa tau. Phi Delta Theta contest; the !l?hi Gamma Theta, Theta Chi; and Alpha (^mma Rho, Sigma Phi Epsilon. Kappa Sigma drew a bye and will play the winner of the Theta Chi, Alpha Gamma Rho
match.
Theia Chi Favored By their showing in the six games to date the Theta Chi’s are ranked as the favorite to take the cup. They have not been held below 16 points in any game to date. Earlier in the season they totaled 21 points ■khile only last week they completely overshadowed the Sigma Chi’s by a Score of 33 to 2. High sCoi'er on the Theta Chi outfit is Ed Cycenes, outstanding prospect for the light halfback post on Burnham’s giid squad next year. His deadly throwing arm has been the mam cog in the Theta Chi offense. Bill Shimer, senioi end on the football squad, and Waiien Seeborg, erstwhile basketball player, have sfiown up well on this highScoring outfit. Apderson Leads SPE’s Siyede Anderson, another football player who has enlisted in the seivic,e„ has been the big gun in the Sigma Phi Epsilon attack which has lost only one contest. Graham and Stjveis have been outstanding for tlie Phi Gams in their diive towaids the playoffs.
TnI^iched bread , FOR BETTER NUTRITION / , TRY OURS ' GRAVES Quality BAKERY
Archery Tourney To Start Monday Fraternity competitibn in archery will get under way next Monday afternoon, July 20, at 4:30 p. m. Paiticipants will turn out at the archeiy lange noith of the women’s tennis coiiits as often as possible, Monday through Friday, to practice tor the tournament. Each fiaternity team will be composed of two men and each compctitoi will shoot 30 arrows at 30 yaids. R. F. Fieyman, University student, will instinct the aichery paiticipants. Cary Hall Tennis Cary Hall tennis will stait Fiiday evening at 4 o’clock. These matches will be played on Monday and Fiiday evenings at 4 o’clock. Consult youi bulletin boaid for your schedule.
Phone 2343
SCOBEE’S — All Kinds of Photographic Supplies — Fresh Film and Film Pks — Try Our Quality Kodak Finishing — . PROMPT SERVICE 105 Northwestern Ave.
GOLD.. SILVER.. MESH..WHITE SATIN* Let the cares of the day melt away, as you forget Everything but sweet music... and romance I Lofty heeled for petite misses... comfortably low ones for the willowy typo. *WHITI SATIN TINTED FREE
In the first returns in the annual All-Star football poll conducted by the Chicago Tribune to pTck a team of last fall’s senior collegiate sthrs to meet the professional champs, three former Boilei makers make an appearance. Tommy Melton, co-captain last year and one of the best guards in the Big Ten any year, is holding second place ill numbei of supporters so far in the race. He is close behind Crimmins of Notre Dame, and is sepaiated by a healthy margin from the pext contendei. Big John Petty ranks tenth so far ih number of votes in the' fhllback department, and Johnny Galvin, southpaw kicker and passer who received a head injury last season, is separated from the. top in the halfback division by a slightly larger maigin. This year the team selected will meet the Chicago Bears, National League champions, at Soldiers Field, Chicago, on the night of August 28th. Always a charity contest, the funds this year will go to Army Emergency Relief. Of course theie is a tendency toward a heavy vote from f^jis of the Big Ten and other midwestern circuits, since the game ik la Chicago event, and the largest interest is likely to be show^i ^mop^ those in close contact with the contest. In the early returns the''ma;jDJfit5ir of the voting always falls to midwestern luminaries. HoweJ’^^'^in 4j^fta,pf the fact that further voting brings in a larger following fo^^ayerg ^ other parts of the country, there has been a Boilermaker in i^'e starti^ lineup quite regularly. > ^ The Cubs’ exhibition game at Chanute Field Monday,’‘sa^W' sorn^’’interesting faces appearing on the diamond. One belonged 'tdiipld' Kiki Cuyler, who played a lot of baseball up until about 10 ye#s^ ako, and ranks with the game’s immortals, and is now a Cub coapft: 'He :^layed certerfield for the last 3 innings. The Wilson family wak w^l.represented, Jimmy Batting for Lou Novikoff once when tljp latter; W^^^ed off and forgot to take his turn at the plate, and Bob Wrlg.0ty ?Q-y^V-old son of Cub manager Jimmy, taking over the hurling dutiqs fopfiSt^e last 4 innings. Incidentally, son Bob did rather well—setting a^n.'',the soldiers with only one hit in the lemainder of the game. The Great Lakes blue jackets dropped their seventh contest the other day to the Giants, as Johnny Rigney tasted his first defeat' since getting the Navy on his side- The defeat brought the Great Lakes percentage down to a mere .860 for the year. If you look around enough you might find quite a few baseball teams who wouldn’t mind having that kind of an average. ’
INTRAMURALS
The following Gold and Black games will be played Wednesday evening, July 15: 6:30— Field 1 Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Delta Theta. Referee: Aqdetson. 2 Phi Gamma Delta vs. Theta Chi. Refeiee: Mordoh. 3 Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Refeiee: Kleinberg. These games aie the quaiterfinals and must be played as scheduled. The semi-finals will be scheduled for Friday and the finals for Monday, July 20.
The following softball games will be played Thursday evening, July 16: Diamond 1 Phi Kappa vs. Kappa Sigma. 2 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma Pi. 3 Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Delta Upsilon. 4 Alp^a Tau Omega vs. Triangle,
12
13
14
15
16 17
Phi Gamma Delta vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Phi Kappa Tau vs. Theta Tau. Alpha Chi Rho vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Beta Theta Pi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Sigma
Chi.
Delta Chi vs. Theta Chi. Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Delta Tau Delta. Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Pi Kappa Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Acacia. Theta Xi vs. Sigma Nu.
The finals in Ward softball will be played Monday evening at 6:30:
Diamond
4 Ward 2 vs. Waid 21. Umpires: Bussing and Shook. (See IM SCHEDULES, page 4)
Play Starts Sunday In Mixed Doubles Court Competition Mixed doubles teams will vie in the first round of the mixed doubles tennis tourney starting this Sunday, July 19, in the annual campus tourney, expected to be completed by Aug. 1. Arrange Times First round matches should be played off Sunday and opponents should be called to arrange for match times. The winners will be determined by the best two out of three sets and should be reported to the West Desk in the Union. Information on the tourney, which includes 28 paiticipants, may be received from Bill Bond, Evelyn Schuber, Dick Stettner or Nancy Cooper. First round matches are as follows: Bond and Smith vs. Kinder and Richey; Picha and Fox vs. J, Wolff and Graves; Tadale and Weber vs. Emerson and Goss; Gray andrWalker vs. Turner and Ford; ’ Stoheier and Steigei’wald vs. H. Allen and Russell; France and France ;vs. Leinninger and Evans; Krivka «and Faustich vs. Elfvin and Bell; Stettner and Cooper, bye; Singer ^ and Schuber, bye; Gifford and Buechele vs. Simon and Monteith; Shimer and Worsley vs. Bouton and Bouton; Wolf and Platt vs. Powell and Scoville; Pettit and Luber vs. Rodgers and Gee; Dudzinski and Dariow vs. Collins and VerHoeven; Vreins and Barson vs. Knote and Vaughan; Armstrong and McCieeiy vs. Johnson and Canfield. Theta Chis Lead In Links Tourney
\
Theta Chi lead in the fraternity golf competition yesterday with a scoie of 234, ten blows better than their nearest opponent. Sigma Chi, on the Umveisity golf course. The three-man squad of Theta Chi hot-shots posted a card which showed a betterii than 78 per-man aveiage as they triumphed over a field that included fourteen other rival fraternities. Results to date are as follows: Theta Chi, 234; Sigma Chi, 244; Theta Xi, 247; Phi Delta Theta, 250; Delta Upsilon, 261; Phi Kappa Tau, 268; Kappa Sigma, 269; Phi Kappa, 269; Delta Tau Delta, 279; Phi Kappa Sigma, 291; Lambda Chi Alpha, 297; Sigma Pi, 308; Alpha Tau Omega, 312; Acacia, 340; Alpha Sigma Phi, 361; Sigma Alpha Mu, 367. Those fiaternities who have yet to turn in scores are requested to do so as soon as possible so that complete tournament standings may be determined.
Midwest Gridders Lead In First All-Star Returns With the first returns of the poll for All-Star players released only yesterday, midwestern gridders including matTy Big Ten greats led the way in the balloting to determine the starting lineup which will meet the Chicago Bears at Soldiers Field August 28. Voting started Sunday and will continue for two weeks in this ninth an- t nual affair. ^ measly 1,600
Tom Melton, rugged, hard-
driving guard for the past Blosis High ' three years on the Riveter A1 Blosis, world’s record holder
squad, has received a total of
2,302 vbtes so far to place him sec- ^ total-13,984-to lead ond to Bernie Ciimmins of Notre candidates for the tackle poGi-
Dame. Anyone wishing to vote for Tommy may do so by signing the petition at the Student Health Seivice. Petty Ranks Tenth
tion. Alf Bauman of Northwestern
is second with 3,172 votes.
At the fullback post Bob Westfall, chunky All-American from Michigan, is leading Clawson of Northwestern by about 1,000 votes.
John Petty, 230-pound fullback Six of the first ten men at this posion last years’ team who signed up tion are from the Big Ten. Pete to play with the Bears next year, is Layden, outstanding member of the tenth in the running for this posi- Texas University squad last year, is
tion. It seems that it would be a in sixth place.
good idea to put Big John’s name Voting for the halfback post is on the petition at the Health Serv- going along tiue to form with Bmee ice along with Melton’s. John Gal- Smith, Minnesota’s great All-Amer-yln. Riveter halfback who was in- ican, leading the pack followed by jured last year, has polled 126 Steve Juzwik of Notre Dame and votes. Bill DeCorievont of Northwestern. The real surpiise in the first le- Bill Dudley, high scoring halfback turns was the tremendous lead piled on last year’s Virginia outfit, ranks
up by Dick Erdlitz, Noithwestein’s fifth with 1,124 Votes,
second stnn^ quarterback. Erdlitz Somewhat of a surprise is the has totaled 27,144 votes to lead his showing of Vincent Banonis, cEnteammate, Don Kruger, by 25,000 ter from tbe University of Detroit, votes. Frankie Albert, piobably the Banonis is leading Ingalls of Michifinest quarteiback of the yeai while gan by. nearly 2,000 ballots. Diehl
playing with Stanfoid last season, of Iowa is thud.
There’s a Ufl for you... in Style and in Spirit —
In Genuine KOOLER/ZED
Formals
America’s coolest suits—and the most correct, for “white is right at night”! Say good-bye to that old uneasiness about “how you’ll look after a few hours’ dancing”; come in and let us fit you in a double-bieasted style, KOOLERIZED Palm Beach — the white formal of lasting freshness!
Basketball Listed Most Popular In l-M Check-Out Tabulations Recent tabulations on student use of the University’s intramural facilities during the past year, released recently by Chief M. L. Clevett, I-M director, show that more individuals actively engaged in basketball through the check-out service
than in any other sport.
This is based on the fact ,, „ , , , „ j-T- i. .1 T- n ,1 "fell as softball and baseball, wer« that 4,650 basketballs were ^ard to make as the 460 football* checked out, with a possible checked out represented anywhers average of eight men using from five to 15 men for each balh each ball. The grand total of 37,200 ^nd the softballs and hardballs used individuals participating exceeds by accounted mainly for organized
far the nearest sport, ping pong, teams,
which was engaged in by 4,800 play- Supply Picnics ei s, checking out 2,400 sets. An old, but not widely known I-M Golf, the sport which has come to service, that of supplying picnieka new light on the campus, ranked gis with athletic equipment and asthiid in intramural popularity with gu.mg table reservations behind 4,735 individuals using links equip- Eoss-Ade Stadium, supplied 47 pi6ment. Completion of the Univer- nics and a total of 1,550 individuals, sity’s nine-hole course last July of- Nq tab could be kept on Users of fered students greater fields over the swimming pool in tfie Fieldthe original three-hole circuit, and house, however the popularity of golf popularity soared at the Uni- the University tank swelled in the versity this year with the comple- past year with the increased swimtion of the 18 holes. ming instruction in P. E. 12. A Accurate reports on football, as grand total of 7,460 towels were is- ' ....—I.- sued to participants who did not
have lockers. Towels may be is-
PE Classes To See First Aid Movie
upon
sued to non-locker holders presentation of passport.
Skiing Popular
Uncommon for Lafayette and In-
Heads Up,” a 16 millimeter diana winter climates was the listsilent picture on first aid, will be mg of issuance of 53 skiing sets shown to physical education classes during the past year. This figure, at the University next week, Homer according to director Clevett, is lESS E. Allen of the Division of Physical than in previous years, however, due Education, announced yesterday. to the small amount of snowfaU. The film will be available to first d jji . • j , , •
Paddle tennis and badmmtoU
aid workers, firemen, policemen,
and others whenever it is not in use . , , . , . ,, A u T. laiily low usage, are expected to on the campus. Anyone who wishes . J .
equipment, although showing a
to boirow it during the coming week may do so by contacting Mr. Allen.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
more than tuple, due to the increased acquaintance of the University students with the games in the physical preparedness program. Also listed in the Intramural tabulation was the participation of a mere 165 different University faculty members out of the complete staff, a low percentage of faculty
use of the I-M facilities.
While Formal Coal *1450 Blue or Black Formal Trousers $7.00
Regular White P B Coats, Single or Double Breasted
$13 75
Tuxedo Shirts, pleated fronts, collar attached
$2 50
Tic, Handkerchief and Boutonniere Sets
$I 00
Stud and Cuff Link Sets
$I 00
s
Here Is Something to Remember Rule 1— /
Clothes Kept Immaculate
/
It is still true that people judge by appearance. sure about yours with clothes that are kept fresh and new looking with WEST SIDE Cleaning. ★ ★ ★ ^
Northwestern and Vine Sts.
Phont 4081r
* f ' ' "<}'»{.' '^'‘ > * ' '^ ^ V *,"
ii^w k , y*) -^4
|VWe4
Purdue Exponent
Irs. I^. H. Sjchomers 55 Enroll s i ^ ^.; Tjf 11) Protection
Uiif Contest School
"itfar tvbrkers’house essay contest J'lfty-five civil leadeis fiom sev^i?st ptizC winner was^Mrs P H en states in the Middle West are Schomeis, of 601 South Thirtieth eniolled in the thud Civilian PioStieet, Lafayette, who was awarded tection Training School which startthfe $80 Xvar bond piize today Mis. ed Monday at the University R B Cooley, wife of Pjiof Cooley This gioup, compiised of policeof the University staff won the sec- men, fhfemen, school officers, health ond ^irlze, a $26 wai bond officers and othei city officials will Ai'vfdsoh Only Cbed Witiner be on campus until July 22 to learn Borothy R Arvidson, R R 1, HE the rudiments of protecting and in^42, lyas the only student artiong the stiucting people in the propei twenty Winners of $1 piizes The course of action duiing any war
Judges of the contest were Judge emeigency
W Hytln Parkinso* of the Tippe- Protection Methods Studied
Canbe County Circtnt CoUit, Waltei Tb Schbler, local architect, and Herbert C Light, managing editor of
fhe Journal and Courier
Couises offeied in this war shoit course, undei the diiection Of Lt Col W A Johnston, include pro-
Carl F Boester, director of Hous- Horn bombs, how to fight ing Research, expressed his appre- jn^endiaiy and ordinary bomb fixes.
ciation for the excellent coopera' tion on the pait of local war woik
how to detect poison gas, methods of combating poison gas, use of gas
ers for their interest and counsel ^^sks and numerous othei meth-
ods of protecting the people of
in helping to determine the requirements of essential shelter for war
•workers
In light of the suggestions offeied it has been possible to incorporate in the future design of the house those features desiied by war workers and at the same time effect still further economy in the construction and cost of the house Another House Planned Boester said another house would
American cities In order that these officials will be able to cooperate to the fullest extent with the aimed foices in the event that actual combat should come to their cities, these men will be given advice on the organization of the aimy, tactics of aerial bombaidment, and other war methods Gas Chamber Used A special gas chamber has been
<<eoOLlN(a dFF^'
IN DEFENSE MEDIATION BOARD CASES
STRIKE
AT
work while mediating
34%
APRIL MAY
JUNE
iMutmifiiimiMiiimiiMM jipMMIIIIIIIillllMllllltl
98%
JULY
98%
AUG.
88%
90%
ret.
EACH COMPLETE SYMBOL EQUALS 25.000 Workers.
91%
94%
100%'AT WORK
Daiily average per mouth, estimated by Board
Camera Club Offers Complete Program For Photographers
Boon be built, different in character constructed for use by this school in and size foi the consideiation of which enrollees subjected to the acwar woikers Aftei that woik will tual gases used in combat They again be lesumed on development will leain at fiist hand how best to and peifection of post wai housing use the masks, and how to lemove Plans F6r Post-War House the harmful gases from clothing Such a house will hold promise in The school will offei a special the industiial expansion and build- demonstration Friday evening at mg prbgram after the war Its de- 8 30 at the Univexslty’s tube test sign, size and arriangement will not settlement noith of Ross Ade Stake like anything known today, yet dium which will be open to the
its comfort, and convenience, it is public
huped, will suipass anything yet developed
A water mam has been lun out to the settlement fiom Noithwestern Avenue, and firemen and instiuctois will actually demonstrate the right and wrong ways to put out files started by incendiaries and
IM Schedules (Continued from page 3)
Inter Fraternity Aichery compe- othei explosive materials
tition will begin Monday, July 20,
at 4 30 p m Have your men at the Aft lYjCiniar'f Archery Range (noith of ladies sJ i^t^parZlTlGnZ tennis courts) fiom 4 to 5 30 Rv-nr' » x I/*
as often as possible, ^Iimday • nSU^tlfSlGS r ICtOrV
Food Specials
through Friday, to practice foi the tournament All necessaiy equipment will be supplied at the range,
with a competent instructoi—R F Victoiy Food Specials, new device Freyman Each frateinity will have to piomote an oideily flow of the & 2 man team—each man to shoot 'ast increase in production in faim 30 arrows at 30 yards maiket channels is meeting with success, according to announcement All campus bowling schedule, released by the Univeisity depait-
Week 7, July 15, 1942 6 30— Delta Tau Delta vs Pi Kappa Al-
pha
Phi Sigma Kappa vs Pi Kappa
Phi
Alpha Sigma Phi vs Phi Kappa
Tau
Caiy Hall vs Lambda Chi Alpha Phi Gamma Delta vs Beta Theta
Pi
8 46—
Theta Chi vs Kappa Sigma Delta Upsilon vs Sigma Alpha
Epsilon
Phi Delta Theta vs
Omega
Acacia vs Tiiangle Alpha Chi Rho is Sigma Nu
Convo
(Continued fiom page 1)
ticipate in the music festival Saturday include Bill Rothenbergei Mais Smith, and Albeita Schmadel, vo calists, and Lloyd Meyeis and Gene Huffman, baton tiiirlers The laig est vocal gioup to be lepiesented is the Girls’ Glee Club of Maitinsville The program is being sponsoied in co-opeiation with the Univeisity committee on convocations and lec tures Students will be admitted on the passporti and holders of season tickets must piesent then caids Single admission tickets will be 55
cents each
ment of agiicultuie yesterday To date the promotion has moved
laige ovei supplies of lettuce, aspaiagus and oni6ns, while plans are
now undei way to pi event an ovei
supply of bioileis and fiyers dui-
ing the peiiod July 16 to 26 With the “Food Foi Fieedom’’
goals being leached and in some instances exceeded, handicaps as wai time tianspoitation bottle-
necks have threatened some season
al crops with spoilage oi low puce
levels, according to suiveys con
ducted by the Department of AgiiAlpha Tau culture seveial months ago
To lelieve the situation the Vic-
toiy Food Special campaign was devised It has enlisted the vast inaiketing resouices of the wholesale
and letail food industiies Nutii
tionists and home economics groups have been cooperating during the
piogram
F. B. Knight- Speaks At- Illinois Banquet r B Knight, of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology spoke last night at the all university men’s banquet at the Univeisity of Illinois in Uibana The title of Dr Knight’s address was “Our Wai and Oui People ” Students and faculty membeis attended the banquet
By Ralph Trueblood Are you fed up with P E 12’ Tired of M E 66-^ Troubled with English 31 01 H E 110Why not take pictures in your spaie tinie*^ You say that you have all the snapshots that you want*' Good for you, but we said pictures—photographs with life, human interest, and appeal in them The Camera Club has a pictuie, made vith sim pie box camel a, that was good enough to be used as a cover for a nationally known fashion magazine Located in Union In the sub basement of the Union are the rooms of the Camera Club which is sponsoied by Student Union Theie are thlee completely equipped dark rooms, with the piobability of a fourth by next Semester In each dark room will be found all the mechanical equipment necessary for processing film and making prints This includes paper towels, safelights with various filters, papei cutter, easel, a sufficient num ber of trays'^in three different sizes, a private locker for each member, and a modern and capable enlarger In addition to the three dark rooms there is a studio replete with props two spotlights and numerous floodlights 'Sufficient qurntities of light aie available so that excellent portraits may bo made with any camera Club Sponsois -VctiMties The club does ndt take pictures all of the time but sponsois a few other activities Most students al leadj know of the club’s two an nual exhibits one of which is held in t^he spiinu and the other in the fall Attiactive piizes aie awarded in each of three different elasses Other competitions are scheduled as the occasion demands Twice a year the elub also spon sois a course in photogiaphj tunda mentals Each of the courses is complete in itself and takes the stu dents through the whole pioeesb— tiom choosing a earner-i to mount mg the pi int Meetings Ecery Week Meetings are held every other Thursday evening Dui ing the pres ent semester “Enlarging and Tint mg’’, a talk by Veinon Breitweiser, a local photographer, and a “Studio Night’’ conducted by Bill Hayward and Dick Brandt have been featuied, and other similar programs are planned
Scientists To Study Synthetic Rubber Plans Tomorrow
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK Dft HAROLD J RISK — DENTISTS —
400 404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Mam Sts Lafayette
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
University Soak Store
Across From Union Red Sammons *29 • Doc ’ Epple *40
Seventeen pounds of kitchen fats saved will provide a pound and a half of glyceiine, enough to fire 85 anti tank shells
Asesp pmemeWOKP SAPBLV/
NATtOHAl SAFCTY COUNCIL
(Jniversity Holstein Sets High Record
Enough milk has been produced by a 4 year, 8 month old Holstein hr the University herd to fill a 2,000foot row of quart bottles to overflowing, states the Holstein Fieisian Association of Arpeiica As officially lecoided by the Association, Puidue Captain Peiiine is credited with 456 pounds of butteifat fiom 13,762 pounds of milk, and 4iab milked three times daily duiliig the year Testing was supei vised by the Hplhtein-Friesian Association of Amei lea
Our Prices Are Frozen
but Our Quality NEVER!
We are constantly striving to improve our QUALITY, to give our customer the benelit of any improvements.
Hays Jewelry Co. IJl North Fourth St. ^ ^ Fino Jowelry at Moderate Price
Crown Laundry
Top of the Hill
Proft Tiffen Writes
Book On 'Industrial
Psychology'
DeanPofierTo Direct li. 1 htent Planning
In response to the need for a piafctical text for the mstiuction of industrial psychology in defense training classfes. Professor J Tiffen, of thfe University depaitment of education and applied psychology, has written a text entitled “Ifidustrial Psychology ’ This book IS a guide to students, peisonnel directors, faetoiy manage! s and business executives in placing, training and supervising technical woikeis in the war industries Based On Original Research Di Tiffen’s bbok is based largely upon oiiginal research and tests given at the Univeisity in collaboration with leading coiporations In one leseaich project in cooperation with the Bausch and Lomb Optical Company on the measuiement of vision and accident prevention, approximately 15,000 employees weie tested Many of the results of the tests conducted by Dr Tiffen are appearing foi the fiist time in this new book
Dr A A PottfeX, dean of engineer ing at the University, was appointed executive diiector of the national patent planning commission yesterday The commission, headed by Di Charles F Kctteiirfg, was set up last December to study means of utilizing new patents and methods t(/stimulate pioduction and employment aftei the wai
War Council Short meeting ut ^ in the Union office —DEUSTER
Notices
Ceres Pledges Meeting in the Union at 30 p m Wednesday July 16 ‘-WOOU'WARD
AIME Executive Committee meeting Wednesday July 16 at 10 30 p m on the Swedish lounge of the Union SCHALLIOL
Reservists All male students who have not vet completed the two years basio military Training required for graduation and are now members of the Naval or Marine Corps Reserve report to the Adjutants office Purdue Armoiy for impoitant information relative to your status - RIORDAN
Classified Ads
Registration Workers Students who wish to woil for the Registrai during the full term registration August 31 Septemb i 1 and 2 aie r quested to make applie ition at the legistrai s office Those iMlh pievioui experience at registration or in other den cal jobs are given preference —STONE
Chemistry Makeups Chem 3 condition examination \mU be given Wednesday July lo at I p m in room 404 of the Chemistry building —PEARCE
Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoff 605 Mam Lafayette Phone 2779
Money to loan on diamonds watches guns luggage typewriters Alberts Loan Office 407 Columbia
Diiectois of the National Chemuigic Council meeting which is to be held at the Univeisity tomoiiow, July 16, will be attended by Goveinoi Henry F Schiickei and Russel G East, chaiiman of the Indiana Chemuigic Society Among the majoi topics to be consideied by the gioup will be a discussion concerning plans foi synthetic rubber production both by the agiicultuicil and petroleum methods Viewpoints of these two industiies will be expressed by vaiious members of the Council
Lost—Yellow corduroy jacket in EE bldg Call Brophy 4051
Purdue Order of Zouaves The following havt been elected as pledges for the sum" mei scmtslei I R Pieiee R C Booth G J Graham R C Philhpp J A Pitts P M 1 rass J L LiHnd H B Beaeh W r Biadt C V Graft I A Bnokwaltei W R G mmel G A Fielden H S Button O J Meyei C V Ortst uit W G Simp n M A luttle 1 L Steiihcnson J W Sims G H Chiistena R K H irrison D M Ilofimin —JACKSON
Lost Gold Waltham wrist watch on men s tennis courts Saturday Phone Bob Hadley 3301 Rewaro
Lost—Pocketbook containing Mass rogis tiation gas rationing card licenses $10 re wai d if returned immediately to Managers office Union Bldg
New Honey for Sale Phoije 2891 Wiight
L r
Help Wanted—Office assistant—clemen tiry bookkeeping experience and accuricy handling cash some stenographic ability— general filing Write Exponent Box No 14
Whcelei MacMillin, national president and editoi of a faim journal, will preside at the assembly
The “Old Oaken Bucket” is com ing back, WPB is encouraging man ufactuie of wooden pails and tubs lequuing not moie than 15 per cent metad
Sophomore Military Students All sopho more students whi dtsire to bo (onsul red f r enrollment in the A 1 me d Couise ROTC will submit appl utions in person to the Ad\ meed Ct urse Seltelion Bouid ae coidmg to the following schedule The Ad vanced Course Selection Boaid will be in session in Ro m 201 of the Univeisity \rmorj Students with surname beginning with A through 0 Monday July 20 1 to ( pm D thiuugh I Titsdiy Jtlv 21 4 to 0* p m G through K Wednesday July ^ 4 to ( p m I through N Ihursdaj July 3 I li r p m O thiough S Frulaj Jiil> -1 1 to 6 p ni It en i Situiday July 25 1 lo 1 p m Students who aie not able t ittend the regular meeting of their spectn gi i ps bh iild contiet inj (pho m le instiuctoi in Mihtirv Fraining foi sp eific p rnii ski t meet w th in Ih r (1 up Fail lie (f ny tidcnt t( ubmit /U). heal on on < ne of the ab ve elites is m indication t) the Bond that he is n t in t rested ii lein„ e i ide i d f i enrollment m Advmced Ce ui e ROIC CRAHAM
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH*S
A Buffalo, N Y, concein is mak ing a new type oi sponge s-wcat band to keep the sweat fiom lun ning into the eyes of wai pioduccion woikers, they had to find substi tutts loi glyceiine and gum lubbcr
P/re^/M
Keep Pitching with ■ United States WAR BONDS & STAMPS!
Every Stamp and Bond You Buy HELPS TO CALL A STRIKE ON AMERICA’S ENEMIES
fee/ in the Game Now!
Buy
WAR BONDS & STAMPS!
?T/
r, July 13, m2
rrcHhmon Campers Theie will be a meetihj? of all those interested in Freshman
Lump on Ititsclay July Al in R6om 864 6f the Uhion It IS hoped that a large ot foi/ner crimpers will plan tb attend ahd help make plans for the August camp Anyone who is interested in acting as a Counselor this year but Who fcannofc be at this meeting may call ^halliol (66062) Silver (8^21) —SINGER
\r
Phi Lambda UpSiIon Fledges There will be a short meeting of all pledges in f’oom lOG of the Chemistry building Monday, July 20 at 4 p m A lull atendante is expected —ADAMS
Furduc Engineer All aofiior staff meinbers will report to the office WedheSday, July 16 at 4 p m for Debris —YOUNGBtOOt)
Tau Beta Pi Important business meeting Thursday July 16 at 7 30 p m in rooni 304 of the Union Election of pledges will take place Thursday July 23 at 7 30 p ni in room 304 of the Union This meeting is compulsory —YOUNGBLOOD
Freshhtan Engineers Freshman engineers who were absent from Engineering Lectu^res on Saturday July ll should get their seat assignments for EE Lecture room at my office in Executive Building before 4pm on Fridaj July 17 —KNAPP
Zouaves Foimal pledging Wednesday July 15 at 4 15 p m in Armoiy New summer uniform with overseas hat will be woi n JACKSON
POMM Picnic will be held Friday July hi Cars will leave the Armory for fair grounds at 4 p m All present and former membeis are invited Please sign list on advanced course bulletin board —JACKSON
Freshman Women All freshman women must be in their place of residence bY 8 00 p m eveiy night except Friday Saturday and Sunday Regular coed hbuis will be in effect for those three nights ^ —HARRISON
Sophomore and Junior Metallurgical Engineers Softball game Friday July 17 at 4 p m on diamond No 1 Sophomores see Jim Baldwin Juniors see Glen Stocken meier —SCHALLIOti Gimlet Club Initiation Wednesday July lo at 8 50 p m at SPE house Pledges bring towels paddle full box and initiation fee —FRASER
ASME All Mechanical Engineering stu dents interested in woiking in the ASME organization are uiged to attend the meet mg Wednesday evening July 15 1942 at 7 30 in thi Computing Room in the Mo chanical Engineering building Refresh mentb will be served —WIGGINS
SCA Board Board meeting Tuesday July '’I at 30 p m in the SCA room Full attendance is important since business k scntial foi the futurt welfare of the SCA shall be discussed Please be prompt - MOGAVERO
Interfraternitj President s Council Keys art it the liaternity affairs office Come and get them —SCHWAB
All Science Seniors All those who plan to gr duate in August call at Den Enders ollne ll hll out the necessary blanks —ENDERS
Students Art Guild Meeting in Puttering Shops at 7 30 p m Wednesday July 16 —REEVES