Sthc Purilue TSxpanettt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE. INDIANA. WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 4, 1936
mjMBERas
ROOSEVELT SWEEPS ELECTION
Townsend Leading Springer By 100,000
McNutt Protege Gains Large Advantage; Many
County Offices Go To Republicans
Indianapolis, Nov. 4 — M. Clifford Townsend, Democratic candidate for governor was leading his republican opponent Raymond S. Springer by a plurality of 109,663 with 1, 276 precincts out of "a total of 3,840 in the state tabulated. The total votes were: Townsend 388,555, Spranger 278,892. In the congressional race with all but 28
New Governor
Clifford Townsend
Literary Digest Olticer Speechless*
Chicago, 111., Nov. 4.—^An official of the Literary Digest, in commenting upon the Democratic landslide which was so contrary to their predictions, said, “I am simply astounded at the results.” “We constructed our poll from 10,000,000 ballots and we received more than 2,000,000.” The Digest gave Landon 379 electoral votes, and Boosevelt 161. In concluding the interview, the official exclaimed, “I can’t explain the apparent landslide.”
Phillips Will 3peak Nov. 10
Co-£d Groups To Sponsor The Annual Activity Banquet
Miss Lena Madesin Phillips will be the speaker for the annual co-ed activities banquet which will be held Tuesday, November 10, at 5:30 in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. This banquet is sponsored by WSGA, YWCA, WAA, with Elizabeth Ann Stewart as chairman of the committee in charge. Miss Phillips is quite well-known national figure and speaker. She is a practicing attorney in New York City. Miss Phillips is a member of the American Bar Association; international president of the Business and Professional Women’s Club, and associate-editor of the Pictorial Review magazine. Several magazines and newspapers have recently printed a great number of Miss Phillips’ articles. Guests Other guests at the banquqt will be President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott, Mrs. Virginia 0., ^Meredith, Jlean Dorothy C. Stratton, Miss Helen B. Schleman, DC, Harriet O’Shea, Miss Helep VV. Hazelton, Miss Clare: A; Caolidge, Dean Mary L> Matthews, Mrs. Roy C. Street, president of the local Business and Professi^al Women’s Club, Mias Elofa Carpenter, president of the Altrusa Club, and the heads- of all the co-ed activities. Tickets at 65 cents each will be on sale at the sorority houses, the WRH, various co-ed residences, ahd at the Union desh the latter part of this week.
of the 92 counties tabulated, 11 Democrats and 1 Repu]t>lican were leading. Halleck, candidate for the second district was reported leading by a majority of one thousand votes. County Election In the county election, with 46 precincts out of a total of 58 tabulated, the republicans were virtually assured of all the county offices. Tippecanoe county, long regarded as a Republican stronghold appeared to waver in its loyalty to the G. O. P. in the early returns but later a substantial majority to all the Republican candidates was tabulated. In the race for the seats in the House, of Representatives the Democrats claimed 11 positions and the Republicans one.
Horticultural
Show Opens This Friday Feature Display Will Consist of Chrysanthemum Exhibit
Final arrangements have been completed and actual work is well under way on the 16th Annual Purdue Horticultural Show which will open Friday at 1:00 p. m. This show promises to be one of the largest ever stalled by the University Horticultural Club in cooperation with the Indiana Horticultural Society and the Indiana Vegetable Growers’ Association. Keen competition is developing in the fruit and vegetable classes with over $600 in merchandise being offered as premiums. The beautiful collection of cbrysanthemums will again be exhibited in the greenhouses. They are in fine condition and will be at the height of their beauty when the show opens. Visiting Hours Tbe visiting hours of the show will be: Friday, November 6, 1:00 p. m. to 9:00 p. m.; Saturday, November 7, 8:00 a. m. to 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p. m. to 9:00 p. m.; and Sunday, November 8,1:00 p. m. to 6:00 p. m.
Tau Beta Pi Names
23 New Pledges
Tau Beta Pi, national engineering honorary fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men: juniors: W. C. Mushafti, J. R. Murray, and J. C. Sanders; seniors: J. M. Baker, J. M.. Brewer, L. W. Buchanan, G. J. Easley, R. F. Egnor, C. F. Hall, C. G. Kennedy, C. L. Klaiber, J. X). Leffel, G. W. Martin, %. D. O’Neil, R. Pugh, W. U. Seiler, R. W. Staley, W. L. Wearly^' F, G, Wahli J. R. Wergin, F. G. WiH6y, P. C. Wray, and J. W. Wright. The formal initmtion i;)<eremony will take place ia4ne Union Building on Monday* Nbvember-^l^]^ 4 o!clock'^and will hb followed l^p banquet held in hpnoy of the newj^f initid^d tAe% \ ; i|j
Henry B, Stoeg, Q, E. ’24, Cityj Engineer of R^^ftnapplis, has re" cently been ap^inted Director o:. the City Offipial^^ Division of the American Road l^lders’ Association. He will make series of radio speeches on highway safety at the request of the Association,
The Hatioii*s Choice
New Deal Is Square Deal; ^VictoryNot Party Triumph ’
ELECTION ODDITIES
Governor Alf M. Landon carried his precinct last night by a vote of 2 to 1. President Roosevelt lost his precinct in Hyde Park, N. Y., to Governor Landon. The Kansan carried his birthplace. West Middlesex, Pennsylvania, by a 26 vote majority, 305 to 280.
Gov. Horner
Easy Winner States Atty. Courtney Wins Big Majority
Chicago, 111., Nov. 3. — Nearly the entire Democratic ticket in Illinr ois was voted into office by the election yesterday with Roosevelt winning by approximately a 4 to 1 majority. Governor Homer led G. Wayland Brooks, Republican candidate, by a large margin. J. Hamilton Lewis, Democratic candidate for senator defeated Otis F. Glenn, Republican, by over A to 1. 'Two Democratic congressmen-at-large were elected, Lewis Lang and E. V. Champiqn. State Attorney Courtney won by a larger margin than did President Roosevelt.
Allen To Address Science Institute
Dr. J. F. Allen of thef University chemistry staff is to ^ive an address at the openiuif session of the meeting of the Indiana Academy of Science to be held at Central Normal College, Danville, November 6. Dr, Allen spent a number of years ip extracting, purifying and investigating the properties of krypton and xenon, the rarest components of the atmosphere.
Lodde Registration Closes Today At 5 ;00
Participants in the Lodde speak:hg contest must submit their names »debate office in the Memorial ^d#]^uilding b^ore 6 oclock this irnooh,^ All ce-eds e;xcept the embers of the co-ed debate squad a|’j0 eligible. V Plieliminary speeches will be givei$ ii^ room 301 of University Hall toWrrow.
New York City, Nov. 3.—Chairman of the Democratic National Committee, James A. Farley, at 11:20 oclock (C. S. T.) tonight admitted the victory of Franklin D. Roosevelt over his Republican opponent, Gov. Alfred M. Landon.
“Though the election was won under a Democratic majority, tonight’s victory is not a partisan triumph,” he declared. “It was less of a triumph for Roosevelt and Garner than it was for the people of the cquntry.” “Franklin D. Roosevelt’s mission is to see that all of us have a square deal,” Farley stated. “We may now look forward to accomplishing the completion of recovery.”
“I have an idea that the people, who so viciously assailed the President are now ashamed of the Jbitterness they brought into tbie campaign,” he concluded. “After today, I do not think anybody will dojiibt the spirit of liberaQsm that actuated our citizens.”t
Indiana Plans 4-H Pirpgram
Takes Pjyurt lit National Achi^vc^eiithBroadcast
Indiuha’s part in the annual natiotml 'd-H club achievement broad-
cast,-which will be given again this year over WLW at Cincinnati from 11:46 to 12:16 next'Saturday, Nov. 7, will take thC form of a tribute to Joseph A. Hassmer, of Lawrenceburg, who recently gave his estate in Ripley county as the site for a permanent 4-H club camp for southeastern Indiana. The gift includes 60 acres of land and a fine colonial home of 12 rooms, which will serve as offices and general headquarters for the club camp staff. ^There are also other farm buildings and a number of cabins, already erected, making the camit an ideal site for outing for farm youths of the entire southeasteim part of the state. The program will be opehed by Harry F. Ainsworth, assistant state club leader on the Purdue University Agricultural Extension staff, who will introduce C, K. Whistler agricultural agent in Boone county. Also taking pajt will be John A. Hillenl^rand, of Batesville, representing t!^ board of trustees of Purdue, i^der whose direction the 4-H program is handled in the state.
President Receives
All-Time High
Winning re-election by the largest majority ever a president of the United States, Franklin DelaimlfeidigwVdli^ Democratic candidate, defeated Governor Alfred of Kansas, Republican candidate yesterday. Roosevelt won the electoral crflege votes of every state bat three, Vermont, New* Hamp-
shire, and Maine. The unofficial electoral college vote was 519 to 12. John D. M. Hamilton, national chairman of the Republican party, conceded the election to President Rooseelt shortly after midnight. At 2 o’clock this morning the total vote was approximately 13,000,000 for Roosevelt to 7,660,000 for Alfred Landon. In the congnressional race noted Republicans who retained their offices were Snell and Fish of New York, in the House of Representatives. L. J. Dickinson, of Iowa, appeared to be holding his own in his race for reelection to the Senate.
Bohumir Kryl Thrills Large Convocation
Audience Requests Encores From Orchestra, Soloists
By A. B. Keller Bohumir Kryl, assisted by his two soloists, Cornelia Sona, harpist, and Margery Maxwell, vocalist; thrilled a capacity audience in the Memorial Gymnasium last night at the third University convocation by renditions of some of the best known classical selections. Most noticable was the rhythm and flowing expression that trailed from the renouned director’s hands. His g^^tures were unmarred by the use of a baton. Encores In addition to the announce^ program, a jiuipber of encorbs were added,, one of Which, plgycd ut^the closS of the concert, was ^’The Flight Of The Bumble Beq”/ Immediately following the intermission, Kryl uffiszed his listeners by the wide ^nge which he controlled on his^bttrnet, at times even invading Hie low pitch of the tuba. Melodious “Mighty Lak A Rose”, was fhe encore chosen to sustain the Applause of an appreciative audience.
MiUtary Ball Programs At Door; Grand March At 10
Holders of tickets to the Military Ball will exchange them for their programs as they enter the Memorial Union ballroom Friday night, according to an announcement made last night by the committee in charge of the affair. The hours of the dance are from 9 till 1 o’clock, and the grand march will start at 10 o’clock. Bill Ho^an is bringing his nationally famous orchestra here for the dance. Hogan’s father originally wanted him to be a dentist,^ but finally yielded to his sons pleas and gave him $1,000 to start an orchestra. With that start and what he calls a lot of “good luck,” his band has been selected to play in many of the nation’s finest entertainment spots, during the past few years.
Mohlman Cup Coutest Closes At Noon Today
All organization wishing to enter teams in the Mohlman intramural debate contest must do so before noon today, when the contest closes. The contest is open to all campus organizations and the winning one will be given possmlon of the Mbldman cup for one year.
Landon Replies
“The President, Hyde Park, N. Y. The nation has spoken. Every American will accept the verdict, and work for the common cause of the good of the country. That is the spirit of democracy. You have my sincere congratulations. Alf M. Landon.”
Two Students Held On Burglary Charge
Two ^University students were discovered last ifight at 10:45 by state police ixran attempt to loot Hie Standard Oil Company’s filling station located on the corner of State and prant streets. 'The police refuse to divulge the names of the culprits.
Hart Speaks Tomorrow
Noted Leader Witt Aik dress Several Univeroity Organizatioiis
Dr. John Robbins Hart, well known to the University of Pennsylvania students for a quarter of a century as a friend, advisor, and leader w411 speak to the members of the Cosmopolitan Club and the Purdue Religious Council tomorrow in a series of talks sponsored by these groups. Dr. Hart, whose undergraduate and graduate work embraces a wide field, deabbg especially with humanistic studies of economics, sociology, psychology, and religion, will deliver his first talk on “Character Psychology, and Salesmanship” at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon in room I in the Memorial Union Building. Guest He is to be the guest of A. F. Futoohee, president of the Cosmopolitan Club at dinner in the Purdue Commons Club at 5:30, where he is scheduled to talk on “College Lxfe^** Members of the CosmopoUtan Club who wis|ttojattend Hus dfinner must make arrangements before tomorrow at 7:30 a. m. 4,^ . The main program at 7:30 in the faculty Ibunge in the Memorial Union BuBdingwhexe Dr« Hart wiU talk on “Intenmtionat Comradeship.” Students, faculty, and the general public are invited to attend these lectures in the Purdue Upiott Build* ing.
PIratIuiii
Pirathon Fraternity announcea the pledging of A. H. Exti»» Ehir* ion, Ohio and W. <^1. Cpter* ^outh Bend, Ihdiatta*
A
'.m
^ Afr A. j.i ■■ il4M
iiAiiutiiu
SypH (-r ^ ^ pf#A' ?' '
^Bi^^bsss:
>>ii ’-■< J,’* <jfrei»5t.V!™ rfi*?'r Hv -SfffPr'
tii;
V i
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday> November 4,1936
The Editor Says
What Does It Mean?
Yesterday the American people re-elected Franklin D, Roosevelt. What does this decision mean? It means that the New Deal measures for socild security have met with the popular approval . It means that the voters credit the administration with bringing about recovery. It means that the charges of waste and extravagance made against the New Deal were believed false. It means that the huge addition to the national debt was looked upon as justifiable. It means that the American people are convinced that President Roosevelt has been working for their best interests.
Notes On Cheering
Many students and fans have expressed a great dissatisfaction at the quality of cheerleading in this and recent years. Last spring the suggestion was made that some sort of training be given prospective cheerleadep, but apparently those who direct the destinies of Purdue’s cheerleaders decided that nothing could or should be done. As a result, once again we are faced with the protests of the student body. In a recent issue of the Nebraska Alumnus an anonymous graduate of that school declared that organized cheering should be abolished. He claimed that fans yell only when they are in the mood, and that, rather than see organized cheering die slowly, he would prefer to see it done away with in one move. That idea has possibilities, but I can still see uses for cheerleaders, providing they have been properly trained and have enough ambition. Pep sessions must have someone to take charge and give the signals for cheers. Too, organized cheering adds to the color of the games. The good old “Purdue Yell” always produces results unless it is is overdone, poorly timed, or poorly led. What Purdue has needed, and still needs is cheerleaders who have the necessary training and pep.
Activity Hounds
There are a certain few men in every fraternity or rooming house on the campus who go in for activities in a big way. They may not actually do a lot of work in the activities but they think that they do. They look at their responsibility through a magnifying glass. They spend hours and hours trying to think of a way by which tliey can find time in which to perform their multitudinous tasks. Their brows become furrowed from too much thinking of this kind. They get dark circles under their eyes from staying up late telling how busy and important they are.Their shoulders become bowed under their burden. And how they despise those among their acquaintances who sit around all day doing nothing. How they pity those who spend all their spare time playing cards or going to the movies. And they feel pretty proud of themselves and all their accomplishments and fail to see how anyone can get ahead of them in the world. Then, perhaps in their senior year, usually a few years after they have graduated, they find that certain of those sluggards for whom they had predicted a job as ashman or dogcatcher, have suddenly come to life and are taking an active and able interest in things, and their boundless self-confidence is shattered by the realization that some of those fel-
I^urtiue exponent FannOed la 1883 1936 Member 1937 l^sockied CbUedicite Press Distributors of CDlie6iQteDi6est M«flibcr NatiMud Crilcs* Prcaa Aasociation, Bis Edltarial AMoeiation aapRBSBNTeo 00m NarioNAt. ADvaaTiaiNia av NaKcmal Advertising Service, Inc ColUf* Pmbllskers Repwentative 420 Maoison Ave. New York. N. Y. CHICAOO . BOSTON . SAN FRANCISCO Los ANGKLBS . PORTLAND . SSATTLB Bntered as second class matter at tlie post otnee, Lafayette, Indiana. Oelirered by mail, 18.60 per year; delivered by ean^r, $2.60 per year; sold by single owy, 2 cents. MAIN OFFXGB-812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087 Daily Student Publication of Purdue Univeraity EDITORIAL STAFF " EdiUnr-in-Chief -W. T. Hunt Managing Editor It- H. Morris Aabo^te EdHors ... . JL A. Barnette. J. E. Brock. A. H. Forster. B. P. Manion. 0. L. Sadler SPORTS STAFF Bptots Editor. .L, D. Wood Aaeoetote ftports Editors. W. H. Fifleld. S. B. Oriffiths. R. F. Obenehain BUSINESS STAFF Bnainess Manager.- —Jt. J. Hulse national Advertising Manager. L. H. Brown Loeal Advertising Manager...- D. 0. Miller Cfaentetioa Manager — j. p. cirard WOMBNn STAFF jEdltee.— —. Helen Creech AdvertiMw MaMger.—r —.... .Betty Barnett Asaoefato Ediwra.— Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elisabeth Pyke iMtte Editor—<1. R. Clark
lows who did not make much of an effort in college are doing better than they. And they cant do much about it. Fbur years of flitting from task to task, doing many jobs but none well, has made them unfit for serious work and concentration on the single problem that will confront them. The apparent success which gave them the will to go for more successes in college, is gone and, sullen and bewildered, they try to readjust themselves to their new environment with but a ^air measure of success. It is true that this isn’t a picture of the average conscientious activity hian. It is very true that participation in campus activities is a builder of responsibility, resourcefulness, and self-reliance, but every thing can be overdone—and all too often is.—J. E. B.
Ignorance Is Not Bliss
Nearly everyone who voted or who was eligible to vote in yesterday’s election knew something, truthful or not, about the presidential candidates. Roosevelt and Landon had made little if any personal contact with most of those who voted, yet their policies were more or less known to the general public. Yet how many persons knew anything at all about the state or local officials for whom they voted ? The actions of these men will probably have a more direct effect on the voter than will the actions of the national administration, although that point is debatable. It would be a good wager to bet that not one in a hundred was familiar with the records or policies of all candidates for whom he or she voted. It is a sad commentary that most people vote a straight ticket nearly all the time. This state of affairs permits the winning candidate for the major office to sweep many weak and unfit men into office with him. It is perhaps because they realize this that the political bosses of both parties rely on the popularity of their major candidates and soft-pedal the merits or lack of merit of the candidates for less prominent offices. For the matter, it is a sorry mess when So many thousands vote for a candidate merely because he happens to be a Republican or a Democrat. The “solid south” is an example, though perhaps a poor one. Down south the man who is nominated as a Democrat is almost automatically elected; the poor Republicans don’t have a chance. This is probably due, however, to the indefensible manner in which Republicans took over the South immediately following the Civil War. Apparently southern gentlemen need a long time to forget an in-
justice.
As long as elections tor so many offices are held at the same time, this sad situation Will probably continue.
Readers’ Opinions
The txfonent weleomet- eemmentt of good tvtte ai\i reetonabU
length from its readers.
Support For No Smoking
To the Editor: Oncq in a while engineering students have occasion to visit the south campus. Friday morning between 8 and 9 o’clock classes I happened to walk through the Horticulture Building, and in the north entrance hall I came across a group of six or eight men smoking in the building. Maybe sofnone should write the Ag school a letter and tell them that there is a movement afoot to reinstate the no-smoking tradition. Naturally when we say, “No smoking on the campus,” we don’t mean the entire campus, for this would include Cary Hall, Ross-Ade Stadium, and instructors’ offices in the English and Civil Buildings, and the Armory; and some instructors are continuing to use their offices as a smoking room in the face of the movement. However, it seems that the tradition should include the Ag campus.„ My personal feelings are against the tradition for various reasons. I also feel that if a complete poll could be taken, a majority would be found favoring its abolishment. However, as long as the tradition is in existence and active, I shall certainly stay in line. Until this tradition is thrown out, I pledge my support ernity founded on the principle of service to the campus. This organization wishes to go on record as favoring the movement to uphold the no smoking tradition, and guarantees its hearty support. —H. F. Kueck, ’37, Presand that of Alpha Phi Omega, a national frat ident. Alpha Phi Oipega^
£dit<^s Note: The no smoking campaign is not directed against smoking in offices. The action of Alpha Phi Omega in approving the no smoking battle makes the moement even more unanimous; as was said yesterday, it seems that much of the opposition is coming from certain faculty members who are trying to influence their students to violate this honorable tradition.
Anger is never without reason, but seldom with a good one.—^Franklin.
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELP-Govemment. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce hon-
orary fees.
4. Eliminate physical punishikient by honor-
■ ill
ary and social groups.
5. Reform the Student Union election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular
elections.
MARION KIDD now owes BILL ROBY whatever their bet called for—MARION, pever bet that your name will not appear in this column—^that is a sure way to hdve it placed in such ... “I love to break dates” BLOW and'”! break-’em all the time” BEST, of the Pi Phi and Kappa Houses respectively, may be crowned champs of the “I got brass nerve club”—after breaking dates to the Triad Friday night they both had the brass to appear at the dance with other dates ...
Good Day Gentle Reader: We now instruct you in the amenities of good grace. This week’s lesson is entitled"*'Armchair Etiquette —or, the Queensbury rules in the clinches.” PRELIMINARIES: (Adv.) Use Mum, Zip, Lifebuoy, Listerine, Blondex, Dr. Carter’s Liver Pills, Crysto-Mint (Preliminary only), Turns, and remove all Safety Pins. EQUIPMENT: 1 Armchair, 1 Golf Bag (if you like golf), 1 Heckuva lotta pep. PROCEDURE: Seat both principals in armchair. (That’s enough. Any fool knows where to go from here—and, when you have to leave, you have to leave.) Yours Drooly, Daily lllini.
Two specials per day, one telephone call per day—this was the average that WRH MARJORIE McKINLEY maintained last week—■ the sucker on the other end of the line was her man in Jeffersonville will this continue this week ? ? ...
Is it true that Sigma Chi BILL WILSON planked his pin upon Nurse THOMPSON of the Home Hospital last July but took another charming example of femininty to the Triad Friday eve? ? . ..
A couple of WRHers who are pledges in a certain very big sorority of the campus made the statement the other day tha); they were not gding to do certain work which their actives had prescribed for them — these little gals seem to think that this sorority needs th«r money so badly that they won’t do ansrthing about their laxity—at least that was their story . . .
ADKINS asked FARQUHARSON to Gold Diggers—she then broke the .date to go to Minnesota game—FARKIE followed her to the game—^they had their date in Min' neapolis—who footed the bill? ? ..
If BLOCK and TACKLE hasn’t reported to the Union desk for the MARS passes that he earned last week with his contrib, your editor wishes he would do so kind of soon like . . . “bmoc” HUGHES went to the Carnegie game Saturday leaving FKANKIE “Young Thing” FORD a widow again—FLORENCE, the home town gal has worried poor FRANKIE sick . . .
NOTICE Co-Eds—R. P. MANION and A. H. FOfeSTER, EXPONENT Junior Editors, have bet upon the outcome of the election — if Landon wins FORSTER kisses the first gal that passes- Heavilon Hall tower at a certain thpe — if Roosevelt wins MANION will do the pleasant deed —^the line will form to the west of the tower for an all day wait—■ “ALICE” JUSTIN will be at the head . . . —Editor.
MARS DOITY DOIT MARS passes for you, you, and you—^they’re easy to get—^just turn m the best doit and you’re set—Fri day is the deadline for this week’i doit . . . . J
Lehman Defeats Blakely in N, Y. Governorship
New York City, N. Y., Nov. 4. Judge William P. Blakely, republican cahdidate for governor conti^ded the election to Governor Herbert H. Lehman early this morning.
Rooms Wanted
A;[>p]^3dinately forty rooms will be needed for the Poultry Short Course students from November 9 to 20. People who have rooms to rent during this period should call University Poultry Department, Bm.
“Don’t you think we could alsagive him the key to our house, dear?”
Discussion Group Will Talk On ‘Why Be Moral’
“Why Be Moral?” will be topic before the discussion group at a meeting of the Student Union Forum this evening at 7:30 in room 2 of the Memorial Union Building. Jeanette Scudder will lead the discussion and invites all students to attend this meeting.
Chemistry Faculties To Attend Reception.
The Student Union is having a reception tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the faculty lounge to acquaint the faculty members of the chemistry department and chemical engineering school with the Union and the privileges and advantages that it offers them.
T. K. Noss Wffl Speak On Social Service Work
' T. K. Noss of the education department will describe social service work in the larger cities to the members of the social service c6mmittee of the Y. W. C. A. this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the oflice of the organization. The meeting is open to all co-eds.
ARE YOU GE'TTING AN EXPONENT?
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUtHBR A. RISK
400 Schulte Bldg. Phone 5701
On the skilful check of the minutest detcdls hongs life and deefth... Protect against Tuberculosis by dbecking your health.
The Notional, State and Local Tuberculosis Associations of tne United States
ARC LAST TIMNS TODAY
RUDY VALLEE in
“Follies Bergerie’’ — also — KEN MAYNARD in “Heroes of the Range”
Foundation PIan§. Varied Programs
The new mid-week class of the Wesley Foundation which is discussing, “The Technique Of Planning Worship Services,” will meet at the foundation house at 7:00 tonight. This group is planned for those interested in preparing services for Sunday schools and Epworth Leagues. The class in “Preparation For Marriage” will meet’ at 206 Piered street at 9:00 to discuss the problems of the engagement period. The first roller skating party of the Wesley Foundation for this year will be held this Friday. The charge is 25 cents single, or 40 cents a couple, covering cost of skates, the transportation ajnd refreshments.
LAST TIMES TODAY i PQUBLE FEATURE I
HENRY FONDA “SPENDTHRIFT” — and — GLORIA STUART “36 HOURS 'tO KILL”
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday FRANKIE DARRO
in
‘RACING BLOOD”
— and —
BRUCE CABOT
‘LEGION OF TERROR’
FRANK MORGAN HUH) WESIIEY
Thursday Only ROSS ALEXANDER GLENDA FARRELL Ui ‘Here Comes Carter”
LUMA
LAST TIMES TODAY
. ASTORYOFm 3IEaiWUS...WHEK mOHT IS BiqHTt
McIyACIEH
''mncniFicEiiT BRUTES
.BINNIE BARNES William HALi
Tonturi-ow Friday - Sutnrduy CLAIRE TREVOR “15 MAmSN LANE” HENRY ^IL^OXON “The President’s Mystery*^
/MWGitiiiiElililiHilfii
! t
' /
J
THE PHEHUE'EXTONEHT
Varsity To Leave For New York Toiuorrow
i^4|ita^ To Taekfe Tordibato SatuMay; Drakey Isbe!f, ^leaieiip f:t|fe<e«eii! To Tomorrow aftemo§n the Varsity foothml squad leaves for Hew York City to tackle ForiMam, ohe df the Hose B6wl earididates^ after having o|iiy tWe iiighta of actual plfiiefic^ sihce the Carnegie Tech game. The team seems to be id the bbst tt ha^ been in eihce
Drake,
the Chicago game,
bell, and Stalcup are expected to be in good condition by Saturday which m^ans that the whole first stnng backfield will see action against the Rams. Vergane is still laid up with a cast on his knee, but Spehn seems to
be doing a good job as right end. The Boilermaker’s new “touchdown twins,” Isbell and Drake, did hot see action against Fordham last year when Purdue gave the Rams their only defeat. Both Isbell and Drake were forced to remain on the sidelines due to injuries received in
the Northwestern game.
The Boilermakers have a string of seven consecutive victories marked up for them in their eastern battles. Two of these have been against Fordham. In 1934 the Boilermakers defeated Fordham 7 to 0, and last year the home team trounced the
New Yorkers 20 to 0.
GOLD & BLACK
TODAY Official Acacia va Beta Theta Pi Greey Delta Sigma Lambda va Delta Upsilon Abell Kappa Delta Bho va Phi Delta Theta Caporaao P^ii Kappa Sigma va Delta Chi Spencer Tau Epailon Phi va Tau Kappa Epailon Bredewater
Democrats Capture Republican Stronghold
Pa.,
Philadelphia, Pa., Nov. 4 — For the first time since 1866, just 80 years of electons, this qunker city went on record with a plurality for ^ Democratic candidate. The vote in the state of Pennsylvania was 1,530,022 for Roosevelt, and 1,144,977 for Landon at 2:30^o’clock (C.S.T.)
this morning.
bbeil, Drake Lead Squad
Team Averages Yards In Ball-Carrying Purdue’s colorful football eleven will invade New York City Saturday with a running attack that has been averaging five and one-half
yards a crack.
Cecil Isbell and John Diake, Purdue’s new “touchdown twins,” head the yardage parade with average marks of 9.36 and 6.50 respectively. The air lanes have added materially to the Boilermakers’ gains, and with Cecil Isbell on the throwing end of most of the passes, 26 out of 68 aerials have been completed for total gains of 295 yards. The complete ground gaining statistics for the first five games of the season, on the thirteen players who have carried the ball, including running plays from scrimmage only, follows:
Player Atps. Cecil Isbell, fb John Drake, hb Bob Selby, hb Ross Dean, hb
Anthony Ippolito f b Anthony Juska, fb
Fred Stalcup, hb Ben Medley, hb
Charles Purvis, hb
Cody Isbell qb
Wayne Gift, qb-hb
Yds G. 52 487
64 19
3
41 14 2& 24
8 1 3
416 122 11 138 45 78 72 16
1 2
Ave. 9.36 6.50 6.42 3.66 3.36 3.21 3.12 3.00 2.00 1.00 0.67
SOFTBALL
TODAY Field 10—Phi Delta Theta s Sigma Alpha Epsilon Official Bartllng. 12—Sigma Phi Epailon vs Kappa Delta Bho Official, Gillia.
JuL
PACBARD
r—mtl M. AODND Hm4
UKTRO-SHBVER
EVERY MAN SHOULD HAVE THEM
LEKrmiTE
Tlw LEmO-SHA.VEB ia cu blq on improveiaeBt over aafotr ibaon cm fliaY wwlaoyitxiheakbiitdyhbiCr •bokllil zdionf of grandiotlwt'sdaY, Whlskaradlooqppeat wUhOutappaxont xooaoa toonriiu} foiu fooa glowiAQlr aiimidaded tu4 olomi. Aad flio itetHOUGHTER (flameleaa) xam with fiko lEKtRO-SHAVBS oa on impioveibMUKToiKilryow ckfoxalto to fli* Uahler and puff IltofaroD—olfidiiioliQhtax thot co^ ^.refilla only 4 Umtg a ymar. Lit oa demonaiiato bolb, today!
Loeb & Hene Co.
CO-EDS!
We have a complete tine of sheer chiffon
hose-^riew shades in
ringtess quality hose.
tf you have not finished yotir shopping for the
Military Ball ydu will find every feminine need at
loOdi Hbiib Co*
Cecil Isbell Leads Individaal Seoiing With 45 Points
As the country’s football teams prepare to swing into the second half of this season’s schedule, the scoring table shows thdt the Purdue gridders have piled up an impressive number of points. Statistics also show the versatility of the Gold and Black attack, since these 124 points have been accumulated by the use of no less than thirteen different plays. Cecil Isbell, Purdue’s versatile candidate for All-American honors at fullback, leads the Boilermaker scoring parade with 46 points, accumulated on SIX touchdowns and nine points after touchdown, while John Drake, another candidate for “all-team” honors at right halfback has a total of four touchdowns to his credit for 24 points in Big Ten games to stand in the upper bracket of conference scorers. Versatile Attack The versatility of Purdue’s attack is ^hown by tbe fact that dui of 18 touchdowns, fi^e havd beefi scored on forward Tiasses, one on an intercepted lateral, two on lateral passes, and ten on running plays from scrimmage. The individual scoring table to date-fdllows: Player Tdwns P.A.T. Tot. Cecil Isbell fb 6 9 45 John Drake hb 4 0 24 Anth. Ippolito fb 2 0 12 Paul Humphrey, c 1 0 6 Bill Vergane, e 10 6 Andy Botney, e 10 6 James Zachary, e 1 0 6 Cody Isbell, qb 10 6 Fred Stalcup, hb 1 0 6 Clem Woltman, t 0 3 3 *Lee Graves, g 0 0 2 Joe Mihal, t 0 11 Anthony Juska, fb 0 1 1
18 14 124 <*) Blocked punt against Wisconsin for automatic safety.
Press Lists 20 Best Grid Teams
Northwestern’s football squad rai^bs first in the latest!^ridiron poll, conducted by the Associated Press. In a battle of ballots fought almost as fiercely as the Gopher-Wildcat struggle last Saturday, sports experts throughout the country listed the twenty best teams in the country, rating them on a 10-9-8-7-6-6-4-3-2-1 basis. The twenty teams, in the order of their national standing are: Northwestern, 412 points; Minnesota, 371; Fordham, 227; Marquette 212; Pittsburgh, 191; Washington, 181; Louisiana State, 168; Nebraska, 165; Santa Clara, 145; Tulane, 93. Southern California, 76; Southern Methodist, 40; Notre Dame, 17; Alabama, 16; Duke, 10; Pennsylvania, 10; Washington State, 8; Dartmouth, 4; Tennessee, 4; and Auburn, 3.
Lowell Decker Will Leave Hospital Soon
Lowell Decker, one of the si^ victims of the disastrous locker-room fire at the Civil Engineering camp on last September 12, is still confined to the hospital, but is recovering rapidly and will probably be released within the next two weeks. He is being kept imder observation uptil his burns have entirely healed, in order to prevent any complications that may arise before the formation of the new skin.
Ultdef Tfie Mirror
Bo«k notes from the Browsing Boom
POWERFUL AMERICA By Eugene J. Young
A recent addition to our shelves as a gift from W. H. Winterrowd of tha Class of 1907 is the book, “Powerful America,” by Eugene J. Young. The author was war editor and foreign news., editor of the WORLD and is now cable editor of the NEW YORK TIMES. The book deals with the conflict of the ideals of nationalism and those of world-unity, a conflict that has been going on since the tnl’n of the century apd ip a much greater ratio since the World War. It is interestipg to see what this author considers America’s place in a re-arming world.
ielder’s ...choice 'B|y Bdb Watpute«iidi«iiMfa>4
Katitonal football rankings list Nurthwestem at the Minnesota in second place, followed by Fordham in third. Neither of the former two elevens will be able to go to the Rose Bowl because of conference rulings . . . therefore, it will be Fordham unless the Boilermakers drop them Saturday. ^.. —fc— Every member of the Old Gold and Black team will be fighting to do it . . . and every member of the Old Gold and Black student body will be pulling for them to do it.. . —fc— With a schedule of games that includes five away-from-home encounters as the Boilermakers have this season, it is quite possible for the student body to lose contact with their team . . . however, the fans have been sticking with the team, win or lose, and we sincerely hope that they can keep it up . . . —fc— A swell picture of Purdue’s National Championship Pistol Team is appearing on the back of one of the country’s leading sporting magazines . . . have you seen it? ... —fc— The Boilerihaker’s cross-country victory over the Illini was the first for Purdue in three years of competition . . . —^fc— Here is a record that has never been broken . . . Pat O’Dea dropkicked a goal from his own 38 yaTd line while playing for Wisconsin against Northwestern in 1898 . . . the ball carried 62 yards to score . . . to make matters more difficult, the field was soggy, and the ball was wet. . .
Swimming Club Meets Thursday In Gym
The new co-ed swimming club will meet tomorrow night at 7:30 in the Women’s Gym to draw up its constitution and elect officers. The club plans to sponsor a water carnival, an open swim for all co-eds, instead of tbe usual inter-class meet, and a telegraphic meet with another university. Ca-eds need not;^^ members of the club to take part in the open swimming meet. The organr ization will also sponsor water polo, and other aquatic sports. Tentative requirements for membership are to be voted on tomorrow night. It has been suggested that each prospective member should be able to swim five lengths of the pool free style, and should show good form in the side stroko, elementary back stroke, and one other stroke. One good standing dive will be required, one plain front dive, and three surface dives in deep water to bring up some object. In addition each member must be able to tread water and float motionless.
TOUCHBALL GAMES
TODAY
Field
1— Kappa Sigma va Phi Pi Phi, Offiqial,
Beck.
2— Delta Upsilon vs. Theta Tau. OffieiaT, Taylor. 3— Phi Kappa vs Phi Kappa Tau, Official. Martin 4— Pi Kappa Alpha vs Plrathon, Official, Hamilton. 6—^Phi Kapp Psi vs Sigma Mu. Official, Gaulke. 6— ^Theta Xi vs. Triangle. Official, Kerb^r. 7— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Officii, Boyer.
8—^Phi Sigma Kappa s. Phi Gamma Delta.
* 1, Baluk.
Official,
i>eoocOf»eo« eo« eo« QOv e09 eOQ Qooetysif §
HOSIERY
§ ExquHieiy dkeer, for evening § and formal afternoon wear, ^ 11 special^ ade^ed shades# K indnding: j
Bleck Magie for wear with blade
Ei^enixtg Belgd for gold and silver shoes
West Side Squwe
I
Interward Country Meet Today At 4
Inter-ward cross eotitttry meet will be held today at 4 p. m, mi Intramural field. Com|fetitorit wiU report to the Memorial Gymuashffti before going to the field. Winnei^ of first, second, smdtlird places will receive m^aht. The members of the winning team w31 also receive them. The foROiWing men are not eligible to run: BeU, Bodeau, Long, Knapp, GooiT# Ldther, Marozick, and Williamson.
•seto
■iam
Selloat For Indittiai Grid Couiail
When tife Cream and Crimsoit gridders inm Bloomington arrive here November 21, they wStl find » real crowd mi hand ta aee the gluihe. tkhx^-Mes for the htadlUonaH contest are rapidly nfcreasing eTety dEa#, md a complete selL ottt hf pfedSeted hy Hie ticket ofliee beforeRahieHme. AtthepreaentHmeniNIfis are Rstween B&O and 6010 Hchets lefi nifsold, hot these are expeotedf to Imd only a dsys.
g^tlBSCRlBB TO THE EXPOIKENT
Fo# the Ball-
A Corsage of Disflnctien from ROTH Florist, bio
635 Main St.
Phone 7935 - 8050
iaina Biiiiding
FEET TO THEFRONT! at fhe • • • MILITARY BALL
Lovely Sandals
The Mesf BrIRtaut Affair of
the Social Season
Purdue Military Ball
and DANCE In a Glaihorous GOWN
from THE FASHION
In whispering taffeta or moire with a parachute skirt, molded bustline, tow cut back, puffed shoulders. Other youthful and romantic formats in velvet, crepe, lace. A thrilling event — let's dress the parti
$16.95
AND UP
^ I r i
V
'A
,4^1
^ i/
'4 ■ I
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday-t November 4,1936
We carry a full litte of YELLO BOLE PIPES SOUTHWORTH’S
YOO CAN’T CHEW OFF THE MOUTHPIECE!
Complete Assortment of YELLO BOLE PIPES AT DEAC’S
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
NOTICES No mticM acctpIMI «tt«r t II. m.
Conditional Examination For CE 22— Will be given in room 801 of the Civil Engineering Building from 1 to 4 p. m. Saturday, December 6, 1&36. Please consult instructor well in advance. —SORESON.
N. Y. A.—Checks for period ending October 10 are now available at the cashier's office, University Hall —HOLLENSBEE.
Phi Lambda Upsilon—Informal initiation will be held November 13 in room 320 of the Chemistry Building The initiation banauet will be at 7 o’clock November 17 at Wheeler’s over in Lafayette. Formal initiation will precede the banquet —SLESSBR
Fraternity Presidents—^Meeting November B, at 6 p. m. in the Phi Kappa Tau fraternity. —KETTLE.
Thanksgiving Union Show—Will the followipg people report to the Union ballroom November B at 4 p. m ,B. Burns, L. BakJohnston, and Eve Ruth —JACOBSON
W^ S. G. A. Office—^Meeting in W S G A. office, November 4 for all girls interested in working on this committee This also includes the girls who have already signed “**■ —JANOUSEK
Alpha Phi Omega—Meeting November B, at 7:30 p m in room D of the Memorial Union Building, for the selection of the pledges All members attend. —^UECK. Athletic Managers—^Another division is being added to the Inter-Fraternity Bowling League We can accomodate six more teams If you have not entered and wish to take advantage of this offer, call the Student Union Office between 4 and B:30
p m.
—PFORZHEIMER.
Discussion Group—Meeting November 4 —KUEHN
W. A. A. Hockey—Sophomore Whites vs. Freshmen Orange, November 4 —THOMPSON.
Ballroom Dancing Class for Beginners opens Wednesday, Nov. 11, at Allen’s.
Military Ball Committee—Meeting in the cadet officer’s room Novembei 4 at 4 o’clock —BAKER
W. A. A. Riflery—6 45 at Kappa Kappa Gamma, 7:30 at Alpha Cbi Omega Makeup on Wednesday and Thursday nights at 8 15 to 9.00 —RICHEY
Advanced Ballroom Dancing Class opens Friday, Nov 13, at Allen’s.
For Sale—Roll top desk $8.00 ■(this IS a bargain), 2 metal desk chairs, ea. $2.50. Good radio. At Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Eifth street.
Pi Tau Sigma—Formal initiation will be held in the Mechanical Engineering Building at 5 p m , November 4, followed by initiation banquet at Lincoln Lodge. Meet in front Of Mechanical Engineering Building at 5 45 for transpoi tation —WAIT Union Workers—Our committees meet every afternoon at 4 and every evening at 7 in the workshop until Friday to work on Military Ball decorations —SHEET/,, PUTZE, REID
Bowlers—Leave your orders for howling shoes at the Varsity Boot Shop.
For Rent—^Stu^Eht room, large, TOodern. 323 We?t jLut^. Phone 2116.
For Rent—^Room fOr one student m double room. Phone 76721. 21 University.
For Rent—Single room in private home. Phone 65474. 220 Sylvia.
Map Maneiiyer Planned For ReserYte Officers ^ A two-sided map maneuver will be held in^lAie basement of the Post Office building, Lafayette, at 7:80 p. m,, tomorrow. Major McLeod wishes that all reserve officers who plan to attend will notify him befoi^e Thursday night if possible so assignment to duties may be i^ade.
Independents—All students wishing to participate in PIA organization, report to loom 1 in Union Building, November 4, after 4 o’clock —HERSH
DiscuBsiun Group—Meet Wednesday, November 4, at 7:80 in room B of the Memorial Union Building. —KUEHN.
Union Workers—Our committees meet in the Union Office Wednesday, November 4, at 4. —McLBOD, MYTINGER.
Independents—Dancing course November 4, at 7:00 o’clock in the P.I A. office —GIBBS.
Orchesis—Meeting November 4 in gym at 7:16 p. m —PENDERGRAFF.
Independent Staff—Important meeting November 4 at 7 o’clock. —SENNSTROM
Ward Managers—One manager for Ward 10 and two sophomore ward managers for intramural department are wanted. Report to intramural office in the Memorial Gymnasium at 4 November 4 —CLEVETT
W. A. A. Archery—Practice Novemt(er 4 at 4 o’clock
Sophomore Co-Ed Debate Managers>—A meeting November 4 at 4 o’clock in the Play Shop Office. —SMALL
Gimlets—Meeting in room A of the MemorialUnion Building at 7 00 o’clock November 4. Actives and pledges be present. —HODGDON
Union Thanksgiving Show—Pony chorus please report to Union ballroom November 6 at four p m . W Julian, F Ruth, W Gross M Oliver, B. Gibbs, M Jones, I Young, P Timberlake, C. Couch, M. E Johnston, B Burns, L Blaker, Eve Ruth, W Yeoman, W 'White, Sexton Sistew, Walkey and Heine Beemer trio meet room B in Union at four p m November 4 —JACOBSON
Chicago Returns To Central Standard Time Chicago, 111., Nov. 4—Citizens of epok County, Illinois, voted heavily against eastern standard time foP the year-round yesterday. Approval was made of daylight saving time from May to September.
Hold ‘Elijah’ Tryouts Tomorrow Night, 7:30 Tryouts for the play, “Elijah,” will be held tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. at the West Side Baptist Church by Mrs. William Kessle, director. Anyone is eligible for a part in the play.
We Carry a Full Line of FRANK MEDICO PIPES “Deac” H. G. REISNER
Scout Training Course Available To Co-Eds Through the co-operation of the West Lafayette Girl Scouts, a short training course in Scout leadership will be offered to Purdue women from November 10 to 14. The course will be conducted by Miss Dorothy Palmer, a member of the national field staff of the Girl Scouts of America. Girls interested in course should sign up on the bulletin board in the main lobby of the women’s gym and report for the first meeting, Tuesday, November 10, at 4:45 p. m. in the gymnasium The meeting will last until 5:30. There will be a fee of 50 cents for the training course Miss Helen Hazelton, head of the depaitment of physical education for women is in charge of the campus arrangements.
METHING WONDERFUIGOES OH INSIDE ^HcoSdleo GldAREHE GIOAII HOLDERS BRIAR MONEY CAN BUY
00 THE ONLY PATENTED ‘ ‘fJ^ELLOPH AN E”-'SEALED hLTER-lf REALLY FILTERS
THE HOGAN DRUG CO. Has a Complel'e Stock of FRANK MEDICO PIPES , 115 N. 4th St. Lafayette
A Real Dip!
There’s no shilly-shallying, no half-way methods about our cleaning. Clothes you send to us are cleaned throughly with your favorite cleaner — either naphtha or carbon-tetra-chloride; cleanedall over—both inside and out. Give us a trial p.nd see for yourself!
West Side Cleaners WE CALL FOR AND DEUVER 222 North Phone 4081
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
\
P,
Y
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
300 TICKETS $1.00 1,000 for $2 Other Printing Priced Low KANE’S PRINT SHOP 401 S. 29tii Phone 5205
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
DO YOU DANCE? Why Not Enroll in Our November Classes? BEGINNER’S W4sd., Nov. 11, 7:30 P. M. ADVANCED Friday, Nov. 13, 7:30 P. M. ^ Phone 21W
ALLEN’S
& Fenr
URE... and of finer
texture than most anything
that touches your lips,.. We all agree on this . . . cigarette paper is important. For Chesterfield we use the best paper that we can buy. It is called Champagne Cigarette Paper. It is made horn the soft, silky fibre of the flax plant. It is washed over and over in clear, spark-
ling water.
A lot of the pleasure you get in smoking Chesterfields is due to our using the right kind of cigarette paper. Chesterfield paper is pure, and it bums without taste or odor.
j
WM
.'U
H^entember this • • . two things make the smoking quality of a cigarette—the tobaccos and the paper. The Champagne ^cigarette paper on Chesterfields is tested over and over for purity, for the right burning quality. Another reason why Chesterfield wins.
O t93d. LiCGfirr & Myers Tobacco Co.