"''"’I.. ' ’'T,''. .' ' • '• ' ', *" ■ '/. ' , 'r^'-, ':'* , ' ' , „ '’ AAf‘rA2S''^1
1^1
] 1
Ik"*
iPflythdp To Present 'Beyond The Horizon' , Tonight Until Saturday
'■ >jpyr- 'I?? $
imblithdd 1889
xfumeM ^ Daily Sin(;e 1906
Burfibjun Meets NTs
New Charges At First
Football Meeting
■\fl
Vdluttie 53, No. 132
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, March 4,^ 1942
Navy To Reopen V’7 Enlistments
'Better Homes' Meeting Opens Here Tomorrow Better homes as an aid to defense and gai'dcns planned |o benefit the family and community will be discussed at the Indiana Better Homes and Better Gardens Conference to be held here tomorrow and Friday. The conference is being held for civic-minded people of Indiana who wish to develop a community-wide campaign, and it is open to students. All sessions except the dinner tomorrow evening arc free. Projects Considered Among the projects to be considered are: general reconditioning, reclaimed furnitui'e, clean-up and salvage week, community recreation plan, gardening projects, ti-ce-planting and protection, and contests and exhibits to stimulate interest in art, music and litci’atui’c. Appcai’ing on the program tomorrow will be Dr. E. C. Elliott who is also president of the Better Homes in America. Other members of the University staff to appear art; Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, Dr. Bertha Rose, Prof. R. B. Hull, Prof. E. R. Honeywell and Prof. R. B. Withrow. R.Dibos To Receive Assignment As West Point EE Instructor Richard A. Dibos, senior in the School of Electrical Engineering and cadet colonel in the University ROTC, following graduation this May will be assigned to duty as an instructor in the Department of chemistry and Electricity at the United States Military Academy at West Point, N. Y., according to a confirmation of his acceptance recently received from the Academy by Pr. C. F. Harding, head of the EE School. Dibos upon graduation will receive a commission as a second lieutenant reserve officer in the U. S. Army Signal Corps, and after a brief leave of absence he will assume his duties at West Point as an instructor in electrical enginecring. Dibos at present is chairman of the Student War'Council and president of the Student Senate. A distinguished student he is a member of, Tau Beta Pi, Eta Kappa Nu, Scabbard and Blade, POMM and of Sigma Chi social fraternity. He is listed inWho’s Who Among Students in American Universities and Colleges. During his sophomore year he was a member of Skull and Crescent and Zouaves. Last fall while second ranking cadet^ colonel Dibos-, served as chairman of the Military Ball Committee. johnson Spe<^ks On Radium Tonight At 7 Philip D. Johnson, technical advi.sor of the Radium Chemical Company, Chicago, will discuss “Industrial Radiography with Radium as a Source” at an illustrated lecture tonight at 7 p. m. in room 103 of the new physics building. By using radium rays it is possible to examine the internal structure of thick metal sections and detect their (laws. This process has received wide industrial application. This meeting which has been scheduled by the defense training offico will be open to anyone inteicsted in the use of radium in industry.
Sigma Pi
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: President, William R. Nielsen; house manager. Earnest Paullus; first counselor, Arnold Harnsen; second counselor, Charles Manley; third counselor, Robert Allemange; fourth counselor, Richard Allemangc; herald, John Gramelspacher.
New opportunities have presented themselves for University juniors and seniors who wish to obtain Naval officer’s commissions since Class V-7 enlistment has been reopened without a quota, according to an announcement made by the Navy yesterday. Applicants must be native-born, unmari’ied citizens of the United States not less than nineteen and not more than twenty-eight years of ago. Among their college credits must be at least two semesters’ college credit in mathematics, including a course in plane geometry. Applications, must be accompanied by college credit trapscripts, three letters of rccoinmendatibn and a birth certificate or othe'r acceptable evidence of native-born citizenship. Persons interested should contact Ensign Robert Bryant, USNR, at the Indianapolis Navy recruiting station. Federal Building. Radio Defense Work Training To Continue For Two Semesters Section one of the defense training class for radio technicians met Monday evening under the tutelage of William L. Mraz, graduate student in electrical engineering. Thirty five persons attended the first class meeting and classes will continue three nights a week for two 16 week periods, with two lectures and one laboratory period each week. The course is intended to give preliminary training to men who will become radio technicians in the Army and Navy and to men and women who will be used in civilian defense. Additional sections of 30 each will start classes tonight and Friday night. The fundamentals of electricity, radio tubes, both radio and telephone communications, radio transmitters and receivers and frequency modulation arc covci'cd in the course. 'International Show' To Benefit Relief Fund Presenting the music and dancing of various countries represented in the student body, “International Show” will he given in the South Ballroom of the Union on Monday night at 8:30 p.m. as a benefit for the Relief Fund Coordinating Committee of the University. Tickets for the henelt performance, priced at 28 cents each, including tax, are now available from members of the two clubs, or can be obtained at the door. The committee in charge piomiscs a novel evening of variety entertainment, with performers appearing in their native costumes. The program will range from instrumental and vocal numbers to all types of dances, including the rhum-
ba.
As an added featuie of the evening, arrangements have been made to show a technicolor sound film on “Hawaii.” Irv Given’s band will provide music for the evening. Farm Management Club To Hold Panel Discussion Agricultural students who are interested in rural economics and generaUagriculture are invited to attend the Farm Management Stu-dent-Staff party Thursday evening at 7:00 in the assembly room of the Horticulture building. “Farming After the War” will be the subject of a panel discussion,' which will highlight the evening’s program. Chairman of the disucssion group is Gene Byer, .senior Rural Economics student. The discussion will be opened to the crowd for questions. Persons desiring to attend the party may secure tickets from fdrm management students or insructors. Refreshments and additional entertainment will also be provided.
Students Contribute $3552.69 In Bonds, Cash To Relief Fund Total figures compiled by W. A. Bodden, assistant controller, show that the student organizations on the campus contributed $652.6!) in cash and over $3,000 in defense stamps and savings bonds during the Relief Fund Drive. The cash amount contributed was over 26 per cent of the total cash amount collected, and was in general, money saved by the curtailment of social
activities.
Some of the organizations that have been the heaviest contributors are Playshop, Cary Club, PIA, AWS, and the YWCA. Strong To Play For Cary Club Annual Formal Formal dinner will precede the annual formal dance of Cary Club Friday. Club men and their dates will assemble for the formal dinner at 6:30 p.m. and Bob Strong and his orchestra will entertain from 8:30 to 11:30 p.m. in both ballrooms of the Union. Student Senate ruling bans cor.sages at the dance. Entertainers with the Strong orchestra are Mary Ann Mercer, blues singer, and Sonny Seivert, who helps with the arranging, doubles on the trumpet and specializes in turning out a little of the blues and boogie woogie himself. Strong established a trend toward versatility while on the radio with his band. Bob has mastered six instruments: piano, violin, saxophone, oboe, English horn and clarinet, and he and his band play 26 different instruments. Science Juniors^ SeniorSr ME Juniors Will Fill Out Personnel Cards By Friday Mechanical Engineering juniors and Science juniors and seniors are going to fill out their personal cards the latter part of this week. The personnel cards of the ME juniors will be filled out in the conference room of the ME building today, tomorrow and Friday. 7’he procedure will be the same us (hat followed by the seniors, and will be under the direction of Pi Tau iSigma, with R. D. Jolls in charge. 'i'he junioi' and senior Science men will fill out their personnel cards I'hursday and Friday from 8-12, 1-6 in the conference room of the Personnel OHice in the Executive Building.
Gimlet Club . . . athletic booster honorary, announces the pledging of the followihg men for the annual spring pledge class: Ralph Deuster. Union; .Jim Reeves, Union; Ed Esping, Union; Joe Irwin, Debris; Hal Schorenstein, Activities Bureau; Harvey Merrill, Debris; Arnie Farnsworth, Debris; Jim Fraser, Exponent; John Keeler, Exponent; ^ob Hadley, Exponent; Fred Jpnes, Exponent. Bruce Warren, football; Bill Shinier, football; Bob Riley, basketball; Wade Neal, baseball manager; Bob Klein, baseball manager; Dave Lodge, basketball manager; Jim Thomas, track manager; Richard Saxton, Exponent; Fred Smerke, football; and Clark Armstrong, tennis. Pledging ceremonies will be held at the Phi Delta Theta hbuse at 7 this evening.
Playshop Presents Beyond The Horizon' In Fowler Hall Tonight
McCloskey To Speak Before WPA Banquet Tomorrow Evening
/
Mark McCloskey, director of recreation of the Office of Defense, Health and Welfare Service in Washington, D. C., will address a banquet session of approximately 400 WPA reci’cation lay committeemen, tomorrow in the south ballroom of the Union at 6:30 p.m. President E. C. Elliott will preside over the evening’s program which will include musical selections by the University Men’s Glee Club and the Indianapolis WPA male quartet. Robern M. Downey, Indianapolis state supexwisor of reci’eation, will introduce McCloskey. Two-ilour Program Arrangements have been made for a two-hour program preceding the banquet. It will include inspection of the recreational facilities on the campus and various special displays which will be set up in the Union. The special exliibits will include various types of games for use in rural and urban communities: a puppet show staged by the Terre Haute WPA, crafts and motion pictures on recreation. A concert by the Indianapolis WPA orchestra will conclude the pre-banquet program. Phi Mu
Alex Henderson Talks To Florists; Glee Club Appears In Musicale AleX Henderson of Chicago, pi’esident of the Society of American Florists, spoke before 200 (lower growers, wholesalers, retailers, and employes yesterday at the opening session of the annual two-day conference of Indiana Florists which is now being held at the University. He stated that florists should not bother the government with unnecessary demands for materials now on the priority lists. Henderson continued by claiming that only 70 per cent of the materials used by florists during the ’40-’41 period will
now be available. Glee Club Sings
The bulk of the afternoon was taken up by a floral demonstration under the direction of Inez B. Williams of Columbus, Ohio. The highlight of yesterday’s program was the floi’al musicale which took place last night in the south ballroom of the Union. The University Glee Club and Concert Choir under the direction of A1 Stewart, provided the musical faa'ckground. University students and staff members acted as models while an effective arrangement of flowers was used to illustrate various occasions. Today’s meeting will bring the conference to a close. Irv Given Will Play At Mixer Saturday In Union Ballroom Saturday night from 8:30 until 11:30 at the mixer in the north ballroom of the Union Irv Given and his orchestra will be featured. The theme of the dance is March Winds, arid in order to emphasize this the backdrop will show a girl with her skirt blown high by the fierce March winds. The band fronts will also show wind blown hats. The admission to the mixer will be $1:10.
Doors To Open For Third Production At 7 P. M.; Drama Depicts Farm Life “Beyond the Horizon,” Playshop’s third production of the season, will be presented tonight at 7:30 in Fowler Hall. Subsequent performances will be given tomorrow at 7:30 p.m., and on Friday and Saturday at 8 p.m. The doors will open a half hour before the play be-
gins. Single admission tickets may still be purchased at the
door.
This three-act O'Neill drama depicts Che lives of tvro Vermont farm families, and centers attention on two bro-
ict, the Student War Council will thers and a neighbor girl. The sponsor the second Mu.sic Hall se- personality of one brother, ries at 4 p.m. Sunday, March 8, in , , , . . . , , ,, IT Andrew who is a farmer, is set in the Music Hall. , , x 4U <.u i -i.,.
contrast to the other, a poet with desires of going beyond the horizon. Complications Occur after the mi.stakc-marriage of the poet and the girl. The respective occupations of the brothers change and the de-
Livingston Quartet Will Play At Special Convocation Sunday Featuring the Living.ston Quar-
The Livingston Quartet is composed of professional soloists in the Chicago area who have achieved a nation-wide reputation during tlic past decade. The organization,
which was recently starred on Ed- . „ ,
T, , 1- u 4- i. sires of one becomes an experience gar Bergen s radio show, fcature.s p ,, ,, t- ^
for the other. Deam Directs
Bill Deam is directing this play with Anne Pierce as rehearsal assistant. The cast includes the following: John Clark as James Mayo, Doris Tribble as Kate, Harold Warren as Capt. Dick Scott, Arthur Barab as Robert Mayo, Lois Jahe
light semi-classical and popular
numbers.
For some years, the group has traveled about the country as the background organization of the General Motors Shows. Both solo and quartet numbers will be includ-
ed on Sunday’s program.
The concert will be open to the
student body as well as the general as Mrs. Atkins, Betty Erpublic without charge. LeMoyne
Farnsworth as Dr. Fawcett, Tom Bushnell as Ben and Ted Leinber-
ger as Andrew Mayo.
The stage crew chairmen include Betty Gray, Stage manager; Jack New'man, master carpenter; John Gilly, properties; Bill Lester and
Representative of the Rochester, Betty Lou Duncan, costumes; Dick N. Y., Ordnance Department will Sidwell and John Morrison, sound; interview seniors on March 11. He Carroll Martindell, master electriis interested in securing mechan- cian; George Zissis, make-up; Marical, electrical, and civil engineers tha Rosenerans, house mauagor; for positions in the Rochester Ord- Ernest Nordlinger, publicity,
nance District which covers the entire state of New York. Seniors who arc interested in an interview sign
up in the PersonnePOffice.
These jobs are civil sendee appointments and come under the certification of P-1 Junior Professional Engineers with pay at $2,000 per annum. The work will be as engi-
Rochester Ordnance Man To Visit Campus
. . . sorority announces the election of the following olliccrs: President, Winifred Kreipke; vice-presi-dent, Elaine Carson; pledge trainer, Juno Darrow'; secretary, Doris Speake; treasurers. Marge Pabst
and Irene Shuster.
Sf. Louis Designers Will Select Winning Sketches In Style Show
By Jeanc Luiicr
Out. of 250 .skctchcH of afternoon drc.sse.s that were ttubmitted to St. Louis dress designers for judging in the Original Dress Design Contest, 26 were recently selected by them to appear in the final contest. At this final judging, which will take place on Monday, March 16, at 8 p.m., girls who drew All diessos must be finished and apthe wdnning designs will model tiy Miss Ruth Austin, in,1 , u- u 4-u„ structor in costume illustration and the dresses which they are 4.1.., ,, ,
design, not later than three days
now making liom the sketch- style show is given. OS. Following the show, which will This style show will be held be open to the public, three cash at Alan’s Department Store, will be awarded by Alan Cais sponsoring the contest in cooper- Alan s Store. Five honorable atioii with the costume illustration mentions will also be awaided. classe.s of the Applied Design De- fallen hopes (o have the winning
parlmcnt. Designers from Mary
Muffet, Connie Carter, and Irene efactiirers, and include these garKarol dres.s manufacturing houses, ^mnmer mercliandise. who judged the original sketches, PO«sible, these winning garmenls
will be featured in Madeinoisclle
flosiliiij! Visits Until fiulbcr notice students will not be allowed to visit (heir friends who are confined to- St. Elizabeth or Home hospitals. This action has been taken because of the unnecessary spread of coninuinicublc disease caused by these visitations. Special permission for absolutely necessary calls may he secured from the Health Service or the Dean’s office. It will be possible at any time to leave messagc.s or presents for (he palicnls at the main desk of (he hospital. S. .1. Miller, Director of Student Health Service
G. L. Jenkins To Fill Place Of Late Dean Jordan On Council Dean Glenn L. Jenkins of the
noering assistants to the heads of School of Pharmacy has been electthe various material sections in the ed MembpT-elect of the Council of
inspection division.
Ihe American Pharmaceutical Association for the unexpired term of the late Dean C. B. Jordan. Dean Jerkins has been a member of the
Council since 1938.
Dr. C. 0. Lee of the School of Pharmacy has received word of his election by mail ballot to the office of Second-Vice President of the
Dr. Frank L. MeVey, iiresidenl American Pharmaceutical Associaemcritus of the University of Ken- the year 1942-1943. Profestucky, will come to the campus the ^vas honored in 1939 ^by week of March 23 to deliver llirec being elected a member of the Comaddresses on the general subject on National Formulary by “Democracy at Worji in the United association.
Kentucky University Head To Speak Here It was announced yesterday by a faculty committee in charge that
will 'be here to judge the dresses
in the show.
Girls whose designs were seleclr
and Wijmen’s Wear Daily. Aeeording to Miss Austin,
the
ed and who will appear in the show designers were enthusiastic over are: Ruth Foland, Anita Worsley, the sketches submitted to them and Roberta Lewis, Adeline Magierski, made favorable comments on the Margaret Mollzcr, Eileen Carpen- designs as a whole. They have not ter, IVDaren Chesnutt, Mary Sanders, selected the winning sportswear dcElainc Rosthauser, Peg Baker, Dor- signs yet, lint will return them
othy Benson, Carol Crow, Betty sometime during this week.
Godscy, Colctta Weiss, Belle Poole, The winners in the evening dress Jean Bucknain, Bette Jacobson, design winners arc Joan Korte, Jean Lauer, Doiis Freedman, Lu- Shirley Johnson, Alice Coe, Louise cille Chaminadc, and Anna Shivley. Bailoek, Virginia Goss and Jeanc Each girl must furnish her own Lauer. The judges in this division material for the construction of the were not the same as those in the
dress, which will then belong to hei. other divisions.
Dance Group To Highlight Mixed Recreation Friday Weekly mixed recreation will he held Friday, March’ 0, at 8:15 in the Women’s Gymqasium. The recreation this week will feature a special added form of entertainment. The American Country Dance Group of Jefferson High School, under the direction of Lucille Anderson, will put on ;i show of folk dancing. Clarence Bodlc will act as caller for the perfornianec which will last until 8:46. Following (he perforinuiice public dancing will he resumed for the reniaimler of tlie recreation. Harvard Man Fills Post In Forestry Department Johnathan Wright, a graduate of Harvard, accepted the position of instructor of silviculture in the forestry ilepartment this week. He is replacing Professor C. G. Geltz who left the University to become an officer in the cavalry, Wright received his bachelor of forestry degree at the University of Idaho and his master’s degree at Harvard,
States.”
MeVey i.s a giaduate of Uie University of MinnoLota where he taught for several yea is as a [tiofessor of histoiy and economics. Later he was chosen as tirosident of the University of North Dakota and from there went to the presidency of the University of Kentucky. Since his retirement in .June,
1940, Dr. MeVey has made economic formal discussion on the basic Is-
liic olficers will be installed at the annual meeting of the Association in Denver. Colorado on August
16 22.
Pastors Load Roligious Discussion Tonight At 8 J'onight at 8:00 p. m. in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union an in-
studics in the field of higher edu-
cation.
Druggists Will Meet Here For Business Conference The twelfth aniun|l Diuggi^l-r’ Business Confuience will miet at the University TiU'.-.rlay and W<-d
iicsday, March 2 1-2.6.
Principal spcakeis for the twoday session wull he Hugh G. Mul(loon, Dean of the School tif Pliarniacy at Dusqiie.sne university; Ed warfl Spease, direetoi of piofe.4sional relations of the National Association of Retail Diuggi.-.ts, and Glenn L. Jenkins, new head ot the University School of Pharmacy.
sues of personal religion will be Conducted by the Student Pastors’ Association and interested mem-
liers of the faculty.
These meetings have been planned to answer such questions as: Is prayer practical, vital, or worthwhile? Is tliere a scientific appioaeJi to religion? Is religion the mtegrutine force that it should be? The meeti(iig scheduled for tonight IS the first in a series to disr cliss the changing religious needb o'f Ihe day and !■- open to staff meoibei.. 4I0 well as the general public. Dance Club Entertains Women's Dinner Club Umveisit> Women’s Dinner Club wa-. entei tamed by the Modex’n
Topics will include the efi’eel of war Dance Clul) at its meeting in the on drugs and iiharniaceutieals, pro- Home Economies Cafeteria last fessional ri'lations and selling, Mm.iia.v. Miss Terry Bell, instvdcblood plasmas, aiul the lelatioiishq) tor of dance in the department oj of the phaiinaeist to national physical education for women^i deilB* health. oiistrateil several of the xxovaJty The annual confeitnce banquet dance teclmiqucs. Tuesday evening, with Piesident In adilition to the dance progranti Elliott as toxvstmaster, will be ad- members of the faculty club did dressed by Dr. L. M. Scars of the several square dances. Noel Le* history, economics, and governmeut concluded the program with sevenid department. piano selections.jr lll■■l^ll -[--- i|iiiiiii ■iiiiipiiiiii|i|iiiiiiwi^ i. iii
J-2 ■
Purdue Exponent Wednesday, March 4,1^^ ' ■ ■ “ aaiaiilfe.
Sisfdt^* Brem This Xvill undoubtedly make a lot of people ^hgry. But if the self-righteous, haloed opponents of what we have to say rise in bitter i^erimination, then we shall know that they ^re afrnid of something—something that is the truth. The ungodly sisters are at it again. Again in the hamlets of the Middle West, the Bible belt of the South, and in the whispering lobbies of Washington they brew their “double toil niid trouble” , compounded of equal parts .0^stupidity,; intolerance, and ,an insufferable holier-than-thou complex. And what they hope to pull out pt their .bubbling cauldron is ano.ther “noble experiment,” another national pivshibition la^^^ , . . .. It is not at all impossible that before ^lOther year is out, they will, have succeeded in'their eff.orts to make others conform to th.eir pym beliefs. The. last Gallup poll showed that, there is now a steadily, rising sentiment for iDrohibitiou, that ,50 per cent of the rural ,Votei:s fav.or a return of prohibition; that only ii) the large cities • is the feeling definitely against prohibition. The horrible thing about the whole affair is that those who have only contempt for the blue-nosed, prohibitionists 'inever. do anything about it. They are not the fatiatics who write, thousands of letters to .the editoi; and letters to .congressmen; they (lo .not scream from the pulpit and coerce college presidents; and one day they awake to find they have lost the battle, to the profes-
sional inoralists. There are eurrentlyj four . bills, riders, and, other subtle legislatiyp,devices pending in congress to rescue the nation | from the clutches of John Barleycorn. Why any one of sane mind should wish a return of the foul and slimy corruption j the Capones, the speakeasies, the wood alcohol, and worst of all, the contempt for the law that accompanied the last edition of the noble,exiperiment,’ is; completely beyond onr comprehension. But they do. And their campaign has golf, far .beyond the subtle stage of WCTU- , sponsored high school essays and sewing cir-
cles.
We know that on the campus of Purdue University, there ^ are those who, plague- the authorities to tighten the. control on What they call “student.moral laxity.” There, have been efforts to. keep certain faculty .members out of .certain well-knoWn local pubs, and in the. residence halls the .students.: are, receiving ominous warnings. And it comes many times through people.who do not themaelyes.care, but feel they-must submit to pressure groups. There is no reason, to believe that alcohol is healthful, or even remotely so, but neither is overeating, or smoking, or driving a car, but they exist and will continue to do so, and repi’ession, we submit, will only invite somethings worse, something that causes revulsion at the law, something that is corruption of the goveimment, and rule by violence, something the sisters’do not conteimDate as their cauldron bubbles, j.l.t.
•-ROUND By Drew Pears,oh and Roberl' S. Allen
tarks To Give iramAtFt. Bragg
Tfte Bottle Seek
Copying- a line from oui- favorite cplunmist, “The Avord.s haven’t been inveiited that will express how ■;Unimportant this is going to be.; .so if you have anything you ought to be doing, go do it.” We’re just .going to pass on a bit of Sweet Shop jive, that our ears happened to pick up. - • • , A pink faced lad with blood shot eyes was mumbling to a companion who also looked shot, “These new ■w'oinen’s houi-s aren’t so bad. In fact, think they are •very good. Never used to get enough nourishment. The way conditions arc now, anybody can walk into the Blazer or Lambs or any of the other filling stations and order all the .gas they want without a sign of a female crowding a guy back from the bar. Sure would hate to-see the emergency., end.” o ■ ■“A coke,” said a four o’clock joe to the waitre.ss •behind the counter. “We’i-e serving wine cola today, not coca cola said the woman in white. “Damn Japs,” said the woUld-bc-customcr as he walked away. e • ■ A Cosmopolitan Club representative approaclied a shapely coed and asked if she would like to-be in a, play in the south ballroom for the benefit of the ref-
ugees. “Sure I'll be in it,” replied the fair creature; “What will I wear?” “A sarong,” said the Cosmo. “.What’s that?” the approached one vehtiu-ed. “A cloth like on Dottie Lamour” he told her. When do we start rehearsals asked the .girl anxiously. ' ■ •_ • The Cork moved past a table in time to hear a student rehearsing the poetry of some master -of letters. What we heard was just the end of a poem and it ran “ . . . but what she’s knitting ain’t for Britain.” The student and his colleagues laughed and one of them slapped his leg with his hand .and the Cork wondered how the first part of the poem went. A blazing blond sat in a booth sipping some of the new beverage. Peroxide was saying, “I just can’t understand the insincerity of men.” Then she leaned close to her confident and talked low. The Cork imagined that the maiden’s distrust of men had something to do with an import and the Cotillion, and we wished we had been gifted with telephoto ears to verify our imaginations in such emergencies. . ■ ■ •: About that time someone threw a nickle at the Sweet Shop band stand and Harry James blasted into “Blues in the Night.” “That sure is bedutiful” observed the spendthrift, but we thought that it was time for the Cork to be going anyway. If we stayed around much longer we might be asked to buy a wine cola.. .
University Caienilar Wednesday, March 4
Indiana State Flori.sts’ ■ , Conference 9:0.0 A.M.—First Aid 7:00 P.M.—Certification Inspectors Training 7:15 P.M.—Philatelic Society 7:15 P.M.—Hoof and Horn Club Meeting. 7:30 P.M.—Playshop, “Beyond the . Horizon’^ 7:30 P.M.—Marriage Course7:30 P.M.—Scabbard and Blade ,,7;30 P.M.—Horticultural Society .8:00 P.M.—Faculty Religious Group
Room 305,. Union Room 104, Ag, Hall Room 303, Union Assembly Rm., Ag Hall Eliza Fowler Hall Rms. 302-304, Union Tower, Union Room 117, Hort. Bldg. E. Faculty Lge., Union
tiort Sotiely To Present OSII RiBsearch Movies . Moving pictures of the research work that is being conducted at the Ohio State University greenhouses will be shown .at today’s meeting .of the Hoi’ticultui’c Society in the assembly room of the Horticulture Building. Eogoi- Young, who lias studied some of the activities of the Ohio campus will have chtuge of- tJie meeting. The meeting will bej/;in at 7:30 p.m. This is an open meeting. Refreshments will be served.
Hopf And Horn To Hold Meeting Tonight At 7:30 Hoof and Horn will hold an animal husbandry ineeting tonight at 7:30 in the assembly room of Agricultural Hall. Alli.son Stewart, a lawyei- ami a farnjei' from Lafayette, will talk on “Pure Bred Beef Cattle,” After the talk, Dr. Walters, a dentist from West Lafayette, will entertain those present by licrformihg as a ma.gician, and still latei', refreshments will be served. Short -cour.se students, animal husbandry students, and all interested are invited to attend.
DEFT. OF UTTER CON- . FUSION ' (EXCHANGE DIVISION) (Reprinted from the Lafayette Journal-Courier) Dr. and Mrs. Frank E. Follett and daughter. Fay Esther, 210 West Lutz avenue, and Prof, and Mrs. Neil Little, of Yeager road, exchanged -places of residences during the. weekend. The Follctts have purchased the Little pi'operty, in which they will reside. They sold their Lutz avenue home to Lyihan Maddo.x, of Wingate. Prof. Little purchased the E. R. Brown property at 209 Lutz avenue, which is to be remodeled. Until it is I'oady for occupancy. Prof. Little and family will reside in th.p former Follett home. Mr.'Maddo-X, new owner of the Follett properly, and his family expect to move to West Lafayette later on. J. C. Craig Will Add ress Forestry Meeting Tonight , Johnston C. Craig, conservationalist for the Soil Conservation Service in chaige of-the Evansville di.striet, will speak at the regular Forestry Club meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Horticulture building. Craig was formerly area forester for the Soil Conservation Service in
Indiana.
Elections foi' the . senior award winner will lie held. tonight.
Herrjjig Accit|es i^offet Of Limtfing Alcohol Prpducfion WASHINGTON, Maroh S^Sodrs Roebuck officials telephoned, the Wlar Production Board last 'Week to ask how serious the alcohol shorTage was and whether it was 0,K. for ithem to take 150,000 gallons previously ordered f6r antLfreeze. •“Since Donald Nelson ^as once Sears Roebuck,” they explained, “We have to lean oyer backwards about these things. And we don’t want to take the alcohol if the shortage is acutd.” War ProtTuction Board officials replied that the shortage was very serious. • Alcohol Shortage A few hours later Senator Clyde Herring of Iowa phoned to Ftaser 'M. Moffat, Jr., Chief of the Alco-^ '.hols Unit of the War Production Board, and asked him why, with an acute shortage of alcohol, he, Moffat, had vetoed a government loan to the Gulf DiA'lling Company of New Orleans, which was ready to improve -its plant and turn out 190 proof alcohol. V “We don’t need -the alcohol,” was Moffat’.s amazin|^, reply. "Furthermore, you wouldn’t want us to use government funds to establish coiUpetitors for existing facilities?” As a result of this and several other similar conversation.s. Midwest; senators are now accusing Moffat of being more interested in “not establishing competitors for existing facilities” than he is in relieving the serious war shortage gf
alcohol.
Senators Herring and..Gillette of Iowa and George Norris of Nebraska all arc raging over this situation and Norris has written a Vehement protest direct to Donald Nelson. Senator Norris pointed out that Moffat is vice-president of U.S. Industrial Alcohol, one of the biggest alcohol companies in the U.S.A. Therefore, Norids claims, Moffat has a “direct, interest” in alcohol competition and “should not bo' allow’ed to pass on” the building up of wartime' plants which would compete with U. S. Industrial Alcohol after the war. The issue i.s one of the most important before the country, for two
reasons:
1. One of the grcate.st factors in bogging down national dcfen.sc has been the way big companies placed men inside the Government to keep an eye on competition after the war. Some of these men have been so busy worrying about their busine.ss after the war that we are not winning the war. - 2. The midwest, if it gets in on the production of alcohol now, may have a permanent solution to its .surplu.s corn problem. Thi.s latter,possibility is why corn belt .senators ai c e.specially interested. For . years the big alcohol companies have imported molasses and cane sugar derivatives for.their
alcohol. Corn never hah been able itoi'get a.pernranent peacetime fbotholdk ' ■ A- Vi ' • Porn^t|ltV%i Jlyeh' today, -svi-th iWihisWey idistillers grudually becoming idle In the (middle, west;-Moffat was very cokl (to-the idea of USiug them to relieve the alcohol shortage. The -battle is still raging-,.: with midwest senators getting madder every-day.., - - ; mi ■ Note:Reason‘Wb.y the entir«:natlon.ih being rationed on* sugar is partly because sugar cane iinust go for wartime alcohol instead of
sugar. -
Harold Moskovit,, hard-hitting head of the New York State Affiliated Young Democrats,: wont in -to see Mayor Piorello LaGuardia the other day and-.suggested that the Mayor attend a cocktail' party at which Governor Lehman also would be present. “You don’t have to put your arm -around him,” said Moskovit. “just come to the pafty and go through the motions of patching up the old campaign wounds.” ' The Mayor turned and looked'out of the window. Moskovit, who had woiked hard for LaGuardia’s ;reclection, continued to plead for political peace between the two political leaders of New York who once had been such good friends. “Harold,” said the Mayor finally, “haven’t you enough troubles of your own?” “I suppose'SO.” “Then ■why do you take on somebody else’s?” . - . . Note 1: Real reason -Governor Lehman got sore at LaGuardia, and nearly accomplished his defeat for re-election, was not so much that LaGuardia called him a “gonilf,” which is Jewish for “thief,” but because LaGuardia insinuated that the Lehman family, with Judge Irving Lehman head of the NeW York; Court of Appeals, controlled both the executive and judicial-branches of New York government. '■ Note 2: With the present split between LaGuardia and Lehman, Tom Dewey seems certain of being the-. ,next - gweriwr p£_i New York. Probable lieUtcnant-gover-'nor-wHl-be Rolland Marvin, exmayor of Syracuse. • Rumor-^Mongers The morning -after his fireside chat, the President fired another shot at “rumor mongers” and “poison peddlers” that wasn’t reported. This time he luid a listening au;(lieiice of one, NeW Deal Senator James E. Murray .of Montana, who
Lt. Sam Mr' Marks, ’39, will ap-
pear on the program for the stag 'ipai’ty:-'for-» Uhi-versity officers at Foi^t Bragg, North Carolina; niext Friday at the Twin Gables across from the Fayetteville Country Club.
Marks, who was a member of the
University speech department and technicefl director of Playshop, left
the.iCampUS recentiy. o Arlartgemdhtk for the 'lUeeting
are being made by Captain William H, Bach, ’34, former president of the Fort Wfiyne Purdue Club, 'and Captain"paul :R;bWankelii'J28i Public Relations OfficerEth Baugll, executive secretary of the General Alumni Association, ■ is sending a colored campus film to the-group. S.eyqral: letters . from pro-miuent
Purdue officials are to be read.
(^hic^gp Dairy Tour Prof, Hi W. Gregory, head of Hie dairy department, and Prof. R.|E. Roberts of the dairy staff will'accompany a group of dairy manufacturing short course students on an inspection tour to Chicago to he held March 8 to 11. During^he trip the group will visit creameries and other dairy manufacturing plants in the Chicago area, called at the White House to discuss a proposed expansion'of public power facilities and the establishment of aviation training schools in his State. “What did you thiiik of the broadcast, Jim?” the President asked. ; “It Was the most effective .speech-you have ever made, In my ojiitiiouj” answered M u r r d y. “What you said cleared up a lot of phoney rumors.” “It’s a serious problem,” admitted the President. “VVe've got to nail , every Whisper that poisons or befuddles the public mind about the war—^and nail it hard. But we can’t lick this problem unless every man, wonian and child in America does his- part.” The President added that he-was convinced that the - general public was wakin.g up to the dangers to morale and unity inherent in false rumors and defeatist whispei's. “Yes,” said Senator Murray, “the people are going to begin turning on whisperers who are retarding the. war effort and interfering with national unity. They are going to begin telling the rumor-mongers to cooperate with you, the Command-er-in-Chief, or else keep their mouths .shut.” , (Copyright, .1942, by .United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
(1.-S'i- . ; .'WEpNEpAY ■ - ' ' '' 9:55 News .■■ i 10:1,0 The Curio Man ^ ; s;:.; j0:14 •Morning...Mglpjie.;?-' rll?. ill j,0:80 WBAA Pye^nif; ; v I 10:42' Theatre of Song r- y -' 7 10:66 News ' ; 11:0b “Newspaper and' Magazjjtief .; Ari-ieief. ( Writing” with' Prof.' 'Vid .&itP.-'McKee. , 11:50 Purdue News • , : 11:56 .News . 12:00 Agricultural Forum, . c 12.;16 Meet, the Band 12f46 Music ■ *, r'v'*;.?/ 12:56 News 1:00 J'Principles of, Sobiology’/ ; With Prof. T. K. Noss . c , 1:46 Markets ' :v 1:66 MeWs;,v i m,, ..-I W-'-2:00 A-' Story a Day ’ * ' g' ’' 2:15 Public Health Nurse 2:30 Moods In Music with \Mfs.;: > ; ((!.'W. Hemmer ' 7/. v2:66 News , ■■' ■ 3:00 New''Harmony‘program' ‘ : Robert Dale OWcn ; 3:16 June Eller—-pianist 3:30 Organ Moods “ 3:55 News - . ■ ^ 4:00 Tea TiiUe Tunes . 4:30 Joanne Lloyd—pianist 4:45 The Curio Man - 4:50 Music '■ ■ " ' 4:55 News 5:00 Jiist-Relax',' " 6:15 Current Books with Helen Seaton 5:30 Vespers 5:46 Little Miss Muffett 5:55 News ' 6:00 Dinner Hour. 6:80 Sports Review 6:45 Round Table Discussion on “Recreation.” . ' 6:65 News , ■ ' 7:00 Symphony Hall 7:55 News 8:00 What’s Art to Mg ?■ 8:15 Ruth Ralston—singer ; 8:30 From the Press Box with Stew Wolfe ■ 8:45 Eventide Echoes 8:55 News 9:00 Musieana 9:56 News ia:013':.pffA
greeting CARDSr FOR ALL OCCASIONS llniversity Book Store Across From Union ‘Red** Sairfmons .’29 **D0c** Ei>|>le-.Mip
FO,OD THE WAY YOU LIKE IT West Side Grill (You Be the Judge!
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD j. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and. Main St. Lafayette
NIBROC PAPER TOWELS -None Better ..Prices-.to.,fiuitiy ■ ■
(PHoi«f f
We Are Equipped to \ uieauize Your TIRES ■Holor Oil Oil lilld'H and (iartridge's Balterics Gliassls'l.ubi'ioaliim l‘'rom Wheel U(!spoke Davis Standard Service State and Grant Phone 5941,
ILAST DAY —2 FEATURES! I I with > EDDIE ALPIRU Peggy MORAU
PLUS
= , Deanna DURBIN g Charles LAUGHTON = —^ in •—-' . |"3T STARTED WITH EVE"! -iiiiiliiiiliiliiiliiliiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiDiiimiiiiiitliiliDiiiL
uwmeiu -NOW PLAYING-
piVuiujL £xfmuinL All-American 1940-Hl
Entered as second cla.ss matter at the post office in I.afaycttc, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of po.stage provided for in .section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Suinpier Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $1.00.
II
TCdltor-in-ChUf.. N«*w» Edilfir KportP Editor...
..Ned A. Ochiltree HuRincss ISIanager.. ..John L. Trauguit Manacrini; Editor Phil Johnson Coed Editor...
Don S. Powers .....Eelnnd W. RufTner Ruth lloHC
1 ■ .I'. i'
Publication Staff A,'801-late Kdiiiir^ FdUdriai Staff: .1. 1-'. Anujs, .1. U. ArniEitron::, U. T. Droabr, It. n. Jlaiiley. K. I. .Joueii. Ja. G; Kieper. Hporlg Staff: 0. T. Clark, J. V, J'raser, ,S, Keeler, Cord Btatt: Mary K, noyiiUm, Alice Cbatrield, June Ramndell.
Business Staff Coed t<uvliii!B8 Manager: IJoiina Hleaa; Office,Manager; I.ce Local Advertising Managers: K. K. (J,icnirc. It. K. Sazton ; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounta Manager:. W. IJ. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Francea Lloyd, Jnlia Martin.
Phonet; Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Itepresented for nalionni ndvortining by National AdvctilsIng Servici',. Ine,, College PnbliahcrH llcproaentalives, 420 MaUiaori Ave., New York, N.’Y-. . .
Staff For This Issue
hiicht iMitur-tl Buqucmvri' C-Osy. editor: Laucr
.Spurts Dditur: Shrjer Issue Kditur: Muriuii
Keporters: Votik, Carrel), PieUerinc, Stunlicrij, Smith, .Mirens, Christman, Hass, Stabile, Starr. Kufert, Miller, Keeler.
LAST TIMES TODAY
TODAY — 2 FIRST RUN HITS
EETTE ..DAYIS^* ■ HERBERT MARSHALL LITTLE FOXES P—rv :PLUS
— WITH — ' VICTOR McLAGLEN also-—T-
"HOLT OF SECRET SERVICE'
-THURS. - FRI. - SAT. SIX GUN GOL.P ,, RAIDERS OF THE DESERT KING OF TEXAS RANGERS LATEST NEWS
FOUR JACKS AND A JILL ■ with. ■ RAY BOLGER ANNE SHIRLEY -STARTS THURSDAYDOUBLE FEATURE Khiotk oOt i,i_Avith ARTHUR KENNEDY OLYMF,E BRADNE PLUS bOUBUCRdSS — with — KANE RICHMOND PAULINE MOORE
— LAST TIMES TODAY l«n wmm,
TOMORROW > V
coiiBee*
BUY A SHARE M ' AMERICA The new United Spates ^ Defense Savings Bonds and Stamps give all of us a way to take a direct part in building the defenses of our cpun^ti;);;, " This is the American way to the billions peeded jSO urgently for National Defense^ •p UniiQq States p ,. dIfeSSI sMiNGS BONDS and STAMPS
O'i%
»||jn IJrged To A drills will not begin un,'^iMonday, several of the players already been engaging in preijlftl^nary Wbrkouts iii the Pieldhouse. ..vriight varsity backs Tex J^dhke, - Bob Hajzyk and Kenny were oilt tossing the cowj|j^ef;>iftr6urid along with several of jtjti^ii^hnften frGpi/last year’s rhin:;B«rnhafn, wants the; stuiden%b<itdy >;itp know that tonight’s inefeti|ig:. is a gep.efal callout for all smeh''iiiterested in football. Many If,osiit.it)i?is Vacated by graduation and |jif.di?ait tpust be filled. Due espec-injly;-'to- extreme conditions both Within 'the tiniyersity and without ;■&,■ ■’gl’^t^^hny, players have been Jdsi^iwtnwgh otbev channels as well as -gradnatbn.' All potential grid'ineri* Wiil ■;be-welpoined whether or net they have had previous experipneeV:'■ Returning Gridders . Several'players from the 1940 squads who dropped out of school during the last semester have returned and will be claiming positions'fin the ’42 eleven. Backs Bob Bachman, Swede Anderson, and Hal Schumacher along with lineman Ollie Van Aken will all make strong bids for their old positions. i' Riveter grid fans will be pleased tq..find the Pordham Earns on the
home schedule for the first time in Several years. After the opening contest with the RamS; the team'Will joniirey to Nashville',' Tennessee where they will seek revenge against the Vanderbilt Commodores for last season’s 3-0 defeat. Northwestern’s 'Wildcats appear on the schedule 'f oj.’ thev finest ,i.time.- si-nce 1939.i':€)f;;Cours6V eVei'y playei' will be gunning for Bill Hillenbrand and company in an attempt to .get the Bucket back when the Indiana’s Hoosiers come to Rpss-Ade stadium for the season’s, final contest. Although plans are hot yet definite it is almost certain that at least one or more, intra-squad'games Will be played during the spring drills that are about to open- These contests will giye Boilermaker x’ooters an insight into the prospectus for 1942. \ All Campus ... squash tournament will start Wednesday afternoon. All contestants will receive handicap ratings. Varsity and faculty will be eligible and will receive highest ratings. The usual trophies wiil be awarded to the top three, and the number of entries has been./ .limited to thirty-two. Contestants may enter by phoning 2876.
01/^^
a
pr
vvcW 1 'f the ’ or the duration > . . jor you tvho, every exciting minute oj it!
O. S. No. 2.2o8,277 BRASSIERES By HICKORY "THE LIFT THAT NEVER LETS YOU DOWN"
PANTIE STYLED BY H 1C K 0 R Y
iM \
lUniitifnl shudow luce. Made for small and averaj^c figure types in. white or nnira. $1.^0
>1 dainty broadcloth bra tc i t h sat in l.ast e .v d ia - pbrajim band. White or nntra. Small, average, full figure types. $1.75 If yoie specialise in strennons action or merely dress the part for lounging. Shorty Pants have what yon need in comfy control and delightfully free actidticThis slimming, knit, Laste.x pantie, specially constructed to cling to the figure, provides welt-topped waist to prei ent rolling, knit Lastex leg-bands, and non-elastic crotch for comfort. Isizes: Small, Medium and Large $2.50
this past weekend, Coaeh Dick Papenguth’s Boilermaker swimming team will leave this; morning to face the next in line Maroons of the ,University of Chicago. Traveling for the Riveters will be the thirteen .men swimming against the : Chir cagoans this afternoon at meet time, which is scheduled for 3:3Q. ' . Squad In Good Shape v ' Paperiguth’s tankers went l^ray haslliefb.it pretty muPh in through a light workout in the 'Swbt for the'Rivfeters where he is home pool yesterday in prepai'ation k®bxg to sWim his . strong, free for today^s tilt and Indications ^fy^ers in .Jthe middle distance point to the fact that the Boiler- events. Baugheb arid Hinnichen in makers will be in excellent .form be. distinct thl'eats when they face the MaroOns at 3:30 to Papenguth’s combine, this afternoon. The illness which It’ll Be Close has hampered them for the past The meet today is due to be such; week or so has pretty well cleared a close one that the Boilermakers up and such men as Anderson, Erik- are relying oh strong showing in son and Krueck who have not taken the 440 and the relays to. keep their part in every meet are now back in records on the winning side of the the lineup ready for action. ledger. Twice already in the 440: Maroons Not To Be Sneezed At Vern Hansel and Clilf Erikson have^ Times, one of the best indications garnered first and second for the of any sWknming squad’s power, Riveters and this plus a relay wifa for the Riveters have shown up would just about einch the meet, rather well in the past week and Hence, the worried looks on the indicate that the team is well up faces of Boilermakers who are, wonto its expected mid-season form, dering just what their competitioni The Maroons, however, who have in these events is going to be like, two victories and the same number i But one moi’e dual meet in Big of defeats so far this season show Ten; competition ■ lies between thfe pretty much the same potential Riveter mermen and the conference power as do the Boilermakers. Al- championship competition which, though given favorite’s spot in will be held a week from Saturday some of the .events, it is not ex- in Ann Arbor. This coming weekpected that Coach Papenguth’s end the team will face a strong mermen will figuratively walk away Northwestern outfit at the home, with any, ( pool in the year’s last dual enThe well balanced Chicago squad counter. This week’s engagements has recently shown enough power will tell a lot about the Boilerto give the Boilermakers good cause maker’s chances in the coming Big for worry. Maroon Coach McGil- Ten tilt.
raiL^iJOHnsoii 'M
^ Nighf Of Thrillers And Upsefs Monday night’s games, were beyond a doubt, the oddest of the entire season. Out at Iowa City the Hawkeyes became the second team to beat the mini, who already have the championship cinched. Coach Doug Mills started his second five, and they played Iowa’s first five off their feet the first'half, leading 23-16 at the intermission. ‘ The mini first five started the second half and played 16 minutes w’hile acoririg only 3 points, allo^ving the Hawks to pile up a 35-26 lead.. The reserves came back in the game for the final four minutes, but Iowa went on to win 46-32. , ■ ^ Branch Loses Twice To Same Team Northwestern led the Hoosiers all the way at Indiana Monday to become the only conference team to defeat Indiana on their home floor this season. In addition, the 'Vi'^ildcats also became the first team to beat the Hoosiers twice in the same season since Branch McCracken became head. coach there. Purdue Gives Michigan A Wild Finish At Michigan, the 'Wolverines hit everything they threw at the bankboard in the initial period of the game, shooting beyond the zone defense that the Boilermakers employed during the first part of the game. Little tow headed Don Holman hit four in a row to lead the first half scoring. After the Boilermakers shifted to a man-to-man defense they controlled the Wolverines and began to hit themselves, running up the 23 points in a row while Michigan scored just one to win 52-41. ► Wisconsin Drops Gophers To Fourth Place The only team to beat the Boilermakers twice this season, Minnesota, lost a thriller to an inspired Wisconsin team 49-47. The Badgers played at Ohio State Saturday, and then went all the way to Minnesota to upset the Gophers. That’s a rather'hardy weekend. All of which just goes to prove what a screwy game this basketball is. ^ A Mad Scramble For Second And Third Places The final games of the Big Ten Saturday night will decide the mix up for second, third, fourth, and fifth places: While Purdue is playing at Illinois, second place Iowa will play at Wisconsin, and Indiana will entertain Ohio State. : .
► Farsi'Football Meeting Tonight Coach Elmer Burnham will make his first official move since becoming head football coach tonight when he meets with all students wko are interested in coming out for football. Burnham is a strong believer that there are many students who don’t come out for football that should be able to make the grade. He urges all who think they might be at all interested to come to the meeting tonight.
Buy
Defense
Savings
Stanips
PAUL'S PLACE
10c
BEEF STEAK HOME MADE CHILI
BEEF BARB-Q PORK TENDERLOIN
Phone 2645'
FURNAS ICE CREAM 216 W. Columbia St.
We Deliver
Doesn't Riveter Spor0 The wind may bloF and may fall but l^he Boilermak^ letes go on just the isame. the weather' outside is damp, the inside of the is filled with activity. , Netmen Drill - ■ ■ • T itOn the hardwood floior ketball team is making its tions for the final-game nois. The Boilermakers can in a tie for second plate can knock off the lllini and the ldii^' Hawkeyes lose their remaihi^ game. After Monday highi^^^» tory over Michigan the Rtvdrteis have more than a good chamteli^ beat the powerful Illinois iteiim. ;pi. Around the outside of the trackmen were tx'ainirig for.'^e coming Big Ten meet white be held in Chicago this coining, ?*%- day and Saturday. Even thodgfc t|» Boilermakers will enter the as a dark horse the team wiH ^ in good shape for the occasion. ' Diamond Men, Too ■ The baseball sqxxad occupy remainder of the fiooVi The pftchefe are warming up in the long. lni^ cages which protect the other p,layf ers from being hit. Along the horte side the infield is practicing, while the other players take their turn at bat inside the cages. The permanent schedule for the coming season has not been appi'Ofved'ds yet, but practice games with- Iffibash and St. Joseph are steeduhid to replace the regular spriiig trip to the South. \ ri; The first indication of spring football came into view as; a few of the grid squad x'an through light drill., Although the fii'St prac)titej|pr spring football was not schedtd^ until Monday night, some were already out. : - Besides these there are Bmpy other sports which are just stai^'ing to practice in pi^eparation^for spi'ing such as tennis, golf riflery. Swimming, squash, faoxi^, wrestling, and gymnastics : , 3*0 sports which have been going for some time. 'Ehis Complete letic pi’ogram makes the Eiridhotrie a real center of activity.,So, iwondqxr tha,t»>f;hp-. letes don’t have to until i^fhfig to start their , training. >
VAN I TI E S
[rAiy ^ j| 1" E
The alluring beauty . . . the vibrant charm of this new LUCITE creation makes this a favorite of smart women everywhere. You’ll cherish this compact for every occasion ... with equal distinction. Master craftsmanship in every detail, exceptionally light in weight. Finest quality puff, rayon mesh sifter. Double-faced beveled glass mirror showing through the transparent "LUCITE” gives added sparkle. The mirror can be viewed without opening the compact to see if powdering is needed. Before you look at the price tag, you’ll hardly believe you can own it for so little! Colors: Crystal, Blue, Amber, Rose, Red, Arixethyst.
■' ' Febl ■ HigiJ Teajn .sets Agi'. Exii. Sta Akt. E.xtcnsion Agr, Chem. % 1. — Dairy 1 j.:.', High Individual Sets Connelly : Alien, J. C Knoll Bookhout Hi(th Team Games xVgr. E-xp. Sta. Agr. Extension ....; Agr. Chem. 2 •••—■ Dairy 1 High Ind. Games Connelly Mahslicld Knoll : Uinney LEAGUE STANDING” Agr. Extension Exe(;utiv;i; Physios jVnimol. Hush .Vgt, (ihem. 3 Me0h.':Engr. English Agr. Exp. Sta Agronomy Gml .Engr. .! Dajry ^ Speech.'--- ' i.:,-;;..;,-: rartn.'Mst, ■; Forijityy, G^pifaP Stores Gcnowil Engt. . PoglOry; Recltahdn ...... Chemistry 2 Pharnijacy :... Agr, Engr. : Hqrt. ,2 ChetnteWy 1 wChem. Engr. Elec. 'Ehgr. 2 Agr. Chem. 2 I....... Elec. Engr. 1 Biology Highway Res I High Tean< Set to Date Agr. Exp. Sta High Team Game to Date General Stores High Weekly - Ind. Game Mansfield High Weekly Ind. Sets to Date Stuckeg Muiiger " C.ark, W. X.. ......V,; High Weekly Ind. Games to DateStuekey . Clark. W., L. .“'.'.’..Y.' Knoll Monger
Everythm^ Cottege Education deAIis
s»r^" ^ V, I, ' ^ ‘1^
4.'^ s i
A,
Purdue "Exponent
^v Sh V'*?
Wednesday, March 4; i944
PRI6e rise march 6TH DON’T WAIT ANY LONCERI BUY NOW 1942 DEBRIS Seniors—You can buy your DEBRIS pictures at the DEBRIS Business Office for V4 of the price we paid for them.
Personnel Notes If ain ‘-enioi is intticstcd in in inttiview ^Mth an^ of the follow int, cotnpaiiie's complete one of the's el low “Request for Inteieiew eaicls, a supph of which is in eoui school oAlce lou will he notified In end ftoin the Pcibonncl Office when to
schedule an inteiview
L I duPont dt Ntmours’'&. Co IMlmiuston, Del — Vll MFs (In dttstrial) PE s and CL s w ho .ire interested m an interMCw Aiith the dni'ont Company come to the Pei i^onnel Office immcdiateh and eched oii a time \ companj representa tlto mil iisif the campus on March
^ and 10
1 Naeal Oidnanec laboiaton Xivi Yard Mashinielon DC— Ml ML's, LE s and Science inteiesleel IB the eippoitunities tins laboiaton qilcrs, as described on the I’crsonnel ltif*rMcw Notice in ^our sehool pl^^ase sign up in the Personnel Dfliee, immcdiateh Naie Department Bureau of Ships, Mashington D C—All engi necifa, paiticulaily women becuic an application blank tiom the Pei'onncl Office bcfoie Maich 10 Corn Products Refining Company Algo 111—Maich lO Especialh in tciested in M E s Schedule in in ter\aew’ in Pei'^onnel Office betoie
Maxell 10
>\«stuighouse VirBiakeCo Wil melding Pa—Maich lo ME i„n up in Peisonnel Office M agner Electric C oi p St Louis AIo—Coming soon ME and EE Sign Up in Peisonnel Office Duquesne Light Co Pittsbui.,h Pa —Coming soon M F and E E S)gn up in the Peisonnel Office Ordnance Department Rochestci j,! Y—Maich 11 ME CE EE Sun m Peisonnel Office betoie Maich 5 Metropolitan Life Ins Co Actu \iial DiMsion New Yoik, N Y — Uiidgrgi adiiate men foi summei work,-espetiallj those with a niajoi in iiiatheniatics Anyone iiteiested. please sign in Pei sonnel Office
Christian Foundation innounces the clei tion of the following officeis foi the summci teim Foundation Piesident James Bilhngsh Vice Piesident Joy Wamplei Secietaiy, Dona Mane Iiion, Tieasiuei Leon Hughs Stu dent Class Pi evident Maiianna Mangus Vice Pi evident Robcil Smith Sunday Evenin,, Foium Piesident Waltei Thomas Officeis ot the Fieshman Associ i tion of the Foundation lecently elected loi the second teim aie as follows Piesident Theiesa Bu&b^ Vice Piesident Elizabeth Meinzei , Societalc Elizabeth Radei, Chau man of PubliciU Avis Flack Red Cross Invites Coeds To Work In Union Office I lom until 5 p m even Itei noon the Red Cioss office in loom 63 in the sub bisemcnt ot the Union IS open to ill coeds who wish to make bandages and othei needed aiticles Veils aie iwaided to gills who hue woiked 25 houis I oi 50 horns ot woil the Red Cio'-s oifei s gold
pins
IM Schedules
C VRY IlYLL BOWLING M ednesdai 0 JO C H OCS C H 7 C H 4vs C H S C H 9vs C H 11 C H 11 cs C H 1j 8 jO C H 1 vs C II 5 C H 2 vs G H 6 C II 10 vs C H 12 \I L C\MPUS SQUASH I^leheait vs DeLoiig Goldstein vs Wen J Petty vs J Cohn
‘It’s piactical enough, 111 admit, but somehow a bucket sand, a shot el and a coil ol hose don’t seem exactly light give the Blow ns toi then housewaiming ’
Thieme & Wangerin (j2c?-!il?lj Main liliiiijl PRESENTS
Notices
Advanced Military Aiiplicanta All thobe ihibi names appear on tht list 6£ main bulletin boaid in Armors must report to mam office of Arnii re prior to noon Sat uiday March to complete medical Ills torv a lestionnaires —McMAKEN Chinese Students The monthly meetine w II 1 held Fr lay March C in loom 261 of flu. Union t (A Coolidijc assist I 1 t Ocni of W m n mil speak LING CHIU Oislineuisiicd sliidents Ktfunds ari now iilille It th eiliers (ffiot m the I\ uUveHuldii„ -HOLIINSBL Tail Beta Pi I le tion of membir n r d ly Mi reh r it 30 i m Attend I reti nreU 1 Hec to 1 c announced laUi Skull and I reseent K is an lu Come I (.1 e t HEMLI R Sliidciil Uolurs Slu I nt ii hcis and u li I yar ity lasKilhnll panus Kct then nt the t cl it < ffice ii the I leldli is
—DOAN
Ml 10 Make Up exams Fsaminations to in t an I 1 ura ks m ME It) will li ei I bIt ir lay Mi h 11 at I p m m room 111 f the ME I uildin„ 1 lease notify me f II teribted —G1 IGl U ASMl l)n Ihn f r memhershii ii \SM1 thi y ar yyill he Mol day March M I 1 ershii hi ml are nynilahlc in MI II -TOJINKV I! if and Horn bp e il meeting loi I I com e t id I ts memb rt an I II I r ste 1 I Ol 1 W li ( hy M irch I nt III 1 ni m the Ai Hall ass mhly room ( 0 I 1 oei m ! n I r I esl ni nis
DUl r Y
W \ \ Members I elilio f i WAAC i I t OI s n ibt 11 ti rn I m t Ih WAA n th „sm 1 T u la March 10 I IDGLON bilycr Mask All n i mt e ti 1 m lei i I fei ei r 1 rt to th fin n^, looi o tl thirl floor of the liillhoiese hityyoeii 1 ! ( 1 m Wt ii sih y March t
OAKkS
SAC Closed mcctmi, of SAE with nuiv ips and refresbments nt 1 30 Thursday Mni 5 in room 212 of the Union Please yvenr laijb tiven you tlirouRh the loster KEIL Tan llctn I'i Election of members riiui day March i at i 30 p m in room 304 of the Union Attendance required MUNGER Silver Mask Meetinir yvill ho held Wid 111 day March 4 at " 30 p m m room 306 of the Union OAKES Hortieulture Society Meetmt, mil he litld Wtdnibdiiy Maich 4 in room 11 of the Horticulture Buildmq at 30 p m Movies of the Ohio Stat Umvir itv preeiliiubes mil h folio ved hy xifrishment NORDLINGEK Ail bliiHcnla Tlu follow njr p oph pii isi e nu to the btudint Union Ifice Wtdi cs dav Mardi o I tween 4 an I 5 p m t eol Icct money from the Ixxk ixehnnte Hint Gumpner Lianc Valcntini Uoust Hnrlv B iscnhnrk Hanstn Bora Sehakel An r hem Mahlir lane Lniukr (ord HUDSON Kidina (liih Mectii y, Ihirsdiy Mirel n il 30 in room 103 f th Uni i I Ian fot rule Smiliy will le made BRAWN lulerfraternily I’rcsideiils Council K ys hivi arriy d 1 Icn e call for them at the I inlcrnity MT iirb offiei MAMILLD Women Students t ids ii t ribted m simmir worl sho ild file application mtli the Womens placiment sinicc m the kx teiliyi Biiildina before bat irdav March I"
1 LNDT
Exponent I reshmen N yv clusliiks aic I 0 t xl in lullitin loard ii ITict All fr hmin < \c 11 those yihj can oit th ec n I s mist r aie n a assi„ni<l ti tw niahls ptr well Pi ase eh ok th si assyqn mints as soon ns lobsihlo lUFINkR C nion Workers The f llowii moral rs il ihi M isic room crminittie riiiit to Ih Ui OI ITi Thur lay March nt 4 1 1 r liniote ruthri Bow Ihy i tie I Ml t r Iloyym n Ir ideifcnst M DaM Eliifr tt Kuhn Hi icn (anfiel 1 Mail wi SklBUUGLU Marriasc Course Mietm >• Widncsd y Ma hi it 3 m tu 1 of 50 ii loom 2(3 of till Union WILKk NING riyina Club Miitm., Wedne dav Maich 4 t 50 I loom 50 f the Ui ii n HABICHT
Sopliomorc Aero o All applications for B b Aero Lntrr deeree muat be on file in loom 210 ML huildinr not later than Mauli If in order to he considered
—WOOD
Pill Lambda Upsilon Business meeting
Election of plexites Tuesday March 10 6 00 m room 12J of the Ghtm Annex All mom
hers are icqucbtexl to ho present
’ present
-MONTGOMERY
WAA Primary elections will be held at 4 in the Women h Gym Wednesday Mtifcb 4 All memhirs are requested to he pfes < nt —HOI 1 Gimlets All pledtcs must be at the I hi Delta House Wednesday March 4 without fail JOHNSON Scabbard and Blade Meeting Wednisdav March 4 at 7 30 in south tower room ot the Union Plans for the dance will le di eiibseil —HALL
Wanted full time slenographer and general office assistant Pordne background preferred Apply by letter Eg ponent Box No I
Typewriters Adding Machinca all makes ol I rentixl ri paired an I purchased Mime ograi h work lone C J LhcrsholT OOo Main
I afayitte I bon 2 I
Lost Blon 1 lockir spaniel answers to tlu name of Lhnmoi If you have informa ton liadmc to Ins whereabouts call 4053
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
Our careful Sanitone HAT BLOCKirsC cleaning makes them look and feci just like SHOE REPATRING
DIAL 727«
mmm lauk
1.T2 INoitliwcsit in Ate.
A Girl
tu
HumRiniier
If Ilf’s ill ihc sfr>icf, a piclure oi you as hf wantb to reineiubfr >oii will be the pri/f ol
liiM pohhfssions.
MUn STUDIO
6M Mail) SiHM't
PJioiK 777")
February 27, 1942
Dear Students:
MATCHMAKER COLORS IN Belle-Sharmeer Stockings in All Leg Sizes, Of Course Matchnnkiiig'i ati ut as Belle Shaimeer does it' Otu bcTu tifiil blcndable Mattlunaker Colois aie not only costume ke) ed butso that in evety textiiie depth anti tone art just ssliat you loved And oideied' Mtdc to niatth }om legs too in Brev for small legs Niodite fot mid 'ling Duchea fot tall Claatc fot plump Ilcie CYtltistvtly'
Matchmakers. . .
BLONDE BELLE
/tue bloucle tone
CITY BELLE
suaie tou n het\,e
TROPIC BELLE
tro/nial tan
MODEST BELLE
mart neutral
BiUv Shanna Slu( in all leg i,izes .fJ.JS to |J.65
Awake to the (act that the Purdue Exponent is your one source of what is going on about our campus. All one does to find out about Activities meetings or call-outs, is to look in the NOTICES. If you have lost something valuable, the most logical thing to do is to announce it in the CLASSIFIED AD section. Read about the latest National Events in the WASHINGTON MERRY-GO-ROUND. Why wait any longer? Subscribe to YOUR school paper NOW! Sincerely, The
‘t I
) I
t fi
llr/