t
Exponent To Hold Callout At 4:15
Paper Offers Work For Sophbnaores On Five Staffs; Meeting In Office Today Volume 53, No. i89
Established 1889
zpoftew ^ On To Tokyo
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, May 13, tSM‘2
Work on the five staffs, editorial, coed, sports, business and coed business, which put out the Exponent will be described to prospective editors, writers and publishers at a call-out for sophomores this afternoon at ^
4:15 in the'Exponent offices. ■ ■ • As in the past, training InuUStriSlIStS
schools for the new staff workers will be conducted during the next week to acquaint the neophytes with their duties on
the publication.
Sophomores who begin work on the Exponent at this time
Glee Club Enters National Finals
To Meet Here
Tomorrow
Over 800 persons responsible for
will be the last-who may peti- of Indiana indus- .. „ . . , tries are expected to come to the tion for junior positions at the university tomorrow for the December elections; if they desire, industrial Protection Conference, it they may seek election any follow- ^as announced rece^itly. ing seniester if they do not desire This conference, being held by to petition in December. industrial protection division of Freshman Callout Soon Purdue Public Safety Institute, I (^11-outs for freshman workers jn cooperation with 11 other state WHrbe held soon; the exact date will and federal defense and protection be announced in the Exponent next agencies, is designed to give inWednesday. formation on the requirements of Duties of new woikers will be industrial protection dining the somewhat lighter than in the past emergency. The conference will also because of the summer publication explain how assistance may be obschedule of three papers per week, tained in the development of local thus affording a good opportunity plant protection programs,
for new sophomores to ease into the
James Young Speaks At Con VO Friday Night Foreign Corespondent Will Discuss 'Far East In Turmoil' In Music Hall
/
James R. Young, author of “Behind the Rising Sun,” and for thirteen years foreign correspondent in Japan, will speak 1— — — at a convocation in the Music Hall at 7:30 Friday night on “The Far East in Turmoil.” Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman r ft I J T 1_ of the convocations committee, announced that both student identification cards and season tickets will be honored for admission, and that single
work on the paper.
Any who desire to work on the ^ , I . , . . , as lollows: Frank Millis, Indianpaper but who cannot be present i , t "
According to the latest wire from admission tickets only, priced at 65 Hollywood, Playshop’s summer pro- cents each, will be available at the The speakers for tomorrow are duction, “Jim Dandy,” has just been doors.
. . j , 1, i 4-4.1, apolis, deputy director of the Inat today s call-out may come to the ‘ ’ „. ... ^ „
diana Civilian Defense Council;
office at 4 p.m. tomorrow to sign up
for work on the staff.
Russell Johann, Indianapolis, educational director of the State Fire Marshal’s Office; Don Stiver, InIdianapolis, superintendent of the Indiana State Police; Julius Lopez, special FBI agent in charge of the Indianapolis Field Office; Lewis 0. Barrows, Washington, D. C., former governor of Maine, representing the Office of Civilian Defense; Capt. D. S. Leonard, commander of Merton R. Keefe, CE ’02, chief I!*!, engineer of the Indiana State High-
Keefe, CE '02, Chief Of Indiana Highway Department, Dies
way De'Iiartment, died suddenly
Monday night of a heart attack. , o ^ 4. ,4
Keefe, who was born in 1879 at
last year was a member of' the American Civil Defense Mission to England; E. L. McMillan, South
Whitestown, has a record of many
tection supervisor for the Indiana
and President E. C. Elliott, J. L. Lingo, and Capt. K. E. Kline of the
University. '
All the sessions of the conference will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall.
Civil, Forestry
Students To Have Survey Work Here
Two summer practice camps manager,
which have ordinarily been held by
4. . 4. 4.- Ordnance Works; Clem Smith, Inyears of service on construction , , I . . . 4. .4'4u 11 dianapohs. State Fire Marshal;
projects in many parts ol the world , „ and has frequently visited the campus to speak before student organizations and to plan piograms for
the University Road School.
Railway Engineer
For seven years following his graduation from the University Keefe was a railway civil engineerin the Southwest. In 1909 he joined the Ulen Construction Company of Lebanon, which was then one of the largest conti-acting and construction companies in the woild. He rose to the post of superintendent of construction; and from 1929 un-
til 1932, when the company retired University, one for civil engifrom the construction field, he was neering students and the other for vice-president in charge of field op- lorestiy students, have been called erations. off loi' I^e duration of the war, and In 1933 Keefe was named- chief the practice work is now being givengineer of the Indiana Highway 00 in other classes on the campus. Department and served at this post ^"d on nearby iarnis or tiacts. Both until December, 1940, when he re- oainps have come at the end of the signed to become chief engineer of freshman yeai. the R. B. Moore Company. Last Au- Ross Camp gust he returned to the highway The civil engineeiing camp which department. usually is held at the Ross Camp Persian Railway southwest of the city 11 miles along Construction projects which Keefe the Wabash River has provided exhas directed include the building of peiience in location for highways the first r-ailway in Persia, repaii- and railroads, topographic surveys, ing- the aqueduct built before the mapping, precise surveying, sun time of Christ to supply water to and star observations, etc. is beingAthens, Greece, and many other- givqn on the campus and the Housprojects in Europe, Asia, South and ing- Research campus with proposed Central America. loutes running northward to the Keefe was active in University Byeis gravel load north of the alumni affairs and served for sev- Ross-Ade Stadium. This work is eral years on the advisory board being given in six hour classes and for the joint highway research pi oj- a special one hour class on Satur-
ect conducted on this campus for' day.
the state highway department to Same Plan For Foresters
ascertain better methqds of highway construction and maintenance.
offered by its playwright, William Years^In Japan
Saroyan, to MGM studios for $250,- Having lived among the Japan000. This two-act comedy will be thirteen years, up
until the time when they became
staged in Fowler Hall the first week embroiled in the war with the in July. Tryouts for the cast and United States, Young says, “Japan crew will be held this afternoon is totally deficient in evei'y essenand tonight in Fowler- Hall. tial war material . . . iron, steel, 200-300 Pound Person Needed aluminum, modern machine tools The cast requires two women, six . . . Japan lacks reserve material, men and a small boy. The tryouts Japan is economically exhausted, fitoday are open to students on cam- nancially ruined and mentally par-
pus, faculty and townspeople. Any alyzed.”
colored person who is interested in Uq says that Japan’s downfall dramatics is urged to see director poison of her own reasKenn Carmichael for the part of ggjng. t^e effect that she is inJim Crow. The leading character, vincible. Young’s first-hand opinJim Dandy requires a person be- jg^g gj, Japan are expressed in his tween 200-300 pounds. 1,00k “Behind the Rising- Sun,” Simple Plot Of Ordinary People which is a seiio-ludicious collection The plot of this cornedy is not too gf incidents and anecdotes about complicated, rather it is a philos- In the book. Young depicts oplfy of life of ordinary people, j^p^g ^ ^g^^Uy unsavory mess. The scene takes place in a library, ^ suffg^ing from ‘spyophobia,’ which includes a sofa for the weary ,„ggt gtj,g,, diseases,
librarians and leaders to rest. The ^ ,, ,
1 . . 4 . . 1 u TUI Tells Of Weaknesses
love interest is portrayed by Flora
and Johnny. In the last two scenes know first hand Japan’s weakLittle Johnny appears with Johnny nesses, and I have seen America’s and encourages Fishkin, the pessi- strength and America at work; I mist, to'talk on about the tenors ^ni optimistic that the Axis will be of a human life. defeated,” he declared recently. He Persons who ar-e intei-ested in stresses the fact that the Japanese working with one of the crews not know the temperament and should contact Betty Gray, stage psychology of the Americas, and
that they think the United States
is disunited.
Ten Men Receive
War Training Certificates
WBAA To Broadcast
Week Series
A similar plan is being- followed in the Forestry department, whose students usually spend the summerin the state for-est i-eserve at Henry vill^ This camp work is being-
... I ^ , conducted on the campus itself, on
ClBdnUD WC6k j6ri6S Cunningham forestry tract and
If Univer.sify farms so that WBAA will broadcast a special the forestiy students may learn
series of progiams on Tuesday, surveying, timber estimation and Wednesday and Thursday at 6:45 rneasuiing under conditions here inp. m. in connection with National stead of in a regular forest reserve.
Clean-up Week. Each progiam will
last ten minutes.
The guest speaker for Tuesday will be Mr. G. 0. Kielholtz, who is the Street Commissioner for- West
“Japan is afraid of bombs,’' he writes. “Japanese militarists feat Molotov biead-baskets dropped \n Nippon’s bamboo houses and three other vulnerable industrial cities. .Japan has but one main line railload, three main bridges near the
Certificates signifying the satis- capital, no adequate air sheltei, opfactory completion of the couises watei resei voirs and prominent4,. , u 41 T 4- 4.4. 1 i • 4. < ly located hydi-o-electiic power ottered by the Larayette district of , , „
plants—all fine targets,
the University war training pro- „ .
Season tickets tor this and the re-
gram have been awarded to ten men gj^ events on the summer enrolled in the class. convocation schedule can still be Those receiving certificates were: purchased at the bargain rate of $2 Lloyd Bartlett, 421 University St.; tax. Frank Lewis, 475 Maple St.; Rich- ^ ard Thomas, 2452 Gieenleaf Ave., Irv Given To Play Chicago; Robot t Buriows, Cleve- ' land, Ohio; Joel Weir, Rochester; A a K/rti/ia/'fi/
Otto Rump, 1717 Union St.; Harold
Barcus, 1203 South Third St.; Rob- § t t • r*. f lAfA ■ El ert Jacobs, 1919 Congress St.; In 1/111011 SatUrday |A\ Ur03t1IZ6S NBW
Theron Tudor, 135 Sheets St.; and ^ Thomas Andei-son, 627 Park Ave. Saturday night the first dance The course was under the aus- of this semester featuring- Irv pices of the United States Office of Given will be given in both ballEducation. rooms of the Union. This dance will
Personnel Experts To Discuss Labor Problems Friday Increasingly difficult personnel problems facing management in connection with the war effort will be discussed in detail at the thirteenth annual Personnel and Industrial Relations Conference to be held at the University Friday and Saturday. Nationally known leaders iiy the field will discuss the vitally significant personnel problems of the day before the two-day session which is expected to attract between 300 and 500 industrial leaders from all parts of the Middle West. Discussion Of All-Out War Effort “Management’s Personnel Responsibility for All-Out War Effort” will be the theme for the conference, which is sponsored by the University and the Indiana Personnel Association in cooperation with the Indiana State Chamber of Commerce, Associated Employeis of Indiana, Indiana Manufacturers’ Association, Indiana University, and the U. S. Employment Service. Following an address of welcome by President TE. C. Elliott, the principal speaker before the opening session on Friday morning will be L. A. Apj^iley, vice-president of Vick Chemical Co., who is now serving- as expert consultant on personnel to the Secretary of War. Appley’s topic will be “All-Out Mobilization of Man Power.” Toastmaster for the annual dinner to be held Friday evening will be T. E. Lane, Hammond, piesident of the Indiana Personnel Associa-i
tion.
Student Art Guild Will Hold Callout
This Afternoon
student Art Guild will hold a callout for new members this afternoon at 4:15 in the Puttering Shops in the Union sub-basement, Jim Reeves, president of the Art Guild, has announced. All students are eligible for membership. Although membership is not limited to students possessing speicial artistic talents, the Art Guild’s purpose is to promote the idea of art in its vaiious forms on the campus. Along these lines, the organization appoints committees to direct little movie convos and special ait exhibits, directs radio work, publicity, making- of posters, conducts student surveys and sponsors
recreational activities.
In addition to the callout, the organization will hold a meeting- during which plans for the summer will be discussed. The group meets every two weeks. Officers are elect-
ed in alternate semesters.
Will Represent Four States In Waring Contest May 29-31 The aim of the Men’s Glee Club automatically became “National Championship” last night with the official announcejnent of the organization’s being chosen to represent four middle western states in the finals of the Fred Waring National
Glee Club Contest.
Members of the Glee Club, who were named last Thursday night as one of the three semi-finalists from Indiana, Michigan, Ohio, and Kentucky, MaHm nAMArSnn were attending a dinner in the nulling ilcyciiny union as guests of Director Albert P. Stewart when they heard the announcement of their selection as a finalist on the Fred Waring Pleasure
Time Program.
New honors have come to the By virtue of its victory in University chemistry department mid-western competition the
glee club will compete in the finals in Carnegie Hall in New
Chemical Society of two tests de-
veloped by the staff members as
the standard in this field of knowl- York City, on May 29-31, with
seven other finalists from other parts of the country, including Dartmouth College, University of Rochester, Washington and Lee University, Duke University, and Elm-
hurst College.
40 Will Make Trip
Immediately following the announcement, plans were drafted for a rehearsal schedule for the allimportant finals. The sponsors of the contest, makers of Chesterfield cigarettes, will pay all expenkas of A special program was broadcast by WBAA last night honoring Albert ,P. Stewart and the Glee Club for their seleetion as one of the eight Fred Waring Regional Contest winners. - • - - The numbers made on trgiill'scription by the Glee Club fdr the contest were played. These numbers were “Back To Old Purdue,’* “All Through The Night,” and
’“The Star Of Eve.”
edge for the nation. Degering, Martin Honored The two men whose Work has further recognition to the teaching in the University are Dr. E. F. Degering, who originated the cooperative organic chemistry test, and Dr. F. D. Martin, who developed the test for the teaching of general chemistry. The action by the ACS makes two out of the three tests endorsed by that organization University “products.” The organic chemistry test was woi'ked out by Degering in collaboration with teachers in 56 other schools, but it was actually organized and used for the first time at the University, and now is recommertded by the American Council on Education. It is used to measure a student’s knowledge of this field of chemistry and is especially valuable
to teachers .
Test Used Here In Past
The test in general chemistry at first begun some years ago, was used and improved by Dr. Martin
in his work before being adopted party of forty, including by the ACS.' It measures the stu- singers, Dave Simpson, accompftndent’s ability to use chemical knowl- ist, and Director Stewart, for tbe edge, to solve problems, to use Hip to New York. The party will equations, and to understand the leave the campus Thursday noon, laws and theories of chemistry. Dr. 28.
Martin discussed the teaching of chemistry and the test at the recent meeting of the chemical society at
Memphis, Tenn.
Screen Review
Continues Summer
Showing Today
Screen Review, the regular Thursday afternoon presentation of movie $horts, will continue the showing of its summer, semester series this afternon from 3 until 5:45 in the Music Hall. Passports
are necessary for admission.
The finals in Carnegie Hall WiH be a part of the Glee Club festlvnl week. Finalists will present a twenty minute concert, during which they will be judged according tO showmanship, resourcefulness, and vocal shading; along with appearance, pace change and contrast. Plans have been discussed whereby the eight finalists might appear with Waring on a coast-to-coast
non-commercial broadcast. Sang In Empire Room
In the past, the glee club, undkr Stewart’s direction, has sung in the Empire Room, the College Inn, and with Tommy Dorsey’s, Orrin Tucker’s, and Harry James’ orchestras. The finalists have been selected
Chapter On Campus
Debris Notice All student who expect to grad-
Lafayette, and Harold Stover, who uate in either August or December, is the Lafayette Street Commis- 1942, are requested to register outsioner. . side the Debris office from 4 to On Wednesday a special play will 6:30 p. m. between May 11 and 16. be heard at 6:16 p. m., in addition All these students are urged to to the program featuring Henry hui'ry and registei since there aie Law and a representative of the only three days left in which to local Boy Scouts. This play written register. by Carolyn Wood, West Lafayette, Since the University has changed will show the effects of local clean- the student class rating, those failup campaigns. ing to register will not be included On Thursday evening the broad- in the senior section of the Decemcasts will be summarized by a ber Debris, according to the Debris progress report featuring Mr. office. Heemster and Mrs. Harold Graves. —BALL
University Of Iowa Dean Visits Campus Dean C. W. Thompson of the University of Iowa was a guest of the University chapter of Delta Chi Fraternity last night. Dean Thompson has recently been appointed Director of the Division of Student Affairs whose purpose is to coordinate the functions of the Dean of Men and the Dean of Women of the University of Iowa. For the past several days Dean Thompson has been making a tour of Big Ten universities inspecting studeni housing facilities and gathering information on student extra curricular activities. He has been here at the University inspecting Cary Hall and a number of the other residences of students for bis report. Dean Thompson is the son of Dean C. M. Thompson of the University of Illinois who is the National President of the Delta Chi Fraternity,
be a novelty dance and will have as its theme “What Is The Lucky Number?” This theme will be depicted by a fish bowl in which will be a large number of beans. This fish bowl will be in the center of the floor where it may be seen by everyone, the object being to guess the correct number of beans in the fish bowl. Complimentary tickets will be given to the persons who can estimate the nearest values of the total nlimbei of beans in the bowl.
Bob Parks
j . . . Union Art Director, is currently exhibiting paintings in two exhibitions of national importance —the Tenth Annual Exhibition of the Alt League at Bridgeport, Connecticut, and the Annual Indiana Artist^’ Show at Indianapolis. The works on display at both exhibits will be included among other of his works tentatively scheduled for exhibition in Mr. Parks’ oneman show at the Union next month.
Organization of a University chapter of the Institute of Aeronautical Sciences was completed at their initial meeting last Thursday. In the first session the thirty members elected officers, discussed plans for the coming semester and wei'e shown films pertaining to
aeronautics.
The newly elected officers are as follows: Karl Schekel, chairman; Fred J. VollmCr, vice-chairman, and Robert J. Wingert, secretarytreasurei. The faculty sponsors are Professor K. D. Wood and Professor E. F. Bruhn. Dr. Noyes Addresses AChS Members Dr. W. A. Noyes, chairman of the department of chemistry at the University of Rochester, spoke before a meeting of the American Chemical Society Monday night in room 211 of Stanley Coulter Hall. Dr. Noyes spoke on the subject of “Organic Photochemistry.” Preceding the meeting, a dinner was given at Lincoln Lodge with Dr. Noyes as the guest of honor.
Th^ following short subjects will ^ basis of recordings prepared make up today’s program: “News original starting field of 140
of the Day” at 3 and 4:27; “How college glee clubs.
War Came” at 3:09 and 4:36; “Winter in Eskimo Land,” from the Magic Carpet Series of Movietone, at 3:19 arid 4:46; “Information Please,” featuring Jan Stuther, at 3:29 and 4:66; “Ghost Treasure,” from the Miniature Series, at 3:40 and 6:07; “Winning Your Wings,” produced by the Aimy Air Corps, at
Radio Technicians Complete 17 Week Training Course As a part of the nation’s vast ttet-
3:50 and 5:17; “Gay Nineties,” a work of radio and telephone community sing at 4:09; and the munications designed to detect thd Disney Cartoon, “Good Time for a approach of enemy airplanes. 49 Dime” at 4;10 and 5:36. men who completed 17 weeks of
training in ultra-high frequency tft* dio techniques at the Univefsity last Saturday are now commissioned
officers for the armed forces. The radio locator, known as ra-
dar, was developed by the British to protect the shores of the British Isles against invasion. The dClHco uses ultra-high frequencies to detect the approach of enemy aircraft. Thousands of trained engineers ara needed in the manufacture, operation, and servicing of this equip-
ment.
Nine graduates of this war tri^K ing class, which was offered as pill of the defense training program at the University, are now in tjlte Navy, eight in the Army, twelve td radio manufacturing, six in phone communication, four al Wright field, five on the Uawmatty staff, one at Massachusetts tute of Technology, and three in school.
Band Plays At Hospital For Flag Presentation Duplicating a similar performance of the band of 1917, the Symphonic Band yesterday played for the presentation of a seiwice flag to the St. Elizabeth Hospital, symbolizing the hospital’s contribution in the alleviation of suffering during the war through members of its staff now serving with the armed
forces.
Sir Edward Elgar’s “Pomp and Circumstance” was played for the processional march to the flagpole. Following the ceremonies of presentation and acceptance, the band concluded its performance with “The Bells of St. Mary’s,” by A. Emmett Adams.
•'S,, ^^Va. i it-'-
W^f
y^f ,^.,,,,.,„,^f,^.,.p^^^^ .^. , Exponent Editorial Page wedmaday,May i3, im
'f\ ^ ''
PurduiR Exponent Art-Aiwerican 1940-*41 Offices: Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
GRIK AND BEAR nr
By Licflty^
40'
'eM«r*rn>Chi«t . 38«w« Editar I ManaviitK- Editor Boaincn Manager Circaiatioii Manas«r . Ow^ Editor
John P. Amos Don T. Brophy John H. Armstrong William D. Millard Ken K. Gjemre ;... Alice Chatfleld
Publication Staff Associate Editors
Editorial Staff: R. W. noswinklc, U. K. Butz, W. G. Hoskins, >-A*,P.-Hunter, D. W. Ochiltree. W. E. Rnfert. ^ ■ Sports Staff-. D. E. Hrewei, j. c. L.uw<i>n, fc. KarpicU. ■Coed Staff: .Sniiy Beall. Charlotte Hass. .Jean Laiicr.
Business Staff
Coed BuRiness Manager: Julia Martin. Advertising Managers: J. M. W right, D. Circuiation Manager: G.' H. Klouman. Accounts Manager: Trena Torrenga. „ ,
: Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Kelni.
L. Johnson.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor : Ochiltree Sports Editor: Earpiclt Day Editor: I.auer Issue Editor: Marlon Reporters: Roswiiilde. Fawcett, VckIi, Votik, Ackerman.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay i ette, Indiana, under the aet of Congress of March 3, 1879, apc at the special rate of postage provided for in scctmn 1 l«.t act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Puhlisltec Ml Wednesday. Friday and Sunday mornings during the sum mer semester and daily except Monday during the fall am giinter semesters. Delivered locally hy earner for 81.25 foi ■ Summer semester; mailed subscriptions $1..)0. Represented forVnational advertising liy National Advertis ing Service, Inc.,' College Publishers Representatives, 42' Madison Ave.. New York, N. Y.
Congratulations The Men’s Glee Club of Purdue University was announced last night as one of the eight hnalists in the Fred Waring contest in which there were 140 colleges and universities partieipating. To the members of the Glee Club and to their director, A1 Stewart, we offer our heartiest congratulations. We know they deserved the honor. For them, placing in the finals means a trip to New York to sing in Carnegie Hall and to compete for the award of best glee club in the nation. For Purdue, it will mean that one of our finest non-technical achievements will give Purdue national recognition. ' The achievement is doubly great because the men competed against and defeated many schools such as Indiana where musical training is part of the curriculum and where many of the participant.s expect to go into music as a career. We offer in addition to our congratulations a hope for cointinuance of the success in the fip'als so that the Glee Club will return another Purdue Champion.
V V V
SsJioksL StA/pcA.
Major Joseph F. More . . . president of the Army Aviation Cadet Examining Board, has been reas.signed to that duty, it was announced at the Board’s headquarters yesterday. More left the Board early this year to attend the Command and General Staff School at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, and graduated April 25. Major More will visit a number of Indiana cities this month to assist young men of the .state who desire to enter the service for Aviation Cadet Training. Joseph 0. Hazelwood ■ ... 1108 N. Main S;t., Frankfort, was accepted for Navy flight training this week, it was announced by the Chicago Naval Aviation Cadet Selection Board. Hazelwood, a graduate of the University, i.s the son of Joseph and Mrs. R. M. Hazelwood. At the University Hazelwood was a member of the varsity swimming team.
Wabash college officials have announced formation of the Wabash college forum, a movement in popular “off-campus” education in which principles and problems of American citizenship will be discussed. Texas’ first aerodynamics rc.search laboratory is being .set u)) at the University of Texas part of the .school’s newly establi,shed •graduate program in aeronautical engineering.
’ ■ Tests by the University of Michigan engithearing research department have shown that _ jpbor plugs may often wa.ste as much as * ''bne gallon of ga.soline in ten.
' -
' ‘ Ferry hall, men’s dormitory at Washing- : it ngState college, has been evacuated to make room for a special detachment of 160 air corps ! men from Geiger field,. Spokane. i SLiideriis at the University of Tampa are \ lift ing paid commissions by the city to collect j 'delinquent taxes from 11,000 person,s.
By Drew Pearson and Robert S/Mlen Brasshat's Fail To Limif' Supply Of Blimps For Sea Pafrol; Dufeh Underground Group Fights Nazis WASHINGTON, May 12.—All hands are keeping quiet about it, but there ■was a hot fight in the closeddoor session of the Senate Naval Affairs committee over the bill authorizing the Navy to acquire an “unlimited number” of blimps for off-shore patrolling. Secretary Frank Knox strongly approved the mea.sure. So did Navy air chiefs and other experts. But despite these endorsement.s and the fact that the serious shipping toll continues unabated, a clique of non-air-minded brasshats fought the bill so strenuously that they almo'^t succeeded in wrecking it. The battle raged ^ around a brasshat-inspired amendment to limit the number of blimps the Navy could acquire. ,, To the surprise of everyone the amendment was offered by Senator Guy Gillette of Iowa, who usually is an outspoken foe of the brasshats. But on this occasion he rushed into the secret meeting with a breathless announcement that he had just conferred with “some high Navy officers” who were of the opinion that blimps were ineffective against submarines. These Officers, Gillette continued, felt that pending furthei' study the numbei- of blimps should he limited. This argument was immediately recognized as an old brasshat dodge that has been repeatedly used to block development of Navy air power. • L.igiit@r-Than-Air Expert's The Navy has been experimenting vyith lighter-than-air ships for many years and probably has the best experts in the world in this field. “Who are these high Navy officers to whom you refer?” Ijillet was asked. The Iowan hemmed and hawed for a few minutes, finally declared, “I am not at liberty to disclose their mynes.” “.jyiiy 'lot?” a committee member deihanded. “It might embarrass them," Gillette replied. It unquestionably would have embarrassed them because the Navy air officers present promptly and bluntly refuted the attacks on the blimp. They asserted that contrary to being ineffective, the blimp was the “natural enemy” of the submarine and has been highly successful in eliminating the sub danger wherever used. Finally,. after a heated argument, tlie committee took a vote on the brasshat amendment. The result was a to .3 tie, which under tlie rules defeated the -seheine and saved the bill from mutilation. The three voting for the bra.sshats wei'e Gillette, Peter Gerry, Rhode Island .socialite, ami Hiram Johnson, California’s petulant isolationist. Tlie antis were .Senators Ralph Brewster of Maine, Chai'les Andrews of Florida, and David I. Walsh of Massaehusetts. e No. 1 Book Reader 3'he man who ha.s read the most liooks in the world is what his associates, in the Library of Congress call Charles Martel, gray, cheery little man who has been in the cataloguingdivision since 1897.' He himself is not sure of the number of hooks he has read. He replies, “Well, let’s .see. Eight hours a day, 100 pages an hour, 43 years niake.s—what would you guess?” Library experts put the pumber at not less than 50,000 books. Martel smiles gently, and keeps on read-
ing.
Born in: Switzerland 80 years ago, Martel lived with an uncle who ran a book-shop in Zurich. He became such an authority on the sto'ck of the shop that whenever a customer inquii'ed about the contents of a book, the uncle would summon young Charle.s. He still reads prodigiously and every day can be found in his cubby-hole office poring over piles of books that cover every inch of the floor. Most modern hooks, Martel considers to be trash. Heavy stuff is his meat. KanT famous “Critique of Pure Reason” slowed Mai'tel up the most. He was able to devour it only iit the rate of 20 pages an hour as compare.d to hi.s normal pace of 100 pages an hour. Martel retired ten years ago as head of the cataloguing division, but the Library asked him to continue in a sort of emeritus status as a consultant. He eagerly agreed because to him reading is living. Martel never stops reading. After a 9-5 day at the Library, he settles down at home to some private reading. And when he retires, he reud.s in Ired before going to sleep, m Heroic Dutch ITie heroic Dutch ai'e figliting' back grimly at Hitler in Holland. An undei'grouml movement .striking at occupation forces and Dutch Nazis has been so effective that the Germans, in a desperate effort to retaliate, arrested 79 Dutchmen, many of tliem former army officei'.s. Of this group 72 were shot and tlie other seven imprisoned for life. J'lvidence that the underground movement is widespread and tliat tlie Nazis and Dutch traitors are afraid of it was p'ublicly revealed in a Hilversum liroadea.st. It said: ‘“riieie are still many people who oppose the new li.nie.s ;iiul who iindei'estiinate tlie sti'engih of tlie young; nations. In particular, the priests and teiif-hers, who call themselves the .spiritual leaders of the nation, oppo.se in overwhelming majority the rebii'tli o.f tile nation. Without any justification they, jiroclaim tlieniselve;i representatives of Cliri.stendoni and they say they ai'e figliting for the benefit of tlic people.” Anotlier Hilversum broadcast bitterly denounced tlie Dutcli foi' not volunteering to fight on the Rus-. sian front and foi' “ridiculing and maliciously teasing” tlie hoys and gills wlio join tlie Nazi yoiitli soeietie:-;. Note: ’riie liroadcast indicated Uiat tlie executed patriots liad been furni.shing information to tlie Britisli to guide them on tlieir air raids. (Cop.yi'iglit, 1942, liy United Feature .Syndicate, Lie.)
‘This war’s a picnic compared to the one we’ll have when we try to get your mother back to the kitchen, Junior!” University Calendar Wednesday, May 13
2:00 P.M.-~Newconier’s Bridge ....West Faculty Lge, Union 7:30 P.M.—Latin American Tarty ...Old Chestnut Room, Union .
Texts, Money Ready Having sold over 1,200 books which netted approximately $2,200 in cash recepits, selling in the Student Book Exchange, sponsored by the Student Union, ended yester-
day.
All money and unsold books should be collected by their owners by Friday at 6 p. m., officials of the Exchange haye announced. However, students have until Tuesday, May 20, to collect their books or money, after which time they will automatically become the property of thij Book Exchange. Social Chairmen All social chairmen must submit recpiest for dances or social functions for this semester to me in the Union office or at the West Desk. Request must lie in by noon today. Please cooperate. ■' —DEUSTER
Personnel Notes Cramp Shipbuilding <’.o., Philadelphia, Pa. M.E., E.E,, s,nd Gh.EI. August and December graduates. Sign in Pei'soiinel Office iiy 'V/ednc'Bday, May 13. 1). S. Navy Yard, New York, N.Y. E.E. August grads. Sign in Personnel Office by Thursday, May 14. : Univei-.sal Molded Products Corp., Bristoi'Aircraft Div., Bristol, Va.— Augu-st or December Aeronautical or Mechanical Engineers sign up in personnel office by .Saturday, May 16.
Noticies
Aeromodclers: Important meeting May 18 in room 80. Refreshments will he servpa to everyone. All prospective members welcome. Come one come all 'IjyQLpEN Pi Tail Sigma: April inifiates-;-Me^er-
ship cards now available at
ME huiUling. . -KINNEY . Purdue Players: Petitions for crow^heacls for coming summer production lire due at
the plnyshop olfice We(lne.sday,
Purchasers of Deuris: Those who have not ^•eeeivod their copie.s of the 1SH2 Debris must henceforth report to Mr. Bodden’s office in the Executive Building to receive tbjF “opics. ^Wo warned you. —ADAMS I Fresliman Cnmp Counselor.1: Anyone interested ii\ nclinj^ ns a counselor at the
August freshman camp should
in touch with T)r. Grave.s'(‘UlMLJ), SchoIlH
(50521, or Singer (84211.
Religious Council: Regular meeting of Reiigious Council iu room 58 of^tlu^Unioii, ^
today at 7 ;30 p.r
-KIlfOORE
Roger Williams C'.Iuii: Members meet at the riapti.st Church ,at curner of CulUmliia and Cliaunci y sfreols at 4 p.m. Sunday, May 17, and from there, gu to Wiley’.s for outdoor meeting. In case of rain ,voii will meet at (lie church at 5:30 p.m. Zouaves: All memher.s interested in making a trip to ladhinaiiulis Friil:iy, May 22, meet iu Armory tunigllt :it 4 li.in. . - HUNT All Scouts ami Scouters: Alplia- Phi Omega iiiien meeting. .Scoutmaster Omar Ford to. speak Monday, May 18.. at 7:30 p.m.i ruoni :i07 in Uniuir. - Wll.BUU Student War ('ouncif: Meeting- will he In hi at 7::i0 lunighl in tlu' .tluiou Office. Everyiin.' please atli'iul. —DEIISTIOB, Tan Sigma: Meeting Monday, May 18, at 4 p.m. in I’eading room. Discussion of summer activitiis. --KOFIRNER Scahliard and Blade: Meeting tonight at 7;:10 in Tower room of the Union. Bring ideas tor summer acUvilies. —Sl’ENCER Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Thursday, May
8:30 'A.M, 12:00 noon 3:00 P.M. 4:00 P.M, 6:30 P.M. 7:15 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. . 7:30 P.M, , 8:00 P.M, .8:00 P.M.
—Indiisti'ial Proteclion Confei'enco Iiulu.sLi'ial Pfotection Confei'onco Lunchoon —Sorocn Review -—Ba.seball - -Wabash -—Civil Air Patrol - Ruling Uinb —Ainericr.n Asroiialion ■ .Sdentific Worker;: ........... — Camera Chib Meeting Christian Stiideiit Eellinvi'.hi Indiiina Soeiety Professional En.gineers , ('.liatint'ey liomc Econoniics ■'(.’lui) I.ecinre
.. .Eliza Fowlei ....East Faculty Lge, Union ....Hall of Music ... Basebail Diamond .....Room 330, Utiion ....Room 30.5, Union ... Room 30.3, Union . .Room 304, Union p Room 307, Union ■ '
; One hundred five graduate.^ of the Bible ^ eollejje of Texas Christian university are t jireachirig in Texas, a surveyufi8cloBe,s.
College enrollment in French classe.s hu.s dropped 28.5 per cent, and in Gorman 11 per cent, since.last September.
Wellesley is said to be the first women’s college to have its own radio station.
Letter, To Editor
Dear Sir:
An oil (lainfing: “llydran,gca.s,” size 16Vr by 18Vi was taken from its frame either in the Putteiin.g Shops or the Student Union woi-k-shop between April 25 and April 30. It was painted by Pearl Stonecipher, wife of Paul Stonecipher, Purdue ’17, and was to be hun.g among other of Mrs. Stoneciphei'’s work in the curi'ent Music Room e.vhibit. Any information regai'ding the wherctibonts of the paintin.g will be .greally appreciated. . Bob Ptirks . ' PuUerin,g Shop:t
LEARN TO DANCE SUMMER CLASS OPENS FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN Thurs., May 21, 7:30 P.M. Waltz, Slow and East Fox-Trot Reduced Rates: 8 Lessons $5.00 ENROLL NOW P. M. Allen, Nationally Known Instructor. Phone 2150.i i p <(
wmmKmmmmmmmmt/Kmmmmimmmmmmmmmmmmmmm -‘‘•■'sfWw »/.“ l-i/jv. , wrv..K f.. v- ),%%«
A 4 >
I )
f, i 1942
T^am Tmu^ces
BoitermaJifer ^nonts
S ‘.‘J V
WS ,.„.,
13,L00MINGT0N, I n d. — (S;^e'cial t'b The'Purdue Exponerii)—Cbach' Ldrt^y'EaBree’s teh'm^5 **team' took Indiana’s Hdbsiers into caihp yesterday by a score of 6-0. Only' si!x matches were played because the 'l^piler'makers were ShPrt onb map due to-the absence of Cdptain Ray Lucht. The Riveters lost 0^ one set in the entire matM^nd that was in the iiumb^i* one singles when Gns Arinstrahg' playing in the number one spot yester'clay dropped the sec-
ond set by a 4-6 score.
Straiglit Sets
pick Stettner playing number two wbn his 'first set in a breeze by a 6-0 's'Core, but had to pul on a lot of drive to take the second set by an 8-6 count. Ed Wells and Walt Dudzinski won their singles matches “without any gieat diilicully. In the doubles Stettner and Armstrong’ won their match in easy fashion. Then the new doubles eombinption of Wells gnd ' Dudzinski finished off the afternoon with the win that enabled the team to have a Spotless record. Dudzinski nol - mally does not play doubles, but to4ay he took Ray Lucht’s place with considerable success. Champioiiship.s Thursday On Thuisday the team will travel to Ohio State and open play in the Big Ten Championship matches played there. The matches will bo held on Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Michigan’s Wolveiines aie favored to hold the crown that (hey won last yeai. They have a well
i¥ %:9m
^ackey, Burijhain Attend Big Ten Spring Meeting < / Guy Mackey, athletic director, left last night for Chicago to attend the annual spring meeting of the Big Ten athletic conference which will extend through Saturday. Mackey, along with the other Big Ten directors, will be the guest of Admii’al Downes at the Great Lakes Naval Training Station tomorrow, and the fownal Big Ten sessions will be launched on Thursday. A number of emergency problems brought about by the war effort are expected to be discussed during the diiectors’ meetings, including summer programs, transpoi’tation, and regulations concerning the opening of football practice this fall. liner Burnham, head football ach, and his first assistant, Mel Taube, will attend the football coaches’ sessions beginning Thursday, while Bob Woodworth, athletic publicity diiector, will attend the publicity sessions on Friday and Saturday. balanced squad with but one man missing from the team that won the crown last year. .Summaiy: Aimstiong (P) defeated Wood (I) 6-2, 4-6, 6-4. Slctlnor (P) defealed Izsak (I) 6-0, 8-6. Wells (P) defeated Reed (I) 6-2, 6-2. Dudzin.ski (P) defeated Wolfe (I) 6-3, 6-3. Aimstrong and Stettner (P) defeated Wood and Izsak (T) 6-3, 6-3. Wells and Dudzinski (P) defeated Reed and Wolfe 6-2, 6-4.
THIS WEEKEND WILL be the one of the entire summer semester for the Boilermaker athletic teams. The baseball squad will journey down to Evanston to tangle with the Northwestern Wildcats, the tennis team will play in the Big Ten tennis matches at Ohio State and the track squad will battle the other schools in the conference in the Big Ten track meet which will ibe held at Northwestern. Everything considered our teams will have their hands full. IF YOU HAVE followed the progress of the various teams taithfillly during thd spring you will find that there will be some changes made in the lineups that the Riveters Will present when they lake the field. Perhaps th^ hardest hit squad will be'^Coach Heritfon Phillips’ grqup of thinly elads. You may feel pretty bad about the loss of seven of the regular performers, but it is a cinch that you don’t feel any worse than Herm does. DUTCH FEIIRING AND HIS BASEBALL team haven’t been spared either. Players like Hai’ry McFeiren, Duffy Friend, and George Burghardt d|)n’t grow on ti'ees, at least, not in any orchard in this part of the country. 'Pheir places will be taken by other players, no less capable perhaps, but lacking that all impoitant game experience. COACH LARRY LaBREE’S TENNIS TEAM has lo.st only one man, but that man is the captain and number one singles player, Ray Lucht. There isbjl anyone to step in and take his place, so the team just has to play onj' man short. Ray came down to help the team in their match against Western Michigan last weekend, but bis game was not as good as usual bpcause he had no chance to piactice during the previous week. Ray and the lest of the team hope that he will be able to make it for the Eig Ten matches, but his presence is by no means certain. WITH THE BASEBALL SERIES AT NORTHWESTERN coming up it is nice to look back a year to the time when the Wildcats came down here and paid us a visit. As we remember i(—the Cats came here with a team that was right in the scrap for the conference championship. Their big gun was Bill DeCorrevant, who was one of the most feared batters in the league. To the “experts” it looked like a fine chance for the Northwestern (earn to annex a couple of easy wins and improve their standing in the league. BUT—-THE DOPE BUCKET WAS UPSET that weekend as dope buckets veiy often are, and the Boilermakers took both of the games played. In the second game, the winning run came in when Captain Bud Fisher laydown a beautiful squeeze bunt with the bases loaded and one man out in the last half of the ninth. It was the perfect play for the spot, because it caught the Northwestern defense flatfooted. The bunt wasn’t even fielded. DeCorrevant got one hit during the series. AL .TENTSCII, THE RIVETER MIDDLE DISTANCE STAR, seems (o be in top form lor the coming Big Ten Championships. Lasl weekend A1 turned in excellent times in the 880 yard run and in Ihe mile. Both of these times placed him as a definite lineal in these races next Saturday. .lentsch has the stuff, all righl, and these limes should give him the confidence he needs 1o match strides with the best middle distance men in the conference. The half mile matching .lentsch, Kane ot Indiana, and Rehburg oi Illinois, and the mile with .lentsch, Kane, and Mitchell of Indiana should be races really worth watching. E.L.K.
Sof%ll WiiJ St^rt
.'i • ^ Summer sports will get under way in the intramural competition soon as fraternity softball teams are ^ated to take the diamonds next Tuesday afternoon on Russell Field. Varied Program In the recent meeting of fraternity athletic managers, Ward, and Cary Hall sports bosses, the intramui'al program was outlined, containing 10 varied activities. Chief M. L. Clevett, intramural director, will offer several comparatively new sports to the present I-M program, these b.eing Code-Ball, a variation of golf, the participarrt kicking a large ball around a course, and paddle-tehnis, similar to regular tennis. This summer the organized, ward, aird Cary Hall teams will use a 12 inch soft ball instead of the 14 inch size, as used in competition last fall. Games are expected to be played at 6:80 p.rn., brstead of during the hot afternoons. New Sports Offered Fraternity sports on the list so far will Include softball, Godeball, two-man hoiseshoes, four-man golf, singles and doubles tennis competition, paddle tennis. Gold and Black pass-ball, badminton, archery, swimming, and Sigma Delta Psi tests. Waid and Cary Hall competition will be piactically the same as fraternity sports, with the addition of track and field events. Intramural workers have been making completions on the new Fieldhouse athletic plant setup for sLimmei activities. Students will soon get a chance to use the many com ts laid out foi various sports. To date eight badminton, eight paddle tennis, and eight Zcll-ball coui-ts have been laid o\it and a seven lap-to-the-mile tiack has been lined off. Other Fieldhouse activities are expected to get under way dining the coming summer session.
W(|f T?y
Stop
By Joe Dawson
With four regulars definitely out for the season, Coach Dutfeh Fehring’s Riveter baseball squad will leave early tomorrow morning for Chicago where they will meet the highlytouted Great Lakes outfit in the afternoon in a game which will undoubtedly be the toughest thus far for the Boilermaker nine. The contest tomorrow will be the first of a two gaihe series with the Sailors, the other being played here on the 27th
of this month.
Fehring has indicated that he will give each of his four ranking hurlers—Walt Leifheit, Paul Petrich, Ed Misslehom and Tony Berto a chance to muffle the powerful Navy bats. In all probability Leifheit will
open the game on the hill for
the Riveters.
Following the Indiana series last weekend, Fehring lost the services of Harry McFerren
, ^^ , , and Paul Friend, both of whdm are Coach Hei m Phillips’ track nqua'd working in engineering plants
will travel to Chicago next Friday east. These losses coupled to take part in the Big Ten confer- the recent induction of George ence track meet that is to be held Burghardt and Bob Kersey into the at Northwestern this coming week- and navy respectively leave end. ’riiDUgh most of the Riveter ^ke Riveters minus four men who veterahs will be absent fiom the have held down four vital spots in
contest, Coach Phillips hopes^o en- ^ke Boilermaker attack, ter seyei’al participants. Ex-Hoosier May Pitch Yesterday afternoon, the track Although no official announce-
men worked out on the Stadium cin- ment has been made as yet by Coach der oval and the intramuial field Mickey Cochrane, there is a Strong in preparation for the coming event, possibility thgt Don Dunker, forBill Bancker, captain elect of next mer Hoosier ace, will start on the year’s squad, leceived the news last mound for the Naval aggregation, week that he was to be inducted So far this spring the long lean into the army. With the help of the lighthander ligs been the most efUniversity, Bill was able to get a fective Middie moundsman with an
thirty day deferment in order that earned run aveiago of 2.25
Riveter Track Squad T^es Part In Big Ten Heet Thi$ Week-^nd
he might take pait in the conference meet. Because of this. Coach Phillips will be able to place a relay team in the 440 race at Evanston.
Riveter Entries
' Banckei, Ainold, Archer and Anthony will run the 440 lelay, while other entiles will probably be Jentsch and Kemp in the mile and half mile, Giimm in the pole vault,
run aveiago ot Z.Zb per
game.
Last year as a member of the Indiana nine, Dunker won five games against no defeats for the be^t record in the Confeience. One of these wins was a thice hitter against the Riveters. Minor Leaguers Shine Despite the fact that the Great
x)kree iiinptefway,i to avoid thU^nAk * • *
Jin fflost American homes today, people are using their eyes more ... studying, sewing, reading, or doing war work at home. Eyes are being put to great strain. This eyestrain can be overcome by 1 . ' the proper use of your present lamps and light bulbs. By following the^ simple suggestions shown here, you will help your eyesight, lengthen the life of your equipment—and at the same time avoid wasting light; thus conserving electric power.
IF YOU NEED A NEW I.E.S. LAMP You can still purchase excellent I. E. S. floor lamps and wall lamps. The lamps that we, and your Dealers, hove on hand, are made available without interference with war production.
Kt£P LAMPS CICAN
Reflector bowls and lamp bulbs gather more dust than you think. The dust collected on them in from one to three.months can rob you of much of the light your eyes need. Dusting them with a damp rag, or washing will give you from 25 to,30% more light.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
n IF roc/ft LAMPS HAVe PARK SHAPES or shades now turned yellow inside, you are losing light that your eyes need for easier seeing, less eyestrain. You may be losing as much as 50%! Clean them regularly; or if they’re too bad, replace them with fresh shades and you’ll get a lot more light. (Even light-colored silk shades will give you more light if brushed weekly.)
HENRY ROSENTHAL CO. 322 Main Sh LAFAYETTE'S GREATEST CLOTHIER McGREGOR SPORTSWEAR
and a few othei.s who show up qood' Lakes team i.-. literally studded with in piactice this week. Burt Anthony former majoi learruers, two'playwill leturn to *;chool from his job ers w^ho have never seen action in to lake pail in the meet. fke big- show are leading- the club Ohio State will again bo favoicfl hitting. Ernie Andres, former in this meet. The Buckeyes took the All-American basketball plajter at indoor track meet last winter by a Indiana and legular third baseman substantial score and Ohio has the Ike Louisville American Associsame team now that they did then, ation tfeam last year is Idadiiig' the Ohio State’.s top men are Wright, sailors at the plate with a siuooth Owens, Collins, and Hammond. -400 average. ' Wright l.s considered'by the Big Ten Prank Baumholtz. former basecoaches as the best hurdler in the ball and basketball player at Ohio conference. The other men are out- University, has proved to He the standing in the quaiter mile run. I'eal surprise of the young season Quarter-Milers by virtue of his .343 average'while Other top men in the quarter mile batting in the leadoff position. He are Ufer of Michigan, and Rehburg was a regular outfielder undef conof Illinois. The outstanding discus tract in the Cincinnati Reds farm man will probably be Pitch of Min- system last year. '
nesota. A few weeks ago he threw the disc 164 feet. Wiight of Ohio, Owen of Illinois, and Vollenweider of Iowa are the men to beat in the
High Priced Talent
Benny McCoy, former Philadelphia Athletics slugger who' cost Connie Mack a cool ^45,000; and
low and high hurdles. Kron of the Johnny Lueadello, a member 6f the Boilermakeis will piobably not be St. Louis Browns last year, add a able to take part in the match. major league touch to the infield. Leo Fai mer, coloi ed star of Iowa, Fiank Pytlak, dimunitive baCllstop will be picsent foi the 100 yd. dash, who formerly peiformed f<^ the the 220 and the bioad jump. Illinois Cleveland Indians and the Boston will be represented in the broad Red Sox, will be behind the® plate jump by Lewis and Ohio State will tomoriow against the Riveter's. Hi^ have Dupie, all outstanding men. alternate — Sam Haishaney-r-has Dupre, in the fiist meet of the sea- seen consideiabJe action in the big son, jumped 24 feet. time with the Browns. ' Pole Vault 11 Feet Don Padgett, a youngster who Williani.s of Wisconsin and De- seemed headed for a real future in Field ot Minnesota aio considered the majois while playing with the the best men in the pole vault. De- St. Louis Caidinals, will holii'down Field has been doing the best job one of the outfield bei tbs. Joe Gtace, ill this depaitment until last week anothei former Biowme will round when Williams beat him by jump- out the outfield of Baumholtz, Fad-
ing 13 feet MX inches. gett and Grace.
Hew under-arm Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiration
1^ PLACe LAMPS TO MAKB LIGHT MORE USffUL
A
MAKE YOUR SELECTION WITH US, OR YOUR DEALER
Rut them where they give eyes most help. Often, two' or more of the family can use the same lamp when furniture is properly arranged. (One suggestion is shown above.) And don’t ge^ too far away from the lamp; a difference of twelve inches can cut your light as much as 50%i
Public Service Company of Indiana, Inc
1. Doeb not rot di^sses or men’s slnrtb, Uoes not luiUte skm. 2 No waiting to chy. Can he used nylit ifter sliaving. 3 Inst intl> stops perspn Uion for 1 to \ dj)s Removes odoi irom perspn uion. 4 A pure, white, greaseless, stainless vanishing ci earn. 5 Airid his been iwarded the Appto\al Sea) of the Amencan Institute of launfleiing for being harmless to fabi ics. Arrid is the LARGEST SELLING DEODORANT. Try a Jar today] ARRID ^Op a jar At all stnrpa sellinc toilet gooda (albo in lOc and Bile jars)
MEN IN THE SERVICE ALL AGREE!
SET $12:75 OTHERS $2.95 UP
"Parket is the one for me" 1. The original military type clip for concealed carrying. 2. Super-Charged — holds more ink because of Pa!rk9r*t Vacumatic construction. * 3. 14K Gold Osmiridium tipped point won’t wMli scratchy in a lifetime. ^
SEE OUR COMPLETE STOCK OF PARKEHS
T
DECKER’S HJC. 518-20 Moin... Phone SQ8&fWi’rP^^ikn-^"'’^^'' '• , ' ‘ "r‘. '.'. ’’'■ ''■ '<!i’’ ;;^’ ^:'%n' ^i';''‘'-'vS'*'Jr'' ^^i|‘)t.4 ^^,iW¥'Ui ^' ' . -' P •* > '" ’ i-'"’, ' ;’ t ' ' i < ' s'-’ '' ^X f> ,‘1/ sf" '■'**«-, t I . '5 . '• \ k
4
Purdue Exponent
Wednesday, May 13',
FW ii{^‘ fftv
fk
|v
iS
■I
NOWJOSt COLLEGE MEN-A NEW
OFHCERS' TRAINING M
★ New Deferred Service Plan Allows You to Continue Your Education ★
F rom coast to coast—in the skies over America— there is a thundering drone of fighting ships. The mightiest air fleet in the history of the world is mobilizing for victory! So fast is it growing that there fs a place here—an urgent need here—for every college man in America who can qualify for Officer’s Training. The U. S. Army Air Forces need Officers ... Flying Officers and Ground Crew Officers. And many of them must come from the ranks of today’s college students—men who make their plans now for the necessary Aviation Cadet training. Thanks to a newly created Air Force Reserve plan, men of all classes—within the ages of 18 to 26, inclusive—can enlist for immediate service or continue the scholastic work required for graduation before being called for active duty. You must meet the requirements for physical fitness, of course. In addition, you take a new simplified test to determine your ability t6 grasp the training. A college man should pass it easily.
$75 K miiTii mmm mimm Those accepted who wish immediate duty will go into training as rapidly as facilities permit. As an Aviation Cadet, you are paid $75 per month, with $1.00 a day for subsistence, with quarters, medical care, necessary uniforms, clothing, equipment, traveling expenses. In 8 months you can win an officer’s commission on the basis of your training record in competition with other Aviation Cadets. You can become one of the musketeers of the air—a bombardier, navigator, or a pilot—and be well started on your way to serve America and advance yourself in aviation.
THREE ENLISTMENT PLANS FOR COLLESE MEN
Juniors • Sophomores • Freshmen IVlay Continue Their Education
1. A new plan allows Juniors, Sophomores and Freshmen in college, aged 18 to 26, inclusive, to enlist in the Air Force Enlisted Reserve and continue their schooling, provided they maintain satisfactory scholastic standings.
Ail College IVlen IVlay Enlist for Immediate Service
2. All college students may enlist as privates in the Army Air Forces (unassigned) and serve there until theii^ turns come for Aviation Cadet training. I
3. Ail college students may enlist in the Air Force Enlisted Reserve and wait until they are ordered to report for Aviation Cadet training. Upon graduation or withdrawal from college, men will be assigned to active duty at a training center as facilities become available.
If the necessity of war demands, the deferred status in the Army Reserve may be terminated at any time by the Secretary of War.
WY BmOHES OF SEflYICE There are also commissions awarded in ground crew service. College men particularly will be interested in the requirements for Armaments, Communications, Engineering, Meteorology, Photography. If you have extensive engineering experience your chances of getting a commission are excellent. This past year about 80% of all Aviation Cad^its were commissioned as Second Lieutenants—about
The new Army Air Force Enllsfed Reserve Plan is part of an over-all Army Enllsfed Reserve Corps program shortly to be announced. This program will provide opportunities for college men to enlist In other branches of the Army on a deferred basis and to continue their education through graduation If a satisfactory standard of work Is maintained. In case of necessity the Secretary of War shall determine when they be called to active duty. It Is understood that men so enlisted will have the opportunity of competing for vacancies In officer's candidate schools.
This plan has been approved In the belief that continuance of education will develop capacities tor leadership, (Reserve enllsfment will not alter regulations regarding established R.O.T.C. plans.)
67% as flying officers. Those who do not qualify re« main in the Air Forces on an enlisted status and have further opportunities. As a Second Lieutenant on active duty with the Army Air Forces, your pay ranges from $183 to $245 a month.
AVIATION-THE COMINS INOySTRY The opportunities for aviation in civilian life have barely been touched. You will bring to those opportunities not only the best training in the world—but the executive ability of an Army officer’s training and experience, which have always commanded a premium in business life.
X.
ACT AT CNCE If you want to fight for America, this is where you can strike deadly blows against our enemies. If you want advancement—years of solid achievement and education that can never be duplicated— this is where you belong. If you want to be up there in the middle of things— when the enemy cries quits—your place is ^ere—ia the Army Air Forces.
\
*1
V
FLY WITH YOHR FRIENDS A Special squadron for training is now forming at this college. You and your friends can share together the work and fun of training. If you plan to enlist immediately, start getting your necessary papers ready for the Aviation Cadet Examining Board when it meets in your locality. For complete information, see your Faculty Air Force Advisor. You can take your mental and physical examinations the same day you apply. Get further information noiv.
\
\
NOTE: If you wish to enlist, and you are under 2i, you tvill need your parents' or guardian's consent. Birth certificates and three letters of recommendation tvill be required of all applicants. Obtain the forms and send them home today—you can then complete your enlistment before any Aviation Cadet Examiniug Board,
\
SEE YOUR FACULTY AIR FORCE
FOR FULL INFORMATION
(Or Apply to Your Local Recruiting and Induction Station)
U. S. recruiting and induction STATION: Olhor Army RecuiLing nnd Induction St.,tions are in the following cities: 219 P.O. Bldg., Lafayette, Ind. INDIANAPOLIS EVANSVILLE FORT WAYNE GARY TERRE HAUTE AVIATION CADET EXAMINING BOARD: Other Aviation Cadet Examining Boards arc located in the following cities: Lafayette, Ind. ANGOLA INDIANAPOLIS — THE SPECIAL EXAMINING BOARD WILL VISIT PURDUE UNIVERSITY SOON
V ■