I •
% I t
j
,> f / '■ -”!*%/ i'?!;‘>Jf^'’'' ,>
^ "Zf K /'
fV-ZA (t-lf
'f%
EDtT ASKS
Why Should'Students Pay A Union Fee?
MERRY-GO-ROUHi Tells Inside Story Of Wallace-Jones Row
Established 1889
Here We Go Again
Volume 56, No. 29
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiaiia
Wednesday, jufy 7,1949
University To Give ^Victory Varieties^ Saturday c/asses For V-I2’s Dr. E. L. Butz Speaks Before wluSlZaow
Wi// Bogin Todoy 0|j|*aj I fi^dfirshiD Corif6f6nc6 Registration of 1,232 marines and navy men for the y-12 I mU I CB I Ib^i^ wI %B %0 I 4bI 11 I ■ It I
w>« ^4- 4-X^ X Tv»-1 virt •? 4'r^y^lr' y-»«i 4*1.% XJ«11
Registration of 1,232 marines and navy men for the V-12 program at the University took place in the Hall of Music Monday. Registration, however, ran smoothly considering the large number involved. Classes begin today for the V-12 stu-
dents.
The program will run until November 1, at 'which time more men will be assigned to the ^
University under the V-12 program. Those men in the navy program not assigned to active duty were advised to register in this, the first service term, and continue their education.
Of the navy group, approximately 560 were assigned to engineering courses while the remainder were put in agriculture, forestry, science, pre-medic, pharmacy and physical education. In the marine contingent 200 were assigned engineering courses and 250 to basic courses. All courses in the V-12 program are to be of college level and credit will be given toward a degree. The engineering students are expected to remain until graduation though some may be assigned to specialized training. Privileges Comparable To Students The navy men and marines have been assigned to barracks in Cary Hall or at one of the fraternity houses leased by theXJniversity. Although undei naval discipline, they will have privileges comparable to regular students. They will carry at least twenty hours credit, including physical training. The V-12 students in the fraternity houses will be under a petty officer in the case of the navy and under a sergeant in the case of the marines. The navy men have the rank of apprentice seamen, and the marines have the rank of private. 925 Soldiers To Train Here Of an eventual quota of 925 soldiers to be assigned to this campus, .360 aie already here. They are assigned to the University for specialized training. The army group consists of 500 basic students, 300 advanced students and 125 in personnel and psychology. FORMER AERONAUTICAL STAFF MEMBER DIES W. A. Bevan, formerly associate professor of aeronautical engineering at the University, and later head of this work at Iowa State College, died Monday at his home in Mooresville where he moved three years ago upon retiring from the Iowa position. Prof. Bevan also served on the faculty of Oregon State Agricultural College and on the Culver Military Academy faculty before serving on the University staff from 1926 to 1929. Funeral services will be held Thursday at his former home in Iowa.
Identification For Staff Members Goes Into Effect An identification system for University staff members has been established during the past few months, and will go into effect for all parts of the campus north of State street July 12, according to an announcement by R. T. Hamilton, Physical Plant superintendent. The identification system, was devised by the Plant Protection office under the direction of R. W. Levering of the Physical Plant as one of the steps taken to provide for the safety of members of the University staff and for protection of University property against espionage and sabotage. Specific Areas Restricted The system sets out certain areas as restricted such as the airport, the Power plant and Navy and Army Housing Reseivations' which may only be enteied by authorized persons, who will carry identification to show their authorization. According to Levering, a rest! ieted area or building is one to which access is limited to those persons who have been specifically authorized to enter and who have in their possession at the time of entering either an identification card or badge issued by the Plant Protection office, which indicates that the person it identifies is so
authorized.
Issue Identification Cards Cai'ds have been issued to service employees of the Physical Plant depaitment, men’s residence halls. Airport, and the Union. Cards have also been issued to all other members of the University
staff.
In order to obtain a badge or identification card, the employees were all given questionaires to fill out and were photographed and fingerprinted. The identification cards must be worn at all times and all persons to whom identification cards have been given may ask to show their cards or badges at any time. Cooperation Essential Factor Cooperation in this matter, is considered the most important single factor in making the system effective, according to Levering. Any irregularities should be reported to the Plant Protection office where a University policeman is on duty continuously.
“Victory Varieties”, a program planned by a University committee for student and service men’s entertainment, will be presented Saturday at 8 p. m. in the Music Hall for .students, service men with liberty, faculty and townspeople;
Dr. E. L. Butz, agricultural economist of the University, speaking before the 15th annual immediately following the hour and a half long progl?a»i will
be a two-ballroom dance in the
Union,
On the stage for the eiittrety of the show will be Don Fernando and his CBS orchestra with Bill Dornfield as Master of Ceremonies. The acte, in order, include the Martells and Mignon, adagio trio; the Filter Brothers, acrobatics; the Bjrton Dancers, composed of eight girls
Rural Leadership School held at the University Monday and Tuesday, made the statement “Sacrifices now being made by the American people for the furtherance of the war eifort will pale into insignificance when compared with the sacrifices that will be made if we lose the war.” According to Dr. Butz, two-thirds of the country’s industrial capacity is now in the war effort, which leaves only one-third for civilian production (a big decrease in consumer goods
available). He also reminded us that inflation is always with a nation at war, and this nation is in'the midst of higher prices and attendant situations. Since the war began in 1939, farm prices were more than doubled we were told by the speaker, and because qf this a real estate
Cadette Warns All EE Students Of Gremlins
Armed Forces Hold Services In Music Hall
Aeromodelers Club To Sponsor Model Plane Meet Sunday
By Mary Jo Hablas Beware, all EE students. If any poor unfortunate EE’s have a test this week or a particularly ticklish lab assignment, tkke things calmly and cooly. The gremlins in the EE building are in a mad mood, and it is hard to predict just what might happen. The reason for their bad hull)or: they had no vacation over
the Fourth.
These self-appointed guardians shared the campus last week end with tWe Engineering Cadettes
Beginning next Sunday morning
pi ice boom is feared i| the war con- and every Sunday thereafter, relitinues much longer. j gious services for men in the armed Approximately 75 persons at- forces stationed at the University tended the conference, many of 'will be held in the Hall of Music.
Sponsored by the Purdue Aeromodellers, a model airplane meet will be held Sunday afternoon. The
meet, beginning at 1 p. m., will be ^hree times duttog
whom were rural ministers, to hear the many speakers give their opinions on how the war effect rural districts. Dr. Clement T. Malan, state superintendent of jiublic instruction, yesterday told the 75 persons attending the conference that unless Americans are willing “to meet the
and the' sailors already stationed I’esponsibilities and solve the jlrobhere. In spite of the attractive land- ^eneva-
scaping, blooming flowers and warbling birds, (and the incoming sailors and marines) no one seemed to
be in the proper mood to enjoy the ^ P^"* ^0 years
from now.
Dr. Burnham Speaks
tion, rural life and democracy as we have known it in these United States for a century and a half will
scenery.
Gremlins Kept Busy The silent buildings probably had a very depressing effect. Whatever, it was, the special students could think of a hundred and one occupations they would much prefer to have been engaged in besides that of going to classes July 3 and 6. It took very little to start them
In his speech on “How Can Rural Leaders Do More To Help Meet Educational Needs,’’ Dr. Ernest Burnham, State Normal School, Kalamazoo, Mich., said, “No stone can now be left unturned to get into actual service for the rising rural generation all that really smart and responsible parents, teachers, civil
Catholic Mass will be conducted at 8-30, protestant services will be held at 9:30, and Jewish service will be held at 10:30. These services will be open to officers and men and their families or sweethearts. A committee of the Tippecanoe County Ministerial Association has arranged for the program. Members of the committee are Rabbi Meyer H. Simon, Rev. Eugene, and
Father Holland.
In addition to the use of the Music Hall, President E. C. Elliott has granted office space on the campus to the three groups so that the ministers may advise members of their respective faiths just as do regular army or navy chaplains. Goats Cause Navy Worries V-12ers in one of thejr many
the evening; the Masqueraders,^novelty act by college men; andil^eaton and Armfield, Kaper Cutters. No Admission Charge For.D^neft Unique feature of the dance following the show is its ‘hio<adlRd&i)on
charge; non-members will pay a 60 ^^arge’’ and its cutting
Featuring a good neighbor policy in order to give the wandering service
an all-afternoon affair and will be open to all models of airplanes. Location oof the meet will be announced later. For members of the Aeromodellers Club there is no
cent entry fee.
Competitive flights will be staged
two days that they are now in no condition to give the new service men’s classes the warm welcome
they had planned for them. It is a horrible state of affairs,
really, and someone will have to
two stubborn goats who blocked the middle of the street unflinching-
ly.
In command of the situation, the officer in charge gave a “squad halt” while he pulled the resisting animals out of the immediate path. Instantly he was worried by a number of the local canine friends of
for all classes of rubber powered models; class A, B, and C gas models, and hand-launched and towlaunched gliders. The prize offered to the winner and runner-ups are subscriptions to various leading model airplane magazines. ^ May Enter Any^Number of Planes Contestants may enter as many models as they wish and they may fly their entries all afternoon. However, only the best three times of any one entry will be counted. Because this is the case, club officials advise that, since the obtaining of three good time trials for a model takes considerable time, entries should be limited to two or three
models.
The Aei’omodellers Club, sponsors of this meet, is for the benefit of those students who build and are inteiested in flight models. The club itself is open to all students with an active interest in flying and non-flying model airplanes. Meetings are held on alternate Wednesdays at 7:30 in Room 80 of the Un-
daydreaming. Consequently the - - - , . , , , . - , gremlins were kept so busy those officers working with local, Jounty jaunts up and down in front of Cary
and state supeimtendents, can in- ^^all yesterday were confronted by
voke.”
Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the University’s division of education and applied psychology and also national head of the Victory Farm
suffer. If anyone writes a test soon Volunteers, speaking before last and the answers are mysteriously evening’s session of the conference changed between the time the paper devoted to consideration of farm is handed in and the time it is cor- labor problems, said, “One gain
rected, they will know where the that may be wrong from the hot goats who apparently were in- , blame lies. Pits of total war is a more realistic terested in the goings on, so that {JmiCtOn ISU
appreciation of the facts of agri- troubles were multiplied.
CC Cjl_|;i: culture on the part of the city.” With a little quick thinking he tt dtSfr KGTUrnS rfOUd J J J 4.1. 4, (imi. 11. 1. J. then gave the carry on signal to M .. He added that “The labor short- ,, 4.i. jj.? . Summer Conyenlion aee on the farm is our chance for sergeant, who ordered forward
Dr. D. D. Ewing, Professors R. P. the city and the country really to ^orrenga, Siskind, R. H. George and J. H. .-.i- cumvented. and Margaret Young.
men and women and University attidents of the campus a chance to ineet and mingle with each other, and “no dates” dancing will be in order in the South ballroom; hbtvever, couples only will be admitted tOf the North ballroom, and cutting will be frowned upon there. jProviding music will be fiarry Reed in one ballroom and a collection of the remaining Maury Malm’s men in the other ballroont. SThe RCA, Curtiss-Wright and "Wright Field girls, the army, navy and marines and all University students
may enter free.
Second In Series Of Programs The entire evening's entertainment, including the dance which iR sponsored by the Student Union, is second in a series of weekly ^ograms for week end entertainn|ent. Tickets for the Music Hall program are 44 cents and are obtainable at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building, the west/deAk of the Union, the Musical Organiab-
This is also a club workshop, office in the Music HaU. Pl^.
which members are entitled to use
at any time.
. . . national home economics honorary, announces the pledging of Harriet Beyer, Eunice Christen-
Karr, members of the Electrical Engineering staff have returned after attending the summer convention of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers in Cleveland, Ohio. Dr. Ewing and Professor George are members of A.I.E.E. National committees and Piofessor Sisking took part in a conference session on the teaching of ultra-high-frequency techniques.
No Honesty Booklets? . . . Hundreds Of Bewildered V-12ers Registered Monday For New Term
By W. B. Wendell Crowded with bewildered humanity, the lower foyer of the Music Hall presented an unusual appearance Monday, as the V-12ers registered for the first Service term. Beautiful hunks of men, the cream of the nation’s Colleges, physically, wandered from desk to desk in the usual manner collecting class card^, “railroad tickets”, and the usual pai'aphernalia. At the end of the ordeal each student was presented with the task of filling 'out five schedule cards but were not handed copies of the Rules and regulations of the University and the honesty book which makes up a large pait of the sciap collected after each semester’s regis-
tration. Registration Held In Music Hall The registration, which began at 8 Monday morning,-'Continued until supper time in a heat which was not noticeable in the air conditioned Music Hall lobby, but which was quite intense on the second floor of the administratiofi building where the filling out part of the proceedings took pldce. As all seats in the administration building were taken up, the V-12ers overflowed onto any stair steps they could find while a number of them overflowed onto the comparative coolness of the administration building steps. A regular student was as scarce
as a hen’s tooth at the proceedings so that all jobs had to be handled by the faculty members, giaduate students and administration staff
members.
Dean Knapp was seen everywheie, answering questions incessantly. Platoons of V-12ers inarched up to the doors of the Music Hall every now and then, broke off, and dived into the melee. Students sprawled all over the sidewalk filling out cards. Somebody said they thought they saw a coed, but it must have been a mirage. Thus the fourth registration of the present term took place and the 1200 or so students began their college life at the University.
get together.
Help Farmers Obtain Labor School officials, county agricultural agents, emergency farm labor assistants, farmers, and volunteer farm labor placement helpers were complimented by J. B. Kohlmeyer, Purdue, state supervisor of the emergency farm labor program in Indiana, “for the excellent way they have met the challenge in recent weeks in getting farmers sufficient help to plant and haivest crops.” He revealed the fact that more than 1000 faim labor placements are being made every week. During the program, discussions led by Rev. John W. Findley of West Lafayette; a forum on education participated in by state leaders of educational work; and a talk on gardening by W. B. Ward, of the University Horticultuial Department were heard. Home made games weie explained by F. L. McReynolds, of the University, while Albeit P. Stewart discussed “Making More of Music in the Rural Community.” Prof. O. F. Hall of the University served as general head of the conference.
Notice
Civilian students who have changed their local places of residence during the last few weeks are requested to call at the Registrar’s office after Monday and give their new addresses. Important mail addressed in care of the University is often held up for lack of this information. —RALPH B. STONE,
Registrar.
shop business office in Fowler Hall, Deac’s, Southworth’s, Glata’s and
Decker’s. Notice
Convocation featnrinf Hettiy Scott, pianist-humorist, has tieen postponed from July 10 to July
23.
—GUNN.
Iodine, Witch-Hazel, Ice Water... Junior Nurse's Aide Reveals Alt I ;< Concerning Work In Local Hospitils
By Margarqt Baynes Spreading joy, sunshine, and cough syiup among the patients at St. Elizabeth and Home hospitals are 30 University coeds who spend three hours n week, under the imposing title of “Junior Nurse’s Aide”, in patting flowers and meekly following white gowned figures about at one of the hospitals. The work, however, consists of much more than patting fevered bi ows and soothing white coverlets. This is how a typical three hours is spent. Serves Dinner To Patients On first entering St. Elizabeth Hospital, we were overcome with awe and iodine fumes; when we came to we found ourselves on third main (Translation: thiid floor, main con idor) with a dinner tray in either hand and a nurse propelling us fiom behind. Tip-toeing into the room, we threw the trays at the patients, screamed “Eat” and stalked out, feeling extremely noble. The next few minutes we whipped expertly from room to loom, removing floweis, breaking glasses, wiping
dishes, sciubbing flooi's, sterilizing medicine glasses and theimometeis, making beds, beaming on patients, and stubbing our toe. i Aides Have 'Varied Duties The rest of the evening we an-^ swered lights, issued ice-water, stared at a real nurse’s aide visited the children’s ward (we hated to leave), discussed life with a Navy wife and the merits of pansies over persimmons with an elderly lady, and felt noble. In between these job^, we found time to visit the patients one by one. Most fascinating was Emma in 316. Emma was ageless, being anywhere fiom 100 to 200, and she hated nurses. She tweaked their glasses off, refused to eat, and found comfort in muttering “You dirty hound” over and over. Emma, The Ageless Patient We approached her timidly with a dinner tray, and she sci earned tenderly “You dirty hound”. We said reproachfully, “Why Emma, don’t you know me”; she gazed a moment, and thinking she should, answered, “Yeth” (no teeth).
“Are you going to eat for uk” “Yeti)” - , So, with Emma muttering ctmtinually, we fed her tea and tOa^t,/ and just started on the potato when a nuise stuck her head in the door. Emma immediately removed the potato from her mouth, screamed, “You dirty hound”, and refused to eat another bite. We left. Dr. Kildare Influences Aide At this point a voice came boom' ing over the loud-speaket ih a loud-speaker in a thidlling “Callh)^ Dr. Jones” manner. We traced Uie cord and weie ready to shout “GaBing Dr. Kildare” when a firm hand descended on our shoulder. By the time we made oian||e juice, washed the medicine enbinet and soiled linens, all was quiet in the hospital. The head nurse ing two black bands on her el^jlo indicate superiority) dismissed US with a resounding “YOU huve WOU the war, my child. I’ll teach you many more little jobs nOJtfe'wifto’Mt We followed the last of the 'vitib* ors down stairs, strangled 309, and walked proudly hpmev^d —still smelling of witch-haael.BIHHHIBIiSfi
fci#
;Y’.
Purdu& Exponent Wednesday,
^d^due Exponent Officet: Ediforial and Businesi Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sporti, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 ^ Edirorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377 irasr Editor. William G. Hoskins Editor....^.* Dale E. Butz Beiincn lianacer Gerhard H. Klooman With the Colors
osiness ManaKer............... .'eHntne ttanaRer rt* Editor— dEdftoir. :
Robert W. Boawinkle Mary Dilts .aaliy BeallBonaid E.’Erewer A. Jane Keira Joseph S. Dawson Jean Lauer
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Assotiate Editors; H. B. Abbett, C. C. Marlindell, E. F. Murphjr, W. H. Tyson, W. L. Vermilion. C. J. Wilbur. C«M Staff; Ruth Ford, Madelyn Grotnes, Katherine Howes, fporta Staff: R. M. Lipea, R. J, Smith, C. E. Sowar.ds, ^ Business Staff Alilstant Advertislnsr Manager; C. I,. Gaunt, t^yont Director: J. B. Tabb.. ^eolation Manager: R. G. Sauerman. The Purdue Independent B«tor-in-Chlef ;...Bert Sqnler Staff For This Issue light Editor Howes Sports Editor: Smith ‘ir Editor: Grotnes Issue Editors: Ford, Vermilion Reporters: Baynes, Steffes, GcorKcson. Hablas, Woerner, Mpirsolis.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafaygtte. Indiana, under the act ot Congress of March 8, 1879^ ilia' at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, get of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. ' Fnhlished on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday tnornings fluripg the year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily • hy carrier for $1.25 for a semester: by mail for $l.b0 for a aemester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office.or at the .West Desk of the Union; .... Represented for national advertising by! National Advertls- • ioh» Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Mfedisoii AVe., New York, N. Y.
VUMON
rm u. s.pAt.ort.
By DREW/p'lEARSOH
Wallace Blasts Jesse Jones Aft^r Permission From FD; Report New Cut In Germany's Meat Ration
Xhe Ratio,
I
TWISTING THE THOItN—or—THE TRUTH Mt/ST OUT The wraths of the descended upon this unhappy office following the edition of a mirthful little item concerning Chi O’s Sheets Taylor and Ginny Mart|n, and Kappa Bfetty Wedge. But who are we to question the
WASHINGTON-Real inside fact. about 'the row inventive genioUs of a fun-loVing,’ diffbodicdl U. U-, who by a mei-C twist- , T T A \7- Wolineo wnc. ^ng of detail evolved that Unhappy anecdote. But now it seems that these between Jesse Jones and Vice President Wallace was V , , , ,. .i. , , „ ., , , J .• three morose young ladies are being shunned by their friends, receiving
that the Vice President cleared his vitriolic statement ^
with his chief in the White House before hurling it
the stoney stare, and in general living id great trenibling under the multi-
, „ 1. n « tude of arched eyebrows: and-so the true facts must.now he told; the ifnattie lesi en s ecie ary o omme ce. pression was made that this lithesome threesome ,were frequently to ibe Actually, the Presidenr aid not see the pi ess release g^gj^ .j,j^g gyjj, Avalon since the Blazer no longer catered to the younger which the Vice President prepared for the newspa- actually they appeared in that sinister den only once—and pers. But he did know all about it. Henry went to jjgg^ygg y-jjgy were dragged there by their very wigs by their three see him on Saturday, June 2(3, and told,him in detail jjy ^jj^j-gg thought the entire adventure a lovely lark indeed. The how he had labored patiently with JOnes and how gj-ugaders arrived;at 9 o’clock, and,-after an uneVentfuPhalf-hour, left, month after month,.Jesse had held back-and quibbled -jggjjjjg decidedly let down. NOW, is everybody, happy?, Editorts NoteV over details. We don’fbelievO, it. : - v ’ 1 v '
The Vice President also told his chief how Jesse , .
had been up on Capitol Hill lobbying with Senators to try to undercut the President’s own order making the Board of Economic Warfare supreme over Jesse Jones in ordering strategic materials abroad. He told how he had exercised all sorts of patience, but believed the only thing to do was to blast Jesse
publicly.
. The President listened, gave the Vice President the
green light.
Wallace also sent him statement to the Office of War Information before giving it to the press. He followed all the rules meticulously. The Office of War Information even sent the statement on to the
SAME OLD STUFF Beta Bob Pitcher Catching his pin on a high fly to left center from old batting cronie, Lura Roberson, Theta pledge, threw it into ,home-plate\ Where Chi 0.Ginny Ritchie;was thd joyous recipient. Friends of theihappy couple are expressing the fond hope that this last maneuver will Complete the circuit. The Betas are chalking up quite a batting average in the Chi O League. . . : ,
Hon. spy report food shortage in U. S. so severe, people eating
^x^nation Needed t We’ve been talking to some students who W;Dnder why they’re paying a $5 Union fee, of^er %an that the University catalogue specifi^Uy: states that an activity fee .of $9' ($5 f0]t, Union) will be paid by all students every s^pester and that Cashier Hollesbe always has his helpers at the end of the last lap in rejiistration ready to collect the five. it is pointed out to us that no student gets anything from the Union that any outsider can’t- get, and the outsider doesn’t suffer the inconvenience of paying the student fee. One WQuld conclude that because the Union exists foT the purpose of serving its members and the students, the Union could offer some special privileges to the members and the students. As far as the students are concerned these privileges are mostly negative. Besides contributing $5 for the Union’s support every seniester, each student who uses the Union’s eating and recreational facilities discovers that the forty thousand people who flock to the one hundred short courses and conferences every normal year make eating a noon-time meal or finding an untaken bowling alley many times almost an impossibility. A solution might be to have special prices for students, perhaps in the forms of student mdal tickets, etc. As a special courtesy to students who regularly eat in the Union, except When the convention throngs crowd them out, certain tables might be reserved for them. The special rates for students also should apply to the billiard room and bowling allies. ,If there is a justification for the $5 Union fee, we’re sure the confused students would like to hear it; otherwise, they’ll continue to wonder.—r.w.b.
And while lingering on this pin routine, nobody has gotten around to mention a small Alpha Chi Rho-Pi Beta Phi merger that went on last week sometime, with Jo Hart and Glenn Earl as the coefficients. Speaking of arrows (well, you know—cupids-bows, etc., etc.,) that was
White House with its OK, before it was published, a R'ce gesture on the part of the Pi Phis, who spent three exciting eve- cats—many wives complain husband COme home to dinthough it was sent merelji for White House informa- '^gsi-oaming from fraternity house to fraternity house to croon sweetly ^ ner with SOUr puSS.”
to the boys before their subsequent eviction. Nice work, gals. More of
the sororities should give themselves similar workouts ; the-Kappas got . ■—-——7—— ^ —— ———— as far as an alley serenade with their back-neighbors, the ATOs. more odd-jobs which men enlisten- Brooklyn college has disclosed
tion. The President did not read it in advance. Note; Wallace has cooperated with the President in almost every move he has made since 1940. The two men work as a team. Wallace even consulted the President before issuing a' statement blasting Martin
ing are leaving. The Indiana Daily plans for a four-week summer ses-
Alpha Chi Anne Bradley has invaded the Reamer ranks with a heavy Student tells of the first cv-ed caiil- sion in which city bicd students
* . , ^ ^ J.!..... ^-P TTv»i.- xxrill- Ivo^nratjT hir /Inv fiiifl nr-
lonneuE in the history of the Uni-
Dies, and he didnt’ have to be a mind-reader to have crash (no physiological illusion intended). She was seen at the convo _ ou • i-w v t-w
accompanied by Art Barab with Bert Squier bringing up the rear for Ruth Iv. mas, moral support. But since that time, Miss Bradley has come to the eonclu- sophomore in the Schoo o oinr, fVicif clio /.an cn/intr Vint* nwn an/l fiinc! l/itivino* IVTt ftnnifi-,. knl/lino" flin WhO climbs the Iclddei stuilS eaC
to the tower in the Student Building and carries on I. U.’s
known how little FDR loved the Dies Committee.
Capital Chaff
will harvest crops by day and at-
tend classes at nigliti
There was a time when you had to come from Harvard and live east of the Allegheny Mountains to get ahead of the State Department. But now the State Department has just appointed as American Minister to Iraq, efficient Loy Henderson, born in Arkansas, reared in Kansas and son of a midwest preacher. He knows what it is to know the U. S. A.—as well as the Near East. . . . Rives Matthews, the Maryland editor who was indicted for criminal libel because he exposed a state official for driving to Georgia for his son’s wedding, has been deluged with so much congratulatory mail he can’t answer it all. He even got advertisements for his paper ribbing Maryland politicos on their waste of gasoline. . . . Inside reports from Spain indicate that hatred and bitterness is seething against Dictator Franco, the man put into office by Hitler and: MusSolini with the tacit blessing of our reactionary diplpmatic clique. Chester Davis For Vice President
sion that she can swing her own end, thus leaving Mr. Squier holding the apron strings. '^g
In the meantime, sister Mary Lou Fairman has once again tossed her- canies on self into the yawning sea, for she is no longer wearing Woody Arm- tradition of Hail tq Old . . six strong's Phi Psi pin. Or was that Army Lt. too much for her?. mornings a week. , ■ : —E-p— ' ./ ■
A method for dodging PE has been'found by eds at Alabama Polytechnic Institute. Bob Snow had the solution. He graduated early and joined the reserves. His brothers wondered at the sudden action, but
Two University of Kentucky sophomores are financing their education as professional magicians.
Kappa Flossie Hogstrom has miraculously emerged from her casing of ice to become engaged to Delta Tau Delta's Bill Shelhoni, who is now in the Air Corps, leaving six unattached summer-term Kappas.
A PRIVATE IN DEKE’S CLOTHING
’Twas a simpering Saturday evening, and: a handful of Thetas, having
nothing better to do, settled themselves at a comfy little, table in the ceased to wonder when they dis-
covered that he had failed to attend PE the required number of times and had failed to make up the classes he had missed. However PE notices to make up his cCits or else followed him even after graduation.
Two thousand six hundred newly designed seagoing radios will be placed aboard new Maritime Commission vessels, and ships under the control of War Shipping Administration. This type of radio, unlike standard receiving sets, does not help enemy vessels locate the ship which carries it, but will make it possible for men in America’s merchant marine to hear domestic pro-
grams.
Blazer. Now it happens that thei’e were a group of lonely soldiers in the same, who likewise had nothing much to do. This sad plight was true of one little private than any of the others because he had never been to college, and it was all very mystifying. It was only natural that he .should want to make friends with those gay young things at the table over there, but he didn’t quite have the right approach. So he sought
the sage advice of bar-hound, Bill Clemens, who solemnly mapped out Oi' ^Ise what, everyone is wonder-
It didn’t figure in the main reasons for the White the following snappy scheme: go up to the one on the end and explain big. House firing of Food Czar Chester Davis, but the that you are a DKE from Dartmouth, that you once had your pin on a
talk about Davis’ vice presidential ambitions didn’t Theta, and that now you, are very lonesome, would you mind. . . . This Oiie of the newest women’s auxil- ~ ~ help him any. sterling approach was made, and everything went along beautifully iary groups is the WEEDS, formed '^be faculty of Northwestern One trouble with Davis seems to be that he’s srait- until a quarter to twelve at which time the little soldier was obliged to at Illinois Institute of Technology. , University numbered 500 in 1922, ten with a virulent ease of vice-presidentitis. Friends take his leave, which departure was painful indeed, and there were sighs It stands for Women’s Emergency as compared to 1,480 last year.
and hand-claspings and promises to write, and the girls went home that Engineering Drafting Society, night after a very stimulating evening having enriched the life of a poor ___ and lonely soldiei. But theie is still more to be told; and I’ll bet you would The -war department has released not believe That poor little private has a wife and two k-ids, would you, a list of 119 colleges which have
A time-honored campus privilege —sorority house serenading—has beei/rationed; at University of Illi-
nois.
A. E. Minnick .. University graduate and former assistant director of jjei'sonnel for the Indiana and Michigan Electric Company, South Bend, Ind., has been jiromoted to ,the rank of Major in the Signal Corps.
Richard W. Lindahl .V . was recently given his wings as a pilot in the Army Air Forces. Lt. Lindahl was graduated from the-Advanced Flying School at Twner Field, Albany, Georgia. MDhlon E. Ricks , . private first class in the U. S. Marine Corps, who was graduated from the University in January, is now attending officers’ candidate school. He has broken all records for shooting with a Garand rifle, scoring 328 out of a possible 340. This mark exceeded by three points the highest score pieviously made with this gun. '
say he is bitten bad, fancies himself as an independent, mid-west, farmers’ candidate for the vice pi'esidency
next year.
Chester is definitely on the outs with the two other vice, presidential possibilities. He and Vice President Wallace used to be close friends.- For years Davis served under Henry when he was Secretary of Agriculture. But after he became food czar, Davis did not set foot in Wallaces’ office. Other potential possibility is Jimmy Byrnes, with whom Davis has rowed constantly. Although a Democrat, Davis served for a Republican Administration in Montana when he was Commissioner of Agriculture and Marketing in 1921-26. Later he served under ardent Republican farm leader Earl Smith in Illinois. So maybe Chester is ambidextrous and can run on either ticket. Anyway a lot of Republican.s are for him since he has been causing sO much grief to FDR. Lamont For Lew Douglas Thomas W. Lamont, wealthy Morgan partner, received a call the other day from a Washington official who is a friend of Lew Douglas, War Shipping Administrator. The talk turned to a recent report that Douglas was being- groomed for Vice President on the Republican ticket. “If you ask me,” said Lamont, “I think Lew should be a candidate not for Vice President, but for Presi-
dent!”
No German Sausage The diplomats’ gfapevipe reports that the German food supply is riming low. A new ciit has been made in the meat ration. This, coming at a time when the greatest muscle must be exerted in defense of the Vaterland, is expected to be a severe blow to German
morale.
The basic ration of meat for normal uses was 400 gi'ams at this time last year. But now the ration has been cut to 250 grams—which is about half a pound per week, including fat and bone. An effort is being
Flea ? (For fui'ther verification see B. Clemens, Pres. INTRiGUES, been approved as pre-aviation cadet
training centei’s.
P. S. Sheldon Watson, former Exponent junior sports editor, and Elaine —^^————— Anthony have taken the next to the last plunge. Engagement, we mean.
and reminded them that the apparatus was to be used and not
looked at.
Great -was his embarrassment when the group broke to reveal a captain in the center instructing
Ernest A. Buenting ;'. : fbrmer University student, has received his commission as a Second Lieutenant in the Ai-my Air Fapies at Turner Field, Albany, Georgia. Turner FieW,, an Advanced Flying School, is one of a group of ajr bases which composes the Army Air Forces Southwest Training Center. John R. Hurley -. /former University student, recently received his bd^bardier wings upon graduation from the Kirtland School, Albuquerque, New Mexico. Dwihg bis training, Lt. Hurley was given a special intffflBified course in “dead reckoning” navigation w9iicH enables him to direct a plane to its objective as well dit drop the bomb loud.
who are trying to do their duty The following incident was reported in The Plainsman, voice of Alabama Polytechnic Institute. A group of trainees were seen by a zealous second lieutenant loitering around the parallel bars on the
, ^ , .. . . . , apparatus field. The lieutenant demade to compensate tins i^duc ion by the subst.tu- ^^at .orders were being dis-
tion ol cheese and groats (hulled and crushed oats or ^ wheat). During the winter, however, it was reduced to 300 grams. In the spring the cut was partially restored, when the ration was moved up to 360 grams, recognizing the necessity of more nourishment with the coming of the season of greater military activity.
Churchill The Prophet'
Students of air power have dug up an old statement and explaining the piece, of Winston Churchill’s, written in 1917, which reveals —E-P— an amazing foresight in the possibilities and limita- The Oklahoma Daily reports of tions of aerial bombing. one Ora Hennon of Hudson house, As everybody knows, the Nazi blitz against England, Vancouver, Washington, who was intended to terrorize the people, failed in its objective, given a ten dollar fine recently. He On th(f other hand, the more scientific bombing of the was described by Acting Sergeant continent by the RAF and AAP—strategic bombing— Ed Mayo as being incoherently, is now expected to bring Hitler to his knees. staggeringly, obnoxiously inebriChurchill seemed to foresee both of these develop- ated. Ten dollar words meaning
ments when he said in a paper on Air Power, written drunk, in 1917, that nothing we know about warfare can lead us to believe that bombing for terror alone can cause
such a morale collapse as to force a major nation to ple around the University of Oklasue for peace. homa have been complaining that Churchill emphasized that air power must single they ^can hardly walk across the out and attack transportation, factories, and other campus without having their sense enemy instaHatiun, upon which the enemy war- of propriety disturbed. After remaking ability depends. marking that the quoted persons (See MERRY-GO-ROUND, page 4) were prudes, the Daily goes on to
say that the romancing in public is the mildest in six summers."Army trainees cannot get amorous on the campus and when the naval trainees arrive they will be forbidden to display any affection in puiilic. And aside from these men there are few others here to take part in such goings on.” Ah cold, cruel world.
-E-iv-/'
An oderiferous incident on the Iowa State campus concerns one John L. Holmes who went gunningin the middle of the night. “He got his game but a pungently familiar Oder floated around the campus for quite a while. Bluntly, skunk”, reports the Iowa State Student.
—E-P—
Before the. dirty work begins,
seem to be happening to officers pledges of Lambda Chi Alpha were
given, a party by their new brothers at Louisiana State University recently. Suitable to young minds, lemonade, animal crackers and lolli-
pops were served.
—E-P—
Women are taking over more and
Embarassing incidents always
Starring PM O’BRIEN RANDOLPH soon:
-E-P—
Again from the Daily. Townspeo-
LUMA - LAST Times Today -
PLUS-SECOND HIT
ARC
— LAST TIMES TODAY —
— ALSO — "ADVENTURES OF SMILIN' |ACK NO. 2" — PLUS — COLOR CARTOON
— LAST TIMES TODAY —
LEE ROBEUT DESI BOWMAN - WALKER • ARNA2
J<)<
t f < f
Wedriesdciy, July 7, 1943
Purdue Exponent
p0§^A
Ross
■ IIP ’
4 u • *
five movie shorts of the entertain-
ing variety.
Sports Shorts
University Entertains Service Men In Music Hall Variety Show Includes Community, Coed, Instructor Entertainers ii I Two full hours of entertainment were provided at a special evening of variety shows for service men exclusively last Saturday night at the Music Hall. The show was planned under the direction of Prof. H. K. Carmichael by the University committee which has as its purpose the planning for the amuse-
ment of armed' forces on the campus during the latter’s
spare time.
A general “let down” community sing was first directed by A. P. Stewart. The Music Hall restmndecl with the strains of “Hail Purdue”, “Anchors Aweigh” and the Marine Hymn lustily sung by abo.ut a thousand men. This was followed by a “bouncing-ball”
movie short.
Local Talent Presented The second part of the program was a variety show of local talent. Glenn Wright and his seven piece band, representing the community, and Betty Wedge, representing the coeds, presented several popular numbers. Ilaftc and Scanlon, representing the instructors, did a tumbling routine and work on the
high bar.
The Naval Training school contributed a specialty act with Seamen Ericson and Kippe doing a nice .rob on the guitar and trumpet, and Seaman Thompson tap dancing in true sailor fashion. Captain Watt, a member of,the Chilean army and attached to the Chilean embassy in the United States, played two groups of South American numbers on the piano. Boxing Exhibition Chief Loft of the Naval Training school conducted and discussed an exhibition bout of boxing performed by the electrical students. This was followed with a tap dance routine by Gail Watson of Allen’s Dancing School; all the numbers were tied together by the orchestra. Jim Westover later played several numbers on the or-
gan.
The third part of the program was taken up with the showing of
P^qgeojjjsPgfi^fgt^gmeHospMv.iT Tf.i„ees ExDertetl
f8 Trustees ^ Trainees Expected
The will of the late David E. Ross, former President of -the University Board of Trustees,
had haitted the 'Purdue! ReddafeH'Eourfdfltkjn as the chief b^heficiary, it was made public when
the will WEls filed'for prdbate'attthb-bffide'ofithie county'Clerk last Friday.
The bulk of the RofeS esthtesWHieh'ltotalb approximately !$1,564,000 will be used for re- hope for a successful football season next fall was substantially search, either alon^ With "or! separate if^opi the'/X-Jl fuhd which was established by Mr. Ross increased. The squad, that has been pared down to a single
To Increase Grid Tedm ' With the arrival of the 1,250 Navy and Marine V-12 trainees.
frun! liii
many years ago to provide a retirement fund for members of the University faculty and was later converted into a re-
search fund.
Other bequests made by Mr. Eoss include a farm of 138.16 acres in.Wea township to the Home Hospital; the Eoss office building at 308
A 'j- ’A'ijt -AT -A'^ <‘.V- 1 Main Street and his Lafayette resiAccording to Col. Donald M. Beere, commandant, 925 sol- ^ence at 506 S. 7th Street to Anna diers will comprise the 1545th Service Unit of the Army Spe- Margaret Eoss Alexander of indi-
nir mpostsoi
Lt. Col.. Edward H. Hicks To Command Eirsf Battal^BA^of iServfce l/lft
Life Qf A Golfer Presents Problems
To Beginners
Eoy Stille, baseball pitcher; A1 cialized Training Program which will start actual class work anapolis, Gladys Eoss Diamond of By jyiary Wendell Wolf, track man, qualified as sharp- at the University Monday, July 12. ' Lafayette, Eleanor Eoss Burns, of Imagine playing golf with the shooters on the marine range at | Headquarters have been established at Cary Hall, southwest, Indianapolis, and Eleanor Eoches- Jjgjp of goats, a pony, PE-12 Urban, football tackle; and Irvin . ^ . . officers and 14 non-COmmissioned men of Lafayette all of whom f},e marines and the navy. It Parris Island, S. C. . . .two other ^ sid,ii oi aiiny oiuceit, anu non commissioneu men an-andchildren of Mr. Tfnsa’s , , . ...
Iowa ex-athletes, Tom Farmer, will be in charge of unit
— - uncle; 2000 dollars each to Linn C.
halfback and second baseman; and administration, messfacilities, Jewett, Battery C (3516th Service Ross and Eleanor’ Ross Baird, Ben Trickey,„quarterback, forward, housing and discipline under Unit.) cousins; 320 acres of land in White
and third baseman, won the rank of
marksmen.
Harold Manders, pitcher on the Iowa baseball team of 1937, will return to the Hawkeye diamond Sunday to hurl for the Adel semi-pro team against the Pre-flight Seahawks. . .Manders played only one year of college ball. . . since then he spent IV2 seasons with the Detroit Tigers and 3% in minor leagues. He is now on the voluntary retired list. . .as an Iowa pitcher his greatest feat was holding Notre Dame
to one hit.
Special permission will be given next fall for Iowa City’s two girl sports editors to cover the Hawkeye home games from the stadium’s working press box. . .it will be necessary to abrogate the rule of no women in this box because of the current situation. . incidentally, Dolores Rielly of the Daily Iowan and Claire Mosely of the Iowa City Press-Citizen are turning out good
sport pages.'
Two Hawkeye football “I” men have been ordered into active training with armed forces reserves at other colleges. . . Bill Parker, allconference end, is at St. Ambrose college in Davenport as a navy trainee, while Edsel Schweizer, quaiteiback, is a marine at Purdue.
the general direction of Col. Beere. Lt. Col. Edward H. Hicks has been appointed commanding officer of the First Battalion of the 1545th Service Unit, with Lt. Col. Robert B. Riordan, Adjutant of the regular ROTC, and Capt. Glenn L. Brown, supply officer, serving in the same capacity for the ASTP. Other offi-
Fast-Moving Schedule County to Anna Margaret Ross The army men, all of whom have Alexander, Gladys Ross Diamond, completed basic training with mili- n^nd Eleanor Ross Burns; and 10,000 tary units in the field, are launched dollars to Eleanor Rochester Baird,
on a fast-moving schedule the moment they arrive at Lafayette. First, assignments to batteries and barracks are made. Then follow placement of equipment, drawing of bedding, mess, processing for curricular assign-
daughter of Eleanor Ross Baird.
Leaves Funds For Sister
Stipulations in the will require that the Purdue Research Foundation give Mrs. Mary G. Studham, a
letterman, is expected to be increased by these trainees* that
begin classes today.
Although Coach Elmer Burnham does not plan to call tiie
- initial gridiron meeting until early next week when it will ’ be possible to make a full survey of gridiron possibilities, a preliminary survey of the sai*lors and marines assigned to the University indicates that tnere will be considerable gridiron talent, notably from Illinois and Missouri, which will be eligible for competition on the Boilermaker- Varsity this fall providing there is no eonflict with the training program.
Illinois Group Here
The service group assigned here from Illinois includes Alex Agase, All-American guard; John Genis, captain-elect and tackle; Mike Kasap, husky tackle, and Ton Butkovich, fullback, all lettertnen, along with Jack Butt and Marvin Clatt, reserve tackles, and Frank' Bauman, and Joe Buscemi, ends on last
hesitSte to say just how much aid
was rendered.
The setting was the University practice course, about eight yesterday morning. Everything began in a perfectly ordinary manner, the balls went into the weeds, and quite a bit of time was spent looking for them. There were nice deep furrows
(they would do credit to any victory fall's freshman eleven.
garden) left in the wake of,nearly every five iron shot. The greens
cers concerned with administration ments, an “orientation” lecture by
of the units include Capt. Bernard F. Johnson, battalion executive and training officer; 2nd Lt. Ralph A. Layford, classification and testing officer; 2nd Lt. Richard G. Fisher, assistant adjutant and personnel officer, and 2nd Lt. Leonard Navarra, supply officer, 1545th Service
Unit.
Split Into Four Batteries
f f were decidedly on the wet side. The
10,000 dollars a year for the rest of her life as she may desire and
the battery commander, physical examination at the Student Health Service, a “get-acquainted” tour of the University campus, notification of rules and regulations, and completion of certain personnel data, including a religious preference card. Will Hold 12-Week Terms The Army curriculum, which
From the standpoint of military calls for intensive 12-week terms,
organization, the ASTP group will be split up into four batteries of approximately 260 men each. Capt. Harold N. Johnson will serve as commanding officer of Battery B; Capt. James M. Howard, Battery C; Lt. Charles A. McFadden, Battery A, and Lt. Martin L. Underwood, Battel y D. Other officers assigned to batteries include Lt. Verlin M. Wann, Battery D; Lt. Samuel Naismith, Battery B; and Lt. H. S.
with an interval of one week between terms, will be administered by the regular University staff. The
Susan N. Sullivan, the Ross housekeeper, lOO^dollars a month for the rest of het life. A request was made by Mr. Ross that not more than 30 per cent of the income from the bequest to the Purdue Research Foundation be used for administration and overhead expenses. Wills Book And Cartoon To Board Two landscapes by Robert Grafton, a book, “A Purdue Tribute to David Edward Ross” by Bruce
ball kicked up a fine spray as it rolled along toward (but not into)
the cup.
Almost Brings Disaster
A large V-12 delegation from Missouri includes several members of the Big Six championship eleven of the past two seasons, including Leo Milla, tackle and fullback; Keith Parker, fullback; Jimmy Darr, halfback who was the relief
Drives for the second hole almost man for Bob Steuber; Befnie
brought disaster to a pony contentedly munching grass outside the fence of the pasture. He was evidently used to women golfers because this nax'row escape didn’t
Pepper, All Big Six tackle, and Ed Gerker, blocking back, along with several reserves. Cycenas Returns ^ In common with most instiiu-
seem to bother him much. The third ■■ tions, the normal playing roster
, .,, , , Rogers which was presented by the
Purdue Alumni Association in 1938 to Mr. Ross, and a cartoon by John T. McCutcheson presented at the same time were willed to the Uni-
versity Board of Trustees.
THE SCENE CHANGES
SPREADING THE NEWS TOOK MONTHS
UNTIL THE EXPONENT WAS BORN
NOW YOU CAN GET
ALL THE UP-T-O-THE-MINUTE NEWS OF THE CAMPUS I CALL 4005 AND ASK FOR THE PURDUE EXPONENT
of 500 trainees in the basic course, which covers work that starts at the college freshman level; 300 in the advanced course, which covers academic work that begins at the second half of the sophomore year, and 125 in psychology. Engineering courses to be offered here will include mechanical, electrical, chemi-
cal and civil.
The number of terms in the program varies for each course. There are three 12-week terms, roughly nine calendar months, -in the basic, and from one to four 12week terms in the advanced course, depending on the course of study. In general, it is expected
hole was completed uneventfully. The second time we played the first hole, the steady “1, 2, 3, 4” from the new service men (either sailors or marines, we haven't decided yet) drilling on the intramural field filled the air. Anyone who has never tried swinging a golf club to a military rhythm has
has been riddled by service calls. Out of a holdover contingent of 15 major lettermen from laatfalLwhe under normal conditions would provide the nucleus for the 1943 eleven, Ed Cycenas, right halfback from Chicago, 111., now a Navy V-l2 trainee here, is the loUe inatrf%-> maining on the campus. Despite the unusual personnel situation, Bum-
the
no idea of what he is missing. We
The estate is comprised of 1,430,- -were doing so badly it didn’t really ham is banking on freshmen, newly ^ 000 dollars of personal property niajje much difference, though. Two turned sophomores, and the gridand 134,000 dollars of real prop- Bitle goats who escaped from the iron possibilities of the V-12 train-
pasture evidently thought we were hopeless because they marched right up to the ball and were all
Personnel Notes ready to have it^^for breakfast, or
whatever goats eat at that time of
the morning.
Definite improvement was shown on the next two holes, and when we teed off for the last time around, we felt rather proud of bur-
Companies scheduled to visit the
campus:
Aluminum Company of America . July 7 and 8. Interested in Ch. E.,
that a soldier will move from term selves. There is a proverb about material and the newcomers to
ees to provide material for strenuous 1943 campaign.
Practice July 15
Burnham plans to start the newly authorized four-week suminer term drill on July 15. The summer drill will, of necessity, be in the nature of a “get-acquainted” session as the Boilermaker coaching staff takes inventory of available
to term to the completion of his course. However, Lt. Col. Hicks points out, that all trainees are subject to call to other active duty at
all times.
Recommendations Made At the end of every 12-week term, a soldier can be recommended
nel Office before 4 P. M. Tuesday, going before a fall though,
and it still holds.
Shell Oil Company-July 9. In- Interested Audience
terested in M.E. only. Sign in Personnel Office before 4 P. M. Thurs-
day, July 8.
Liaster-Kauffmann Aircraft
By the time we got to the green on the first hole for the third time, we had an audience of either sailors or marines. We put on a good show
Corp., St. Louis, Mo.—July 12. In- them, anyway, by messing up
for continuation in the ASTP, as4 terested in Ae.E., M.E., C.E, Sign gome shots. When that horrible hole
Personnel Office before 12 M.
Saturday, July 10.
The Clenn L, Martin Company, Baltimore, Md.—Date to be announced. Interested in August and December Ae.E., M.E., C.E., E.E,, P.S.E. Sign in Personnel Office before 4 P. M. Friday, July 2.
signment to Officer Candidate School, assignment to special col-
lege post-graduate work, or assign-
ment to other military duty. The soldier trainees will keep to a schedule that cglls for from 66 to 60 hours per week, including from 44 to 50 hours per week in class
room, laboratory, or prescribed
study, five hours per week of mili-
tary training, and six hours per week of physical conditioning un-
der the direction of the University department of physical education
for men.
Within the limitations of the heavy schedule and military discipline, all of the trainees will be accorded the same privileges as the regular student body. Week end liberty will be gi’anted from 3 o’clock each Saturday afternoon until 7:30
Sunday night.
About 600 of the Purdue group
have already reported. Five him- creational program for the benefit his indoctrination training at
The following company plans to visit the campus at a later date: Atlantic Refining Company, Philadelphia, Pa. Interested in
Chemists and Chemical Engineers, ly well, considering who was play
Please sign in the Personnel Office ing.
before Friday, July 9.
was over, a PE-12 class was going through its paces just about in the spot where our balls would have landed if we teed off from the sec-
ond hole.
Of course, if we were Bobby Jones or Patty Berg, our drives would probably have gone right over their heads. But being aware of our own ability (or lack of it) we didn’t take any chances. We teed
off behind the green.
The last two holes went over fair-
USO Plan$ Program For New Service Men A special entertainment and re-
Dutch Fehring Completes Indoctrination Training Ensign W. P. “Dutch” Fehring, Purdue baseball coach on leave for duty with the navy, has completed
dred of the soldiers will be housed |;jjg increased numbers of service in the southwest wing of Cary Hall, stationed on the campus and will have their meals at the gjiortly be inaugurated by the Hall. The remaining 425 will be University, it was learned at a rehoused in nine fraternities leased gg^t meeting of the USO.
Riveter uniforms adjust themselves to new team mates. Formal fall practice will’ be launched the week end of August 28, three weeks before the season’s opener with Great Lakes at the Naval Training Station. Mixed Doubles Teunis Tournament Plannitf
\
Annual All-Campus Mixed Doubles Tennis tourparaent] is about to get under way. Apyone ta the University may enter; it is not necessary to have a partney to on- j ter. All that is required is to sigp up either at the Field House or at the Women’s gym by Wednesday, July 14. Those desiring partner should signify choke of partner and if without a partner - sign up early and the committee will assign partners. WAA is sponsoring this tournament as usual and if any furfhep; information is needed call' Mr. - Clevitt, whose office is in the Field House, or Miss Bond, who is located in the Women's Gym. The games may be played on any court land then the result and scori# given to the WAA office and drait
the name of
for the purpose by the University and will take their meals at the
Memorial Union Building.
Car Owners May Call
For Gas Applications
Application forms for the new “A” gasoline ration books for all University 4'aculty members and employees have been received and are available in room 205 of the Executive Building. All car owners connected with the University have been requested to call at this room during the next week or two to ob-
tain their application forms.
Warren J. McLaughlin, field representative of the USO in the Middle West, spoke briefly at the meeting and complimented the local unit on the program of dances, movies, and other events that have been arranged as service men’s fea-
tures during the past year.
Other brief talks were made on the problem of coordinating the separate USO and University pro-
Chapel Hill, N., C., and will leave soon for the University of Iowa to
poin the pie-flight training school for instructions for staff, according to a letter received the next opponent,
yesterday by E. B. Baugh, alumni secretary. He reported that of two other Purdue men, Noiman Gottorn, former basketball star, also has completed his training there and had been assigned to St, Mary’s
College in California.
Two University of Michigan coeds are willing to bet their work shirts the Bard of Avon, were he alive to witness the part they are
Placement Notes
For Women
The WAAC is now selecting offi-
cer candidates from civilian status. Qualifications include: age from 21 to 50; a minimum alterpess te^ score and at least four years of «*-
peiience beyond the high
level in study, work, social or eivifi fields. College work may be substi-
grams. The meeting was presided playing in war work, would gladly tuted for the years of expeKieflCe-
over by T. R. Johnston, director of the fall Tippecanoe County War Fund Campaign. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
eat the words he tossed off in Act I
of Hamlet.
I’RY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
Applications should be filed. throu®h the local reciuiting office in th« Post Office. Fui'ther informa^imi may be obtained through Plaearntnl,
Service for Women (2965)..’'N 1.V1
'".^■'l it 1
Fuf3u^ Expofl^tf WeSim^y, fufy f,!^
Navy^Marine V-J2 Writers Disclose
■f&utkc-i
Merry-Go-Round
Week End Events Editor’s Note: Since the Exponent doesn’t wish to be held responsible for inciting anj’ battles between the Navj and Marine groups concerning their respective merits, please note that the writers’ opinions are purely
their own.
By Clint Sowards, A/S V-12 To commence at the beginning and rush through the Navy happenings to date; at 8 a. m. on July 1, the Navy V-12 men began to congregate around the doors of Cary Hall Southeast, and there began the |first long lesson of how to stand in 'line—patiently. The paying end of the column was the long line of tables that usually terminates long lines around here; official orders Were turned in, and twp cards were given to the V-12ers; one card forecasted a physical exam, and the other designated a billet or room number. “How To Wait With A Grin” With that part of the program over with (it took about three minutes) the second lesson in “How to Wait With A Grin” began. After a bit, when everyone had digested a handbook filled to the covers with regulations, and stuff, all men were assigned to quarters. The first men to report were quartered in the 11 fraternity houses the Navy now dominates on campus. When said houses had reached capacity and begun to bulge, good ship “Cary Hall” began to acquire her quota. Since that first hectic day, the confusion has begun to get almost on the orderly order. To start things off with a zip and then some gentle and loving petty officers had the nerve to wake up the whole outfit between five thirty and a quarter to SIX Friday morning; it wasn’t too bad to be waked up, but when they softly murmured — “HIT THE DECK AND dET READY FOR CALISTHENICS”, oh my goodness. “By The Mob-Stampede” By five minutes till' six the -Whole shootin’ match was over on Stuart Field wondering what was coming off, and shivering. At 6:15 “By the mob-stampeed”, an old Marine command still used, was more or less duplicated in the “retreat to the ship”. Half an hour later all beds were to be made, rooms cleaned to spotlessness, men dressed, shaved, and washed and mustered on the quadrangle for the descent to “chow”. King Hunger ruled — everyone was there. Navy Men Receive Foot Drill This first week was the only time the Navy men were to receiye any foot drill; more emphasis is now to be placed on the “book-lamin’ that the Navy has in store. A minority group on the campus (ahem) the Marine Corps, has for some reason craved drill, and favor it to writing letters home, studying the manual presented on entrance, or to tidying up their quarters in their spare time. In fact it has been rumored (pure scuttlebutt) that the Marines now in the Phi Delt house even requested drill in all their spare time. (It’s a cinch Jack Kennedy doesn’t hang around that place any more.) Anyway it’s a consolation to know that all the marines now on campus can walk. That’s, one thing the government won’t have to squander money teaching them to do. Grad Returns To Campus After Hazardous Sea Life Lt. T. N. Parlon, USNR, ’34 graduate of the University, has returned to the Pacific Coast following a two week furlough spent on the campus. Lt. Parlon was in command of an armed guaid for a libeity ship carrying cargo in the South Pacific which was torpedoed during his second ciossing. All But One Saved All but one of the crew were saved fiom the shipwreck and subsequent machine gUnning by the Japanese. ’ After two days on the open sea the survivors were picked up by a navy patiol boat and landed in Suva, Fiji Islands. After spending a week in Suva, Lt. Parlon was sent back to this countiy with the oftheis of his ship. Twenty-four coeds at the University of Chicago are leai ning the art of j'iu-jitsu, some because “its a handy thing to know” and others to prepare for the WAAC or the WAVES.
Indiana State 'J’eachers college liAds that under the strain of war, women students are making high grades and the men are at the other end of the scale.
By Marine Private Jack Abbett On July 1st the University took on about four hundred and fifty marines and twelve hundred sailors. The University was opening its doors to these men, but before the regular semester could get underway on July 7 there were some other matters to be taken care of. All these men entering the V-17 program had to have physicals and be registered in the University, but this would surely not take all their time, so the question was what should be done with these extra
hours.
Section II Company F of the United States Marines, who are living in the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house, had a j'ump on the rest of the other detachments for it was one of the first formed. Its commanding officer, Corp. Lee Crawford, also believed that spare time should be put to some use, other than j'ust sitting in a I'oom waiting for the next move in the endless chain of hurry and wait. Corp. Crawford Believes In Drill Drill was the only thing that Corp. Crawford could think of to fill this spare time, and drill he did. His section was taught to do the plain marching of an everyday foot soldier, but training did not stop there, for the next step was learning to do such intricate marching maneuvers as “wings, march”, “heels, march”, and each squad “to the rear, march” individually and thftn bringing them back together. After the partial mastery of these movements. Section II began to strut its stuff before the navy boys or “swab jockeys”, thus causing the traditional rivalry to spring up between the two branches of the navy. The navy V-12 boys are, however, having a very hard time in even matching the plain drill of all the marine detachments, that’s in the opinion of all the marines. Marines Believe In Being First Marines also have piide in being the first on all scenes, and the University campus is no exception. The marines who are eating in the Union Building are nine times out of ten on the scene first even if they have to double time iUto get there. Registration and classification are no exception to the rule that the marines are fiist, and even entertainment in the Music Hall seems to draw them faster than the navy. This should not be taken as an indication that the navy is not deserving of all the praise it can get, but when the University students see these two respective branches marching across the campus some bright and early morning, for these V-12ers must rise at 6:45 in the morning and have things well underway before the regular classes start at eight in the morning, they will at once be able to pick out the strut of the marines from the march of the navy boys. As time goes on. Section II is hoping to get many more of the intricate steps that are taught the new devil dogs when they enter such “pleasant places” as Paiis Island and San Diego. If it is found practical, even some rifle drill will be given to sharpen the wits of thfese future officer candidates. Marines Carry On With Traditional Sorority Serenades By Peg Stelfes Coeds need have no fear that the traditional practice of midnight serenades has gone out with vacating of frateinity houses by their former honey-thioated inhabitants. It seems that the singing bug has already bitten the Marines living in the ATO house, for they weie hard at work Monday night harmonizing at the piano. After 1 mining through their varied repeitoiie, the Marines, eagei to tiy out their newly-found talent, let go out the back windows with a lousing edition of “From thQ Halls of Montezuma”. Before starting, the song leader had unnecessai ily explained that this was their fir.st attempt at serenading as a gi oup, “so please bear with us.” The Leathernecks finished up with “Let Me Call You Sweetheart” and a soothing veision of “Good Night, Ladies” that saw them into the house promptly at 10 p. m. TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
(Continued from page 2) President Discusses Fishing The President spoke very frankly on a variety of subjects during hiso conference with five “torpedoed” merchant seamen the other day. He ranged all the way from the contrariness of Congress to a proposal that women serve as»cooks on merchant vessels and the problems of our Libeity ships in escaping enemy
subs.
He also made some nostalgic comments about his favorite peace-time hobby—fishing—prompted by hefty, raw-boned Joseph Curran, chief of the CIO National Martime Union, who accompanied the seamen to the White House. “Mr. President,” said Curran, “we all hope that before very long you will be able to go on a fishing trip again.” “Say, that’s the first thing I’m going to do after this war is over and we get the peace settled,” beamed Roosevelt. “It seems like a long time since I’ve done any deepsea fishing. I’d surely like to be out there with a rod and reel now.” ^ “Well, if you don’t get your wish jiretty soon, it won’t be the fault of the merchant seamen,” replied Curran. “They're doing an outstanding job in this war, moie than most people realize, in getting supplies through sub-infested waters to Allied forces, wherever they may be.” Praises Seamen ^ “The people know you fellows are doing a great job, Joe,” said Roosevelt. “The whole countiy is proud of our merchant marine heroes, and I’m especially proud of them.” The five seamen who accompanied Curran grinned happily. One was Edwin Beck, a wiper, toipedoed twice and whose legs were frozen during a harrowing 72 houis in a lifeboat near Murmansk. Another was Gustav A. Fernandez, a bos’n, who spent 18 days in a lifeboat on one occasion and 24 days another time, after Nazi subs sank his ships. Thomas Fitzsimmons, a second mate with 26 years experience at sea, Wesley Hersey, a messman, and Chailes Williams, a waiter, were the others. Fitzsimmons spent 14 days all told in lifeboats in the bitter wateis on the Murmansk lun. The President asked Hersey about the food on our merchant vessels. “The food’s okay and there’s plenty of it, Mr. President,” replied the seaman. “But we could do with a few good cooks. That’s the big problem at the moment.” Curran bioke in to say that all women cooks were taken off of merchant ships when the war broke out, adding: “We think these women should be permitted to go to sea again. It would release moie men for the tougher jobs.” “Why not?” agreed the President. “I think they should be allowed to go to sea, too, if they believe they can serve the war effoit.” Two other visitois in the party. Admiral Emoiy E. “Jeiry” Land, chairman of the Maritime Commission, and Edward Macauley, deputy War Shipping Administrator, shook their heads. “When the Army and Navy let women fight, it will be time enough to let them go to sea,” Land demurred. Cites Russians “Well, women crew members have been serving in all capacities on Russian ships,” argued Curran, “and they’ve been doing a remarkable job, as everybody knows. The same is true on Scandinavian ships.” The Piesident averted further debate by switching the subject to Congress. He remarked that ingress does some “funny things.” For example, he pointed out that the legislatois had authoiized Army WAACS to go anywhere in the world, but had forbidden Navy WAVES, who are supposed to be sea-going personnel, to leave the United States. “I guess you’re right, Mr. Piesident,” remarked Hoyt Haddock, an aide of Curran, “but Congress does some things that aren’t a bit funny. I think you know what I mean.” The Piesident nodded then asked one of his seamen guests what he thought about the mei chant ships we aie turning out. “All our ships are pretty good, Mr. Piesident,” was the leply. “The President wants the tiuth,” uiged Curran. “Tell him what you really think.” “Well, the Liberty ships aie a little slow, I guess,” admitted the sea-
man.
“I agree with you,” said Roosevelt. “The Liberty ship could do with a little more speed. That’s the reason we are building the new Victory ship, which is faster. It will make 16 knots.” Jerry’s Job With a wink at Land and Macauley, the President added: “We’re a little slow in getting the Victory ship into full production, but Jerry will do the job.” Seaman Beck spent two months in hospitals after being picked up near Murmansk. Eighteen other men in the lifeboat with him died.
The President complimented Beck on his courage and inquiied: “How was that water ? ” “It was colder than hell, Mr. President,” answered Beck with a broad grin. The Piesident was putting on a bow tie when his vistors walked in. “I don’t usually bother with a tie in this hot weather,” he told Ciuran, “but I want to look by best foi these merchant seamen.” After the neck-tie was in place, Roosevelt leaned back and laughed heartily. “Now, doesn’t that look good?” he asked. His visitors agreed that he could tie a fancier bow than Winston Churchill. Shuttle Bombing Air Forces officers are greatly pleased with the success of the British experiment recently in “shuttle bombing”—flying all the way across Germany to North Africa, then after re-loading and refueling there, flying back over Nazi targets on the way home. But the possibilities of such operation would be much gieatei if we had air bases faither noith. This has made U. S. airmen anxious to have Sicily, Saidmia, and Italy itself. From bases in noithein Italy, such shuttle bombing could be cairied on with gieat efficiency. Don’t expect it soon, however, for even the first step in such a campaign, the taking of Sicily, would require weeks. Fortunately, however, this is an opeiation which could proceed in winter weather. The greatest losses to U. S. bombers come after they have diopped their bombs and aie letuining homo. With no gas to spare, the planes must retmn by a stiaight route, thus encounteiing heavy fighter opposition. This would be avoided if they could fly on to Italy without turning aiound.
Notices
GE 11, 12 Make-ups: Conditional make-up examination in GE 11 and GE 12 will be gnen Satuiday afteinoon, July 10. Make arrangementb in loom 202, Golden Shops. Brinj? textbook and drawing equipment along. —OWEN Distinguished Students: Refunds are available in Cashier’s Office —HOLLINSBEE Kappa Delta Pi; Pledging services will be Thursday night, July 8, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. —JOHNSON Lost—-In bowling alley Monday afternoon, a billfold containing money, C gas book, draft card, etc. Rewaid foi return to West Desk, Union Building, Rev. C. M. Hanna.
Classified Ads I Typewriters: Adding maenmes, all makes sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C J. Ebershoff, 605 Mam, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Office, 407 Columbia. Lost—“Craxanette” trench coat with tan lining Lost in Union Cafeteria Sunday, June 13, 1913. Call M>ion Dickey, phone 2110. Wanted—Purdue students to work Thursday and Satuiday evenings as waiters Expel icnco not necessary Good pay and short houib. Elk*, Club. Apply Frank Ler.han Boy Wants roommate immediately, double room, twin beds, icasonable 202 Chauncey Avc Phone 60S8 Ralph Wood Aeromodellers: Miller’s field is not avail«iblL loi the conUst A ntw hcid has been found and diicctions un hoN/ to get to it are on the dooi of loom 80 •—QUINN Gimlet Club: Vtn important meeting on Thuibday, July 8, at 7 30 p m at Delta Upsilon houst T’lulging will be dibdisoed. Everyone be there -BUTSCH Gilder Club: IMecting Wednesday night at 7 in the Union. Evcijone please be there —SALISBURY Fraternity Affairs Office: FAO elections will be lu Id Ihuisday aAernoon from 4 to 5 p m Petitions due Wednesday at 1 p m. - MORGAN Interfraternity Presidents Council; Meeting Fhuisd ly, Julj 8, at 7pm Room 302, Union —LAYTON
Calumet Technical Institute Continues Summer Session According to Dr. Edward 0* Elliott, president of the University, the special summer session with which the University inaugurated its new division of Techhical Institutes in the Calumet region is more than half completed. The division of Technical Institutes has beeji established to meet the needs of modern industry, for it is an off-campus activity providing study through local classes for men and women now employed or seeking employment in industry. This newly organized type of training is not a substitute of college engineering courses, but is planned to fit a need not provided for by either the high schools or the engineering schools in the past. In East Chicago, Hammond In a special summer session designed to ijitroduce the program, twelve classes were organized at East Chicago, Gary and Hammond on June 1. Other basic courses besides technical calculations, a course in basic mathematics required for advanced study which commands the laTgest enrollment, include chemistry, drawing and supervision. Special courses are being offered to meet local industrial needs, such as: petroleum refinery practices, petroleum refinery flow meters and principles of radio com-
munication.
Nearly all the students are employed in war industries in Lake county, with more than 90 per cent of them signed up for a full threeyear course. The first man to sign up paints army tanks at a factory in Hammond and is studying technical calculations and radio. The fall term of classes will start on
September 21.
University officials are now making preparations to extend the Technical Institutes program to other industrial centers in the state; it is anticipated that, starting with the September term, classes will be offered in at least two more centers in addition to those in Lake county. Government Urges Saving 0! Paper Bags For V Containers Hoosieis are being asked to begin saving their used brown paper bags, corrugated boxes and other brown paper containers. They’re needed to insure an adequate supply of the material necessary for the manufactuie of victoiy containers for our armed forces. Despite the gratifying collection of waste paper a year ago, the nation is once again facing a waste
New Navy Students^ Take Coed Help , Pi’oof of the fact that the recently arrived “y-12ers” have not yet been conditioned to traditional ways of the Navy is the little episode that was staged on one of Lafayette’s busiest street corners last^
Monday night.
A group of dejected navy students were milling about the corner wearing their new tee shirts which say “U. S. Navy Training School, Purdue University”. They were watching one jammed bus after’an-
other pass by.
Sailors, Please Note Four University coeds in an automobile of some description, seeing their sorry plight, decided to disapprove the Navy belief that coeda here are cold and unfriendly. Upon offering two a lift to the ship, they were met with unbelieving, shrinking stares, but finally, each giving the other moral support, two “V12ers” squeezed into a few square inches of back seat. They were praising the University to the skies in honeyed Tennessee accents—“When my orders said I was headed for Purdue, I jumped up and down. Why, Tennessee Tech, where I was takin’ ag is just^a speck compared to this” (accompanied by a sweeping gesture). It turned out that one was a sophomore and the other a senior who had taught school for a year; which indicates the range of students that make up the promising
Navy program.
paper shortage. But the shortage now is of a different type thfin a year ago. This time there seems to be a need for brown paper bags and corrugated boxes. Restriction On Areas The collection program is to be restricted to areas that have consuming mills for the paper. Indiana, with ten paper mills strategically located, is one of the collection states. Due To Shortage Of Manpower This new program was made necessary because of the nation’s inability to increase the supply of pulp, due principally to the shortage of manpower in the woods. Last year 5,700,000 tons of waste paper was collected and channeled to consumirfg mills. The goal for 1943 has been increased by 1,000,000 tons. So begin now by taking apart and flattening those excess boxes along with that used wrapping paper. Professors at the University of Californi,a at Los Angeles are tilling 32 victory garden plots laid out on the campus—tOling did you say!
Minnesota game wardens ai'e attempting to scatter a large flock of pheasants threatening the huge victory garden at the College of St. Catherine.
ROOMS TO RENT? The Easiest Way To Reach Purdue Students is A CLASSIFIED AD in THE PURDUE EXPONENT