%
T
QTlic Puriuc IEx4J0njeitt
PubljlBh^d by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVni
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1236
NUMBER 2S
MiUtary Ball Decorations Announced W. C. White Submits Best Design; Tickets Go On Sale Thursday W. C. White, A sophomore in the chemical engineering school, was ^iwarded the complimentary ticket to the Military Ball, for the best |)lan for decorations turned in during the contest conducted last week by the Military Ball Committee, according to an announcement made l)y J. M. Baker, chairman. White was also the winner of last year’s contest. Decorations for jihe annual affair, which will be held in the Union Ballroom November 6, will be modernistic in design, with the military theme exemplified throughout. Two modernistic soldier " guards will stand at the entrance to the ballToom. The centerpiece of the stage decorations will consist of an old buccaneer seting off an ancient type cannon. Around the walls will be hung the national and brigade colors of the Purdue corps. Colored Lights The stage decorations will be built of corrugated background, directly in front of which will be a large drum containing the buccaneer. The front of the drum will be covered with cellophane, and colored lights will play upon the setting inside. Huge field artillery guns will be placed on each side of the band stand, with large projectiles forming the corners. The front face of the platform will present a front view of a single-wing army aeroplane. Tickets On Sale Tickets for the Ball, the most prominent social affair of the season, will go on sale Thursday morning.' Mem^rs pf the committee will visit ^all advmsced militai^ classes the part of this week to offer tickets to all cadet officers, While basic students may obtain their coupons in the adjutant’s office in the Armory. The remainder of the tickets will go on sale to the student body the first of next week. The band chosen for the Ball will be announced in tomorrow’s Exponent, according to Cadet Colonel Baker.
Name Nine To Debate Squad The nine men who were selected as members of this year’s varsity debate squad ip the University Hall yesterday afternoon are as follows: R. A. Buckles, D. C. Harvey, H. T. Helton, M. C. Magnussen, M. L. Miller, Charles Peticrew, J. W. Rittenhouse, R. P. Royster, and R. M. Sasses. The judges were Prof. P. E. Lull, men’s debate coach, Mr. L. S.Winch, co-ed debate coach, and R. M. Horn, freshman debate coach.
A;PpUcations For Soph Co-ed Debate Managerships Due Applications for sophomore co-ed debate managers will be received in the debate office today from 4:00 till 4:16 by Jean Small, co-ed debate manager. Girls Will Assist The giuls selected by Professors L. S. Winch, P. E- Lpil, and Jean Small will assist Ihe debate manager in her work which includes arranging the Fp];’enaic Board Spi^ins Bapquent i^nd t^e high school Doha^ Conference, atnd assisting with the Lodde contest. The junior manager, automatically becomes secretary of th© Indiana High School .Debate .Cowfei^ence, next fall.
,Dr. C. F. Harding and Prof. R. H. George, of the school of electrical engineering, addressed the hktionai convention of the Independent Telephone Association at the Stevens Hotel, in Chicago, Thursday afternoon, on ’‘Television.”
Friday Will Be Day Of Reckoning As Co-eds Show Guys The Ropes
(By Dorothea Justin) Friday is co-ed day! Friday will dawn clear and lovely, for it is a day of retribution for the University women. All the day they may prepare their attacks for hapless men, and that evening they may reap their joyjn full. The Gold Diggers dance is Friday night, and from twilight until one o’clock next morning girls may show chosen men what, how and where to do things. Women are to play escort, and men may try thejr ability at feminine tricks and wiles or just plain orneryness on fair damosels. “Cigarettes, toots,” and the request will make Carrie Co-ed search madly for a smoke and a light for the bonnie boy. Burned fingers will be suffered in silence, and pocket
2,000 Attend Convocation In Gynmasium A. E. Wiggam Lectures On Educated Man In A Changing WoHd
Despite the fact that A. E. Wig gam had come prepared to speak on “Who Shall Inherit America,” he delivered a vivid lecture on the announced subject, “An Educated Man In This Changing World.” Beginning with the idea that we are in the midst of an intellectual revolution, Mr. Wiggam set forth the requirements of a useful education. He stated that our education must prepare us to accept new ideas, cooperation and compromise, and an eagerness for more education. To prove that we must accept new ideas he showed that many of our “necessities of life” were not known in 1895. Possibilities''’ Analyzing the world situation, he sees three possibilities: destruction by the use of science: a social, political, and economic muddle like the dark ages; an application of human intelligence to our problems, that has never yet been tried. To obtain an open mind, which the speaker said was necessary for true education, one must ask three questions: “Do I want to know the truth?”; “Am I willing to lay aside the traditions of a lifetime?” “Have I ever examined the .evidence that IS against ipy beliefs?” Edu(;ation Endless In closing he stated that education is never'ending; that the man who has completed his education should be chloroformed. His last statement was a quotation from Michaelangelo, “I still learn.” An estimated two thousand atended the lecture while about 50 attended the reception afterwards in the Union.
money will seek a new low as the boy friend tries to get his fill of smoking for the week—free. Carrie and Joe Carrie may possibly razz Joe College by her pointed seating of the lad, her solicitious helping on of coats, her invitations to the Sweet Shoppe for cokes; she may show him his omissions thereby. Corsages Corsages—.big oniony take-offs on florists’ delicacies—will grace the stalwart chests of honored men, but they shouldn’t mind. Many of them will be living through the evening on steak and French fry full stomachs, to which the girl friends treated them before going to the dance. Going Home? After the dance is over, the girls can really irk the lads. 'With cars, they may drive near the airport, but never stop. Again, they might discover a shortage of gasoline, and stop to conserve the valuable fuel. Girls without cars may splurge on taxis, or walk to see the stars. The dates would probably grin and enjoy it.
Gov. Landon Leads Roosevelt In First Day Of Exponent Presidential Straw Vote, 100-34
N^nie Miller, Schickler To WSGA Posts Plan Outlines For Freshman Cozy And Charm School Dorothy Miller, Chi Omega pledge, and Louise Schickler, unorganized, were elected freshman representatives at the W. S. G. A. Mass Meeting held yesterday afternoon, in the Memorial Union Building. During the meeting Ruth Copeiland, president, introduced the vaiv'' ious committee chairmen who spoke about their various activities. Jeanette Scudder, chairman of the freshman orientation comittee, told of the Freshman Cozy which is to be organized at a meeting to be held next Tuesday, October 27, in the Faculty Lounge of the Union. This organization is to be similar to the Green Potters, the organization for freshman eds. She also discussed the Charm School which will start Tuesday, November 3. As two of the special features of th^ Charm School, a senior boy and a senior girl will each express their ideas of charm. Peg Dimmick then explained the work of the transfer women’s committee; and Dorothy Martinet, cochairman of the social committee, told of the plans being made for the Gold Diggers Dance Friday. (Continued on page 4)
IPurjDiue exponent Presidential Straw Vote Vote for One Candidate By Marking “X” After His Name Earl Browder (Communist) □ D. Leigh Colvin (Prohibition) □ Alfred M. Landon (Republican) □ William Lemke (Union) ‘ □ Franklin D. Roosevelt (Democrat) □ Norman Thomas (Socialist) □ □
Name School.
Class I Student, Instructor, Other (Strike Out Two) (The ballot must be filled out completely in order to be counted in the poll. Deposit ballots in Campus mail boxes or in the Exponent box in the Union before 6 p. m., Saturday, Oct. 24, 1936.)
Expect Record Crowd To Greet CoL Knox Today
Colonel Frank M. Knox will arrive in Lafayette for a brief visit early this afternoon when his special train arrives at 12:27 o’clock. Colonel KnoX will give a brief address from the rear platform of thetrain at the Columbia Street crossing of Hie Monon railroad. The ten minute speech will be concerned with some of the outstanding phases of the present political situation. Indications point to the fact that a record-breaking crowd will be on hand to greet the Republican nominee for vi^e-presi-dent. " /
R. B.HunWiU3peRkOii Road Side Development ‘Developing Our Road Sides” will be the subject of an address by Prof. R. B. Hull of the University Staff before the October Agricultural Staff luncheon, which will be held Monday noon in the Purdue Memorial Union Building. The luncheons are a regular monthly feature for members of the agricultural staff at the University.
Wet & Colder
By Tempy Exponent Weather Mouse Lost my voice. The weather will be wet and cold today.
Copies of the galley proof for the list of students in the University Directory may be inspected at the Reference Desk in the Library, at the Office of the Dean of Men or in University Hall, south entrance. Students are requested to verify the correctness of their names, addresses and telephqne numbers and report errots in person or in writing ,at the Registrar’s Office before Saturday. DO NOT TELEPHONE. DO NOT MAKE CORRECTIONS ONTHEHROOF. Copies qf proof of the lists of oopopus telopi^onqs an^ of the members of the staff will be sent to the various departments. Members of tbe staff are requested to verify.the en- , tries which concern them and report erroi^ and corrections in writing to the Registrar’s Office, before noon, Saturday, October 24th. ~9T0NE.
Atom Smasher Under Construction By University Physics Department
Did you know that a new ray, namely a stream of neutrons, has been discovered, and that scientists have been developing it into a great weapon for the medical profession? Here at the University the Physics Department has been building one of these atom smashers or Cyclotrons, as they are properly called, in the basement of the Physic Building. When completed it will be capable of emiting the strongest beam ever mod© hy man, being able to melt metals, penetrate three feet of lead, or make common table salt radioactive. ' 48-Ton Core This machine has a steel magnet' core weighing 48 tons, and measures 821^ inches high, 113 inches long, and 41 inches wide. On this core are two large coils made of 314 miles of copper tubing (through which water will be pumped for .cooling. There pixe five miles of dm* ,en tape wound around the tubing to insulate it. The poles of this ;huge magnet are 3j5 inches across ,tmd 3^ inches opart. tRayn Made 'In Box Between the poles there is a round brOss box in which the ray is actually made. A vacuum pump
constantly keeps the pressure inside the box extremely low during operation, while a short wave radio transmitter with 60 times the power of WBAA accelerates hydrogen ions in a spiral around the box until they reach a velocity equal to 20 million volts. Medicinal Use Radium worth five million dollars would be necessary to produce a ray equal to that of the cyclotron, but the radium is not as easily controlled. Depending on the substance exposed, salts of widely varying radioactive lives, which medicine can use for internal treatment, can be made. Neutrons produced by this ^machine yill be three times as effective in killing cancer as the present x-ray treatment, as soon as a suitable method of control is discovered. Producing radioactive salts for use in hospitals will alone make the cyclotron well worth while, but added to this are experiments in biology and investigations into atomic structures made possible by the fact that the beam will break down the atoms of any element. It would seem that the search of the ancient alchemists has at last been ended.
Veterinarians To Meet Today For First Lab Session Today has been scheduled for the opening of the University four-day short course for practicing veterinarians. The course will begin with a laboratory at 1:30 in the Veterinary Building. Doctors H. R. Emrick and V. F. Sailors, of the State Livestock Board will be in charge of hog and sheep autopsys. Assistants will be Doctors L. P. Doyle, A. L. DeLez, J. F. Bullard, and F. L. Walkey, and all of the University veterinary staff. The entire program will consist of several laboratory sessions and a few lectures. The last day will be devoted to a free clinic for larger animals.
Secrecy OverHangs Squad Scrimmage Big Ten Lead Menaced By Gophers; Injuries Cripple BoiJermakeFs (By Bill Fifield) With the utmost secrecy governing the varsity practices this week, Purdue and the whole midwest are looking to the Minnesota-Purdue game this week-end to see who is the top ranking football team of the Western Conference. * Even Series Up to date the Boilermaker’s have played eight games with the Gophers, wipning three, dropping four, and tying one. This Saturday the Gold\and Black have a chance to even the series. Will they do it? It is the general opinion of the sports writers that Purdue will break that winning streak of th© Minnesota squpd. Last night the three men on the injury list reported for .practice, but Freddie Stalcup and Bill Vergane watched from the si<klines, and John Drake did not participate in any hard scrimmage. The squad went through an intensive pass defense last night with the freshmen squad using plays that Minnesota used against Nebraalm and Michigan.
Sophomores Lead Odi« er Classes In Votiiig 135 Ballots Cast Freshmen Cci-ed Favors Thomas; Faculty Lax Boilermaker voters in the Ebiponent presidential poll, yesterday gave Gov. Alfred M. Landon a substantial lead over his Democratic opponent, Franklin D. Roosevelt. First returns showed Landon 100 votes, Roosevelt 34, and Thomas 1. A total of 135 ballots were turned in before 6 o’clock last night as the tabulation of the first day’s balloting began. Voting By Schools Balloting by schools was as follows: Agriculture 5 votes, Chemical Eng. 10, Civil Eng. 6, Electrical Eng. 6, Engineering 11, Home Ec. 32, Industrial Eng. 1, Mechanical Eng. 17, Pharmacy 1, Physical Ed. 2, Public Service Eng. 2, and Science 37. Voting by classes was as follows: Freshmen 25 votes. Sophomores 42, Juniors 29, and Seniors 31. Eight of the ballots tmned in came from other persons than students or faculty. As yet no faculty member has submitted his choice. How To Vote Simply clip the ballot printed on this page and deposit it in,one of the Campus Mail boxes, or if you prefer, drop it in the l^ponent box in the Union lobby. Tabulation from day to day will be published in this paper. Voting ends Saturday at fi p. m.
Gold Diggers Dance Friday Ted Nering WiH Furnish Music; Elect ^^Most Eligible Bgi^elor’^ Co-eds, with their guests, will dance to the music of Ted Nering this Friday, at the annual Gold Diggers’ dance. Dorothy Martinet, co-chairman of the W. S. G. A. social committee, and in charge of the dance, announced that elections of the University’s most elegible men would be features of the evening. First prize will be awarded to the “Most Eligible Bachelor” present; the man proclaimed “God’s Gift to Women” by balloting will receive second prize, and “Lochinvar” will be rewarded by third place. Tickets, with ballots atached, are on sale at all sorority houses, the Women’s Residence Hall, and the Union desk. Georgianna Huber is in charge of ticket distribution. The Gold Diggers dance, sponsored by the W. S. G. A., is one of the principal co-ed bid affairs of the year.
Physics Socicsly To Hear Withrow Sigma Pi Sigma, honorary physics society, will conduct its first open meeting for the general pubUe on Friday, October 23, at 7:30 p, m. in the lecture room of the Physics Building. At this meeting Prof. R. B. Witb>row of the Agricultural Experimental Station will discuss, the processes which take place in phuit development and their relation to physics. He plans to discuss .Hie general miergy changes taking place in plants and to give diata showing the high effteiency of plants as converters of solar energy as compared with such man4svelopod ideas as the photo-cell, solar furnace, eto. The speaker has conaont'ed to review, the poasfi>ilities wldeh the field of plant study exteaii ^ png^eoKs.IH
'
/
I ;
'‘<1 (
Bage I’wo
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, October 21t 1936
Platform Point No. 6—
Open Campaigns
There are certain elections on the campus which apparently cannot be decided except by student ballotting, including those of the S. A. A., Student Senate, Prom and Gala Week Committees, P. I. A., and W. S. G. A. representatives. In each case popularity is a prime requisite for properly filling the positions available, and there is probably no better method of ascertaining popularity than by a student vote. But quite often political cliques are formed which put men or women into office who are personally weak but politically strong. These campaigns are conducted supposedly without political interference, but it is common knowledge that politics does enter into the situation quite appreciably. The Exponent, in common with what we believe to be a majority of the student body, is convinced that open campaigning is both a partial solution to the clique problem and to the problem of arousing school spirit as well. By open campaigning is meant soap-box speeches, advertising, parades, and all the other accessories. Bringing the campaign into the open, much of the underhanded work so prevalent in recpnt years would be eliminated. Those who believe they have superior qualifications but who are not backed by a political clique would thus have an opportunity to tell everyone of their abilities. And then the enthusiasm aroused would most certainly aid in obtaining and maintaining that elusive quality we know as school spirit. Almost indefinable, it manifests itself constantly in enthusiasm over things connected with or sponsored by the school. An objection to this form of campaigning immediately makes itself evident. Would not the man with the most money or the strongest financial backing win the office ordinarily? The answer is to limit expenditures. The Student Senate supervises popular elections, and if that body decided to make campaigns open, it could easily impose a limit, perhaps ten dollars. The enforcement of such a limit might be difficult but ordinarily it would not be a big problem. With the possibility of being removed from office facing successful candidates if their financial reports were found to be false, very few infractions of such a rule would occur. Such infractions might easily be uncovered if a Senate committee in charge would do a little work in checking up on expense accounts. To sum up: the advantages are probable elimination of underhanded campaigning and the revival of school spirit. The disadvantage is the enforcement of an expense limit, which might prove to be an easy task. Open campaigns at least deserve a fair trial.
The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers^
Rush Remnants
To the Editor: Because everyone dislikes the rush system which was used this year is no reason why we should revert to the former one, which was also unsuccessful. To return to the old type of pledging new girls would be a definite step backwards in the co-ed progress at this University. Since both rushers and rushees agree the period was entirely too long, one week of the intense social life would be enough. As it happened this year, almost all rushees had made their choice at the end of the first week. Had it been vitally necessary, the remaining girls could have decided in this length of time. This same thought was true in the case of the sororities; the groups had in mind those who they wished to pledge. If the opening tea were to be given the first Saturday after all girls had registered, rush during the first week of school would not handicap academic work as much as the system did this year. Four dinners following the open tea could be given on Sunday, Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday. By Friday night at 10 o’clock the different groups could have their preference list of girls at the Memorial Union Building.
Elie $urbue exponent
Founded in 1883
1936 Member 1937 F^socided Cbllediote Pk^ss Distributors of Cblle6(ateDi6e$t
Moanwr of National College Press Association, Big Ten Editorial Association
■IBPneSENTBO FOR NATIONAL ADVBRTISINO BY
National Advertising Service, Inc.
CoUefe Publishers Representative
420 Madison Ave, New York, n. Y. CHICAGO • BOSTON • SAN FRANCISCO Los ANOBLCS . PORTLAND • SEATTLE
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by maU, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 XMitorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EOITOBIAL STAFF Bditor-in-Chief W. T. Hunt Usnafiring Editor . ... TL H. Morris Associate Editors K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, 0. L. Sadler
SPORTS STAFF ■norts Editor. L. D. Wood Aviate Sports Editors .'tW. H. Fifleld, & R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenehain
BUSINESS STAFF Bnsiness Manager R. J. Hulse Mi^nal Advertising Manager _L. H. Brown Advertising Manager. t D. O. Miller Otrenlatioq Manage-- — J. P. Girard
SdHw.. Advertisini Associate
WOMEN'S STAFF Helen Creech Manager— .. Betty Barnett IS..— Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elisabeth Pyke
Issue Editor—^E. H. Kellogg
From 7:30 to 9 o’clock on SatuTday mowiing rushees could sign their ppeference bids in the Memorial Ujiion Building. Saturday night would terminate the rushing season with the preference dinners. After these dinners the rushees could sign their final choice as has been done in former years. Pledging could be held after 3 o’clock Sunday afternoon. Also this period would run smoothly if every single major and minor rule were published in the rushing handbook. In this way the Pan-Hellenic Council would not need to hold unnecessary meetings. Since any plan appears better than this year’s rushing system, this recent idea is open to constructive suggestions.—E. C. P.
Editor’s Note: As the writer of the above opinion says, the rushing systems in use in recent years have all been failures and have met with general disapproval. Why, then, try to patch up a failure? Why not cast aside all those ideas which have been tried and found wanting and substitute open rush with no regulations whatsoever?
LET’S ALL GET BEHIND THE TEAM AND BACK THEM — IT HAS TO BE MINNESOTA NEXT . . . dope concerning Military Ball is floating around in the usual manner you know the old LOUIE’S HUNGRY FIVE stuff for the Ball —the committee met last night and they promise to disclose the name of the band very soon (we hope it is a good one) ...
He Can’t Forget
William Randolph Hearst has apparently gone highbrow. At latest report, he was in Amsterdam attending an exhibition of old art at the Ryksmuseum. While there, he purchased two painting valued at $70,000 and a number of knick-knacks also worth a sizeable
At first glance, this appears to be very commendable. Perhaps, you say, association with such great works of art will change Mr. Hearst’s nature, and he will become a benign and fatherly sort of person. But even in this setting his mind moved in its accustomed grooves. In commenting on the exhibition, he said, ‘T am enthusiastic about this way of making propaganda for old art.” We feel sorry for Mr. Hearst, It must be quite a strain to be so constantly on the lookout for propaganda—to the extent of finding it in an art exhibit.— University Daily Kansan.
Do Not Pick On Professor, Dear Alumnus
“Academic freedom is simply a way of saying that we get the best results in education and research if we leave their management to people who know something about them.” With that abrupt statement Robert Maynard Hutchins, president of Chicago University, sinks his editorial spurs into Chicago’s ever-increasing alumni, the university’s trustees and the citizens of Illinois in his current Harper’s article. Hutchins who has always faced down any attempts of these pressure groups to alter the educational policy at Chicago, has been especially vigilant regarding the alumni, who, though they undoubtedly profit to some extent by their four-year stay at the University, are ill-equipped to determine educational policy. Let the association rise up in its wrath and smite down the losing football coach; let it chew the building program to rags; let it be sarcastic regarding all and everything but let it leave the professors, and the educational program strictly alone. An alumnus really knows so little about his university.—Daily Trojan.
In My Opinion
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
Still Another Fable
Once upon a time a great athlqte entered the well known college of Per-Dew. He was not a football or a basketball expert. His specialty was ping-pong, known to the elite as table tennis. He was a whiz at this game, and had been known to return the ball as many as 5,627 times without an error on a single serve. He had been national champion since the tender age of nine, and was the world’s most outstanding ping-ponger. He had a friend who entered Per-Dew at the same time, but his friend specialized in football. His friend was good, but not a star in the gridiron game. The friend obtained a scholarship from the alumni and started o on a four-year adventure into the land of education. Our hero wanted a scholarship too, but he was told that such were available in only two or three sports, and that hi^ specialty was not included on the list. He thought this sounded reasonable, so he didn’t stir up a fuss. Our hero was not a good student. In fact, he flunked quite a few subjects, so many that he had to leave school. His friend was not even as good a student as he was. The friend would have flunked more than a few things if he hadn’t been a good enough football man to play seven minutes against Per-Dew’s arch rival, Indian-Under. But the faculty was afraid to flunk so distinguished an athlete, so he stayed in school and eventually graduated. When our hero heard that his friend had graduated while he himself had flunked out, he grew melancholy and moped around so much that finally his parents sent him to an institution. MORAL: You must play the right sport to get along.
2. Establish student SELF-Government. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce hon orary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Modify the Student Union Election System. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
WES DWIGHT AND JOHNNIE VAN NATTA played the part of personality boys last Friday night —^it seems that the DEBRIS photographer brought a couple of girls from Indianapolis over here Fri. night to help him take his equipment home—in the meantime a certain Lafayette rendezvous sidetracked the group and when the Indianapolis fellows decided that it was time to go home the gals didn’t want to go—^they desired to stay here—after getting rather hot under the collar DWIGHT and VAN NATTA both wormed their way out of the mess by suddenly developing other dates . . .
MINNESOTA IS NEXT
Another diamond has been placed upon the finger of a loved one— STEPHEN PAUL is the boy to be congratulated and his fair damsel is from TVisconsin therefore unknown to us, but still a PURDUE girl . . . while I’m on the subject of out-of-town-girls I shall mention GLEN MARTIN’S Kentucky beauty—yesterday’s column stated that GLEN placed his pin on this gal— this was an untruth—the pin belonged to JOHN ERICKSON and was borrowed for the sole purpose of planking on this damsel—GLEN had lost his pin sometime before and ERICKSON agreed to play the fish ....
I love the Kappas, The Pi Phis and the Thetas But, Oh the Chi Omegas Can make me tingle Like Alpha Chi and Xi jingles.
LILLIAN PURYEAR, a Fort ^ayne charming piece of femininty collected the shield of SAE pledge master DON KLEPPER this week-end ... Prof. SEARS of PURDUE’S History dept, declared in class Tuesday that he found Chicago a delightfully quiet and refreshing place to grade papers^this is contrary to the majority of the statements that have reached my ears but hearing is believing and the grades upon such graded papers were such that I for one will be glad to have said Professor visit the serenity of Chicago-land each time he grad^ papers
DAVE LIGHT, RUTHIE CARR, WALLY CRAIG, TRENA TORRENGA and HAZEL claim that they met ADMIRAL RICHARD BYRD in the lobby of the Sherman Hotel Saturday night and that he invited them to have a lemonade with him —1 have heard of people seeing pink elephants etc. but this is really going too far ... CHARMAINE the official medium of transportation of 116 Sheetz St. was seen in Happy Hgllow Friday night where its occupants were observing the stars etc.??? ... the WEBB-ROHAS combination has attained a Standard of Proficiency in pitching that is a goal for all who indulge . . .
VOTE VOTE VOTE The EXPONENT is conducting for students—the ballot is on the front page—be sure and vote and deposit the ballot in the EXPONENT box at the UNION desk . . . BE SURE TO- VOTE BEFORE SATURDAY. . . VOTE VOTE VOTE
Fashion Parade
Tomorrow At 4
Fashionable features of the winter season will be presented by the Y. W. C. A. in a style show to be held tomorrow at 4 o'clock in the Faculty Lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Sara Alice McIntosh, as chairman of the function, has selected co-eds to model the clothes which “The Fashion” store of Lafayette has furnished for the purpose. Co-eds modeling are: Louise Bain, Margaret Dicks, Carolyn Hosier, Mary Hurych, Marian Kidd, Betty Masters and Jane Thornborough.
‘I can’t tell you a thing-
-I’m under contract to write my life story.”
Music Room Program
The first of a regular series of Wednesday evening concerts will be presented tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the music room of the Memorial Union Building by Frank S. Hassmer, musical representative of the R. C. A. Victor corporation. Special “high fidelity” recordings will be used. The evening program follows:
Lohengrin—Prelude Act 1 (Wagner). French Symphony in D Minor. C^oncerto in E Plat Major—For Piano (Mozart). Pines of Rome—Movements 3 and 4. Liebestod (Wagner). Death and Transfiguration.
The regular daily music room program will be presented as usual, the program being as follows:
Noon, 12 cu 1 o Clock Stephen Foster’s Melodies (Foster). Nathaniel Shilkret and Victor Salon Group. Afternoon, 4 to 6 o’clock 1. Jewels Of The Madonna—Intermezzo, Parts 1 and 2. (Wolf-Ferrari). Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra. 2. Coppelis—Valse and Entr’acte. (Delibes). Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra. 3. Cavalleria Rusticana — Intermezzo. (Mascagni). Boston “Pops” Orchestra. 4. Song Of India. (Rimskey-Korsakov). Boston “Pops” Orchestra. 5. Indian Love Lyrics. (Woodforde-Pin-den). Marek Weber and Orchestra. 6. Light Cavalry Overture—Parts 1 anS 2. (Von Suppe). Victory Symphony Orchestra. 7. Sonata in C Sharp Miner. (Beethoven). William Kempff.
Cromer Will Preside At Schoolmen’s Qub
Dr. S. S. Cromer of the Department of Education will go to Indianapolis today to attend the Indiana Scholmen’s Club of which he is a member and to preside at the
The honey in the briar keeps the pipe tweet. ' High-efficiency Condentor cleans, pufifles ^tmoke. Traps moisture. Nociog'fling. No trouble. Prove ityourselff
We carry a full line of YELLO BOLE PIPES SOUTHWORTH’S
Complete Assortment of YELLO BOLE PIPES AT DEAC’S
New MAIN
Last Day—Big Doable Feature
EDW. G. ROBINSON ^'Bullets or Ballots”
with
JOAN BLONipiLL — Plus — “Laughing Irish Eyes”
with
PHIL REGAN EVELYN KNAPP
annual meeting of the Department of Teacher Training which meets at the Antlers Hotel tomorrow. Dr. Cromer is president of this department and is, in charge of tfie program which^ is to deal with the work of teacher training departments in colleges and universities.
ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY JOHN MACK BROWN in “Branded a Coward” and
MONA BARRIE GILBERT ROLAND
‘Ladies Love Danger”
LAST TIMES TODAY 2 Big Features
CHARLES BUTTERWORTH
HI
‘We Went to College’ and MICHAEL WHALEN
‘White Fang”
Thursday - Friday - Saturday WILLIAM BOYD
“Hop Along Cassidy Returns’ and “Killer at Large”
LAST TIMES TODAY
A NEW TRIUMPH IN MOVIE HISTORY! MAX REINHARDT'S
* niDsumiiiEii iilGHISDilEIIIIII with JamsaCAGJNEY Joe. E. BROWN Dick POWElili Warner Bros. Prod
Thursday - Friday - Saturday
STUART ERWIN in ‘All American Chump’ “Isle Aury”
LAST TIMES TODAY
tBin
THURSDAY ONLY ARTHUR TRENCHER “Thank You Jeeves”
Ai''Wednesday, October 21, 1936
THE PtJKDBE EXPONENT
\ I
ielder’s.... ....choice -.—■By Bob Walpole
The third in our series of Boilermaker Biographies . . . this morning, Regular Right Guard No. §0, Lee Shearer Graves ... at times called “Gravey” by the brothers ... he says that his middle name is derived from a Scotch ancestry. . . —^fc— Five feit, nine inches in height and weighing 175 pounds, Lee is the lightest man in the Boilermaker regular line ... he was born on May 7, 1915, thus making him 21 years, five months, and 15 days old today ... his home is Hammond, Indiana, but it hasn’t always been his stamping ground ... the reason, during the seventh year of his life he lived in the following cities ... Gary, Kalamazoo, Flint and Youngstown . . . —^fc— I Graves has rather grey eyes, sandy brown hair and one doesn’t have to look closely to see a freckle or two .. . and he loves football . . . always in his seven year career of football he has played at a guard position ... he graduated from Hammond High School as an All - State guard o n the powerful Hammond team . . . however his athletic abilities are not confined to football since his wrestling career is quite well worth mentioning . . . —fc— His senior year at Hammond H. S., Lee won the 165 pound Northern
Indiana Wrestling Championship .. at present he is the 175 pound Purdue champ, having won the honor for the past two years . . . —^fc— His rewards for his athletic achievements are as follows: three liigh school football lett^Si^ one in track, and one in wreJl^g ... at Pursue he has won two major letters as a member of the Boilermaker eleven. —^fc— Graves is a senior in the Physical Education School, majoring in history .. he hasn’t any desire to coach upon graduation, but the All-Star game is an affair that he would like very much to participate in . . . —fc— Lee’s spare time is spent at the movies, but he says he enjoys them better after the “P” passes have been issued . . . his favorite screen actress is Ann ^othern . . . and he doesn’t especially care to dance . . . he will vote for Landon . . . —^fc— Graves believes he would like home life if he didn’t have to do the cooking ... his supreme ambition is to take the “Go” out of “Gophers” . . . Lee is an active member of the Phi Gamma Delta Fraternity . . . —^fc— There you have the third senior on our Boilermaker list... his number, 90, Lee Shearer Graves . . .
TOUCHBALL GAMES TODAY Field 1— ^Acacia vs Beta Theta Pi Official, Hamilton 2— Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Official, Boyer 3— Phi Delta Theta vs Phi Gamma Delta Official, Kerber. 4— Phi Sigma Kappa vs Phi Kappa Sigma. Official, Mangas 5— ^Pi Kappa Alpha vs Pi Kappa Phi Official, Beck. 6— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Pirathon. Official, Barthng 7— Sigma Chi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Official, Gaulke 8— Theta Chi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Official, Latter.
LOVELY AT FIRST SIGHT! The new coiffures for fall are breath takingly charming—but they need a perfect wave as a foundation Be assured of a natural looking, soft and lustrous wave by coming to Kienly’s— whose expert operators have brought Permanent and Finger Waving to the peak of perfection Special October Reductions On All Machine Permanents WE ALSO FEATURE ZOTOS WAVES NO MACHINERY NO ELECTRICITY Good Scalp Treatments, Shampoo with Lustre and Finger Waves That Comb
AnnouKlng Iha Addition of Mi$s Lucille Mafshall to Our Staff Miss Marshall is a graduate of the Banford Academy of Hairdressing, New York City, and has been associated with the Mercides Beauty Salon, 4976 Broadway, New York City Friends of Mrs. Blanche Maxwell will be glad to know of her return to our studio
"Several Years of Beauty Experience"
CO^D DAYS EVERY THURSDAY AND FRIDAY KlENLY...Beauty Studio
662 Main St.
Phone 7727
Squash Team Opens Season On Nov. 21 Strenuous Schedule Arranged For Holidays Purdue’s varsity squash team will play its first game of the season the morning of Nov. 21 with a team composed of five officers who will fly down from the Patterson Air Field at Dayton, Ohio. The squad’s second game is planned for the following week-end in Cleveland. There is still a chance for those who have not as yet come out to get a place on the team. The squad is working out daily at the courts at 8th and Main. Men from last year, who are virtually assured of a place on the squad, are; F. E. Fields, captain; J. G. Lucek; M. T. Wakefield; and H. G. NMl, the brother of last year’s captan Competition for the fifth positioi: on the squad will probably be between the members of last year’s frosh team, although anyone interested who did not come out last year is invited to do so. The most promising sophomores are R. D. Jueve, A. W. Sokolowski, and H. H. Moses. A strenuous schedule has been arranged for later in the season. A five-match eastern tour dtming the Christmas holidays is planned, which will include games with Yale, Princeton, and Harvard. Other matches have been arranged with Michigan, Illinois, Chicago, Carleton, Indianapolis A. A., and Port Benjamin Harrison. ,
Track Team Will Compete With Indiana Saturday Purdue’s cross-country team will run against Indiana’s squad Saturday morning on the 'University’s three-mile course. Coach Orval Martin stated that Bodeau is his outstanding runner. He expects Bodeau to be a promising miler in Big Ten competition next spring. Martin also said that the remainder of the squad has shown a decided improvement since the Wisconsin meet. He expects the Gold and Black harriers to give Indiana a good battle. Th^ Indiana team, which won the national cross-couiitry championship last year, is stronger than ever. The Indiana squad is greatly benefited by the return of Lash, Deckard and Smith. Truitt, a sophomore, will also be dangerous.
ROTC Swim Meet Tonight Six-man Teams To Represent Their Batteries Military competition will start when the freshman battery swimming teams meet tonight at 7 p. m. in the Memorial Gymnasium swimming pool. Each battery team is composed of six members who will represent their battery in the following events: 40, 100, 220 yard free styles, 100 yard back stroke, 100 yard breast stroke, and diving. In*the diving event each diver is required to execute a plain front dnd back dive, and a front and back jack-knife. Besides these, he must perform four additional dives. Semi-final and final heats will not be held except in the 40 yard dashes. The swimmers in the other events
wilt race ttgaimi ilwit time. First, second and tiilrd placid count &, 3, and 1 points mpeetivdy# Medals will be awarded to metnbew odT the winning said seeox^ phm teams.
FRESHMAN TENNIS TODAY, 4a$ O'CLOCK H. L. Scott V8. Ubrfeli or 3, Johnson. N. Olaon vs. Tetetgfm or Cooper T- Paener vs. Bveiner or Kanrm. J. 1a Daler vs. Dfenejr or Mnllett. H. D. Wihneth vs. G. Niefclas. J. C. Woodson vs. K, W. Koehler. W. P. Bengf vs. Fnente or Merer. J. P. McGrath vs, B. B^anfiiuni. R. TSlIson vs. MnefcewiA or Hanro.
ALL CAMPUS HORSESHOES
Competition starts today at 4:15. All those sign^ np on bulletin board please report at the horseshoe courts east of the Armory. —CLIFTON, TERRY.
“Jjf it comes through the All-America Board of Football—it’s OFFICIAL’*
Interfraternity Touchball Opens Interfraternity touchball competition opened yesterday afternoon on intramural field, with half of the participating teams playing their first games. Since there are 32 teams entered and only eight playing fields available, the teams are divided into two groups of 16 teams each, with each group playing every other night. Each squad will play four games, and the eight highest teams will go into the finals.
WE FIX BODIES No matter how bad the accident, we can fix up fenders and bodies—^iron out all creases and dents and touch up the paint —^make your car look new again. Estimates given free on all jobs and replacement parts for all cars furnished at factory list prices. Keep out of accidents but when you have one have your care made new at PETER ANDERSON CO.
Service from Sunrise to Sunrise
525 Alabama
Phone 4048
S* A. E.’s Defeat Betas Softball Semi-Finals Sigma Alpha Epsilon defeated Beta Theta Pi by the score of 4 to 2 in the semi-finals of the Intramural Softball Tournament yesterday afternoon. Cromer caught for Pickens of the S. A. E.’s and Palmer pitched to Banker for the Betas. In the first half of the first inning, Boyer singled and scored on Terp’s three bagger to give the Betas the first score. In the 2nd half Cromer of the S. A. E. went to third on a fumble; then scored pn Lawrie’s double, bringing the score to a one run tie. Hayne scored in the second and Shireman in the Betas half of the third, raising the score to two all. Then Ha37ne and Rectenour ran the bases in the last of the fourth to clinch the game for the S. A. E.’s, 4 to 2.
Co-eds May Enter The Bowling League Co-eds interested in bowling may still enter the Women’s Bowling League, although one practice is required before tomorrow. All girls wishing to join should get in touch> with their ward or sorority managers immediately. The schedule of play will be published in tomorrow’s Exponent. Managers by wards are: Florence Beilke, ward 1; Louise Haddy, ward 2; Dorothy Newman, ward 4; Jane Hall, ward 5.
Final Hockey Practice Leads To Oass Teams Final hockey practices, which will be held today and tomorrow, will lead to the choosing of the class teams Saturday. Class games will begin next Monday and will terminate with an all-star game on Dad’s Day. On November 7, the English Touring Team will play a demonstration game here. Those who wish to see it should consult Miss Brady soon.
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS TODAY, 4ilS O’CLOCK Blits vs, Meihsus or Riehardson. Fnente vs. Blessins. Cooper vs, HebbleK Winter vs. Pontius or Plapp.
Tirije $urliue exponent BRINGS YOU FOR THE NEXT SIX SATURDAYS CHRISTY WALSH
CONDUCTING
All-America Ratings
N
with the assistance of a nation-wide committee of highly specialized, newspaper writers. After every game, recommendations for All America Ratings are filed by these experienced press-box observers—representing players in all sections and every Conference in the land. Ten players are listed each week, receiving the official Card of Merit and the assurance that their names will be considered when the board picks the ‘ All America” in December. On the contrary, any player failing to win a mention in the nine weekly ratings(90 players in all)—will not be eligiblefor the All America team. Hence, the vital importance of this column to hundreds of players and their army of loyal friends. ^ If you want to know in which direction the winds of football fame are blowing, if you want an accurate, advance indication of the All America team lineup for 1936, follow All America Ratings EXCLUSIVELY IN THE PURDUE EXPONENT.
CHRISTY WALSH _ . Founder and Member, All America Board of FootbaU
66
If it comes through the lAII-America Board FootboB-ife OmCZdD*THE PURDtJE EXPONENT
tV^ednesday, Ofctobei: 21,1986
Classified! Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. O. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Edw. J. Preeberg, Piano Tuner. Phones—35101, 4787.
For Sale—Table Model Radio. CU>od condition. $5. Phone 7954.
PLAT TOP OFFICE DESK — Like new, $15, roll top office desk $12.50. Two metal swivel desk chairs each $3, chifferobe with wardrobe space $10. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. Fifth Street.
ANY STUDENTS wishing to go to Minnesota game and help pay expenses, approximately $8.00, call 51381. Ralph Mohr.
NOTICES tte naticas accaptaJ attsr t r. m.
Basic Students—^Those desiring to remove a grade of C in Mil. Tr. 2, report to undersigned in adjutant’s office. Armory, before noon. Oct. 24. —HAYFORD.
Alpha Lambda Delta—Initiation postponed until Oct. 25 at 8:80 a. m. —PITTMAN.
Playshop Ticket Salesmen—All unsold season tickets must be returned. —RUSSELL.
Discussion Group—^Meeting Wjednesday, Oct. 21, at 7:30 p. m., in room 2 of the Union Building. The subject discussed will be “Wiggam.” —KUEHN.
Tan Beta Pi—^Important meeting Oct. 21 at 7:30 p. m. in the Union. All active members urged to be present. —WAIT.
Soph Co-eds—^Applications for co-ed debate manager received in the debate office Wednesday, Oct. 21, at 4 p. m. —SMALL.
Ind^ndenta—Skit Shop meeting is pwtponed until 4 p. m. Oct. 23 in the office. “Common ClaV” will be completely cast at
that time. —WHITE.
-Meeting in’ Union
—KETTLE.
Fraternity Presidentsat 7:30 p. m. Oct. 22.
in the tower room Oct. 21 at 4 p. m. —GIBBS.
Hanley Will Speak Before A S M E William A. Hanley, University graduate of 1911 will speak before the student branch of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. Mr. Hanley, vice-president of the Eli Lilly and Company at Indianapolis, will speak at 8:00 o’clock in the Mechanical Engineering Building. The student branch of the A. S. M. E. heard Mr. Hanley speak last year in the middle of September, at which time he was well received.
Foundation Classes To Meet This Evening Wesley Foundation religious education classes will meet as usual at the Foimdation House this evening at 7:00. This will be the last meeting of the group discussing “The Teachings of Jesus.” The members of the Boy-Girl class are asked to bring budgets of what they would expect to spend during the first year of married life. Marriage Class The class in “Preparation for Marriage” will meet at 206 Pierce St. at 9 o’clock. Two new Religious Education classes will be formed next week: one on “'The Technique of Planning Worship Services” and the other on “World Peace.”
Purdue Dairy Club—Meeting Wednesday, Oct. 21, in Smith Hall at 7 p. m. All of the Freshmen are especially invited to attend. —SCHLOSSER.
Women’s Bowling—Sororities and wards «ntering the Women’s Bowling League must have practice before 'Thursday, Oct. 22. —MYTINGER.
Varsity Debate Squad—^Meet in speech office at 4 p. m. Oct. 21.
Playshop Ticket Salesmen—Will the following bring unsold season tickets 'to the Playshop office Oct. 21 between 4 and 5 p. m.: D. F. Muller, Betty Ainsworth, W. D. McEachron, Sarah Bonton, J. M. Rice, L. H. McLaughlin, J. H. Cisal, R. R. Mock, A. C. Boggs and R. Jarvis. —RUSSELL.
Sigma Delta Chi—Meeting of actives and pledges Oct. 22 at 9:15 in old Union office. —HARDIN.
Union Workers—Our committees report in Union workshop at 4 p. m. Oct. 21. —STALLINGS, WIEGANDT, CLAYPOLE, FITTS, PFORZHEIMER.
Alpha Zeta—Meeting Oct. 21 at 8 in the old Union office. Important. —HARDIN,
Orchesis—Regular meeting of dance club Oct. 21 at 7:30. —ELLIS.
Independent Staff—Very important meeting of the staff Oct. 21 at 7 o’clock. All members are urged to attend. —SENNSTROM. P. I. A. Dancing Chorus—All girls interested in trying out for dancing chorus meet
W. A. A. Officials—All girls interested in trying out for hockey officiating meet in W. A. A. office Oct. 21 at 4 p. m. —Kelly,
Co-ed Svrimming—All interested in organizing a swimming club meet in the Women’s Gym at 6 Oct. 21. —TUBBS "Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council—Meeting Oct. 21 at 4 p. m. in room A of the Union. Attendance is compulsory. —SCHAAF,
Gimlet Club—-Meeting Oct. 21 at 7 p. m. in the Union. Both actives and pledges must be present. —HODGDON,
Independents—Tune Shop rehearsal Oct. 21 at 7:80 in tower room. —WHITE.
Halstead, Kelly Arrange WAA Hallowe’en Party W. A. A. will have a Hallowe’en party in the Women’s gym on Oct. 28 at 7:30. Georgia Halstead and Regina Kelly who are in charge of the program have aimounced that prize will be awarded for the most unique costume.
Registration For Contest Extended Registratioti for the Beveridge public speaking contest has been extended; anybody who desires to participate in the contest must register at the Union building from 4 to 5:30 today. Seven men will compete in the finals to be held on Tuesday, October 27. The freshman placing first will win permanent possession of the Hays silver cup.
Ag Graduate’s Article Appears In The Hook Up Russell Lehe, Ag. ’36, is the author of an article entitled “The Rural Listener Speaks” appearing this month in “The Hook-Up,” a publication issued monthly by the Radio Service of the Office of Information of the U. S. Department of Agriculture. Subject matter presented in the article was taken from a study Lehe made last winter, while a senior in the University, concerning the radio and its service to the farmer.
PI A Dancing Chorus To Meet Today At 4 As a new feature, P. I. A. is organizing a dancing chorus for coeds that will be under the supervision of Barbara Gibbs. Routines
115
A—Number of members before the drive. B—New members up until Wednesday. C—Growth of WAA Membership Drive.
foi:„,the P. I. A. partjr, Nbvembeir 4, and the presentation at the Memorial Union Cafeteria Show will be its first appearances. All unorganized girls are invited to attend the first meeting, today at 4 o’clock in the tower room.
Open Meeting Of AIChE Tomorrow “The Chemical Engineer in the Petroleum Industry” will be the subject of George B. Murphy at the first open meeting of the A. I. Ch, E. at 8:00 tomorrow evening in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. Mr, Murphy is affiliated with the Universal Oil Products Co. of Riverside, Illinois, and is also chairman of the employment council of the Chicago section of the A. Ch. S.
Name Miller, Schickler To WSGA Posts (Continued froin page 1)
Tentative arrangements for the Activities Banquet given by W. S. G. A., Y. W. 0. A., and W. A. A. were announced by Elizabeth Ann Stewart, co-Ohairman of social committee. The plan to organize a Residence Council was discussed by Faye Pendergrass. Under this plan every residence with over ten girls is to organize and their head will represent the house on this council.
Miss Margaret Campbell, one of the founders of Pi Beta Phi, and a graduate of Monmouth College in 1867, died October 14, at Monmouth, Illinois.
TheCAMPUS A New Coat That HAS EVERYTHING
• RAGLAN MODEL • ALL-AROUND BELT • GABARDINE (COTTON) • FULL FLEECE LINED • WIND-WATERPROOF • SNOW-SLEET PROOF • LASKIN LAMB COLLAR • INVISIBLE KNIT CUFFS • REAL LEATHER BUTTONS • SPORT MUFF POCKETS
The most practical knockabout coat yet offered for campus wear. If you SM one you'll own one. At the low figure of
Exclusively af
HERSEUS 124 N. Sixth Street Opposite the Mars
Here's wfiat we niean by your "LEG SIZE in Belle-Sharmeer"
• Gorgeous Belle-Sharmeer Stockings are not just graduated in length but also individually sized in width from top to toe . . . giving you a true leg size that clings like another skin and garters perfectly. Brev for smalls, Modite for mediums, Duchess for tails, Classic for plumps. Here exclusively. $1 to $1.95 Thienie & Wangerin Co.. West Side Square
kSB
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
MRS. ARLINE Gifted Reader and Advisor Advice on All Affairs of Life Special Reading 25c Located One Half Block East of State on Brown Street Levee. West Lafayette
300 TICKETS $1.00 1,000 for $2 Other Printing Priced Low KANE’S PRINT SHOP 401 S. 29th Phone 5205
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERT’raiNG for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
The Risk Dental Clinic m PAUL A. RUE Olt, HABOU> Jr. BISK hb. bobbbt a buk 4Nt-|«inniBBA.BIfK 4i^ MditE BMg. Phone 5701
...thafs the whaleman’s si^ml jor a smoke And on land and sea, from coast to coast.. .with millions of smokers, men and women... when they take time out to enjoy a cigarette it’s ''Smoke-0. .. pass the Chesterfields** Chesterfields are milder.. • and what’s more they’ve got a hearty good taste that leaves a man satisfied.
19}6. Usemr A;>MyB|ts ToBAC^.Co.
cverywliere