is ’ ^ I.'* '
' *;, '.“ !' ^ ', 'LAfi'A-vfe'wnE. »Mniii
VOLUBSE XLVn
tAS-ATfETTB, INDIANA. WEDNESDAY, APEH. 82, 1036
'ftPfSfelS
Parade At St. Joseph, Mich. Honored Over 25 Or-
Festivities May 9 Honor- position in the Blossom Parade to be held on the last day of the bud festivities, Mair 9, at St. Joseph, Mmhigan, has been awarded to the University band over 25 other bands and drum ,and bugle corps which will take part in the festivities. About 1250 musicians in all will pass before the reviewing
stand during the day.
On the way to St. Joseph, tentative plans call for the band to stop at "Bochester-Friday night, May 8, where a concmrt will be given under the auspices of the Rochester public schools. On the return from the Blossom Festival, the band will give a concert under the manage ment of the Crown Point public schools, Sunday afternoon. May 10,
Band Rated High
to annouxicing^ honor being accorded the Purdue band, Mr. jei^ C03^^^ is ih 0^^ bands for the Blossom Festival, stated "that in his opinion it ranks among the foremost college musical j^oiips in the United^^^ “Its complement of 100 men, ■^th the s^ohd largest bass driim in existence, measuring seven and one^ludf feet in diameter, its twelve SbuS^hohes, and its musical abil-! ity, will make it one of the stellar attractions of the Blosspm Festival,^' he said; *‘St. Joseph and Renton Harbor feel prdud to have obtained the Purdue Band;” The Purdue band won fame last year at the Mdfcucky Deiby, it won first place in the competition with all other bands in the contest. The musical organization came before the puhlic’s eye again last fall at the Purdue-Northwest-erh football game, when the band, lighted by electric lights On the head dress aiid instruments went through intricate maneuvers and exercises on the darkened football
gridiron at ChicagOi
Choir Leader
ran Chmr, m Fawl&e rrow night. >]m in Nor-
Dr. F. Melius Christlaj
tmr of the St. Olaf Lu
which will appear in Hall at 8 o’dock Dr. Christiansen '
way, came to thi^Ulnited States when seventeen Ipars of studied and taugM in the middle west, and - then /went to Liepzig, Cermanyi where he studied four y€»rs ;;;tthder: ■ i^laV; Sc^e^,, ,Canr -tor: of the; famous Thomaner ^Chdr.
Clitics Praise St. Olaf Choir Singers Will Appear In Fo^R^er ifadll’einiDi^vr
J. B;Thie8s Talks To Senior Engineers . J. B. Thiess, ‘‘the boisterous cheerleadep of W^, spoke yester day to senior engineers in the series of lectures as a part of the course in engineering administra tion. Thiess, a partner in a Chicago law firm, told the engineers of the steps necessary to obtain patents and some of the ‘‘tricks of the trade”. “Patents are 17-year monopolies granted by the government,” Thiess said, “and there are now 2,800,000 patents pn record in
Washington.”
He exhibited a patent paper and described ite contents. The four parts of a patent ate the grant, the drawing- (if such is possible) the description, and the last part contains the “claims”. This final section of the document, Mr. Thiess said, is the most important, as therein fe contained the whole basis of protection from future inventors; Mr, Thiess is associated with the Chicago firm of Jones, AddingtOh, Ames, ^d Seibold.
While they have long since accepted it as one of: the really great units of the musical world; critics are still trying to explain the technical perfection and spiritual sublimity achieved ;by the St. Olaf Choir, which is coming to Eliza Fowler Hall tomorrow evening at
8 o’clock.
St. Olaf College was founded a half-century ago by Nofwegian emigrants who were willing to un-derg-o any. sacrifice in order that their sons and daughters might learn to link the ideas pf, religion and edttcatipn with; those Of politi' cal freedom. The original outlay, modest as it was, represented the sternest, harshest self-denial on the part of the fouadersi and the sufeiCnueht history of the institution ha^ been a record of continued
sacrifice.
In general, the students are members of families blessed; with only modest means. Their sons and daughters go to college because it apsidcred a high jiriwlege—-not a stunt. Eyerythihg about the su&licity of' college life is Calculate®^ impress them with the value o:^idividuaI effort, the nec essity for^&rk-, and the importance of the in^k life as constrasted with physical^uxury,
Net Awards Annbimced Presentations At Green Potter Mixer Saturday Night In Union lenior men who have participatin University athletics and nubers of the Blanket Hop committee will be awarded “F’ blankat a miker Saturday night in Ballroom sponsored by ;^atter8. This is the first dance" sponsored by the newly organized Green Potters and the freshman organization hopes to make an annual event of the Green Potter’s dance. Members of the championship net squad, will be awarded silver basketball charms at the same time. All Recipients of blankets and basketballs will be the guests of the Student Union at the dance, and a list will be provided at the door that can be signed to obtain admission to the balltpom : Poilbwing is a; iist ofthose ivho will re<ieive RIenkets East, Fehring, Guirl, Loebs, Reed, Sandefur (R. W. and W. T.) Skoronski, Vaughn-Catt, Voss, and Wright. J^ketbalir Ellipttji
bert.
Baseball: Shuttleworth. ■ : Track: Glendeiming,: Janps,^ and More. Tennisi Nikolich,'rzucker. Golf : Brewer^l DbubeibCwer. » Swiittining: Davenpbrt. Fencing; . Blocker, Silverman, Green, Hammann. ; SquashNoll, uirey. : Ristpl; Gassel, Grannis Committee: Fuller, Brownihg, Hays, King, Heuser, Besides the three seniors listed above, those who will receive silver basketballs are: Downey, Budd, Se^ ward, - Smith, Mangus, Cummins, Hpllpway, Sines, Young, Malaska, and Bruce: Manager Coulter, Coaches Lambert and Fehring, and Trainer Lon Mann.
Announcement was made last night by President Glenn Frank, of the Univerity of Wisconsin, of the appointment of Harry Stuhldreher, former Villanovn coach and member of the Famous “Four Horsemen”. Stuhldreher replaces Drs. Spears and Meanwell who were discharged last February to bring about athletic harmony . in the University. He was chosen from a field of fifty candidates and his appointment was unanimously approved by the board of regents.
iion At 11 O*clock; Movement World Wide Promotion of peace will be the subject tf a demonstrati^ this morning at U o’clock in Fowler Hall by the American Student Union, sponsors of the nation-wide movement for
EXPONENT; BOARD The Exponent board will meet this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station. A short nmeting of the electoral board will foL low.
Seniors May
Order Programs Through Saturday Graduating' seniors have- -until Saturday in which to order their Conpnencement programs, after which time there will be no orders taken. The programs for the final senior activity may be had in three styles, according to the buyer’s bank roll as well as his likes and dislikes. The leather and the manila C^ef ed j^graims sugge^ an excCptibn^y attractiyc, announce-; nient, whfie the nixnple 'fdutch” ah-; noTmceniehts may be had.
■: i'rbfee^Kidures'■ ■
Nearly twenty pages will be incorporated into the two more expensive invitations. Three pictures, the Memorial Union, Eliza Fowler Hall, and the Civil Engineering Buil^fing, otII be fpimd on the^ fi^
few pag^vbf ^e iwgram
t^ pictures a: scheduled prp^am on Gala We^ as an invitation to; commencenient; The remainder of the cohiftnencetoenf program' ^ devoted to the listing gradating seniors; al^abeiacally by schoo%:Afirdission to commencement will be made by tickets, which will be issued by
the Registior’s bifice;
Class reuhions and festivities are being planned by E. B. Baugh, Alumni Secretary, as well as representiatives of the various classes who will return for Gala ecents. Gomniencement programs may be ordered at SeuthveOrth’s, Dsac’s and at a desk maintained in the lobby of tfie Memorial Uuion^^^ B^ ing until Saturday afteraoon.
according to an NSFA report.
President E. C. Elliott an-
nounced that while the University has given permission for the student peace group ta use -Fowler Hall, students will not be excused from class attendance
to join in the demonstration. K. B. McEachron, EE ’37, will be
the first speaker on the program, over which W. R. Smith, ChE’36, will preside. He will talk on “The. Man Made Monster”, giving the disadvantages and results of war; R. W. Strauss, ME’36, will show the possibility of permanent peace in a talk entitled, “Is Peace Possible”. The final speaker on the
program, ^an T)!^^ in^trui;^
the English department, will link' the two preceeding talks and apply them to the individual^ showing that^e msratainance of germa^^
peace is; diie^y the^ res^
mdiyiduUl‘s; f^Igmses^^^^ ;cnses. “The Choice Is Yours’’ will be the
title of Mr. Trefii’s speech.
17; Gpuirti-i(^
Natiohai Sthdent Federatibh also reports that, sevehteen other countries have jcflUfiA ^e peace: m^ raent and a world deinonstratm^^ expected. “The respoiise which the call has received throughout the w^orld is dramatic proof of the Scope; and meaning of our anti--war strike at a time when the world is so feverishly preparing for warV, says Joseph p, Lash, liationail secretary of the American Students Union. , The President’s office yesterday issued a statement that the student peace movement was not to be confused with the activities of the Purdue Meinorial Uniori organization which VallhaVe no part in today’s demonstratipn.
ANNOUNCES INITIATION . Alpha Xi Delta annoiuiices the iniUation of Mrs. May Gray, sorpr ity hpiise mother, on Sunday, April 19. ;,
Best Soldiers To End Drill Tea Wionras Wfll Be Awarded Misdals, Cit»*
tions
The Scabbard and Blade Beat Soldier contest Vdiieb ima^been^ conducted since the beginning of tlie semester will dose Saturday. AH freshmen and sophomores will meet Saturday at 1 o’dook in the Armory for a practical and written examination over all work: covered so far. Classroom grades will ha-ve no bearing oit the final decisions, but Conduct in drill periods and on Corps Day throni^ont flu» semsstnr will have spedal significance. Soldierly appearance will he an item of major importance. The amination will be conducted by members of- Scabbard and Blade, the committee in charge consisting ; of H. R. Larsen, F. W. Stone, W. N. Engds, C. J. Snyder, L. B. Ritchey, and J. M. Baker; Five medals and citations will be awarded to the fir^ Ave -Wihners in each of the freshihhn and sophomore classes. Additional diaAom ■srifi; also; be awarded; to tlto next: five winners in each class.
iHii Delta Phi Delta Theta fraternity elected the following; officers for the coming year:; D* P- Williams, president; G. F. Johes, stow-ard; A. T, Farweil, alumni secretai-y; J. R. Hamerstadt, sewetary.
nURDUJE PERSONALITIES
OhPhnn^l By the Roving Reporter Graduating semprs will obtain commencement tickets some time between Miay first and Juge ninto, and they wiU nmnbe^ t^tween one and one hundred, An inquiry at the president's office was referred to the registrar, and the registrar referred the question tp the president’s offiice. Qh Phooey!
Speech Fiiials Tbmght Finals in the semi-ahnual English 14 speaking contest VdU be held in Eliza Fowler HaH tonight at 7':30 o’clock. Each 'of the seven students on the program Will deliver a six minute address presenting' a business or commercial project before a theoretical audience which has the power to act on the matter; The speakers, selected front 660 students taking the course, avc A. Buckles, W. R. Fenstormaker, S; M. Marks, G. W^ M. Sasser, A, ^ and ii, H* Stbmaker. The ptogram is primarily for English 14 Students but is pper( to Anyone whn wishes to at-
Alpha Mu
Sigmn Alpha Mu announces toe election of the folfe^ng officers: Resident, Gilbert Deyore; exchec-; qCier, James Rosenherg; recorder, Erwin kammertingi historian,: El mer Heller.,.
Cotiner Services
Services/tor Ptof, S. D. Goimer; ’04, of the University staff, will be held a;t 2:30 o’clock this afternoon at the residence by the Rev. Dr. W. B, Grahanni, cf toe Central Presbyterian church. The body of #0 deceased was taken to toe residence lato yesterday afternoon. The burl ’ll will be in Spring Vste cemetery, where the local Commandery No, 3 Knighto Templar will hold a ser
By Joyce Williams 1898, 1903, and 1906; These are the most important dates in the life of tall, grey-thatched Dr. Louis Martin Sears, professor of history, think the science, home economics; and physical education students in his courses because, in asking for some date in a current assignment, he invariably uses as the point of reference these years marking his graduation from Bro-wmeli grammar school, his encounter -vrito some Pottawattoinie Indi- ;, iahs in Lincoln Park in Chicago, and his escape plus diploma from the Uihiviersity of Chiimgo. Thus, to many Purduvian mimte; V^illiam Jenn^ an'e Grovm, of Thorne speech, for ihstonee; is recalled as hav^ ing been given two years before ; : Dr. Rear’si gradual^^ grammar school; I?his atoltoile gives a peculiarly pOTsbnal tone to the conception of Ambricaii history, = ■ i Retailed to fraternity, totority, and residence hall tables each noon are many of his tutorpedo idiosyncrasies, guaranteed to awaken toe most torpid class. University graduates since 1920, the year of his first appearance here, remember the annual 20-minute-essay contest held in each of his classes, fi^r to® grizes cf a m<^allion ®f Linctoi and a poritoR Of
; Df. ■:L. .Il, ''Sea.rs
initiaHy Whetted by a paper “Jefferson as a Pacifist”, pre seated in 1916 before the Chicago Literary club, of which he is a member. “American Foreign Relations'”, authored by Dr* Sears and also used in his diplomatic history course, gratified him recently by going into a third edition, Written at the suggestion of the publishers, “George Washington” proved to be his most popular book. During the Ged^ge Washington Gfentennial ; Year; 1932, every day was field day for Washington experts; thus, tliat year toufid Dr.'Sears constowtly speaMUg im to® subject <rf hie fiipgto to all: matmef Of Of gankatoms; Six thousand students, mo^® Or leto; have studied^ luader Dr. Sedfs ih'3l y®ufs; 14 Of which he spent with EIgh school students
who, he sf^i to^uire ity to toato toan^ d^^
dehto* N® Insttoct^^ fie
geto results iiwm his pt^
PIA Formal
Membership Cards To Serve As Tickets ; P. I, A.’s sprinig fdfmai danto Friday from 9 to 12 o’clock will so^ cially open the now completed sddlf tion to the Union ballroom. “Jug” Owen and. his SwingmaStefs, fear ■: toring the type of rhythm which is now enjoying jgreat poptdarity, wHl furnish the. music for the spring dance. This wiil he the RiGhihohd band’s first appeatonee on the campus.' . ■■ . Members of the Purdue Independent Asspciatipnjvtolhdudimtto the dance upon to® pr®s®htoll^^l^ their membership cards. The committee in charge has annOuntod that corsages will be optional and that dress tor to® dance will be/ light coat and da# trpusers* or vice versa, and light sbpes. The committee could npt be reached tor a statement concerning toe nature of to®, backdrop but totC! band fronts wilf show the gold P.
I. A.;'key.'.,,, ■
which. When aftordbto priced to he toe mitontoin jeff frictonu
resptoriyely a penny And a to^
'Cent, stamps;;
■ Wtot;,kniaiTO:Agtow: 7^ br. Seara is khoWn aA^t^
of several books. His “John< Slid-
eR” hnd ito prigin in,
sion to Meiicc^, A «c®pf t to^ for a graduato course in Soutimrh histpfg At to® IWtoysity E gp; Pks intorCst to Jeltoto^ was
Menibef Of 7 7 Bfe is a m of Yaii itopritoh Phi B®to 7^
Delto Ctoi, HOanuAAlto AndSCdbbtod and Riide,^ OhitogA and Washington as well as several historical speieties, chief of Arhito is The American. Among Ws hofebies is an ardent enthusiasm for the conservation of wild birds.
Religious Council Dinner Tonight The toirdue Religious CcmnCil will hold its annual dinner tonight at 6 o’clock at the West Lafayette Methodist church. The pruudGsd? speaker pf the eyeniug will be fessor W. H. Jellemui of the de.. partment of philosophy of Indiana University, who will talk on the “Existence of God”. In addition to Prof. JeUemat there will be discussions by G^mive Sexson, Virginia GobWe, Williaxn tonith and R. D. Woodson, An the Lake Geneva Gokterenees. A short musical program will be given after dinner by William and Howard Keenan. An attondanee of approx-
get in touch with Jim Shoemaker within the next two days. The sing wiH be hold on
1fM:\: ttr^c expflneht:
1935 Member 1936 f^socioied GolleSiate Press Distributor of GD!le6ial:eDi6est
h *1
Bnterca u Meoad cIm» matter at the poet office, Lataye^, Indiana. Pelieetrt by ::iM^i : 9S^e:p«r sreiff:::^l!vwed' chCTier. W.60 year; boM by aingie ^y, 8 eent».
ffnaihen Phone SOSB
iSAlN OFFldlS--S12 North Fifth StrwA
Bditbrtal Phmin^
: .Daily - Stadwit PmMlifetlian of Parfee'IJBiverBity^
: imiTOBIAL STAFF
——v;-:;-,'*---"/. - c. H. Campbell
i 'JL Chastton, C, M. Hardin.
W, T. HnnV K H.
Associate Sports Editors
■. . • jK ^ Muii, R. H. Walpole, L. D. Wood a: Barnette. J. E. Brock, A; H. Forantar,
0. Harper. Jr., R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler, R. O.^chenk, J.;J^^on Bold and Blm& Editor — - - .W. B. Ab^
■■ ; ........jH, F. Antonini
Advemtisiag Assistante..
'H IL Bro^yJR. Creek, D. C. Miller ^ J. HuIb®
Cirehlation Assistauato
J. G. Girard, G, B. Shields
Helen Creech. Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann
Josephine Perkins
Sophomore Assistants
. .. .........J^ean Brown, Jean Janotiseki Marjorie .Ijonis, Doris Ellen McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke, Esther Turley
Wednesday, April 22, 1936.
. Issue Editor—-R.-.E, Long.
First In War, First In Peace Miiek .comment is rrammg rampaiit in the columns of the daily newspapers throughout the country these days as the American Student Union undertakes to put across its annual “peace strike” scheduled on this campus today. The press has always been overjoyed to find tendehcies of radicalism among the collegians of the nation. Editorial brains of the big dailies have an idea that Communism linked with college is good for a circulation increase. Steienti iiiv® apeifeci ifeM t@ piptot against being made camom^fi^deffi,. The United States is supposedly a free coum. tyy,where free, speech, is permitted,.I^y then, must these, same newspapers that have been fighting for the “freedom of speech” pick on the youth of Ahierica for its sensational scoops about how poorly the colleges and universities are training“our boys and girls” ? It doesn’t make sense. Todif*® demoffistratloM In Fowlsr Hal wil be intentionally ridiculed by certain individuals and groups who advocate a world-wide peace policy, but who consider the demonstration as merely an unnecessary nuisance. This mass meeting will not assume the importance on this campus that it will in other universities, but if it lends any weight to the expression of youth’s feeling on the possibilities of future armed conflict, it will have been worthwhile.-—E. H. M.
The Begge-Gould combine went into secret conclave and Janousek came out wearing a pin . . . lucky her! Wonder what Gould’s cut is? YEA BEGGS! Walk on a wire across the falls; With luck and skiir you’ll make But, once give ear to: a co-ed call And boy, you’re gonna take it! - —Haw. ’. . and are we goiUia; laugh! Sic ’im Chi G’s. i The man who is proud of his ancestors is like a potato stalk: the best part is underground. -—Oregon. It happens in the best of families. .V . ■ U Bi^gii'W • “My kid brother is just too clever at doing imitations.” “Pine, ril; give himt a quarter.’’ “He wants five dollars.” “ “What! Five dollars to do an imitation?” “No. Five dollars not to do one. He Was behind the parlor sofa last night.” •—-Ulini. Snow^se, Spring is here, and the Pifi’s are bragging about another pin. It seems that Theta Xi Ray Fuller hung one on Rosemary Milburn. For all my magnanimity , /After a. rift, . .1 loath your equanimity .. When back I. drift. ^ . —No. 5807. Famous Last Remarks: “I knew it was a blind date, but I hardly expected she’d be deaf and dumb, TOO,”-—O. S. L.
L.C. Davis Re^s dr. L. E. Davis, of the University English department, will he back today to receive his classes after a two-week absence during which he submitted to an operation for the sewing together of a nerve in his arm which was injured in an automobile accident during Christmas vacation.
UNIVEMSITY CALENBAE
Ciflssiliecl Ads.
Typewriters, Adding MacMnen— For sale,'rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebershot, 605 Main St. Phone 2779. ,
II 11
Notice: Beginners dancing class will open Wedhesday, April 22nd, 7:30 p. m; Class will (iioih^le^^^ before I^rdue ciosds. Allens^ 6th 'and\Ferry.; .■
vein
For Sale—Modern rbodel SSS Packard sports phaeton. $385 cash. Can be seen dasHiimes -parked ih front of Civil Engineering Building, Purdne. Phone 2884.
Chamberlin’s Special For This Week-—Raspberry and Vanilla. Order it—^it’s delicious.
NOTICES N* BottcM ak«eept.i aftor • p. .
English I'Stndents, Fiist Semester—Students virho received C’s for failnre in spelling, grammar, or theme-writing, should at^ tend one of the special classes in these subjebts, before taking the next make-up examination. Attendance at these special classes is voluntary. The. spelling class meets each Monday evening at 4 p’clock, in room 818, Recitation Building. The grammar class meets Wedn^day . at 4 o’clock, in room ai8 Recitation Building. The themewriting class meets Friday at 4 o’clock, in room 818, Recitation Building.; The class in theme-writing is the only and final opportunity for students with C’s in theme-writ-ing to remove this condition^ regardless of who their instructor was last semester. —WYKOPF.
After hearing at least 27 different stories on the origin of the recent popular hit tune, “Gloomy Sunday”, one wonders if the whole thing isn’t a huge publicity stunt, cooked up in “tinpan alley” to sell sheet music. It’s surprising how gullible the American public will be toward sen^tional things .. . yet, it’s all in a day’s work for the publicity man.—E. H. M!
When General Hugh Johnson took over the organization and administration of the NRA three years ago, he seemed to be thoroughly in accord with the aiihs and ambitions of President Roosevelt. But the General Johnson of today views things in a different light, possibly due to the manner in which he was ousted from his position. Although declaring publicly that he is backing Roosevelt for re-election. General Johnson’s attacks on the WPA marks him either as a very honest man, or else as a man w’hose conviction that Roosevelt is the man of the hour is sadly weakening. In his report on the WPA, which was not made public in its entirety, he strongly condemns the waste and inefficiency which is evident in WPA administration. Writing as a 'Triend”, he nevertheless minces no words in attacking a proj3ct he characterizes “as cruel as it is stupid, because the area of available relief money nowhere near covers the area of destitution, and the vast waste occasioned by this ill-informed dogma subjects the whole government to amply justified ridi- ■ 2ule”. ■ ’■.'■■■ Other phrases from the report showing the type of criticism the General directed at the WPA are; “more than half of all his effort is prodigal pretense justified by nothing”, and that “sixty per cent of this invented work is a needlessly expensive and fatuous gesture’\ If such words as these come from a friend of the administration, what can be expected from an enemy ? Anything will be possible in the elections year of ’361—W. T. H.
■ Today
S. Aamodt, Meeting in -Ag Hall, room 201, 4 p.
English 1 Stodents, Second; Semestei Students who failed the recent grammar and spelling tests ara urged to attend the voluntary classes in these.subjects, in order to prepare for the make-up; tests. The spelling class meets Mondays at 4 o’clock, in r(K>m 818, Recitation Building. The grammar class meets Wednesdays at 4 o’clock, in room 818, Recitation Building. —WYKOFF.
- This illustraticin may be a sllghi bit over dbne, because “our fellotv human beings” inay not be quite as ciazy as tbb artist has pictured them in the above. But at least by the way the artist spells out "human beings, the Inference is that he regards a good many drivers and pedestrians as “cock-eyed.” If sometimes drivers and pedestrians Could see themselves as others see them, many would heln for some great surprises. This would be especially so when drivers do those little things which
tell the wide world the hind of persons they are. Oh wad some power the giftie gie us To see oursel’s as others see us! It wad frae mbnie a blunder free us. And foolish notion. i ■ ' ^ It’s a good notion for drivers to look at themselves in the looking glass once in a while to try to figure out just how they may appear to their fellow men when they drive as though they had the only car regis- , tered and no such person as a pedes* trian ever existed.
READERS’ OPINION Tht Exponent welcomet eommenti o§ good teste end reesoneble length from its feeders. Typetyrilten ertieles ere preierred.
To the Editor: Is the Purdue student body snapping out of the lethargy which has always characterized its reaction to any or all world crisis? The student peace demonstration scheduled for today at 11 o’clock has attracted an unusual amount of attention for that type of thing. Some students are just taking advantage of a good excuse to cut class, but there seems to be a considerable amount of genuine enthusiasm which comes as an encouraging si^-to all who are familiar with our traditional “laissez-faire” atM:,tude. ■■ Do you believe in peace? For most of you, I think I can answer “yes”* So—whether or not you believe in compulsory . Biilltasy tmiiiiiig'---wliet!ier or not you believe in a peace f oun-dation-^be there and see what others feel and believe. Peace is a world movement and sentiment. Let’s have Purdue inove with the world!—F. K. H. The city of Cambridge plans to assess a “service charge*’ of about $1,000,000 against Harvard and M. I. T. to cover policing pf football games and student riots, and removal of rubSomehow the word “rubbish” has a curious meaning, on after "football games and student riots.”—Student
Life.
Dr. 0 honor of-
m.
A. I, E. E. Meeting—E. E. Buildr ing, room 254, 7:15-9:30 p. m. Alpha Zeta Meeting—^Union tower, 7 p. m. Baseball—Notre Dame at Notre Dame. Delta Sigma Kappa—Benefit bridge party. Union Ballroom—8 p.
m.
English Speech Convocation — Eliza Fowler Hall, 7:30-8:30 p. m. ' Little Flower Dinner and Card Party—^Union peasant room, rooms 1-& 2, 6:30 p. m. Newcomer’s Section, Purdue Women’s Club — Union faculty lopnge, 2:30 p, m. Sigma Xi Meeting—^Lecture by Dr. 0. S. Aambdt, Stanley Coulter Hall, lecture room, 8-10 p. m. Student Union Forum — Union faculty lounge, 7 p. m. Tomorrow A. S. C. E. Meeting-C. E. Building, room 201j 7 p. m. Industrial Education Society — Michael Golden Shops, 7-8 p. m. St. Olaf Choir — Concert — Eliza Fowler Hall, 8 p. m. Scabbard and Blade Test Night—^ Armoryj 7-9 p. m. Friday Baseball—Minnesota at Minneso-
ta.,
p. I. A. Spring Formal-—Union ballroom. Saturday . Alpha Gamma Rho Spring Formal—^Allen’s ballroom, 9-12 p. m. Baseball-—Minnesota at Minneso-
ta.
Delta Upsilon Formal DinnerDance—Chapter House, 6:30 to 12 p, m, Scabbard and Blade Rough Initiation—Armory, 6 p. m. to 6 ^ m. Union Mixer—^Union Ballroom 9 p. m. ^ Women’s Pan-Hellenic Luncheon —Union bairroom. . Monday Agronomy Seminar—Ag Building, room 201, open^ 4 p. m. Ag. Staff Luncheon—-Uniqp 12 noon. Scabbard and Blade InitiationArmory drill floor, 5-6 p. m. Scabbard and Blade Initiation Banqueh-^Lincoln Lodge, 6 p. m. Tuesday: A. A. U. P. Dinner MeetingHome Economics Building, dining room, 7-9:80 p. m. Kappa Delta Pi Meeting-*—Educa-tion Building, 7-8 p. m. A. S. 0, E. Meeting—C. E. Building, room 201, 7-9 ;S0 p.m. Baseball—Wabash at Crawfords ville.
All Junior Women—Are r^uested to meet in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union -tomorrow. .
—STRA-TTON.
. Egg and Baby Chick Show Staff—Students working on the show committee report at Poultry Building at 4 today.
—FLOCK.
Alpha Zeta—Meeting at 7 tonight in Union tower room. Dr. A. H. Parfitt will talk. —GARDNER. , Purdue Christian Foundation—IiWportant cabinet meeting at 4 today in nooni 1 of Union. —McINTIRE.
Alpha Phi Omcga—Meeting tomorrow at 7 :30 in room 1 of Union. Pledge reception. ^ —SACHS. Radio Club—Meeting tomorrow night at 7:30 in E. E. 129. Last lecture in W9YB
series.
—WEPPLER.
Chi Epsilon—Meeting at 7 :80 tonight at Betn Theta Pi house. —CAESAR.
: EfBk-Dental Clinic PAUE-AiOTK ^ ■ . EOBBE® ©. BISK HABDLD J. BISK ■ aiOTffiSE A. BISK ■ 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701 Comer 4th and Main
Archery Club—Meeting tonight at 7:30 in Women’s Gym. —LEE.
W. S. G. A. Executive Board-
room 2 at 7:16. —COPELAND.
Pi 0. M. M.—All members desiring keys Meet in please see nie before Saturday.
-*ENGELS.
Union Workers—Please report in subbaqement of Union at 4 today. Work will be done on Prom. Please be there. —SCHOLER, PUGH, QUIGGLE, OHAVER, JUMP, CLARK,
SHOEMAKER.
Glider Club—Those who have ordered helmets can get them at . the Phi Gamma Delta house for 68 cents. —WILTSHIRE. Playshop Board—^Meeting of old and new board members at 7:30 tonight -in office.
—HOLDEN.
LAST TIMES TODAY
Phi Lambda Upsilon—Meeting for pledging postponed until next Tuesday because of junior inspection trip.
. —MAXON.
Delta Rho Kappa-
tonight.
-Meeting at 7 in Union —ROBBINS.
LEARN TO DANCE By Enrolling in Our Ncw .'liiir^ciii Class Wednesday, Ap^l 22, 7:00 p. m. This class will be completed before Purdne closes.' Phone 2160.
ALLEN’S
6th. & Ferry
Kappa Phi Sigma—Meeting at 4 -today in
Union.
—ROBBINS.
P. 1. A. Members—All men and women interested in working on the staff of the Purdue Independent during next semester report to the office today at 7.
—SENNSTROM.
Glider Club—Regular meeting and election of officers tomorrow in tower room of
Union.
—WOOD.
Thursday - Friday Saturday ROBERT DONAT JEAN PARKER , . , . ■ in . “The Ghost Goes West”
LAST .TIMES TODAY
W. A. A. Baseball—Today at 4: Kappa Kappa Gamma vs. Ward 3 and W. R. H. vs. Ward 4. . —KELLY.
W. A. A. Archery—^Tourney at 4 today i Ward 1 vs. Kappa Kappa Gamma, Ward 2 vs. Alpha Chi Omega, Ward 8 -vs. Ward 4, and Chi. Omega vs. Alpha Xi Delta. —BOEHM.
Union Workers—Members of our committees please report in Union office at 4 today and be sure to bring fountain pens. —GRIMM, KUEHN, ANSPAOH.
Discussion Group—Meeting f in faculty lounge tonight at 7 :80. “Evolution” will be subject. -^KOBHN.
Skull and Crescent—Important meeting pertaining to pledges at 7:80 tonight in Union. —GEAIG.
IIONS EKIir
Slid' ■ BLACK KING The Educated Horse, in “EMdIe Ranch”
Thursday - Friday - Saturday Double Feature IRVIN S. COBB “Everybody’s Old Man” ■ and MARGARET SULLIVAN “Next Time We Love”
KMdaiY LAST TIMES TODAY . CLAUDETTE COLBERT FRED MacMURRAY ‘The Bride Gomes Home” and EDW. ARNOLD . In , “Remember Last Night” Thursday - Friday - Satnniay GEORGE BANCROFT “Hellship Morgan” and KEN MAYNARD “The Ca& Thief”
PLAY GOLF
is occupying the attention of a large number of the populace of this good old U. S. A. just now; And you jmow it by reading of it in the newspapers. Your advertisement in this pa** per will be read by all the students and the faculty at Purdue." » rV -
Team'Leaves
This Morning
Downey Or Rosser And Malaska Or Krause To Be Opening Batteiy
The Boilermaker baseball squad will leave here this morning for South Bend to meet the Notre D^mie hihe?iri: the fif st of it: hGine and home' series of scheduled games. A squad of 16 men 'will leave Lafayette at 9 o’clock to mi^e ttie trip'tb the in Coach Ward “Piggy juambert announced that either Glen Downey or Ebssfer Will be on thb mound fpr the Boilermaker outfit as' starting hurler and the probable lineup will be the same as that which faced Illinois Saturday, Cold weather forced ^e team to he idle yestCT^ day afternoon and the scKedUled game with DePauw was postponed. ■ The catching duties will probably: be distributed bP^^ween Pat Malaska and Harry Krause, the regular catcher yrbo has had some difficulty .with an injured hand. Should Krause take over the backstop duties, Malaska will return to his regular post in center field where he has, been stationed for the greater portion of the games this season. The infield will be composed of Sines at short stop, Lucas who coriecied the loUe Boilermaker
Adwlt Begiwners Class
In Ballroom Danoing Opens
Wed., April 22, 7:30 p. m.
We did not give a’ lesson last Wednesday on ac-' count of ’ fire. Course will be completed: before Pttrdne doses.
BASEBALL
Today
Diamond 1—Kappa Sigma vs'. Sigma' Chi.
2—Phi Delta Theta vs. Pirathon ■3—Sigma Alpha Epsilon Vs. Kap- ' pa Delta Rho. 4—Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Alpha ' ■ ^ Kappa Lambda 6— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Delta Sigma Lambda. ©^^^^A^nffida GhhAlpha ys; Phi Kap-
pa.
7— ^Theta Xi vs. Beta Theta Pi. 8- ^Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi ' Kappa Tau. 9- ^i Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Pi Phi; iO-^Phi Gamma Delta vs. Sigma
Interfraternity Track Meet
Sdieduied :May 5,7
Tuesday, May 6/ and Thursday, May 7> are the dates set aside by the intramural deparfment for the annual inteffrafernity/ track and field meetl Seven events: will be held on the former date and eight on the latter, ;
EJach fraternity entering the meet will receive participation points for entering and the winning, organization will receive a handsome trophy. The events scheduled for Tuesday are as follows: 100 yard dash, mile run, 120 yard high. Wrdles, shot put, discus throw, and the pole vault. Included in the Thursday schedule is a ; 440 yard relay in which four men wiH ran 110 yards each. In addition to the relay run, the following events are set: 220 yard dash, 2 mile run, 220 yard low hurdles, half mile, javelin, broad juiUp, and high jump. ,
hit against Illinois Saturday and scored the only run, at third, either Fateh or Waling at second base, and Mangas at the first sabk.
Ranging from $1,25 to $7,50 FACIALS, "Gleaniap” Acne and< Blackhead, Muscle Toning, Rejuvenating and Rest. All moderately priced.
327' State St.
Minette Beauty Shop , Plione 2067
HERB HELSTROM
The Purdue baseball, team opens this afternoon against Notre Dame at South Bend . . . Coach Lambert plans to use practically the same team that faced the Illini with the exception of his battery . . . Glen Downey will probably pitch with Pat Malaska behind the bat:. . . Harry; K^ reghiar backstop, has a badly injured hand and will be out of action for a few more days. After this game,: the team journeys to Minnesota for a two game series. In spite of tim chilly atmiosph^ prevailing; the team iw looking much better than it did last week, and should; give the Irish a good, baU gamei
The Frosh are also hampered by the bad weather. Assistent Coach Ed Skoronski says tliat as yet they haven’t been able to get much of a line on the boys and have thus far eliminated only those; who look like they never played ball before. Batting practice is expected to start this afternoon, and weather permitting, the boys will go thru a far more strenuous drill than before . . . by the end of the week, the coaches plan to cut the squad down to size, of about four teams, men from which numerals will be awarded later.
Our pistpl team has won a few more matches. . . . they defeated CoimeU by a score of 1382 to 1371, and Harvard 1393 to 1283 . . . in a series of recent, intercollegiate pistol matches.
‘ With only a little more than a Week of spring football left, the Frosh are being groomed for their annual clash with the varmty at the stadium a week from Saturday . . . while the cold weather has hampered the baseball team, it has proven invaluable to the football men in giving them fairly comjefortable plajdng conditions. Some of the outetanding frosh of the year are Bill Vergane and George Spehn at ends, Ippilito at quarterback; Juska, fullback; arid Gutting and Louis Sink at halfbacks.
Station W2HJ, transiUitting unit Of the Radio club of the College of the City of New York, celebrated its 22nd anniversary recently by exchanging greetings with all Of the college stations on its schedule.
Gophers Down
Muddy Field
' “Minnesota”' overwhelmed “Wisconsin” yesterday' afternoon by a score of 17-7 in the first half of the game between.the two teams in the mud on Stuart Field.- The victors scored on a pass, an endaround play, and a field goal, while Ben Medley ran the ball across for the losers. Score on Pass Ross Dean’s pass to Don Powell netted the “Gophers” a score early in the game, and Clem Woltman added the point after touchdown. Powell also got credit for the second ‘^Minnesota’^ , score when he went 12 yards bri jan; ;Ond-around play.; Moritagne ;&<i^rMcked;theve^^ tea poirit, ;Woltriia^ added three more poiniri. to the sOorO When he sent the ball ; sailing btetwoen the uprights on a drop kick in the second quarter. “Wisconsin’’; handicapped by-a muoh lighted’ Erie than that bf their opponerits but aidrid by a faster, more OxpOrienced backfield combiriationy chalked ; up their lohe score of the afternoori when Ben Medley broke ioosri "arid faced across the line. Cody Isbell convert-
ed.
Will Slnisnytenae TOf^^ “Minriesbiri’^: arid ' “Wi^risin” under the difectibri Of “Britch’' Loebs and Hbwitt East respebtively, will play : the secorid half of thmr gari^ on Sttiart Field ■Wmori row aftbrriobri at f b’cloCk. In the pracHce tb^y, arid Fris&e will complete their game started Mbiriday in which “loWa” now leads
The two teams which .win; the “round-robin” competition now beirig played vidll meet in a final garile on May 2, when they will bring the spring ^Is to hn end b^ore a crowd of students aiid guests of the University.
4 4 4#; 4 4 4 4' 4 4 4 FRATERNITY DOUBLES . CLASS^‘A’^ '4, #- 4 4;.4^ 4 ;#. 4 #■# 4 Today, 4:15 o’clock Phi Kappa vs. Theta Chi. Phi Kappa Sigma ire. Phi Kappa Fsi..... ■ ■ ' ;;; ' Sigma Alpha Epsiloif vs. Sigpia sPlri Epsilon.;:;; Alpha Tau Omega vs. Sigma Nu. Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Chi. 5 oi’dock Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Beta Theta Pi vs. lambda Chi Alpha. Tau ;Epmion Phi vs. Triangle. Ka.;^a;$igma; vs. Parathon. Phi Galrima Delta vS. Kappa Delta
They are the most beautiful ever built .1 . streamlined ... superinsulated . . . and the gleaming white finish, Inside and out, will never Grack or discolor.
The food compartments are ar^ ranged for maximum convenience. You edn keep more food per cubic foot,. ^ and keep It fresher, longer.
.•S t
ms
s “I y/ 'i V '
your spring suit has that j
worn-out, run-down. \ spring fever appearance. \ bring it to us, we will re- ;
turn it to you just like new and .with what you
save on what a new suit Will Cost, you can buy
your girl friend some springs fewe^ rind have money left.
f ■ ; Yine St. W. Lafayette
«41:' Main St. Lafayette
The ice compartments are scientifically built to save ice, give the proper uniform, low temperature
sary circulation of moist air, without which safe, affI ji Imjposslbla,
The purchase price of these new refrigerators Is oniy Vitold of what you would expect to pay and, of cdurse, they cost much less to operate.
You must see the New Air Cdndh tioned Ice Refrigerators TOi^AYi
Fourth and Salem Sts.
Phone 5078
a Haircut Tbat Looks and Is Qj^lity , . . And That Means Yot^ll Go to the XJnton Barber
These Six Barbers Will Give You the Service You Want
JOE KNOTT CHARLEY ORMAN M. E. PIOKRING HARRY ERETTBR JOB CLARK FRANK FOXt'Mi
t' f '
s' ’ I*" ^ ‘ i
Pan-Hellenic To Hold
Annual Afiair In titilori Ballroom Active aln^dulumnae meitilbers of the Lafayette F’an-Hellenic Association will hold a luncheon Saturday, April 25, at it o’clock in the ballroom U6 the Meniorial tMon Buildh^ previous arrangement tables are placed so tha,t all the luem-? hers of each active chapter will flit tOjgether. As ah bpe^
feature of the program, each of the seventeen sororities represented will sing one Of
its songs.
Speakers for the occasion will be Mrs. De Marchus Brown, of Indianapolis, and Mrs. Justus Rising, of West Lafayettei who is fhO'^ president of the Purdue advisory council for fraternity women. It was previously announced that Mrs, H. C. Mahin, national officer of Alpha Xi Delta, would speak at the luncheon, but as it is necessary for her to be out of town Saturday, Mrs. Rising will read a report prepared by Mrs. Mahin on the National Pan-Hellenic Association meeting which was held last sum-
mer. , ■ .
Mrs. Brown will speak on “The Lady of Godey's”. She is a member of the Pi Beta Phi sorority and is prominent in Lafayette society. Tickets may be obtained by any sorority member from the representative to the Pan-Hellenic Council from her organization, from the alumnae representative to the Lafayette Pan-Hellenic Association and from Mrs. W, J. Unfried or Mrs. G. C. Oderkirk.
Ouiicron Nu Aiuiuiiae To Entertain Members Omicron Nu faculty members, actives, and pledges will be entertained by; their alumnae club at a covered dish supper tonight at 6 o’clock". Mrs. P. G. King will be hostess to the club at her home,
408 Russell Street.
The girls who Were recently pledged by Omicron Nu, honorary home economics organization, are: Gladys Hass, Lois Hixon, 2^dia Jacobson, Lillian Murphy, Amy Scriven, Alice Stair, Mary Tyler,
and Mary Wilson.
JUNIOR WOMEN
All junior women are requested to meet in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon. Dorothy C. Stratton, Dean of Women.
Satisfy both your appOtite’ and pocketbook at the i MITZI SANDWICH SHOK 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
Hoitie Ec Teacher
Oblaiiis:Oltf ■ Russian Curio It’s from Russia^ It’s of brass,
ornately engraved with symbolic Rhssian figureSi, It’s a genuine antique that really functions. What is this thing? It is the answer to a twenty year craving for h Russian samovar, recently realized by Miss Gamble, a member of the
Home Economics faculty.
What is a samovar? Mr. Webster says it is, “An urn in which water is kept boiling for making tea, used in Russia, Siberia^ etc.”
Of Hammered Brass
This new treasure is of polished hammered brass, and stands about eighteen inches high without the chimney. It resembles a regulation urn except that from the center of the top emerges the pointed peak of a circular chimney about three inches in diameter. The spigot is highly engraved contrivance of solid brass. Handles on either side of the urn operate on hinges so faultless that they would prove a never ceasing joy to any User of ordinary household equipment. The center of the wn consists of a three irnsk brass tube; it is in this tube that the fire of charcoal is made The water is poured into the area surrounding the fire tube through a very small opening on the outside of the um. When the tube gets very hot and the water boils it is drawn from the urn^ through the spigoted opening, onto some very concentrated Russian tea solu tion in the bottom of the cup. Such is “samovared” Russian tea. The urn Was found in Chicago through the suggestion of a Worker from Hull House. The owner was a very aged Russian grandmother who was living in an attic over a curious old Russian tavern in the outskirts, of Chicago. The quaint old lady was still using her samovar, but after persxiasion she gave it up; so that now, repolished and shining, the treasure stands on its matching brass tray, bringing satisfaction and pleasure to Miss Gamble as she proudly treats her guests to a cup of true Russian tea.
Adult Beginner’s Class in Ballroom Dancing Opens Wed., April 22 7:30 p. m. Class did not open last Wednesday on account of fire. Phone 2150 AJLLBN’S
Pstroniie Exponent Advertisere
In University Catacombs
By M. Cuoley and F. McKee
“We braved the dragon in his den, and lived to tell the tale”. Three timid co-eds, under the guidance of Mr. O. L. Petersen of ffte staff of the Physical Plant department stepped tremulously down a set of steel steps into that underground passage, the tunnel. Where, tradition has it, according to Joyce Williams who kindly accompanied her
two rei^dtrera; dwelle t^^^
dragon
whose idctme is eniblazdh# PurdUe seah The foam from his mouth may be ^ Seen On ;cold hiOrnings and the heat from his fiery body is given credit for making a little less treacherous certain walks of the campus which roof his den. This mile and a half of tunnel through which we wound omr yray has been coUstructed at different times in sections; the latest addition wC have been watching has made progress^ if slowly, since last fall. Climbing over and squirming under pipes in the tunhel we discovered that these pipes were painted in vivid color, not for the pleasure of the daily inspector, but for the convenience of all operators/ in case of emergency. 'The gray pipes contain steam; blue ones suggesting vakt bodies pf water, pipe drinking water; green'"painted tubes would pipe gas if there was any gas piped in the tunnel. Mr. Peterson explained how the pipes were connected to slide into each other and were anchored to the wall occasionally, to accommodate that mysterious thing called the coefficient of expansion. Progressing under the walk behind Recitation and University Halls, we frequently felt that we might have unexpected company, as fellow students crashed across the rectangular steel man hole covers above us; these noises echoing loudly in our ears. Under each hole was a small grating in the floor through which water may seep into the ground keeping the tunnel dry. We followed our leader down a short decline passing Under State Street. At this intersection the city gas line crosses the tunnel, and telephone lines for the University
enter.
Rising again on the other side
of State, the tunnel turns and its walls change. Thus far the^electdc wires had been carried in gi*ooves along the wall; at this point the wires ivere in pipes on a smooth wall. Mr^ Peterson explained that the tunnel from this point south was the first section built, and the grooved waljte wefe the '■testiit of U; brainstorm after the coffipl^ioh: of the first section. At this junction of : tuhnel sections oun guide decided We Coffid most easily leuve the tunnel and rise again to our normal ‘‘Sphere ef influence.” We hsd seen several narrow passages leading off fight angles to the tunnel, and Sfr. Peterson had told us that they carried the pipes and wires to the separate buildings. In a basCinent room to which the nairew pUssage led, vi/e saw the transfersnefs which cut the voltage froitt twenty-two hundred to that low enough to be used in electric appliances. Dragon? ; ' We were disappointed at not seeing the dragon in his lair, but sup posed that he was either in the part of the tunnel which approaches the Union or the part serving the EE building. Unacquainted as we are with engineering technicalities, we had heretofore considered the occasions al brick benches along the walks suitable only for little tete-a-tetes. Mr. Peterson, however, informed us that the prime purpose of these structures is to ventilate the tunnel. He derived considerable pleasure in warning us not to let out any precious secrets while resting on these benches; so we in turn pass on this valuable advice to Vic tims of this prevalent spring feVer. He indicated that tunnel inspectors could be amused if they had
time.
Purdue Sportswomen Purdue Sportswomen announce the initiation of Marjorie Charles, Mary Humphreys, Regina Kelly, Jeanette Scudder, Emily Tubbs, and Minadel Vencmann.
. DEAC HAS ETBEYTHING for « COLLEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISNER
os
SHINE UP for the P. I. A. Spring Dance at RED^S BARBER SHOP
PriiikMilRfer MweJEiiwgy
Phone 41035^
MUk is your best food—• it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building, ’S DAI HY
Pel Peeves' Eds Take Caret Quoting the McCleod... “ like green ties on boys biit a green tie is better than none at all,” . , “A tie of plaid and then a shirt of a different plaid annoy me,” Mary Mytinger. . . . “Striped socks of red, yellow, and orange are horrible,” cries Mary Jean Light. . . . “I hate fellows who apologize all evening for weaknesses like dancing or lack of money,”^ean Janousek. . . . Betty Barnett dislikes men with long hair. . . . Dotty Kuehn doesn’t care for black shirts and the hideous colors; fancied for men this spring.” V.. “I hate BOW TIES,” by Marj Poor. . . . Aline Marshall says, “Dirty cords and run-over shoes are inexcuable.” , Filthy senior cords is my pet peeve,” from Helen Creech “I thiiffiy twlsare; .rWicuta 1st,” from Union Ahspach. . . . “’Whiskers, and hu!> gaJfters- afe.alpppy,” :Mkfjdfie:ApffiS'4hi^*^^^ Peg Dicks can’t stand moustaches— neither ' ^cdii .Emily ; :Tubte, . Frankie Ford in the hospital; says, .‘‘I believe in s^disig flowers /on Easter.”..Marjorie Marquis dis.iik^s fellows collegiate with . bow ..tles .and pipes.. . Jean Perkins can’t love noh-shav-ers... .“Sis different combinations of colors 'Scare me,’-— Jean; Brown. .. “Bs^rds are S6fst«ffiy,”, shout Audrey Blow and Mary AMce Mas^ ters. . . . Niiia DeWitt thinks that mess jackets , make; men look- like waiters... '
ii^
'
Co-eds Bewarel What Btallings says, “Formals that drag on the floor and have , to be, held up are a ■ bother.”. . . Scholer thinks wbrnen should be left to chbo'se their own clothes and also should let men choose theirs. Cliff Hardin is. a smart ed—he does not like corsages: . . . “There’s nothing like a simonszed nose, and if it isn’t powdered I like ’em red,” from Bob Pugh. . .. . Bob Wiley doesn’t, like one. girl to. wear another girl’s clothes day in and day out...; “Ski suits a*W 0. K. if worn
where 1 won’t be.’OGene Wright. “Not that eds wdht the pale
es ’em - VanNaita hates girls talking about other co-eds behind their backs.... “I can’t begin to name my grievances,” says Carl Peth.... “I don’t like to carry stuff around at a danee^”-Bruce MeCandless.... Jim Shoemaker hates rolled stockings while Hugh Morris does not care for perfume. ... “Too much lipstick and bright colored fingernails are too noticeable,” according to Russ Hulse, the same criticism goes for Kenny Barnette. . . . “Why women wear masculine clothes is beyond me”—Jim Clark. , . . J. Ohaver never notices anything except now and then toO" much make-up. . . . H. Ahtoninl says, “Don’t let me get started?” ... von Harz likes feminine women. . 4'. “Too .much talking . by -a. girl annoys me,”—C. Harper. . . “Wierd ..looking ..chapeaux ..scare me,” Don Black Wilis JeWett thinks that girls haven’t been living up to the Leap Year Custom. . . . Forster says, “Peasant scarfs Worn over' 'the ;head': iW..Wiht^ iwe: silly.”". . , “Why in h— don’t girls have pockets instead., of; carrying huge hand bags,”—by-Brock. . . . BiH Hunt. likeis;neithbr--British: Tan.: stoekihgs 'or;ankle^^
{
iPUNG
^RVia.;
PHONt WfW *re..o o a ■s&**,CASSlL’S:«»
4 ;PHOTOS-" Enlargements 2Se
SUBBCEIBE FDR THE : . EHWiNt:' :.
Chew Cum To Taper Your—Er—hips; To Stave Off Lounge Lizards By E. Pyke Beauty experts and charm schools would have a girl acting foolishly in her attempt to become beautiful these advertising days. “Think beauty. Be beautiful. Chew Your Way to Beauty with ‘Triple M Gum is the theme song of one of the large--chewing-gum manufactoers in an advertising pamphlet named “The Call to Beauty”. It offers expert advice with ilius- —
trations
suggesting improvements
for the forehead, the back of the neck, the eyes, the abdomen, the
hips, and mouth. ; To Reduce Hips
To make one’s hips smaller the circular gives the following directions and illustrations :'“Chew gum to Tango time, right leg first.
Swing left leg out; touch heel. Bend right leg. Touch left toe.. Alterna|e,” f'he same exercise is prescNbed tor the legs. Anypsie gumption realizes the benefit is derived from the leg exercises, not the chewing-gum nffivement. One probably could compete in a funny face contest after following these directions for alltiring eyes. “Head back. Eyes up; Lips closed. Stretch top of lip way down while chewing ‘Triple M’ gum.” “Roll eyes. Then .stroke eyes gently with
fingers. Now still chewing, gently
and swiftly pat under eyes.” For the abdomen the advertiser reconimehds this exercise: “Inflate” deflate while chewing gum slowly.” “Charm School”, that part of the educational field that has infested the advantages of chewing gum instead of frowning on the habit in every female mind and body, tells an old-fashioned way. Some of the physical benefits of chewing gum being: 1 To keep the throat supple; 2 to present a double chin;
3 to aid digestion.
One of the modern advantages of gum is found at the bridge table “for better concentration, they say”. For football, basketball and other athletic activities a coach may advise gum-chewing. Physically as Well as socially chewing gum “has gone up in the wdrld” for the planb hostess offers it to the air traveller as a ‘bracer’, An astounding advantage of gum-cowing for girls is in warding off a man affectionately minded. Explanation: If a boy wants to kiss a girl, she can crack her gum at the crudial moment. Result: The boy does hot kiss the girl.
A plan is now being formulated in Paris to set up Idah exchange between 1,000 students in the U. S. and France.
Tonnr «no|iKli to be tototoUcalf M enough to be pracHcid; RiCillAED X BATH watchsLikkb 608 Main St
When you awaken
and yoii liave to make an S o^eloek
Of any other time when you
Thinking Fellow Calls A Yellow V-8 Ford Taxi Cab’*