" - If
>
the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, .Indiana, Wednesday, November 10, 1937
NUMBER 50
Five Qualify For Hanley Sophomore Speech Finals I Five sophomore engineering students were chosen yesterday, by members of the speech department, as qualifiers for the final Sophomore Hanley Speech Contest to be held tomorrow night at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union
Southworth Original Play Scrip! Contest is Now in Progress Open to any non-professional student, the annual Southworth Script contest for original 20 to 30 minute plays is now in progress, contest manager Don Wells announced last night. Interested persons may register at the PIA office in the Memorial Union Building. Manuscripts will be accepted up to 6 p. m., December 10. Inaugurated last year, the contest is for skits, one act plays, and radio productions, not to exceed 30 minutes in production time. The winner’s name will be engraved on the Southworth trophy which is on display in the browsing room. A. A. Radkey, at present a continuity writer for radio station WLW, won the contest last year. PIA sponsor of the contest, reserves all production rights, and in the event of sale of the manuscript, will retain one-half of the sale price. Credit in English courses will be awarded for participation on permission of the instructor. Prof. T. A. Coleman To Take Active Part In Annual College Meet One of the University’s staff representatives who will take an active part in the program for the fifty-first annual meeting of the Association of Land-Grant Colleges and Universities to be held in the nation’s capitol on November 15,16, and 17, is Professor T. A. Coleman, assistant director of the University’s Department of Agricultural Extension. Prof. Coleman, who is also serving as state leader of county agents and acting Grand Director of Epsilon Sigma Phi, national honorary extension fraternity, will be honored at the convention by having complete charge of, and making introductions for, the dedication of the James Wijison and Seaman A. Knapp Memorial Arches and the presentation of the memorial tablets to the U. S. Department of Agriculture.
Building. Those chosen were W. D. Croft, L. Hauprich, M. Karnowsky, J. E. Sheeks, and J. Swander. These sophomores will vie for the engineering ''handbook which will be given to the winner of tomorrow’s contest. No Award For Second Place Although there will be no award for second place in the final sophomore contest tomorrow night, both first and second place winners will be eligible to participate in the final Hanley Contest and will be the only sophomores in this contest. The eight competitors, two from each class (first and second place winners in their class contest), will meet March 3 to compete for the first and second prizes, $60 and $20 respectively, of the final Hanley contest. Moore Will Lecture On Chemist's Place In Varnish industry' Dr. Robert J. Moore, development manager of the Bakelite Corporation, Yonkers, N. Y., will initiate a series of lectures sponsored by the University section of the American Chemical Society next Monday night when he discusses “The Chemist and the Changing Varnish Industry.” The lecture will be preceded by a dinner in honor of Dr. Moore in the Memorial Union Building. Dr. Moore, a prominent figure in the field of chemistry, has gained experience through nine years of teaching at Columbia University and through his positions as director of the Fraser Laboratories in New York City, and as research chemist for Pratt and Lambert, chemical manufacturing concern. Active In Society Active in’ the affairs of the So ciety. Dr. Moore served as chairman of the Paint and Varnish division in 1933-34, and is the author of 15 papers contributing to chemical progress. Reservations for the dinner may be made with Dr. C. L. Shrewsbury, secretary of the University section of the AChS. The dinner is scheduled for 6 p. m. and will be followed immediately by the lecture in' room 106 of the Chemistry Building.
Happy Mechanicals Leave School For Inspection Trips
Hear WLS^ Phone Friends On Party Line By The Roving Reporter 1 i Lines crossed . . . WLS . . . Postal Telegraph ... Tom Mann .. . COE house .. . Bob Ross . . . dial 0 ... six Exponent phones booth 2, Union ... Who started it ? What it is ? How long can it last ? No one knows, but everyone has his private theory on the subject. As we of the Exponent understand the mixup, someone while fiddling around with his phone last eve, happened upon a secret number which, when dialed, permitted the listener to participate in a city wide borass of astounding degree. As many as 15 or 20 separate phones in remote parts of Lafayette and West Lafayette were exchanging wise-cracks at each other simultaneously. Those in on the mixup first claim to have heard programs of the National Broadcasting Company origi(iating in Chicago and being (or preparatory to being) transmitted over WLS-WENR. (Continued on page 4)
Pause At 11 To Accompany Armistice Day Celebration
Dr. Edward Randolph Bartlett, professor of religious education at DePauw University, who will address the Armistice Day banquet tomorrow evening in Cynthia Hall, annex to the West Lafayette Baptist Church.
Prexy Elliott Claims Most Pipe Lines Leak At Other End “We had hoped that the student body would respond generously to the generous and liberal attitude of the University trustees in grantin^>^tudents freedom of smoking on the campus,” stated-Ereddent Edward C. Elliott while munching a cookie at last night's Senate-faculty round-table, held in the reception room of the Memor-
ial Union Building.
Among other faculty members present at the meeting were Processor G. A. Young, head of the school of mechanical engineering, who gave his views on student problems confronting the Senate at the present time. Professor L. M. Sears, Jack Walter^, and Professor Robert
Phillips.
Discuss ‘Pipe Lines’ When President Rohyans asked for discussion on the ever-opportune subject of the “pipe lines,” President Elliott ventured to say, “I want to warn you that there are vqry few real pipe lines laid—most of them leak at the other end.” It was pointed out that everyone gains t)y better understanding between groups such as class and instructor, and that such relationships should be cultivated rather than booed and termed “sucking.” Both President Elliott and Jack Walters were particular in emphasizing the need for coordination of the 189 student activities on the
campus.
By Jim McKee “Where in is the conductor?” yelled a happy mechanical hanging out a window of the special train that was to carry him and a hundred other mechanicals to Detroit for the current inspection trip. “To much noise; he gave up,” came the reply. Almost anyone would ha\^ given up also had he been at the Wabash station late Monday night, as the Detroit bound sightseers wandered between “Froggies” and two special cars on the siding. At 10 p. m. the “Blazer” was filled with trunks, top coats, and sightseers. Between stops at taverns they made their way to the station where Prof. H. M. Jacklih was on hand to check them “Noiay Departure”—Jacklin “We’re making a very noisy departure,” was his comment at that time. Later he turned to a group of approaching suitcases and
called, “Hey you guys, have I got you checked in?” Walking over to the special cars, one cou(d hear the harsh notes of “Sweet Adeline” coming through the open windows. The front car was dark. On the platform between the cars, R. L. Holzbach stood to direct the seniors to the quiet or the noisy car. At 11:60 there were 12 tired travelers attempting to get a bit of sleep before departure. In the rear car, a game of poker was in progresg. Everyone was smoking. Prom out of the noise A. H. Hokanson yelled, “Let's go forward and wake the sleepers.’'^ They did. When the train pulled out the sleepers were in the rear car and the noise forward. What a Rat-Race As drum major “Chuck” Jorgenson swung aboard he sighed, “What a rat race!” And a rat race it wae. Hildred Dray was the only female aboard. (Continued on page 4)
Elliott Will Discuss Reading Obstacles “My Seven Obstacles to Satisfactory Reading—What Are Your’s?” is the title of a discussion to be led by University President Edward C. Elliott tonight at 7:30 in the browsing room of the Memorial Union Building. Dr. Elliott intends to discuss not only his own obstacles to satisfactory reading, but, through an open forum, discuss obstacles that
face students.
In the discussion he will attempt to give suggestions tending to eliminate these present obstacles. Since a similar series of meetings proved successful, last year, the student Union is inaugurating a new series of these lectures, according to Sully Mason, Union vice-president. University Of Delaware Employs Six Graduates Six Purdue graduates are now on the experiment station or agricultural extension staff of the University of Delaware at Newark, Del. They are A. D. Cobb, ’ll, assistant director of agricultural extension; Helen V. McKinley, '18, state leader of home demonstration work; John H. Skinner, Jr., of West Lafayette, a 1933 graduate, who is extension editor and publicity director; R. O. Bausman, ’14, associate agricultural research economist; Russell Wilson, ’17, county agent in Kent County with headquarters at Dover, and John M. Amos, ’32, assistant extension and research entomologist who recently joined the
staff.
Graduate Dames Club Initiates 30 Last Night Graduate Dames Club, a national organization for wives of men doing graduate work, held a dinner and initiation services last night in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. About 80 people attended the dinner, given in honor of the 30 initiaates. Each initiate was presented with a corsage. Mrs. R. B. SteAvart, who is the club’s new sponsor, was in charge of the meeting.
University Activity Will Cease As ROTC Officers Fire 21 Gun Salute Tomorrow All University activity will cease at 11 o’clock tomorrow morning, while, with bowed heads, students, workmen, instructors, and executives will stand at attention and ROTC officers fire a 21 gun salute in commemoration and recognition of Arm-
istice Day.
Five minutes before the salute all activity in the Memorial Union Building will come to a stop, not to be resumed until a 20 minute ceremony has been enacted. At 10:45 the great hall of the Union will reverberate with the sound of rolling drums and the call of a bugle. Following firing of the salute, the Scabbard and Blade Guard of Honor will place a wreath on the Memorial Tablet and taps will be sounded. WBAA To Air Ceremony Dr. F. B. Knight, of the education and psychology department, will give a short talk and ^Student Union President Tom Sheets will read the Purdue Honor Roll as portions of the program in the great hall. University broadcasting station WBAA will air the entire program. Inaugurating what they hope will become an annual affair, the Purdue Peace Committee is sponsoring a Peace Banquet at 6 p. m. tomorrow night. Due to previous reservation of the Union ballroom, the dinner is being held in the annex of the West Side Baptist Church. “Will For Peace” Religious Education Worker Dr. E. R. Bartlett, of DePauw University, will speak on “The Will For Peace, Is It An Illusion?” Music Director A. P. Stewart will lead group singing and Eva Robertson will supply violin selections during
the meal.
The peace banquet is open to all students and townspeople. Tickets may be purchased for 50 cents each at the Union desk or from R. A. Buckles before tomoiirow noon.
Twenty-Four Enroll In Poultry Short Course Twenty-four persons representing five states enrolled Monday and Tuesday in the nineteenth annual University poultry short course which last two weeks. Prof. C. W. Carrick, head of the poultry department, announced Tuesday. The states represented were Indiana, Illinois, New Jersey, Ohio, and Missouri.
Prof. Hoffman Speaks To Detroit Engineers “In the installation and use of various types of heating systems, there are many pitfalls where the heating men may get into trouble,” said Prof. J. D. Hoffman, head of the department of practical niechanics at Purdue University, who spoke yesterday at the annual meeting of the Michigan chapter of the American Society of Heating and Ventilating Engineers at Detroit, Mich. ^ “Poor house construction that does not conserve the heat, is one diffi culty to overcome. Careless installations of heating units have to be watched closely. In fact, the critical householder these days is becoming conscious of the fact that his home can be so constructed and the heating system so planned that he can have comfort and he is beginning to demand that this be done.
Penalty Dates
During the present semester there are six penalty dates. They are November 19, 22, 24, 26, from noon December 17 to noon December 18 and January 3. These days represent the 24 hour periods before and after the day of the Indiana vs. Purdue football game, Thanksgiving Day and the Christmas Recess. Executive Memorandum: No excuse will be granted prior to any absence on penalty dates. Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake, may file with the Dean of Men a certified, detailed statement explaining the case within seven ‘days following the close of the recess petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary payment. Penalty Rule: Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the twenty-four hours (not ihcluding Saturday afternoon nor Sunday) immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the cashier an extra fee of $5.00 for each twentyfour hour period or fraction thereof missed. M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men.
End Of Week Is Last Chance For Playshop Seat Reservations After this week, Playshop seat reservations will not be available until shortly before the opening production, “Hell Bent Fer Heaven.” For the remainder of this week, however, seats may be reserved any day, except Saturday, from 1 to 5 p. m. at the theatre office in Eliza Fowler Hall. The season coupons remaining after this week will be boosted from the current price of $1 to $1.50. Those season subscribers who do not make their reservation this week have to wait in turn for seats along with non-subscrib-ers when the box-office opens. Close Box Office Following this week, the box office will not be open until the weekend preceding the show—November 25 and 26. While the show is in production, the box office, in Fowler Hall, will be open from 1 p. m. until curtain time. Work on Fowler Hall, preparing it for coming Playshop productions, is well under way. The pipe organ has already been removed and the scaffolding is now erected in preparation for installation of a new acoustical ceiling. PIA Plans Tea Dante For Members, Guests Saturday Saturday afternoon, from 3:30 to 5:30 p. m. the Purdue Independent Association will hold a tea dance in the Union ballroom. Bob Shinn and the PIA orchestra will furnish the rhythm for the members of the Association and their guests. Literary Group Reviews Link's 'Return To Religion' Henry C. Link’s “Return to Religion” was reviewed before the YWCA Literature Group meeting yesterday at 4 p. m. by Mary Alice
Learning.
At the next meeting, to be held November 23, the program will be composed of several group readings. Faculty Members To Help Judge Livestock Pi-of. W. W. Smith, of the University animal husbandi-y department, and Prof. A. T. Wiancko, head of the agronomy department, will be among those Hoosiers who will help award ribbons to the world’s best livestock and grain at the coming International Livestock Exposition at Chicago, November 27 to Decem-
ber 4.
Prof. Smith will judge hogs in the junior feeding contest, and Prof. Wiancko will he on the corn judging committee. Other Indiana men who act as judges are O. R. Quakenbosh, Sharpsville, who will place Oxford sheep; Ralph Harris, Kokomo, who will judge Cheviot sheep; E. F. Barker, Thorntown, who will tie ribbons on the Berkshire and Spotted Poland China hog clasaes, and Arthur Thomson, Wabash, scheduled to judge Chester Whites.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday/ November 10# 1937
r
Convocation Complications— What’s The Solution? So much criticism of the University’s handling of convocations has come to our ears during the past day that we are coming to the defense of the committee in charge of them. Some 250 to 300 students were turned away from Monday night’s musical convocation and those students are justly indignant at having paid for tickets and then not being able to find seats on the night of ;the program. Probably there are some faculty members in the same boat. Perhaps a statement of the facts that niust be taken into account in arranging the convocations will clarify the committee’s situation. First; about 6,200 students have passports that are supposed to admit them to all convocations and lectures. Two dollars of each student’s fees are spent in providing the year’s program. Tickets are available to the faculty at $3.50 apiece, with a limit of two tickets to each member. Approximately 300 tickets were sold to the teaching staff this fall. Some instructors passed up the opportunity of attending the convocations, although they enjoy them, because they preferred to see students given first rights. The convocaitions committee has a choice of two buildings for presenting musical performances: the Memorial Gymnasium and Jefferson Gymnasium. Our own gym seats 2,800 persons (a few hundred more find standing room), while Jeff will accommodate an audience of about 6,000. /• The cost of setting up the Memorial Gym for a convocation is about $175; Jeff Gym can be secured for $50. Lawrence Tibbett drew a capacity crowd at Jeff last year. Last month the place was only about half filled for the Rethberg and Pinza convocation. Students criticize the convocations committee when programs are presented at Jeff because they have to spend a dime for carefare, and almost an hour is required in getting across the levee and back. When convocations are held in the Memorial Gym, visitors are often turned back. Less difficulty is experienced with placing the lecture programs since they attract fewer persons. An exception occurred when 200 or 300 people were turned away from General Smedley Butler’s talk in the Memorial Gym. Fowler Hall and the Armory are both available for lectures, in addition to the two buildings mentioned before. The former will seat 1,300 persons, the latter, we guess, at least 6,000. The expense of arranging the hall for convocations is practically nominal. The Armory can be prepared at a cost of about $200, but its use can not always be secured from the military department, since some interference with the department’s work always results. The Wagnerian singers come here December 9 for our next musical convocations program. Again there is the choice between the Memorial Gym and Jeff Gym, but there is another possible alternative; the singers might be engaged for two nights. But is it worth the extra $1,000, or whatever the cost might be, to extend their stay here . . . does campus interest justify the expense?
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER ^gociated KAWSOM WISCONSIN Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section’ll03, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions .$3 per year; by mail $3.50. REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY NatidfsaiidveriissilgServkeJilC. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison AVE. new York, N. Y. CHICAGO - BOSTOH - Los ANGELES - SAN FRANCISCO MAIN OFFICE i 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editori^al Phone 5037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief R. P. Manion
Business Manager D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor - J. E. Brock Associate Editors D. A, Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary... ...Margaret Sawyer ■ i BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager ...W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager.. ...J.M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF / Editor Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors.,, Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor • R. R. Obenchain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All, opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Issue Editor—Woodson Night Editor—Stanback Wednesday, November 10, 1937
On January 13, the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra will be presented in the new Fieldhouse. If acoustics of the building produce a favorable effect the problem will be solved ... at least for convocations involving group performances. Soloists might be handicapped there. The Fieldhouse will .accommodate all students and faculty members. Another possible solution to the convocations difficulty is arranging to have all next year’s entertainers, at least the more popular Ones, here on two successive nights. The extra expense would probably necessitate cutting down the program for the year to about twothirds its present size. Still another outlet is the construction of an auditorium on the rear side of the Administration Building. Original plans of that building provide for an auditorium, so located, to accommodate 6,000 to 7,000 persons. ' Here it is a question of finding a large amount of money for construction purposes. Other buildings are needed on -the campus and plans are drawn up for them. Who knows which will be built first ? There you have some of the facts. What is your solution? Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the convocations and public lectures committee, will be glad to receive any suggestions . . . and so will we.
“Jim Farley” Comes To Purdue Dear Editor: Although Purdue’s “Jim Farley” Ehlers, a transfer student on the campus for only eight weeks, is just a mere sophomore, he feels confident he will control the junior and senior elections for Prom and Gala Week. He also seems to know more about Purdue’s campus politics of the past few years than those juniors and seniors who have been active in politics. Due to the fact that Mr.'Wright is out of towp on an inspection trip, and so is unable to defend himself, we the remaining members of the PIA Board, for whom Mr. Wright acts as political chairman, wish to state his case as it is. In our conversation with Mr. Ehlers last night concerning his letter to you, he said, “I was so d disgusted, because we had gone to so much trouble and work to try to get a new idea across, and then to have it shot to h- that I did not care what I said in my letter.” Mr. Ehlers, as a matter of fact, admits that he did not place all his cards on the table before Mr. Wright except for three small cards and one large one, all of which were blank on both sides. The PIA Board weighed the advantages and disadvantages of all possible political affiliations, and made their decision such that the greatest definite representation would be given to PIA members. In Mr. Wright’s decision to Mr. Ehlers, he was only representing the PtA, Board and the entire organization. B. B. Clymer, Ag’38 Vice-president PIA.
Why Buy Con VO Ticket When You Can’t Get Seats? Dear Editor: In your issue of Sunday, November 7, 1937, there was an editorial asking why students did not take advantage of the numerous worthwhile convocations held on the campus. Being a regular attendant at convocations, I rather took that to heart. In response, I ask, why are not convocations held in a place large enough to accommodate the number of people who want to hear them? Monday ' evening 1 went to the Memorial Gym in anticipation of hearing a couple of hours of good music by the Cossack Choir. Knowing that the Gym would be' crowded for such a popular program, I was on hand half an hour early. Imagine my disappointment in finding the doors jammed with students trying to get in, and in finding, after I had made my way into the lobby, that not even standing room was left. There were some hundreds of similar dismayed students filtering along the walks away from what had promised to be one of the most interesting convocations of the year. Of what use, we want to know, are these idtentification tickets that represent an investment of money for the Purdue Committee on Convocations and Lectures, if we can’t even get into the hall where the convocation is being held ? Hasn’t past experience shown vi’vidly enough that Memorial Gym isn’t adequate for convocations ? R. E. Appleyard, EE ’40.
Here’s To Good Prom Dear Editor: Every year dissatisfaction with the Prom orchestra rears its ugly head. CHIEF REASON — Tickets must be purchased before the band is chosen. PROPOSED REMEDY— Select the Prom Orchestra before placing the tickets on sale. PROBABLE RESULTS;—Prom-goers will get their money’s worth; Prom committee members will retain their popularity with the rest of the students AFTER the event as well as before the, election; Committee will hire a band which will please a larger number of students who have to plank the $4 on the line. It is true that refunds were offered dissatisfied ticket holders last year, but this set-up is worthless because it takes a lot of crust for a man to break a Prom date at the last, minute. This year’s Military Ball Committee did a good job. They arranged for a top notch orchestra; They opened the sale of tickets after the orchestra was announced; and they charge $3 for an event far more successful than last year’s $4 Prom. These fall Prom Committee elections should enable the victorious candidates to hire an orchestra well in advance of the year’s No. 1 social event, and if they do, the Prom can’t help being a success. D. S. Pool, Sci’38. P. S. Let’s have decent programs this year instead of those leather and paper scraps of last spring. D. S. P. Editor’s Note: Last week’s feature on the horticultural department’s sunken garden elicits the following reply from a senior agricuKural student. Dear Editor: Yes, we admit it is true that we have a sunken gardep where the air is cool, the light is soft, and where
AN OPEN LETTER TO GEORGIANA BAKER : Dear Georgiana: We thought the depths of dirty tricks had been reached when we heard about a girl several years ago who affected a headache and went home early from the Cotillion in order to have a date with another fellow the same evening ... and that after the first boy friend had sent her an orchid. But Saturday night, you pulled a trick which stands alongside the one mentioned above as the dirtiest gold digging machination in the annals of Purdue history. You called up a half hour before the dance and broke a date which you had had for two weeks. It wouldn’t have been so bad if the boy were a twerp or if you had given a logical excuse, but the fellow is one of the finest,' and can he do the “Big Apple”—your excuse just wasn’t. In the future remember that Chi O’s can’t do anything they please and get away with it. Disgustedly, Your Friend. And then there’s the one about freshman Dick Groff who after taking his date home and missing the last street car back to West Lafayette, decided to hitch-hike. Was he embarrassed when he discovered the obliging picker-upper was a cab dri-
FROSHIE AT THE BAT Under the light of a student lamp A college freshman sits; The youth a man he hopes tq be Before he calls it “quits.” A mighty lad is he we know. He lives on pride and hope. But unexpected things perk up And overthrow the dope. The “yellow slips” are kindly tips That make way to his door; He mopes awhile, but with a smile Returns to par once more. Why come tq school and like a fool Spend all of Papa’s dough; So tlmn my lad, you can’t blame Dad For things you will not know. Your sophomore and junior year Will soon be in your past; Your senior year then lies at stake And it will too go fast. And then you’ll step out in the world And wonder where you’ll ^fit; You’ll take your knowledge to the “plate” And hope you’ll get a HIT! —Ray Burger. NOTE TO TOM SHEETS; Why didn’t the Student Union sponsor group-singing for those unfortunates who were locked out of Con VO Monday night? ? ? ? ?
the atmosphere fairly breathes' ^f romance. It is true that we have kept it a secret, but there is a reason! Horticultural students broadly look beyond the pleasantties of a few blood-stirring moments in this garden, and see engagements broken, pins given back, vows unmade —all the result of a stroll or walk through this garden when things were topsy-turvy, the tongue got warm and wagged at both ends. We know that no couple is immune, and we know that when night, which has masked with beauty the harshness of man’s construction, has gone, and when dawn comes and views change, the inevitable occurs: Warm lips turn cold, soft gleams become hard, promises are broken and true love becomes a cherished dream—no longer a reality. In. lieu of these results, knowing that they will occur, students in horticulture try to keep the ‘after pain’ from the student body, by just giving no encouragement to its happening. , ~ Wayne B. Fisher, Ag ’38*
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“—and remember! Your boy friend must stop taking away the morning paper when he says good night 1”
By Sally McKee “May I write a letter on the typewriter? Is it polite?” are two oftrepeated questions. Emily Post says absolutely nothing but business letteirs may be written on the typewriter. To this, however, common sense,makes some amendments. How well do you know the person to whom you are writing ? Is he older than you ? How bad is your handwriting ? To your family it is permissible, if they , don’t object, to write on the typewriter. To a friend of either sex whom you know very well it is generally all I'ight if you type your note. To an elderly person a typewritten piece may seem disrespectful, so probably should not be sent. Re-
LAST DAY
STARTING TOMORROW GLADYS GEORGE in “MADAME X”
-LASTDAY-
eigiisieN®.! EeeOL FLYNN
.SPECIMEN -.1 JOAN BLONDELl HUGH HEHBtRT jiEDW EVEREILHOHTON j DICK EQRAN BEVEREV ROBERTS 'MRy ROBSOK gfOlp JEKRWS Oftfrij'd li» MICHAU cURW-SprfsmlNWiJ-HSIIHfR.llJIOS, A lIRSI RAriORAL PIOIIIrT
—STARTING THURSDAY— WARNER GLAND —In— “CHARLIE CHAN ON BROADWAY” - "Bind— KENT TAYLOR IRENE HERVEY —In— ^ “THE LADY FIGHTS BACK”
member always that the typewriter is a new contraption and is just making its headway into our customs. Hand writing is more personal and if you want to put the most of yourself into the letter use it. To you who use bad handwriting as an excuse we say—we’d rather read a typewritten letter than not read a handwritten one, but if you try, you can generally make your handwriting legible.
ARC
—LAST DAY— MARTHA RAYE in “HIDAWAY GIRL”
BOB ALLEN in ‘Law of the Range’
mm—LAST DAYDON AMECHE, LORETTA YOUNG
‘LOVE UNDER FIRE’
“THE ROAD BACK”
—STARTING THURSDAYCHARLES BICKFORD in . “THUNDER TRAIL” —and— “The Game That Kills”
Warner Baxter
Myrna Loy
I ■ in
Broadway
Bill
TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
—Plus
The Girl Said No
with
Robert Armstrong
STARTS TOMORROW TWO FEATURES
THE coacoo COMICS ARE AS GOOFY AND MERRY AS EVEBi
I ON AGAIH \ on AGAIN I i wilh ~ ^ I WIL-DER I MARJORIE LORD 5 « Rko TiAtvio 'iiuiitiiii'
The Dynamic Mystery Thriller!Wednesday, Novembjer 10.' 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
►
Thirteenth Annual Purdue Mi-Campus Walking Race To Be Held This Afternoon This afternoon on Intramural Field the thirteenth annual Purdue walking race will be held. Last night a total of 10 entries had been made at the Intramural office.
^Best Prospects Yet For Boxing Squads ’ Declares Maxwell “We have the best bunch of boxers this year that I’ve ever seen at Purdue University!” enthusiastically exclaimed boxing coach “Punchy” Maxwell yesterday afternoon when asked what he thought of boxing prospects for the coming season. “All my best men from last yeai are back, and in better form than ever. Hardesty, Lyles, Ramputi, and Bacharach—^they’re all working out eveiy night, and they’ve all improved.” 59 Men Out Up to the present time 59 men have signed up for boxing, with another 30 expected to come out after the football season is over. The boys are working just now for the Golden Gloves competition, the annual boxing tournament sponsored by the Chicago Tribune. First eliminations will probably be run off the first or second weeks of December.
TOUCHBALL Today—4:15 Field 7— Ward 11 vs. Ward 7X or Ward 11A—^Briscoe. 8— North 1 vs. North 2—Juillard. 9— Noith 3 vs. East 1—Caparosb. 10—East 2 vs. East 3.—Boyer.
Three times around the Inti amui - al field IS the course for this unique type of race. Any attempts at methods other than walking, to gain speed will disqualify contestants. Heel and toe foim must be used Runners crossing the finish first, second, and third will leceive medals. Up to last evening the following had enteied: A. Rohn, W. Findt, C J. Echteiline, M. D. Kubec, F. J. Wright, M. Karnoupsk, A J. Golden, G. Tiedwell, W. Biiscoe, and B Edwards. Inferbatlery Softball Enters Quarterfinals Interbattery softball competition has reached the final stages of play, with eight teams still in the tournament. Today and tomorrow will see the quarter and semi-final matches played off. Either Fiiday oi the fiist part of next week the two teams who go to the finals will play their game as an indoor match. The contest will be held either in the Armory or the new Fieldhouse. Membeis of the winning team will be awarded gold medals for their softball ability.
MILITARY SOFTBALL Today—4:15 1—H-1 vs. A-2. 3—B-3 vs. E-2. 5_D-3 vs. E-3. 7_C-1 vs. A-4.
Benz Will Lead Biidgers Gridmen Scrimmage In Preparation For Badgers
Your Application
IS
Most Important
SOMETHING TO SELL? WANT HELP? DID YOU LOSE SOMETHING? DO YOU WANT WORK? If so, make your application through the medium of the Exponent Classified Columns.
the p-
URDUE Exponent
Scrimmage will be the dish for the^Boilermak6r eleven this week with a gradual tapering off of heavy work near the end of the week as they prepare for their fourth Big Ten tilt of the season with the Wisconsin Badgers Saturday afternoon at
Camp Randall.
Wisconsin began Monday putting
its squad through a week of intensive di ill Coach Stuhldreher is concentrating on offense, timing, and cooidination of team play. The Badgers will engage in no contact work this week, however, since la.st week’s open date allowed them plenty of time foi scrimmage at that
time.
Purdue is supposedly “behind the eight ball” as fai as breaks go so fai this season. Recalling the Northw'estein game and otheis, when the Boileimakeis tumbled before the onslanghter of “old dame luck”, one would say that Purdue is due for the bleaks and Saturday would be as good a day to start as any Puidue, who boasts one of the best backfields in the conference in .Block, Jiiska, and the Isbell biotheis, will have a decided advantage because of the yeakness of the Wisconsin linemen. The tdckle candidates, whose inexperience has proven a heavy handicap to date and who will piobably be subjected to a heavy attack by the hardhitting Boilei makers, are especially weak.
Fred Benz, senior Badger end, was elected acting captain of the Wisconsin squad Monday for Saturday’s game against the Boilermakers. Coach Stuhldreher has been following the practice this season of choosing a different captain for each game.
By Dick Obenchain
The Fordham game proved something that we have been thinking about for quite some time. The thought IS that our football team has one very vblind spot—pass defense . . . Fordham completed seven out of 10 passes in that game, thiee foi touchdowns . . . and the thiee touchdown passes weie to a man who was so open that he seemed to be about the only man on the field . . This Boileimaker weakness almost proved fatal in the Iowa and Cai-
negie games, too.
—fc—
One of the finest exhibitions of school spirit that we have ever come across was shown by the old grads at the Fordham game . . . almost a hundred couples, many of whom were of the ’07 class, met at the home of Fred Schaff in Bronxville about 11 o’clock before the game, talked over the game and sang Purdue songs until game time.
—^fc—
After the game, the grads and students who made the trip met for cocktails and dinner at the Vanderbilt ... it seemed that several hundred giads were present . . . Bill Hodgdon, Johnny Van Natta, Glen Martin, and about 50 more of last year’s class dominated the scene. Ed Skoronski, grid captain in 1935, also was present at this gathering . the alumni of New York City, under the leadership of Bob Gates and Fred Schaff, both ’07 men, should certainly be congratulated for the program which they conducted for the Purdue fans ... it seems a shame that this Fordham series will be discontinued after next year. Pat Clinton To Play For Alpha Xi Pledge Dance Pat Clinton’s campus orchestra will play for the Alpha Xi Delta pledge dance Saturday night at Duncan Hall, from 9 until 12. Margaret Jones will be in charge of arrangements for the event which will be the sorority’s annual Rose Dance. Chaperones for the dance will be Dr. and Mrs. S. S. Cromer, Pi-of. and Mrs. John Schwab, Dr. and Mrs. Otis Trimble, and Prof, and Mrs. H. G. Venemann.
Injured Guard
Wallie Cole, senior right guard, sustained a bruised shoulder in the Northwestern fracas, but is expected to be in the line-up for the Badgers when they clash with Purdue this week-end.
»the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
— Bifokstores — SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic Da PAUL A. BISK Da HAKOLD J. BISK Da BOBEBT 6. BISK Da LUTHEB A. BISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 — Locksmith — F. Jos. MuUiaupt & Stm Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock eerelce eur L. C. N. Door Ooaer Dtetitbttton 2()S9-211 N. 5th St., Phone 282a
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Furniture —
Student Equipment 3JuAnJliuA£ Qn. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728 — Beauty Studio —-
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Specials, Thors. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 862 Main Phene 7727'4 ’ ^
4i
MBhhhwi
5 ^
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday. November 10. 1937
Happy Mechanicals-
(Continued fiom pa^e 1)
Time came to hitch to the le^ulai tiain. The engmeei^i watched closely the coupling Soon Cail Sadlei and the poitci weie conveising “Breakfast w ill be served at 4 a. m.” said the poitei “If ^ou think I m getting up at 4 foi giub, you’ie ciazy,” 'vas Gail’s onlv answei “Hey, poitei,” and “Red cap,” \elled the late comeis.
This gioup of mechanicals will visit Geiieial Motors, Foid, Stinson All Cl aft. Dodge, and many othei plants in the Detioit aiea Pi of. H G “Pop” Venemann spoke foi the seniois “Although we’ie split up into two gioups, it’s the biggest ciowd that evei went on such a ti ip ” Others Leave In Morning Two other sightseeis weie theie, but they didn’t go until latei that morning They weie Louis Putze, PSE, and Ward Stallings, anothei mechanical “We’ll find out what’s wrong with the Outei Diive, visit night courts, go thiough the ciime detection lab, visit the mayoi, and everything. The PSE’s will go in piivate cars and be theie 100 per cent as usual,” said they
“The Chicago bound mechanicals will visit the Gary Steel Mills, Nash, Tribune Towei, and many othei places. We’re going foi a good time.” said Exponent Managing Editor, Jack Block.
Phoney Phones-
(Continued from page 1)
Someone way down the line ventured to explain that perhaps this radio station’s leased wire through Lafayette possibly had been accidentally crossed with the Purdue special party line, originated last night.
Telephone company officials couldn’t explain it, the oiigmal dialer couldn’t explain it, we still don’t know how it happens, yet the boys have called a hookup for tonight at 10 p m.
WB AA Programs
Wednesday, November 10 11-OO—American Institutions, Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time. 12'30—Sports Review by Bob Heine. 12:45—Don R Devinney, tenoi. 1 00—Meditations, Di. Claude Young. 1:15—Vocational Guidance, Judge W. Lynn Pai kinson. 1 30—Keeping Ahead of the Joneses. 1 45—Market and Weather Reports. 2.00—Lafayette Giade School. 2 15—This Week in Literature, A. R. Rolfs. 2 •30—You And Your Child, Mrs. Cable Ball, Mrs Kok^s. 2 45—Cathedral Echoes, Mrs Irvin Jackson. 3’00—The Home Decorator. 3:15—The American Scene. 3:30—Music With the Masters 4 00—Story Book Horn. 4-15—Clarice Speei, populai songs. 4.30—Better Vision Program. 4:45—Twnlight Melodies
University Calendar
-TODAY-
Town and Gown: Dmnei at 6 p m. in peasant room of the Union. Christian Foundation: Meeting at 7:30 p m. in room A of the Union Building. Newcomers: Bridge paity at 7:30 p. m. m faculty lounge of Union Building. New Testament Class: Meeting at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union Building. PI A Dance Class: Meeting at 7*30 p. m. in the Union ballroom. Silver Mask: Meeting at 7:30 p. m. in room D of the Union Building. Stamp Collectors: Meeting at 7:30 p. m. in room F of the Union Building.
collegiate corner
By Mary Cooley The fate of Spearfish Normal football team, fiom Spearfish, S. D, hung on a pair of football pants, a few weeks ago. The team came to Abeideen to play the Noithein State Teachers’ College. The Spearfish team had an “All-American” tackle, according to its coach, but he couldn’t play because they couldn’t find a pan of pants to fit his 260 pounds of brawn and muscle “I’ve wiied eveiy spoitmg goods company, and if a pan arrives in time foi the game so I can use him, we’ll have a good chance to win,” said the coach.
Teaching at Cleveland College of Western Reseive University is a family affan to 12 members of the faculty There are now six “husband and wife” teams teaching at the college.
Bandsmen at the Umveisity of Minnesota aie really just little boys. Initiation rules for fiist year men contain this. “Always cairy one bag gooey gum drops; one tin legitimate cigarettes, one package good gum, and aftei dinner mints are dam good.”
Theie are 950 students at the School of Maturates in Oklahoma City, a school which trains boys and girls ovei 70 yeais of age to live on past then insuiance maturity dates. “Our most impoitant course is how to eat,” said Dr. W. A. McKeever, head of the school. “Every one of the students must maj'or in diet. You’d be surprised how they perk up when you get all the acidity
out of them Then we teach our boys and gills to find something to occupy then minds. They can select anything they want under this heading “I have a boy of 97 who swings 10 pound dumbbells ten minutes a day and takes a three-mile walk. I have a girl past 80 who sings and another in the 90s who is a good artist. Then there’s another student in his 80’s who luns a goat farm, and I j'ust lost a 113-year-old boy who was doing his own plowing every day.” “If you want to live to be 100, here’s the prescription: 1 Eat three light meals a day and only alkaline foods. 2 Have a job you like 3. Have lots of friends and read the newspapers for current affairs 4. Stop grumbling and don’t talk ablout old age and pains. Don’t pi each against the younger generation. Get out with the young people. Dance a jig. 5. Don’t sleep moie than six hours a day. Have so many interests that you need the extra time to pursue them.
Basketball Coaches
Plan Clinic Tomorrow
One of the first gem couises given in an American university will enable the University of Wisconsin co-ed to determine whether she is receiving a bona fide diamond ring. It deals with the appreciation of the cut and quality of precious stones.
A fire which swept North Hall at Slippery Rock College sent 167 very scantily-clad co-eds out into early morning cold. No one was injured, but damage totaled about $400,000.
Plans are now complete for the Western Indiana Officials’ third annual basketball clinic, which will be held in the Jefferson High School auditorium tomoriow evening at 7:30 o’clock. The clinic is being held to bung about a bettei understanding between fans and arbiteis and to show all lefeiees, coaches, and players how the new rules and new styles of play will woik out this season. Movies Will Be Featured The featuie of the clinic will be a two-ieel sound movie, with such coaches as Dave MacMillan of Minnesota, George Keogap of Notre Dame, Dr. Carlson of Pittsburgh, and John Bunn of Stanford all cooperating in a basketball school Mel Taube, Piggy Lambert’s cage assistant, will be the piinicipal speaker.
Phi Mu‘ Meeting: is postponed until Novembei 10 at 7 o’clock m the Union —GAYLORD
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
LOST—White flexible biacelet in vicinity of Fowler Hotel. Reward. Phone Waltei Fusiek. 5290
Notices
No Notices Accepted After 8 p m
Conditional Students: Examinations for the removal of conditions in ME 31 and ME 61 will be griven December 4 at 1 p m in room SOI of the Mechanical Engineering: Building Any student wishing to take this test must see me before November 27 —MESSERSMITH
Alpha Lambda Delta: New members pay dues not later than November 10 Pins are $3 60 extra Leave money at the Union desk for Janette Morns —MORRIS
University Orchestra: Rehearsal November 10 at 7 p m in Music Room of Memorial Union Building —PHILLIPS
Lafayette Philatelic Society: Meeting November 10 at 7 30 p m in room P of the Union —MILLER
Purdue Christian Foundation Cabinet Meeting in room A of the Union, November 10 at 7 30 p m —CRISS
Pony Chorus: Bob Skinner and Betty Burns report for rehearsal to the toVrer room of the Union at 4 p. m November 10 —TAYLOR.
WAA Riflery: Practice November 10, 6:15 Ward 3, 7 make-up, 7 46 Theta, 8 80 Pi Phi —CHRISTENSON
Delta Rho Kappa: Pledge meeting November 13 at 7 p m in room B of the Un—MERRITT
WAA Council Meeting: November 11 at 7 16 p m in the WAA office —MERRITT
ASME: Members may get their November magazines at the instrument room of the ME Building Pins and charms for new members are in —CLUTTER.
Debns Sophomores. Meeting of all sophomores on the Debris sales staff November 10 at 4 p m in the Debns office to make out file cards —SIEBENTHAL
Piayshop Publicity Committee: Meet in Union sub-basement at 4 p m , November 11 —MULLER
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting November 10, at 7.46 in the WSGA office —STEWART
Poultry Club: Meeting November 10 at 7 30 p m in the Poultry Building There will be an election held for officers for the 1938 Baby Chick and Egg show All persons interested ate urged to be present. Short-course members are welcome —JONES
WSGA Executive Board: Plans for festival day will be discussed with the faculty board at 7 p m November 10 in the WSGA office —STEWART
PIA Social Committee: All members meet at 7 30 p m November 10 in the PIA office Bring all material for proposed booklet —FARKHURST
PIA Advanced Dance Classes- Meet Novembei 10 at 7 30 p m in the Union ballroom —CLYMER
LOST—Racine wiist watch m the Union Satuiday night Rewaid. Call Fishei 5037
WANTED—Student washings at reasonable puces Call for and deliver. Phone 76402.
Thomas Say Entomological Society: Regular monthly meeting in Agriculture Hall November 11 at 7 30 p m —FAVINGER
Prom and Gala Week Committees: Secure petitions at Senate office, loom A 4 to 5pm November 10 to 23 —ELLIOTT
POMM and Scabbard and Blade: Men who are to participate in firing of Armistice Day salute report to Armory November 10, at 4 p m —EMRICK
Piayshop Art Committee Report to subbasement November 10 at 4 p m —DIETRICH
Co-ed Hockey: Juniors vs sophomores Novembei 10 at 4 p m —DOBSON
PIA Staff. There will be a PIA staff meeting November 10 at 7 p m —MEACHAM
Piayshop: All theatre salesmen who still have tickets must have them checked by November 11 —DIETRICH
Sophomore Union Workers: Our committee report to the Union office at 4 p m November 10 —WOOD, JACOBSON, CROSSMAN
Union Sophomores: Our committees report to Union workshop at 4 p m November 10 Very important —CABONARGI, MATTHEWS MASON
Orchesis- Practice and important business meeting in the womein’s gymnasium at 7 30 p m November 10 j
-HARRY
Alpha Zeta Meeting of pledges and actives in the Memorial Union Building at 7 30 p m November 10 —UNDERWOOD
Purdue Student Alliance: No meeting this week All members are advised of the Armistice Day peace banquet to be held at 6pm November 11 Make reservations now by calling 6779 —BUCKLES
Armistice Day Banquet Committee. All persons selling tickets or assisting arrangement of program please report for short meeting November 10 at 4 p m in room D of the Union HOWARD
Chesterfields give more pleasure to smokers wherever th^y are . . .
On land or sea or in the air Chesterfields satisfy millions all over the world. They’re refreshingly milder. . . They’re different and better.
hesterfield
that smokers like
Copyright 1937, Licairr dc Myms Tobacco Co,
mJ