Volume 53, No. 156
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, April 1,
Student Senate Picks Joe Neff As President
Union Selects 11 Vice-Presidents
New Officers Elected
Six Eds, Five Coeds Comprise Junior
Staff; Board To Elect Seniors Tonight
PIA Chooses Dick Sleeper
For Semester Term
Eleven sophomores were elected to fill Student Union junior vice-president positions for the next two semesters by the Student Union Electoral Board last night in the West faculty
lounge of the Union. Of these, six men and five coeds were chosen by the board consisting of President E. C. Elliott; , L. M, Vallely, manager of the Union; and the junior and senior^ PfjdtfTiQCIStS
officers of the Student Union. ———■
Party As New '42 Officers
Student Senate members last night elected Joe Neff, juniof chemical engineer and member of Kappa Sigma social fraternity and the Interfrateinity Presidents’ Council, president of the student-governing body. Dave Frost, junior chemic0 engineer, member of Kappa Sigma, Catalyst Club, and Phi —— ^—— Lambda Upsilon, was named
Exclusive Junior
Voters Number Half
The following sophomores were elected to vice-president positions last night: Ted Chapman, Delta Tau Delta; Will Hiller, Beta Theta Pi; Gone Katterjohn, Phi Delta Theta; Dale Kiester, Phi Sigma Kappa; Coi'tlandt Nelson, Phi Gamma Delta and Bill Purman, Phi Gamma Delta. The coedf? selected were: Ruth Frier, Kappa Alpha Theta; Mary Catherine Gee, Chi Gmcg-a; Betty Hutchins, Alpha Chi Omega; Virginia MacDonald, Kappa Alpha Theta; and Marian Siegler of La-
fayette.
Tonight electoral hoard, minus its junior Student Senate Union representatives, will meet again in the west faculty lounge of the>Union to choose the four senjor c.xecutives for the coming year.
Annual Best Soldier To Hear Miner,
Of Last Year's Total
William Peters
Purchases Of Prom
ill Close Josey Today
Saturday Afternoon
Board MeeMng To End Two-Day Conference
Scabbard and Blade will conduct the finals in the annual Best Soldier contest held for the freshmen and sophomore military students Saturday afternoon, April 4, at 1 p. m. in the Armory. The purpose of this contest has been solely to create a personal interest in the coj'ps and thereby make a better corps. The contest is conducted by the Scabbard and Blade each year and is open to all students in the Basie (jouvse of the ROTC.
American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy opened their two-day meeting here yesterday at 9 a, m. After registration there were separate ‘meetings of the Boards of Pharmacy and the College.s of Pharmacy in the Union. In the afternoon a joint meeting of both organizations was held and last evening conference delegates attended a banquet in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union.
Bankers Will Discuss Rural Problems Here
At Heeting April 7,8
Problems of the’rural bank will be discussed on the campus next Tuesday and Wednesday, April 7 and 8, by the Indiana Bankers’ Association in cooperation Avith the University. An Agricultural Clinic will be sponsored which is part of the regular annual convention of the Indiana bankers. The program will bo opened Tuesday morning with an address by Pi'esident Elliott, and W. W. Gasser, President of the Indiana Bankers’ Association, will make a rei)ly. “Ihdian.a’s Agricultural Background and Responsibility” will bo discussed by Harry .1. Reed, Dean of Agricultuie. Henry I'h Schricker, Governor of Indiana, and President Elliott will speak at Tuesday night’s banquet. Charles Mf Dawson, Lieutenant Governor of Indian.-i aiul State Coinmissionei' of Agriculture, will talk at a luncheon Tuesday afternoon; and a tour of the University farms and experimental work will make up the afternoon’s prog-ram. Heading the spcakeis on Wednesday afternoon will be A. A. Pottei', (lean of the engineering schools. 'J'he conferehce will he concluded with talks on “The Farm Real Estate MaJ'kot,” “Wartime Prices and the Farmei',” and a i)anel discussimi on “Inflnti(n), the Farmer iind the Country Banker.” .
The grading in this contest will not be based entiiely on the practical examination, but also on the discipline grade of the student and his conduct on the drill door during the past semester. His grades in classroom will not ,be included in the basis of judging. Three prizes will be awarded to the best soldiers by, judges made up of Scabbard and Blade members, who will act as the filial judges; Drill Sergeants and Regular Arniy Officers. The Scabbard and Blade will examine each student as to soldierly appearance and bearing and as to his knowledge of the duties and qualifications of a
good soldier.
Today’s sessions will open at 9:30 a. m. with a joint meeting of both boards in ' the east faculty lounge. The chairman will be Mr. A. Lee Adams, Illinois Board of Pharmacy.' At this meeting E.' M. Josey, speretary of the Kentucky State Board, vvill discuss “State Board Examinations,” and Professor L. D. Pliner, Ohio State, will speak on “The Master,ia Medica for the Colleges.” . Also on the program for the morning discussion will be Profess sor George L. Webster, Illinois, who will speak on “The Scope of Chemistry for the Colleges.” Russell Rothrock, of Chemistry of the State Board Examinations will discuss “The Scope of Chemistry for the State Board Examinations.”
Commencement Announcements
Seniors must place orders for commencement announcements by Friday, April 3 el 10 p. m. at Deac’s, Southworlh’s or id tlie University Book Store. Price (cash when ordered): Ijcalher, ‘hVe; Cardboard, 1.7c; !''()lders, 5c. I''or ext Til tickets send to fialii We(‘k Committee, in care of the Student Senate, 1‘urdue Memorial Union, West Liifayette. Include names iind towns of those you wish to liave tickets, also slate relation if any. —Gala Week Committee
At 11 a. m. the pharmacists will be conducted on a tour of the Music Hall and the Student Health Service. The confc'renco will end this afternoon at 4 after another joint meeting in the east faculty lounge.
Taking all but one major office, a party headed by Dick Sleeper swept the Purdue Independent Association elections yesterday. In an election that attracted fewer more than half the number of students that voted last year, the new officers collected a decisive majority of the votes cast for all offices. Sleeper,’ a junior chemical engineer, formerly was political chairman of PIA and is a member of the Prom Committee. Norman Aug-sburger, sophomore mechanical engineei', was elected vice-president. Being the only coed qualified for the office, Maxine Abshier was unopposed as candidate for coed-exec-utive position. Margaret Young was elected secretary,' and Jim Bray won the treasurer’s positiom Ward chairmen were elected as follows: Don Stover, Her’eward; Robert Plummer, Foreward; Ernest Fink, Southward; Ed Dierdorf, Inward; James Comer, Westward; Jim Parsons, Upward; and Seth Wheatley, Northward. Installations At Banquet Newly-elected officers will be installed at the PIA banquet on Monday, April 13, Damon Elder, retiring PIA president, announced yesterda.y. Additional officers;—political chairman, men’s activities chairman, worn,en’s activities chairman, men’s social chairman, and women’s social chairman also will be installed at the banquet. PIA members desiring to petition for thc.se offices must submit their written petitions stating their qual- , (See PIA, Page I)
Named Hanley Speech Winner
Tickets Ends Today
tides Places Second In Finals, Sinish Third By Bill Vermillion
Timely Talk Purdue
Steps Out
AWS To Hold Meeting Of Town Girls Today
Activities Bureau
Outlines Program
Reorganizations of junior committees and plans for the coming year wore outlined at a meeting of the new officers of the Activities Bureau yesterddy afternoon. Los Woehlke, new Activities Bujeau director, explained now policies of the BiU’cau and made the following junior committee assignments: Charlie Lynch, office management; Jackie Wells, intei'viewing; Bill Reckman, special projects; Jim Pecsok, scholastic eligibility lists foi' students engaged in various activities; Janet Wells, annual Fi'cshman Handbook; and Dan McKirnan, publicity. Lois Thompson, Activities Bureau executive, outlined methods for carying out new policies and gave advice for freshmen workers. Under its new plans, the Activities' Bureau will need additional freshman workers. All freshmen interested in working on the Bureau’s freshman staff are urged to resport at the Activities Bureau bilice in the Union to be interviewed.
At 4 this afternoon in the West h'aculty Lounge AWS will hold the initial meeting of its new town girls—-girls who commute, and those who live in boarding houses with less than 3 girls—elect officers and formulate plans. zThis new organization is the outgrowth of questionnaires sent to all town girls. Their answers indicated that they would like a club to help them get acquainted, oi'ient themselves to eampu.s life and get a start in service work and activities. Becky Anne Pervine is the chairman of the committee that ha.s planned today’s mcieting. Those helping her are Sarah Andrews, Lois Baugher, Mary Ann Click, Ruth Frier, Betty Gray, Ruth Holden, Mary Larson and Bonnie Swope.
Sigma Alpha Mu
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following: Rayinond Cohen, Stanley Hirschfield, University City, Mo.; Gerry Kaufmann, Gary; and the pledging of: Roger Hei'zog, Chicago; and Ernest Goi'don. Flossmoor, Illinois.
Once again Purdue steps: out. The University has been and is conducting numerous special cour.ses and research projects in cooperation with federal authorities, but we students feel that we should tilso have a project—soniething- that is material, concrete, and real. 'We have had lectures and .specitil convocations but we need something more. We need something to “shoot” at. Last Saturday night Purdue University listeiKHi to Tommy Dorsey in the Music Hall, but this prognim signified more thap an entertainmeht feature amid accelerated schedules. Every person admitted to the hall was required to show fifty cents’ worth or more in Defense Stamp.s. We are aware that many students, bought just fifty cents’ worth for this express purpose. In case any of the.Se students has been wondering what to do with them now, the Student War Council has provided the answer by announcing its drive to “Stamp Out’the Axis.” As announced in Sunday’s Exponent, our aim is 100% participation, and our goal is $15,000 purchased or pledged by April 11. In view of the several thousand dollars already spent for this purpose by individual students and student organizations, we are confident that the 6400 students of Purdue University are fully capable of accomplishing the task before us—and this goal is to be but the beginning of a continuous effort which will last as long as does the need for it. Need we point out that former Boilermakers are serving not only in key governmental and industria’l positions, but that they also are in the ranks of the armed forces all over the world? Many of these are not strictly alumni, since they found it necessary to leave school before they could graduate, Let’s all pitch in and show them, as well ' as the nation, that Purdue students are not asle.ep, that we are helping to buy the materials of combat which these forces heed, and that Purdue University can be the first school in the country to have “every student a participant.” R. A. Dibos, chairman Student War Council
William Peters received the first prize of a $2.5 Defense Bond and $16 cash in the Hanley Speech Contest finals held last night in Efiza Fowler Hall. This contest, managed by the Forensic Club, is h(3ld to encourage the discussion of the present economic problems among the engineers of the University, Peters spoke on “Mounting Surpluses in Latin America.” His main theme showed that to increase the amount of necessary raw materials that we obtain from South America we must cooperate by importing more of their products and helping to take the surpluse.s off their hands. Udes Takes Second Second place was awarded to Maurice Udes, who spoke on “The Economy of War.” He received a $25 Defense Bond and $5 in cash. Third prize of a $26 Defense Bond was awarded to R. Donald Sinish, whose speech was “Little Man, What Now?” The other contestants were Richard DeLong who spoke on “The Cost of War,” and William Gaugh who Spoke on “Locomotive Speedometer for Fuel Economy.” Louis Cohen was unable to compete because of illness. Hanley Provides Prizes William A'. Hanley, ME ’ll, superintendent of production at the Eli Lilly company in Indianapolis and also a member of the Board of 'rrustees at the University, sponsored the contest. To add incentive to .sneaker.s he ha.s atimially provided a fund of $10(1 to be distributed to the winners of this (■ami)ns speaking unit. 'Those who participated in last night’s contest were ciiosen at a preliminai'y contest which was held 'Tuesday, March 24. Bert Squier, .luiiior Forensic Manager, was in charge of the contest. Monroe And Lull Judge 'The judges were Professors A. H. Monroe and P. E. Lull of the speech departimnit; Professor C. L. Lovell of the School of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering; Professor R. G. 'rhomas of the department of history, economics and goveinment; and Professor H. G. Venc-” mann of the School of Meclianical Eiigineeriiig. George Zissis acted as cliairman at the contest.
Today is the last day for the exclusive sale of Prom tickets to juniors. The tiejeets were on sale to juniors yesterday at the Cashier’s Office from 8 a. m. until 4:30 p. m. and again will be on sale today at the same times. On Thursday and Friday, seniors as vvell as juniors may buy, ticket.s and all students may, purchase them on Saturday. They cost $2.20 including tax, and all purchasers must present their passports to get tickets. Music for the Prom will be provided by Charlie Spiyak, who has played his trumpet at different times with the Dorsey Brothers, ■Ray Noble, Bob Crosby, and. Jack Teagarden. His own band is only two years old but has met with steadily increasing popularity. Spivak and his orchestra played an unprecedented run at the Glen Island Casino during 1940, and last August he played alternately with XavieF Cugat at the seventh annual Harvesters’ Ball in Madison Square.
Exponent To Sponsor Photo Exhibit In Union
vi^ president. J^kson O’Connell, jumof mechanical engineer, was elected secretary, and Bob Wilson, junior electrical engineer, was selected for, the' treasurer's position. Jack Sandleben and Wade Neal, other members of the senior board, were named previously. Elected to junior executive poM* tlons were Lois* Caldwell, “Woody” Hermann, Gordon Hoffman, Dick Lundquist, Margaret Meltzer, Patti G. Miller, Mary Grace Minkler, and Don Thomas. - All officers selected last night will serve for one semester and will be eligible for re-election at the end of that period. In addition to electing officers, the Senate passed a proposed amendment to its constitution to the effect that members of the Student War Council will become full members of the Student Senate at the beginning of each semiester, but will be ineligible for election to Senate offices. The amendment is subject to the approval of the Executive Committee of the University. ■ The Senate also announced last night that petitions will be available today for students seeking election to sophomore and junior positions for the summer session. Further i tails will appear in tomorrows
Exponent.
May. Holliday Talks
A salon exhibit of thirty-six of the best prints selected from the 950 photos entered in the annual salon edition contest sponsored by
At AIEE Meeting
This Evening At 7:30
“Negro,” last year’s first prize winner in the Collegiate Digest 'Traveling Salon.
Maj. T. B. Holliday, of the.U..S. Army Air Corps, will be the principal speaker at the open meeting of the American Institute o| Electrical Engineers this evening, at 7:30 in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. His topic will be “Electrical Equipment in Military Aircraft.” After his graduation from the University in 1927, Major Holliday served as an instructor here. He is now stationed at Wright Field, O. ■ The speech which Major HoUida^ will give tonight is the same oi^ which he delivered before the national convention of the AIEE in New York last November and at the North Central Convention in dianapolis last month.
Reamers To Sponsor
Exponent- Staff
'Tlic'i-e will be a ineetiiig of all elected members of the Exponent staff at 4 p. m. 'Thursday, A|)ril 2, in the conference room of the .Agriculliiral Experiment Station. Memhers of Iheold senior staff are to attend this meeting. —AMOS
tlic Collegiate Digest in the spring of 1941. will be .shown, beginning today, ill the Music Room of tlui Union. ■ 'The exhibit is being .sponsored liy the Exponent and will lie bore for the entire week. Represented in tlie exhibition areall types of photographs including still life corniiositions, candid shots, portraits, and scenic shots. The top jirize winner, entitled “Negro,” is included in the exhibition.
'Yank On Burma Road'
Debate Squad Meets
Stanford Monday
Silver Mask To Sponsor Movie Tonighf At 7:30
'The Silver Mask Fencing Club will sponsor a film entitleil “Fundamentals of Foil Fencing” tonight at 7:30 in room 107 of tho Fieldhouse. The purpose of the film is to answer the perennial questions arising after each fencing meet. All those who have been prae^ ticing for the beginners’ tournament are expected to be there. The public is cordially invited to attend; admission is free.
Stanford University’s debate team met the University squad Monday night before an audience of 400 students and faculty members in the auditorium of the Home Economics building. Stanford represented the affirmative on the following: “Resolved, that after the war the nations should form a federation to establi.sh the eight Roosevelt-Churchill principles.” The Stanford team was composed of Lawrence Grailnis and James Keesler, both students of political science. The University was represented by James Bray and W’illiam Svvager. R. W. DesJarlais, of the University Speech department, served as chairman for the discussion.
“A Yank on the Burma RoM,” with Lauraine Day in theAeminihe lead, will be sponsored at the Lafayette theatre tomorrow, Friday, ai^ Saturtfay night by the Reamer Club. Chuck Hansen, committee chairman, announced last Saturday that this project is being sponsored to raise funds for awards to be made for intramural sports eompetitioB. Tickets for both matinee and evening shows, at the usual price, must be purchased from the metpbers of the club to be of any value to the fund because only these special tickets will be considered itt their share of the proceeds. All the proceds received by the Reamer Club will be donated to the intramural department for purehas-. ing the awards and trophies to he presented at the end of the intramural sports season.
Florence OHo To Speoli Today On Girl Scouliits Women students who are interested in prcrfessional Girl SGoutiii|jr may attend a meeting at 4 p. BCh today in room 263 of the Miss Fl()rence Otto, of the Scout Council at Chicago, wUl.speckl|; on the opportunities in that field and will hold personal interviavm following the meeting. _ ,
k
I I
II
mPurdue Exponent
Wednesday, April 1, 1942
Jitg, ixla&hku^yL MERRY-GO-ROUND By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
4«sse Jtwes Ffgfcts For Controf Of, Loans Small Btisinesses W^HINGTON, Maich 31-Be-hin^fhe ^cehes, J^<sse Jonc'? fought to fRe Bittei end aganist lo‘;ing his bottlenecking contiol ovci loans to small business the Army, Navy and Wai Prc?xfoCtion Boaid teanng then han ovey Jesse’s penny-pinching obstructionism, and •with Congiess getting ready to legislate against him, the Piesident finally notified JoRes he •would have to lelinquish authority over small loans Jones protested vigorously but Roose^velt directed that the necessaiv executive 01 del be diafted Jones sat in on this diafting eon fgrence of vai pioduction chiefs •where he made a final effoit to stave off the ax His fiist move was to suggest that latvyeis be called in to pass on the legality of sti ipping his authoi il> ‘Jesse,” said Sidney Weinbcig specrai assistant to Dortald Nel sdn, ‘‘you’ie created enough hot tleirecks without having a bunch Of lawyers in to create any more The President has ordered this done and under the War Powers \Ct he has the authority to do it No lawyers ai e needed to pass on the matter ” Jones then slid ted his argument to an old lay onto ol his, the questionable soundness ol loans to little business men ‘Suppose these loins that y\ill be made under the* proposed new setup don't pay out,” ho said “ Vftei the wai you people will be blamed Nte’yc made all our loans on sound credit rules ” “Yes, but these are yvar times ” reported Weinberg “and the controlling principle is not sound credit rules but yvar production needs Turther yvli> are you al ways worrying over moneyAft er the yvai none of us yvill haye much money so \yhj yyorry about it. There are a lot ol other things ill life far more important ’ • [ones' Nemesis To yyitness his signing of the cx eeutive oidei the Piesident invited Senatois Mini ay, Mont Mead Sr Y, and Cappei, Kan This yyas much meiited lecognition of then long fight toi little business men One other man also cleseived a public pat on the back but yyas not inynted Probably Roosevelt didn’t knoyv him Only a teyy insideis do He is Shreves Coles Badger, relirmg, liberal Chicago investment banker, who has been quietly after Jones' scalp Summoned to Washington in the early days of the old 0PM to help little business. Badger ran up against the iron handed policy
of lesse Jones in every move he made Vfter months of yam effoit, Badger finally compiled a report on 2,000 subcontractors kept out of war production because of inability to get needed loans from Tones Aimed yyith this devastating document, Badge! began a quiet but tenacious ciusade against Jones, soon had the Aimy, Navy, WPB and Congi OSS lined up against him This pio\cd one combination the bulky Te^van couldn’t lick When yvoid reached Badgei of the executive oidei taking small loans yyyav fiom Jesse he lemaiked, “Well, I may have worked myself out Of a lob but it’s a ple4isure Ma Jones also has been yvoiked out of
one ”
• Cutrafe Hairctifs The liveliest pait of House do bate on the legislative appiopiia tion bill (pioviding funds foi the opeiation of Congiess) does not ap peai in the Congiessional Recoid It yyas ovei the issue ot half pi ice hail cuts loi congi essmen and was deleted b^y memhei s yvho tcaied le peicussions it then constituents loai ned ihout the boodle Repieseiitative rreclerick Smith, a plain-lalkiiig Ohioan, raised the ticklish haircut issue Repi esentative Emmet O’Neal of Kentucky, economy pleaching chairman of i subcommittee on the bill, was explaining yanmis miscellaneous ’ items yvheii he icmarked, with a disappiovmg look a( flic pi ess gallciy, It IS a common lallacv that hail cuts, shaves, soda Wafer and things like that are liirnished House members fiee That soda idea is a mistake ” Smith ol Ohio immcdiatclv lumped up to question this “Why not he fiank yvith oui selves and the people ibout h incuts ’’ he (loin inded Ihcv cost us only 25 cents in the House b ubci shop halt 01 kss thin h-ilt the legulai pi ice tints getting something lice isn’t it ' Yvhv not idniit it to the peo
pie ' ’
0 Neal was so staitled that his pinct nc/ glasses almost fell oil He couched ncnously but did not it tempt to iciiitc Smith Noithci did mvoiio else Litci the Ohioan yv is besieged bv memhois to delete his icmnks rinalK ho gave in o jap Propaganda Accoiding to a Tokio bioadcast beamed to\yaid South Ameiica, Roosevelt took MacAithui out ot the Philippines because he sufteied seveie defeat This soit of piopa ganda y\as to be expected but not expected was the souice quoted by Tokio—a stoiy in the Aigentme newspapei La Nacion, yviitten by its Washington coiiespondent Fei nando Oitiv Echague Actually, Ortiv-Echague said
Halstead Wins Alpha Lafflhda DeHa Award Miss Claie Coolidge, Assistant Dean of Women, announced the winneis of the ayyaicls given each yeai to Alpha Lambda Delta seniois at the Alpha Lambda Delta initiation and bieakfast held last Sunday moi ning Mai ybelle Halstead, of the Home Economics School, leceived the ayvaid given the semoi Alpha Lambda Delta meinbei who has the highest cumulative index foi the seven semestei s of school, and Opal Blagiave, also in the Home Ec school, leceiyed ccitificates of eoli giatulations fiom the national oiganwation foi having maintained the 5 0 index each semestei she was in school The following 22^fieshnien wcie initiated into the honoiaiy Joan Ainsyvoith, Lois Veit, Maitha Lee Riggs, Doiothy Muiphy, Ruth Lev in, Faye Tylei, Evelyn Blemkei Kathei me Howes Cai oline Rich aidson, Betsy Jansing, Beitha Kat? Betty Ann Aith Maiy Paiisi Tic va Davis, Viiginia Selleis, Man jean Giaves, Patiicia Gayloid, Em ma Santini, Loiine Biooks, Mai ion Lafuze, Emily Snydei, and Ruth
Walkei
Daily Health Service Report
ROME-
-TOKYO-
-BERLIN
JhsL dxiA.
Nimaa-
-OA>IOi-
-awoa
Last Satuiday we had out ot the greatest sensa tions this side ot having oui numliei called last in the big lottery Aftei pitching oUi pup tent in the al leady ovei cioyvded encampment outside ot the Music Hall poitals immediately following oui nine o’clock yve managed to get a scat within the first five hun died loyys of dias ot this gital woik ot the uchitects yvhen the doois finally give ayy ly to then modem “chaige ot the light bngadc Bct-oic the pcilo m met ...ot um'ci wav wo putit iilaily noticed what tho c u ourid us \cic doin.. Three gills to oui kit \ ti 1 mttiii tin two people ill fionl ol use wcic III Hu middle ol a iim ol mo iiopoly the gill across tlu lootw i\ ,w is it illy hack ing away at one of V’likky s piodutls md (kiply (iigiosscd in a Vicloi lliuo notil ind the guy h,.
fiuhdusL ^xpomnL All-America^in 1940-'41
Enttred as second class inatlci al flic post oflict in I afavetto, Iiuluma under the act ol (ongiess rtf Miarch T, 1879 and at the special late ot postage provided ioi in section HOT, act ol October T 1917, aothonzed laiiuarv 20 1922 I’ubiishcd daily except Moiitlav tluiing Hu legnilai acadcniu yt ii and weekly during the snmnier Session Delivcitd lot illy hv tiiiur lot ST'>0 pei veai mail sub stnptioiis, ti 00
Kdilor hu f 1 dilor MunaricL t U*r
y P II I I bluff It W K 1
lolin I Am M Don 1 llrii|)l y lolin II tm sir line I rd I dilot
itiisiiu ‘I Munatir C irctiluUon Mjina(,tr Sixirts 1 dilor Allrt. ( huinild
yVilham I) Millard Ktii K (j<mri Ird (lurk
Publication Staff
Business Staff
\N \
nil 111 1 III/ W
n 1 1
(off) iruhiiuss Manitfr
Iiihi Miilii
\V O 1 11
1 W 1 K 1 rt 1 !h 11
Km 1
rtiKint; Man i«crs ( itn nJuU tn M iitaf tt
I M Wiit.h't n I rnhnson ( a K1 rnu
1 ill (
III II 111 1 1 1
r 1) Il
Affounts Muna^tr j liinior ( 01(1 Managers
n 1 loll I x 1 III n C lull I in K ini
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005, Sports, 2792 m s<m(i i i i i ikhiI idviiinin' i)\ NiUon,il AdMiiis
1 Six I 1 (Ilk I id li h 1 It | i ut tiv s 1 (I
M 1 liM n A N w y 11 N y
Editorial After 10 P M , 5377
Nlehl Ivdilor Huiiler Day Lditur Pitkiriii
Staff For This Issue Siixls I diloi I)i«sxi Htixirliis It I it Vi h Dm ( hn tm iii St ilxl ItikC Ik ui I dilor I lulimax M t n V III lit tni in Viimilion liiiiii f ix 11 y
E I Schait, Ag ’IT, yvas dis chaigod Tliulsday fiom the Home Hospital aftoi loccning medical tieatmcnt Enteiiiig St Elizabeth Hospital toi medical tieatmcnt Pi i day yyas T E Noidquist ME ’14 Dischai god fi om St Elizabeth Hos pit il Piidjiy yycic Lois Gooiss, Ch ’42 medical tieatmcnt, and Geneivc Husted Sci ’44 medical tieatmcnt M 11V Pohlman HE ’45 entti cd the Home Hospit il Siluiday foi mtciicil tixatmcnl E P Rydtn ME ’44, cntoicd St Elizabeth Hos pital the sime day toi singleil ticatment Dischai' od from St Phzabeth Hospitil Satuiday y\cie J I Biiioyy Sci ’45 contagious disc ISC and IP A Blakclj C ’45 medical iiealmont MilniecI Bobsong Sci ’42 yvisclm chaigcd liom the WRIT infiimaiy Satuidaj altei icceiving medical tieatmcnt Dischai god tiom the Home Hospital Satuidav attei le ceivuig medical tic itmcnt yyas J L Nolmd Sci 4) Eiiteiing St Elizabeth Hospital Simcl ly toi >sui git il ti eatment yycio J W Hundly Ag ’42 mcl D E Mil a, ME 4“ The same day GIoi lanne Sivyei HE ’44, and A F Wood ME 41 cntciecl the Home Hospital loi medical tieatment On Monday D L Wlight E ’45 on teiccl St Elizabeth Hospital toi i contagion-, disease just the opposite compaied Roos eyelt and Mac\rthiir to Cleniencau and Poch piedicted tor them the same brilliant record as those I‘iench leaders (Copjlight 1942 by United Pc i tuie Syndicate Inc )
WEDNESDAY
9 65 News
10 10 The Cuiio Man
10 16 Music
10 30 WBAA Piesonts 10 45 Theatig of Song
10 55 Neyvs
11 00 “Neyvspapei and Magazine Aitiele Wilting” yyith Pi of
J H McKee
11 50 Pill due Neyys
11 65 Neyys
12 00 Agiicnltuial Foiiim 12 30 Meet the BaijiL,,,, 12 55 ^
Neyy s
1 00 “Pimciples of Sociologj” WLtb Plot T K Noss 1 45 Maikets 1 56 News 2 00 A Stoiy a Day 2 15 You Cant Do Business With
HiHei
2 30 Mis C W Hemmoi—pianist 2 55 News T 00 Neyv Haimony Piognm 3 15 June Ellci—pianist 3 30 Oigan Moods T 55 Neyys 4 00 Tea Time Tunes 4 30 Joanne Lloyd—pi mist 4 15 The Cm 10 Mm 4 50 Music 4 55 Neyys 5 00 lust Rcl i\ 5 ,0 Vcspcis 5 15 Little Miss MidhtL 5 55 New s (i 00 Diniic I H( 111 (> ‘O Spoits R VKw (i 15 Mu 1C (i 5 > Now s 7 00 Symphony 11 ill 7 5) News 8 00 Wh it s Vit To Me > S 15 Ruth R ilston—sii^ei 3 ’() 1 lom (he Puss Box with Sltw Wolic K 15 1 vciuuk Pc hoc s 8 55 News 9 00 Music u! 1 9 55 News 10 05 on Hu ylii
WAA Tennis Calbuis Start Tomorrow At 4 WAA tennis callout yyill be held tgmoiiow 111 the Mcmoi lal Gymnis Him at 4 p m All those mtciested 111 enteiin_ the spnn^ doubles loin nament should be piesent at this meeting Anyone umblc to attend should c ill Eyclyn Schiibei WAA Tennis head Piactices will be held on Monel ly ind Thin sci IV c\ciimgs at t In stiiiction will be given by Miss M V Case ot the Physic il Education Depaitmont toi those yvho dcsiie
help
This toiiinunent is open to all coeds hut two piacticos ai c le qiiiicd foi enti ince in the toinna ment The contest y\ill begin Mon d ly Apiil 1T
YWCA Ofors, Cabinet Will Assume Positions New ofiicois and cabinet membeis of YWCjA will be installed tomoiloyv evening lolloyvmg an informal dinner m the cafeteiia of the Un ion The officeis to be installed aie Vivian Peteison, president, Caio lyn McCiary, vice piesident, Gmcly Hague, secietaiy and Chan Ball, tieasOiei Gloiia Nicmeyei, Viigmia Mit tendoif, Dorothy Aividson, Jane Dunbai, and Maithcna Dubois aie neyy cabinet membeis, and Calista Cieel, Betty Evans, and Lois Veit, old membeis, yvill be installed m new cabinet positions These mem beis and the old cabinet membeis aie asked to meet in the YWCY office at 6 30 p m Personnel Notes If any senioi is mteiestccl m an mteiview with any of the folloyving companies, complete one of the yellow “Request lor Intelvieyv” caids, a supply ot yvhich is in yoiu school office You yvill be notified by card fiom the Peisonncl Olfice yvhen to schedule an mtoivieyy DuPont Conipanj, Wilmington, Del PhD Chemists and ChF Sign up III Peisonncl Office b^foic Apiil'
2
Fanchiki \viatlon Coip, 1 imai ca, N N Mr ind FP Sign in Pci soniul Ollicc licloic Apiil 2 I ceds and Norllmip (o, Phil i clclphii Pi MP Si 11 up in Pei sonncl Ollicc hitou Ihiiudaj Apiil 9 Bell Airciaftto p Biiffilo N Y Ajiiil 1() ME Sign in Peisonncl Ofliu be toi c Ainil 15 Cult Refining Company Imu in ip ohs Indiana Coming Apiil > MP md PSE Also luniois in the up pel quaitci ol cliss loi siimnid w 01 k Illinois Tool W Ol ks, 2501 N keel Cl Avenue Cliicago 111 M E Soph omoics and jnmois intcicbtcd in Dc sign ioi siimmoi woik Sign m Pci sonncl Odicc hclou 10 im Tucsd ly \pi il 7 Inland Mtg Division ol CMC Dijtiin Ohio MP Apiil 7 Smn in Peisonncl Ofh'’o hcloic 10 a m Mon day Api il (> F. E. bobbins Schedules Grain ^ Grading Schools Pi of r E Rohhins o< the i., iicultuial still has scheduled thico giain lading schools in vinous p nts ot the state to seive the giain men in those sections The fi bt meeting was held Monelly in the Foil Wayne Inch in Villige and was follow eel by a second meeting thcie yestciclay Futiuc meetings aie planned Apiil 6 md 7 at Rushy ilk Couit House and Api il 13 and 14 at the Vincennes YMCA
hind us yvas iiist leading the news about MacAi thin getting ont*ol Bataan —X— When thing fin illy got lumping wc toigot all about the tiie, sugai md wine kola situations and loi the fiist time m oiu lives we toll like we weic '-itting on a hot stove taking i cold showei yvith sev oial hunched mideets and pygmies doing a 500 mile dash on oiu veitebia», gll % Right in the middle of ‘Haw man vV ii Ch int wc thought tho students t iking a Then sclay night coiiise in fii'^taid weie going to get piactical cxpciience with all those people sitting aiound us (colloquially —but in the giooycly speaking) knocking them selves out Altci Buddy Rich hid biolcn a diiim stick Ziggy Ilium had caused Hie ‘Angels to Sing’ and ittci II ink Small i kit the indienco yyith i feeling ol lust h lying com^ doyyn the clcvaloi m the Pmpiic St lie Buildui,.,—wc could have held ui election loi the outsLindmg mm cil the d ly unong those studenis pic sent md Ciciuiil Mu A i Him would hive (oim III second 1 t c
LEARN TO DANCE BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS TUES , APRIL 7, 7 30 P M ADVANCED CLASS OPENS WED , APRIL 8, 7-30 P M PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S
6ib & r < rr>
TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE. HUMf-HREY COGART MARY ASTCR IN MALTESE FALCON —plusroad TO HAPPiNESS with )ohn BOLES - Mom CARRIE -STARTS THURSDAYDOUBLE FEATURE
The Maficed Woman of fhe Orient!
B/fiy«i Ditii) MARSHALL- BRUCE
UEiversity Eafendar
Wednesday, April 1
9 00 AM—Phaimacy Boaids and Col-
West ^Faculty Lounge,
leges Confoience
Union
9 00 AM—Amencan Phaimaceutical
Association
Room 366, Union
1 30 P M—League of Women Voteis 6 00 P M—Giammai, punctuation and
Room 304, Union
spelling tests
Room 101, Ediic Bldg
7 00 P M —W L High School Band
Conceit
Eliza Fowler Hall
7 OO PM—Ceitification Inspcctois
Tiaming
Room 104 Ag Hall
7 15 PM—Philatelic Society 7 30 P M—Ciaduatc D^imcs Fust Aid
Room 303, Union
Classes
Room 302, ChE Bldg
7 30 P IM—IIoi ticuUiiial Society
Room 117 Holt Bldg
7 30 PM—x\ I E E Meeting
Room 129, EE Bldg
7 30 P M —Kapp i Delta Pi Meeting
Room 263, Union
7 10 PM—Matiiago Coiiise
Rooms 302 and 304,
UTnion
7 iO PM—Lnion Boaul Meeting
Old Chestnut Room,
Union
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“Caklwoil’s getting teinbW absent minded—he was leading about the ‘scotched earth’ policy, when I asked him to burn up some trash m back ”
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store
LumA
LAST DAY
2 HITS
—Plus Claudelle Ray Brian COLBERT • MILLAND • AHERNE
MARS I ARC
THURSDAY-FRIDAY-
LAST TIMES TODAY
JOAN BENNETT
GEORGE SANDERS
Ammws sssms JaneFrazee Robert Paige Gloria lean leo Carrillo Oliarles Batterv/ortfi Billie Burbe Franklin Random and His Orchestra
"Son of Monte Cristo' — and — RED BARRY "KANSAS CYCLONE' ALSO
'Holl of the Secret Service," Serial
1— THURS - FRI. - SAT. — DUDE COWBOY SOUTH OF PANAMA Iking of the texas rangers
ummm
LAST TIMES TODAY
VANISMINi; iriRGINUK iSsfi*
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT. AYIUIK„„. BUiaMRMi) LARAINE OAY' MRRY NELSQN CRAWFORD • KEYE LUKE
II
4 Sfor Mich. Coach Phillips’ Riveter I track squad contihued its coh>- , ditioning for the coming Outdoor campaign yesterday^ by braving the iCy blasts at RossAdd stadium long enough to limber up with a few turns around the trade. Coach Herman Phillip.s was cbiitent to clode some of his prospective speedsters and dispensed -with any heavy workouts other than'at short distances. Althoitg'h more than thirty boys, including: the freshmen hopefuls, Were present to take their jogs, several thihlies preferred to take laps indoors on the Fieldhouse oval. Despite poor track conditions, Phillips seemed dissatisfied with the tiihe in which some of his charges were clocked, but expressed a ho^e that favorable weather would greet, the Riveters’ workouts in the near future. Among those present were Capt. Bert Anthony, Jentsch, McDaughli'n, Kemp and Appleton, all of whom'are expected to see actihn on relay teams. As yet, no definite plans have
Opener
been made regarding the arrangement of the various relay combinations. Phillip.s is still uncertain as to the extent that he may be called upon to revarirp the present lineups. The field events are still a problem, but improvement is evident in the shot put and pole vault. First Meet April 11 ■The first meet of the season will take place Saturday, April 11, wlijOn the Riveters clash with the Michigan Stdte aggregation. This will be the fourth meeting of the schools, and will also proVe the chnkker match as each has carried off the laurels twice.
Sports Shorts The second game of the scheduled three game, series with the St. .Toe nine was postponed yesterday afternoon because of bad weather. The final contest is scheduled for this afternoon on the Riveter diamond. ^ '
I’LL SING THE PRAISES ■' OF
THE
For a quick sandwich or a complete luncheon, yoiv 11 be satisfied with thq quick, friendly service. And if you’re just plain hungry we’ll fill you up without emptying your purse.
The Corner of the Campus-— Yet the Center of Activities
OtfEHSt BO
GriddersDrilf On Display For Football Clinic When our Boilermaker grid machine starts their 1942 canipaign in Ross-Ade stadium next fall, they should not .have any worries about the weather or the condition of the field. In their annual spring practice sessions, they have drilled in the rain, snow, sleet', blizzards, sunshine, and all the other conditions that the Indiana weatherman has to ofl’er. A team that can play in any climate is a capable one, sO our squad next fall will bear watching. Drill For Clinic Tuesday afternoon Coach Burnham and his boys were at it as usual On the intramural field. The squad is practicing for the climax of their spring maneuvers which comes this weekend when they will display some fancy ■'tactics for the annual gi'id clinic. Cbaches from all over the midwest will be present at this function to learn a few of the 'newest tricks that have been developed in the grid game. Coach Burnham will select two teams for the clinic. They will enga.ge in a tilt that will illustrate^ various: offensive and defensive systems. Short Scrimmage Yesterday afternoon, the gridsters went through various drills and fbi'inations. A short offensive scrimma.ge look place a.s Coach Burnham searched for the weak points of their attack. These were not too numerous, but a few were uncovered. “Swede” Anderson, Henry Strain, and “Cy”. Cycenas .seemed to. be elickin.g'- very potently in .spite of the Avoatlicr. The line clid a i^eal job of openin.g holes for the backs to rumble throiigli. From the looks of things. Coach Burnham \yill have a real outfit to display at the. clinic and also to displa.y for the .students next tall. ' . Ikid Near Spriiig practice will proliably he brought to an end soon. Weather conditions usually become too torrid.about the middle of April and spring drills cease. Anytliin.g can happen hei'O thou,gh and if we have April blizzards instead of Apfil showers, tlie .grid .squad'may continue to workout. On tlie other l-rand, if everything goes according to schedule, we can expect alternating showers and sun.shine. These coiulitions will make the field too so.g.gy or too hot for grid work so the boys must quit untilfall ambles.back. Coach Burnham hasn’t decided the exact date for the end of spring practice, But it will be in April for sure.
■i
I!
ion
Everything for a ^College Education DEAC’S
ENRICHED BREAD . .FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
Thortias F. Costello, Field Repres^iatative im First Aid, Water Safety and AeGident Prevention Sb-vice for the American Red Gross, will continue his conduction of classes for First Aid instructors ia Room 304 of the Union Building until Frida.y evening. Costello arrived here Monday and since that time has taken charge of the classes eachr day from 2 to.--6 p.m. and from 7 to lO^ p.m. In addition, he will guide and direct the Lay Instructors’ course now in, progress. This coiTrse—something entirely-new here, this year— is sponsored by Professor Marion Russell of the Department of Physical Education for Women, and Dr. Floyd R. Eastwood of the Division of Physical Education for Men. . • A total of 281 students have been enrolled in this coiu’se. From these, 64 students are now continuing in the advance course which meets every Thursday evening from 7 to 10.
IM Schedules The following Cary Hall baseball teams will have their first practice Wednesday evening, April 1, at 4:15:. Diamond Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 14 —1 Cary . Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 13 —2 Cary Hall .3^ vs Cary Hall 12 —3 Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 11 —4 Cai’y Hall 5 vs Cary Hall 10 —^^5 Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 9 —^6 Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 8 —7 The following Wards will play theii^ first regular game on Wednc.sday evening, April 1 at 4:15: ' Ward 32 vs Ward 23—-Diamond 8 Wal d 8 vs Ward 21—'Diamond 9 Ward 6 vs Ward 33—Diamond 10 Cary Hall Bowling Wednesday—6:30 C. H. 1 vs C. H. 7 . C. H. 2 vs C. H. 14 C. H. 6 vs C. H. 12 C. H. 8 vs C. H. 10 8:30 C. H. 3 vs C. H. 5 C. H. 4 vs C. H. 13 C. H. 9 vs C. H. 11 ^ Beta Theta Pi . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: Robert A. Senpur, East Chicago, 111.; John S. Fifer, West Lafayette, Ind.; George B. Farnsworth, Park Ridge, 111.; Pj'nnk D.* Brandel, Jamestown, N. Y.; Donald R. Hall, Hagerstown, Ind.; Theodore E. Nordquist, Gary, Ind.; Barton C. Wood, Grosse Pointe, Mich.; and Jack C. Bliss, Euclid, Ohio.
Purdue
Exponen;
# ♦ Wednesday, April 1, 1942
Dr. Edward A. Birge, president emiritus of the University of Wisconsin, is one of the world’s foremost authorities on lake studies.
Group Discussions WHi Cover Six-Man Game, 'T Formation By Ad* Scheid' . Coach Charles Baer of Lew .Wallace High School will open the doors of the eleventh annual Purdue Football Clinic Friday,' April- 3 at 10 o’clock with a discussibn on “Deception in Football.” The cl'ihie win .extend operations over Satiu--day during which time every phase of footballj including the' sik rharr game and the 'mecMahics of the T formation, will be co'vered. More H. S. Coaches Besides Coach Baer, such prominent high school coaches as Paul Jenkins, Male, Louisville, Ky,; Bernie Witucki, Washington, South Bend; Henry Bogue, W'ashington, Indianapolis; Dan Howard, Central, Evansville; Alvin Franklin, Rockville; and Robert NnIf, North Side, Fort Wayne—will be on hand to discuss and^ demonstrate various grid techniques. Don Hutson and Cecil Isbell, Green Bay Packer stars, wbo between them hold practically all of the professional football forward passing records, will collaborate in a discussion of passing and pass receiving that ii expected to provide one of the highlights of this year’s meeting-. Their discussion will be climaxed by a demonstration of their aerial tactics on the practice ■field. I>iRcu.ss T Formation Following the Kutson-Isbell demonsti’ation. Coach Henry Bogue of Washington High in Indianapoli.s, will continue the field work by taking up the fine points of the T formation. The single wingback systeiu will be elaboi’ated upon by Dan Howard of Central, Evansville, while a six-man squad, under the guidance of Alvin Franklin, of Rockville, will demonstrate six-mail football techniques. The annual banquet will be held Friday evening at which time Major John L. Griffith, Big Ten athletic commissionei- will speak. This will be followed by li coaches’ round table discussion in chai-ge of Boh Nulf, North Side, Fort Wayne. Riveter Teams To Clash The clinic will close Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clock with a demonstration game between^ two chosen Boilermaker teams. Coach Elmer Burnham has been working his varsity men from a T formation and the frosh recruits and reserves from a single wingback.
rhumnd. JhiL bJatsh, SuctmL
. Ted Clark . . .
A Beginner Wfio Caught On £a^ry—Meet Doxie Moore
No, tiol clairyoyaiil lull we do know you’ll he li<-kled when >o;i see lion’ hrighl and ('oloi'i'ii! Sanilone eleaning makes yoiie dresse.s. Yon see. •Sanilone iieneirales lo ilie very lu-arl ol' ihe I'ahrh-, eoa.viiig oiii evi-ry parliele ol" dirl and grime, genlly Iml insisleully. II' yon anl yon elollies lo keep llial neiv-iike sparkle, the lii-.sl liel's .Sanilone,
^ Favors tor Your Spring Dances ^ Cresied Sweetheart Jewelry ^ Sweetheart Pins ^ Fraternity Jewelry ■ — Give a Crested
THIS WANDERER NEVER STEPS inside the Fieldhouse but'wR^it' he Stumbles upon something new, novel or interesting. Today'siftettt' iif not outside the amazing category. ' I’ ivf ' EARLY YESTERDAY AFTERNOON we stopped by Dutch Pel^jg's office to find out . . . yes, you guessedj-it, we wondered when afid’^rttibre is going to be a baseball game around here. That question is nd'^^ ebntparatively irrelevant so we’ll pass on to the point. As we entefedj Dutch introduced us to Doxie Moore, dapper, likeable, amusing coach pL'fdptball and basketbalLat Mt. Vernon (111.) high school. DOXIE’S TEAM was knocked off in the state regional tournament-by Centralia, newly crowned Illinois champions . . . you know, Dwight'^dj dleman and all that. . HOWEVER, IT WASN’T of Illinois schoolboy basketball Fehring and Moore talked. They were gra'duaterf from together in 1934 and proceeded to exchange stories. “Remeiltjii|^’ when you . . . ” That’.s the way it went. The writer just chair and listened. -■<•■ ; - HERE is the story that secnied most interesting (and pritttftftle) to us: Doxie came to Purdue from Delphi as a basketball player arid:p-er-formed on a powerful Delphi team that went to the state touttKsmbnt when Doxie was a senior. ' ' THEY DIDN’T HAVE FOOTBALL at Doxie’s high,school; nevertheless, the Dox determined to play on a Boilermaker football team. 'Whtfn he went out as a freshman he didn’t know what position to 'try fdr'sO' he, just took a hand at everything. Becau.se ofjiis speed the cpachipg staff; finally put Moore in the backfield and he .was just another. ocrity until the beloved Noble Kizer uncovered him in an early', seagirt scrimmage of. Doxie’s'sophomprq year. v. THAT YEAR . . . IT WAS 1931 and Fehring was out for^ai't tackle berth on the team, clearing a path for his pal'Doxie . . .’' iC The Boilprinakers opened the gridiron season with a double ■ t Y header. Football not baseball. The two opponents for the disip were Western Reserve of Cleveland and Coe College of y Rapids, Iow a. | ’U DOXIE WAS LISTED AS second string right halfback and sincd M'e second stringers were to start the Western Reserve game, Dhxie''ytSs prepared to make his collegiate football debut. " ON FRIDAY AFTERNOON THE SQUAD went through a si^l drill. Dox went out for a pass in a sprinting, hustling fashion and nabbdd it. Fred Hecker, a Purdue immortal and a great joker, told Moore to jiist lope out when he got the pass and Dox did just that the next time. 'd NOBLE SAW HIM LOAFING AND demoted him to the fifth '' team which took all of the ginger out of .Moore. Hecket thought' • it w'as a great joke, since he was a teammate of Doxie’s. JUST BEFORE GAME TIME Noble announced the stai-ting liri|ap for the Western Reserve game . .. the first of the two ... . exceprt for right halfback, Doxie’s position. " / ^ AT THE LAST MOMENT Noble dragged Doxie from the doldrums by saying, “O. K., Moore, I guess you better start atY ’ right half.” MOORE STARTED THAT GAME with three great backs, all fairijoas in Purdue history. As the Exponent of Saturday, October 3, 1931,'^^^^> “Interest centers around the untried backfield of Pardonner, HecKiSj Moore and Horstman.” And, of course, you know about those lads.:? -■ TO CLIMAX The SITUATION Doxie scored three touchdowt^lto help the Boilermakers win, 28-0. He took a pass from Hecker one, plunged for another and raced around end 71 yards for anothepi Hb caught a forward from Hecker to set up the fourth score, HoisiltM'n taking it over the double stripe on another pass fi-om Hecker. Y- Vr. AND-THAT. IS THE STORY of Doxie Moore, who never had a fefetball in his liands before^ he came to Purdue. . ' ■ ' 'v’ L'. ,'
— —M'
Now you can write any time, anywhere without an ink bottle at your elbow. Simply fill the Graph-O-Matic with plain Water, and imtnediately you have a large supply erf highest quality ink—flesh from the inkmaking battery in the pen. One battery lasts for months—its ink capacity is equivalent to a dozen
fillings of bottle-fed pens.
The Graph-O-Matic is beautifully streamlined. Precision built. Exclusive features. A marvelous pen for everyone, especially men in service,
travelers, students, etc. Service and satisfaction
Bui/t by Grieshaber Craftsfiieii, Famous
Sinee}B42 guaranteed. Nowon display
FRATERNITY JEWELER Bill Bostain, Agent
Ask To See The New GRAPH-O-MATiC
■'PEN
£1
mm -22«f*■'%
>i < Mt >. 1 , 0 , « ij ^ ('' i ■^l i-ff/^ ^T- ’' *'«l
1%^
ai.* ^ f^'*s mg&4
I
PufduS Exponent
WeSnesiidy, ^>n7 1, 194S
Classes In Defense Instruction To Begin On Tuesday, April 7 In 01 del to Ineet the lapidlv plowing need foi inoie skilled men and wbmen to •\%oik in plants handling wai oiders a no^\ senes of defense tiaining classes -ftill be offeied on the campus this month llegistiation will be held in loom 101 of Michael Golden shops Tuesday, Apnl 7 at 7 pm foi a wide \ariety of beeinnitiG: and ad\ meed subjects Tiaimiifi IS a\ailable without cost except foi the necessai\ text books, to both men and women including those without pievious cngineenng tiaining oi expenence as well as pel sons who need ad^anccd tiain mg in specialized fields Moie than SSO people in this coinmumt^ aie now? attending classes most ol which aie neaiing the completion of then 12 week peiiod Elementarv And Advanced Couiscs Elementalt couises will be of Icred in engineeiing chemisti^, diawing diicct cm lent ekctiicitv pioduction metallui gical and pio duction engineeiing Poi moie ad vanced students, tiaining will be given in phvsical metallingv indiis tiial electionics, elect! ical cngineeiing and man^ othci advanced sub
jeets
The impoitance of tiaining women was emphasized by a iccent statement liom the Wai Pioduc lion Bond that “Employing worn in in wai industiics in incicasing numbeis is inescapable” Many ot the defense couises being oftued will piepaie women foi jobs which will lelease men foi woik not suit . ble loi women oi foi active iimcd sei vice Most of these classes will be taught by membeis of the Univei '■itv staff meeting in classioonis on the campus and using the facilities of the Univeisit\ laboi atones Bowling Alleys Will Lose Stuckey To Army Camp Ralpn Stuckei, minigei ol the Univei Sit'S Bowling Alices will leaie this moi mng toi Foit Benji min Ilaiiison at Indianapolis wneie he will begin his duties in the Unit id States Aimy Stud e\ has been in chiigc of the alleys foi the last six jcais, and will 1)0 lepliccd b\ Eel Mun^c who has been leeening dcik foi the Uni \eisitj SeiMce and Stoics iii the
past
Ralph has peifected his bowling to the point wheie at piesent his aveiage is aiound 200 foi the sea ‘-on ‘ I’ll hate to leave things heie hut I plan to come back aftei the wai IS ovci ” On being asked whit he thou,^ht ol the aimi, he '-aid “I am goin„ to like It as it v\ill do me good both phjNicalh md foi the expeiienco Im being inducted on Apnl Fool s Day—don t know whethei the ainT\ Ol I am getting tooled the most
Wesley Foundation Announces Officers For Coming Year Wesley Foundation, local Meth odist student oiganization elected officois foi the coming school ycai at then Vcspei bei vices last Sun day night The newly elected ofh ceis aie piesident, Beth Ludbeig Mce piesident, Danoll Roach, sec ietai\ Giace M’lllace, ticasuiei, Hugh Poitei chan man ot woiship Mailin Espenshade, chan man of woild fnendship, Elizabeth Doug las chan man of community activ ities Dale Moffett, chan man of lecieation and leisuie time, Maltha Bi ow n Student mmistei E R Balsley, announced that the Foundation will be conducted this ycai along the linos ol the new Methodist Youth Foundation Ihis calls toi an execu tiee committee ot eight officcis and a student hoaid ot twenty five membei s The new student boaid consists ol seven membeis tiom each class in the Univoisitv and foui giaduato students Next yeai s sophomoie membeis aie Mai ion Stackhouse, Dick Neal, Maiy Beth Dayhuft, Bully n Michel Emma Lizenby, Willie Haiiei and Helen Lumpkin The juniois aie Eileen Caipentei Bill Wai lick, Ruth C ustei, Dons Rockwell Andy Shevchuck Ath loem Bandliei and Bob Wood New ly elected seniois include Geoige Bixlei Elaine Holton Paul Gentiy Kathiyn Gillespie Joan Vansicklc Paul Eckki and Packy Abshiei Those lepiescnting the giaduate students aic Lcstei Mit+rtl Komiei Sho, Kenneth Bioome, and Richaid
Wit/
The newly elected ofbcei s will be instilled at a special iccognition ■'eicite m the Inst Methodist ( hill eh on Sunday Api il 12 Alpha Sigma Phi soci il tiatiinity announces (he pkdgin^ ot the following men Jheodoie A Anekison Cheyenne Wyoming R ciiaid \ Bi ind V\ LitiyetU Yilliun R C lui^enpLc] Kokomo Aiisiin P 1 ak 1 o-,o Neyxloimdl ind Lceniid M Rose Mai'-hill Missoiii CiiksE F ly loi iMoliliecllo Will] nil 1 liyloi Monlu (llo
Classified Ads
T>i)c\\ri(trs A T T i j, Mucliii os all niakts ^ol(] ronU I cp iro 1 nl purchase 1 IVIim ,^r II h woik don C T Lhe rslu ft rCylVltin I if > a llo 2 ) Sliidcnt Help Wanted fo oonpltlo 1 i I I )hs ( )» Ih ummci t in (. umu! ili\ in l(x 11)0 1 I 1 uni 1 An In I All 11 C IV II 11 S i th
lost U n n I 1th hi t liul i\ ( S A U t in t ( il \ I It u I ! n i
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Student Artists To Submit Convo Program Designs Before Monday, April 20 Student entiies in the contest foi neyv Univeisity convocation piogiams should be submitted to Bob Paiks m the Putteiing Shops betoie Apnl 20 Paiks, head of the Puttciing Shops, IS in cbaige oJ the
contest
Mrs K Laik Hoiovitz Piol lus tus Rising, and Plot Maiion Willoughby will seive as judges foi the contest A piizc of ten dollais yvill be awaided to the student submitting the most suitable design A second pnze ot five dollais will also
be given
Unlimited Number ot Entiies The text of the piesent piogiams must be ictained in the neyy designs which must also be appiopiiate to the Music Hall Sample piogiams may now be obtained in the Puttciing Shops in the Union An unlimited numbei of entiies may’’ be submitted by any student as long as they aie diawn in India ink on white illustiation boaid 12 x 18 inches Indicated m pencil on the sample layout should be the si/e, style and pi iccment ot the type to
be used
Officer Will Discuss Signal Corps Today Students cm oiled m ultiahigh tiequency couises will heai Lieut P A Zimmeiman, lepiesentative ot the chief signal offices ot the United States Aimy, speak on the oppoi tunities offeied jn the signal eoips today Plot Robeit P Siskind, the instiiictoi of the local coinse, has at piesent 49 students enioiled, including 41 semois, 3 giaduate students, and 6 staff membeis Seven ot the soniois aic m the advanced mill taiy coiuse and six aie in the naval 1eseive Lieut Zirameiman will explain how students in this field ot study who have not alieadv signed up foi the naval lestive oi aic not taking the advanced ROTC woik heie may apply toi enlistment as leseivc of ficei s Those who sign up lot the signal coips will be deleiied until giad nation
Sociologry Clanses Prof Noss will not moot hia tlnsscs in Siciology Wednestlay Apnl 1 —NOSS f
All UngmeerH will fcntiire Mai
PAULAS PLACE
BEEF STEAK HOME MADE CHILI
BEEF BARB-Q PORK TENDERLOIN
Phone 2645
FURNAS ICE CREAM 216 W. Columbia Sf.
We Deliver
FROM TH£
OF MWLECtXeS Al«]» ATOMS •elenUote return after 11 yearn’ ceaaeleos search with the prtzed writing instrument so artieotly sought.
1 HfcAR IT STARTS IN A SFUT'SiCOND AND YOUR
Mer
yes THE POINT IS A 14 K GOLD TUBE, ENcLoSED »N A TAPERED GUARD THAT PROTECTS THE POINT FROM HARM AND yOUR FINGERS FROM INK STAINS
$12 90 and $19 WHy NOT GO AND SEE THE 51 * PEN AND INK DEMONSTRATED? AFTER ALL, WHAT HAVE WE TO LOSE? V V N
'»n.y
uert try theia MtAti »c49.
DECKER’S INC
518 20 Mam.. Phone 508b
Notices
Open mcotfnff of AlEP T B Holliday 27 Wed nosday Apiil 1 at 30 p m in loom 120 of the EE Buildinp: who will speak on 1 Uctiical Equipment in Military Ancraft BOWMAN Student War Council Meolinp ThinsditV Apnl 2 at " 30 p m m the Student Senate ofVicc —DIBOS Toicstry Club Mectinr Wednesday Apnl I at TO in the Hoitieultiue Buildini?
BASS
Exponent Sophomore Staff Woik Bched ulcs in on llu b lilctin hiaid m the oHicc please check youi nssii^nments and ace me about inv adjustmcnls ARMSTRONG Tloiticulturc Sociclj Mcotinp: ot 7 30 Wednesday Apnl I in the Hoiticultuic Bnildini? Scniois Schowc TToyd and Sehull will itpoit on their tlicbis BASS PAC Impoifinf inettiiiR Wednesday Apn) 8 llnfion ff cfTu is All present members and rew sc moi minnt,cifl please
alte nd
- ADAMS Roffci Williams ( luh E istei sunnsesoiv lee All (lub membeis meet at the puson ij,c 110 S El mt at 5 13 im and Iroin time to Stcelejs Wends A breikfisl >vill 1)0 seived mim dintoly alfei this meet mt, il th h I h T IK E" lents UI R1J\ Stabbard and Blade Mie-tinfr Endav A] nl at I I’" in llu Aimiiy to assii,n list and w ife ut diliils foi Best Se I dm Contest All ae t tv< s ])le ise be then You in n I I JACKSON PIA Board Memiurs Binm t tickets no fifty (cnUs SUl INI H Wtstminsfor louiulution Iht fonndi II n will h IV II p u Iks nr til T i tei Aft el 1 ister it 1( isl f\\ ) mm Heicial functions lie planne 1 A i 11 i skafiru’’ pirtv is lIiniuT irn n I t ly aft i 1 isLe t and a I i< m Is 1)1 n n <1 1 i th litter p irt ot Api ! r\ ARK
Aff Ed Society Annual dinner at 6 15 p m Weelnesctny -^ril 1 in the Home Eco nomics building: Tickets may be obtained from Carroll Golcman and Henry Wit7 for 60 cents —COLEMAN Catalyst Club 1 lection of officeis Wednesday April 1 at 7 30 SiRn list in Dr lovclls office and pick up a copy of the constitution before Tue sday noon —YODER Science Seniors All science seniors who h tve not called at my office in the past week to fill out scnioi blanks sie requested to do so it once ENDLRS Phi I nmbda Upsilon Business meetinp" Thuisdav Apnl 2 it 4 30 p m in the Chem
Annex
-^BRANNI R
All Swimmers T)( Iphin swimminpr ban qiKl d itc Ins Ik on changed to 1 hiirsday Apnl 2 All men ml i(st d spni up in the
P( ( 1 uul pay r0( t Williamson
KERR
WAA Aith i\ piattm Thu d iv Apnl 2 I 1 p m m til Gym IROXl LL Pcncinj, Rermners touinamcnt will stait Ihursday Apnl 2 at t 1 > p m Advincid tom n inn nt will ilso be held R i evptnenetd fciHcis who hav( not linced m i pievious touinty at tin Univtrsity Sq n up at the Eieldh )U e at 4 p in m lii l<ncmi, Rof in uy li ni this week OAKl S All Students St ulniN \\1 i (\pect to (li mj t fitm one bool within the Univ i sitv t ai thci it tlu did oi the piesent semester me ulvised to obtain the neecsBiry 1)1 nks at (11 c ti m the UeKfsti ii s (I (( sroNi Rtj,istrition Workcis Slnbnls who wi h t) w)ik t(i the U jnstini duimt, the sum mci t tm iikisti ition May 1 md fi me lequested to m iTee ipi lie itie n at the Uepis trai s oOiei those with pievious expen < nee at ui;i tialen ei Ih i ( leiicul woik u t,ivd) pie fci net SIONE WAA rtriniH Cillout Ihnrsdiy Apnl 2 Tw 1 1 K tie m I lined I )i liuninnnt ( nti i t( Pe i ni nn il sUnt Me nd ly Ai nl 1 Open to lU coeds Pnetue on Monday an I Ihmsliyatil t m SCHIIBEK
Marriagre Couraa Visit to Loeb's posii poned Meeting Wed April 1 at 8 p Jiri in room 304 of the Union ^ —WILKENING riying: Club Important mdetmi? on Wed , Apnl 1 at 7 dO m loom 261 of the Union -HABICin AIEE Open Meeting- All interested peisona arc invited to hoar Major T B Holliday of the U S Air Coips talk on * Electrical Equipment on Military Aircraft,* Talk will bo given Wed April 1, at 7 80 in loom 120 of the LE Bldp All engineers me ihvited —BOWMAN Catholic Students A niimher of stiidenta are wanted for the Catholic bummer camp Thos(i mtcicsted call 2501 —BUOCH All Old and New VWCA Cabinet Members Installation of ollicirs and cabinet memhora 'lluiisday Apnl 2 Dinnei in the (ufetena will precede the inbtallatlon Plerfse meet in the YWCA ollico at 5 10 p m —Ph rr USON All Seniors Seniois interested m RcttiitB a 1012 Debris call Burton 5001 Thcodoitc 506) or Woods 6204 Only a limited num ber left Cali now —TIIEODOSE Sliver Mask There will be no meotiuB liUQday March 11 ns originally scludulcd Showing: of Ihi film Eundamontals of Toil roTicinj*- will icplacc it on Wed April 1 in loom 107 at 7 30 of the Euldhouso
—OAKES
Interfratornity Presidents* Council Dlnlui mittinu: Thursday April 2 at 0 p m at Sif-ma Nu house —MOYBTELD KAO Intcivicws flch(duled foi Wedn^day Apnl I in loom 328 are as follows Mntinn 1 1) S(liwah 1 25 Baynes 4 85 Bud 1 13 /iiirUi 4 35 Uluch 5 03 Wfl(tx 5 ir Gaulnci 3 2 -PEARSON Alpha rill Omega Intel viewing commit t (s tuin in n imes and reports tfi Btrt Keek irninedintely - BREWI R PAt Impnitant moi ting Wtdnesdiy Aju 18 f< 1 (Uction of offuir*? All pies<nt mtmlds md luw bfnioi managers please ittcnd —ADAMS
PfA Chooses (Conlinuod liom pigo 1) ifications at the PIA office m the Union hctoiL 4 p m on Monday <il coiding to Eldci The new ofheeis will govein PIA dm ing the sunimoi session ind the next scholastic yen 'Vlthough the oigini/ation pi ins no letnc piogiam (oi the summci the now hoaid will lepicscnt independtnt students duini„ these thice months Pi Kappa Phi ^ announces the lollowing oJ (iceis loi the next seniestci Rich ud C Youn„ piesident Williim I Sw igei tu isLiiei Geoigc H leiiiuLt sccieliiy Paul B I ihe hisioiiin Chailes J IT a i is chip lull Robcit T He IK w 11(1(11 Mile 1 Sw-uts hooKketjKi ( nl Mill IT raembti at 1 a ste w ii d s (uuimittee
Indtpcndcnl btalT Uioic will be i hitlily imtioiluit mtcliTiK Wodnosd ly tvcnint, at io in th Independent line Mike e\iiv itumpt t> In tlieic I U rilOMI’SON Poultry Club Impoitint m ctini{ linns day Apnl 2 it 7 dO pm in inim 212 ol th Uni, n Ollittis I I, ilect, 1 Si lUei will 1 l(, Sini 1 till 1 Itiy depailmiit wol I r
Phi I.aiiihda Upsilon Inl irnil iiiti iti i S il 1 I o \iiil 11 it 2 1 m 111 11 111 Ull I th, ( h mistiy Itnihline MON 1 GO Ml lt\ \SC1 Mtclinj, 1 M nd ij Apnl t il to 1 rn m i m 01 f th CL I uild t i I L I Fi id IV i I i cv ) i ly i 1 rl( 1 TRUII 1 Ail Wmun Students Iittit ttd in ^iil Lit 11 It niti s h ill attend the mett j.. It I W In sda\ Apnl 1 in i m i ,llh Unwn IRENE n IDT Militirv (ode Instruction Men wh quil if il It t w 1 m ( I I ett 1 mid sue i i i tituat t) th it (lUct bh )uld ctntict It H ilhuL I Ii tiuct i U m it Aimnj BUUKHAUl
c ■ •••" —>■■■ ■ —■
N
DR PAUL A
RISK
DR LUTHER A
RISK
DR HAROLD J
RISK
— DENTISTS
—■
400 404 Schultz
Bldg
4th and Main St
Lafayette
^
—
Refresh Your Spring Wardrobe with Crown Cleaning! • Crown Cleaned Clothes wear longer —it’s patriotic to conserve. hmm'i
Top of the Hill
MY MOMMY I DONE TOE ME
THAT WHENEVER I LOSE SOMETHING^ THAT I NEED GREATLY, JUST CALL 4005 AND ORDER A
ADVERTISING PAYS
r*! ziciCTFTFn li'n
IN