This Mewspciper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
WEDHEStfAY
May 11,
lafcqrette, ladfema VOL. 40 No. 176
Sheets Speaks To ASCE
Annual Banquet In Union
“The missing link between the researcher and the practitioner is the interpreter,” state Frank T. Sheets, 1911 graduate of the University of Illinois, and president of the Portland Cement Association, at the annual Spring banquet of the Society of Civil Engineers. The banquet was held at 6:30 in the faculty . lounge of the Union Building.
Zouaves To Drill Today For 1,200 Knights Templar
Today at 2 p. m. west of the courthouse, the University Zouave squad will join a drill team from an Indianapolis commandery to begin this afternoon’s piogiam of the 84th annual conclave of the Indiana grand commandery of the Knights Templar. Announced at 3 p. m. Ky a succession of three aerial bombs, to be filed at 25 and 6 minute intervals, 1 espectively, the giand parade will get underway. University Band Marches Twelve hundred Knights Templai, accompanied by 10 bands including the University Military band, will form at Sixth and Ferry streets, and will march. Upon reaching Columbia street, the parade will reform according to rank. Bands marching in the procession are Riley High, Masonic Home, Frankfort High, Jefferson High, West Lafayette High, and others. University Musicians Knights and ladies will meet in the Union ballroom at 6:30 p. m. for a banquet, which will be followed by the grand commander’s reception. University musical organizations, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will furnish entertainment for the activities. Bud Bryant’s band will furnish music for the grand ball, which is to begin at 9 p. m. Dance numbers will be interrupted with special entertainment features and awarding of attendance prizes.
Dairy Club To Picnic On Intramural Field
Under the sponsorship of the University Dairy Club, the annual dairy picnic will take place on lower intramural field Saturday afternoon at 2 o’clock. Johnny Edgerton, president of the club, extends an invitation to all freshmen interested in becoming acquainted with the dairy instructors and staff members to come to the picnic. Among the activities of the afternoon will be the annual baseball game in which the faculty and seniors challenge all members of the lower three classes. As food must be prepared in advance, Edgerton requests all who plan to attend to sign a paper on the bulletin board in Smith Hall.
Scrivener Club...
. . . pledged 24 students at a meeting last Sunday in the home of Dorothea Justin in West Lafayette. Formal initiation will be held May 22 in the Union Building, and will be followed by a banquet in Wheel-er-’s Restaurant in Lafayette. Students who were pledged are Virginia Sidwell, Georgann Schilling, Eleanor Fink, L. G. Alexander, L. G. Lind, R. C. Springgate, J. S. Dqpree, Ruth Hauptli, Betty Wickard, Mary Thompson, Mona Jane Balcom, Sally McKee. Georgialee Wiegel, L. Bossong, Charlotte Finney, Elinor Ward, R. A. Spraker, C. E. Blocker, C. H. Waldhauer, J. D. Hoffman, H. Wist, W. Shaw, G. J. Tafel, and J. 0. Min-
Indiona Weather
“Here at the University, the teachers are the interpreters,” he commented, “and if it weren’t for the teachers, a lot of us would probably be still digging ditches. “I get my batteries charged every time I come to Purdue,” Sheets said referring to what he called “the Purdue atmosphere.”
Talks To Capacity Crowd Father of F. T. Sheets, Jr., CE ’38 and president of the Student Union, Sheets, Sr., explained to the capacity audience of civil engineers and faculty members that the primal y cause foi the present lag that exists between research and practice is due to “lack of inteipietation.” The banquet, at which Grover D. Rose, CE ’38 and president of the local chapter of the ASCE, served as toastmaster, began with a song session led by Fred Ahrens, campus humorist. This was followed by the reading of the hilarious ’38 class will by Prof. B. H. Petty, of the civil engineering school, in which the 40 members of this year’s CE graduating class poked fun at the faculty members.
Hatt Introduces Sheets
Dean A. A. Potter, head of the University’s schools of engineering, introduced Sheets, the speaker of the evening. According to precedent. Prof. Ellis presented the two candidates from the Indiana section, J. L. Waling and H. F. Hill, CE ’38, with certificates for junior memberships in the ASCE the awards being based on scholarship, personality, engineering ability, activities, and public speaking. F. T. Sheets, Jr., will be the recipient of a similar award to be present by the Illinois section May 20. Following the banquet, the annual election of officers for the society was held. Fred Ahrens, CE ’39, was elected to the position of president; M. D. Stepath, CE ’39, to vice president; L. A. Luth, CE ’40, secretary; and F. J. Woodsmall, CE ’40, treasurer. Following the election, Ahrens appointed F. C. Moses, CE ’39, the opposing candidate for the presidency, as a special vicepresident.
Senior Snoopers To Expose Co-eds At Razz Banquet
By Dorothea Justin
Once again the Senior Snoopers will hold sway at a banquet exclusively for and managed by senior women. May 18, at 6 p. m. in the Home Economics cafeteria. The affair will be the second in the University’s history, the initial dinner being last year. The purpose of the banquet is to promote a feeling of friendship and fellowship among senior co-eds, officials of the banquet said yesterday. Modeled after the present Sigma Delta Chi Razz Banquet, the “SS” ’38 girls will keep secret the programs, management, and official snoopers. Several persons have been appointed by the chief Senioi Snooper to discover salient facts about all senior co-eds.
To Acknowledge Talents Unrequited loves, requited loves, shapeliest legs, greatest sense of humor, loopiest lines will all be attributed to certain girls at the dinner. No faculty members will be present, and those attending will be sworn to secrecy. “Revelations of and for all,” will be the banquet’s theme, according to the anonymous head. “SS” ’38.
Forecast for Indiana: Local showers today. Mostly cloudy, probable showers tomorrow. Little change in temperature.
Theta Tau ,
ROTC Instructor To Retire After 30 Years ’ Service
ROTC Corps To Assemble
► Sergeant G. C. Bowman, of the United States army and member of the University’s ROTC instructional staff, will retire officially tomor-
For Inspection Tomorrow
row after 30 years’ service. After the corps forms in the armory for federal inspection. Colonel Blakely will take charge to honor officially Sergeant Bowman. At the conclusion of Colonel Blakely’s remarks and following the military courtesy to a retiring officer, the corps will be presented to Sergeant Bowman. After the presentation the corps will give a cheer for Sergeant Bowman which will be led by W. T. Luce, battery A, 1st, regiment, and W. 0 Alexander of the service battery, 4th regiment. Sergeant Bowman enlisted in the United States Army October 13, 1908. During his enlistment he has served in widely separated localities: the Philippine Islands; Fort Sill, Okla.; Mexican border; West Point Military Academy; Fort Meyer, Va.; Camp Jackson, S. C.; San Francisco, Cal.; and Purdue Univeisity.
Counselor Group
Hears Dr. Knight
“The Psychology of Counseling” was discussed by Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the division of education and applied psychology department, at the joint meeting of WSGA and engineering counselors for freshmen yesterday at 4 p. m. in the Stanley Coulter Hall lecture room.
“The master-submission i-elation-ship is the most desirable between the counselor and his freshman,” said Dr. Knight. “Make the freshman look up to you; if he is taller, well, just get another freshman.”
Dramatic, Speech Groups To Sponsor
Dr. Knight advised counselors to try and undei stand the viewpoint of a person just starting out in the University. He also urged counselors to transfer their own self-reli-ance and self-sufficiency to their charges, rather than make them dependent on their advisoi.
Recognition Dinner
Playshop, radio station WBAA, and all forensic groups will hold their annual speech recognition dinner, the Stage-Stump-Studio Banquet, May 20, at 6 p. m. in the Home Economics cafeteria.
Hi I inter Suffers From Explosion
H. Kenn Carmichael, of the speech department, who is in charge of the program, said last night, “This is an invitational affair, and anyone who has been active in radio, dramatics, or debate is eligible for an invitation. Those who haven’t received invitations should check with their organization.” , Recognition Awards Special recognition awards for outstanding work will be awarded to some students, and others will receive keys, medals, or shingles for meritous mork or membership. New members and officers of the groups will be announced at the banquet. Students will form a part of the planned program, but the principal speaker of the evening has not yet been announced by program officials. Dancing by means of recordings broadcast through a public address system will follow the banquet. Tickets are available at the Playshop office in Eliza Fowler Hall, radio station WBAA, or at the speech office on the third floor of University Hall, Carmichael said.
Max L. Hillmer, Sci. ’41, of Huntington, suffered serious face injuries Monday night when the potassium chloride compound and phosphorus with which he was experimenting explod9d at his room. According to Dr. S. J. Miller, of the Student Health Service, who took Hillmer to the St. Elizabeth Hospital at 1:30 yesterday morning, the face and hand injuries are fairly serious. The exact seriousness of the eye injury is as yet undetermined.
Hospital authorities reported late last night that Hillmer’s condition is “good.”
Newman Club To Attend
Pitnk At Turkey Run
Newman Club members from Indiana schools and colleges will attend a picnic to be held at Turkey Run State Park, Sunday, May 15.
One of the features of the outing will be a baseball game between Purdue and Indiana State Teachers’ College. Those who plan to attend the picnic, which is free of change, are asked to notify R. C. Kasser, telephone 3769, chairman of the affair.
Sigma Xi Initiates At Ceremonies Held In Faculty Lounge Sunday
At ceremonies held in the faculty loiinge of Memorial Union Building Sunday, Sigma Xi, national honorary society for the encouragement of original investigation into pure and applied science, initiated graduate and undergraduate students. Sigma Xi was founded at Cornell University in 1886. Dinner followed the initiation ceremonies. Active members initiated include:
. . . professional engineering fraternity, announces the pledging of James A. McKee, South Bend.
Haakon Bang, Ernest L. Beals, Joseph Davis Danforth, Carl Denison, William Brooks Fortune, Henry M. Grubb, James H. Hunter, Hubert Maxwell James, George Vernon Mueller, John Geyard Mulder, Harold W. Ritchey, Lynn S. Robertson, Maxwell James Skeetei’s, Barney Ralph Strickland, Richard Kenneth Toner, Charles Henry Watkins, Rolla H. Wileman, Paul Andrew Wolf, Lee F. Worrell. Three alumni initiates are Alice H. Hayden, Charles A. Young, and Helen Ruth Zimmerman. Others initiated ^i’e: Associate (Graduate) — Max Fredrick Bechtold, William Albert Bittenbender, James Fagan Bourland, Robert Webster Bratton, Alfred H. Brueckner, David Read Burtsfield, Mary Tqpper Cable, Richard Pence Carter, Helen L.
IS-Gun Salute To Herald Arrived Of Major Genertd W, E, Cole On Intramural Field In The Afternoon
When Major General W, E. Cole enters Intramural Field at 2 o’clock tomorrow afternoon, the entire ROTC Corps assembled there will come to attention and a 13-gun salute will be fired starting Federal inspection. Major General Cole is commanding General of the Fifth Corps Area. In case of inclement weather, a substitute inspection will be held inside the Armory. Other inspecting officers are Ma-
jors Stuart McLeod and John Sanderson of Lafayette and Lieutenant Governor Schricker. According to Captain S. A. Beckley, pedestrians are requested to enter Intramural Field prior to 1:30 via the Third Street entrance. Limited parking for the public will be provided along the west side of the inspection field prioi to 1:15 with entiance by the noithwest gate to the field on Stadium avenue.
To Restrict Traffic Traffic on University, Third, and Fourth streets and Stadium avenue will be restricted after 1115. The University parking area south of the Armory will be closed all day tomorrow. Parking on the east side of Intramural Field and admission to all seats in the limited stands are on pass. Bleachers have been erected on the east side of the field only. The Purdue ROTC has received the highest rating given by the War Department for the last 13 years. Inspection this year will differ from last year in that the first and second brigades will demonstrate at different times, rather than all of the regiments performing at once. Under the direction of Cadet Colonel Musham the first brigade will form for calisthenics. Immediately following, the second brigade, led by Cadet Colonel Wickersham will give an exhibition of the command system drill. Classroom Inspection Classroom inspection will be conducted by the inspecting officers Friday and Saturday. Following field inspection, the annual military banquet will be held in the Memorial Union ballroom tomorrow evening. President Elliott acting as toastmaster, will introduce, for short talks, the inspecting committee as well as other guests and officers. Presentation of various annual military awards will take place at this time.
Girl Scouts To Meet
On Campus Saturday
Creech, Garold Hungerford Echelbarger, Paul Evans, jr., Nathan Maxted Foote. Nellie Dora Greenburg, George Conrad Gross, Rudolph Louis Holder, Ruth Elizabeth Henion, Raymond I. Hoaglin, Clinton H. Hobbs, Fred W. Hoover, James Spier Karslake, Harry M. Mason, Donald T. Meredith, Earl W. Nelson, David Rankin, Katherine H. Read, Paul H. Reedy, Hilda M. Schwehn, C. Austin Sprang, Homer Lanford Strickland, Robert Tzucker, J. Emmert Young. Associate (Undergraduate)—John Frantz Bell, Steven Eric Belsley, John Edison Brock, Richard Henry Chinn, Rex B. Davis, Paul Henry Egli, John Albert Erickson, J. Wayne Fredericks, Karl Freese, jr., John F. Garrott, Sara Kathryn Hochstetler. Marion Jones, Charles Milton Kirkpatrick, John F. McCauley, James Albertine McClintock, jr., J. Ronald Murray, W. C. Musham, Edward Novitski, Charles Albert Reichelderfer, William Smith Reveal, Julius Christopher Sanders, Robert H. Schlundt, John M. Sheadel, Frank T. Sheets, jr., Harrisop M. Stine, Herbert F. Wiegandt, William Winslow, jr.
One-hundred and fifty girls, representing girl scout troops from West Lafayette, Lafayette, Fowler, and Attica, will participate in the girl scout play day on the University campus Saturday from 9 till 12 a. m. Helen Beko, University physical education student, will be in charge of group play, and girls of the West Lafayette girl scout troop will serve as hostesses to the visitors.
During registration in the Union Building at 9 a. m., the group of girls will be divided into teams ) for competition in volleyball, base-' ball, dodge ball and bat ball. Games will be played on the women’s athletic field. Following these games the girls will compete in swimming relays in the Memorial Gymnasium pool. Martha Haltom will present swimming awards at the conclusion of the play day during a social hour.
Wesley Players ...
SDX Completes Plans For Annual Newspaper Day
Sigma Delta Chi members, at a meeting held last night in the Memorial Union Building, completed plans for their annual Newspaper Day to be conducted here Friday. Arrangements were made for the registration Friday morning and an election of pledges was held. Special initiation ceremonies for these pledges and for associate member candidates will be a feature of the program Friday night. At the main Newspaper Day banquet in the Union Friday night at 6:30 W. S. Gilmore, editor of the Detroit News, will be the main speaker. He will give a talk on the subject, “Has the Press Fulfilled Its Obligation to the Public?”
Meiodist Groups To Convene Here
Approximately 100 representatives of Methodist student groups from Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, Illinois, and Indiana Universities will arrive on the campus Friday to attend the Wesley Foundation regional conference. The Illinois Wesley Foundation Council will as^ sist the local council as hosts for the three-day convention. A Fellowship Banquet will be held Friday night preceding the Wesley Players presentation of “The Rock.” Discussion g^roups will be headed Saturday morning by national religious leaders, and a steak roast will be held in Happy Hollow Saturday evening. University students may attend the meetings of the conference, according to Wesley Foundation officials.
Skull And Crescent
Chooses Officers
Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary, elected the following officers at the annual banquet in the Union ballroom at 6:30 o’clock last night: J. A. Black, Logansport, president; H. R. Hall, Elkhart, vice president; R. O. Potter, Winnetka, 111., secretary; R. E. BaiTey, West Lafayette, treasurer; J. R. Ogden, Louisville, Ky., sergeant-at-arms. Professor G. A. Young spoke to the group on “Traditions and Reminiscences of Purdue.” Pi-ofessor C. S. Doan also gave a brief talk on “The Aims of Success.” Initiation was held in the Mechanical Building at 5 p. m. preceding the banquet.
Cottingham To Speak On
Flight Phenomena Friday
. . . student dramatic organization, aimounces the pledging of Jane Hall, Lafayette; Opal George, West Lafayette; Prances Rae, New Canaan, Conn.; Clara Brickler, West Lafayette; Fairie Totten, West Lafayette. Donovan Foust, Elwood; Hugh Deale, Michigan City; Bob Lumpkin, Losantville; Russell Luke, Goshen; Melba Tooker, Elkhart; and Frances Baker, Montgomery.
Charles Cottingham, CE ’92, of the United States Patent Office, will give a lecture on “The Phenomena of Flight” next Fr iday, at 7:30 p.m. in the Physics Building. The program is under the auspices of Sigma Pi Sigma, national physics honorary society. Society officers invite the public to attend. The talk will be illustrated by motion pictures of the flight of the birds and airplanes.i
£dibfdedL
THE PDBDOE EXPONENT
diunufL
Wednesday. May 11, 1938
Jhs £dJiloh ScufA: ‘It’s A Good Thing’... . . . commented seasoned fraternity men as they gathered about the campus yesterday to discuss faculty approval of the newly proposed “Fraternity Week.” We think it is more than- a good thing ... it is definite progress. Certain skeptical individuals are trying to find loopholes in the plan to have all pre-initiation activities during the same week, but thinking persons agree that the proposal is sound. Minor technicalities remain to be worked out. Unforeseen difficulties are bound to show up, but the challenge is in the hands of the Greek organizations. Because fraternity men themselves are the originators and the most ardent proponents of the plan, “Fraternity Week” should become a permanent part of the University calendar. Revisions do not come over night, but when organizations make changes of their own free will and accord, such changes are likely to stick. That the responsibility belongs to the students was emphasized by President Elliott following the action of the Executive Committee M[onday, when he said, “The University is willing to give students the opportunity to assume responsibility and run their own affairs.” For the Fraternity Presidents’ Council we prophesy new life with increasing activity and work. Now—after more than a century during which fraternities and colleges have existed more or less independently with the Greek organizations passing through cycles of administrative unawareness, neglect, tolerance, mild opposition, and recognition—^we are observing a new era of cooperation all over the nation. Fraternity men, by drawing up plans for “Fraternity Week,” and University executives, by voting cooperation, along with the progressive University policy place Purdue among the leaders in this new cooperative action. Last winter the Association of American Colleges and National Interfraternity Conference adopted unanimously a definition of relations between college and fraternity. High points in this Magna Carta of college and fraternity relations follow. Obligation Of The College To The Group: student group life is an essential educational process. It should be i ecognized as such, and as large a degree of responsible control as possible should be delegated to it Self government is a primary objective in college training: the work of the college will be strengthened by utilizing the fraternity to this end. The college may delegate responsibility to the fraternity, but it IS thereby not absolved from its own responsibility. The college must enforce accountability for all delegated responsibility. The college should insist upon the financial integrity of all student undertakings, and not allow them to encroach up on the student’s primary purpose in coming to college. Group life, to be of gieatest value, must be integrated with college objectives intellectually as well as socially, physically, and morally.
the Purdue Exponent
jhwetlttted IjlraM
Entered as second class matter at tlie post office In Ijafarette, Indiana, nnder the act oT Conirress o< March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage iHrorfded for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1017, anthorUed Jan. 20, 1922. Published dallr except Monday daring the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus Bubscrlptiona 88 per year; by mail $8.60.
B!dltor-Ii»-CMrf
BoaineM Managwr
R. P. Maiiion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor -—,—J. B. Bindi Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer Associate i^itors D. A. Bafley, L. S. Hardin. C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanfam^ D. B. Vance Sophomore Assistants—^R. J. DeckarA G. W. Frederidc. K. C. Houston, K. EL Insley, B. L. Keek, W. A. Bjroeplin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, O. A. Torrence, J. 0. Woodson CO-ED STAFF Editor BUsabeth Pyke Associate Elditors Mary Codley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee 8P0BTS STAFF Editor.. Jl. F. Obencbain Associate ^itors J. S. Brown, B. L. McDonald. B, D. Witwer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Businees Manager. J. F. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Giililan Local Adyertislng Manager R. BL Heasler Circulation Manager M. O. Beeves MAIN OFFICE 818 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone S8S7 Business nwns 6088
Night Editor—Deckard Issue Editor—Miers Wednesday, May 11, 1938
©bilgati®ii Of The Groyp To.The College: The fraternity is responsible to the college to the extent to which the privilege of association withdraws its members from the immediate control of the college. The fraternity should maintain proper social standards and wholesome conditions of living. The fraternity must either control its members or return them to the control of the college. The fraternity must either govern itself adequately, or be supervised or dispersed by the college. Obligafion Of The Group To The individual: The fraternity has no immediate responsibility for scholarship, but should maintain conditions that will promote the individual’s best development in every way. 'The fraternity should not give refuge to its members in any breach of accepted responsibility. The fraternity should respect the rights of its members to self-development. ©biigat-ion Of The Individual To The Group: The individual’s right of self-expression is limited by his obligations to the group and to the college. Compulsion is a poor substitute for cooperation. Obligation Of The Alumnus To The College: Alumni membership is an opportunity to serve youth and gives the alumnus no other privilege or right. The undergraduates are responsible to the colleges for the chapter; alumni must always respect this responsibility.
Letters to the editor most be kept at a reasonable length and mast be accompanied by the writers’ signatnres. Unless otherwise requested, the author’s name will be published with his letter. If, for reasons obvious to our readers, the editor sees fit to withhold any name, that name will be k^ri in strict confidence.
Class Recognition Taboo Dear Editor: It appears that in their desire to obtain class reco'gntion a few membei s of the classes of ’40 and ’41 have gone a bit too far. I shall admit that class spirit is desirable, but might not the expiession of this spuit be used moie advantageously than in the wanton disfiguration of campus buildings—campus buildings that should live in our memories in their true beauty and not as buildings painted with ugly ’40’s and ’41’s? Heavilon Hall, beloved by grads and a welcome sight to returning alumni, has stood as a campus landmark since 1895. Now the entrance is marred by a ’41 sprawled beneath the words “Engineering Laboratory.’’ Glance around you—see the numerals on the Physics Building, the Armory, the stack, the ventilators. Surely this is not the true Boilermaker spirit! Skull and Crescent suppressed a threatened return of the tank scrap last year. Perhaps, although I hope not, strong-arm “reasoning” will be necessary again this year in order to keep the campus from becoming a vandals’ playground, Dan Meyers, ChE ’40.
Campus Pride Dear Editor: The Purdue campus is one in which every student should take a great pride. At this time of the year it is especially attractive. Because many visitors are on our campus during this season, we, the students, should take it upon ourselves to keep it in good condition. But J’m afraid we haven’t made such a good job of it. Walk in front of the Physics Building sometime, notice the top of the tunnel ventilator behind the lij^ary, take a look at the roofs of the Armory, the Physics Building, and the entrance to Heavilon Hall. Do you see what I mean? Suppress The Desire? Class spirit is a fine thing to have but when it comes to disfiguring the buildings by painting ’40’s and ’41’s on them it is time to suppress the desire to symbolize the spirit of ’40 or ’41. Perhaps someone can invent a scheme whereby the frosh and the sophomores can contend for supremacy. The tank scrap has been abandoned for well-known reasons, but maybe someone can suggest an alternative. So let’s refrain from cluttering up the campus with a bunch of poor lettering jobs and keep the campus looking as it should look.
“Thank you,” one of the most useful phrases in the English language, IS seldom over used. Today we suggest it to the recipient of a corsage for a dance. To think is hard, and a corsage is the evidence of thought on the part of the sender. He should therefore receive real thanks, for he has actually thought about you. It was interesting too, to find from a recent survey that boys like to be thanked at the beginning of the evening for their flowers. So remember “Thanks so much for the wonderful freesias” early in the evening, and do try to be original in your thank you language.
The John Marshall
LAW
SCHOOL FOUNDED 1899 AN ACCREDITED LAW SCHOOL TEXT and CASE METHOD
For Catalog, recoinmondod lUtVf pro-logal •ubiocti, and booklet, “Studyof Low and Proper Preparation" oddroMi Edward T Leo Dean
COURSES
(40 weeks peryear) AFTERNOON 3H years. 5 days...
4i30-6i30
EVENINO-4 years I Mpn., Wed., Fri., I 6t30-9i20 I POST-GRADUATE I 1year..twlceaweek i Practice courses ex- j clus!vely.(Eventngs) Tvro years' college work required for entrance. Courses lead to degrees. New classes form in Sept, and Feb.
Kennedy Smith, ME ’40. 315 Plymouth Ct., Chicago, 111.
ARC
-LAST DAY-
. A Columbia Picturo —ALSO— “RADIO PATROL” No. 7
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
HOW’S THIS . . . . . . for typical Purdue? This is how it was told to us: It seems that Mary Ritter came up here to school just to be near Bill Ourand, and Jane Ourand tagged along to be around both of them—or maybe to ju^t get arptind—at any rate all the trio has done since they have gotten together is fight. NOW MARY . . . . . . has taken another boy’s pin, so Bill goes out to drown his sorrows the other night, as only Bill Ourand can. Jane is still around incidentally. TO THE MOTHERS . . . Take your blondes, brunettes, and red-heads, Or any you’ll find of another, But please remember that I said, “A boy’s best friend is his Mother.” WE WOULD LIKE TO SEE . . . ... a hammock placed under the clock-tower . . . It’s the next thing to impossible to accomplish anything on those cold stones—or don’t you agree with us ? WE DEDICATE ... “Little Red Farm in Indiana” to the co-eds. “Wabash Blues” for the finals. “Beat it Out” to the Gimlets. Purdie Ridisii Club To Give Exhibition Sunday At 2 O'clock Purdue Riding Club members will present an exhibition of horseback riding Sunday at 2 p. m. on Stuart Field. The program will include a mounted drill by a group of club members, classes in seat and hands for men and women, trick riding by Mary Mather and Max Bonham, games on horseback, and a jumping exhibition by Bonham. The exhibition, entitled “Gymkhana” by the Club, will be the first of its kind to be presented -on the campus. This will also be the first public showing of activities by the Riding Club, which was organized last fall as one of the Union activities. A sound truck will be used to announce and explain the events, and the program will be accompanied by band music. The program will last approximately two hours. Tieman To Discuss Recent Physics Trends Tonight Recent trends in physics will be the topic for an open discussion which will be held in the lecture room of the Physics Building tonight at 8 o’clock. W. W. Tieman, Sc. ’38, will open the discussion with a non-mathematical review of the more important developments in Physics. Tieman’s talk will be followed by an open forum. Prof. R. B. Abbott, of the physics department, said last night, “This discussion should prove of interest to all undergraduates, as well as graduates and faculty members.”
“Yep—government’s payin’ me $200 to cut down on my wheat and my kid’s payin’ me 60c to cut out my spinach crop.”
collegiate
The University of Utah has opened a sour-dough college. It’s a new night school class for those who would be prospectors in the state’s metal-ridden hills, and it’s attended by 200 businessmen, professional men—and a few prospectors of the old school. Students of the class are asked to purchase a small prospecting kit, including acids and tools necessary to detect “pay dirt.”
“There is not room in tomorrow’s America for 745 colleges and universities of the standard American brands, comprised today chiefly of liberal arts, agriculture, and technical institutions. The liberal arts college, far in the majority today, will continue to have its place in education, but not ever in its present over-expanded form.” Columbia University’s Prof. Walter B. Pitkin believes that a change in life should begin right away for our institutions of higher learning.
The Santa Rosa Junior College believes that it is the only college in the world that owns a gold mine. It was bought for the college recently at a tax sale for $2.85 by Jesse Peter, the institution’s geological curator, and will be ‘worked’ by students studying mining. There’s no gold in the mine, so students will have no get-rich-quick incentive to study.
Democratic principles in the U. S. can be saved only by the immediate and drastic revision of the organization and instruction in American universities. This is the prediction of Dr. Robert Gordon Sproul, president of the University of California, who maintains that “our educational institu-
tions today are pioneering in a very strange and unfamiliar world, and the old charts are no longer altogether reliable guides.” Continuing, Dr. Sproul said, “The present problem is the continual adjustment of our institutions to the needs of a new age. But even the changes that may be made now to meet the needs of our constantly changing national life are no assurance that additional needs will not have to be met later. “In every great transition period, the teachers of men have tried to face squarely the problem of what people needed to know and to do to live happily in the environment of their time and place.”
LUMA
LAST DAY—
THURS. — FRI. — SAT. WILLIAM BOYD IN “HEART OF ARIZONA” —AND— EDITH FELLOWS IN ‘LITTLE MISS ROUGHNECK”
—LAST DAY-
<zSa'm4i^£ Gi^Y COOPER ’"Adventures jilarco l^lo — Tomorrow — Friday - PAT O’BRIEN KAY FRANCIS IN “WOMEN ARE LIKE THAT”
TODAY 2 Features
—PLUS— ALLAN LANE HEATHER ANGEL IN ^ THE DUKE COMES BACK Starts TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
HESTER MORRIS SHIRLEY EOUARDO CIANNELU WALTER ABEL —AND— TELEPHONE OPERATOR WITH JUDITH ALLEN- ‘'4’“ J
-J..
Wednesday, May 11, 1938
THE PURDUE
Sp&dA.
EXPOKEHt
Diamond Team Faces Butler University Nine Here Today
Seek Revenge For Previous Defeat At Indianapolis; Johnson To Pitch
Purdue’s Coach, “Dutch” Fehring, plans to start Marty Johnson on the mound with Howie McAfee behind the plate. Johnson a senior has pitched only one game this season, but in that one tilt, with St. Joseph, he worked the last five innings without yielding a hit. The Butler battery probably will be Steiner on the mound with Wilson
catching.
Bredewater May Work “Dutch” may use Arnold Bredewater for a few innings as a tuneup for this week-end’s games. The Boilermakers will travel to Bloomington for encounters with Indiana Friday and Saturday. The outcome of these two tilts may determine the conference champions.
Intramurals
FRESHMAN TENNIS
Today—4:15 Darrow vs. Goers. R. Anderson vs. Thompson. G. J. Frey vs. Brinduse.
FRATERNITY TENNIS SINGLES Today—4:15 Sigma Nu vs. Triangle.
ALL-CAMPUS GOLF —Today—
The Big Ten
standings to
date
Hoffer vs. Lehr. Winn vs. O’Connor.
are:
Won
Lost
Pet.
Butler vs. Gustainis. McKenzie vs. Campbell.
PURDUE
4
1
.800
Pauken vs. Evers.
Indiana
4
1
.800
Wisconsin
4
2
.667
Reamer,,,
Ohio State
4
2
.667
. . . athletic honorary for independ-
Chicago
2
1
.667
ent men, elected the following of-
Iowa
2
1
.667
ficers Monday: president, R. H.
Illinois
2
3
.400
Jacks, P ’39, Monticello; vice-presi-
Mipnesota
1
4
.200
dent, W. D. Lahey, Ch ’39, South Bend; treasurer, R. D. Maby, Ag ’39,
Michigan
1
5
.167
Akron; and sergeant-at-arms, S.
Northwestern ...
1
5
.167
Bacharach, EE ’39, New York, N.Y.
UM,.. Eiij@| ll@€®rds Thru Yuur Radio
•fetaiujyf/uii
Attfached easily, quickly List Price $I4.S5I
m
McLean Music Co. Main Street
s Not Worth That
Much —
But
It's Worth More Than 50c
Subscribe Today Summer Session Edition
Purdue Exponent
P.S.
Mailed Anywhere
Verink Wins Track Meet For Cary Hall North
Takes 34 Out Of 45 Possible Points
fielcier’s choice
League Standings
NATIONAL LEAGUE Won Lost
“Dutch” Fehring certainly is well-pleased with the performance of his baseball team so far . . . The boys have won more Big Ten games already than they won in the last two seasons put together ... In the Monday encounter at DePauw the boys came through fine, especially in the pinches. —^fc— That eleventh inning squeeze play was a close one . . . The bases were loaded, and Thompson was up with the count three and one, so of course Cooper, DePauw pitcher, had to put the next one in or walk a run home . . . The DePauw catcher was very anxious to catch the next one, so when it started to come in he stepped up and unintentionally gave Thompson the shoulder. —^fc— According to “Dutch,” it was almost a miracle that Thompson was able to hit the ball, but hit it he did for a nice rolling bunt . . . Stamm on third, and Mackiewicz on second started for home with the windup and crossed the plate almost together . . . —^fc— DePauw had plenty of chances to win the ball game . . . Notable among these was one in the ninth, when they loaded the bases with but one out . . . They resorted to the squeeze, but it didn’t work for them, as the man going home was caught on a nice play from Warner to Krause. —^fc— According to yesterday’s Indianapolis Star, DePauw is planning on protesting the game on the grounds of an eleventh inning mixup . . . With one out and nobody on, Bailey, center fielder, batted out of turn and struck out . . . Before the first ball was pitched to Bavasi, next man up, Fehring called the ump’s attention to the fact that Cooper should have batted before Bailey. —fc— Accoi'ding to the rule book, a man who does not bat in turn is out if the fact is called to the umpire’s attention before the first ball is thrown to the next man up . . . DePauw claims that Bailey’s strikeout shouldn’t count. —^fc— The rule book refers only to the man batting out of turn . . . This would seem to indicate that regular procedure is to be followed in regard to the next man up . . , Otherwise, some mention would be made of them. —fc— Fehring isn’t worried a bit about the affair . . . “They haven’t a leg to stand on, as far as I can see,” was his comment yesterday . . . “Dutch” is evidently right, too, as he has the score book and the rule
New York 17 Chicago 13 Pittsburgh 11 Cincinnati 11 Boston 7 St. Louis 8 Brooklyn 8 Philadelphia 4 Yesterday’s Results
New York, 5; Chicago, 1. Cincinnati, 7; Philadelphia, 3 Brooklyn, 10; St. Louis, 2. Pittsburgh-Boston (rain).
3 8 9
11
9
11 13 15
Pet. .860 .619 .550 .500 .438 .421 .381 .211
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
Washington ....
15
7
.682
Cleveland
13
7
.650
New York
13
7
.660
Boston
12
8
.600
Chicago
7
10
.412
Detroit
7
11
.389
Philadelphia ....
6
12
.333
St. Louis
5
16
.238
Yesterday’s Results Washington, 8; St. Louis, 6. Other games called, rain.
Swimmers To Vie In kmm\ 2y2‘Mile River Race Nay 23
book to back him up ... It almost looks as if DePauw is trying to work in a slight case of sour grapes . . . With two out, nobody on, and the tail of the batting order coming up, their chances of overcoming a two run lead would have been very very slight indeed. —J. S. B.
You'll Like It Too
• Keep Posted on Campus Events all summer for 50c.
Summer Session Editions of the
Purdue Exponent
To Contribute All Of Winner's Tallies
Taking first place honors by a wide margin, Cary Hall North won the ward track meet in the Stadium yesterday afternoon with a total of 34 points. L, C. Verink, high point man of the meet, scored the entire number of points for the winners. Thirteen points behind with a total of 21 points, came Ward 1, and three points behind them was Ward 7 with 18 points. -i——1^—— In taking high point honors Ver-
Nothing Bothers Mary^ Office Aide Of ‘Chief Clevett
From Lincoln Lodge to the Brown Street Bridge! Once again the old Wabash beckons and challenges those who think they may swim the two and one-half miles of the annual river swim in record time. On May 23 the contestants for the sixteenth annual race will start from a point near Lincoln Lodge at 4:15 p. m. and splash their way downstream. The swimmers will be followed by eight boats which will be ready to come to the assistance of any floundering swimmer. Last year John Graham, freshman engineer, swam the distance in record time to win the cup. He covered the distance in 22 minutes and 55 seconds, cutting 59 seconds off the former record set by Max Loutenback in 1933. Graham has not decided yet whether he will defend his title or not. First Five Receive Medals Five men will be rewarded with medals at the close of the race this year. Two gold medals will be presented the first two men to cross the finish line, silver medals will be given the next two, and a bronze medal will be the award for the entrant to finish in fifth place.
Rolfe Jenkins ^ “What do I owe my good disposition to?” repeated Mary Leadbetter yesterday afternoon when questioned while at work in the intramural office. “Why,” she laughed, “to my intramural managers.” “Aw, Mary,” one of the loafing managers kidded. But it seems to be a fact. Rain or shine, Mary, who has been working in “Chief” Clevett’s office for four years, has a pleasant manner, and has refused to be undone by the sometimes glaring errors of her intramural managers. Formerly Worked In Gym Up until the time the Fieldhouse was opened Mary’s headquarters were confined to the southeast corner of the intramural office in the Memorial Gymnasium. Even then, she was happy because things were so handy. All she had to do was twist her swivel chair in one direction or the other to accomplish all the things required of her position. When the department moved into the Fieldhouse, Mary still felt perfectly at home. She expanded the woi’king area of the intramural managers and filled the larger space with former crowded cabinets, files, desks and other office necessities. When asked who caused her the most trouble since she took up her comparatively new position, she replied quickly, “Nobody!” She Keeps Busy She buzzes around the office keeping records, typing, figuring out schedules for intramural sports and dictating orders to the man-
ink entered 9 events and made a total of 34 out of a possible 45 points. He took firsts in the 100 yard dash, 220 yard dash, 220 yard low hurdles, high jump, broad jump, and discus. He won a second and a fourth, respectively, in the shot put and javelin throw. Ward Positions Following Ward 7 in third place was Ward 12 in fourth with 14 tallies, Wkrd 17-X and^ard 14 finished fifth and sixth with 11 points each. Ward 11 was seventh with 10 points and Ward 6 was eighth with nine points. AU but two of the 17 wards participated in the meet. Second high scorer of the’ meet was W. B. Kinyon with 12 points. L. K. Swing with 11 points won the third place individual honors. All men who participated in the meet and earned a total of five or more points will be given a gold medal with a trophy going to Verink for taking high point honors. Medal Wiimers The men who won medals were Verink, Kinyon, Swing, J. Brooks, C. B. Michael, J. R. Bachman, L. C. Schlater, L. C. Spencer, A. J. Golden, J. E. Douglas, J. E. Wethecall, G. M. Adams, R. L. Hibbs, and R. C. Plant.
BASEBALL —Today— Diamond 5— ^Theta Xi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 6— Sigma Nu vs. Triangle.
agers. Through aU this, she can lay her finger on any bit of information desired at a moment’s notice. When intercepted in one of her frequent trips across the office and asked, “Do you like it here?” she answered enthusiastically, “Sure, swell!”
332 Main St.
Lafayette, Ind.
-.f 4,
•I
\
I'
hiI
IPI
wmmmm
iiV‘ f"
When You Break Window Glass Call us for prompt and efficient replacement. We also carry a full line of PITTSBURGH PAINTS and a complete new stock of WaU Papers. Huneck's Glass & Paint Co.
826 Main
Phone 3841
ttaaadi (Ujl
THE PUBD0E EXPOMOIT
OtoikaA.
Wedneadoy. May Ih 1^38
12 Girls Arrange Inspection Trip Twelve? home economics students who are majorinij in clothing and textiles are leaving early tomorrow morning for Chicago on an inspection tiip They Mill be accompanied by Miss Philcna Palmer. Their itineiary will include visits to Mai shall Fields to see the fui, lug, funiiture. yaid goods, ready-to-vear, and miliiieiy departments. They also plan to visit the testing laboiatones, and obseive the receiving and sending mechanics of Sears and Roebuck. They will go to Eisenberg and Sons, di essmakers, and to various show rooms in the Merchandise Mart. Intel views have been ai ranged with the personnel departments of Caison, Pnie Scott, Mandel Brothel s, The Fair, Marshall Field and and Company, and \Vith Sears Roebuck Retail Store Saturday moining. Students making the tup aieRuth J. Carr, Margaret Douglas, Maiian Groves, Esther Holman, Mary Gene Jairett, Lyda Lyon, Martha Grace Mytingei, Martha Noiman, Maijoiie Pooi, Evelyn Ruth, Jean Small, and Emily Wise. Riveter Trackmen Meet Marquette Here This Week-End Purdue’s tiack squad will make its only home appearance of the season this Saturday afternoon when it meets Marquette in Ross-Ade stadium. The meet is being run in conjunction with the local high school sectional meet. Although the Marquette runners lule as favorites to win, the Boilermakers after their gratifying showing in last Saturday’s quadrangular meet, plan to give the Hilltoppers plenty of competition. The hurdles promise to be outstanding among the feature events of the meet. Purdue’s Bob Lemen and Marquette’s Bob Shurilla should put up a good fight in the low sticks, and in the highs these two and Steve Gutting will probably be out in front. Among the nationally known stars the Hilltoppers plan to bring here will be Eddie Burke, negro high jumper. Burke was national indoor champion and world record-holder in 1936-37. His top height in his specialty is 6 feet 9 1-4 inches.
Personnel Notes Company: Eli Lilly and Company. Representative: E. H. Adriance. Visiting Purdue: Thursday, May 19. Intel viewing: Senior science students and chemical engineers. He offers no definite openings, however he is interested in talking to a limited numbei of seniors. Those interested please sign up in Dr. Bi'ay’s 01 Dean Enders’ office.
Company: Consolidated Ashcroft Hancock Divisions, Manning, Maxwell and Moore, Ipc., Bridgeport, Conn. Correspondent: C. H. Graesser, vice-president, would like the names of ME seniors paiticularly adapted to leseaich work on pressure gauges, safety valves, injectors, and allied equipment. Those interested sign up in Piofessoi Young’s office.
27 Faculty Men Enter Inter-Department Golf Six University teaching departments will be represented in the faculty inter-department golf tournament which will be played at the West Lafayette golf course. The touiney begins today and ends May 21. The physical education depaiYment has the largest number of contestants entered with seven on the list. Six pharmacy instructors, five members of the history and economics staff, four from the mechanical engineering school, three from the chemistry department, and two from the agricultural engineering school are entered to make a total of 27 golfers. Each contestant will play 18 holes with an opponent who will participate in the tournament. Team scores will be the sum of the three lowest scores turned in by each of the schools. The two best teams will then play a match for the championship.
Company: Louisville Gas and Electric Company, Louisville, Ky. Correspondent: George M. Millei, superintendent of electric distribution and constiuction. Intelested in: EE and ME senioi s wanting powei operation and construction work. Field construction will be the immediate type of employment and requiies men in excellent physical condition. Those interested, sign up in Professor G. A. Young’s 01 Harding’s office.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOR RENT—Large, comfortable rooms, continuous hot water. One block from campus. $7.50 per month 108 Waldron. Phones 41852.
—Today— 11:00—American Institutions, by Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks. 12:15—Sports Review, Bob Heine. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Market and Weather Reports. 1:00—Meditations, Rev. Marion Nollen. 1:15—“I Want a Job.” 1:30—The Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Wanita Wilson, soprano. 2:00—Melody Time. 2:15—This Week in Literature, A. P. Rolfs. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—Hymn Echoes, Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 3:00—The Home Decorator. 3:15—The American Scene. 3:30—Music with the Masters. 4:00—Baseball—Butler vs. Purdue. 5:00—Sign Off.
The U. S. Civil Service Commission announces competitive examinations to fill 50 vacancies (10 men, 40 women) at St. Elizabeth’s Hospital School of Nursing, Washington, D. C. Those appointed will enroll on Sept. 15, 1938, for a three yeai training course. Salary, $288 per year; quarters, board, laundry, and medical attention furnished. Students completing the course will be eligible for promotion to position as nurse; salary $1,620 per year. Applications are available at the Lafayette Post Office. They must be filed not later than May 23. Mothers' Association Elects New Officers Following the Mothers’ Day luncheon in the Memorial Union Building ballroom Saturday, the Executive Board of the Purdue Mothers’ Association elected Mrs. Robert Phillips chairman of the organization. Mrs. Howard L. Dean was selected as secretary, and Mrs. Lynn Miller, of Lafayette, and Mrs. W. Henry Robert, of Indianapolis, were chosen as new members. Dean Mary L. Matthews is faculty adviser of the committee, which is in charge of all Mothers^ Day arrangements and holds open house for the mothers visiting the campus on Dads’ Day.
LOST—Black and pearl laminated Scheaffer pencil. Reward. Call 7026. L. J. Barley.
LOST — Dark blue, checkered mackinaw. Liberal reward. Telephone “Hack” 2532.
FOR SALE—King Vol-True tenor sax. Excellent condition. Call Smith 3301.
WANTED — Thesis typing. Call 56772 after 5 o’clock.
FOR RENT—Rooms and apartments for summer students, ground floor, reasonable. Phone: 56751.
FOR RENT — Very desh-able, three large, lower front rooms. Newly decorated. Furnished for light housekeeping. Prefer to rent to students or employed couple. Utilities furnished. 515 North 7th.
FOR SALE—Underwood Portable typewriter, complete, excellent condition. Used very little. Call Mitchell 66014.
SOMEBODY—Please exchange a brown raincoat taken corps day for own at Armory office.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a CoUege Educxitton H.G.REISNER SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student • Beauty Studio • EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fn KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
Locksmith
LAWN MOWERS NEW—USEI>—SHARPENED New Mowers 6i.50 and up. Delivery service on Mowers. MULHAUPTS Phons 2828-209-11 N. Sth St
• Dress Shop
VAL-U-DRESS SHOP 430 E. MAIN
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic
OK. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DK. LUTHER A. RISK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
University Notices No NotlcM Accepted After S p. nu
LOST—Brown Suede jacket, with name inside. Call B. MeWorkman 75913. Reward.
Exponent Workers: Interviews concerning elections will be continued after 7 o’clock Wednesday night, May 11, at the Lafayette office. See bulletin board at either the Union office or Lafayette office for important notice concering petitions. —MANION. WSGA Counseling Interviews: The fol- ► lowing people report to WSGA office at 4 o’clock, Wednesday, May 11: B. House, A. Kneer, M. Smith, K. Thrasher, R. Williams, B Rector, H. Tugaudis, M. Fruek, J. Winklepleck, A. Boas. 4 :15—1. Wolfe, J. Bodon, S. Shewalter, C. Cook, M. Wetzel, H. Steffee, L. Daniels, M. Moorehead, M. Yeager, S. McKee. 4:30—R. Ince, R. Arbuckle, L. Narnelstein, E. Cohen, M. Van Wanbule, M. Kemmer, D. Stern, J. Davidson, E. Robertson, and B. Ainsworth. 5:00~B. Masters, G. Roe, B. McCool, P. Hamilton, R. Gossard, H. Wurtenberger, B Soehner, M. Baker, N. Misner, M. Ide. 5:16—M. Johnson, G. Elliott, C. Lemon, M. Rogers, R. Glund, C. Singer, R Dunn, M Ohmann, M Ellis, L. Beggs. —SEXTON, HUBER.
Union office between 3 and 5 p. m. May 11. —PAARLBBRG.
Lafayette Philatelic Society: Meeting on Wednesday, May 11, in room C of the Meihorial Union Building. , —MILLER
Zouaves; Meet Wednesday, May 11 at I :30 in the Armory —HANNAS. Flying Club: Joint meeting with Glidei Club in tower room of the Union, May 11 at 7 :30 p. m Ship payments are due. —SKINNER. Purdue Engineer; Meeting of the senior staft Wednesday, May 11, at 7 p. m. in the Engineer office —TAYLOR. Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting Wednesday, May 11, in room B of the Union Building at 7 p m —WELLS. University Orchestra: Conceit Wednesdav, May 11, at 7'45 p m in the Union Building Dark suits and dresses -PHILLIPS Gold Peppers: New members meet at 1 II m Wednesday. May 11, in loom B of the Union Building Bring dues - SLOCUM Silver Mask: Impoitant meeting Wednesday. May 11 at 8 p m in room D oi the Union Building All members please be piesent for election of officers —MATTHEWS Scabbard and Blade: Foimal meeting at 6-15 p m Thursday, May 12, preceding inspection banquet in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building —BAALS Sophomore Union Workers: All petitions for vice president must be turned in at the Student Union office by 4 p. m Wednesday, Mav 11 —PUTZE. Cadet Officers’ Luncheon Committee: Turn in inspection banquet tickets to Colonel Pickering by noon Wednesday, May 11 —BEHRENDS Newman Club; Picnic May 15 at Turkey Run. Members who have not signed up to go call me at 2501 before May 13. —DIDIER.
WAA Baseball Class: Practice will be held Wednesday, May 11 at 4:00. Girls wishing to participate in class tournament must have at least two practices. Championship intramural game will be played Wednesday at 4 o’clock. —MAIER. YWCA Advisory Board: Dinner will be held at home of Mrs, Chandler May 11, at 6 p. m. Cabinet members may meet at 5:30 in YWCA office. —KLEIN. Stage-Stump-Studio Banqueteefs: Those leceiving invitations to the banquet may obtain tickets from H, Kenn Carmichael upon presentation of their invitations and 66 cents. (5-13) —McKEE. Alpha Lambda Delta: Compulsory meeting for pledges May 12 in room A of the Union Building at 7 :16. Actives please be present also. V —MOUNCE Sigma Delta Chi: Important meeting at at 9 p. m. Thursday, May 12, in Union Exponent office to decide on spring pledging. —FORSTER.
WAA Numerals: Any girl who has been awarded numerals for WAA class teams, may purchase chenille numerals if she wish. If any one is interested, call 2386 and make arrangements with me before Wednesday, May 11, to pay for them. —CHRISTENSON.
Airport Dance Committee: Please meet at 7:16 in tower room of the Union, Wednesday, May 11 , —MORGAN. Glider Club: Joint meeting with Flying Club at 7 :30, Wednesday, May 11, in tower loom of Union. All members please be present. —MOORE. Catalyst Pledges: Initiation ree must be paid on or before Wednesday, May 11. —PETRY.
Flying Club: Joint meeting with Glider Club at 7:30 p. m. in tower room of the Union Wednesday, May 11. —DOSTAL.
Basic Students: 76 tickets have been reserved for the Military Inspection Banquet. Tickets can be obtained from Captain Hayford’s office or from any member of the luncheon committee for one dollar. (5-12) —PICKERING.
ME 62: Makeup for absences for all tests of this semester will be given Saturday, May 28, from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 308 of ME Building. —BOLZ.
Agronomy Group To Hold Picnic Saturday Agronomy stqdents and instructors, as well as extension and research men in agronomy, will go to the University soils and crops farm east of Lafayette city limits Saturday for the annual agronomy picnic. According to Prof. J. H. Lefforge, who is in charge of arrangements, the group will leave Agriculture Hall at 1 o’clock Saturday afternoon. Tiansportation will be provided for all who care to attend and the picnic is open to anyone interested in agronomy. In addition to a program of inspection of crops under cultivation at the farm, a wide variety of student-faculty contests are arranged. The group plans to return by 6:30 Saturday evening. Schantz-Hansen Receives » Scholarship At Harvard Prof. Laurentza Schantz-Hansen, head of the applied design department, was awarded recently a Carnegie scholarship at Harvard University for the summer session. Prof. Schantz-Hansen did special work in fine arts at Harvard in the summer of 1936 through a Carnegie grant. This year the scholarship was given to her without application by the University. She will again do advanced study in the fine arts depaitment, and will try to emphasize the history and appreciation of art.
the bulletin board in Smith Hall on or before Saturday, May 14. —MYERS.
WAA Archery: Practice for the tournament will be held every evening at 4 o’clock. Thursday, May 12, there will be a mixed shoot on the regular range. —BALCOM.
Catalysts and Pledges: Initiation dinner will be held Wednesday, May 11, at the Phi Kappa Psi house. Meet at the house at 6 :46 p. m. —BOWMAN.
Scrivener: All pledges must repott to the
Dairy Club: All students who plan to attend the annual dairy picnic sign up at
Debris Salesmen: Salesmen desiring to attend Debris banquet at Fowler Hotel must sign up in Debris office before 6 p. m. on Wednesday, May 11. —SIEBENTHAL.
NO SUMMER SCHOOL
ever was uneventful. Many of your fellow students will be seen in Bold and Black—may be even your room mate, or that certain coed. Yes, Campus Actiivties will continue in full swing — and many others are planned. Know when to come to the Campus and get in on the dances and other good times. If you can't be here in person, do the next best by yourself . . . order the SUMMER SESSION EXPONENT delivered to your door. Fifty cents for the entire summer mailed anywhere. Deac, Southworth's or the Union Desk will gladly help you with this matter.
Summer Session Edition
the PURDUE EXPONENT