/J
*"4
Today's the day! Better Check your Registration Place. \ Volume 52, No. 32
i»‘r>
Purdue Exponent Z-186
West Lafayette, Indiana
Weatlier Porecaef: Petr Wednesday and Thvrt* day; warmer Thursday. Wednesday, October 16, 1940
Students, Faculty Register Today For Conscription
Rockwell Kent, Artist of Modern School, Discusses Contrasts Between Classical, % Popular Art At Second Convo Of Year “We phould not abandon art as seen in WPA projects for threats from over seas,” stated Rockwell Kent, noted artist,^ speaking last night to a crowd of about thirty-five hundred students and faculty in the Music Hall at the second regular convoation of the school year.
Stating that the WPA art program should not be jettisioned in favor of national defense, Kent said that we are putting culture aside in favor of defense. The WPA program, he said has made the masses patrons of art, thus making the working man art conscious. As a result, American painting, in the last few years, has developed along American instead of European ideas. Depression Changes Art Prior to the depression the iCrtist was supported by the wealthy and painted art as the rich man expected it. With the coming of the depression, this financial support was withdrawn and the painter became a laborer like millions pf other Americans. Supported by the government on WPA for the first time he demonstrated the differences between the old art and the new. He took a painting of a farm by Eembrandt and compared it with a modern American one. Although both had clear well defined outlines, the American picture showed strong and eager workmen plowing. It seemed to have a virile, living quality that the other lacked. Art Appreciation Kent discussed at length the appreciation of art by the average person. He stated that to appreciate art it should be observed, then criticisms should be read. After that the person can decide for himselfwhat he thinks of the painting. He emphasized that every person will not appreciate the same pictures. However, Kent said, he should get copied of those he'does enjoy'and study them to get the artist’s real meaning. j.f.a. 150 Couples . . . danced to the recoided music of all the ‘name’ bands at the Union tea dance in the north ballroom yesterday afternoon fiom 4 to 5:30 p. m.
Two Speech Contests Open To Freshmen Co-eds To Compete Beveridge Contest For Lodde Laying vifill Open Tomorrow
Cup November 5
Freshmen co-ed speakers will vie for the Lodde loving cup in* the annual speech contest for freshmen women to be held in the auditorium of the Home Economics building on Tuesday, November 6. Gene Ppchin and Marilyn McKnight, senior coed debate managers, are in charge of the contest, and will be assisted by the sophomore co-ed debate managers. Ten Minute Speeches Plans have not been completed as yet, but the contest will be conducted as in past years. The debate managers will offer a list of suggested topics, but each speaker may choose her oWHSUbject for a ten= minute speech. Members of the speech department will act as the judges. Winner Gets Cup Preliminaries will be held in University Hall sometime before November 5, then thpse who are not eliminated, usually six, will compete in the finals. The sorority whose representative receives the highest number of points will receive the loving cup, presented by H. B. Lodde, of the Lodde Jewelry Company, Lafayette.
Quit Shovin'
How, Where, When-
University Student Severely Injured In Auto Accident Eobert Bedwell, CE ’42, of the Kneale Co-op House, was injured in an auto accident early yesterday afternoon, when a car driven by Virginia Eoyce, HE ’41, collided with his bicycle, throwing him to the ground twenty-five feet away. Dr. S. J. Miller, of the University Student Health Service, took Bedwell, who was severely injured, to the Home hospital. , Bedwell suffered two broken bones in his ankle, and three broken ribs. He will remain in the hospital for at leapt two weeks. Ha is getting along nicely, the hospital officials^ announced last night. j.f.z. ASME Will Show Movie At Monthly Meet Tonight American Society of Mechanical Engineers will hold its monthly meeting tomorrow night at 7:30 in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. The program for the evening will b^ a sound motion picture by the Crane Valve Company on the “Flow of Fluids in Pipes.” A.S.M.E. charms and pins will be distributed at the meeting, j.r.g. I Tickets Distribution of tickets for preferential seating by classes at the Wisconsin Homecoming game will be completed today and tomorrow when the freshmen exchange the coupons in their passports for tickets at the fieldhouse. r.r.r. '
University freshmen interested in speaking have the opportunity to enter the Beveridge Speaking Contest sponsored by the Forensic BAard. The first roUjnd of the contest will be held in room 301 of University Hall tomorrow at 4 o’clodk. Through the generosity of the Hayes Jewelry Company of Lafayette, the winner of the first place in the contest will receive permanent possession of the Hayes trophy. Each year the organization, whose representatives win the most points, is awarded the Ankeny Cup for one year. When the tyophy is won by the same organization three times the cup becomes the permanent possession of that organization. This is the thirteenth year of the contest and the organizations which have won the Ankeny trophy are: Delta Tau Delta, Sigma Chi, Theta Xi, Sigma Nu, Si^ma Phi. Epsilon, Phi Gamma Delta, PIA, Cwy Club, and Tau Epsilon Phi. Uary Club has won the trophy twice. The speeches are to be five minutes long ai)d to be on current problems and questions of national interest. The finals will be held Tuesday, October 22, in the Home Economics Auditorium at 7:30 p. m.
j-r.g.
‘Chee!—^You know dis is de foist time anybody ever called us ‘eligible males’!”
three Medals Given Sophomore Students At Review Yesterday Military awards, given by the Chicago Tribune for excellence in the first year basic course, | were presented yesterday by Piesident E. C. Elliott at the corps day formation. The awards were made on the basis of the relative standings at the end of the freshman course. Jackso^ Gets Gold Medal The recipient of a gold medal was Cadet Master-Sergeant A. L. Jackson of Evanston, Illinois. Cadet col-or-Sergeant D. L. Conger of Anderson, received a silver medal and Cadet Mastef-Sergeant E. A. Johnson of South Bend, a bronze award. Medals from the National Eifle association ,were presented to Cadet J. D. Brummett (class A) and to Cadets D, E. Faut, W. G. Yoder, E. W. Gebhart, and K. W. Kettenring (class B). The first year advance course students were in the corps day formation in a mechanized field artillery battalion. e.w.n. WBAA Seeks Hew Talent \ At Tomorrow's Audition \ Townspeople and students interested in radio work will have their opportunity to try some of it tomorrow at 5 p. m., when WBAA is holding talent auditions for anyone who would like to broadcast in musical or dramatic programs. Gilbert Williams, WBAA program director, will conduct the tryouts, which will be held in the station’s studios on the third floor of the Electrical Engineering Building. T^ose taking part in the auditions will be expected to have prepared selections, vocal ^or instrumental. All types of talent are welcome, and the auditions are open to everyone, m.k.b. Student Directovy Any student who has changed his address ^nce registration should call at the l^egistrar’s ofSc^ and report the neW address at oAce. Addresses in the men’s and women’s residence halls need not be reported since the managers have already furnished the information. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar.
Vet^jnarians Begin Thp Day Meeting Tl/is Morning At 9 Two hundred and fifty veterinarians are expected to attend the conference and lectures to be given on the campus today, tomorrow, and Friday. Registration will begin at 9 a.m. E. S. Weisner, extension poultry pathologist, Michigan State University, East Lansing, will be the principal speaker of the conference. He will discuss methods of disease prevention in poultry. A banquet will be given tomorrow at 6 p. m. in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union Building. Ward Giltner will talk on “Veterinarians in Public Health Activities” and F. R. Hall will speak on “Straws the Wind.” Friday, October 18, a special clinical demonstration will be given to complete the program of the conference. j.r.g. pIa Men's Chorus Announces Rehearsal, Eight New Singers First rehearsal for the complete men’s chorus of the PIA will be held Friday afternoon at 4:15 p. m. in room 305. There are twentyone members signed to date, but the chorus director wants at least four more singers. This musical organization is known on the campus for its rendition of light opera, sacred, popular music and sailor chanties. Last year these men sang for the National Independent Student Association convention. The cbdrus made an outstanding contribution to the AllCampus Sing last Spring. The members of the chorus that have not yet been announced in Exponent are: Bill Lester, Edward Thornburg, T. H. Curry, Wilmer Woodward, Leslie Stajlwood, John Pyle, S. G. Davis, and Bill Burroughs. The director is preparing the chorus for a public appearance before Christmas, e.w.n.
Expect Registration Of 2,000 In 14-Hour Period As a result of the passage of the Burke-Wadsworth ^elective Service Bill, local campus registration officials expect approximately two thousand students and faculty members to register today. ‘ That no one may misunderstand whether or not he is to register, we reprint from the October 2 issue of the Exponent. “ ... if you are a man between the ages of 21 and 35, inclusive, and are not already a member of some branch of Uncle Sam’s armed service, you are required to register.” Therefore, if you are 21 years old today, you register. If you are 21 years old tomorrow, you do not Register. Likewise, if you
Agriculture students—Room 207 in Agricultural Hall. Chemical and metallurgical engineering students—Room 117 in the Chemical Metallurgical Engineering Building. Civil engineering students—Room 202 in the Civil Engineering Building. Electrical engneerng students—Room 254 in the Electrical Engineering Building. Mechanical engineering students—Room 203-C in the Mechanical Engineering Building. Pharmacy students—Room 310 in the Pharmacy Building. Science students—Room 111 in Stanley Coulter Hall. Physical Education students—Room 201 in the Field House Gymnasium. Graduate students—Room 101 in Heavilon Hall. Freshman engineers, special students, and all others not designated above— Personnel Office in the Executive Building. are 36 years old today, you do not register, however, if your 36th birthday is tomorrow, you will be required to register today. All locations selected for registration on the campus will be open from 7 a. m. to 6 p. m. Students who find it impossible to register at their respective registration places between these hours are directed to register in the Registrar’s office. Executive building, between the hours of 6 p. m. and 9 p. m. I* (Continued on page 4) Moving Day For G. Meikle Announces
Exponent! New Office Saturday The Purdue Exponent, University student daily, will move ^to its new offices in the sub-basement of the Union Saturday morning, and will hold “open-house’^ Sunday afternoon from 2 to 4 o’clock. Editor Donahue said yesterday that the public is invited to the “open-house” as “we’re very proud yOt our new quarters and we want everyone to come in and get acquainted with us and our new locution.”
Openings For Students In Advanced CAA G. Stanley Meikle, Airport Eyecutive stated yesterday that there are still several openings for students in the advanced flight training course. The reason the quota has not been filled is attributed to the recent ruling closing the ranks to freshmen and sophomores. Meikle stated that if the quota is not filled by Purdue students within the next few days it wiU be filled from other institutions. Those who are interested in the advanced course are asked to make application at once at Meikle’s ofiSce in the executive building. j.r.g.
ledrn To Rhumba At Saturday’s Mixer/ Bauman Will Teach As McIntyre Swings
By Robert Runnion ' When the mixer orchestra swings into the exciting strains of a rhumba, the bolder students venture out on the floor and have fun making amateur stabs ^t performing this famous Spanish dance. Other couples just hold hands and wish
they knew how.
Anyway, for many a long year now there has been a woeful dearth of really good rhomha^^wingsters^ on thef campus. Ba^t no more, for Saturday night’s mixer starts a new thing. Bob Bauman, Delta Upsilon, and his date are going to teach us how to do this dance. Bauman is a past master at the an’t. He has had charge of musical shows on the campus lately, includipg last year’s “Sweethearts” and the coming “Everything But On-
ions.”
Wayne McIntyre and his orchestra from Indiana State Teachers College will provide the musical
background for these lessons. Late last night it was ascertained that, if Bauman likes you, the lessons are free. Credit for the inspiration goes to Hal Knight, Union vice-presi-
dent in charge of the dance.
Eight Soph, Frosh Yell LjeadersCImen^ - Eight frosh and sophomore men have been chosen to assist junior yell leaders Johnnie GoH and Dick DeCarmo with this yesr’s yelling duties. The sophomores are Bruee Adams, Walter Lupke, and Bob Stonej the freshmen are Gil Ades, Gil Hunt, Art Olson. Duke Rey-
nolds, and Pete Schwab*
Only.six will serve gt amy one game, with head y^-leader JoW* < nie Zuck and tho three girl leaders mal»n^ s full squad of ten. rjwf,^PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday# October 16# 1940
If : -ii
1 i ' ^ fl i i*
ivi
J1 lii
today’s the day they give commissions away. Which reminds us again of the pitiful plight of one Elliott Roosevelt, now captain in the air corps. The poor boy decides to join the army and the first thing they do is play a dirty trick |)n him. By making him fa captain. '■.;*** The near riot this causes disturbs the lad somewhat, and he decides to turn in bis resignation. Which the big boys refuse to accept. yBe can’t win. ^ * * * ■ f ■ ■ ' ■ In the eyes of the “I want to be a captain club" members he is a quitter. And the Tribune sorta subtly implies: That it might be a publicity trick. All this makes us very thankful our name isn’t spelled Roosevelt, because we’ve figured out a system, and when we pull it there is sure to be an awful stink raised. , * We’re going to pull the old Mexican poll stunt. We get to registration first. Then when the real officials show up. We register them. ♦ * ■ Of course there is always the possibility that someone may have overheard our plan and will get there ahead of us. Which is bad. But not a catastrophe. We have an ace in the hole.
The Purdue Exponent Entered m second class matter at the post office in .Lar fayette. Indiana, tinder the act of Oongress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January £0, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the fe^lar academic year and weekly daring the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, znail sul^ scription $8.60. Editor-in-Chief...... . ....B. W.; Donahue Business Manager....^................ ,.....„...MerIe Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor.....,..!!.. J. H. • McKee Managing Editor.. ..J). K. Heiple Associate Editors; W. E. Heaton, M. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, S. M. Skallerup, J. Ih Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. St. Powers, G. G. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. E. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J, Sbadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. / RectenwMd. Co-ed Staff Editor .......... ....... :Betb Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor.._......_„_.... .J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaiin. ■ . ' , ' • ■ Phohes: Ediorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, . 420 Madison Ave., New York, Nt Y. Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Ruffner Asst. Night Ed.: AHanson
bay Editor: Miller Night Sports Ed.: Johnson
Sophomores: J. P. Zinski, J. F. Amos, E. W. Nordlinger, J. R. Galloway, R. R. Bunion, Mary Boyntoii, O. T. Clark, J. S. Keeler, D. W. Meir.
First we get them off guard by registering peacefully like everybody else. Then when the draft comes we claim exemption. Our scholastic index is not up to 3.5. And we’re ineligible for extra-curricular activities, -^kh
In Today's Mail
. . . came one of those anoymous notes that we ordinarily throw into the wastebasket. We get lots of , those and the writers invariably make a few caustiq remarks about our not printing the letters. This is obviously intended to arouse us to such a frenzy that we will print them just for spite. Unfortunately, this won’t work because we do not intend to print unsigned letters. If a writer for some reason does not want his name attached to a printed letter he should so inform us and we will honor his request but we must have signed letters before we will print them; But to return to today’s letter—we’ll have to put the writer straight about “emergencies” and “dirty politics.” He considerately enclosed an editorial clipped froiri the Chicago Tribune, under the title “Th6 Thoughts of the Sixteen Million.” The editorial concerned the use of the conscription bill as a political measure and points out that “The draft, for (which some sixteen million yOung Americans wiU register on October 16, was not recommended or required by military considerations.” Has he overlooked the testimony of General Marshal before the military affairs committee ? Has he overlooked the fact that the original bill was drawn up on the recommendations of the army chieftains ? Has he oveTlooked the fact the world may be turned topsy-turvy by,the outcome of the struggle in Europe? There may be no imminent danger of this country’s invasion by a foreign power but the chances of such an invasion will be considerably lessened by our preparedness fqr such an event. We must take into account our position in the event of the loss of Britain’s navy; we must allow for a Europe dominated by a powei; unfriendly to ourselves. 1 We cannot debate further whether conscription is necessary or not. It is a reality or will be withing a few days. Only time will tell us whether such a measure was necessary but we’d much rather be in the position of having been too cautious than not cautious enough. May we suggest that in the future the writer of today’s letter read some other perverter of news in addition to Colonel Robert McCormick’s “Yellow Dog.”
WBAA
WEDNESDAY' 11:00—Par East Problems and Contemporary Affairs — Mr. Gordon Enders 11:60—-Purdue Kews Flashes 12:00—Farm Pacts for Farm Folks 12:16—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Monitor Views the News I 1:00-^ust Relax 1:16—Afternoon Melodies 1:30—Meditations-—^Rev. H. C. Stolldorf 1:46—Market Reports 2:0&—Elizabeth Crump Enders 2 :16—June »Eller—pianiet 2:30—^The Bookman 2:46—^Hyinn Echoes 3:00—Petite Miisicale 3:30—Symphony Hall 4:30—Melody Maids 4:46—Story Book Hour Hoof And Horn Presents Double Feature Tonight Hoof and Horn, animal husbandry organization, announces the presentation of a double feature show this evening at 7:30,o’clock in the assembly room of the Horticulture Building. “Judging Percherons,” the first film, was produced by Charles Lsmn at Synnwood Farms, Carmel, Indiana, under thf direction of the animal husbandry staff. “Taking a Hitch in the Hog Belt” is the second picture. Everyone is invited and there is no admission charge, r.r.r.
Bold&Btack
Rush is going on again, which kind of puts the muzzle on us. Last year we let slip some juicy items about the Alpha Chi’s, with the result that the other six sororities got a few pledges too, and they, the Alpha Chi’s, didn’t apj^reciRte it. B&:B— Hear tell that Fuzzy, Marge Patrick, has a Kappa Sig pin. Informant did not make clear whether for keeps or merely to impress rdshees. -JB & B— Abie Williamson has been talking kind of loud lately. Result; Jim Orton is buying the candy for the Kappa’s, Dan Heiple is bujffng the cigars for the boys, and some other sucker, name unknown is buying the beer; if, attd when he ever gets Peg CRll to take his pin. The boys are also offering two to one odds with no takers. Among the brothers.) —B &B— While some of the boys bicker over pins, George Haniford, Bivoac Club j stepped off the deep end with a diamond, recently. Aforementioned stone now adorns the shapely hand of Francis Wallale. Local girl makes good. —B & B— Carroll Hayford, alias the Butterball, and formerly affiliated with the ag campus Pi Phi’sj has found a certain naval officer sort of engaging too, we understand. Carroll was Shanghied off to Honolulu a year ago, and now it looks as if she is joining the navy. —B & B^ That makes two in a year foi; Bob Adams, Debris junior. The first, a Cary product, is already married. A trip to the west coast cleared up one case of broken heartedness, maybe Janet Moorehouse and a trip to the Blazer can fix this one.
if:-
:^r
I have been receiving requests from men on campus for more fashions for men and less for the coeds. Therefore I am dedicating this coluhip to those bi$ handsome men on campus. I will, from now on, endeavor to give them as much news as possible about the/latest releases on men’s fashions. / ■ r—WTW— Have you heard or noticed? — trousers are short and jackets tire long. One junior says “The best thing about the shorter slacks is that they don’t wrinkle this Way, So now maybe you women won’t accuse us so fiuich 6f being untidy." Shorter trousers have made their first appearance on campus and a gradual increase in number is expected. ‘ —wTw^— When you men wear these evergrowing popular short fingertip jackets, do you ever think where the style originated ? The first short coat was worn by the men in the British Army and called “shortwarms.” Today’s styles are made in gabardine, corduroy, covert and camels-hair, with back or side vents, fly fronts and stitching around the bottom. •—^WTw— ■ Bob Mullett, Cary Hall flash, looks pretty keen in dark green striped slacks, a brown and white striped shirt with a rUst handcrocheted tie. With this outfit he wears saddle shoes and brown socks. Bob also has a collection of hand knitted sweaters. —wTw— Charlie Powell was joeing in a red and green plaid flannel shirt... George Palmer takes time out for
a coke in a long sleeved green knitted shirt . . . Tea dancin’: Bill Mil-* ler in bJ^owu tweed trousers combined* with a tan sweater vest . . . Chetney Jackson with his brown trousers rolled Ujp two cuff widths, in a deep tan sweater, and a fingertip flannel jacket in a lighter tan, topped by a crew haircut ... Lots of uniforms were in evidence. —wTw— More stuff: Shirts are being matched Up |with shorts of same, pattern . . . Sam Browne is the new brown shade for shoes. It is a steal from the military shoes vrorri by army men. If you don’t like it try Kourbon brown ... plaid coats are raging but stripes are expected to overcome them in the near future. . . . wide spaced stripes are coming to the fore in shirts . . . Cuff Link News: onyx cameo, knots in gold, bevels ih gold, and ‘ crystal with horses heads ... be original menrget yourself a musical beer mug and become known by the tune it plays. —wTw— Who is wearing the dirtiest pair of cords on campus ? Danny Heiple Claims to be lengths ahead of any other senior. Are the rest of you distinguished seniors going to let him keep the title of “dirtiest corded senior ? ” Let me hear of other men who feel that they are in the running. Hope I have helped and pleased you, men.
■ h'
TV
•r
:'f!
rt
Iry Given
... and his “music as you like it,” will help diners in the Union Cafeteria to relax over the noon meal, starting today. Given’s band follows Ready’s Campus Commanders who have been playing there since the series began last Friday, r.r.r.
—LAST TIMES TODAY—
-todaydouble FEATURE
THE ROAD BACK — PLUS 8ING CROSBY JOAN BLONOlLL MiscHA Auer BABY SANbY — IN—■ BAST SIDE OF HEAVEN
WAYNE MCrtRiaS VIRGINIA dale llllIANCOWNN.1 VniUAMFRAWlGY
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
CAGN^ sneridJI
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
-LAST TIMES TODAY— FRED MacMURRAY PATRICIA MORISON
in
NEW YORK'S MOST EXCLUSIVE HOTEL RESIDENCE FOR VOUNG WOMEN
College girls, and budding careerists find The Barbizoh Mode of Living stimulates greater achievement. Its socially correct address and environment, its cultural advantages are conducive to success. Home of college clubs. Daily recitals and lectures, music studios with Steinwav arands. sun dec^, terraces, squash courts and swimming pool. Convenient to business centets, fashionable shops, museums and theatres. 700 rooms each with a radio. TarUf. from $2.60 per day from $l2 pW Week
lORRJilHe RAYON SWISH TAFFETA
at a new low\ price
Bdr Cool Nights
$7.50
6224629 MAlh $ft. Lafayettb, Indw',;: '’( ''r
f', '•
,, ■'" ‘f*' B'' ‘ . "■'.’'. 'x"'^f-.
^l]
Wechtepdoy. October 10, 1940
POUDTIE EXPONENT
/
m
(> •
., w . ' I Inter-Fraternity Cross Country Race Today
lllusioas.
By Joseph PatPiok Dolan
Before the present season started for our football team, there was a concensus of opinion around the state that if Purdue cotild plug up the quarteback hole, or the blocking back position, Coach Mai Elward’s men would w;in at least onehalf of their games. Record or no record, Purdue’s quarterback position is filled mth just as good a blocking quarterback as Purdue has had in five years with, maybe,' the exception of Ted Hennis. —I.I— Bob Kersey, junior, has been Starting the ball games, and has been doing Voeman work oii ends and line-backers along with the hard running Petty. Down at Ohio State and up at Michigan State, Bob did a devastating job on ends,
and taking these ends out of a play is a job for a blocker who knows how to keep a viligant guard over his mates. , -I-I— 1 han’t help admire Bob because he’s played about every position on the team. As a freshman, he Was a darn good end and halfback, but in his spring practice taken in a green uniform he was shifted to (Quarterback. His versatile ability was again proven. He took to his new assignment like a duck to water. And it’s the toughest assignment on the squad, with the exception of playing guard on offense, but guards are usually heretofore guards—^not new ones. —l-I— Bob continues to improve, and his omniverous blocking is a sight to behold, especially when the majority of Purdue’s backs aren’t big enough to block. Bob ceases to look amateurish at his position, and if necessary, he can punt, pass, and carry the ball. He’s one of these jack-of-all-trades you seldom hear about, and the next time you see
Have You Forgotten Something?'
—and Could That Something Be Your * Subscription to the
PURDUE mwm
8 Issues—il.OO
^g^OKADBS
wUk Ute (cumu& COLLEGE OUTLINE SERIES HIGH MARKS ARE TOUR GOAL THIS SEMESTER . , . tbe best xades you ara capable of achlsviag ..'. then aow ts the time to gtito youtoelf with the toob that will insuie success. College Oulmtes aie designed for that «eiv plttpose>»>to make yowr courses' "islnk to" and "stick* — quickly, e^y, and without wasteful effort! . Stripped of details cuntbersoine to Mvtdw. they set tortb essentials j lln b^d lellel, thus permitting the reduction of excessive' and urt-i ontMn note-taking at fhe beginning of the course. Am youisell^ now with Lhe CoUpge Outltoes' you need and put them to work tmmedlately . j. doht Utoit until panic gripsj yea a iaw days before Uie toevttable etatoaf COIUGE COORSBS V <N NUTSHELL I
ANCIENT HISTORY (Due sooni fANCIENT, M^leval & Modem Mitt bacteriology. Ptto O Pmt. of . I BIOLOGY. General - BOTANY. General '' CHEMISTRY. First Year Cottccw . I OiEMISTRY, (^rtianle . . ..I CORPORATION FINANCE ... I GCONOMIO^. Principles of . . EDUCATION, History of ... . ENGLAND, History of . . ., EUROPE. Iti0d-ia48. HMOiV of EURDPE; 1845-1940. Histoiv of . geology. Prirtctolu of .... I GERMAN QRAh^^ , . S v! • . OIVERNM^. Amerlas* , , . lOuRffALfSM. Survey ii . . . i
LATIN AMERICA, Flistory ot . . literature, English, To Oryden . LITERATURE, English. Since Milton , MIDDLE aC^ loo-1500. History NA-TURAL, RESOURCES ot Uti. PHYSICS First year.College « » political SCIENCE . . . , PSYCHOLOGY. Educationat . . » PSYCHOLOGY General . . . SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS, OuHine* ICI0L<)GY, Principles of , . . ■ATISTICAL MEimoOS . . . STUDY, Best Methods of . . . UNITED ^ATES, To 1865, History UNITED STATES, Since 1865, History WORLD. SnM 1914, History of • - ZOOLOGY Cenaril . . , .i.,
HmiEEeCIl&SIJHPLY STORE
mm AWPaswy'titoMstii
SOti-iO STATE STREET m$T LAFAYETTE I,NO
(QllEGE OUTLinE SERIES
Purdue play watch this good looking kid knock ’em for a roll of Wabash hickorys when the enemy tries to lay a hand on Little Mike or' Speeding John. —I-I— And that Neff fellow still continues to look great. He'plays A1 Rossi’s position, and the two of
Bill Neff
them are definitely two different types of athletes. A1 is a - little faster, and a conscientious athlete. Neff’s great play on defense has put a “stop” sign at Purdue’s left tackle.
Coach W. Lambert Lists First Cut For Frosh Basketball Freshman boys out for basketball received their first cut yesterday. Coach Ward Lambert has narrowed the squad of originally 100 boys 'd(jWh to 67 on this first cut. By the end of the week the squad will again have been reduced to around 26 boj^s. Coach Lambert said that the final freshman team of from 16 to 20 men will not be decided upon imtil about the first of NoVembefr. Coach Lambert also announced that any person who was cut that didn’t feel he had received enough practice should see him on the practice floor. 57 Remaining The names of the men that survived the first cut are: McCratter. Langhner, Lawson, Ething, Greathouse, Menke, Miller, Zehring, Dickman, Brower, Parish, Hipp, Taylor, Rewitz, Douglas, Friend, Seagrave, Shelby, Grove, Victor, Swartz, Warwick, Douglas, Grace, Waldron, Rule, Hites, Wright, Anderson, Wooden, Pearcy, Stinchfield, Grear, Lake; Kohlenbeck, Banldorf, Lentz, Hostettler, Phegley, Davis, Mangns, Rich, Jackson, Wolf, Higginbothen, Secon, Stewart, Olds, Banslna, Etter, Mills, Reisner, Wall, g.t.w.
More Than 100 Greek Runners Will Compete For Championship This afternoon at 4:30 p. ra. on Intramural Field over 100 contestants representing nearly 30 fraternities will vie for top honors in the annual Inter-fratemity cross country race. All contestants are urged to report at the west end of the Fieldhouse for instructions and numbers. Coach Herman Phillips will act
Prof. L. Sdianiz-Hansen Board Of Trustees
... of the Applied Design Department will attend the Midwestern College Art Conference, The meeting will be held at Madison, ^(isconsin on Friday and Saturday* e. w.n.
... will hold their quarterly meeting today and tomorrow in the Executive Building. Tonight they will be guests of honor at a reception and dance given by the University Club in the Union, e.w.n.
MANY FORMER SMOKERS OF EXPENSIVE PIPES NOW PREFER
Because its 66 Baffle filter accomplishes what no other pipe ever achieved. Ash anv
01 nNESiTBMim,. MOHEVCANBtlY
flCNUIHE FILTER^ FOB MEDlOO PIPES I pacKEOONLvmimsI RED & BUCK box!
Intramural Spoils New All Star Board Selection of the All-Star Intramural athletics teams for the 194041 season will be in the capable hands of H. P. (Pete) Timperman, J. G. KalbfieiBch, and B. J. Brock of the PE 21 class directed by Chief Clevett, ai^d Carl Geiger and Paul Zimmerman Intra-mural managers. Pete Timperman and Bryan (Junior) B^ock are especially qualified to pass judgment bn the stars for they are outstanding members of the present Riveter football com-
bine.
It is their job to determine the most proficient men in softball, touchball and all other departments of intra-mural participation which are a part of campus recreational athletics, o.t.c. Notice! Ward Managers A meeting of all Ward Managers will be held Wednesday night at 7:30 in Room 105 of the Fieldhouse. Those who are now Ward Managers or who would like to be should report at this time, o.t.c. Weightlifters Meet All men interested in weight-lift-ing should report to Room 104 in the Fieldhouse at 7;30 p. mi and should consult Ken Scott for further information concerning the activity. o.t.c. Schedules TOUCHBALL Wednesday, October 16
Field
1. Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 8 (D. Adams) 2. Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 9 (L. Captain)
S. Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hdll 10
(J. Dickman)
Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 11
(J. Hawkins)
Cary Hall 5 vs Cary Hall 12
(J. A. Kutz)
Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Ball 13 \ (J. McGrath) Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 14
(McAdams)
Phi Kappa Signua vs tilzrna Phi Ep- , silon (McCarthy)
4.
8.
SOFTBALL Wednesday, October 16 Diamond 1. Ward 30 vs Ward 24 3. Ward 9 vs Ward 2 5. Alpha Gamma Bho vs Sigma Chi v (F. G. Witsman) 7. Delta Upsilon vs Phi Kappa Tan or Sigma Phi Epsilon (R. Igney)
Delta Chi
iiill
* iisi
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Robert E. Mangum of Walkerton held at a model initiation, Sunday, October 13, as the celebration of the golden anniversary of the founding of the fraternity. Dean Fisher was the principal speaker. j.T.g.
as starter for the run which will consist of three laps of the intramural field for a total of two and one half miles. Each team entered by a fraternity is to consist of four men, three of whom must finish, in order for any participation points to be awarded. Kentpf Won Last Year Last year the race was won by Kempf, of Alpha Kappa Lambda with the present interfratemity record of 12:63. However, in spite of the fact that first place went to another team, the Theta Taus won the event. This year it is expected that an entry of over a hundred will start the race and it is hoped that the meet will establish a new record for fraternity participation in this contest. Trophy For Champs The winning fraternity team will receive a trophy in addition to the participation points earned. Keys will also be given each member of the team in order to reward them for their efforts. With almost every fraternity entering a team, it is anybody’s race and it is anticipated that competition for first place will be exceptionally keen. j.s.k. Indianapolis Alumni Plan Smoker Tomorrow Night; Will See Fobibali Movies Tomorrow evening, at 8 p. m,, the Purdue Association of Indianapolis, will hold a smoker in the Hotel Severin, Indianapolis. Moving pictures of the Purdue-Ohio State game will be shown at the meeting, Roger Sneden, president of the association, announced today that Mai Elward and bis staff will> be present and President E. C. Elliott, the temporary athletic director since the death of Noble Kizer, may be present. Mai Elward will follow the showing of the movie with a detailed description of the plays of the game. Following the movie, he will discuss the prospects of the team for the remainder of the season. This meeting is open to the general public. jXz. Research Chemist Speaks At AChS Meeting Tonight' Dr. M. W. Urbain, research chemist for Swift and Company, will be guest speaker at si meeting of the Purdue Section of fhe American Chemical Society, this afternoon at 4 p. m. in room 106 of Hie Chemistry Building. Dr. an4 Mrs. Urbain will be guests at a dinner given by the society, at 6:45 p. m. in the Union. All members of tt|e society sure urged to attend the meeting at 4 p. m. jJf.z.
For More Fun Out of Lrf Chew Delicious gum Daily Higtapot youi days GUM. to oi DOroil^ GUM , The velvety adds K> cooling, ^totoeveiytU“9y°“‘^“; teelrefreshed.^.ad inexpensive treat Chevnng this . • aiL yo^ helps sweeten ^eth attractive, tion . : • tvelps healthtul. deUcions Treat yohrseU d^y to » OUM.
\,
You’ll Be in Love...
... In love, at least, with the way it feels to have your coiffure done the way that makes you look your lovell* , / est. For yijur own satisfaction, “you owe it to yourself have Loeb's operators do your f|air, The right touch/ the bright touch will do wonders. Am appointrhent is tin easy, economical way of proving this. Try it! Call 7901; appointment at your convenience. loebT Beauty Saloni -fA •
mfh' ‘iA>^ y^i'
V'
i!
, 1V A
:ji /
PURDUE EXPONENT
Gridders Practice Basic Fundamentals This Week
Line charge on defense and tackling by backfield are among the most important techniques to be worked over. Without these two prime requisites of defensive play a team is lost against an opponent having a strong offense, this in part accounting for the results at East Lansing last week-end. New Faces? Speaking of future games this season football mentor Elward stated that, “There are likely to be a lot of new faces in the Purdue lineup.” Shimer and King, both first year men on the varsity, are to be given special attention at the end positions, and, accoiding to Elward, may see action in the Homecoming game against Wisconsin. Another possible shift in the lineup is likely to be seen toward the center of the forward wall at the guard stations. Stevens, a former tackle, is being groomed for work at the guard post, and, says Elward, may displace one of the men now holding down the guard positions if he shows as much fight there as he did at tackle. Summing up his feelings about last Saturday’s game while at the same time looking forward to future gridiron battles. Coach Mai Elward concluded, “As far as I’m concerned, I am far from satisfied with the fight Purdue showed in the game last Saturday. It’s been a long time since I’ve seen a Purdue team outfought.” Intra-Squad Game Saturday Far from letting down this week practice will continue with undiminished force. Next Saturday in RossAde stadium an intra-squad game is to climax this week’s preparation for the Homecoming scrap with Wisconsin’s Badgers the following week-end. Although Captain Dave Rankin is still suffering from the broken nose which he received in the Michigan State game, it is a much hoped for probability that DaVe will again see action when the Boilermaker squad faces Wisconsin. The chances are, however, that hard fighting, diminutive Mike Byelene will be
kept out of competition for some time by his wrist injury. Fight For Berths In case Rankin is unable to pla; against the Badgers, Jim Rush, L; vern King, and'Forrest Sprowl are all likely to be given a chance against the gridders from Madison. Tony Berto, Paul Anderson and Merlin Gantz will in all probability take over Mike Byelene’s halfback position, d.w.m.
Students, Faculty
(Continued from page 1) Those students, who, for reasons beyond their control, such as sickness, are unable to register at-either of the above times are directed to contact the assistant dean of men and make arrangements with him for registration. Students confined to local hospitals will be visited by a special registrar from the office of the county clerk. All students who must be out of town today will be permitted to register wherever they m^ be. They will be given registration certificates by the person registering them, w.e.h.
Agricultural Honorary Plans Anual Steak Fry
Ceres, local agronomy honorary, will hold its annual steak fry at the Soils and Crops Farm Grove this Friday evening, to give all students, faculty, station, and extension personnel a chance to get acquainted. A full evening program of stunts and games is planned. Tickets are available for twentyfive cents in the offices of Dr. Cutler and Professor Robbins, and will also be sold by Harold Creech, Hoyt Stuckey, Carl Johnson and other Ceres members. In case of rain, the steak fry will be held in the Livestock Judging Pavillion. m.k.b.
GIFT SET
A Six-Loop Key-Tainer and matching **Stitchless” Billfold
Locked Loops that really lock your ke3r8 in the BUXTON Key-Tainer — yet allow both loop and key to be instantly detached. And the teunous Stitchless construction that insures the BUXTON Billfold for the life of its long-wear-ing leather. Add to these features the stunning BUXTON Gift Bex in maroon and gold — and you have just about the prise gift of 1937 for anybody! BUXTON Combination Sets come in a wide selection of genuine leathers — from $3.00 to $50.00.
JL^ JCi JDki XIi JC1L1^
518-20 Main $t.
Phone 5035
Personnel Interviews
Instead of being able to take advantage of the vacancy in the schedule next Saturday and ease up in practices this week, Riveter gridmen are due to work harder now than ever before. Head Coach Elward states that much of the time this week will be spent on basic football fundamentals, blocking and tackling, both of which were weak points in last Saturday’s tussel with Michigan State.
Company: General Electric Co. Company’s Products: Electrical and Mechanical Equipment. Representative: Messrs. Adams, Allen, Howard, and Tumy. Date of Visit: October 24, 26, and 26. Will Interview: Senior EE, ME, graduating in January or June. Types of Positions: Training course. Special Qualifications and Information: Group meeting—4 p. m., Thursday, October 24th, Room 129, EE Building. Professors Harding and Messersmith have interview blanks which must be filled in, and returned, to them immediately. In-ter-riews will be scheduled only for those who have returned these blanks.
Notices
Company: Eastman Kodak company, Rochester, New York. Company’s Products: Photographic Equipment. Representative: John Howard. Date of Visit: October 21 and 22, 1940. Will Interview: Senior and junior engineers: ChE, CE, EE, ME, Industrial option, and others. Special Qualifications and Information: The seniors will be interviewed for all types of engineering positions, while the juniors are wanted for summer positions in their respective fields. This company IS interested only in students whose scholastic records aie distinctly above average and whose ability, characteristics, and general performance would assure successful progress in an industrial organization. Those who sign up after noon Friday, October 18th, will not be considered.
No notices received after 8 p. m.
Eta Kappa Nn: Important meeting concerning elections at 7:30 p. m. on Wednesday, October 16, in room 806 of the Union. —HOLCOMB.
AU Male Students: Sign up in the supply room of the Armory for the third novice pistol tiring which starts October 22. 16-40 —WASSMAN,
Independent Men: Those interested in singing in the PIA men’s chorus sign up in PIA office in Union Boilding or contact Smulevitz. There are still ten vacancies. —SMULEVITZ.
Civil Camp Refund: Checks are ready for the following: Von Behren, Curran, Walker, Pace, Love, B. A. Johnson, Jones, George. —LOMMEL.
WSGA Executive Board: Regular meeting on Wednesday, October 16, at 7:30 p. m. in the WSGA office —ZWIERLEIN.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Thursday, October 17^ at 7:30 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. It will be followed by a vote on new members. All members please be present. —GRIFFIN.
Company: E. I. du Pont de Nemours and company; Wilmington, Delaware. Company’s Products: Chemical. Representative: Dr. H. W. Rinehart and George R. Beach, jr. Date of Visit: October 22 and 23.
Chemical Engineers: Those who desire to purchase subscriptions at reduced rates to Chem and Met Engineering magazine or the Purdue Engineer along with membership to AIChE must do so before Tuesday, October 22. See any of the following: John Galloway, Ed Czenkusch, John Bruck, Don Swaim, Walt Stanton, Dick Kraybill, John Sell, Reinhardt Bergstet, Bob Massey. Chem Engineers: Membership cards may be obtained in Prof Shreve’s office in Chem and Met Building. —MASSEY.
Newman Club: Contact committee meeting Thursday, October 17, at 4 p. m. in the Union Please bring in all tickets and membership cards. —McCONAHAY.
ANNOUNCING ....
Reduced Rates
for
Classified Ads
WHETHER
IT PE FOR SALE FOR RENT FOR TRADE
You’ll be certain to contact your better market through the new classihed ad columns of the Exponent.
Ads taken at the Union Desk or at the Business office 312 No. Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana.
the Purdue Exponent
Wednesday/ October 16< 1940
Avill Interview: Master’s candidates in Cheipistry apd Chem. Eng., Seniors in Chemistry, Chem. Eng. and Meeh. Eng. Types of Positions: Research, production, engineering. Special Qualifications and Information: Doctors’ candidates who have been interviewed are not to be'reinterviewed at this time. Those who sign up after noon Friday, October 18, will not be considered.
Co-ed Fencers: Meeting Thursday, October 17, at 7:16 p. m. in East Reception Room. Refreshments will be served. -McCONAHAY.
8. A./b.: Meeting Wednesday, October 16, at 7:00 p. m in room 303 of the Union. Everyone attend. _tHOMPSON.
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, October 17, at 7:16 p. m. in the East Reception Room. Refreshments will be served. —McCONAHAY.
Gimlet: Important meeting Wednesday, October 16, at 6 p. m. at the Phi Delta Theta house. Bring either money or ^ets. —TAYLOR.
Newman Club: Discussion groups will meet on Wednesday and Thursday, October 16 and 17, at 7:30 p. m. in room 802 of the Union. —LUERS.
Snapshooters: Who have inter SS at Fort Knox last summer, please contact me. Tel. 36401 —NORQUEST.
Newman Club: Executive meeting at 4:16 p. m. on Thursday, October 17, in room 802 of the Union. —McCONAHAY.
Young men and women are more curious about economic problems of marriage than about sex, or anything else, according to Prof. Homer L. J. Carter of Western Michigan State Teachers College.
Hoof and Horn: First regular meeting Wednesday, October 16, at 7:80 p. m. in the Horticulture Building. Motion pictures. —HURST.
Undergraduate Dames: Rough initiation will be held at the home of Mrs. H. S. Gerstung, 140 South Salisbury st., Tuesday, October 22, at 7:80 p. m. All eligible are urged to attend. —GERSTUNG.
AU Cheer Leaders: Check on scholastic index at once. Men and women both and bring results to me. —ZUCK.
Ceres: Meeting postponed until Tuesday, October 22. —JOHNSON.
Purdue Flying Club: There will be a meeting Wednesday, October 16, at 7:30 p. m. in room 212 of the Union. All members are requested to be present. —GREVE.
All Yell Leaders: Report to stadium at 4 o’clock Wednesday, October 16. In case of rain go to Fieldhouse. —DELMER.
Modern Dance Club: Rehearsal Wednesday, October 16, at 4 p. m. and Friday, October 18, at 4 p. m. for new members as well as old. —SWOPE.
Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting for election of pledges on Wednesday, October 16. at 7:30 p. m. in room 306 of the Union. —HOLCOMB. Cleveland Purdue Club: Meeting Monday, October 21, at 8 p. m. Place will be announced later. —STEVENS.
All Senior Men: It is a regulation of the University that all seniors have a physical examination for employment purposes. Report to the Student Health Service without fail to schedule a time for this examination. Seniors who do not take this examination run the risk of not seeing the companies they wish to interview. —MILLER.
Trade and Industrial Education Students: Iota Lambda Delta get-acquainted dinner meeting for all T & I E students wiU be held Friday, October 18, at 6 p. m. in East Faculty Lounge of the Union. Buy tickets before Wednesday, October 16, from Scott, room 209, Education Building. -ROSE
Gold Peppers: Turn in orders for balloon sales Wednesday, October 16, at Pi Beta Phi house. —HITE.
Men’s and Women’s SCA and Clubs’ Representatives: Meeting Thursday, October 17, at 4:00 p. m. in room 303 of the Union with the actives committees of PIA. —GRIFFIN.
Dolphin Club: Meeting in room 104 of the Fieldhouse Wednesday, October 16, at 7 :16 p. m. —SILER.
Camera Club: No meeting this week due
cheflu
to change of schedule Tanco to speak next
week .on “Portraiture.”
—TOWLE.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE
Mortar Board: Put addressed invitations in wire basket in WSGA office. Get key at West desk —TERSTEGGE.
Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407.
S. C. A.: Regular meeting of S. C. A , postponed because of Rockwell Kent Convo, will be held in the SCA room (66) of the Union at 7.30 p. m Wednesday, October 16 Very important. —BROWN.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Glider Club: Meeting ,for all members and applicants Thursday, October 17 at 7 :30 p. m m room 328 of Union —KANE.
For Rent: room, single bed to Ag student who may work part time. 237 So. Grant.
Room For Rent: Clean and desirious room and board, only 1 block from the campus. For further information call 66014.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Dairy Products
• Hardware
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214 ^
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Priefes 822 Main Phone 2777
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL. A. RISK DR.LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD..J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
University Book Store Across from the Union Next to the College Inn M. C. "Red" Sammons *29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
Keep that youthful look — step out in Allen'-A Life Guards
the new style in undershorts
with Lastex
Trade Mark Reic U S Pat Off
Spring Needle Knit
You feel fit, in snug Life Guards. There’s a world of comfort and freedom in the distinctive Life Guard design. They hold you in with gentle support, giving you the trim, athletic appearance everybody admires. Lastex yarn is knitted into the material to give life, stretch, and a perfect fit without the discomfort of binding. Life Guards are
cool, durable, and inexpensive. Attractive fabrics in brief or conventional design. There are Life Guard undershirts, too, with crew necks and men's cap sleeves. They may also be worn as pocketless sport shirts. Other shirts of standard cut. For real comfort, stock your wardrobe with Life Guards. Buy your quota, today.
a
k t r
T;
l 4
■f \t s
I w
If ^
‘y y
i j ^ <)
\ ■(