Fred Beretta Was Elected Captain Of Purdue’s
Australia Debaters Met Purdue's Team
Purdue
Last Night In Fowler Hall For The First international Debate Which The Engineers
Exponent
1939-40 Cage Squad Last / Night At The Banquet Held
have entered since they met England in 1925. President E. C. Elliott presided over the discussion and following forum about the question, Resolved: “That the Achievements of. Science Have Created Merely an Illusion of Progress.” Australian debaters, H. R. Rob- -------
WEDNESDAY March 8, 1939
Lafayette, Indiana Vol. 50 No. 132
in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. A junior in the school of physical education, Beretta was outstanding all year as one of the best defensive men in the Conference, and ranked high among the scoring leaders. A member of Pi Kappa Phi fraternity, Beretta was a stellar high school player at Bedford, Indiana, before enrolling at Purdue. He was elected by popular vote of both old and new lettermen.
Sixteen major letters and six mi-
Exponent Surprised
New Leader
son and Fred Thonemann took the affirmative side against Purdue’s negative team, Joseph Yamamoto and Robert Sasser. Humor, irony, rapier-like thrusts and brilliant repartee took the foreground in the
Some drastic differences between American and Australian co-eds were described by Thonemann and Robson when they talked yesterday afternoon on “The Australian Girl” and “The Australian University” at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge. ' They said the Australian co-ed pays her way for all social engagements; it is a rare occasion, tantamount to a proposal, when she receives a corsage from a male student of Sidney or Melbourne universities. The Australia girl dresses slovenly throughout her four years as a university student. On the other hand, American girls are naive sophisticates who turn the campus into a fashion parade ground, they observed.
discussion before a crowd numbering between 800 and 1,000 students, faculty members, and townspeople. Glee Club Sings A. P. Stewart’s Glee Club opened the program before the crossed (Continued on page 2)
Over 350 Tickets For Cotillion Have Been Sold From
ly.
Sophomore Cotillion is one of thethree big dances of the school year to have special co-ed hours. The co-ed hours for March 17, as announced by WSGA at the beginning of the year, are 2 p. m. In order to assure that the Union ballroom floor will not be uncomfortably crowded, an absolute limit of 400 tickets has been set and no more will be sold.
“Happy” Felton and his band who will play, specialize in entertaining their audience with comedy acts and novel musical selections. This will be Felton’s first appearance at Purdue although he has played frequently in New York, Chicago, and Indianapolis.
For The Gold Pepper
Co-ed Pledge Dance
Tomorrow Night's Convocation Crowd In Memorial Gym
the campus last semester on Saturday morning, October 29, by putting out a paper which exhibited all “rocket” heads. That paper was both condoned and condemned. Today we try it again , .. repeating the experiment.
College papers have long been known among newspapermen as sort of journalistic “proving ground.” Most professional journalists view the collegiate field with favor, while only a few look askance at what they term the college “sheets.”
Will Hear Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra
the initial block of 400 since they went on sale last Friday. All remaining tickets are in the hands of Skull and Crescent members and must be obtained from them direct-
members play for their second campus appearance this year, the program starting at 8 p. m. All student passports and season tickets will be honored for the concert, and single admission tickets may be purchased at the door for one dollar. Under the direction of Fabien Sevitzky, musical director and conductor, the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra has been attracting na-tion-wide attention ever since their last appearance on this campus. Following Its debut in Chicago in January many newspapers spoke very complimentarily of the fine organization, including the Chicago Daily News and the Chicago Journal of Commerce. Program Four movements from Nicholas A. Rimsky-Korsakoff’s “Scheherazade” will be featured duifng the first half of the ■ orchestra’s program. Movements of the “Scheherazade” will be “The Sea and the Vessel of Sinbad,” “The Tale of the Prince Kalendar,” “The Young Prince and the Young Princess,” and “Festival at Bagdad.” Following the intermission, Carl Maria Von Weber’s “Invitation to the Dance” will be played, and will be followed by “Two Poems on an Aramaic Theme” by Harl McDonald. Franz Liszt’s “Les Preludes” will conclude the evening’s concert.
Flush-left heads, no column rules, extreme flexibility in the make-up, and other practices are more common in college papers than in our metropolitan dailies. We believe many of these ideas are basically sound, but large papers and conservative editors are necessarily hesitant in ^.ccepting new, partly unproven* ideas.
Purpose of rocket heads is not to ultra-streamline a newspaper, but to make it more interesting and readable. The reader skves time in running through a paper with well-written rockets, for he does not have to read facts twice; once in the story and once in the head. Editors who have used rockets say they are extremely easy to work with, once the “swing” of writing in that style is perfected.
A few publishers agree that rocket heads have passed the extremely experimental stage. The Alamosa (Colo.) Daily Courier first used them in August, 1937, and other western papers have used them extensively, with encouraging results.
We would like to quote the statement of a Courier reader, “Why didn’t they do that long ago? We don’t have to wade through a lot of headline and then read it all again in the story.”
PIA's Tea Dance
Is Scheduled For
Campus comment on today’s Exponent will undoubtedly be ^ , j A Jj lA/ flavored witl^both censure and approval. Nevertheless, we be- jatUtClayf Ano rVaS
lieve rocket heads may become more popular, as technique in writing them is developed by America’s press—D. G. T.
First Of The Eighth Annual Senior Marital
not held yesterday afternoon, as erroneously reported in the Exponent. Dancing will be from 3 to 5
o’clock.
Lecture Series Will Be Delivered Today
Kappa Alpha Theta
at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall by Professor O. F. Hall before a mixed audience. Prof. Hall, of the division of education and applied psychology, will discuss “Success Factors in Maniage as Seen by a Sociologist.” . A committee composed of senior class members will be in charge.
sorority installed new officers at a formal dinner last night. The newly elected girls are Margaret Saurer, president; Ruth Hall, vice-presi-dent; Lucy Demoret, secretary; Barbara Roderick, treasux’er; Virginia Gould, pledge chairman; and Jeanette Klitzka, rush chah’man.
Using data gathered by nationally known social scientists. Professor Hall will point out personality traits which contribute to marital success. From the same sources, he will try to show that these desirable traits can be acquired. This fact. Prof. Hall believes, offers a challenge to educational leaders.
One of Professor Hall’s chai’acteristic statements is “Recognition of the' fact that training for marriage is desirable is of itself evidence of having made a good start toward effective preparation for marriage.” Some topics which will be discussed and answered are “Can we train for marriage ?“What traits should be sought in looking for a mate?;” “Has the time come for discrediting the romantic theory in
Prom Permit
marriage;” “What sociological val-
ues has courtship ?;” and “Is nagging a personality trait or the result of certain conditions ? ”
Dave Mack Says, The Good Teacher Is One Who
Dick Shelton Will Play
k>n Friday evening, March 31, Gold Pepper president Mary Cooley announced last night. The dance will be held from 9 till midnight in the Union ballroom.
This first co-ed bid dance of the second semester will be semi-formal and has been planned for the honor of the new pledges. Pledges, who are selected from junior women on the basis of activities, personality, and scholarship, will be announced at the intermission 6f the dance. Tickets priced at one dollar may be purchased from any member of the organization; Mary Townsend is in charge of ticket sales. Committee in charge of the dance is Georgianna Pittman, chairman; Betty Elstun and Phyllis Crossman, decorations; and Mary Townsend, tickets.
really likes his work; one who gets an awful wallop out of it.” Across his Heavilon Hall desk, laden with an aluminum piston and other sundry odds-and-ends of metal, we interviewed this youthful and popular instructor in physical metallurgy for today’s Good Teacher article. “Enthusiasm is the most important ingredient for successful class work, including both students and instructor,” says Dave. “The teacher must arouse enthusiasm in his students for the subject ... he should be tremendously interested in it himself to kindle the fires of learning in the students before him. This holds regardless of the subject matter. There is nothing more contagious than enthusiasm.” Mack stressed that the Good Teacher must give cheerfully of his time outside the classroom. Dave feels it is the privilege of every student to consult him in off-hours concerning any troublesome problem or to clarify material. Dave Debunks Finals “Finals ai-e the bunk,” emphatically said Dave just before turning to help some student over a tech-
nical problem of classroom work. His problem solved, the student left and Dave turned to us again, “It is a scholastic farce that any student can cut classes all semester, cram heavily for the final and pass the course, then promptly forget all he ever learned.”
In Dave’s course ChE 133—^Metals and Alloys in the Process Industries—he is trying out an experiment this, semester in test-giving which has been approved by the Executive Committee. Six unannounced hour tests will be given during the course, and the final omitted.
“We are training men for industry, and as in industry they should be ready to give their knowledge at a moment’s notice. This method requires each student to keep up with the class and works out very well, especially when assignments can be given a few days in advance. Examination questions should not require merely memory work, but reasoning and a clear understanding of the material at hand. In engineering, problems should tie up with actual industrial work.” Favors Activiy Work Mack is in favor of extra-curri-cular activities, provided they dP not intei-fere too much with class-
room work. He favors an extended course for those students engaging heavily in activity work. * “College should not only give its graduates.. technical training, but should dqyelop personality and the ability to ‘get around, meet people, and make friends,’ which will give them a head start when they enter industry and the social world.” “There has been too much spoonfeeding of students ... it is up to them to develop their own study habits and to stand on their own feet. The sooner they learn this the better, and hence compulsory attendance should be discarded. However, the teacher must stand ready to help his students at all times. Days for hour tests should be selected by popular classroom vote, and! if unannounced dailies are given, one day each week should be set aside upon which no daily will ever be given.”
Use Humor, Stories Dave feels that acting ability and oratorical power are directly connected with teaching ability, whether they be genuine or “put on”. Humor, stories, incidents from industry, may well be included in classroom discussion, and all serve to make the covurse more interesting to the students.
Good Teaching and the personalities of those at Purdue who possess this art will receive recognition in a series of articles to be published in these cplumns. This is the first of the series.
nor letters were awarded to the members of Purdue’s varsity basketball squad, which finished in fifth place in the Big Ten race, as one of the features of the annual Lion’s Club banquet. In addition, freshman numerals were awarded to 23 members of the freshman varsity
squad.
An enthusiastic throng paid a real tribute to Coach Ward Lambert and the Boilermaker squad, which given no consideration in early season predictions, was a real factor until the final two games and ended the year with victories over every member of the first division save Ohio State.
Graham Presents Certificates As an added feature of the banquet, certificates in recognition of the selection last year of Jewell Young, brilliant All-American forwai’d, as the outstanding athlete of the Big Ten for the year in a poll conducted by the Associated Press, and in 1933 of Duane Purvis for the same honor, were presented by Gordon Graham, sports editor of the Lafayette Journal Courier in behalf of the Purdue athletic departmeiit. President E. C. Elliott was the principal speaker at the banquet, which was presided over by Professor Robert Phillips of the University history department. Phillips took over as toastmaster after the opening ceremonies by Ed Sherlock, (Continued on page 4)
Bob Fowler, PIA social chairman, said last night, “All PIA members and guests are invited to attend, and will be admitted upon presentation of PIA card and passport. Fraternity men and their dates are also also invited and will be admitted at the door for 10 cents.” “A limit of 25 stags has been set for Saturday’s dance because of the satisfactory way the experiment worked out for the last tea dance. Stags wishing to attend must sign the list posted in the PIA office.”
Junior And Senior
Chemicai Engineers
Wiii Gather Tonight
rules and regulations will be announced for this year’s Junior Prom in tomorrow morning’s Exponent. The rules will be released by Ticket Chairman A. R. Shackleton.
at 7:30 in the Union ballroom for a student-faculty smoker which is scheduled to last imtil 9 o’clock. The smoker is sponsored by Catalyst Club, local chemical engineering honorary. Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the chemical and metallurgical engineering school, ui’ges all junior and senior chemicals to attend. He said last night: “Although Purdue has a very fine reputation for faculty-student relations, class relations are far from perfect. It is almost uncanny how little one class knows about the
activities of another. “This affair will attempt to overcome some of these difficulties by giving students and faculty members a chance to become better acquainted with each other.”
Exponent's Staffs
Will Meet Today
Mack is noted among the chemicals for his smart selection of his clothes and careful grooming . . . he sports a mustache which is the envy of all his senior students . . . graduated from Wisconsin in 1931, received his master's degree in ’32, worked in industry for three years then came to Purdue and to the job he loves . . , Dave is only 29 . . . admits he is still a “joe” . . .and married.
at 4:15 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. This meeting will be attended by all members of the editorial, sports, and co-ed staffs, and is being held for the purpose of explaining points of policy and style. . Several important announcen^ents will be made at the meeting, which will last only half an hour. It is essential that all staff members attend.
Dave’s greatest sorrow of life is that his birthday is on December 26 ... he gets Christmas presents, but not birthday presents . . . photography is his hobby . . he is working now on his^ PhD and thesis.
Freshmen And Sophomore Union Workers Will Meet
Today’s Good Teacher closed with his favorite bit of philosophy. “For work we must. But remember, life is too short not to enjoy yourself when it doesn’t interfei’e with your work.”
in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building today at 4 p. m. Phyllis Ci'ossman, Union co-ed executive, has urged 100 per ce»| attandance since this will be the most impoi*tant meeting of the semester. This is the first tjme that Areshman and sophomore Student Union workex's have met jointly.
■■ •^■^1 ■SI
'" "ISdibfdaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J’judjjuuLdL.
Wednesday/ March 8,1939
■ '*'4
Senior Marital Lectures begin today as Professor 0. F. Hall discusses “Success Factors in Marriage'’ to open this year’s series of five programs. This will be the eighth annual series of lectures given for the benefit of senior men and women. A sociologist, an economist, a trial judge, a man physician, and a woman physician will discuss marriage from the point of view of their profession. Programs have been scheduled for Wednesday afternoons in Fowler Hall and the Electrical Engineering Building. Purdue may soon have a course in marriage if the student-faculty committee now working on that project so advises. In the meanwhile these lectures afford an excellent opportunity for seniors to obtain practical advice from competent professional men and women. Three of these lectures will be given by persons not connected with the University. They will supply advice and experience from the outside world, and will put their material over in a manner different from the usual University lecturfe style. Even when Purdue does have a marriage course we believe there will be a need for this outside viewpoint. We have suggested that a one hour credit course in Marriage be taught by a full time teacher. That of course, in our opinion, should be supplemented by a series of lectures similar to the ones planned for this year.
Seventy U. S. colleges and universities have provided scholarships for refugee students.
University of Kansas has a new type of popularity contest. Students are voting to select an “intelligence queen.”
The University of Georgia has banned student hitch-hiking at night and has forbidden co-eds to hitch-hike at any time.
the Purdue Exponent 5 Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 98.09 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief Business Manager
H. I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
Editor Associate Editors-
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor L. S. Hardin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors^. G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, B. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. M. C. Reeve* Local Advertising Manager ... E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager. — — W. F. Berg Sales Manager... —..V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevfn Accounts Manager. .. . W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
_ Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6033
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BV National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago Boston ’ Los Angeles - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. AU unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Terrio Issue Editor—Leber Wednesday, March 8, 1939
Six Junior Engineers Will Speak Tonight in the Hanley Speech Contest finals at 7:30 o’clock in the Duncan lecture room in the Electrical Engineering Building. The six finalists who successfully passed yesterday’s elimination preliminaries are Richard Lukenbill, John Heilman, Joe Yamamoto, Joseph Sheeks, Robert Sheckell, and William Croft. First place winner will be awarded a financial handbook, selected by Dean A. A. Potter. Both the first and second place winners will enter the finals in April, when they will meet winners from all four classes. Preliminaries for seniors will be held March 27, with the finals on the next day. The contest is open to all student engineers, providing their subject deals with some phase of engineering. Fresh Co-eds Are Particularly Urged to attend the special open meeting of the Virginia C. Meredith Club today at 4 o’clock in the Home Economics auditorium by Martha Moorhead, club president. Robert Parks, who is in charge of the Union puttering room, will talk on handicrafts. Parks will illustrate his talk with demonstrations of handiwork skills which are being practiced by students in the puttering room. President Moorhead also invited all co-eds to attend this meeting.
Debaters(Continued from page 1)
flags of Great Britain and the United States by singing “God Save the King.” This was followed by two more selections, and concluded by singing of the “Star Spangled Banner” by the Glee Club and audience. President Elliott opened the debate with the declaration of a “vocal aerial war,” and the introduction of the speakers.
Affirmative arguments centered around two major points. First that for. civilization to progress thei’e must be no wars. Secondly, that there must also be present in a progressive world, economic security, and leisure, leading to happiness and well being. This peace and economic security was denied by the affirmative team. Purdue’s team countered this argument and centered their points about the fact that present problems were caused by man not having caught up with the progress that science has made. To this they then added the point that one definition of progress was the conquering of nature and tried to show that during the whole of man’s existence this was being accomplished. Downfall of Civilization? Australians countered this argument very cleverly showing that man had conquered nature by the means of scientific monsters, but that man could not control the monsters he had created. Through science man has built up such a complicated economic situation that he can not control his own work. The Australians also prophesied the future downfall of the present civilization because of the inability to control science’s progress. Arguments and counter arguments continued centering about such points as; man had almost con-
-TODAY
The big show Inspired by Kipling’s epic of heroism. RKO RADIO Piefurp, starring GARY GRANT • VICTOR MeUGLEN' and D|UGLAS FAIRBANKS. Jr. San Jaffa, Edaacdo Ciannelli. Joan Fontalna
STARTS TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
— PLUS — RENFREW ON THE GREAT WHITE TRAIL ■ with — CHARLES NEWILL
LU^ — LAST DAY— CONSTANCE BENNETT
'SERVICE DELUXE' — and — RANDOLPH SCOTT — in — ''ROAD TO RENO"
THURSDAY-FRIDAY SATURDAY HUMPHREY BOGART KAY FRANCIS — in — 'King of the Underworld' — and^— GENE AUTREY — in — "Goloming in the Sky"
MA^ — LAST DAY—
I0AJ DAVIS WIB FARRELL TOMORROW-FRIDAY
with |. CARROL NASH
GRIN AND. BEAR IT
By Licbty
quered nature, hut could not conquer himself; whether social sciences could not conquer man as physical sciences had conquered nature; whether a man was better for having doubled his span of life; whether a fancy dinner coming from all over the world was better than a fowl baked by hot rocks in the ground. Open forum following the debate, which was not judged, was very enthusiastic. President Elliott had to stop the discussion when 10 o’clock arrived.
Who says that blushing is a lost art ? ? ... in case you think this art is completely lost on the Purdue campus, ask little LEE BOSSONG about those two Phi Delts * . . . you’ll see a beautiful blush develop! Can’t imagine what the Phi Delts have done now to merely make a girl blush by just the mention of the name! CAN YOU IMAGINE: PHI PSI SULLY using profanity in front of a co-ed? BETA EDWARDS hanging from a chandelier? GORDON MATTHEWS fixing a girl’s bathing suit strap instead of conducting her to a dressing room ? THETA ELLEN KEPNER doing the hula? CHUCK HEIDBREDER acting childish for all of his 16 years ? WHAT BILL HART thinks about women ? FIGI GEORGE BAKER being bashful ? CABONARGI not being on the
ball?
What’s this about BUCKEROO, FLUFFY, and SNUFFY . .. sounds like a story of the dwarfs . . . and where does SNUFFY fit in? Talking about dwarfs . . . HARRY KROUSE has proven himself as a very little form of humanity . . . any guy that is absent-minded enough to take a girl’s knitting and tear out all the stitches, after all the hours she has spent on it, should be tarred and feathered . . , saw the dwarf having a beautiful time doing this very thing in a S. S. booth yesterday ... it doesn’t happen to be funny either, chum.
ARC
— LAST DAY-
ipMUUMB A 20th Century-Fox Picture
— and
— ALSO — 'Spider's Web," Serial
THURSDAY-FRIDAY SATURDAY LAST STAND FUGITIVES FOR A NIGHT FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS
ms siMTEST mmmi mu
-LAST DAY-
tdtark*7u>o**A.
THKJUWENTUIIES ^ HUCKLEm
with WALTER CONNOLLY I Wlttiam Rm , FBAWIEV » INCRWM Sf-arting TOMORROW
“I can’t pay any alimony yet, Judge — I’m still paying off on ^ our engagement ring!”
Stuffing the ballot box again . . . this time in front of the Sweet Shop door . . . worker . . . industrious Sophs . . . trying to put “Onward Christian Soldiers” on the top of the popular song list . . . everyone asking how to spell Christian ... inspirations behind the halos ... in the ang’elical forms of JOHN RITCHEY and IRVING FOSSE . . . maybe the dark horse will win!
Burglar: Please let me go, lady, I’ve never did anything wrong. Old Maid: Well, it’s never too
late to learn.
Sig Pi prexy STITH O’FALLON had a gleaming look in his eyje when JEAN RAGSDALE and SUE WEBB worked like mad-women to polish off the spots on the fenders of his Graham ... it happened Saturday afternoon . . . with the girls using an emery cloth! Just what power does Little Lord have over these gals to make them his official mechanics ?
LAST MINUTE ADVICE: Maybe there’s nothing to lose, but lots to be gained! Remember your contribs!
, “I am Registered at the rNioN” is usually said with more than pride. Often it means joy for the guest. It shows the loving care and kindness of someone who wants his guest to have the best. Advance Reservations in the gUNION CLUB assures an eventful visit. J/UL fiwvdusL TyimuytioL lAvdofL
The Corner
of the Campus-
Yet the Center of Activities
4r W\fiffm
'lap
Wednesday, March 8# 1939
THE PURDUE
Sjl20ijtA>
EXPONENT 4
$
Wisconsin, Indiana, And Purdue Will Swim
In A Triangular Meet At WaldemarTomski
. Will Be A leading
4 p. m. Today In The Last Candidate For Ton
appearance for these teams before the Big Ten championships Friday and Saturday. Although the Badgers will rule as favorites this afternoon, both Indiana and Purdue are capable of furnishing an upset. Indiana defeated Purdue 51-33, earlier in the season, but Purdue has steadily improved since then, winning from Michigan State in their last meet. Boilermaker entries will be Tred- ———
well, Carr, and Lahey in the medley relay; Graham and Siler in the 220 and 440 yard free style; Tuxworth and Armstrong or Lahey in the 60 yard free style; Wildhack and Fahrner in the diving event;
Lahey and Armstrong or Ancker m the 100 yard free style; Tredwell and Haver in the backstroke; Carr, MacCammon, and Moller in the breast stroke; and Mauck, Armstrong and Lahey in the free style relay.
SPECIAL! 4-Shelf Bookcase fI.6S EAGLE FURNITURE COMPANY
425 COLUMBIA
PHONE 2728
honors when leading tankmen of the Big Ten gather \at the Fieldhouse pool this week-endTor their annual assault on records. Tomski, Michigan’s ace performer in the 60 and 100 yard free style events, will lead a strong Wolverine team in an attempt to continue its high ranking in the Big Ten. Although Tomski may be pushed by Quayle of Ohio State, and Iowa’s Captain Ray Walters for supremacy in his favorite events, past performances deem him as the man to watch. Beats Marks In 100 This season Tomski has surpassed both the Big Ten and national collegiate marks in the 100 while he was swimming the anchor in free style relay event. He has also recently equaled the national collegiate record in the 50 yard free style, and in a dual meet once bettered his teammate Kirar’s Big Teh record by four-tenths of a second. Michigan’s Coach Matt Mann who has produced a great many of the nation’s top swimmers, including Edward Kirar, present holder of the Big Ten records in the 60 and 100
Intramural AAanagers Chose The All-Star Team Yesterday
afternoon in the Fieldhouse, a team composed of eight men,
InttSfnUtsI Schedule forwards, two centers, and three guards.
BASKETBALL—TODAY Court 1-^Rechenbach. 7 '.OO—-Short Course. 7.16—Short Course. 8 .00—Sigma Chi vs Phr Kappa Psi 8:15—Delta Upsilon vs. Tau Epsilon Phi Court 2—Witsman. 7:00—Short Course. 7:15—Short Course. 8:00—^Theta Xi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 8:16—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Delta Chi Court 3—Kurtz „ 7:00—Short Course. 7 :16—Short Course 8:00—Delta Tau Delta vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 8’15—Tiiangle vs Sigma Phi Epsilon 9.00—Kappa Sigma vs. Lambda Chi Alpha (A)._
u
Those yiailmen Wave the ^ight Idea ^and Do 1/ for Pennies, Too!^^
«'T can’t remember fust liow it goes, but I X think that motto of the post office department about the rain or sleet or storm ;aot keeping thfe mail from going through is a great idea. Just think, anybody can get all that service for the cost of a three-cent stamp. Those three litde penmes certainly buy a lot. guess the reason the post office idea of service clicks with me is that the utility business works the same way. Boy, we certainly get our share of battling rain, sleet and storms. It doesn’t make any difference what time of
the day or night, or the kind of weather, when the call comes we turn out. We’ve got a motto, too — ’The Service Must Go On’ and everybody in the business believes in it and will break their necks to live up to it. ’’It’s funny, too, that the utility business is run on pennies, just like the post office. For a few cents for a kilowatt hour of electricity, you can %ht up your house aU evening, or iron the laundry, clean the rugs, or a lot of other real sert^ce. Yes, sir, the utility business really ’carries the mail.’ ”
Public Service Company of Indiana
ALL-STAR TEAM
Rankin F Kurtz F Goldsberry F
Oxley C Conklin C - Brown G.. Shackleton G Klein G
Lambda Chi Alpha
•- Ward 10-X ^ Ward 2-A Sigma Alpha Epsilon Cary Hall 10 - Kappa Sigma Beta Theta K Cary Hall 10
BADMINTON DOUBLES—TODAY Court 1— 4:00—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Beta Theta PI. 4 -45—Delta Chi vs. Phi Pi Phi. Court 2—■ 4.00—Delta Tau Delta vs. Delta Upsilon. 4 .45—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Court 3— 4 00—Kappa Delta Rho vs Lambda Chi Alpha. 4 '46—Theta Chi vs. Sigma Pi. Court 4— 4:00—Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa. Couit 5— 4 00—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma 4 45—Triangle vs Theta Xi.
Oxley, center of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, polled more votes than any other fraternity man. However, he was closely followed by Lambda Chi’s versatile athlete, Dave Rankin; Jack Brown, of Kappa Sigma; and Red Shackleton, Beta _■■■■ Theta Pi’s guard.
Ping Pong Entries In The All-Campus Meet are now being taken at the intramural office in the Fieldhouse. This tournament will begin immediately after the desired number of entries are received, and about one-half of the required entries have already been taken. A small entry fee of 10 cents is required of each entrant. The single elimination system will be used. Both A. L. Belfield and W. W. Bower, last year’s champion and runner-up, respectively, will defend their laurels against this year’s candidates.
Leading the field of favorites who are ward athletes of the hardwood was Goldsberry, of Ward 2A. Other men representing wards but not receiving enough votes to satisfy the all-star board for selection were Eickleberg, Cary Hall 10; Madden, Ward 2A; and Brewer, Cary Hall 2. Fraternity men who attracted much attention but failed to poll enough votes to qualify for placement on the honor team were Bill Vergane, Theta Chi; Steve Gutting, Beta Theta Pi; Jim Welsch, Lambda Chi; Jim Rush, Phi Delta Theta; and Kuta, Sigma Pi.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
For a large assortment of Milano Pipe Styles, see H. G. “Deac” Reisner
nrowER? SEEDS— JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 MAIN ST.
PHONE 2777
Foi#— Can Be Well-Dressed all of the time!
on a very small budget If you keep your clothes Clean and Well-Pressed. It is Economy. Call Us Now!
Save your old shoes.
SHOE REPAIRING
Half Soles S9c and 69c
Phone American! 3085 Dependable Dry Cleaners^kcoL CMi,
THE PURDtIE EXPONENT
yioiicsiA.
Wednesday, March 8, 1939
'.fe
Entire Cast Tryouts For The All-Campus Show are scheduled for tomorrow at 4 p. m. in Fowler Hall. Dancing and singing tryouts will be given by appointment at the same time. Directors of the show are undecided as to the exact size of the cast. However, there will be approximately five male and- five female leads, with a singing chorus of from 12 to 30 voices, and possibly a pony chorus of about 12 girls. Music Room Appreciation program scheduled for tomorrow night in the Union music room has been postponed indefinitely because of the Univei’sity Convocation. Controller R. B. Stewart ^nll talk on “The Story of the Development of the Piano and How It Is Made” at some date in the near future.
Beretta-
(Continued from page 1)
president of the Lions’ Club. Entertainment w’as furnished by the Purdue Men’s Glee Club and Maurice Lenser, magician. The complete list of letter awards follows: MA.IORS — Capt. , Eugene Anderson, Franklin ; Nicholas Barsha, Anderson ; Fred Beretta, Bedford ; .Tom Dickinson, Lafayette : Dan Fisher, Anderson ; Eugene Herschelman, Evansville; Dale Hutt, Indianapolis ; Robert Igney., Frankfort; James Lyboult, Richmond: Martin Stamm, Columbia City ; Carl Swan, Tulsa, Oklahoma ; Norman Sivarts, McCordsville; John Vernon, Rochester ; Forest JVeber, Plainfield : Elwood Yeager, Connersville; and Harry Zink, Monticello. MINORS—James Bosse, Evansville; John Chapman, Columbia Cit.v; Keith Correll, Robinson, III. ; Basil Lorenz, Hammond ; Clayton Rechenbach, Harrison, Ohio; Forest Witsman, Frankfort; H. R. Knaus, Takoma Park, Md. Freshman Varsity Numerals—:Warren Abolt, Fowler: Donald Adams, Carpentersville. 111.; Donald Blanken, West Dundee. 111. : Donald F. Blemker, Huntingburg; Burton W. Brinkerhoff, Portland; Robert Burke, Lafayette: Leo Bussell, Otterbein; Charles Caress, Bedford: Robert Compton, Star City; John Conrad, West Point; Edward Cooper, South Bend ; John Galvin, Chicago, 111. : Clay Hedges, Crlawfords-. ville: Benjamin Korschot, Klondike; Arthur Melahm, Dundee, Ilk : William B. McAdams. Bluffton; William A.. Neutzel, Tell City : Cecil A. Polk, Rochester; Roy Riggs, Bedford; Forrest Sprpwl, Oblong, 111. : John Tierney, Chicago, 111.; Frank J. White, Roval Center ; Hugh Young, Twelve Mile.
Don Taiel
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY By Enrolling in Our NEW BEGINNERS' CLASS Wed., March 8, 7:00 P. M.
Sfudy Under Insfructor—
a Nationally Known -Mr. P, M. Allen
Graduate Chalif School, New York City,. President Chicago National Association of Dancing Masters.
To Experienced Dancers Enroll in Our New Advanced Class Thursday, March 9, 7:00 P. Learn the Latest Dances, including "The Chestnut Tree" INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL
M.
A L L E N’S
6th AND FERRY
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This Is all we do, but we do It weH. Opposite Poet Office Wallace Block 322 Feny St.
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic FAUL A. IU»C—D.D.S. HAROLD i. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.DJ.
R.j. BATH Watchmaker
Schultx Building 4h and Main Phona 5701
605 Main St.
• Florists
Dorner's PWer Shop
Quality Fiowera
Mein at 7th /■ ,
Phone 6050
but promises that she is a real find. Louise urges all those who have not yet voted for their favorite “song of the week” to do so this afternoon, and then attend the new Swing Show on Saturday to hear the results.
Alpha Zeta: Meeting at 7:30 Wednesday, March 8, in the Agriculturist office. —STONAKER.
Silver Mask: Meeting Wednesday, March 8, at 7 :30 p. m. in room A of the Union. ' —MEIER.
WAA Riflery: Classes scheduled for Wednesday, March 8. Freshmen at 7 p.. m.; sophomores at 7 ;16 : juniors at 7 :30 ; seniors at 7:45. —SMITH).
E. Dubois, P. S. Dinius, M. Reeves, I. French, R. E. Seely, H. C. Burkholder, C. F. Reed, N. W. Aram, J. M. Wiggans. The following- men may obtain their data sheets by calling at the Debris office. J. E. Barker, C. D. Arnold, P. A. Levernier, and M. H. Weber. —HENSLER.
Student Co-operative Adsbciation: All’ students who wish to be Tjohsidered for membership in co-operativehouses next fail should attend the class in co-operatives Wednesday, March 8, at 8 p. m. at 485 State street. —McFADDBN.
Union Workers: Will all members of my committee please be in the ballroom Wednesday, March 8, at 4 p. m. —BRUBECK.
Riding Club: Important meeting at 7 ;30 p. m. Wednesday, March 8. All members please be present., —SUMMERS.
WAA Tumbling: Practice 'Wednesday, March 8, at 4 p. m. Very important. Please be present. —COOK.
MISCELLANEOUS
Chi Epsilon Smoker: All members and those who have been invited please attend smoker Wednesday, March 8, at 7 :30 p. m. in the Chestnut Room of. the Union. —FARR.
Union Workers: Will both sophomore and freshmen members of my committee please meet with me in the ballroom Wednesday, March 8, at 4 p. m. —CREPPS. History, Economics, and Government: Examinations for the removal of conditions in History, Economics, and Government will be held Saturday, March 11, at I p. m. in room 813, Recitation Building. All students who plan to take the exam should register with the department office before March 9. —ESTEY.
All Debris Salesmen: Turn in' salesbooks immediately. (3-8) —EDWARDS. Eta Kappa Nu: Smoker 'Wednesday, March 8, at 7:80 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. —KECK.
PI A Social Committee: All interested In working on tea dance committee come to PIA office any night from 4:00 to 5:80. —^FOWLER.
' WAA Basketball; Games to be played Pi Phi, Theta vs. Ward 3, On Wednesday, March 8, at 4 p. m.: WRHrS vs. Phi Mu, Alpha Xi Delta vs. WRfi-N.
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. f. Ebershoff, 606 Main' street.
Union Workers: Mass Meeting of sophomore and freshmen workers will be held at 4 p. m. Wednesday, March 8. All workers are requested to be present. —MASON.
IF YOU WANT—Delicious home-cooked meals, eat at Townsend’s. 648 Main Street.
has been elected editor-in-chief of the Purdue Independent, Monday’s issue of PIA’s bi-weekly paper announced. Rolfe Jenkins was elected managing editor, while Joan Wimborough will take over the duties of co-ed editor. Junior editors include L. G. Alexander, R. P. Brody, L. A. Hess, and I. H. Selkowitz. The business managership went to C. R. Franklin, and the assistant manager’s job to P. A. Phillips. Sports editor is D. S. Leckie. Voting Ends Today For Selection Of 'Song Of The Week' at the polls in front of the Union Sweet Shop, open from 3:30 to 5 p. m. Most popular selection w:ill be sung by a new freshman coed, with Harry McCrady and his band doing the musical, honors, at the Union Swing Show, Saturday night from 7 to 8 p. m. Swing Show, sponsored by the Student Union, will feature Harry McGrady and his band plus songs and entertainment by members of the band and campus talent. Louise Schickler, Union vice-pres-ident in charge, will not announce the name of the latest songstress,
ALTERATIONS—Repairing and mending neatly done. Phone 2637.
LOST AND POUND
LOST—Kappa Delta Rho fraternity pin. Call 6827, Donald Woodward. Reward.
Purdue Engineer: The following mcni will please report to Squires at 4 p. m. in the Engineer office Wednesday, March 8: Kinnear, Gale, Ruth, Worthington, Shooter, and Hawkins. —McCLINTOCK.
G. E. 11—Engineering Dra'wing: An examination for the removal of “C” and “1” grades will be held Saturday, March 18th, at 1 p. m. in room 201, Michael Golden Shops. Students planning to take the examination must make arrangements with the undersigned on or before March 16. —RISING.
Playshop : The spring party win be held Saturday, March 11, from 9 to 12 p. m. in Hie tJnion faculty lounge. There will be dancing, skits, and refreshments. Get tickets from Bob Hettema or Ruth Bennett, forty cents per couple. —HETTEMA. ;
LOST—White gold Bulova wrist watch Phone 5812, Reward.
Horticulture Club: Meeting Wednesday, March 8, at 7 p. m. Election of officers will be held ,and student speakers will addrdss the members. —BLAKER.
Playshop: Meeting Wednesday, March 8, at 7 :30 p. m. in Fowler Hall. A full attendance is necessary. Everybody out. —AHRENS.
Alpha Phi Oniega: Meeting and initiation Friday, March 10, at 7:30 p; m. in room A of the Union. Projects will be assigned. —STRADLING. Senior Personnel Data Sheets: Proofs of the following men must he checked before Thursday, March 9, at 5 p. m. in the Debris o.;.,ce. If not checked, proofs will be assumed correct. G. W. Shatzer, J. R. Hopkins, E. L. Baynes, A. J. Zeller. F. C. Joy, W. C. Martin, D. K. Wells, V. T. W. Coddington, H. J. Simon, J. C. Becker, D. R. McLeish, J. C. Dewinter, R. E. Miner, R. M. Lemen, R. A. Fuller, P. E. Daugherty, J. W. Rieke, J. p. Goshorn, H. B. Schieler, J. M. Crump, G. H. Lewis, R. J. Ruth, J. Kitnner, G. S. Johnson, F. H. Flack, E. K. Thomas, P. J. Bryant, M. D.. StepatH, E. B. Snyder. J. D. Mitchell, C. G. Bull, G. W. Toben, H. T. Helton, B. C. Losket, F. P. Tabshey, R, C. Meloney, C. A. Bennett, R. Zimmer, L. McDaniel, J. W. Combs, L. .Holms, C. E. Clutter, R. L. Anderson, D. E. McCoy, M. S. Strzalkowski, J. Bali, E. L. Tyner, L. E. Keck, R. 0. Dirmeyer, J. S. Brown, L. J. Barley, T. Woodmansee, R. G .Rice, R.
Rifle Club : Short but important meeting at the Fieldhouse range Wednesday, March 8, at 7:30 p. m. All members and interested students are invited to attend. —SMITH.
Exponent Editorial, Sports, and Co-ed Staffs: There will be a very important meeting Wednesday, March 8, in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building at 4:16 p. m. —STANBACK.
Poultry Club: Meeting Wednesday, March 8, at 7 :30 p. rri. in the Poultry Building. —JENKINS.
Poultry Club Members: Dues are payable before Friday, March 10th. -JENKINS.
All Union Workers: Meet in Ballroom Wednesday, March 8. at 4 p. m. Every worker is urged to be present. —HRUBY.
... Independent Men: Anyone interested in participating in ward badminton, squash, or bowling sign up on respective blanks on intramural bulletin board. (3-8) —MIDDLETON.
Catalyst Club: All members will be expected to attend the smoker Wednesday, March 8, from 7:30 to 9 p. m. is the Union Ballroom. —CRAIG.
ME 31: Examination for removal of condition or incomplete in ME 31 will be held Saturday, March 18, at I p. m. in room SOI of the Mechanical EJnsineering Building. Make arrangements with the undersigned on or before March 11. —MESSERSMITJJ.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINIE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
HES FRONTIER IIV FD R'.s Most-Telephoned Ambassador
W HO KNEW all the answers when that new Army bomber crashed, with a French Air Ministry officer in it? Who knows all the answers when the President uses the transatlantic telephone for feedbox tips on the latest European crisis? The answer is: William C. Bullitt, who went from Social Register to Congressional Record. Read his story in your Post tonight. First of two articles. HE ROSE FROM THE RICH by Jack A lexander
# Hollywood? A genial madhouse. And Patterson McNutt knows all its cockeyed angles. In the Post this week he writes an amusing story of that fabulous land, where turning out a flop picture can even be enjoyable—if you can make somebody else take the rap for it. Watch closely and observe a new Holljrwood feature: the double double-cross! One Big Happy Family A Hollywood Story by PATTERSON McNUTT
WHAT! Civil War soldiers raiding a tourist camp! In 1939? Yes, it can happen here. And all because of a honey-colored blonde named Angel, and her vanishing $500 trousseau. Up to then, Prof. Lysander Markham had been sure the Civil War Was over. Here’s a story one part historical, three parts hysterical. Custer’s Cavalry Rescues Uncle Birch ROYCE HOWES
DETROIT BUYS A $100,000 ROOKIE. And what hurts, the Tigers had him earlier on a $5,000 option—and let him go! In One Rookie They Won't Forget, Paul O’Neil tells you about the 19-year-old wonder boy who is still a mystery to major-league dopesters, iK MARY ROBERTS RINEHART describes a day in the life of a writer, and sums it up for you in three words: Writing Is Work. W.SOMERSET MAUGHAM talks this week about You and Some More Books. He gives you his favorites—this time among Writers of France, Spain and Russia, whose stories are worth reading. 'lAr AND.. . three lively short stories. The Cicadas Sang, hy Stuart Cloete; Crank Ship, by Richard Howells Watkins, andMrs. Cupid, by Brooke Hanlon... PLUS articles, editorials, fun, and cartoons in the Post this week.
“SUBMARINE MAIL" Spain s odd war for stamp-collectors’ money Because freak stamps bring fancy prices, Spain’s Loyalists engineered a neat moneyraising exploit—submarine mail. A writer who accompanied the first cargo describes that hazardous trip through Franco’s plane and torpedo-boat blockade. Stamp War by Werner kell
TH.