hI^ *’ ^’‘5?
500 Tickets Go On Sale For Co^ Bid, WAA Ball Five hundred tickets will go on sale Monday at all sorority houses for the second co-ed bid dance of the season, the WAA Masked Ball, December 2. Bud Bryant and his campus orchestra will syncopate for the masked dancers in the Union Ballroom amid confetti and streamers. All comers will be provided at the door with masks and sufficient fun :^aking equipment for the evening. Girls will wear long dresses, no corsages; men will wea rregular suits. On the Monday before the dance tickets will be put on sale at a table outside the sweet shop door. Tickets are priced at mixer cost, one dollar. During the evening Miss Helen B. Knight of the Women’s Physical Education Department will conduct a lesson in the Lambeth Walk. There wjll also be tag dances occasionally during the evening. This is the second annual Masked Ball as sponsored by WAA. Funds will be used to continue the program of furnishing the new women’s gym. Louise Daniels, chairman of the social committee, is being assisted in the plans by Jane Fishleigh.
Purdue Exponent
Z-185
Vol. 50
No. 55
WEDNESDAY
November 16, 1938
Lafayette, ladknig
WSGA Culture Conference Begins Today
Research Conference Opens Thursday
From 4:30 to 6 o’clock tomorrow more than 16 industrial leaders will register for the sixth Industrial Research Conference sponsored by Purdue University. Thursday evening at an informal banquet in the Union ballroom John W. Wheeler, master of ceremonies will introduce Dr. Furnas of Yale University whose subject will be “Prospects of Perils of Research.” From 9 to 11:30 Friday morning at a general assembly in the faculty lounge, industrial leaders will discuss “Inrustrial Uses of Soy Beans,” “Eliminating Danger in Air Navigation,” “High Pressure and Temperature Steam Research,” and? “Evolution of the Industrial Research Program.” G. W. Beese, head of the General engineering department of Purdue University, will preside at the last session at which leaders from the psychology department will discuss various modern psychological problems in business.
A .A. Potter, past president of the American Engineering Council and Dean of Schools of Engineering of Purdue University, who will preside at the second session of the Industrial Research Conference tomorrow morning in the faculty lounge.
Men Counselors Discuss Yellow Slips
Jumor and senior engineering counselors were advised by engineering professors on the yellow slip problem at a meeting held yesteiday at 4 p. m. in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. According to Dr F D. Martin, head of the freshman chemistry department, freshmen should leain to get the situation clearly in mind. Dr. Martin advised reading over assignments befoie lecture and reviewing dailies.
“Show your freshmen the importance of passing, not dropping the courses, as there will be no time to take them over,” advised Prof W A. Knapp, Assistant Dean of Engineering Prof M. R, Graney of the mechanical drawing department stressed the importance of attitude toward studies “Many failures,” he concluded,” may be attributed to the wrong attitude toward the woik.”
Journaist Agar Speaks Tonight In Union At 7:30 Herbert Agar, economist, authority on world affairs, historian, and Pulitzer prize winner, will open the Conference on Contemporary Culture this evening at 7:30, speaking on “Americanism and What Is Represents.” “Pursuit of Happiness,” Agar’s latest book, was offered to the public just two weeks ago. It deals with the struggle American democracy must face in order to withstand the over-shadowing powers of world dictators. Previously he has written vThe People’s Choice,” a Pulitzer jprize winner, and “Land of the Free.” All women students attending the conference will be excused from Thursday’s classes. Attendance cards are to be checked at the beginning of each session. Louisville Journalist At the present time Agar is associate editor of the Louisville Cour-ier-Journal, and editor of “Who Owns America,” a magazine on current economic conditions. Nine other prominent speakers, who will lead discussions on a wide range of topics, will be on the campus for the two-day conference sponsored by WSGA. HalLeiber.lU Import, To Play For Saturday's Mixer Hal Leiber and his orchestra will be imported from Indiana University to engage in a battle of swing with Bud Bryant and his sophisticated swingsters at the mixer to be held Saturday night in the Union ballroom fiom 9 to 12 o’clock Dads will be admitted free to the dance, but the regular pi ice of one dollar per couple w-ih be charged to other dancers Alpha Chi Rho... . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Fred D. Richards of Indianapolis.
By Pazel Harsons BLOOMINGTON, Nov. 15 (Special)—MISS INDIANA IS DEAD! . . . nothing less cataclysmic than impending end of the world could have struck more terror into the hearts of lU students than those terrible words did today. Her pale emancipated form will appear before jubilant Purdue University students this afternoon in a dower-bedecked bier in the Union lobby. Pumped up with alcohol, her body was sealed in a steel boiler and shipped to Lafayette by air mail late tonight. Goody
}
This villain laughed in fiendish glee at the news of Miss Indiana’s death. He knew she couldn’t kick the bucket, for the bucket was at Purdue! Miss Indiana lapsed into unconsciousness at 2:45:31.7 p. m. today, and the campus was delunged with a flood of student tears so copious they had to dig irrigation ditches around the Union Building. Unconsciousness came to the ailing patient following boiler trouble. She had been receiving countless flowers and presents all day long.
As a token of her impending finish, however, sprightly old John Purdue presented her with a toy steam engine. She took one look at its miniature boiler, frightfully screamed, “Ohhhh . . . what will those PURDUE Boilermakers do to me Saturday? Oh, OH, my hide, my hide” . . . and flopped back on her pillow, out like a light. Dr. U. Cuttem Up, specialist of West Lafayette, said, “It’s Knockout Pigskin Jitteritis all light, and IS coupled with Bevere Boileimakei Blues. All 11 of her first-string bones are weak around the knees. Although she is in a deplorable condition, we’ll have to operate.” Line-up All Shot Startling revelations came to light following her operative dismembering by the medics. Her back was found to be spineless all the way aiound, full-back, quarter-back, and half-backs. Her ends were withering off, her center was badly warped and hei lower quarteis weie completely paralyzed. Indiana Student
B. Cook, Mather, Moore, Debut As' Yell Leaders
Three co-eds. Marge Moore, Barbara Cook, and Mary Mather will make their debut as the first Purdue co-ed cheerleaders, at the Indiana game on Saturday. Wearing black culottes, black wool sweaters, gold jackets, black and gold anklets and black shoes, they will augment the usual cheering squad which has been increased to ten. The men cheerleaders will also appear in Purdue colors with black pants with,a gold stripe down the side, and gold sweaters. There will be 10 men to lead cheers all along the Boilermaker front so that the end sections will be covered. Five new routines have been worked out for the co-eds and eds together. According to Stubby ^eier, head cheerleader, two novelties will be introduced at the game. We Appreciate The Girls Bud Fenstermaker said in a statement last night, “The turn out was excellent and we appreciated the time spent by the girls in practice.” The freshmen and sophomores aie expected to know the yells and the song “The Honor of Old Purdue.” Here are two yells that the-
cheering squad would like to have practiced. Purdue Series Humpty-dumpty * Hoop de Doop What’s the matter with old Purdue? Rickety, Rickety, Rickety, Right Old Purdue is out of sight. Say What That’s What What’s What? That’s what they all say What do they all say? Purdue Sis . . . Boom Yea, Purdue.
Purdue! Purdue! Rah! Rah! Purdue! Purdue! Rah! Rah! Who... Rah Who... Rah Bully for old Purdue!
Purdue Battlecry Fight on Purdue We’re all for you Fight, Purdue! Fight, Purdue! Fight! rah, rah, rah!
Trade Dinner—Late Again Quick, Smile—Sorority First
Miss Indiana Kicks OlfSoorayi Body To Repose In Union Today
Gazes At Pale Cadaver
Bo McMillin, head cheese doctor, grieved, “It will take a dozen buckets to stem the awful flow of blood. ?!&!‘|?@ (Censored by the Western Union) the Old Oaken Bucket is Gone Forever, but even its staunch staves would be incompetent to hold the torrent of blood. It looks like a sad day . . . very sad.” You Sad It, Kid Meanwhile the entire student body here walks with softened step and breathes with bated breath, waiting for news of the very worst from Bloomington Hospital. Late this afternoon mourning students packed the district for blocks aiound the Bloomington Funeral Home There Miss Indiana lay in state on a marble slab for Indiana students to shed a tear upon, for up (oi down) with her soul passed all hope of seeing the Bucket again. It was reported today from the souices ordinarily considered to be more or less authentic (your correspondent will not commit the Exponent) that Washington big-ivigs weie consideiing a PWA appropriation of two cents to send Miss Indiana a spiig of goldenrod. Since goldeniod is gold foi Old Purdue and the patient has hay fever gnyhow, they believe this would certainly be a most generous and appropriate government offer. Gimlet Club merpbers will form a cheering crew to lay the cadaver in state today, prjior to its incinera^on in the pep-session bonfire Friday night. Carl Swan, Gimlet president, urges all fraternities, sororities, ^nd independent houses to send carded floral pieces to decorate Miss Indiana’s final resting place.
" By Janet Pickering We dash in the front door, late as usual, and up the front stairs. The social chairman, who asked everyone to be dressed and ready by 5 15, throws a dirty look our way Upstairs the sisters stand around the bulletin boaid looking at a list. Beside each girl’s name on the list is the name of the boy who IS her date for the evening. We look to see who our date is and dash for a Debris to look up his picture But just try and find a Debris. There is a small huddle around each one, but soon a girl will emerge from the huddle with a groan or a smile and we can take her place. “Well, I just don’t see why girls with pins have to go to trade dinners,” says one junior. The “what’s-good-for-the-house” seniors squelch her with a look. They’re Here “My heavens, they’re here,” yells some pledge all thrilled about her first trade dinner. “Wow,” reply two thirds of the actives as they start to get ready. Soon all the girls are cleaned up and sitting on the stairs. (Of course
the dignified seniors stand.) “Just where is that freshman who said they were here,” growls an active crossly. Naturally the boys are late with the exception of a few timely arrivals whom the pledges had seen. Ed Chairman At End It seems like we’ve been sitting on the stairs for—^well much longer than we’d like to before the front door bell peals. The door swings open and immediately the hall is choked with MEN. The fraternity social chairman arrives at the tail end of a flock of eds. There isn’t much commotion or noise, but there is enough to successfully drown out the exasperated social chairmen. Finally they succeed in getting together at the foot of the stairs. We hear our name called and stumble over the various sisters as we try to scramble down the stairs. Out of breath, and rather disgruntled we airive just as our date comes up. We are introduced, and proceed merrily (?) out the door. The social chairmen blithely check our names off their lengthy lists. “And that’s that,” they say.
AH Department Sponsor 'Little Internat'nl' Tonight The annual “Little International” livestock show will be held tonight in the University judging pavilion. The show includes steers, sheep, hogs, and horses, which have all been bred and developed on the University farm. This will be the last chance to see this exhibit as it will be shipped to the International Live Stock Show in Chicago next week. The exhibit is sponsored by members of the animal husbandry department in co-operation with the Hoof and Horn Club. Prof. T. G. King, head of the animal husbandly department, is chairman of the program; Prof. J. T. Frost, also of the animal husbandry department. Prof. W. W. Smith, Prof. R. B. Cooley, and Prof. C. F. Gobble will talk.
Co-edsToHear Talks On Music, Art Drama At Condare Every phase of modem contemporary thought from drama, music, and painting to writing, sculpturing, and dancing will be represented at the conference on Contemporary Culture tonight and tomorrow. Tonight at 7:30 in the Union ballroom, Herbert Agar, associate editor of the Louisville Courier-Journal, will address the group on “Americanism and What it Represents.” After the talk there will be a reception in the general lounge for everyone, given by WSGA, which is sponsoring the con-
ference.
Thursday’s sessions will get underway at 9 a. m. wilih a talk in the Union ballroom by Dr. Flora M. Thurston. The topic of her discussion will be “Marriage and Youth Problems.” At 10:30 a. m.. Dr. and Mrs. Furnas will discuss “Interdependent Living.” Dr. C. C. Furnas, ChE ’22, and Mrs. Furnas, BS ’24, are co-authors of “Men, Bread, and
Destiny.”
Drama And Music SpecAcs The afternoon schedule will be made up of seminars of art. Co-eds will have to make a choice between drama and music at 1 p. m. Mrs. Hallie Flanagan, director of the Federal Theatre Project will discuss “The “Theatre” in the faculty lounge. In the Women’s Lounge, John G. Cavanna of Northwestern University Will speak on “Music ki
Modern Culture.”
At 2:30 there is a choice of three lectures. In the faculty lounge, the topic “Contemporary Painting” will be discussed by Forbes Watson, Director of Art in Federal Buildings. George Dillon, editor of Poetry—a magazine of verse, will talk on “Modern Poetry^’ in the Women's lounge. In the reception room, Alexander Archipenko, director of the Archipenko Modern School of Fine Art and Practical Design, will talk on “Creativeness in Sculpture.” Creative Modem Dance At the closing session Thursday night at 7:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall, Martha Wood will give the highlights of the conference, compiled from the reports of student secretaries. To climax the conference, Doris Humphrey, of New York, will present her dance group in creative
modem dances.
There are to be dinners both Wednesday and Thursday at 6 p. m. in the reception room for the speakers, visiting deans, and visitipg representatives. ‘ ‘
No Mon, No Friends
No Prom Committee 'Sugar Blues'Band Say, What Is This? Retums To Play
For Union Formal
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Partly cloudy and colder today. Tomorrow, snow flurries in north.
Nobody took out a prom petition yesterday! Does this mean the end of campus politics or just the end of the Square Deal, All-Cam-pus, and Bona Fide parties? It couldn’t be the dollar fee? Maybe you don’t know where the Student Senate office is? But probably you don’t have 50 friends. Petitions will be available at the Student Senate office until 5 p. m. Friday. Elections will be December 12. Seven juniors will comprise the Prom committee while there will be six seniors on the Gala Week com-
mittee.
Ten Freshman Debaters Chosen For Coming Year Those surviving the fieshmen speech finals and scheduled for debate during the year are Raymond Todd, Gordon Belles, Robert B. Stecker, George Alward and William Etter. Still others on the frosh squad are Leo Standish, Seymour Udell, John Strange, Robert Skal- ‘ lerup, and David Hedden.
Clyde McCoy, “Sugar Blues” maestro and his nationally famous orchestra who presided over two Union sponsored dances last year, retums on Friday, Novemb^ 25 to play for this year’s Union anniversary dance. McCoy is now playing an engagement at the Trianon in Chicago. He will bring with him the three Bennett sisters, popular vocalists. The tickets, priced at $1.76, will go on sale to juniors and seniors today at 4 p. m. at the desk in the mam lobby of the Union Building. Jim Williamson, Union vice-presi-dent, announced that juniors and seniors are to bring their passports and sign for the tickets when they get them. The total sale of tickets will be limited. Any remaining after the sales to juniors and smiiors will be sold to the general student body on Friday. Students are requested to save the stubs on the tickets, as favors will be given for them. Both tails and tuxedos are appropriate for the evening.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
jf^UXiuJULi
Wednesdoyr November 16,1936
t
r
.-
Ri
For The Conference, ... on Contemporary Culture which opens tonight in the ballroom of the Union, Betty Elstun and Mary Cooley co-chairmen of the WSGA committee in charge have worked hard and long, inviting speakers and making arrangements for their visits and lectures. No small amount of money has been spent to acquire the benefits which thes^ people can offer to the Purdue co-eds. Pure gratitude alone might lead co-eds to the meetings Of the conference. But what is more important is the real value which contact with these important leaders . .. gives to all those who attend the meetings and listen to what they have to say. Not to cultivate Purdue co-eds was the conference originated, but to give them an interest or enlarge their knowledge of aspects of our American culture not emphasized in the vocational interests of our academic Work. The visiting speakers it is hoped will show us how our contemporary culture is devolping in their fields of knowledge. / That it is open primarily to co-eds may seem selfish on their part, but remember that space, time, and money limit even a conference. To give all co-eds a good opportunity to attend the meetings, so limited—products of co-ed time and eifort, the men of the campus had to be limited to the evening sessions preesnted in the ballroom and Fowler Hall. —F. S. McK.
Today again, the co-ed staff presents the Exponent. Each Waits... ... for the other. When is someone going to start the petitioning ball rolling? We hear rumors that some of our junior and senior politicians have 50 friends left who will sign their petitions; they wait only for the final casting of party lines. Where will be political powers that rolled
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as seeen’d elass matter at the post office in Lafayet^ Indiana, imder the act of Cotutrcsa of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108. act of October 8, 1017, authorized Jannary 20, 1922. PobUshed daily exe^t Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail Buiwcription $8.60. Editor-In-Chief. H. I. Stanbadc Business Manager ......R, R. Hensler PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor.— — !<. S. HarMn City Editor. D. A. BaUay Associate Editors....6. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, B. £. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Basiness Manager. .IL C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager. B. M. Antonini Circulation Manager. ..... W. F. Berg Sales Manager. — V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager. H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager —— .W. E. Smith Art Director. - JJ. J. Henninger SPORTS STAFF Editor. ... B. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard CO-ED STAFF Editor. ..Sally McKeo Associate liters — ....Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wlckaid EffllTORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students’ of Purdue University. ,A11 opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewimint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief. REeReSENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. ■ College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago ■ Boston ■ Los angelis - San Francisco
Sports Editor—Georgann Schilling Night Editor--Bailey Issue Editor—Joy Johnson Wednesday, November 16, 1938
the dice last year play in 1938. Will we have one, two or three, or even four parties ? Who will trade votes with whom ?
and „Jder
By Georgann Schilling
Cary Hall seems to be leading the social whirl in the number of engagements scheduled for the week at least as far as trade dinners are concerned. Last night the Northwest Hall ho3re had the Alpha Xis over for dinner, and tonight the Alpha Chis will go to West Hall for a trade dinner. Aso this evening the Chi O pledges will be entertained at the dinner hour by Terry House, one of the Cary Hall annexes. The Alpha Chi Rho-Pedalion trade dinner is the only other frat-ernity-sorority exchange planned for the week. —H-H— Dorothea Justin has a new and original radio program these days, broadcast every Monday at 4:16. The program is titled “Campus Personalities” and is composed of a series of interviews of campus shots, activities personalities, and interesting students. Fred Winter Debris editor, is next in the speaker’s line, so the next program should have “something.”
“A guy’s best pal is his dad”— well for this week-end anyhow. The campus will see many visitors on Friday evening and Saturday what with the Indiana football team, probably several thousand Indiana students, a number of our alums, and the dads who are within traveling distance all appearing. And Bernie Cummins for Friday night’s mixer means you should find someone to dance with over the week-end for his band is too good to miss. —H-H— SAE (which stands for Society of Automotive Engineers in case you are wondering as I did) is sponsoring a super-special auto show in the Armory opening Thanksgiving Day and continuing Friday and Saturday. Sam Marks and Bill Conron, who are planning the display, plan to have the show’s opening broadcast over WBAA oh Thursday. Some of Lafayette’s prominent auto dealers are furnishing the cars for the display.
Elliott To Speak Af Fellowship Banquet Clarence Elliott, student* secretary for the Indianapolis YMCA, will be the featured sppaker at the World Fellowship banquet tonight at 6 o’clock in the Lafayette Christian Church. All students from foreign lands are invited to be guests of the Purdue Christian Foundation, according to those in charge. This dinner is an annual affair planned for foreign students, and will take the form of an old fashioned covered dish dinner. Elliott is well known as a speaker, and is very active in student affairs. Last summer he toured Europe attending meetings of various youth organizations in France, England, and Czechoslovakia. Several musical numbers will be presented on the program.
Caro/ine Scoff... H. E. Young Speaks Af
Alpha Zeta Dinner
. . . Sc. ’40, was appointed by the Debris Board last night as the Junior co-ed editor, to replace Dorothy Johnson who has left school because
of ill health.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichly
“Mirrors of Hoosierland” was the subject of an address given last night by Prof. H. E. Young, leader of Farmers’ Institutes in Indiana, at the semi-annual initiation ban-
quet of the Purdue chapter of Alpha Hlllfa jTIl! Zeta, national agricultural honor- vill » s »
ary fraternity.
The 13 new members are Julius Denzler, George Foaster, Tom Glazebrook, Bob Hamilton, R. S. Harper, Vernon Hitchcock, Tom Munford, Don Paarlberg, D. D. Schinbeckler, M. E. Skinner, R. L. Smith, and Tom Weldon. Prof. James Hilton was named as an as-
sociate member.
The Civils may not have the cords but they have the Young trophy! Between 4:30 and 6 p. m. yesterday the plaque disappeared mysteriously from the ME Building and reappeared in the CE Building. The fellows will have us believe that the trophy just got up and walked away. Such nerve! Another civil engineer, Fuzzy H. thinks that the Purdue banner looks better in his room than on the roof of the Fieldhouse. A grade card, naming Betsy Palmer as its owner, was posted on the board in an English 19 class. The remark explaining the C plus grade said, “Chases too many Ag stu-
dents.”
Did you catch one yet, Betsy? Sig Pi “Waldo” Sherwood’s nocturnal visits to Frankfort (on love business) at last caught up with him. “Waldo” awakened about 3 a. m. Sunday morning and found himself well on the way to Chicago. He sheepishly informed the bus driver that he had passed his stop, and got off at the next available telephone. The two brothers who went after him are collecting a fund to provide “no sleep” pills for “Waldo” to
be used on future trips.
Can ..Debris business manager, “Bottle” Edwards explain.why the three Tulsa University co-eds did not show up for their dinner engagement at the Beta house? And he had rushed home from a conven-
tion just to play host!
Freshman Basic (eagerly): What would you do in time of war? Cadet Colonel (confidentially): I’d go to Doc Miller for an excuse. Dean Dorothy Stratton Discusses Yellow Slips With Co-ed Counselors Dean Dorothy Stratton addressed the meeting of the WSGA freshmen counselors held yesterday at 4 p.m. in the Chestnut Room of the Union on the subject of yellow slips. Dean Stratton suggested that the counselors question freshmen as to health, family relations, activities, financial worries, and study schedules. She urged counselors to have pupils employ tutors if at all possible. Counselors were asked to suggest a remedy for the causes. Yellow slips of the freshmen were distributed to the counselors and a plan outlined for finding the cause of delinquency and a remedy for it. Each counselor is to interview her freshman this week and submit a report of the interview to the office of the Dean before next Monday.
. . . social fraternity announces the election of the following ofiicers for the coming year: H. J. Simon, president; M. L. Stomm, vice-president; C. E. Cougill, secretary; M. A. Keller, corresponding secretary; and R. L. Lippman, sergeant-at-arms.
C»pr. im br'unll
“If Calvin had his way we’d have waited till he knew what the Administration was going to dp I"
Agricultural Instiiute Chooses J. C. Marquis As Vice-President J. Clyde Marquis, Ag ’04, was unanimously elected vice-president of the International Institute of Agriculture in Rome. Marquis, formerly of Madison and West Lafayette, was the only American representative at the Institute for the past three years. He is the first American representative to be selected for an elective office. Since his graduation. Marquis has been prominent in agricultural circles. He is a former editor of the Country Gentleman and was formerly a director of information for the Bureau of Agricultural Economics at Washington.
\MttNaU
— LAST DAY— ^ERROL FLYNN BEHEDAVIS
Tomorrow - Fri. - Sat. the Dionne Quintuplets in FIVE OF A KIND
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By LidMir
Cw- l*u ty VnlM natete Syndkata. 1b»
“Arbuckle always likes to wait and see what the other fellow’s going to bring out.’’
Foundation Leader Will Speak To Alumni Dr. Hiel Bollinger, national director of . Wesley Foundations, will speak at the annual Alumni Banquet, to be held by the Wesley Foundation on Saturday evening, November 19, at 6 o’clock. Dr. Bollinger was for eight years the Methodist Student Pastor at Purdue. The alumni from several states will return for this annual banquet. Tickets at 60 cents for alumni and 26 cents for seniors may be obtained at the Foundation office. E.C. Miller.... . . . of the chemical engineering school remained away from his office yesterday and Monday with a severe cold and severe sore throat. His condition remained unchanged last night.
11:00—Prof. Robert Phillips—Ameitcan Institutions. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12 :00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks. 12:16'—Sports Review—Dick Shively. 12 :30:—Luncheon Dance Time. 12 :46—Wanita Wilson—soprano. 1:00—Meditations—Rev. George Ritchey. 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 2 :00—Afternoon Musleale. 1:46—Market Reports. 1:30—Story Time. ‘ 2 :80—^The Home Decorator. . 2 :46—Hymn Echoes—Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 8 :00—Concert Review. 4:00—Contract Bridge Chats—iJulius Born. 4:16—Dick Curtner—pianist. 4:80—Purdue Round Table. 4:46—Story Book Hour.
LUMA — LASTDAY— BOB BURNS MARTHA RAYE DOROTHY LAMOUR IN “TROPIC HOLIDAY” — AND — WARNER BAXTER IN T’LL GIVE A MILLION”
Tomorrow-Fri.-Sat. JACK HOLT in ‘Crime Takes a Holiday” — AND— “Heart of the Rockies”
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
and “BLAZING BARRIERS” also “FLASH GORDON’S TRIP TO MARS” SERIAL
Thurs. - Fri. - Sat. “MAN FROM HELL’S EDGES”
“LAW OF THE UNDERWORLD’
‘ZORRO RIDES AGAIN”
^LAST DAY
DRAMA... 76rn From A Great Book!
— TODAY — A FIRST RUN MOVIE QUIZ PICTURE “BAREFOOT BOY” WITH Jackie Moran Marcia Mae Jones
STARTS TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
ihmmn
R.K.O RADIO PiCTUfU:
FIRST RUN
PRESTON FOSTER-PATRIOl^SlLis'%#■■■''' -■“ ',' ' . ^•■■' ' - - ' ■ ' ■ < 0 Wednesdciy. November 16,1638 THE PUBDUE §ptihi^ EXPONEE9T
a •
( I
Nov. 19 Deadline Set For Entries in Frat Squash Tournament Entry blanks for the fraternity squash tournament are due in the intramural office by Saturday, November 19, according to an announcement by Intramural Director M. L. Clevett. Each fraternity 4s urged to enter at least one threeman team in\ the competition. A practice schedule will be arranged as soon as entries are received. Medals and a trophy will be awarded to the winning fraternity. Twenty-five participation points for entering the tournament, five points to the winner, and three points to the runner-up are other awards offered. Information concerning practice periods will be sent out from the intramural office after entrie are received. Cross Country Meet Changed To Friday Purdue’s Big Ten Cross Country meet, originally scheduled for Saturday morning, November 19, will be held on Friday afternoon startsing at 3 o’clock, on the regular cross country course. The meet was changed to Friday at the request of contending coaches, so that the track men will have an additional day of rest before the National Collegiate Meet scheduled for November 21. Theta Xi... >. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Harold Lambertus of Indianapolis, and Charles Gibson ©f Chicago, 111.
Annua/Aquacade Will Offer Many Pompous Scenes By Phil Johnson Beautiful co-eds with stunning figures, handsome eds with hairy chests, strenuous swimming events, aquatic comedy, the latest styles in swimming togs; these and many other spectacular scenes will greet the patrons of the annual Aquacade which will be held in the Pleldhouse November 25 and 26. Added to the veterans of last year’s show are many newcomers to the limelight, several of whom are headed for great acclaim at the new show. Wimts Good Turnouts “Although we had a great show last year, the splendid enthusiasm and good turnouts by this year’s cast will insure a more interesting and exciting Aquacade than we have ever had in previous years,” optimistically remarked A1 Carr, who is in charge of production. The performance is built around the fantastic delusion of a beautiful mermaid, portrayed by Barbara Rhoderick, and her flashing hero, “Red” Lahey, who swims with dynamic power to win the big race and retain her good •will. Other highlights of the show will be the humorous comedy parts, the ’ water polo game, and the fancy diving exhibitions. Intramural Notices
TOUCHBALL Today Field Official 9—Phi Kappa Phi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Smithson 10— Delta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. McGrath 11— Ward 2 vs. Cary Hall 9. Berry 12— Cary Hall 10 vs. Ward 8. Xiuce
Backfield Veteran
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side of Square SHEAFFER, PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
Debris Picture Sittings
Pictures will be taken in the Union tower room at times shown below.
Wednesday, November 16 6 ;46—Brockway and Twin Pines 6 :B0—Ann Tweedale 7:00—Rochdale and Wesley Boys 7 :0B—Chauncey and Salisbury 7 :15—liuma and Maywood 7:20—Kagawa and Westminster 7:80—Sigma Delta Chi 7:86—Camera Club 7:4B—^Freshman Debate 7:60—Varsity Debate 8:00—Co-ed Debate 8:05—Activities Bureau 8:16—Reamers 8 ;20—Gimlet 8:80—Skull and Crescent 8:86—P.O.M.M. 8:46—Zouaves 8 :B0—Cosmopolitan
Appear promptly! Schedule must be maintained.
Thursday, November 17 6:46—Alpha Lambda Delta 6:60—^Eta Kappa Nu 7:00—AIEE 7:06—Phi Lambda Upsilon 7:16—Catalyst 7:20—AIChE. 7:80—AIChE. 7:86—Exponent Edit. 7:46—Exponent, Bus. 7:60—Pi Tau Sigma 8:00—Debris Edit. 8:06—Debris, Business 8:16—Debris Photo Staff 8:20—Union Workers 8:80—Union Workers. 8:86—Virginia C. Meredith Club 8:46—A.I.M.E. 8:60—Kappa Delta Pi 9:00—Omicron Nu 9:05—^Elxponent, Co-eds
"The Glory Belongs To Purdue"Speaking of Football But our Linen Supply Service belongs In every restaurant and eating house in West Lafayette. / Phone 2000 for Service
/
ielder’s... ... choice
Indiana’s captain, Paul Graham, 'has been a leader in the Hoosier attack for the past three years and will have his last chance to play with a winning Indiana team in the game against Purdue, November 19.
WAA News
The Annual Fall... . . . Sports Spread for WAA members and other co-eds interested will be held Tuesday, November 22 from 5 to 7 p. m. at the WAA cabin. Jean Campbell, Virginia Blank, and Ruth Wiley—all Sportswomen—are on the committee “in charge. Tickets go on sale today and may he purchased in the Main of^ce of the Women’s Gym. All those intending to go must buy their tickets before Monday November 21 at 4:30 Sophomores on the WAA Council will present a stunt which Ruth Swift is in charge of. Numerals will be presented to members of class teams and winners of tournaments. An official hike for points to the “Spread” will begin at 4:15 at the Women’s G3un. The All-Star Hockey Game ... . . .will take place on Saturday at 11 p. m. The teahis will be chosen by Miss Frazier, Jeanette Shaffer, and the class managers after the
By Georgann Schilling Our biographies of senior lettermen continue today with a few facts about a Chicago lad named Anthony Juafcay better known arOiund the campus and in athletic circles as just “Tony” ... a few minutes co^nversation with the young man and with several of his teammate convinced us that oratory is one of his favorite pastimes . . . some of the other Boileirmakers describe Tony as “second only to Franklin D.” when it comes to speech making. —^fc— Tony, along with his best buddy, Ted Hennis, played football for Lindbloom High School in Chicago before coming to Purdue ... he calls the DU house home here on the campus, and the little black cap he wears tells us at a glance that he is a Gimlet pledge . . . fullback is the position which Tony handles on the team although he has been crippled somewhat this year because of torn cartilages in his knee. —fc— Vice-president of the “P” Men’s Club is another title which Tony holds ... he also possesses ability as a wrestler and has seen action as a member of the Purdue squad . . . among the co-ed population of the campus Tony is not only popular for his athletic ability but also for his dancing skill ... he bashfully says he cannot dance to slow music, but his partners claim that he has rhythm be the melodies sweet or hot... he is one of the few campus eds able to dance the difficult Lugan Hop, a fast stepping, footmoving dance. —fc— Tony, who is a studious lad, says he is going to devote himself exclusively to his books as soon as football season is over... but knowing his popularity when it comes to dancing we doubt that “exclusive” phrase . . . you might watch for his number 48, spelled J-U-S-K-A.
practice games and will be announced in Friday’s Exponent. Speed Ball Championship . . . . . . game will be played Saturday at 10 a. m. Teams will be picked from Miss Frazier’s and Miss Knight’s classes.
lU Aerial Attack Worries Mat Coaching Staff Most 1 Last Night's Pradice SJressed Adequate Pass Defense As the hours pass by toward Saturday’s battle with the Hoosiers for the coveted Old Oaken Bucket, Coach Mai Elward and the Purdue coaching staff are becoming more and more pessimistic about the prospect of facing Indiana’s versatile aerial attack, which has been the most effective in the Big Ten in everything but scoring points. » The coaches have impressed on the Boilermakers the fact that the Hoosiers, despite the fact that they have won only one game, will present the most dangerous overhead game that Purdue has met this season.
Basketbati Enthusiasts To Start tntramural Piay With November Tourney Campus basketball enthusiasts will be afforded an opportunity to participate actively in their favorite sport when the Intramural department inaugurates the winter sport season with its schedule of practice periods for the competing fraternity basketball teams beginning Tuesday, November 22. Official competition will start the week of November 28 -with the league being divided into two sections. The upper bracket of the annual tournament will be composed of the 24 teams comprising the fraternities that stood highest in last year’s play.. From these, six teams will be chosen for the finals. The lower bracket will consist of the 10 fraternities which stood lowest in last year’s competition and two teams will be chosen from these for the final play-off. The intramural department requests that all entry blanks be subnfitted by Saturday, November 19. Big Ten Standings Minnesota 3 1 0 31 12 Wisconsin 3 1 0 64 39 Ohio State 3 1 1 80 33 PURDUE 2 1 1 25 14 Michigan 2 1 1 65 14 Northwestern 2 1 2 32 23 Illinois 1 3 0 26 61 Iowa 1 3 1 43 62 Indiana 1 3 0 9 27 Chicago 0 3 0 28 114
JiMSi M Second^
Mr. Merch&ni
As stated b'y a prominent Purdue University Official, the students at Purdue spend $6,000,000 a year. / Are you getting your share? ? REMEMBER—these same Students read the Exponent daily.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT BUSINGS PHONE 5038
In view of this fact Mai again spent a good deal of the practice session last night on pass defense. Although the Boilermakers, using a 2-2-1 defense with the center and fullback backing up the line, one halfback and the quarterback in the center zone, and the other halfback playing safety, have had less pass completions made against them than any other team in the conference; the Purdue gridders have yet to face a highly accurate forward passing show such as the Hoosiers are slated to put on Saturday. One of the Boilermakers’ strong points in combatting forwards has been the ability to intercept opponent’s tosses at critical times,! either to break up a strong defensive drive or to gain possession of the ball in scoring territory. Hoosiers Seek Revenge Indiana, with last Saturday’s conquest of Iowa as their lone entry on the black side of the ledger, will be fighting Saturday to redeem itself for the poor showing it has made this season. If the Hoosiers can trip their state rivals, they will consider the season anything but unsuccessful. The Hoosiers will be in the best condition for the Purdue game that they have been in since the Ohio State game at the first of the season. The return of Joe Nicholson, flashy sophomore pass-tosser, will increase the effectiveness of the Indiana passing attack. Returns To Action
Red Shackleton New Victor Records Released This Week
• 26094 Deep in a Dream Gardenias Skhmay Emits ^ • 26087 Bumble Bee Stomp Ciribiribin Benny Goodman • 26093 You Look Good to Me This Is Madness CTo Love Like This) Sammy Kaye • 26092 Blue Nightfall Two Sleepy People Jean Sabtrm and Lou Brings Orchestra THE FOSTER SHOP Side Sfimeif-
r
Seniors who have not chosen from the proofs the picture to appear in the 1939 Debris may do so today, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. The offices are open through the day until 9 p. m., but will be closed at 11 o’clock ^n Saturday mprning. One hundred and fifty have been scheduled to choose their pitcures but have not done so. Those failing to show up at the correct time may come any of the times specified above. Since this is the last opportunity to see proofs, it is imperative for all seniors to come in. Seniors who wish to go to Indianapolis for a sitting must come to room C of the'Vnion and make an appointment with the DexheimerCarlon representative. This must be done before Saturday noon, as the Dexheimer-Carlon representatives are leaving at that time. Unless arrangements are made with these representatives there will be no chance to get senior pictures in the Debris office. Hedderich, State 4-H Winner Will Attend Congress In Chicago Carolyn Heddei-ich of Camden, HE ’42, will attend the National 4-H Club Congress in Chicago from November 27 to December 2 as the winner of the state food preparation contest for 4-H Club girls. The princilpal part of her winning project consisted of planning and preparing 1,949 school lunches over a period of two school years for herself, her sister, and her two brothers. Carolyn has also won the Ball canning contest, several baking contests, and the Record of Achievement contest at the Indiana State Fair this fall. She did not accept the award given for her achievement at the fair in order that she could receive the award as winner of the food preparation contest.
Gimlet Club; Debris picture will be taken Wednesday, November 16, at 8:15 p. m. in the tower room. All members requested to be present. —SWAN. Horticultural Club: Meeting November 16, at 7 p. m. in Horticultural Building. —BLAKER.
Zouaves: All active members and pledges report to Union Wednesday, November 16, for Debris picture. —HURST.
Bowling Tournament: The following teams will bowl tonight, November 16, at 9 p. m.: Alpha Chi Omega vs. Pedalion. —STOCKER. Scabbard and Blade: Fledge meeting Thursday, November 17, at 7 p. m. in the Armory. All actives be present if possible. —HAMMER.
Sigma Delta Chi: Meet in room E of the Unibn at 5 p. m. Wednesday, November 16. Very important. —BAILEY.
Purdue Flying Club: Busniess meeting in the faculty lounge of the Union at 7:30 p. m., Thursday. November 17. Prof. K. D. Wood will not be able to address the club as planned. —CHEVEDDEN.
Agriculturist: Business staff meet in Agriculturist office in Union at 4 p. m. today, November 16. —^^WANSON. POMM: Picture in Formal Uniform Wednesday, November 16, 8:35 in tower room of the Union. —DONOVAN.
Skull and Crescent; Meeting at 8 p, m. Wednesday, November 16, in reception room of Union. Debris pictures will be taken at 8:30 p. m. —HALL. WSGA Sophomores: There will be no sophomore training school this week because of the Culture Conference. (11-19) —LEAMING. Purdue Flying Club: The Aeronlca is now in' first class condition and ready to fly. Will members please take pride in keeping it so 7 See Captain Aretz for instruction as to the care of the engine before flying. (11-17) —CHEVEDDEN.
Penalty Dates: During the present semester there are four penalty dates. They are November 28. 26, December 21 and January 6. These days represent the 24 hour periods before and after Thanksgiving Day
PIA: Meeting of all activity ' workers Wednesday, November 16, between 4 and 6:80 in the PIA office. Prospective workers invited to attend. —WELLS. Horseback Riding: All co-eds taking advanced, riding meet at Women’s Gym Wednesday, November 16, at-4 p. m. If weather is unfavorable, mgev Thursday, November 17, at 4 p. m. -KNIGHT. Cosmopolitan Club: Very important business meeting Wednesday, November 16, at 7:80 in room B of the Union'. Debris picture will be taken immediately after the meeting. All members are asked to arrange to pay their dues with the treasurer at or before the meeting. —AYASUN.
Library Locker Holders: Report to Librarian’s office, using card wired to your locker.
Lockers not reported by Dbceitober, 1 yWll be considered as not in use, and tpe loelt will be out off. (11-19) —HEPBURN. Foreign Students: Students of other lan^ are Invited to' attend the worU tiUo^bw banquet at the Lafayette Christiaii Cniirbn 'Wednesday, November 16, at 6 p. m> -hunter. WSGA Sophomores: There vriil WSGA Training School this week either' on 'Tuesday or Thursday due to the Conference on Contemporary Culture. (11-17) —LEAMING. Gimlet: Important meeting at Beta Theta Pi fraternity house today, November IS, at 6 p. m. Debris picture Wednesday, November 16, at 8:16 in tower room of the Union. BEAT INDIANA!!
Lutheran Student Association: Meeting in Faculty Lounge of Memorial Union Wednesday, November 16, at 4:30. —GRANNON.
Union Sophomores; My committee please meet in Union office Thursday, November 17, at 4 p. m. —KANY.
Pi Tau Sigma: Debris picture Thursday, November 17, at 7:60 p. m. in Union tower room. All members and fall pledges please be present. —HARVEY.
Tau Beta Pi: Important meeting for selection of pledges tonight, Wednesday, November 16, 7:30 p. m. at the Phi Kappa Psi house. —SMITH.
Exponent Business Staff: Debris pictures in tower room of Union Building at 7:46 p. m. Wednesday, November 16. —HENSLER.
Purdue Engineer: The following men report to Harris in the Engineer office Wednesday, November 16, at 4 p. m.: Hawkins, Shankland, Fox, Layson, Gale, Richardson, McElroy, Shooter, Fisher, Horth, and Botsford. —RICE. Poultry Club: Meeting at 4 :30 Thursday in the Poultry Building. All Ag students are invited. —JENKINS.
Recreational Swimming: No open swim for women on Thursday, November 17, on account of Culture Conference, o —YEAGER. NRoger Williams Club: There will be a meeting of all those who are interested in deputation work Wednesday at 7 p. m. at 140 S. Grant. —NELSON.
All Colors and Sizes of 1. £. S. Lamps SOUTHWORTH'S
Ag. Chem. Club: All Ag. Chemistry Club members please be present at the tower room of the Union at 9:10 p. m., Thursday, November 17, for Debris pictures. —MABY.
Catalyst Club: Initiation will be held at Delta Tau Delta fraternity, Wednesday,
You Can Always Find an I. E. S. Lamp to Suit You at H. G. “Deac” ReISNER
Wesley Foundation: Thanksgiving party, Friday, November 18, 7 :30 p. m. at Foundation. —McFADDEN.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Wednesday, November 16, in the Union Building at 7:30. Business elections of officers. Bring dues. —WADLEIGH.
Eta Kappa Nu: Formal pledging Wednesday, November 16, in room A of the Union at 7:80. —KECK.
Independent Staff: Staff meeting tonight
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
Eyes Like These Need Your Help!
Classitied Mds
FOR SALE
TAILS OR TUXEDO for sale. Cheap. Phone 65634. FOR SALE—Battery for Model A Ford. Fully guaranteed 22 mos., including free recharging. L. Teel. 3997.
MISCELLANEOUS TTPB'WRITBIRS—AU foakea, •teadud and portable, aold, pnrehased, rented and repaired. New Portable macUnee as low aa $29.76. SnppUes. C. F. Kbetahoff, 6K Main street. .
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• fewelers
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Building 4th and Mam Phone 5701
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Florists
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
ROTH FLORIST 635 main street Phones 7955—8050
• Bookstores
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
• Tailor
Here*8 a Light-Conditioning Program for Sight Protection THE RIGHT KIND OF LIGHT
Better Sight Lampe arc made In a range of styles so that you can usa bettor light ovarywhera you use your ayes. Tha tags these modem lamps carry are a certiftcation. that they are built to tha speeiAcations of tha Illuminating Engineers Society — your assurance that they furnish the kind of light that treats eyes Idndly. Put them at all the "seeing spots" in rour home.
AMOUNT OF LIGHT Use bulbs that ars big snough for your seeing Job — under-sized bulbs moan over-worked eyes. And It’s convenient to keep a supply on hand for replacoments, to keep every light socket filled. Use good Mazda bulbs to get your money’s worth of light — all the light that the size of bulb can give you. Light is cheap — and eyesight is priceless.
“LIGHT-CONDITION” Your Home for Eye Comfort and Beauty ^ Good sight depends a lot on lighting. Youff home lighting can either hdp the eyes to see without effort or it cen make seeing dllRcult. And eyestrain, perhaps permanent damage te young eyes, is often a penalty of bad lifting* Fortunately, good lighting is neither complicated nor expensive — far cheaper, indeedf than possible damage to eyes. Better Sight Lamps are not only easy to buy, but die new models are so attractive that they add real beauty to your home. Light sockets filled with the right-sized Mazda bulbs mean comfort and convenience all over your home. Stop in at your dealers* or our showrooms and find out how easy it is to **light-condition’* your home. Tune in "THE HOUR OF CHARM" / Phil Spitalny's All-Girl Orchetirs and Dorothy Thompson NBC Rtd Network, Monday Evenings at 8 P.M.