i J
®ltc Puriue TSxpanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
vomME xLvm
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1936
NUMBER 07
Dr. O’Brien To Talk At Convo Tomorrow SDX To Give Reception For Noted Journalist Following Address “Our Experiments In President Making” will be the subject of Dr. Robert Lincoln O’Brien's convocation address tomorrow night in Eliza Fowler Hall, instead of the subject, “Our International Trade Polic3r” as originally announced. Dr. O’Brien has received four D. Litt. degrees from prominent eastern universities and colleges and was at one time personal secretary to Grover Cleveland. He is now chairman of the United States Tariff Commission, to which he was appointed in 1931. Members of Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, will give Dr. O’Brien a reception immediately following the convocation. Dr. O’Brien will also give an informal lecture concerning problems of tariffs and foreign trade Friday morning at 11 in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall to all students and others interested in government and economics.
Auto Crash Fatel To Two Local Grocer, Girl Die As Car Telescopes Into Truck In an accident one and a half miles north of Templeton on U. S. 62, Ray R. Gingrich, 42, and Miss Martha Palmer, 108 North seventh street, were killed at six o’clock Tuesday morning. They were^ headed for Chicago when the car, running at high speed, crashed into the back of a stalled truck and telescoped beneath it. The driver of the Ziffrin company truck, Harry W. Hancock, stated that while he was changing a tire on the tractor, he heard a screech of brakes and then the crash. Immediately a fire started, but he quickly put it out with a fire extinguisher. Hancock said that he had placed flares and lanterns in both the front and rear of the truck and had his headlights burning. Coroner Harry Comley of Benton county said that the flares, lanterns and headlights were still burning when he arrived at the scene. One flare was 72 feet behind the truck. The bodies were taken to Fowler till after the report of the Coroner. Then the body of Gingrich was sent to Dayton and that of Miss Palmer was taken to the home of her father in Owensboro, Kentucky. Gingrich had been in the grocery business with his brother and with his father before the latter’s retirement in 1927.'^ The partner-vic-tim was in charge of the meats and dairy products departments of the stores. Wayne and Elwin, Gingrich’s two sons, both enrolled in the University, are members of the Sigma Nu fraternity.
Co-eds Will Sing Carols An informal groqp of co-eds will sing Christmas carols at the Children’s Home and various other places in Lafayette and West Lafayette, Thursday, December 17. Co-eds who are interested in singing with the group should be at the Y. W. C. A. office at 7 p. m.
REGISTRATION WORK
Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the second semester registration, February 2 and 3 are requested to leave their names at the Registrar’s office before the Christmas holidays. Students who have worked at previous registrations or have had office or clerical experience are preferred. STONE, Registrar.
Poor Attendance Is Makings O^clock Lecture Extinct At Queen ^s Ontario
By Mary Cooley
In spite of the 800 miles which lay between us and Purdue University on our vacation, our interest in universities was aroused at sight of the picturesque beauty of Queens University, at Kingston, Ontario. Curiosity would not permit us to merely pass through this great educational center with admiring glances for the beautiful vine-cov-ered grey stone buildings styled aftter European architecture; we desired to learn something of the qourses, activities, and student life of a Canadian university. The young woman registrar laughed as she began answering our varied questions by telling us that the erection Of the church-like campus buildings of Kingston limestone, the pride of the region, had proved more costly than importing Indiana limestone would have been. Queen’s University offers degrees in applied science, medicine, theology, and arts to men students. The six-year medical course, to which only a small number of applicants are admitted because of the limited facilities, is administered by one of the best among medical schools in North America. Women students confine their educational pursuits to the School of Applied Arts. 8 O’clocks Unpopular To our untrained eyes student life on this campus did not appear to differ radically from American college life. Classes are held between the hours of 8 a. m. and 5 p. m.; morning hours are usually devoted to lectures, while afternoons are occupied with labs, seminars, and discussion groups. Here the registrar commented, however, that the 8 o’clock lectures were very unpopular; in fact, the poor attendance even by the professors was gradually making this class hour a thing of the past. Students and instructors unanimously agree that it’s much too early. 1600 Students The academic year extends from September through May; there is also a six weeks’ summer course which draws a good many teachers and graduate workers. The winter enrollment last year was the summer course attracted 1,000. Queen’s University is an institution partly endowed by the provincial government, and partly supported by student fees. Special students, that is, those not taking work in pursuit of a degree, have difficulty
enrolling in this school. To be admitted they must satisfy the faculty as to their ability to profit by the course to which they seek admission.
Activities
Freshman women are required to live in the women’s dormitory, that accomodates 170 girls. There are no social fraternities or sororities at the university; this condition is set up by a resolution of the Senate. During the winter session women students wear academic gowns to
lectures.
Campus activities are not so widely varied as we find on American campuses. The entire student body composes the Alma Mater, an organization for student government. A dramatic society provides the most popular student extra-curricu-lar work. Athletics play a prominent part; the Queen’s rugby team is famous among Canadian university leagues. Co-eds are active in swimming, tennis, and ice-hockey. In editorial and literary directions, students apply themselves to publishing the Queen’s Journal twice a week. Their senior yearbook, the “Tri-Color,” is also the product of a student staff. The most unusual sights we observed were several groups of students studying with books and notebooks as they lounged on the campus lawns overlooking Lake Ontario. By no possible stretch of the wild imaginations could we picture any one or any group of our University classmates in a like attitude, trying to look over his lessons “On the Banks of the Wabash.”
Glee Clubs, Choir Sing Soloists Featured In Oiristmas Cantata ‘The Birth Of Christ’ Members of the University and Concert Choirs and the Glee Clubs opened the annual Christmas Convocation, held last night at 8 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall, with the processional, “Joy To The World.” The Concert Choir marched down the middle aisle with a chorus of 90 men and 90 women entering on either side. From 8 to 8:16 both the audience and choirs participated in a carol sing which featured a viola obligato and antiphonal singing by the choruses. “The Birth Of Christ,” a cantata by Alfred Wooler, was presented by the University Choir with the assistance of the Glee Clubs and featured the following soloists: Mary Friend, Catherine Davis, Charlotte Friend Stewart, sopranos; Arsene Summers, alto; Mardis Compton, Harold Schulte, Paul Worcester, tenors; John Brubaker, baritone, and Tom Stephenson, bass. “Silent Night” hummed by the choirs and the refrain picked up by a string ensemble from the University Orchestra was the recessional concluding the program. Recordings of Christmas carols were amplified from outside Eliza Fowler Hall both preceding and after the program. The string ensemble played inside of the hall from 7:40 to 8 o’clock. Approximately thirteen hundred people attended the convocation which was under the direction of Albert P. Stewart.
Lull Issues Call For New Debaters P. E. Lull, director of forensic activities, issued a call last night for all men interested in second semester debating to meet in room 301 of University Hall at 4 o’clock Friday afternoon. The meeting is merely to acqaint new men with the activities of the debating squad, and there will be no formal speaking by applicants. The second semester squad will engage in three tournaments; the Manchester tournament in February, the Delta Sigma Rho debates in March, and the Big Ten Contest on April 9 and 10. During the year they will also meet individual teams in debates over the country.
Acacia Acacia Fraternity announces the initiation of B. E. Petry, P. W. Homrighous, R. N. Whiting, J. P. Taylor, and R. L. Morris.
Boilermakers Meet Butler Bulldogs Tonight In Jeff Gyi
Lambertmen Seeking Revenge For Last Year’s Defeat At Hands Of Indianapolis Foes
Purdue Sines ....
young F Seward C Malaska G Downey G
PROBABLE LINEUP
Position Butler F Gerkensmeyer
Overman Merrill Fawcett Petroff
llOOAddedTo Library Prize Winterrowd Contest Now Offers 3 Awards Prizes of $65 and $35 will supplant the former single $100 award in the annual Winterrowd contest for senior libraries next spring. The announcement was made recently by Dr. H. L. Creek, head of the department of English and chairman of the judging committee, after receiving word of the new second prize from the contest sponsor, W. H. Winterrowd, ’07, vice-president of the Franklin Railway Supply Company, Chicago. The division of the prize has been made in order to encourage interest in the contest. Any senior may enter his library, for there are no restrictions as to field of interest covered, cost of collection, or number of volumes.
OFFICIALS—^Referee, Feezle, Indianapolis; Umpire, Kearns,
DePaul.
Purdue’s basketball speedsters will receive their severest test of the season to date here tonight when they meet Butler in a renewal of the hard-fought series between the two Hoosier rivals. Although Butler has launched its season none too auspiciosly, the Bulldogs have i^mably risen to the heights
against Purdue, and last year, in a similar situation, defeated the Boil-
ermakers at Indianapolis, 41-39. In an effort to turn the tables on
Butler tonight, Coach Ward Lambert expects to stick to the same lineup that has been victorious over Western State and Bradley Tech in
its two starts this season. Less than 100 seats were avail-
able for the game at the close of the ticket office last night, indicating a
complete sellout by game time.
Pi Kappa Alpha Pi Kappa Alpha announces the initiation of C. C. Schmuck, Jasper; C. G. Purvis, Glennville, Ga.; R. J. Sutherlin, Coatesville; R. B. Lord, Plainfield, N. J.; and H. Stone, Syracuse.
Did Fimdly Crash The Exponent Much To My Surprise-Says Arnold Bennett Understudy
By Effie Smith
Did arise upon the jarring summons of my alarm clock, which I had carelessly put under my pillow the night before. Whereupon, having been rudely awakened, I did alight from my top berth, shake the girl beneath me, and go to my room. There I did sit and contemplate putting on my robe and slippers. Having made up my mind, I did stumble down the
dorm stairs and proceeded to massage my teeth with a tooth brush and wipe some of the sleepy look off my face wdth a wash rag. Decided to go to my 8 o’clock after all, so dressed and entered the dining room, where a goodly number of sisters were gulping coffee and downing muffins. Then I betook myself to the palace of education, where I did hear Professor Trimble expound on the mysteries of psychology. Decided to go to my 9 o’clock, too, so I strolled to the Recitation Building, where I heard in history class a seemly discussion of Edward VIII and said Mrs. Simp-
son.
To The Sweet Shop Then with a sightly number of people I traversed the campus to the Sweet Shop, where with numerous personages I partook of cokes and much gossip. The air being vety thick with much smoke, we cut our way through into the realm of Dame Nature and did hie ourselves away to our 11 o’clocks, where we listened quite heartily to Professor McKee shaming the editors of the Saturday Evening Post.
Then home to lunch, where all the sisters gobbled heartily of tuna fish salad and did speak of encouraging news from home and boy friends, as revealed by the morning post.
Did Repeat Performance
Back to the campus and upon entering the portals of the library, met with an erring friend, who did persuade me to err, too, so we tripped to the Union. About 2 o’clock we decided to return to the portals of the library anon, but met with more coke drinkers and so stayed until 3.1 did marvel at the conversation stimulus that mere cokes could have on a goodly number of people in one small Sweet Shop, booth. At 3 we, with much restraint, forsook our friends to enter ag;ain the library doors, but were detained by the sight of a number of young engineers scattered over the campus seriously peering through transits. Did then decide it too late to study, so with some of the various sisters migrated to the Sweet Shop, where upon each collected an unwary male
to carry her books home.
Vallely Chosen
Union Head
Elected To Preside At The Next Annual Na-
tional Convention
Lloyd M. Vallely, manager of the Purdue Memorial Union, has been elected to preside over the next annual convention of the Association of College Unions at Saturday’s session of this year’s convention which was held last week at the University of Texas, in Austin, Texas. Representatives of the University at the convention included Vallely, J. H. Shoemaker, Student Union president; and W. Scholer, Student
Union executive.
Vallely, in expressing his appreciation for the honor bestowed upon him by the 57 delegates representing nearly 30 colleges from Rhode Island to Colorado and from Florida to Toronto, Canada, stated that the Texas convention had been the most enjoyable and profitable to him in
several years.
Musham, Randolph Win Awards At Tan Beta Pi Meeting W. C. Musham, junior in the school of mechanical engineering, was named Wilbur Scholar at the monthly dinner meeting of Tau Beta Pi, national honorary engineering honorary society, which was held last night at 6 o’clock in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. The Wilbur Scholar award is made annually to the junior initiated into Tau Beta Pi in the fall semester who has the highest scholastic average. J. M. Randolph, sophomore in the school of chemical engineering, who had the highest average of any of the freshmen in the engineering schools last year, was given the freshman scholarship award of a slide rule. Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the school of chemical engineering addressed the meeting on the subject of “Engineering Experiences,” telling the group of his experiences in South America and illustrating his lecture with slides.
Chi Epsilon Chapters To Meet Here Thirteen Universities Will Be Represented At Conclave Chi Epsilon, national civil engineering honorary, will hold its biannual National Conclave here Friday and Saturday, December 18,19. The meeting is for the transaction of the honorary’s business. Besides the Purdue chapter there are chapters at the following institutions; Armour, California, Colorado, Cornell, M. I. T., Pennsylvania State, Southern California, Wisconsin, Texas, and Missouri. One delegate from each chapter ifrill attend, and the meeting will be directed by five members of the Supreme Council, which is composed of professors in the institutions. The opening meeting on Friday night is to be in the form of a smoker, while the business is to be taken up on Saturday. The schedule of meetings, as announced by W. H. Keenan, president of the Purdue chapter, is as follows: December 18, 7:30 p. m.— Smoker in faculty loimge. Memorial Union Building. December 19, 9:30 a. m.—^Business session in faculty lounge; 11:30 a. m. — Inspection tour of Testing Laboratory; 12:30 noon—^Luncheon in the Union Cafeteria; 2:00 J). m.—EBusiness session in the faculty lounge; 6:00 p. m.— Banquet in the reception room; 8:30 p. m.—^Bowling on the Union alleys.
Reception Planned For Convo Speaker Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalistic fraternity, will hold a reception for Robert L. O’Brien famed journalist and chairman of the United States tariff commission, following his address at the University convocation tomorrow night. Clifford M. Hardin, president of Sigma Delta Chi, will preside over the function which is to open to the student body.
Senate Rules On Absentees Office, Box To Receive Student Criticism Disregarding the lack of a quorum stipulated by the constitution Of the Student Federation for enacting legislation, the Student Senate passed several proposals at a meeting in the Memorial Union Building last night. Rohyan’s motion that a senator be expelled after two consecutive unexplained absences and another senator appointed by the president with the approval of the Senate, was passed unanimously; Farquharson’s motion that the Senate office be kept open from 4 to 5 o’clock in the afternoon after January 4 to receive student suggestions or student grievances and Ohaveris motion that a box be placed in the Memorial Union' Building for depositing similar criticisms were also unanimously carried. Stadium Jams Relieved Prof. Robert Phillips’ suggestion^ that the Senate do something to relieve jams at the stadium gates was discarded, as the situation has since been remedied by the athletic department. Ohaver, Esterline, and Loehr w«ee appointed as a committee for investigatiug possibilities of instituting a student honor system on the University campus. Farquaharson’s motion that a co-ed be soleeted as queen of Junior Prom was passed with two dissenting votes. President Martin was elected to attend the confermice of the National Student Federation of America in New York the latter part of this month if the Senate’s budget allowed the expense necessary for the trip.
W. A. Smith Elected Ta Cornell Honorary William A. Smith, formerly of the University faculty, was elected to the Cornell University chapter of Phi Kappa Phi, national honorary Scholastic society, for bis work in educaton.
Correelio]i The faculty has adopted the proposed change in commencement, placing it on the Sunday before the Tuesday oh which it is usually held instead of Saturday as was stated in yesterday’s Exponent,'■> (Vfl\ ■f' , fs
t I
f I’
P»it<elVo
THE PURDU^J EXPONENT
Wednesday. December 16,1936
Time Marches On
The time has come for the student’s annual complaint against instructors who keep them in class long after the bell has rung. University authorities have decided that 50 mmutes is long enough for one class period—-that is why the bell rings after the class has been in session for that length of time. And they have also decreed that the interval between classes shall be ten minutes. Yet individual instructors often choose to take matters into their own hands. They have not planned class sessions well enough to include all the scheduled work within the allotted time, and so they must keep their students after the bell has rung to give them some hasty, last minute instruction, causing them to be late for their next class. What makes the situation even more a source of irritation is the fact that many of these instructors referred to above are more than arbitrary when it comes to the student taking more than the allotted time to do his work. One instructor, noted for the length of his after-the-bell lectures, “docks” several points from the grades of reports submitted one-half minute after they are due. If an instructor who has been working at the same job for several years is unable to plan his work so that he can dismiss his class when the bell rings, is it reasonable for him to expect his students, relatively unfamiliar with their work, to plan it so exactly that they can always submit their reports the minute they are due? But this article is not written to advocate leniency for those who submit their work late—it is written to get instructors to dismiss their classes on time. Other offenders, as annoying as those who lecture after the bell has rung, are those who wait till two minutes before the bell to give their daily tests. The average student has little chance of completing his work on these “dailies” correctly in the two minutes that remain, and is compelled to work on after the bell has rung and take his chances on being late for his next class, in order to do satisfactory work on the “daily.” Many students are caused to be late to military classes through either one of these causes and run the risk of being assigned demerits. Instructors in the military department are inclined to be lenient when students offer one or the other of these causes as reasons for tardiness, but they have their orders. And a compliment for them — military instructors as a rule are far more reasonable about dismissing their classes on time than those of any other department. Instructors in classes following those of “late dismissers” have a perfect right to be annoyed at the situation. If students walk into a class singly and in groups till it is half over, much of the class’s time is wasted by them finding their places, removing their coats, and catching up with the lesson. .—J. E. B.
Goodbye, Victorianism With the destruction by fire of the famous Crystal Palace, 1,400-foot long monument to the Victorian era in London, another reminder of that age passes into oblivion. One by one through accidents or through economic progress the remaining marks of the age when domestic affairs were the chief concerns of Women have been destroyed. “The wretched frivolity and the levity of the views of the higher classes,” as expressed by the moralists of that time, are now accepted by most people as the normal. Why not ? If more economic goods can be produced when women work, shouldn’t they be allowed to take a place in industry beside men ? The wealth of any group consists of the goods which it possesses. Still there are those who say, “Give me the good old days.” Would these same people trade their present clothing for those cut the same style and costing as much as those of the 1880’s? Would they trade the modem methods of living for the disutility of the living of the latter part of
^urbue exponent
Foiinded in 188S
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 MADtsON Ave. NewYork. N.Y. Chicago • Boston . San Francisco . L.OS ANGELES - Portland ■ Seattle Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, In> diana. Delivered by mail, 88.60 per year; delivered by carrier, 82.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents, UAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Snsiness Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087 Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Editor-in-chief Ifanasing Editor. „ . Associate Editors Sophomore Assistants
EDITORIAL STAFF
.. W. T. Hunt ..E. H. Morris
K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster,
IL P. Manion, 0. L. Sadler
W, M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Clmpin, 3. R. Clark, L. S. Hardin, A. B. KeUer, E. H. KeUogg, K. B. O’Neil, C, D. Schroeder, H. L Stanb^, D. R. Vance.
Editor. Aaaoeiate Editors Advertisins Manager.
WOMEN’S STAFF
.Helen Creech
......—Jeanne janousek, Doris McCartney,
Elizabeth Pyke ....Betty Barnett
BUSINESS STAFF Easiness iltaamgtr — ——■ National Advening Manager Local Advertising Manager...... Circulation Manager—...
R. J. Hulse .........L. H. Brown D. C, Miller J. P. Girard
Sports Editor.
SPORTS STAFF
Associate Spo^ Editors—.
JU D. Wood
W. H. Fliisld, 8. E Griffithii.
R. F. Obenebain
the nineteenth century? If they were asked to do this, the greater number of them would say that they would, but the inconvenience of returning to the old style of living would be too great. All these improvements by science and in the thinking processes of people make this a better world. Hiding the truth under a bushel basket and speaking of it in whispers are about as useful as the ostrich’s method of hiding itself. The direct methods of the present day may not spare some people, hut they tend to accomplish more than the round about ways of the last two decades of the nineteenth century.—D. R. V.
Wasted Literary Effort As usual in any affair attracting nationwide interest, the omnipresent American lobbyist tried to exert his influence in the selection of the All-America Football Team for 1936. Friends, alumni, and especially college press agents sent letter after letter of recommendation for the home town star end and for the triple-threat halfback from dear old alma mater to members of the All-American board. But unlike legislators, the men on this board had no constituents to please, they were not looking forward to reelection. Aside from Christy Walsh, who has gained a noteworthy reputation as a sportswriter, the board consisted of coaches of leading gridiron elevens of the nation—Glenn Warner, of Temple; Howard Jones, Southern California; Elmer Layden, Notre Dame; and Frank Thomas, of Alabama. They were men of too much experience both with football players—“Pop” Warner has been coaching for more than 40 years —and with press agents to be swayed in their judgment by high pressure publicity. Two points, in particular, emphasize the impartiality of the All-America board. First, despite the fact that they coached strong football teams this season, not one of the four coaches recommended one of his own players for a position on the mythical eleven. Secondly, although no press agent had highly publicized the feats of Ryan, of Utah—no member of the board even knew his first name— and although there were many outstanding halfbacks over the nation, the judges selected the Utah boy on basis of his enviable record during the season and of the endorsement given him by coaches who had seen him in action.—R. P. M.
Readers’ Opinions The Exportent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers
iBsne Edltoro
-B. H. KeUogg
No Siree! To the Editor; Purdue University is a great educational institution. Not only does it teach its students something about engineering and agriculture and lots of other things, but it also teaches them in which seat to sit. In certain courses at the University this latter point seems to be even more strongly emphasized than the subect matter of the course. Several counselors for freshmen offer interesting facts to prove this. One tells about a freshman engineer who was making A’s in all his courses except surveying in which he had been awarded a yellow slip. The boy seemed very intelligent and a hard worker. The reason for his single yellow slip would be amusing if it didn’t disclose a deplorable condition. He came to a surveying test a few minutes late and found his assigned seat occupied. He was only a freshman and hadn’t yet learned of the arbitrary procedure of this course; he sat in another seat and wrote out his test. When the test papers wore returned, he was pleased to note that he had answered all the questions correctly, but was dismayed to discover that the grade of 100 per cent which had at first graced the paper had been crossed out and a zero written in its place. When he asked the instructor for an explanation of his unique grading system he was told that that was what he got for sitting in the wrong seat—yaaaah! Another freshman tells of his experience in a surveying test. He was told to answer the odd numbered questions of a series, but became confused and answered the even ones instead. Now that was a serious and blameworthy mistake, but the fellow was hardly prepared to find a zero on his paper when it was returned, especially as all the answers he had given, even if they were to the wrong set of questions, were in themselves correct. And he was denied a chance to make up the test. Well, good for the instructors in surveying. A few more opportunities like this and you’ll teach these freshmen what they’re actually coming to the University to learn. They’ll soon know that they’re not coming to college to learn engineering or surveying or any of those purely academic things—^they’re coming to college to learn what seat to sit in and what questions to answer. They can’t get away with that stuff!—J. E. B.
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus activity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections* 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary teefSf I ,
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
FORTUNE, Chem instructor, took a picture not long ago in one of his labs and he promises to produce this picture in one of his near future classes—^it will be conclusive evidence, he says, of the only time during the semester’s work that the halfback and costume winner, IPPOLITO, was not hanging around or being hung around by Chi O, MARION WHITE, during lab periods etc LOUISE HANLEY, whose man (SHOEMAKER) was in Texas attending the Union convention, got the only letter that she sent him back the other day with “Addressee has left the named address”—you can’t blame JIM for not accepting the letter while there were southern babes to be had . . . WATCH FOR IT A NEW AND DIFFERENT MARS CONTEST WILL BE ANNOUNCED SOON EXTRA, EXTRA Famous horseman and play-boy, WALTER BURNELL, member of Kappa Sigma Fraternity, and Yell leader was thrown from his animal while riding in the vicinity West of the city Sunday morning. His fair companion, Miss RUTH CHRISTOPHERSON, recovered the bad actor for him, while he (BURNELL) stood on top of a hill and gently mused about the affair in his usual manner of soft-spoh.Ji words . . . If you wish to win a co-ed’s heart your money will soon part. . . The Thetas have placed DARREL TERPE, beta soph, on their black list for very obvious reasons—^it is understood that TERPE stood one of their memberhood up last Saturday night, and gave no excuse for the action—^the thetas claim that even a swell automobile like he has isn’t enough enticement to get away with something like that—^what has this guy TERPE got that we don’t know about—by the way the gal was snippy VIV PHELPS—can you blame him ???... Now I lay me down to rest Before I take tomorrow’s test; If 1 should djie before I wake, Thank gosh, I’ll have no test to take. —Student Life. Not long ago ALICE PARLON, theta’s poisonality girl, was yelling because HARVEY CLINE wouldn’t treat her to a dinner at the Fowler Hotel as their election bet specified —now that HARVEY is all thrilled and wants to pay off, ALICE has turned chicken and won’t present herself for payment . . . A girl hungry for the affection of love will swallow anything . . . JUANITA JULIAN is my nomination for the champion in any husband calling contest (that is if she can only get herself a husband) —she stood on one side of State street Saturday afternoon and yelled so loud at GERTIE SCHMIT that everyone within two blocks stopped to listen to cross examination of GERTIE concerning the reason for GERTIE’S absence from a pledge meeting at the ALPHA CHI House . . . The little stunt pulled by the Kappas last Friday when the “Pin Takers” took the fraternity pins of four girls whose b, f.s hadn’t poped for the candy up to that date was very successful—of course the said candy was only hardtack, etc., but the sentiment was the same? ? . . . A bore is a one that makes you listen when you want to talk. —^Ling Po.
Tt’s your pancakes, all right—^the chef spilled the batter over the top of the stove.”
PI A Will Sponsor Christmas Dance; Bud Bryant To Play P. I. A. will hold its annual Christmas dance Friday evening, December 18, from 9 until 12 o’clock in the Memorial Union ballroom. Bud Bryant and his popular campus band, featuring Jo Friend as vocalist, will furnish the music. Barbara Sweeney and Robert Schlunt, social chairmen, have invited a number of guests and chaperones. P. I. A. members and their dates will be admitted to the dance upon presentation of their membership card. The dance, which is the last P. I. A. social affair for the year 1936, will not be formal.
ARC LAST TIMES TODAY KICHABD DIX and KAREN MORLEY in “Devil’s Squadron” and EDWARD EVERETT HORTON — and — LOIS WIU30N “Your Uncle Dudley”
Home Economist Addresses Co-eds Dr. Marietta Eichelberger, home economist and member of the Irradiated Evaporated Milk firm of Chicago, lectured to the freshman home economics survey class yesterday morning. During the day she talked to various other classes in the Home Economics Building. She advocates a combination of courses in nursery school and institution management as'an aid to all home economists. As a former teacher she said that she had found teaching helpful in other fields of work.
Because 76 members of last year’s freshman class at Massachusetts Institute of Technology were taken forcibly to the institute’s cabin at Lake Massapoag and held there in chains overnight. Dr. Karl T. Compton, president, and the student body have taken joint action to abolish wholesale kidnapings of freshmen.
FAMILY LAST TIMES TODAY
Double Feature
JANE WITHERS in “PEPPER” — and — JACK HOLT in “CRASH DONOVAN” Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday JANE HARWELL in “Laughing at Trouble” — and — “Ghost Town Gold”
LUMA LAST TIMES TODAY MARTHA HAVE
in
A k<USICAL MATRIMONIAL MiXijPl Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday MARY ASTOR in “Lady From Nowhere” — Uldi>— JEAN MUIR in “Fugitive From the Sky”
Hass Speaks To Hilinois Society On Research Professor H. B. Hass, director of research in the department of chemistry, addressed the Illinois section of the American Chemical Society at the University of Illinois there last night on “Syntheses From Saturated Hydrocarbons.” Dr. Hass described the research work carried on by members of the department of chemistry here in cooperation with the Research Foundation.
A beet harvesting machine, tested jointly by the University of Southern California, Davis branch, and the United States department of agriculture is “tops.” The machine is capable of pulling the beets, topping them, and delivering them to waiting trucks.
The first perfect relief map of West Virginia, produced after 36 years of research by the state geological survey, is now on display at Oglebay hall of West Virginia University.
MARS LAST TIMES TGDAY
HILARITY . reigns;^ SUPREME!#
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday LEO CARRILLO NINO MARTINI IDA LUPINO in “The Gay Desperado”
KffiN
FINAL TODAY
KAY'a . CLOAKED IN GREATNESS AS THE FIRST 'WOMAN IN WHITE" Kay Francis ^■l.onl:^(:I^ M(,nTiN(,Ai,i:i„ ''THE ' WHITE ANGEL "“>■ IAN HUNTER - V r Wpods> NiqpMSr.uco • Donald tf. CrispaHonry O Notll • Billy Mquch *
THURS. - PRI. - SAT. First Lafayette Showing Onu of histoiy*# biggest thrills I
Heathor Angel John Curradlne ’ Ralph ForbezA
V
W ediiesdayi^ Beceiriber 16,1986
i ^
%
'- t , ^ t s:i^ #"
THE l»URt>UE EXPONENT
j « ; vl
Theta Chi Takes First In Greek Swim Meet
Kappa Sigs^ Pi Kapps Runner-Ups; Phi Belts Put Out Of Race By Ineligihility
Theta Chi fraternity captured the interfratemity swimming crown late yesterday afternoon by winning three firsts, two seconds and as many thirds in the two-day meet held in the Memorial Gymnasium pool, giving them a total of twentyeight points. Next in line were the Kappa Sigs with twenty-two points while third place was held by the Pi Kappa Phi fraternity with fourteen points. Several of the events created a good deal of excitement when the men finished within a second or two of each other. In the medley relay the Theta Chis finished one hundredth of a second ahead of the Kappa Sigs. Phi Belt Ineligible In the early stages of the meet, the Phi Belts were among the leaders but were ^ut out of the running when Farwell was declared ineligible. Monday afternoon the 100-yard free style, breast, back stroke, and 160-yard relay raees were swum off. The remainder of the events were held yesterday. Medals And Trophies Medals were given to the indivi-
dual winners and the trophy went to the Theta Chis.
Summaries 100 Yard Free Style First—^Armstrong, Pi Kappa Phi, 69 6, second—Graham, Beta Theta Pi, 1.01 8, third—Diehl, Lambda Chi, 1:04.4 , fourth— Wellbrock, Kappa Sig, 1:04 7. 100 Yard Breast Stroke First—Gardner, Sigma Phi Epsilon, 1.18 , second—Spehn, Theta Chi, 1.19 6, third— JElogers, Alpha Tau Omega, 1.22 9 , fourth— Forbes, Sigma Phi Epsilon, 1.23 4. 100 Yard Back Stroke First-—Truedwell, Theta Chi, 1 '09.4 , second—Gardner, Sigma Phi Epsilon, 1.18, third—dacobi. Triangle, 1.14 3 , fourth— Wickersham, Alpha Chi Eho, 1 19 2. 60 Yard Free Style First—Marshall, Kappa Sigma, 31 5, second—Farwell, PKi Delta Theta, 32 6 , third —Fuller, Theta Chi, 82.8; fourth—Fisher, Wickersham, Alpha Chi Rho, 36 2
220 Yard Free Style First—Graham, Beta Theta Pi, 2.36.8, second—Armstrong Pi Kappa Psi, 2 .38 2 , third—^Diety, Theta Chi, 2 ’48 9 , fourth— Good, Kappa Sigma, 2 *66 4. 160 Yard Relay First, Kappa Sigma. 1 24 4, second—^Pi Kappa Alpha, 1 "SO, third—Alpha Chi Rho, 1 31, fourth—^Beta Theta Pi, 1 31 4 Fancy Diving First—Farhner, Theta Chi, second—Tredwell. Theta Chi, third—Craig, Delta Tau Delta, fourth—Rohrbaugh, Kappa Sigma Medley Relay First—Theta Chi, 1 -10 , second—Kappa Sigma, 1:11, third—Sigma Phi Epsilon, 1 14 2 , fourth—Phi Delta Theta, 1 19
Team Standings Place—^Team First—Theta Chi Second—Kappa Sigma Third—Pi Kappa Phi Fourth—Sigma Phi Epsilon Fifth—Beta Theta Pi Sixth—Alpha Chi Rho Seventh—Phi Delta Theta
Points 28 22 14 13 10 6 5
w
Phone 5432
STYLE DICTATES
The Homburg
The Derby
Our selection of correctly proportioned Homburgs and Derbies not only can be depended upon but answer the question for what to get for that semiformal winter and holiday hat.
Homburgs $3.50 - $4.50 - $5.00 Derbys $4.00
Dewenter's
416 Main St.
l(,afayette
CHRISTMAS RECITAL AND DANCING PARTY WEDNESDAY, DEC. IB, 8:00 P. M. ABMISSION, 25c CHILBREN’S 1937 CLASSES .OPEN SATURBAY, JAN. 9 ALLEN’S Sixth and Ferry Sts, Phone 2150
ielder’s.... ....ckoice
.By B<d» Walpole.
Earl OveriRan, Butler Uni'Wfsity forward, played two years as a reserve, dropped out of school for a year, and returned this season to win a place on the_Butler quintet. He weighs 158 pounds, is six feet tall and was a former Tech of Indianapolis star.
Freshman Squash Starts Today
All freshmen men who have signed for the freshman squash team and any other men interested meet at the squash courts back of 225 University street. Practice will not start at once. The first few nights will be devoted to the rudiments of the game, and regular practice will start after the holidays, Murray Fowler, coach, has announced.
A third ball game tonight, and we hope to see a better brand of basketball than was shown by the Boilermakers against Bradley Tech on Saturday night list . . . Butler this evening, and the Bulldogs would like very much to beat Purdue . . .
—fc—
In their last game, the Indianapolis five went down at the hands of Earlham, who doesn’t usually boast a very tough outfit ... a victory over Purdue would raise Butler’s prestige no little bit...
—^fc—
Johnny Brake leaves Purdue for San Francisco by way of Chicago tomorrow night ... his extended vacation will include a lot of football, to be climaxed by the Annual East-West Charity game on New Year’s Bay . . . the All-East team, composed of eleven men from the middle west, and eleven more from the East is under the coaching of Bick Hanley, former Northwestern University head coach . . .
—^fc—
You won’t be seeing John Brake’s picture on Wheaties boxes for a few years ... he turned down an offer from the makers of the “athlete’s favorite breakfast food,” in order to stay on an amateur basis ... if he had signed on the dotted line, John would be ineligible for three years of football at West Point, where he has full intentions of reporting after graduation.
c* 1 nn dquasn learn To Gk> East
Five Compete For 5th Place On Squad
Members of the Boilermaker varsity squash team are staging a close battle for the fifth position on the first team thus making it possible for one of them to make the trip East during the Christmas holidays with the other four regulars. The team has a match with the faculty Thursday afternoon at 4 p. m. iiucek. Fields, Sokolowski, and Wakefield are the four regulars, while the fifth man for the trip will be picked from the following men depending on who shows the best form against the faculty; Juve, Noll, Brodsky, Jackson, and Moses. The schedule includes the University of Pennsylvania on Becember 28, Princeton on Becember 29, Yale on Becember 30, and Harvard on Becember 31. The first two games are in Philadelphia and the last two are in New York City. These four teams are rated among the best in the country.
¥ ^ ^
♦ ♦ 4-
4 ♦ -4 ♦ ^
moAm ^ 4 4
4:00—BMa Thets Vt tU
Bigtm Chi. CLASS 'V*
4:4S—Teiamte m Ktuppa Slgtm w AH>hi»
Chi RI«o.
5:46—Gord«a Tirfef m J. E, Heihtuinr,
When the late Rev. Br. Carl G. Erickson heimine president of Upsala College in 1920, the school had only 16 students. The present enrollment is abont 400.
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
Energy And Demand Meters Received By EE
A number of energy and demand meters for the meter laboratory have just been received by the school of electrical engineering. They were donated by T. W. Ay ton of the Indianapolis Power & Light Co. This material has considerable historical interest and all of it can be used for educational purposes.
Christmas Program In Music Room Tomorrow
The Browsing Room and the music room, under the direction of Professor P. E. Lull, of the English department, will combine their talents tomorrow night in the presentation of a Christmas program in the music room at 7:30. Professor Lull will read the Christmas play, “An other Wise Man,” with a background of yuletide music.
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Buckeyes To Battle Both Coast Teams
From coast to coast in nine days’ time IS the program outlined for the Ohio State basketball team in their 1936-1937 schedule. The Buckeyes will battle the University of Califor~nia, Los Angeles branch, in Los Angeles on December 31. "they then work their way east playing games on the way until January 9 when they play New York University at Madison Square Garden in New York City. The complete schedule calls for 20 games, 13 of them tor be played on foreign courts and seven at home.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DB. ROBERT 6. RISK DIL LUTHBR A. BISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
Drs. B. Hemple and E. L. Gibbs, Harvard U. medical school, have discovered that thew brain waves in a cat correspond closely to those in man.
1 '0
FOR THE ENTIRE FAMILY
CHRISTMAS CARDS
Make up your list and select from our complete assortment You'll find distinctive cards just right for each individual friend.
POTTERY AND CHINA
'KERCHIEFS
The different kind— with appealing color blends and new designs—the California line
Whether it be an ornamental vase or a practical china set, our complete stock will give generous opportunity for careful selection.
COSTUME JEWELRY
Chase Metal Novelties Linens Handwrought Aluminum Gift Glassware Trays Cocktail Sets Novelties
LAMPS
CAMERAS
Always room for one more at home — an impressive gift. We specialize in the new and better design^ of I.E.S. lamps.
Eastman Brownies — Kodaks — Univex — Argus. They are sure fire hits for sis or brother.
BEFORE YOU BUY-VISIT
The FOSTER SHOP West Side of Square
VuSm «
TIMELY TIP* HakeaUtwiai dad. If Iie’a a ateaify pip« ■maker, get him « apeeialXmas paAage of Edgeworlh Sead]r.Rnb]ied Plug SUceIf he onokes holh a p>i|^ and cigoreUtt, get him ihia Xnum peuad of Edgeworth Junior— Laminated **€01lophaao” Xma» package. Vacnamfreahthu.
and a white paraffin wrapper' fironx a tin of Edgeworth Jr.
IN YOUR COLLEGE COLORS We offer von thia lA.Oe Bngliah Type Folding Pouch in Rep Cloth with Rubberiaed Liner fw only lOfl and one wrapper to pereuade you to try Edgeworth Buy a tin today. Send the inatde wrapper and yonr dime togethw with thia coupon, or print yeurnanie» college and addrcaa on the wrap-
KMloMd lad 10|t aiMI ea* liwUe aGAe
fwraffa wmqnnr ftematinef IMMuecGt
iwitteeillt
CUI01
Nm
AAdtww.
COULBd.r ,'
' ^ ^''’' ''?^ " ( 'v;^ ^ *4 ' «i'
'f,i^*"r'!r ii,f^»ri/V^<^5^'-'> -^1 irt“i fOi'‘'^■"•'«i'5 wtff -’p
k i * — ■k i
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
\/j£iS^
that are both flattering and practical
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Good Printing—^Painless prices. Fast service. Near as your phone. Call 5205. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop. 401 South 29th street.
For Rent—Very desirable room, light, plenty of heat. Available immediately. Phone 66642,
Give a Kodak For Christmas— Complete line of kodaks and all accessories. Headquarters for “Argus” Candid Camera and Enlargers. Paper, Chemicals for the amateur. All sizes of film in stock. Hines’, 634 Main street.
Lovely Old Glass— Bric-a-brac, china, prints, many things that will make lovely Christmas gifts at Moore’s Antique Shop, 220 N. 5th street.
Good Printing—Painless prices. Past service. Near as your phone. Call 6205. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th street.
University Orchestra—^Rdiearsal has been chang^ from December 16 to December 17 at 7 De m. —PHILLIPa
English 1—Punctuation make-up December 17 at 4 p. m. and at 6 p. m. for students who cannot come at 4. Consult your instructor for room assignment. —WYKOFF.
Sigma Pi Sigma Associates—Lecture to be given on bi£h tension electricity Decembw 16, at 7:80 in the Physics Building lecturer room. 'Ae speaker, Karl McEaehron, will present slides and motion pictures obt^n^ directly from the General Electric -MEREIAM. W. A A. Swimming^All co-eds are invited to attend the swimming party of Triton Swimming Club December 17. Please sign up In the Women's Gymnastan^ -—TUBBS
Radio Club Members—The members who want QST, the Handbook, or the License Manual at the special club rate are requested to get their money to me as soon as possible —FORD.
Home Economic Girls—Leave canned food donations in main lobby of Home Economics Building on December 16 or December 16 —MURPHY.
Ceres—^No meeting this week —WARREN Glider Club—Important meeting December 16 at 4 16 p m in room A of the Union Building —O’NEAL.
W. S. G. A.—Executive Board meet in room 3 at 4 p. m, December 16. Each chairman will give a short report —COPELAND
Tune Shop—Rehearsal December 16, at 8 p. m in Tower Room All members must be present —WHITE
Reamer Members—Andres, Abbott, Dixon, Doud, Edson, Fields, Goory, Kreiser, McEachron, McKee, Manion, Milner, Moore, Pickard, Wait, Woodruff, Ashworth, and Whipple. Tickets and money must be turned into me by December 19 noon —PERKINS
Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council—Meeting Decembei 17 at 7 p m in room C —SCHAAF
Debris Sophomores—Important meeting in Debris office December 16 at 4 p. m Bring paper and pencil and ruler —O’CONNOR
Purdue Engineer Subscribers—^All those who have not yet paid for their subscriptions, come to the office in the Union any day after 4 pm. and pay at once. —JONES.
Purdue Christian Foundation — Annual Christmas Banquet and party is to be held December 18 at 6:30. Those desiring to attend can obtain ticket reservations by calling 76912 or 4321. —BROWN.
Bowling Alley—^The Union Bowling Alleys will close at 9:30 December 17. —STUCKEY.
W. A. A Volleyball—Schedule for December 16; Chi Omega vs. WRH 8rd floor, 4 p. m. in large gym; Ward 4 vs. Ward 2 at 4:80 in large gym: Bronx vs WRH 2nd floor No 1 at 4 p m, in small gym, Gaybles vs. Ward 8 B team at 4:30 in small gym. —THATCHER. Chi Epsilon—The National Conclave schedule is as follows: December 18, 7:80 P. m.—Smoker in the faculty lounge. Memorial Union Building. December 19, 9:80 u- m.—eBusiness session in faculty lounge; H :80 a m.—Inspection tour of Testing Laboratory, 12:80 noon—Luncheon in the Union Cafeteria : 2:00 p m —Business session in the faculty lounge, 6:00 p. m — Banquet in the reception room j 8:80 p. m. —Bowling on the Union Alleys. —KEENAN^ Zouaves—Formal initiation in Armory at 4:10 p. m. December 16. —WINTER.
W. A. A. Swimming—All co-eds are invited to attend the swimming party at the Triton Swimming Club December 17. All those planning to attend must sign in the Women’s Gymnasium by 8 p. m. December 16, —TUBBS.
WRH Will Sponsor Annual Pajama Christmas Party Approximately 160 girls will gather in the lounge of the Women’s Residence Hall tonight at 10 p. m. for the annual pajama Christmas party. Pine boughs and red ribbon will adorn the mantels of the fire places. Gifts were collected last night and piled beneath the big tree from which they will be distributed to all the residents. W. R. H. members of the University choir and Glee Club, led by Katherine Davis, will present a series of Christmas songs. The entire group will then sing carols. Members of the committee are Marjorie McKinley, Dorothy Hewitt, Dorothy Hardin, Mary Lee Hickman, and Gaby D. Roe, chairman.
Wendt Lectures On Phases Of Casting “Various Aspects Of Casting” and “How To Make A Gasoline Engine Cylinder” were the subjects of a lecture given by R. E. Wendt, Purdue instructor in charge of the foundry, last night in lecture room 101, Michael Golden Shops. The lecture, which was open to the public, was arranged through the cooperation of the adult education division of the state and the University.
Christian Foundation To Give Party Friday Gifts, Christmas music, and carols will lend a holiday atmosphere to the annual Christmas banquet to be given by the Purdue Christian Foundation in the basement of the First Christian Church Friday evening at 6:30. Short talks will be given commemorating the Christmas period and discussing its meaning. The party is open to everyone. Tickets may be secured from members of the committee.
WBAA
—TODAY— 11 00—American Institutions, Professor Robeit Phillips 11 60—Purdue News Flashes 12 00—Agiicultural Forum 12 16—Luncheon Dance Time 12 30—Adeline Hayes, soprano 12 45—Noon Musicale 1 00—Meditations, Rev W R Graham, Central Presbyterian Church 1 15—Dr H H Watts, “Appreciating Fiction.’’ 1 30—Vocational Guidance 1 45—Markets 2 00—Weather Reports 2 15—Musical Album 2 30—Songs and Melodies 2:46—Story Time. 3 00—Jefferson High School Program 3 30—Afternoon Musicale 3 46—You and Your Government, F J Wellman, District Supervisor of Community Sanitation “Community Sanitation ’’
A TRIANGLE TO . END TROUBLES
LENTHERIC'S three triangular flacons of their famous After Shave Lotion, Men^s Eau de Cologne, and Scalp Stimulant seHle masculine grooming troubles in a trice. These "THREE MUSKETEERS" are contained compactly in a mannish band-box for $1.95. NEW IDEAS—NEW GIFTS by Yardley Rubenstein and Lentheric SEE THEM ON DISPLAY dt VELLINGER’S PHARMACY 834 Main St. REMEMBER— WE ARE AGENTS FOR Martha Washington Candy
Quivey, ’17, Receives Raflroad Managership Kenneth Quivey, ’17, graduate of the school of agriculture has been made manager of the newly preated agricultural development department of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad. He will be assisted by A. F. Stevens, 1919 Purdue graduate. Mr. Quivey is a former resident of Lafayette and was well known in music and dramatics on the campus. He is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, and author of the song “Purdue Battlecry” which was sung during the football season.
Wednesday. December 16,1986
Alumni To Honor Football Squad At Banquet Tomorrow The Purdue Alumni Association of Indianapolis will hold its annual banquet in honor of the University football squad and coaching staff and the All-City High School Football squad tomorrow night at 6:30 on the roof garden of the Severin Hotel. M. H. Comeron, ’16, will be toastmaster of the evening’s program which will feature an address by Bob Newhall, sports commentator of WLW, and motion pictures of highlights of the University’s 1936 games with Noble E. Kizer explaining the plays. There will also be short talks by alumni, representatives of the University, and members of the squad and coaching staff. Coach Kizer will present the medals and certificates awarded by the Indianapolis Alumni Association to the fifteen Indianapolis High School players chosen by a committee of sports writers. Honored guests will include the fifteen high school players, their fathers, and their coaches. All of the major lettermen from the 1936 squad, the varsity and freshman varsity coaching staffs, and other athletic officials and representatives of the University will make the trip from Lafayette to Indianapolis for the banquet.
A germ of communism in the matter of lockers has shown itself on the campus of Texas Christian University. Five freshmen sharing a one-foot wide locker have jammed 18 textbooks, eight notebooks, two coats, and seven pencils into the cubicle.
An “artificial sun” to aid in the study of sun rays, as the wind tunnel aids in the study of air currents, has been constructed in the town
planning studio of the Columbia University school of architecture. The committee on health at Mt.
Holyoke College has issued this annual warning to students: Drink only cider that has been boiled or pasteurized, and eat only fruit that has been thoroughly washed.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE exponent
Topcoats
As Smart As They Are Durable We've got a tremendously smart and wide assortment of topcoats ready now—^just when you need them. Fine for
school and business wear on nippy winter days. You'll like particularly the selection of single and double breasted topcoats that have such a wide popularity.
Priced at $19.50 $22.50
$25.00
Dewenter's
416 Main St.
Lafayette
HALF 8 HALF MAKES
ORES
Give your pipe a new deal with Half & Half. Cool as a call to show your cards. Sweet as holding four of a kind. Fragrant, friendly, full-bodied tobacco that won’t bite the tongue—in a tin that won’t bite the fingers. Made by oiu* exclusive modem process including patent No. l,Wo,920. Cool and smooth. Smells good. Makes your pipe welcome anywhere. Tastes good. Your password to pleasure! Not a bit of bite in the tobacco or the Teiescope Tin, which gets smaiier and smaiier as you use-up the tobacco. No bitten fingers as you reach for a ioad, even the last one. Copyright 1936, Tho American Tobacco Co.
A L F yxA H A L F Sa^ -To-6*lo-c^
FOR PIPK OR CBOARSTTE