Read Daily By 5,000 Students Of Purdue University
f-I,- » y I’^rA
©he WurHut lSxpatient
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, MAY 26, 1937
NUMBER 161
Gottschalk Lectures On State Parks John Gottschalk, representative of the state department of conservation, spoke on “Indiana State Parks'^ at the regular dinner meeting “oj^ the Purdue chapter of the American Association of University Womeh, which was held yesterday evening ift the Memorial Union Building. His talk, on the Dunes and McCormick’s Creek State Parks, was illustrated with motion pictures. Mrs. R. B. Stewart, president of the Purdue section, presided over the meeting. About 75 attended the affair.
Offer 2 New Math Courses Two new courses, one dealing with the history of mathematics and the other a course in descriptive astronomy, will be offered by the University for the first time during the coming summer session from June 17 to August 14. Neither course will require any special mathematical preparation, and both are planned to appeal to anyone interested in the logical aspects of mathematics. The mathematics department has in ad^tion planned a non-credit course in solid geometry ^or the summer session. This course will also be taught from August 14 to September 4 for students who will enter the University in September and are deficient in solid geometry.
Triad’To Fete 01d,NewHeads Co-operation and friendship are the aims of the Triad dinner of Hie former and new governing boards of the W. A. A., W. S. G. A., and Y. W. C. A. organizations. The dinner will be held tonight at 6:16 p. m. in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. Margaret Jones, representing W A^'A., Sara Alice McIntosh, of Y. W. C. A., and Betty Jo Sexton, as representative of W. S. G. A. are the committee in charge of arrangements. Betty Jo Sexton is in charge of the program.
Distribute May Issue Of Engineer* The Purdue Engineer for the month of May has been printed and IS now being distributed among the subscribers. Featured in this month’s issue is an article by D. D. Baals on the University Housing Project. Housing problems in general are discussed and a description of each of the project houses is given. Also included in the issue are articles on Synthetic Resins, Air Defense, and Hypoid Gears. The cover illustration consists of a group of headlights arranged in circular form. The Engineer was recently given a cup in a nation-wide college technical magazine contest.
Tea Dance To Close PIA Social Season The Purdue Independent Association will close its social season for this year with a tea dance to be held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building on Saturday. Featuring the music of an enlarged P. I. A. orchestra under the baton of J. Robertsen, the dance will continue from 3:30 until 6:30. Only one person of each couple need have a membership card for admittance.
CHANGE OF SCHOOLS Any student who plans definitely to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks at the Registrar’s office. RALPH B. STONE,
Speaker
Debris Issues Call For Frosh Photomen The Debris staff requests that all freshmen who would be interested in working on the Debris photographic staff meet in the Debris office in the Memorial Union Building at 4 p. m. this Friday.
John Gottschalk, who spoke at the monthly dinner meeting of the American Association of University Women last night.
Rural Sociologist, Economist Will Address Institute Dr. J. H. Kolb, rural sociologist of the University of Wisconsin, and Dr. O. E. Baker, senior agricultural economist of the U. S. Department of Agriculture, have been chosen to bring the latest developments in their respective fields to the twoweek Institute of American Policy and Technology, which is to be held here at the University from June 21 to July 10. Series of Six Lectures Dr. Kolb will deliver a series of six lectures on ‘Rural Social Trends’ starting on the morning of June 23 and continuing for three days, morning and afternoon. Dr. Baker, America’s foremost population authority, will present a series of lectures beginning June 28 and ending the morning of June 30.
Scriveners Elect Officers W. Feldman, sophomore science student, was elected president of the Scriveners Club at a meeting last night at Culture Hall. Dorothea Justin was elected secretary and R. Jenkins was chosen seir-geant-at-arms. New officers of the Scrivener magazine are: J. E. Brock, editor; Jary Cleveland, managing editor; Kathryn Boord, business manager; and R. A. Meier, circulation manager. The sales manager will be chosen next fall.
Orchesis To Give Technique Program Original dances and technique of modern dance will be demonstrated by Orchesis, honorary dance group, tonight at 8 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium. Fifty freshmen and sophomore women who are in modern dance classes will give illustrations of technique of the modern dance during the evening’s program. The exhibition, which is open to the public, IS given as a recognition of Orchesis and an opportunity for progress in the skill of the co-eds to be observed. Miss Helen Ellis, dance instructor, is in charge.
Philatelists Organize To Trade, Sell Stamps stamp collectors from Lafayette and from among the students of the University have organized the Lafayette Philatelic Society, a club designed to arouse interest in the stamps and to benefit the members by the trade or sales that they may make at its meetings. Tonight at 7:30 o’clock the society will meet in room B of the Memorial Union Building. The business meeting will last from 8 till 9 o’clock. Those in charge urge that all that are interested attend the meeting and bring some* stamps trade or sell.
CiDinmittee To Interview W SGAMentor s Interviews of girls who are interested in becoming mentors will be continued today and tomorrow in the W. S. G. A. office by the Mentor Committee, headed by Georganna Huber and Louise Bain. Freshmen women’s problems, possible time a prospective mentor would need to spend on each mentee, and transfer women’s problems will be discussed in the interviews. Out of the 200 girls who have expressed interest in becoming mentors, 100 will be chosen. Eightyfive women will be freshmen helpers, and 16 women who have transferred here previously will become mentors for next year’s transfer co-eds. The list of girls chosen will be announced later in the week. Those on the mentor committee are: Betty Klein, Cue Holden, Virginia Slociun, Mary Cooley, and Betty Elstun. The committee is also working with Dean Dorothy Stratton on the possibility of having a short training course for chosen mentors next fall. Lists of girls and their times to be interviewed are in the Exponent notice column.
Chicago Professor Compliments Fotos, Remmers On Article Professor Remmers and J. T. Fo tos recently received recognition in the current issue of the Education magazine in an article, “Trends In Modern Language Teaching” by Algernon Coleman, French professor at the University of Chicago, and a leading authority on modern language methodology. “Discussions of method in professional magazines point to little that is new except, perhaps, one or two articles by Fotos and Remmers in the Modern Language Journal, vol. XVIII 1934, which suggest that method as such may be less important than a suitable course content, scientifically determined,” wrote Coleman. Remmers and Fotos conducted a series of experiments with freshmen modern language classes from 1929 to 1933. According to orientation grades students were placed in groups. Placing good and poor students in different groups helped prove that the method had little or nothing to do With obtaining objectives, stated Fotos last night.
Distribute First Issue Of New Independent Copies of the first issue of the new four column, 15-inch paper adopted by the Purdue Independent were distributed Monday morning. With the change in the size of the paper it has been possible to add several other new features such as a column by Bill Feldman, managing editor of the paper, a sports section, and a co-ed section. In addition this issue contains a farewell article by Herman I. Hersh, retiring president of the P. I. A., as well as an accompanying article by Robert H. Schlundt, the new president.
Halt Honored At Dinner By Faculty Members Dr. W. K. Hatt, retiring head of the civil engineering school, was the honor guest at a formal dinner given by the members of the staff of the civil engineering school in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building Monday night. Dr. Hatt was presented with a Gladstone bag and a fitted case by the staff. Twenty-eight guests were present.
Dr. H. McCoy Will Discuss ‘Rare Earths’ Dr. Herbert N. McCoy, a graduate of the University of 1892 and also 1893, now vice-president of the Lindsay Light Company of Chicago, will address the Purdue Section of the American Chemical Society Saturday on the subject, “The Rare Earths.” J He will give the lecture in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. Dr. McCoy was recently awarded the Willard Gibbs Medal for distinguished work on rare earths. He has made notable contributions in the fields of radio activity and electrochemistry, as well as other fields of chemistry. He was a member of the chemistry staff of the University of Chicago from 1901 until 1917, when he entered the Lindsay Light Company.
Doan Heads Ticket Sale Prof. Charles S. “Pop” Doan, ticket manager of the athletic department of the University, has been put in charged of ticket sales and distribution for the Institute of American Policy and Technology which will be held here from June 21 to July 10, This was the announcement yesterday by Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president, director of the Summer Session and in charge of the Institute. While Professor Doan does not expect a battle for “seats on the 50yard line” as at gridiron encounters, there already has started a demand for tickets from over the state for numerous features of the conference. A charge to help defray costs of the Conference is being made $18 being the cost for tickets for the entire three weeks’ period for the several hundred who expect to take the course for credit. For a single week, the tickets are $6, or for one day, $1.00. Admission to the lectures will be free for Summer Session students and members of the faculty. Prof. Hockema announced yesterday.
Lark-Horovitz Returns From Trip Dr. K. Lark-Horovitz, head of the physics department, returned yesterday from Notre Dame University, where he addressed the de partments of chemistry and physics on his recent X-ray investigations carried out here on the structure of liquids.
Wesley Foundation To Sponsor Holiday Picnic On Saturday, the Wesley Foundation will sponsor its Annual Memorial Day Fellowship Trip to Camp Tecumseh. The group will leave the Foundation House at 12:30 p. m. A treasure hunt, baseball game, and swimming will be followed by a steak roast at 6 p. m. The total cost including the steak roast and transportation will be 36 cents. Those in charge announce that all students who wish to go should sign up at the Foundation not later than Thursday evening.
Gold Peppers Adopt New Insignia For 1937-’38 To make it possible for each new class of Gold Peppers actives to decide on a suitable insignia for its senior year the constitution was amended at a meeting of Gold Peppers, senior co-ed activity honorary, last night. Black, sleeveless sweaters with gold peppers in front will be the official garb for the year of 1937-38.
Beta Sigma l^si Beta Sigma Psi, social fraternity, announces the installation of the following officers: President, C. E. Maahs; 1st vice-president, J. E. Farbak; 2nd vice-president, A, M. Reguly; secretary, G. E. ^uhnmr treasurer, 0. B. Moan, rush chairman, E. A. Kubiss.
Frosh Wipe Out ^39 Paint ^40 On Tank
Byi Eton. Terrio And Don Paarlberg Flash! 12:20 a. m. May 26—As the class of ’39 blissfully slumbered on in the sleep of the innocent, secure in the belief that their ’39 still adorned the old water tai^k, six intrepid members of the freshman class proceeded to play havoc with their handiwork. Today a bigger ’40 has replaced the puny ’39, eight feet higher than the old numerals. For the freshmen used the ladder which the sophomores had borrowed in order to obtain a ladder of even higher proportions. Not a soul disturbed the peace of the amateur Raphael’s as they painted on. Those night-owls who ventured forth on this splashing adventure were; Gene Goss, Bill “Zeke” Peffer. Jack Walz, Joe McKinsey, Don Terrio, and Don Paarlberg.
Cooperative Book Exchange Will Open Here On June 1 Leaders of the University cooperative movement annoimce the opening of a student cooperative book exchange to start Jime 1 in the Wesley Foundation from the hours of 1 p. m. to 4 p. m. and 7 p. m. to 8 p. m. The purpose of the exchange is to provide a means for students to secure their textbooks at a minimum cost. Anyone who has a book to sell may bring it to the foundation to be sold. After the sale 80 per cent of the selling price will be retmmed to the original owner while the other 20 per cent will be retained to cover operating costs. At the close of the year the profits that remain will be distributed among the various persons who have bought and sold books, the amount depending upon the extent of their patronage.
Ramsey Wins French Award Helen Ramsey, senior in the school of science, was presented with a silver medal last Thursday evening at the Alliance Francaise banquet held in Indianapolis. Miss Ramsey was considered the most proficient student in French conversation and composition in the University. Similar medals were presented to students from Indiana and Butler Universities. Professor J. T. Fotos accompanied his French conversation and composition class to Indianapolis. A feature of the evening’s program was Professor Foto’s speech in French on behalf of the professors from Indiana and Butler Universities.
Girls Make Plans For Co-op House Plans for a new cooperative house were formulated in a meeting of about 20 girls Monday evening at the Wesley Foundation House. At this time, a talk on the principles and history of cooperatives was given, and the advantages and disadvantages discussed. The new house will be located at 162 South Grant street and will have accommodations for 14 girls; the present house at 12 Russell street, will continue to run and will hold 10.
Metzger Pupils To Give Piano, Organ Recital H. I. Metzger, piano and organ instructor of the University, will present a recital of piano and organ selections in Eliza Fowler Hall 4:16 p. m. tomorrow. The recital will be given by pupils of Metzger, and will be presented in two parts.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon Sigma Alpha Epsilon, social fraternity, announces the^pledging qf W. D. Hedden, New Albany and Robert Aldag, IndianapoliB.
29 More Take Out Senate AppRcations Twenty-nine more students obtained their petitions from the Student Senate office to swell the mtntber of aspirants to the Senate from the different clksses to 93. Dan Rohyans, Student Senate president, announced yesterday that it was very important that all those who wish to be voted upon at the elections next fall must have a 3.5 average for all courses completed in the University now and at the time of the election. Refund He further said that anybody who has taken out a petition and is ineligible may receive their dejmsit back if they return the petition by tomorrow. Contrary to yesterday’s Exponent report of the candidates from the public service engineering, engineering laWf and industrial education students, the candidates from this group who have turned in their petitions are J. R. Keck, R. I. Schumacher, R. J. Scymanski, N. H, Behrends, C. S. Meier, and R. A. Stapleton. As yet, no one has requested a petition from the phsrsical education school.
Aretz, Baldwin Hunt Bandits Capt. L. I. Aretz, University airiwrt manager, accompanied by D. A. Baldwin, a freshman in the school of engineering, took off from the University airport yesterday morning in search of the bandit gang that robbed the bank at Goodland and later seriously wounded state policeman Paul V. Minneman. Baldwin is the owner of the ship, a Monocoupe. After cruising between Lafayette and Logansport^ the flyers returned to the airport about 12:45 p. m.
Offer Siimm^ Short Courses In Shop Work Special intensive short courses in gas and electric welding, patternmaking, machine tool operation and foundry practice, each requiring 40 hours a week for four weeks, will be offered to those desiring them during the coming summer session. At least six persons must sign for one course, or the instruction will not be offered. The personnel in charge will be Prof. R. B. Trueblood, Prof, R. E. Wendt, Prof. A. H. Carter, Prof. J. H. Porsch, E. Ainslie, M. R. Graney, L. V. Moser, and P. J. Panlener.
Correction Pi Kappa Alpha pledged C. H. Bliss, Farmville, Va., instead of C. H. Bliff, as erroneously stated in yesterday’s Exponent.
CHOICE OF ELECTIVES
Every student whose plan of study for the year 1937-38 calls for elective or optional subjects is required to make his choice of electives before the close of the present semester. Such a student should consult the dean or head of his school at an early date. This notice applies to all present juniors and sophomores; to all present freshmen, except in forestry and those freshmen engineers expecting to take chemical, mechanical, or public service engineering, engineering law, industrial education; and to all irregular students. Reprints of the plans of study for the various schools are available at the offices of the School Heads and the* Registrar. Also a limited number of reprints of “Undergraduate Plans of Study and Description of Courses” is available at the Registrar’s office. The general catalogue is not ffistributed toi students. Copies are available for inspection in the Registrar's office and Library. RALPH B, STONE, Registrar.
’M i,^^,‘’ >/ ^ * >i^'^ ^ ^s ^
*v\ '
y^ \ i ,'' ‘ ^ 1
Tw0
THE I>OBDUE EXPOMBjft
^nrbue exponent
r«tinO«« In tssi
Mci'Manma pok nationai. ADycnnaiNa m* National Advertising Service, Inc CoU»ee Pmhtftknrg Rt^rMtnUOlw 400 Madison Avb. New York, N. Y. CHICAOO • BOBTON • BAN PRANCISCO U>« ANOKLCa > PORTLANO • SeATTLS MeMBBR g^asocinted getttgtatt ^rcee
Co-Edits
entered a« aecond ctaM matter at tbe BwJU per year; deliyered hr ewggr^
ist office, Lafayette. Indiana. DoUrered ^ i.50 per year; sold tar a eingle eopy, 2 centa.
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Boaineas Phone 60S8
OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Eiditorial Phone 6087
Editor-in-Chief— ManaKinK Editor.— Associate Editors - Bold and Black Editor ..
EDITORIAL STAFF „ „ « - j. B. Brock "Z... .'.‘.’"’."d.’ A. Baiiey^^ C. D. Schroeder. H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Beth McCool
BUSINESS STAFF
Business Manager Assistant Business Manager National Advertising ManagerLocal Advertising Manager Circulation Manager. -
D. C. Miller J, P. Girard .W. J. Gillilan R. R. Hensler At. C. Reeves
Editor Associate Editors-
SPORTS STAFF „ t, s R. F. Obenohain J, S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
WOBIEN’S STAFF
Editor Associate Elditors..
Elizabeth Pyke !.jiilary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
Issue Editor—J. W. Richey.
Book Hogs Irrfisponsible students and faculty members are giving Purdue librarians a headache. Borrowed books aren’t being returned wheii they are due and the situation is becoming a very tough problem for the library staif. Persons who kept books from the reserve room out over night and failed to return them at 8 o’clock the following morning were fined. Other than that it has been the policy of the library to avoid fining for failure to return books when due. At present quite a number Pf students and faculty are taking advantage of this leniency. Books are being kept out even after the borrower has received several warning cards from the library.. This is an extremely selfish attitude on the part of the borrower. _ The librarians do not care personally if a book is not brought back on time, but it is their responsibility to see that the library offers its wares equally to all users. Therefore they must endeavor to. get books returned so other students may borrow It might be well for a book hog to reflect that his hoggishness is depriving many other students who desire to read. K his type multiply, it may become necessary for the libr^y to impose fines on all overdue books. This would be a step backward. Let’s try to improve the situation by being a bit more thoughtful and considerate of our fellow book borrov^r^ —A. H. r.
A year’s employment with Vogue magazine, six months in New York and six months in Paris, or a contract for six months employment in the New York office—these are thS inviting first and second prizes respectively offered by Vogue magazine in its 1937 Prix de Paris contest. Ambitious senior girls from 217 colleges throughout the country have entered the contest the objective of which is to discover and develop college women who have imagination, a flair for fashion, and the ability to write. The contestants represent 46 of the states and one U. S. territory. Smith College has the largest number on entries, Vassar and Barnard are tied for second, and Wisconsin
is third.
Great interest in the contest has been evinced by department stores, specialty shops and advertising agencies. They have asked to be contacted with the young women who receive honorable mention in order to offer them positions. The contest was introduced by Vogue last year and immediately met with enthusiastic response among college women who are aiming at success in a fashion career. Six monthly quizzes containing questions on definite fashion points and general queries covering the entire fashion field make up the contest. A thesis on one of four topics selected by the magazine is also required. Following last year’s contest 28 girls, because of their high marks in the competition, were placed with department stores. Vogue magazine gave employment to the first place winner, Miss Marjorie Field of Albion College, Albion, Mich.; second place winner Miss Josephine Heiskill, a Bryn Mawr graduate; and two outstanding runners-up in the contest, Miss Katherine Roberts of Smith College and Miss Ellis May Morris of Ohio State University. Miss Field, who won the first place award, is now employed in Vogue’s Paris office. —G. A. C.
Wednesday, May 2fi, SSSS8SSflBSSXS8&S8BSSSBflHBBSE^B8BBBSSBBEBB
Who’s For Peace?
To the Editor: Who’s for Peace? ^ Most of us declare that we are in favor of peace. With this in mind an organization was forniod on tho campus for the purpose of “doing something about it.” , ^ ^ , The Purdue Peace Committee was founded to direct and coordinate the energies of interested groups toward the ideal of peace. Represented on this committee are delegates from organizations widely different in membership—Scabbard and Blade, Purdue Student Alliance, Cosmopolitan Club, Wesley Foundation, Presbyterian Young People’s, Taylor Station, and Roger Williams Club. ^ Its program is one of education—movies, speakers and literature are to advance its interest among students. The committee believes that Purdue students can become a powerful force for peace if their efforts are organized intelligently. It welcomes delegates from any and all student organizations on the campus who believe in the ideal of Peace and in working intelligently toward this ideal. ^ FISHER.”' Publicity Chairman, Purdue Peace Committee.
WAA Will Give Annual Sports Spread At Cabin Tomorrow
W. A. A. skins, highest honor to seniors given by W. A. A., will be awarded at the annual Sports Spread to be held at the W. A. A. cabin tomorrow afternoon at 4 p. m. The spread proper will be served at 5:30 p. m., after which awards to seniors and other members of W. A. A. will be made . “P” monograms will be given by Mary Ellen Delaplane to girls with 1000 points in work; co-eds with 100 points will be given class numerals. Skins will be given only to seniors with high records in W. A. A. and other campus activities. Announcement will be made as to which sorority or ward will win the intramural cup. The group that has won the highest number of points will be this year’s winner. A class cup will also be presented to the high point class. Horseshoes, ping pong, and deck tennis are scheduled from 4 to 5:30. Tickets priced at 25 cents, can be obtained at the main office of the Women’s Gymnasium.
Wesley Foundation To Sponsor Swiming Party Wesley Foundation will have charge of a swimming party in the Univeraity pool next Friday night.
Any University student will be admitted free. The group will meet at the Foundation House and go over to the Memorial Gymnasium as a group. . ,
WAA To Complete Baseball Tourney Gold and Black, W. A. A. star baseball teams, will play for the championship this afternoon at 4 o’clock. The star teams were chosen after the single round robin class tournament was finished Monday evening by the seniors' victory, 7-6, over the freshman. Rankings in the class contest are seniors, first, and freshmen, second. All stars on the Gold team are Janette Shaffer, Georgia Walker, Maud Wilson, Jeanette Scudder, Louaima Thompson, Lillian Davis, Leta Newman, Jean Campbell, Georgia Halstead, and Charlotte Lockner. Those winning a place on the Black team are Marjorie Charles, Betty Arnold, Martha Schroeder, Isabel Weishaar, Martha Whlker, Mildred Fitch, Babe Bratich, Dora May Patterson, Virginia Blank, and Ruth Wiley,
Pro/. Tells How To Sit Comfortably Young Mr. Lawrence Rash of the University of Kentucky has been publishing results of intensive study into the best methods of sitting comfortably in classrooms. He has found that the most efficient way to “rest or sleep in class is to use two chairs, one to sit in and one to rest the bended elbow on while resting the chin in the palm of the hand. “Of course,” he adds, by way of a footnote, “if a third chair can be had without too much inconvenience, it is restful indeed to prop the feet upon.” More Than One Chair Rash admits the hard difficulty, sometimes, of finding more than one chair. In this awkward situation, he observes, the best solution is to find a chair against the back wall. One thus has a resting place for his head. Leaning back, however, is not too safe, inasmuch as the chair might slip. That would be embarrassing. Furthermore, science shows that more people snore when the head is back. This too, would be embarrassing, Mr. Rash concludes.
Undergraduate Dames Plan Farewell Dinner At a recent meeting of the Undergraduate Dames Club on May 18, a farewell dinner for the Dames that are leaving was planned for Tuesday, May 25, at Lincoln Lodge. The date and place have been changed to Thursday, May 27, in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building. Installation of officers will take place at 6:16 and supper at 7 p. m. Dames that are leaving are : Mesdames L. W. Rothenberger, J, Palmer, N. Atwood, A. Cantwell, A. Ross, G. Vogel, D. Eidson, M. Bowen, K. Geiser, R. Kemmer, F. Wirth. Chairman of the committee in charge of the supper is Mrs. C. Doecker; assisting her are Mrs. B. Davis and Mrs. F. Stromm.
ARB YOU 6BTTING AN BXPdkBNTT
Hm ttlsUaE firttow A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB BlMk Can far Bpaeiai OccaatMM lie par paaMnear a»r part at tba eitf l«2l PHONES son YELLOW CAB CO.
A CARNIVAL seems to have a magnetic appeal for some people ... seven of the boys from the Sigma Nu fraternity attended the one in town the-other night. . . “Sucker” KENNY EITEL went in for spending in a Ing way and lost about 15 smackers . . . MORON’S DICTIONARY: Pinnacle ... a game played with 48 cards. Nothing ... a bladeless knife without a handle. Reason ... a dried grape. Romance . . . natives of Rome. Seizure ... one of the most prominent Romance. Pun ... the lowest form of pastry. Weaken . . . Saturday and Sun-
day.
Ptomaine . . . excessive number (Ptomaine cooks spoil the broth) —^Thanx W. ED. POME When a Theta smiles a smile A man is sure to bite. Just take the case of RUTHIE HALL, Who put out her Theta kite. A Theta too, can get the jilt. It only goes to prove the point A Theta cannot win. “Personality” EWOLDT spends every week-end in Attica ... he says the weather is nicer there but I’ve heard the high school gals are not so hard to take . . . 99 44/100 PER CENT PURE: Honor—How far are you from the answer to the fourth question? System—About two seats. FACULTY WIT: “Your term paper is good enough to be published. In fact it has been published.” “A kiss is a vigorous exchange of saliva.” The contrib to the Moron’s Dictionary was very good . .. but let’s have some competition for those MARS PASSES . ..
Rent a Car for the Evening ROGER’S GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
Roth Florist, Inc. Complete Floral Service. Serving Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St, in Luna Theatre BuHding Phone 7955 — 8050
MONTGOMERT Eii/RUSSELl
with
STARTING TOMORROW Rochelle Hudson In “That I May Live” —nnd— Jameq Melton in “Melody fpr Two”
GRIN AND BEAR ff
By Liehty
“I’m getting worried about Della. When I was her age, I was married and settled down.”
^Stone Gathering^ Is Chief CleveWs Latest Innovation
By J. A. Hebbeler
’Twas truly a strange sight yesterday, when the passersby gazed at some of our young men walking around on the new varsity field, reaching down here and there and picking up little objects and placing them in a nice pile. Could it be that all the hard work had driven them a bit balmy and they had taken to picking daisys to pass the time away? No, it couldn’t be that since there were no daisys there: Upon closer inspection, one found that the men of brawn were picking up stones, and seemed in quite a big hurry about it, too, j
A Game Of Work
It was finally discovered that “Chief” Clevett had initiated a new pastime for the students. A “stone picking contest” he called it, and
ARC
—LAST DAY—
Wallace Beery and Cecelia Parker in “Old Hutch” —and— Stewart Erwin and Jack Haley in “Pigskin Parade” —also— Comi-Color Cartoon
—STARTING TOMORROWMadge Evans Lewis Stone In “The 13th Chair”
after 30 minutes of work the bdys found that it might be called a game, but it was also work. Frank Winchell, frosh basketball man, showed great form in winning the hard fought contest from “Tex” Foster, freshman football back, with 216 pounds of stones to “Tex’s” 196, to grab the reward. And the trophy was a fitting one for such a contest —a polished gall stone.
—LAST DAY-:-Wendy Barrie In “Breezing Home’ —»nA— Roscoe Karnes in “Clarence”
TOMORROW — FRI. — SAT, Paul Kelly in Tt Happened Out West’ —and— Jane Baxter in “April Romance”
MO mm DETECTIVE GUY KIBBEE TOM MOWN! LUCIE KAYE ITS FIRST RUN —PLUS—
USTONETO SEE "PENP AND SAM” IS AROTTENEDDl
Starts Thursday
Whoop La-La!
PLUS “The Gold Racket” with Conrad Nagel---Eleanor Huntr.* / 1- 1/
i!Ei£ £jd^niiilf
dEIEEuSljEfil
^4
. 1
Irish Baseball Combine
Downs Purdue Nine, 6-1
Purdue’s baseball nine failed to regain the stridd that carried to to victory so many times during the early part of the season and went down in defeat again yesterday afternoon before the fightin’ Irish with a final score of 6-1.
Close For 7 Innings Up until the first of the eighth inning the game was far from decided as the score board read Notre Dame 1 and Purdue 0. For seven innings the Boilermakers had hammered away at their opposition but were kept from putting across the run that would tie the marker gained by the Irish in the second. In the eighth however, the visitors stole a march on the Fehringmen and ran three runs across, following with two more in the ninth. With their backs to the wall and in danger of suffering a shut-out, Purdue turned on their steam in the last of the ninth and pushed over three hits with Lyboult scoring to give the home squad their only marker. The Boilermakers outhit the boys from South Bend 9 to 7, but didn’t have the necessary push needed to bring the runs in. Box score; , Notre Dame AB R H ' E Nardone, rf 5 0 10 Puplis, ss 4 10 0 Morowski, cf , 4 1 1 0 Mohr, If ... 4 1 1 0 O’Neill, 3b ... 3 1 1 2 Doyle, lb .... 3 0 1 q Braddock, 2b 4 110 Kovzelove, c . 3 0 0 0 Goncher, p . .. 4 1 1 Q Carson, lb 10 0 0
Totals 35 6 7 2 Purdue AB R H E Malysiak, If .... 4 0 0 0 Malaska, cf .. 3 0 2 0 Lyboult, 2b 4 110 Breslin, 3b 4 0 11 Dean, lb 4 0 11 Krause, c 4 0 10 Poulos, rf 4 0 10 Thompson, ss 3 0 2 0
Bredewater, p . 3 0 0 1 I Bartz 10 0 0
Totals ..34 1 9 Batted for Poulos in 9th.
Reamergi Establish
Athletic Trophy For Independents
Reamers Club will award an athletic participation trophy to the independent who has been the most outstanding in all around athletics, for the first time in the history of the club, this year. Before this time, the outstanding Independent in athletics has gone unheralded, so the Reamers decided to give this man some distinction for his success. Any independent is eligible for the trophy, and if he thinks he might qualify, he should leave his name with a complete list of the athletic activities that he has participated in this year, at the Intramural office. The Scoring to determine the winner of this first annual award will be based upon four things: 5 points will be given for earning a varsity letter: two points for earning an intramural championship; one point for runners up in an intramural event; and one point for participating as a member of intramural, varsity, or freshman varsity activity. This award will be given annually, from this time on, to the outstanding Independent in athletics.
45 Bremen High "School Seniors Visit Campus About 45 Breipen High School seniors inspected the University campus Monday morning under the snpervision of Mr. and Mrs. Churchill of the Bremen High School staif. After inspecting the buildings they left for Turkey Run and The Shades to round out their journey home.
Annual HUyer
Swim Today
Old Brown street bridge wiil once again be the scene of the climax of the fourteenth traditional AllUniversity swim this afternoon at 4 o’clock as 25 hopeful “iron men” test their strength and skill, by swimming two and one-half miles down the Wabash river from Lincoln Lodge. This year’s race finds more than twice as ^ many entrants as there were participants in last year’s swim. Of the 16 original entrants in the 1936 race, four were scared away by the threat of rain. B. G. Closson*s time of 27:38.4 winning last year’s race was caused by the low water lever of the river. With the much larger entry list and suitable condition of the river, a faster time can be expected this year. A statuette of a poised swimmer will be awarded the winner, and medals will be presented to the next three to finish.
Faculty Golf Finals Scheduled For Today The finals for the Faculty golf tournament will be held at the Lafayette public golf course, at 4 p. m., today, to determine which department is best in the golfing line. Each of the four teams representing the Mechanical Engineering, Military, Physical Education, and Electrical Engineering departments, will have three contestants entered to play 18 holes of golf with another contestant. The team having the lowest total score will be awarded the championship trophy and the members of the winning team will be given medals. The contestants representing the mechanical engineering department are: G. A. Young, H. G. Venemann, and H. Jacklin; for the military department: Captain Miller, Major Warren, and Captain Whistler; the physical education department: G. Mackey, H. Allen, L. W. LaBree; and the electrical engineering department: J. H.” Karr, L. E. Beck, and G. V. Mueller.
T his is a room in the Purdue Memorial Union
H ousing an Interesting collection of books which are
E ntertaining, instructive, and cultural
B rowsing among these books is one phase of R ecreation which should be a part O f the life of every college student. Whenever one has a few minutes
S pare time, or even time borrowed from a busy day.
I t may be profitably as well as enjoyably spent N avigating the pleasant seas of imagination via G ood book of travel or a tale of adventure.
R eadable books O n all sorts of subjects O r about all kinds of people offer Many happy hours to all who come to
7^.
1
/Z.
in the
PURDUE MEMORIAL
UNION
Corner of Campus—Center of Activity
Magazines Employ Exponent Editors
E. J. Tangerman, editor-in-chief of the Exponent in 1928-29, was in Lafayette Monday on business, accompanied by his wife and son. Tangerman IS now managing editor of Power, published by the McGrawHill Company. B. E. Sawyer, editor of the ’34-’35 Exponent, is now working on the editorial staff of Power. Frank Lawler, editor of the ’29’30 daily, is now a member of the editorial staff of Food Intustries.
OrmlMariin Wins
Reputation As Trackman^ Coach
Orval Martin, head track coach who will leave Purdue after this season, established an impressive record for himself as a middle distance and cross country runner, and has turned out several track stars of considerable ability. Martin went through three years of Big Ten track competition without a defeat and during his career set intercollegiate records at various distances from the half-mile to the two-mile. In the 1934 Drake Relays, Martin’s combination of McQueen, Crossman, Moore, and Popejoy set a new record of 10:15.3 for the medley relay. This time was almost four seconds better than the record set by Indiana in 1932. Last year Indiana’s team, including Lash and Smith, failed to set a new record for the relay. Breaks World Record
Kenneth Sandbach, one of Martin’s proteges, set the present world’s record of 7.4 seconds for the 60-yard indoor high hurdles at the Butler Relays in 1934. Sandbach was also Big Ten champion in the high hurdles that year, and the following year broke the state record for the 220-yard low hurdles. Duane Purvis, another of Martin’s track stars, broke the seven-year-old Big Ten record for the javelin thrdw as a sophomore, in 1933, with a heave of 208 feet, 5 and 1-4 inches, and the same year won the N. C. A. A. javelin toss with a throw of 216 feet, 6 1-4 inches— only one-half inch under the record. Purvis set a new track record for Ross-Ade Stadium the following year, tossing with an injured shoulder, and in 1935 won the state meet in that event. Trains Other Stars Other Martin stars include Popejoy, Big Ten two-mile champs in 1934, and a member of the recordbreaking Drake Relay team; Claude Moore, third in the N. C. A. A. mile
/ielclfer’i*... * ....choice •— By Bill Fifieid —
Mm
“Dutch” Fehring’s ptoUsge» were treated to some hard luck yesterday as the Irish fielders scooped op everything that came their way ... whether possible to get or not . . . and tossed them out... —fc— The b^st example was Nadone’s snag of Krause’s wallop which sent the ball nearly out to the fence in right field . . . Nardone raced out towards the fence and took the catch looking over his left shoulder . . . a beautiful play but plenty disheartening to the Boilermakers. —^fc— Bredewater struck out six opponents while Goncher could only account for four . . . Goncher went up in the air once and tried to argue the umpire out of a decision but to no avail.« —^fc— Stan Birleson, quarter-miler on the Michigan track team, who took third in the Big Ten meet, went to Michigan primarily as a basketball player. ... he finally decided he didn’t agree with the coach’s ideas so he went out for track . . showing that once an athlete, always an athlete ... in anything . . .
at California in 1935, and who beat Don Lash three times in that event at the close of the 1935 season; and Lakie Glendenning, whose best performance was a 1:55 half-mile in the 1936 Butler Relays. Coach Martin is considering a couple of coaching jobs and also some business offers.
“DEAC” ■AS EVERmiNG for « COLLEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISNER
FELTS and STRAWS
Icy white and soft, luxurious pastels for sport and dress-up occasions.
.98 - $2.95 Headsiz«s 21-24 NU-STYLE HAT SHOP
128 N. Third St.
HEY, JOE Please step this way a second
I thought I would remind you that you can save yourself a lot of trouble by selling your used text books at DE AC’S before you go home for the summer.
H. G. "Deac" REISNER
On the West Side
—^Natieaat Leugnw— Wow Lost Pet Pittsburgh , , 19 l9 .6Sfi New York 18 13 .581 St. Louis 16 13 SS2 Chicago . 16 14 .533 Brooklym .. . . 14 15 .4^ Boston 13 15 .464 Philadelphia 11 19 .366 Cincinnati . . l(f^ 18 .357 Teaterday’a Heanlts New York, 9; Cincinnati, 3. Brooklyn, 2; Pittsburgh, 1 Boston, 3; St. Louis, 1. Chicago, 5; Philadelphia, 9.
—^American League— Won Lost Pet New York 18 10 .643 Philadelphia _ 16 11 .577 Detroit .. 16 13 J52 Cleveland 13 11 .542 Boston 12 13 .480 Chicago 12 15 .444 Washington 13 17 .433 St. Louis 9 18 .333 Yesterday’s Results Boston, 4; St. Louis, 3. New York, 4; Detroit, 3. Cleveland, 4; Philadelphia, 2. Chicago, 9; Washington, 2.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONEaVT ADVERTISEIIS
The Risk Dental Clinic
om. PAUL A. ana DB. HABOUI J. aw DB. BOBBBT 6. BIBB
4M Schttlts Bldg. PhoM 5781
PROCESSAGING"
Me exc&fsh^ EDGEWORTH method to enrich fUtoor and take oat tongae bite
Try it at our Risk
IT htqipens in fine wines pens in tobacco—aging mdkme and enhant^ flavor. As every tobacco expert knows, pipe tobacco can be rushed throu^ the plant' and save big sums of money. Edgewmrth does not do this—^that’swhyEc^worth is different. Edgeworth is PROCESS-AG^ED, a meth^ as vital to these fine tobaccos as aging is to fine wines. Process-Aging requires twelve steps, each undear laboratory control. It ^es 4 to 7 tunes gs long as might seem necessary. But ^ no other way can we guaramtee that Edgeworth \^1 not bite the tongue If Edgewmrth is not the most d^ckms pipe tobacco you ever smoked or if it bites your tongue, your money will be cb^rfiilly refunded.
NOTE: There are three kinds of Edgeworth for you to choose Scorn: 1—Edgeworth Ready-Rubbed—a cool, long-burning tobacco prefared by seasoned pipe smokos.
2—Edgeworth Plug Slice—for the pipe smoker who likes to cnimWe the tibacco in his hands until it’s just right for him.
3—Edgeworth Jr—for the pipe (and cigarette) smoker—the same tobacco also Process-Aged, but cut for “roll your own” and manufactured to give the beginner a milder, more freeburning smoke.
EDGEWORTH^' EDGEWORTH-^
iSttiiiaiMiiiiiliiiiMiiiiia
wiMAiiiiiillhaI
tw/ , " SI ‘
if Al
4
New Co-ed Cabin
4
Leaders Announced
TBIE FDRDtm EXFONEMT
■ki
Co-eds who successfully passed the Cabin Leaders course given by W, A. A. the week of May 16, have become qualified cabin leaders. The women who are cabin leaders are permitted to "take groups out to the W. A. A. cabin and to act as directors on the excursions. One A leader or two B leaders must accompany any group that visits the
cabin.
Knowing regulations governing the cabin and grounds, being able to build fires, and giving first aid are among the requirements for cabin leaders. New A Leaders are: Marie Byers, Janette Shaffer, Elizabeth Maier, Muriel Snads, Irene Boehm, Doris Christenson. B leaders: Mary Miller, Martha Whitehead, Flora Holt, Alice Harrington, Anne Dunwoody, and Lillian Davis. Any cabin leader can take all girls or mixed company to the cabin located on the R. B. Stewart land, with permission from the office of the PEW staff. Facilities for picnics are available. Horseshoe pits, ping pong tables, and a small library of the cabin can be used by guests. Ten cents a person is the charge for the equipment fund from all who are not W. A. A. members. The cabin managing committee, chosen from old and new cabin leaders, has been appointed. Muriel Sands, Edith Whinery, Lillian Davis and Marjorie Rogers will be in charge of cabin care and finances next year.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
Name Cards—36 for 25c; programs, tickets, posters, letters, etc. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 South 29th. Phone 5205.
• «
T
NOTICIt
Itliwipkaa
Senate Nomlnatlona—Secure the petition forms for Senate nomination between 8 and 6 p. m. May 26, 26, or 27. All petitions must be turned in by May 27. —ROHYANS.
Alpha Phi Omegra—Special meetins May 26 at 7:80 in room A of the fTnion New members must attend. —MOORE.
Alpha Phi Omega—Get tickets and money in by May 27 to me at the Triangle House, 108 University. —FRANGOS.
Glider Club—Last meeting of semester to be held May 26 in room D of the Union Building at 7:16 p. m. All debts, including flying fees, are to be paid at this time. —Wiltshire.
Purdue Flying Club—Important meeting May 26, 4:80 p. m. in room A of the Memorial Union Building. Last meeting of the year. Pictures after meeting. —CONWAY. Student Senate—Convocation committee will meet in the Student Senate office at 4 p. m. May 26. —BOHTANS.
Gimlet Club—Meeting May 26 at 6 p. m. in the Sigma Chi house. Election of officers. —HODGDON.
Alpha Phi Omegai—Student-faculty bowling tournament will be held May 27 at 7 p. m. The teams will meet at the Union Alleys. —GASTON.
Phi Lambda Upsilon—Keys for the newly initiated members have arrived. Get them by May 27. —FREDERICKS.
Industrial Education—Prof. R. J. Greenly, of the education department, will address the industrial education group in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops May 27 at 7 p. m. -HOFFMAN.
Freshman Engineers—Freshman engineers will meet May 27 at 11 a. m. by schools as follows; Chemical engineers—Lecture room, of the Michael Golden Shops. Civil Engineers—Lecture room. Civil Engineering Building. Electrical Engineers—Room 264, Electrical Engineering Building. Mechanical engineers—Lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. Industrial education engineers—Prof. J. D. Hoffman’s office, Michael Golden Shops. Engineering law and public service engineers—Room 208, Engineering Administration Building. —KNAPP.
W. S. G. A. Mentors—Report to W. S. G. A. office. May 26, for interviews at specified time. 4 p. m.—Hamilton, Berry, Hickman, Ide, Hackleman, Swick, Bilger, Smith, McIntosh, Cooley, Learning, Jackjson, White, Howard, Laramore, Burton, McFarland, Sickman, B. McKee, and S. McKee. 4:16 p. m.—Zussin, Schilling, Oliver, Yoder, Knollman, Overstreet, Julian, Staltz, Steffer, Johnson, DeWitt, Beehler, Ainslie, Jacl^on, Cromer, Sidwell, Prentice, Eviston, Baker, and Bailey.
Work Wanted—To exchange for room. Charles Hamilton, 41804.
Tutor—Mathematics and Applied Mechanics. C. H. Clevenger, M.S., 236 Harrison street, West Lafayette.
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Grey Iron Castings McGrath Machine & Foundry South Third Street
”I’M FLYING HOME’’
Effective May Ist
New Low Rates. New Fast Airliners.
New Frequent Departures. Any Place in U. S, in 12 Hours! Call Bud Skiiuler, Kappa Sig House, 4031-4032
"Serving All the Airlines’*
Beach Scene
Seaside sirens are making this shop their headquarters for stunning beach apparel . . . suits that interpret this Summer’s gayest new trends, and robes and accessories of originality and youthful charm.
LOEB & HENE CO.
4:80 p. m.—'McCool, Merritt, George. BasCO, Fricke, Braeaemle, Glazher, Gardner, Thomas, Justin, Ristow, Trieschmann, McLain, Fultz, Rhynearson, Abel, Jenkins, Suliot, Phillips, and Bradshaw. 4:46 p. m.—Totten, Roberts, Markman, Creech, Amsden, Sachner, Trueblood, Dunn, Brasinger, Orankshaw, Roderick, Jorgeson, Young, Delp, Dowson, Keaton, Horton, Janousek. Rose, and Stiles. 6 p. m.—McKinsey, Thelen, Poor, Glunt, Clawson, Bannwart, McCleod, Tubbs, Fleig, Graves, Landgrebe, M. J. George, Delaplane, Carl, Whitehead, Rinfroe, Peek, Benton, McLaughlin, and Reece. -HUBER and BAIN,
B^neering Freshmbnf—All engineering freshmen who have sMeCted the mechanical engineering school will meet in il^wler Hall at 10 o’clock, Stoy 27. ‘ —YOUNG. Mortar Board—Meeting in W. S. G. A. office May 26 at 4 p, m. All members pledse be present. Very important. —ADKINS.
Scabbard and Blade—Call for membership certificates at the Phi Gamma Delta house. —BAKER.
W. A. A. Baseball—All star game will be played May 26 at 4 p. m. The following girls have been chosen: Gold Team—J. Shaffer, G. Walker, M. Wilson, J. Scudder, L. Thompson, L. Davis L. Newman, J. Campbell, G. Halstead, and G. Lockner. Black Team—M. Charles, B. Arnold, M.
Horseback Riding>—Girls in Wednesday 1 ;80 p. m. group report at 1 p. m. May 26 for makeup lesson. —HAZELTON.
Skull and Crescent—^Very important meeting May 27 at 7:80 p. m. in room F of the Memorial Union Building. —DREVER.
Concert Choir—Important rehearsal on May 27 at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. —S'TEWART. , P. 1, A. Membership Campaign—All independent students interested in working with the P. L A. membership campaign comp mittee next fall, please report at the P. I. A. office at 7 p. m.. May 26. —MABY.
“Don’t go to Mexico to get chile— We have it here just as hot, say!— Don’t forget those delicious Spanish Hamburgers. .. Hm-m-m” Manhattan Sandwich Shop 510 Main St.
WITH THIS NEW GENERAl
ELECTRIC 'JUNIOR'
FAN
NOW
HIGH QUALITY AT LOW COST HAYWOOD’S 6th and Ferry Sts.
Sehroeder, L Weishaar, M. Walker, M. Fit<A, B. Bratlch, D. Patterson, V. Blank, and R. Wfler. —TOWNSEND. Military Studento—Any freshman or sophmore who was awarded a medal in the Best Soldier contest may have the same by calling in the Supply Room. Please get them as soon as possible. —WHISTLER.
A. S. M. E.—Election meeting May 28 at
4 p. m. in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. —WBDDY. Camera Club—^Important meeting for the election of officers 4 p. m. May 27, in room 108 of Heavllon Hall. —STROM.
Basic Military Students—^ny basic student who has not turned in his uniform should do so before May 29 at noon. I —WHISTLER.
TEACHERS WANTED Enroll immediately—Positions now open. Primary, intermediate, advanced grades, commercial, Spanish, Latin, English, history, music, piano and others. Enclose stamped envelope. WESTERN STATES Low Placement Fee PROFESSIONAL PLACEMENT BUREAU 608-9 McIntyre Bldg. Salt Lake aty, Utah
CARBURETOR YELLO-BOLE
New way of burning tobacco -better, cooler, cleaner. Car-buretor-Action cools smoke. Keeps
IOC bottom of bowl abaotuteiy dry. I Caked with honey. At dealers’ now.
LATEST DISCOVERY IN PIPES
I
We Carry a Complete Assortment of YELLO BOLE Pff ES H. 6. (Dear) REBNER
Southworth Clothing Store
(316 State, West Lafayette )
QUITTING BUSINESS Everything For Sale But The DOOR KEY Out it goes- LOCK, STOCK and BARREL • SOCIETY BRAND CLOTHING • STETSON HATS • ARROW SHIRTS • INTERWOVEN HOSIERY
ARROW SHIRTS (and other makes) $1.15 values $ .77 $1.65 values $1,27 $2.00 values $1.55
POLO SHIRTS 50c T Shirts 33c 69c values 37c 85c values 57c $1.00 values 77c
50c Interwoven Hosiery....33c Anklets too
NEW 1937 SOCIETY BRAND SUITS
$25.00 C $1^85 $27.50
S” Suits »19“=
$35.00 Suits *21*^
S Suits
$16.75 SUMMER du-a SUITS
$2.00-$2.50 Pajamas $1.35 i$5.00 Stetson Hats $3.35 $1.00 Neckwear 65c Summer Patterns
$1.00 Sport Belts 65c
$1.00 Suspenders 65c
All Jewelry 1-3 off
SOUTHWORTH