k
<?
Purdue
Exponent
Volume 4, No.\ ^7
Wednesday, July 10, 1940
Oolfe Will Speak At Summer Session Dinner
Dietrich To Present Three Plays Tomorrow Night
Ben H. Petty
. . . professor of highway engineering at the University, has been selected as one of the live nationally known engineers to judge a
Will Address Students On"Democracy vs. Dictatorship --The Modern Challenge
it
Following the annual summer session banquet tomorrow night, three one act plays, directed by J. E. Dietrich of the Speech department, will be presented at 8:30 p.m. from the stage of the new Hall of Music.
Although curtain time has been set tentatively for 8:30, the plays will be held up until the summer session banquet is over, giving those who attend the banquet the opportunity to attend the plays also. Studebaker Chorus In addition to the plays the Studebaker Chorus from the Studebaker plant in South Bend will furnish musical diversion. “Alchemy,” a phantasy on an inventor who discovers a health ray which converts lead into gold in the process will be played by Joe Martin, Bob Peterson, Jean Booth, and Charles Hough. Harold Maftin, Irene Sakacs, and Bill Callahan, Charlie Powell, John Peters, Arthur Stine, and Dorothy Bertsch. Space Lighting The productions will make use of the full stage with space lighting effects and units for sets. In other words, the props and characters will be centered under bright lights with the rest of the stage dark, removing the necessity of elaborate sets. The plays were originally scheduled for Wednesday night but were changed to Thursday because of conflict with other University functions and because the presence of the Studebaker Chorus made an interesting addition to the program. The general public is invited without charge.
U. S. Steel Musical Groups To Appear Here Next Week
60 Drug Clerks Open First Annual Meeting
Sixty drug clerks from fourstates, including Indiana, Illinois, Kentucky, and Ohio, were in attendance here yesterday as the first annual conference at the University got into full swing with the presentation of latest developments in the technical and commercial sides of pharmacy by recognized authorities. C. O. Lee, of the University staff, outlined the make-up of the modern pharmacist’s library, while Carl J. Klemme, also of University staff, took up the sex hormones and related compounds. R. J. Kiefner, of the Upjohn Co., provided hints on how to sell vitamins, while “better selling” was demonstrated by P. E. Lull, of the speech staff. In the afternoon, M. L. Sutton, of the Mooney-Mueller-Ward Co., outlined methods of developing the sundry business, while E. J. Robb, of the Eastman Kodak Co., spoke on “The Photo Line for Fun and Profit.”
Coupled with the regular University sponsored community sing on Wednesday evening will be a program of music presented by a 100-piece band and 100-voice chorus composed of steel workers in the plants of United States Steel in Gary. Program will open at 8 o’clock and will be free to summer session students. Tickets will be sold at the door for 20 cents to adults and 10 cents to children. Group singing will be under the' direction of A. P. Stewart, University music director. The U. S. Steel band will open its program with a selection written by a member of the company, “Men of Steel.” The chorus then will sing and stage a “forge” selection, accompanied with the pouring of hot metals, the effect being produced by the use of neon tubes. The chorus’s second and the group’s last selection' will be a Stephen Poster arrangement with a special stage setting. The U. S. Steel groups appear under the Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation Band and the CarnegieIllinois Male Chorus, and are- directed by K. W. Resur. Both of the groups are from the Gary Mills.
country-wide contest to determine best-managed county highway departments in the United States, it was announced in the May, 1940, issue of Belter Roads. Other judges in the contest are Roy W. Crum, director Highway Research Board; Frank W. Herring, executive director American Public Works Association; Hal G. Sours, incoming president of American Road Builders’ Association; and W. 0. Washington, consulting engineer, of Brownsville, Texas. Winners in the ' five divisions, classed according to county population, will be announced in the October issue of the magazine.
Summer Sesseion Committee There will be a meeting at noon today. Meet at 12 noon at the West desk of the Union. Hall.
Dictatorship vs. Democracy will be the feature battle of the evening tomorrow night.
Henry C. Wolfe
when Henry C. Wolfe, authority on international affairs, addresses students, faculty, and townspeople at the annual summer session banquet in the North Union ballroom on the subject of “Dictatorship vs. Democracy—The Modern Challenge.” It was Wolfe who predicted the Nazi-Soviet deal months before Berlin and. Moscow joined in their pact. Ends Conference The banquet will provide the closing feature of the educational leaders conference and is open to the general public. In addition to Wolfe’s address, the banquet^program will include musical entertainment by both the Studebaker Chorus, from the Studebaker plant in South Bend, and the University Summer Session Chorus. The banquet will be over in time for all those in attendance to adjourn to the Hall of Music for the presentation of three one act plays, directed by J. E. Dietrich.
Musicians Will Convene For Contest
rr
Milo Luka
Insurance Men Attend Short Course For Underwriters
Carmen," Grand Opera, Will Open At
A, F, Thaviu
8:15 P M, Saturday
’Outstanding insurance authorities from various parts of the middle west appeared before 120 rural life underwriters attending the short course at the University yesterday. The primary course, which opened Monday, will continue through Saturday, and will be followed by an advanced course next week.
. . . baritone who will be heard in “Carmen” in the Music Hall Saturday. He appears as Escamillo in the presentation.
Topics presented before the insurance men yesterday included types of contracts and their adaptation to rural needs, life insurance as an investment, fraternal life insurance, analysis of a policy, and the plans and purposes of life insurance.
Speakers included N., K. Neprud, superintendent of agents, Lutheran A. L. Odebrecht, assistant sales Brotherhood, Minneapolis, Minn.; manager, Farm Bureau Insurance Services, Columbus, Ohio; A. L. Dern, vice-president, Lincoln National Life Insurance Co., Fort Wayne; B. A. Million, general agent, No^rthwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co., Evansville, and Eber M. Spence, general agent. Provident Mutual Life Insurance Co., Indianapolis.
The University will play host to approximately fifty musicians and their organizations Saturday afternoon when the Indiana Music Festival Contest opens in the Union at 1 o’clock. Climaxing Saturday’s program, the opera “Carmen,” presented by grand opera singers from Chicago, will be staged at 8:15 o’clock that evening in the Music Hall. Competition at the contest in the afternoon is to choose 9 winners from the various groups entered for the Chicagoland Music Festival later this summer. Contests Free Admission to the contests ip the afternoon is free, but seats to “Carmen” will cost from 25 cents for summer session students to 50 cents for townspeople and guests, with reserved seat prices at 75 cents and $1.00. Summer session students by presentation of their enrollment card at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building will receive a card which when delivered to C. S. Doan’s office in the Fieldhouse will credit them with 25 cents on their ticket, making tickets cost actually 25 cents. Students are warned that without the card from the cashier’s office tickets will be 50 cents, just as they are to townspeople. Reserved tick-
Tickets may be obtained in the offices of the heads of the departments and schools of the University and at the West desk of the Union. Prices are 75 cents for students and one dollar for all others.
Wolfe has known Russia for a period of 18 years and returned from there only a few months ago. He also visited Finland at the outbreak of their conflict, and has been in Rumania, Italy, and Poland within recent months. The first month of the war Wolfe spent in France.
. . . internationally known director and impresario, who will appear in “Carmen” Saturday night in streamlined presentation of the famous opera.
Watch Russia He has expressed the belief that the relations between Hitler and Stalin will decide the course of world history. In a recent statement Wolfe said, “Don’t be s.urprised if the Russians should enter a deal with the British against the Germans. If Stalin believes that such a move will promote world revolution he will do just that.”
Wolfe will be introduced by the newly appointed member of the Board of Trustees, Allison E. Stuart.
Motion Picture Camera^ Featured In Exhibit
By Willis Markham Yesterday we strolled over to the Union to see what the boys of the Educational Clinic were doing, but the publishers’ exhibit interested us so much we forgot all about the boys. They were in class anyway. At first it appeared that this was just a part of the Clinton County fair, but we decided that this had it all over the fair even if there wasn’t a ferris wheel to ride on. People were milling around long lines of tables decorated with banners, so we just followed the crowd. Drunken Driving First we came to some charts demonstrating the effect of alcohol on the vision—it made us dizzy just to look at them. Maybe there is something to this drunken driving we hear so much about. We staggered over to the next exhibit which
consisted of maps for classroom use, but we didn’t stop because we figured it would be a waste of time until militaristic cartographers reach an agreement (we have an idea it would only be temporary at
best).
Biology charts on mitosis, blood circulation, and anatomy held our interest for awhile, and then we scanned the numerous exhibits on textbooks, ranging all the way from kindergarten through high school. We noticed that they are still making ’(gfiikbooks—you recall them, no
doubt.
A Lot Of Lock
There was more than just books and charts to see, however. Calculating machines of various kinds were on display and even combinalocks. They had the largest
tion
padlock we had ever seen. It was about 2 feet high. Most likely they borrowed it from Paul Bunyan. vOf interest to school teachers, perhaps, was the library clearing house. (We were glad we took Banking last fall so we knew what a clearing house was.) This recently developed library service permits teachers to buy any books from 400 publishers through the association, thus saving themselves much time and expense by the simplicity of the method. Motion Pictures Motion picture machines formed a large part of the exhibits. We saw newsreels of the Russian invasion of Finland and even part of Conan Doyle’s “The Lost World.** Improved projectors of colors films made the stereoscope seen anachro-
nistic. A novel projector of biology slides reverses the old custom of looking into the microscope. Light comes from underneath the slide and out through a prism mounted on the eyepiece, projecting the image on a screen. One man insisted that we buy a motion picture machine. This high pressure line had us worried, for we couldn’t imagine what we would do with a motion picture machine. We were beginning to wonder how we could get out of there. At a crucial moment, just as he stopped long enough to take a breath, someone played the national anthem and when everyone stood up we crawled out. We agreed, nevertheless, that the Educator boys “have something there.”
ets, then, will “grieve” University summer session students 75 cents and other purchasers $1.00. A. P. Stewart, University music director and also director of the festival, said yesterday that students are offered a special bargain in the present set-up and that tickets are going well. Competition Contest competition in the afternoon will include the vocal group which will meet in the Music Room of the Union at 1 o’clock, tl)e choral group whiclrwill meet in the Music Room at 2 o’clock, the instrumental group whose contest will start at 1 o’clock in the Faculty Loungef and the baton twirlers who will meet in the Faculty Lounge at 2 o’clock and will then go from there into the wide-open spaces, probably behind Fowler Hall. Preceding “Carmen” in the evening will be a 40 minute program by the winners of the afternoon and under the direction of Phil Maxwell, of the Chicago Tribune, as master of ceremonies. Following this will be a ballet, and then “Car-
Visiting Alumnus Tells Of Changes At Purdue Since 1873
Janet Gaylord
. . . HE ’40, has accepted a position in New Carlisle where she will teach home economics and biology. She is^a member of Alpha Lambda Delta, Omicron Nu, and Kappa Delta Pi honoraries and Phi Mu sorority.
Hon. Chase S. Osborn, alumnus of the University, former governor of Michigan, woild traveler, explorer, author, and newspaper publisher, passed through here over the Fourth enroute from his winter home in ’Possum Poke, Possum Lane, Georgia, to Sault Ste Marie, Mich., and his summer home on Duck Island, near there. “The growth of Purdue is astounding,” said Mr. Osborn, after he had been taken on a tour of the campus by President E. C. Elliott. “We had only three buildings when I enrolled here, and only two or three dozen students. That was late in 1873 and we didn’t start in classes until the following March. Didn’t Graduate Mr. Osborn was in the preparatory school and would have graduated from the University in 1880, but dropped out of the University a few weeks before getting his diploma to start in newspaper work. He at one time owned three newspapers, one in Georgia and another in California which he has given to his sons, and the third at Sault Ste Marie, which he still ovms. A painting of Governor Osborn pictured as the “iron hunter,” a role in which he achieved fame because of the ore ranges he discovered, hangs in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union building.PORDUE EXPONENT
Five Conferences Converge On Campus
Begin One Of Summer Sessions Busiest Weeks
Drug clerks, rural life underwriters, and secondary school administrators converged on the University campus for the opening Monday of three separate short courses and conferences which will launch one of the busiest weeks of the summer session. Coming on the heels of the three conferences—opening Monday, the third annual Educational Leaders’ Clinic opened yesterday, while the state meeting of the Indiana Nurserymen’s Association will be held today. Life Insurance
A total of 120 life insurance men were on hand for the opening session of the first unit of the short course on rural life underwriting which will continue for the remainder of the week and be followed by an advanced course the week of July 15 to 20. The bulk of the insurance men are being housed in the Cary Halls. Problems peculiar to rural life underwriting, thp differences between the,rural and urban mind, the history of life insurance, operation of an insurance company, and the making of a rate were among the topics on the program. Speakers included Alden C. Palmer, educational director of Insirrance Research and Review Service, Indianapolis; Dr. O. F. Hall, of Purdue; Howard E. Nyhart, manager of the Connecticut General Life Insurance Co., Indianapolis; Horace Storer, manager of the Bankers’ Life Co., Indianapolis, and Virgil Samms, general agent of the Mutual Benefit Life Insurance Co., Indianapolis. Drug Clerks Fred A. Russell, dean of the school of business of the University of Illinois, was among the headline speakers befoie the first annual conference for drug clerks which will continue through Friday morning. Other speakers before the preliminary afternoon session included Dean C. B. Jordan and Henry W. Heme, of the school of pharmacy, and R. J. Greenly, of the division of education and applied psychology. Workshop School The “Workshop in Secondary School Administration,” which will continue through Saturday, July 20, opened with high school principals from all parts of the state in attendance. Fourteen outstanding educational leaders from all parts of the middle west comprise the workshop staff and will conduct the series of lectures and discussion seminars designed to provide an opportunity to discuss currently important secondary school problems. Nurserymen Gather At University Today For State Meeting Nurserymen from throughout the state will gather at the University today for the Indiana Nurserymen’s Association state meeting. Over 100 representatives are expected to register in the Memorial Union Building between 9:30 and 10:30 ajn. Campus Tour Association President Wiegand will preside at the opening general session, and greetings will be given by Dr. E. C. Elliott, president of the University. Following a business meeting and luncheon. Prof. Frank Hall will talk on “Current World Problems,” and Dr. G. D. Scarseth will discuss “The Relationship Between Good Growth and Soils.” Both speakers are membeis of the University faculty. A feature of the program will be the afternoon tour of the Univer'sity campus /and buildings, with stops at the recently dedicated Music Hall, fieldhouse, an port, and the University. This trip will be conducted by T. R. Johnson, publicity director. A special program has been planned for the ladies, which includes ^^8itB to the Home Economics Buildings, Women’s Residence Halls, and a luncheon in the Memorial Union Building. Production methods and growing techniques will be discussed at this conference, with a view toward greater quality and quantity of growths.
Educators Register From Five States Here Monday Educators from five states registered in the Union Building Monday for the third annual University sponsored clinic for educational leaders which opened yesterday. Edgar G. Doudna, Secretary of the State Board of Regents of Normal Schools, Madison, Wis., addressed the educators in one of the opening sessions of the conference last night at 8 o’clock in the north ballroom of the Union. His subject was “Demagogues or Pedagogues.” Cli^c officials have announced that the general public is invited to attend tonight’s feature address by Dr. Charles H. Judd, of the National Youth Administration, Washington, D. C., on “Co-operation in Solving the Problems of American
Youth.”
■ J. B. Nash The three-day clinic, which will continue through Thursday, was opened Tuesday morning with a discussion of “Health and Physical Education Relationships in Terms of School as a Whole” by J. B. Nash, of New York University. Discussion of Nash’s presentation was led by R. D. Shaffer, principal of Central High School, Muncie, and Hilda Schwehp, instructor in physical education at Fort Wayne. In the afternoon, A. J. Klein, of Ohio State Univ^sity, spoke on “Adventures in Teacher Selection or Selection Through Preparation.”
Exhibit
In connection with the clinic, a; exhibit of educational textbook: and equipment, including sound projectors, film strips, colored movies, and other visual education aids, has been erected in the south ball room of the Union Building and overflows into the connecting rooms. A total of 58 different exhibitors are represented in the display which is of interest to the general public as vrell as the educators attending the clinic. The display will be open for inspection on this evening for the convenience of the general pub-
lic.
f
Secondary School Principals Enter Two Week Course Six well-known educational leaders from various parts of the middle west are assisting University staff members in conducting the “Workshop in Secondary School Administration” which opened here Monday to continue for a two weeks’ period with 25 secondary school administrators in attendance. The two .week program has been planned so that formal lectures supplement group seminars in which the workshop students devote their attention to individual school administrative problems in which they are particularly interested.
Leaders
In addition to staff members, educational leaders appearing before the workshop include Victor Spathelf, administrative assistant of the Highland Park, Mich., schools; Francis T. Flynn, associate professor of social work. University of Notre Dame; Earl R. Sifert, principal of Proviso Township High School, Maywood, 111.; T. R. McConnell, professor of education. University of Minnesota; Prank W. Parr, piofessor of secondary education, Oregon State College and Paul Young, Boys’ Advisor, Davenport, la., high school. University Staff University staff members include B. C. Lawson, piofessor of vocational education; B. L. Dodds, assistant professor of education; E. Lowell Kelly, associate professor of psychology; Russell J. Greenly, professor of trade and industrial education; Alma Long, assistant professor of home economics education; Floyd R Eastwood, associate professor of physical education for men; Harriet E. O’Shea, associate professor of psychology; J. L. Leevy, instructor in sociology.
wiik. JthsL flOJC AT-fiTWX
R. 0. T. C. Camp Port Knox, Ky. July 2, 1940. Dear Bob: Haven’t heard from you since I last wrote so I shall assume that you are even busier than I. I am enclosing the last three Guidon’s which cover things in pretty good order. And I’ll add a few notes of my own. The R. 0. T. C. layout includes about 880 men all told of which about 170 are from Lafayette. There are 4 batterys of field artillery and. 4 companies of engineers and infantrymen (belly soldiers). The entire camp includes around 8.900 men, so we are a rather small
Preserve The Interior And Exterior of your house with Pittsburg Paints We Carry a Complete Line of Mirrors and Window Gloss HUNECK'S , GLASS AND PAINT CO. 826 Main St. Phone 3841
—^but potent drop in this ocepn of COD (Cotton Olive Drab). Weather has been hot and dry. But cold at night. Dust and slvept mix in profusion plus sunburn and
sore feet.
First dance—tag affair—^was held awhile back and the boys really made hey! As a group they are down on Mint Juleps filled with weeds at 60 cents. Major Warren is commanding ‘B’ Battery and Major White, ‘A’ Battery. Each Battery includes 3 regular captains. Pay day yesterday—and the canteen gradually begins work on another pay check. Between the canteen and Louisville the boys manage to keep pretty broke. Some of the boys have been talking of coming back for the summer prom—they even talk as if they
have dates.
C^mp isn’t ipuch different from ^ school. We stilMive for Wedpesday afternoons and week-ends. - Have boys from all over the 5th corp area: Purdue, Ohio State, Xavier, Rose Poly, Indiana, and a few more smaller schools. July 2 marked the first of the actual firing. Each of the 4 Battery fired around 240 rounds of 37 mm. low explosion (LE) shells. (About in diameter and used in war time as an antitank gun.) The PA is going down to Mammoth Cave for an over night field trip on July 12 and 13th (Thursday and Friday). The trip is on the government and promises some fine
spprt—^but little sleep on the bare ground. Well, Bob, this covers some of the life of the camp. If you get time, answer my first letter. And we haven’t seen hide nor hair of any Expos down here. Do you think you could arrange a blitzkrieg? Rollo.
AIR CONDITIONED COOL
TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
MICKEY ROONEY WALLACE BERRY — instable MATES — PLUS — JACK BENNY in Artists and Models
STARTS THURSDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
TARZAN FINDS A SON with JOHNNY WEISSMULLER —PLUS— It's a perfect crime and we're Calling Philo Vance with JAMES STEPHENSON
—ADMISSION— MATINEES 20c NIGHTS and SUNDAYS Established Price . . 22c Tax .... 3c Total ... . 25c
AIR CONDITIONED
—THUR. - FRI. - SAT.GEORGE O'BRIEN — IN — "Marshall pf Mesa City'
AND-
MOVnAjoWCARROlL
AMoHomAMmnn
— Also — 'DRUMS OF FU MANCHU' Serial
LAST TIMES TODAY Cispo KID and THE LADY FIVE LITTLE PEPPERS 'BOY SCOUTS TO THE RESCUE'
-LAST TIMES TODAY— DOJUOLAS MADELEINI FAIRBANKS,Jr. CARROL!
%A Pafamtmt Piaurc*
TOMORROW - fRl. - SAT.
HE’S THE SALT OF THE SEASho's the Apple of Hit Byel
THE GRANDEST f AIR OF OID^ LOVE BIRDS SINQMIN and BIUI TflECumnl iuimy
STARTS SUNDAY
SUUAVAN'STEWART 1 ^MORGAN .g^i^YOUNS
luha LAST DAY—2 FEATURES LANA TURNER JOAN BLONDELL — IN — "Two Girls on Broadway" — PLUS-
GENE AUTRY JANE WITHERS — IN — 'SHOOTING HIGH'
Thurs.-Fri.-Sat.—2 Hits "DEAD END KIDS" NAN GREY — IN — "You're Not So Tough' — PLUS —
noun! PI
-LAST TIMES TODAY— DOhl AMECHE ALLEN CURTICE — IN — "FOUR SONS"
TOMORROW - FRIDAY O.Henry’s romantic
STARTS SATURDAY
SOL LESSER piosents Oil TUN
PuIilKiPiiuPtiy
U^alkhu^ mai^ bsL qoDit sx&hiddJL
But your date for that all important date will think you are much smoother if you take her in a cab.
YELLOW CAB CO
3071
PHONES
5023. x-
VV(e^esday, J^ly 10. 1940
JPUHPUE EXPONENT
Letter To The Editor
(Ed. Note: The following letter ;was teceived in regard to an editorial “We’re Off—This Is Preventative Propaganda” which appeared in this paper several weeks ago and was reprinted in the Chicago Daily Tribune.)
Abilene, Kans. Rural Route 3 June 24, 1940. Dear Sirs: In the Tppeka D^iiy Capital, Sunday, Jpne 23 issue £|.ppeared a lengthy article from Purdue ISxponent, entitle “We’re Off—This Is Preventative Propaganda.” In all
this vast barrage of balderdash, hys-: teria, hooey and noise that has filled our newspapers the past weeks your article was read with profound satisfaction. Oh, it was such a relief to fiiid some one who thinks like yourself. I thought I was the only one left who felt that way. I well remember the last wor for I was a young man then, but I never saw no such mess of frothing crackpot nonsense as we are witnessing today. I confess with shame that W. A. White is a fellow citizen of this state. He should say “We’re Off— In the Head.” I don’t know what ails our leaders today. Such a specr tacle as they present. You have the right idea. Keep it up. Many thanks for your very fine article. Sincerely, F. E. Spicer.
Freshness y' I For Summer Wear
We know, all the answers to the problem of keeping your summer garments fresh and spottless as the day you bought them. It’s an art, too, that takes skill and workmanship. If you want the best cleaning, ask us to call—^weVe been pleasing people for many years. ^
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
You’ll like the firm feeling of strength in these Cannon towels. They’re spongy, quick to absorb, white, with striped borders Write or phdne, if you can’t come, hut stock up your linen closet today.
ea.
cfaeb^
Bold and Black
Friends of Eleanor Miller, Theta lover, and Phi Belt Strong wish they would put their scenes on in other places that the top step INSIDE of the WRH. You kept six of your bashful friends from entering the hall on last Wednesday night.
—B &B-
We understand the Sig Eps are getting mighty tired of answering the phone and having fifteen year old Chicago girls from 6th street on the east side pester them. According to latest reports they at least would like to talk to girls that have grown up.
-B &B-
Talk over-heard between two charming co-eds— “Do you know Bob Pirnat that fellow who is always carrying a snake around ?”, said co-ed number one. “Yes, I know him too well, and he is the only fellow I know that would play with a snake;” was the reply. —B & B—
Your columnist is wondering why
Purdue’s big fullback is always attempting to spend his week-ends in our state capital. Let us in on your secret John Petty! Ed’s Note: Treva Berry,lives in Indianapolis. —B & B— Buck Benson must have found a lot to talk about Monday night when his fraternity brothers sucked him into taking a date with an east side girl he had never seen. Buck had to meet her mother and he then spent two hours talking to her. She couldn’t have been that bad now could she Buck ? Was she old enough to talk ? —B & B— We are wondering when Paul Hamman, Sigma Nu man about town, is going to start his political campaign for the office Prof. Phillips thinks he is capable of holding. Paul if you will submit to the Exponent your platform we will be glad to give you some publicity. P. S.—^The office is County inspector of fence pickets. Our suggestion—Get Eleanor Haas, Theta, as your manager. —B & B— Your columnist cannot understand what is wrong with Dan Cupid this summer. We are totally ignorant of any pin mergers that have taken place this summer. Come, come Dan old boy let’s shoot a few of your well known arrows.
Save as Much as 22 Cents or More, Quality for Quality, by using
Shadow-Art’s Exclusive Photofinishing Service
,Do Not Risk Favorite Films to Imitation Finishing. Ask for Shadow-Art Service at
Southworth'S
508 STATE STREET
VARIETY
ECONOMY
Here you may enjoy your favorite dishes and acquaint yourself with delicious new ones
QUICK SERVICE
rm-t ^ ' The two fast-moving lines save time when you eat in the
CAFETERIA
JhiL fituvdusL TflsmofuaL lAnion.
The Comer of the Campus-— Yet the Center of Activities
Derringer, West Lead National League All-Stars To 4-0 Shutout Over Americans
Paul Derringer, hard luck pitcher of the Cincinnati Reds in all previous All-Star and World Series games with American League representatives, launched a pitching duel in St. Louis’ Sportsman’s Park yesterday which was decided in his favor by Max West’s homer with two aboard in the first inning as the National Leaguers recorded the first shutout of the All-Star series, 4-0. West, centerfielder from the Boston Bees, sent Ruffing’s first pitch, 9 wide curve ball, over the right field pavilion screen to score Vaughan and Herman, who had singled previously, home ahead of him. The other Nat run was scored in the eighth when Ott received a base on balls, went to second on Finney’s bad throw-in, took third on McCormick’s sacrifice bunt down the third base line, and scored on Danning’s single to right field. Manager Bill McKechnie sent 22 National League players onto the ■field as the third National victory in eight starts was put on the books. Five pitchers saw action. Derringer, Walters, Wyatt, and French serving two innings each in that order, and Hubbell working in the ninth. Eighteen players of the junior circuit were called on. Ruffing and Newsom hurling three innings each and Feller finishing up. Lone hitting star of the American League team was Luke Appling, White Sox shortstop, who doubled off Derringer in the second inning and singled off French in the eighth. Detroit pitcher Buck Newsom wrangled the only other hit for the losers, with a sixth iri’ning single off Wyatt. Billy Herman, Cub second-base-man, had a perfect day at bat with three singles in as many trips to the plate, getting his first hit to left field, the second through the box to center field, and the third through the infield hole into right field. It may suffice to say that a batting average of .303, sported by the seemingly powerful American League aggregation, went for
naught against National League pitching, which doesn’t come up to that of the Amenc^n League in the records, but which was superior long enough to put the game on ice and keep it there. The Nats didn’t waste any of their poorly .287 composite starting lineup average, six of their blows coming from .300-or-better hitters, and the timely blow, a home rvm, coming from West, who came to bat with a .285 average. The box score: American League AB. R. H. O. A. Travis, 3b 3 0 0 0 0 Keltner, 3b 1 0 0 2 1 Williams, If 3 0 0 3 0 Finney, rf 1 0 0 0 0 Keller, rf 3 0 0 4 0 Greenberg, If 1 0 0 0 0 DiMaggio, cf 4 0 0 2 0 Foxx, lb 3 0 0 4 2 Appling, ss 3 0 2 0 0 Boudreau, ss 0 0 0 0 0 Dickey, c 1 0 0 2 0 Hayes, c 10 0 10 Hemsley, c 1 0 0 3 0 Gordon, 2b 2 0 0 1 1 Mack, 2b 1 0 0 0 0 Ruffing, p 1 0-0 0 2 Newsom, p 10 10 1 Feller, p 1 0 0 2 3
Totals 31 0 3 24 10
Tennis Tournament
Open To Everyone
National League AB.R. Vaughan, ss 3 1 Miller, ss 1 Herman, 2b 3 Coscarart, 2b 1 West, rf 1 Nicholson, rf 2 Ott, rf 0 Mize, lb 3 McCormick, lb 0 Lombardi, c 2 Phelps, c 0 Danning, c 1 Medwick, If 3 J. Moore, If 1 Lavagetto, 3b 3 May, 3b “ 0 T. Moore, cf ss 3 Derringer, ‘ p 1 Walters, p 0 Wyatt, p 1 French, p 0 Hubbell, p 0
H. o. a:
1 0
0 2 3 0
0 0
10 0 0 10 0 0 0 0 9 0 0 0 0 13 0 0 10 16 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Beginning Sunday, a mixed tennis tournament, open to eds, co-eds, students, and faculty, will get underway, finishing on Saturday, July 20. Sheets have been posted on the bulletin boards of the women’s gym and the fieldhouse, and all those who wish to play should sign up by Sunday evening. Schedules will be posted Monday and matches will be played off during the week. The tennis courts behind the fieldhouse will be reserved for tournament players. Anyone desiring additional information should call Miss Case at the women’s gym or “Chief” Clevett at the fieldhouse.
Totals
29 4 7 27 16
2 innings; Hubbell, 0 in 1 inning.
Winning pitcher—Derringer. Losing pitcher—Ruffing.
SPECIAL
Tuesday Wednesday Thursday ONLY
SPORT SHIRTS 79° and 49°
ENSEMBLE SUITS *3 ®® <md »2 ®9
Error—Finney. Runs batted in— West 3, Danning. Home run—West. Two base hit—Appling. Left on bases—Nationals, 1% Americans, 3. Double play—Coscarart to Miller to McCormick. Struck' out-^by Derringer, 3; Wyatt, 1; French, 2; HubbelL,l; Ruffing, 2; Newsom, 1; Feller, 3. Hit by pitched ball—May by Feller (8th,). Bases on balls—Derringer, 1; Hubbell, 1; Newsom, 1; Feller, 1. Hits—Rufldng, 5 in 3 innings; Newsom, 1 in 1 inning; Fel-
ler, 1 in 1 inning; Derringer, 1 in y
Mil'A
PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, July 10, 1940
Jimsdij^ JjcxJUl
The ^th Purdue Exponent
Another All-Star Game . . . will be played this year in Soldier’s Field in Chicago on August 29 and again Boilermaker followers have hopes of placing at least one or two of their favorite players to the squad which will face the Green Bay Packers, champions of the National Professional Football League. Last year, three Purdue gridders, Joe Mihal, Paul Humphrey, and Tony Ippolito were elected to the All-Star squad, with Mihal being named one of the starting team. Petitions are already beginning to circulate among the students for individual members of last year’s Boilermaker eleven. Plans are already under way to set up polling booths in several places on both sides of the river in order to further aid the drive to elect more Boilermakers to the All-Star squad. Election to the squad is generally regarded as one of the highest honors attainable for collegiate gridders. And Purdue men who have been elected to play in the classic game have never failed to acquit themselves in noble Boilermaker gridiron , tradition. The men who are elected to play in this yearly game receive much personal attention and prestige and just as they receive this attention and prestige so also does the University and the student body whom they represent. To the majority of the fans and followers of the game, the men on the field represent not only the cream of American university football teams but also American universities themselves. Purdue teams and Purdue University have always been well represented since the first All-Star game, which was coached by our late athletic director, ‘Nobe’ Kizer. In the next few weeks you will have an opportunity to help further Boilermaker fame by boosting Purdue’s candidates for the illustrious game. Don’t fail to sign the petitions and don’t fail to get your friends to sign them! (Editor’s note: More complete details concerning the polling ^ booths will be available in a few days.)
Today’s the day, or was it yesterday. Anyway we’re waiting momentarily for the big flash as England blows up and sinks into the sea. Hitler practically said it would. Me und Gott, that’s Hitler. , ^ t Which reminds us of a headline: HITLER WELCOMED AS CONQUEROR IN BERLIN Of course the conqueror business, doesn’t really matter. What we like is his organization. Over here we have to pay our stooges, >|! * * We noticed by last night’s paper that Hitler has changed his mind now. He’s going to starve England to death. In a pig’s eye. * * According to Hitler’s plan Italy is to harrass British shipping in the Mediterranean, Atlantic, Red Sea, and Indian Ocean. That doesn’t leave Mussolini any boat to fish on.
The French say it was fifth columnists that brought about defeat. We’re mighty glad to hear that.
Enter«d as second class matter at the post o ce in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Momday daring the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Subscriptions mailed for 60 cents. Publication Staff Editor-in-Chief ... R. W. Donahue News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Editor D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, J. A, Purcell, J. L. Traugott. Butinaas Staff Local Advertising: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Circulation Manager, R. M. Rectenwald. Sports Staff Editor J. P, Dolan Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madisoii Ave., New York, N. Y.
Another Co-ed Solos; 11 Eds Start Program Faith Wayne, Sc, '43, became the third University co-ed to solo under the CAA training program and the first co-ed to solo under the summer training program when she flew alone Monday evening. She has had eight hours of dual instruction under Cat. L. I. Aretz, airport manager. Capt. Aretz announced that 11 more students have passed their physical examinations for the CAA program and will join the other 40 who are now taking instructions. The new students are: J. P. Bradley, Jr., R. P. Crow, H, C. Dees, R. F. Kirkpatrick, D. B. Lewis, R. H. Pirnat, H. E. Schornstein, M. Shay, W. D. Thompson, J. E. Trask, and J. M. Zappia.
For a minute we thought it was the German Army. 4: >|i 4l Latest reports are that the British have captured the He de Prance, second largest French liner. The Germans sunk that yesterday, they said. First liar hasn’t got a chance.—dkh
Classified Ads Lost—One round pearl brouch, pearls rotating from center, in Union. Reward. Phone 5400. Horrall.
Catron Appointed To Ag Extension Staff Dammon Catron, former 4-H club member and vocational agricultural teacher at New Castle, has been appointed as assistant in 4-H Club Work in the Department of Agricultural Extension, it was announced recently at the University. Catron was one of Indiana’s most prominent club members, winning
numerous state trips, scholarships, and honors. He represented the Hoosier state at the National 4-H Club Camp at Washington, D. C. in 1935. His achievements in pig club work entitled him to a major Poland China 4-H scholarship, which he used while enrolled in the school of agriculture, from which he was graduated in 1938. Since graduation, he has achieved honors, among thqm being the coaching of the 1939 state champion 4-H livestock judging team.
1940
SUMMER SESSION BANQUET THURS.-5:45 P.M.-JULY 11,1940
Speaker:
HENRY C. WOLFE AUTHORITY ON INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS SUBJECT: “DICTATORSHIP vs DEMOCRACY— THE MODERN CHALLENGE” INTRODUCED BY ALLISON E. STUART MUSICAL ENTERTAINMENT TWO SPECIAL FEATURES STUDEBAKER CHORUS )/ (A Male Chorus from the Studehaker Plant) ■* Ethel Stewart Gaumer, Director Virginia Smith, Soprano Soloist J. Robert Hammond (P. U.’36) Accompanist PURDUE SUMMER CHORUS
Albert P. Stewart, Director ^
Joanne Lloyd, Accompanist
BANQUET TICKETS:
.75
ALL OTHERS $1.00
FRIENDS OF PURDUE INVITED
NORTH BALLROOM PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION TICKETS ON SALE AT-UNION BUILDING - WEST DESK
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAEE " Both Air Conditioned
For Economy
. , The Lahr Hotel
How To Repair Your Own Car!
FIRST put your dirtiest clothes on so you can get under your car. SECOND—equip yourself with lots of good strong words such as dam, * oh hang," and such to use when oil falls in your eye or you loose a nut. THIRD—buy yourself a complete set of wrenches. These are necessary to let the oil and dirt fall on your nose. Also get some skin to graft on your fingers when the wrenches slip. FOURTH be sure to get the best parts that money can buy. Anderson's have these for you. FIFTH be sure that you make the moving parts fit as specified by the manufacturer. This usually requires special equipment, but you con use your eye for precision, SIXTH look to see that all wrenches, nuts and bolts are out of the motor.
Or if this seems too much trouble, just call Anderson's Garage. They 11 diagnose your trouble for you and then do a thorough job with the fines! precision instruments and equipment.
Peter Anderson Company '"Affer You We Come First" 525 Alabama St. Phone 4048
iK