>l»
^®‘'“ • Ji’
/£* /t,4h <' ^ '"'$'^ i ' " S 'W < ‘ , ' ' 4, . ’’ i" >" ,
‘ ' u‘" A ^ y-'V'r ‘.'Vl 4r •■ 4 V -
I .tf
'? -/*'/'■ ‘ P 5- t r ^
#-V» //'N
4n^>r-pywm/ ;>
kt4'' ^
)/ / ^
r‘
XflQ41>e4U
Vi^luitie 5B« No. B5
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, januiry i,tp4iL
Hi*
’' ^ xt
Ag Conference Plan idOnsive Women's Pribram Jan. 12-16 ,’ tVxjineh, who ^ittend the annual flgj’lcliltu?;^! jconfei’cncc at this Uhiye#sity„ Jdijl. 12 to 16, will be ptesented'^an ei^t^nsive lirogram with subject? based on the present time. 3?lic ^tai-e of syntjietic fabrics, how to Tidep ^hoi?sehold equipment fit, tare of fup, planafing the vegetable |(ardch’, uslhg food wisely, defense p|^h8: ip. Indiana, tbc farm home afid defense, insux'ance as a family fiivesijtfijent, a^niy nutrition, Ayomen p,s- citi*ehs and 1942 farm family {>yitlocdc are among the topics to be di'stUSsdd. >ln a<l^tiqn to the home economics nieetjlngd, there will be several afttl'hoofi sessions, which ivill bring to the con^hrencc some of the nation’s hist ilfiformed authorities. ' Dr. I’. B. Knight of the applied psychblofi^y and education division will be the principle speaker at the annual luncheon of the Indiana Home-ficenomicS Association, which is schedvtled for Thursday noon, jtan. 16. ilc will discuss “Women Ate AIsq Citizens.” The past presidents’ luncheon of the association is to bo Wednesday noon, Jan. 14. At that same time will be the county home economics chorus ^ luncheon, with Dr. Joseph W. Clokey, dean of fine arts," Miami University, as the gU^st speaker. 'fhis afternoon from 12:10 p. m. ^0 12!30 p, m. our own radio station, WBAA, will collaborate with Cincinnati's “l^LW to present a preconference broadcast, k.s.m. Hdvighurst Will Speak Ip Scientists Jan. 16 j <i)n Fi’iday, January 16, Dr. R. H. Mavd^hUrSt of the education departpIpMt 'iBEAlHh University of Chicago willl hp i^e andst lecturer at a meeting; erf t^e UhlVefsity branch of the Ameifiean Association of Scientific ^oykers at '/:80 p. m. m room lOd df the Chemistry building. Dr. Havi^hurst’s speech, “Coordihation and Integration of Science through a .Committee on Dunian Development,” will be the first ip a series of lectures on the philosophy of science. liemhers of the organization and pll others who wish to attend will have dinner at the Union with Dr. Ha'^ghurst at 6:00 p. m., preceding the lecture. Iihe public is invited to attend the lecture and dinner. Those who wish to attend the dinner should phone Miss Hurst, secretary of the Chemistry department, 7003, for reservations. p.s. F. f, Powell . . . ME ’41, was commissioned as a flying officer in the Army Air Corps January 2. He completed a course at the air corps advanced Flying School, Victoria, Texas. This class is the first wartime group of pilots to be graduated from the
school.
Sig Eps Trade Dances For Bonds Sigma Phi Epsilon social fraternity, in recognition of one role in the present emergency which may be 'played by college and university men, last night voted to aancdl the remainder of its scheduled social functions for the preseilt school year, and invest the funds in National Defense Bonds. The move was the first step in a program being outlined to enable members of the fraternity to render as great a service aS possible without leaving their Studies at the University. The allocation of the funds for Defense Bonds was. made in ihC hope that it might become part of a general movement among University organizations.
Faculty Votes In Summer Semester; Seniors To Get Out May 3, Juniors Dec. 23
83 Persons Register At University Meeting For Pest Controllers
All Work, No Play Becomes Byword As University Cuts Out All But Week Of Vacation
Sixth annual Univei-sity pest con-
Mickey /ns/ey. Band Will Play At Blanket Hop Mickey Isley’s music ^nd the infoimality of a sweater dance will be featured at the annual Blanket Hop sponsored by the P Men’s club Saturday night in both Union ballrooms. Dancing will last from 9 to 12. Every Year The dance is held every year for the purpose of raising funds to provide P Men’s blankets which will be presented later to senior major lettermeii. The informality mode has been added for the convenience of students attending the Ohio State basketball game in order that they might attend the dance immediately after the game. ' Northern Band Insley and his orchestra are from northern Indiana where they gdined popularity by playing over stations WIND and W6BM, a? well as the Columbia Broadcasting System. The price of admission to the dance will be ?1.10. w.e.r. Eight Faculty Members Of English Deartment
I
Attend language Convo Eight members of the English department attended the national convention of the Modern Language and College English Associations held in Indianapolis during the Christmas vacation. Prof. H. J. Muller took pait in a discussion of contemporary fiction and Pi^of. G. E. Davis, in charge of teacher placement at the University, gave a number of readings from the poems of James Whitcomb Riley. At the annual dinner. Prof. G. S. Wykoff was chairman of the local committee on arrangements fOr the dinner. Those attending the convention from the University English department Vei'e R. G. Curtis, R. Cyowdci, H. L. Creek, Lewis Freed, W. S Hastings, R. Hume, H. J Mullci and G. S. Wykoff. c.f.h.
Executive Committee of the Faculty approved yesterday
trol operators’ conference opened proposed p\m for a regular twelve-month, three semester hei-e Monday with 80 persons regis- Schedule in prdet to accelerate the supply of trained men needtered from 20 states and three ftom ed for the military and industrial forces of the nation. The new Ontario, Canada. The meeting is make it possible for students to complete their Unischeduled to continue through Fri- ygj.gity work and thus have full advantage of deferment from Davis Speaks military service for the purpose of training. ProfessOT J. J. Davis head of weeks dgo the Executive Committee announced its the entomology department, opened intention to graduate present seniors on May 3, 1942, five the initial session. His address con- weeks ahead uf schedule. Now, due to the shifting of the ^casisted of an explanation of the or- demic schedule to a War basis
ganization of the program to fol- instituting a continuous low for the remainder of the week. r. j i „ ■ x- i i Dean of Aemulture H. J. Eeed wol- “hedule of instructional work coiped the delegates to the campus, by the elimination of most recalling that Purdue was among vacations and all final examithq first educational institutions nations, Considerable time will fostering the development of the bg saved in all Curricula.
Under the recently approved program the present semester will terminate at noon on January 10, reg-
pest control operators profession. Members of the University entomology department lectured and
Twenty-Eighth Annual Road School To Open Here January 19-22
Ceres Sponsordi; Essay Compefiw Will Close Mill Students interested bi wi^ti^ dtn topics pertaining to agronoflty Nife an opportunity to eOmp^e 1^ trophies and silver medsUt ito essay contest being spofisMrttd Ceres. The contest will etoi^ si fiffm on Monday, Jan. 12.
Trophies
Dickinson Seed Company
present a “Pine Tree” trophy tasA a silver medal to the winner, afidi a medal to the runner-up in the ttpperclassman division which ie o|h^ to all sophomore, junior and senioh students. Freshmen will compete ilk a separate division for the Ge£e&
Essay Cup and two medals. Essays Written by upperclhs^en
should contain between L,0QO and 1,500 words, while the fresHlb^ essays should contain 500 to i,0w words, 'fopics suggested are: "TopDressing Wheat,” “Soybeans jOn for diana Farms,” “Importance of Shil Conservation,” “Development ^ Soil Drainage,” “'The Place of Ali-
Aviation Cadet Examining Board alfa in the Rotation,” ahd “ttoW No. 1 will again visit the University Legumes Improve the Soil.”
from January 27 to February 3 for Judges
the purpose of selecting aviation Essays must be submitted to cadet candidates, announced by Ma- p^of. P. E. Robbins before the Bfonjor Joseph E. More, president of the day deadline. Judges of the contest t>oard. are Prof. Robbins, Prof. A. T. Rulings concerning eligibility for Wiancko, and Prof. J. P. Seafoh.
the Air Corps have undergone sev- w.e.r.
Lt. Smith Killed In Panama Crash Lieutenant Leroy Smith, a pilot in the United States army air corps and graduate of the University, was killed in an air accident in the Panama Canal Zone last Friday, according to ‘Word received by his parents Monday. No details of the acci-
dent were given.
Smith began his air training last March, and was graduated as p, pilot at Montgomery, Ala., last October. His last visit to his home in Anderson was immediately following his graduation, after which he went to Panama as a flyer. Leroy and his family lived in West Lafayette before moving to Anderson in 1932.
Air Corps Examining Board To Visit Campus From Jan. 27 To Feb. 3
oral changes since Major More’s last visit here. Most important of these are: the lowering of the educational requirement for navigator-bombar-dier applicants, placing them on the
M. R. Keefe Will Talk At Meeting Of ASCI M. R. Keefe, chief engineering
Plans for the 28th hnnual Road
discussed insect morphology, repro- istratTon'fo7 the* 7co7d*‘’se7e*ster School to be held here Januaiy 19duction, physiology, and develop- ^jjj Monday and Tues- nearing completion, it was ^
ment and piinciples of insect con day, January 12 and 13,-and the Announced ijecently by Ben H. Petty, same level as pilots for physical rol. A wide vane y of associated second semester will end at 4.30 chairman of the Road School. Ac- standards; the acceptance of mar-
topics, including the control of rats p ^ Saturday, May 2. Allowing cording to Petty, the importance of applicants who can prove they .... , „ and were a so discussed. days, then, for graduation and Road School has never been dependent on their the Indiana State Highway Ooi^i^
^*m^**^ Tommorow registration for the summer greater due to the need for fast jncome; and authorizing the local sion, will be thfe speaker at a conference dinner will semester will take place on May 4 niovement of military equipment examining boards to order men di- mg of the American Society of
be held tomoirow evening at the semester will draw ^he increased traffic caused by air corps training centers Engineers tomortrOW evenfo^ fo Un on with President Edward C. ^ gj^gg 22. , expansion in industiial production without long periods of waiting if room 201 of the Civil engineeefo*
Elliott as toastmaster. Di. L. M. ^f^gj. ^ ^ggj^ fg^ summer va- efforts. ^.j^gy gg ^ggj^g building at 8:00 o’clock. Sears of the University s history, gatign^ tjjg |.},ij,d term ctf the irear Many subjects such as high'V^^y Diiject to Camp The^ topic of Mr. I^eefe> CCoriCmicS, and government depart- registration on Au- construction, maintenance, and eon- Under this new policy of order- will be “ThC ^ principal speaker, gyg^. September 1 and 2. Pres- traffic handling and parking ing pilots, navigators, and bombar- Its Strategic Value in thn.ifeka^ The five day conference is spon- gj^^ juniors will have completed re- problems which are planned to in- diers direct to camp, the examining German War.” Mr. Keefe will kdiA
sored by the University in co-oper- quii-ements for graduation at the terest and enlighten highwaymen board will be able to inform all ap- discuss details on the constracHpil
end of this semester, and will grad- scheduled for discussion during plicants whether or not they are ac- of the railway, uate around December 23. program. cepted, when they will go to duty. The newly approved schedule Legislation of the lecent session what camp they will go to, as well
of the general assembly has made it as to grant reasonable deferment, compulsory for all city engineers All students are urged to apply to attend the Road School with ex- at the adjutant’s office at the Arpenses paid by their respective mory for full information concerncities. Special sessions will be held ing aviation cadet training. a.l.s.
ation with the National Pest Con
trol Association. i.I.in.
Lawrence Wilson
provides for a total of nine days vacation, not including Sundays,
... a former student of the Uni- from the present until December versity, is an aviation cadet in the 23, 1942. The summer vacation will air corps replacement training cen- take place from August 23 to Au
The Indiana Society of Profeasional Engineers will be the of ASCE at this meeting. r.Ijih '
tei at Kelly Field, Texas. Wilson gust 80, with additional one-day fo^' these engineers as well as for
left school last December to the air corps.
Library Books Students are urged to return to the Library all books not in active use, in order that they may be available to other readers. Under the new regulations the Semester closes two weeks earlier than usual and there will not be time for the usual routine for calling in library books. Students arc asked to act on their own initiative and return to the Library all books overdue or not needed. W. M. HEPBURN
Librarian.
state highway men, county surveyors, county load supervisors, and county commissioneis. Recreation for the week will include a banquet, a smoker, and other varied entertainment for the road
men. w.g.h.
Alpha Kappa Lambda . . ^social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers:
social fraternity announces James A. Meyer, president; Lester
join holidays on the Fourth of July and
Thanksgiving.
The Exacutive Committee of the Faculty has announced, however, that neither the thoroughness of ti aining in the classes nor the length of the existing sixteen-week semester will be saciificed in face of the present situation, w.g.h.
Knoll Participates InCKifjif^
At Convention In Professor H. B. ]^dB of ibd
hsh department recently refonl^ from Chicago after attendifi^ annual convention Of the Afioi^Heaii Business Writing Association. During this convention he tO^ part, along With Prtrfessor F. H.
Elmo F. Houston . . ’40 of Salem, has been tiansferred from Chanute Field at Rantoul. 111., to the Air Corps Gunnery
school at Las Vegas, Nevada for Gertz of Pratt Institute, Broo&lyDr
Kappa Delta Rho
additional tiainmg in the post engineering department. Houston, who entered service? June 2, 1941, arlived at the Gunnery school Dec. 13 and was assigned to the 79th air base.
in a clinic on the teaching of tnMness report writing. Both Pratt fo-» stitute and the Uiiivertiity have do* voted considerable attention to thd importance of reports both in business and in engineering. p.s. ~
the initiation of the following men: L. W. Finley, Salem; J. E. Lai sen. West Lafayette; R C Neff, Moline, 111.; B. E. Nicholson, Campbellsburg; J. J. O'Grady, Chicago, 111.; H. Zinsmcistcr, Ottcrbein
L. Robinson, vice-president; John L. Stark, recoiding secretary; Wallace R. Parker, corresponding secictai’y; and Robert C. Sherman, lush chaiiinan; and the pledging of Russell L Devore of Whiteland
7977 Exponent Reveals Serious War Effect On West Lafayette
Over 400 Students Participate In CAA Training Program Here Since Start In '39
Heading into the New Year, the private pilot training program which was pipneered at the Purdue Unjversity airport back in the sirring of 1939 under the sponsorship of the Civil Aeronautics Authority can look back on a record of accomplishment that has provided flight training for close to 400 students, many of whom have gone on from their Purdue training to distinguish themselves in the Army or Navy air forces. 15,000 Hours Written Into Record In the comparatively short time of three years, under the general direction of Capt. L. I. Aretz, Purdue airport manager, a backlog of nearly i6,000 houis of flying time has already been written into the record jn the C.A.A. training program here, Among the most notable “graduates” of the Purdue flight course, many of whom are now in active service with the nation’s aerial forces, was Lt. Geoige S. Welch, who leceived his original ti aining here in the summer of 1939, and was credited with downing four enemy pianos during the Japanese attack on Pearl Haibor on Dec. 7. Out of 470 students assigned to
Purdue for various types of flight training, 286 have successfully completed their couises, and right now 20 primary students and eight secondary students are completing their work in the present class. It is expected that the current class of fledglings will complete its work during the prdsent month, clearing the way for new groups which are expected to start some time in Feb-
1 uary.
11,596 Hours, To Be Exact The log at the airport leveals that during the past three y^ars primary students have put in a total of 10,023 hours and 20 minutes in the air; secondary, 2,474 hours and 25 minutes; instructors in three different classifications, 1428 hours; crosscountrj^ 595 hours, 36 minutes, and commercial refieshers, 76 hours and 30 minutes, tor a grand total of 14,696 hours and 46 minutes. Out of the 386 students who have completed one or more couise, 246 have been in the primary; 70 secondary, 16 apprentice instiuctors, 16 primary instructors, 26 advanced instructors, 11 cyoss-country, and ono commercial refresher.
000,000.
From present indications sevetsl of the business houses on the Side will not be opened for bUstnesa next fall because of the expecfoii small attendance at Pimdue in caaa the war continues -over that
West Lafayette is one of the first All of the merchants say that thle%
B K G Ro ucmorc - ' towns in the United States to be business has been effected to a ^ ‘ ® Twenty-seven of these supervisors three months. The workers have immediately affected by the declar- siderable extent in the past teW One of the /hardest working recently began taking an intensive never failed to meet a quota or miss ntion of war with Germany. Theie weeks. It is admitted that the
Volunteer Red Cross Group Works Long Hours In Union Sub-Basement
Editor’s note: This article, appearing in the Exponent of May 10, 1917, shortly after the United States’ declaration of war on Germany, indicates what West Lafayette may have to experience in the next few months.
groups on the campus is the Tippecanoe County section of the American Red Gross. Housewives, business and professional women and coeds compose this busy drove of volunteer service workers.
Headquarters
Their headquarters is the Red Cross Work Room in the sub-base-
a deadline even though their service seveial bundled people who de- nation looks rather serious, fqr tlt,4 IS entirely voliintary. pend entirely on the student body town. The ftaternities are alko 10 Varieties ^ of the University for a livelihood, ing because of the fact that's© niiaBjF Ten different kinds of dressings ^*^4 hundieds of students are flock- of the Greek letter men are IeavlB|i
are made for Army and Navy use ioB to the aimy, while many others schwl. and SIX different kinds are sent are leturning for woik on the abroad. The supervisors are trained farms. It is expected that the at-
day Tuesday, and on Friday after- in the making of each of these di ess- tendance at the school will be very
noons the Work Room is filled with women sewing for the United States
course in first aid work. The class meets from 9 to 12 every morning and will last two weeks covering both a primary and an advanced
course in first aid. Day And Night
All day and all night Monday, all
mgs. After they aie completed, the small next year in compaiison with diessings aie counted, checked and this season. Nearly all the resi-
Name Acacia
This is but a small pait of the work being done in Tippecanoe County. The 60 to 100 workers in Lafayette are few compared to the
ment of the Union where they toil Army and Navy hospitals and th^ packed. Those sent overseas on Red dences on the West Side aie large almost eveiy day and night in the Allied countiies. Some of the things Cross boats are wrapped in special ’ ' - ’ .
week sewing, knitting and making they sew are di esses, skirts, pa- waterproof paper. Incidentally, not expeit surgical dressings for the jamas, bed packets ani^ toddleis’ one Red Cioss boat has been sunk armed f01 ces of the Allied countries, packs—outfits foi a child between in the present war.
They have dubbed their w6rkshop 9 months and two years containing the “Red Cross dugout.” Since the a sweater, beanie, mittens, rompers entrance of the United States into and snow suit. Mrs. Emens directs the war, the volume of work this section of woikeis. handled by these women has almost Tuesday night, Wednesday afterdoubled. noon and night and all day ThursIm chaige of Red Cioss work day the women busy themselves
throughout the entire Tippecanoe making surgical diessings under the sweaters for the Army and Navy, and in the city. This continues foi county is Mrs. R. B. Wiley. Assist- guidance of Dr. Louise J. Meikle. jVIany volunteer for typing and ail nine months in a yeai, and it has Atoha EwUvn. mg her as vice chairman is Mrs. The Red Cross has recently taken sorts of odd jobs. Frequently church been variously estimated that the Edward C. Elliott. Over 40 workers a quota of 21,600 dressings for the oi bridge clubs and nursing staffs of expenditure of the students and Sigms Phi EpuUun trained by government experts United States forces and 26,000 for various hospitals devote an entire faculty here during nine months l&Qn^^Club supervise the women in their work. Allied use which will be finished in day to Red Cross, totals in the neighboj,‘hood of $1,- '?*'>’**
and the majority of them weie built
as rooming houses.
The many women who i un board-
ing houses aie already looking about Agathon for a different field of endeavoi. It Bit^heta
is believed that there will be many
Delta Tau Delta
empty houses on the West Side next Delta Upsiion fall and wintei. Theie are more l^pgasigraa
3,000 women doing volunteer Red than two thousand students at Pui*- Alpha Cross sei-vice throughout the coun- due, and they spend on an average Pbi GaronU Delta ty. Thousands of women also knit of $30 a month on the West Side phiDe^ Theta
Editor’s Note: The foI)owfo|| statistics were taken fron^
Exponent of May 3, 1917,
the heading of “Fraternity BliA Respond to Calk” Approxtimlf^ thirty-seven percent of the student body answered the ehft
to arms at that time.
Members Lost
/
Triangle
26
18
25
13
38
18
to
9
27
to
23
UndeeUbiti
20
18
25
9
13
10
83
7
88
3
86
7
38
19
15
13
88
8
87
8
88
t<
34 8ft
35
if
»
89
t»
45
f »
m
f ‘ if'
^ t/FI 1
Purdue Exponent
Wednesday^ January 7fJ942
[' ImmediWely after the Japanese attack on Hairbor, Purdue students asked, “What ai^ we going to play in winning this war, and wMt. effect will it have on university WlM.-i: ■ the past few days thefee qnestiows have been answered. First came the news of the ahe^ish^nent df finaJ, examinations and eariil^ rt^gistratioh for the .second' semester, aiid ^W today’s Exponent carries the story of theinew'UnhwrSity fe'chedule for the coming ^ear. Also a Student War Councili has. been -a^edtedv to' participate i&' the 'school’s effort to eoiy^feute to the national war pi'ogram. : on a war-time basis, and ^IhsKa^CHtig ain concerted effort to aid the ■count:^%: war effort. The abolishment of ; finals Mljd; vacations and the new schedule for contiguous operation through the year should bring this War home to. ns all, and make us realiise that it is real and serious. Too many haverfdt that the nation is engaged in some ;type cff new adventure which we read about in the daily papers. , However, there are many who, on hearing -^ the new schedule, complained about the ■ abolishinent of vacationsi It’s about time these
persons forgot about themsBlves 'and' started: t^do their paiPt, (ihatisoidifers ihthd Phiitopnes and other battle fields in the Far East aren’t’ having any vacations; workers in industry won’t be taking yacatipns. Why should we, the students who are training for the military and, industrial forces, ask for vacation periods when the rest of the nation is working every available minute in our battle for victoryit The most effective service‘that Purdue students’can render to their Country is.*tO' ■continue the pursuit of their college work untilsuchtime as the nation gives them some other path of duty. Militarijr 'experts predict that this vPill bea long wan Qonsequently a continuous flow of trained men is essential. In no ot^er way can iodr complicated economy be maintained throughout the '^H^arVand the period of reorganization that will' foMoW/ ' The universities in the democracies that have been at War for the last two years have continued their programs; We Must do Idke'Wise in’this country. Our universities are one kind of a training camp at' which' the' students prepare for national service. Therefore, we, the students, must work as we-have never worked before, and ih this Way contribute to
the victory that must be won.
ference exists*’^between thb Pefense -Commission ahjj .-Jesse Joiiiies, v The Commission believes that iilfodiiC- ^ tion of syOthetiO’ riibbb^ sliotild begin ilhmedi'^e'ly, iihd wants a Suboidy of $180^000)000 to American
rubber companies,
•‘However Jesse Johbs doesn’t believe synthetic I'ubbfer needs to be produced on a lai^ge scale. The Defense Commission countei’S with a'; forecast of what might happen should all our' rubber be cut.:«]f *Trom the Dutflii ‘Slast Indies. It e’M-; *■ phasized that Wdcl^hWy' bd hdt ^ ■ overnight; ’ StOttiinins, 'dR: ^^ealliy aroused, nray appeal to the White House jf he doesn!t soon niove. Jesse.” ., ; : Againdn M. l2';-‘19di; thedSiEEE;Y.;GOiEOtrN®?re^rted ?ime«(i&ius is almost tearing his hair over the ponderous”' patience of JdSse
!>'Svnlhet^ ' HuJbber Plaints Jones, in ’October, JdsSe' siaM that
Needs* the’Enenughtnonstruid a dWerh-
.^a,*.' 1- IVIWT / iite'nt swithetie dubbel’. plant, blitt in Blame Fails On J. Jones January he said fie had shifted back WASHINGTON, Jan.‘6. — The to the idea of lending money to Amierican piihlic already'has had a private ;com.i)aniesv But’ still letter tough blow in regard to the use of in the same month, he announced automobile tires. But the insidte fig- that synthetic rubber is in the ‘statures, indicate that the blow will be us dd&W: i ! even tougher in the future. ‘There the ’situation rests — ’ The production of synthetic rub- waiting fof Jesse Juries to
V By 'Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
AP news 5 minutes before the hour every hour ,■
iMc-
_^berlin ,
wnw
-«A>I(U-
~3ViOTi
^ ;Wti: sefe where Uncle Sam is planning on 8>999)999 irien^d us to register oit the '16th of February. We don’t mind a bit-—ivc’ve signed up for bank night in some: ^ven theaters and our name lia^s never beeii called. Only difference is that the army takes the big prize and divides it into many monthly awards of $21 each. (Cuts doAvn on odds—by a few million.) ’ After we get into the full swing of this army stuff, ■we can begin saving our dough. Think of all the things Ave can do with a uniform. Save cash on buying clothes^Ave don’t need any new styles; khaki promises to become the outstanding thing for the year (andfor the next several-years).
Makes you seem like a kid again to walk up to a theater and get in’ for half fare. Now all those betvi'ceh 12-20 have to priy the adult pift'es. One place you have to show yoiir draft card to prove you’re" old ' enough to pay half fare—the next place you have to show your draft card just to prove you’re old enough. After they-fget our number and induct us we’re going to sign up to drive a “jeep:” All students could really qualify for that job'-’-after driving a car around the-eirele at WRH on any Friday or Saturday night, (or at the airport on those same nights.) From now on they-Will haVe to' make more pockets in suits. In oric pockel -we got our tire and auto ration card, in the other we’ve got our draft card, in another we find our registration’'arid identification card for the “U”—last but not lease we find our other pocket'containing the long hand of the government taking out all'the new taxes ... r.t.e;
bef for tires, begun by Germany several years before the war, in this country now totals only between 7,866 and 10,()00 tons for an entire
do
sditfetHmg.iitfPa«\viiile,'<il^''change of Japanese faking the Dutch East
Indies, becomes; greatejr.”
Finally, on May 16, 1941', just
year. - one year after Roosevelt asked the Moreover, the new synthetic rub- Defense Gominission to do someber factories, financed by the Re- thing about rubber, Mr. Jones anconstruction Finance Corporation, nounced a loan to lour rubber cornwill not get into production until panics to manufacture pilot plants. April', at the earliest; and most of The loan was not $180,000,00'Q as thein riot until- August. And When requested by the Defense Commis'finished, their total production will sion, but a meager $1,260,000 to be only 48;000. to 60,000 tons yearly, each company. Jesse was being a ■ Thus, a year from today, Ave good banker to the end. Today, how-
may possibly ■ ha-re a total of 60,OOO’ tons of synthetic rubber—^if we are lucky; if the plarits are ’ finished ahead of ' schedule; , and ■if they produce a little faster
than is expected.
Compare this 60,000 tons to the
ever, his nickname in Washington is not “Banker” Jones, but “Bottle-
neck” Jesse Jones.
Note—During the months of ^argument over whether to build or not to build synthetic rubber plants, half a dozen chiefs of the ORM rub-
9:56 News 10:10 Curio Man To: 15 Morning Melodies TP'iSO WBAA Presents To.■4'5 Theatre of Song ■ 11:00, Newspaper and M a)g' a z i n e Writing with Prof. Hugh Mc- * ■; Kee T1:60 Purdue News T2:00 Agricultural Forum T2:I6 Meet the Band 12:46 (Flexible for Special Events), 1:00 “Urban Sociology” with Prof. T. K. Noss V 1:46 Markets; 2:()0 A Story a Day 2:16 WPA Transcription 2:30 Moods in Music, Mrs. C., W. Hemmer 3:00 News 3'.i0 Music V 3:16 Special Musical Programs'” 3:30 Organ Moods 4:00 Tea Time Tunes 4130 Purdue Bands, 4;:46 Litle Mi-''® Muffett 5:00 Just Relax' 5:15 Current Books with Helen
Seaton
5:30 Ves])ers' 6:45 Curio Man 5:50 News 6:00 Dinner' Mumc 6 .‘30 Sports Review 6:45 Melody Maids ■ ’7:00 Symphony H'all’ 8:00 What’s Ai't To Me? 8:15 Marchingv Along 8:30 Eventide Echoes 8:45 From the Press Box 9;00 Irv Given’s Barid 9:30 Music 9:55 News 10:05 OFF THE AIR
Dr. Karl Lark-Hoivi| Lectures In The East! j Dr. Karl Lark-Horovitz, head of the physics department, has ' just I'e'turned from Nbav York, Washington, and Princeton where he oi^r lined the progress of his tea$hpBB’ training progTam. , .'i This program, increasingly., important now in face of the rieqd ,qf iifiajked meft for operation and rn^ifir tenance of war equipment, has been enlarged now because of the rioed 6f o-ver100,000 inen trained in
electronics.
According to Eark-Hbrovitz there' is 4n appalling lack of men having training in the field. In the entire . United States at the present time, there are only a few hundred stuclerits majoring in physics, arid a total of 14,000 engi’fteers are; expected to graduate next spring. In recognition of Dr. Eark-Horb-vitz’ work -with the teachers’ training coirimittee, he has been elected to the American Council of Education as representative of the physicists, w.g.h. ' j fbe Quickest, Surest Way YOU Can Help Win This ■War... i rZ>
T
Current Book Reviews Dr. E.LKelly Will Address
^igma Xi Meeting Tonight
By R. k. Schenk and E. A- Commack ' Rodericks JPeattie, ,the.:i]:omantic brother, of Donald Culross Peattie, Sind author of THE INCURABEE ROMANTIC,'states in the preface to the book that this is “the story of hoAt' an. Unimportant man strives to make the unimportant details of life important, and as he does so his life becomes dramatic and Significant to him.” Mr. Peattie believes that many of tis might carry out this same idea in writing the story of our lives.. . A riumber of us might be able;to tell of - our‘’birth in the Middlewest but few could' boast a father and a frihtlier' AV'ho became Avell known newspaper correspondents. The fa-; ther started his career as a cub reporter for the Chicago “Times,” the riiother as art and society columnist of the “Tribune.” ’ 'Life in ■“ the ■ Peattie household Avith-the influence of the friendships of such people as Harry B. Smith, the librettist,; Eugene Field, the poet and Ellen Terry,- the actress, Avas never dull. The inquiring minds of the four 'Peattie children were .satisfied by the guidance of two intelligent parents, a house full of books and a great deal of travel. ' In; 1910’young Rodeidck e'htCred the .University of Chicago, Avhere he became interested- simultaneously in Margaret Rhodes and geology. His summers were spent in travel in Europe and the West. His year of graduate work at the University Convinced'Bini that her teaTirfft'sufficiently interested in geology to iriake it a life work. It lacked huriian contacts, and, since he was ■vitally interested in people he naturally turned to a similar science,
geography.
, In the chaptei- entitled “An Americari at' the Yankee Court,” the authcM’ gives a humorous picture of
his shears of advanced study at Har■Vhrd. The three chapters which folloAv deal with the author’s hurried marriage to his college sweetheart, Margaret Rhodes, before he Avent to France and to war. The vivid writing of his Avar experiences makes one realize that the emotions of a people and the actions of a nation at Avar have changed.lit-
tle.
The remainder of the book tells in a delightful manner the experiences of the “Crazy Peatties” as they Avere called at Williams College, where Peattie filled in for a AvellkrioAA'n geologist on a sabbatical leave; of the position at Ohio State University, where today he is teaching geology and geography; of happy Europbari travel's; and of the reconstruction of an old Vermont farmhouse into a summer home. As one closes this book be feels that the Peatties have lived a more Colorful life than' most of us, arid that Roderick, in particular has- had the ability 4o make it 'seerii “dramatic and significant,” not only to himself, but to us. University Graduates Weil January 3 In ^outti Bend June Spray, HE ’41, and Thomas Peppier; ME ’41; were married Jan. 3 at the Zion Evangelical Church, South Bend, Ind.' Peppier was a distinguished student, member of ASME, Pi Tau Sigma, and Sigma Alpha Epsilon social fi'^ternity. At present, he is an engineer for the Glenn L. Martin Aircraft Company, Middle River, Maryland. Mrs. Peppier is a member of the Chi Omega .sorority. The couple is noW residing at 228 HomeAVood Terrace, Baltimore, Maryland, c.f.h.
Tonight at 7:30 the University chapter of Sigma Xi will hold its second open lecture of the yeax in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. The speaker Avill be Dr. E. LoAvell Kelly, of the department of psychology. He will talk on “Psychological Problems in the Selection and Training of Aircraft Pilots.” For the past three years Dr. Keily has been'directing research on pilot selection and training for the National Research Council and the Civil Aeronautics Authority. The public is invited to attend the
lecture, k.s.m.
kappa Delta Bho ... social fraternity announces the election of the fOlloAving officers for the ensuing semester: R. G. Carpenter, consul; B; C. Hineline, senior tribune; W. H. Seheer, junior tribune; J. M. Kuch, praetor; W. M. Clark, propraetor; C. H. Tepas, house manager;’ J. Webster, pbntifex; K. L. Dickey, centurion; R. I. Ronksley, social chairman; D. L. Fye, athletic chairman. UyU; Haircoff Displays Paintings On West Coast Lyla Marshall Hareoff, Santa Barbara, Cal., 'member of the class of ’04, had an extensive exhibit of her paintings on display last month in the Romberg gallery at the Santa Barbara museum. The show received fa'Vorablb notice from art critics. Mrs. Hareoff studied art under Prof. Laura Fry and the late Nelie Sampson here, and Avas a student at Chicago Art Institute and abroad. She had studios in Lafayette and Chicago before taking rip her residence in the Santa Barbara artist
colony, j.v.s.
720,000 tons of rubber consumed ber section have resigned in dishy the United States during the gust, after demanding drastic acpast year, and you get some idea tion in view of the situation, in the
why Leon Henderson was so abruRt Pacific. ... . and tight-lipped about clamping « Capital Chaff
dovim dn tk-e consumption. • i i u
Mrs. Roosevelt has tripled her
• Rubber Facts radio audience in a year’S tfine. Last Here are the neAv synthetic plants year her “Hooper rating” Av^as 3, under construction, their schedule now it is 9,2 . . . Her spo'nsors, the of completion, and capacity: Pan American Coffee Bureau, are Goodyear, April-May, 10,000 tons; doing a high-class good-willing job Goodrich, late August, 10,000 tons; in the United States,, not merely a Fircstonqi August, 10,000 tons; U- eomniercial job for coffee . . : SecS. Rubber, Aug:ust, 10,000 tons; retary of War Stimson opened the Standard Oil of La. (private-financ- year by eallirig a press conference ing) late 1942, 8,000 to 10,000; Du- on New Year’s day at 10:30 a.m.
’’'June Eller, piani.st alternating Avith Afternoon Melodies
LUHA Tkur-Fri-Sat-—-2 Hits
Pont (private financing) late 1942;
10,000 tons.
In addition, the RFC announced last week that plans capa.ble of pro-
ducing 80,000 more tons would be of the Embassy . . sponsored by the Government. But flight Washington
. . . Though the Japanese Embassy .staff has been moved out of Washington, the FBI still maintains a 24-hour watch at the rear grounds
Certain topHotel^ have
with the entire nation in a race to boosted their b'ar charge to 60 cents get defense materials, these plants a drink . . . The Bi’itish Embassy Avill take another' year to get into and all its annexes, burning lights production—even if then." Idte these Winter afternoons, look Thus, unless Ave are able to send like a factory Avorking the night treiAiendous labor battalions to'the shift ... Brightest lights are outjunglCs of the Amazon—and here side, shining on the walls, to disthe scarcity of shipping is impor- close proAvlers . . . British newsmen tant—-it will be seen that the United arc envious of the break U. S. ncAvsStates has in effect suffered an eco- men have had with the Churchill riomie Pearl.Harbor. And like Pearl visit. In Loitduri they ate riot even Harbor, the rubber defeat came permitted a press conference with
a cabinet member—to say nothing
of the Prime Ministei*.
(Copyright, 1942, by United Fea-
ture Syndicate, Inc.)
about largely because we were
•caught napping.,
• 'Boffleneck' Jesse Complacent, genial Jesse Jones,
whoso job it 'Avasto lepd the money for these synthetic rubber factories, Avas-questioned recently as to why he had not been more farsighted. His reply was: “Hindsight
is always bettor than foresight.” HoAvever, since we have many
other lessons tq learn in this war, and since the first Pi’osident of the United States advised his countrymen to “look back for the purpose
of profiling b,D»»r B6„B.ht lixper. “eti""™”,;'aS' ience, -it is worth looking at the • c-t i'
'^Vr lloy.d NOLAN \ i Constonce MOORE Albert \DEKKER
Corley Will Discuss Immunity Reactions At ACS Conference
STARTS THURSDAY
AU-American 1940-'41
' ,ilit|[ei;gd as second ejass hiattcr at the jiost office iii Lafayette, Irididna, Under the act of Congress OT RfOTiSif $M879, arid at the 'special rale rif postage provided for in section 1103! act of October 3, •ISljfl'iitillbonzcd January 20, 1922. Published daily c.xcept Monday during Ihc regular academic year arid w^kly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail sub^rij}fidnSi.;$4.00. . ..
Editor-in-'Chief.. riports EdHdr
Ned A. Ochiltree - ItaHineti.s Manager.. ^Juhn L. Traucott Managing: Edit)ir.... .....Phil Johnson ’ Coed Editor
Don S.- Powers ..txejand AV. Ruffner Ruth Koao
• t"''' Pttbfication Staff Editorial Staff: J. P. Amos, J. H. Armistrong, D. T. Uroiihy, Ri..L; Uadli'y, K. I. JoneB, E. Cl. Kfeper. Sjiorta Staff: O. T. Clark, J. D. fraiier, J. S. Keeler. (,'oed Staff: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Jane Karasdell. Associate Editors I a.iiM i>r Iiflliliji 1'r Pbffnet: Eifitorial andi tusinelis,'4005; Sports, 2792 Iditorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Business Staff Coed Itosiaess Manager: Donna Siess; Office Manager: Lee Bo.ssong. l.ocal Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjcmre, R, E. Saxton : Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager; AV. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankcnberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
Represented for national advertising by National Advertisiiig Service, luc., Collc'ge Publishers Representatives, izo Madison Ave., .New York, N. Y.
Staff For This tssue
Ntffh^OEditorrliieper l>»r Sditof nAunsdell
’ Sports Editor: Fraser ISMie Editor: Rotiucmore
Reporters: R. L. Marion, K. S. Marlin, B. M. Parsons, E. H. ^Ahrens. C. iia.ssi W. G. Hoskins, P. .Slonherg. II, A, BlacU* burn, W.' E, Raferi. Sports Staff: Dc^klrs, Millet-.
looking
I'ccoi'd on rubber. ■ The record, as w'ritfen in the WASHINGTON Merry fgo - ROUND, show.s' that as caHy as July 13, 1910, eighteen months ago, Edevard Stetlinius, tvho had been Avoefully wrong on aluminum and didri’t want to be wrong again, annoiineed that before the end of July, “it is expected a plan for 'syntljelic rubber production will have been worked out which in the future will eliminate onr dependence upon imports.” In that same month, Emil Schram of tlio RFC, Ijved up to Stctlinius’ announcemont by working out a plan with Goodi ich and Phillips Petroleum to finance a rubber plant capable of producing 100,000 tons yearly, which at that time was about one-sixth of our cousumption. Hoavover, Jesse Jones, who as Federal Loan Administratoi', outranked RFC Chief Seluam, .stopped the
deal,
The plan fell through, and Schram, disgusted with interference and proci'a-stination, later resigned. Six months passed. And Stettiniu's’! prediction that we would work Out plans to become independent of the Dutch East Indies I'eraained only in ?the paper titage. • SLettinius Tears Hair On December 8, 1949, this column reported: “A fundamental dif-
Dr. R. C. Corley, professor of Biochemistry, Avill speak on “Chemistry of Immunity Reactions” at the January meeting of the local
ican Chemical
Society in Stanl'ey Coulter Hall Monday at 7:30. Dr. and Mrs. Corley will he guests of the local section at a dinner in the Union pre-
ceding the meeting.
Before taking up woik here in 1930, Dr. Corley served as instructor and assistant professor in Biochemistry at the School of Medicine of Tulane University. He received a Doctor of Philosophy degree from the University of Illinois''
in 1924.
Dr. Cai'le,v’.s talk Avill include discussion of hi.s research in the metabolism of lactose, jgalatose, pentoses, rare oligosaccharides, synthetic amino acids, fats, calcium, and lead. Nutritive significance of the amino acids in the adult organisriVs arid' the specificity of the onz^ymos have also claimed his attention: w.e.r. ■
ADULT TAP' CLASSES OPEN THURSDAY, fAN. SJH BEGINNBR/S 6;30 P. M. ADVANCED 7:15 P. M. CHltDREN'S CLASSES SATURDAY. 10TH PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6lh and Ferry
iffH
LYDIA starring MERLE ORERON ALAN MARSHAL • JOSEPH GOTTEN HANS YARAY . OEORGE REEVES with JOHN HALIIDAY* SARA ALIOOOD ond EDNA MAY OLIVER - LAST TIMES TODAY -
I Defense BONDS
-STAMPS
HELD OVER THE SMASH HIT OF HILARITYI f SADIO'S'FOUR-MOST' FUN.§TARSTOGET!SER in the laugh-hattle of the century !
MARCH OF TIME SAILORS WITH WINGS Mija - THURSDAY- FRIDAY-
I
A WARNER BROS. HIT. rtanlng PRISClUA iANE BIliyWElD RICHARD WHORF *Dhcovtr this 'fittd’/or yourulft llOYP NOUN • JACK CAHSON^ LAST DAY
O'.a \
,aPeid!4^M‘ w, goaJi^r^^eoft tlStey 3e‘:t(i>.i&.ti'i' !■ j , JlheItivetiet^|i^ to round jt^ganie that tw affair Sjtate %!egtej^«ajt)ve i&M^^'tJii^Mdhottse next %ta^(^y tie thitil eonfetenee ^counter
f^pMan
t|ieh<3^^ court
ElratScjjp^S^'V" ' . , _ ■'4:''' ' The have had^mewhiat 9^ an up 'htid down sea^n so far this year,,;biUJ jpu can’t' judge them piireiy oiv heeau^ d,i^-^. ing the- pesf i'eAy Sweeks they l1^£^ve hit dpidn h'^|ng of bad lock that '
Elllfiteeh ni.en.ijbldSHshfe’hd^Wof the
is ilieble to h^en to* any bait elub.. Puj^yja boxing teairij'M ifi.e# pre-
The’Sdfiki'PpfeuO^' the season with pai*e their first niSe^ili withi Mich-
an irilfei’essiVe yictory over the high- igah State oa.taoWai'y^'Siarsh bi ,(.
Ijr touted*- |}irdat.: 'ta;^s, Ttdining , g-oifie 6f''^h-'feys
quintet)'the* onfy teahi yet that has pj^in^^tays-'of; this ate been, able to produce a. win over j. F.i K^kiHlp, IRK pm-^fiji, tainbert'S snipoth funhing, combina- i75 poundat abd Eddie Ryden, 165 ^Oh‘,; 'ahd' 'algo-scored a‘win-over'a pounds, '^s Boughan and Jack strong University of Kentucky five. Trelfall are Goldeh Gloyea chahiAlt whs going Well fOr the Ohio pions, but will not be aWe to defend
♦ « .
v\fy.
Wedneschyy Jaiii#ai!y 1’94Z
ItUiwihhtrcLt Niews
squad until they started theid dis- theit title because the Golden Gloves astrous western ihvasioh which tournaments have been cancelled
fOuhd’hh.fehv Oh the shott end of four conse,cutiye ball games.
OneLoss
•- W ernbon from 3 until 5. race opened last Satvirday'niglit; the The PBA pledges have
this year. Eddie Miyamasu is a 136 pounder who comes from Hawaii. The team holds, practice every aft-
.. . in scoring in the recent game played against the Riveters, Frank Baumholtz, Great Lakes Training Station star, has continued hissharpshooting in recent games played by the na.Val quintet, Since the game played here in Lafdyette, the Great Lakes team has continued its wanderiitga through the Middle West without defeat. Butler was a recent vietim of the great ball playing shown by the traveling sailors.
With' thn AM: star'' Swimriuhgj Meet scheduled; for 4^6 O’cloefc' in the Eieldhovjse pool tomoinnw afternobhj' the ';Ga'’eani ol thi& ^year’s intranluraill aquatic: crop, is ^ eagerly awaiting the 'call to action. -The eight: events which ai'e inCliUded in j this ineet are: thn fojilbwing; 150! Yard BJcdiey, 100; Yalrd Bhcfcsk'Gka j 220 Yard Fred EtyleX 100- Yard; BreaStsti’0ke> 100* Yai'd' Free ■ Style, 60 Yard'free Style, 300‘I'ard Relay, fe
and Eiving'.;: ,; ■,. r ; i:V. 1^ Ahotii^ Baseball In, 1942? Thd; present‘standilpg in IPrater- ’; '^ schedule providing for the cessation of classes nity '^qaaSh cbntpfetitidh ■PhOw iSl'g- Oh.- Ijday 2' instead of the- regular time will seriously affect; the natural ma Alpha Mu, Eelta Ghii.'Sigrniai^hi epurse of three sports, baseball, track, and golf. These are the three Epsilon,' aiid: SiSnia^Gh} all itied ®r. spndng spornnyyhich have schedules planned for the month of May; - the leadership With t^'C^.vyiPtpnks ^seball’Will be the inpsfe seriously hit of the trip. The first reaction
Meet the Teaiii
presenting^
avf-sj.'
r#s«,4-
gone
Buckeyes continued their losing through three weeks of pledgeship ^ays by dropping a ragged encoun- and will be: initiated some time after ter tp! the (ypphcra. of MiihndSota, the first match, p.m.m. and canbef &iirbottijin'dollar — ' * - : ' .i’ -
Fi^teTnity l^owlizig
that the team that plays here next , ^ ^ -
Weekend wilf bd fighting mad and f hat the fps thm^ht. was an atout to get back into the win column. the part of the . Gold and Black players, but when ,, l^espite the apparently sound las- jjgjjgg ^iras planted near the cpnter mg the Boiiermakers handed out to Handler was forced to
the tYOlvefines last Hpnddy. Piggy out and meet him.
Lambert indicated toAhe squad that Lambert mentioned that several he was^faw ffPiw bmngi wmp etely diiring the course of the game satisfied with the brand of ball that ^ git„atio,„s that called for they^are playing and he tookbime Boilermakers to decide Whether Out from yesterday’s drill to dwell ^here was a fast break opportunity ppon a few of the major mistakes ^ which they should that the squad,committed. _ keep control of the ball. He seemed It became pbyious that Michigan, to feel that many times hesitancy When trailing by'fifteen points de- On our part ruined what might have tided to mass under the Boilermaker been a good scoring opportunity,
basket, Wan guilty of defensive Hard Night
Stalling in an'effort to.; halt the Following his short talk to the Speed of the game and take a chance team, Lambert sent them through
WednoBday, January 7 , : 6:30 Pi Knppa Phi vs Sigma. Pi Triangle vs Alpha Sigma Psi
8:46
Delta Tail Pelta va Kappa Delta Rho ' Thursday, Jahnaiy 8:
6:30
Tau- Kappa . Epsilon vs Delta Upsilon Sigma Nil vs. Acacia Sigma Alpha Epsilon ya Phi Gamma Delta Phi Kappa Psi vs Phi Kappa Tau Epsilon Phi vs Alpha Chi Eho
8:46
LgraMa Qhi, AlP.lw. vs Alyha, 'Tau. Omega
Ueta Theta Pi vs Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Kappa Tau vs Phi Sigma Kappa
Theta Xl vs Phi Delta Theta
Beta Sigma Psi vs Alpha Gamma Rho *Note—Pi Kaijp.a Alpha aiid Theta Chi
do not bowl this 'wcels.
Standings for 9th Week
Won
. 24 . 19 . 18
18
17
on the Riveters making some mistakes. -
No Stalling
a. series of fast short shots from directly under the basket. Next came a drill designed to get more
11
10
This plan worked with consider- speed into, the noted fast break of able success for a while, fpr Hand- the Boilermaker attack, and after
. 2
Won
.20
ler was able to intercept several this tWp. squads^ one wearing white of the Boilermaker passes and- his and the other gold, squared off height under the basket ga'vc them against each other in a spirited and control of the majority of the re- impressive practice game to close bound shots. This was the cause for the session, r.w.d.
: "A” Bracket
Allpha Tau Omega Beta Theta Pi Phi Sigma Kappa Pi Kappa Alpha Phi Kappa Sigma Eambda Chi Alpha Phi Delta Theta Theta Xi Theta Chi Beta Sigma Psi .1....... Pi Kappa Phi Sigma Pi Phi Kappa Tau Alpha Gamma Rho
“B” Bracket
Delta Tau Delta Della Dpailon Sigma Nil
Tau Kappa Epsilon Sigma Alpha Epsilon . Kappa Delta Rho
Alpha Sigma Psi
Phi Kappa
Alpha Chi Rho
Phi Kappa Psi
Phi Gamma Delta I Triangle...... i Tau Epsiiou Phi i NINTH WEEK STATISTICS
High Individual Scores
Sigma Pi-rrHintz
Delta Upsilon—Barnes
High Individual Series Beta Sigma Psi—Bradac
Delta Tau Delta^—-Wright
High Team. Game ;
Sigma Pi : Thu Kappa Epsilon
High Team Series
Delta Tau Delta Signid Nu
Lost .3 8
.15
16
. n, 19' 20 25 Lost
19
16
15
14
13
13
12
11
..267 .237
..689 ..587
and ho ‘fhlfeihy the hoW setug- was the announcement by basebaU coach Dutch is close besMnd with, two, Wfhh .hh^ Fehping thh^ hhXhtoi'haseball trip to the southlands during spring no Ipssesi ' vacation has hecessarily been, cancelled. Plans foX*'the tiip this year GaiiW Hall'l-P i& S'h.owu^* the Way were fUr ganies with Pensacola Naval Air Cofps Training School and
in.GlaSs:A:bahketl!hi®,^iji;h'.'ffvh/;yic^ gyitl^ Ti,,^.
toriesahdnhdtefealiSi;thftstahdhigs::''w '4|" -.
show''U#y-'H^ i4 and:f6 .ju'hht. -
pursuit of' the leaders, each Wiig : has been more handicapped than rnost sports in colundefeated in four gaiueS.-. legiate circles because the season ends before real baseball weather Over on the Fratefhity side of the eomes about. Now with another month slashed off it will be worse. Nine Glass'A: 'hardwopd' WardL-We gaiues aii'e scheduled for the days following May 2, six of which are con-
Delta Upsilon, Phi Delta T^^ ferqnee battles>
Sigma Ghl in a triple ^ , Nobody can be sure about what rulings, conference officials will make leadership with Avd tfjuihphs aud between npW and then, but in the mean.Mme baseball will have a normal no setbaoks. Trailing'<liese; 'behlh^ begihning with the exceptio.n of the tifip- to the sunny south, and it: is the boys; frdiu Theta Xi are unde- very probable-that at, feast som;e of these Sfay games will be played
feated in fora,’ebubestsi : ' ^
In Glass A basketball dompeti- ^ Y/iil Change Things
One of the strongest possibilities for finishing the season, and possibly even eclipsing past seasons, will be the playing of baseball all through the new summer term, all the way into August. This will leave the present seniors out of eompefition unless they elect, or have to, con-
tinue another semester to graduate.
The problem of getting games during this time naturally ax-ises, but is answered by the fact that several mid-’Western engineering schools are contemplating the holding, of full summer terms, making a perfect setup for ntakihg baseball a greater collegiate spoi’t than anyone has
ever: befqre dreanied of.
► Kow About Track Goach Herman Phillips, has arranged one of the finest track schedules in the history of the University. The indoor schedule Avill not he affected by the shortened semestex”, but it will interfere rather seriously with the outdoor ax’rangeinents. Two dual mee^s, the state and Big Ten conference nxeets, and three other invitational xneets are arranged for during the off period. According to Coach Phillips, the two duiijl meets and possibly the state and Big'Ten meets will certainly be attended in some way. It is quite possible that members of the squad will be able to remain for a few days after classes end to finish the season. ► Possibility Of New Rulings Nobody can say what changes may come about affecting conference athletics in geixeral. It is quite possible that freshmen mjiy be allowed to compete before ixxany inore months of the present conditions con-
jack Swanfz
tion for: ASlraXf teaxnsX leaf'd 24 is lead ipg the, field with fi.ye wins aixd no losses. The hoys froiAvWar# 3 ax’e also in the ranks of the undefeated as a- result of their four suc-
cessive tx’iuniphs.
Women's Bowling
. i . league tournament ended last night when the gixds fx’om Kappa Kappa Gamma nosed out the Thetas by about 250 pins to come out victorious. The Chi Omegas ran a close third, with Alpha Chi Oihega, Alpha Xi Delta, Pi Beta Phi, Delta Gamma a-nd Phi Mu trailing in that
order.
.969 ..962
.2603 .2628
SQUASH 1 Wednesday, January 7 Courts l-,-2, 3 7 :00 .Siiynia Pi vs Alpha Sifrma .Phi 7 :16.* Phi Kdppa vs Theta Xi
HAPPY NEW
YEAR!
Everything for a
College Education DEAC’S
EDGERTON HDWE.,1KC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
By Hob KrvE^er One of the most prouiising additions to the varsity hardwed# squad*, is Jack Swantz,'the taM, rato^ ceiiter fi’om South Bend. Jaelk, or “Tiger” as he is called by Ms-team-mates, is 13 years old, weighs 188 pounds, and towers 6 feetAWtnehbs’ in height., , _ ; * ; .A' iv'C He attended Jaiiiied Riley High School where he was a member of the varBity 'squadychjch j^ * captured the Regional and {^ctidiial . crowns in 1940. Jack’s biggestkpoXiiiig thrill occurred during the fii^' , game of the Sectional chamyio:^,^' ship tournament when the Bilesr’ ''*'' cage teanl, which is cdacheS ^y^i1ftc&"^ “ * McCaxmes, the All-AmeritlSn bg^J^tball star froixi Northwesterrh 4#^ feated their arch rivals, Gentnal-df South Bend, by a, score of 33 to.'81. “Tiger’s” favorite sport is b^letball hut he likes to play bhsbVaQ and softball also. Re is an'eatlisfeiastic sports fan, and likes his luck with a rod and reel ever he finds time to do so. Wh^ it comes to daixce music, Jack P?®fGrs Glenn Miller. . .j/ • With the world in such a ixx^^ he is not sure what career he tXfil pursue after completing his ednefition. ’ ■
USED & NEW
USE OUR LAYAWAY PLAN RESERVE GOOD USED BOOKS NOW! A small deposit will hold any’books until second semester classes begin
50% CASH FOR YOUR USED BOOKS-or 60% IN TRADE for books in good condition that will be used next semester.
UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
(Across From Union) M. C. “Red” SamlnoijiSi ’29 R- W. “Doc” Eppic, ’40
Here's to a Happy and Successful '42!
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK — DENTISTS ....
400-404 Sehultx Bldg. 4lli and Main St. Lafayette
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 55214
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclily
m
“I never will get this recipe right if they keep butti;«g,iB! .i buUetin^. So far I’ve got 1 cup of flour, one Jap - 2 eggs arid the blackout instructii^ns for"i -s'
%ries Of Programs On WBAA To Stress Weights, Measures ’^'i'irSt of & series of 13 radio pro^«nis empliasizing the importance correct weights and measures fsn be broadcast from 6:15 p. m. j|i) 7:00 p. m. next Saturday, over radio station WBAA, it was an^Unced by Di. John W. Ferrec, ^tc health commissioner. 5'
The State Board of Health and the Indiana Association pf Inspectors of Weights and Measui’es will jointly sponsor the series, which will be broadcast every other Monday as features of the public service department of WBAA. State, county and city inspectors of weights and jneasures will participate in this aeries of educational programs. 13 Broadcasts Titles of the 13 broadcasts are: Introduction to Weights and Measures; Beginning and Early History of Weights and Measures; Modern
History bf Weights and Measures; Indiaha Weights arid Measures His'tory'; Food Package Standardization; Enforcement of Coal Laws by tVeights and Measure Officials; Constructive and Positive Weights and Measuies Thinking; Adventures of Mary Consumer; Proper Method of Buying and Selling Poultry; A Grocery man Looks at Weights and Measures; Importance of Proper Labeling; Importance of Weights and Measuies to National Defense and Weights and Measures Requires Public Co-operation, e.h.a.
Prof. Muller's Artides Appear In Magazines Profe3.sor II. J. Muller of the English department is the author of two articles which have just been published in the winter issues of two national quarterly magazines. One appears in Accent, and is a short article on ri;he last novel by the late Virginia Woolf, “Between the Acts.” The other is an article in the Yale Review, entitled “Scientist and Man of Letters.”
sll '
„ • ' f+1> f 4 /i *■. ^ '
Beta Sigma Psi
')
, . . social fraternity, announces the elcctioh of the following officers: R. P. Gerke, president; C. H. Waldhauer, first vice president; Edward Truman, house manager; M. D. Yoder, treasurer; Paul Seehausen, , assistant treasurer; Paul Bussing, secretary; Charles Bosma, rush chairman; A1 Pastriek and Walt Rafert, social chairmen; Norman Marozick, 'commissar; and E. L. Laker, athletic manager. Foundation Friendly Will Show Movies Of Activities Foundation Friendly will present movies portraying the activities of the Purdue Christian Foundation at 4:00 o’clock this afternoon. The movies were taken during the past two years and show the students at work and at play. Everyone interested in the activities of the foundation is urged to attend and enjoy the pictures. The movies will be shown at the foundation house, 132 S. Grant St. r.l.m.
' 1* >:f.,'f;; I' '■ S'(
WeaHesduy,; Jair^ary^ 7^ ?
‘ I ', i . A /, .t1. „
Notices
\
^1.^
' >C ; f
'\'W I ? 4' J .'I
ir^ I
; 1' 'SS; ifMs ■ t I' I
Gimlet: important dinner meeting Wednc day, January 7, at the Beta house at 5 15 p m. ArrangtmentH for bus trip to Indiana game \sill be made then. Kvoryone planning to go must bt. there. Very tjhort mtiting Kemcmber 25c fine for noh*attt ndanco. —JOHNSON Cheerleaders: Prnctu'o in mam part oE rnddhovTse Wednesday, Jan. 7» at 4 p. m I'leasf* be there. — GOLL All Students: All proscriptions to be ftlkd in the Apothecary must be nceived not lat« r than 4 p. m. Monday through Friday, and h\ 11:30 a. m on Saturday. All pres( notions must ho caUecl for at the counter in the Apothecary of the School of Phai-
macy.
Sigma Delta Chi Members: Will all piisons who still have Hassle tickets out rctin n them or the money immediately to me ADAMSON Wesley Players: Emergency meeting at foundation Thursday from 4:30 to 5 pm Important that all actives attend. DoYOUNG
HAPPY NEW YEAR! GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
All Military Students! There will be no X-hours. Y-hours. or corps day duriiiK the week of Jan Ti-lO All other cl.issis will meet as scheduled —GUAIIAM All Militarj .luniors: AH reconnaissance classes mcetiiiK Wid . Thursday, and Fri., •Ian 7 8 sini] 'I, will meet in the FitldhouhO at tin. c.ist dooi - MESSKBSiMlTH All Military Students: AH stildi ins havIIIK ahsdiies in drill, m.iv make them up liiiririir niiks of Jan. 11 to 27, nick Credit for thcbo m.ik” ups will he Kivtn in 1st scme.ster irradts for sluduits with C_ oi I j'lades due to ahseiiees all others will receive crtslil on their 2nd simobtel grades Two weeks period for make up Vi'Hl he determined bv coiintiinr all ri'priilar school weelcs between Dec 8 .ind .Tan 27 exceptintr wetlc of Jan .7 to 10, iiicl
GKAHAM
Socioloirv Stufionts; No ti fits this weiK 111 Sol 77, elivisioiis 11, D, tS: G and Soc 17(;a smith Alpha Zeta: Misting 'llnirsday. Jan 8, in room 80,1 of the Union .it 7’30 P m
- SWAIN
Hurt Society No mec tiiu'- Wednesdas niieht .J.iTuiarv 7 -SCHALLIIt" N
ASCE: Mectintt Thursday, Jdti. 8,»at 8 p.m. in room 201 of the Civil EnBlnodrinit miildiiiK -lltUlTT
WAA Council: No WAA C^ncil meeting Thursday, Jan 8. —-rlDOEON Chineae Students: .The regular monthly meeting will ho hold on Friday* room 263 of the Union at 7 p.tn. NeW officers for next aemoBter will bo ejected and some important business will be discussed* All Forensic Managers: Important meeting in room 301 of University Hall at 6 p.nu Thursday, Jan. 8. —LAWLER
Student War Council: Me (lav Jan 7 at 7’30 p. m (>nu<>
: tipg V» V iiu 4in the scnnle DIDOS
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machine*, all make* sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J, Gbershoff, 6b& Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. 1 Typing: Get those reports in on time. Experhniccd ste!iographer. Standard rates. One-day service. 242 Littleton. Phone 3412.
She flies through the air with greatest of ease . . . and it’s no hardship for us to look upon the beauteous Vera Zorina as she appears in Paratnount’s Technicolor “Louisiana Purchase” wearing the eye-filling costumes created for her by Raoul Pene Du Bois, in which she co-stars with Bob Hope and Victor Moore. "Sparkling as a moonbeam”! That’s how this gown of ice blue net has been described. The dress has a fitted bodice outlined with a narrow pleated ruffle. The full gored skirt, worn ov er a blue taffeta petticoat, has a deep pleated ruffle. A lovely pattern of glittering silver sequins is appliqued on the skirt and outlines the high midriff. A diamond necklace forms k halter for the dress. On her head Vera wears a mantilla of blue liet trimmed in silver lace. ' For a scene in “Louisiana Purchase” calling for informal street wear, l)u Bois made this .soft gray wool suit featuring the peasant influence and trimmed with an applique design of smart black braid. High neck and cuffs are finished with a narrow' pleated ruffle of white cotton. The gay red suede gloves, purse and hat match the flower pot lopel pin. This shell pink chiffon negligee is another of the gorgeous creations to
be seen on Zorina in the picture. Worn over a pink satin slip, the gown has a softly draped bodice, full bishop sleeves and a full skirt with a slight train. A wide girdle embroidered in pearls encircles her waist. Pearls also trim the high round neck and wrists. For her own wardrobe the ballet dancer has selected the stunning white ermine wrap shown in the above layout. Full bishop sleeves also prevail here and the wrap show s to fine advantage over Zorina’s smart black and w'hite dinner gown. A practical dressmaker suit is always a worthy addition to milad>’s wardrobe. Monica designed this and it was made up for Zorina in battleship and slate gray. The slim skirt is slate gray wool. The three-quarter length jacket is sofi battleship gray angora and wool material with an in.set design of slate gray wool. The buttons are antique silver. Accessories are bungundy red. The pattern on the gloves matches the inset pattern on the suit coat. The lovely purse in burgundy red with a tortoise rim. Zorina of “the body beautiful” wears dancing frocks and tailored clothes equally well. You will teast your eyes when you see her in “Louisiana Purchase.”
Across From Union “Red” Sammont *29 “Doc* £ppl« *40
THINK NOW!
ABOUT YOUR
NEXT SEMESTER
EXPONENT SUBSCRIPTION
1*. ,
YOU'LL GET MORE CASH For your USED TE?CTBOOKS, Drawing if" lit Instruments and Engineering Supplies at—
mmi BOOK & slippiy .sTdiiF 308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
Southworth’s