Established 1889
x/pxmeni ^ > , On To Tokyo
NAVY V7 Program Now Open Indefinitely
4
Volume 53, No. 186
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday^ May 6, 1942
Lupke, Ball To Command Brigades This Semester University To Serve As Bomb Protection Training Center
Jackson, Rohtert, Merrill, Elliott Named Regimental Commanders
Officials Sign Contract With Chemical Warfare Service; School Starts June 14
G/ee Club Selects Men
For Summer FollowiriR two^.cTayR of try-outs A1 Stewart, conductor, yesterday announced that the following men will compose the Men’s Glee Club for the summer term: First tenors: Edmond Coopei, A1 Hubert, Arthur Jacklin, Bob Keithley, William Morgan, David Henry and Robert Angermeier. Baritones: Richard Buffigton, Diehl Martin, Roboi t A. Leighton, Robert Henderson, Dale Mitchell, Lloyd Myers, Ray Robertson, Wilfred Scott, Charles Robert Wright, Bill Rothenberger, Sam Williams and William Fawcett. Second tenors: Vernon Burnidge, Dick Ciane, Robert Eastman, Ray Friend, Frank Hopf, Armand Cenci, Ross McKee, Edward L. Johnstone and J. W’. Peters. Basses: Norman Merrick, Joseph Lautner, Glenn Earl, Dick Mulvey, Robert E. My^rs, Ogden Pierce, William Graft, Joseph Richards, Dale Ray, William Southard, Richard Kohls and Harry Darling. David Simpson is the accompanist and Robert E. Myeis, the manager of the glee club. Stiujents selected for the Concert Choir, University Choir and University Orchestra will be announced in Friday's Exponent. All members of the Glee Club aie requested to meet for rehearsal today at 4 p.m. in the Glee Club Studio in the Plall of Music. 'Petroleum News' Carries Article By University Men “Effects of Ignition Timing and Anti-Knock Quality of Fuel on Engine Performance" was the title of an article wi itten recently by three University men for the April 15 issue of National Retroleum News. Co-authors of the article were C. W. Phelps, instructor in the Mechanical Engineering school; R. C. Heidiier, who is working on his Master of Science in Engineeiing degree; and M. L. Smithley, who is working for his Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering degiee. Information for this article was obtained by those thiee men in tests run in conjunction with a comptehensive fuel test program being conducted in the school of Mechanical Engineering under the dhection of Prof. H. M. Jacklin.
Purdue University will serve as the midwest center for the training of civilians in protection against bombs, it was announced yesterday by President E. C. Elliott following the signing of contracts for the school with the Chemical Warfare Service of the U. S. Army. Col. V. J. Fisher, of Washington, representing the Chemical Warfare branch of the Army, was here to confer with Dr. Elliott, Controller R. B. Stewart and other University
officials.
The fiist school will start June 14 when a group of fifty civilians selected from the upper Mississippi Valley, including the states from the Appalachian to the Rocky Mountains, Will be here for an instructional period of two weeks. Group Will Teach Others The group will be given instruction in how to cope with incendiary bombs, time bombs, high explosives and other types of bombs which the axis powers have used. Those who come here will return to their communities to conduct similar schools for local leaders who in turn will train all citizens how to reduce loss of life and property in event of bombing attacks. There will be a new group of ti ainees coming to the campus every two weeks. These students will be selected by the regional director of the Office of Civilian Defense and army officers will serve as instructors. A lighter bomber will be used to simulate bomb attacks and aid in the instructional program. Army officers will be here later this month to woik with University officials in setting up plans for the school. The school will continue “for the duration” or as long as necessaiy to complete the training program. University Serves Inland Area Similar schools have been organized for other sections of the country at Leland Stanford University, University of Washington, Amherst College, University of Maiyland, University of Florida, and Texas A. & M. College. The University was chosen to serve the area not covered by these schools which were designated primarily to serve the coastal areas. t Dean Fisher Slightly Better Dean Fisher, who has been in the Home Hosprtal since last Saturday when he was suddenly taken ill, was repor-ted yesterday to be slightly improved. Doctor's who ate attending the seventy year old dean of men, who will retire this July, I'equest that he have no visitor's until his recovei'y is complete.
University Continues Old Grading System For Summer Term
Changes in the grading system which would eliminate the H grade and put the University on a 4-3-2-1 basis comparable to other Universities will not go into effect for the summer term, accqi'ding to an announcement from the Regi.strai'’a office. The new plan, which was adopted on May 2(5, 1!)41 at a faculty meeting, is scheduled to go into operation at the beginning of the fall term which starts in September. The delay in starting the new system is caused by the labor involved in recalculating scholastic indices, minimal credit hours required for graduation, and class designations and for the partial remission of fees. Ruling Causes Confusion The class designation phase of the new program seems to be causing confusion among students registering for the summer semester. Seniors suddenly found themselves classed as juniors, sophomores or freshmen because of their failure to schedule or pass a course required in those particular years of work. Other students have found themselves classified a grade oi two lower because of the same reason. The registrar’s office has been beseiged with students demanding an explanation of their suddenly demoted standing. The whole thing traces back to a ruling passed by the University which states that a student must have successfully passed all required woik before attaining each successive grade, regardless of time spent at the University or Cl edit houis obtained. Grade Values Although arrangements for the new gTading system are not complete, the present plan calls for a system in which 4 would lepi'esent excellent; 3 would stand for good; 2 would depict fair and 1 would indicate passing in minimal objectives only. Two failmg grades and one conditional mark similar to the D, F, and I now used, will also be giv-
en.
For the summer term, however, the old system of H, A, B, P, C, D, I and F, will be used with the H grade being awaided for outstanding ability and extia effort.
Locker Notice Fieldhousc Lockers must be renewed by Sat., May 9 or locker deposit will be lorfeited and articles obtainable only by return of locker key.
Officials Announce Opening Of Navy^s V-7 Program
Reopening of the Navy’s class V-7 training piogram for college men of junior and senior standing which will now remain open indefinitely, has been announced here following a yecent conference between Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the President, and Commander R. H. G. Mathews, U. S. N. R., in Indianapolis. College men who have attained junior status prioi to April 15,1942, or who were not eligible for class V-1 while sophomoies may now continue to enlist in V-7, the plan which permits students to finish school before being called for deck or engineering officers’ training from which they will graduate with ensign commissions. Plans Changed Under former plans, class V-1, the Navy’s training progiam for younger college men, was designed to replace class V-7 which would
have then been made available to only men enlisting in class V-1 or other enlisted men in the Navy. Under class V-1, applicants choose between training for deck or engineeiing officers, or training as aviation cadets, in ^Vhich they become eligible for civilian flight training during their fieshman or sophomore year, and then take the V-6 couise for Naval Air Force commissions. Revisions in the V-6 plan make it possible for a candidate who does not remain in college for two years or who fails to pass the V-1 classification examination with a sufficiently high grade to go to one of the Navy’s flight Gaining centers providing he can pass both the physical and mental examinations for prospective aviation officers. Candidates foi the V-7 classification who fail to pas.s the Navy com-
petitive examination will be allowed to finish their second calendar yeai, now equivalent to approximately thiee school yedrs under the new speedup program of most colleges, before they are assigned to active duty as appientice seamen. The former ruling pei nutted them to finish their sophomore year. Student applicants for V-1 are enlisted as apprentice seamen in the Naval Reserve. They are placed on inactive duty, however, until their college period of training is completed. High school seniors who have been accepted for admission at accredited colleges, or freshmen and sophomores of age are eligible. Through nation-wide co-opera-tion with its present piogram, the Navy hopes to commission a minimum of 35,000 officers a year for duty with the Naval Air Force and the fighting units at sea.
Religious Council Sponsors Party For Freshmen Incoming freshmen were guests at a get-acquainted party held in the Women’.s Gym last night with entertainment provided by Kenny Tiuax and his Folk-a-Whirlers, leading the group in games, and A1 Stewart, head of musical organizations, directing songs the newcomers will be expected to know while on the campus. 250 Attend Approximately 250 freshmen attended the affair as guests of the Purdue Religious Council. Following the party, they were divided into groups according to religious preference and went to the various churches and foundation houses for the remainder of the evening,' including Wesley Foundation, Christian Foundation, Roger Williams Club, Westminster Foundation,' Newman Club at the Roman Catholic chuich, and the United Brethren, Lutheran, Christian Science, and Evangelical churches. Faculty Members Introduced Faculty members wei’e also introduced as pait of the program. They were “Red” Mackey, head of men’s physical education; Elmer Burnham, head football coach; Dean Fred Goldsmith, new dean of men; Dr. F. D. Mai tin, head of freshmen chemistry; Helen Hazelton, head of women’s physical education; Clare A. Coolidge, assistant dean of women; and V. C. Freeman, associate dean of the School of Agriculture. Eugene Balsley, student pastor of the Wesley Foundation, was in charge of arrangements. Book Exchange Needs Engineering Texts; Selling To Continue student Book Exchange began sale of used texts yesterday in the south ballroom of the Union. Approximately 1,300 books were bought and sold dm ing the day’s activities and the Exchange now has 500 books on hand. Engineering books, especially ME and EE, and othei technical books are needed, but there is an oversupply of books for incoming freshmen because of the 1 educed enrollment. Passports Needed Books received at the Exchange cannot bo sold for more than 76 per cent of their original value and students presenting books for sale must show their passports for identification. Money for books sold and texts not purchased must be called for not later than May 20 or they will become the piopeity of the Student
Union.
Receiving and selling will continue until May 15. Books may be brought in anytime during the selling period but it is advisable to get the books in as soon as possible. The exchange is sponsored by the Student Union and is a non-profit organization condpeted foi the benefit of the students. Exponent Staff Meeting of all junior and sophomore editorial men and coeds in the Exponent office today at 4 p.m. Attendance required; schedules tor summer semester will be made out. Call or see me in advance if impossible to attend. —ARMSTRONG
Grace Moore To Sing Saturday At First Of 7 Summer Convos
By Dave Ochiltree
Opening the new series of seven summer convocations this Saturday in the Music Hall will be Grace Moore, noted star of many opeias, concerts, radio programs, and movies. Miss Moore, who recently returned from a tour of Latin America that took her on a 50,000 mile airplane trip, will present her program to townspeople, faculty members and students at 7:30 p.m.
Early Debut
With her opening debut in a musical comedy called “Suite Sixteen,” Miss Mooie, at the age of 16, be^an a career that has led to many leading roles in both opera and motion pictures, and she is now the proud holder of 10 decorations from as many different nations. Included in the decorations are the Order of Southern Cross, from Brazil; the Gold Medal of American Society of Arts and Sciences, from the United States; The Legion of Honor, from France; and honors from Belgium, Danmark, Norway, Sweden, Mexico, Cuba and the Dominican Re-
public.
Featured By Irving Berlin Following her opening perform-
ance in “Suite Sixteen” she ' continued to study and stari’ed in lining Berlin’s Music Box and “Up in the Clouds.” During this time she was twice turned down at auditions by the Metropolitan Opera House, but finally made the grade while singing in a concert in Milan, Italy, where she had gone to study. Her operatic debut was made with this company in February, 1929, and since that time she has starred in the roles of Mimi (La Boheme), Manon, Marguerite (Faust), Juliet Louise, Flora (L’Amore de’ tre), Tosca, Needa (Paggliacce), Tales
of Hoffman, and Todca.
Miss Moore got her start in motion pictures in 1938 when she starred in “One Night of Love” and since that time she has starred in such productions as “Jenny Lind,” “New Moon,” and “Love Me Forever,” “The King Steps Out,” “Louise,” and “I’ll Take Romance.” Doors of the Music Hall will open at 6:45 p.m. for the convocation, and admission will be by passport, season ticket, or by single admission tickets which will be sold only on Saturday night for ipi.OO plus
tax.
Appointment of W. H. Lupke as senior Colonel, commanding the first Brigade of the Uni* versity ROTC corps, was announced by the Military Department yesterday, along with the appointment of Cadet Colonel R. T. Ball as commander of the segond Brigade at the regular Tuesday and Thursday Corps Day formations. Other top ranking cadet officers include Cadet Col. A. L. Jackson, commanding the first regiment; Cadet Col. R. E. Rohtert, second regiment; Cadet Col. H. M. Merrill, third regiment; and Cadet Col. J. W. El-
liott, fourth regiment.~ ' Approximately 1,100 students will be enrolled in advanced and basic military training for the new semester, including 179 senioi’s, 154 juniors, 431 sophomores, and 272 freshmen. Present plans call for the regular organization of two brigades, four regiments, eight battalions, and thirty-two batteries as in former semesters. Only change in the summer schedule from the past will be that all brigade and battery formations, and some classes will be held outdoors, weather permitting.
Summer Uniforms ,
To begin the semester-, uniforms will consist of wool trousers^ cotton shirts, black ties, and 'woolen caps, with basic insignia worn on the shirt collar and insignia for advanced students worn on the collar and shoulders. Summer trousers and caps may be issued later iOrthe semester, but are not available at
the present time.
Serving at Cadet Lt. Colonels for the new semester will be C. B. IiCber, H. M. Johnson, G. L. Richey, R. W. Deuster, E. Warren Johnson, W. L. Korte, G. H. Freundlich, W. H. Traylor, M. R. Spencer, G. R. Wolter, R. M. McKee, R. L. Weiss, N. E. Marozick, and J. H. Louden-
back.
Rank As Majors Newly-appointed Cadet Majors are R. J. Visin, E. R. Badger, R. E. Wilson, J. T. Youngblood, R. W. Schoeff, W. B. Monical, A. E. Arkin, J. G. Hunt, R. L. Toering, F. J. Vollmer, R. R. Cartmell, E. J. Is* bell, F. L. Jones, C. N. Doup, P. J. McDonald, and E. C. Connelly. Serving as Cadet Captains will b« C. T. Nugent, F. J. Turner, B. Arts, A. A. Neese, R. B. Lai'son, W. U. Schalliol, F. E. Kunn, R. L. VanCamp, C. L. Donnelly, 0. S. Powell, C. M. Williams, R. L. Hadley, If. E. Ginder, D. J. Best, L. J. Fadals, G. E. Paine, R. L. Dilts, R. W. Taylor, N. Spetner, A. R. Pastrick, G. W, Ritenour, D. W. Schaffner, K. W. Doversberger, C. L. Moore, E. M. Lawiecki, W. K. Lewright, T. P. Hoobs, C. E. Timmons, E. 0. Barth, J. D. Karn, E. L. Czenkusch, J. P. Ancker, L. Morgan, R. W. Scott, K. K. Gjemre, J. R. Lottes, D. E. Zeller, W. H. Kuhlman, J. M. Coombs, R. O. Fulton, W. H. Clausen, J. F. Dodds, J. R. Myers, W. G. Buries, G. M. Yurkanan, J. R. Vandertord, C. A. Rivaski, and W. P. Hebenstreit. The present staff of regular Army officers will be unchanged for the beginning of tlie semester. Students May Still Get Sugar Ration Cards In Union Students past the age of 18 wbo ‘ have not been issued their sugar rationing cards at registration may still sign up for them in the north ballroom of the Union today and tomorrow. It is essential that ench student receive his rationing cm^di| since later they will be used PoT lationing commodities other thait
sugar.
AU students under 18 may advliie their families to register for thaitt in their home town if they 'want tn receive their rationing books. Rgtion cards other than student’af may be signed up for at the.'>i^htKton school building between 4 and ftpdMu
How Late Students May Still Register Students who are forced to register late may do so by calling at the Registrar’s office for their assignment cards and blank schedule cards. The assignment card must be checked by the head of the school in which the student is enrolled and one schedule card must be checked by the head of each department in which the student has scheduled courses. The checked schedule must be returned to the head of the school who signs the card. The assignment card and schedule cards should now be returned ^
to the Registrar’s office where the late registrants are issued railroad tickets and the other forms that are fillerd out at reg-
ular registration.
Pay Fees Last
After filling out the necessary foi ms, the students are authorized to go to the cashier’s office and
pay their fees.
Students who have enois or desiie changes in their schedules
should consult department heads and head of theii school. If the head of the school approves the change, the students should report to the Registrar’s office in order that the appropriate changes may
be made.
Dr. Noyes To Speak
At AChS
Meeting
Dr. W. A. Noyes, Jr., chairman of the Department of Chemisti-y at the University of Rochester, will be the speaker at the next meeting of
AWS Holds Picnic For 50 Freshmen Coeds At Stadium Grounds Last night the Associated Women Students sponsored a picnic for the 50 new Women students and their counselors. This picnic, the first event on the informal orientation program, was held in the grounds
behind the stadium.
The girls who are serving as counselors this semester aie members of Green Guard, counseling honorary sponsored by AWS, and the AWS orientation committee. Membeis of the orientation committee are Jane Van Gorkom, who is in charge of freshman orientation, Mary Ellen David, who is in charge of transfer orientation, and Beth
Ludberg.
Next week at a coke party in the Union the freshman women will be given an opportunity to hear about
the University section of the Amer- various campus activities from
ican Chemical Society to be held next Monday evening: at 7:30 in room 211 of Stanley Coulter Hall. Dr. Noyes, who will discuss “Organic Photochemistry,” will be the guest of honor at a dinner at Lincoln Lodge preceding the meeting which is open to the general public. Reservations for the dinner may be
the senior women who are activities
Dr. H. B. Hass
. . . head of the department of chemistry, has been elected coun-selor-at-large of the American Chemical Society to fill the unex-
made with Dr. Fred J. Allen, of die pii'ed term of Chailes A. Thomas,
Department of Chemistry. who was made diiector-at-large. today and tomorrow
/' / ^ ^
Purdue Exponent All-Americ^ti 1940-'41
QfHces EtM^otiai and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, P4^one 2792 Editorial Phone Alter 10 p m, 5377
Editor in Chief EditM Editor ^ -nf<» Monaeor Irrulation MomiKer ’Coed Editor
John F Amos Don T Broph; John H Armsfrone William D Millard Ken K Gjcmre Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff Asionale Editors
^Editorial Staff E W Bosvs Ulo D L But? W G HoskiliB
A F livnter D W Ochiltiet W t Rafort J^rts Staff D L Brrwti T S Dn son }■ I K rj irl Coed Staff SnlK Beall Chail tic Hass Uan la ir
Business Staff
Coed Business Manager J ilia Martin Advertising Managers J M Wright D E Johnaon Circulalion Manager C H Klouman Accounts Manager Trona Torrenga Junuir toed Managers Ellen Clark Jane EellO*
Staff For This Issue Might Editor Bosw inkle Day Fditor I auer Sports Fditor Kapirk JiiiiK r in t harge Rafert Reporter t Bo winkl
Fnfered as second class matter at the post office in I,afay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March S 1879 and at the special rate of postage pr v ded for in section 1103 act of October 3 191 authorized January 20 1922 Published an Wednesd4> Friday and Sunday niormnt.s during the sum mer semester and daily except Monday during the fall and viinttr semesters Delivered locally Iv carrier for S12> for summer semester mailed subscriptions $I oO
Represented for national advertising I y National Advertiaing Service Inc College Publishers Representatives 420 Madison Ave New Vork N Y
War Commencement
ed)loii<)l which appealed in this column yesteiddV " th itpiinUd tifin the Indiarnpolib Stai ot list Mond i>
Madagascar, Then What?
Brown Bodies But —Red Blood
Ont oi the most iiilclligcnl suggestions motnated by this wai is a pioposal by the Council Against Iiitoleiancc to the Wai depaitrpcnt that a mixed combat duision be iotmed irom men ol any race or creed This may appear to bt a vague, idealistic, mavbc even socialistic idea, but i1 does hayc fignihcance Scgifgation as practictd in the last war is undcmociatic and it adds wood to the Na7i and Japanese piopaganda hies Axis agents utili/e th( iact that thcic arc many different 1 u lal and language gioups in this nation ilKV empJusi/e that Liiitcd btaUs will tall into chaotu and tlisoi gani/ed laeial groups when a stiong powei attacks them lhat Nigioes tight in scpaiatc units only adds CKdenye to then statements A mixed division would completely squelch huch use of our Amei lean t oible ’ This would be a concrete example ol the democratic principles lot which we aie sup paseUly ffghting ffhe plans was suggested by Dr Alonzo Meyers, chairman ol New York (CJontinued on page 4)
4, ^ jinp'' 0, 1 •-* •' w' IfS' Exponent Editorial Page
Wednesday, May 6, 1942
QliemSIMTOH Mipnr-Q0-M)tt|$
GRIhTAN&KARrr ijiX ninjBufiiHiMlAl^yWVipiawiW^v
By llcsBiy
3. PL
By Drew Pearson and Robert' S. Alien
Headlines m the pipers last night proclaimed that Pieiie I^aval, Vichy French collaboitoi, has rejected American demands This 1 ejection and the note which was rejexjted loim an inleiesting commentary on the stiffening ot Arncncan attitude toward Fi ance This note contained the amazing statement by the Ameiicans that resistance to the British who were occupying the French island of Madagascai would be consideied an act of wai against the United States This is even more amazing when we icmember the tremendous apjjeascment effort made by this country just piioi to the aimointment of Laval The icply of the French was as amazing as the note It “raised the most energetic protest against the aggression ” This was no stioiigei a protest than they made when the Americans landed on Free French New Caledona at the mv itation of DeGaulle, Free French commander The occupation by the British is one of the few things that has been truly timely in the entire British vvai effoit This past week was Japan week in Vichy The Japanese ambassadois to both Italy and Germany have confer led with Laval there and it IS reasonable to suppose that turnover of Madagascar to the Japanese was one of the main subjects of discussion The last time similar confeiences weie held Indo China was given to the Japs The base at Diego Suarez on Madagascai IS one of the greatest naval bases m the Indian ocean and stiategically veiy important to the Biitish Its occupation by Jap troops would luithei close the entrance to the Indian ocean to the United Nations So this foresight of the Biitish is startling This mav be an isolated occasion in which the British hand was forced b^ advance knowledge of potential Japanese action It may however indicate a definite rupture m thf Vichy nfutiality policy and may protend seizuies by the United Nations ot French owned islands and settlements throughout the world
War Strat'egy Affects Roosevelt's Labor Stand; Dearth Of Supplies, Credit May Close Small Shops WASHINGTON May 6—Heie is one inside lea son wliy Roosevelt leans towaid laboi Basically the Piesident always has been pro laboi and continues to bt ev en thoufib he has become fed up with some laboi activities in the past yeai But in addition U S wai stiategists aie convinced that the chief hope of leiolution m Epiope pomes fiom laboi And most of the phycholo^ical wai fait stiatej^y being devised heie is aimed at influencing laboi m Geimany, Czechoslovxl la Austria and the occupied countiies Although not geneially known the nucleus of the old Social Demociatic Paity which tned to cieate a leal Republic in Gei manj is still intact When Hitlei came into powei they moved to C/echslovakia Aitei the Sudetenland seizuie they moved to Pans After the downfall ot Pans they moved to the USA Fifty Social Democi its fiom the old Reiehst ig aie now in this countiy coopelating with U S offieials ruithoimoie it is laboi m the Euiopcan oecupied countnes which is able to assemble oi make i idios Gciman laboi listens to the radio fai moie than othei classes Some laboi gioups even have published veiy small undeigiound newspapei s on hand pi esses ind those ai e disti ibuted by hand Gel man liboi lesents the long houis m munitions i letonos the sm ill pay and the lack ot food mon than any othei gioiip Also laboi is about the only gi oup which was not tal en ovei completely by Ilitlei The C ommumsts his chief opponents now h ivc long been undergiound hut seeietly actue To Liiiopean laboi Roosevelt alwiy has Itcn one ol the woilds ^leatest leadeis And one thi light in Ihg minds of wai sfiates,isfb is fo show Euioiie that the lights of label heie will not be Ihiown eompletolv oveihoaid duim„ " u • Capital Chaff Ileie IS how hiltei Piomni I aval is low i 1 flu Piiiish When he called on U S Amhassadoi 11 ihx 1 i cxpiess his condolences on Mis I e itix> s death he Slid Yoiit pool wife via uiofhei iinfoi tiin iti vie lim oJ the Biitish embaij o When U b distiiel ittoinevs held then ie„ulai meeiing m Wxshin„Lon I eeently they paid tiilute to Wendell Beige is the most efficient issist int ittointy „eneial to head the eiiminal division in miny xeais Tesse Jones his oiK. ot the best juihlieity men m \\ ishington on his stiff—Noimin B ixlei foimii managing iditoi ol the Washington Post and publicity man foi the Wins ley Disfilleis Institute Baxtei subseiihes to all the clipping agencies lomhaids editois with letteis signed by Jesse Good explan ition of Youi Aimy md how the chaff woiks has been wi iftin by f c oi,,e II Jilci of the Biidgepoit Post e Lif-fie Business Casualties Despite all the' goveinment has tiied to do foi little business it looks is it thoisinds ot letiil stoics thioughout the eoimtiv aie heided foi liquid ition oi bankiuptey in the next few mentis Un ible to get cifhei e,oods 01 ciedil they will not he able to opei ate when thei piesent stocks iim out Eoi the time being they hive plenty oi goods They saw the pinch coming ind stoel ed up Invcntoi ics hive nevei been h ,,hei Bat the situation will be difleient next fall In the fiist place theie will he i eductions oi com plete bins on the minutaetiue oi vaiious consnmci ^oods-—lefi igei aloi s woolen undeiweai steel desks bud ciges waieis—you can haiellj name ii aiticle that won t be affected A.nd in the second place theie may be little oi no eicdit iviilable foi the letailei Noimally a letailei has i line ot ci edit with the supply house which w ints to cu ly lavoi with him as an outlet toi its goods But to lay the supplj house is eithei sellin-, diiect to the government thus b^ passing the etule oi else the upph house his o little to sell that ictaileis ue elamoiing loi it thus the letailei who pa\s cash get the ^oods So it look veil mi eh is t one ot the t)a,,ic sym bol ot the w 11 w 11 he thousinds ot Closing Out i„ns paste I aei oss stoi o w inelows i om coast to co ist ® Covering Europe By Bicycle Junius B Wood one ot the nations gieatest foi eign coiiespondents is now with the W ii Deputment wheic he is wilting h ing up pieces not toi the pa pels 1 ut toi the psjeholo,,ieal wailaie division to ip peal to the peoples of oecupied Luiope Aiound the Wai Dejiiitment Wool is Jamo ts toi the tele gi am he once sent to his ex 1 oss I i ml Ivi ox now Seeietaiy ot the N ivy then publi hei e t tl e t hi eigo Daily New Knox hid mstiueteel him to eovei Ru sia liom f iga e q il 1 ol I iLv i i to vvhieli Wee 1
1 e plied
Will eovci Russia tiom Rig i it veu will jiillish ihe ( hiea^o Dail\ New tiom Winctl i 111 Ktiox tinallj told him he could lemiin iii Moscow I it uldeel to his issignmciit liiilcy ind Ihe Bailie II itions Wood wiled li lel OK il you will send me i hieyele Merry-Go-Round
Editor’s note: The Plague today presents the 1924 editor’s ideas concerning “OscaFs” conduct at Purdue
WEDNESDAY
Stop being silly and eat your dinner, Willis'—that radish you got out ot your r ictory garden couldn’t possibly make vou a whole meal' ’
COLLEGE VERSUS THE GASHOUSE We lemembei /he old stoi y about the faim lid whp earned his pot call opund the hain lot evtiy day As it giew the kids muscles dc vcloped with the load and in latei yeais it was no uncommon sight to sec him stiuttmg about with a full giown cow on his shoiildcis This file side talc may be moie 01 less oxaggeiated but it nobly il lustrates om point—that n itul e s valued r,ifts ue shipped only down the canal ol slow p^isi tent detci mined ti lining Highei Education And so it lb with that mythic il attubute c filed highei education You can t ^et moie eidei out of the mill than you put apples into it Blit now we must decide whcthei little Oscai just ont of high school should continue his education at col lege 01 whethci it would be inoic pi off table loi him to buy i pan ot oveialls ind st g t m at the g is houbc It IS the continuous biltle between pi actieal cxpei lence and lughci ment fi tinning BeCoio we can justly mike this
9 55 10 10 10 15 10 30 10 15 10 56 11 00 11 50 11 56 12 00 12 15 12 56 1 00 1 45 1 55 2 00 2 15
30
all impoitant decision, we must
University Calendar Wednesday, May 6
00
A M
(las IS 1 i g n
00
A M
Sug a P itioiiiiig Bo ad
Noith Pfihoom Union
00
A M
—hul P illi 1 Sluntlioi n
E eeilei® A so Silt
Livi stock III Iging
Pavilion
Thursday, May
7
00
A M
Sue 1 h ill 1 ing Bo a 1
NnthBilhoom Union
00
A M
111 st Aid
Room 304 Union
00
P M
Seieen Review
Hall of Music
0
PM
( ivil All Pill(1
Room 3"’0 Union
0
1 M
Silk h Si Si w ( idu ill
Dmu s
Room 203 Union
0
p vr
( hiisLim Sludeiit tellowship
Room J07 Union
Dr. Martin Attends Inauguration At Kentucky U.
Stempel Will Lecture To Journalism Class
Di J lliline Matin h u! ot thi Unviisiti 1 oulti V dcpai tmenl left Tuesdii loi the Univeisiti ot Iven tuekj it I cxin,,ton to icpic=(nt tl e Univoisitv it ihe in insulation ot Piebi 1 nt Ileimaii Ice Doncvin it the neishloiins institution Di Miitn fo me ly on the Unums ly ot Keitielv stiff tool the place ol Picsulei t L C rihott who w is called to W ishin ten i^, i n this w eel
Applied Design Dept. Opens Rental Library
Plot John Stempel held of the School ot Jouinahsm ot Indiana Umveisitj will piesent the fust oi a SCI Us ot leetiuos to bo given be foie the piotessionil jouinahsm el iss Eiidiy morning it 8 o clock n loom 212 ot Umvei&ity Hall buljcci ot the fii t till will be li ide Pa pel s Th elas which is taught by Pi ol J H Melfee ot the English del utmei t i a new eouise this se mestei and is open to juniois ind seniois in jouinahsm Eiulaj s meeting is open to the public and anyone mteiested is uiged to ludition the fiist lectuic ind &i,„n up ioi the eouise
take out the insti uments aid put little Ose a undei the mieioscoiie Dseir s Composition Is he comiiosed ol 111 fi ill tiled deteimmation to build up his men tal powei s IS he I ound to Ic an the ait ot thinking eleailj md how to diaw the neeessaiy logic fi eonclu sums does he see ihead ot him sue (CSS outlined thiongh the gates ol industiy knowledge chaiietci ml ulial ilitj md IS he set on til m^ advmtage ol the golden oppiitun ity of youth > Il he IS made ol thesd mgiedi ent^ ncithei lack ot timds paunts Ol the idviee ot the ex 08 in m e m 1 eep him Jiom gleming Jioni the Univeisity those golden luiigits which ae oj en to us ill S(i light N iriovv Is Best On the othci hind if Oscai i chuck lull ol piospectivc eoll(-,e pianls fi he yeains to sliel I icl his h ui in 1 show the i< c Is the 1 it est steps tiom Oshl osh fi he Ion s to unloosen the ipion stiings i that he can t fi e up i eouise ol heei and ei as then t is 1 u bettci th it a gea wheel be tied ibouf his necl and he he mmcdi itcly c 1st into the wlvs an 1 whoietoics oJ jii le tieal tiaining Attei ill college nothin^ 1 ut the old .,ame ol PUT AND TAKl md the only ehmge iii the lules is that vou VC got to Put betoic you can do any TAKING Success chaws hei sLmda Is on
2
2 55 " 00 0 iq . 30 , 55 4 00 4 ->0 4 15 1 50 I 55 5 00 5 0 5 15 5 55 ( 00 ( !0 ( 45 7 OO 7 55 8 ffO 8 15 8 0
8 15 8 55 9 00 ) ''5 10 0 )
News The Cm 10 Ma,n Music WBAA Picscnts Theatie ot Song News Music Pm due News News Agiicultmal Eoium Meet the B md News Music Maikets News Stoiy a Day You Cant Do Business with Ilitlei Mis C W Ilemmei—pianist News Music Juno Lllei—pianist Ol f an Moods News Te 1 Time limes Joanne Lloyd— pi mist 3 hed C m lo Man Music News lust Relax Vespeis 1 ittle Miss Muffitt News Dmnet Horn Spoils ReVHW News Round Up Sy m|)hony II ill News Wh ts Alt to Ml ' kuth P ilston—singe I I I om the Pit s Bex with S ew WoUe 1 vt iilide I ( hoes News Miisu ina Ni ws Off the A I
the sane t iblet Lite is not going lo ply you one cent moie than you aie vvoith no matte i how ninth you squiim and alibi Yet how gladly she opens hei pmse stiings toi those who have tiamcd themselves ly haid woik md methodical ap jihealion whethei it has been done consistently it college oi on the dmm„ loenn Lihle iftei vvoiking horns
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schultz Bfdg 4th and Mam St Lafayette
MARS
- - -
am * ^
— LAST TIMES TODAY
Pine lepioduct ons of paintii-,s by modem aitists no aviilible to all students and t leulty thioiuh the pictuie iti til hbi uy spon oied by the applied de mn deputment Theie aio ibout 20 p cti (s in this collection and the leutil tee is e nc doll 11 a semi sLei Soveial ol the puntings i e ly the modem I leneh a lists ( e/ a ne Monet and Mmet seme iie 1 y V m Gogh celel 1 ited D tleh a list md sevei fi aie ly Amei cans A.11 ii i Em ope m pi oduclions whieli ue no longei (btaiii ible This lentil liliay which is k cated in liilcliiig N > 2 new en teimg its thud jc u It h s | i vi 1 to he quite i popu! u fe iliic ol Liu ipplied design deputment ai 1 „en (1 illy about 15 pietmis ai i nti d each semestei
storr ng John Payne Maureen 0 Haro Rondolpb Scott I
NOW SHOWING -Z FIRST RUN HITS-
A Romance of the RAF
‘One of Hollywood's Best!*
HEOfiY MARTIN and MsORCH HAKES A NEW KINO OF HITH
RKO RA0IOftct^^-2^ \MHCaiOa GEOfmIrpHY- ANNE sH^. witli William Btmn»lllclnrj Baittyl^iwa • iiiaii NM'IH
A Geimm ho deist i eeently waned (iimms to lewaie ol gioiising ig anst the ^.oveminent as see let imelophoiies weie instilled in tiams md othei publu places lop ive that tins was no lest a iicoid vva lioaleast ot cotivi isaiiotis ovciheaid in i sub w ly mini i the itei li I I j 1 he le ee nt Post Office I 111 on his maga/iiu is not kiejiing William Dudley PelUy bilvei SI lit kilei i ndci in lietnunt en se dition (liaiges lioin iisiip the mills to spiead his pio N 171 pioppandi Seeietiiy of Wai Stimson IS held in the wannest j eisonil esteem by Aimy com niuideis Haidwoikmg md open minded he nevei imddles in militaiy opei alums and backs up his sub oidiiiites 100 pel cent Stimson is ilvvqys it his desl 1 V 8 i in and i aely leaves until evening when he ilway-i tikes home with him i big liundle ol pipeis that he woiks ovt i attei diiinei I’liud possession ol 1 dvvaid I MeCa idy al le haul woiking loiinei Assistant Seeietaiy oi 1 ihoi IS a government eheel toi U his p ly toi one yeai s woik as lahoi advisei lo Seeietaiy ot M a Stimson MeGiady iiamed the cheek and his it hmgin,, on the wall ol his office Addiessing the Cleveland City Club ledeial Distiiet Judge Robeit Wilkin a mil itaiit libel il declaied the open se ison toi mdus tl lal stiile IS ovei Ihefoieesot demoeiaey must t ike steps to 1)1 event extoition and exjiloitation oJ oi by
eithci laboi oi business
(( ojjynght 19J2 by United 1 catui e Sy lid e lie Inc)
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT
The King of Monsters in New Terrifying Adventures
snBiiiiCIE wiBU (iaMKuWiilniH loncIaney
USED and NEW Books and Supplies for ALL Courses Trade in your old books and drawing sets nowl UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
Aoidhb liom lliF lliiioii Building M. r. “Rt'd” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “no<” I ’/|()
y H#1.4
t ^ * ✓ ■» ' u > ?^ ,_ ».1r .J ^5 A’ ^'^&''^''f ’ ' . * * -> ./,.?■'' I '^‘ ^‘’ ,5 •'''*”' ^ '^. .ui. ^ i '*'^''.'^"'.’^‘t' '^iji^ ^f^’^*','-^^
6, t9^ i , " '* > ’'^ if'-A' 'j,'^ 'i»• '1
Soiie^mmt ^rf«
Trackmen Face Hlmolt <;■„',i , ’. -i. * 4 I %’$ *’''■' ' ^ * There In Dnql Meet In the last dual uneet of the track season, the Riveters will compete against the Illini at Champaign, next Saturday afteifnooiji at 2 p. m. This will mark the second time that the Roilermakers have competed against Illinois this year. It was a little over two weeks ago that the Illini beat out the Riveters by some twenty points to win
the Illinois quadrangular
meet.
According to Coach Herra Phillip.s, if the Gold and Black is given f),fty points it might stand a chance to beat the Illini. The leason that Coach Phillips is so pessimistic is that the R^vetei’ squad has been riddled by graduation and by fel« lows not leturning for the summer semester. Over half of the track team will not be present for the copiing meot with Illinois. Nine Stars Leave School Among those missing fiom the Boilermaker lineup are Captain Burt Anthony, Bob Kime, Chaihe Duesler, Woody Appleton, Ray McLaughliri, Loyd McEachein, Art Eilward, Jqhn Conant, and possibly Gene Kron. Kime, McEachern, and Appleton have joined the aimed forces, while the others are woi Icing where they will pi obably not be a.ble to get away for the meet. The loss of Kion, Conant, etc., is indeed unfortunate, according to Coach Phillips, as these men are Hie singular hopes of the Riveter t^ack team. Edward last week set a new pole vault lecord foi the Riveters when he leaped Ih feet, 3Vt' inches in the quadrangulai meet held heie last Satuiday. Kion is consideicd one <d‘ Uhe three best hurdlcis HI Boileimaker liistmy. Two Milers Needed .McLaughlin and Appleton are practically the only two mileis on the squad who ai (TcTapable of gathering points. Conant is one of the best developed huidleis in lecont history accoiding to his coach. The only high jumper that the Boilermakers had was McEachein. Another factor that hurts the Riveteis’ chances is that the Ireshmen are not eligible till next fall foi vaisity competition. Besides being hampeied by the
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS IlniverKity Book Store Across From Union d** Samroona *29 “Doc** Epple *40
Beta Theta Pi Wins Annual Fraternity Participation Award Beta Theta Pi fraternity annexed a total of 27 points in Sigma Delta Psi athletic honorary participation to gain a gi'and total of 687 fraternity athletic points, winning the 1941-42 participation 'trophy. Sigma Chis Second The Sigma Chi athletes were second in the race with 672 points, having received 26 Sigma Delta Psi points. Third were the Phi Delts with 646 points, falling short of 671 points by failuic to enter fall golf participation. Sigma Alpha Mu gained fourth place with 630 points and Acacia fraternity, placing one man in the local Sigma Della Psi chapter, was fitth with 627 points. Pi Kappa Phi, garnering 626 points, and the S.A.E.s, with 623 6 points, wore the other oiganized teams close to. the
top.
above factoi s, the Rivctei s will piesent themselves befoie one of the bcttoi tiack teams in tlie conference. One of the outstanding men on the Illini team is Don Olsen. Olson IS last year’s woild champion in-the 60 yd. low hurdles and he iLins this event this yeai in :23.3. He also competes in the high hurdles and the 100 yaltd dash. He is the fastest man in the conference. Tlie best quarter miler in the conieience besides a Wolverine man, is also fiom Illinois. lie is Bob Rehbcig. This man is almost as good as the Michigan stai, according to Coach Phillips Bob Kelley, another Illinois 440 man, is almost as good as Rehboig, as if Rohbeig was not enough. The Illini are also stiong in the Held events, liuidles, and spiints. All of the Illinois high jump men leap over .six feet, and theio are three of them. Their weakest event IS the mile run.
Baseball The .star studded Great Lakes Naval baseball squad, which will meet the Riveters on the Middies’ field the 16th qnd here on tjie 27th of this month, are taking on all comers noiy qnd with a little more practice should rank among the top diamond outfits in the nation. At the beginning of the season, 'Mickey Cochrane, hard driving Sailor coach, scheduled only college ball clubs, but from now on the Naval boys will tackle several major and minor league outfits in addition to many outstanding semi-pro teams. • pQor Pitching Great Lakes opened the campaign with a ^ decisive win over Indiana, 13 to 1, but since then have lost to Ohio University and No.tre Dame in collegiate competition. Both of these defeats, however, can be tiaced directly to poor pitching—sqemingly the only weak spot on the club. At the present time Don Dunker, last yeai’s leading Big Ten hurlgr from Indiana, is takiflg care of the mound duties, but the long Hoosier needs a httle more wbrk to cope favorably with! the experienced Middle opponents. • Maybe Feller Cochran^ has been dickering with Navy officials in an effort to get Bob Feller from the training station at Noifolk where the former Cleveland fiie-baller is stationed. With Feller tos.smg them in, the Middies as a ball club would bo ncaily invincible. • Cubs Beat 'Em In their first crack at big league competition last Monday, Cochrane’s athletes lost to the Chicago Cubs in a game which was not completely decided until the major league pushed across two tallies in the ninth. • AssociaHon Clubs On List Following the game with thir Boilermakers here on the 27th, which, incidentally, will wind up the season’s schedule for the Fehringmen, the Sailors will stop off at Indianapolis for a game with Gabby Haitnett’s haul hitting American Association club on the 28th. Toledo and Louisv'llc will also be on the Middies’ schedule. These contests should give Riveter diamond fans a compaiison of brand of ball played by college clubs against that played by the salaiied men. • Iowa Plenty Tough While glacirig over the Big Ten baseball results over a period of the last five years wo found that dining that period the Iowa club has won 39 games while losing only 13. That’s real bhseball in anybody’s league. This year’s outfit, which has taken seven out of eight contests, ranks second in the conference after Raving annexed the lasi five games. • Best Hurlers In Bag Ten The Hawkeye huilers have probably the host average as fai as giving up hits is concerned in the Big Ten—even hotter than the tiio of Illini moundsmen. Bob Far her is ci edited with a 1-hitter at Chicago and a 4-hittcr over'Minnesota. Dick Hein held the Maroons to two hits and has a 3-hitter over Northwestein to his credit. • Here And There Opponents of the Michigan State diamond squad are having double trouble this piing since the Davis twins—Wilfoid and Wyman—have turned in their iootball cleats for a pair of spikes. Both boys saw plenty of action on the gridiron last fall and so far this campaign have done all light at their second base and left field positions respectively. Les Farmer, the Big Ten’s best in the 100 and 220 yaid da.shes and the bioad jump, lost his first intercollegiate lace in the century to !l?elly of Minnesota here last Satuiday. Tom Chapman, highest scorer in Iowa basketball history and all-coiilei_cnce forward last season, i.s number one golfer on the Hawkeye squad. In hi.s first time out this year he shot a 74. I
Butler Mine Beats Riveters In Low HitLin^ Contest 3’Cf CourtmenSee Sfciitort, Has
ActionAtHame ^
This Week-End
A handful of chilled fans Watched the Butler nine the Boilermalcers for the second time this season asMiller, the visitors’ hurler, handcufled the Fehiingmen^amd emerged on the long end of a 3-0'count. Walter Leifheife Riveter moundsman, pitched a good game- as he altotred ^e
Minus the Riveter captain, Ray Lucht, Coach Larry LaBree’s ten-
nis team is faced with two matches Indianapolis aggregation only one earned run.
this weekend against Michigan State and Western State Teachers. The Boilevmaker.s meet the Michigan squad here Friday afternoon and the Teachers Saturday. Lucht, the number one man on th'e squad until last week, was the only regular- racqueteer to graduate.
Each Man Moved Up
Coach LaBree will probably move each man up one spot this weekend,
to fill in the gap made by Lucht’s Yo’unB," sbhb. absence. Gus Armstrong will move rr. into the number one spot and Dick smith, c.
Stettner, Ed Wells, and Walter Duel-
zinski will follow in behind in that Cook, cf.
order. Only four men will make up " the playing squad instead of the usual five. In place of the former double.s combination of Lucht and Wqlls, Coach LaBiee plans to use
BUTLER Hardy, sb
Guennel. 3b. Broderick, 2b.
Butler, cf
Murray, lb. Williams, If.
Dodds, rf
Hunckler, c.
Miller, p.
PURDUE BuiRhai dt. Friend, It.
H PO 3 2
♦Walton
0 0 II a 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 1
U 3 9 27 AB R H PO 4 0 0 1 4 0 11 1 0 1 12 . 4 0 2 0
30 0 r> 27 17
3
nth.
Leifheit, McForyen,
♦Batted for Berto in Errors: Burj^hardt,
Doddb. Double plays: Hardy to Broderick to Muiray; Broderick to Hardy to Murray;
04 4.4.... Guennel to Murray; Eawles to McFerren to AllYlstron^ and Stettner as one Younji:, Burirhaidt to McFerren to Younjr. couple and Wells and Dud?inski as gtiuck out By Leifh^it, 3: by Miller, 4. ^ ^ Basob on balls: Otf Leifheit, 3, on Miller, 4 the other. Wild pitch; LcIfheit. Winninp: pitcher: Mil-
Losing pitcher: Leitheit. Umpires: Wil-
So tar this sea'ion the Boilermak- lis and Dienhault. Time of game 2 :0G. ors have suffered only two losses. ■
The Big Ten title defenders from Michigan handed them their first defeat. It was in this meet that Lucht lost his only match of the season to the superior Wolverine captain. The Riveter five was taken down the second time by a tough
Illinois combination.
Beat Wildcats, Hawkeyes
In their engagements with Northwestern and Iowa at Evanston and Iowa City last weekend, the LaBree squad added twp more wins to their
record making it 6 wins and 2 losses baseball
in 8 matches.
-Wells and Stettner, two reasons for several of the Boilermakei victoiies, have lost only two of their matches thus far. Both fell in the Michigan and Illinois contests. Wells is now a sophomore and will probably be of gieat service to LaBiee m the next few seasons to
Southworth’s
ASME
. . . announces the election of the following officers for the spring and fall term of 1942: Samuel R. Lloyd, chaiunan; R. H. Klega, secietarytieasuici; D. A. Utley, R. E. Kinney, W. T. James and G. F. Cailson, vice chaiiman.
After the matches this weekend, the Boilermakers will have only three more contests facing them. On May 12 they meet I.U. at Bloomington and on the 14-16th they travel to the Big Ten meet at Columbus, Ohio. The Riveters will finish the season at Eailham on the 21-23rd in a state meet. Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Tliat Laaiicheti A I^lilliou €ouvernations!
IT PROVES THAT "STREAMLINE" IS MORE THAN A WORD. ISN'T THAT STERLING SILVER CAP A REGAL TOUCH?
IT'S A STROKE OF GENIUS! STARTS IN A SPLITSECOND—DRIES AS you WRITEI
SAVE on NEW and USED TEXTBOOKS
at
PLRMBCCK&SUPRY STORE
300-10 STATE- STREET WEST LAFAYETTE IND
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
I HEAR THE POINT IS A TUBE OF 14 KARAT GOLD. ALTHOUGH YOU CAN'T SEE IT AND CAN'T TOUCH IT. SO, you 'CAN'T STAIN YOUR FINGERSI
iiM
Southworth’s
$ia.50 AND $15 ad UAfUie Watch thin luiraole''perforiit >vilU your own < yes, in your own liaiid, at: DWS, Inc. 518-20 Main Phone 5036
Very few balls were bit out of the infield except tbose-tbfit went for safe bits. Four outs were made by the gai’deners, and only two ,1^ the Butler outer defense. Most df the balls were,grounders wef^ egsily handled by the Five double plays were turn)(Ml,i]t during the contest, three hy and two by the Boilermakers., of the double plays by the visitfQis in the last half of the fifth iimmip was particularly effective in catting off a promising Boilermaker
rally.
Unearned Tallies
The first pair of Butler runs were scored in the first half of the third inning, and both were of the unearned variety. Harold Miller, the Butler hurler, started things off with a single to left center. He went to second when Hardy singled. The bases were loaded when BiU Barg? hardt booted Broderick’s grounder after two men were out. Butlpr then banged one off Leifheit’s glove, and Walter threw wildly in an effort to catch the runner going to first. The official scorer ruled that Butler had beaten the throw so he was given credit for a hit and went to second on the pitcher’s error. T\yo men scored on this play for the pair iff Butler tallies in this frame. Miller scored the last Butler talfy also. He singled to left center to open the fifth inning, stole second, went to third after the catph ^ Hardy’s long fly ball to center, scored when Walter Leifheit made, a wild pitch. Guennel singled to left on the next pitch, so the wild pitch was not essential to promoting Miller over the plate.
Hitting Pitcher
Conti ary to the old adage that “pitchers can’t hit,” Harold Miller, the Butler moundsman, had a perfect day at the plate with three hits and a walk in four trips tp the plate. He scored two of the visitors’ three runs. Hardy, the Butler shoi^tstop, had three hits in five tries tp take runner-up honors for the invaders. In addition he turned ip some fine fielding plays to cut,^off. possible Riveter base hits. , Bob Riley, batting in the cleanup spot, took down hitting honors for the Boilei makers. Bob Was thp only Riveter with more than one hit to his credit. His average fOT' the day was a neat .500 with two
hits in four tries.
“Stretch” Hoffman, erstwhile has- Chuck Rawles, playing third base ketball player. Ed is a long dis- Pehring forces, turned i|k tance hitter with several home runs gj^g j-j^g pj-j^g fielding plays pf
the afternoon when he cut in of the shortstop on Hunckler’s hard grounder and started a fast double play, Rawles to McFetren to Young. The second double play by the Riveters came in the seveptb inning when Bill Burghaidt snSig-, ged Giiennel’s hard smash and tossed to McFerren to force Hai'dy. McFerren threw to Young to com-
plete the twin killing.
Tony Berto took over the first base spot in the eighth and was iu the fray long enough to make a nice diving catch of Hunckler's low.
liner.
Diamondmen Face
Hoosiers There. Friday, Saturday
With a record of only 2 games won against 4 losses in Big Ten competition this spring, the Riveter
squad will journey to
Bloomington this Friday where they will meet the Hoosiers in a two game series starting that afternoon and ending. Saturday. In all probability, the two sophomore hurlers, Ed Messlehorn and Paul Petrich, will be on the mound for the Boilermakers in these two im-
portant contests. Have .500 Average
The Indiana squad this year has been hot and cold in compiling an average of .500 in Conference games. They lost to the Great Lakes squad two weeks ago 13 to 1 with their former teammate, Don Dunker setting them down with just 4
hits.
Probably the most outstanding playei on the Hoosier squad is Bob White, next year’s football captain and fullback, who plays in the outfield. The big fellow’s hitting "has already attracted several major
league scouts.
Another Indiana ace is Ed
to his credit. He is leading the Hoo-
siers in runs batted in.
“New di'ess, Mary?” That is what you’ll hear after you’ve had last year’s spring dress cleaned hy our expert workmen. You keep them smart with dry cleaning. That’s good economy today when we are all buying fewer new
clothes.
RULE 1: Keep Clothes Immaculate
Norllmeslern at Vine
Phone 4081
Mew under-arm Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiration
1 Does not lot dresses or men’s shuts. Does nor irtiCite skm. 2. No wsinnj: to div. Can be used right after shaving 3 Inscjntly stops perspiration for I to > days Removes odor from perspiration. 4 A pure, white, greaseless, sioinlesA \ jnisliing tream. 5. Arrid lus been awarded the -lipproval Seal of the American Inst» • tiiLe of Laundering for beUkk harmjess tg fabrics. Arrid is the LARGEST SEUlt^^ ' DEODORANT. Try a jew ARRID 3Jf'“UPPilHM
‘ * * t > h'l''"''! .1- * ' ' ''' '‘'' ' I i'*'' i' 1 ’ ' " ' '* . ■ ' .^ \ • \ ' - 'iPufUue Exponent WeSnS^dy, May s, 19^
i>f!
KH" tt*
w
Freshmen, Meet Doc Miller, Guardian Of Students" Health
Brown Bodies
By Jake Wendell Now that you have been at the University for a few days and have taken your first physical exam at the Student Health Seivicc, you should be acquainted with the one and only “Doc” Miller. Doc, w’ho by this time you probably know, is a
Schricker Thanks Volunteer Registrars
great guy, regaidless of his nickname—‘ the bloody butclici ol Purdue.” ^ Doc Has E\er>thinff ^ Do(’s ollice has long lieon l^nowii as the I'lace wlieie those excuses foi a stomach'' ache, head aches (be tt( I know II a|- common class eiitting) aie liandecl out like watei out of a hose. Besides all this, it’s also a good place to go to hcai tall talcs about the pill loilois. Doc’s ])iow’ess as the gieatest Jisheiiiian alive, Doe’s philosophy oi lile, and oh yes —how gieat a doctoi he leally is But in leality. if you cyei get sick, don't foiget that the student health service is the place to go beI'ore the hospital calls Besides the f'oui fine doctoi s, Rose, Millei, Schmiedicke, and Colo, the Health .Sc I vice has on hand stocks of iiiedicme that aie fieo to all students and you can also get such necessities as ban tonic, shaving lotion, etc., which aie made hv the students
Yesterday Governor Heniy F. Schi icker expressed his appreciation of the effoits of thousands of volunteer registiars w'ho helped conduct the Fourth Selective Service Registratioiiin Indiana on Apnl 27. Declaiiiig that he was proud to become a registi ant himself and formally join more than one mjllion men who have already registered in the state, the Goveinoi stated, “Many of the men and women who seivccl as legistiars, or otherwise assisted m this registration, have w'oi keel without compensation through all of the previous Selective 1 ogistiations in Indiana. The individuals and oi ganizations who served on those occasions have perfoimed a loal seivice to their state.” Goveinois of the vaiious states are official heads of selective seivice agencies within their states.
(Continued from page 2) University school of higher education and infantry captain in World War I. In presenting the proposal, Meyei’s said: "I believe that a man who is good enough to fight for my country is good enough to fight alongside me.” Running through American martial history is the thread of Negro bravery. They have fought in the Revoluntionary, Civil,_ SpanishAmerican and Fir.st Woilcl war. The fir.st Americans to be decorated with the Croix de Guei re in 1918 were two Negro piivates of the three hundred and sixty-ninth infantiy. Democracy is just a mockery as long as one man is not considered the equal of another. This of all w'ars, in this country of all the world, we should not be taken in by Ihe racial hatred which swept across Europe. The council’s idea is wrong, there should not just be one division. But eveiy unit of the aimy should have a rcpiescntative of each racial, language oi religious group in the nation. We in America are more than willing to allow the Negio to fight for us, why shouldn’t we be willing to fight beside him.—Univeisity of Washington Daily.
Personnel Notes
Indiana Breeders Win High Honors At Polled Shorthorn Show Here
over 111 the Pharmacy building. Also included in the many services olfered by the Health Seivico aie eye examt; and sun lamp treatments uiulei the diiection of Fied Willis, laboiatory teclimtian. Di. Millei, who has been oij the slair 111 the health seivice foi IG veais, has lieen diiectoi of the seivice since the death of Dr. Carey in 1!)'!.') Befoie coming to the Univcisity in 192G he lan a piivate jiiactice in Indianapolis and has a leputation of being one of the best bone and muscle specialists in the (ounti y.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
'Wc have a com* .pletefdisplay of Hallmark Mother’s Day cards. Not only do we have cards forj.Mother, but there are special numbers for Aunt, Wife. Grandmother and.many others.
DECKIR’S, Inc. 518-20 Main Phone 50.3G
PAUL'S PLACE BEEF STEAK — BEEF-BARB-Q HOME MADE CHILI PORK TENDERLOIN FURNAS ICE CREAM Phone 2645 216 W. Columbia St. We Deliver
Southworth’s
BARGAINS
IN
USED BOOKS
OR NEW IF YOU PREFER
+ + +
STUDENT SUPPLIES
COMPLETE EQUIPMENT FOR APPUED ARTS • ENGINEERING
/ • HOME ECONOMICS
• BIOLOGY
our OLD BOOKS are
at Southworth's where
a.s good as CASH, . . .
you'll find better facili-
Bring them along.
ties for trading.
Fleetwings, Inc., Bristol, Pa. — Wants August and December Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineers. Also, men for summer work. Date of visit: Wednesday, May 13. Sign in Personnel Office by 4 p.m. Tuesday, May 12. Owens Illinois Glass Company, Muncie, Indiana. August and December Mechanical Engineers. Date of visit: Thursday, May 7. Sign in Peisonnel Office by 4 p.m. Wednesday, May 6. Curtis-Wrighi Corporation, New York, N. Y. Juniors for summer work. Sign in Personnel Office immediately. Illinois Tool & Research Engineers, Chicago, 111. M.E. Sign in Peisonnel Office by Tuesday, May 11.
tinkling oinaments about their feet' and their cauls and their loiind liics like the moon.” Another veise pi edicts the conservation of clothing: “Changeable suits of clothing shall bo taken away from the peoplo.”
Indiana breeders convened today at the University today took a large share of the honors with their livestock exhibited in the second annual National Polled Shorthorn Congress Show and Sale, which will continue through tomorrow. Seventy-one registered “blue bloods,” including 26 bulls and 46 females, from 29 consigners in seven states competed for the honors and they are scheduled to be sold tomorrow at auction. Winners Named Judge J. B. McCorkle of Ohio State University selected the following winners: Giand champion bull: “Collynie Goods Jr,” owned by Lynwood Farms, Carmel, Reserve champion bull: \“Maxwalton Walkaway,” owned by P. G. Ross, Mansfield, O. Grand champion female: “Naomi Clipper,” owned by C. B. Teegardin, and Sons, Ashville, O. Rese^'ve champion female: “Roan Lady Queen,” owned by Carl D. Cross, Rockfoid, 0. This animal had the same sire as the giand champion bull. Among the other first placing females was»oiie owned by H. C. Rose
and Sons, Rossville. The best animal shown by one exhibitor was owned by Teegardin Farms and the second by Lynnwood Farms. State competition of five head was listed as: Ohio, first, Indiana, second; Illinois, third; and Nebraska, fourth. Will Johnson, Aurora, Ilk, editor of the Shorthorn World, was toastmaster at tonight’s annual banquet. Principal speakers were Prof. F. G. King, head of the animal husbandry department of Purdue; Prof. Don ‘Kays, head of the Ohio State University animal husbandry department; and Charles J. Lynn, Indianapolis. The sale, which is expected to attract several hundred breeders from over the country, is scheduled to start at 12 o’clock noon.
iTotioef
Aeroftiodelers t Important meetinff May-18 in room 80. Refreshments will be served to evtiyone. All prospective members .Welcome. Come one come all (7:30).
All Social Chairmen: Please submitttenuests for dances or social futietions tov this semestei to me in the Union office^/or at the West Desk. Requests rtiust De in by Friday noon. Please cooperate. ^
Coed Defense Code Class: Certificates lire available'in instructors
Ex Skull and Crescents: Paddles are in. Get them at the Si(?ma Chi House.
-MENKE
Gimlets: Men initiated last their keys from me. —FRASER
Classified Ads
SC A House Presidents: Important’m^^etjnj4 Thtnsdny, May 7, at 7:30 p. m. in the SCA loom Veiy riertincnt matter will be theie, Ol send your vice president in your —MOGAVERO
Zouaves: Practice drill We<lne8day» 4 Squad for Indianapolis drill May 20 will be chosen. All membcis aie n t ten d, —J ACKSON
Typewriters—‘Addrng Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. Ebershoff, G05 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Double room for men, noai campus and village Twin beds Phone 5101)2,
Flying Club: First meeting of tbe club will bo held Wednesday, May 6, in room 212 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Plans will 1)0 discussed foi bummer dance. All memIhis intcicstcd in joining please attend. —CRON
Lost: Rlack aviation walkt, containing pilot’s iieense, identification. Reward CJeoige Shroycr, 2390
Students Interested in Being PE In-* striictors: All those who are interested In being PE 12 instruWt#p3 report to room 105
of the Fieldhousc at < .30 p.
-PlIIL
Lost: Buxton Billfold, blown, contents valuable to owner, libeial lewaid. Hubert, Phone 8141, Sigma Nu
PI Tau Sigma: April initiates—Member* ship cards * now available at Main Office, ME building. —KINNEY
Tiro laiionint* was piedicLod in Bible: “In that day the Loid will take away the hiavory ot* thou
w
We$l0P9f With Camp&Miii Ittter&silrM:''}
Wi iaed Everf C©ffege Man
raining ;':i I ★ To Man tho Mighflesf Air Army m fho World
Male® Your Choice This Week For Present or Future Office!j’ Training
Tibu-r y mrrdf'ir
IB your blood hen's at t’.e \f(j thouglit of an t'O'.l.’vecl v/orJd . . . If Jap treachc'iy a.ul J\k'/i savigrri make you see rtii and it'Ji fur a gu, — calm yourself with tlie }>r<>rni'‘ that ice s/?u//pay tinr/i btuL iiuL com pound inte) e^t! We sh.ill—and you .is a t.diet’i man now have du* o| p utunify serving as a Flying (Jiix*. .i ivu.i hardier, Navig.uor oi Ciloi with that brancli of seroie uhitii s', ill d i that ]).tying li.ick /n die t f. S Army Air Foices! Under the new A.imy Ait Foite Reserve Pl.in—if you .i-e a .S. iimr i., wish to leave s( h<)oI--.ip[/!v non' for your Aviat.un Cadet f-ti'iJiig. You and yout f/i'-i!s c..n shoe together the v.'otk and fu:i of llight traniiiig, an'.i al'cr ajeuovi.'iat'- y 8 months—e.uii the iiglit to be Hv.' g olheexs in the i I, b. A< luy Ait Fuj 11 s! On the other l.,ind, if you ..re a Frtshfiian, f.oplioiuoie* <i Junior - you tap, if yiai iik'-, r y at \t;idj.s ent'cr the i>. I'ci.id ; (vue J’la.i <1 tJie yVi my Air Foues .led litc ome hi ftc r pi tji.i. rd io., (yfat: i s’ I'i aiiinig j..t( r
Jtt'iihF*;- 'ofii omoTf*'. Fr•'sS.yn Coiiliiixc llisii Fdu.ahcm
L, A J a U.
na V pi u-. t!i
llfllult (il
[il<
tK Si.
U J 0 ...plln.
All C 81 ae If va.lu-
2. / II
:,iv Friisf t f
olirg! Pit.I
.IS jp .V (. s ' 1 di- A ( 111 IS' 1401 ^ 1 .u.J S
til '( t* ( rp/ 1 111' ' !' aim d. Vll • oil, P. i.t \il I
oi> e' Ap I ,1
lllf lot 'Hit
Aviation Cadet at $75 a month, with expenses paid. If you have majored in science or engineering you can try for a Cotnitiission in the ground crew—in Armament, (.ommunications, Engi* neenng. Meteorology, Photographyi As a Second Lieutenant on active duty yo.ir pay ranges from $183 to' $2 15 a mouth.
i.l. ,!P
rh|.
k.I Au.lfi
I poll ,
friim Cl il,
01,1
i .Il .-,1 ,,e t'l J, . ,1 (o t- ,,1 ! t
Li ti.umo.,.
I , 1 or * nil (r.iw >1 II w ill il • ,1 ,M xii'-tl
to .'tn' • flu y til a ti Moi ■ 4 as Jiitll .'is Uetu 111 .IV ill.oilt'. 11 ihi iiei essHv of V, .11 (J' ii.inds, iMi litfLiiifl .i.uos II me Ai oy Kfifivt fii ij lie u I miM.Ui tl at any imii by lilt ; -Cl ctaiy ul Vc ar.
Tl
Naw St'-up!hied ririg;
1"
I’o tju .!i''y y 111 niiist ho 18 to (ideiusn e,), ph; sit .I'.i, l.f .ipd a n.'w, sii'ijii'iied'mt! t.d te'.: \vl
college me a 1 -a e.-oy.
W'dion ’iiu ate ready - ami I.mliill'.s .lie le.itlv — you liittin as an
Aiiuy Air Totce Re-
's* vs I'lMu I. j.urt ul c'l ovvr uU Artny t t'lkied kti!ic.MVu Coij>s f;io9iam vhOrWy 1^0 oe? t.ijiiaftccJ This progront will Movidt opparid litu & fot t:oll< ge mifn fo tithsT in JThur Ironche> ot the Ar.n/ on u defer) “d oasib and to contirue ♦ t ir otiur^jffoi througii gi aduatlQo t?
0 cM i KTory litcniiord ot work
ru4 )iju‘ d in evp cf rtcf'Mity t)ie *>i i tyi'-'z of W-ji *hjl( e when
Tilt y <ncry bi ctified to uo^'ive dury,
U 's u>d>rstood tb*jf men so fri\’’?t*‘d v/»ll Itcj/t* 7tu3 oppjriUili,- of coMipoli, g Iff V unties in OiHcjr’s cundiJuttf
s« hooK
T 1*5 plo)i hfjs been 1 ! t tr v4t < or unon ic v o d s crqj tor Ir
s I wL < .!i I i wi’l -it o rt r rt jubiHons nyoidm^ eUv.L»dbii^J F' O. T. C. plans,>
iptevfd ih the tj iukatlon will
ad ‘fship
(Re-
BO% Have Won Commissions Due to thorough training—about font out of c'Of I y five Aviation Cadets this past year received Second Lieu* teiams commissions—of which 67% ate now flying officers. I'he tremendous expansion of the Air Forces should assure rapid ad* v.inteinent in all branches. And after the war— you’ll be ready foT~the evergrowing opportunities in aviation*
Settle Your Service Now
The years ahead are war years—and every college man should make his
plans accordingly.
To m ike America supreme in the air
we nee-d every college man who can ejualdy for active or deferred service^ So take advantage now of this option. You may never again have such
opportunities.
See your Faculty Air Force Advisor for information and help with details^ Join the thousands of America’s college men who are enlisting this week!
NOTF: If you are under 21, you will need your parents’ or guardian’s consent. Birth certificates and three letters of recommendation will be required of all applicants. Obtain the forms and send them home today.
S!.E YOOf! BXMUY m FORCE ADVISOR FOR FULL INFORMATION
/o- in' * ocal “-"Tffmf? and Snduction Station) '■v -’’".e5 U. S. ARMY RECRUrriNG AND INDUCTION STATION: Other Army RecruitiiiR' and Induction Stations are in the foUowinff cities219 P. O. BLDG., LAFAYETTE, INI). INDIANAPOLIS EVANSVILLE FORT WAYNE GARY . . TERRE HAU'rii VINf’ENNpq AV ATION BOARD: other Aviation Cadet Examinintt Boards arc located in the followini* citie«: LAI'AYEl 1 Is, IND. ANGOLA INDIANAPOLIS u THE SIT'XHAL EXAMINING HOARD WILL VISIT PURDUE UNIVERSITY MAY 14
a.