READ EDITORIAL On American Complacency
Etlablished 1889
xp/imsM V ’ Daily Sine* 1906
SDX SRONSORf Good Teacher' Discussions
Voluitie 53, No. 168
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, April 15, 1942
Robertson Talks Oh Far East War
Playshop Presents 'Male Animal'
Senate Holds Elections Today
Panhellenic Council Army Officers Students To Choose
Scabbard And Blade Hears
Reviewer Praises Newest Production
Lecturer At Spring Banquet
Commenting that either China or Siberia is the logical place for an attack on Japan, Dr. C. H. Robertson, world traveler, lecturer, and authority on life in the Orient and Russia spoke before members of Scabbard and Blade, national military honorary, and their guests at the
annual spring initiation banquet last night in the Union. Dr. Robertson keynoted his descriptive talk on “A Glimpse of Ural, Asian, and the Pacific Area” with a hope that “all of you will have a chance to see and take a part in adjusting affairs” in certain Japanese cities. He later added that “you can have a good time, if your are fond of golf, in Manila.” Tells Of Experiences in Russia After discussing the Philippines, Dr. Robertson drew a parallel between Russian and American geography in beginning his discussion of Russia as he knew it. He told of his various experiences in that country during the revolution of 1917 and exhibited a bullet which almost
hit him.
China has been holding off the
SDX To Hold Good Teacher Forum Tomorro w
By John Traugott We trust that no University official drew any embarassing parallels between Purdue I/niversity and James Thurber’s Midwestern University last night because it would certainly have spoiled one of the most enjoyable evenings Playshop has produced this year. We think there is a parallel, but we won’t go into that.
Announces Hew Begin Corps 72 Representatives
Coed Rush Plan Inspection
Sororities Will Rush In Second Semester
Cadet Officers To Hold 'Graduation Review'
Students, Faculty Invited To Attend
Five characteristics of a Good Teacher -will be discussed at a round-table to be sponsored by the local chapter of Sigma Delta Chi tomorrow afternoon in connection with the fraternity’s annual awarding of the Best Teacher Medallion. The meeting will be held in the Tower Room of the Union at 4:15. All students and faculty members are invited to attend the forum
“The Male Animal” is the type of thing Playshop can do well without seeming trite, and the opening night performance of this story of sex, politics, and the “unconfused liberals” of Midwestern U. was something pretty welcome after a long string of not-very-good openingnights. Good Acting Helps “The Male Animal” is strictly Thurber-New Yorker comedy, with a purpose and definitely pointed in a certain direction. The lines of the play need only to be uttered to produce the laughs or the thinking, which ever Thurber and Nugent are driving at at the moment, but good acting helps, and there were some rather smooth jobs tui-ned in last night.
which will be conducted in a strictly
Japanese for four an da half years informal manner by officers of the and is now looking forward to vie- fraternity in discussing the questory after that kind of resistance,” fjon «what Constituj;es a Good
said Dr. Robertson. He compared Teacher?”
China to Europe as to similar size, ^he Best Teacher Medallion differences in language, customs, award was created by members of
Playsohp’s production, “Male Animal,” will be given again tonight and on Friday and Saturday nights.
and culture.
Dx-. Robertson illustiated his informal lectui-e with maps, exhibits, and books of China and Russia. New Initiates Honored Thirty-four new initiates and five new associate members were honored at the banquet. Guests includ-
Sigma Delta Chi in 1938, following a best teacher campaign conducted by the Exponent that year, in addition to the Leather Medal which had Ijeen awarded for 17 years. Discussion will be centered about the attributes of a good teacher, rathei- than campus personalities.
ed Col. J. R. Starkey, Lt. Col. W. H. Recommendations and petitions for Cureton, and Lt. Col. W. B. Wes- the recipient of the Medallion may ton, regular Army officers here to still be turned in at the Exponent
Bai-bara Nord was way out in front of the rest of the cast, and that is not deprecating anybody. We especially liked the way she turned on and off the various emotions with professional ease; she even looked good while fake-crying, which is quite an accomplishment for any female.
conduct the annual Corps Aiea in-
spection.
Col. D^ M. Bocre, PMS, and T, gave a short talk, A. A. Topp acted as toa.Umai5tei, W. L. Sullivan welcomed ithe new membex-s, and Joe T. Youqgblood gave the initiates’ I espouse at the bamiuet.
office or to John Traugott, president of SDX.
Bradfield Wins First In Aloha Zeta Contest
Drawings For New Conyo Designs Due Monday, April 20
Kenneth Biailfield, jumoi in the School of Agricultuie, won first place in the Alpha Zeta speech con-
All students desulng to submit designs in the ciiiierJt contest for a now University convocation cover should hand in their oiiginal diuwings to Boh Paiks, director of the Union Puttei mg Shops, betoie Mon-
day, Apiil 20.
Mis. K. Laik-IIoiowitz, Pi of. Jus-
test held last night in the Union Rising, and Prof. Marion Wilwith his speech entitled “Accurate loughby will act as judges and award
“Incipient Fascists” Portrayed The play concerns incipient fascist in a university town who axe engaged in the sport of building stadiums, hiiing an unbeatable football mob, and suppressing anyone who happens to think out loud. In between are bits of the most polished sox we have ever witnessed. Playshop toned down a couple of linc.s, but that wasn’t important. Ed Keller, the Red hating, football worshipixlg trustee, is a character that no one has trouble meeting in the fiesh. As the Doan in the play says, “There is always at least one Ed Keller aiound.” Ilax-old Warlen does an extroixioly good, loudmouthed job with Kellei', although at times the cai icature wasn’t quite sti'ong enough. O.strander—A Good Coed
In view of the fact that the .University has gone on a three-term school year, the Panhellenic Association has devised a new “deferred” rushing system which will become effective in August. Under the new rules, freshmen girls entering the University this May will be eligible for sorority rushing next August and September. Previously, coeds could go through rush their first semester at school; now they must wait a term. Advantages for the new system, according to the Panhellenic Associatiqm are many. Soroiities can accui-ately estimate the number of incoming girls since coeds must meet the scholastic requirement of an index of 3.8 set by Panhellenic before being pledged. Transfer students ai-e eligible for rush at any time. Rush To Be Held First Week Rush will be held the first week of school and will not interfere with class work. Vacancies oceux’ing because of graduation may be filled immediately by girls who were pledged the previous term. Goes Into Effect Next Fall From next August 29 to September 5, the first actual rushing under this system will be held. The general plan will be similar to rush last October with two informal i-ushing periods, three informal invitational dinnex’s and pi’eference dinner on the tentative schedule. / “Open rush” will take place from September 7 to September 14, inclusive, for those organizations that have vacancies in their quotas after rushing period has closed. The girls eligible for this rush will be those who registered foi the September rush and have not pledged.
Beginning today and continuing tomorrow and Friday, the annual Corps area inspection of the University ROTC unit will be made by Colonel John R. Stax-key, Lieutenant Colonel William H, Cux’eton and Lieutenant Colonel William B. Weston. The pui’pose of this inspection is to select institutions which ax-e to be designated by the Coi’ps Area Commander as having “excellent” units. Will Visit Classes The inspection board will visit regular classes of the militai-y department during the inspection days and' thus determine the average level of instruction being given in such subjects as administration, aerial photograph reading, military fundamentals, gunnery, history, motors, tactics, communications, reconnaissance, topography and drill. The inspection board will also view the “Graduation Review” to be held tomorrow morning at 11 on Russell Field. This review, like the one held yesterday for the second brigade, will be the last appearance of the senior officei-s of the first brigade as students. The seniors of the brigade will march from the Armory to the field with the brigade and will then join the reviewing pai'ty. The cadets will then pass in review in their honor. The review is open to the public and parking space will be available along the east fence of the field.
Voting in the annual Student Senate election will be held in the West Reception room behind the West Desk in the Union from 8 to 5 today, with ballots being cast for representatives from each of the schools on the campus. All students are eligible to vote upon presentation of their passports which will be stamped as the ballots are received. Under a new Senate ruling, all
Prom To Close Winter Formal Dress Season
Discouraging any summer formal dress, the Prom Committee yesterday declared the Junior Prom to be the last winter formal dress dance of the year, completing final plans for the affair following a complete sell-out of tickets. Charlie Spivak and his orchestra, featuring Garry Stevens and the Star Dusters, will play in the main ballrooms. Following the grand march, Prom Committee members, the Prom Queen and her court, their escorts and special guests will attend a reception in the Faculty Lounge in the Union. Queen for the night will be Bobby Gleason with her court consisting of Dotty Sieb, Jeanette Haynes, Jane Burkholder, Jeanne Moses, and Kay Webber.
Staff Members Will
Stratton Will Speak On Frosh Problems Before AWS Today
Honor Harding
At Last Rites
Harding Services
Farm Records.” Bradfield ropreKcnted the SCA and the winners trophy will return to that organ-
ization.
Wallace Cook, fieshinan from the Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity placed second with his talk on “Women as Farm Labor.” C. W. Stall, junior from SCA, won third jilace with his speech on “Why Soybeans Should Be Fertilized.”
the first piize of ten dollars to the maker of the best design. A second piize of five dollai.s will also be given. The designs must be appropi iate to the Music Hall and might suggest some use to which it is put. Designs will bo judged on the basis of simplicity, originality and caieful execution. They should be diawn with India ink on white il-
Judges for the contest were Dr. lustiation board 12x18 inches. It is T. K. Cowden of the farm manage- nnpoitant that a typical text be ment department; Leland Winch, drawn in pencil on the design. The the speech department; and L. A. size and lace of the type which the Wood, vocational teacher at Mont- competing designers suggest should morenci. be indicated.
Horts To Sec Movies At Meeting Tonight
Dr. E. C. Young
Hoiticultural Society will hold its last regular meeting of the semestei tonight in the a.ssenxbly room of the Hoi'ticultural building at 7:30 p. m. G. E. Gould, of the entomology department, will show pictures on flower insects and i-are insects of odd shapes, foims and colors. AH pictures, which were taken by Gould, are concerned with insects found in this community. Gould is president of the Lafayette Movie Club, a local amateui motion picture photogiaphers’ organization, and has done much woik in insect photogi'aphy. There will be no admission chat go and all interested are urged to attend.
... of the farm management depaitment, will in in Chicago today whore he will address two meetings being held there. At noon he will speak at the Chicago Farmers’ Club meeting on “Agiicultural Trends Dining and After the War” and at 2 p.m. he xvill talk befoie the Credit Clinic of the Amoiican Bankers’ Association on “Agi icultural Pioduction Goals and Possibility of their Attainment.”
John Clark as the yo,ung professor who is continually on a nxeiry-go-round with his principles and his male animal instincts produced an able and sometimes inspired performance. Ann Obtx’ander makes a good coed on or off the stage. Wo liked her adept manner of occilating between the football hero and the fiery editor, who, incidentally, was unfortunately not too fiery. That’s our complaint on Noidlinger. It was pietty hard to believe the person he acted was fiery or even luke-warm oi capable of writing anything more emotional than a reasearch paper on the amoeba. There was something amiss with Vernon Rising’s portrayal of the dean, too. We don’t know what it was, but he didn’t resemble the deans we’ve met. Nearly every one else was quite competent except the man who picked out the record of “Who” for the play. It was a awing version, and the song definitely wasn’t meant to be. It was supposed to be dreamy, haunting, reminiscing, and all the other adjectives, but obviously not swing.
In honor of Dr. C. F. Harding, xviiose funeral will take place at .‘L.'IO p. ni., Wodne.sday, April 15, at <he Central Pre.sbyterian Church, Lalayelte, the School of Eleclrical Engineering will be closed Wednesday afternoon in order tlial students and staff members may be able to attend the funeral exercises. Edward C. Elliott
Prof. J. J. Davis
Funeral services for Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the electrical engineering school, who died suddenly Monday in his office, will be held at the Central Presbytoiian Church thjs afternoon at 3:30. Rev. W. R. Giaham will officiate; burial will be m Grand View cemelery in West Lafayette. Active pallbearers will be staff members, including A. N. Topping, E. M. Sabbagh, Donald Canfield, R. B. Stone, and R. B. Stewait. President E. C. Elliott, Dean A. A. Pottei-, Pi of. John L. Bray, Prof. Ilariy Solbeig, Pi of. C. W. Beese, Pi of. R. B. Wiley, and Dr. J. S. Moiiison will act as honorary pallbeareiR. Fi lends may call at the Templeton Funeral Home this morning fionx 10 to 12.
Second meeting of prospective coed counselors for next fall’s fi'eshmen will be held in the large lectux-e loom of Coulter Hall today at 4 p. m. Dean Stratton will speak on “Prominent Freshman Problems” at the meeting which is sponsored
candidates elected will. serve for the summer term only, but will be eligible for re-etection at the close of the semester. Those whose petitions for junior positions have been accepted and who will compete in th^election are: Dick McCoy, Bob Boydston, and Phil Woolery, Mechanical Engineering; Kenneth Roqiiemore, Charles Lynch, and Miller Nourse, Chemical Engineering; Oakley Gordon, Pete Schwab, and Roger Moymohan, Civil and Public Service Engineering; Charlotte Hass and Dorothy Canfield, Home Economics; Myrton Jones and Don Brewer, Electrical Engineering; and Ross McKee and John Smith, Agriculture. Unopposed in the junior division are Edward Fingl, Pharmacy and Physical Education; and Barbara Wiley, Science. Seeking sophomore positions are Bill Duesterberg, Pharmacy and Physical Education; Wally Cook, Agriculture; Lloyd Hammel and James R. Craig, Science; and Kathleen Gannon, Home Economics. Last Satux’day morning at engineering lectures Dick Welty, Judd Vear, Tom Spitler, and Bob King were elected to represent the freshmen engineers in the Senate for the coming semester. Today’s voting will close the elections for this semester.
Sigma Xi Will Hold Initiation Saturday
University chapter of Sigma Xi,
by the orientation committee of national honorary for the promotion Associated Women Students. of research in pux’e and applied sciCoeds who did not attend the fix’st eixce, will hold its annual initiation meeting, but who wish to become Saturday afternoon at 4 in the faccoimselors, may do so by attending iiRy lounge of the Union. One alumthe next two meetings. In order to nus member, 52 active members, 30 bo eligible as a counselor, coeds graduate associates, and 16 undetrmust have cumulative index of 3.5 graduate associates will be initiat-
and attend the counselors’ meet-
ings. She must be willing to assume Membership is awarded to those the responsibility of helping her original research contribtt-
counselees adjust to their new college environment and must realize
that sorority rush has no place in membership is awarded
the counseling program, either in
tions in any branch of science, engineering, or agriculture, and aa-
on
, , the basis of promise of research
correspondence or in personal con-
tacts.
. . . head of the entomology depai tment, will be in Chicago Saturday where he will speak on the Country Journal Hour which is broadcast over the Columbia Broadca.sting System. Davis will speak on the Coin Boier Situation.
Marjorie Seibert
The annual dinner, open to all
At the third meeting in the series, members and initiates and their Mrs. Davis G. McCarn, counselor guests, will follow at 6 p.m. in the lor women at Northwestern Uni- south ballroom. Tickets for the dinveisity, will speak on “What Coun- ^.g gg gg^ts and may be bought selors Can Do to Help New Stu- from Prof. DeVries of the chemi^-
deiits With Their Problems.”
. . . University 1941 graduate and member of Kappa Alpha Theta social sorority, will be married in June to Thomas V. Cheiiington, ’42.
Eastwood Will Attend
In New Orleans
Meeting
Upton Will Appear
At Concert Sunday
Prof. F. R. Eastwood of the division of physical education, will attend the annual meeting of the American Association for Health, Physical Education and Recreation at New Orleans this week.
try department. Dr. K. K. Chen, Director of Pharmacologic Research for Eli Lilly and Company, will speak Satuxrday evening at 7:30 in the lectux'e room of Stanley Coulter hall at the last open meeting of Sigma Xi. His topic will be “Some Recent Studies on
Alkaloids.”
Foundation Members i Attend Conference
Prom Corsages
WAA Presidents Attend Convention At Wellesley
Ensign W. D. Kise
. . . former University student, who entered the Navy last year after completing a special course at Annapolis Naval Academy, is now stationed at Midway Island where he serves also as athletic director.
Prom Committee wishes to announce that corsages will be in order for the Prom this Friday. After considering the nearness of this date to commencement, and the relative impossibility of the local florists to issue bills for corsages before graduation, the Prom Committee recommends that all students pay cash for corsages. Dick Ball Chairman, Prom Committee
Mary Pidgeon, retiring WAA president, and Gail Heixnis, newly elected president, have just returned from the National convention of Women’s Athletic Assoc, held at Wellesley College, Wellesley, Mass., Apiil 9, 10, 11. At this convention discussions were held on physical fitness, community recreation, and athletic programs. Gail Henixis acted as chairman of a committee reporting on athletic competition fox- college women.
Martha Lipton, who holds the title of “America’s Pi ize-Winning Contralto,” will be the featured soloist in a special conceit at 3 next Sunday afternoon in the Music Hall. Admission to this final program in the convocation series will be by season ticket, student passport or general admission ticket, which will be on sale at 55 cents for the public. Early Training From Mother Miss Lipton was born and reared in New Yoik and received her early musical education fiom her mother, Estelle Lipton, a noted concert singer of her day. Her telent was shown as a child but did not really asseit itself until at a girls’ camp when she was singing in a group seated aroutjd a campfire. Her ability that evening won for her camp fame and led to her decision to train her voice for the concei t stage. In 1937, Miss Lipton won a scholarship to the Juilliard Graduate
School of Music in New York, followed by additional laurels by winning the Young Artist Contest sponsoied by the MacDowell Club. Her piize for the latter feat was a recital in New York, attended by a capacity audience. In 1939, she was awarded $1,500 and a nation-wide radio appearance as a result of entering the National Federation of Music Clubs Contest. Her cax’eer since has been acclaimed a success m conceit and national radio programs. Young Convo Artist This is the first University convocation to introduce a young artist who shows definite promise of attaining fame, according to Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the University convocation committee. Thus the interest shown by the students and public in the program will detei mine the type of convocations to be presented in the future.
Dr. Eastwood, who is vice-presi-dent of the association, head of the recreation division and a member of the board of diiectors, will preside at the meeting of the recreation division on Wednesday, where the subject, “Recreation During and After the War,” will be discussed. On Thursday, he will act as a consultant at a conference on the question of industiial recieation and safety.
WAA Postpones Doubles Toumament To April 20 Bad weather has forced the postponement of the WAA doubles tennis tournament one week to April 20. This will enable the contestants to get in two practice games before the tournament. All girls interested in tennis are qrged to play. Experience is not necessaiy. Practice games may be played any evening, but must be repoited by April 17.
Members of the Christian Foundation, accompanied by the stpdenti pastor. Rev. H. Reynolds, drove to Bloomington last Sunday to attend the annual Pmdue, DePauw, Indiana Conference of Christian Church Student Groups. Students of this University who were appointed to office for the conference here next year were Doyt Hamilton, president, and Bob Smith, secretary. Richard Smith served as vice president for thift year’s conference. A discussion on “Race Toleranse** was presented by Paul Carrington, Charles Compton, Emma BeBo Whitenack and Bob Smith of thin University.
Corp. J. P. Reising
. . . University graduate, who stationed at Camp Shelby, ISd^^dksippi, of Company D, 162nd InJhntry, 38th Division, has been madt regimental instructor in map an4 aetial photograph reading tMsdW” ■<^ I* f ^ ^
\ ^v?\
Purdue Exponent All-American '1940-'41 Offices: Editeriat and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 £4it«rial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor-in-ChicC Neirr GdHnr Manneme Editor BUMdesB Manairer CirculofionTWonager Cord EditoV^
Alt-!
John F Amoo Don T Brophr John H ArmBtrone William D Millard Ken K Gjentre Alice Chatileld
Publication Staff Associate Fditors Editorial Staff R W Ro winkh D, L But? W G Hoskins A P Hunlei D W Othillr. e W k Rnfert Efforts Staff O I lluwir 1 S Bawson I I Karpick R W KricRor Coed SUIT Sall> B.all ClnrloUt Hass Jean I^ucr Dons
Pirkermi,
Business Staff Coed Business Manager Julia Martin Advertising Managers J M Wright D I, Johnson Circulation Manager G H Klouman Aceounts Manager Trena Torrenga i Junior Coed Managers Ellen Clark Jane Keim
Lauer Dawson
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Hunter Dav Editor (Bsne Editor Marlindale Sports Editor Reporters Beall Votik Ahuns Ford Blackburn Caylor Dans Tiwcctt But? Riggs Christman Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette. Indiana under the act of Congress of March J 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act ^ Oclolier 3 1917, authorized January 20 1922 Published daily except Mondav during the tegular academic year and vreeldy during the summer Session Delivered locally liy car rier for $3 50 per year mail subscriptions St 00 Represented for national advertising bv National Advertis mg Sienice Ini Callcg- Publishers Representatives 420 Madison Ave , New York N Y
The War Won’t Win Itself • This IS War! These three words don’t mean very much. Think back m yoin mind as you read them you’ve seen them so many times in the past four months that they are almost without meaning In the case of many of us, war never had meaning It is difficult to explain war by mere words And it is e\en more difficult to imagine we Americans as a defeated nation Conceive, if you can, an America without its cheri'^hed ficedoms Freedoms which are so much a part of our everyday life that we take them lor granted Life as a conquered people would be a hazj- dream of better days, a search for ‘ omething to eat and a prayer for relief liom oiu suffeiing But this can’t happen here, oh no—not heie in America They wouldn’t attack us, not us But strange enough, Me have been attacked and the dangei is upon us The seriousness of the situation grovvs by the minute, but don’t woirv, nothing can happen to us, we’re Amei leans The attitude of the American public seems to be; Let the wai take caie of itself and we’ll take care of ourselves As a matter of fact, it has been tound that uai is an ideal time to take care of yourself And all the boys are climbing on the gravy train Workers, capitalists, industries and politicians, I didn’t grace them by calling them statesmen, aie all getting into this war effort with both h^nds—palm upwaid With their eyes on the coming elections instead of the state ot the nation, congress refused to pass the bill eliminating the closed shop and 40-hour week While thei-e is a desperate urgency for production speed-up and the letting of more war contracts, congressmen take up the time of defense officials with constituent pleasing public utility schemes Despite a shortage of labor, W’PA projects for beautitying and improving certain state and city properties aie still being carried on WPA doesn’t have the labor nor is there any heed for the improvement, but the money still goes from war contracts into parks, monuments and statuary Funds are being asked to continue CCC aciivities The pampered young men in the CCC anight well be in the armed services or in war production where they are needed Production is still hampered by strikes, despite piomises that they would cease Speedup IS tied in knots bv the red t^pe of labor unions In the ship yards paint spraying guns can’t be used Instead, days are added to the launching time w'hile union painteis apply the coats by hand Two helpers stand around while a third person W'orks Steel workers in ship yards have to bide their time while carpenters are found who can erect the scaffolding Irom which they will work Business is getting its share ol the war prolits and labor is not going to be lett out Coveinment bureaus cieated to meet a longpast depression still continue to grab lor themselves money which is needed foi armiaments And wh( n the light against the Axis begins to go badly politicians and business will begin i > bellow and jilace blame The laborer will ii'U how much he has been doing and probably mention that il the soldieis had done halt as much they would ha\( won the war in a couple of months But if things go on the waj they are, no one will have to woiiy Without equipment and without aimaments, the best soldiers in tho world couldn’t beat back the Nazis in Russia nor keep invaders from oui coast I —University ot Washington Daily
Exponent Editorial And Feature Page Wednesday, April is, 1942
Notices
-BOUND
WASHINGTON, Apiil 14 —It looks as if the Piesident Mill have to give Postmaster Gcneial Fiank Walkei the same dose of pcisonal plodding that finally sn'apped Attoincy General Piancis Biddle out of his moon-ga7ing lethaigy and staited him clacking down on seditious opeiatoVs A venemous flood of Axis piopaganda is daily going thiough the mails It is no seciet Walkei knows all about it Foi weeks he has been bombaided with complaints fiom outiaged citizens demanding that this subveisne activity be stopped • Postal Inspectors Ready The Postal Inspection Seivice knows all about it The oldest and one of the most efficient sleuthing agencies m the government, the Inspection Service, IS itching to move im But with one exception. Walker has done nothing The exception was The Galilean, a publication put out bv William Dudlej Pelly, Silver Shirt leader recently ai rested by the FBI on charges of sedition The paper finally was barred from the mails, but only after stiong official pressure on Walkei But Uie several bundled othei seditious publications continue to have free access to the U S mails to spread then vicious pi o-Axis lies and poison Among the vvoist ol them are a number of foreign language papers edited by alien Fascists who are under investigation by the FBI 11 he needed anv information on them, Walker could get it in a lew minutes by a telephone call lo the Justice Department, two blocks down Ponnsvlvania yVveniie from his huge, oinate ol-
lice
But to date Walkei InsuT done a thing to hilt this siiiistei flood ol enemy piopaganda Dining the Woild Wai not only wcio such publi cations bailed liorn the mails but the Post Office Dcpaitmcnt obtained the willing coopeiation ot cx pi ess companies to letusc to cany any maltei banned by the Dcpaitment Walkei IS one of the most genial oflicials in Wash ington But he is not noted foi eithei initmlive oi foreefulness He nevei does anything that might dis tuib the peace of his easy going daily loutine of lun ning a government dcpaitmcnt that iiins itscll • RoosevelUs Memory In past years when the Picsident icccivcd the fust poppy fiom the Veteians of Foieign Wais opening then annual fund laising diive loi the widow-, and oiphans of e\ scivice men he took gioat delight in showing the little gals who piescnted the poppies a chini donkey and elephant on his desk, md asking them which they liked be't Sometimes, to the ombai lassmeiit oJ VFW officials, the tots chose the elephant This yeai no chances weie taken Geialdinc Reynolds, hve ve a old oiph ai of an AEF vetcian was caielully coached Lo point lo the donkey But Geialdinc' didn t get a chance to show hei political astuteness 1 he Piesident perhaps tor leasoiis of national unity, didn’t put hei on the spot Instead, he gave V F\\ ollieials something ilsL to t ilk about—a dimonstration ot his remarkable memorv Wlun little Geialdinc was peiehed on his desk loi a picture the President demurred Oh no that’s the way we posed w hen I got a poppy last year Suppose you stand down here beside me to make it dilfeicnt this year • Jones' Experts Ihoie was one illuminating poition of Jes^o Jones’ testimony on the inbbei shoitago befoie the Tinman committee that was not lepoitcd in the pi css ac counts of the healing This was his inteilegation by Senatoi Ralph Bicw stei of Maine on the expei ts Jones consulted when he decided in 1941 to i educe shaiply the synthetic mb bei piodnetion piogiam lecommended by Fdwaid Stetkmius then 0PM i aw mateiials diiectoi The tolloviing is the Biewstci Jones exchange Brewstei ’1 he report recommended the crea tion ot a committee ot expei ts to pass on these technical questions Did lou create such a com mittee’^ Jones Well I don 1 know what voii call ex perts I Brewster I don’t think th.^! is siisceqitihl ot defiiulion I think either you 1 now it or you don t Jones’ answer was a 1 uig statement about eon suiting with people m the industry ” Brewster Now, did you oi didn’t you hive a committee ot technical experts’ Jones I don’t know whethei we li ul a committee Ol not Brewster Mi Jones that is ,i leiy amazing statement Jones 1 don’t think il is amazing at all Brewster You don’t know whethei you had a committee ol technical expei ts or not’ Jones I don’t know what an eltpert is Brewster Well, you know what a committee IS, don’t vou’ Jones We had a committee We had a great many people working on it Biewstei Well I think we can conclude then that you did not constitute a committee Is that a eorreel conclusion ' Jones That is vour answer It isn’t mine • Merry-Go-Round Oil the insistence of his doetoi, Fedeial Woiks Ad mimstiatoi Philip Fleming went to Floi ida to le cupciate iiom a stveie giippe ittack but that ihdn t keep him tiom woikmg At BocA Chiea the hideivvay neai Key West diseoveied last ycai by a niimbei ol <u Lists, wiiteis and high tcdeial officials, Fleming completed the details of the new militaiy highway to Alaska Repiescntativc Cwing Thomason able haul vvoiking membei ot the House Mihtaiy Afiaus Committee, is latcd by Aimy ehiels as one ot the best civilian militaiy ixpeits in the eountiy Followi ig the speeches ot Scnitois loi Ball ot Minnesota, and Alex Wiley ol Wisconsin on the aniuvtisaiy ol the day Noiway was invaded by the N i/is, lecl inning the htioie lesistaiiee ot the Noiwegian people to then eonqiiciois the Senate eloikiooms hiiz/ed with com ment ovei the tailiue ol Senatoi Ileniik Shipstead to say anything Ot Noiwegian descent on both sides ot his iamily Shipstead w is a bittei isolationist up to Peail Haiboi Since then, while voting toi w ii measuies he is still on close tin ms with isolationist leadeis (Copyiight, 1942, by United Featme Syndicate, Ine )
rrftlernilie'i All fiatcrnitioi nnvinK 80 pticciil Dcluis silts amoni then mtmlitjs ol till li i i [ Itiisi limit the stiiba baton WcdnihlHj Anil I at Iht Dobi is Inismtsa offici in )i I 1 lo obtain a fm Uibiis IHEODOSl Catholic SInclents number of students art wuntid foi the ( itholic auninui camp IhnSG int listed cill 2501 •—BROCH Gliilcr tliil) ’ r t n„ postponid until Ihiiisliij And If 1 kill n f i fticcis will bi h( 111 at this mi tin
CASSEE
Military Code Instruction Men e'ho qunl ifiid at I) w p m or bettei i 11 rksire a ccr tificate to that tffict should contact 11 Bull bait in Instiuctors Room ot Armory —BURKHART Town Gir’j Club Picnic Saturday April 25 at 1 10 p m in Hapiiy Hollow Met t in West F iciiltv loungi before staiting Please sign up at west desk m Union by Monday Apiil 20 Brine 20 tents for lood when you sign up GRAVES Tau Beta Pi Poimal initiation will be Wednesday Ainil 15 at 7 15 p m in loom 230 of tile Union ■—BRANNER AMS Meet ni, rl exciutue b ul Wid n sd ly A ill, at " 10 p m CROI I AG ("minis Beat Mettine in Peponent ofliee Wedntstin Ajinl 1, il 1 1, pm Pkiist lUend BUT 7 Militarv Banquet CominiUte Me tins Thursday April 1( it 4 ]) m in loom 20, ol the Aimoiy TPRII Horticulture Society Met tins Wtdnes dav April 1, 11 1 )< m 11 1 llu tic i ticiil turc Buildins Movie n Ii scots will be shown It IS the last mectmi of the semes tei all member He iiised t, be t lesent Refreshments Sv II 1, stivcd BASS
itnnt me ti is We liiesd ij in the Fi 1 lb sc Picp icidt IRUl CK
Men Students tlhoae interested m living in a student cooperative noyse this sumnter call 54 tS —CARESON Mnrriaee Course Meet at LoCb's main door outside at 4 06 p m on the evenings/
as assigned
Wednesday April 15 Rose Williams Braude Kaplan 1 reeland Hofei Waymun Albright Lense, Elliott Jarvis Muuer Wolfe Towle Wellington Stambniigh Saskstedci Chernngton Bcnna Smulevltz Ueigmark Dawson Gicgory Fellows Attendance is compulsory for ciedit Pi Tau Sigma Informal initiation at Theta Xi house Thursday Apiil 16 at 7 30 pm All pledges must be present Actives ispetiallv juniois aie urged to attend
—CAFFEE
Reamer Club Meeting postponed until Wednesday Apiil 16 Will be in room 304 ( f the Union at 7 15 —RUPENER
Gold Pepper Pledges ing Thursday April If Union at 4 p m
Compulsory meetin room 806 of the -SCARFP
Dolphins
Apiil 15 til m II nations f( 1 C il ic i< Glider tliil. Imp p m Th n d u \| i the Union 1 lee ti n
tant m tine a1 11 II 1 jin 101 ,1
r I fur 1 will be 1 eld
( HI (AIRY
10
All Students Slulrl vl, exi tot lo (Il t 1 < 11 in I I V II I lb UniveI hitv ( util III 1 I 111 1 les 1 t H 111 I I I I I (It I I i I th 1 I es uv III I I I It I II I 1, SlllXl
Camera Club No meeting tonight Meeting luesdny Apiil 21 instead at 7 30 p m Watch foi notice TRUDBrOOD PKA Pledges Test Wednesday April 15 in room 304 of the Union at 4 p m
OSTRANDER
Sig-ma Delta Chi Meeting Fiiday aftei no( n Apiil 1 at 4 Id p m in loom 303 ol the Union Election of officers best toachei etc —TRAUGOTT Military Banquet Committee Meeting Thursday Apiil lb it , p m in loum 205 III the Atmory GRAI SopKomore Military Students All sopho moles whose names appear on the list of th)be ai copied fm the Advance Coiiise must ign contracts in the main olflce of the Aimoiy prim to April 26 RIORDAN Exponent Coeds Report to office Wed nesday Apiil 15 foi assignments for coed page CHATPH ED
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Kook Store ArrosB From Union ■d Saminona ’29 * Doc ’ Fpple
Scrlvaaer AcHves Ipitmtion followed by banquet will be hold m Vhion Thvnsdny Apiil 16i at 6 pm Phone Marion Howard 01 Ellon Searight at 2907 for reseivatlons No banquet fob for actives —DRAY Shorthand Students Mrs Heath s class in shorthand will meet from I 30 to 6 30 p m Wednesday April 15 Zouates Meeting Friday April 17 at 4 fi m in room 102 of the Aimoiy GRAI Chi Epsilon Meeting in Civil Engineer ing Building Wednesday night April 15 at 8 All membeia and pledges be pustnt COHEN Eta Kappa Nu Actives and pledges — Rough initiation will be held Thmsday Apiil Ih it 7 30 p m in EE Building -WILLIAMS
Classified L ' \ -It ^ Ads
Typewriters—^Addinff Machines, all make^ sold rented repaired and purchased Mime ograph work done C J Ebershoff, 605 Main Lafayette Phone 2779 Lost On camnus April 5 1942 Gold pocket watch snap cover Rcwaid Call 8421
D T Best
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
FAO Chess Teams Advaiieti4ii Tdtintey Teams from Lite following fraternities won the first tound of the FAO Chess Tournament: ^igna Nu, Pi Kappa Phi, Acacia, Beta Sigma Psi, Sigrrta Alpha Epsilon, Nt^ppa Sigma, Tau Epsilon Phi, Sigma jChi, Lambda Chi Alpha, Alphp Cht, aUo, Alpha Gamma Rho, Kappg pejfcn Rho and Delta Tau Delta The second loiind of the tournament will lie completed today^jTIie tiophy being awaaded to t^e wipnmg team will he displayed in the Bill-Pat show window
LAST DAY—2^ HITS LVDiA’
starring MERLE OBERON AtAN AJAffSHAl • JOSEPH CQTTfH PLUS
Ag I d
Its I t l I A| 111 11 ( Un i Oil
lllLt 1
VW(A l I bo 111 1 I \
1 I X
, V II 1 II I I I 1 II I 111 r ill I SIUl IS
THE EATING HOUSE COMPLETE KAMPUS KITCHEN
LAST TIMES TODAY
SHIRLEY TEMPLE ^ LARAINE DAY IN "KATHLEEN"
MARS LAST TiMES TODAY -
CAIL PATRICK
LEE BOWMAN
MARJORIE > MAIN
SABII delies the Jungle' Rudvaid Kipiing'f THE JUIKLEBOIMC 1^ TECHHICOlpK
'S\AA Anjitu ml i< led in tl\ss biv bill si^n 1 n the b 11 ti n th Lym ml com U 1 i s c ill t M d > A] i 1 0 nt 4 r B MJC UMAN
ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY
AND TERROR STALKED THRILLS'
ALSO
'HOLT OF THE SECRET SERVICE,"
— THURS. - FRI. - SAT.— "DATE WITH THE FALCON ' TRIGGER FINGERS KING OF THE TEXAS RANGERS LATEST PATHE NEWS
-TODAY-
SUPER SHOCK SHOW' BELA LUGOSI IN BLACK DRAGONS —Plus THE MAN WITH TWO LIVES Wlfll EDWARD NORRIS
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
/ct
BEEW
muuDONWVV
STARTS THURSDAY DOUBLE FEATURE EDW G ROBINSON IN DISPATCH FROM REUTERS —Plus BROADWAY BIG SHOT with RALPH BYRD
Cul Your Style Ki^hl .Sliirls — ARROW SHIRTS
al
416 MAIN
DEWENTERS
416 MAIN
COMING W ^LT DISNEY’S DUMBO
POCKET SIZE
To Preserve Forever the Record of His Days with Uncle Sam!
The FIRST Diary Ever Designed A Exclusiveiv ^for Service Ufe
He’ll enjoy wiiting it now! And m the future, this day-by-day account of his personal expeilences will be his most valuable, treasured possession!
MANY EXCLUSIVE FEATURES • Diary Pages * Citations, Awards, „ ,, Service Record •Buddies, Off I'-ers, Civilians—Autographs . , •Space for Photos • Addresses, Date and Clippings Gift Reminders
• Identitication, Physical Record
And other Special Sections
•Reminders of the Folks Back Home
Packod in Carton Ready tor Mailing Durably bound in simulated leather for permanence and beauty, colorfully il lustrated throughout Don’t Delay — Send it Today'
Decker s Inc,
518-20 Main Sf.
Phone 5036
f
or Dancin’ or Romancin’
AR llic Aiiovt I ido (liofis sluil witli join Fills and ivliilf’ lio. I ido lias a siiiootli iiaiiow liosoni vvilli snspnidn loops on eaili sid( lo k(op il 111 place. II vou’io uoanng Iu\, voii’ll want llio Anow Slioiclinii Milli ils jdoalod liosoin .ind sinait (ollai altaduii, Rolli situ Is aio as (oinfoilaldo as tlioy aio oasj-on-llio-() 0, (ompido join foinial iig witli Anow today!
Buy Your ARROW SHIRTS al dtsi/lMlA,
i ik F lA 'f
\Y
m
Ih' i t i b A
taube Takes Charge Of ^r!?!?lfr? 'f Short Drill
Things were quief (
Golfers Await Opener Against Notre Dame;
Diaroondmen Defeat Wabash 10*1^
aiate items
In the tag sciimmage, linemen Shimei, Luego, Volkman, and Wailen showed up nicely Backfield stars such as Strain, Andeison, Cy
on the m-
trathural field yesterday afternoon as old sol beamed down Oh the spring football squads and slowed up their activities
MelTaubeWasinchargeof the cenas, Meakim, and Hajzyk seemed
^ring teams yesterday, due to the fact that Head Coach El-
Ti 1 n 1 j ” Team Works Out
mer Buraham was called to
South Bend to act as head^speaker , a
foi one of the local high school ath-
Six LitteraeS Back Smokim^ ot SmAA^ IT¥^ '•Un* &„'4e of the favo. -I-.' ji,. .^T\ Fifth Will bf beasOtt
were presiding ovei the newlyfoimed aggiegation of “B” team
, 4. 1 J.1 , plaVeis Despite the sun, this gioup
The squads weie taken through /. 4. jj 1 u , _i _ i j. „ 7 eneigetic giiddeis held a giuel
ing tackle sciimmage session One of the oddities of the day was the Filipmo niembei of the squad who conforms to his native customs by playing in his bare feet when the heavy cleats ciamp his style The shoeless lad has speed to bum when
letic banquets
Tag Foot^ll The squadi
a short tag football session in the earlier part of the afternoon Later Coach Taube gathered the giidders around in a circle to lecture to them on various phases of ^fhe grid game He pointed out just where every player was expected to be on cer
taiq plays. Offense and defense he tosses his cleats to the sidelines were both discussed Th,e lole of the Kicking is also accomplished by safety man, running guaid, an^ this island visitor without the aid blocking back were taken up as sep of clodhoppers
FINAL CHECK-UP for. PROM Be Completely and Smoothly Dressed Bollor make lliat cheek up non felloes and lie sure you have all your aceessorir's toi Pioin. Save your nerves front a last miuule rush.
DRESS SHIRT BLACK HOSE COLLARS TIE HANDKERCHIEF
STUDS CUFF LINKS COLLAR BUTTONS SUSPENDERS BUTTONAIRE
QhJiUfCi yj INC.
WEST LAFAYETIE
jL 'if ^ ^
’ Taking advantage of the favor able weather conditions, Coach Haiiy Allspaw’s golf squad con tinned then daily practice in piepa lation foi the mitral match oi the season against Notie Dame next Saturday afternoon at South Bend Although his squad will be sen ously cut by the c^ly graduation this year, Allspaw is veiy optimistic about the approaching campaign Five matches—namely those with Noti^ Dame, Noithwestein Ohio State, Detroit and Michigan will he lun oft befoie the end of the
present semester
Five Seniors On Squad Leading the outfit this jeai will be Captain Cm ran, senior letter man Other s who will probably foi m the nucleus of the team aie seniors Knipp, Dahl McDaniel and Dittmer along with Schutt, a junioi Dahl last sumprei won the state junior
title
Two up and coming sophomores —Abeinethy and Ainswoith^—will in all probability see plenty of action duiing the coming season, especially after the graduation of the five outstanding seniors
Personnel Notes Commonwealth & Southern Corp , Jackson Mich—Juniors foi sum mei woik Sign in Pcisonnel Office before Piiday, Apiil II Case School ot Applied Science, Cleveland, Ohio—B S in CD ME or EE with or without teaching expcii cnce, foi positions as instiuetoi>^ Sign in Personnel Office by Wed nesday, Api il 15 George Pollock Co , Sacramento, Calil —CE, ME EL for work on a ship building contiact Sign in Pei sonnel Office befoie Piiday, Apiil 17 Caiborundiim Company, Niagaia 1 alls N Y —Students foi summei woik in the Pi eduction Department Sign in Pei sonnel Office before Friday, April 17 Also ME seniors for peimanent positions U S Nary Yaid, New Yoik, N Y—EE’s loi Junioi Radio Engi neeis Sign in Pei sonnel Office by Pi id ly Api il 17 Douglas All Cl aft, Santa Monica, Calif—ME interested in auciaft industiy on the west coast Sign in Pcisonnel Office befoie Thursday, A])iil ]() P R Malleiy Co Indianapolis Ind—ME and EE Sign in Person nel Office by noon Piiday, Apiil L7
Southworth’s
•t i'
Take a Tip
If you contempTate buying any new phonograph records in the near future ....
We Suggest
• • •
you malce your selections and pui c liases wjthin a vciy few days—before ceitain tnevitablc restiictions are applied to letail sales —
Visit the Hecard Spot Today
[ BlLlijWJltt 308-10 STATE STREET WES I LAFAYEITP, IND
Southworth’s
Great Lakes Nine Coming
Yesterday afternoon the Riyetei diamondmen saw two more games
added to their already potent schedule m the form of n home and home ^ , , , ,, 4. ,1 series with the Great Lakes Nayal Training Station The Sailors, coached the Riveter diamond squad defeated Wabash f, by one of the greatest ball players in American League history—none fordsville yesterday aftemoon for their fifth Will in eigili
Scoring five runs on three hits in the first half of the niniti
other than Mickey Cochi-fine, foi mer catcher and manager of the Deti oit Tigers—will make an appearance here on the aftemoon of Wednesday,
May 27 Finale
Incidentally that game will wind up the home caid foi Bdilermaker nine a mighty fitting ending indeed The Riveters, on the other hand, will journey to the Middies’ stronghold on the 14th of this month to hold
up then end of the baigam
Cochrane, in his first year at the helm, has enough material in the form of formei collegiate players to beat the Yankees w'ell the Dodgers anyway Last year’s leading Conference huilei, Indiana’s Don Dunkei, will in all probability see action on the mound for the Sailois
Ernie Back
Tennis Squad Drills For Cardinal Match AtRuncie, April 21
starts- this season. > ^ Paul Petrich, big right ed hurler for the Botlemtakers, went all the way Althoagft life walked nine men in all, Petrich Was very strong with men on base. Re allowed seven hits and stmck Otit
SIX of the Little iGants. Score Two In Second
The Riveters opened the ae^ttog with two runs in the second inning
Ball State's Caidinals will ’fur
nish the opposition for the Boiler- on Carson’s double They scored tWO maker tennis squad m the second more rn the seventh and one in tile
Another Hoosiei, chubby Ernie Andres, is slated foi the third base match of the season next Tuesday, eighth
post It was just about one year ago that big Ernie began a brilliant sea April 21 at Muncie Coach LaBiee At the stai-t of the ninth son with the Louisville Colonels one which later proved hrm to be and his racquet wieldeis will be Young drew a base on bafis. Rerse^ one of the finest perfoimeis around the hot corner in the Ameiican As seeking their second straight vie and Shoemaker then followed w^ sociation Andies also played a whale of a lot of'basketball on this year’s toiy when they engage the Card- singles to rightfield scoring Young, roving Cleat Lakes hardwood squad how well we remember ,nals on the cement courts Befoie the end of tl^ inning More Uniforms Beat Cardmals Last Year Riveter runs had crossed the plgbl According to Cud Coaches Reeck and Voinoff, there are still plenty ^ast year the Gold and Black o'’ hits and four very timely
unifoims for those fellows who would like to play on the newly formed base on balls ‘B’ squad Already several former high school players who thought downing the Ball State aggrega- Get 4 Runs In Ninth
they wore not good enough for college ball have come out in addition, ^y a substantia] 6-0 verdict Wabash shored one mn in the a«ca score oi more of totally inexpeiitnced men have been issued uniforms Coach LaBiee expects a little more ond frame and^in in the fonrth. and are now working out daily trouble this time, howevei, because in the last of the ninth with ttofc This “B team idea, originated by Coach Buinham, seems to fit right f^ct that the Cardinal team count Iftto 2 against them the S in with the present trend towards phy^sical preparedness Already, Burn- ^^g .ff^cted only slightly by grad tie Giants tallieTl markers' to ham has been dickeiing with several Big Ten schools in addition to a few ^^ation fu i ^ e ^
j 1 X r. j_ X X "I 1 x' j j 111/* Lne Tinai score a-t XIA ^inci o olate institutions in an eiToit to have a lUgged, nist late schedule foi /^i i x x* xi i x
Charles Peterson, one of the best in this inning Petneh's wildness racquet wieldeis in the Indiana col- ically hurt him Four men were lege circles, will be back as one of ^raiiced with only 1 hit being made Ball State s major threats this sea- That one however was a lonn bourn
Yesterday we watched Coach Larry LaBiee put the tennis squad son The Muncie men will have mn cleai'outside the nark bvWver through the paces back of the baseball diamond it looks like Laiiy somewhat of an advantage m the second baseman ^ ^ ^ '
ically has something this yeai although it is fai too soon to start pie- Tuesday’s match, because the sets summary dieting anj thing They breezed through Butler last week but have plenty he played on cement courts ot tough matches ahead of them yet Michigan, Illinois, Noithwestein, The Boileimakers use the usual clay 2b lowi, Indiana and DePauw aie all on tap courts and the cement will be ph.lhps ' — foreign ground for them Eoa5i'*^3b'^ Placement For Women physics and chemistry The r,ve Men To Make Trip Chaney c Placement Services for Women length No <[;oach LaBiee will take a squad Harter p
Montgomery p
these giiddeis next fall these games will he entirely separate from
the regular varsity tnCounteis
Tennis
AB B H PO A E
0 3 2 0 2 15 1 2 0 2 1 a 0 6 r 1
his announced that credit courses in shoithand and typing may be off Cl cd dui mg the summei semes tci It is planned that a student who s itisf ictoi ily completes the 12 week courses in typing and short hand will receive nine hours credit The coiiisc may be taken in gddi tion to three regular hours of work The fees toi stenogiaphic couises will he ippi oximately |31 00 Appli cation must bo turned in at the
compensation
offeied m either
, , , of five men to Muncie The oidei in .alary oi mrmtenanco, but there is Cardinals totals no tuition Students inteiested y^^ j^^y
Lucht will piobably be in the num
her one position for the Riveters ^^^aker^^'>b Gus Aimstiong, Dick Stettnei, Ed Friend, if Wells, and Walter Dudzinski wilk crrso/*^rf
Radio Section National Research ^he Muncie bound roster § Buryhardt ib Council, 2101^Cojistitution Avenue, ^^cht and Wells will pair together & cf
should call the Placement Service foi Women (2955) foi fuithei in-
loimalion /
George W Bailey, Chairman,
32 b 7 27 12 4 AB A B PO A E 5 12 6 11 0 0 8 i» 1 a 4 0 2 2
Washington, D C , states that there IS immediate need for one hundred women trained for research m
in the fiist doubles match, and Armstrong and Stettnei will form
the second doubles team
PLtrich r tals
42 10 12 27 if 2
12 10 o 0 1 2 4 2 2 3 5 12 8 4 0 0 If 4 2 12 ^211
Placement Sciv.ee foi Women office Physics Theie will undoubtedly be
, „ , a need foi a thousand moie in the iviaicn
In the fiist match of this season,
by tomoiiow „
T..a.Bcai futnie There is a tremendous
off ! mo m fophmo to '^^ed for Women with couises in the Coach LaBiee’s squad took a 6 0 4 . fundamentals of radio Women are from Butler s Bulldogs at
IM Schedules
students who have completed
least two
wno nave compietea a* , , „ , , TortiamoolKs 440 4.4, or ooiiooo ...ovir Peedcd for work in connection with rBUianapoiis yeais of college with work , , u , u nlaved on w
radio locator in leseaich laboratoiios and in the development and
installation of ladio communication Butlei s heldhouse and aie camp
mg on the Bntlei indoor courts
research labor a- Pl^^^d on wooden gjm courts be
cause the Navy has taken ovei
The iollowing teams will pla^l
This match was baseball Wednesday evening at
• BUYER YELLS WREN BRIAR SMELLS —J//i Sajn the Sahsman is out of the dog house now'
“WHOA, DEARIE*” cliiiped the secietrfy "It’s just youi Stmko|i?/)r he didn’t like Piy his favorite Sir W liter Raleigh foi imld, Irigrant smoking — and success' ’
SCENT MAKES DOLLARS* Sam su Itched to this blend ol mildest bmlcjs and soon liis business \v IS booming Does yom
facilities
CIVIL SERVICE The U S Civil Service Commis Sion announces an examination for Junior Chemist ($2,000 a year) Requirements include a college de gice with 30 houib of chemistry Anyone interested should write im
Despite this disadvantage to both teams many promising rays ot hope toi a gieat Boilermaker team
this season weie uncoveied Ray Lueht pulled the fust sui
piise ot the m itch when ho defeated
Sclrumakei of Butlei 6 4 6 4 Schu
mediately to U S Ciyil Seivice makei has been numbei one man Commission, Washington, D C foi the Bulldogs foi three years
U S Ciyil Service Commission and dining this reign he has lost 10 Ward 8 vs Ward 3
announces Gaining tor student only a lew close battles, which
muses Applications must be on file speaks well for Lucht at M ashmgton, D C , not latci than Armstrong Wins
May 13 1912
4 15
Diamond
1 Tail Kappa Epsilon vs Kappa
Delta Rho
2 Iheta Tau vs Beta Sigma Psi 3 Phi Kappa Psi vs Delta Chi 1 Sigma Pi vs Tail Epsilon Phi 5 Delta Tau Delta vs Phr Gamma
Delta
6 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Theta Jti
7 Ward 27 vs Waid 23 8 Waid 28 vs Waid 32 9 Ward 21 vs Ward 5
All tiateinities who have not played then quota oi men m thA
Gus Aimstiong defeated Biit'ei’s Intei Fraternity Golf Tomnameot,
please see that your men are read^Sr to tee oft at 4 o'clock on WednesdklT
Ol Thursday evenings
U S Civil Service Commission up and coming sophomoie sensa announces an examination for tion Kitteiy in a toiiied nip and Junioi Stenographer ($ 1440 a tuck 6 3, 0-6, 6 4 battle Stettnei
year) and Junior Typist ($1,260 a ot the Boileimakeis also did his yeai) pait when he downed Butler s ping The Fraternity Hoi shoe caixis ar^ U S Civil Service Commission pong champion Johnny Neilan, 6 0 due in the Ititrarauial Office on ofteis tunning foi Junior Inspector- 6 1 Neilan is a sophomore and this Apiil 17 Please see that your ^aid liaineo Oidnancc Material, at $1, match Was his fust attempt in the is completed by that time
110 i vcai To qualify, women must collegiate tennis ciicles have had two yeais of college woik, Vwait Michigan Matcn including one year ol mathematics The match at Butler and the ap and one year of chemistiy or one pioaching match at Ball State are yen of physics picpaiatoiy matches foi the Mich
U S Civil Scivico announces cx
Cary Hall tennis matches will he scheduled foi Thursday evenmg |lt 1 00 o’clock on Courts 11, 12, LSk 14, 16 16 and 17 Please pl@n oh
igan meet which will be held on havmg your men on the courts At
immations foi Junioi Professional the Gold and Black courts on Sat this time Assistant ($2,000 a yeai) in the luday Apiil25 Mithig in holds the fields of public administiation, biisi Big Ten tennis title and then squad ness analysis economics, home eco this yeai is the same except foi one noniics, libiaiy science, mathemat man who was lost by giaduation ICS, as well as ioi positions as Hammett, r top ranking Big Ten chemists, engineers physicists, and peifoimei is niimbei one man foi
technologists Michigan
PAUL'S PLACE BEEF STEAK “ — BEEF-BARB-Q HOME MADE CHILI PORK TENDERLOIN FURNAS ICE CREAM Phone 2645 216 W. Columbia St. We Deliver
STUDENT HELP
WANTED
Complete board job available for ihe summer term 4 00 scholas-
tic index required Apply G O Arbuckle Cary Hall South
PROM HEADLINES io rlatter You and Captivate the Eds
Stunning new hair styles to qiake you sparkle for the big evening of gaiety. Youll rival the flowers your date sends. Let our experienced operators do the trick for you. * - LOEB'S BEAUTY SALONWr%>fS,ny ^ ?
*w*
[>fm»? ^ **’ i-r'' *■ ^ I 'Hh?* t '■' '
l%4^
mgsi
-f ^ ^ i*. ^ ' PurSue Exponent WeSn^ddy, Xprii Is, 19^ '
tdi
^University Men In Total ^X^ar^—A Bulletin
Elliott Quotes American Council On Education Report To: The students and members of the University Stuff concerned with Selective Service For your information and guidance I quote be low, excerpts from Bulletin No 24 issued by the American Council on rducatioh Edward C Elliott President
The increasing lendenci toward indiscriminate enlistment in the armed forces by college men and the social pressures seeming to cast aspersions on the ablebodied student who has not enlisted prompt ed the Committee on Military Affairs of the Na tional Committee on Education and Defense to prepare and unanimoiish adopt the following state ment “Shall I continue my ediicntion oi enlist’ ’ Eveiv college man teels the uigency of this question today To every high school boy it stands as a folk in the load already in sight befoie him No simple univeisal answei can be given to this question Eveiy student must face his own individual problem and find his own individuil answei thiough a scaiching appiaisal of the illeinative answeis to anothei question In what capacity c in I icndei the most effective seivice to the nation is this ciitical period ’’ • Three Courses Open Thiee couises of action aie ivailable to the college student he may volunteoi for the aimed loices, he may^ accept employment in a civilian occupation oi he may continue in pi ep a ation foi latei seivice mill taiy 01 otheiwise Many ot the blanches of service iie seeking vol unteeis among college trained men and offer oppoi tunities for volunteers to take officer training couises Several such opportunities also provide for the stu dent to continue in college until he completes his i e quiiements for a degiee The service fields which give the most definite assurance aie advanced ROTC Mol icine, Dentistry and Reserve Midshipmen training (V7) Others aie on a competitne basis and those volunteers not accepted are assigned to military duty IS enlisted men In most of such proposals there is included wisely a qualifying phrase specifvaig that the student volunteeis may continue then education unless the emergency requires call to active duty The volunteei mav to a large extent select the bi aneh of the service he desires—the Army Nivy Marine Corps or any one of several major units within them including the Coast Guard and othei such blanches He cannot, however volunteer for a specific aim or branch of service such as quaitcimaster corps or choose a specialraed function as thit ot bombardier for example Specific assignment will be made in the same manner as foi the individual who enters the armed forces through Selecti\e Seivice The student who volunteeis for training for possible officer status if successful will be eominissioned in the r ink and type of service indicated The second possible course is to iccept employment IS a civilian in some neccssny industry Ihc need for technical and scici tific personnel in industry is civ ihan employee-, in the rimed loicc ind in other „ov ei nmi nt c ip icities IS gi e itei thin the iviilable sup ply In consideiinf the tfiid possibility lemuning in college to continue one’s picpai ition until completed oi until inducted tbioi-,h Selective Seivice seveial l^iCtoi should be lioine in mind It is vitilly impoi lant to the nation—in 1 to the voild—tbit the United State. Ill unt'iin a continuous siqiply of highly ti lined iritn in all field-, neeess u y lo the n itioiul he iltli safe ty, and inteiest and to w u production Ibis i let his been i''eo,,M/ed Jioin the fust by Congie-.s ind by Selective Sei\ice thiough piovi ion foi oecupilionil deferment oi iiotentnlly neeessuy men in tiaining OI piepaiation foi neeessuy oeeupitions Since the deel^i ition of wn oeeup ition il deleimcnt his he come even moie essenti il On 4piil 21 Gencial Ileishey c unestly uiged eol lege and university men in the best interests of total wai to lemiin in training until e died by Selective Service Individual defer ment nny now be glinted to those en^iged in fields neeessuy foi w u pioduc tion and foi the w ii efloit Nineteen piolcssion il and techmeal field have been listed fo serious consider iitiori for deferment oi students ind other fields aie undei study to determine the sg lousncss of the pies ent or potential shoitige oi peisonnel Let it be re member ed that the individual who i. anted oeeup i tional defeiment is selected fo- deferment by his gov er nment He should leilize th it in the eoiitinuing of his ti lining and prep nation ho is rendeiing in the best judgment of his local Selective Seiviee boaid the moie effective and pitiiotie seivice He is ineieasing his ultiniite efleetivericss to serve in the national ef ioi t • Majorify Can Graduate A college ni in who legisteis now m i\ expect to 1 c between tv/enty year thiec month and twenty two yeais three months when c died foi induetion—more than half will be drove twenty one year oi ige By the present law a man legisteis duiing his twentieth year Thus the avei age of i egistrants is twenty ye ii s MX months It ta.es ibi ut three months to p epue the lists ioi induction Assuming quotas lemiin ap 1 roximately the ame it lequnes a yen to exh lust the lists tbiough induction ind this will me n from one to twelve additional months—an ivei igi ci ix With the present aecelc iat( d pro^iahi in the colleges the mijoiity of tu lents eir e implcte the icqci e iiients ioi the bachelor s legiif leloie b(in„ c died fox induction Finally oppoi tumlies ti piocuie ofbeei stitii'. uc available to cnlistid men PI ms now announced liy the Army e dl ic i the cbetion ovei the next ye ii of 75 000 men to be sent to Ollici is ( aiididati Schools Only Ihiee months mditaiy (xiieiicnee is lequued piioi to admission to such schrols Ihc oppoituiiity for the college trained man to become an officei thiough id vantmg iiom the lai ks oi the enlisted men is appiox rmately as gieat as in f,he competitive pi ins oftcied as an iiieiueeiineiit to voluiitee i ing Othei speeialmed schools in all nms of the seiv ei iie also iv iilable to enlisted men selected ioi '■uch liaiiiing No huigle faetor should undulv iiillueiiee a eol lege man’s decision fhere arc many complex fac tors lo be tarclully weighed not only in the light of mniediate needs and opportunilies hul also in the
light of the continuity of the life and experiences of the individual, of long range needs, and of the security and welfare of the nation • Selective Service Ihe Memorandum to all State Directors (I 405) dated March 16, 1942, regarding occupational deferment IS one of the most important issued by National Headquarters It IS written to meet the needs of the continually increasing emeigency and definitely formulates and clarifies the basic policy and purpose of Selective Service to allocate manpower Allocation implies selection—selection for military service and selection for defeiment—to maintain .an adequate sup ply of trained, qualified, or skilled men necessary for the yvar effort and wai productions The following analysis of the Memorandum, as IS affects colleges and universities has the concuirence of National Headquarters, Selective Service
System
1 The Memoiandum gives even gieatei emphasis than foimei Memoianda to the necessity of contin uing occupational classification foi men m tiaining and prepai ation The wording of the geneial aieas for which such tiaining is necessaiy icniains the same except that it lestiicts then application to “wai pio duction ’ and “wai effoit The lattei includes activ ities necessaiy to the national health safety and
moiale
2 The student will not be given consideiation foi dcfci ment on the giounds of being in training or piep ai ition until at oi neai the end of the second academic ycai and then only if he can show evidence of con tinning his tiaining oi piepaiation foi fields neces saiy to the wai pioduction oi vvai effoit and is en lolled in piofessionil tiaining oi foi fuithei spcciil izcd study 3 It will be necessaiy ioi colleges and univeisities officially to enioll students ioi the thud leidcmic you at 01 ncai the end of the ■sopbomoic ycai and to pi ovule evidence of continuous tiaining and pi ep aiation until such picpuitioii is completed 4 The length of tilnc lequiied loi training and piepaiation is not designated in the Memoiandum No diffcientiation is made between undei gi idu itc and giadiiate study and the loeil boaids may con tinue the defeiment of selected individuals ioi glad uate study if such fuilhei tiaining is neeessuy foi the wai effoit oi wai pioduction and is foi an ictiv ity which theie is a shortage of peisonnel 5 The phrase recognized college oi univeisity shall continue to be defined in the same m innei as in Paiagiaph 348 Volume I Selective Scivice Regu lations The teim college oi univcisity shall include only an idvanced educational institution which legulaily giants to students who have satisfactoiilv passed piesciibcd couises of instiuction degrees in the nits 01 sciences (such is undeigi aduate oi bach eloi s degiees oi mastei s cloctoi s piofessionil, oi othei advanced degieos) and any junioi college oi othei college which icgulaily gi ints to students cei tificatcs which iic accepted by such ulvanccd insti tutions IS 1 c edit toward such degiees 6 All jiicvious Memoianda icgaidiiig defeiment ol students in neeessuy fields lemain m lull (dice and eflcct until specifically superseded • Summer Session And Deferment Nation il Ilcadqu iitci =: his iiikd th B college stu dents who aic in ti iinin^ oi p op nation foi i neces saiy occupilion miy be dele icd even though they lie not itteiiding summe i sc sion p ovidid the icgis ti int IS employed in in icliv tv dining such pciiod which IS considcicd is fiithoi ti lining ind picpi i lion loi the ictivilv vvitli o jicct to which the ic is ti int IS in li 111 11 g Ol picji I ilion is i stiulcnt ind pioviicd iuiUiti the iciistiint is ictii illy cnioll i in the fill tiim 1 i the conliuuuici ol ti uinii uul ]i ep 11 ition • Right To Appeal Nation il He id()u u tc 1 s Mcnioi in li m (I )S)Miich 0 1042 ig iin emph isi/cs th( light (1 q pi ^ Iticid in p 111 as lollovvs N liioii il He idqiui (trs h is cmUiiui illy tailed iltciilion lo Ihc ncccssitv th it lot il bonds give lull consider itioii io rcoucsls for the occup ilional determent ot men cl limed to he netcssiry in wai production igiiculluit iiidolliei esse nli il i ivili in acliv ities Form For Assistance In Assignment To Service In Bullctii 14 Scptemhci 15 1941 ihcie vv is cn closed a iccommcndcd toim loi s. t intc in militiiy tlassific ifion Repoits indit itc th it this loi m when picpaied by the college ind given to the student oi ilumnus it the time oi his inductu n his pi oven o( de finite v iluc This foi 111 has now been revised in consultation with the cduc ition il idvisci to the Buieau oi Navi ,^itien N ivy Dopai tment ind w ith the Person il Pi o tcduies Section Adjutant Gcnei il s Office Mai Dc putnient Ihe military inel naval luthoiities iie cog 111/int ol the value of such form beaiing i hi lei but pccific locoid oi icaelcmic ind othei ti lining and ac ce mplishments of the man who cnteis the seivice liom i eolle,,e oi univcisity signed by the appiopii lie eolle.,e aiithoi itv Ihcy stiess espeei illy the use iulne s of i candid statement oi the aetiiil extent to which the man has demonstiated capacity foi leadci hip evidenced not solely by the holding of litulai of fice 111 exti acLii 1 leulai oi g ini/ations hut by ictuil peifoiinancc in such offices oi othoivvise Piitiy o( neg itive gvidenee is not desiied the positive evidence il any should be entered with ittention to leeuiaev ind without ex ig„ci ition The ioim should be piepiicd ind „ivin to the stu dent 01 ilumnus just jii oi Lo his ii duction into the -.eiviee Ihe selectee should keep it with his own pa pels lid piesent it to the ippiopiiate militi^y au thoi ities it ihe lime that ho is being consult led foi class fit itioii ind assignment It mav ilso be of litei u'-e in IC el issific ition oi assignments to speti ili/ed chools iml he should h ive it leluined lo him to 1 etp w ith him Ihe volunteei m ly piesent the foim at the leciuit ing station I oi the Navy this will be ol value lo those who dteue to enlist as petty offieeis in special cl issifieation ol naval leseive and who enlist in class cs th it piovide flaming Joi latei commissioning Ihe (1 issifieation offieeis it the reception eeiiteis and le ei uiinient oflieeis have been notified thiough militaiy eh innels tliat students ind alumni will have such loi ms with them Ihe colleges should use then own letteihead uid should m il e duplicates oJ the enclosed foi ill foi llieii oyvii use
• Correspondence Courses The Navy, Maiine Corps, Coast Guard, and the An Coips have foi seveial years conducted coiiospond ence courses For the most part, these have been elis tinctly training couises and have been icquned foi promotion The Navy cncouiages those who desire to do so, to enioll in a univcisity coirespondence course but docs not subsidize the student in whole oi in pait On April 1 1942 the U S Aimy thiough the Special Seivice Blanch initiated a new phase of coirespond cnee instiuction, unequaleel in the aimed foices The Couises must bo of value to the individual in his mill taiy seiviee The demant|s of the modern army make a wide lange of geneial and technical education cssen tion Specifically couises include high school Eng lish, English composition English and Ameiican lit eiature, modern foreign languages, mathematics gen eial science, physics, chemistiy biology geology and geography, woild histoiy, the histoiy of courttiies af fected by the piesent war civics government eco nomic sociology psychology, statistics, health ind vocational technical, and piofessional woik diicctly 1 elated to militaiy activities All couises are offeied thiough the newly cieited Army Institute which will be located at Madison Wis consin Two types of couises aie available (1) coins es foi college ciedit in which the soldiei may enioll thiough the Institute foi any course offeied by any oi the 79 appioved colleges and universities offeiing coi lespondence instruction The Aimy will pay half oi the total cost of tuition and textbooks up to a totil of ^20 00 pci man pei com so (2) The Institute will itself oftei an extensive list of courses which will be available to all enlisted men iiee except foi the pay ment oi i 'P2 00 legistiation fee To initiate the Insti tute selected couise matemls have been puichascd and a conliact enteied into with the Umveisity of Wisconsin to supply instiuction As speedily as possi hie couises will bo piepaied specifically foi the In stitute thiough a Special Committee of the Subeom mittce on Educ ition ot the Joint famy and N ivy Committee on Wclfaie and Reeieation financed thiough the Speci il Soivices Blanch oi the Aimy As fni as consistent with educational standaids the couises will be developed on a sell teaching basis for use of men in the hises and lest aieas back of the lines ot combit Eoi fuithei infoimation address Col onel William R Young Commandant Aimv Insti tute Madison Wisconsin Fianeis T Spuilding Dean ol the School ol Educa tion of Haivud Univeisity has accepted appoint ment as Lieutenant Colonel and is Hoad ol the Educa tion Section of the Special Services Blanch U S Aimy His addiess is Tempoiaiy Building i 23id and D sts N W W ishington D C • Relation Of Services To ROTC The following si itemcnt ol policy has been pio paicd in consultalioii with the appiopiiite offiei ils of the Aimy ind N ivv ind his been ippioied by
them
Any student enhsling in the N ivy \ 1 oi the AI nine Coips Enlisted Re ei^xe in inielivo latiis s not tli gible loi ROrC hut it (he instituLion itquiios two yeais of basic ROTC I i ..du ilu i such \ ivv oi
Marine Enlisted Reserve man in inactive status may be permitted to take the basic ROTC ti aiming in the college without expense to the Government and out side the quota established by the Wai, Dept foi such
institution
Students in colleges having a lequirement of two years basic ROTC training and not selected for ad vanced ROTC will bo per nutted to volunteei for the Navy VI after the piofessoi of Military Science and Tactics has selected the individuals to meet the quota foi the advanced ROTC but beloie March 1, of the second calendar year after the student’s admission as a freshman • Occupational Questionnaire Within the next few weeks National Ileadquaitors. Selective Service System will distiibute to all local boaids an Occupational Questionnaiie (DSS Poim 311) It will be mailed by the local board to all legis tiants of the thud registration and latei, to those oi the fiist and second legistiations except those in the aimed forces The expiessed puiposc of the invenloiy is “to oh tain infoimation on the piesent employment oi ae tivities of legistiants and on then othei skills oi abil ities The data gathered will seive as an important lid in aehieveing a moie complete and efficient until ization of the manpower of the country in connection with the wai pioduction piogiam outlined by the
Piesident
• New Civilian Specialist Course Cieated by a recent Executive Oidei and headed by Dwight r Davis the Civilian Specialist Coips is now being oiganizedfoi the puipose of making avail able to the vaiious branches of the Aimy a gieat variety of special talents possessed by civilians who aie not by reason of ago oi slight physical defects eligible ioi active service is commissioned offieeis in the aimed foices The Civilian Specialist Coips has i foim on which applicants c in list then speeial abili ties, and will assemble i lostoi of sueh individuils Eiom this lostei it will ittempt to fill leqinsiLions Joi specialized peisonnel needed by all bianehes of the Aimj Men above the age of liability foi Selective Seivice aie eligible foi this seivice ind it is also cei tain that speei il talents possessed bj youngei men now in univeisities oi locent gi iduates tlieieof will be in demand but at piesent the only class ot men within the ages of liability foi Selective Seiviee who eaii positively be slid to be eligible foi the Civilian Specialist Coips, Wai Depaitment Washington D C • CRT Expansion Impoitant ch urges in the conduct of Civil Pilot Training undei the Civil Aeionauties Administiation are now in pioeess of being woiked out foi the pin pose oi making this tiaining a moie impoitant feeclei foi the Aimy An Coips The CAA will nndcitike to double the number of its ti iinecs giving its elemen tuv couise m II e fntiiic to 45 000 students pei ycai and secondary ti lining to 30 000 students pei yeai in addition to iindoi liking the new letivity of tiain ing gioiind tochnici ms The new jiiogi im is expected lo be undei way within i month (See W u Strvice Oppoitinntios Much 24 senes) Single sets ol W^ ii Seivice Oppoi tunities (rtbiu
ary through June 30, 1942’ can be obtained fiom the Council office for ■5200 each This price applies for any number up to ten From ten to twenty four sets will be $1 60 each, and twenty five or more sets may be
obtained foi $1 00 each
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Main St Lafayctta
LEARN THE LATE DANCES BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS WED., APRIL 15,7:00 P. M. Phone 2150 CLASS EVENLY DIVIDED OF LADIES AND GENTLEMEN ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
New under-arm Cream Deodorant' safely Stops Perspiration
1 Does not rot dresses or men s shirts Docs not irritate skin 2 No waiting to dry Can be used right after sliav ng I Instantly stops perspiration for I to 3 days Removts odor from perspiration ■4 A port white greascless stainless vanishing cream 3 Aird las bttn awarded the Appioval Seal of the American Insti ti te of Laundering for being liarmiiss to fabrics Arrid IS the LARGEST SELLING DEODORANT Try a Jar todayl AERID 39c ^ Htoreq selling toilet goode (ilso in lOc and 59c jars)
Buy Defense Bonds And Stamps
Score a permanent hit in
That exclusive Van Heusen shirt-collar sets you down as a man of good grooming—it never wilts or musses, never gives you neckline-nerves It takes punishment, too—comes out of each laundenng as smart as new And the shirt itself lives up to that collar, every way! Extra fine whites or good looking new
patterns.,. a// approved by
American Institute oi Laundering and Sanfonzed-shrunk,
»2-
25
Men’s Shop — Stieel Floor
Tasty Dishes That Would Make The Most Exclusive Chefs Envious Food Prepared That Good Old-Fashioned Way at the CAFETERIA JhiL (pju/idusL ^YyisumfuaL lAmoiv The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities