\
Ssrablithed 1889
■BW
Volume^ 54r«^o.^ 35
To Hold
C^ll-Out Friday Advertising, Sports Staff Seek Freshman, Sophomore Workers Advertising and sports staffs of the Exponent, their personnel diminished somewhat this summer by hot weather and vacancies caused^ by vacationing staff members, are issuing call-outs for interested freshmen and sophomores this Friday at 4 p. m. Sports editors will explain the functionings of their department in the Exponent’s sports office, room 101 of the Fieldhouse, and the advertising staff will meet candi-
dates in room 303 of the Union.
Opportunities for junior and senior jobs on the paper will , ... it. -j • 4- „ ^ ^ T n will stop at 11 a. m. this Friday morning for a war cohvoca-
be open to students applying at this time. Exponent po icy for featuring an address by President Edward C. Elliott, to
the duration of the University’s twelve-month schedule of held in the Hall of Music.
West* Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, July 29, T942
^r^siileiii' ^ill f)|$cus« Student^s ik th’i'W'lr; ClMes To-be Oismiseed
Airdasses will fee di^niissed and hll activities in tfee Union
Miller Plans Peerice Presents Ambulance Concert Friday
holding elections at the end' of each semester makes it possible for irregular students, as well as those going straight through, to have a chance at
the elected positions.
The sports staff has had its man-power seriously depleted during the past semester by thfi withdrawal of two of its four junior editors. Only a limited nurpb^r of sophomores are on hand ]to make a bid for the junior jobs at
the end of the fall semester. Sports Writers Tr^iVel
Sports sophomores and freshmen
are given opportunities to cover orchestra will prevail on the inter-collegiate as well as intra- campus Friday night, August mural athletic contests. They are in 14^ when the nationally-recog-constant contact with University fjj^ed orchestra will appear 4r?.hrsc£r convocation o t j.. i-uoi-the Music Hall before pro-
Sports editors say that no experi- ... ^
ence is necessary for work on the Vlding musiC for Cary Club
stalS, but dependability and iinagi- summer formal.
Squadron
^ i
Squad To Handle Any War Disaster
Les Brown Will Play August 14 Band Will Appear At Convo, Dance Music of Les Brown and his
President Elliott will fly from Washington Thursday in or
der to speak at the convocation, and will return Sunday morn- sighted wartime policy of the Uni ing to his duties as head of the man power commission in versity, Dr.^Miiler, toector^of the
charge of professional and
technical training.
His topic for the convocation will be “The Students’ Part in the War”. President Elliott will try to help students decide whether their value upon graduation will be greater in the field of industry or
in the enlisted reserves.
Ralph Deuster, president of the Student War Council, will intioduce President Elliott. Albert P. Stewart will direct the Men’s Glee Club in two numbers and will lead
New University Grading System
to Begin Next Term
01^1 H Replaced By Lower Grade
Acting right in line with the far
University Student Health Service, announced plans yesterday afternoon whereby an ambulance squadron will be organized to cope with any major disaster such as a bombing attack which would come to the
University.
Plans for the squadron call for five ambulances, headquarters in the Student Health Offices in the Administration building, and ten or more squads of volunteers acquainted with first aid practices. All plans for the new move have not been
Arrangements have been completed by the Cary Club for the Music Hall program to be free to all students and members of the faculty. Sailors now stationed at the Halls
nation have, in the past, pi oven to
be definite assets.
Ad Staff Offers Challenge Work on the advertising staff
offers a challenge to applicants due to the fact that many newspapers are finding difficulty in solicting
advertising because of wartime cur- will be the guests of honor and will tailment of expenditures. sit in a special reserved section. Therefore, the advertising staff ■
needs freshmen and sophomores who' can use imagination and ingenuity in promofing novel and remunerative ideas to sell space to
merchants.
Work Gives Business Training Woik will consist of drawing and selling ads, and some experience may be acquired in layout work. Members of this staff say that their activities provide an excellent opportunity to gam knowledge of business management and pi emo-
tion woik.
Pharmacists Hear Lyman At Two Day History Smuimar
Approximately fifty persons attended each session of the American Institute of the History of Pharmacy seminars, which were held
Monday and yesterday at the Uni- convocation,
versity. Most of the persons attend-
group singing. Simplified Program The War Council will not appear on the stage, and the entiie piogram has been simplified in accordance with its main purpose: to hear President Elliott. Students in the Army and Navy training schools here are invited to attend the convocation. False Village To Be Bombed Friday Night “Skeleton Village,” directly north
As specified in the most recent worked out yet, but Mr. Hamilton, edition of the University “Rules and superintendent of the physical Regulations” booklet, the grading plant, has offered to acquire the system which will go into effect at necessary trucks and furnish the end of next semester has been drivers,
altered slightly by dismissal of the H grade, corresponding to 6.5. A
grade of 6 will be substituted in its Present occupation of Dr. Miller
is in registering the necessary per-
This ’chance in the cradinc svs- sonnel to compose the fiist aid ^
tern, according to ProLssor R. B. squads. All qualified students and radio. Will present a concert on Friday, August 7 at 7:30 in Stone, Registrar, has been brought especially members of the staff are the Music Hall as another in the series of summer convocaabout’by difficulties encountered in *0 register immediately in tions. The concert was originally scheduled for this Friday, transferring students’ grades to this new piogram so that additional according to Prof. J. T. Dunn, chairman of the COnvocaother schools, and by varying inter- Plans will not be delayed. committee, the date was advanced one week in order to pretation of the H grade by in- At thp head of each squad will permit I’eerce to sing at the Philadelphia Dell.
L o/^norl rtorvTQin Tirnncsa HilTxr ir * -
iJan Peerce, well known tenor of opera, concert, stage and
structors in the University. Over 3 Percent Top Grades Professor Stone stated his belief
be a squad captain whose duty it , will be to contact each of the other ^^gan his mudicaL career while still in grade school members in case of a disaster. The when his mother scraped together a weekly half-dollar to
ing were pharmacy staff members
of the Ross-Ade Stadium, will be bombed Friday night as a feature of the Industrial Protection School and the Civilian Defense Protection School. Parking facilities for the general public will be available in the football parking lot directly
north of the Ross-Ade stadium. Eight States Represented
Fifty-ei^ht civilian defense leadeis from eight states enrolled in the fourth War Depaitment Civilian Protection School which opened here on Monday and will continue through next Wednesday. The school is one in a series of ten day comprehensive curricula which covei all phases of civilian defense. The following enrollment by states has been released by Lt. Col.
W. A. Johnston, of the Chemical
' -ui j. T, , Waifare Seivice, director of the goUege graduates and seniors who The event lesponsible for Browns training programs: Hli- will finish their courses by Septemipeaiance heie, the Cary Club twenty; Indiana, ten; Ohio, ber 30,1942.Thesejobsareinimsummer formal, will be held in both Michigan, seven; West Vir- activities, it was an-
ginia, six; Kentucky, three; Wiscon- nounced by the Civil Service Comsin, two, and South Dakota, one. mission; and applications must be Protection School Starts Friday the Commission in Wasl;iIndustrial protection officers of c., by August 27. Forms
that more 6 grades would be given normal loutine of living of each than the 2 or 3 per cent of H grades member of the first aid group will normally issued. not be disturbed in anyway except The revised rating system as that during the designated time stated in “Rules and Regulations,” each will stand ready for call,
follows:
Crew To Cover Community Besides standing guard for care
of students in the advent of a disaster, the ambulance crew, once organized, will be able to cover any eineigency that may happen in the
Les Brown
balliooms of the Union following
6—Excellent, to be awarded for unusually high achievement. 5—Good. 4—Fair. 3—Passing in minimal objectives
only.
(See GRADES, page 4)
Civil Service Offers Imporfant War Jobs To College Graduates Positions paying up to $2,000 a year are being offered by the United
States Civil Service Commission to hours of 8 a. m. to 4 p. m. any day
the week and Saturday until
Stewart ToLead Group Singing At Song Fest
provide him with violin lessons. He soon made good use of his violin^ training and formed a small jazz band. After working his waythrough college and medical school by playing in dance orchestras and singing the vocal
will be the urge to sing con-
quei'ed ail else and he left school
“This Is My Country^’
,. ^ , the theme of the tenth annual sum-
entire community, keeping in mind Saturday might at 8 ‘^^vote bis time to training his
that the proximity of the aluminum ,, Designated as
the War On the Weber and Fields ^tieth
Council, the program will feature anniversary, celebrated at the Fo-
piogiam IS p anne o re leve e Glee Club and A1 Stewait lead- tel Astor main ballioom, Peerce ospi a s o inuc 1 o e conges ion gj gipbe songfest will was playing and singing in the or-
emergency, a strictly ^informal in style, and chestia. Samuel “Roxy” Hothafel,
+ ^ ^ no admission will be charged. who was in the audience, heard
to the Student Health Offices to be ^
Smith To ^ing ®
Marvin Smith, tenor soloist v/ith
factory may slate Lafayette as „ t-, ^ w V, rnu i, 1 Victory Song Fest
military objective. The ambulance „
treated.
Dr. Miller will register all inter
ested persons who wish to volunteer Glee Club, will make his final mmute, Peerce
him a pait in the opening of the Radio City Music Hall. At the last
in the elfoit in his office duimg the
Orchestra Rated High
with a discussion on courses
pharmacy in colleges as listed in the stress, along with
Underclassmen May Join Naval Reserve Through Army Corps
and graduate students in pharmacy, ' Brown’s orchestra, which has re- ,
with some visitors and outside pbar- cently been voted one of the coun- Indiana will meet here for a two day obtained at first and second raacy men also attending. ^ country-wide poll school on Friday and Saturday to p^g^ offices. The first day’s sessions started of ladio editors, features Betty study such topics as incendiary ex- junior Professional Assistants
of Ronney, eighteen-yeai-old song- ercises and demonstrations, bomb- examinations which measure aptj“Butch” Stone mg effects on buildings and per- and general knowledge, must ^ ..v,.....,,....
catalogs by Prof. C. 0. Lee, of the handling the band’s novelty num- sonnel, methods of fingerprinting passed before appji,cants wijl fe- j^g enter the Naval Reserve are University pharmacy staff. Follow- bers. apd preservation of evidence, war eligible lating. There is no authorized to be enlisted in the
blackout and camouflage, Army Enlisted Reserve Corps unpatrol problems, searches pr indi- p^3iness, Math Training Wanted assigned if they meet Naval revjduals and areas, and war traffic ^ ;^o options are spefiified,, although qun-ements. After their completion
control and car conservation.
Freshmen and sophomores desir-
ing his discussion, Rufus A. Lyman dean of pharmacy at the Univeisity of Nebiaska at Lincoln, gave an outline for the “Ilistoiy, Literature
and Ethics of Pharmacy.” Mexicans Contribute Drugs
Bertha Baron then talked on Mexico’s contributions to American
The orchestra has developed its leputation thiough its stays at the Blackhawk in Chicago, 4he Log Cabin in Armong, New Yoik, the Brunswick Hotel in Bo.ston, the.Arcadia Ballioom in New Yoik, and
Mike Todd’s in Chicago.
Brown’s last appearance here was
phaimacy. In her talk Miss Baron ^ regular Union Mixer early
named several different diugs which the Mexicans have given to
the American pharmacists.
Dr. George Urdang, director of the school, spoke on several topiqs during the two day seminar. His first topic was “Pharmacy in Ancient Babylpn, Assyria, Palestine and Egypt.” The second day Urdang spoke on the “Ancient Greeks and Their Phaimacy.” Ho also talked about the outstanding contributions to the pharmacy woild made by
Carl Wilhelm Scheele.
Sears Evaluates Scientific Methods
last tall when he diew a near ca-
pacity house.
USO Postpones Campus Salvage Collection Drive Due to the absence of the West Lafayette Boy Scouts, the majority of whom aio now attendmg the Scout camp, the USO campus sal-
University Stallion
Wins National Percheron Title
qualified persons nre particularly the required Basic Military desired in the fields qf business and Ti-aining, such students will be dis-
appearance at the University at this Eongfest. Smith is expected to be called for duty in the Army Air Corps in the immediate future Stewart will lead the audience in singing both patriotic and popular songs, including “Pon’t Sit Under the Apple Tree,” “Bicycle Built For Two,” “Johnny Doughboy,” “My Bonnie Lies Over the Ocean,” “Home on the Range,” “God Blfess America” and “Ameiica the Beauti-
ful.”
Speech OassTfi Offer
Play By Wood
Purdue Players will witness a play written by Caiolyn Wood and
s song was can-
celed; but befoie much time went by Peerce was under contract to (See PEERCE, page 4)
Screen fteviw To Present Movies Tomorrow
Screen Review, weekly showing of movie shorts, will present the following ifrogram tomorrow afternoon in the Music Hall; “Midnight Snack,” a cartoon, 3:00, 4:26 and 6:40; “News of the day,” 3:08 and 4:33; “India at War,” a March of Time feature, 3:17 and 4:42; “Klitchen Quiz No. 2,” 3:36 and 6:01; “World of Sound,” 3:46 and 6:11;
... . *, ■ j. . (jiav vvritt'Cii uy \jc%njkyii uuu aiiu **Snow Dogs,” a Sportlight feature, public adnpnistration, economic^, cjiarggcj upon their request in order v.i joccjc oa <io m • *1. i.Kvnv,, or-iorTpA ctn'tUiipc. and math at aa a Y a presented by a speech class,under 8:66 and 6:20; “Spare Time in the t L ? I m f’ the direction of Dr. Ken Carmichael Army,” 4:06 and 6:30; and “Patrig,ble ratw in the lest Jun,» i„'Le T.TnrflS llet f,'®'”'**’ > Conimumty Su.g, at Professional Assistant exam need ^ oj.y f full information. morrow night. This is the first play j ^ not apply as appointments will be ^ ever to be written by a University Passports are required for ad-
made from both Jiefg established. Students in the advanced ROTC student and presented on the cam- miaaion to the convo. Don Again, stallion owned by ThOiUgb mo?t of tb® iPpsitions longer be discharged for the pus.
Lynnwood Fatm of Carmel, Ind., ^pen pgy $2,000,, in some classy purpose of entering the Navy. Such if ig hoped by the cast that the has just been named Premier Perch- vacancies exigt which pay fiopi students as are de^ed by the Navy production will be successful enough
'^he other speakers for the two '’yon the winnings of his davs were Dr C L Porter, who scheduled for next Saturday has progeny at all the large Percheron spoke on early'Cr^ek botanists and shows throughout the United their early contributions to cata- campus drive will include States. Heretofore, the award has loguing; Dr. T.ouis M. Sears, who salvage from fraternities, sorori- gone to the stallion who gained the
epon Sire for 1941. Since Lynnwood jpi^do to $1,800 and these will b® ‘Xrnoed'^romS of'^thlf ROTC warrant its distribution throughFarm was given recently to the Uni- fdied by people willing to accept the advanced course of the ROTC ..a versity by its former owner, Charles lawer Juries. Appointees will per- transferred to the Navy out the country to be presented by J. Lynn, Don Again is now the fo^m professional, ^jibprofessional, consent of both similar groups,
property of the University. Don Again has won this distinction before, but this is the first time that any Percheron staUiqn has gained this national distinction
technical or cler'ical .work in connection wijth various governmental war
activities.
Ross Remains jri Critical tdndition
Alpha Zeta To Hold Smoker Tonight
Coed Archers To Compete Today
Women’s all - campus archery
Alpha Zeta, agricultural honor- tournament ^il be held from 4:15
ary fraternity, will hold an initia- to 6:30 this ailer
To Address
AlChFTogiglit 417:30 Guest speaker at the meeting of AIChE to be held in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building tonight at 7:30 will be Lt. Co^ W. A. Johnston, head of the Civilian Pro-
tection School.
Colonel Johnston will speak on “War Gases and Incendiaries,” and
ernoon at the archery after the address will discuss any
niomiocori riiA nlnpA nf Ihe scientific ties, residence halls, co-op houses greatest number of points at the board of’trustees, remgbis m a crit- • . . n v, i, ^ au . . discussed the place ot tne scienunc . ; _ t ,• i.„i ju; rr w„cr.n„i 7:30. instiuctor, will be m charge of the also show a film on incendiary pro-
DWfd^te. Rois, president of tire t*®" smoker in the West Faculty lange adjoining the women’s tennis questions those attending the meet ’ Lounge of the Union tonight at courts. Mary Alice'Trox©ll, student ing may wish to bring up. He will threenerarhistm^^ and other campus buildings. The International Live Stock Exposi- leal condition at the B,ome Hospital,
S e ProrF D Stoll ^ residents of the buildings from tion. accorijing, to pfircial fOPort?, Dick Dilts will deliver the speech meet on the history of the Louisville Col- which salvage will be collected will Of the five different stallions who Seripusly ili„fQr J^W® than two welcoming pledges int^ the fra- The
leee of Pharmacy and Dr. C. J. Zu- leceive letters explaining the types have claimed the award since it was weeks, Ross was removed to the ternity, fall wbn qnoke on the role of bio- of salvage which will be of value, inaugurated in 1928, the breeding hospital last Thursday from his speak ii
.orrmAqi qi.Klipq teachinu the The date that collection will take of all but one of them appears in home after his condition had be- Reed will make the main address 30, and 40 yards. The match will er of chemistry at LmdWoom history of pharmacy. place will be announced later. the pedigree of Don Again. come critical. of the evening. be open to all coeds. nical High School in Chicago.
tection and war gas protection.
tourney will be a junior Before being called to active duty
and George Duffy will Columbia round, consisting of a a year and a half ago, Johnston was his speak in behalf of the pledges. Dean total of 72 ariows, 24 each from 29, a reseerve officer. He was a teach'*Exponent Emtoriat Page ' Wednesday, juiy'29,1942
I'A'Ii 5
llte^: lfT#>
Purdue Exponent OffiG«^: Editorial and Businoss, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
^idilbr-in-Cliicf Newf? Kdilor ... Xtantiffing Editor Sportfl Editor Dustnoss Mnnagrcr CirctilaJion Mancjjcr . Coed Editor
: John F. Amo Don T. Brophj ..John H. Armstroni Robert L. Hadlej .. ..William D. Millan Ken K. Gjemn Alice Chatfielc
PublicaHon St^aff ^ Associate Editors Edftorinl Staff; R. W. Boswinkle, D. E. Bute, W. G. Hoskins. A. P. Iliuitev, D. W. Ochiltree, W. E. Rafert. Sports Staff; 1). E, Brewer, J. S. Dawson, E. L. Karpick. . Coed Staff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer. Business Staff Coed Business Managej; Julia Mantin. . . Advertising Managers: J. M. Wright, D, L. Johnsou* Circulation Manager : G. H. Klouman. Accounts Manager: Trena Torrenga. Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
Staff For This Issue Ki"hi Editor; Ochiltree Issue Editor: Freyman Or.y Editor: Beall Sports Editor: Brewei Roperters: Miller, Kimball, Vegh, Gaylord, Fawcett, Jordan, Shii)nof:ki.
Entered as second class matter at the post office-in-Lafay-ette. Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, am ct the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 Rct of October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Publishei ch Wednesday, Friday and Sunday mornings during the sum nn r .^emer,i( r and daily except Monday during the . fall an-wintr-r .-^-f inr^-ters. 'Delivered locally by carrier for $1.2B £6 fnin'im- r j-'erneKt'-r; mailed subscription $1.50. Ropre:'C‘nted fur national advertising by National Advertis .inp: S'.rvi'e, Ino., College Publishers Representatives, 42( Maflison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Post Office Asks I GRIN AND BEAR IT Cooperation
By Liclily
The Mail Must Go Through. . . In today’s paper we are publishing a letter from Professor Hockema concerning the poor cooperation given the Post Office Special Delivery Department by student groups. If such conditions exist they should certainly he remedied immediately. Personally we’ve never seen anything of the sort but liiaybe that is because we have no doorbell at our fraternity house. It is easy to see how a condition of this sort would be aggravated ■this summer by the limited number of freshmen and the decreased inertia hot weather causes. On the other hand we are inclined to beUeve some of this non-cooperativeness stems directly from the Post Office itself. We used to. get our home town paper sent hei’e. It was mailed from Cleveland every night at the same time (we checked on it). Sometimes it would arrive the next day; sorneLimes the day after that, and in many distances not until the third day after it was mailed. Many times we went to the Post Office and picked up papers of three days at the same time. Then we remember vividly during our freshman year when it took a full week for a LUX to get 350 miles from Cleveland, here. It \yas mailed on Saturday of the week before Prom. Tuesday we received a letter from the tailor telling that he had sent it. Wednesday we called up the Post Office. Thursday we went across town to the Post Office where we were told that they didn’t have time to look through all their packages for ours. Thurs'day night we called the tailor long distance to tell him what we thought of people who V.u’Gte things they didn’t do. Friday we called the Post Office again and then rented a tux. Saturday morning bright and early the tux arrived. It was postmarked from Cleveland at 10 p. m. Saturday. It was marked for .special handling. There was no stamp on the wrapping staying that it had been missent or anything. We were rather upset. We called the Post Office to see if they had an explanation. After having been shifted from man to man over the telephone we were finally connected with a fellow who said that if we cared to wrap up the package and bring it over as it was when we got it, he’d see if he could find where it had been. “I don’t see what good it’ll do you though,” he added. Thc.ye are only a couple of the experiences -that we’ve had. We could tell of others we’ve %eard but they would only be hearsay.
Complaints have been registered in this office by Post Office Inspectors about certain students who are not cooperating with the Lafayette Post Office relative to special deliveries. I quote below, for your information and guidance, excerpts of a letter from the Post Office Department, date July 18, 1942: “The Lafayette Post Office has experienced great difficulty in delivering special delivery matter to students of Purdue University. The upperclassmen require, the Freshmen to sign for the mail, and even though an upperclassmen answers the door it is necessary for the carrier to wait until a Freshman comes to sign for the mail. This, of course, results in unreasonable and avoidable delay to the carrier. At times, the special delivery messengers state they ring the bell and even though someone is in plain view of the door they refuse to answer the bell and call to the carrier to just put the mail inside the door. “These conditions appear to warrant consideration to authorizing the Postmaster to cause such matter to be returned to the post office to be held until called for. However, this is a drastjc measure and such authorization will not be sought until it is clearly shown that the students will not cooperate in such manner as to make consideration of the step unnecessary.” After a conference with Messrs. Dale W. Rains and R. O, Sealy, Post Office Inspectors, I have been assured that we will be privileged to enjoy the present efficient special delivery service, with the understanding that the students give fjull cooperation. It is the patriotic duty of each of us to lend a hand in vthis all-important program of conservation of time and money. Your cooperation will be appreciated. Assistant to the President Frank C. Hockema,
The Summer Ratio, . .. to
“This was production is serious business. When the boss asked me to stay and work overtime, I never dreamed we’d go right
on making planes!”
University Calendar Wednesday, July 29
SUMMER DREARINESS ... CORN TASSLING AT MIDNIGHT . . . LOVE TIME . . .'Oh for the life of Riley . . . PROM is over . . . headaches . . . back to a coed . . . import memories . . . classes . . . glasses . . . beverages ... another week-end coming up. SEEN DURING THE EVENING OF PROM “Little man” Hollensbe and his gang of ticket gatherers grabby and crabby as ever . . . most of the prom-goers at the “annex”—BLAZER to you . . . couples asleep everywhere . . . the chaperones the only ones awake. . . . Someone was seen ploddingover the golf course at 3 a. m. with a flashlight. Were they looking for the nineteenth hole ?
A NEW VIEWPOINT It isn’t the girl that counts so much, it’s what stands for.
■he
WE GOT PINS THAT DINGLE DANGLE DINGLE . . . (Tune::: U-No-what!) “Dingier” Nedra Ann Pierce, Alpha Chi, took her second pin at Purdue. This time it is Fi Delt dangler, Gene Katterjohn who has the honors . . . Dangler Frank Gray, Kappa Delta Rho, went to Cleveland last week-end to dangle his pin on Chi O Janie Anderson. Train arrived 2:15 a. m., pin out at 2:30 a. m. Determination, isn’t it ? . . . Vercoe Jones, Sigma Nu, dangled his pin on dingier Dotty Jackson.
6:0,0 P.M; 7:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
7:00 A.M. 2:30 P.M. 3.00 P.M. 6:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
7:00 A.M. 11:00 A.M. 4:00 P.M. 4:30 P.M.
Civil Engineering Staff Dinner Old Che.stnut Rm., Union First Aid Class i ....Room 305, Union Christian Fellowship Meeting Room 307, Union Marriage Course Rooms 302, 304, Union University Club Bridge Group E. Faculty Lge., Union Alpha Zeta Smoker :. . .... .W. Faculty Lge., Union A.I.Ch.E. Meteing- (Open)................Room 129, EE Building ^ Thursday, july 30 Industrial Protection School North Ballroom, Union Tea and Reception ..E. Faculty Lge., Union Screen Review .Hall of Music Delta Rho Eappa Meeting .; ..Room 334, Union Tau Kappa Alpha Debate Eliza Fowler Hall Pi Tau Sigma Informal Initiation;.201 Russell St., W. L.
Friday, July 31
Industrial Protection School North Ballroom, Union Convocation—^Dr. E. C. Elliott.. Hall of Music Purdue Order of Zouaves, Picnic.... Cosmopolitan Club ..Room 304, Union
Canners, Fieldmen . Meet Here For Annual Tomato Field Day Inspection of tomato research work underway at the University and a round-table discussion of common tomato production problems featured the annual tomato field day held here yestei’day and attended by nearly fifty cannerfieldmen from all of the tomato produejng sections of Indiana. The discussions revealed that the Hoosier growers would be able to meet the federal government’s request for 6,000,006 ca.ses of Canned tomatoes this season, although the fieldmen indicated some Indiana tomato fields are suffering from various diseases and nutritional
difficulties.
Staff Report On Research University staff botanists, plant breeders, horticulturists and other specialists reported on the progress of their research dealing with fertilized tomato plants inoculated with septoria leaf spot, fusarium wilt resistant breeding work, southern grown plant studies, tomato plant fertilization andj length of storage, variety tests with 16 Indiana tomatoes and 45 varieties from various sections of the nation, including eight varieties for the northern Indiana hybrids. Roscoe Fraser, University extension tomato specialist, was in charge of the program for the oneday short-course. / Speech 14 Students Demonstrate 'Job Applying' At Convo Business project speeches were demonstrated by five students chosen from Speech 14 classes at a convocation held in Fowler Hall last night. All Speech 14 students were required to attend the convocation, which replaced a class meet-
ing- . i .
Speakers wore Bill Paisley, Jeanne Fountaine, Donald Lucas, W. P. Simpson and T. F. (/Montgomery. These students pro.scntod. hypothetical problem , busino.ss Speeches, which were selected as the best in the Speech 14 classe.s. Prof. Artbr Albert
U. S. War Prisopersi i Need Musical, Athletic Bquiprtient Appealing for all forms of athletic equipment which will be sent to United Nation’s soldiers and sailors who ate being held as prisoners-of-war in the, far east, the Lafayette branch of the YMCA is continuing
their local drive.
According to the YMCA bulletin, the equipment will be sent on a neutral relief ship expected to sail from a West Coast port this summer. This ship is sponsored by the World Alliance of. YWCA’s and has been assured of the confidence of all the belligerent nations in the course of delivering its cargo. ' Musical Instruments Needed Baseballs, bats, gloves, masks, suits and other baseball equipment will be appreciated. Musical instruments of all makes, and varieties
are in demand.
' Equipment donated need not be new, but it is stressed that the equipment be in usable condition. This campaign is not for the purpose of salvage, but rather an appeal for materials that will be of immediate use to the war prisoners. It -would be impossible to make extensive repairs to thousands of pieces of athletic equipment and
musical instruments.
ACCIDENTS HELP THE AXIS
GOOD PRINTING ' at PAINLESS PRICES More Style for Less Money Kane's Print Shop
401 S. 29th St.
Phone 520S
DAFFYNITIONS Pole Vault: Bank of Warsaw. Neckerchief: the president of a sorority. Syntax: Monetary penance. Fret: A male sorority. 'Tread: That which home engineei-s sew with
Ruth Frier, “I’ll-never-take-another-man-to-a-dance-again-girl”, certainly came through with a red blush the other, evening at prom when she found out that her date had her comp. The funny part was that she thought her boss, Ken Gossit, had given her comp to someone else, and she understood her date had to buy a full priced ticket. Said her date: “You’ve taken me to enough dances, now I’ll take you to one.” Gallant, huh? Especially when he takes her with her prom comp.
Carmichael Receives PhD At Minnesota After spending over three years on research. Prof. H. Kenn Carmichael of the Speech depariment, director of Playshop, received his. Doctor of Philosophy degree in speech and theater last Thursday at the University of Minnesota commencement ceremonies. The three yehrs of study included one year and two summer sessions on the Minnesota campus. His thesis, “The Best Representative Short Plays in the United States—1900 to , 1940,” is beingmade ready for publication in theater and speech niagazines. An abstract has already been put into the 1942 Ifaye.s Memorial Annual.
Aviation Cadets May Receive Rank Of 2nd Lieutenants All men enlisted for Aviation Cadet training either in the United States Army or in the Enlisted Reserve after July 15 will bo selected upon completion of their Aviation Cadet training for appointment as second lieutenants in the Army or as fiight officers, according to an annoimcemont from the War Department. Men appointed to the grade of flight officer will receive the pay and allowances of a wai-rant officer, junior grade, in flying .status and are eligible for later appointment to the grade of second lieutenant.
To Join EE Staff Prof. Arthur L. Albert of the communication engineering department at Oregon State College, Corvallis, Oregon, has bceh engaged as a member of the staff of the School of Electrical Enginocring for the coniing year. Prof. Albert is on leave of absence from Oregon State College to teach special war courses to com-* missioned officers and students sent to the Uni-versity by govei-nmont agencies. The Iowa State college civilian pilot training program has graduated 54 men to the ai-med services cf the nation.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
NOTE TO ALPHA CHI RHOS Girls in practice house right behind your lodge complain of your extra-ordinary quietness. All they say is that Bruce Adams has a “bhautiful” physique. Some fun, eh? Why don’t you give the galz a show, fellers?
PhoiiF2343
SCOBEE’S All Kipds of Photographic Supplies Fresh Film and Film Pks -Try Our Quality Kodak Finishing — PROMPT SERVICE
105 Northwestern Ave.
Coed: Are there sailors at Purdue? Purdue Ed. Oh, just gobs. Which reminds us why the coeds are getting the sluff from the sailors. Said one of the bluejackets: “Ah, they’re too young-in-mind for us!”
FLASH, FLASH WITH A SI^ARKLE, SPARKLE now on the left hand of Kappa Jane Van Gorkom as she flashes her new engagement ring, recently collected from SAE Wally Stanton. Congrats, Van.
Phi Gam Steve “Wolf” Minton and Theta Patty “Mac” MacLaughlin attended a church Ice Cream Social last night . . . and during- a week night, too.
Aviafioii Cadet John Onila ^ . former University student, of Canton, Ohio, reported to Randolph Field, Texas, recently for basic training. Cadet Onila had two years of basic ROTC as a sergeant and one-half year of advanced ROTG as, cadet second lieutenant. His father was a member of ,the 42nd Division in World War 1. , , ■ . ^ Lt. U. R. Butz / ,,. Ag. 36, was recently promoted to the rank of iCt^pfaip in the Field Artillery. Captain Butz recently ^completed a three months’ battery officers’ course at Ft. Sill, Okla., and after a short leave he is returning .4p-Ft. Bragg, N. C., where he will be stationed in 5the replacement center. On July 11 he married Kay ,B«iiibej:g-, formerly of Cincinnati.
Be like Hal Shornstein (recently derolled from school) “I’m patriotic, like the worm who got patriotic and went into the “Apple” Corp.” ’S funny how patriotic these grades make people feel.
Harry “Classy Uniform” Dees was with Kappa Dotty Benson last weekend, and still no ring, pin, or the such showed up.
Sigma Chi Stu Pritchard can now understand why his date with Theta Betty Duncan (made last Friday afternoon) lasted only fifteen minutes when she called right back and broke it. Here’s the dope. (The Dirty Digit of Destiny always finds you out!) Seems that Betty had a date with Delta Chi, Bill Feik, to prom a week before the big occasion. She broke the date with him to go to Wisconsin with Pat Emfi'eld (correction: not Emhoff). Then when the whole thing; ended, Betty didn’t go to Wisconsin. Did someone up there break a date with her 1
UNITED STATES WAR BONDS AND STAMPS
LUHA LAST DAY-2 FEATURES
aldclie5M^
MARS LAST TIMES TODAY-
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
THE YEAR'S MOST BAFFUHC MUROiRMYSTERY!
with MARY HOWARD DONALD WOODS FRANK CRAVEN
yBUy mu STAMPS aad gOHDI <rt T»i
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT. IT’S SCAREWY! DIPPY DICK BERLE TRIES TO SOLVE A MURDE!
MILTON BERLE GH®STS w«h BRENDA JOYCE
—TODAYIt's a Merry SCREAM Set
with Ellen drew WYMAN , Mc/ KAY KYSER'S BANp lesiadpj Harry Babbitt • Ish Kabibble • Sully Maspn TVudy Irwin • Dorothy Dunn Prot/aced tv HAROLD LLOYD '
STARTS THURSDAY -DOUBLE FEATUREHe Wouldn’t Stay Dead! THE GHOST COMES HOME with FRANK MORGAN BILLIE BURKE -plusgallant LADY with SIDNEY BLACKMER4,
i »
W6dneSifiiy,Jufyk^;m
wsm
ffoiiermatMr Sports
PSgSi:
M^lton^ Galvin To F»lay Qports Communique^ . . ■■ -1^ . 1 » 1 O By Bob Hadley
In All-Star Grid Tussle
1
Two Boilermaker gridiron stars, graduates of Mai Elward’s 1941 Gold and Black football machine, gained posts on the Collegiate All-Star squad to oppose the Chicago eBars, professional grid champions, in Soldiers’ Fields August 28. , Tommy Melton, co-captain and right guard of the uneventful Riveter team, polled a - —
grand total of 421,962 votes, and Johnny Calvin, fleet left halfback, raked in 439,283
votes.
Take Field With 75 _ Both Boilermakers will take to the field with the aggregation of 76 collegiate football stars in the annual college - professional
classic.
Sigmund Started Record Swim Two Years Ago Today
By Jack Halstead
Tw6 years ago today John V. Sigmund, famous distance swimmer from St. Louis, began his record
Dick Erdlitz, Northwestern quar- shattering swim down the Missisterback, Who pounded the lines last sippi river from his home town, year, received the largest number Sigmund’s non-stop paddling enof‘ballots—662,942—drawing from durance record ended up at CaruthChicago, and from his home state ersville, 292 miles downstream, and Wisconsin. Out of the 76 chosen to required 89 hours, 48 minutes. Sevface the Chicago Bears, 46 are from eral attendant-bearing vessels the Midwest, with Ohio State, Min- trailed Sigmund,through the murky nesota, and Notre Dame sharing the river waters and he was checked honors, two from each .school being officially by an AAU timer, on ,the starting eleven". Last Distance Record Texas End Listed Sigmund’s lecord, which supMal Kutner, Texas University Planted that of Clarence Giles, who pass-snatcher, and' Charles Ringer, continuously 288 miles in
lanky Gopher, will flank the AllStar line with Jimmy Daniell, Ohio State, and A1 Blozis, Georgetown, settling into tackle berths. First
string guards are Bernie Crimmins, Notre Dame, and Bob Jeffries, Missouri, with Vincent Banonis, Detroit center, slated to flip the ball for the collegians. Dick Erdlitz will call signals on the starting squad, with Bruce
swam
Yellowstone River between Glendive and Billings, Mont., has been the last recorded swimming marathon record. Previous unofficial swimming records include a 281 mile swim by P. A. Condiotti in the Parana River in Argentina, in 1933, and a Hudson River swim of 147 miles by Charles Zimmey in 1938. Swimming the English Channel, made a fad by Matthew Webb of England in 1876, was halted with
Smith, Minnesota, and Steve Juz^ Euiopean hostilities in 1939, when wik, of the Irish, composing an ar- ^iss Sally Bauer, Swedish saltray of two formidable halfbacks, ^ater star, was the last to make Triple-threat man Jack Graf of tjjg journey. A total of 23 swimmers Ohio State will pound the Bears made their way through the 19 from fullback. miles of choppy seas between South The All-Star coaching staff will Foreland, England, and Blanc Nez, enter the starting eleven accoiding France, reported to be the roughest to the votes of fans, and with Mel- swimming waters for distance ton fifth in balloting for guard, and swimmers to conquer. Galvin ninth for halfback berth, Temme Swims Both Ways
Welb the hunting season for All-Star football materials is again closed, after a campaign that gathered together nearly 6,000,000 votes. The Boilermaker supporting contingent didn’t, apparently, vote early enough or often enough to get a berth on the starting eleven for a Purdue man, but when the team gets out on the practice field before the big game, as teams are wont to do, there will be two Riveter representatives in there. Tommy Melton wound up fifth in the race for the guard positions, and Johnny Galvin crept up to ninth in the list of halfbacks. Both boys have played a lot of real football in Gold and Black uniforms, both really deserved the chance they arq getting, and Boilermaker fans are expecting to see a lot of both out there under the lights when the clash with the Bears gets going August 28 op Soldiers’ Field. Lt. Tony Hinkle is going to have an interesting time conducting a football campaign this fall. As far as is now known he will probably be stationed at Great Lakes for the entire season, but there is no particular reason to believe that the members of the coaching staff "which he is selecting or the players composing his playing team will not be transferred to other duties at a moment’s notice. Of course, these men are in the Navy and there are more important missions right now for Navy men than can be carried out on the gridiron. But it will be hgrder on the coach than trying to keep a gang of college playefs eligible ‘scljolastically. Most recent loss to the Great Lakes football machine being of^an^ ized at present, was Paul Christmas, stellar halfback of 2 years ago. Christman when but a sophomore at Missouri admitted that he was probably all-star material. By the time he was a senior Paul had convinced just about every sports writer in the country, for he was almost an unanimous choice for All-American selection in 1940. Some of the older boys are beginning to appear on the big league base paths again, as the effect of the draft begins to be felt in the majors. A bit of inflation is said to be on the way, too, •y/ith slightly underhanded (I guess that should be short-handed) clubs paying premium prices for players whose records are somewhat doubtful. Van Lingle Mungo, about half of the local color in Flatbush a few years back, is back in harness playing across the river for the Giants. The unpredictable Browns of St. Louis have gone stark raving mad in the last month with a streak of baseball of the type that everyone rather thought they should be capable of, but which they have never quite shown in recent years. Recently they’purchased Fritz Ostermueller from Toronto to bolster their pitching staff. Now within three games of second place in the American League, if the Browns’ hurling, always their weak link, can stand the pace, they may turn in one of their best seasons in a good many dreary years.
Sports Callout All sophomores and freshmen interested in working on the Exponent sports staff report ib the sports office, Room 101, Fieldhouse, at 4 p. m., Friday, for an introductory meeting.
these two Boilermakers will probably see action against the professional stars.
•« ► Hays Jewelry Co.
I3I North Fourth St. X Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price
E. H. Temme, of England, swam both ways for 38 miles in 1934, and only three Americans have ventured the distance, the last being in 1926. Last August 26, ^teve Wozniak of Buffalo won the National AAU long distance swimming championships at Fall River, Mass., in 62 hours, 46.8 sec. Wozniak’s feat was the only sponsored long distance swim of the year.
WHAT A DAY! Disagreeable Meals give me a disagreeable disposition!
My Wife Eats at the PURDUE UNION in the CAFETERIA Why don’t I try that?
Gee! What a surprise! This is one time my wife really said something sensible! For a delicious, appetising meal, EAT AT
JhsL fiwvdusL TyismtAxaL lAmmL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
INTRAMURALS
noons The top six men will meet in the finals Monday, August 3, at 6:30 p m Each contestant will be given 26 shots from a distance of 60 feet from the cup, pitching from a cocoa mat. Five balls will be pitched m succession and the routine repeated 5 times. After each 6 shots the balls will be scored as follows:
Zero points for holing out Vj point for 6 inches or less.
1 point for each foot from the cup. Low
score wins.
Contestants may use their own equipment. Cocoa mats will be found at the green for use of those wishing to practice. Figure Trophy to the winner, medals for the next
three.
The finals in the Inter-fraternity Golf Tournament must be completed by Friday evening The teams playing in the finals will be the Kappa Sigma’s vs winner of the Phi Kappa Tau and Sigma Chi match Please get in touch with your opponents and arrange your matches The following Ward softball games will be played Wednesday evening: Diamond 1 Ward 1 vs Ward 2. 2 Ward 21 vs Dairy 3 Ward 26 vs Forestry. 4 Ward 4 vs Pharmacy All teams that were matched with Ward 6 will not play those games, as Ward 5 is not playing softball this round. The following fraternities will play softball Thursday evening, July 30: Diamond 1 Phi Kappa vs Theta Xi 2 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. I 3 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Kappa Tau (Sec IM SCHEDULES, page 4)
The following Paddle Tennis matches will be played Wednesday evening at 7 30:
Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Theta Chi vs. Phi aKppa.
Sigma Alpha Epsilpn-vs Delta Upsilon It is necessary that your players be at the courts on time Fifteen minutes allowance only—after which the time opponent
may claim match by default
T^he following fraternities will play Badminton Doubles Wed evening, July 29.
6 30—
Acacia vs Sigma Chi. Alpha Chi Rho vs Theta Chi. Alpha Gamma Rho vs. SigVna Alpha Ep-
silon
Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Phi Kappa Tau, Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Phi Kappa Alpha Tau Omega vs Kappa Delta Rho. Beta Sigma Psi. Beta Theta Pi. Delta Chi Delta Tau Delta, Delta Upsilon. 7:30— Kappa Sigma vs. Pi Kappa Pi. Lambda Chi Alpha vs Sigma Alpha Mu. Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Nu. Phi Gamma Delta vs Sigma Phi Epsilon. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Ei. Phi Kappa Sigma vs Tau Epsilon Phi. Phi Sigma Kappa vs Tau Kappa Epsilon. Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Theta Tau. Triangle vs Theta Xi In case your best men cannot report at the time designated, send your hext best men. Fifteen minutes allowance only— after which time your opponent may claim match by default. The All-Campus Golf Chipping (Approach Shot) Contest staits at the practice green at the northwest corner of the Intramural Field at 4*00 p. m Wednesday, July 29 The event will continue three (8) after-
If You Want to Reach These Purdue Eds and Coeds Advertise in the EXPONENT
Grid Ticket'Folder Mailed To 15,000 Boilermaker Fans The difficulty of the assignment that will be faced by genial Elmer Burnham, new Boilermaker football mentor, in his first year in Big Ten coaching circles, is emphasized in a brief description of the ten major opponents the Boilermakers will face this fall which appears in the ticket application folder that has been mailed out to 15,000 gridiron fans in the middle west. Pre-Season Peek The pre-season peek at the ten opponents who make up the most ambitious schedule in Boilermaker history, as published in the ticket folder, follows: “FORDHAM—The powerful Sugar Bowl champions make their fii st appearance in the middle west. A climactic game provides the season’s opener in the Ross-Ade stadium. “VANDERBILT—Purdue has a score to settle (3-0). The Commodores have bowl visions. “NORTHWESTERN — It’s the rubber game in the renewal of a time-honored series that has been packed with thrills. “OHIO STATE—It was 17-14 two years ago and 16-14 last year. Burnham won’t be satisfied with 15-14 this year. “WISCONSIN—Mix the Badgers and Boilermakers at Homecoming and anything is apt to happen. “IOWA—The husky Hawkeyes will be out to reverse last year’s verdict. “GREAT LAKES —It will be ‘Navy Day’ at Purdue against an all-star Sailor eleven. “MICHIGAN STATE—The Spartans live up to their name when it comes to the gridiron game. “INDIANA—Purdue will be bent on cancelling the return half of the ticket for the Old Oaken Bucket. “CAMP SHELBY—Thanksgiving Day turkey will be postponed until after the Cyclone clash at Hattiesburg, Miss.” Early leturns from the mailing of the ticket application folder indicates an unusually heavy mail order sale, with a decided interest in the season ticket for the four home games. Former Hoosier Mound Ace Will Instruct Clinic BLOOMINGTON, July 28—Lieut. Vernon “Whitey” Wilshere, former Indiana University baseball pitcher, now stationed at the University of Iowa Naval Preflight School, will serve'’'on the baseball instruction staff for the Navy Coaching Clinic to be held there Aug. 3-15. Wilsheie holds two degrees from Indiana and was the Hoosieis’ ace huiler in 1936 and 1936. He joined the Philadelphia Athletics aftei his giaduation and won his |iist nine games without a defeat. He suffered an arm injuiy, however, that brought an abrupt end to his major league career after he had lost the same number in succession. Duiing the past thiee years he has served as an assistant coach at Central High School in Evansville.
Tau Kappa Epsilon Tops l-M Softball; ATO's Next The TKE’s continued to drive toward their goal of Intramural Softball Champs as they battered the Sigma Nu's 10 to 3 in one of yesterday's top billings on the softball card. The ATO’s in similar fashion crushed the Acacians 10 to 5 to keep themselves in top position for a final move on the pennant. In third place, Phi Kappa remained as darkhorse after soundly rapping the PiKA’s - — 5 to 3. Phi Kappa Tau also bet- ^ ^ tered its position in the lineup temnined bunch of ATO's who have as it won a 5 to 1 decision from only to split their games to compel the Sigma Chi’s to definitely knock the TKE’s to take both of their rethe Sweethearts out of the final rtiaining contests in order to win an chapters of the race. undisputed pennant. Also in good Theta Chi’s Falter position are the Phi Kappa’s who Among the squads who faltered could easily come through with a in their closing bids on the final pair of victories that might po^ chase weie the Theta Chi’s who suf- them on top. Phi Kappa Tau has a. fered an important defeat in a 14 mathematical chance to grab the to 12 slugfest with the Tau Epsilon glories, but it is a remote one. Phi’s. The Phi Delts dropped an- The race then can be narrowed other one to the Kappa Delta Rho’s, down to the TKE’s and the ATO’s 2 to 1. with the Phi Kapp’s as plenty dark
The officially scheduled games are horsies.
over but there are two remaining Th® standings as of today are as
games left on the card. These follows:
games are reschedules which were Team W rained out during the regular sea- Tau Kappa Epsilon . .15 son and will be played off next week. Alpha Tau Omega .. ..14 TKE’s Have Worries Phi Kappa 14 At present the TKE's have won Phi Kappa Tau 13 fifteen while losing only two. With Sigma Pi 12 the two remaining games only on Theta Chi 12 the Intramural schedule, it would Phi Delta Theta 12 appear that the TKE’s are vertual- Sigma Chi 11 ly established in the top spot. How- Sigma Alpha Mu 11
Pet. .882 .87S .823 .764 .760 .705 .705 .687 .647
All-Campus Golf Tourney Will Begin This Week; 48 In Running With the completion of the qualifying round of the AllCampus Golf Tournament last Sunday, some 48 students and faculty members will go into action this week to determine the University’s outstanding club wielder. Parings have been made according to scores posted prior to last Sunday. The 48 golfers have been divided into three groups, namely the “Championship Flight”, the “A” Flight, and the “B” Flight. The best 16 scores were brack-
eted in the “Championship Flight” and so on down the
line.
It has been requested by the Intramural Department that all participants contact their opponents and arrange to play off the matches as soon as possible. Schutt Leads Qualifiers In the qualifying round Rogers Schutt ,a member of the Riveter golf team, won medalist honors by
Mel
ship Flight” are as follows: Rogers Schutt (73) vs. Taube (84). N. Driscoll (86) vs. G. Mackey
(80).
BiU Powers (80) vs. S. Voinoff
(86)
Jack Coombs (86) vs. R. Stackhouse (78). Dave Lodge (79) vs. Jack Kahler
(86).
L. J. Berlik (87) vs. H. T. Harri-
posting a 73. Incidentally this is
the lowest score recorded by a student on the University course since its opening this spring. The parings for the “Champion-
Riveters, Hawkeyes Are McMillan Victims
BLOOMINGTON, July 28—A. N. (Bo) McMillan, head football coach at Indiana University since 1934, has had to contend with the Boiler-
maker and Hawk eye gridiron Fi^ck792r squads more than any other rivals ’’
since he stepped into the Cream and Crimson mentor shoes, accoiding to a lecent Indiana lelease. McMillan’s “Bloomington Boys” have faced both teams every fall
since
than their opponents in the series. lU fans aremioud of Bo’s Old Oaken Bucket victories, while Boilei maker gild lollowers have had to be content with thiee “P’s” and an “I-P,”
signifying a tie, since 1934.
The eight-year record of the In-diana-Iowa sei ies -again favors the Hoosiei's with four wins, against
two ties and two losses.
Hendrickson (80) vs. Jack Beckett (86). Scranton (84) vs. Ted Shead (781. The following are the matches to be played in the “A” Flight: L. V. Hoffman (88) vs. Stigglqman (92). D. Schumacher (94) vs. Larry LaBree ^1). Ed Denari (91) vs. Phil Connelly
(96).
R. R. Weichel (93) vs. Tom Gra-
ham (88).
Dutch Fehring (89) vs. Jack Roorda (94). * Elmer Burnham (96) vs. Leslie
R. E. Sprague (91) vs. M. L.
Clevett (94).
Glen Nygren (92) vs. Joe Inman
(88).
[The following are the parings for
1934, and have faied better ^ Flight.
W. France vs. Bob Anderson. Joe Simons vs. Dick Work Geo. O’Neil vs. Ed. Wells.
R. Beal vs. Smith.
Chuck Keene vs. R. Myers. Ji Perry vs. F. Stinnett. Bill Mahan vs. Floyd Eastwood., Homer Allen vs. Rumble.
BE WISE
Add life to your clothes with good cleaning. Clothes return your good care by lasting longer. Regular cleaning is one of the best ways to take care of clothing . . . keep your clothes full of life by having them cleaned at
Northwestern and Vine Sts.
Phone 4081
Betas Lead Paddle Tennis Three games remain to be played off as yet in the quarter finals «»f the IM intrafraternity paddle tennis touiney. The Beta Theta Pi ' combination has already worked it» way into the semi’s, by defeating the Kappa Sigs in their second game and the Sigma Nus at the
quaiter mark.
The three remaining games in the quarter finals are scheduled for tonight. Sigma Chi is due to meet Phi Kappa Tau, Theta Chi will meet Phi Kappa, and the SAE's meet Deltje Upsilon. The winners of the SAEDU tilt will meet the Beta aggregation in the semi-final'^. ’ The IM office urges all players to show up on time. There will be « fifteen minute allowance, after which time the opponents can clahn the match by default. Games’will start at 7:30. * To get into the quarter-finals. Sigma Chi defeated Triangle, Phi Kappa Tau beat Theta Xi, the Thefa Chi’s took Phi Gam,ma Delta, the Phi Kappa's won ovei’ the AGR’s, SAE beat Phi Delta Theta, Delta Upsilon took the Lambda Chi's, t^ Beta’s defeated the Kappa Sig'sko^ Sigma Nu beat Sigma Pi.■wr
Wf .<
~' sr''^"?"' 'j: "‘^l {'
v7*.7a“^ 'V^
/
v% < J
|v^^.p'WP7>-4> 44??^^f i^ V‘'‘-‘#v ’ ^ \ ^ , 1- ' ^ ^ f s F i ^ ^ .
Purdue Exponent SVi^msSdy, My 29,1942
il.lNaYyl>t6vi<les Blood Donor Unit To Visit Campus
^tP$ fof tlofcr^^d Secf Cross Pcrtabh (Jnit Will Come fl}]lsfin0nt Indianapolis On October 9, W
News that the Red Cross blood donors unit will be on the campus to obtain blood from qualified students was announced yesterday by Mrs. R. B. Wiley, chairman of the Tippecanoe County Red Cross. The Unit will obtain blood October 9th
•M^of a^ies and 10th, and one of the days will be designated as “Purdue
t. ^
Pro9rain Available 1*0 College Students l^dltor’e Note This is tlic second in s
Ornicron Nu Selects Nutrition Poster Contest Winners
offered -to cHtesv stodents by tbe armed
forces of the United States
With tncreasjTigly specialized activities maiking each field of eii
Winneifa ni po^tei contest
the Omici on held lecently
Nu foi
31 eii- r - X
deavor in the Navy, many of its SOrtS of special equipment
fie^hmen home economics students weie announced yesteiday The
The portable unit comes from Indianapolis and consists of theme of the contest was “Nuiu-
Day”.
branches-are providing the defeiied enlisting necessary to make it possible for university students to complete their education befoie induc-
tion.
Students may now enlist in one
Grades
(Continued fiom page 1)
2—Condition, indicating failuic to achieve minimal objectives only to such limited extent that cicdit
be obtained eithei by special
With which the trained doctot's, technicians and nurses collect blood to be stored for use in the armed forces. The jblood donating will take
of seveial branches of the Navy place in the North Ballroom of
while in school and be defeiied until tpig Union, permission having been examination or otheiwise without subsequent call to active duty gianted by L M Vallely, manager repeating the entiie coUise
Navy Class V-l oftheUmon 1—Failure
... IS open only to fieshmen and Details To Be Announced Later F—Failuie, a disciplinaiy grade bophomoie students in an acciedited Blood fiom both men and women issued fioni the office of the Dean college 01 university between the fiom 21 to 50 will be accepted Stu- of Men or the Dean of Women, inages of 17 and 20 and functions as dents under 21 must have peimis- dicating serious delinquency
a preliminary enlistment piogiam sion fiom then parents Instiuc- I—Incomplete
for classes V 5 and V-7 tions for registering and taking the L—Incomplete, a tempoiaiy lecA student enlisting in this class necessary physical examination will ord for work incomplete in quantity must enter either V-6 or V 7 at the be announced m the Exponent at a irrespective of quality when (1) in-
later date.
Peerce
end of his sophomor e year, and he is ranked as an apprentice seaman upon first taking oath The course an applicant must take in school for
V-l is set up by the institution in (Continued from page 1) which tire student is enrolled Radio City where he has continued
If not selected for V-5 or V 7 at gmee 1934
the end of the second calendar year Rachmaninoff rn college, a student IS immediately Maestro Toscanini twice chose assi^ed to active duty as an en- p^^^ce for his Carnegie Hall perste foimance of Beethhoven’s Ninth Navy Class V-5 Symphony, and Rachmamnoirthrice . . i naval aviation, offers an chose him as soloist in “The Bells” eventual commission as Ensign, U which the composer himself con-
S Naval Reserve after the applicant ducted
has successfully completed three Peerce made his New York solo months at a pre-flight school and recital debut at Town Hall in Noisbout nine months of training as an vember, 1939, and he made his first Aviation Cadet solo concert appearance in Car-
V-5 IS open to students selected negie Hall last March for transfer from V 1 and others Anything from Opera to Porter
who enlist directly Age limits are Peerce, who divides his time be18 and 27, with parental consent re- tween concert, opera, radio and QUired from minors Radio City, is noted for his versa-
Call to active duty in V-5 is con- tility and he can deliver renditions
templated at the end of the aca- of anything from Cole Porter’s 4emic year curient at time of en- “Night and Day” to Richard Wag-
trance, or earlier upoi^ request ner’s “Tristan and Isolde ”
Upon entrance the student IS ranked He developed this versatility to as Seaman, 2nd class fit the demands on such weekly ra-
No specific college courses are dio programs as Chevrolet, Gulf
required for this branch of the Oil, Chase and Sanborn, Lucky Navy, but physics and mathematics Strike, the Ford Hour and regular are recommended Application may Music Hall of the Air programs be made at the nearest Flight Selec- where Peerce sings tabloid operas
tion Board Five Months for Tour
Navy Class V-7 Peerce, who is currently on a . offers commissions as deck <^oast to coast toui, spends five Aeiei ^ or engineering officers to students nionths of the year on an opera and Kappt Si: selected for transfer from V 1 and concert tour The remainder of his 'to juniors and seniors who were tune is spent in engagements on tievei eligible for V-l Age limits fO'^^tmed radio progiams, in weekly are 19 to 28, inclusive programs at the Radio City Music
Required college courses for those Hall and in studying new works and
desiring to enter class V-7 are reg- increasing hrs knowledge of foreign
ular courses leading to any of the languages
following degrees BA, BS, any en- Doors of the Music Hall will open gineering degree, BEdn, BPh, BBA, at 6 45 and admission will be by BCS, BJoui, or LLB (if pieceded passports, season tickets or single by 2 years of pie law ) admission tickets costing “pi plus
Students will be called to active duty upon receipt ot their degrees
as apprentice seamen, and will be P ^^cKdy
struction is incomplete at the end of a term, or (2) a student withdraws from the University for any reasons approved by the Faculty from
time to time
Requirements for graduation under the grading system which will go into effect at the end of next semester will still require a mini mum of 90 hours of 4 (or B), and distinguished rating will bt estab-
lished at 5 0
tion For Defense,” and the posters were draryn as a part of the freshman applied design courses Fust place m the competition went to Elizabeth Welsh, who submitted a poster showing on a while background a blue globe with the United States in red It was entitled “The Lifeline of the World,” with “Vitamins and Victoiy” as a subtitle Hiss Welsh received an award of $150 in War Stamps gs first prize Muriay Wins Second Joan Muriay received the second prize ot $1 00 in War Stamps for a poster entitled “Vitamins, Victory and Vitality ” Thud prize, consisting of fifty cents in War Stamps, went to Joan Woods The committee in charge of the contest was headed by Calista Creel as chairman, with Dorothy Arvidson and Roberta Kessler assisting Judges were Prof Amy Bloye, Miss Ruth Austin, and Prof L SchantzHansen The posters entered in the contest were given to the Committee on Physical Fitness ot the Student War Council fox campus display
IM Schedules ?ersonnel Notes
(Continued from page 3) 4 Beta rheta Pi \b Delti Chi
5 Phi Delta fhetx vs Phi Kappa Sii,mT 6 Lambda Chi Alpha vs Pi Ivapp \ Phi
7 Kappa Si^rma vs Acacia 8 Sitma Pi \s Tnanftle
^ Si^ma Alphi LtsiUtt Tau Kai
Epsilon
10 Kappa Delta Rho vs Siprnla Chi 11 PKi Kappa Pai vs Phi Sl^,ma Kippa 12 Delta Tau Delta v Si^ma Alpha Mu Standings for All Campus Bowling lour
nament—Week ^
A Biacket W I Sigma Alpha Epsilon 10 Phi Kappa Tau 1) ) Delta Upsilon 14 10 Phi Gamma Delta It 11 Beta Theta Pi 12 Cary Hall 1^ ]2 Alpha Sigma Phi 10 11 Delta Tau Delta 11 11 Pi Kappa Alpha 0 1') I ambd i Chi Alpha 5 1) B Brad et'? W L Phi Delta Theta 1" < Phi Sigma Kappa 16 8 Sigma N i 19 Alpha Tail Q;nc^ i 14 30 Theta Chi It li Pi K ipp i Phi 12 1 Alphi Chi Rho 10 11
1
8 li 8 1(
High indnidial st i Bi ck Tnin It
24b
High mdnuluil Alpha Fpsilion fl
High t am g imc PI i bigfn i K ri px 90b High team sciic Sigm x Alpha T psilon
Curtiss Wright Corporation, Passaic, New Jersey—Comrng Thursday, July 30 Interested fti August Aero E, CE EE PSE, ME, MetE, ChE Sign in Peisonnel Office by 3 00 p m Wednesday, July 29
St I kh >u c Slum i
All Cimpus Bowlin^ lie loi Weel n Wcdi
I 3 J ily ^0
Pi K ippa Alphi \ Bcti Ihcta Pi AIt ha Sigm i fhi v Car> Hall Phi S „ma Kapi i \ Thi D iti Ih la
Sigmi Alihx hp lion \s Phi Cimmi
Ddti
Phi Kipia 111! \s Delta Tiu Delta
8 4 —
Delt i Ur lUn v L iml !i Chi \Ii ha A ph i Chi Rho '\c ici i a Pi Kappa Phi vs Tiiiigic Iheli Chi vs Sum X N Alphi Tau Omc„ i vs K.>ppa "^igm i
Ihe Paiker \ppliance Company, Cleveland, Ohio-—Interested in August or December ME Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, August
1
Reynolds Metals Company, Louisville, Kentucky—Intoiested in Metallurgical Engineeis Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, August
5
Beikej and Gay Furniture Company, Grand Rapids, Michigan—In toiested in semois and iindeigiaduates in Acio E Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, Augu-.t 5 Or\ ens Illinois Glass Company, Stieitoi Illinois — Intel csted in August 01 Deeemhei Chemical En ginceis Sign in Personnel Office by Monday August 3 Courses in journalism are now offered at some 450 colleges and uiiiveisities
Men's Tourney Starts Monday At4dS Fust flight of ariows in the men’s all-campus atchery tournament will be shot at 4 15 next Monday afternoon at the archery range adjacent to the University Stieot Mall The tournament will be held during three days of next week—Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. The touinami3..t will consiSu of a standaiu American round as recognized by the National Archery association The American round consists of a total of 90 arrows, 30 arrows each at 40, 60 and 60 yards Finals of the tournament will be held during the following week with the top forty percent of tbe arch eis shooting during the fiist week being eligible to enter the final round Final winners will be de ter mined by the total of the quail fying and the final round scores It lb not essential ro register be fore the tournament unless the participant desires to shoot on a special night All men students are eligible to participate m the tournament Gold, silver and bronze keys will be awarded the three highest scores in the tournament Thirteen Receive Time, Motion Study Certificates Thirteen certificates have been awarded by the University to members of a war training class m time and motion study, as authoiized by the United States office of educa
tion
The course emphasizes work simplification as a means of increasing efficiency in war plants Under the supervision of Lee C Pigage, Univeisity instructor in general en gineering, students analyzed piocesses, opeiations, materials and equipment for the most economical woiking piocedure Charts, stop watches and visual aids were used to demonstrate the best methods of training woikers
Wesley Group To Hold Lawn Party Friday This^ Friday at 8 p.**!!!. Wesley Foundation will hold a “Gypsy Lawn Party” on the playground behind the Foundation building Everyone is uiged-to wear bright clothes to contubute to the atmosphere A fee of ten cents pci person to cover the cost of refieshments will be payable at the party
Notices
Reservists All male stitidents who have not yet completed the two years basic military Training lequired for graduation and are now members of the Naval or Marine Corns Reserve report to the Adjutants office Purdue Armoiy for important information relative to your status —RIORDAN Registration Workers Students who wibh to woik foi the Registrii during the fall term registi xtion August U September 1 and 2 xre requested to make ipphcalion at iht legistrai b olfice Those with previous experience at i gistration ir in xthei cleii cal jobs xre kiven pieinenet -STONE All bcieiice Seniors All those whj i Ian to giaduate in August eall it Dtn Endei*! olfice to fill out the neeebsary blai ks T NDERS hreshmen All hibt bemoo^er fieshmen who do not live in Carv Hall will plcas( lepirt to the Aetiviticb Olfieo room of the Uiun next Monday Julv 2 "W d lie oday July 2) or Thuisdxy Tuly 80 between 1 and o p m WLI I S &C A House Presidents Copies of the ninuUb ot the July 21 board meeting arc available it the SC A box at the west d sk in the Union —MOGVERO Sigma Delta Chi Meeting of til actives and pledges in the Exponent office Wednesd ly July 29 it 4 p m Actives please don t brinj.. your paddle ARMSTRONG Jnterfraternity President’s Council Keys ai it the fiaternity iffiirs oftict C me and get them —SCHWAB Junior Editors Report in your belts W In d 13 J ily ‘^0 it 4 If in the cm fcrence loom of the Exponent offict —BROPHY Gold Peppers Mcctiip. Wodnesdiy Tuly 2) It 4 TO II m m the AWS (Tiee — SIMONS Fraternity Affairs Office Important meeting of all sophomore workiis W(.dm diy Julv 29 at 4 p m in the o(hc Bt th re -SCHWAB
Student War CoiwXtil Meeting will be htid in Union office | t ( iO j) m Wt Ini day July 29 —DFUSTFR
Alpha Phi Omego Regular meetltifif dn Tuesday August 1 at 7 60 p m in tooin i07 Union T’he program for next semester and the chnptei constitution will be discussed -EICHER Pi lau Sigma Actives and pledges Ipf( imul initiation 7 15 Inursday nt 201 Russell lau Lpsilon Phi) Please be prompt —DEISER ^ Pi Tau Sisrmn Pledges Pi Tau Faculty game Wednesday at 1 15 Diamond Nb 6 Pk IgcM will foim Pi Tau thotiing section --DEISER Zouaves Picnic sdicduled foi Fiiday July 21 is postponed to Wednesday. August 5 JACKSON Delta Rho Kappa Actives and pledges foimal initiation Ihursduy July 80, at 6 30 p m Room 30 3 Union Initiation binqutt immediately following 6 00 P wi in Riom 134 Dies for actives are fifty cents Keys may be ordered for $2 20 —DAVIS 1 ormer Band Members The Band Will purehxsi is(d Band uniforms at reasonable prices Sec Gast or Ross nt once for partieiiiais —ROSS Scabbard and Blade Rough Night Committee Meet at Voilmers house 228 Sh(ct7 Wednesday Tuly 29 nt 7 30 p m —ROSS Weslev Foundation Gypsy Lawn Party will be h Id Fiidav July 31 at 8 p m be hind the loui datum Wear bright clothes and bring ten cent fee for refreshmehts -^DAYHUFP
Classified Ads
Lost—Ope Bobby Jones iiuttor on University I raetice golf couise Reward Lt C 1 Hick MC , Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes sol^l rented icpaired ind purchased Mim,eograph woik done C J Ebershoff 605 Mam, Lafayet+e Phone 2779 Money to loan on diamonds' watches guns, luggage typewriters Albeits Loan Office 407 Columbia Lost Gold Waltnam wrist watch on men's t nms courts Saturday Phone Bob Hadley 3301 Rewiio Lost—Black billfold containing draft oxrd pisspoit fiateinily cards etc Call Gene Kattrrjohn at 5097 Help Wanted—Office assistant—elementary booklfeping expcnonce and accuracy handling lash—some stenographic ability— g ncrnl filing Write Exponent Box No 14
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
Two hundiccl chemists of 41d
subsequently appointed as Ensign
U S Naval Reseive upon success- Engineering ’14, of Port
ful completion of about four months Wayne, died suddenly of a heart meda county are being trained at training attack Sunday afternoon at the cot- the University of Calitoinia for
tage of his brother on Crooked special duty dining air raids
Haljtom Receives manager of the In- Twentj two per cent of eligible
A Af* AnnAintrvi^ni' Service Corporation Railway men students at New Elcxieo High T * r System Befoie attending the Uni- lands university aie taking or have r Angeles, ^eisity he was a teacher at Mary- taken CAA flight tiaming
Calif, ME ’39, has been appointed Agricultural College
to take officers’ training in the
..A
DR PAUL A RISK
DR LUTHER A
RISK
DR HAROLD ]
RISK
— DENTISTS-
400-404 Schulfz
Bldg
4th and Mam Sts
Lafayette
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Qualify BAKERY
Women’s Army Auxiliary Corps She rs the first University coed graduate to be announced for this honor Miss Haltom will lepoit at Foit DesMoines, la, on August 5 Befoie accepting a position as junioi executive in a Los Angeles department stoie, she was employ ed at Ayie’s in Indianapolis Miss Hj^ltom was a membei of Kappa Ka^ipa Gamma aoroiity
Univeisity of Texas faculty membei & have approved a proposal for the teaching of Russian
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store Aeroei From Union ' Red" SammoDi *29 "Doc” Epple *40
One Sixty-Five Buys a Whale of a Good Shirt at Thieme’s!
Styled and precisely made l>y Oonagal. They’re sanforized shrurik quality fabrics in a nice selection of patterns. No will collars that wear exceptionally well. rCome in and look ’em over. You’ll want two or three.
Same Quality in WKite Broadclot^ $1.95 Thieme & Wangerin
I
622-626 Main Street
Friendship Day Sunday, August 2 DoN’T fail to send those friends of yours a word of cheer on Friendship Day. Drop in and see our complete selection of Hallmark Friendship Cards for Men ip the Service—you’ll find just the card you’ll want to send.
PURDUE BOCK ^SUPPLY STORE
308-10 JTATE tTREEI WE5T LAFAYETTE INP
Aim for Victory
with
United States War Bonds and Stamps
M i
1} y !