«
/ /
-ft
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By, '^nd For Students of ' Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
WEDNESDAY January 12, 1938 Lafayette, ^diona VOL. 49 No. 88
Alpha Gamma Rho, Phi Kappa Sigs Win Semi-Finals Of Debate Contest Alpha Gamma Rho’s negative and Phi Kappa Sigma’s affirmative debate teams romped to victory yesterday afternoon over Beta Theta Pi and Delta Tau Delta respectively, to clinch positions in the final match of the Mohlman Debate Contest to be held at 7:30 p. m. Friday
Dean Gilkey Will Speak Sunday At Religious Convo A native of Wateivtown, Mass., Dean Charles W. Gilkey, speaker at the religious convocation to be held next Sunday at 10:30 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall, has been a member of the Board of Trustees of the University of Chicago since 1919 and on the faculty of the Divinity School since 1926.' During his recent series of six lectures to student centers throughout India, he spoke to approximately 40,000 persons in all. Gilkey resigned his pastorate at Hyde Park in 1928 to become Dean of the Chicago Chapel. He is a member of the Board of Governors of International House, Chicago, 111., and of the Board of Trustees of George Williams College. He is now serving as chairman of the University of Chicago emergency relief committee, which has raised $75,000 in the past five years to aid unemployment. Speaker on the campus at numerous occasioi^s, including the Juhe 1936 Baccafaureate services. Dean Gilkey is familiar to the University. The subject of his Sunda,y talk will be “Taking Bearings.” Prof. Murphy To Speak To Indianapolis PTA Prof. Charles B. Murphy, of the department of history, economics, and government at the University, will speak tonight before the Par-ent-Teachers’ Association, of School 76, Indianapolis, on “Some Problems of American Foreign Policy.”
in Fowler Hall. To the winner of the final match will go the Mohlman trophy which has been in possession of Cary Hall East since last year. These two teams are the lone survivors of the 62 that began the contest November 4. Keys and invitations to the speech banquet to be held in the Spring will be awarded to the winning orators. WSGA Opens Survey On Co-ed Activities All co-eds on the campus are being interviewed bjj WSGA concerning their extra-curricular activities. Freshman and sophomore representatives were chosen to go to the sororities and rooming houses to get the interviews. Unorganized girls may go to the WSGA office to be questioned concerning their activities. The data compiled in these activities records will be checked and a copy will be kept for future reference as an aid to employers. Additions are to be made to the records every year during the college career of the co-eds. Chinese Students' Cfub Elects New Officers Chinese Students’ Club announces the election of the following officers: Gow Soo-Hoo, president; James Lee, secretary; and Frank Toy, treasurer. Cel. Turner To Speak At Kiwanis Club Meeting Col. Roscoe Turner, nationally known aviator, will fly to Lafayette tomorrow morning from Chicago to address the Lafayette Kiwanis Club at noon for their regular weekly luncheon in the Central YMCA, according to Clinton “Doc” Anderson, EE ’07, who completed arrangements yesterday.
Shinn Will Play At PIA Tea Dance “Suzy Q” Shinn, featuring “The Toy Trumpet,” will play for a PIA tea dance Saturday, January 16. The affair will be held in the Union ballroom from 3 to 5:30 p. m. Tag dancing will be in order, making the affair a mixer in every way. Other features include saxophone solos throughout the dance with accordion solos between dances. Farm, Home Week Guests Entertained Farm and Home Week guests were entertained by the Women’s Residence Halls at a tea yesterday afternoon from 4 to 5 o’clock. During the hour, guests were taken on inspection trips of the Halls. They were shown the girl’s rooms, living rooms, reception rooms, the dining room, and the kitchen equipment. Dr. S. C. Gilfillan To Teach New Course Social aspects of Technology, a new course not announced in the catalogue, will be offered for selection by junior, senior /and graduate students next semester. Under the designation of Sociology 180, the new class is scheduled to meet Monday, Wednesiday, a(nd Friday at 11 a. m. in Education Building, room 204. Dealing with inventions, old and new, transportation, communication, and the progress of .civilization and present needs, the course Will be under the direction of Dr. S. C. Gilfillan. Dr. Gilfillan, who has Tecently joined'the University faculty, is author of a number of books, ^as formerly Curator of transportation, ships, and social sciences in the Museum of Science and Industry, Chicago, 111. He has also been a contributor to “Technological Trend and National Policy” and a specialist in such fields.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for the State: Rain turning to snow flurries and colder today. Tomorrow fair and rather cold. Local Temperatures: Low, 24; high, 57; mean, 40.5.
Dirt, Scandal, Rumor Continue To Boil Over In SDX Exposer Stew
Brawl Tickets Going Fast At Union Desk While Sigma Delta Chi members forsook all their friends ?ind undertook their annual task of summarizing choice bits of dirt, scandal, and rumor for the Exposer last night, tickets for their Boilermakers’ Brawl Friday night continued to sell like hotcakes. Afternoon sales at the Union desk have been so heavy the last two days that the ticket supply has had to be replenished three times. According to A. H. Forster, SDX prexy, the sales will be limited to 400 tickets. _ The number of tickets still available was undetermined last night; Forster said that there were enough left to cover today’s sale at least. Comp Winners Selected Complimentary tickets for best and funniest snapshots were given last night to Bob Vernor, head Debris cameraman, Ronald Creek, an amateur candid shot artist, and A. C. Colby, also an amateur with the photo hobby. Two pages of photos for the Exposer were prepared last night, including the cream of the crop of offguard portraits taken during the whole semester. When the Exposer is distributed free Friday night at the Brawl, over one-fourth of its eight large pages will be pictures and cartoons. Free ticket refunds will be given as first prizes in two contests: The beard competition and the costume contest. The best all round beard will walk away with first honors and a two buck refqnd while the
Pictured above are Mike, Elmer, Butch, and Algernon (smoking the cigar), winners and runners up in last year’s Rassle beard contest. Just afterxthis sketch was made someone shouted, “Cheese it —der cops!” and' the cheerfql little* circle suddenly evaporated into the not-so-thin air. Protests later were brought to the attention of SDX officials, claiming that the above were not students at all, but members of the Monon shops rail-splitting crew.
best costume follows suit. Two Bands Fqr Dance Featured on the program will be a battle of bands with Bernie Young and his 14 colored artists fighting for supremacy over campus bandleader Bud Bryant and his “sophisticated swingsters.” Bernie Young comes to Purdue for the first time Friday after playing engagements on the Indiana Roof, New York’s famous Cotton Club, and in radio work. Panbramiq backdrop scenery will be a special feature of the dance to be used’at Purdue for the first time.
Colored scenes of a nature not yet disclosed will appear and disappear on the backdrop during the course of the evening. Contest For Co-eds Contests for co-ed Brawlers will include the ^daintiest foot, and the most modest attire competions. Suitable prizes will be awarded to the girls winning in these classes. Red, Curly, Fuzzy, and' Black Beards will all be considered and the most impressive example of the hirsute growths will be amply rewarcted with several appropriate gifts.
Ag Conference Registration Nears 3,000 Despite Weather Handicap
6,000 Art-end Rural Amusement Contest Held In Jefferson High School Gymnasium Despite snow-blanketed roads, attendance continued to mount by leaps and bounds here yesterday as the annual agricultural conference got into full swing with close to 3,000 Hoosier farmers and farm homemakers attending specialized sectional meetings on a variety of agricultural topics. While visitors were attending the various informative sessions and inspecting exhibits, judges of the annual Indiana Corn and Small Grains Show, as well as the 4-H Corn Club show, were busily engaged in placing the entries. Some time today they will determine Indiana’s king and crown prince of corn for 1937. The day was also marked by the opening of the annual meetings of the Indiana Farm Management Association, Indiana Horticultural Society,^and Indiana Potato Growers’ Association. ^ 6,000 At Amusement Contest From the entertainment standpoint, major interest was focused on the annual Rural Amusement Cdntest, which attracted a capacity crowd of close to 6,000 spect?itors for the finals in the Jefferson High School gymnasium last night. Increased entries in all three classifications, small groups, large groups, and curtain acts, provided the judges -with a real task in selecting the finalists for last night’s entertainment feature. Speaking before the general afternoon session. Tinker suggested the farm woodlot to the Indiana farmer as the most secure savings bank in which to deposit his surplus labor and the accumulation of his efforts. “If, during the years,” said Tinker, “the farmer can build up his forest growing stock, he will have an accumulation of a saleable product that niay be marketed in times of need, and it will always be there under his hand for use when he desires. I can think of no more secure investment.” Dairymen Join Agronomists During the morning sectional meetings, dairymen joined with the agronomists foYa symposium on better summer feeding practices and a round table discussion of pasture problems. In the afternoon, the soil and crops men devoted their attention to hybrid corn tests and grain grading standards, while the dairymen held a separate session on the testing and marketing of dairy products. A series of demonstrations on various types of agricultural mechanics occupied the attention of the agricultural engineering section in the morning, while home construction provided the main theme in the afternoon. Farm Managers Meet The annual meeting of the Indiana Farm Management Association took up the day for the farm management section. Ernest Thornburg, Shelbyville, presided over the morning session, which was devoted to farm management, while the afternoon was given over to the problems of farm tenancy, with Prof. O. G. Lloyd, of the University, presiding. The horticultural program was split into two separate sections, part attending the annual meeting of the Indiana Horticultural Society, and the remainder, the meeting of the Indiana Potato Growers’ Association. New developments in potato production were presented by Dr, E. L. Hardenburg, of Cornell University, in the morning, while spraying and brushing practices occupied the attention of the tuber growers in the afternoon. Experiences with the Hoosier Seal of Quality pack and other phases of marketing were the main theme for the horticulturists. Swine Day For Stockmen It was swine day for the livestock men, who discussed prospects for the hog market during the coming year, factors that make the brood sow more profitable, and the kind of hams and bacons produced by desirable and undesirable market hogs. The merry round of conference banquets continued last night with three different dinner meetings. H. C. Taylor, of the Farm Foundation, Chicago, 111., spoke before the Indiana Farm Management Association, with Lawrence DeVore, Crawfordsville, as toastmaster. The annual forestry and conservation dinner was addressed by E. W. Tinker, of the U. S. Forest Service, with William Collins, Danville, presiding, while the county agricultural agents held their annual get-together. Fritsche To Speak k\ General Session; Home Economics Choruses Sing Tonight Carl B. Fritsche, of the Farm Chemurgic Council, Grosse Pointe, Mich., will be the principal speaker before today’s general session on “Developing Industrial Outlets for Farm Crops,” as the Annual Agricultural Conference continues in full swing in all sections. The day will be featured ,by the annual meetings of the Indiana Corn Growers’ Association, Indiana State Vegetable Growers’ Association, Indiana Draft Horse Breeders’ Association, and a continuation of the annual meeting of the Indiana Horticultural Society. Music Festival Tonight The evening’s entertainment program will be provided by a music festival featuring Indiana Home Economics Association in which over 800 rural women, representing over 30 counties, are expected to participate. University director of music, A. P. Stewart, is in charge of the program which will start in the Jefferson High School gymnasium at 7:30 o’clock tonight. Indiana Livestock Breeders will hold their annual banquet in the Union ballroom tonight at 6:30. Students in animal husbandry, with the assistance of A. H. staff members, will present the pageant the Knighting of Sir Loin, complete with costumes, as a portion of the evening’s enteltainment. Following the meal, kings of Indiana livestock for 1937 will be crowned. y Horticulturists to Banquet Horticulturists will hold their annual banquet in the Hopie Economics cafeteria at 6 o’clock while the Guernsey breeders will banquet at the First Methodist church at 6:30. Indiana Jersey Cattle breeders will hold their banquet tonight at 5:30 at the West Lafayette Baptist Church.
Open Reception To Follow Convo Tomorrow Kight After hearing the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra tomorrow night, interested students will have the opportunity of meeting the visiting musicians personally at a reception to be held in tbe main lounge of the Union at about 10 p.m. that evening. AIL members of the organization including their young conductor, Fabien Sevitzky, will be present to answer any queries that the audience may wish to ask. William H. Ball, president of the Board of Directors of the Indiana Symphony Society and donor to Ball State Teachers’ College has been invited to attend. Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra Manager, Franklin Miner, will be present. Plan Refreshments Besides all interested faculty, students, and townspeople who are welcome, the Union has especially invited A1 Stewart and all of his musical organizations to meet the orchestra. Refreshments will be served. The reception will foUow the orchestra’s appearance on the first musical convocatiqn of the new year at the University. Selections from Weber, Mozart, Shepherd, Wagner, and Tschaikowsky will be featured on their program which is to be presented tomorrow evening at 8 p. m. in the Fieldhouse. Passports are necessary to gain admittance. New Plane To Make Aeronautical Tests Plans for a cooperative test flight program, with members of the University ,aeronautics staff working with the engineers of the Piper Aircraft Co., have recently been completed with the delivery of a new “Cub” airplane to the Purdue Airport. The main purpose of the program is the development of new test flight techniques, designed to yield data leading to improvements in the plane. Prof. K. D. Wood, head of the department of aeronautical engineering, has outlined and will develop the program of tests, assisted by Prof. J. Liston, member of the University staff, in the engine and dynamometer work. Instruments for use in these tests were designed by Paul C. Emmons, formerly of Waterman Aircraft Corp., and W. L, Hull, formerly with Chrysler Engineering Laboratories. Propeller Characteristics One of the main objects of the test program is the determination of propeller chai'acteristics from power measurements in flight and from towing tests behind a larger airplane. Data in the tests will be recorded photographically. Plans are also under way for the construction of an additional airplane for test work in the graduate aeronautical work at the University. Zouaves Maneuver At Corps Day Formation Appearing in their first public drill of the school year, the Purdue Zouaves, military organization featuring eccentric close-order didlls, yesterday morning pex*foi*med before the 3rd and 4th regiments at Corps Day formation in the Ai-m-ory. J. C. Vanderford, captain of the 24 man squad, put the gayly clad basic students through their intricate maneuvers with precision. The Zouave squad appeai'ed yesterday in their new gold and red uniforms, and showy ebony and chromium rifles. According to Major Kurtz of the military department, the drill will be repeated fojp the 1st and 2nd regiments at their Corps formation tomorrow.
HkMIiil
"V' . "V'
:i
m'
(. .■- .V:
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, January 12,, 1938
An Open Letter To The Daily Illini Editor Editor-in-Chief The Dailj' Illini University of Illinois Champaign, Illinois. Dear Brother Editor: It’s a ticklish subject I want to discuss with you, and some things I say may hit home rather painfully. Please don’t form any hasty opinions befor* you have finished my letter; I believe you will a»gree with me then . . . at Idast partly. If I knew your definition of “sportsmanship” mi!^ task might be simplified. Judging from some of the editorials and articles I’ve read in your paper during the last few weeks, I’ve concluded we are not agreed on the meaning of the word. To put it rather bluntly, the Fighting Illini and their university supporters are getting a pretty wide reputation as “sissies,” or “cry babies.” No other words seem to express this impression of your colleagues quite so well. A week ago, the Illini lost to Indiana University’s Hoosiers, 51-46, in an overtime game. At onc^^ the Daily Illini and other papers in Champaign and in Chicago sent out a cry of protest against the persecution of Illini basketball players and against the poor sportsmanship of Hoosier fans. We knew that Illini fans had put up similar howls in previous years, so we didn’t pay much attention to your outbursts. We did have a sly suspicion that part of it was generated by that old defense mechanism. Monday night, Exponent Sports Editor Dick Obenchain wired an account of the Purdue-Illinois game back to the office. I picked up the telegram - and could scarcely believe my own eyes—no, not about the score of the game ... 1 already knew that. Dick is a good sports editor, and has plenty of common sense, too. When I read that telegram, however, I was ready to believe he had suddenly gone mad or that the telegram was a fake. It was hard for me to believe that Illini basketball stars had “played to the crowd” in trying to win sym- , pathy for which there seemed to be no reason . . . that they had fallen to the floor practically on their o'wn accord, that, when in hard playing they really were thrown off balance, they lay on the floor much longer than necessary—just to gain the crowd’s pity by an expression of martyrdom. This tale would have sounded more reasonable had we sent our football squad over to play basketball with you, rather than our hardwood team. But comparison of respective heights and weights of players in the summary of the game showed that your men outweighed the Purdue players more than 10 pounds each. It sounded impossible that the Illini team was as much a bunch of sissies as the report indicated— as the editorial in yesterday’s Daily Illini would have us believe. I couldn’t believe that Illini fans had fallen so shOrt of sportsmanship standards as the telegram reported. Surely Illini fans would not riish out on the floor and “take a swing” at basketball players as they left the floor. I remembered the letter Fred Lawrence, 1936-37 Daily Illini sports editor, sent back here a year ago, after an admittedly poor display of sports.manship by local fans: “Your boys will be able to get away with murder here, if they so desire. All they will receive (from Illini fans) will be several polite and short boos.” Consideration of the facts at hand caused me to lay aside Dick Obenchain’s telegram and to have
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER madisom wisojusin Entered aa second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of. Congress of March 8 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan'. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular a,cademic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $8.60; ^ REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL. ADVERTISING BY NationafAdvertisisig Service Jsic.. Collage Publishers Pcfireseiilativc 420 MAdisoN Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO * Boston - Los Angeles - SAN FrancisCo MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 5038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building,' West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief
Business Managrer
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor ..J. E. Brock Associate Editors.. D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager. W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager..... R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager _...i M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor , Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors ;..Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee ^ SPORTS STAFF Editor R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Night Editor—Stanback Issue Editor—Houston Wednesday, January 12, 1938
Written a story setting forth only the statistical side of the game. The policy of the Exponent is to avoid mud-slinging campaigns. Of course, I understand your attitude. As editor of the Illini you feel bound to support your athletic teams and your institution. You knew that “the best defense is a good offense,” so you^wrote an editorial censuring the lightlweight Purdue players for their rough tactics. You tried to justify the action of Illini fans. Let’s get back to the point, however. Right now I’m more interested in sportsmanship than in editorial technique. The University of Illinois is by no means the only school in the Big Ten which can easily better its brand of sportsmanship., Several of us have plenty of room for improvement. . . and that’s just what I’m going to work for. I want to ask your aid and to offer you the cooperation o fthe Exponent in trying to raise the standards of Big Ten sportsmanship . . . not that our conference -violates the rules of fair play more than do other colleges and universities, but why shouldn’t it lead the rest ? I’m not going to make any further suggestions on the matter now . . . I’d like to hear from you first. Let me know what you think of the idea. Purdue fans •will give your Fighting Illini a fair reception when they come here to play our Boilermakers February 7. We can’t -wish them a victory, but we will want them to know that the game was played squarely by both players and fans. Sincerely Yours, R. P, Manion, Exponent Editor.
By Mary Cooley Charlie McCarthy, number one United States dummy, was recently awarded the honorary degree of Master of Innuendo and Snappy Comeback, by Dean Ralph Dennis, of the Northwestern University School of Speech. The citation was: “He is ... a prince of parasites, violent in composition, churlish in beha-viour, acid in conversation, wooden-faced in all relationships, and in all other aspects a typical product of higher learning in America.” s|[ >8 >8 |<C Police experts of the state of Michigan are teaching a five-year police administration course at Michigan State College. This course which is now in its third year at the university, offers instruction in finger printing, ballistics, police communications, public reactions, and other police problems. As the enrollment in this unusual " course increases, the number of col-lege-student highway-menace seems to decrease. We can’t help wondering whether a fellow has to have flat feet to be eligible to take this work. *'***.' The package library of the Indiana University Extension depai’tment receives frequent requests for all kinds of dope (which is our name for strange and unusual,’’but
none-the-less serious information.) The department is always ready to answer any reasonable request for information in addition to providing book reviews and plays for study. ^ ^ Columbia University Teachers’ College has added to the regular curiculum courses to teach wives ho'W not to be a drag in their hubby’s career.
What, Where, When?
By Sally McKee “The Technique of Social and Business Intercourse”—a course with teas and dinners for lab periods—has recently been established at the downtown unit of Cleveland’s Western ReseiYe University. This is at the suggestion of the late Newton D. Baker, ■wartime Secretary of War and chairman of the; university’s board of trustees. Baker is said to have been quite shocked hot long before his death by seeing two college graduates using the “banjo grip” on their forks, and for that reason he suggested this course, >. It all goes to show, you see, that manners attract attention; that is, if they’re bad. Good manners only tend to make people think well of you even if, perhaps, they don’t know wljy. .
By Jim Davis i The Kellogg Company, : Battle Creek, Mich., manufacturers^of cereal products, is sending Mr. A. E. Johansen, their manager of industrial relations, to visit Purdue soon. He will talk to senior engineers interested in production and maintenance. In addition to good scholastic records, Mr. Johansen will be looking for evidence of enterprise and initiative seniors may have demonstrated on jobs they held prior to and during the vacations in their university careers. Those interested in the Kellogg Company should sign up in the office of the head of their school or at the Personnel Office. —0-0—-Mechanical seniors interested in employment with the Ammonia Department, E. I. DuPont De Nemours & Company, should sign up in Professor Young’s office. Mr. H, W. Rinehart of this company vnll be at Purdue from 9 a. m, Friday, Januai-y 14, to noon Saturday, January 16, He will interview and consider ME seniors for employment in their plant near Charleston, W. Va,, which manufactures chemicals by high pressure synthesis from gaSes,' Graduates who are employed will work in the engineering section
Brawl time is nearing and judging from the show of beards most of the “so-called” Boilermakers are sissies. We know of about a hundred or so “men” who have been nursing their whiskers along ,.. but that’s about the size of it. .. beards are more nursed ALONG than they are LONG. And speaking of comical sights those beards which cluster about the chin are about tops, “The Bruiser” contributes this verse apropos to the beard situation: Of all the contests I have laea^d, I know of one that’s top; Fuzz that’s laffingly called a beard Would make a ducky mop. Yet SDX is throwing one For Boilermakers dumb. Each hairy guy thinks he’s a gun. This nite of nites, my chum. But each in turn will be surprised When all the lites are low; When after feeling his disguise The co-ed date says NO! . “The Bruiser.” POME A shady nook, A babbling brook, A swing in which to rest; A story book, A pleasing look. Ah! Leisure at its best. It’s thoughts like this That send amiss A mind in concentration; A mind that crams For term exams. To ward off Flurtk-uation. So you and I Had better try. And set aside our pleasures; And half-repent For money spent. And harvest worthy treasures. —Ray Burger. Incidentally the writer of the above poem, could be nominated as No. 1 Sucker of the present agricultural gathering. Desiring a ticket to the Rural Amusement Contest in Jeff gym yesterday evening and finding that they were all sold. Burger was approached in the Union, by, by a man who said, “Here are a couple I’ll sell you for 25 cents each.” Burger took them altho the sale price was one dime. When he started to the conference he found that his tickets were for a corn growers’ conference conducted several weeks ago. Did you ever see so many Ags in one Union? You know the old saying about putting all the eggs in one basket. . . Well? 46 Frosh Attend Debris Meeting Forty-six freshmen, answering a call for new workers, attended the Debris organization meeting yesterday afternoon in the Union Building. , The call for workers was issued because the present staff of sophomores is too small. Even though the ’38 staff is larger than the one of last year, more help is needed. Because of the increased number of pictures and the promised early date of book distribution, new workers will assume tasks immediately. Students who work this year will have their work credited toward a junior job just the same as the present sophomore workers.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
which is responsible for new instaL lations, and performance and maintenance of present compressors, pumps, and refrigeration systems. After a three months orientation course, they will be apprenticed to senior engineers. The starting salary will be $135 per month. Engineers wishing to be considered should have a 4.0 scholastic standing or better, and be able to standing or better, and be able according to Mr. Rinehart “to forget they have been to college and to get along ■with associates of all classes.” Information on DuPont is available in the main office of the mechanical engineering building.
Copr. Feitttie Synaiofe-tnfc
“And ■who gave you the say-so to buy crackers without my permission ?”
Annual Essay Coitest Open to Ag Students Februaji'y 16, has been set as the limiting date for entries in the annual Ceres essay contest, sponsored by Ceres, national agronomy honorary, and open to all agronomy students. The contest is divided into two divisions, one for upperclassmen and one for underclassmen. The winner in each division will be awarded the year’s possession of the cup. Their names will be engraved on the cups. Second place winners will receive bronze medals. Students interested in the contest are advised by those in charge to see the rules posted on the bulletin board in Agi’icultural Hall.
ARC
LASTDAY — iAMVEL < • ptetenU
-Also—; John Mack Brown in ‘WILD WEST DAYS’
U3UM
-LAST DAY-
—PLUS— POPEYE CARTOON
—STARTING TOMORROW— PRESTON FOSTER in “The Westland Case” and MISCHA AUER BERT LAHR ALICE BRADY in “Merry-Go-Round of 1938’
Grads Marry at Capital Hubert N. Harmon, former member of the Purdue University faculty, married Lavinia E. Cannon, HE ’32, until recently a member of the library staff, December 21, 1937, according to an announcement this week by the bride’s mother, Mrs. Alice Cannon, who resides near Kokomo, The marriage was performed at the Unitarian Church, at Washington, D. C. Harmon" is now a research engineer with the National Ad^visory Committee for Aeronautics located at Langley Field, Va. The newlyweds are residing at 252 Ne^wport News avenue, Hampton, Va.
hiAm
-LAST DAY— ftOtx' ' loV
fiPY ILEANOI? MEU
‘ Frank Mna May IVIISIIGAN • OLIVER ERay BOLGER . Ilona MASSEY 'Billy GiLBERT.Reginald OWEN
- STARTING TOMORROW - LEWIS STONE CECILIA PARKER MICKEY ROONEY in ‘You’re Only Young Once’
NOW SHOWING
The brilliant siagoi success of 1936 is this year's heart stirring triumph oi the screen I
l«ntAAIHi^*^IMCER HEPBIIIill^PUIS AOOLPHhWednesday'. January 12, ISStf
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Women’s Athletics
Ping Pong
Virginia Blank, who is chairman of ping pong and shuffleboard, announced that the following games in the ping pong* tournainent must be play by noon January 13: Johnson vs. Halmond; Voelkel vs. Bouton; Sebast vs. Hendrickson; Lochner vs. Cook; Hollingsworth vs. Hoover; Guthier vs. Reimann; Ran-
dall vs. Delaplane; Gabler vs. Mather; Boehm vs. George. Riflery . The third round of the riflery tournament will be played this evening with the juniors opposing the sophomores and the seniors against the freshmen. Freshmen will shoot at 7 p. m.; sophomores at 7:16; juniors at 7:30; and seniors at 7:45. Volley-Ball Today’s volleyball schedule is as follows: 4:00—^Chi Omega vs. Ward 1. 4:00-^Ward 2 vs. WRH North. 4:30—Pi Phi vs. Ward 2. 4:30—WRH South vs. Pedalion. 4:30—Kappa vs. Collegiana. ,
Intramural^ Basketball The following men are ineligible for competition in intramural basketball, 1937-1938. M. S. Brinduse, G. E. BauSman, J. E. Bosse, R. 0. Brough, R. W. Burough, B. W. Brinkerhoff, R. M. Chamberlain, K. B. Corell, J. P. Gutting, P. C. Hardy,, R. Igney. N. Mehes, D. G. Minney, P. J. Pauline, D. E. Rohrbaugh, C. H. Rechenbach, T. D. Reiley, D. W. Rankin, L. C. Schlat6r, R, L. Stallings, N. R. Swarts, F. J. Weber, F. G. Witsman. Dutch Fehring, Freshman Coach.
DECKER’S We Carry a Complete Line of I.E.S. Lamps 518-520 Main Phone 6477
We Carry an LE.S. Lamp for Every Purpose H. G. (Deac) Reisner
fielder’s choice
By Dick Obenchain Many confused and twisted stories have been circulating about the campus concerning what really happened during the Illini tussle at Champaign Monday night. And the foundation is true. Illinois fans did storm the floor several times after various Purdue misitlays, both intentional and unintentional. An angry Illini crowd did mob followers and members of the Purdue squad after the game had ended. , —f c— ' The Illini squad was still smarting from two recent defeats and ro^e to great heights to defeat the Boilerrhaker squad. Last year’s encounter at Purdue is too recent for Illinois fans to'forget,^the scene that climaxed the game which the Illini won by a single point. At the Indiana game, earlier in the season, Illinois players were given much the same treatment that Purdue was given at Champaign this year and Illinois received here last year. —^fc— It is quite understandable that the Illinois backers were crying for revenge and keyed to a high pitch for the game of the year. This enthusiasm ran amuck as Purdue and Illinois, two traditionally rough and ready squads, performed true to form in one of the most unsportsmanlike games that has ever been known in Big Ten history. —^fc— The exhibition given by players and fans of both schools was such that it must come to a stop. And Purdue is the one who can end these annual demonstrations if they wish, or they can, by repeating these demonstrations place the two neighboring schools in such a position that friendly competition between them must be abandoned. 1 ■ —fc— Monday night, February 7, Illinois will come to Lafayette for a return game with the Boilermakers, Let’s really show them that we are not still children, trying to get revenge for an act for which the team was not responsible, an act which' was done on the spur of the moment by an irresponsible crowd. Let’s show them that Indiana fans do not always bully and threaten the visiting teams. —^fc— If for no other reason than to shame the Illini fans for their foolish and futile demonstration, let us be good sports when the Illini return.
Riflery All men interested in riflery, either instruction or practice, please attend meeting this Friday at 4:30 o’clock in room 104 in the Fieldhouse. —CLEVETT.
Squashmen Plan Big Day; To Meet Illini. Dayton Y' This Saturday will be a full day for Purdue’s squashmen, as there are three different matches scheduled. The varsity will meet the Illinois varsity in the Big Ten opener for the Gold and Black, the Purdue and Illini faculty will clash, and the Dayton YMCA will come here for a return meet. . Starting at 2 o’clock, the Boiler-
Finals Of Boxing Tourney Slated For Saturday Plans have been completed for Purdue boxing championship fights that will be held this coming Sal;urday on the intramural floor of the Fieldhquse. There will be eight contests, one for each weight. The winners of these fights will be declared champions of the University in their partidqlar Weights. Gold medals will be awarded the champions, and silver medals will be given to the runner-ups. Some In Condition The boxers have been working out in the Fieldhouse five nights a week, and some are now beginning to show signs of being in excellent condition. A few of the lads have yet to receive Punchie Maxwell’s approval on their condition. Maxwell’s theory as to the fighting condition of a boxer is: ‘When a boy can box six rounds, take a short rest and return and box three more hard rounds, he is in condition.” The majority of Purdue’s boxers can perform this feat and do it night after night. Training Methods Most of the hours spent in the boxing gym are used in pumping a gym bicycle, jumping the ropes, shadow-boxing, body exercises, and a host of other conditioning workouts for ringmen. A large 16-pound medicine ball is used by the aspirants in 'getting their solar plexus in shape for the body punches that always find a boxer when he is in action. Coach Maxwell has been holding the lads back when in actual contact, but last night^he told the team members that they are to consider their opponent a total stranger as they fight for the University championships this Saturday. Maxwell spends much time in actual instruction, and one of the points that he stresses most is .sportsmanship. He tells his proteges that he would rather have them lose every round of every fight they take part in, rather than show the slightest signs of unsportmanlike conduct. Conversations among American Legion boxing officials tend to prove that Maxwell’s words are not spoken in vain, because the Purdue boxing team is highly praised each year for its fine sportsmanship in defeat, victory, or draw.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores —
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student “DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
Barbers
MODEL BARBER SHOP 222 No. 5th Street, Lafayette “THREE GOOD BARBERS”
Locksmith
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock service our specialty. L. C. JNT. Door Closer Distributors 208-211 N. 5th SL, Phone 2828
Beauty Studio —
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE n • Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. KEENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDWe 822 MAIN
maker racquetmen will engage the Dayton YMCA, the matches to be played on the “town courts,” located at Eighth and Main. This_ will be the second meet with the Dayton team, the first having been run off in Dayton on November 27. The Gold and Black won, 4-2. The home team will consist of Lucek, Sokolowski, Clevett, Lynn, Juve, and Jackson. , Varsity Meets Illini ^ As soon as this meet is over, probably about 3 .o’clock, the Illinois varsity will meet Purdue’s squad. Indications point to hard sledding for Illinois, as the Boilermaker team has three men who copped the first three places in the Western Intercollegiate meet at Milwaukee last spring. The Illinois faculty squad will accompany the varsity on their trip here to meet a team composed of Boilermaker faculty men. This contest will be held in the faculty gym, which is on the fourth floor of the Recitation Building, at 3:30 o’clock. Pour of Purdue’s experienced faculty players who will probably play are Knoll, Fields, Karr, and Tzucker. First Come Rule To Be , Used For Home Games Students who did not turn in coupons for all basketball games must follow the first come, first served rule in obtaining seats at games according to C. S. Doan,' manager of ticket sales. Those who handed in all coupons with their Wisconsin ticket will be given preferential seating by classes. Squashmen Drop Two Matches At Cleveland Two Cleveland squash teams gained victories Saturday at the expense of the Boilermaker record. 'Fhe traveling squad first lost to the Cleveland Athletic Club, and later in the afternoon drppped a one-sided match to the University Club. Eberhart, playing number six position, won a 3-2 match, and Juve at number five, won his game, 3-2, earning the only victories out of five matches for Purdue in the Athletic Club meet. Sokolowski, Purdue’s number two ranking player, gained a 3-1 win to score the only victory for the Boilermakers in the University Club tilts. Previous to Saturday’s games, seven meets were participated in by the Boilermakers and they had managed to score three times in the win column; however, the squad lost four straight in their holiday eastern campaign. T. K. Noss To Lecture At Francesville Tonight T. K. Noss, of the University di"vision of education and applied psychology; will address a'community meeting at the public library at Francesville this evening on “Japan Challenges the Wo^ld.”
BASKETBALL —Today— Court 1—Mangas 7:00—Phi Pi Phi vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 7:16—^Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Delta Theta. 8:25—Kappa Sigma vs. Theta Tau. 8:40—Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Court 2—-Humphrey 7:00—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Pi Kappa ' Alpha. 7:15—Sigma Nu vs. Phi Kappa. 8:26—Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Alpha EpsilonCourt 3—Spehn 7:0(1-SPE vs. Phi Sigma Kappas 7:16—Delta Tau Delta vs. Delta TJpsilon. 8:26—Sigma Pi vs. Phi Kappa Psi, 8:40—Kappsr Delta Rho vs. Phi Kappa Sigma.
MU
'tTHE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday. lanuary 12, 1938
GRIN AND BEAR IT
ByLichty
'Wp:.
COAST 'TO cm&r
CusTv^^CBS ART '
“Those apples I bought yesterday were rotten, the bread was stale, and your radio program last night was terrible.”
W B A A Programs
—Todaj — 11 00—Ameiican In=;titutions, Prof. Robeit Phillips. 11- 50—Pm due News Flashes. 12:00—WLS Dinnei Bell Pro- *’ gram 12- 30—Sports Review, hy Boh Heine. 12:45—Wanita Wilson, soprano 1:00—Meditations, Rev. Wm. McFadden. 1-15—Vocational Guidance Piogiani, H. Kenn Carmichael. 1 -30—The Monitoi Views the News. 1 45—Market and Weather Reports. 2 00—Lafayette Giade School Program. 2 15—This Week in Literature A R Rolfs. 2.30— You and Your Child ' 2 45—Hymn Echoes, Mis. Irvin Jackson. 3 00—The Home Decoiatoi. 3 15—The Ameiican Scene. 3 30—Music with the Masteis 4 00—^The Stoiy Book Hour. 4-15—Melody Moods. 4.30— Better Vision. 4-45—Twilight Melodies A. P. Stewart Will Lead Music Festival Tonight Undei the direction of Albert P Stewart, Univeisity director of glee clubs and choruses, the\ combined county home economics choruses
are holding a music festival in the Jefferson High School gym at 7:30 p. m. tonight. The progiam Avill contain selections by the Indiana Home Economics Choi uses and the Purdue Glee Club . There are now 70 counties in Indiana with home economics choruses, making a total enrollment of over 2,000. As part of the piogiam an attendance awaid will be piesented by Mrs. 0 L. McCay, president of the Tippecanoe County Chorus.
University Calendar
—Today— Horse and Beef Breeders’ Associa tion Luncheons: 11-20 a. m. in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. Sheep Breeders’ Association Luncheon: ll:20"a. m in the peasant room of the Union Building. WLS Broadcast: 12 noon in the music room of the Union Building Indiana Corn Growers’ Association Luncheon: 12-10 p. m. in the le ception loom of the Union Building. Indiana Livestock Breeders’ Association Banquet: 5 30 p. m in the Union Building ballioom Camera Club: Meeting at 7 p. m in the towel loom of the Union Building Rural Amusement Contest: 7:30 p. m. in Jefferson High School Gymnasium. New Testament Class: 7 p. m i: room C of the Union Building.
Too Tough For Boilermakers
Two of the mini basketeers who spelled defeat for the highlytouted Boilermaker combination. Lasat^r accounted for five Illinois points and, combined with Wardley, aided in the strong defense that downed Purdue. Although not (boasting of an exceptional record for the early part of the season, the Illini are once more in the running for the Big Ten Crown.
Fraternities Brawl For University Snowball Fighting Supremacy
By J. C. Woodson “Chaige'” A group of yelling snowball throwing DU ihinies were off at a gallop, bearing down upon a similar gioup of pot-weaiers in the center of the Kappa Sigma lawn The snow balls ceased flying and the annual snowball battle between the D U.’s and the Kappa Sig’s became, as usual, a rousing face-washing, hair pulling brawl. According to “Deac” Reisner, well-known local alumnus of the Kappa Sig’s, it all started the year the D. U’s moved into their present abode on Noithwestern. Right after lunch ohe line wintry afternoon, the lads of both houses (who flung the first snowball, no one knows) staited hurling snowy spheres at each other. The following year, the thing became a wellplanned affair, and has been that way ever since, except for the gradual change into a mass wrestling match. Lengthy Conflict Yesterday’s encounter wasn't quite as lengthy a conflict as it “used to was,” but the carnage was piobably just as great, the gore lunning easily ankle deep. “Red” Christenson, DU pledge, came out looking as if he had tangled with an express train, and rumor has it that one (at least) Kappa Sig went home with a bloody nose. Members of both sides returned proudly bearing fragments of clothing which they had rather forcibly removed from a member of the other side.
All makes, types, and varieties of cameras weie in evidence as actives of both houses snapped photos light and left “I took 18 shots” boasted one minican fiend to his loommate Ex-Warriors’ Comment Two ex-men discussed the situation aftei the smoke of battle had cleared. “What did you think of that rat-1 ace. Hump?” inquired Glen Blown, foimer senioi football manager. “Looked like a tie scoie to me, Glen,” said Howard Humphreys, former DU prexy. “Same here,” said Brown as they strolled off to their 1 00 o’clocks. Senior To Address AIEE Today On 'Peterson Coils' Ben Olsen, electrical engmeeiing senior, will be the speaker at the regulai meeting of the student branch of the AIEE at 7 p. m. today in loom 254 of the Electrical Engineeiing Building. Olsen’s subject will be “Peteison Coils,” measuring devices, which he has woiked with thiough the summei. Thief Nets Two Watches In Fraternity Robbery About 2 a. m. Monday morning, a burglar forced enti ance into the Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity house. When the thief left he carried with
hiiU two wrist watches, one a yellow gold Waltham valued at $38, and the other a white-gold Hamilton valued at $60. The timepieces belonged to Edward Sullivan and William White, of the fraternity.
Playshop Stage Crew; Meet in sub-base-jment of Union Building January 12 M ^ ^ —BRENMAN.
Flying Club: Important meeting in room D of the Memonal Union Building at 7 p m January 12 Election of officers will take place —DOSTAL
Local Ads
Purdue Engineer: Inspection trip through Lafayette Printing Co , leaving the Engineer office at 4 20 p m sharp January 12 —GILBERT
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, pui chased, lented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
Union Workers- My committee please report to Union office JAnuaiy 12 at 4 p m. Important that all attend —JACOBSON Union Workers Oiii committees will meet in the Union workshop at 4 p m on Jaiiuaiy 12 —SAMUELSON, MILLHOLLAND.
STUDENT ROOMS —Excellent accommodations. 40 N. Salisbuiy. Call Mis. Dray 2670. ]
Notices Ho Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Badminton Players: Those already signed up for the round-robin tournament must begin match play at once Purdue meets Illinois January 15 A first team must be selected by then —BILLINGS
Men’s Varsity Debate: All men interested in varsity debate second semester please meet in room 101 University Hall, January 12, at 7 p m to plan second semester debates —WINCH
WAA Riflery: Third round,of tournament will be played January 12 Juniors vs sophomores, and seniors vs freshmen Freshmen will shoot at 7 p m , sophomores at 7 15 p , juniors at 7 30 p m , and seniors at 7 45 p m. —CHRISTENSON
WAA Ping Pong: These games must be played by noon, January 13 Johnson vs Halmond, Volekel vs. Bouton; Segast vs. Hendrickson , Lochner vs Cook , Hollingsworth vs Hoover, Guthier vs Reimann, Randall vs Delaplane Gabler vs Mather, Boehm vs Geoige —BLANK.
Camera Club All members are urged to attend a short meeting tonight at 7 .30 p m. sharp in the tower loom of the Union. Second semestti election of officers will be held, and an important announcement concerning the club s new darkroom will be made There will also be a short discussion concerning the traveling exhibit. —SAMUELSON.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting at 7 16 January 12 in the office —STEWART.
Lafayette Philatelic Society: Meeting at 4 30 p m January 12 at the Historical , Museum, 7th and Mam streets. —MILLER
Independent ntan: meeting at 7 p n January 12 —MEACHAM.
Orchesis Piac^ce will be held January 12 at 7 16 p m in the Women’s Gymnasium. —HARRY
WAA Volleyball: Games to be played on January 12, at 4 p m , Ward 2 vs WRH North Kappa vs Collegians, Chi Omega vs Ward 1, at 4 '30 p m , Pi Phi vs Ward 2 , WRH vb. Pedalion —RODERICK.
Freshman Swimming Team: All members report January 12, 13, and 14 at 4 p m for final tryouts for the freshmanvarsity meet on January 16 —EASTWOOD,
Alpha Zeta: Important meeting at 7 30 p m in the Agriculturist office in the Union —UNDERWOOD.
Debris Workers: All freshmen and sophomore copy writers and copy readers report in the Debris office at 4 p m. January 12 —MILLER.
Weekly Radio Features Lawrence Tibbett Andre Kostelanetz Paul Whiteman Deems Taylor Paul Douglas
Copynght I9$8. UcGETT &Mm$ Tobacco Co,
t'l
it
41
*^4
jV r /f