., w ^ ^ ^ ^ if ^ ^ -^t ^f, ^ r % > ^
' ?^''^-Sf‘
/'Ti:
/'
?i
Purdue^ Exponent
Volume 52, No. 14
Wednesday, Seplma^t 25, ld40
Senate Ratifies Mustache Fight Rules
Emrick Announces Seventy freshmen Band Admissions This year, the Purdue Military Band has reached a new peak, according to Gene Mundorf, the band’s publicity director. Seventy-four freshmen have been admitted into Ijhe ranks of the organization after extensive tryouts. The following freshmen have been selected to play with this year’s band: J. F. Albert, Madison, N. J.; Donald Aper, Portland; J. W. Badger, East Cleveland, Ohio; Floyd Bass, Jfew Augusta; B. H. Beckett, Indianapolis; G. L. Bixler, Oxford; B. J. Blair, Lafayette; R. P. Bowie, Knox; Paul Brown, Fairmount; R. K. Brown, Racine, Wis. R. R. Brown, Berwyn, 111.; Jack Byers, Nappanee; Donald Case, N. Y.; W. H. Charlesworth, Bridgeton, N. J.; R. B. Clifford, Indianapolis; Byron Cole, W. Lafayette; S. E. Craigmile, Knox; A. S. Czech, Poughkeepsie, N. Y.; R. L. Day, Indianapolis; H. W. Davis, Indianapolis. K. F. Dull, Gary; Clarence Fauber, E. Chicago; Brent Finch, Cincinnati, Ohio; Bill Ford, Sullivan; R. *A. Frame, South Bend; R. E. Gallatin, Garrett; J. R. Geyer, Madison; W. A. Hammer, Muskagee, pklahoma; R. R. Heine, Ft. Wayne; H. H. Helms, Veedersburg. F. J. Helmer, E. Cleveland, Ohio; R. W. H^mmingsen, Auburn, Nebr.; Gene Huffman, Logansport; J. E. Hull, Columbia City; Ridhard James, Logansport; Kastner, Bremen; H. E. Katterjohn, Paducah, Ky.; H. W. Kellar, Marion; William Keller, Madison, N. J.; Jack Laudenberg, E. St. Louis, 111. Donald Lord, Port Washington, N. Y.; E. W. Manley, DanviUe, 111.; R. D. Martin, Lafayette; R. R. McKee, Kentland’; R. McNabb, Chicago, 111.; A. T. Morphew, Plainfield; J. M. Merriel, E. Cleveland, Ohio; Merker, Kenmore, N. Y.; L. W. Myers, Indianapolis ;_J. W. Olson, Mulberry. James Ostlund, Kenosha, Wis.; R. (Continued on page 4) ROTC Brigade ^ Review To Honor Sergeant Capps First Brigade of the University will pass in review at 11 a. m. in honor of Master Sergeant Nathan Capps who IS retiring on Sept. 30. Sergeant Capps has served in the army for thirty years and has spent the last 21 with the ROTC unit heie. He first enlisted m the Cavalry in 1910 and in 1916 transferred to the Field Artillery. Before the World War he served several years in the Philippine Islands and was a member of the A. E. F. during the war. Sergeant Capps came to the University in 1919 when the ROTC was very sm^ll and has seen it grow to one of the finest units in the country. During this time he has held the ranks of instructor and First Sergeant in charge. These are the highest ranks an enlisted man can hold. He has also spent about ten summers with the advanced corps at Fort Knox. Capps is a residents of West Lafayette and will continue to live here after he is retired with the rank of Master Sergeant. jff.a. Phi Delta Theta . . . social fratermty, announces the initiation of Ralph L. Nessler, Indianapolis, Byran Brock, Stafford, Kansas; John Pfenninger, New Castle; Douglas Le Master, LaGrange; Henry Valkoff, Fort Wayne and Fred H. Lauer, Dana.
Freshman Honorary
Will Sponsor Tour The Senate's Action
Of Library Today
Today at 4 o’clock the members of Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman honorary, are conducting a tour of the University Library. This, tour is not only for freshmen and new students, but all other students. Many departments of the Library will be shown which are not open all the time. Downstairs First The tour will start downstairs and go first to the reserve book room. Not much time will be spent there, but the method of checking out reserved books will be explained. Next the group will go upstairs and through the Periodical and Reference room. Some Bruce Rogers books wiU be displayed. While upstairs the group will go through the “Stacks” then into the Goss Library. The Goss Library contains old books on the history of Engmeering and is connected with the Purdue Archives. Archives In the Archives are old parchments, Chinese books, the private library of Charles Major, popular Indiana Writer, his de^k and various things of interest to all Purdue students. A picture of John Purdue will be shown to the group and a little of his life in connection with Purdue told. Mr. Josselyn will conduct the tour, m.j.f. DairyTechnicians Will Test Products, Discuss Food Laws state and Federal Food and Drug Administration requirements as applied to cream and butter will be discussed at a meeting of Indiana dairy technicians to be held at the University, September 26 and 27, it was announced by Prof, H. W. Gregory, head of the Dairy Department, who is in charge of the program. In addition to the dairy staff members on the program, representatives from the Federal Food and Drug Administration and the State Health Department will be at the conference to explain requirements of state and federal laws regarding dairy products. Mold Tests A large portion of the time of those attending will be spent in the laboratory mUking mold tests on cream, and the mold mycelia count on butter. This will also be an opportunity for those who attend to have their own microscopes and other equipment used in connection with the mold mycelia count checked for accuracy. The program will begin promptly at 9 a. m. on September 26. p.h.
Union Assigns New Rooms For Campus Activities" Offices Assignment or new or additional room space has been offered by the Union to various campus organi2;ations. Debris has been given additional office space in room 364, and room 60 in the basement for a Photography Studio and taking of senior pictures. The Panr-Hellenic office will remain where it\is until after rush, October 20, when the new office will be announced. The Aero-modelers will have room 80 in the basement as a workshop and the Glider Club will share a part of the basement workshop. m.j.f.
. . . Monday evening was one of the most effective bits of legislature that that body has passed in the past few yehrs. Acting in the full capacity of a governing body, the Senate laid down boundaries within which mustache scraps must be maintained—or else! Framed in simple and straightforward words^ the interpretation of which cannot be mistaken, the rules outlaw most of the evils which have crept into the traditional fued between feather-lipped seniors and fuzz-allergic fresh-
men.
That the rules do not take the spirit out of the scraps or destroy the tradition was made plain yesterday by Harry Layson, Senate president, when he sj:ated that the Sen'ate was “trying to preserve a University tradition, not trying to abolish scraps.” That these scraps were in serious danger of being banned from the campus was evident from the tone of a letter from Dean of Men M. L. Fisher to Layson, which was read at the Senalle meeting yesterday afternoon. While the rules do not affect the private feuds after 6 p. m. within the privacy of students’ residences, exclusive of the University-owned Cary Halls, they do strike at the roving bands of students that have become an ever greater problem with each year’s shavings. By limiting the “zero hours” to the daylight, the Senate hopes to preserve the spirit of the feud while at the same time preventing the violence attendant with mobs and darkness. Whether these rples will control and regulate the annual jousts as is hoped by the student legislators is a matter largely up to the students themselves for whom the Senate has acted as a representative body. That they will be enforced is unquestionable in view of President Elliott’s statement which appears in connection with the news story in other columns of this paper. But as is the case with all rules—^they are merely rules and as such are vulnerable to human weaknesses. It is not just the letter of these rules that must be observed but the spirit behind them and this as we see it is the problem of every Boilermaker who is interested in preserving that intangible bit of Purdue that we call its traditions*
Alliance Will Hold Open Forum; Discuss 'Academic Freedom' The topic for tomorrow’s meeting of the Student Alliance has been changed. The meeting will be in the West Faculty Lounge at 7:30 p. m. “Academic Freedom” will be discussed at this open meeting. Because of its immediate urgency in relation to the ease of the thirteen Michigan University student leaders, this topic will he discussed instead of the previously announced Student Cooperative topic. The Michigan students are seeking readmission this week in Ann Arbor. The Coop discussion will be taken up at a future meeting, e.w.n.
R.B.WileyToSpeak On Organization At First ASCE Meeting Prof. R. B. Wiley, head of the Civil Engineering School, will address the student chapter of ASCE (^oday at 7:30 p. m. in room 201 of the Civil Engineering building. He will speak on the national organization of ASCE, of which membership is opened to any member of either the Civil or the Public Service Engineering schools. The purpose of the meeting, which will be the fiirst for the year, ps to acquaint new members and prospective members with the orgafiization and its functions. Plans for the senior parade preceding the Butler football game, will be discussed; and refreshments will be served in the “Busting Lab.” b.j,l.
Wm Osborne To Feature College Swing At Saturday Jam Session
by E. W. Nordllnger It was way tack in ’25, that a young Canadian with a soft baritone voice, first appeared on network programs. He was with a six man unit. Latet it became Will Osborne’s band, that will be featured at next Saturday’s Union Cord dance. This Canadian favored smooth music to the popular jazz of that era. When swing arrived. Will’s star comedian Dick Rogers helped compose a specialty number, “Between Eighteenth and Nineteenth on Chestnut Street.” It could not be kept a true Osborne number. Other bands used it. Collegiates began humming the tune. Soon it was sent coast to coast as America’s hit tune of the week. Original Singers Osborne has sought only singers of originality. Thus he has kept alive the chestnut tree even when other bands swung toward newer arrani^ments. Besides “Stinky” Rogers, there is
Dale Jones, every female’s heartache, specializing in rpmantic ballads. The leader himself is not one to take a back seat. Besides singing, he gets around the stage with modem gags and his clowning tactics keeps every performance moving. Colleges Prefered Will prefers college engagements, because their dances are to be remembered. Decorations are selected with care. Campus talks months in advance about dates, bands, and maybe “foul play” after the prom is over. College is the source of styles in clothes, cars, and entertainment. Professors encourage students to think. But the collegiaps become brajny in otiher fields besides Science. WiU Osborne believes-in keeping alive and finding new musical trends and ‘coUege is where he learns. Colleges make or break any band. e.w.n.
The Stery— Action Approved By President; Committee Will Try Violators
Juniors, Seniors May Obtain'40-'41 Passports Today Senior and junior passports are available today at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse. All sophomores and freshmen who have not yet obtained their identification cards should do so at once. To pbtain a passport, it is necessary tb present your schedule card at the office in. the Fieldhouse and sign the passport immediately upon acquisition. Presentation of a passport will be the only kind of ticket required of students to be admitted to the bpening football game with Butler at Ross-Ade Stadium Saturday. Students may be admitted at gates 2 or 4 of Ross-Ade Stadium via the passport route. However, for the Wisconsin and Indiana games lat^ in the season, it will be necessary to exchange the proper coupon for reserved seats, according to C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales. Senior Section For those seniors who participate in the annual parade, a part of the student section will be reserved. The rest of the student section wiU be opened upon presentation of passports. Students who desire to obtain seats outside the student section may do so by paying the Federal tax. In order to obtain preferential seating by classes for the Homecoming game with Wisconsin on October 26, the exchange of \ the H. Pearson, Converse; J. W. Phil(Continued on page A) Reamers Announce 1939 Athletic Award Winner of the 1939 Independent Student Participation Award, the Reamer Club’s recognition of the independent student most active on varsity and intramural sports, is George Frey, it has recently been announced. Frey is a senior in the civil school, living in Terry House. 'This is the second-consecutive year that this house has had the winner. In 1938 Forrest E. Fields first brought in the honor. A handsome plaque to the right of the door of the Browsing room in the Union recognizes them. Dean A. A. Potter
Tlie Student Senate yesterday afternoon ratified, unanimously, the rules governing the freshman-senior mustache fights, drawn up Monday evening by the Senate executive committee. Tfie rules ratified cover the time of, location of, duration of, and the equipment for the fights. Senate President Harry Layson was empowered by the Senate to ai>point a committee to try violators of the ruies. Official app;rpval w^ given the Senate’s action by President E. C. Elliott, who g;ave the Shnate his assurance that its rules would be backed by the University admmistration, and that punishment meted out by the Senate would be carried out. PubUc Fighting ’Tifl 6 P. Ml In its action the Senate did not restrict musWche scraps within private houses, but did ban scraps in University buildings. Fighting in public may not take place after 6 p. m. Again this role does not apply to private houses but it does apply to street fighting in the “village” or ansrwhere else after 6 p. m. “The Senate in its action was trying to preserve a University txadition,” said Layson, “not trying to abolish scraps. In mob action lies the danger in mustache fights. That danger is what we wish to eliminate.” Elliott Says . . . In the memorandum to the Senate regarding the mustache scraps President Elliott said; “The President has given assurance that the University intends to support^ the Student Senate in its efforts to bring about a reasonable regulation of the mustache feud involving memr (Continued on page 4)
Debris
. . . presided at the annual fall smoker of the Engineering staff held last night in the East FacultyLounge of the Union with about
250 present. He spoke on the de- SSlQSItiQtt
fense program now under way in Washington pnd the work which He has beei^ doing under it, telling of the relation of the measures to education, now and in the future. The heads of the different schools and departments introduced their new
staff members. w.m.c.
Organizatims
Come on campus org^anizations, submit your little literary donations teUing us the who, why, and wherefore about your~ organizations. This year, instead of the old, usual stuff writing up histories and sketches of campus organizations for publication, in Debris, campus organizations, the glee club, choir, fraternities, sororities, band and others will be allowed to write their own stories for the annuaL Make your stories as spicy or as intellectual as you care. All stories must be sent to the Debris office in
the Union. jff.z.
Have You Noticed? In keeping with its poUcy trying to present the latest news in the most modern style^ EXPONENT today inaugurates two new features in its makeup. They 'are initialed stories, which we hope will lend a personal air to tee stories (you can connect the initials with tee reporter by referring to the masthead on page two), and subheads set flush with the left side of the column. These two features are experiments and will be omtinned ex abandoned according to the dictatea of exparience. Tom: ofdnioa wodld be appreciated. Lwj.
Debris is issuing a general teB for sophomore salesmen. AU sophomores interested in entering a new sales contest -will meet to&y at 4 p. m. in room 32R of the Union. The salesmen entering this new contest wiU be on pn equal basis and those students who have been selling Debris previously wiE not have an advantage over the one just starting. Cash prizmi will be award^ ^p^Uldit homs cm Ddwis.
m4.f.
AfCM
. . ^ will hear Drs. Bray, LcvcE, Shreve and others of the Chemic^ Engineering School at the smoker in the West Faculty Imunge at 7:Sfl p. m. tonight. Drs. Bunt, I^egering, MeRott, and Pierce, vteo wlU also be present, wil^be introduced to those present. All aophomore, iunlcMr, nwi senior chemical euginears are urged to attend, jurg.4 ( I V* "
wit
PURDUE EXPOHENT
W«dtiesday« September 25, 1940
t
‘if
5* Coltumi
We read in the papers about a German submarine sinking a refugee ship the other day. The refugees drowned as realistically as in the first world war, but with a modem touch. In 1918 they went down singing “Nearer My God To Thee.” However, the world i>rogresses. This time it was “Roll Out The Barrel.” ^ * * * Another short news item informed us that the ^iryptian cabinet has taken a pledge. They have decided not to declare war on Italy but will make intensive preparations. With the Ducc’s men already 60 miles within their bordm«. * ♦ * The French “free” government led by General deGauUe attacked the French colonial possession of Dakar recently. It was Frenchman against Frenchman. Almost. According to all reports the general and his staff were accompanied.— By two British battle ships, four cruisers, and four troop ships full of BRITISH soldiers. * <•> * We notice that our professors have been mighty quiet about the coming campaign. The silence has something to do with the Hatch Act, so we looked the darn thing up. It says that anyone who is paid in part or in full by federal funds is escpressly forbidden to discuss political candidates publicly or participating in a campaign^ Which is kinda hard on Mr. Roosevelt. • • * Anyway this business should lead to a quiet campaign. With Roosevelt, Wallace^ and McNary laid aside with hatches battened down, there remains only oinr wild-haired friend from Indiana. And he hasn’t said anything since he left Elwood.
The Purdue Exponent
■ntand M ■■ecaj elMs metter Port oflBeo In !*■ fajretto, Indinnn, under the net of Congrew of Mnioh S, 1879, and at the apodal rate of postage provided for Jn aeetion 1108, art of October 8,1917, anthoriied Janoary < ~
1922. Pabliahed daily except Ubuday during the regular aeademio year and wedcly during the Btmuner Beaahm.
1«
year and . _ Delivered locally fay carrier for $8.00 xwr year, nail anb*
acription $8.50.
Editor-ln-CUef. Bnahif
JL W. Danahna Hagwnoyar
Mewa Editor.. Managing Editor. Aaaoeiate Bditon: W. B. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, y. W. Snffner, E. M. Skallomp, J. h. Traugott Businen Staff lioeal Advertialng Mahagen: D. S. Powein, G. G. Landera; Prontoiion Manager, C. B. Dangefanajor; Aecounta Manager, R. J. Sbatfotd; Circulation Manager, R. M. Beeten'wmld.
Editor
Co-ed Staff
Beth Bimpaon
AaBoeiatc Bditora: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Roae, Donna
Sleaa. “
Editor
Sports Staff
J. P. Dolan
Aaaoeiate EMUtoxa: J. F, Adanaon, P. C. Johnson, R. O.
Swahn.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Basins Sports 2792
5038;
Represented for national advertising by Mnttonal Advertisiag Sarviea, Ine., College Publlahera Representailvea, 4t0 Madison Ava., Mew York, M> Y. Night Editor—Ruffner Day Editor—^Miller Assistant Might Editor—Clark Sophomore Staff Today E. W. Nordlinger, J. R Galloway, J F. Zinski, W M Clark, J. F. Amos, F. I. Jones, C. A. Stoeckel, M. J. Fox, M K. Boynton, M. Zachary, B. J. Lahr, M Chanel
Personally we’re not taking any postage refunds these days. We’re gonna talk. The only thing that worries us is with all the government employees— Who we’re going to talk to. ♦ * * It’s a national problem, with the army and navy, and everybody’s stooges all tied up with this “no spika” business. They’re liable to forget how- * « * Of course the WPA doesn’t have to talk. They just vote. d.k.h.
Letters To The Editor
Dear Sir: We attended the meeting of the student senate this afternoon to hear the discussion on mustache shaving. We'personally believe the rules formulated by the senate were not discussed thoroughly, nor was ■Hiere a propOr representation. The freshmen are the ones most affected by these rules, and yet the senate is composed of upperclassnien. What chance has the freshman class RgaiUst this setup? To prove the discussion was not thorough, the senators did not notice, in the hill they se hurriedly passed, that freshmen gangs could roam the streets all higrlit long if they so desired, inhere is no statement which limits mustache Shaving off University and private property. Consequently, this leaves all streets and alleys open for sueh activities. The real purpose of this bill was to abandon gang activities and the injuries resulting therefrom. As may plainly be seen this has not been accomplished. If we are going to have action, let us have effective action. Sincerely yours, John E. Bowers, Sc. ’41. Robert H. Rupkey, Eng. ’44. Editor To The Letters Jn answer to the above letter we refer to today’s editorial which explains the Senate’s Rule 2 with regard to roving bands. The rule clearly bans mustache removals after 6 p. m. in any place except private homes by the residents thereof.
—UkST TIMES TODAY— "SWISS FAMILY ROBIKSON' —WITH — FREDDIE BARTHOLOMEW THOMAS MITCHELL -AMD-
Dear Sir: As I studied in my room late Sunday night, my attention was drawn to a “special events” broadcast on my radio. It was coming from the home of little Dare de Tristan who had been kidnapped on the preceding Friday. 1 had heard numerous news broadcasts concerning the disappearance of the child dnd had unconsciously prayed, as did millions of others, for his safe return. That child was a symbol of all such innocents—^ridh or poor. An immense relief swept over me as I heard the annbuncement of his abductor’s capture, and of his return in good condition to his grateful parents. I heard with a thrill the cheers of the Crowd of five thousand people who had waited patiently with the parents for long hours after the capture to welcome the little boy home. Then, as I listened to this wonderful reconciliation, an announcer broke in with a special war bulletin. Eighty-three refugee children enroute to Canada from war-torn England—away from their tearful parents and ruined homes to safety, they thought—^had lost their lives when their ship had been torpedoed. The announcement was brief and to the point, and the scene switched back to the de Tristan home. I was no longer thrilled. There remained in my mind the
thought of those eighty-three young lives so ruthlessly snuffed out. The parents of these children had gladly paid all their earthly possessions to insure their safety, just as the de Tristans had been willing to do— yet tonight they grieve as they cower in bomb shelters. Thi8 is war in all its ugliness. Let us rejoice every time a child is spared death or serious injury in our own safe and secure United States, but let us pause for a moment of each busy, self-centered day to pray to God that the suffering of English and German parents be eased in some way, be it ever so slight. —D. H. B. ’41.
LEARN TO DANCE BEGINNER'S ENROLL TONIGHT 7:00 F. M. \ TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS ENROLL THURS.,SEPT.26 7:00 P.M. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6TH & FERRY
—WITH-
JOHNNY MAC BROWN
» '
— ALSO —
"TERRY AND tHE PIRATES"
' THURS. —FRI. —SAT.
MY BON IS guilty
NEW frontier
RED RYDER SERIAL
PATHE MEWS
Kk
-todaydouble FEATURE
CLARK GABLE SPENCER TRACY — IN — SAN FRANCISCO
PLUS
THE GRACIE ALLEN MURDER CASE — WltHGRACIE ALLEN WARREN WILLIAM
Starts TOMORROW - DOUBLE FEATURE - COAST GUARD willi RANDOLPH SCOTT — PLUS — LEW AYRIE$ in YOUNG Dr. KILDARE
Starts TOMORROW
TEMMi JACK OAKIE CHARione GREENWOOD
PEBPIf ARIEEN w\h elan — LAST TIMES TODAY —
D D Jg iK
Who said anything about nice weather ? We take it all back. We are class-going sonofagun. That’^ Indiana for you—one nice day and then, with no warning—^this. Cold is bad enough without rain but after all who are we to gripe about the weather. So it ain’t neat. Anyway here’s the daily drivel. —B&B— Sigma Nn Jack Stewart is back jn his old form haunting the Sweet Shop so our informants report. It is said, likewise, that he is sporting a new blonde not from Lafayette but Brookston. Oh, well. What’s the difference. A little farther than the Pi Phi house perhaps but a blonde’s a blonde. —B&B— We wouldn’t know about the Ipweet Shop angle. We hate that place. —B&B— Since yesterday. —B&B— Had You Thought About It Department We don’t blap^ those who pull the strings for stifling moves for a pep session preceding the Butler game. Cancelling the pep session removes the temptation from the frosh to remove mustache of any foolish senior who might venture out for such a gathering. —B&B— Then there is the senior of our acquaintance who is protecting his growth by having- someone else sit in for him at his government lecture. He should have known better than to transfer to the science school. —B&B— Anne Bishop claims the dubious distinction of being the first of the class of ’44 to be pinned. She got the pin last Saturday but gave it back until her birthday. More dej:ails when and if it goes out for good this week.
LAST DAY—2 HITS CESAR ROMERO — IN — ''LUCKY CISCO KID'
ALSO
CHARLES COBURN in "The Captain Is a Lady"
Thurs.-Fri.-Sat.—2 Hits DON BARRY — IN — "THE TULSA KID" — ALSO — ELSIE JANIS — IN — "Women in the War"
r THi'Rin BROTHERS J I THE ANDREWS SISTERS: J wih i J Constance Moors \ George Reeves ^ and a $trannful of sultry Mnoritor and gay eouchod /I
UST TIMES TODAY
JOHN GARFIELD FRANCES FARMER PAT O'BRIEN in 'FLOWING GOLD'
All our thoughts are turning toward, Saturday afternoon in Ross Ade Stadium, where we will all witness our first football game of the season. While the train of your thoughts sticks to thai item, consider your costume for the afternoon. It may be warm and sunny when you start out but you’ll be surprised how cold it will get before the final quarter comes to an end. —wTw— The correct costume for the game would be either a wool dress or suit with a topcoat. Don’t teeter to the game on french heels and very sheer hose, choose the more comfortable low heeled models, either the popular spectator pump or low heeled oxfords. Sweaters and skirts and saddle shoes will be worn. Don’t forget a hat, if you do your hajr-do will look rather fuzzy for the Senior Cord Dance. Just remember to be comfortable and keep warm. —wTw— Mary Ann Carpenter looked very attractive in class this week in a flame red corduroy jumper combined with a long sleeved white shirt. . . . Jane Ostrander chooses decorated clothes (play) pins strung on a multi-colored braided string for a necklace. . . . One day this week Jane Humphries stepped out in a red and gray plaid skirt topped with a long sleeved gray flannel shirt.... One girl (name unknown) was seen wearing a wide polo belt of tan leather studded with brass nail heads. The belt fastened with two small buckles in front. —^wTw— If you are tall and slim wear a long jerkin over dress or in combination with a skirt and shirt. Mademoiselle says they are good
for bowling and I’d say try cokin’ in ’em toV —wTw— The redskins are coming she shreiked as she rushed into the dorm. The truth is they really were, but the secret is that is a name for the new brushed rayon pajamas in aviatihn red. —^wTw— Why I would have sworn that Bonnie Swope was wearing a deep red Iipsj;ick but look—^it is definitely a rose cast now. That is due to “Three On a Match,” three lipsticks like matches in a cute match case, by Frances Denny. The lipsticks are rose, bright and deep reds. —^wTw— Blond streaks in the hair like a shaft of sunlight strikes across the heads of smart young girls from Maine to Texas—^blowing back from the temple or framing the face. They learned it from the summer sun. It looked as if this fad had not been worn on this campus but lo and behold 1 we do have one. Joe polan, (who got his life guarding) has a perfect example of what I mean. —wTw— Some stuff that fashion experts say are taking their place in the sun: corduroy hats of all designs . . . wooden cigarette cases with inlaid American flags . . . gold buttons and arm insignia on a simple black corduroy suit . . . wooden jewelry ornamented in gold and delicate silver buttons in angel, jnaltese cross and dragon shapes. I —wTw— I’ll be with you again soon with more fashions on and off campus.
The Final Touch . . . How good that noon day lunch will he! And it can he much better if it is topped o^ with a good desert. The Coffee Siiop has an extra-large selection of pastries at all times. The Coffee Sh4}p also has a complete breakfast, lunch, and dinner menu at all times.
JhsL fiWulwL Tthun/rdaL TAmatL The Comer of the Cmnpj^s^ Yet the Center of Acdviiiee
4V V Vr ■ , -
W«<]ii08d(iy* Stt]}l«iiitlH»r 25> 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
9 0
Cleve/and Bows Before St, Lpuis in Tight American League Race Jupe and the St. Louis Brownies added half a ^me to the Detroit Tigers’ pennant hopes yesterday as the weatherman at least postpdned a defeat at the hands of the White Sox and the Browns set the
Cleveland Ilndian^ down by a 7-2 cotmt.
/ ' f
The Tigers will begin tomorrow’s ■
double-header with the Sox sporting a game lead oVer the Indians, and a 2% game lead over the hopeful New York Yankees, who tripped Washington twice yesterday. Another double-killing took place in Philadelphia, where the Bed Sox from Beantown made an eleventhhour stab at getting back into the Arst division. Boston banned out 23
hits in the first game.
The only important change which can be made in the National League standings is left to, the Chicago Cubs, who hope to get back into the first division by winning three , straight from the fourth-place Pittsburgh Pirates, and thus share in the profits of the forthcoming
World Series.
Mack Likes.Tigers Connie Mack, veteran manager who brenght his Philadelphia A’s to Lafayette for an exhibition game Sept. 9, predicted last night that the Detroit Tigers, should they win the .American League pennant, would probably have an edge over the Cincinnati Reds in the Series
classic.
Pittsburgh at Chicago, rain
Cincinnati at St. Louis (2), rain
(Only Games Scheduled)
TODAY’S GAMES American League
Chicago at Detroit (2) Washington at Ijlew York Boston at Philadelphia (Only Games Scheduled)
National League
Pittsburgh at Chicago (2) . Cincinnati at St. Louis (2) Philadelphia at Boston (2) New York at Brooklyn
WBAA
YESTERDAY’S RESULTS American League St. Louis> 7; Cleveland, 2 New York, 6-9; Washington, 6-4. Boston, 16-4; Philadelphia, 8-3 Chicago at Detroit, rain National League Brooklyn, 6; New York, 4
11:00—^Par East Problems
Mr. Gordon Enders
411:60—Purdue .News Folks 12:00—^Farm Facts For Farm Folks
12:16—Sport Review
12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—^Market Reports
1:00—Religious News 1:16 Meditations
1:30 Afternoon Melodies 1:46 Monitor Views the News 2:00—Elizabeth En'ders'
2:16—Music
2:30—The Bookman 2:46—^Hymn Echoes
3:00—Music
3:30—Script Show 4:00—Symphony Hall 4:30—^Melody Maids 4:46—Story Book Hour
d
City AAei
it
A
and
4
Poultry
F
220 N. 3rd Street \
Phone 5372
A
Jolene's smart new fashion nPle one of the highlights of the season. A fitting companion to your most glamorous fall ensemble.Mdiscoverf<l on one of Hollywood’s most prominent stars and brought tojwu by Jotene, America’s most pfbmihent style suthority...be sure you kee these tfxpenfiVpIy crealf d modes today!
Budget Shoe Shop Downstairs Store
Committee Chairmen Explain WS6A Work To Soph Workers Sophomore coeds desiring to participate in WSGA will meet at 4 p, m. this afternoon in the WSGA office to sign up for work on the various committees. Thie^r work will be explained by the committee chairmen,'jLouise Steirs, head of office staff, Jime Close, chairman of activities committee, and Eleanor Fink, chairman of the committee to check independent coed housing. After the functions of the committees and the requirements of workers have been explained, the new workters wHl sign up for the days they prefer to work and the committees they will work on. m.k.b. X Outing Club To Hold Get Acquainted Hike New members and sponsors were introduced at the first business meeting of Purdue Outing Club held Monday, September 23. A get acquainted supper hike to R. B. Stewart’s woods was plaimed as the first outing of the year. All students are invited to attend. Hikers will leave promptly at 6:80 from in front of the Armory. Reservations can be made through Opal Blagrave, 6766, or Marjorie Ward, 4111, before Friday noon. A fee of 26 cents will cover the cost of the supper. Rose To Tell Co-eds How To Prevent Foot Disease Women students may learn about foot infection at. a discussion in the Memorial Gynmasium at 5 p. m. this afternoon. Dr. Bertha Rose of the Student Health Service will lead the discussion. She will explain foot infections, their prevention, and what the student may do to speed the recovery of them. n.z. !
Tennis, Wrestling Coaches Give Call To Frosh Atliletes starting early in preparation for next spring’s schedule, tennis mentor Larry LaBree has issued a call for freshmen and other new students interested in intercollegiate tennis competition. All new students wishing to try out for positions on the freshmen tennis squad should be present at the meeting coach LaBree is holding in room 106 of the Fieldhouse tomorrow evening at 7:30. Although no matches are scheduled until next spring, practice will be started immediately. Loyal Riveters hope that last year’s none too good record in tennis will be improved by the early turnout. Wrestling Holding a meeting in room 107 of the Fieldhouse tonight at 7:30, wrestling Coach Reeck is calling out all freshmen desixring places on the freshman wrestling squad. Inexperienced wrestlers other than the freshmen interested in trsfing out for positions on the team are also urged by Coach Reeck to attend the meeting tonight. Wrestling as it now stands on the Boilermaker. campus is a regular varsity sport. Several meets with other schools both in conference and nbn-conference are to be held during the winter months. All neophyte wrestlers should be certain to attend the meeting tonight. Religious Council „... executive committee met Monday night and placed the names of Thelma Bugher, Senior Home Economics, Jerome Fisher, Senior Mechanical, and Willis Schalliol, Sophomore Engineer, in nomination for the post of vice-president of the Council, made vacant last week by the resignation of Bonnie Swope. The council will vote on the nominees at the regulation meeting tonight in room 68, j.r.g. /
You’ll Do Better at
Fine Furniture, Rugs, Carpets, Linoleuni and Draperies
for Mote Fun 0«tWe Chew Delicious OOUBltMlHT BUM Dailj iun ol ohewmg j poOBlEMlWt ^ The velvety ^hevtogsdde to the helps oooliog, everythtog youdo. ieelrefaeshed.. • inexpei^sive treat lielps sweeten you b ^^^active. tion ... ''f JX to heellhivl. dehcioue Tieat youiaell daily ' • ,
Elward's Varsity Drills Against Frpsh Gridders by Joe Dolan Purdue’s football squad was like a bunch of ducklings who had seen their first water in months yesterday afternoon, as the boys went through the first practice session of this campaign with wet weather conditions prevailing, and the poor freshmen opposing the upperclassmen felt the result of a weather change. What a beating the Rhinies took! However, a cold finger of fate was
Intramural Sports
Golf All qualifying rounds of the allcampus golf tournament must be played before Saturday, September 28, as stated by the Intramural department. Faculty members are invited to participate along side of the .students in this tournament. Before planting their qualifsting round, participants are requested to meet at the West Lafayette golf course where Mr. Linee will arrange the pairings. Sigma Delta Psi Sigma Delta Psi, honorary athletic fraternity, will hold a meeting for all of its members at 7:30 o’clock Thursday evening, September 26 in room 104 of the Fieldhouse. Persons interested in trying out for the qualification tests are urged to be present at the meeting. Some of the tests which are part of the qualifications are as follows: mile run, javelin throw,- hurdles> tind hand stand. Schedlules Wednesday, September 25 4:15—Freshman | Tennis H. J. Gardner vs. T. Ir. Liang or J. Davis. Heller vs. Cook. - ’ R. L. Parker vs. Shafer or Wells. Peterson vs-. Dudzinski. Bob Parker vs. McLaughlin. Pickering vs. Oakes. Christensen vs. Bahmer. Lichtenberg vs. Gross. Porterfield vs. Hoose. 4:15—Sophomore Tennis Osborne vs. Baughman. Walsh vs. Hay. Schalliol vs. Lau or Anthony. Sells vs. Pierce. Crotchfidd vs. Fleck dr Siener. J. Shaw vs. Dick Stetner. 4:15—Junior-Senior Tennis < Papurea vs. Lafferty. Mangold vs. Mmphy. Kamisky vs. Cummings. Wunderiey vs. Huisken. Reed. vs. Massey. E. H. Vaughn vs. Collins or Paul. Vitale vs. Marshall or Armstrong.
Diamond
1 HI vs. Bl. 2 A1 VS-. CL 3 D1 vs. IFL
SOFTBALL
thrtist into the practice field by the revelation of what an x-ray photo had told about Bryant Brock’s injured knee, which received a severe bump in Monday’s scrimmage. Dr. Miller reported that Junior Brock’s , knee had been fractured, and that' a lay-off from action was advisable at present. The diagnosis is as yet questionable, because Brock 'esm walk on the injured leg witjhont pain, and when interviewed, stated that the same injmTr had occurred in high s.phqol and often in other sports when the spot was hit fairly hard. Shimer Shines One of the highlights of the afternoon and evenipg drill was the play of Bill Shim.er,. sophomore end. The big hoy, tipping the scales about 206 is coming along fast under the personal supervision of Mai ESward, no doubt the best wing coach in the country. The right end spot is one of the weakest positions on the squad, because it will be in the hands of inexperienced sophomores and the transfered Tykocld, heri^ tofore a hal^ck. Use Bulldog Plays The freshman squad, using Butler plays, as reported by Butler, Scopt Sam yoiiui^, dehted the Purdue fittp for a few gains, but on the whole, just ^mitnaged to keep :^m losihg yardage. Butler passes and passing formations • failed to click agaii^ the Purdue seciondary of Petty, Aixrton. Kersey, Byelene, and Galvin, other hacks seeing plenty of action , were Anderson, Cari»r, 'Schuxnaehtr, Cary, and Fijala. Two sophomore tacMes, <)*Biya3l and Warren, were being grddih^ to assist iegalars llmperman dfid AI Rossi, atad spent the eveiiifig bothering freshnieU ends to no' end of <Bsc'omfort. ’ -—I : - I 4 .Sa.VB.BL ,, .-J 6 H2 im. B2. 4 A2 VB. <32. ' ' . '-■u.. 7 P2 vs. F2. 8 Ha V8.’S2. ' • ■■ ''ti 9 H8 v]9. B8. 10 As vp. C3. ' ' ' ' 11 DS VB. FS. 12 £8 vs. S8. 13 H4 VB. B4. 14 A4 va. C4. 16 D4 VB. F4. 16 S4 vs. S4. ! 17 Phi Delta Theta v9. Tan Kapi^ 'Fpsilonl
# The eloquent fragrance of **Opening Kight’’ perfume makes this one of the most irresistible eologifes you have ever used. Come in for it soon . • . and see if your audience doesn’t applaud and che^r.
Travel PAC with At<iai|^ DECKER’S
518-20 Main St.\
PURDUE EXPONENT
WednesdcoTf S^pt^mber 25>/1340
(IK,
\W^
:Kt ipk^
Senate
(Continued from page 1) bers of the senior and freshman classes. Such regulation hsis become necessary on account of the increasing danger to individual students and to groups of students. Violators of the regulations set up by the Student Senate will be required to appear immediately before the Student Senate. When judged guilty, the penalties by the Student Senate will be confirmed by the University. Such penalties will range all the way from the loss of passports to exclusion from the University.” Penalty For Violators Penalty for the violation of the rules will be at the discretion of the Senate committee appointed to try offenders. As the President stated the penalties vs^ill range from temporary loss of passports to dismissal from the University. The rules as passed by the Senate yesterday were: 1. Mustache shaving or its preliminaries will not take place in University buildings. 2. Mustache shaving will be restricted to hours 8 a. m. to 6 p. m. Shaving will not start’before Thursday at noon and Mrill'continne until Saturday noon the Week of the senior cord parade. This ruling does not apply to ' shaving on private property by resident of said property. 3. Only safety razors are to be used. No straight razors. 4. Violators will be required to appear immediately before a Student Senate committee appointed by the president of the Senate. j.h.mck. Senior Women Offered Opportunity To Register In Piacement Service Senior coeds who attend the meeting of all senior women Thursday at 4 p. m., in room 363 of the Union will have the opportmiity to register with the Teacher Placement Service and the Placement Service for Women as well as to become acquainted with the services. Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, consultant in careers for women will preside, while Dr. G. E. Davis, head of the education and applied psychology depar^ent, and Miss Irene Feldt, directpr of the women’s placement service, will inform the coeds of the help offered by the two services, n.z.
You'll want several/
top
1
■/
Made of exquisite knit fabrics in plain and fancy weaves. Styled for perfect fit and comfort Long wearing and easy tp launder.
THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622>626 Main Sf. Lafayeltn, Ind.
Emrick Announces Modem Dance Club
(Continued from page 1) lips, Homewood, 111.; William Resnick, Hammond; A. E. Reynolds, Canton, Ohio; Dan C. Ross, White-* land; J. F. Rumpza, Lafayette; C. R. Russell, Westfield; R. M. Scudder, Waldron; Charles Seville, Roseland. R. O. Shideler, W. Lafayette; Francis Shinkle, Richmond; Charles Showalter, Cleveland, Ohio; F. E. Skinner, Thorntown; G. P. Speng}er, Rockford, 111.; W. A. Spraker, New York; R. A. Sprenger, Wauwatosa, Wis.; H. L. Smith, Paducah, Ky.; Thomas Smith, Indianapolis; R. G. Teitel, Indianapolis. Marion Teter, Lopel; Richard Thoms, Indianapolis; W. E. Tschopp, Lafayette; H. H. Wakeland, Indianapolis; S. J. Wheatley, Tipton; Herbert Zinsmeister, Otterbein. w.m.c. Independent Men . . . interested in singing in the PIA Men’s Chorus can sign up today in the PIA office or be present at the tryouts Thursday at 4:30 in room 307 of the Union. In an attempt to enlarge the chorus to forty this year there will be about 25 vacancies. The growth of the chorus will be due to the growing demand on the part of the students who wish to sing in an organization of this kind, j.r.g. Classified Ads FOR SALE Tjrpewritcn and addlnc MaeUaca, new and naed, for aale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mlmeognraph and multigraph work. C. F. B^eishoff, 606 Main St Phona 2779. —da
Rnss-Rent-A-Car Service. Cara for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all nieht Phone, 2407.
Wanted: Used L. L. slide rule. Call 76064 between 4 and 6.
Underwood portable typewriter, good condition, Reasonable. Apt. No. 6, 11 University St. North side .entrance. Miss Jones.
Help Wanted: Young man to make beds and clean in exchange for room. Phone 3210, evenings.
Lost: L. L. Decitrig Duplex Slide Rule with name A1 D. Croxall. Reward. Gall 3063.
Wanted: Alterations, sewing or mending and typing to do. Phone 3740.
Lost: Pair shell rimmed glasses in blue caae, Saturday, Sept. 21, at Fowler Hall. Will finder please call Cary Hall South, room 849W. Reward offered.
Lost: Diamond engagement ring, women’s restroom. Union Bldg. Return to Union office. Reward.
. . , will meet tonight at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gymnasium. All old members and any new aspirants are urged to attend. While experience is not necessary, those whp have had experience will have a distinct advantage. Announcement concerning activities for this year will be made at a later date, w.m.c.
Passports
(Continued from page 1)
coupons for reserved seats will be made according to the following schedule: Seniors Oct. 7-8 Juniors Oct, 9-10 Sophomores Oct. 14-15 Freshmen Oct. 16-17 For the Indiana game, the exchange will take place as follows: Seniors Nov. 4-5 Juniors Nov. 6-7 Sophomores Nov. 11-12 Freshmen Nov. 13-14 Lost, Strayed, Stolen Any student who loses his passport should notify C. S. Doan, ticket manager, at the Fieldhouse as quickly as possible. Replacement will take approximately two weeks and will cost the student ofte dollar. Those students who were not photographed during registration are requested to be photographed for their passports on Saturdays from 10:50 to 11:50 a. m. in Room 2, Stanley Coulter HalL The student should carry his passport with him at all times. Passports are for the exclusive use of those to whom they are presented.
Notices
Na noticaa lacaivaA after 6 p. ai, Purdue Player/: There will not be a picnic Wednesday, September 26, due to tryouts and rehearsals. ^ —CARR. Frosh Tennis: All freshmen interested in the varsity tennis meet report at 7:30 p. m., Thursday, September 26, in the Fieldhouse gym. —LA BREE. Football Ushers and Police: Meeting at 4 p. m. Thursday, Sept. 26, in west end of the Fieldhouse. The following men will report: Head Ushers: C. W. Messersmith, L. W. Thomas, R. S. Crog, R. C. Davis, K. S. Warren, W. S. Hastings, E. E. Schnetzler, H. A. Bolz, B. J. Funcheon, G. D. Meid, G. S. Winn, C. O. Mocic, P. A. Wiseman. Ushers: R. F. Abell, A. Arnold, R. C. Basenfelder, R. A. Blank, G. S. Bradac, J. O. Bray, P. J. Carr, R. W. Carson, I. Claseman, R, A. Claseman, V. J. Clodfelter, C. R. Coleman, K. Coleman, J. B. Cooper, I. Daniels, J. Deda Crox, E. W. Dierdorf, J. R. Dollens, C. J. Duesler, B. T. Fleming, R. C. Gantz, R. O. Grace, Jl. F. Green, Wm. Hames, F. C. Hess. L. E. Hiddle, V. L. Higdon, J. Hobson, P. W. Hobson, F. L. Hopping, J. A. Janisch, Delbert Johnson, F. A. Kalina, Don Kemp, F. Kinder, A. J. Kochlas, I. W. Lumpkin,
A R. A. Lynch, Jack McGrathi-Warren McLahe, J. S. MdRue, N. E. Maroziok, W. G. Miller, R. J. Myers. ' E. Nordell, J. A. Pedlar, P. L. Petrich, C. G. Petenza, E. Probst, M. G., Ragsdale, W. L. Rarick, R. G, Riley; R. Rotnanowich, R. W. Schmidt, J. E. Sheldon. B. Silverman, Bl. B. Skubick, Walter F. Smith, S. C. Sperling, W. Stroyeck, H. Sutherlin, E. M. Tingley, G. F. Tippy, K. Truax, R. E. Umbaugh, W. C. Walker, G.' R. Walter, Jack Wargo, R. J. Winner, J. E. Wuijderley, W. G. Yoder, E. B. Young. Police: N. R. Axelrod, Thomas Bailey, Robert Baker, Paul Baumgardt, G. R. Bloomquist, Paul Bohn, Lou Britt, John Cline, John Davisson, J. J. Denzler, Dale Duffin, Richard Dugan, J. A. Edwards, John A. Emmert, Wm. Fields. B. Fisher, Walter Frank, Wayne Galey, A. V. Gaulke, Donald Grant, Robert Harroff, Robert Hase, G. Higgins, Ed Hill, K. Jaynes, Wm. Kashner, R. D. Klein, A. Kusko, W. L. Leifheit, J. H. Lux, W. B. McAdams, Keith McLaughlin, P. D. Mitchell, Jim Pechin, J. A. Powell, Charles Rafferty. W. J. Ridgway, N. T. Schmalzreid, G. Shulman, Fred Snively, C. B. Sohl, Glenn Stockmeier, Wm. Stuart, W. C. Thompson, Jim Tullis, John Uland, Carl Volkman, Gene Voss, Wm. Walker, Dick Wargo, W. J. Waterhouse, Richard Willy, Salyer. Additional luhers are needed. Apply at ticket office in Fieldhouse. —LOMMEL.
Modern Dance Club: Meeting W'ednesday, September 26, at 4 p. m. in women’s gym. All old members and new aspirants urged to attend. Experience is not necessary. All wh ocan not come see Knight personally. —KNIGHT. AH Freshman Coeds: Those intending to obtain license to teach PEW must attend meeting in Women’s gymnasium, Thursday, September 26, at 4 p. m. —KNIGHT.
Religious Council: Important regular meeting Wednesday, September 26, promptly at 7:80 p. m. in Religious Council office, members are urged to attend: all persons Policy and program will be discussed. All interested are invited. —MAGNUS.
Independent Staff: Meeting Wednesday, Sepk 26, at 7:30 p. m. in the PIA office. Important. —ARCHIBALD.
All Students: Petitions for the offices of assistant business manager and press publicity manager on the Board of Directors must be in by noon Friday, September 27. -CARMICHAEL.
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting Thursday, September 26, at 6:30 in the office. Dinner will be served. —BRYANT. Radio Guild: Meeting Thursday, September 26, at 7:30 p. m. in room 302 of the EE building. First meeting of the year. —PITTENGER.
Purdue Outing Club: All students hre welcomed to a supper hike Friday, September 27. Hikers will leave front of Armory promptly at 6:30 p. m. For reservations please call Opal Blagrave, 6766, or Marjorie Ward, 41111, before Friday noon. Twenty-five cents will cover cost of supper. —PARKER.
Alpha Phi Omega: Executive meeting postponed, —^YATES. Susan and God Cast: Tentative cast will meet Wednesday, September 26, at 8:16 p. m. in stead of 7 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Bring schedule of classes, afternoon and evening engagements. —CARMICHAEL.
Purdue Women’s Club: Two Splash hours in the Women’s gym on Tuesday, October 1, and 'Iliursday, October 3, at 10 a, m. Each person must bring a doctor’s permit, her own cap, and ten cents. Regular swimming classes will begin Tuesday, October 16. Mrs. K. W. Crain is in charge of the swimming group this ye^^^^^
Activity Bureau Sophomores: Compulsory meeting for all sophomore workers Thursday, September 26, at 4 p. m. in the bur^u office. —WALLEY. Registration Workers: Students who worked for the Registrar during the first semester registration and turned in their time promptly, may get their check by call-
ing at the Registrar’s office.
-STONE.
All Sophomores: Interested in working on the Purdue Travel aimphrey at 2673. —HUMPHREY. WAA Tennis: Schedule of singles tourney posted in gym. First round ^ off by September 28. —BMHOFF..
Play A ^^CLEAN” Game Enjoy the thrills of fall sport in smart clean clothes—snappy and bright looking. The 4est of vigorous play is enhanced with clothes dry cleaned for perfect neatness, for durable comfort.
riMC eLCA« ggs OF riwE clothbs
Special Purchase Sale For Students 24 in. Celluloid Lined T Squares - - fi’?® 200 Approved Dissecting Sets 1000 Pads Form 2 Biology Paper 29c 1000 Pads Form 4 Biology Paper - 29c 3x5 Index Cards 150 in Package lOc Shinola Shoe Shine Kits ..—2^ Large Desk Blotters ^ 5® 5000 ^ Pound Note Book Fillers Regular Price 10c 2 for 15c 2000 3 hole 9^4 x 6 Stiff Back Note Books 15c 2000 Reams Yellow Paper...' - 2^ 500 Laboratory Aprons.. "® 300 Laundry Cases -— - ®^® 25,000 Manila Report Covers 20 for 2Sc BUY YOUR COLLEGE SUPPLIES HERE AND SAVE (We Always Sell for Less) PURDUE STORE 5 - 10-25 - $1.00 up Next to Bartlett's in the Village
Chemical Engineers,:- Smoker in WestFaculty Lounge Wednesday, Sep,tenib(6r 26, at 7:86 p, m. All sophomore, junior, an4 senior Chemicals are urge dto attend. Meei> ing is sponsored by AIChB. —MASSEY.
AU Sophomore Girls: Those interested in working toward junior positions on WAA Council by doing office work or making posters sign up at Women’s gym, Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday, September 26, 26, 27, at 4 P. m. —WBSTOVER. W. A. A.: Cabin Leaders’ Course is to be given September 28 through 26 at the Women’s gym each night at 7:80 p. m. under the direction of MIm Fraser. All girls are urged to come out. This course is combined with the camp craft course that was Kiven last year. -CASE.
Fraternity Freshmen: AU fraternity freshmen wanting to tryont for Intramural Manager please report to the Intmmnral office in the Fieldhouse. —CLEVETT.
WAA Council: Meeting Thuresday, September 26, 7:16 p. m. —WBSTOVER.
Sophomore co-eds: Meeting Wednesday, September 26, at 4 o’clock in WSGA office for all sophomores interested in working far WSGA. - —STEERS. WSGA Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday,' September 26, at 7:80 in the WSGA office. —ZWIERLEIN.
Scabbard and Blade: Meeting 'Thursday, September 26, at 7:30 p. m. in room 804 of the Union. —MEESE.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting Thursday. September 26, at 7:80 p. m., in room 232 of the Union. Mr. Ainslee will si>eak on "Science and the Bible.” Visitors are welcome. —SMI'TH.
SC A: Meeting will Im Thursday, September 26, in room 64 of the Union building, ' —brown. ASCE: Meeting Wednesday, Septembei'V 26, at 7:80 in room 201 of the Civil Build- ^ ing. Plans for the senior parade wiU be dikenssed, and the organization will be explained. Refreshments. —^McCAMMON. Freshmen and inexperienced wrestlers: Meeting September 26, at 7:80 p. m., room 107, men’s gym and Fieldhouse. —REICH. Glider Clnb: Meeting of all members and candidates Thursday, September 26, at ’ 7:30 in room 868 of the Union. —KANE. Glider Club: Wdrk session Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday aftemdons from 3 to 6 at Club Garage on aUey behind Tucker’s gas station. —KANE. Alpha Zeta: Regular Alpha Zeta meeting Wednesday, September 26, 7:80 p. m., room 302 in Union. Important. —STEWART. Gimlet Clnb: Meeting at Phi Kappa Psi house Wednesday, September 26, at 6 p. m. Bring money and tickets. —TAYLOR. PA Systems: Open bid for P. A. system for PIA tea dances. Information at the PIA office in the Union, —ELDER. Sophomore Color Guards: Report to room 108 in the Armory instead of your organization on your corps day. —BURKHART. Camera Club: Joint meeting of the Darkroom, the Exhibit, and and the Program committeesf Thursday, September 26, (at 7:30 in room 828. All those who signed up for these committees should be present and others are invited. GEPHART.
*>
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies Uniyerslty Book Store Across from the Union Next to the College Inn M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
• Hardware Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices
822 Main
Phone 2777
• Dairy Products
M. E.
i^OREIiOUSE
QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
ANNOUNCING . . . .
Reduced Rates
for
Classified Ads
WHETHER
IT BE FOR SALE FOR RENT FOR TRADE-
You’ll be certain to contact your better ibarket through the new classified ad columns of the Exponent. Ads taken at the Union Desk or at *he Business office 312 No. Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana.
the Purdue Exponent
$ »■
4>^
M'/