Honoraries To Hear Dr. M. Luckiesh General Electric Director Speaks At Banquet Tonight At 6j30 Members of the various engineer^ iug honoraries will hear an address by Dr. Matthew iJiickiesh, E. E. *69, i)ow director of the Gerteral Electric Lighting Lab, Nela, Ohio, tonight at 6:30^o’cibck^n the Union Irail■■robm;;;. ; Tail Beta Phi, Chi Epsilpn, Eta Kappa Nu, Pi Tau Sigmsi and Phi Lambda Upsiion are sponsorihg the Jjahquet, but freshman aiid sophomore distinguished students, as well as members of the organizations, ihay attend. Dr. Luckiesh, writer Of 20 books and several jtechnical articles, has been awarded a gold medal by the Distinguished Service Foundation of Optometry for his researches in the field of vision. He is also a member of Tau Beta Pi and Sigma Xi honoraries.
University Band Defends Honors At Kentucky Derby Festival In Louisville Toniglit
Will Broadcast Second Program At 1 s 30 The second talk in a series em titled^ “The Man Behind the Wheel” will be broadcast over WBAA, University radio station this afternoon at 1:30 o’clock. The program consists of interviews with persons driving along the streets of Lafayette and endeavors to see how much people know about the rules of the road. At the conclusion of the interview, a copy of safety suggestions is given to the obliging motorist. The place selected for today’s broadcast will npt be divulged until the end of the program- Tom McGreadie is the announcer, and J. R. McElheny, of the public safety institute is the interviewer.
Special Prom Studio/' Audience ety Suiiirdixy Prdm-goers and their imported dates will have an opportunity to witness a special broadcast on Saturday afternoon from the faculty lounge ef the Memorial Union Building over WBAA, the University radio station. The broadcast will start promptly at 2;16 o’clock and will continue for 30 minutes. This program, known as the “Campus Variety -Hour”, will present the music of one of the local campus orchestras along with some student talent arid a comedy team. It has been desigried especially for prom-gojers, who will make up the “studio audience” during the program, since there is little else to do on Saturday afternoon.
Leaving Lafayette this morning at 7:30, on a Monon Special, the University Band will arrive in Louisville, Ky., at noon and will participate in the Kentucky Derby Festival Day parade tonight.
Op4n House
Uniform .Respite
For ROTC Students All members of the University ' Military Corps are permitted to remain out of uniform till Tuesday, May 12, when the corps will be reviewed by the Rotary club. The annual respite from the wearing bf the uniform is granted for the purpose of getting the clothing of the corps cleaned in preparation for the annual National Inspection. Major General William E. Cole will make
the inspection on May 15.
W. T. Wyly, of the Illinois state highway commission, spoke on “Foundations and Flying” at a meeting of the A. S. C. E. in the Civil Engineering Building last night, He discussed problems in f oundation work and in the latter part of his talk related some interesting experiences encountered in the World War. Wyly, who has a wide range of experience, was employed several years ago by Prof. C. A. Ellis, of the civil staff, then an employer of
engineers in Chicago.
Lt. Col. Brewer To Talk Before Chess Club Lt. Col. Carlos Brewer will explain the similarity between chess strategy and military strategy before the Chess club next Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Union Building. J. W. Connelly and E. C, Filstrup will play off the finals of the All-University chess tourney at this meeting, Plans will be discussed for a tourney with the Indiana University team.
Test For Radio “Hams” Tomorrow A comprehensive test covering the theory and operation of a radio transmitter will be given tomorrow evening at 7:15 at the Triangle house for the members of the Radio club. The purpose of the test is to qualify men as operators for the University amateur station, W9YB. A transmitter will be installed on the ground floor of the Electrical Engineering Building and keys for its operation may be obtained by anyone successfully passing the test
mentioned above.
Show Goes On Sans Curtmn Pl^shdp Will Present Romantic Young Lady “Believe it or Not!” The curtain did not go up but the show went on! The answer is Simple—there was no curtain. Such is the procedure that Playshop will employ in its Mpther’s Day show, “The Romantic Youiig Lady”, which is to be given in the’ Jefferson high school auditorium. May 8 arid 9v This hovel method of presenting a play is accomplished by the use of “Black Outs”. The lights are dimmed to denote the beginning and end of the act while the actors make their entrances and exits. The play has the touch of the modern, light-hearted family that seems to be so happy. Three young,^riare-r free brothers in love with a Nijinsky of the theatre and their sister who falls for a novelist, find themselves in amusing situations. Throughout the entire play the tenseness is qverr ridden by the domination of the one who had been married three times— the lovable old grandmother. Condition Of Casey Chasteen Critical J. E. Brock Im Hospital With Infected Knee. ^ The condition of A. M. “Casey” Chasteen, associate editor of the Exponent, was very serious according to reports from the hospital last night. Chasteen has been suffering from an attack of kidney trouble and complications have set in to aggravate his weakened condition. His parents arrived at his bedside Monday. He is allowed no visit-
ors.
J. E. Brock, sophomore in the mechanical school and member of the editorial staff' of the Exponent, is in the St. Elizabeth’s hospital with an infected knee. He is expected to be released from the hospital within-a few days.
Aecbrding; to M. G,^ festival band chairman, Purdue’s band is to have the place of hopor leading the Queen’s division. Thb ^roi^ hPS^^n^ its lighting display mbspectacular thrin ever before especially for this trip and hopes to again ivin the contest. More than 600 light bulbs are used in the display. Band members will spend the day at the races at Churchill Downs, as guests of the Derby Festival Assor ciation and will have dinner with PUrdue alumni at the Kentucky
hotel.
Test Proves Men Still Like To Read Comics St. Petersburg, Fla.-^(ACP). Although male students are markedly superior to coeds in knowledge of world affairs gained through newspaper reading, they still favor the sports section and the comic strips, to judge from results of a recent test given at St. Petersburg Junior College.
Mrs. MUler, ’26, To Talk On Decorating May 5 Mrs, Eleanor S. Miller, Purdue ’26, a coordinator in the home furnishing division of Ayres’ and Company, Indianapolis, will give two lectures in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building on May 6. These lectures will be part of the Better Homes Campaign in America. At 11 o’clock Mrs. Miller will speak on decorating fundamentals, and at 4 o’clock she will speak on fabrics used iri the hoirie. Both meetings are open to the public.
Seniors Hear Aviation Talks Lt. Butterfield, W. vanHaitsma Visit Campus Seniors interested in_aviation yesterday had the opportunity to talk with Lieut. H. B. Butterfield, commanding officer of the U. S. Naval Aviation Base, at Great Lakes, 111., and W. van Haitsma, director of education at the Boeing School of Aeronautics, in regard to a career in the field of avaiation. Lieut. Butterfield was on the campus for interviews from lO a. m.vtill 2 p. m. He talked principally with those men interested in joining the Naval School of which he is com-
manding officer.
; Mr. van Haitsma Conducted his interviews in the Fowler hotel at the same hours as the naval officer, .and at 4 o’clock addressed aviation enthusiasts in room 208 of the M.E. Building. In the evening he spoke to the University Chapter of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, using slides to supple
ment his talk.
Discussion Group There will be a meetitig of the Discussion Group at 7:30 tonight. “Death’’ will be the subject of discussion with Carl Lindquist as the leader. Anyone who is interested is invited to attend the meeting.
Expect 4,000 Visitors To Inspeci iJniversiiy
Buildings ■
Nearly 4,000 high school students and visitbrs are expected to attend the annual open house to be held on the cariipus next Wednesday night; from 7:30 uritil 10 o’clock. All of the engineering schools, Michael Golden Shops, Physics Building, Biology Building, and the Pharmacy Building will be open for inspection by the public, it was anuounced last'night by Prof. W. A. Knapp>^assistant dean of engineering. The principal laboratories of these buildings will be operated under conditions similar to those during class hours. Special demonstrations and lectures will be given in the foundry. Electrical Building and in the Chemistry Building. All exhibits are being prepared by studerits of the respective schools. Souvenirs Will be given away in the machine shop. No admission will be charged.
Dr. Lillian Gilbreth will be the principal speaker at a Mother’s Day convocation sponsored by the Y. W. C. A. at 9:30 O’clock Sunday morning. May 10, in Eliza Fowler Hall. Musical selections will be sung by the University Concert Choir of 70 voices under the direction of A. P, Stewart. All men and women students of the University are invited to bring their mothers and fatfiers to this program commefnorating Mother’s
Day.
Play For Post Prom Dance
Popular Oriental Gar-
dens Maestro Here For Saturday Mixer According to an announcement by the Student Union last night, Charley Boulanger and his original NBC orchestra will play for the PostProm dance to be held in the Union ballroom Saturday night from 9 to 12 o’clock. Boulanger jay) directs a twelve-piece orchestra and features June Bennett and Art Steffen as vocalists. He has been broadcasting from the Oriental Gardens in Chicago, and has played several engagements ati rate Radison hotel, Indianapolis; Park Central hotel. New York City; Asbury Park Casino, Asbury Park; N,. J.;i and the Everglades i club, Palin Beach, Fla.
Scieiitists
Bacteriologists’ Annual Banquet At 6:30 Bacteriologists of the Indiana chapter of the National Bacteriology Society will meet in the reception room of the Union Building tonight at 6:30 o’clock for a dinner meeting. Prof. E. H. ParfittandP.J. Babel; of the dairy department, collaborated in the writing Of a paper on ‘*Baeteriological Control of Ice Cream”, and Dr. C. A. Behrens and R. K. Jennings, 'of the biology department; wrote the paper entitled “Experiments in Purification Of Virus of Rabies”, both of which will be read at the meeting. Other manuscripts ~t0 be read were written by Dr. W. H. Headlee, Dr. R. M. Cable, Prof. T. A. Tetrault, Prof, C. O. Lee, J. M. Barker, and R. L. Phillips, all of the biology department.
rms
Pres.
Anuapolis Inspection
Dr. Edward C. Elliott is one of the members of the board of visitors composed of distinguished educators and members of Congress making the annual inspection of the United States Naval Academy. The board is appointed by President Roosevelt.
Come An - Get ^Em
John W. Foreman, Goshen School Head, Dies Suddenly John W. Foreman, 63; a former Purdue student arid superintendent oi the Goshen schools for the past 16 years, died suddenly Monday night after a week’s illness with infiuenZa, He attended Columbia, Chicago, Purdue, and DePauw Universities, graduating from the latter in 1901:
Prom ticket distribution will begin at 8 o’clock this morning at the cashier’s office. University Hall, and will continue through tomorrQW and Friday. Fraternity booths will fie set up in the Union Friday and the social chairman of each organization must see to the arrangements of his fraternity’s booth. Programs will be distributed with the tickets. Chairman ^‘Lefty” Martin announces.
By M. P. Hatfield.
I feel that the time has come to tell the truth about the theft of the Old Oaken Bucket. I can tell this riow, as all of the nijen directly involved are no longer connected with the UniVersity. , On the afternoon of November 20, 1930, the worst tragedy that could ever befall a PurdUe team took place. Indiana defeated Purdue’s football team by the score of 7 to 6. Purdue had been the top-heavy favorite and everyone was completely overwhelmed at the outcome of the game. I. U. Students Take Bell A group of Indiana students decided to add insult to injury by trying to steal our Victory Bell. The first several atteiripts were thwarted, but the Indiana faculty teaches their men to try, try again. About 5 o’clock that afternoon the report went out that the bell had disappeared from its house. There is a limit to all human endurance and this insult was the straw that broke the camels back. The entire student body became so incensed that several car loads "of students started out in the direction of Bloomington with the one thought
in mind that they were going to catch the thieves. One ear actually caught sight of the car that was pulling the bell. As soon as the thieves realized that they were being chased, they cut the rope that at-
tached the bell carriage to their car and sped away as fast as they could. In spite of the fact that the bell had been recovered, the feeling still ran high on the campus. Revenge was in everyone’s mind. Plan Revenge A 1930 Pontiac coach drove up in front of “Deacs” and one of the car load got out and went in. This man bought 60 cents worth of Indiana stickers, and before he left he Obtained a pronaise from the man he purc^iased them froui to forget all about the purchase. The buyer did not notice that another man was in the store and this slip Was the one thread that led the police to the culprits. After putting the Stickers on the car’s windshield the group drove
off.- ■
: There were seven Purdue students in this car as it left Lafayette in the direction of Indianapolis. One of these nien knew that the Bucket was going to be Shipped down to Indianapolis by ejepress and it was to be called for by a minor official from Indiana. The conspirators were very careful to wait at the express station until the parcel had been col(Oontinurid on page 4)
Cosmopolitan Club
Sponsors
Program Tuesday Members of the University Cosmopolitan club will present “International Night”, a three-act musical comedy entertainment, in the Union ballroom next Tuesday night at 7:30: o’clock. Seventeen nationalities will be represented, and costumes, songs and dances of each will be presented in their old and modern w^y?. Dances wiU be presented by Jane, Allen, Dick Humphreys, Betty Hays, Betty Stetler, Francisco Trapaga, and C. M. Valdes-Perez. Many singers, two magicians, and a hypnotist are also included on the program. Tickets are ori sale at a special desk in the Union lobby every afternoon from 1 to 6 o’clock. Gerierai admission, B5 cents, Reserved seatSt" 40 cents. A. F. Futoohee is in charge
of the production.
Library Displ^s New Editions Of Books Six new editions of well-known books have been received h? University library for display. These copi^, exceptional for their printing and illustration are issued by the Limited Editions Club of New York City. The books have been display in the upper corridor since Saturday and may be seen for another week. Applications for the purchase of these editions may be made to Miss Cammack, order librarian, and W. M. Hepburn, librarian. Glider dub Eleetions The Purdue Glider club announces the election of the following officem ^ for the coming year: W. 1^. 0’Neal» preM<^^ ^^.j^ogan, vice presir*' H. E. Lewisv treasurer. i , ii«gs.ms - Menber Associated Collegiate Press Btetritmtor of aiMiliw «i KftfiMiMl Coneg* Ptew AsBoeiatioii, Big T«n Bditorial Atsodotion XKdaiSvelr B«9»sent«i! by National Adyastioing Sarvtec, Ine. 430 Madison Avenne, New Tosfk City Xntend as aoeond slaas mattier at ths post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Doltyeced by asalli 48.60 par Tear ; didivered by carrier/ $2.60 per; year;; sold by single copy^ 2 cOTts.
•«>dbM:^nibB*:eo8$;;
Editorial Phone 6087
' Dsiiy; Stndc^: PnMict^dn/^dg; Pgi^tiiC'^Bi^sIijr:
■dib[^iB^CbIef„ Muring Editor.
^SBrroBlAL S%AIV.^
.aL;:W^H«mB«r:
Anbeia^/Editoia..
■porto
LCi BC/! Catoidtell:
iiA. IL Cbastben, C. M. ;SMdin,; Wi T. Hdht, ®. a Mbretai M. vQ; ^altte
' ' iiaNS^^SkSays
Aseaeiate Sporte Edttots...........-.....i,..........-...--..-.k-jb. F. B.-Hi Di lagONnoera Aaet8tanto--._.^i — EL A. Bametto, if. E. Brpcb, A. H. Eortotor, C. BAiper, *./ B. Pi Blanion, C. L,'Sadleri B. 0^ Sehbnki J. ToikBarB
EoBineBS Manager..
Advertising ktoi^er^. AdyertEing AssistaBta_. - Oirenlation Manager.—.
■ BU8IN^;8TAPFk.:: —■ P. Antonini -.X. B. Brown, B, CreA, D. 0, Miller ' -. / J.:'Hnlae-
Wednesdayv April 29j 1936.
Issue Editor-—J. R.
Senior Finals
four weeks remain for a last fling at college, a number of groups on the campus are doubting the value of submitting graduatihg seniors to their last round of final examinations. There are arguments in favor of setting an all-campus exemption grgide which would iriake examinations optional for those who are above a predetermined scholastic average, and would make them compulsory for those who have not maintained good
scholarship during their final semester. ‘
After a student has liassed through seven eXa,mination grinds and is about ready to embark on his last hurdle before graduation, the odds are very small that he will not suceessfully meet the requirements for a diploma. The student is no longer chiefly concerned with books, but rather the thought of moment is the possibility of gaining employment when the
sheepskin has been gained, \
Several members of the faculty who are in executive positions have been contacted for a,n opinion on the plan, and the response varied from an absolute “No” to the other extreme. Many are of the opinion that final examinations for graduating seniors are, in the great majority of cases, unnecessary nuisances because any student that has passed three and a half years of work has gained study habits and has a will to leara that will be rewarded with a diploma. On the other hand, if is pointed out, the senior would become lax when an exemption average was in view and actual work would cease long before class meetings would come to an end. Also, it is argued that the establishment of an exemption average would produce quibbling between students and faculty over minor points, and that this is totally absent when a small change in the grade will not determine whether or not a final examination is necessary . The suggestion has received little attention so far this year, but the plan is at least worth debate regarding its relative
value as compared with the system now in eifect.
In the morning Inail: “The Tekes contend you don't know the half of it.” By way of answer—we know more, but we want to stay in school. Also in the mail: Dear B & B: Can a girl learn all the answers by running around with questionable fellows ? —Martha... Dear Martha: What can we lose? See ypti 0 four at the Sweet Shop. I’ll bring my friends—^Ploehn, Kirkpatrickj Beggp, Fuller^ and Gbuld; BROWNING <REVISED) ; T' sprang;td ;th6‘ sdfa';' •■'^And':Doris:and;,He I gi^appled, she grappled We grappled all three. We struggled and cursed, We strained and we swore. And we tried for good holds As we rolled on the flPor. There was heaving and moaning And gurgling of sighs, There was kicking and biting And gouging of eyes. Tillatlastlgrewweary - Of the grim battle in sway, And I rose and I left them Still struggling that way. And I vowed and I raved As I raced for the door That I’d never—no, never— Go there any more. No, I haven’t been back. , No, never at all. For petting’s too rough At the Residence Hall. —-Davenport Don. NOTICE— Men who go with Eastburn, Alpha Chi FlasVare FISH. —(I know) Walpole. Co-ed: I’m the kind of girl who never laughs when a man tells a naughty story. Ed: No. You’ve always heard it
before.
Of Eradicating Weed Spraying,with sodium chlorate, clean cultivation, arid the use of alfalfa as a smother crop, are three methods of eradicating Canada thistle that have been found to he effective in Indiana, according to O. C. Lee, extension botanist of the University. Dangerous. For .the eradication of small patches, Lee recommends spraying with sodium chlorate, but warns that it must be handled with care as it creates a fire hazard when in contact with organic matter, It is also dangerous to spill the material in buildings, or automobiles, or to allow clothing to become saturated with the solution.
reception room, Chi Upsilon room 1,6:30 p. m. Drama Section, Furdue Women’s Club, Ufiioh room 1; 2:30 p. m. Engineering Honoraries Banquet, Union ballroom, 6:80 p. m< , Tomorrow " I—Indiana at BloomingKappa Psi Initiation and Banquet, Uuion tower and peasant rooms, 4 Literature Section, Purdue Women’s Club, Union faculty lounge, 2:30 Music Study Group, Union rooms 1 and 2, 7:30 p. m. Friday Junioif Prom, Union ballroom, 10 p. m. Baseball, Indiana at Bloomington.
Plan Playgrounds For Chad Safety Suggestions for the development of playgrounds that Avill keep chiidren off the streetsaiid aid in reducing, traffic accidehts to youngsters are contained in the fifth hulletin of the’"Home Informatibn Service of Better Homes in America which has just been released for distribution. The headquarters of the sponsoring organization are located here at the University. The bulletin contains an analysis of traffic accidents with special reference to accidents to children up to fourteen years of age, which shows that the hours and days of maximum traffic accidents correspond to the hours and days when'children are most likely to be playing, many of them in the street. Safeguard According to the bulletin, one of the best ways of protecting and safeguarding Children from traffic accidents is to provide playgrounds of sufficient interest to keep them off the streets. The bulletin contains many suggestions for making backyard playgrounds attractive to children of various ages, and suggests as a slogan, “Play Safe With A Backyard Playground”.
Dance, Union ballroom, 9-12 p. m. Charley Boulanger’s Orchestra. * Monday Sigma Xi Meeting, Union facufi^ lounge, 7:30-10 p. m. Tuesday Forestry Club, Hort Building, rhGmk01/7iiO p/m.-'-;
Mrs. Springer Dies Mrs. Anna Carlson Springer, 49, wife of Prof. 6, P, Springer, of the school of civil engineefing, passed Away at St. Elizabeth’s hospital Monday night after a, two weeks’ illness. The body will be taken to Whitehall, Michigan, where funeral services will be held tomorrow afternoon;
PAUL A. BISK ■, EOBERT G. BISK .. ■ . HAKOLDJ. BISK LUMiEB, a.;risk400 Sdinlts Bldff. Phone 6701 Comer 4th and Main
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbook at the MITZI SANDWICH SHOE 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
\ The United States has lived at peace with her great northern neighbor, Canada, for more than a century. What is the main factor that has made possible such a long and uninterrupted friendship? If we should search back through the annals of American history we would find that the foundation for this lasting good-will was laid shortly after the War of 1812, by President James Monroe and his co-workers, who were dealing with foreign affairs. An armament race between Canada and the United States was threatened on the Great Lakes shortly after the ending of the indecisive War of 1812. England still feared that American aggression might result in the seizure of Canada. The United States was wondering if England might not try to reconquer the Northwest Territory which was shorn from the Old Dominion at the Treaty of Paris and again at the Treaty of Ghent, Realizing the uselessness of building up an armed border. President Monroe conveyed to the British commissioners, through his ambassador at the Court of St. Ja,mes, that he was willing to limit armaments along the Canadian border to the minimum required for revenue service. England recognized immediately the commonsense behind this proposal and readily assented. A balky United States Senate opposed the President, but finally jumped through the “hoop of state”, and artified this treaty between the two powers, which today stands as a landmark for peace. The world has become war conscious, and is asking, “How can we have permanent peace?” The century of peaceful relationships with Canada could serve as a model peace pattern for the world to study.—^E. H. M.
Dr. Hi H. Remmers, director of the department of educational reference ,and J. E. Hadley, graduate student, Have just presented a rating scale for measuring the amount of poetic appreciation an individual may possess at the annual meeting of the Midwest Psychological Association at Northwestern. Students were rated before and after class discussions of the poems, it was found that they prefer the better known ultra-simple type, and moralizing type of poems, while women showed a preference for, sentimentality and heroics.
Minneapolis, Minn. — (AGP)—^If your chest is flat, you are probably more intelligent than that fellow over there whose bulging, barrel chest interferes with his view of his feet. At least so says Dr. S. A. Weisman of the University of Minnesota, who has spent a lot of time peering and probing into the matter. He concludes that flat-chested persons not only average greater intelligence than the full-chested, but are taller and heavier, And that isn’t all, either. Plat chests are no evidence of tuberculosis, nor of tendencies toward it.
DE AC ■ HAS EVERYTHING for; a . ^ COLLEGE EDUCATION H.G.
every, purse.;- These, fares good every day, eve^ nie, and on iinestiitmodern coachesb Hundreds Like These: CHJCAG© ..:. . ■ $ 3.00 9.60 ...... ... 8.65 n.65 16.60 .... .. . 16.10 ............ 14.60 16.65 ..... ... . .. .. 14.60 ROCHESTER .C.'rr..... 12.65 Further Savings on Round Trip ' UNION-BUS -STATIOH : -.Sfrh 6: Ferry-Sfreefs. Phone: 2105. V ,
ToanK enonsh to be theoretleal; enongrh to be practicaL RICHAHD Jo BATH WATCHMAKER 608 .Maim St.
Watch For That Pin! Universities are filled with young men and women who are throwing their childish illusions away for the more “grown up” ones that are found in college life, in fact we are getting away with such a change in thoughts that we actually believe it to be really an essential precedent. We have an illusion of prestige. Prestige is influence, it is an aroma that surrounds people and places. It comes from social success, a beautiful house, a big brass knocker, attractive living rooms, and numerous other things. It is constantly rubbing off onto one’s chest. It pushes chin and nose upward, and it even gets into a handshake. Another illusion is that of sophistication. We beconie sophisticated mostly through contact with professors, books, and other people. As sophisticated persons, we know little abopt the contents of the books, or do we understand our profs or people we talk to, but we can cross our legs gracefully, tell people about ourselves and politely excuse ourselves when we become bored. With an inexperienced eye, we can distinguish between humanism and transcendentalism, but it is out of our line to differentiate between ice cream and cottage cheese. We might add those students to our misled list who are continuously grinding their books and never taking any time to contact people or take part in social activities. We might add those who are living in “joints'’^ rumble seats ,or dance halls. Bubbles have been drawn above, each spreading and expanding into unreal college life—-but soon someone will come along with a pin in hand while whistling a different tune.—^C. H.
Women’s Club'Sections
Professor P. E. Lull, of the English department, will lecture to the drama section of the Purdue Women’s club at the club’s meeting this afternoon at 2:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building. His topic will be “Story-Telling and Interpretation”, and will be of special interest to mothers. Tomorrow at 3 o’clock the literary section of the club will hold its last meeting of the year in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Prof. H. H. Eidd, of the English department, will read a paper on “Seeing America With The Novelist”.
his from somebody else. What could foe more logical in a a radio comedian?—-Minnesota Daily.
Kappa Sigma announces the initiation of: R. W. Leslie, J. K, David, J. L. Thompson, B. M. Callender, and F. J. Burnside of Indianapolis, R. J. Meulhausen, and P. W. Eckstein of Logansport, J. P. Edgerton and H. M; Jacklin, Jr., of West Lafayette, J. S. Leonard, Boston, Mass., R. E. Schlehdorf, Nassilon, Ohio, J. A. Kirlin, Detroit, Mich., T. B. Miller, Port Wayne, and R. E. Long, Kewanna. :
Enlargements 25c
LAST TIMES TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE' ‘Charlie Chan’s Secret” and ROCHELLE HUDSON in “Show. Them No Mercy” Thursday - Friday - Saturday 2 FEATURES . CHESTER MORRIS “Three Godfathers” and . LEW AYRES '.in “Panic On the . Air” .
SUODEN I^CERVICE
Offlea Sfaitlpnety . p Wedding Invliailont SsIm Boekt, Etc..., 408lhERRy'
I LAST TIMES TODAY
Kappas Entertain Townspeople At Tea Kappa Kappa Gamma entertained townspeople at a spring tea given last Sunday afternoon at the chap ter house. The president, Miss Sarah Schaaf, the housemother, Mrs. Lena McDougall, ,and Mrs. John S. Mor risen received the guests. Tea was served in the dining room which was decorated in the Kappa colors, blue and blue. Mrs. Ray M. Southworth, Mrs. E. A. Eskridge, Mrs. Joseph A. Andrew and Mrs. Ruth M. Bixler poured during the afternoon.
STUDENTS— We will make special Corsagres for the From for $1.00—you call for them. We Make No Deliyeries.
GREENHOUSE. 727 8. 22nd St. Ph. 5321
THURSDAY ONLY
We are having 2 co-ed days this week. Thursday and Friday. Call and make your appointments early for your Prom shampoo and finger wave. KIENtY'S
622 Main Street Phone 7727
Deiizil Doggett, C. E. ’22, assistant state engineer, Indiana department of conservation, is the author of a four-page illustrated article in the April issue of the Highway Magazine describing the engineering construction work on roads, bridges, culverts, and shelter houses at Clifty Fall state park.
LAST TIMES TODAY
Prink Hillk for
Call JOHNSON Phone 41382
Milk is your best food— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in mim erals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
rfiufsday - Friday - Saturday 2 FEATURES FRA-NCHOT TONE “The Unguarded Hour” . ■' .and JAMES: ; SALLY DUNN. , . ...EILERS.. “Don’t Get Personal”Only Three Bihgles By Herb Helstrom.
handed hurler of the varsity nine, Purdue produced their hits
of 3 to 0,
ash made no runs, 3 hits, and 3 errors.
Downey, going the entire route for the Boilermakers, was never in danger except in the fifth inning when Wabash loaded the bases with no outs. Downey made the next batter hit into a fast double play, and retired the next man on an infield fly. Another feature of the game was the hitting of Jewel Young. He grabbed himself two hits, a triple in the first inning, driving in Bartz with the first run of the game, and later followed with a single in the fifth,
scoring Downey. ;':Thr^tehlhg..:Rain
With rain threatening throughout 'the game, and the field already soaked from yesterday^s downpour, the shower which caihe at the .end of the dghth was deenied sufldcient to call the game at tha,t p6int. Doc Heath, pitching for Wabash fanned an even dozen Boilermakers, and really pitched a better game than the score indicates. Both nines Were handicapped by the wet field, making 7 bobbles during the game; Yesterday afternoon’s tilt iharked
ties having been nine inning affairs Purdue grabbed the first game by a 6 to 6 score, tied the second, 5-6, because of darkness, and has now swept the series by virtue of yester^
day’s win. '
Tomorrow the team resumes its Big Ten schedule against Indiana at Bloomington, playing a two-game
series.
Score by innings:
R.H. E.
Purdue 200 010 00*—3 6 4 Wabash 000 000 00*—8 3 3 Batteries—-Purdue: DotWer and Krause ; Wabash: Heath and Vah fiuzeri Clame call^
:atatart;''<rf ininth:;,,::-'; ■'j'
FRATERNITY TENNIS
SINGLES
the third riieeting this season between the Boilermakers and the Little Giants, both of the preceding bat^
Today, 4:15 ©’dock
Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Alipha Tau
Gmega.
Delta Upsilon vs. Beta Sigma Psi. BetaThetaPivs.ThetaGki*: Sigma Pi Ws. Theta Chi. Phi Delta Theta vsl Tan Epsilon phi.
'S^o’diock,:; \ l
Pi Kappa Phi-vs. Lambda Chi Alphia. Sigma Phi Epsilon Vs. 'Phi Kappa ':;psi.'-I--' kappa Sigina vs. Trian^ei
As a preview of Purdue’s 1936 football team, a team of frosh will stack up against a sophomore-jun-ior combination at the Ross-Ade Stadium Saturday afternoon at 2 o’clock, in a regulation game that will bring the 1936 spring practice season to a close. The game which will be sponsored by the Gimlet Club, student athletic booster association, vdll be the main event of an array of sports for the local fans, for following the gridiron battle, the Purdue track sguad will meet Chicago in a Big Ten dual meet in the Stadium, starting at 4
o’clock.
It was announced last night, that those who purchase tickets for the football game will be permitted to stay over for the track meet without any extra charge. Student coupon books will of course be honored for the track meet although they will not admit to the football game. Judging from the pep the boys have shown the past few intros<|uad' gahiesi; fahs of action Saturday afternoon. ; The track meet, which will follow the grid game will provide an. added feature with the Maroons led by Ray Eilingwppd, former PurdUe studeht. Who recently set a ?ueW world’s record for the quarter-niile dash indoors and is considered one of the leadihg candidates for the United States Olyinpic team.' Tickets for _the game, juiced at 26 cents each, are iiOW on sale at Decker’s, Deac’s, and the Union desk, or may he obtained- from all Gitnlet members.
itEii:
by' HELSTROM
The freshman baseball team is coming along in a big way. With about 25 outfielders, 20 infielders, 30 pitchers, and a half a dozen backstops, Coaches Doan and Sanders have the makings of about three or
four good teams.
Some of the players who have eonsin” possession of the balk in
Scoreless Deadlock
Amid torrents of rain, the “Wisconsin’ ’and “Purdue” divisions of Purdue’s football team swam to a scoreless tie in the first half of their game yesterday afternoon. In the first quarter, the only scoring threat was made when Lehr of “Wisconsin” blocked a kidc, giving “Wis
showh-up the best so far as outfielders are Joe Meyers, Paul Reznik, Johnny Vernon, Joe Zettel, Arch Knight, and Don Burkhardt. For infieldersj Sanders has three capable third sackefs in Jim Thomp' son. Bob Shrohe, and Dick Arnold. For second base, he has Johnny Baker and Dick Heiser. - For first, Don Cottingham, Red Fisher, and H. Chapp are fighting it out. Out of the 30 frosh who aspire to become hurlers, about a half iiozen look like ' .potential pitchers. They are M. L. Bunte, R. C. Camp, W. C. Hawkins, Joe Doan, Stew Heiss^ and M. J. Johnson. “Pop” Doan has a unique as Well as effective battery in the Bredewater }tWns, A;. R. pitches and A. J. stops them. . . , The Chicago Cubs have originated a very novel idea l of givihg th<^ Jfans a break : for the bene^ of; those Who ar e unable to attend their honj^ games, and WouW^Iike to follow thrif out-bf-town games, the Cabs have the gaMes febroadcast from station WIND at 6 b’clock. wWi ::w ■ w. w BIG LEAGDE STANDINGS: -h' + w' w w w > + -f NATIONAL LEAtJUE
■L
“Purdue” territory. Again, in the second quarter “Wisconsin” blocked and recovered a kick, but was unable to make any progress in the mud toward the goal, “Purdue” was given a good chance to score when Mihal recovered fumble on the red 10 yard line, but the “Wisconsm”'line held and Miles, immediately after entering the game, ran the ball to midfield for the reds. A few minutes later, ^■Nohe” ended the i mud cf a^’l Ihtu^ to all the boys dislike. Becatise bf tM iiiCeSsant precipitation, it was almpst impossible to use an aerial atthek. In facL the teams were weighted down so much With mud that them m^^ senibled those of divers playing on the bpttpin of the oeean. Although only small gaihs were made, the endarouhd play seemed to be the most eflicieiit, mainly because the carrier had a goocT opportunity to bite the mud and let. nature do the rest. . This afternoon, “Minnesota’’; gnd “Iowa” will finish their game, Which stands 13 to 6 in the Gopher’s favor at the half. This eiash should be esr peciallytnteresting as it brings together in opppsitioii the first String line aiid hackfield.
BoReifittaker Tennid BfateK With DePaitw Raified Onl' The Boilermaker tennis team i ceived a setback from the weathei?< ," man yesterday when their mateli with DePauw was ''postponed be* \ cause of rain. The match will be played off today providing weather ■- permits. Those making the trip are *^ Nickolich, Ulrey, Tzucker, and Wakefield. ' '
■merr rw*« f Ward Irack Meet May 4 Intramural oflScials announce that the annual Ward track meet is to be held Monday, May 4, at 4 o’clock It is to he a one-day meet.- The members of the winning team and all men making five points are entitled to medals. The points will he counted as follows: First place in any event, 5 points. Second place, 3 points. Third place, 2 points. Fourth place, 1 point. At least one man musthe entered in each of the following events: 4:10 to 4:50: 100 yard run, pole vault, high jump, javelin, shot put; 4:20,1 mile run; 4:30, 220 yard run; 4:40, 120 yard high hurdles; 4:50, 440 yard run, discus, broad jump; 5;00, 2 mile run; 6;2p, 220 yard low hurdles; 5:30, 880 yai^ run. The-; Ward archt^ metet is to be Wedhesday, May 13. Any man can Pfadace: archery any; night from 4 to 5 :30 o’clock. All necessary equipment is furnished and Bob Thompson, archery manager, will be there. The AH-Gampus River Swim is to be hdd Tuesdayv May 19. Th© interschool Track Meet wiH be Thursday, May 21. Miss Mary Weinland, of Brazil, Sc. ’36, has accepted a positioh as assistant techniciah. Baptist hbspit^ ai, AlexandrikliLai,Of Womenss Smoking ' St; Louis, Mo.—(AGP)—A committee made up of representative girls of Washington Upiversity here recommended to the Student Council, at itp recent meeting, that restrictions on girls smoking on the campus be removed. The committee based its decisions on the results obtained from a poll of all the sororities. The question, “Should girls be permitted to smoke only iii certain designated places on the campus or should it be left to the discretion of the individual to decide ?” brought forth an overwhelming majority in favor of the latter alternative in-all but two sororities.
Student Alibi Proves Correct-^At Lastf By Associated Collegiate Press When Pred Lemmer .student at the University of Minnesota meets his English professor, Mr. Weaver, they both blush slightly. Over a period of many weeks, Mr. Lemmer has broken all, records for arriving.late to Mr. Weaver’s first hour class. His alibis have varied “My alarm clock is broken” or “There was a traffic jam” or “My car
busted dd\yri,’’ ■ V
Pinany lVL:. Weaver snarled, “Next - tittle you’ll tell itte your
house bttrtted dowtt^”
Last week Mr. Lemmer was late again. During the night his house
had burned down;
TypeWriters, Adding MactuneS<— For sale, rent, repaired dnd bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done, a P. Ebershofl’, 605 Mttin St. Phone 2779.
Paper Towels—For the bathroom, phone 7828, Lafayette Printing Co.
Lost—One 10x12 black notebooks Reward. Thomas M. Evansj 7201. ;Want€dr--Theses, tertti paperS^^^ etc. to type by experienced typist. .Phone;4696l.-:
WE HAVE BOTH
ill
Wmb with PrWe
by Minions
Chamberlin’s Special For This Week—Black Walnut and Vanilla. Order it^it’s delicious. Help Wanted—Boys who wish to wait banquets leave names at Purdue Union Cafeteria. For Sale—Tuxedo suit, size 40 (like new), two swallow-tailed evening suits, fine quality ones, $6 and $9 each. Two golf clubs with holder, $1. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N.
5th. ^
NOTICES No BotieM soecoWA mtime ( p.
Chemistry Nsams—^Kxams for removal of C grades in chemistry 1 or 2 will be given Saturday, May 2nd, 1-4 p. m.,_ room 106, Chemistry Building. Unless special arrangements are made, only people who had the courses under F. J. Allen will be examined at the time and place noted above. Application for the exam should’ be made at room 210 Chemistry Building before May 2. The ne3d; regular opportunity for removing C grades will be early in September. —ALLEN.
ME CLEAN
BEG YOUR PARDON
A man's leather! Robust and hearty, shaggy and tweedy .. . fashion's nomihation for spring leadership. You may want it in grey ... you may want it in brown ... but chances are^good that you'll want a pair of each! . . . See these handsome oxfords. Youhl agree that they're the most underpriced fine shoes you've ever seen.
Engineering Students—^The school of civil engineering vyill appreciate the return of the missing parts of the aluminum model of the Boulder Daiti how on exhibit in the lobby of the Civil Engineering Building. This is valuable and useful model which was presented to the school of civil engineering by the late Dr. Mead, of the reclamation service, —HATT.
Forestry Club-;—Following men report to room 316 at 4 today. B. Allen, Arnold, C. E. Bryan, Baum, Burgman, J. R. Burkhart, Dobrowolsky, Grimes, Hildebrand, LeMasters, Swinford, H. Thomas, Wadleigh, G. Young, Walters. —CRAIG.
Radio Club—All amateurs holding class A licenses and desiring keys to W9YB must take written exam tomorrow evening at 7:1B at Triangle house. —WEPPLER.
121 N. Fourth
Music Study Group—Meeting at 7:30_ tomorrow night in room 1 and 2 of the Union. Speaker, Dr. G. H. Graves on “Musical Comr position”. —GOALD.
T "i I iiiir tiitCTIBIj
W. A. A. Arcb®>7—The following games must be played at 4 today: Ward 1 vs. Kappa Alpha Theta, Ward 2 vs. Kappa Kappa Gamma, Ward 3 vs. Alpha Xi Delta, Chi Omega vs. W. R. H. Games must begin promptly at 4:16. —BOEHM.
In yesterday’s Exponent the statement conc'erningformal attire for the Prom incorrectly said white shoes are to be worn With palm beach coat, black fortnal pants, stiff shirt and bow tie. Black shoes should be’worn. Also the statement that fraternity booths would be placed in the ballroom should have read “in the lobby and on the second floor.”
OLD OAKEN BUCKET— , . (Continued from page 1) lected and signed for so that when they took it they could not be held for robbing the, mails. Seven determined looking men approached the Indiana official as he started out of the building with the Old Oakett Bucket, and the leader said, “If you will please give us the Bucket we will he glad to take it down to .Bloomington with us.” The official hesitated a minute and then saw all of the Indiatta stickers on the car and decided that everything would be all right if he would go with the Bucket. When he was I'efused a ride he got a little nervous especially when several, “Give us the Bucket, or else” murmurs came out of the crowd. The next day, with the Bucket
safely back in Lafayette, although up again and no one Would have to
only eight' men knew where it -was, the Boilermakers were calmed down
a little.
Of course, the paipers rail headlines about the Bucket’s never getting to the Indiana campus. Several days later the police Were called in by the papers to try to find the culprits. The rnan at“Deac’s”, being rather suspicious when he sold the stickers, had an idea who had the Bucket, but he had beeii sworn to secrecy. The other man that had been in “Deac’s” went to the police and told what he knew. The police got busy and started to question the
suspect.
The University officials began to bring a little pressure to bear, and so the police decided that they had had enough of beating around the bush and told the suspected inan that if he did not get the Bucket back within twenty-four hours they would hand his name over to the University. At this place the Jour-nal-Courier stepped in and offered a plan whereby the Bucket could turn
take the biattie, I “Bucket” Returned ^ One afternoon the papers ran a story about the return of the Buckety saying that an old man dressed in shabby clothes stteaked in the alieyWay by the paper Office and set the package down and escaped before attyone realized what Was happenr ing. The package was the Bucket. The Old man happened to be a junior in the mechanical school, who was not Over 21. The man did not stteak, he drove a 1930 Pontiac coach. Where had the Bucket been all of this time ? Well, that is where I come in With the authority to write this article. The Bucket hn<l been under my bed in my apartttient in Lafayette ever since it had been brought back from Indianapolis. How had it gotten there ? Well, you see I had a brother in school. The others in the party ? If you ever drop into “Froggies” Tavern on the east side, ask him to show you the picture that he took of all of them the night they got back.
Glider Club—^Meeting tomorrow at 7 i tower room of Union. —O'NEAL.
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges—Carnot cycles are ready at Phi Psi house. —MARTIN.
Here’s a hint for a thoughtful man who selects flowers for a charming lady. Be assured she wiir receive a corsage correct in every detail according to the latest fashions in flowers. We suggest that you come to our shop and let Us help you select a corsage for her.
527 Main St.
Phone 5432
Discussion Group—Meeting tonight in the Union, room 2. Subject to be “Death’.’. —KUEHN.
May Day—Group 4 meet in Women’s Gym at 4 today. . —BOLDER.
327 State St.
SPRING IS HERE
Now is the time when one wishes to look his best. THE MINETTE BEAUTY SHOP is here to serve you. We are a moderately priced shop.
Phone 2067
Delta Rho Kappa—Actives and pledges meet in peasant room of Union at 7 tonight. , ' —ROBBINS.
Senior Military Students—Representative of the Associated Military Stores will be in the Armory supply room today taking O. R. C. camp equipment orders. —HALLAM.
Archery Club—Meet in Women’s Gym at 7 :30 tonight. —LEE.
Ceres—Meet at 7 tonight in Agriculturist office of Union. All pledges and actives l» present. —McKINNIS.
Skull and Crescent---Important meeting in room 2 of Union at 4 today. —CRAIG.
Christian Science Organization—Meeting tomorrow at 7 :15 in the Engrineer’s office in the Union.. —DRISCOLL.
Wesley Foundation—Trip to Battle Ground Friday at 6. Bacon and egg supper, 15 cents. Return at 8. Please sign up at Foundation. . —McFADDEN.
Radio Operators—Test covering operation and theory of transmitter will be given at 7 :16 tomorrow at the Triangle house. Notify H. E. Weppler, 7026, if you plan to take test. —WEPPLER.
Orchesis—Meeting tonight at 7 :30 in the Women’s Gym. —McKEE.
Men’s Glee Club—No rehearsal today. Importot rehearsal next Gimlet—Actives and pledges meet tonight at Beta house at 7 :30. —BROWNING.
W. S. G. A. Executive Board^Mept in the office at 7:46 tonight. / —COpELAND. Playshop Board—^Meeting at 4 :80 today of all new and old board members. —HOLDEN.
W. A. A.^—Intramural managers meet at 4. —HUMPHREYS.
Orchesis—Final tryout for entrfnce will be held tonight at 7:30. All active members should also be present. ict t to —-ELLIb.
W. A, A. Baseball—Pi Phi and Alpha Xi vs. Ward 1, and Ward 2 vs, W. R. H. at 4 -KELLY.
Prof. W. E. Howland, of the civil engineer.ing school, has been officially recommended for the Gordon McKay fellowship for graduate study in sanitary engineering at Harvard University. He has been granted a leave of absence for the school year of 1936-37.
A LOVELY FOR A
Flowers that always give the impression you want to create . . . . for the
635 Main St. Luna Theatre Building Phones 7955-8050
r ..ii