This Newspaper. Is Published Each Morning Of, By, and Fbr Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
WEDNESDAY December 15, 1937 Lafayette, hidiana VOL. 49 No. 79
All-Capas Party K?ins Prom Election
Stewart Leads 1200 Carolers At Christmas Convo Accompanied by the University choir, 1200 students and faculty members under the direfction of A. P. Stewart, sang Christmas carols in Eliza Fowler Hall last night at the Christmas Convocation forWorship. The program opened with a prelude, featuring a string ensemble from the University orchestra. The choir entered singing “Hark the Herald Angels Sing.” Following the processional, the choir and the audience joined in singing a group of Christmas carols including; “O, Little Town of Bethlehem,” “O, Come All Ye Faithful,” It Came Upon a Midnight Clear,” and “Joy to the World.” Christmas Story After the carols, the 150-voiced choir sang “A Christmas Choralogue,” acting as a background for a Christmas story narrated by Robert M. Horn, of the speech department. Immediately following the convocation, the chorus, glee club, and orchestra drove through West Lafayette and Lafayette, singing carols. The entire program was arranged and carried out by the Executive Committee of Musical Organizations, and included a supper in the Union cafeteria for the glee club, chorus, and orchestra. Dean Potter Gives Report Before ASHE At last week’s annual meeting of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers in New York, Dean of Engineering A. A. Potter, and Prof. Harry L. Solberg, of the school of mechanical engineering ^ave two parts of a special report on “High Pressure Steam Investigation.” They have been conducting this investigation at Purdue with G. A. Hawkins, of the ME school, since 1931. Because of the very large attendance, the convention was. required to change quarters twice. While there. Dean Pctter attended his eighteenth meeting with the Purdue club of New York, where he met with 90 Purdue graduates. ^Whisper In Her Ear^ Says, Miller Editor’s Note: This is the fourth of s series of articles based on interviews with Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the Student Health Service, and concerning: healHl precautions during: the winter.
Big Four Wilt Run Two Special Trains Get your train seats early! This is the advice of the Big Pour route because of especially inclement wqather this year. The route will run two specials from Lafayette Saturday for the accommodation of students going home for the vacation. “ The Chicago special will leave Lafayette at 12:40 p. m. Saturday, and arrive in Chicago at 3:10 p. m. giving ample time to make connections for northwestern points. The New York special will carry Indianapolis, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Buffalo, and New York students and will leave Lafayette at 12:26 p, m. Phone 6063 to arrange for accommodations.
Three Bona-Fides Gain Gala Week Committee Berths In Close Voting juniors. Seniors Cast Record Ballot Despite Inclement Weather Conditions; Choose Sasser, Alpha Chi Rho, Prom Committee Chairman All-Campus candidates made a clean sweep of Prom Committee berths yesterday as juniors and seniors^isregarded inclement weather to register a record of 818 Prom and 427 Gala Week votes. Close voting and scratched ballots resulting in election of a mixed Gala Week Committee made up of four All-Campus candidates and three Bona-Fides. A three way tie for fifth place necessitated the creation of an additional Gala Week position, bringing the total to seven members.
Voting Tabulation
Prom
All-Campus Baase .. 345 Whitehead 345 Sasder 341 Mason 340 Meier 339 Smith 328 Ruth 326 Bona-Fide Swan 283 Gobble 279 Baker 279 Armstrong 278 MillhojUandl 278 ^ Smith 277 Eckstein 275 Square Deal Cooley 208 Garland 207 Petry 205 Glover 200 Sexton 199 Liiihing 198 IppolitD .-. 193 Total Straight Tickets All-Campus 312 Bona-Fide 262 Square Deal 186
“Dancing provides wholesome entertainment for students,” says Dr. Miller, “providing certain health rules are observed. There is great danger, however, of allowing oneself to drift into habits that are predispo'sing factors in causing the common colds.” Talking dir^tly into a person’s face while dancing with him or her is one method of transmitting colds Doc says. To avoid this he recommends that you “whisper in her ear, or wear a respirator.” Stepping outside the building to smoke, or for other purposes, without proper clothing on is also dangerous to health. This is especially true iii going from dance to dance ' on the same night. Doc thinks, or in going to such places as the Blazer between dances or after the ball i^ over.” “Wear proper clothes when you leave the dance room or building,” Doc sdys, “and keep them buttoned up.” The use of mouth wash before and after dpnces is alsp worthwhile as a safeguard towar.d ^voiding colds. Doc advises.
WRH To Celebrate Yule Christmas trees will decorate the Women’s Residence Halls for the annual Christmas party today. Featuring a special dessert and favor^, supper will be served by candlelight. After the basketball game, there will be an exchange' of tencent gifts and gtoup singing in the recreation room of the North Hall. Refreshments will also be served at this time.
Gala Week
Bob Sasser, Alpha Chi^ Rho, was named Prom committee chairman in a Prom organization meeting last night following the disclosure of winners. Other Prom Committeemen for 1938 are Martha Whitehead, independent; Fred Baase, Cary Hall;' C. S. Meier, Alpha Kappa Lambda; R. J. Ruth, Theta Xi; E. S. Mason, Phi Kappa Psi; and W. H. Smith, Phi Gamma
Delta.
. Gala Week Places Jack] Goory, indfependent Bona Fide, and three All-Campus candidates, Nelson Parkhurst, independent; Dave Thompson, Sigma Chi; and Martin Schreyer, Delta Upsilon, gained undisputed seats on the Gala Week committee. Tied for fifth Iplace were Bona-Fide candidates J. C. Sanders, Triangle; and Jean Perkins, Pi Beta Phi; and AllCampus Fay Pendergrass, Pedalion. Yesterday’s highly contested balloting netted a total of 415 more votes than last year’s previous all time high. Highly organized maneuvering and complete canvassing of all potential voters under strain of a three party, highly advertised campaign, was held responsible for increased interest. Winners Issue Statement On contacting the winners last night the following statement was
issued:
“We wish to compliment the other parties on their excellent sportsmanship which was sjiovfn throughout the campaign. Since it is the wish of the majority that the AllCampus party present the Prom, it is our aim to give the finest Prom that was ever presented on the Purdue campus.”
All-Campus
Schreyer 192 Thompson 174 Parkhurst 170 Pendergrass - 167 Schenk 163
Bona-Fide
Goory 177 Perkins 167 Sanders 167 O’Connor 161 Martin 154 Slone 151
Square Deal
Baals 110 Cox 96 Slocum 92 Small 83 Davis 80 Seaborg 78 Total Straight Tickets Bona-Fide 138 All-Campus 137 Square Deal 60
YWCA To Sponsor Christmis Party Music, a Christmas story, and carol singing will be featured on the program of the YWCA Christmas party tomorrow, at 4 o’clock in the organization’s office in the Union Building. Marjory Rogers will play the violin, and a modern Christmas story will be read by Pat Heine. During group singing refreshments will be served.
Passports Are Good For Reserved Seats Till Jan. 8
In order to retain the privilege of preferential seating by classes for home Big Ten basketball games, students must turn in the proper coupons from their identification card booklets to the main ticket offico in tjie new men’s gyipnasium by Saturday noon, January 8, it was ^annoupced Ihst night by ticket manager C. S. Doan. All tickets for the home Big Ten season of six games will be on a reserved seat basis for both students and general public, with the main floor being reserved for the exclusive use of students with the exception of the dedicatory game on January 15 when a block of 'seats on the main floor will be reserved for Fieldhouse contributors. Although the proper coupons must be turned into the ticket
office by January 8 in order to retain the preferential seating • right, Doan pointed out that the coupons are exchangeable for tickets for individual games at any time after the January 8 deadline up until thq deadline for each individual game which is printed prominently on each coupon. ^ For those students who turn in their basketball coupons before January 8, seats will be drawn on the same basis as the I preferential seating plan in football, with senior orders being filled first, junior next. Orders for the Season, or for single games, turned in after the January 8 deadline,^ will be filled in the order of receipt up until the individual deadline (for each game.
Canfield^ Harding Write Text ^By^ For Engineers ^ “At last we have a text by engineers for engineers,” stated Prof, D. T. Canfield commenting on a new textbook, “Business Administration for Engineers,” of which he and Dean C. Francis Harding, both of the school of electrical engineering, are co-authors. Making its appearance early in October of this year, this book, designed for use by students in engineering administration has solved the problem of combining all the material included in this course in one volume. It represents ten years accumulation of material, covering all phases of business methods' and corporate management for tl^e engineer. Ag Staff Will Give Christmas Party Door prizes for all those arriving before 8:30 p. m. is just opp of the features planned for agriculture staff members and guests at their annual Christmas party Saturday in the Memorial Union Building. George Weast and his orchestra will play for dancing. Airangements have been made also for a bridge tournament, and refreshments will be served. Tickets for the party may be obtained until 4 p. m. Friday from the following persons: E. L. Butz, G. W. Sample, D. C. Pfendler, F. C. Gaylord, W. R. Amick, George Spencer, K. C. Boxell, F. L. Walkey, E. E. Schnetz ler, and L. M. Vogler.
Bud Bryant To Play At PlA Semi-Formal Purdue Independent Association members will dance to the music of Bud Bryant’s orchestra at their annual semi-formal Christmas dance in the Union ballroom, Friday evening from 9 to 12 o’clock. Only couples with a PIA membership card will be admitted to the dance. Memberships can be purchased as late as 10 o’clock Friday night. Members of Mrs. Duncan’s Academy will present several tap dances with special arrangements by the orchestra. ^ Members of the faculty^^d their wives who have been invited to act as chaperones are: Pres, and Mrs. E. C. Elliott; Prof, and Mrs. T. K. Cowden; Prof, and Mrs. E. T. McBee; and Prof, and Mrs. W, B, Sanders. Bernhard Lectures To 60 ASCE, ASHE'S Dr. Rudolf K. Bernhard, engineer for the Baldwin-Southwark Corp., gave an illustrated lecture before 60 students at a joint meeting of The American,Society of Civil Enginers and the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, on “Dynamic Tests by Means of Induced Vibrations,” yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. Dr. Bernhard has devoted most of his career to the study of bridge design, and has written many magazine articles on the various phases of dynamic testing as applied to structures. He also was chief engineer of bridges for the German national railways for several years.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for the State: Cloudy today with rain or sleet, continued cold; mostly cloudy, slightly warmer tomorrow. Local Temperatures: 9:30 p* * m. Monday to 9:30 p. m. Tuesday; High, 28; low, 22; mean, 25.
Gordon Enders To Speak Tomorrow On Tibet, Far East Speaking informally to a group of interested listeners in the main lounge of the Union Building last night, Gordon B. Enders, foreign advisor to the Grand Llama of Tibet, discussed the current situation in and about Shanghai’s widely publicized international settlement. According to Enders, the settlement is one of the most scientifically armed and defended sections of territory in the whole of China today. Speaks Tomorrow Enders, author of “Nowhere Else in the World,” arrived here yesterday afternoon and is now staying at the Union. His principal aim in returning to the University after a year in the East is to speak at the All-Science Banquet, to be held in the Union ballroom tomorrow at 6 o’clock. His talk will be on “Tibet, and the Far East Crisis,” and will be a continuation of the talk he gave last year at the AllScience Banquet. Tickets for the Banquet, sponsored by the Science school and the Student Union, are on sale for 75 cents at Prof. H. E. Enders’ office in Stanley Coulter HaU, or from members of Delta Rho Kappa. Employees To Attend Union Party Tonight Union employees will get together at their annual party at 9 o’clock tonight in the Union ballroom. No part of the Union, however, will be closed to students. The entertainment for the affair will consist of mixed dancing, cards, and various other games. Refreshments will be served by the committee_. Lloyd Vallely, Union manager will act as toastmaster; Geneva Nugent, foodstuffs manager, will preside as hostess; Andy Ross, engineer, is to be master-at-arms; and “Stonewall” Jackson, coat checker, will officiate as bouncer. Admittance to the party will be by time card. Society Will Sponsor Tests Of Wire Fencing University tests to study the corrosion of wire fencing of all kinds, begun last winter on an experimental plot near one of the University farms, were the object of a recent visit of officials of the American Society for Testing Materials to the campus. This organization is financing tests at 11 different points in the country as well as here. I. D. Mayer, of the agricultural engineering department of the Experiment Station, is in bharge of the local tests.
Embryo Decoders Get Practice From Last Saturday’s B And B Column
By R. E. Insley
Copying excerpts from last Saturday’s Bold and Black, 26 prospective hams reclined leisurely in their chairs and scribbled on yellow paper to the tune of the high chirp of an audio oscillator. These brave souls comprised the attendance at the initial session of the large.st code practice class ever sponsored by the University Radio Club. Writing on their knees, other fellow’s backs, and backs of the chairs, they were determined to convert the dots and dashes into more legible and comprehensive form. Starts With Single Letters Starting off pending individual letters, Ed Thompson, Radio Club prexy and code teacher, gradually let his “fist” run up to the start-
ling speed of five words per minute. However, having lost practically 99 per cent of the class in the dust, he quietly suggested that the beginners attempt to learn the characters before trying to rush the commercial operators off their feet. This Ed explained, must be done personally, since the class is really conducted to aid in speed develop-
ment.
Next Meeting Tomorrow at 4 p, m. in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building, the next session will be held. The classes will alternate between room B of the Union on Tuesday evenings, and the £!E Building on Thursday afternoons. The class is still open to anyone interested in learning the code.
tiXSi. . . in Prom and Gala Week elections are m iiiie for congratulations. Anyone who can come victoriously through such a hotly contested campaign as the 1937 one certainly desorves credit for popularity and hard work No one could be sure who the winners were yesterday until the votes had been counted. The All-Campus party, built around the nucleus of last year’s Seven Aces fraternity group and PIA, was admittedly strong; the Square Dealers had spent considerable money on a campaign, perhaps $100 as compared to one-half that much for the other groups, and they aroused some admiration (ridicule, too) for the thoroughness with which they entered the plan of putting Prom in the Fieldhouse; the Bona-Fide combination, madp up mostly of the Naturals party of last spring, was keeping rather quiet, but those in the know expected a big show from the clique on election day. We predicted in an editorial on October 28, “An early drive to bring in voters and a big show on election day may put a party into Prom and Gala Week power.” That’s exactly what happened yesterday. All-Campus party had sandwich men stalking the campus yesterday, while across State Stfeet from the Union Building a loud speaker blared forth the merits of the party. Candidates and supporters of the party were off to an early start, too, so early in fact that they arrived at the polls almost before the polls were there. All-Campus candidates piled up a considerable lead during the first few hours of the ballotting, or so it appeared to an interested observer. Leaders of the party became somewhat worried later in the day, however, when the other factions seemed to be having the best of it. But the lead held out. This week the winners may rest on the laurels of their victory. When they return to school at the first of the year, they must be
College Publishers Pepresentative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHfCAOO • Boston - Los, Angeles - sah Francisco MAIN OPFICK ' 312 N. FSftli St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 , Business Phone 6088 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Buildins;, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief
Bnainess Manager
R. P. Manion
D.C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Manafint: Editor. ^ J. E. Brack Associate Editors ....D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary, , .Margaret Sawyer * BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager. W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager K. R. Hensler Circulation Manager..... M. G. Beeves CO-ED STAFF Editor., ; Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor... B. F. Obenchain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide-wUh the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Issue Editor—Terrio Night Editor—Stanback Wednesday, December 16, 1937
prepared to begin work earnestly on two of the most important upperclassman functions of the year.
By Mary Cooley The Baylor Daily Lariat reports that Oklahoma’s Keys quadruplets have announced their plans to build an orphanage in the San Luis Valley near Center, Colo, This project will be financed by funds obtained from radio broadcasts by these four sisters who are graduates of Baylor University at Fort Worth, Tex. Construction of a building on the recently purchased 800 acres of ranch land is expected to get under way immediately. Orphans from Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico, and Kansas will be admitted to the "Golden Keys Home Incorporated,” as the four active directors have named their home. * * * * A University of Minnesota freshman received a penalty of 10 graduation credits for attempting to get a book from the reserve room of the library under an assumed name. Reports in the university daily paper say he is lucky; the usual penalty for such an offense ,is suspension from school. The moment a college student gets the morning newspaper he turns to the cOmic section, according to the inquiring reporter of “The Way the Wind Blows” in the Indiana Daily Student. The Sino-Japanese war and the stock market can wait, for “Little Henry” demands immediate attention. At least this comic strip poll indicated that “Little Henry” came out in first place, with “Terry and the Pirates” in second place. ♦ Twenty years ago the University of Kansas daoreed that all students —men dhd women^—^must wear khaki uniforms. The Kansas dean thought the uniforms would give the school “a democratic and distinctive atmosphere.” 4: l|! « « Advice to the literaiv and journ^istic aspirants: don’t be too discouraged if your professor is of the opinion that your theme deserves a “C” or if your college editor thinks it is too bad for publica-" tion. Just assure yourself that different editors have different tadtes and forge blithely ahead, always remembering the experience of a Kentucky University senior. He wroto pn article for the student pap^, hut the editor wasn’t interested* neither was the Columnist tp 'whPm he showed the article. Dismayed hut not undaunted, the student-aubmitted-his-masterpiece
By Sally McKee An ME senior writes “I don’t know if I really know why I am an altruist. It is quite possible that my altruistic tendency is in reality selfish. Perhaps I expect to satisfy my ego in basking in the resulting good feeling toward me," We don’t know what decision this student reached, but we want to say that an analysis of why we try to have good manners leads sometimes to similar conclusions. It probably is selfish to try to cultivate good manners, but is a selfishness that leads to happiness. And our friend’s altruism is probably manifested at times in good manners. Good manners are a display of friendliness, altj:uism, regard, and good appearance. They are essential to happy,. prosperous communal living. IM Department Provides Skis Purdue students who are interested in skiing may obtain skis at the check-out window in the basement, of the Fieldhouse. As only four pairs are available, students are' requested to return them as soon as possible. Further notice will be made when other winter sports equipment is made available to the students.
SAE Initiates
Sigma Alpha Epsilon social fraternity announces the initiation of the following students: Robert Aldag, Indianapolis; Bill Hedden, New Albany; Myron Stepath, Springfield, Mass.; Kenneth Viall, Pittsford, N. Y.; and John Weist, Connersville. They also announce the pledging of Wendell B. Britt, West Lafayette.
to Coronet magazine. Two weeks Igtor he received a $100 cheek. ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ At Oregon State College they are conducting an experiniental fur farm in attempts to produce better fur at a much sniajler price. To date they heve ll foxes and 20 minks for experiment. The students in fish and game management are carrying on this work which includes the jobs 9% handling the hslnnced fond rations »s well as building the pens in which to house the expensive little animals.
Hoof And Horn Club Dines, Presents Keys Members of the newly rejuvenated Hoof and Horn club, an organization of animal husbandry students attended what they hope to make their annual award dinner in the Home Economics Building cafeteria last night. This banquet was held in honor of those students in animal husbandry who have achieved distinction this year. Members of this year’s live-stock judging team as well as essay contest winners received keys. Review Intornational A review of this year’s International livestock winnings was given, arid Frank Beal, horse breeder from Clarksburg, delivered the principal talk of the evening.
“All-Campus Party,” you won the election, but contrary to your own belief your troubles are not over . . . they have just begun. To sum up the situation in as few words as we kriow how, we’ll paraphrase a popular proverb “You can satisfy all of the people some of the time and you can satisfy some of the people some of the time . . . but you can’t satisfy Purdue students any of the time whereever Prom is concerned.” But the election was fun, wasn’t it? Best crack heard during the heated campaign: “Square deal, hunh? That sign of theirs looks like the sign of a misfit ... round peg in a square hole.” ^ HoWevah,' some of the boys in the Square Deal’s broadcasting studio on the second floor of the Acacia house were gifted with a sense of huirior. They repeatedly dedicated such musical selections as “This Is My Last Affair” and "Boo Hoo” to "All Cafripusers” and “Bona-Fides.” f Now that the election is oiver maybe we’ll have some peace and quiet... but we doubt it. The early election date spreads the annual gripes students will have about what the fcommitteie is doing over a much longer period . . . there ain’t no justice ... The “slicker” politicians were out slickered by the very vereee inclement weather. But it’s an ill rain that doesn’t wet somebody’s britches ... the ice on the pavements at least kept wildeyed campaigners from whitewashing their slogans all over. The only person who really took it on the chin in the closest approach to an election fight was Paul Humphrey, football co-captain and “Square Deal” doorman. Marian Smith, ChiO upstart, hauled off and slapped him several good ones, O'Ver nothing at all as far as we could see. Those who were in the know said a bit of tag pulling off preceded the battle but we couldn’t say.
BETTER HEALTH FOR OUR BOYS AND GIRLS . .. PROTECT THEM AGAINST TUBERCULOSIS, THE DISEASE THAT STEi LEADS AS A CAUSE OF DEATH BETWEEN 15 AND 25 BUY and USE CEIRISTMAS SEALS f . The NationoL Stote. cmd Locol Tuhereuloehi AMociotione in the United State*
United Feature Syndicate, Ine*
‘Plagiarism—-that’s all that is ! Why, I painted the identical scene two years ago!”
Betty Wasson, Hi'33, Collaborates On Book The newly revised book “How to do Publicity” by Raymond C. Mayer of New York City, includes a chapter on “Publicity of Home Economics and Home Service Departments.”
D
UKE UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE DURHAM, N. C. Four terms of eleven weeks are given each year. These may* be taken consecutively (graduation in three and pnequarter years) or three terms may be taken each year (graduation in four years). The entrance requirements are intelligence, character and at least two years of college work, including the subjects specified for Grade A medical schools. Catalogues and application forms may be obtained from the Dean.
— STARTING TOMORROW — ROBERT MONTGOMERY ROSALIND RUSSELL ROBERT BENCHLEY “LIVE, LOVE & LEARN”
This chapter was done in collaboration with Betty Wasson, formerly of Delphi, who was graduated from the Purdue University school of home economics in 1933. Miss Wasson is connected with the Mayer advertising agency in New York City.
LEARN TO DANCE By Enrolling In Our NEW BEGINNER’S CLASS Wed., Dec. 15, 7:00 P. M. Our Classes WiH Be Dismissed During School Vacation PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
MaiiI
Today
[ TWO FIRST IHJN JUTS ‘HARMONY LANE” with Douglass Mbntgomery Evelyn Venable —PLUS— Weldon Hey burn in “THE 13TH MAN”
starts TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
mmmm mJBSBSSmmm
LAST DAY-
STARTING TOMORROW OTTO KRUGER “COUNSEL FOR CRIME”
—Plu*
JOHN PAYNE “LOVE ON TOAST”
ARC
Last Times Today
REX LEESE ‘SILVER TRAIL”
THUB. — PRI. — SAT, RICARPO CORTEZ "THE CALIFORNIAN” HELEN MACK In "YouCanT Buy Luck” "OICKTRACV” NNWednesday# December 15. 1937
THE PDBDUE EXPONENT
Hetmen Tackle Tall Detroit Quintet Tonight
^ ^ ^ ^
^ ^
^ ♦
Theta Chi Wins Interfraternity Swimming Meet
Brazilmen Pin Hopes On All-Southpaw Offense
Probable Lineup
Positions Detroit
f Kolibar f Laske c Caliban g Buchholz
g O’Donnell
Officials — Referee, Schommer, Chicago; umpire, Kearns,
DePaul. Time, 1:30; place, Fieldhouse.
Coach Ward Lambert’s speedy
Purdue
Sines. Young Anderson Dickinson
Beretta
I Places
Northwestern
Two Boilermaker Stars On All-Opponent Team
\
The All-Opponent team recently selected by Northwestern University’s football team contained three players from Notre Dame, two each from Minnesota, Purdue and Ohio, and one each from Illinois and Wis-
The Notre Dame players selected were Puplis, quarterback; Sweeney, end, and Beinor, tackle. Van Every halfback, and Midler, tackle, were the Minnesota representatives. The Purdue players were Brock, halfback, and Zachary, end. Others picked were: Rabb, halfback, and Zamas, guard, Ohio State; Brewer, guard, Illinois, and Murray, center, Wisconsin.
A freshman math genius at the University of Rochester, Davis J. Stolzer, has done something professors would be proud to claipi. He has worked out and proved an extension to the method of determining the roots of polynomial equations. Heretofore, only-roots that
were integers could be determined.
five will be faced by one of the tallest squads orr their schedule as they take the floor against Detroit University tonight for their last home appearaqce for a month. The Boilermakers, comparative midgets as far as basketball stature goes, are expected to have considerable trouble against the rangy Detroit combination, not only in gaining possession of the ball off the backboard, but in stopping the offensive drives of an all-southpaw quintet who toss ,the ball through the hoop with the left hand. Detroit’s Coach Brazil believes that by putting an all-left-handed team on the floor he might be able to get the jump on Purdue before the locals can get used to seeing the ball shot through the net from the freak side. Detroit Boasts Rangy Guards Chet Laske is regarded as one of the most dangerous pivot men in Michigan, and is very good at lefthanded hook shots, leading his teammates in scoring for the past three years. Buchholz and Petersmarck, both sophomores, are two of the tallest men to play the guard positions for the University of Detroit in the past five seasons. Both stand six feet three inches and weigh well up in the 180 pound range.
(jJhm, ihsL hcwjL JbeatL piVtchaMd. heJuL
Come in and see if you can’t find a gift suitable for the girl or boy and every member of the family.
Costume Jewelry; Purdue Jewelry Hand Wrought Aluminum Chase Chrome Queen’s Art Pewter Linens Pottery Mexican Pottery and Glassware Bpoks for Children ^nd Adplts Toys
0 308 State St., West Lafayette
SouThworth's
open Evenings
Chicago Stars On Detrdit 5
Bob Caliban
Kappa Sigma Places Second; Beta Theta Pi Third In Annual Affair
Over 200 men turned out for the yearly interfratemity swim held last night in the beautiful new pool of the Fieldhouse. The entire meet was dominated by the Theta Chi’s, Kappa Sig’s, and Beta’s, who together garnered 53% points of the total 89% points scored during the evening. These three won the meet, placing in order as above.
Unusual talent was displayed in
the shorter swimming races, and the numerous close finishes had the spectators on the edges of their seats most of the evening.
Graham, Beta free styler, was the individual star of the evening, winning both the 200 yard relay and 200 yard free style races, and being nosed out of a first place in the 100 yard free style by a one-tenth of one second difference in the timer’s watches.
Close Race The three leaders ran neck and neck on total points scored, through the meet, and it was not known which hohse would win the intramural cup until the points for the last race were totaled. Results of the meet are as follows. Medley Relay, won by Theta Chi; 50 yard free style, won by Delta Chi; 100 yard breast stroke, won by Theta Chi; 150 yard back stroke, won by Pi Kappa Phi; 100 yard free style, won by Kappa Sigma; 200 yard free style, won by Beta Theta Pi; 200 yard free stylt relay, won by Beta Theta Pi; and diving, won by Theta Chi.
Participants in campus politics do more cheating in the classroom than students in any other group, it was found by Prof. F. W. Parr of the University of Oregon in a recent survey.
Sewanee U Offers Minnesota's Coach 10 Year Contract
By J. A. Hebbeler
Coach Bernie Bierman of the Big Ten championship Minnesota Gophers need have no fear of alumni wolves, as little Sewanee University has offered the football wizard a 10 year contract and states that money is no object.
With Harry Kii)ke as a reminder, Bierman might do well to keep the offer in his drawer for future reference. While the gridiron stock was high at Michigan, Kipke had no worries with the alumni but with the Wolverines near the bottom of the heap he was given a nice boost out of the picture.
Although sitting on top of the football world at the present, no one can foretell when fate may fail to smile on Minnesota teams. For some reason the alunmi fail to remember the good years of a coach and a few‘lean years for Bierman would wipe out all of his greatness. No doubt Kipke would welcome a similar offer from Sewapee at the present time, and who knows what may be the Minneapolis wizard’s fate ?
Frank O’Donnell
Bob Caliban and Frank O’Donnell, sophomore center and guard respectively, on this year’s University of Detroit basketball team, were co-captains of St. George’s high school cage team of Chicago, 111., during their senior year in school. Both are regulars on the U. of D. team this year and show promise of becoming one of Detroit’s greatest combinations on the basketball floor. Caliban is perhaps the most aggressive member of the squad, and seldom misses a set shot. His main asset to the squad lies in his ability to take the ball off the backboards. These two are representative of the 10 sophomores who make up almost entirely the Detroit squad.
Walters To Serve On Personnel Committee
Dr. J. F. Walters, director of personnel for the schools of engineerjpg and science at the University, has been named a member of the
personnel committee of the American Council on Education for the coming year. The committee intends to take up the study of personnel'^ work in colleges and universities.
Attention, Fraternities! for your Xm^s Parties
We have a complete line of
Large Selection of Xmas,Cards Mechanical Toys Construction Sets Games Dolls
OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL 8:30 Purdue 5c end 10c Stor^ West |.afayette
Special Student Busses DECEMBER 18th , . LEAVING LAFAYETTE for New York, N. Y. St. Louis, Mo. Cleveland, Ohio Phone 2105 or 2151 for Rates and Reservations
• the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
BookBtoree —
~ Bardumro •
SOUTHWORTH’S Rverything for the Purdue Student
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOORWAX J.SPERBHDW* SSSUAIN
“DEAC” EvurytUng for a College ISdttcntioii H. G. REISNER
PROFESSIONAL
lie Risk Dental Oinie aa. PAUL A. am aa.aAaou>;i.iasa na.ioBBpnre.aipa Ba.i.uTBBaA.aiaK 4th R Mate Phone I7tl
Bemtty Studio —
• EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SBRVICB o ,CU»-ed Spedeli, Thurs. • FH. ITflPMT V iviriXvjui BBAUTT STUDIO MS Mute - Phene 7717
—>• >
F, Jes* IliiDiaiipiGSQiB DtpendeUe Ueheadthp JLe8EMmMIm I^M MmA mmm UC.WI. OtwOM* — SPS-m N. fth St. Phene ms
Fiimiiiire
—-Barhera-^
Slvdent Bge^ent JjuumSHnuui 0D, dllQplBpiliaiRt Phemini
MODEL **rHiaSB Coon BARBERS’*
\IMMlIBBlIIMRMiiB
mr
li
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday# DecenAer 15# 1937
Glider Club To Test Efficiency Of Ships Cooperating with Prof. K. D. Wood of the aeronautics department, the Glider Club is planning a series of tests to be run on their motorless craft. They have obtained an experimental license and are waiting for favorable weather to begin the tests. Ranging from the effect that the weight of an extra passenger has on the performance to the difference between a thick and thin section for tail surfaces, the experiments will cover a variety of problems concerning the glider’s efficiency. In tests run to date the performance of the present model has exceeded that of any other ship the club has owned. Omicron Nu Spc»nsors Christmas Baskets All members of the home economics school are requested to donate today, food or money to the Christmas baskets, by Lillian Murphy, president of Omicron Nu. The basket donations will be given to the Salvation Army to be distributed to the needy families of Lafayette. Donations will be collected on a table which has been placed near the Christmas tree in the main hall of the Home Economics Building. Since last year was the first time such a plan was attempted, Omicron Nu (Senior Home Economics Honorary) hopes that there will be even more response this year. Every girl is asked to contribute. University Women To Hear Reviews On Late Books Members of the recent graduate group of the American Association of University Women will hold their Christmas meeting tonight at 7:30 at the home of Miss Elizabeth Mackay. Mrs. L. W. Josselyn, formerly in charge of the browsing room, will review several recent books. She will also discuss habits of reading and how to get the most from one’s reading. There will be a short business ses sion, and plans will be made for a guest meeting to be held in Janu ary.
C. W. Frank, of the Associ ated Electric Laboratories, Inc., of Chicago, HI., is coming to Purdue after Christmas to talk to senior engineers concerning employment. His company is interested in electrical and mechanical engineers “preferably in the upper quarter scholastically, intelligence above average and good personal characteristics” to work at development, design, equipment engineering, and testing of such products as telephone instruments, switches, relays, etc. Frank is interested also in senior engineers who have the qualities expected in a man who would contact other companies and the public. An outstanding scholastic average is not necessary, although better than average personality and appearance are important. The work outlined for these men would not be selling. Seniors interested in interviewing Frank should sign up in the office of the head of their school. The Household Finance Corporation of Chicago, 111., is interested in a few science or engineering seniors for employment after graduation. Being one of the larger organizations engaged' in the small loan business, this corporation has need of representatives to investigate the finances and character of persons applying for a loan. A new man first works under the supervision of a brapch manager, contacting loan applicants in their homts. The work requires tact, and a keen mind. The beginning salary is $100 a month. All transportation expenses on the job are paid by the company. Seniors may leant more about this organizatipn from papaphlets in the o^e of the head of their schodl. Those interested may sign .up for recommendation there.
Detroit Gicmt
Charles Buchholz, 6’ 3”, who is one of the two tallest men to play guard for the University of Detroit cagers during the past five seasons.
Women’s Athletics
Rifiery Tournament' Winners Winners in the riflery tournament were announced yesterday by Doris Christenson. Ward I received first honors with a group score of 59.7. Pi Beta Phi ranked second by scoring 57.1 points. Kappa Alpha Theta, third with a total of 56.3 points. Individual winners are: Emily Tubbs, 83 points; Mary Knapp, 72 points; Helen Bailey and Mary Lou Hinchman 79 points each. Intramural All co-eds may participate in intramural sports, stated Miss Helen Hazelton, head of the department of physical education yesterday. Tuesday is reserved for individual activities, such as deck tennis, shuffleboard, ping-pong, while vol-ley-ball is played on Monday, Tuesday and Thursday. Helen Kniiht To Show Movies Of Modern Dame Moving pictures of the modern dance "will be shown by Miss Helen Knight, sponsor of Orchesis, and instructor in the PEW department again today at 4 o’clock in the Engineering Administration Build ing lecture room. Since modem dancing is a new movement on, the campus, all students, men and women, are urged to attend. Regular meeting of Orchesis will be held tonight at 7:30 in the Women’s Gym. This is the last practice which will be open to new mem? bers.
WB A A Programs
11:00—American Institutions, Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—-Farm Facts. 12:15—Social Security Talk 12:20—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Sports Review by Bob Heine. 12:45—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—Meditations by Rev. Doyle Mullen. ' 1:15—Vocational Guidance, T. R. Johnston. 1:30—The Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Market and Weather Reports. 2:00—^Lafayette City Schools Program. 2:15—This Week in Literature—A. R. Rolfs. 2:30—Yoo and Your Child. 2:45—Hymn Echoes—Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 3:00—The Home Decorator. 3:15—The American Scene. 3:30—Music with the Masters 4:00—The Story Book Hour. 4:15—Marjory Starrett. 4:30—Better Vision. 4:45—^Benton Burns—Baritone, Graduate Appointed Extension Specialist Ronald H. Bauman, ’23, was recently appointed to the position of extension specialist in farm management at the University. With an extensive background in farm loan servicing and farm managing activities in both Indi,ana and Ohio, Bauman will carry on the work for merly in charge of Harry Moore, now with the soil conservation service on the Benton county project:. His work will be mostly in southern Indiana counties.
All Books in Special Gift Wrappings at No Extra Cost If $1.00 ot^More
A delightful remembrance, and one that will be appreciated these winter evening, is a book selected either from our stock, of best sellers or from the special gift section. There are books for eveiry taste and in all price ranges.
518-520 Main St.
DECKER’S
Phone 6477
Ag Men Confer With Visiting Officials Dr. W, W. Skinner, assistant chief of the bureau of chemistry and soils, Washington, D. C.;' H. T. Herrick, chief of industrial food products, of the same bureau; and Dr. O. E. May, director of regional soybean industrial production laboratories at Urbana, 111., conferred with University agricultural cheniical staff member’s last week-end
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, £fold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
WANTED — Reliable student desires work during 'Christmas vacation. References. Please call J. Hinshaw at 66102.
LOST—A wide silver bracelet. Reward. N. Trimble, WRH-North, Phone 4051.
LOST — PossiJ^ly in Fieldhouse. Gold Signet ring bearing initials, E. R. One dollar reward. Edward Roskowski. 145 Pierce St. Phone 2966,
FOR RENT—Room, within onehalf block of Union Building, for two students. Phone 2640.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.i
Senior Mechanicals: Inspection trip reports must be made by December 16. Por particulars see bulletin board in Mechanical Engineering Building. —YOIING.
University Students: Will everyone who is interested bring a 10-cent toy or 10 cents for poor children to the YWCA office by the evening of December 21. —BROWN.
WAA Volleyball: Games to be played this week. December 16, 4:00, Ward 3 vs. Siiream-
liners: Padalion vs. Ward 4; 4 ;80, Alpha Chi vs. Pi Phi: Alpha Xi vs. Theta. December 16, 4:00, Theta vs. Ward 8; Ward 4 vs. Ann Tweedale; Ward 2 vs. Popsters ; 4:80, Chi Om^a vs. Padalion : Kappa vs. Ward 1; WBH North vs, Collegianna. —RODERICK.
WAA PING PONG: Thesp games are to be played by noon, December 16: Lockner vs. Cook: l^ndolph vs. Sexton; Hollingsworth vs. Weishaar; Christenson vs. Randall : Deleplane vs. Goss; Swick vs. Newmann; and Mather vs. Gabler. —blank.
Glider Club: Important meeting December 16 in room B of the Union Building. —WEBB.
Zouaves: Rush initiation December 15 at 7 p. m. in the Armory. —HANNAS.
PIA Campaign Salesmen. Those having membership tickets to sell please check them in at the PIA office by December 16. —MABY.
Tau Beta Pi: Initiation banquet post; poned until January 6, 1938. Pledges may obtain their keys this week from me after 7 p. m. at 433 Vine street. —GREIGER,
Camera Club: Meeting December 16, at 7 p. m. in the tower room. —SAMUELSON.
Camera Club: Get prints from exhibit in Union office December 16, at 4 p. m. —SAMUELSON.
House Presidents and' Ward Managers: Please meet in PIA office at 4 p. m. December 16 to check up on housing survey. —SCHLUNDT.
Independent Students: Any students interested in the housing survey being con-
ducted by Exponent, PIA, and the Pur^e Student Alliance please meet in Union PIA office at 4 p. m. December W^^jj^UNDT.
WAA Council: There will be no meeting until after vacation. —MERRITT.
WSGA Sophomores: Training school December 16 at 4 p. m. —STEWART.
WSGA Executive Board: The meeting for December 16 has been postponed. _ —STEWART.
Chi Epsilon: Meet December 16 at 7:80 p. m. in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building. —^WALING.
Purdue Student Alliance: There will be a meeting in room C of the Union Building December 16 at 4 p. m. to select delegates to attend the national conference. —STEINBACH.
Union Sophomores: My committee meet in Union office December 16 at 4 p. m. —JACOBSON.
WAA Deck Tennis: These games must be played December 17 at 4 p. m.: Boehm, Bertha, Clymer, Sholty, Morris, Mounce,' Shaffer, Dodson, Jenkins, Cook, Tooten, and Schmoe. ’ JENKINS.
Orchestra: No practice because of basketball game. Please, attend movies in Engineering Administration Building at 6 p. m. December 18. —HARRY.
Home Economics Girls: Bring can of food on December 16. Leave by the Christmas tree in main hall of Home Economics Building. / —MURPHY.
QdmA,
Suits Overcoats Mackinaws Gloves Handkerchiefs Garters
Topcoats Sweaters Mufflers Suspenders Tie Chains Pants
Jordan’s Men’s Shop
436 Main Street
Be The Early Bird Merchants are ready with the finest display of Christmas merchandise ever assembled. The streets ar,e ablaze with colorful lights—the shops decked in gay holiday attire. The whole city is transformed into a festival of merry making. This is a picture of Lafayette. Do your shopping in Lafayette before going home Christmas.
Patronize Local Merchants