'f
Purdue
Volume 51. No. 33
Exponent
Wednesday. October 18, 1939
Late War Bulletins e 'Baby Maginot' Quiet Cary Hall—An ominous silence hangs over the fortifications of the West hall as both sides seem to be feeling each otller out. Seniors consider themselves safe behind the massive concrete and steel walls of tik^e “Baby Maginot,” while the frbsh are testing the strength of defenses before the big push. No major battles have been reported, minor engagements being the extent of hostilities. Both sides are optimistic and feel that a spark may set off the conflagration. • Guerrilla Bands Roam Union (as passed by censors)— Boving guerrilla bands have made it almost impossible for seniors to protect their front lines. Mechanized warfare has made their advance too rapid for supplies and reinforcements to follow fast enough. Seniors strolling through the Union sporting mustaches have become rare sights. It has been rumored that a new defense plan having as its basis the convoy system is to be put into effect. Particulars of the system are • Frosh Make Attack Phi Kappa—A surprise attack by the frosh found Senior Jack O’Conner asleep in the dorm totally unprepared. After awakening from what seemed like a bad dream, he found his mustache gone. Deadly reprisals resulted. Jack engaged the entire group (one at a time) in personal combat in the ring, battles lasting two rounds. • Reserves Called Out Pi Kappa Phi—Reinforcements in the form of sophomore pledges have been called out. Eve®y available non-active has been ^lled to the colors to support George Morgan, 260-pound Big Bertha, who single-handed withstood the hammering of 12 seniors as his pledge brothers attacked one of the enemy> Seniors admitted the loss of two mustaches. • Half Mustache Gone ' Kappa Delta Rho—Claiming annihilation of half a mustache, formerly a mandate of George Peck, the frosh declared unrestricted warfare on all seniors wearing, growing, or professing to grow mustaches. No warning will be given belligerents previous to attack. Mustache wearers claim they have perfected a new razor detector far superior to any previously used. • Seniors Attack Sigma Phi Epsilon—One of the most unorthodox incidents of the war occurred here last night. George Landers, sophomore, was well on his way to a fine mustache when a senior spy learned of his plans. Quick to attack, the seniors removed the obstacle. If it had not been for the immediate counterattack of hastily gathered sophomore forces the outcome might have closed this theater of war. As it is, the seniors were pushed back, having gained no more than the One objective. • First Gas Used Acacia—With a gas attack unrivaled in any previous war, and the first real atrocity to be committed in this campaign. Graduate Student “Mad Russian” protected his red mustache and goatee from a mass attack of eight frosh. His room, turned into an improvised dugout, became saturated with tear gas forcing not only the enemy to flee, but the defender as well.
Entries
. . . are still open for six billiard tournaments, straight rail, three cushions, and 14-1 pocket billiards, and the same in chart shots. The winners of these six tournaments will play off for the championship of the University. Morris H. Ingleman won the championship last year.
Vincent Lopez, Featuring Penny Parker, Will Play For Friday's Mixer In Ballroom
300 Dad's Day Frcshmen Compete
Tickets Remain
Vincent Lopez and his internationally known band featuring their own brand of swing called “Suave Swing.” will play for the mixer in the ballroom Friday evening from 9 until 12 at the usual price of one. dollar. Personally Lopez is noted for his ability as a piano player. “Believe It or Not” Ripley is the authority for the statement that Lopez’s digits can move over the piano keyboard at the incredible rate of 2,200 notes per minute. “Darling of the Dials” Latest protege of Lopez’s orchestra is 17-year-old Penny Parker, known as the “Darling of the Dials.” Parker supplements the jitterbugging and singing of Betty Hutton, since Betty has become known as “America’s No. 1 Jitter-
bug.”
Through the years that Lopez
has had an orchestra he has started many now famous band leaders on their way. Those who got their first New York' job with Lopez include Rudy Vallee, Artie Shaw, Tommy
Dorsey, and Xavier Cugat. Compton, Palmer To Headline Religious
Emphasis Program ^oard Of
Co-eds To Discuss Debating Plans For Current Semester Open to all girls who are interested in <jp-ed debating this year, a meeting will be held today at 4 p.m. in room 301 of University Hall. Although official squad tryouts will not be held, plans for this year’s co-ed debating will be formulated and discussed. Previous experience in debate work is not necessary, but a reasonable amount of ability is essential, according to Mr. Winch, of the speech department, who is in
charge.
Similar to the Northwestern meeting, which was held last spring, this year’s program includes a Big Ten group discussion contest, at Ohio State University, December 8 and 9. “Should Anti-Democratic Organizations Be Suppressed in the United States” will be the topic of discussions throughout the year. In addition to the Big Ten program, members of the squad will appear before various groups throughout the state to discuss their subject in more formal types of practice debates, under the di-
rection of Mr. Winch.
Headlining the “Religious Emphasis Week” program, which will be from November 11 to 17, inclusive, will be two well-known speakers, Dr. Albert W. Palmer, president of the Chicago Theological Seminary, and Dr. Arthur H. Compton, professor of physics at the University of Chicago. Reverend Palmer is well known throughout the nation for the books he has written, which include “The Human Side of Hawaii,” “The New Christian Epic,” “Drift Toward Religion,” “Paths to the Presence of God,” and “Orientals in American Life.” Professot Compton, who has spoken here before, has been the leader of many scientific expeditions and explorations. A list of outstanding speakers, who will lecture at various times during the week, has been arranged for the program. Reservations . . . for “Brother Rat,” riotous farce of undergiaduate life at V.M. I. began yesterday and will continue until the opening performance, Wednesday, October 25. Holders of season books may exchange their coupons for reserved seats any afternoon from 3 to 5:30 at the Playshop office in Eliza Fowler Hall. Absolutely all season tickets for the Purdue Playshop have now been sold. Only a few patron tickets are available and subscribers wishing to act as patrons are urged to file their orders immediately. Burkholder Paintings On Exhibit In Music Room A group of floral paintings by Mrs. Burkholder, wife of Prof. C. L. Burkholder of the horticulture department, is now being exhibited in the music room of the Memorial Union. The exhibitor has studied with Sister Rufinia at St. Francis School, in Lafayette, and several Brown county artists. Since 1933, when Mrs. Burkholder first took up painting as a hobby, she has become so deeply involved in art, that she could almost call it her profession. Her paintings have been widely exhibited in the state, and one was reproduced on the cover of the “Indiana Club Woman” in August, 1939. The exhibit will be removed to the Hoosier Salon Galleries in Chicago at the conclusion of the showiiig in the music room.
Trustees of the University and President and Mrs. Elliott were guests of honor at the first reception and dance of the year for the University Club. Between 500 and 800 faculty members attended the formal reception. Routine affairs and inspection of new buildings underway on the campus occupied the time of the Board of Trustees at their quarterly meeting which began yesterday
morning.
Fishburn^ Cooper To Address Charm
Three hundred of the Dad’s Day tickets remain unsold and will go on sale from 4 to 5:30 in the Great Hall of the Union this afternoon at the usual price of $2.75. No tickets will be reserved but any number can be purchased on a cash basis. Students may obtain these tickets by presenting their passport tickets and 25 cents. Seats are located on the east side of the stadium on about the 30-yard line. Student Union To Feature Smoker For Visiting Dads Especially attractive to all the Dads who will be here this week-end for the Dad’s Day festivities will be the smoker Saturday evening from 7:30 until 8:30 in the ballroom of the Union. The smoker is for fathers and sons with the Student Union providing free cigarettes and cigars. Zouave Drill The program will include a drill by the zouave squad, and contests with prizes going to the fattest dad, tallest dad, the dad who comes the farthest distance, and the dad who has the most children in the University. While the men are enjoying the smoker the mothers and daughters will be entertained in the Music room of the Union. A program has been planned and will be announced later. Identification Cards Registration for all Dads will be at a desk in the Great Hall of the Union from 8 a. m. until 12 noon and from 4 until 6 in the evening. Every student should see that his Dad registers and gets programs and identification cards that have been prepared by the Student Union. At 11:45 the annual Dad’s Day luncheon will be held in the ballroom and will adjourn at 1 o’clock in order to allow plenty of time for the dads to see the parade and get to the football game.
School October 26 Cadets Presented
With Smith Trophy Medals At Luncheon
Standards will be set for the 1939-40 co-ed when Herb Fishburn and Paul Cooper speak at the first co-ed charm school meeting of the year sponsored by WSGA and YW CA October 26 in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union. Freshman girls are urged to attend in order to elect a WSGA representative after the program. The eds will speak on co-ed charm and promise to enlighten coeds as to the qualifications of the “perfect girl.” Fishburn, Student Senate president, and Cooper, Student Union president, will present the opinions of the typical ed. After the speech, freshman coeds will elect a WSGA representative at a mass meeting for all freshman women. Alice Newton of WS GA and Bernadette Dygert of YW CA are in charge of arrangements for the meeting to which all co-eds
are invited.
Pi Kappa Alpha . . . social" fraternity, announces the initiation of William Sharpies, Wabash; Elroy Neate, St. Petersburg, Fla.; John Loomis, Buffalo, N. Y.; and Harold Wilson, Lima, 0.
J. N. Lemon
... Phi Gamma Delta, was selected last night by the advisory board of the Activities Bureau to fill the junior manager vacancy in the bureau. Alpha Phi Omega . . . boy scout honorary, will meet at 7:30 tonight in room F of the Union. Dr. L. M. Sears, professor in the history department, will speak. The meeting is not a closed affair, but is open to all interested.
The first cadet officers’ luncheon held yesterday in the Union ballroom included the presentation of seven awards for exceptional work in military science and tactics. Albert Smith Trophy medals for the highest relative standing m the summer camp at Fort Knox were presented as follows: Gold medal to Cadet Col. L. L. Lyles, corps commander; silver medal to Cadet Col. H. G. Kolb, and bronze medal to Cadet Col. F. H. Hurst. Smith trophy medals for the most general improvement during the junior year were «given to J. E. Daily, gold medal; W. J. Tomehl, silver medal, and W. M. Hilt, bronze medal. The Field Artillery Association medal for the most outstanding junior w^s presented to Cadet Col. L. L. Lyles. Prof, C. W, Carrick . . . head of the poultry department, announced that 26 persons registered Monday for the annual two-week poultry short course. Classes offered in the two-wepk course, which is the 21st annual poultry short course, opened Monday.
T.E.Shaw
In Beveridge Contest Speaking on a variety of subjects, approximately 60 freshmen competed in the preliminary round of the twelfth annua) Beveridge Speech contest yesterday afternoon in room 301 of University Hall. Seven were chosen to compete in the iinals
tomorrow.
Those selected for the finals were William Swager, Maurice Udes, Albert Katz, Jordan McCarty, David Hudelson, Robert WeiSs, and Donald Brophy. " Subjects Vary Subjects ranged ^rom “Why Go to College?” to “Radio Hams,” with each entrant speaking five minutes. The contest was run on the double elimination plan, 40 being cut in the first elimination, and seven finally surviving. Two awards, the Hays Cup and the Ankeny Trophy, are offered this year. The winner of first place will receive permanent possession of the Hays award, while the organization whose members compile the greatest number of points will have its name engraved on the Ankeny Cup. Any organization winning the trophy three times will be given permanent possession of it. Finals Tomorrow Finals will be held tomorrow night at 7:30 in the Duncan lecture room of the EE building. Contestants will increase their speeches to seven minutes in length, keeping the same topics. The general public as well as the student body is invited to attend. Speech students are especially urged to be at the finals. The contest is sponsored by the student forensic board, Ken Mulholand in charge. Supervisor Speaks To Forestry Club
. . . extension forester, is on leave of absence at Yale University studying the management of timber stands. While in the East he will visit timber areas in Pennsylvania and the “blown-down” area near Boston, Mass.
Rudolph H. Grabow, new Forest Supervisor of the Hoosier Purchase Unit, will speak tonight at 7:45 o’clock at the first meeting of the University Forestry Club. His topic will be, “A National Forest in the Hoosier Hills and What It Will Mean to Indiana.” Mr. Grabow has been very active in the work of the U. S. Forest Service in the past few years and was but recently placed in charge of the purchasing of land in Indiana to be used in the establishment of a national forest in the Hoosier state. He will be on the campus this afternoon and will spend some of his time visiting the various classes. Entomological Society Elects Three Officers Members of the Thomas Say Entomological Society elected the following officers last evening at the society’s first meeting of the year: President, John J. Favinger; vicepresident, Virgil Knapp; and secre-tary-treasurer, Chan J. Frederickson. During the meeting members discussed their experiences this summer in entomological work. Meetings are held every other week and anyone interested is invited to attend. Hoof and Horn . . .'animal husbandry cluB; held their first meeting of the year last night and elected the following officers: Stanley Hurst, president; Joe Cooper,vice president; Gerald Clodfelter, secretary; and Charles Schmidt, treasurer. Coombs Victorious In All Campus Putting Tourney Winner in the play-off for the allcampus putting crown last night was Coombs, who sank 17 putts in the allotted 35 strokes. Knipp got 16 for second place, while Spangler placed third with a total of 14 holes in 36 attempts.
Ganong To Speak On War Prosperity Tomorrow At 7:30 Tomorrow evening at 7:30, Dr. C. K. Ganong, of the department of economics, will speak on “War Prosperity, Good or Bad” in the faculty lounge of the Union building. Purdue Peace Fellowship is sponsoring the talk as part of its program to create interest in the question of America’s peace. Dr. Ganong received his doctor’s degree at the University of Wisconsin and joined the University staff last year after teaching at the University of Kalamazoo. The future plans of the fellowship include the presentation of the play “If This Be Treason” in conjunction with the Wesley Players on November 5, and the annual Armistice Day banquet to be given on November 10. Camera Club Will Study Portraiture With Jerry Carlon of the Dex-himer-Carlon studios, Indianapolis, demonstrating various portrait lighting set-ups, members of the Camera Club will have an opportunity to receive a professional demonstration of portraiture at the regular Camera Club meeting tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. Carlon, official Debris photographer, will demonstrate the fundamental lighting arrangements with the Camera Club lighting equipment, including different lighting techniques and methods of posing subjects to obtain best results. Betty Williams will model and be a subject for Mr. Carlon’s demonstration. A full attendance of Camera Club members and anyone interested in this meeting is desired. Young Will Speak At YWCA Meeting YWCA will hold its first open meeting tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the women’s lounge of the Union. Dr. G. A. Young, head of the mechanical engineering school, will speak on “Campus Traditions.” AH new girls are especially invited to attend as it is an opportunity to become acquainted with traditions here on the campus. After Professor Young’s speech, chairmen of the various committees will address the group on the work of their respective committees. At this time those interested in working may sign to work on their preferred committee. Mortar Board Head Ends Campus Visit Following a limcheon given in her honor- at‘south WRH by Miss Helen Schleman, Mrs. W. M. Fowler, national vice-president of Mortar Board, left the campus yesterday afternoon. Mrs. Fowler was entertained Monday evening at a dinner at the home of Catherine Cooley, president of YWCA. Members of the Mortar Board advisory board, including Dr. Lillian Gilbi-eth, Miss Helen Schleman, Miss Elizabeth Mitchell, and Dean Dorothy C. Stratton were also present.vK"T%¥'¥,-
>Mv
Aii j5
■N
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, October 18, 1939
Jbmh^ JoUl
Senior Mustaches
But
Incidentally
... have been the objectives of freshman raids for many years at Purdue. Some times the frosh battle-until by sheer force of numbers they remove their booty from the seniors’ upper lip. Sometimes the senior is able to evade the rhinies, or beat them off; occasionally brother upperclassmen rescue him from the green-potted contingent. These battles sometimes more or less serious, result in accidents . . . black eyes, bumps and bruises. Most critical accident we know "of this year is a broken ankle. Last year a razor slipped and Dr. Miller took seven stitches to close the cut. We do not advocate complete outlawing of the mustache battles, but we do propose a program of moderation. Hand-to-hand battling can be done much more safely out of doors than in the confines of a small room. A straight razor should never be brought into play, as has been done before.
By Petrov
We went into WRH West the other day to deliver a package. Honest it was just a packkge. At any rate, on our way in we walked past a step-ladder with a man on top of it hammering away at something just above the door. We walked past the ladder again on the ‘way put and the man was still hammering.
It appeared that he was chiseling away at the eye-. lids of a head graven in the coat of arms above the door. He seemed to know what he was doing so we watched him for a while.
People who know what they’re doing fascinate us.
Perhaps a set of rules might be drawn up to govern these battles. The odds are all against the senior, for his is a fight of protection. He has everything (his mustache) to lose, and nothing to gain. The freshman can keep fighting until his opponent drops of sheer exhaustion. With this in mind, would it not be fair to “call” the battle if the senior has kept his colors flying (or his mustache waving) for a period of five minutes? On the other hand, if the rhinies should pin the senior’s shoulders to the ground and hold his head motionless for a count of 25, they would be judged the victors. The senior losing the battle, he would submit to the shave without struggling and attendant possibility of getting cut. Mustache battles and cord fights are traditionally friendly contests, not knock-down-drag-out mob scenes. Rivalry should be confined to small house fights, omitting mass actions on the campus. More personal battles may end with renewed friendships and no serious casualties. Boilermakers would be loath to quit their annual mustache and cord brawls, and it would be difficult to make them do so. Scraps, however, should be good-natured contests, with fairly evenly matched sides, and rules of fair play observed without unnecessary roughness.
He didn’t quite like the way the commercial stonecutters had done his heads, so he was touching up here and there with his hammer and chisel. He uses an air chisel over at the Union.
According to Mr. Jonson this Indiana limestone is the nuts to work with. Sandstone, he adds, is tricky to cut because it is too soft, and an3rway you’ve got to look out for silicosis.
We wandered away pretty impressed, wondering about the possible existence of calcium carbonate-osis, or its lay equivalent, limestone-osis, even though Mr. Jonson said there wasn’t any danger from this particular stone.
By the way, we asked him how long it would take before the Union carvings would lose their pristine whiteness. He tells us that as soon as the fall rains come they’ll weather up pretty well.
And if Purdue rains can do that to limestone, you can now understand why people always warn freshmen about Indiana precipitation.
And WE have trouble with the sprinklers.
Purdue Exponent R. E. Insley _ Editor-in-Chief W. E. Smith _ Business Managrer D. G. Terno Editorial Director G. W. Frederick Managingr Editor E. M. Antonini Senior Adyertising Manager G. Schilling _ Co-ed Editor R, Jenkins Sports Edtior
Phones: Editorial, 4005; Business, 5038; Sports, 2792
Published daily except Monday during the academic year Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. National Advertising Representatives: National Advertising Service, Inc.. 420 Madison Avenue, New York, N. Y. Member Associated Collegiate Press This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint.
NOW SHOWING
lOl®'
viWv ^^<5 a ^
ne'
FUN LOADED
SHOW!
SHOE^ FOR MEN
Travel with EDGERTOIVS!
We want every Student in Purdue to see our new selections of Edgerton shoes. You’ll enjoy inspecting and wearing these UNUSUAL values.
yARS
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
TOMORROW-F RI DA Y Action . . . Drama . . . n the Oil Fields!
LUI^
-LAST TIMES TODAY—
BETTY GRABLE — !N — ’MILLION DOLLAR LEGS’
— AND-
AKIM TAMIROFF LLOYD NOLAN — IN — ’THE MAGNIFICENT FRAUD’’
THURS. - FRI. - SAT.
CHARLES STARRETT — IN — ’Outpost of the Mounties’
■AN D-
RICHARD ARLEN — IN — ’’TROPIC FURY’
Phone 3085
Be Thrifty!
Have your laundry done American Way.
Mother has to pay for supplies plus postage, when you send it home.
Both you and she Will Like Our Work.
American Laundry
West Side Office 132 Vine St
0
THE BmSER
4.
We asked him finally just what was going on, and it seems that he had a right to hammer on the face all he wanted to. After all, he designed the whole darned thing. It eventually came out that he was none other than Mr. Jon Magnus Jonson, the chiseler on the Union job, also the designer-chopper on the Music Hall embellishments.
By Frank Lake This week’s list of 10 most popular books in Browsing Roomi ^ 1. Grapes of Wrath, John Stein-
beck.
2. Mein Kampf, Adolf Hitler. 8. Straw in the Wind—Ruth L.
Dobson.
Family Album, Humphrey Pakington. Days of Our Years, Pierre Van
Paassen.
Soaring Wings, George Put-
nam.
Teller of Tales, W. Somerset Maugham. Captain Horatio Hornblow, C. S. Forester. The Rains Came, Louis Brum-
field.
Uncle Fred in the Springtime, P. G. Wodehouse.
^thah^dita-
By Hank Miller
As embarrassing anecdotes go, here is another one that came to our attention. It seems that Uncle was
C.
one of these boys that sings and plays the piano and tells all of the little kiddies cute little good-night stories. One night after he had finished his program and played and sung his theme song, he turned around on the piano bench and said, “There, that’ll put the little 's to sleep.”
12:15. This program gives news and interviews of the students in Indiana colleges. Incidentally, Louise will be on WBAA’s Sweet Shop Interviews this afternoon at 4. —e-e— Harry McCrady and his orchestra have a job in Indianapolis Saturday night and Harry tells us that he has half an hour air time over WIRE. The program is from 11 to 11:30 p. m.
7.
8.
To his surprise and humiliation, the operator had not turned; the microphone off and it went on the air.
9.
10
Brown fo Discuss Phasos
Of Insurance Before AIEE
George Brown, Ag ’22, of Lafayette, will address the University chapter of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers in its regular meeting tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering building. Brown will discuss the advantages of the various phases of life insurance and their applications to future wage earners.
At 4:46 every day, WBAA airs the Story Book Hour with Little Miss Muffet reading “from her big red story book.” Last week, she read the story about the Town Mouse and the City Mouse and since the story was quite long, it had to be given in two parts. After the first installment, three different Cary Hall boys complained to one WBAA staff member about not getting to hear all of the story. —e-e— Last night while strolling about in the Union, we ran into Louise Edwards, former Purdue student and WBAA staff member, who is now the college representative of L. Strauss and Co. in Indianapolis. Louise also conducts the College Circuit on WFBM every Sunday at
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
— WITH — JACKIE COOPER 'LITTLE TOUGH GUYS'
— AND — 'IN OLD MEXICO’ — WITH — WILLIAM BOYD —ALSO — ’’FLYING G-MEN”
THURS. - FRI. - SAT. "EVERYBODY'S BABY" 'RIDERS OF THE BLACK HILLS' 'LONE RANGER RIDES AGAIN''
GOWNS
designed to put glit-
ter, glamour, and compliments in your night life
$12-95 $16-95
And up to $25
Whether you’re fifteen or forty, you’ll discover that our fashions with theijr "age of innocence” charm are truly becoming.^ Your most glamorous evenings will call for these delightful feminine styles in formals and dinner frocks.
Style Center of Lcdoyette
113 N. 4th St.
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
RUTH lEE HUSSEY* BOWMAN AUYN JOHN JOSLYN • MllJAN BERNARD MARY BETH NEDELL • HUGHES ft \/^as^oktu^n r
A.
Mehve Those Tense Moments!
w w li Hvuniiiinv
//
mimi
‘CompJsdsL CcunpuA, CoOBJUUjJL.
of
All Sports
//
You don’t miss a thing in the new 1940 Debris — you relive all the plays, clear, concise, as thrilling as you were jn a grand stand seat.
mo
OabjuA.tt:
nil W«dnesd<!iy. Octdib^ir il« |Sid9
£xpomnL Spo^ fiaqsL
^ #
’>>-
Rivetef Gridmen Prepare For Wide Open Game In Dad's Day Battle With Spartans Turning temporarily from the Big Ten wars which will be renewed with four straight conference tilts in November, the Boilermaker grid forces will make their first home start of the season in Ross-Ade Stadium here next Saturday afternoon against a tricky Michigan State eleven in the annual Dad’s Day
battle.
Anticipating a wide open game in Saturday’s contest, the Riveter squad devoted most of yesterday's drill to perfecting the details of the Boilermaker aerial attack. All four halfbacks, Lou Brock, Jack Brown, Mike Byelene, and Johnny Galvin, took turns at heaving the pigskin, while Dave Rankin, Felix Mackiewicz, and Jack Krause, veteran ends, spent the afternoon on the receiving end of the tosses. The Purdue squad as a whole apparently came through their Conference opener with Minnesota’s Gophers without any serious mishaps. Although Leon DeWitte, Jack
Brown, and A1 Rossi may have to take it easy for a few days, all three are slated to see action in Saturday’s encounter with the
Spartans.
Several thousand bargain general admission tickets, priced at only one dollar, including tax, have been placed on sale at Deac’s, Decker’s, and Southworth’s. The sale of the limited number of these ducats will continue as long as the supply is available. In the event that any tickets are still left at game time, they will be placed on sale at the stadium Saturday afternoon.
Coach Papenguth To Rely On Newcomers For Wafer Polo Team Purdue’s new swimming mentor. Coach Papenguth, has been lots of work with a rejuvenateS^awid^ enthusiastic swimming squad, but a little mentioned activity, water polo, has also been coming up strongly under Coach Papenguth’s tutelage. Most of the veterans of last year’s squad are absent by way of the graduation route, but with the unusually fine crop of new men out for the squad, the teams on the water polo schedule will indeed have trouble taking care of these Boilermaker tanksters. Coach Papenguth has several men on the swimming squad playing water polo, which should strengthen the team considerably. This season, the squad meets Dlinois, Chicago, and Northwestern.
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings Photographers from Dexhimer-Carlon Studios, Indianapolis, are taking DEBRIS pictures in the DEBRIS Workshop, first door to the left at the top of the stairs on the second floor of the Union Building, starting at 8;00 a. m., each morning. Every senior has a sitting scheduled for a definite time and will receive a card through the moil telling the exact time of the sitting. DEBRIS editors state that !t is very important that each senior report to the DEBRIS Workshop at his appointed time. If it is impossible for him to be there he should notify the DEBRIS office beforehand^ and make a different appointment. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular DEBRIS pictures and is payable at the time the picture is token.
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER
1:50
Dellinger, H. C.
2:55
Del Valle, H. M.
4:00
De Mars, R. B.
8:00
Dembiriski, L. J.
2:50
Demoret, Lucy
4:05
Denzier, Frank
8:05
De Vault, lleen
10:00
Devol, B. J.
1 :45
De Witt, Nina
4:10
Dickstein, J. J.
9:00
Dietz, G. W.
1 :40
Diffley, P. J.
1 1 :05
Dingle, Robert
.9:05
Dinkius, S. K.
2:40
Disterdick, R. H.
11:10
Dix, Estelle
3:45
Doan,Jack A.
3:40
Dolan, J. P.
4:15
Donahue, R. W.
8:15
Donovan, J. T.
4:20
Doud, K. E.
8:20
Douglas, G. R.
11:15
Downen, C. W.
11:20
Downen, Dons
10:05
Downey, F. B.
11:25
Downing, J. L.
4:25
Drabing, L. G.
1 :35
Draper, Max
2:35
Drever, J. R.
9:55
Dring, R. W.
4:30
Duckworth, 0.
8:25
Dudley, R. L.
4:35
Duggieby, E. B.
3:35
Dulivich, N. C.
3:30
Dunshee, W. E.
10:10
Dunn, F. V.
2:00
Dunn, Ruth
2:05
Dunwoody, Esther
9:10
. Dyer, R. H.
1:30
Dygut, Bernadette
10:55
Ebbeler, D. H.
4:40
Eberhard, H. E.
9:15
Eckstein, P. W.
10:50
Edwards, C. G.
1 :00
Edwards, P. W.
1:05,
Eggebrecht, E. T.
8:30
Eichelberg, S.
4:45
Eilering, J. G.
9:50
Elbourn, R. D.
1:10
Ellis, Martha '
3:00
Elmlinger, Andrew
2:10
Elson, C. R.
1:55
Haines, D. L.
11:00
Hall, C. N.
3:50
Hallett, R. W.
8:10
Hamilton, R. L.
2:45
Hansen^^R. R.
9:20
Hayne, D. C.
11:30
Hearne, G. N.
8:50
Heath, Donald
11 :35
Heath, L. M.
10:40
Hebbeler, J. A.
1:15
Heckman, J. R.
4:50
Heckman, T. P.
10:35 Hedden, W. D. 1 :20 Hedderich, H. E. 3:25 Hedges, F. C. 3:20 Heeter, John 11 :40 Heidbreder, C. A. 1 :25 Heilman, J. E. 10:30 Heine, Patricia 4:55 Heiple, D. K. 10:15 Heiss, S. J. 10:25 Heitent, G. C. 2:30 Helbig, H. F. 9:25 Heilman, R.H. 1 0:25 Hqnderson, C. M. 9:30 Henderson, G. T. 1 1 :45 Henderson, Katherine 3:15 Henderson, O. S. 3:10 Henkel, R.C. 2:15 Hennis, T. E. I 1 :50 Henman, D. 2:20 Henninger, Doris 3:05 Herschelman, E. C. 9:35 Hess, G. II ^55 Heubner, 1^. W. 8:45 Higa, K. 2:25 Hill, M. C. 8:35 Hinshaw, j. E. 9:45 Kupke, M. F. 8:40 Ledern, E. H. 9:40 Lyles, L. 3:55 Minkler, H. L. 8:55 Robertson, L. S. 10:45 Sherman, D. A.
THURSDAY, OCT. 19
8.00 11 :15 1 1 :10 10:15 8.05 8:45 10 45 1 1 -20 10.20 9.15 10:40 10.50 1 :30 8:50 8:10 1 :35 8:15 1 1 :05 8:55 1 1 :25 1 :40 9 05
20 15 30 45 50 35 55 00 10.05
Bailey, Helen Baker, Frances Balaishis, Ed. J. Baldock, K. Baldwin C. H. Bale, A G. Baluk, G Barker, Carolyn Barnes, Elizabeth Barnes, C. M Barnes, F. R. Baske, R. A Baumie, G. E. Baxter, Virginia Beam, W. M. Beard, A. H. Beck, Virginia Becker, R. C Beem, F. A. Beier, M. G. Beil, Esther' Beir, R. M. Beko, Mary Belfield, A. M. Beman, W. A. Bennett, Ruth Bemis, Loraine Benson, C. Bentley, D. R. Beretta, F. F. Berg, W. F.
8:25 1 1 .40 1 1 :00 1 1 :45 1 .55 4:00 1 1 :50 1 :00 10:10 ‘10:35 1 :05 10:30 2:00 10:25 1 1 :55 4:05 9 30 1 10 9:35 9:40 1 :20 9 00 8 30 8:35 2:30 2- 35 2.40 4-10 2.45 2:50 9:10 4:15 2:55 8:40 3- 30 3 35 9.45 9:20 3:40 3:45 4:20 3:50 3:00 2.05 2:10 2:15 4:25 4:30 2:20 3.05 3:10 4- 35 3 15 4:40 3:20 4-45 4:50 4:55 5:00 3:25 2:25 1 :25 3:55 9:50 9:55
Bernichson, C. A. Berry, Treva Best, S. G. Bichsel, H. J. Biggerstoff, S P. Bignall, A G Bikin, H Black, P. 0 Bland, Robina Blandon, R. A. Blockson„G. A. Bobbitt, B. M Bodem, Jessie Bogue, E. S. Boksenbom, A Bonebrake, J R Bonner, R. W. Bonnet, C H. Book, R. L Bosinger, M L. Bossong, R J. Bower, W W. Bown, L. D. Boyce, Margaret Boyd, C. C. Boyd, H W. Bradley, K. Braithwaite, J. T. Brasaemie, Betty Brassart, Maxine Bratton, Ruth Bredes, C. A. Breeden, R Breese, J. E. Brehmer, H. A. Bremer, F. S. Brever, G. W. Brewer, E. Brewer, J. M. Brindle, R. L. Brinkerhoff, B. W. Broberg, J G. Brock, J. L. Brodd, L. J. Brooks, J. H. Brower, Martha Brown, Bill Brown, C. A. Brown, C. R. Brown, C W. Brown, H. M. Brown, M. S. Brown, R. N. Brownlee, I. G. Brubaker, N H. Brubeck,^ D. L. Bruington, G E. Brunk, M. A Bryan, J. D. Bryan, J. K. Bullivant, J. E Burbrink, K. E. Buenting, R. E. Burkholder, R. E. Bush, J. D.
7m
(DehjaA. “Qompisda, (^ampuA, QooaJuiuyL.'
The Scorecard By Rolfe Jenkins Sorry we aVe a day late, folks. There was plenty of range in this week’s guesses, and plenty of range in the results. For the first time, however, we have an undisputed winner in John K. Coster, who was right on 13 games and wrong on seven. Bud Mytinger had 12 right and eight wrong for second place. Tied with 11 correct and 9 wrong were John Willsey, who was tied for best last week, John H.Papurca, tied for best the first week, Paul Carrington and the sports editor. Half and half guessers were Phil Johnson, tied for first last week, Ray Hall, Ralph Reiley and John L. Traugott. Dick Sidwell had a better p,ercentage than the 10-10 men because he picked 10 and got 9 wrong. He omitted the Michigan StateMarquette game. Exactly Right Two contributors, Marshall Richards and Papurca, picked an exact score, the 6-0 Pennsylvania victory over Yale. The sports editor hit the Tulane 7-0 win'on the head.
Michigan State Squad Offers Trouble For Boilermaker Gridmen On Saturday Although defeated in two of their first three games of the season, Michigan State promises to give the Boilermakers a real testing when they invade Lafayette Saturday. The Spartans put up a real battle against the highly touted IMhchigan team and nearly swept them off their feet in the last haK, giving the Gold and Black supporters ample cause to fear the boys from^ Lansing. I I 1 Have Similar Offense
Ray Hall, Willsey, and Johnson picked the Purdue game a tie. 'The nearest anyone came to picking the Harvard triumph over Chicago exactly was Sidwell’s 34 points for the Ivy school. Willsey and B. S. Jackiewicz chose Marquette to edge out Michigan State. I-M Schedules
Field 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
TOUCHBALL—TODAY
Ward 1 vs Ward 11 Ward 3 vs Ward 22 Ward 4 vs Ward 24 Ward 6 vs Ward 26 Ward 2 vs Ward 6 Ward 7 vs Ward 8 Ward 9 vs Ward 11 Ward 10 vs Ward 12
Official
Mann
Brindnse Smithson Chaffee Chapman
Ckse Ddlan Luce
NEW VICTOR RECORDS
On Sale This Week
• 26368 I Didn't Know What Time It Was—F.T. (V.R.) Love Never Went to College—JF.T. (V.R.) Hal Kemp • 26373 South ot the Border (Down Mexico Way) Stop Kicking My Heart Around Kenny Baker, Tenor with Orchestra by Nat W Finston • 26374 At Least You Could Say Hello—F.T. (V.R.) How Long Has This Been Going On? — F.T. (V.R.) Larry Clinton • 26375 Good Morning— F.T. (V.R.) Honestly—F.T. (V.R.) Sammy Kaye • ’26376 Night Glow—F.T. Stomp It Off—F.T. Tommy Dorsey Swing Classic
The Foster Shop Authorized Dealers RCA - VICTROLAS - VICTOR RECORDS East Side Square
SOFTBALL—TODAY Diamond Official 8—Ward 16 vs. Ward 6 or 27 Glasser 10—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Nassau 12—Sigma Pi vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Saltzman 14—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Kappa Sigma or Tau Kappa Epsilon. Adams 16—^Theta Chi vs. Sigma Nu. Goldstein ' Play-off for 13th place. 18—Phi Kappa vs Sigma Chi. Greey
Coached by Charley Bachman, a former teammate of Mai Elward at Notre Dame, the dangerous Spartan eleven will invade the local stadium with an offense that is strikingly similar to the Boilermakers’ own attack. ^ The visitors place unusual emphasis on a deceptive passing attack, largely due to a trio of ends who have shown themselves particularly adept at snagging aerials. The Spartan wingmen include Stanley McRae, 6 foot 4 inch senior, and a pair of speedy sophomores, Howard Pound and Bob Friedlund. Michigan Band Will Play Word was received here yesterday that the Michigan State band of 200 pieces will accompany the Spartans to Lafayette this weekend. The visiting music makers will join with Purdue’s own 160-piece combination in providing entertainment before the game and between the halves.
NEPICO PIPES, CIGARETTE & CIGAR HOLDERS O NLY filter combining 66 baffle interior and cellophane exterior, keeps nicotine, juices, flakes out of mouth. No breaking in. No tongue bite. Breaks up hot smoke stream, Resulting in healthy
GENUINE FILTERS FOR MEDICO PIPES PACKED WUY IN THIS RED & BUCK BOX
Most beautifulr new siy\es-^mnheard‘‘Oifii~value
Get Your Frank Medico at Bartlett Drug Co.
West Lafayette
306 State Street
Singer's Clothing Store Headquarters for Your Suit or Top Coat The largest variety of ALL WOOL hard finished worsteds that will hold the press and stay in shape; also unfinished worsteds and tweeds in hand tailoring in all the new shades and models at S16*“a-dS19” Others $14.95 to $21.50 MEN’S OVERCOATS AND TOPCOATS A large assortment of fine ALL WOOL Fleeces, Tweeds, Herringbones and Chemo-Suedes expertly tailored in all the new shades and models at
,.9S Others $10.95 to $17.95
$14
MEN’S SENIOR CORDS of fine thickset corduroy, with ruler pocket, pleated and Talon zipper fronts.
Special at
$2.98 a pair
MEN’S FANCY FLANNEL SHIRTS , Loud plaids or other popular plain shades at 79« ani fi9« RAINCOATS Young men's trench coats or slickers at ^ $2.98‘ t-i •" ■//J' "P' 'f- 11 ! ‘ t ^ S* V W ^ ^
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday# October 18# 1939
Classified Ads
NOTICES No notices will be A<^epted after 8 p.
Horticulture Club: Meeting of Horticulture Club today at 7 p. m. in the auditorium' of the Hort building. Election of manager for next year.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—16 mm. movie camera F 4.5 lens. Ten Dollars. 8 mm Univex F 5.6 lens. Six-fifty. Call 66601.
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting Thursday, October 19, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union —TEBRIO.
Lutheran Students: There will be a meeting of the Lutheran Students Association in room P of the Union at 4:15 p. m., Friday, October 19. All Lutherans are cordially ihvited to attend. —HALL.
Cosmopolitan Club: There will be a meeting in room C of the Union on Friday, October 20. A short program, followed by refreshments, is planned. Everyone is invited. —SHIEKEL.
Indiana State Teachers^ Association: Memberships in the Indiana State Teachers’
Association are available in the general
“ Ps/-
Co-ed House President’s Council: Meeting Thursday, October 19, at 7 p. m. in room A of the Union. —PLUMMER.
office of the Education and Applied Ps chology Office. See Mrs. Wickersham. The cost of tickets is $2.00 which includes the
price of Indiana Teacher.
(10-19) —McCOMB.
\
Exponent Junior Editors: Meeting Thursday, October 19, at 4:30 p. m. in the Exponent Union office. —TERRIO.
Purdue Gymnastic Club: Bi-monthly meeting Wednesday, October 18, at 7 p. m. in room 106 of the Fieldhouse. All mem bers and prospective members invited. —IMHOFF.
WBAA: Important meeting for announcing staff Thursday, October 19, at 7 p. m. in room 134 of the Electrical Engineering building. Refreshments. —MILLER.
TTPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low * as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main Street.
Omicron Nu: Pledging Thursday, October 19, in the Home Economics building, room 202 Members please be present at 4 p. m. —HORWITZ.
LOST AND FOUND FOUND: Black mingled Schaeffer pen. Owner call 45753 and identify it
Graduate Group AAUW: Meeting in faculty lounge of Union Wednesday, October 18, at 7 -.30 p. m. Short business meeting followed by current event forum. —FELDT.
Skull and Crescent: Important meeting Wednesday, October 18, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union. All those who have not paid for their paddles bring the money then. —BELLES.
Poultry Club: Meeting Wednesday, October 18, at 7:30 p. m. at the Poultry building. All Agriculture students who are interested may attend. Short course students are especially invited. Film "Vitamins on Parade," sound and technicolor. —SEARCY.
Lafayette Philatelic Society: Meeting Wednesday, October 18, in the old Agriculturist office of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Student collectors invited. .—MILLER.
Dolphin Club: Meeting Wednesday October 18, at 4 p. m., in Dick’s office at the pool. —HARRIS.
LOST—Grey topcoat from Delta Tau Omega house dance Saturday night "Mowly" inside pocket. Reward
LOST—Yellow gold Waltham wrist watch on State street or Ag campus. Please call Jangerman, 5734. Reward.
LOST—Waltham watch, chain, knife. Sigma Xi key, Yale band charm. .Room 211, Union Reward. '
LOST—Old K. & E. slide rule with cracked glass. Call Hopkins, 8407.
Cancellations: Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before noon Saturday, October 28. Cancellation cards are obtainable from heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after October 28 if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men. —DEAN OP MEN.
Battery El: vs. B2 in quarter finals softball game, Wednesday, October 18, at 4 :16 p. m. on diamond 10. —LAYCOCK.
Green Potter Elections: All petitions for Green Potters offices must be returned by 6 p. m. Wednesday, October 18. —DIBOS.
Activities Sophomores: All sophomore committees please report at 4 p. m. Wednesday, October 18, in the Activities office. Important —STEWART.
LOST—Kappa Sigma fraternity pin. Reward. Call 4031. E. L. Molzahn.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTED—To buy K. & E. log-log-deci-trig slide-rule. Call Hopkins at 8407.
Electrical Engineering Students: All who expect to graduate prior to February, 1941, are expected to take the senior engineering inspection trip this fall. (10-22) —HARDING
All Seniors: If you have not received a post card advising time of Debris picture sitting and if you want your picture in the 1940 Debris arrange for a sitting at once in the Debris office, second floor of Union. —WILLIAMSON.
Junior Military Students: The associated military stores will deliver junior advanced course military uniforms on Wednesday, October 18. All juniors will please report to supply room on that date. —CAPT. HOLMES.
Alpha Zeta; Meeting at 7 p. m. Wednesday, October 18, in Reception room of Union. —HITCHCOCK.
Football Ushers and Policemen: All the men listed below please report to the Fieldhouse at 7 p. m., Wednesday, October 18, for preliminary instructions. Men not reporting will not be given jobs so it’s important that you are there. Football Ushers—Rv F. Abell, H. A. Alter, L. E. Aull, V. J. Anhorn, V. W. Antueshko, W. D. Banker, R. A. Baske, L. Bauer, G. E. Baumle, D. N. Beaty, R. R. Bedwell, R. D. Best, R. A. Blank, G. R. Bloomquist, D. V. Bremerman, L. G. Bussell, E. H. Chatham, R. L. Claff, J. Comer, R. A. Compton, J. T. Conrad, H. J. Crawford, A. Z. Crawford, R. S. Crog, C. Crump, J. Crump, J. De La
Croix.
J. J. Denzler, W. Dice, E. R. Doty, H. O. Drabenstott, J. A. Edwards, G. G. Ference, L. E. Freyman, A. V. Gaulke, W. L. Gaulke, J. E. Glardon, R. P. Green, J. W. Henderson, T. J. Herrick, B. S. Hibbets, R. L. Hibbs, L. E. Hiddle, P. W. Hobson, F. Hopping, R. Igney, R. W. Jarvis, T. F. Jelnick, R. C. Joorfetz. R. B. Keene, B. H. Kellog, A. J. Kochlas, S. G. Kona, C. E. Kron, V. M. Lamoureaux, C. Livengood, J. W. Leafgreen, M. V. L’Hefireux, L. E. Lucas, R. A. MacGregor, J. R. McGuire, W. E. McMillen, K. Machacek, L. V. March, G. D. Meid, L. R. Melser, C. W. Messersmith, E. H. Mesterharn, W.
W. L. Rariek, C. C. Reeves, C. H. Bechenback, A. M. Reguly, R. Riggs, R. Riley. G. Schick, E. E. Schnetzler, R. R. Scobee, B. Shapiro, G. Shulman, J. L. Simmons, H. Smallen, Charles Smith, W. J. Smith, H. A. Seller, C. Sparks, W. Summer, N. Steel, A. G. Stone, J. W. Strong, W. W. Stroyeck, L. K. Swing, D. Terrio, L. Tussing, D. P. Utter, J. R. Vanberford, J. Vernon, F. M. Vollmer, J. A. Walker, W. G. Walker, W. J. Waterhouse, J. M. Walters, F. Weber, R. J. Wente, F. Wickberg, G. S. Wiffn, W. F. Wildish, C. H. Witter, J. Wolford, J.
Wright, J. E. Wunderley, H. C. Young.
Polic - ... .. —
Miller, J. D. Mills, C. O. Mock, R. J. Myers, H. Nickey, A. Noblet, P. T. Pauline, W. E.
Eta Kappa Nu: There will be a meeting on Thursday, October 19, at 7:30 p, m. in the old Agriculturist’s office in the Union building. —KEEN.
Purdue Student Alliance: Former Alliance members are invited to participate in Peace Fellowship activities beginning With Ganong lecture Thursday, October 19, at 7:30 p m. in faculty lounge. —STERNS.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Wednesday evening, October 18, at 7:30 in room F of the Union. All student and faculty members please be present. —MeCAMMON.
Peffer, S. R. Peterson, P. L. Petrich, C. A. Poek, J. A. Powell, W. Pozer, F. N. Prater,
Football Policemen—J. Allegretto, P. B. Anthony, R. E. Bailey, R. C. Basenfelder, F. F. Bsretto, M. Blair, D. F. Blember, R. L. Britt, W. K. Burnsides, W. R. Carson, H. Caser, G. Dilts, R. Duncan, J. A. Emmert, R. W. Fleckinger, M. Gantz, J. H. Green, G. W. Hearne, T. P. Hobbs, H. Hoffman, C. E. Johnson, J. G. Kalbfieisch, R. D. Keim, E. C. Kemp, L. G. King, G. J. Kosfcinas, F. Krampe, J. M. Kurtz, R. Lambert, W. L. LeifhSit, W. L. Lingerman. H. P. McFerren, K. C. McLaughlin, L. McMurtrey, J. R. McCurtrey, R. J. Massoth, F. B. Meinke, P. D. Mitchell, F. Montana, E. P. Navta, W. R. Palmer, H. Bayne, J. P. PfAff, H. Pyle, J. Raymond, J. Ridgeway, R. W. Saunders, W. Scabong, W. D. Seeley, C. E. Smith, W. F. Smith, R. L. Stallings, K. Streeter, N. R. Swartz, J. Varos, W. Walton, R. A. Wargo, R. J. Winner, F. G. Witsman, G. B. Young, C. Corn, D. Johnson, D. Bradac, S. Werngen, D. Brindle, S. C. Sperlang, V. J. Clodfelter, C. A. Seler, P. J. Carr, E. A. Wegener, E. Nordell, W. Powell, W. McLennan, G. Tiffy, J. Grassel. Alternates—H. Andrewson, R. Doran, U. D. Harmes, L. J. Haverkamp, L. V. Higdon, B. D. Jordan, Phil Jordan, W. C. Mast, E.
Prpbst, W. A. Sherrer.
—LOMMELL.
USE EXPONENT CLASSIFIED ADS
Union Workers: Meeting of my staff in the Student Union office. —BRODD.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Thursday, October 19, at 7 :45 m room A of the Union —SICKMAN.
Co-ed Debate: All girls interested in co-ed debate please report in room 301, University Hall, at 4 p. m today, October 18. —WINCH.
Chess Club: Meeting in game room Wednesday 7-9 p. m. —CUBTNER.
Freshman Basketball Candidates: Follow ing report Tuesday and Thursday. All othtrs will report Monday, Wednesday, and Friday: Barkley, Bauer, Blackburn, Briggs, Carroll, Comer, Crump, Dickman, Duncan, Fields, Hafer, Hoffman, Johnson, C. Keifer, Krampe, Pyle, Raymond, Riley, Seaborg, Sparks, Stover, Sumner, Wickburg, and Wolford. (10-18) -LAMBERT.
t
-Ht is Bilfiland’s Matt cf the Hotir?
«vs-.$ceRted the Nazi danger from the start and became the implacabJe enemy ot Britain’s jiellQf nf ^^appeasement” ?
^ was so feared for his hrihfance they said, **there will hardly be room for him in Parliament at 3b m in England at 40” ?
fought in Cuba, India^ Egypt and South Africa; became a world hero at 25 for his daring escape front a prison camp?
-—.bottled up Germany in 1014 hy mobilizing Britain’s Navy, on his own initiative, before the ofideiai declaration of war?
—personal^ toohi the blame for Britain'^a disastrous expedition against the Dardanelles?
—*waa once tabbed “too clever to be trusted,” and yet now is the one man In whom the whole Empire puts its faith?
JFOr yegrs he has been the greatest single force in English political life. But how welt do you know him as a person? An American friend and noted commentator brings you a memorable and intimate portrait of him in this week’s Post.
Old Man in a Hurry by VINCENT SHEEAN
Author of “Personai History” and “Not Peace But a Sword”
THE ISETVKMMY
SAIL ILF A SHIP TO POET? FANTASTIC!
On the nine millionth wave the freighter Flora Wyatt split in two, leaving John Orde with only the jagged bow of a ship to command!... If you like sea yarns, turn to Richard Howells Watkins’ story. Half a Ship, in this week’s Post.
NEWEST TICK IN FOeiiALL
Are those kicks that suddenly bounce out of bounds in the coffin corner sheer luck? No, sir! Football’s slyest trick is making ’em bounce out. Here’s the story of the system that is putting The Foot Back in Football. Franny Murray, former Penn star, tells the story.
A FIOHIIN’ PAiSON OOES TO WAi
Roaring, red-headed Rev. Praxiteles Swan was in a mighty bad spot. Only the musketry stabbing red in the night showed him thepositionof those Yankees. The Preacher Learns to Pray, a story by Col. John W. Thomason, Jr. '
CATTLE ROmiUP1940 STYLE
Don’t let the movies kid you that cattle roundups mean wildeyed steers stampeding ahead of yelping cowboys. Donald Hough, author of this article, Beef Comes From the Hills, takes you with him on a roundup in Montana and tells you what a steer’s life is really like before he becomes steak.
MR. ENOCH SETS HIS CAP FOR REVENGE
Mr, Enoch, the gaudy gnome in Room 607, certainly looked like a fugitive from a chaingang picture. So Mr. Caldwell, the new hotel manager, decided to oops him out. A riotous story, Clothes Make the Man, by Nunnally Johnson.
GENTLEMEN PREFER HOOPSKIRTS
Della used enough chicken fencing in building her hoopskirt to take care of twenty brooders. But it was worth it. Wasn’t she ,to meet a polished gentleman —with a fine black beard and a gold tooth in his smile? M. G. Chute brings you the romantic story of The Lady and the Guinea Hen.
WHAT 1$ A FOREIGNER?
What happens when a family comes from Europe to make its fortune in America? How do the children, and the children’s children, rate as citizens? Louis Adamic traces a significant history of one such family, in The Woman From Croatia.
ELLEN KAYE plaid pleidgecd to give you campus appeal. Bright color combinations... with interesting leather-thonged yoke and wide eyeletstudded leather, belt. 9 to 17.
$16-95 $22-50
LOEB & H E NC COMPANY
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main - Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Locksmith
• Hardware
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St, Phone 4354
• Dairy'Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Dine
• jewelers
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
Hays Jewelry Company " East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices