“Revue de Chic” WiU fMure Latest SpHng Fashions; Dance Will Not Be Co^ed Bid A§mr
*‘Bevue de Chic”, a style sh'ow with co-ed models, will be the main feature of the Union formal which will be held in
Contrary to the usual procedure the dance will not be a co-ed
bid aff Mr,
fpftiiiMAll ^ood House
L u m b e r Associatioii Sponsor Fifth Te^ BweiUiig , ■
The National Lumber Manufacturers’ Association is the sponsor of the fifth University reseaifch house. Except for foundations and chimney, the house will be built almost entirely of wood. Wood wool will be used for insulation purposes and wood will be used wherever possible for exterior and interior finished surfaces. , Celemial' Style The house, traditional colonial in character, was designed by McNally and Quinn; architects of Chicago. It is a two story and basement structure. The plans provide for living room, dining room, kitchen, garage, three bedrooms and bath. Consi^ction of the house will start immediately. It is one of nine houses being erected by the Purdue Housing Research Project in a complete study of single housing costs, building materials and construction methods. No house on the University Housing Research campus will cost more than $5,000, exclusive of the cost of the land. Each house is designed to: accomodate a family of four or five. The other four houses are in various stages of design or are out to contractors for estimates.
agMbst KMding dances on successive week-
ends.
Tickets, prided each, may he purijhased ait thh Uriion desk. Abput thirty-fiye tickets of the one hundred thM were placed on sale last Thursday still rema.in Unsold. Reservations for tables ittay be made any afternoon this week in the Student Union office. The dance will be conducted as a cabaret affair, tables being placed in the baUroom* New spring corsages for the girls, carnations for the men, refreshments and souvenirs for each couple will be among favors presented by the
Union.
The dresses for the revue. Which wiU take place about 10 o’clock, will be modelled by cp-eds, and are being furnished by Loeb and Hene. Many of-the dresses will be in the style of the Henry the Third period, which is popular in advance showings of new spring 'fashions.
Kesslerf Elliott Tie For High Point Honors (Special to the Purdue Hsponent) Rallying in the last quarter a team of all star graduates from Purdue nosed out a similar band from Indiana Univen*
Indiana piled up a big lead early in the fray, holding a 12 to 4 margin in the first quarter. Then the Boilermaker
grads^
Dean C. B. Jordan, left, head of the University pharmacy school, who: will: gite ah address of: weicome; to: visiting'druggists who ■ are' for the ;anhhal:.;two:.:day: <m8ference ,beihg^^;h^ today: and tomorrow. :®^®hbrih, rigb^ • ®<iUtor -of the Jourhai of the ■ ^^merican Medical Society, will:be:the featured, speaker oh the program tonight following the- banquet jn the ballroom of the Memorial Union .Building.V DrFishbein'is speaking, on the subject of ■“Socialized Medi.dne.” ■ .
Indiaiia Piiarincieists
Dean Jordmi To Welcojne Druggists;: Fishbeinf
AIEE Entries Due Soon
Lions To Fete Prof. Phipps
the sixth annual druggist conference to be held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building, Speaking on “SociMized Medicine”, Dr. Morris Fishbein, editor of the Journal of the American Medical Associatidn, will he the principal
speaker at the dinner meeting
improved their play,
slicing the margin to three points at the half, when In.-
diaha ted 1ft to ift. WoCdyAVeiriw^^
sational scoring spree as the second half opened and the Crimson boysdrew away to an eight point lead. Then Bob k^ssler, who had been closely guarded by Walker, fbegan to find the range and the Boiler-
makers closed in.
Indiana led 28 to 26 as the third period closed, but a goal by Elliott serit Purdue to the front for the first time as the final chtikker got under way. They battled to a 34-34 tie as the regular period closed, In the overtime Red Lambert took charge, crashing under the basket twice to score, and deciding one of the hottest frays that bias been witnessed here in many a day. The fine basket shooting of Ed Elliott kept Purdue in the race dur((/ontinued on page 3)
WAA WiU
Award Letters
Banquet Tomorrow Night At 6 WiU aose
All co-eds may attend the annual W. A. A. sports banquet to be held tomorrow evening at 6 o^ock ip ibe cafeteria of the Home Economics Building. This banquet marts the dose of the winter sports s<msoh; Among the awards to be imsuie are the class numeimis and the monograms. The winning dass b^ketbpU and volleyimil teams WiU p^sent stunts. Miss HelUn Hhzdtort will show some Slides of the W. A. A. cabin, foUowed by slides
Students Will Present Progmin At Banquet
Entries in the local A. I. E. E. contest must be submitted by Mar. 31, R. I. Kessel, vice chairman of the University branch announced. Essays must be non-technical in nature and written only by juniors and seniors in the E. E. school. A maximum length of 1,000 words has been set by the committee in charge and all manuscripts are to be typewritten double spaced on Form A paper. Judges Instructors in the electrical school will act as judges in the contest. Four juniors and four seniors will be chosen to read their papers before the A. I. E, E. meeting. At this time final sdection of the b^st two from each class will be, made. One year’s student membership in A. I. E. E., including the Electrical Engineering magazine and dues, will be the first prize in both junior and senior divisions/ The second prize for both sections will be one-half year’s membership into the society.
Prof. Robert Phillips, member of the government department of the University, will be honored at district banquet of the Lions club which Will be held at CrawfordsvUle tonight. Prof. Phillips, who was formerly the district governor of the state Lions clubs, will be accompanied to Crawfordsville by a group of Purdue entertainors who will be under the direction of Robert Klein, editor of the Alun&nuA A singing trio, composed of Misses Louise Lesley, Mary Peterson and Lois Goffing will render several musical selections, and Marion Pearheiley, tap-dandng star of “Carmita”, will entertain the diners with her number from the show in which she wore a top hat and a white tail coat. Mrs. Sonya Williams will give a musical interpretation of the number, “There Is A Tavern In The Town”. Mildred Rhodes, also active in the Student Union show, will be the accompanist. The program has been arranged with the cooperation of Bob Fuller, Student Union president.
tonight at 6:30. The general pro^am will open this morning with Dr. H. G. DeKay presiding. Ajn address of welcome will be made by Dean C. B. Jordan, with a response by H. W. Miller. R. C. Wilson, secretary of the Georgia Pharma-ceutical-Association, and G. Barrett Marxley, of Indianapolis, will be the main speakers on ' this morn-
ing’s program.
Haramy To Speak John J. Haramy, head of the history department of Indiana Central College, at Indianapolis, will
speak on “What Price Liberty”, at the noon luncheon. Scheduled for the afternoon program are talks by C. J. Zufall, on “Marihuana”, and Dr. J. H. Estey, head of the Ulniversity h i s 10 r y and economics department, on
“Economic Panaceas”. D. P. Belles will act as chairman at the afterdiscussion by several local
Orchesis Program TonigM At 8, ;
RECITAL BY PUPILS OF HARRY METZGER TODAY Pupils of Harry Irwin Metzger, University organist, will be heard in a recital this afternoon at 4;30 in Eliza Fowler Hall. Eight piano soloists; and three organ soloists will beyheard on the program. The. public is invited.
JUNIOR PROM TICKETS
All persons desiring to return Junior Prom tickets may do so at the cashiers’ office any day this week. The full quote of 600 has already been sold. Although tickets and programs , will not be distributed until after spring vacation, a list of thpss eligible to go to the Prom will be announced later this week.
Technique and composition of dance are to be demonstrated in the interpretive dancing of Orchesis, co-ed dancing organization, in program at 8 o’clock tonight in the Women’s Gsrmnasium. There will be no admission charge, and anyone interested in Orchesis may attend, The program will be under the direction of Miss Helen Ellis, of the women’s physical education department. Members of Orchesis are: Mildred Bauer, Marie Brewer, Ploy Crepps,. Catherine Cromer, Margaret Pantone, Ruth Hadley, Helen Howard, Mary Humphreys, Judith Jones, Margaret Josselyn, Regina Kelly, Sally McKee, Pay Pendergrass, Margaret Richey and Jean Small.
drug clubs on the new U. S. Pharmacopeia and the National Formu-
lary.'
The University Glee club, Under the direction of A. P. Stewart, '^U present a program following the dinner at which Dr. E. C. Elliott will preside. f ■'Dr. Haggard Tomorrow night Dr. Howard W. Haggard, professor of physiology at Yale and widely known author and speaker, will give an address open to the public in Eliza Fowler Hair at 8 o’clock on the subject “Medical Fads and Superstitions’^ Dr. Haggard wrote the widely publicized book ^'Devils, Dru^ and Doctors”. He is also a frequent speaker over the radio. He is being brought to the, campus by the «£- tension department of the schCoI cf pharmacy primarily to address the sixth annual Druggists’ Business Conference and the meeting of the representatives of the state boards of pharmacy and the colleges of pharmacy of this district. Because of his standing in the medical field and the interest in his coming here the meeting was arranged at Eliza Fowler Hall for the general public.
s
Tour Sunday Students To Visit Six Industrial Plants
To assist sophomore and freshman chemical engineering students in selection of their options, a group of 73 students are making trip to Chicago during spring vacation for a two-day inspection tour of several industrial plants tmder the direction of members of the faculty of the chemical school. Accompanied by Dr. Hoelscher, Professor Lovell ,and Messrs. Mack and Miller, the ^oup will l^ve by bus at 10 o’clock Sunday morning. The engineers will visit ; the Corn feoducts Refining Co«> Sherwin Williams Paint Co., and Carnegie Illinois Steel Co. on Monday. Tues day’s tomr includes Standard Oil Go., Lever Brothers Soapi Go., and the International Lead Smelters; Following the Tuesday’s inspection the men 11011 leave for their homes or return to Lafayette.
Porto Rico presented by MSsjs Marian Russell who recently taught
tiiere^' .
The newly elected W. A. A. officers will be installed; also, the neiw; coimcil, cqnsieting of: Louahnh Thompson, manager of field hockey; Irene Boehm, archery managFraUces Rieth, deck tennis managerj Janette Schaeffier, basketball; Margaret Itichey; riflery; Autumn Thatcher, volleyball; Mary Alice Pflughaupt, fencing; Marteutet Walker, tumbling; Regina Kelly, baseball; Mildred Fitclb golf; Baf^ bara Dobson, Mkmg; and Elb^bdth Maier, shuffleboard and ping-pong. Separate tables will be arranged for each class and will be decorated in the respective class Colors. Tickets may be obtained from members of the W. A. A. council or at the Women’s Gym for forty cente. All girls expecting to attend must sign up on the bulletin hoard in the Women’s Gynmasium, Members of the social committee are: Ionise Burkle, who will act as toastmisteess, Betey Aiteold, Mary Humphreys, Emily Tuli^, and Minnie A. Yenemann.
Detracted Emgmeer Tries To Teach Trig To Sweet Young Thing
“Yes,
Women’s Club Elects Officers
^eUDripers To Meet Here
the'
ANNOUNCES INITIATION
Alpha of Sigma Phi Epsilon announces the initiation of O. L. Smith, Gary: G. W. Roper, South Bend; A. F. Selke, Lafayette; R. P. Hooker, Evansville; W; A. Bates, Gary;:H. W. Forbes, Chicago, 111.; T. B. Glazebrook, Teft; G. H/ Selke, Lafayette; J. il. Banker, South Bend.
yes, go on”, purred
bright eyed coed to the flushed, distracted engineer beside her. No— nothing more was she encouraging than a more prolonged recital of statements that ordinate over distance equals the sine of angle A, The engineer was tired and rather discouraged. Who said women could understand math. For some strange reason—-probably from the depths of the kindness of his heart-i-he had contracted to help this dumb, this slow, this uncomprehending girl with her trig, since she had a
test on the morrow.
“Well, do you understand that?” he exclaimed. “If you do, let’s go on to the derivation of these formulas. Now the sine of x plus y is...” and he was off again. The girl settled back.\She would toy to tmdCrstand. Math was so stiff, though. She wondered if she could get that pair of patent leather sandals! ,
Phone Bings
The .phone rang. The co-ed was called to answer, and left with sweet apologies. “Oh, I can’t, I’m studsdng trip . . . Honestly ?’V The poor student-tutor ^oaned. This was just the second long interruption, He realized fully what the expression “sweet young thing” meant/ He closed his eyes, “Don’t you think math is the hardest stuff ?” moaned the some-
what wan girl hours later. The
engineer dripped perspiration, had been a warm spring afternoon, jUst the kind of day for being outdoors. And this darned girl! He was late for supper, too. He rose. “You’ll probably get along as well as usual on tbe test. I've got to go.” The girl graciously ushered him Out. “and thank you so much! It’s helped!”' The weary engineer left. The girl picked up her trig book to Study. This was a scene of college life.
Mrs. G. Stanley Meikle, president, and Mrs. R. B. Hull, recording secretary, are the new Officers for the Purdue Women’s club for next year. They were elected at a busings meeting held Monday afternoon in the Memorial Union Mrs. Meikle will succeed Mrs. Howard E. Enders as president, and Mrs. Hull will succeed Mrs. Edwin Ji Kohl, as secretary. Mrs. Hull, who is chairman of the club’s annual dinner-dance, ahnoimi^d that the dance will ite held April 27 in the newly enlarged ballroom of the Memorial Union.
Nearly 60 well drillers will attend the annual meeting of the Indiana Well Drillers* Association which will he held here Friday. The day’s program will be devoted te a discussion of problems and dbvelopments in the well drilling industry. llus ateociation was organized at the University five years ago, and meetings have been held in tedteor apolis and here on alternate years since that time.
PENALTY BATES
Boy Scout Honorary To Hear Address By Prof, L. M. Sears
Hinrichs Proud Father— But Not Of Quintuplets
Prof. L. M. Sears, of the history department, will address an open meeting of Alpha Phi Omega honorary Boy Scout orgamzation, tonight at 7:30. The PtegJ^am will he held in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building.
PUBLICATION SCHEDULE
The last edition of the Exponent for the current month will published Friday morn-^ ing. The regular publication schedule irill be resinned on Tuesday, April 7.
Persons aroimd the ag school have been trjnng to decide whether Professor Hinricihs, of the farni management department, is an optimist or a pessimist. Here’s the story, Professor Hinrichs went to the show last week and saw the country doctor bring the Dionne quintuplets into the world. Yester^ day morning at four o’clock he rushed his wife to the Home Hospital. At four-thirty bet rushed back to Ag Hall,^ secured an adding machine and reWned to the hospital. At five o’clock he was proud father, hut he had no use for the adding teachine---there j only one. l
During the pp^ent semester there are two penalty dates/ They are: From noon May<»h 27 to noon March 28 and aU day 6. , / Penalty Rules: “Any stud^fe who is absent from a regdter meeting of a class durffig: twenty-four hours (not including Saturday afte^on mte Sunday) imin^ately preceding or teltowing an ate^ holiday or recess slmll pay to the casMer an extlte $5.00 for each twenty’ifour hour perted te ibtection^^t^^ ;fnissed.**: _PenaIties he payalie within twente di^ the close of the holiday or r«K ctes. Delinquency in payment will result in exclusion from the University. M. L. FISHER» Dean of Mem
,MemW AitioiaM C^egiate Press ooiaBaAiB wm^T
MWMr «t N&iiwad G^««e Ps«bs A)ese«isSi<»», Bis Tul Bdite^ Anw^tatkm V a»dBri«el7 Kcs»t«e8!i««S br Scrttee, la*.
^ ere ato^wa Awat*, W»w T*»li
XaMMd M aweoad ataae matter at post offiee^ Lala^ett*, Budiaaa. D^^ored br ,IWmr«!rJ80WI«rfis»l*i*w.» ““t*-
SMO!, Btr rear! d^verad br earlier.
Btaiaen
UAQI OFncI&-Sie Iforth |Wtb Sbeet
KUtprUd Pluni* Mil
l$s% SttBdiesit Ptdblieatlon of Pordoe UnivtarSlI^
■diter-i»<%iafi>. Msaasiag IS^I^e— Asmeiai* KUtora^ Sperti Bditor. Aewteteta SiputM' Septoaore AmSetaaitB-
BoMaadBladt
SE»m»8IAL ffTAFV
Y. Bensw
impodu
V Jr..
Busuoras STAFF
Advertising Manasw—
-H. P. Antonini .. . . T.. H. nrmm, R. Creek, D. C. MUlrar
draalatlon Masaasear
- , - X Httlsa
J. G. Girard, G. B, Shields
WOMEBPS STAFF , , JoTce Wniiams
Assoetete Edltom
JBelen Creedi. Edna Hutson. Ellen Mann . -toflephlne Perkins
Sophomoro Assistants-
- — _ „ JTean Brown, Jean Janousek, Marjorie Louis, Dons Ellra McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke, Esther Turley
Wednesday, March 26, 1936.
Issue Editor—C. L. Sailer.
ludiaiia Social Legislation Last week, Indiana’s legislators put the finishing touches on the state’s social security bill, adjourned the special session, and went home while the governor si^ed the bill and made it law. At approximately the same time that the act was put on the books of Indiana, a New York judge, in reading a judgment on that state’s new unemplojnment bill, said; “A comp^sory contribution to be paid by one employer into a general pool from which funds are withdrawn to provide insurance benefits for employees of another employer is a violation of the due process clause” .. . and therefore the act is prohounced to be void. Our own state legislation, composed according to Washington standards, contains three distinct bills, all designed to aim at long-time social security, and all so complicated that the layman cannot derive any enlightenment from a simple reading. Pensions to the socially dependant are provided for in the first of the bills; payments to the unemployed, with funds contributed by the employer and employee, constitute the second of the three acts; and the last is designed to increase tiie operations of the state board of health. The cost of operating the new welfare program generally will be borne by the federal government, the state, and the counties in the ratio of 5, 3, and 2. Collections for the state unemployment pool to which both employers and employees will contribute will be carried out on a graduated scale. Employers will be required to pay 1.2 per cent of their total payrolls in 1936, and the payments will increase on a graduated scale until a maximum of 3.7 per cent may be reached after 1939. Pajments by employees will begin next year, but no relief payments will be made until after April 1, 1938, If at any time the pooled resources reach an amount equal to or greater than 10,2 per cent of the annual payrolls, all payments will cease. The enforcement and ultimate success of the social legislation, federal as well as state, will inevitably be beset by many involved difficulties that will arise when the public becomes more conscious of the wide scope and effect of the legislation. Difficulties have already arisen, and if the acts are declared unconstitutional after a review by the court, many more difficulties will find their way to public attention. Investors have been warned to observe three basic rules to “cash in on Roosevelt”. They are: invest in industries which have a small proportional outlay in “labor costs” such as the utilities, refining industry, etc.; invest in companies employing a large proportion of labor-saving machinery. Evidently, in the light of these recommendations, capital is placing emphasis on the additional industrial tax, but the assessment of from 1 to 3.7 per cent of payrolls on a graduated scale hardly seems to warrant such serious consideration. For a long time, the large and wealthier compames have set up and carried out their own compensation payments, but now the government is making a nation-wide attempt to force industry to bear its owh burden of increased efficiency and restricted output during depression periods. Bitter debate preceded the passing of the security legislation at Indianapolis last week and one Senator arose to compare the New Deal’s movements to an “octopus which is reaching into every street and lane in the nation”. Another: “It is un-American, un-Constitutional, and impractical”. Quotations such as the above may prove effective in political rallies, but for the layman who seriously looks forward to an improved business and social world, they are senseless. The depression has left the people of this country with a realization that cures must be found for alleviating the grief durmg slumps in the business cyclies. Unemplo^ent insurance is a non-inflationary, cheap, and all-inclusive means of safeguarding those who do not have the foresight to protect themselves. If the legislation passes the courts and meets with any degree of success in the distant future, we will have taken another step toward real social security.
The Red Cross With thousands of flood refugees seeking aid, the Bed Cross again steps into the picture to take care of the homeless sufferers and provide new starts in life for them. In order that this work may be as complete as possible, the organization has appealed to the n,ation for funds to continue its work. In some localities the quotas are rapidly being attained, but in others, the funds are growing very slowly. The Red Cross has shown its true worth in so many past emergencies that the value of its efforts cannot be questioned. Not only has this great organization given temporary relief to victims of all of the great catastrophies, but in many instances it has gone even further and supplied the means for the continuance of occupations. Stenographers have been given typewriters, pianos have been supplied to music teachers, and many others have been relieved of their worries through the invaluable aid given by the Red Cross. Thus it is without shame that this worthy organization once more appeals to the American people for financial aid in a crisis. And it is with thankfulness for their ability to contribute that people should answer this call. If they bear in mind that perhaps some day the Red Cross will aid them when things seem hopeless, it might be that many cities, such as Lafayette, could more easily fill their quotas.—W, T. H.
, a. % Cssapl
A. M. O. M. SaStdln, W. T. Hont. B. H. Mosris. H. 6. Waither JW. B. Hays ». r. Mull. B. H. Wal!>«l*, U 0. Wood
X A. BaynetUb J. B. Bsock. A. H. Bossste?, P. li^on, 0. li. Sadto, a. C. Soliei^ J.von Hays
W. a. Abbott
IpTQbaUieVe^ther resort: 7:00 nj.—yoii Won’t W np. 8:00 a* in^now. 9:00 a. m.—sunehine. 10:00 a. in<r-Kdoudy. 11:00 itt«—rain. 12:00 a. m.—hmch. 1:00 p, m.—yon’d l^etter atay at hoine! Jean Adkins: “I didn’t ask q^oni Sheets to Gold Peppera ... he asked tue, and hesidesi I’m going to Prom with Baur, lucky fellow!” Speaking of Prom—^the rumors
are;
1. Benny Goodman. 2. Glen Grey. 3. Ina Bae Hutton (the sophomores couldn’t get her). 4. Tom Dorsey. Jack and Jill went up the hill; Something to eat for to get. Jack fell on his safety razor— Gillette —IllinL Aloan because I love you? NO! I’ve six per cent interest . . . —Hugh! Someone has remarked that the difference between the Theta house mother and Major Bowes is that the Major rings the gong to stop amateurs. A short note from Flip Posburg revealed the fact that he has turned author. His initial publication— “First Lessons in Nature” is dedicated thusly: This book IS dedicated to W. E. Pierce whose sympathetic guidance and thorough knowledge of the subject have been invaluable to the author. “Rastus, Ah heahs you’all got a bear what’s cross-eyed. What does you call him?” Rastus: “Ah calls him Gladly, after that bear in the hymns.” “What bear is that?” Rastus: “You know. Gladly, My Cross-Eyed Bear.” UNIYERSITY CALENDAR Today Ag Staff, Methods of Teaching, Union faculty lounge, 7:30 p. m. Druggists’ Business Conference, Union ballroom, all day, dinner meeting 6 30 p. m. Entomology Meeting, Union faculty lounge, 7 30 p. m. Eta Kappa Nu Informal Imtiafcion, E. E. Building, reading room, 7.30 to 9'80 p. m. Orchesis Guest Night, Women’s Gym, 8 to 9-30 p. m. S P. E E. Meeting, Michael Golden Shops, room 101, 7 to 9 p. m. Tomorrow A Ch. S. Meeting, Chemistry Building, room 106, 7 p. m. Diesel Engines Conference, E. E. and M. E. Buildings, Prof. Knapp. Industrial Education Society Meeting, Michael Golden Shops, 7 to 8 p. m. Druggists’ Conference Union ballroom, all day. Pharmacy Extension Department Address by Dr. H. W. Haggard, Eliza Fowler Hall, 7 to 10 p. m. W. A. A. Winter Sports Banquet, Home Economics Building, Cafe, 6
p. m.
Friday Agronomy Seminar, Ag. Building, room 201, 4 p. m., “New Developments in Soil”, H. H. Ulrich. Alpha Kappa Lambda Radio Dance, Chapter House, 9 to 12. Diesel Engines Conference, E. E. and M. E. Buildings, Prof. Knapp. Druggists’ Conference Union faculty lounge, 9 a. m. Indiana Well Drillers’ Meeting, Union rooms 1 and 2, 9:80 a. m.; Luncheon, Union reception room, 12 noon. Phi Kappa Tau Formal Dance, Chapter House, 9:80 to 12:30, Sigma Alpha Epsilon DinnerDance, Chapter House, 9 to 1. Style Show Dance, UnioB ballroom, 9 to 12. Saturday Spring Vacation Begins at 12 noon. American Literary Society Din-ner-Bridge, Union peasant room and faculty lounge, 6:30 p. m. Kappa Kappa (iamma Banquet, Union, 6:80 p. m. Michigan State Alumni Dinner, Union, 6:30 p. m.
17. D. Wool. ^ Intramtiral Field, that 22 ftctes Whitih lii§ii west of Street, wifi soon Iw tke focus of the iptra|li}ur|l ^epartapept progrgip at bajsehall get|( under way. The ten diamonds which are laid out wifhin ii^ confl0et will see much adartW wkf d uhd fraterniW teaihs commence thefr play. However, baiehall is hot 1|he only sport which uses the facilities of the field. In addition to the ten diajmonds for intrarottral baseball, there is an archery range, consisting of three targets, which is located at the south end of the field. At present, teams are still competing in the fratemi^ Gold and Black tournament. In the fall the touchball teams and the school football teams take over, ample space being provided for these sports. Varsity Baseball DIanumd This spring the varsity home baseball games will he played on a special diamond which has been laid out at the north end of the field. Flans had been made to have the new diamond just east of the stadium in readiness for the coming season, but it was found impossible to complete the new field in time for the spring season. Immediately back of the backstop on the varsity diamond there has been laid out a putting green. This space has been provided to afford practice facilities for all student and faculty golfers. On Tuesdays, weather permitting, the tramping feet of the Corps march over the grass during the outdoor reviews. The field is also the scene of the annual national inspection, which IS held the latter part of the second semester. Surveyors This year, for the first time, the cml engineering school’s surveying department is using the field for its work. The stakes set by the embryonic surveyors have proved a definite hazard to lawnmowmg operations on the field. At the south end of the field there have been provided tables and benches and an outdoor oven for the convenience of those who wish to commune with nature, and at the same time, eat hot food which contains a minimum amount of sand and ants.
»“ “(jtr ^ ^ s& 'Ag , iM(oh4a|f will speak oh '^Odd Types Cf Agrichliwe in.Rurope*^ befort thb rtfftfiah monihly hmch^n of the tlhi^ vertity staff l^fonday. ""lueludSd en the eptm:tainment rtogrhm will be a ^en’s quartet. 3? A. Apdereph iS jfn change of the ayrahteniphtg, an4 will be assisteAhy Miss Gail Redfield, T. H. Binpey 0nd J._ It. F:^ost. ^[" i y",|" Sex Of SdliimmtpiBrB tllwM0ed By 0petaB^n Buffale, N. Y.—(ACF)—An operation results in ^’swiiehing’? the Sex of saiauian^ert h^s been successfully performed tinder the microscope by Dr. Bufus B. Humphrey* of the University 6f Buffalo School of Medicine. Very fine needles and small scissors are used in the micro-operations, performed when the salamanders are in the embryo stage. None of the “transformed” salamanders have reproduced, Dr. Humphrey says, although he attributes this failure to improper conditions in the laboratory. Similar sex reversals could not be performed in man, “obviously”, Dr. Humphrey says, because of the more complicated structure of human beings. Discussion Group Will Meet In Union Toniglit The discussion group under the direction of Dorothy Kuehn will meet tonight at 7:30 in the Union. The subject will be “Pacificism vs. Militarism.” On account of numerous conflicting meetings on Thursday the weekly meetings will be regularly held on Wednesday.
ANNOUNCES INITIATION Tau Lambda chapter of Tau Epsilon Phi announces the initiation of Benjamin Katz, Gary; Eugene Levinson, Gary; Leo Margolian, Boston, Mass, and Harold Zweig, Gary.
Senn College Seniors Spurn YMCA Diplomm Cleveland, Ohio — (AGP) — Unless school authorities remove mention of the Young Men’s Christian Association from Senn College diplomas, no senior will pay the ten dollars graduation fee this year, class spokesmen warned last week. Because Senn is incorporated with the Y M C. A., said President C. V. Thomas, it would be illegal to have the words removed. Separate incorporation of Senn College, independent of the Y. ' C. A., was suggested as the only
solution.
A voice in the wording of their diplomas was also demanded 1 the seniors. Best Seller Reviewed At YWCA Meetiug “North to the Orient”, Anne Morrow Lindbergh’s best seller, was reviewed by Mrs. G. C. Brandenburg yesterday afternoon at the Y. W. C. A. open meeting m the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Mildred Mills, new vice president, was in charge of the program, while Martha Wood, a member of the program committee, introduced the speaker. ANNOUNCES ELECTION Cht Omega announces the election of Marjorie Marqms, president; Mary Tangerman, vice president; Ruth Anspgch, secretary, and Martha Walker, treasurer. ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Lambda Chi Alpha announces the pledging of J. T. Campbell, of Paducah, Ky.
Hrink Milk for More Energy
Cai JOHNSON Phone 41S32
Olivod New Kay Perm $3 60 Princess Shelton $3.00 Tnlip Oil Compound $6 60 Special Shelton $1 76 all at M©d«iL€ed Rates "Mimette Reality Slt®|9 327 State
White Sfydios Easter 0^^ir One 11x14 SIIiVEETONE BEAUTIFULLY FINISHED ^ Proofs S 4^ ala Shown JL Moke Your Appointment Now 606 Main St. Ph. 7407
500 Mile Gyaranteed "Speed-iCing" Reiier Skates Specially Priced
XP OLYMPIC GAMES a ^ BERLIN C:7ermgny Olympic Year is the World's Fertive Yepr in Gorfuany. The Xith Olympic Gomes Ore centered in a grond progromme of exciting attroctlons: The Bayreuih Wognei: Festival [PIdys, the Munich Opero Festivals, International Art Exhibitions, brilliant theotricois. In additions Scenic grandeur, famous health resorts, romantic castles, picturesque folk festivals, medieval towns, cosmopolitan cities. Modern travel Comfort and the traditional hospltollfy of the land of Wanderlust and Gemutlichkelt. Railroad fares raduced 60%,Travel Marks at low rates. Write for booklet C-1. RJliLtOAPS offici 665 fifth Av«. at 53d^ St., New York
ARC LAST TIMES TODAY “Tlie Rainmakers” starrms WHEELEB and WOOLSBY also NOAH BEEBY, JB “Stormy” und “MAKCH OP THE PKESIDENra”
LAST TIMES TODAY
Tomofitiw - Fnday - Saturday KUTH CHATTEBTON in “A Lady of Secrets”
LAST TIMES TODAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
EDW. BVBBETT HOBTON In “Your Uncle Dudley*’ and
WENDY Bi In ‘Mlllloiis in the Air”
Tomorrow - Friday - Sataidtay ZANE OKHY^ “Drift Fence”
Milk is your best food— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
OHNSON*S DAIRyAnnual BaUquet Will
I m\ ISi, l§f*
''if '~'‘
llpipig
Feature Picturled
'Ic'
^liillif
MenWiUOnllme ^ !.y^ j,, i»lans fOir the forthcoming fresh*' man, track season tfill be outlined at a, meeting of all yearliiig candi-
The annual Friday evening, to be fonowe4 by round table discussions for both coaches and officials and a special showing of motion pictures of odt* standing collegiate games of last fall, will provide one of the fe^tiipr^ of the fifi^ nnnual Purdue Fpptuil oiinlp that he ' hm on PHday and Satnr4ay,
s and 4,.
With Mark Wakefield, of Central high school, Evansville, president of the Indiana Coaches' Association, acting as toastmaster, the principal speakers at the annual banqiuet will include President E, C. l^lliott, who will officially welcome the visitors to the Universityj Lynn Waldorf, head coach at Northwestern; A. L. Trester, commissioner of the I. H. S. A. A., and Elmer Laydon, head coach and athletic direc-
tor at Notre Dame. Motion Pictures
Iipmediately following the ban? quot, Layden and Waldorf will alternate with Noble E. Kizer in alternating as “sound tracks" for movies depi^ing outstanding games played by the Irish, Wildcats and Boilermakers on the gridiron last fall, As the pictures are shown, the collegiate mentors will analyze the various important plays,. pointing out strong^ an^ weakness The visiting coaches and grid officials will be split into two groups, for the lattCr pari of Pri-
o'clock, according to a call
last night by Freshman Homer Allen. . .
issued
all candidates, as he plans to issue preliminary instruction's r^arding plans for the outdoor practice sea'
spring vacation.
Allen, p^ns to schedule a; number pf telegraphic meets ^thjfcte year-
ANNOUNCES INITIATION Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity announces the initiation of B. L. Bostwick, Lafayette; E. E. Bradley, Whitehouse, Ohio j B. 0. Evans, Indianapolis; J« W. Greenis, East Chi cago, and E. E. Eohn, St. Louis, Mo;
mgicidt Shots Of M Descriptions Shoum in Bourns Exhibition
Officiatii
day evening’s program. The coaches will congregate for a round table discussion arranged by “Chuck” Bennett, of LaPorte high School, while officials will have their own round, table arranged by the Indiana Football Officials' Associatiom The activities at the two-day clinic, which will find leaders in both the collegiate and professional field combining with outstanding high schebi mentOTS in Conducting 'the ;]riogram addresses attdf demonstrations, will be launched P^iday morning, April 3, and continue through Saturday afternoon, April 4.'- ' ^'
Ladies’ All Leather Cases, all sizes, black and brown 95 to $12.60 Ladies’ All Leather Gladstone,, black and brown $10.00 to $12,50 Men’s All Leather Zipper Bags, black and brown .........................................;$3.98 to $10.00 Men’s All-Leather Gladstone Cases, black and , brown ...................................................$8.96 to $19,96 Men’s White and Fancy Dress: Shirts, assorted sleeve lengths ...........................,........................$1.00 to $1.96 Men’s Athletic Shirts and ShQrts...i....,..—......................19c up Men’s Guaranteed Tybest Ties.,..........,.....,.......—...66c to $1.00 Men’C Fancy Cotton and Silk Socks....,.....................26c to 60C Men’s Kid Gloves.. ,....;...........$i.25 up
By Herb Helstrom. With the billiard room of the Union jammed with students, Charlie Peterson, expert billiard player, demonstrated just exactly how several difficult shots should made. His exhibition started at 4 e^dOck ahd lasted m hour. In the course of his exhibition, Charlie gave his version pf several of the vorld’^s most fampus shots. He showed Eugene Carter’s reverse shots, Lloyd Jebney’s “drop shot", Cochran’s masse’ shots, swing shots and cushion carom shots^ Wenever he missed a shot, he’d say that if he didn’t make it the next time, he’d close the exhibition ... he then made the shot. Movie Shot Someone asked him to duplicate Guy Kibbee’s movie shot. Charlie said that that was a difficult task, having the balls grouped in the cen-^ ter of the table and making the billiard in one of the far comers, but after several trials, he made the shot, remarking as he did so, ‘Thfe difference between Kibbee and me is that hC makes ’em the first
time.”
Gnejctf^e mpst intereriing shots he made vma a fifteen cusbiri^ Ipl Hard. Each of the three balls made firi" rislupns, shot was inade l)y balancing one imU on top of another and theh by ^1^ ing Out tiie lower ball; the cue ball made three cushions and caui^ Hack to score a perfect billiard. The shot that seemed to give him thO most trouble was the masse’; “tango” in which the three balls are ail in one corner, and by a masse’, the problem is to make four cushions and a billiard;
Borrows Hat
Towards the conclusion of his show, Charlie; borrowed a hat from one of the students and showed how to make the cue ball go round the hat, make three cushions and a billiard. He jumped the ball into the hat which; vraa held a foot over the table, he sbowed force dravsr shpts; set a paper tunnel on the table and made a billiard, causing his cue ball to go through the tunnel. In conclusion, Charlie set a sil ver dollar upright between two chalk 'blocks, hit the coin with his cue ,and came wrihiii a; half an inch of making tike dollar roll right back between the chalks. His finale was a-'group of difficult four ball shots; in which he used two white balls, a red and a yellow ball. After several timed shots, in which he first hit one ball and then aUQther, Charlie called it a day,
DRESSES SUITS AND COATS
& PRESSiO ' For Spring Vacation
If you can't have a lot Qf new things for Spring Vacation, don't feel bad about it. Pi<^ out the dresses that used to be your favorites and send them to us to be Cleaned and pressed.. We will make them look and feel like ■ newi
Start your vacation without any cleaning worries.
Oi
IMl Officials’Board Because of the demand for trained officials for woman’s basketball games, the department of physical education for women at the University is offering special training! in the field wider the direction of Miss Veronica Brady. , About fifteen women are expected to take a written test this week and an examination in practical officiating will be given later at an actual game. Those who successfully pass both tests will become members of the newly organized local board of women officials.
Charter
A local board must have been active for a year before a charter can be granted from the national board of women officials, which will give the members recognitian_any place in the United States. It will he nec^^ essary to give a second examination next j/ear; Present officers of '^e local board are: Begina Kelly, jimior, chairman; Jeanette Shaeffer, freshman, vice chairman; Pauline Swick, secretary, and Georgia Halstead, junior, treasurer. No Good Officials The work here is being given at the request of a number of schools which have found it impossible to obtain gotri officials^ srinnen’s basketi^dl garies. As ;a iresidt^ many ' cases it has been necessary to Use men offidals Who vrere com'
paratively ufiacquainted with the women’s rulesExtensive training has been gjhren in the physical idqcatioit department for women here for severid weeks in the work. The majority of those whp will take the erikmination have had previous experience
slhoM “
FaU FodtbaU
Another strenuous eight-game schedule that includes five Big Ten encounters, two outstanding intersectional engagements and an er with Ohio University, one of the country’s few undefeated major elevens of last season, will face Purdue's football squad this faU, according to the complete schedule announced yesterday by Director of
Athletics Noble E. Kizer.
With the single exception of the Ohio. Bobcats, who opened their season last year by upsetting IlUnois and then swept through the r^ mainder of their schedule undefeait^ ed, the Boilermakers will face exactly the same foes that they met last season when they finished third in the Big Ten race. The Ohio U eleven which is no stranger on Pur-
(Continued on page 4)
Intramura!
that til© istSkrif wi juiwrxcsi&o^iuioj^ iv- | Tk^ tmual plan wM be feUowed M'. ' regard to Tiw Ifi mr the finals. All o^ers ph^nght a win be awards to the winnera the ebampionsbip division wMe a team trophy will go to the wittsens of the lower braeket. All games will be played on Intramural Field west of KusseS St. Fifty participation points wiB be given to each entry, and points wiB be deducted for foif^eits.' For further particulars, see intramural department officials.
f
Enters First Round Yesterday evening at 7 o’clock the co-ed fencing tourney, which is being sponsored by Silver Mask, honorary fencing fraternity, began in the Women’s Gym. The matches were refereed by members-of Silver Mask. The tournament will continue for about a week.
SPECIAL CO-ED NOTICE
.-r';: EyWr(nie.:<!an:'be :bf.aow;;Wei;:ii^e'iaked^'-to''onr “a'* |o“£ W expeiriencea meimtbra to doi roar wpilt. : We still maiiitaliii out
special offer to co-eds jtVeW^ns^aW
K J ^ N ty B E Air t r ST If D IB
622 Main
West Side Cleaiiers
Phone 4781
222 NorOi St.
ToUe^ail Contest!^ Five Big Ten, TwB* tersectional Foes On| Card For 1^6 . E^ppa Si^a, Delta Chi and Lambda Chi Alpha Advanced one round in the sifigle elimindtioh volleyball tpuimamentpla;^^ held last night in the Memorial Gymnasium, Ba?pa, Sigma downed the team of Delta Upsilon 21 to 13 in the first game of the series. Delta Chi was an easy victor over Theta Chi, win mng by the riqre of 21 to 7, The Si^a Alpha FSpsilbn sextet lost to Lambda Chi Alpha by the sebre of Game Ptffitponed The teams (ff Phi Theta ahd Pi Phi Pi were also scheduled to play last night, but the game was postponed and ’(vih prphably be played tonight, although nothing definite has been annpnnced. Tiie finals wiU be ri^ spnie time this Week; perhaps following the Pin Delta Tbeta^ |»1H Pi eh counter. The vHnner wUl receive a handsome trophy and in addition participation points will be awarded. The completion of this tPumey and the class “B” basketball tohri nament, scheduled to be finished soine time this week; will mark the end of the indoor intcamnral season. ■' •
A 220rpound Montana State footballei? lost 19 pounds in tea da^ when the boach decided he was overweight for spring practice.
These days of seihi-fipjrmg weather have brought about a feeHng o£ new interests <Hi the campus. Sjtting ^infito the charsUiteristic of turhingthe studenFsm^ to thpiiglits of foriuad dBpee^^^ outdoor sporty newciodiesjw^-endtrips.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ AU this mean^ new Imsi^^ and especially for these merchants who help
I
rTYPBWEITERS ADDING MACHINES—Bor sale, rent, repaired and bought. Muliigraph and mimeograph worh done. C. F. Ebenhoff, 605 Main St. Phone 8710.
Chamberlin’s Special For This Week-—Butterscotch and Vanilla; Order It—^It’s Delicious. -
(3boice of some used golf clubs and feases-Heach 60c. Moose’s Colonial Market, 220 N. 5tli.
Alpha Zeta—Meeting: tonight at 7 in room 1 of Union. T. R. Johnston to speak, —GARDNER.
Discnssion Group:—Meetings regularly _ on Wednesday inst^d of Thursday. Subject tonight, “Pacifism vs. Militarism”. —KUEHN.
Union Workers—Members of our committed report in the sub-basement at 4. —PUGH, QUIGGLE, SCHOUER.
Union Workers—Members of our committees report to Walt Scholer at 4 in the sub-basement. / ^ —OHAVER. CUARK.
W. S. G. A. Executive Board—Meeting at 7:16 tonight in W. S. G. A, office. —HALL,
May Day Tryouts—Final tryouts for May Day at 7 tomorrow night in Women’s Gym. Wear gym shoes. —BOLLER.
W. A. A. Basketball—^Following games are scheduled for today, at 4:30: freshmen ys. Bophomozes, juniors vs. seniors. . —CHARLES.
Gold Peppers—Actives meet at Kappa houd tonight at 8. Pledges come at 8:30. —HUTCHINSON.
W. A- A. Council—^Meeting at 6 today. -r-HUMPHREYS
Chi Epsilon-r-Meeting tonight at 6:46 in tower room of: Union. , —Harris
Y. W. C. A.—New cabinet members will not be announced until after spring vacation. —Gobble.
Flying Club—Meeting at 7:30 tonight in Union. --ASIRE.
By Associated Gollegialte Press
Requests by real estate ppetatprs for Columbia athletes to take the place of striking workers were reiused by university authorities.
A new form Of yitaxhinyD has been developed at tfee Dni^ of Illinois medical school.
Three alligators, seven white mice, three turtles and several cats and dogs Were taken alive in a spectacular “forbidden pet hunt” held recently by Columbia dormitory authorities.
Cornell University: has received a $16,000 Rockefeller Foundation g^ant for drama training.
Notre Dame has instituted a twoyear course in Graduate Apologetics.
' ' A* i Vr U a Alpha National r To Speak Here Wilson B. Heller, traveling sectetary of Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity and Hollywood nioving picture publicist, will be the dinner guest of the University chapter at the chapter house tonight. Following dinner he will speak on the problems and conditions of national fraternities. One of the Wampas presh agmh^i^ annually select flip hiost beaun tiful and talented Hollywood Baby Stars, Heller has directed the careers of many of the screen’s most famous players. In addition tp hih publicity work, he finds time: to visit the eighty-pdd Chapters of W? fraternity biennially. A noted authority on fraternity Affairs, he has spoken before many of the largest alumni groups of his and other fraternities. After visiting the local chapter, Heller will go to Northwestern and Wisconsin.
Because Mississippi’s Governor White has secured virtual control of the six state colleges Mississippi State may lose membership in the Southern Association of Colleges.
A “permanent” chapter of the American Liberty League has been organized at Washington University, St. Louis.
An ancient Persian tapestry, valued at $12,000, has been, given to St. Olaf’s College, Nbrthfleld, Minn.
Nine New York Catholic colleges are conducting a series of symposia on the problems of collegiate communism and atheism.
Women’s Pan—^Meeting in the women’s lounge of Union at 4 today. . —HOEFER.
Tan Beta Pi-r-Meetirig scheduled for tomorrow postponed. - —BURNHAM.
Phi Lambda Upsilon—^Business meeting tonight in peasant room of Union at 7 ;30. —CARR.
Scabbard and Blade Initiation Committee —Chambers, Hunter, Lee, Nellis, Wait and Wergin meet in Union at 7:30 tonight. —KANY.
Alpha Phi Omega—Open meeting tonight at 7:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of Union. —SACHS.
Co-ed yoHeyball—Army va. Nayy today at
A 26-year study of the black Widow spider has been completed by University of California entomologists.
Columbia’s famed Seth Lpw College will be discontinued when the last of the classes how enrolled graduates in 1938.
Alleging that the fraternity didn’t buy the number of pins it contracted for, a jewelry company is suing Sigma Alpha Mu for $11,000.
Dean Mattkews To TaHk In Indianapolis Today
“Whither Education” will he the subject of the speech to be given today by Dean Mary L. Matthews, head of the school of home economics, at a luncheon meeting of the Women’s Department club in their club house in Indianapolis. All members of the general club will be guests, The American home department of the club is in charge of the luncheon and program.
EDUCATION BY PEOXY BRINGS :HIGH GRADES
Greenville, Tex.—(AGP)—^Laura Crawfords, Wesley Junior College co-ed, had to go to bed, because the doctor ordered it; but that didn’t prevent her from attending classes. She did it by proxy, sending her mother daily to pick up assignments, at the same time turning in previously-assigned work; The system brings high grades, Miss Crawford reports.
Yale, Princetori, Harvard, Dart mouth, McGill, Toronto, Queen’s University and the URiyersity of Montreal have formed an interna-
tional hockey lea^e.
You put away your winter garments send them to CROWN to be cleaned, pressed and moth-proofed. We use Monite Moth -proofing process...guaranteed for six months, or until cleaned again...No extra charge for moth-proofing.
FI N E CL E A HERS
OF FINE CLOTHE S
BOILERMAKER-.: v ■. : , (Contmued from page 1) ihg the first half, while Kessler was second half hero of the overtime. Shaver played an outstanding game at guard. Lester Stout, with 15 poiDts, was the Crimson ace. :■
Summary: PURDUE (38) Gottorn, f. .. Kessler, f. . Wheeler, c. Elliott, c. Shaver, g. .... Lamber, g.... Boots, g,
PG FT PP
Totals
.......16
6 10
INDIANA (34)
FG FT PF
Stout, f. ...................
..........6
3 3
Bauer, g. .................
........2
2 0
Scott, c
..........1
1 0
Hoffar, c.
........ .0
0 0
Weir, f.
..........3
2 2
Walker, g. ...............
1
0 3
Totals
„......t3
8 9
Referee, Marks;
Umpire,
Con-
over.
H. H. Moses Improymg
Herbert H. Moses, Tau Epsilon
Phi, is recovering from an
oper-
ation for acute appendicitis per-
formed Saturday.
announces; PIJBDGiNG .. Tau Kappa Epsilon announces the pledging of N. P. Golden, St. Paul. ■
Harvard has a collection of 3,400 rare playing catds.
- DEACv - . HAS EYEEYTHING COLLEGE 1bU€ATION
H. 6. eeisner;
Elgk Benta;! Clinic
PAUL A. MSK ROBSET G. BISK . . fflABOLB J. ifflSK Lirap^ A.'MSK , ,, ; . ■ 400 Schultz Bids. Fhon« 6701 Corner 4th and Main
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbook at the
MITZI SANDWICH SHOE 213 Vine St.: W. Lafayette
SUBSGEIBB FOE THE BIFOMSNT
Thi Stickem Sisters!
tovely .., the greetest pair ®f Cliogietg Vines that ewer eatpe t© KoiHdg®. Clever S9® end I Con mend and lofesl bosks, nsoonl paper ©n the drawing board and help in countless other places where paper @r most be stuck f© each other ®r to weed, el@tb, gloss or leather. Ask for’em by name! rnesiMs a m, 2?ii f» §«.,
HIQQINS’ ■- DRAWING BOARD & IIIRARY PASTi
-SCUDDER.
Purdue Archers—Meeting at 6:30 tonight in Women’s Gym. -LEE.
Freshman Track Candidates—Report tomorrow at 4 in room) 104 of the Armory for discussion of plans for season. —ALLEN.
Sophomore Motors—No inspection trip during school week which began March 19. All classes meet in classroom at regularly scheduled hours. —HALLAM.
Glider Club—Regular meeting at 7:16 tonight at the airport. Cars will leave Union at 7 for those without transportation. —WOOD.
Eta Kappa Nn—Rough initiation at 7:80. tonight in E. E. reading room. -BURRELL.
Wesley Foundation—^Roller skating party Friday nigBt.at Maple Point. Transportation, skates, and eats, 25 cents. Buses leave Foundation at 6:89 and 7:15. Sign up at the Foundation. —DELAPLANB.
Black Key—Pledging ceremonies to be held St 'Triangle house at midnight tonight. —HOFFER.
PALLFOOTBALL— (Continued from page 3) due schedules, having appeared here in the opening game in 1933 when the Boilermakers won a hardfought 18 to 6 tussle, will replace Northwestern as the opening opponent. Big Ten Race In the Big Ten championship race the Boilermakers will stack up against Wisconsin, Chicago, Minnesota, Iowa, and Indiana, wfiile the quest for intersectional honors will be continued against Pordham and Carnegie Tech., The complete schedule for this fall follows: Sept. 26—Ohio U. at Purdue. Oct. 3—Open date. Oct. 10—^Wisconsin at Purdue. Oct. 17—Purdue at Chicago. Oct. 24—^Purdue at Minnesota. Oct. 31—-Purdue at Carnegie Tech. Nov. 7—^Purdue at Pordham. Nov. 14—Purdue at Iowa. Nov. 21—-Indiana at Purdue.
.it’s as much a part of Chesterfield as the taste
WBAA
Totey ■ 11:00—^American Institutions, Dr. Phillips. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts. T. R. Johnston. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Music. 12 :80—Adeline Hayes, soprano. 12:46—Physics Today. ,1:16—Jim Woodruff and His Guitar. 1 :.80—^Better Homes. 1:46—^Fina} Markets. ZsOOr-Better Expression. 2*16—Vocational Guidance. 2 580—Ida Hartman, pianist. 2 ;46r-Editb Hines, blues singer. 8:00—Jefferson High School.
Did you ever notice the difference: in the aroma of Chesterfield tobacco ?
Every person who knows about tobacco will understand this.. . for to get a pleasing aroma is just like getting a pleasing taste from fruit. Mild ripe tobaccos, homegrown, and welded with the right kindof tobacco from far-olf Greece and Turkey (Samsoun, Smyrna, Xanthi and Cavalla)...
... thaf s why Chesterfield has a more pleasing aroma.
WEDNESDAY BOSA PONSEU.E
aroma
KQSIEIANETZ OBCHESTRA AND GHOBUS 8 P. M. (C. S. T.)-COLUMBIA NEXWOBK
, Liggett & Mybes Tobacco Co,