Read balijr jil]^ 5|l!ii^^§i^den Of l*iii*due University
VOLlJME XLVIII
LAFAYEttjE, ii^DlA!^A, WEDNESbA'^, MAY 19, 1937
NUMBER im
Senate Hears Gttnn Talk On
Convocations
Prof. J, Y. Gunn, chairman of the University committee on convocations and public lectures, spoke to the Student Senate last night on problems which his committee faces in bringing speakers and musicians before the students, at a meeting of; the Senate in room C of the Memorml Union Building last niglit. Choosing the guest lecthrers and artist? a^ arranging dates for the apiE^earances, determining, the proper, piaie on or gif the campus in which to hold ^the convocations for assuring adequate seating facilities and suitable, acoustics, and handUng people who come to the' proj^ranis with ticdcet? not their, owp^ listed by Professor Gunn as matters met by the convocations conittiittee.
Appoints Committee President Rohyans, of the Senate, appointed a committee of J. I. Dean, chairman, H. E. Montfort, Martha Wood, Frances Raebig, Ruth Hall, and W. A. Hart to work with Professor Gunn on convocation problems.
J^cbb Ries, educational director of WLW and WSAI* who will speak at the Stage, Stump, and Studio
iaanquet tomorrow night.
Petitions for candidacy to the Senate will be available at the Senate office in the Union tomorrow and will be due Thursday, May 28, the organization decided. Adopts Amendment Under a new amehdment to the Senate constitution, proposed by J. H. Jacobi and adopted last night, each student desiring to run for a Sepate pgsition miut obtain sigriblh^es St Sd per cent bf the enrolled students in his school, or the signatures of 20 students if the enrollment of his school does hot total ipd. S[|i hlhst also pay a petition feS of $1. Ci' G. ]^ii’^,tt, chairman, J. H. Jacohii',"^.- G. Peterson, J. L. Hacklemhttj, amd H. F. Fischbum are the cori^hMtee in charge of Senate noihinatirali-
Foundation Outing Stiiheduied May 22
Wesley Foundation will sponsor ah outih^ and wiener roast on Hay 22 at. Tilrkey Run State Park. The group will leave the Foundatihn House at 1 o’clock Saturday afternoon, and will return Saturday night. The total cost of the outing is 65 Cents. Everyone is invited by the Foundation to make the trip, and must sign up at the Foundation house not later than tomorrow
Sigma Alpha Mu Formal Sigma Aljiha Mu fraternity will hold its annual spring fonhial on the evening of May 22 at Allen’s ballroom. Bob Kelly ahd his orchestra will furnish the music.
CiiF School Offers Gas UtiliEatibu Short Course
Gas utilization will be discussed at a short course conducted by the chemical engineering school in the gas laboratories of Heavilon Hall. Classes will be held all day today and tomorrow, with a special night session to be held this evening. The course is being conducted at the request of the Indiana G^s Association and will be attended by representatives of the various companies of the association. The program will, include numerous lectures and discussibns on such topics as gas combustion, gas appliances, and fundamentals of gas utilization.
Sheets, Pptze, McLeod, Stallings Elected To Student Union Positions
Get if our Debris Now; Office Open 4-5:30
ME School Offers Two Short Courses
Two special intensive courses of 20 days each, one in mechanical re-
Ries To Speak Before Stump, Stage, Studio
Joseph Ries, who will speak at the Stage, Stump, and Studio banquet to be held tomorrow night at 6 o’clock at Lipcoln Lodge, is the educational director of radio stetion? wtW aiid W^Al. A graduate of Butler University, he gave up a teaching career to become a radio announcer. when he first graduated from college he became city circulation
Transportation to Lincoln Lodge will be available at the Grant street entrance of the Memorial Union Building between 5:30 and 6:45 o’clock tomorrow evening for those who leave their names at the Union desk. Tickets jinay be secured at the Union desk or from the members of the committee before noon tomorrow.
manager for the Indianapolis Post, now out of existence. Ries has appeared on two WLW presentations, “Ticker Notes,” arid the “Ohio School of the Air.” In 1935 he became the educational director for the Crosley Radio Company’s two stations, WLW and WSAI.
Max Price Receives
West Point Appointment
Max Price, freshman engineer form Bourbon, has received an appointment to the U. S. Military Academy at West Point and will report there ori July 1. Successful in mental and physical tests. Price received his appointmment a week ago. He will finish his school year here at Purdue before beginning at West Point.
fngeration and the other in air conditioning, will be offered as features of the coming summer session of the University, it was announced today by Professor G. A. Young, head of the school of mechanical engineering. The refrigeration session will last from June 18 to July 10 and the course iq air condition-
ing from July 12 to 31.
Those students who have not as yet obtained their 1937 Debris should do so immediately, according to an announcement made last night by the editors of the yearbook. The Debris office will be open every evening between the hour of 4 and 5:30 o’clock to finish distributing to those who have not already called for their copies.
Btewfer Bids
Corps Adieu
Lieutenarit Colonel Brewtet, after cpmi)limenting the brigade on the fine ^lioiviri^ mkde at national insiigction, gave a short farewell talk in lieu of his leaving Purdue at yesterday’s Corps Day. Even though the seniors in advanced military training were ri.ot Ubib tti folletv tke knnual custom and review the corps under the leadership of the junior advanced military Students because of the rainy weather, the last corps d^ of the aOhdOifiib yrifit v^as in rio niaririef sli^htodi The corjis was given wall forlriUtion, and the band formed in the center of the Armory. The corps day announcement bulletin was read and the band played several selections.
A cheer was given for the seniors who have commanded the corps during,the past year and the brigade ended the formation by singing “Hail Purdue” to the accompaniment of tile band.
EXPONENT BOARD
All elected officer? of the Exponent and the faculty advisory committee are expected to attend a meeting for discussing 1937-38 business plans of the paper in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment , Station at 4 o’clock Friday afternoon. —MANION.
Alliance WiU Elect Officers
The Purdue Student Alliance will hold its final meeting of the year this evening at seven o’clock in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building, electing next year’s officers at that time. The program is also to include an attitude test, for the purpose of determining the attitude of the Alliance towards military training, which will be given by R. C. Robbins, a graduate student, and a cadet colohei of tke corps last year. This test has already been given to 800 basic mili tary students of the University. The Student Alliance urges a full attendance of its membership at the meeting.
Conimencetnen t
Tickets Available
One thousand extra commence' nient tickets have been given to the Gala Wgek, committee by the President’s office to be distributed at their discretion to seniors who have need for them. Seniors desiring the tickets may place their requests with any member of the Gala Week committee who will decide upon the validity of the request at a meeting within two or three days. The committee requests ;^hat none of these tickets be mailed out of town. Members of the committee are: Cloyd Smith, June Rippert, Don Black, Jack Ohaver, A1 Lutgens, and Dave Williams.
F. T. Sheets, a junior in the civil engineering school, was elected president of the Student Union for the school year 1937-38 at a meeting of the Union electoral board yesterday evening. L. E. Putze, a junior in the public service engineering school was elected senior executive and Lorna McLeod, a junior in the home economics school was chosen co-ed executive. New Office W. K. Stallings, a junior in the mechanical school, was elected to fill a new office, that of chairman of Union activities. This office was deemed necessary because of the many and diversified activities carried on by the Student Union during the course of a year. Sheets is a member of Chi Epsilon, Gimlet, is president bf Phi Kappa Psi fraternity, and was h member of Skull and Crescent. He is from Chicago. Gored Executive Lorria ifcLeod, irom tVest Lafayette, is a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority. Gold Peppers, and' Mortar Board. Putze is president of Sigma Chi fraternity and is a member of gimlet. Stallings is a member of Delta Upsilbn fraternity, belongs to Gimlet, and was a member of Skull and Crescent. Both Putze and Stallings hail from Altori, 111.
Pi Tau Sigma Postpones Picnic IJntU May 27
Burglar Gets $140 At SAE Fraternity
Indiana U. Plans Service And Stores Riiiidiiig
A service and store? building, costing approximately $100,000 is being planned by Indiana University. A. M. Strauss, Fort Wayne architect, has been engaged by the
university trustees to prepare plans tor tbri buildirig which will house
buildirig
equipment and supplies.
Early yesterday morning, the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity house was robbed of about $140 dollars worth of clothing, jewelry, currency, and incidentals. The theft was believed to have been committed by a single person. Since only the first and second floors were ransacked, the mbmbers believe that the burglar did not wish to venture up to the third floor as he would then be near the dormitory.
Calculatiiig Aids To Go On Display
Modern accounting methods and equipment, recently developed by the Burroughs Adding Machine Co., have been arrariged in an exhibit to be shown tomorrow in the ballroom of the Meriiorial Union Buildirig. Lectures have been prepared to last approximately one class period and will be scheduled so that preference will be given to those classes whose instructors have made reservations for a definite hour.
Theta cy
Theta Chi fraternity announces the pledging of E. H. Davies of Del Mar, Cal.
Dwight Wait, president of Pi Tau Sigma, announced last night that the Pi Tan Sigma picnic scheduled to be held today at Rotary Park, has been postponed until May 27. The picnic was postponed because it conflicted with the Sigma Xi initiation.
Julius Stone
Talks Tomght
Juliu? F. Stone, of Columbus, O., chairman of the Ohio State University Board of Trustees who is noted as an explorer and lepti^ec will,present a lecture illustrat^ tion pictures an^ l^riteuv,slides op “Canyon Country; T^.-Rop^nce Ctf A Drop Of Water And A Grain Of Sand” before an open meeting sponsored by Sigma Xi, honorary research fraternity, tonight at 8 p. m. in Eli^ Fowler Hall. Stone’s address will follow the initiation ceremonies and dinner of Sigriaa to be held in the Memorial Union Building beginning at 5 o’clock, and will be open to the general public and student body.
White, Literary Speaker, Famous For Edltoridli^
William Allien White, who occupies a distinguished place in American life and literature, will be the principal speaker at the All University Literary Banquet which will be held ih the ballroom of the Me-' morial Union Building Saturday' May 22. White made a small town riewspappr famous 'with one editorial, “What’s the matter 'mth Kansas?” and his life has been devoted to serving on various public welfare boards and literary committees. He has •written, along -with his other riuirierous acti-vities, short stories, novels, essays, biographies, and numerous other works. The Winterrowd award far the two best collections of 100' books 'will be presented at the along 'with other trophiris arid awards for the btest poenf, short story, play, and seieriMc, historical or familiary essay.
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Kappa $igma fraternity announces the pledgirig of W. M. Curtis, New Haven, Conn., and W. B. Gisher of Wolcottville.
Will Speak At Purdue American Policy, Technology Institute
Governor
Governor M. Clifford Towtisend, who will speak at the informal banquet at the end of the Purdue Instituto of American Policy and Technology on July 2.
Time-Motion
Dr. ^Lillian M. Gilbreth, woman engineer and time and riiotion study expert, will speak June 28 on “What The Consumer ^kdiill know.”
Engineer
Dean A. A. Potter, who 'will tell ihe opening session, June 21> about ^‘The Social Significance Of Men ^nical Power.”
Educator
Journalism
Dr. Ellsworth Huntington, professor bf human geography at Yale University, will address the institute on June 22.
Dr..Walter Pitkin, of Columbia riiversity, who is to address the Opening session, June 21, <m “What [s Behind The Crisis Of Civilizaibn.”
Industrialist
Colonel Fredeimk L, Bievermn^ industrialist, and authority unvishal^ edu^ti<pi whq will a^br^ the sqsJw* iff «f the summer insti-
-.,<1
rfriiiilliiiaifiitllii
.'i,THE PUBDCE EXPONENT
W^t $urbue exponent
Pwonded In t88S
mPMtaCNTKD pon NATIONAI. ADVBRTtSINa BY National Advertising Service, Inc Coltvfr PubUshtn RfpMtntathe 420 MADiBON Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICASO - BOSTON . SAN FRANCISCO Lorn ANOKLKS • I^ORTLANO • SEATTLE
MEMBER
^seciatocl €feU»fltate ^rces
Entered as second mail, $8.60 per year;
class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indian^ Delivered by delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year: sold by a single copy. 2 cents.
Daily
Student
Publication of Purdue University
BusincBS Phone 6038
OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Editorial Phone 6037
EDITORIAL STAFF „ „ „ • R. P- Manion
J. E. Brock
fi A Rniipv. L. S. Hardin. C. D. Schroeder,
....— - - ■ J Stanback, D. R. Vance
BUSINESS STAFF ^ ^ D. C. Miller
J. P. Girard
HjT
W. J. Gillilan
R. R. Hensler
Circulation Manager.
M. C. Reeves
SPORTS STAFF ^ R. F. Obenchain
Associate Editors....
.T. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
WOBIEN’S STAFF . . „ ,
Associate Editors
Marv Cooley. Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
Issue Editor—W. Frederick
For An Enjoyable Evening— We Suggest The Literary Banquet
One night each year the University English department, the University itself, and friends of the institution gather to honor those students who have pursued literary paths aside from their regular course of study. This year the affair, the eleventh annual Literary Banquet, is set for this Saturday. The banquet is always rather impressive for its list of distinguished guests from the University and the community, for the array of cups and monetary prizes awarded to student winners in the All-University literary contest, and for its invariably prominent principal speaker of the evening. Mere mention of some of the headline authors who have talked at the annual dinner in the ten years of its existence is sufficient to show how the occasion has gained popularity and prestige on the campus. Theodore Dreiser, Zona Gale, Thornton Wilder, Elmer Davis, Stephen Leacock, Christopher Morley, Sherwood Anderson, Prof. James Weber Lynn, and Carl Sandburg have been brought here by Prof. James Cummings of the English department, to address persons attending the banquet. The speaker for this year has established a distinguished and unique place for himself in American life and literature. William Allen White made his small town newspaper, the Emporia Gazette, famous with one editiorial, “What’s Wrong With Kansas?;” he has steadily declined to accept well-pay-ing public offices from the national administrations; he has acquired a reputation for being generally indifferent to money ; and despite an active public life he has found time to produce a continuous stream of books, including short stories, novels, and political essays. The banquet and the subsequent talks and presentation of awards have stretched out over too long a time on some occasions to make the affair as entertaining as it might have been. The fact that the ballroom of the Union will be turned over to Mixer goers at 9 o’clock this Saturday evening is assurance that the program will be fairly short as well as enjoyable.
Cliques Limit Student Privileges
Certain campus offices, such as vice-president of the Union and the offices of the Student Athletic Association have traditionally been filled by popular election. In these two’ organizations, popular election is the logical method for obtaining their officials. The persons needed in these organizations are the ones most popular with the student body. The amount of work put forth by the various candidates of course has some bearing upon the selection but the man desired by the Union is the one that has the backing of the students. But the Union Board has deemed it advisable this year to disregard all precedents and resort to appointing these various vice-presidents. The reason for this action is because there has arisen a situation on the campus that makes it improbable that the best man would win the election. Within the last three years, powerful cliques have formed which have become so greedy as to disregard all election rules and courtesies. Their only goal is to place their men in office. Ability does not mean a thing. Popular elections have become party elections. A man in one clique is considered a traitor if he votes for a member of the opposing clique, although he is an intimate friend of that member. Popularity does not figure in the present elections. John L. Lewis could be elected vice-president of Union if he had the backing of the majority party. That is the reason for the appointment policy that is going on at the present time. The school officials and many of students themselves are fed up with clique rule. If the activity of these political groups continue, they will kill themselves. They have already destroyed the privilege of the students to elect their Union officers and they will destroy more than this if they are allowed to continue. Although the Student Athletic Association election tomorrow is supposed to be a closed affair, the various cliques been working feverishly for it for weeks. It is almost too late to do anything to stop this activity this year, but in the future let’s put a stop to these political machines before they destroy the last vestige of student representation. —R. F. .0.
Moser, ’36, Will Marry Indiana Grad, June 6 Norman R. Moser, Ind. Ed. ’36, now coach at Ridge High School, Vanwert, O., and Kay Augspurger, of Woodbum and a graduate of Indiana University will be married June 6 at the home of the bride-to-be. While in the University Moser received his letters in baseball and basketball and was president of the Theta Tau social fraternity.
Science Student Will Speak On ‘Italy’ Before Relations Group Meeting
John CaracciOlo, of Cliifwood, N. J., a sophomore in the school of science, will speak on “Italy” before a meeting of the student relations group to be held in room C of th6 Memorial Union Building tomo.rrow evening at 7:30. Caracciolo’s address will be a continuation of the series designed to foster better understanding between the students of other lands.
Ninety Participate In First Spring Spree At Ross Camp
The first Spring Spree, a facultystudent get-together sponsored by Alpha Phi Omega, was held Saturday afternoon at Ross Camp with about 90 students and staff members in attendance. The day ended
with sporting honors equally di-/
vided. The faculty, with W. T. Miller as anchor man and with J. W. Raub’s cleated shoes, succeeded in trimming the students at tug-of-war, thereby winning possession of the tin cup for the coming year. Dean Fisher led cheers for the faculty. The students, however, managed to whip the staff members at baseball, 18 to 7. Batteries were Canfield and Mueller for the faculty and Gaston and Quibe for the students. W. F. Quibe and Phil Rosemary each won $5 in the treasure hunt, while A. J. Golden, Floyd Mowry, and Edward Franklin each found $1 apiece.
Annual River Swim Postponed 1 Week
Purdue’s annual River Swim originally set for tomorrow, has be^n postponed until May 26, M. L. “Chief” Clevett announced yesterday. The change was made because the recent cool weather has left the river cooler than was expected. The swimmers in this yearly classic start at Lincoln Lodge and swim down to the Brown street bridge. The first six to finish will receive medals. So far only five men have signed up. Unless 15 enter, the race will not be held. Anyone wishing to compete may sign on the bulletin board outside the Intramural office.
Investigations Conducted On Size Of Average Child
Iowa State Univei’sity, Vassar, Penn State, Kansas State College of Agriculture, Texas A. & M., and the University of Minnesota are embarking on new experiment with the National Youth Administration and the U. S. Bureau of Home Economics. At these institutions experiments will be conducted to find out how big children are. Measurements of hundreds of children will be taken to determine just what size children are. The possible result will be that doting mothers will no longer say, “Little Jay is only one and wears a size two” and “Jane is only five and takes a size seven.” Accurate data on measurements will assure correct sizes and this is the reason for the research along those lines.
Dramatic Clubs Prepare For Scout
Hollywood, Cal., (ACP). Because Oliver Hinsdell, Paramount director is launching an annual college talent quest, the dramatic societies of Southern Methodist, Tulane, Washington University, Northwestern, and Drake are rehearsing feverishly to produce another Robert Taylor. Hinsdell left for Dallas where he will receive a “welcome home” reception as he was founder of the Dallas Little Theater, one of the most celebrated in the country. Southern Methodist University at Newi Orleans is readying a special performance of the Broadway hit “Call It A Day” for Hinsdell’s inspection. After conferences with college dramatic leaders, Hinsdell will hold interviews with likely screen prospects. This procedure will also be followed in St. Louis, Evanston, and Des Moines at the other afore-mentioned colleges. After a three-week tour, Hinsdell will return to Hollywood and resume his work of preparing the numerous newcomers now under his tutelage for their first screen “break.” The Hinsdell “finds” will not reach the Coast until June when, for the most part, they’ll be free from scholastic shackles.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Roth Florist, Inc.
Complete Floral Service. Serving Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St. In Luna Theatre Building
Phone 7955 — 8050
THANKS for the sympathy ex pressed in yesterday’s colyum, JACK, I have an idea I’ll need it. .
Here are some new words for your vocabulary: A NECKERCHIEF ... the president of a sorority . . . INTUITION . . . that strange instinct that tells a girl she is right whether she is or not.. SYNTAX . . . monetary penance. VAT 69 ... Pope’s phone number.
We are very glad to note that the Lambda Chi HAIRCUTS are beginning to grow out ... we most certainly don’t want visitors to be-i lieve we have a frat for EX-CON-VICTS ...
AND THEN THERE was the Delt who got 5 on the PURITY TEST ... he doesn’t chew . . .
Do you know what a WALLY SIMPSON hat is? ... it’s one without a crown ...
First Little Skunk to second Little Skunk: Boy, oh. Boy, did my dad ever rai^e the old stink the other night when I got in late! . . .
That’s all for today . . .
SEND IN A BIT OF HUMOR AND RECEIVE A MARS PASS .. A POME OR A JOKE may win you an extra-fine MARS PASS . ..
Badger Cue Artist Wins Triangle Meet
Lillesand of Wisconsin won the cue offered as a prize by Charles C. Peterson, one of the world’s foremost trick shot billiard artists, in a straight rail billiards triangle match held last Saturday in Uis Purdue Union billiard room. Three-man teams were entered from each of the schools, with each man plaj^ing the six men on the other teams in individual mateheff. On the basis of the outcome of the matches, the two best men were chosen, and these two played off a match for the cue. Both Lillesand and Brown of Wisconsin won their six matches, and in the playoff Brown was defeated. Mintz was the other Badger entry, and Albright, Walker, and Kemmer were the Indiana entries. Kirkpatrick, Weiman, and Shafer shot for the Boilermakers.
ARC
—LAST DAY—
George O’Brien Heather Angel In “Daniel Boone” —and— Ralph Bellamy
‘Man Who Lived Twice” —^Jbo— “March of Time”
SUBSCRIBE rO THE PURDUE EXPONENT NOWI
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“He’s an umpire, waiter—it’s his habit to dust off every plate!’’
Aiken To Address Meeting Of AIEE
Professor C. B. Aiken, technical advisor of WBAA, will address the Purdue division of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers on the subject “Technical And NonTechnical Engineering,” at a meeting to be held tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Professor Aiken received his B. A. degree at Tulane University and his M. A. and Ph. D. at Harvard. Following this, he was employed by the Geophysical Survey ,the Arizona Oil Co., and the Bell Laboratories in that order. While employed by Bell, Aiken wrote many technical treatises, including outstanding papers on telephone carrier systems.
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
—LAST DAY—
Marlene Dietrich Charles Boyer
“Garden of Allah” (In Color) —and— Warren William
“Outcast”
STARTING TOMORROW Dick Foran
‘Cherokee Strip” —and— Margaret Lindsay
“Song of the CHty”
WALTER -ft
BEN
WINCNELL
ERNIE d^FAYE PATSYKEUY JACK HALEY
STARTING TOMORROW “King of the Gamblers” with Claire Trevor Lloyd Nolan Akim Tamiroff
Rent a Car for the Evening ROGER’S GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
—LAST DAY-
A LAUGH SPREE!
Wally’s backin hit grandest rote i
STARTING TOMORROW Patsy Kelly Lydia Roberta
‘Nobody’s Baby” —and— Brian Donlevy Frances Drake
‘Midnight Taxi”
STARTS TOMORROW Double Feature
The Soldier and the Lady with
Anton Walbrook Elizabeth Allan
Black Legion with Humphrey Bogart Ann SheridanTHE PUBDUB EXPONENT
PBATBRNrTY StNK^jLESi
TODAY—5:00 Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Delta Theta.
David ihirdm
TONGUE BITE GONE/
Exclusive Edgeworth Method PROCESS-AGING Is Changing Smokers* Ideas
W E guarantee Edgeworth will not
1
bite the tongue. That is a strong statement, but we are willing to prove
it at our risk.
The use of the finest Burley tobaccos alone will not prevent tongue bite. It’s the processing that does it. As every tobacco expert knows, pipe tobacco can be rushed through the plant and save big sums of money. But Edgeworth is not made that way. Our method is PROCESS-AGING— a process as vital as the aging of old wines. There are twelve required steps, each under laboratory control. It takes 4 to 7 times as long as might seem necessary. But in no other way can we guarantee that Edgeworth will not bite the tongue. We ask you to try it imder our moneyback guarantee. If Edgeworth bites your tongue, return it and get your money back. Isn’t that fair enough?
NOTE: There are three kinds of Edgeworth for you to choose from:
1 — Edgeworth Ready -Rubbed — a cool, long-burning tobacco preferred by seasoned pipe smokers. 2 —Edgeworth Plug Slice — for the pipe smoker who likes to crumble the tobacco m Jhis hands until it’s ju^t nght for him. 3—Edgeworth Jr—for the pipe (and cigarette) smoker—the same tobacco also Process-Aged, but cut for “roll your own” and manufactured to give the beginner a milder, more freeburning smoke.
Big Ten Golf Tournament
John David, Boilermaker sophomor'6, pulled up on the leaders in the Big Ten golf tournament being held at Chicago this week when he shot a 77 to bring his 54 hole total to 228, and place him in third position. ]^11 Ploetz of Wisconsin, and Sid Richardson, of Northwestern, also sophomores, shot identical rounds of 37-42—78 to hold their first place lead at the end of the three-quarter mark with 226 totals. No'rthwestern Leads David’s Monday morning roimd of 73 placed him in a tie with Ploetz for the lead, but his 78 in the afternoon hurt his chances somewhat, as Ploetz carded a 76 and Richardson shot a 74 to go with his morning 74. In the race for the team championship, Northwestern is leading the defending champions, Michigan, 932 to 948 after gaining six strokes on them in the third round to add to their ten stroke lead at the end of 36 holes. On the basis of the 36 hole results, Wisconsin is trailing the leaders, with Illinois, Indiana, Purdue, Iowa, Ohio State, Minnesota, and Chicago following in that order.
Burnham Namedv Commissioner Of Ball Association
EDGEWORTH EDGEWORTH
Elmer Burnham, head freshman football coach has been appointed one of eight district commissioners of the newly-organized Baseball Association, which has as its purpose to develop a state-wide amateur baseball program, it was announced yesterday. Along with the other commissioners and three officers, Burnham will administer the activities of the new association until permanent officers are elected this August. Burnham has had a wealth of experience in organizing recreational facilities during his coaching tenure in South Bend, and his experience should prove a valuable aid tp the commission. Only amateur teams will be al lowed in the association and paid players will be barred. Organization of at least 50 new county leagues or city associations and an equal number of junior baseball schools throughout the state is expected.
BASEBALL
-TODAY—
Diamond 1—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Delta Theta. Umpire—Bartling. 8— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Delta Upsilon. Umpire—Chapman. 9— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Sig' ma Nu. Umpire—Gillis. 10—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. Umpire— Zachary.
Thrifty People Appreciate Steiger’s
Cleaned and Furs Cleaned. Glazed, Stared Lusterjzed, Stored and In-
sured for 08 little as
muf
00
Don’t trust home methods of storing your furs in tar paper bags, cedar chests, etc. Have positive protection for your furs and eliminate the risk of damage or theft. Our modern storage vaults insure fur garments against MOTHS, FIRE, THEFT.. and our bargain storage offer enables every woman to have this protection. Call 4935 and a bonded messenger will call for your furs.
STEIGER’S
Fur Storage 630 MAIN ST.
<G
16
I’d like to take this space to thank the Exponent for allowing me to conduct this i^lunut and promise that 1 shall write it to the best of my ability . . . —fc— The weather man got to the baseball team again yesterday . . . that makes the sixth one ... all of the spring sports have been taking an awful beating from this same gent ... Bob Smith got himself an awful sunburn out on the links a couple of weeks ago . . . the next Week he was hogging about the cold . . . —^fc— John David sure turned in a great game in the Big Ten golf meet at Chicago — he was tied for the lead on the first round with a 73 . . . however, he couldn’t keep up the pace and landed in third place yesterday afternoon with a 306 .... Richardson was first with a 301 ... Bill Kostelecky from Northwestern was the runnerup with a 304 . . . Purdue tied Iowa for fourth in the meet . . . Northwestern, Michigan, and Indiana was the way the first three finished ... —^fc— To finish this column, I’d like to tell a story about Knute Rockne ... it was one of the few games that Rockne played as a pro . . . the first and only time he played against Jim Thorpe . . .early in he game Jim swept around Rockne’s end and Knute nailed the Indian ... as they were disentagling themselves, Thorpe said to young Rockne “See all those people up there in the stands. Well, they came to see old Jim run!” . . . —^fc— A few plays later, Thorpe again came Rockne’s way and again Knute dug in for the tackle . . . Rockne picked himself up just in time to see the Indian being forced out of bounds far down the field within a few yards of a touchdown when the humiliated Knute trotted back to his position, Thorpe patted him on the back and said^ “I always knew you were a regular guy, Rock. I knew you would let old Jim run.”
Fehringmen Meet lU In Game Friday
For their second game this week the Boilermaker diamondmen will tangle with their old rivals from the short and narrow banks of the Jordan, the undertow of the Crimson tide, the mighty men of Indiana University, in a baseball contest on Friday at Bloomington, which may turn out to be anything from a complete rout to one of the best games of this season. Stricken with many of the same ills that have made the Boilermaker ball club inconsistent this year, the Indiana team will meet the Lafayette squad with about as much op portunity to win as to lose. At least three starting positions on the Indiana University team are in doubt, which places them in the same cate gory as Purdue to begin with. Teams Similar Frank Filchock, grid star, who reported late this spring, has be come a leading contender for an outfield position through his slug ging ability and is likely to get the call against Purdue. Ernie Andres and Herb Queisser, third basemen, are fighting it out for the hot cor ner. Like Purdue, the Indiana squad also has a brother act billed in their publicity copy. Louis Grieger is one of the ranking hurlers on the squad and his brother, Russ, acts as his backstop. With the bitter rivalry which exists between the two teams combining with their comparatively equal strength, Friday’s contest should prove both close and interesting.
■fM
>1 1
Fonseca Here Thursday For Diamond Show
TENNIS
FRATERNITY “A” DOUBLES TODAY—5:00 Theta Xi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Psi.
' FRATERNITY “B” DOUBLES TODAY—4:15 Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Sigma Pi. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Acacia vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. ——5:00—— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Triangle. Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Nu. Kappa Sigma vs. Kappa Delta Rho,
Lew Fonseca, former big league ball player and manager will be in town tomorrow to show an official American League sound movie, as well as work out with the Purdue and Lafayette baseball teams and speak at an Optimist Club meeting in the evening. As a big league player, Fonseca lead the American League in batting in 1929 and was voted the most valuable player the same year while playing for Cleveland. Soon after this he was sold to the Chicago White Sox and managed that team until 1933 when Jimmy Dykes took over the leadership. Immediately after his release as manager. Lew was put on the American League pay roll to show moving pictures and promote interest in the gpreat American sport. Thursday afternoon at 3 o’clock Fonseca will work out at Columbian Park in Lafayette with the championship grade school team and at 3:30 with the Purdue and Lafayette Red Sox teams. At 6:15 he will be the principal speaker at the Optimist Club banquet in the Jeff High School Cafeteria, honoring the winning grade school baseball team, and at 8 o’clock the sound moving pictures will be shown in the Jeff High School Gymnasium with the public being invited.
STANDINGS
—National League—
Won
Lost
Pet.
Pittsburgh
17
5
.773
St. Louis
14
9
.609
New York
12
12
.500
Brooklyn
11
11
.500
Chicago
11
12
.478
Cincinnati
8
13
.381
Boston
8
13
.381
Philadelphia .
9
15
.375
Yesterday’s Results
Pittsburgh, 2;
Philadelphia,
1.
St. Louis, 4; New York, 3.
All other games rained out.
—American League—
Won
Lost
Pet.
Philadelphia
12
7
.631
New York
13
9
.591
Cleveland
10
8
.565
Detroit
11
11
.600
Boston
9
10
.474
Washington
10
13
.434
Chicago
9
12
.429
St. Louis
8
12
.400
Yesterday’s Results
Cleveland, 7;
Boston,
4.
New York, 4;
Chicago, 0.
Philadelphia,
8; Detroit, 7.
Washington, 7
; St. Louis, 6.
WARD
TENNIS
Alpha Oamma Rho Victor In Greek Horseshoe Final
Alpha damma Rho came through winners of the intra-fratemity horseshoe doubles tournament, on Monday afternoon, by outpitching the Alpha Tau Omega team, 51 to 36 in the final game on the courts east of the Armory. In the semi-finals the Alpha Gamma Rho’s earned the right to compete in the finals by walloping the Phi Kappa Psi’s by a lopsided score of 60 to 36. In the other semi-finals game Alpha Tau Omega limited Phi Kappa to 39 points while gaining the required 60 for themselves. In the opening round of the day, the eight teams with the highest percentage of victories in the four games previously played, competed to eliminate the winners to four teams. The Alpha Gamma Rho’s set back the S. A. E.’s 61 to 25, in the opener, but the S. A. E.’s came back to outpitch the Phi Kappa Tau’s by a 50 to 46 margin. Phi Kappa Phi broke even with a 53 to 47 victory over the Phi Delt’s and a defeat of 52 to 40 by the A. T. O.’s. A handsome trophy will be given to the victorious Alpha Gamma Rho’s and the members of the winning team and the runner-up team will be given medals. Participation points will also be given.
Kappa Sig, Phi Belt Archery Teains In Tournament Final
E. Svendsen vs. Lucek. R. Schrader vs. B. Tormhlen.
Bowne vs. Michael.
Morganegg vs. Breen.
Parke vs. Milner. Bendure vs. Breiner. Fields vs. Wallace. Johnson vs. Billings. Pontius vs. Lownie
Chapline vs. Frasier.
Woodruff vs. Wilks.
Waiting for favorable weather to play off the final match in the in-ter-fratemity archery tournament. Kappa Sigma and Phi Delta Theta archery teams are anxiously looking for a sunny day to see who will win the coveted trophy which will be awarded to the winner. Both fraternities are among the leaders in the race for the participation trophy and are counting on the extra points given the winner to help place them in first position. Two other archery tournaments are scheduled to get under way the first of next week with the Ward tournament starting on Monday and Tuesday and the All-Campus tournament slated to begin on Monday. The contestants will each shoot 30 arrows at 30 yards and will be eliminated in the same manner as in the past tournaments.
Dorner^s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Ph<me 6050
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Grey Iron Castings
McGrath
Machine & Foundry South Third Street
CARBURETOR YELLO-BOLE
New way of bunnting tobacco better, cooler, cleaner. Car-buretor-Action cools smoke. Keeps bottom of bowl absolutely dry. Caked with honey. At dealers’ now.
LATEST DISCOVERY
IN PIPES
I
We Carry a Complete Assortment of YELLO BOLE PIPES
H. G. (Deac) REISHER
Newest Summer Straws and Fabrics
Flattering Fashions In Every New Summer Color.
.98 - $2.95
Headalies 21-24
NU-STYLE HAT SHOP 128 N. THIRD ST.
THIS WEEK ONLY! SPECIAL SALE WHITTI BROADCLOTH SHIRTS
$|25 3 for $3.50
$|65 3 for $4.50
$|95 3 for $5.50
Such Famous Brands as
• Boulevard • Lenox • Essley • Van Heusen • Lord Pepperell
-- FREE - - Monograms
On Every Shirt Bought During This Special Sale.
BUY NOWl
Boys, here is your opportunity to buy your Summer supply of white shirts at a bargain price. You, of course, know that prices have been going op and aftmr this sale you wiU have to pay more.
These Shirts Are WeU Tailored
Every shirt, no matter what price you pay ... is full cut, exceptionally well tailored and has many additional features not foui^d in other shirts.
Every Shirt Is Guaranteed
There are no ifs and ands tied to our wearing guariuntee. Our shirts must laundmr ‘and wear well or will be replaced with a new shirt.
Correct Sleeve Fittings
We are parUcnlarly fussy about sleeve lengtlm and will fit you correctly at the time your purchase.
MEN’S SHOP
loebftHeneCt
Kalnac* Owr lisa’s Bkaa
‘-ft m.pi " «ES8a I’- *
THE i>tmDUE'BXt»OHfiNT
> / i' ,'i ■' ( I' % <• - 1 f
<1 / '1,* ^ ‘K - ( ^ **!■■.. 1.1 OMl.li .1-' - ^ f’J'
Co>ed Page Editdrs^Dorothea Justin and Sally Mc&e^
YWCA, WSGA Choose Mentors For Freshmen Women A *»»«« meeting for all co-eds interested in becoming mentors for next year’s freshmen women will be held tomorrow afternoon at 4 p. m. in the women’s lovmge of the Memorial Union Building, it was announced yesterday by Georgianna Huber, chairman of the Freshman Orientation committee, at a mass meeting of the W. S. G. A. and the Y. W. C. A. Mentors will be chosen by an interviewing committee next week. The interviews will be arranged from the roll to be taken at tomorrow’s meeting. Betty Ann Stewart, W. S. G. A. president, presided over the meeting yesterday. The minutes were read by Mary Cooley, secretary, after which the committee chairmen for next year were announced, each of which outlined her pl&ns for the coming year. W. S. G. A. committee heads introduced were: vocational guidance, Dorothy Martenet; residence, Mary Alice Learning; activities, Margaret F. Jones; oflBce, Florence Merrill; faculty-students relations, Peggy Hamilton; transfer women, Louis Bain; elections and posters, Jeanne Janousek; parliamentary procedure Margaret Richey; social, Betty Elstun and Betty Jo Sexton; freshman orientation, Georgianna Huber.
Thetas Entertain 500 At Alumnae Club Tea Approximately 600 guests were entertained at a spring tea sponsored, by the Alumnae Club of Kappa Alpha Theta at the chapter house SimdaV afternoon. Miss Marjorie Poor, active president; Mrs. Ralph E. Adams, Alumnae president; Mrs. Wible Hiner, president of Theta Mothers’ Club, and Mrs. Mary Goodwin, house mother, received the guests. The active chapter girls showed the guests through the house. Among those who poured tea for the guests were Miss Philena Palmer and Miss Edith Gamble. Thursday evening. May 20, seniors of the active chapter will be guests of the Alumnae Club at a dinner at the home of Mrs. George Hoffer.
Officers Short Course Will Deal With Traffic Problems Of Police Traffic problems, as they effect police departments will be discussed in detail at Traffic Officers’ Short Course to be held here from June 7 to 12, imder the jojnt direction of the Purdue Public Safety Institute and the Traffic Safety Division of the International Association of Chiefs of Police, it was annoimced today by Prof. W. A. Knapp in charge of engineering extension. The course will consist of five and one-half days instruction by outstanding authorities in traffic training, including Lieut. Frank M. Kreml, of Evanston, 111., formerly of the Purdue Public Safety Institute, who has won an international reputation in the traffic field. There will be no registration fee for the coxirse.
Indiana Tulips Attacked By Color Disease ‘Breaking’ Tulips, which have shown in all their glory in Indiana this spring, have been attacked recently by a disease known to horticulturists as “breaking.” The disease effects the coloring of the bloom, causing the flowers which should be solid in color to become irregularly mottled and streaked. Flowers which are supposed to have a definite color pattern are merely covered with a haphazard arrangement of blotches and streaks. Dr. C. T. Gregory, of the botany division of the Purdue University Agricultural Extension Department, said, “This disease is caused by a Virus which is spread rather rapidly from plant to plant by tiny plant lice.” Gregory further said that the jonly sure means of eradicating the disease is to destroy the infected bulbs, although treating the plants With nicotine would control it to some extent.
WAA Announces Victors In Archery Tournament Final The W. A. A. Archery tournament, which has been held during the past two weeks, ended Monday, with Katherine Merritt winning the intramural tourney and Jean Campbell and Mary Ellen Ward coming out victorious in the intra-class tourney. Katherine Merritt, who represented the Chi Omega sorority, was outstanding in the intramural tournament nosing out Margaret Dobson, Kappa Alpha Theta, who was runner-up, by a small margin. In the intra-class tournament, the Freshmen, who were represented by Jean Campbell and Mary Ellen Ward, were the winners with their greatest competitors being sophomores, composed of Merritt, Barbara Dobson, and Irene Boehm, who came through a ^close second.
WRH To Entertain Former Residlents Former residents of the Women’s Residence Hall will be entertained at a spring picnic on the west lawn of the Hall by the present residing co-eds at 6:15 o’clock today. Plans have been completed to conduct a tour for present residents and visitors through the new building.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MAGltfNES, bouglit, lold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
Lost—Wahl Ever sharp pencil; yesterday at 2 p. m.; name inscribed A. B. Keller, S.A.E. house. Reward.
NOTICES No Noticea Accepted After 8 p.
Lost—May 14, pair of full view octagon glasses in black case. Reward. Call 46064.
“DEAC” HAS BTHRTTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISNER
Dolphins Swim With Triton Oub Tomorrow Triton Club, women’s swimming organization, will hold a mixed swim with the Dolphin Club tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock in Memorial Gymnasium pool. Nancy Phillips is in charge of the entertainment, which will consist of water games and stunts. Those in charge of the swim state that all W. A. A. members may attend.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometriat 504 Main Street
^^Confound it, man—^you gotta give me more time to dress!”
Purdue Fljinfir Club—^Important meeting May 19 at 7 p. m. in room G of the Memorial Union Building. All members have list of hours ready to turn in at meeting. ^CONWAY. Alpha Phi Omega—^Meeting of all members and pledges May 19 in room D of the Memorial Union Building at 7:80 p. m. Formal initiation of pledges and election of chapter officers. Bring money and unsold tickets from Spring Spree. —MERRIAM.
Delta Rho Kappa—Initiation postponed until May 26. —FITCH. W. A. A. Archery—Anyone interested in participating in the Intercollegiate Archery Tournament must see Miss Russell im' mediately. No practices reauired. —WARD. Student Senate—^Meeting May 18 at 7:80 p. m. in room B of the Union. Important^ Professor Gunn will speak. S. A. A. elections May 20. —ROHYANS R. O. M. M.—Meeting May 19 at 4 p. m. in Armory. Election of officers. —McCANDLESS. Gold Peppers—Joint dinner May 19 the reception room of the Memorial Union Building at 6 p. m. for old and new mem^ hers. —MARSHALL. Purdue Student Alliance—^Meeting May 19 at 7 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building to elect officers for the coming year. Photographs of the group will be taken at this time. AH member? are urged to be present. —BUCKLES. Agricnlturiitb—The followinit men please report at the office at 4 p. m. h|ay 19: Burbrink. Finley, S. G. Peteteon, Wddon, Harper, Phillips, Myer. —PARKISON.
W. B. G. A. Ezceutice Board—Meeting May 19, in W. S. G. A. o ce at 7:46 p. m. Note change of time. —STEWART, W. A. A. Orcheaie—All those expecting to be in the Orchesis dance fecital please be at the Gym May 19 at 7:15 p. na. —HARRY. G. E. 113—Class will meet May 20 at I a. m. in the hallroom of the Memorial Un ion Building. —CLARK.
Stamp Club—Meeting May 19 at 7:89 p. m. at the Lafayette Museum and Art Building, comer Seventh and Main streets. —WRIGHT.
Alpha Beta Pledge*—Report number of tickets sold at noon. May 19. —HARDIN. Stage, Stump, And Studio Bhnqnet—All tickets must be purchased or ofder^ biefore noon. May 20, Each salesmM must report the number of sales to Oallis at the Playshop office May 19 between 4 and 6:30 p. m. —RUSSELL.
Skull and Crescent—All actives and pledges meet in front of the M^anical Building at 6,80 p. m. May 19, for formal initiation. —FENSTERMAKEB.
Playshop Worken^—All workers who believe themselves to be eligible for playshop membership please check list in the office May 19 at 4 p m. —HOLDEN,
Dolphin Club—Initiation at 6:16 p. m. in A of the Union. Banquet will be held at 6 p m. in the peasant room. —STEWART.
Pi Tau Sigma—Picnic at Rotary Paric is postponed until May 27. Meet at Alechanical Building at 1 p. m. for transportation. Officers will be elected. —WAIT.
Glider Club—Open meeting May 19 room A of the Memorial Union Building at 7:16 p. m Members are requested to be present. Bring back issues of the “Soaring Bulletin" and be prepared to pay flight fees for the past semester. All splices are finished on the wing and aileron. Those who can report for an hour at any time to fit drag praedng, do so. —WILTSHIBE.
Co-operative Housing Unit—All students who have indicated interest of Jiving in a co-operative housing unit next yOar report to 1 University street at 7:80 p. m. May 19, for an important meeting. —PURTON, W. A. A. Baseball—GamO will Rlayed promptly at 4 p. m. May l9; SofihomorOa vs. Seniors. Girls eligible tot j plas^ hi^eUall are: Seniors, B. Arnold, M, Charies. M. Fitch, G. Halsteml, R, Kelly, J, ffeildder, L. 'l^ompson, fi! Walker. Juniem; M. Delaplane, M, Hester, M. Jenkins, D. Patterson. Sophonutnes: J. Bailey, Vj Blank, J. Can^bpll, L. Davis, A. Ifaprigt»\an,'L. Harry, E. Maier, K, Merritt, M, Townsend, B. Wiley, M. Wilson. Freshmen: blue team,
Lost—Orange and gold Parker pen Rpd pencil set. Call Buckley, 5066.
Name Cards—36 for 26c; programs, tickets, posters, letters, etc. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 South 29th. Phone 6205.
For Sale —Corona portable typewriter. Call Klaiber. 7026.
R. Angert, B. Bradish, P. Clymer, E. Martin, K. Mounce, L. Newman, H. Shroder, G- Walkeif, C. Lochner: orange team, V. Beck, H. Billing, W. Gross, E. Dunwoody, M. Hoober, H. Steffee, 6. Roe, M. Johnson, M. Sexton, J. Cook, and M. Weishaar. —TOWNSEND.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council—^Meeting May 20 at 7 :S0 p. m. in room A of the Memorial Union Building for thb dection of officers. ‘ —KETTLE.
Ag Frosh To' Judge Stock Nearly 100 agriculture students will compete Saturday in the anttuRl freshman livestock judging contest to be held at the livestock pavilion. Two classes each of horses, cattle, sheej), and hog^ will be placed in the morning by the freshmen, who are completing their second semester of animal husbandry work. The contestants will return in the afternoon and give oral reasons for their placings on one of the two classes of fefich kind of stock. Committees from the animal husbandry department are to hear the oral reasons, which Are limited to two minutes on each class, for each contestant. Five-man teams from each section will judge in addition to the individual competition. Only those students who have had judging work in all kinds of livestock are eligible to compete. All livestock to be judged will come from the Purdue farms. Awards are to be announced at a smoker in the Union Building Saturday night, to which all contestants are invited. Professor C. F. Gobble of the animal husbandry efepartment is in charge of the contest. Last year’s competition was won by G. C. Stewart of Greensburg.
Dr. E. S. Akeley, of the University physics department, is listed as a 1936-37 member of the Institute for Advanced Study at Princeton University according to a recent bulletin received here. Dr. Akeley is on leave of absence from the University.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADYERTISERS
WBAA
-TODAY-
11:00—American Institutions, Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts fot Farm Folks. 12:16—Luncheon Dtince Time. 12:30—Vocational Guidance. 12:46—Market and Weather B^orts. 1:00—^Principles of Leadership Prof. 0* F. HalL 1:46—Edward Foley, pianist. SiOOHOAthednl Edhoer, tar Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 2:16—Browsing Time—Mrs. Lloyd Josselyn. 2:30—Mrs. Jean Jones, pianist 2:46—Martha Whitehead, soprano. 3:00—Principles of Speech. 3:46—March Time. 4:00—^Lafayette P. T. A. program. 4:16—Safety Musketeers. 4:30—Robert Petiner, accordion. 4:45—Meditations by Rev. L. Doyle Mullen.
Misses Maxine and Pauline Alberts, who were home economics students in Purdue in 1931 and 1932, and later graduated from nurses’ training courses in Indianapolis, have accepted positions in the Hollywood Hospital at Hollywood, Cal.
The Risk Dental Clinic
Da. PAUL. DB. nAaoub i. ana oa. Boannr a. mm DB. LUTnnaA.aflUc
4M Sdralte Mdg.
FhotMfTfl — Iriiiii
Mr. Merchant:
THIS IS IN THE SPOTLIGHT the space where your name should be. It pays to keep your name before the students, faculty, prospective students, alumni, and townspeople. They are your potential ciisthhiers today and tomorrow. Let them know who you are and what you have t6 offer. Do this through the medium of the PURDUE EXPONENT—the paper that ig i-ead daily by over 5,000 people.
Dial 5038 for a representative to call on you at your place of business.