T
m
Purdue
Z-185
Volume 5L No. 15
Exponent
Wednesdcnr# September 27, 1939
.airfc, tuwjl I Pan Hel Opens Informal Rush Today
PARIS, Sept. 26—In an effort to stop the French defense it is expected'that the German army will attempt to strike at the French front entering via Belgium, Holland, and Switzerland sometime near October 10. It is reported that the Nazi forces expect to make a quick victory by spring. During the next two weeks artillery engagements in the Saar valley and along the Rhine are expected to intensify in violence and scope. BERLIN, Sept. 26—^Although reported since September 8 to be besieged by the German army, Warsaw was charged yesterday for the final drive to completely subdue the Polish resistance. Successive air attacks were reported yesterday, and in a surprise attack, the communique said Germans captured Mokotowski fortress and then forced their way into the Polish capital. LONDON, Sept. 26—Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain warned the British people today of becoming over-optimistic and over-confident of licking the Germans in a quick battle. “The British people are resolved to rid themselves once and for all of the perpetual threat of German aggression,” said the Prime Minister in his speech today.
Annual Indiana State Poultry Show Will Open Today Today will mark the opening of the annual meeting of the State Poultry Association of Indiana with registration in the Poultry building between 9 and 10:30 a. m. Highlighting the opening day’s affairs will be the baby chick show under the direction of Prof. E. E. Schnetzler, From an ordinary beginning this show has grown rapidly and in today’s exhibition plans are to show how best these future egg producers can serve the poultry market. Macy Will (Speak Aiding egg producers, retailers, and wholesalers in their interpretation of the new fresh egg law, Thad Macy, president of the state egg board, will speak on, “Why We Need a Fresh Egg Law.” Supplementing Macy’s speech will be a talk by E. R. Menefee of the University staff who will speak on, “Progress Under the Fresh Egg Law,” in which he will explain how the licensing and inspection features of the law are working out. Among the other speakers will be Dr. A. J. Durant, head of the veterinary department. University of Missouri, and Paul G. Rile, Lafayette breeder and hatchery operator. Banquet In Union Winding up the program on Thursday will be the annual banquet for the assembly in the Union. Due to the increasing amount of interest being shown everywhere concerning the state fresh egg law and its applications William Kohlmeyer, secretary of the organization, anticipates a large crowd for the two-day affair. Committee On Peace Telegraphs Senators Coinciding with other peace efforts on the campus, the Purdue Peace Committee sent a telegram, signed by 14 students, to Senators Van Nuys and Minton yesterday. This telegram marks the opening of an anti-war campaign sponsored by the committee, which, due to the foreign situation, promises to be the most active campaign in recent years. The telegram was as follows: ^‘Purdue Peace Committee urges complete embargo on all arms; placing non-contraband exports on a peacetime quota cash-and-carry basis, since war prosperity is false prosperity.” A poll is already underway to deterihine the exact state of student opinion concerning this crisis. Prof. E. J. Sheppard . . . history, economics and government department, was granted a degree of doctor of philosophy by Ohio University at the close of the summer session. Professor Sheppard’s field of specialization was in the marketing division of the college of commerce.
Students, Faculty Will Give Neutrality Ideas In Forum
Peace Poll Return Passes Last Year's Total On Second Day At 5 o’clock yesterday afternoon 500 of the expected 2,000 returns from the Exponent peace poll had been received. Returns came from fraternities, sororities, and rooming houses. The halls are yet to be heard from. Faculty returns by mail are expected to come in within a few days, adding to the total yet to come from individual students, the halls, and organized and unorganized houses. Last year returns totaled approximately 500. But with better organization and increased interest in the subject)" the number of questionnaires expected this year promises to reach the 2,000 mark. The committee in charge urges all who have ballots to fill them out as soon as possible and turn them in either to an Exponent representative or to the Exponent box at the west desk of the Union. WSGA To Sponsor House Presidents Meeting Tomorrow A co-ed house presidents’ council meeting, sponsored by the WSGA housing committee, will be held Thursday, September 28, in room A of the Union. All residences, housing more than six girls, should send representatives to the meeting. A discussion of co-ed house problems such as hours, date nights, scholastic assistance, and housing conditions will be conducted under the direction of WSGA which acts in an advisory capacity. The main purpose of the meeting is to attempt to bring unorganized girls closer to the campus and its activities. Margaret Mitchell, who is chairman of the housing committee, announced that bulletins concerning campus activities and events are sent regularly to each house. Student Officers, Faculty To Attend AIEE Convention John Nitsche, Robert Dingle, Smale, Richard Obenchain, and John Wise, student officers of the Purdue branch of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers, will represent the University at the Fifth District convention of the AIEE being held at Minneapolis, Minn., September 27-29. Prof. J. H. Bowman, student branch counsellor and vice-chair-man of the Central Indiana section; Dr. C. F. Harding, Prof. H. Karr, and C. S. Sprague will accompany the students to the convention. Dr. Harding will lead the discussion in the technical session Thursday.
Student opinion as well as faculty ideas on the question of “American Neutrality” will be expressed in ^iowler Hall tonight from 7:30 to 9 as a part of Tau Kappa Alpha’s open forum. Don Paarlberg, president of Tau Kappa Alpha, will be chairman for the evening. Dr. J. A. Estey, Dr. L. M. Sears, and Prof. Frank Hall, all of the social science department will lead the discussion. Following opening remarks by these members of the faculty, discussion from the floor will be in order. Pittman Bill Foremost on the program will be the Pittman bill, drafted by the administration as a substitute for the present arms embargo law. “Cash and carry” aspects of the bill as well as the prescribing of “combat areas” and the restriction of American shipping in European waters are major parts of the bill expected to be fully discussed. In addition to these specific subjects, the economic, political and moral implications of the foreign policy of the United States will be under fire. Here students may get
an understanding of what is before the nation and some idea as to what to do about it. Understand Problem No definite solution is expected to come as a result of the forum, but a clearer understanding of problems generally spoken of in generalities should result. At a time when every move counts and the smallest incident grows into an international problem, the American people in general should know what to expect. A similar forum held last year at the time of the Munich crisis drew a crowd of 500 students, faculty, and townspeople. Basing their decision on this show of interest last year Tau Kappa Alpha and the Forensic board, co-sponsors of tonight’s forum, felt that there was enough interest to warrant another such event. Important Question Coming now, at the time of Exponent’s peace poll, the forum does its part in aiding the students of the University to formulate their ideas on the most far reaching inI ternational question of the day. Open to all students, faculty members, and townspeople, the forum is especially recommended to history, economics, and government classes as a supplement to their regular studies.
L W. Archibald Heads New Independent Editorial Staff
Reorganization of the staff of the Purdue Independent was completed yesterday afternoon at a meeting of part of the existing board of the paper with the faculty committee on student publications. New edi-tor-in-chief is Lawrence W. Archibald, Sci ’40, who succeeds Gordon J. Tafel. Assisting the new editor will be Don P. Smith, Ag ’40, in the position of managing editor. James A. Hebbeler takes over the sports editorship. C. E. Franklin retains his
position as business manager, to which he was elected last spring. The new staff will begin operations with the next issue of the Independent. At the board meeting, attended by T. R. Johnston, W. A. Bodden, and 0. F. Hall of the faculty committee and three members of the new staff board, plans were made toward a reorganization of the paper with intention to assure emphasis upon news of PIA rather than general campus news.
Debris Completes Pictures Of 18 Frat Groups; Finish Remainder This Week
Work on the ’40 Debris is pro- ' grossing rapidly and is ahead of the general schedule used in past years according to Bob Brown, junior editor in charge of schedule for fra-
ternity pictures.
So far pictures of 18 fraternity groups have been taken, with the rest scheduled to be completed by next Tuesday, weather permitting. Following the fraternities will be the Cary halls. This will complete the men’s group pictures. Co-ed pictures will be taken immediately upon completion of ed groups. The residence halls are to be taken before the sororities because of deferred rushing. As soon as rushing is finished and sororities settled, the photographers will con-
centrate there.
AIME Smoker Will Follow Pep Session Time for the AIME smoker has been changed to 8:30 tomorrow night, after the pep session, announced AIME president, R. C. Becker, last night. The smoker will be held in the faculty lounge, and Prof. J. L. Bray, Prof. C, L. Lovell and other members of the cl]temical and metallurgical staff will be present to welcome students. Becker urges all metallurgical students, whether members of the American Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engineers or not, to attend the smoker.
Sororities Plan Round Of Parties, Teas, To Replace Last Year's Pre-Rush 'Coke Dates' Todajrat 3 o’clock marks the beginning of informal co-ed rush as authorized by the Pan-Hellenic Council. Informal parties will 43e held at each of the sorority houses Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday afternoons during two periods each day—^the first from 3 to 4 and the second from 4:30 to 5:3p. Rushees will go to each house on invitation and will go only to one house during each period. These parties replace the former “coke dates” necessitated by the conditions of last year’s pre-rushing
rules.
II Formal Rush
Formal rushing begins Satxirday, September 30, at 1:30 p. m. at a meeting of rUshees and rush captains in the Memorial Union. Immediately following this meeting, each sorority will hold open house to which all rushees are invited. All rushing functions are to be carried on in the sorority houses. On Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday nights formal dinners will be given at each house from 5:30 to 8. Invitations to these dinners must be issued and signed by the chapters and rushees. Formal rushing will cease at 8:30 except on Sunday, October 1, when no rushing is permitted.
Preference Dinner
The formal preference night dinner will be given on Thursday, October 5, from 5:30 to 8 p. m. Rushees may get their preference night dinner bids at the Pan Hellenic desk in the Union on Thursday from 7:30 a. m. to 1 p. m. No dates for preference night dinner may be broken. Rush chairmen must call at the Union for replies to preference night invitations by 1 p. m. Thursday,
October 5.
Following the preference night, all rushees will go to the Union to sign their preference cards. Sorority members will not communicate with rushees between preference dinner and pledging on Friday, October 6. Rushees may call for invitations to pledging at the Pan Hellenic desk in the Union from 12:30 to 5:30 p. m. Friday, October 6. Rush week is being managed by the Pan Hellenic Council and their faculty adviser. Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton.
“Complete coverage of the campus” is the motto of this year’s Debris staff. In addition to pictures of all students in fraternities, sororities, and men’s and women’s residence halls, the campus proper will be well photographed, featuring such buildings as the Union, Fowler
Hall, and Heavelon Hall.
Debris price is still $4, but is soon expected to rise. Salesmen are covering the campus to enable each student to buy his while prices are
low.
Forty Couples . . . composed of student Union sophomore workers swinging to the rhythms of a recording amplifier system were entertained in the Union ballroom from 4 to 5:30 yesterday afternoon. The teq dance was held exclusively by and for student Union workers only. Tau Kappa Epsilon . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the folio-wing: Jarvis Jenes, Hammond; Samuel A. Pence, Goshen; Kenneth Mack, Goshen; Jim Fraser, Logansport; Jack Wall, Lebanon; Ellis Verink, Indianapolis; Robert Mefford, Lebanon; Walter W. Vail, Michigan City; Hilton Smith, Brazil; Rex Bostwick, Lafsiyette.
University Holds First Pep Session Tomorrow Night At 7 o’clock tomorrow night the first pep session of the ’39-’40 athletic season will get underway. Starting from the village the torchlit procession will march behind the
band to Stfiwart Field.
As Stewart Field is reached, a huge bonfire will be burning to provide light for the festivities. Speeches will be made, cheers yelled to send the team to Notre Dame in the proper spirit. The team is leaving early in order to get in a practice session on the enemy’s gridiron
before the game.
Torches and banners for the parade are being made by individuals and various organizations to put
additional life in the parade.
CAA Pilots Undergo
Medical Checkup
A third group of CAA pilot-train-ing applicants are scheduled to undergo preliminary medical examination this evening from 7 until 10. The applicants listed below are requested by the engineering personnel department to report to the student health seitvice on the hour in-
dicated above their name:
7 to 8 o’clock—Paul Wagner, K. E. Sharps, P. B. MacPherson, R. A. Williams, M. J. Klein, H. F. Graebner, H. P. Hatasch, P. C. Murray, J. A. Huffman, W. S. Gillet, R. E.
McNew, and Frank Meinke.
8 to 9 o’clock—R. W. Brunnemer, W. B. Jamison, F. E. Reagan, P. K. Franklin, R. L. Wyckoff, W. J. Morrown, J. M. Zappia, R. W. Weitzenfeld, W. F. Pendleton, T. B. Barker,
R. S. Green, and C. C. Dyson.
9 to 10 o’clock—J. D. Brummet, John Ember, R. E. Waid, R. O. Cedars, Oren W. Clark, and Arthur
Major.
Classroom Lectures, Recitations Feature New WBAA Schedule Several new features have been added to the WBAA schedule of programs for the coming year. A series of class room lectures will be given by Prof. V. L. Albjerg, history, economics, and government department, the general subject being “History of the 19th Century.” Radio listeners may hear him discuss different aspects of this topic every Monday morning at 11. Another class room lecture at the same time on Wednesday by Prof. Frank R. Hall, history, economics, and government department, on “History of the West,” has been scheduled, as well as a recitation period at the same hour on Friday on “International Problems,” conducted by Dr. Robert Phillips, history, economics, and government department. These two programs are also being rebroadcast over WILL, the University of Hlinois radio station, it was announced by G. D. Williams, WBAA progiam manager.
Rush Councils The members of the council and their rush chairmen are: Alpha Chi Omega, Yvonne Holden; Alpha Xi Delta, Sue Enders and Maxine Chaille; Chi Omega, Mary Petticrew andtCaroline Scott; Kappa Alpha Theta, Jeannette Klitzka; Kappa Kappa Gamma, Jean Jones and Jane Scheuler; Phi Mu, Mary Schnaible; and Pi Beta Phi, Frances Raebig. Pedalion and Thaeles sororities, local groups, are both rushing, according to the Pan Hellenic dates. ICS A Sets Date For Fall Conference Indiana Central College in Indianapolis will be host November 10 to 12 to the fall conference of the Indiana Christian Student Association, an interdenominational and intercollegiate student organization. At the executive meeting held Sunday, September 24, in Indianapolis, it was announced that the principal speaker would be Dan West, peace representative of the Church of the Brethem. The meeting is open to any student who wishes to attend. Mortar Board Plans Weekly Luncheons Innovating an entirely new plan of weekly luncheon meetings. Mortar Board held its organization gathering yesterday ^noon in the Union grill. According to Margaret Saurer, president of Mortar Board, honorary organization for senior women, the purpose of these meetings is to oflfer an opportunity for the members to become better acquainted with each other.fT" * "■
Ihf U I I J J, „
m
•■♦ '*S^w^f^W^«~V'V’?S'^'" '"'f ii-ir^ i^'^jrtyj?'-'’ 'r? , Ji-
iSi
H Jr> f*
THE PURDUE EXPONENT*
Wednesday* September 27, 1939
Jimsdif. JalL Incidentally
Dear Sorority Rushee:
You’re a sweet child, and we like you. Right now you are probably pretty upset about this business called Rush. Maybe you understand that rush is the system by which sororities acquire new members. Maybe you have a vague idea what it is all about; maybe you’ve only read the rush rules in preparation for the ordeal. In any case, we doubt if you will revel in the activities of the next few days. We doubt if the sorority girls will especially enjoy themselves either. That’s Rush!
By Vladimir
We’ve been here three years and this is the first time the faculty ever handed us a gift like this Thanksgiving vacation. If we felt just one calorie warmer about the situation we’d scamper over to President Elliott’s office and blubber our appreciation on his shoulder. But our hard nature being what it is, we’ll just be content to sit here with a dreamy look in our eyes and large salty tears trickling down our cheeks.
We’ll bet that speech 116 students have tears in their eyes, too. Their work will seem so futile now. Only last Monday most sections in the course were told that in Report No. 2, Part B, “Preparation for interviews to promote a movement,” the movement they should consider would be for a “Thanksgiving vacation week-end.” « ii< 111
During the next three afternoons you will have a chance to visit the various sorority houses to which you have received invitations for an informal social hour. The Pan-Hellenic Council is substituting these informal rush hours for the numerous “coke dates” which formerly preceeded the opening of the formal rushing period. These informal afternoon affairs are designed to help you get acquainted with the sorority girls and vice versa. You should not start out with the idea of “making the best house” that sends you an invitation. Nor should you decide to pledge a group because you like their furniture, china, or dinner dessert.
Maybe you should let them work on the abolition of final examinations now, Professor Monroe. They’ve done so well with the first assignment.
Every now and then there comes to light a passage in the University’s catalog of courses that could well stand explanation. The latest discovery falls tmder the description of Sociology 75. Would the two professors or the mister in charge care to elucidate on their phrase “the family and other institutions”? * ♦ *
Probably the group to which you pledge will be your entrance card into social life and campus activities. Moreover, they will be the girls with whom you’ll live for the next two, three, or four years. So you must be able to picture yourself happy and contented as a member of of the group. They’ll be trying to polish off your anti-social spots. It is with them you’ll learn how to get along with people—^large groups of people.
We’ve often thought that in the not-so-far future there might be the possibility of our raising a family, but now we hesitate to say. “If the professors and their mister have something else to suggest . . .
It comes to us on good authority that the EE department has perfected equipment that will record frequencies as high as 300,000,000 cycles per second. Vibrations of that order are hard to visualize, but if you’ve ever had someone turn the cold water on you while you were taking a hot shower you’ve got the general idea.
You to-be-neophites will be considered from many angles during the coming week. Sorority girls are not always fair in their criticisms. You may be judged by your appearance, financial status, popularity quotent, activity prospects, nationality. You should dress neatly; be gay but not childish in your conversation; courteous not curt in your manners. Most of all, you should give the girls a chance to know you by being yourself. Relax. Don’t consider rush a Greek tragedy. Smiles, fancy dinners, songs, hand shakes, and molasses talks are all a part of the system. Take it in your stride. —G. S.
The strange part about the EE department’s record of this high frequency is that it appears to be a straight line.
We suppose they are now perfecting equipment that will read the record.
Petrov, Romanoff, and self hardly know how to feel. There was a contrib in the Exponent box last night. It took three hours of arguing, reasoning, and hair pulling before we decided just which of us should get to use it; but as all of us are gentlemen at heart, the final outcome was naturally the acme of negotiation.
We’re going to run it three times.
Student Opinion Says:
Purdue Exponent
(Ed. Director’s Note: Exponent’s war questionnaire has given rise to many well organized student ideas, and has prompted thoughtful student discussions. Presented here are only a few of the student opinions voiced in the poll. Sorority and fraternity houses which have not yet turned in their questionnaires are urged to bring them to the west Union desk today.)
R. E Insley W. E. Smith
Editor-in-Chief Business Manager
Three sources of permanent peace might be listed as:
D. G. Terno Editorial Director G. W. Frederick Managing Editor E. M. Antonini Senior Advertising Manager G Schilling Co-ed Editor R Jenkins Sports Edtior Phones. Editorial, 4005; Business, 5038, Sports, 2792
1. Education: People must be made to realize that other nationalities are the same as themselves—^possessing the same hopes and fears, desires and ambitions. There is no cause for contention between the common people of the world, it is only when they are stirred up by propaganda that mass hatred and mob action occurs.
Published daily except Monday during the academic year Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Delivered by carrier, $3 per academic year; by mail, $3 60 Business office located at 312 N Fifth Street, editorial office. Union Building, sports office. Field House.
2. Free Trade: Tariff is one of the main reasons why some nations are forced to lower standards of living more than others, and embark on imperialistic programs to better their economic conditions. This also enables leaders like Hitler, Stalin, and others, to hold their following, by promising better conditions.
Night Editor Issue Editor Junior Co-ed Editor
DeHoog Ruffner Mary Burtsfield
3. Control of Munition Industries: Government ownership. Even a passing study of the part munition makers played in financing the last war and stirring up dissention and distrust is enough to make this point indisputable.
Another student says: There can be no short route to permanent peace. It can only be brought about by satisfying everybody, and that is impossible in our stage of civilization. Europe under one government, an extremely just and benevolent autocracy would be the most valuable and highly ideal guarantee of world peace. Redistribution of world resources, pruning'in over-populated areas, and education emphasizing humanity rather than nationalism, and glorifying war against Nature’s forces instead of other men, are the slow, but natural steps toward a peaceful civilization.
Use EXPONENT Classified Ads
WBAA
30 Teachers Entail
In History Courses
Today 11:00—History of the West, Prof. Frank Hall 11:60—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks 12:15—Spoits Review 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time 12.46—Monitor Views the News 1:00—Meditations, Rev. E. J Peters 1:16—Melody Time 1:30—Our Wonder World, the Story of the Smithsonian 1:46—Market Reports 2:00—The World We Live In 2:16—June Eller, pianist 2:30—The Bookman 3:00—Music for the Afternoon 3:30—Your Radio Reportei 4:00—Campus Interviews 4:46—Story Book Hour
More than 30 local teachers have enrolled in the two new history courses being given this fall at the Uniyersity on Wednesday and Thuisday nights under the direction of Profs. Charles B. Murphy and Frank R. Hall. The fiist course, on Wednesdays and under Professor Murphy, is entitled “The History of the South.” Professor Hall’s course scheduled for Thursday is entitled “The Histoiy of the West.”
Although regular class work begins this week, late arrivals may yet legister. Regular fees of $10 are charged for each course as both are being given for University credit.
—LAST TIMES TODAY—
THIS ABOVE ALL iS BETTE’S BEST
Starts TOMORROW
WORLD'S MOST DANGEROUS JOB!
JOELMcCREA
mOA MARSHALL mimm MSENTi
lEFFREV LYNN ■ GEOlieE BANCROn
Must be that the student body has gone movie crazy—or is it just the idea of getting something for nothing. Anyway, my little laddies and lasses, we will give away another DOUBLE MARS PASS this week for the best CONTRIBUTION. B & B
No, COMRADES! It is not a Russian exchange student — it is only Art. Keppler, a senior, who does not believe in doing things only halfway. (Mustache only.) "" B & B Editor, B & B, Dear Sir: Perhaps someone will appreciate this contribution—there is a five to one ratio on the campus. “I don’t hold hands with boys_ Or neck, ’Cause I’m a boy myself. By heck. —Dad Gummit Do you think Mars is the ascendant? Here’s hoping, Bryan Husted Cary Hall B & B Just a Few 1. A girl will go to any length to keep a boyfriend—except an arm’s length. 2. Some co-eds are like putty in a strong ed’s hand—hard to get off, 3. An old-fashioned girl is not only as cool as a cucumber, but she’s usually as green. 4. When a girl uses kisses as a weapon, you could say she is armed to the teeth. 5. If a co-ed is interested in the love angle, she may get a fellow cornered. 6. Most girls like indoor SPORTS, but they want them to step out once in awhile. B & B
Alpha Xi: “Just what do you mean; I’m a girl of a few words?” SAE: “All you say is STOP, DON’T, and NO.” B & B Kappa Sig: “You say that Kappa only partially returned your affection?” Second Bro.: “Yes, she returned
Tawny tones of autumn ,.. golden grain ripe for harvest ... rich hrowns and rusts of frost-flecked leaves. Pioneer has captured them in these belts for the new season. You’ll like their mellow colorings and smart good looks.
$
1
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lkhty
? fi
“I wish you’d talk to the landlord about those people next door—^they argue all day long in some language I can’t understand!”
all the love letters, but kept the ring.” B & B
Dear B & B: , We wish to announce a sad state of affairs existing between SAE pledge J. Arthur Edwards, ME ’41, and that superior women (15 year old Jeff student) Freeman. For further details see J. Arthur. —His Loving Friends, —Rat Racers INc.
B & B
A sensible looking girl is not so sensible as she looks, because a sensible girl has more sense than to look sensible.—Pa.
B & B
We are still trying to find out why two freshman co-eds (one from Memphis, Tenn., and the other whose initials are Virginia Leude^ man) had to walk home from ’way out somewhere last Saturday nite
Mebbe we should ask THEM, huh? —Confuseus B & B The Extremes of Courtship Homesickness (?) has already taken its toll of the lads from Cary Hall who are now staying in the Union. Two of the lads from room 237 spent the week end in Chicago; one spending the tidy sum of FORTY-ONE DOLLARS, while the other lavished on the grand total of TWENTY-ONE CENTS. What is this thing called love. I’m sorry for Myself, Geo. Koskinas, 237 P.M.U. B & B FAMOUS LAST LINES: I’d like to get hold of the guy who wrote that—we hope they don’t.
LmA
LAST DAY —
LIONEL BARRYMORE — IN — 'ON BORROWED TIME'
—ALSO —
STUART ERWIN — IN — 'IT COULD HAPPEN TO YOU'
THURS. - FRI. - SAT.
WILIAM BOYD — AS — HOPALONG CASSIDY — IN —
'RANGE WAR' —ALSO —
JEAN ROGERS — IN — 'STOP—LOOK AND LOVE'
20c to 6:00 After 6:00—10-20-25C
— LAST DAY —
GINGER
DOUGLAS EAliUiAlli^i
—AND—
WILLIAM BOYD — IN —
'PRIDE OF THE WEST'
ALSO 'FLYING G-MEN " SERIAL
—LAST TIMES TODAY
TOMORROW-FRIDAY U*'
— WITH — JOHNNY DOWNS MARY CARLISLE
kiAii!
—TODAY— 2 FIRST RUN HITS!
luRgli-lrapptf pinel Roaifu advDiiturel Romancel TbiUlu
PLUS
THE HEADLEY'S AT HOME —with— EVELYN VENABLE GRANT MITCHELL
STARTS TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS
mma ^
I LEO CARRILLO • 11M .BKO IfiOLT.SIEFnOUIIA 5^
PLUS
TAILSPIN TOMMY — IN — SKY PATROL — with — JOHN TRENT MARJORIE REYNOLDS JACKIE COOGAN
. - . -
JWednesday. September 27, 1939
£xfwmnt SpoJdA
k 1
r
Layden Prepares Irish For Saturday's Battle I By Stewart Marquis Elmer Layden is worried! Faced with the tough problem of having to whip together a team to meet the Boilermakers this Saturday, Elmer discovers that he has only 18 lettermen returning and only 75 other squad members to make up his reserve teams. To any other coach in the country such wealth of material would be a blessing.
In all serioushess, however, the Irish mentor is in a tough situation. Notre Dame teams and coaches are always in the national sportlight, and a defeat is a calamity to the Irish. With such a mob of athletes swarming over the practice field each day, it is almost impossible for the coaching corps to discover what they can do in competition, since it isn’t possible to try out more than 20 or 30 boys per game. Elmer says frankly, “We have lots of good boys, but I'm not going to know how they look against a Notre Dame, schedule until they play that schedule.” Strong Backfield Looking over the pre-season dope on the Fightin’ Irish, we can say frankly that Notre Dame is very strong m the backfield and questionable in the line. Layden has four great left halfbacks—^Bob Saggau, Ben Shefidan, Harry Stevenson, and Bill McGannon. Steve Sitko is an outstanding performer at quarterback and is backed up by Walt O'Meara. Joe Thesing and Milt Piepul can hold down the fullback post to perfection. In veteran Lou Zontini, Layden has a right halfback who will be much in evidence this season. Zontini will be spelled by Bernie Cummins and Mike Corgan. Obviously the Irish problem is not backfield material. It is the line which must be developed if the South Bend team/is to repeat last year’s success. Line Coach Joe Boland is bemoaning the loss of Bein-
or, McGoldrick, Brown, and Longhi from the forward wall. Captain John Kelly is the only regular lineman from last season. Six Veterans However, six of Boland’s present favorites for the first string line are graduates of last season’s second string, which means they are seasoned veterans. For the end posts, 'the Irish have Bill Kerr, George Eassas, Captain Kelly, and John O’Brien. Tom Gallagher, Jim Brutz, Tad Harvey, and Paul Lillis will carry the brunt of the burden at tackle. Boland prefers Joe De Franco, Pete Kelly, John Gubanich, and Chuck Eiffle for the guard positions. John McIntyre, A1 Mooney, and Bob Osterman will operate at center. More than any other big time coach, Layden believes that a football team is made up of 33 men, two-thirds of whom sit on the bench one-third of the time. He believes that toil and cooperation are basic fundamentals for success on the gridiron. Individual blocking is Notre Dame’s offensive. Whether it be the end blocking out the defensive tackle or the fullback on the defensive half, individual as well as team perfection is the factor that has made Notre Dame the center of national grid acclaim. Subscribe to THE EXPONENT
len you talk about Style, brotber
C •/ / czymUe L
$21-50 up
500 MAIN ST. ,1 MTTiri ^ CLOTHES SHOP INC.
^ioMoh’A. QhobjL By Robert J. Deckard
Boy, how we love it! With the spirit of that grand and glorious football sport hovering over this monumental institution of learning, Spots Emrick’s crack band outfit giving its crack rendition of “Hail, Purdue,” and the “Notre Dame Victory March” every afternoon in the vicinity of RossAde Stadium, and the Boilermaker football squad going through its practice sessions daily back of the Fieldhouse, it proves to be nothing short of exhilirating! —^fc— Everybody has lost their heads, with all of this spirit, excitement, etc., yet there are several Boilermaker boosters who have retained at least some degree of sanity. One of these is Fred Baase, ME ’39, Chicago, who sent us an article written by Marvin McCarthy, sports editor of the Chicago Daily Times. —^fc— McCarthy, who has more interest in Purdue football than a canine has disinterest in fleas, writes that “the Boilermakers are out in the open with admitted gunning for the Notre Dame Irish.” —fc— “Mai Elward ... is that kind of a coach,” McCarthy continues. “He scorns camouflage and subtlety. When he thinks he has a fair chance of winning, just ask him and he’ll say so. He I refuses to belittle, for purposes of so-called strategy, a team that deserves the chief’s confidence and encouragement. —^fc— “This would seem to be first class psychology. Purdue elevens always are sold on the belief they CAN win, and there’s no better commentary than this: they usually do.” —^fc— Never a finer word could be uttered for the Riveter grid contingent and Elward, and McCarthy receives our indorsement as a man who speaks the truth.
Follow Your ‘EXPONENT OF THE AIR’ WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
Let Its Help WIN ROYAL’S SIMPLE, EASY qo,ooo FOR NAMES CONTEST
1. Stop in. 2. Get your Free Authorized Contest Entry Blanks. Ask us any questions you wish. Contest closes October 17th so don’t delay—see us today. Someone is going towin $2,500 cash or one of the 150 other awards. W/by not you?
New ROYAL PORTABLE •ivwfc—
DECKER'S 518-520 Main St. Phone 6477
Elward Drills Passers For Irish Tilt Reserve Gridders R"etefGri</menroi/rhroug/i
Play Night Game O*
■ ^ ^ TT'otriTtn*-full tt/TtroTi+o np£k r\-F -xjrmn-FVi aw 4'lnn-\
At Illinois Friday
Under the floodlights at Champaign Friday night the Boilermaker “B” team will officially inaugurate Purdue’s 1939 football season against the Illini reserves. Arranged by Noble Kizer, head of the physical education department, the Gold and Black “B” squad will play a schedule of five games, three at home as an added attraction to Riv-’ eter football fans. As yet Coach “Mai” Elward has made no plans as to the lineup of the reserve team, but probably those not making the Notre Dame trip with the varsity team will go Illinois under Elmer Burnham’s suupervision. A schedule of minor grid attractions follows: September 29—Purdue at Illinois (night game). October 7—^Freshmen vs. Varsity, 2 p. m. October 13—St. Joseph College at Purdue, 7:30 p. m. October 21—Purdue at Northwestern, 10 a. m. ' November 11—Ohio State at Purdue, 1:30 p. m. November 12—Notre Dame at Purdue, 1:30 p. m.
Greek Golfers Play In Inler-Frafernity Tournament Today Greek golfers will demonstrate their skill on the public golf course today and tomorrow after -1 p. m. Eighteen holes may be played either day, or nine may be played each
day.
Three men from each fraternity competing are to make up a team. Eight teams with the lowest aggregate scores will enter the finals which are to be played as straight elimination. The victorious fraternity will be awarded with a trophy; medals will go to the members of the winning team and the runners-
up.
Tickets may be obtained at the
Intramural office. Score sheets must be signed by your opponent and turned in at the end of the match
to the golf course manager.
Exponent Starts Grid Forecast Today we spring forth with the first week’s football schedule. On each Tuesday from now on for the remainder of the gridiron season we will publish a list of 20 important games for the coming week-end. We invite all readers to make their own guesses and place them in the Exponent box at the west desk of the Union or mail them in. In either case they should be addressed to Sports Editor, Purdue Exponent. Each Saturday morning the sports editor will print his guesses on the same score of games. Readers who think that they know more about football than the sports editor will then have their chance to show him up. All entries must be dropped into the box or postmarked by midnight Friday of each week
How To Guess
Games chosen will include Big Ten contests, a few state teams, and leading national games, so that there 'w^l be some reason for the readers to know the teams in question. There is a blank by each team scheduled. The predicted score for that team can be placed there or the guesses can be made on another piece of
paper.
No prizes will be offered for star guessers. However, on the following Tuesday a comparison of the best guessers will be made. As this is the first year that Exponent has guessed with its readers, no year-by-year review can be made, but as the weeks progress, some kind of judgment can be passed, so it’s up to readers to do the guessing and see who knows the most about it. Here they are ... today’s scores: UCLA Texas Christian
NOT TOO LATE ENROLL IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS WED., SEPT. 27, 7:00 p.m. ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNERS, WED., SEPT. 27 ADVANCED, THURS., SEPT. 28 6:30 P. M. ALLEN’S 6th and Feirry
NEW VICTOR RECORDS On Sale This Week
• 26353 And the Angels Sing (A Musical Caricature) Star Dust Alec Templeton • 26354 Satan in Satin—F. T. Golden Bantam—F. T. Larry Clinton and his Orchestra • ■26355 Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea— F. T. (V. R.) I've Found a New Baby— F. T. Bob Zurke and his Delta Rhythm Band • 26356 All in Favor «f Swing Say "Aye" Stop Kicking My Heart Around—F. T. (V. R.) Tommy Dorsey and His Orchestra • 26357 Ding-Dong! The Witch Is Dead—F. T. (V. R.) If I Were King of the Forest—F. T. (V. R.) Gray Gordon and his Tic-Toc Rhythm ’i‘ $wing Classic.
The Foster Shop Authorized Dealer* RCA - VICTROLAS - VICTOR RECORDS East Side Square
Taking full advantage of the first bit of football weather that has yet descended on the Boilermaker camp, the Gold and Black grid forces yesterday toiled through a long and strenuous afternoon of dummy scrimmage and forward pass offense. Flipping the pigskin almost en-
tirely from a short punt formation, the Riveter backs and wingmen continued to perfect the Boileimaker aerial attack. With Brock, Brown, Byelene, Galvin, and Montague doing the tossing, and an assortment of ends and backs on the receiving end of the ledger, any doubts about the efficiency of Purdue’s passing attack were quickly
dispelled.
Dummy Scrimmage Dummy scrimmage and ball handling were also emphasized as almost the entire squad went through a series of long and tedious ball handling and blocking drills. Linemen continued to work on blocking assignments as the backfields spent the afternoon on passing and the execution of plays. Gene McHwain, junior end who has been shifted to right halfback because of minor injuries to Lou Brock, and Jim Welsh showed up well in the backfield drills. Along with Mike Byelene, Mcllwain. is expected to make up any deficiency that Brock and Welsh’s injuries might cabse in Saturday’s encounter with Notre Dame. Irish Ahead In Series Saturday’s game, generally recognized as the nation’s outstanding early season encounter, will bring the Boilermakers and Notre Dame together for the sixteenth time. At present the Irish have emerged victorious in 10 of those battles with the Riveters coming out on top only
four times.
In the last encounter between the two teams in 1934, the South Bend boys came back from a ’33 licking at the hands of Purdue, to defeat the Boilermakers 18-7. It was Elmer Layden’s first year as the Irish
coach.
Rachel Schenk To Give Play Review At AAUW Meeting Rachel Schenk will give a play review tonight at 7:30 at the monthly meeting of the recent graduate group of the American Association of University Women in the faculty lounge of the Union. There will be a short business meeting after which there will be a short program of entertainment. Regular monthly business will be taken care of and Rachel Schenk’s review will close the program. /-M Schedules FRATERNITY GOIiP Today and Tomorrow Phi Kappa Psi vs. Acacia. Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Chi Rho.. Sigma Chi vs. Theta Tau. Phi Kappa Tau vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Sigma Nu vs. Triangle. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Kappa. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Theta Xi. Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Delta Chi. Sigma Pi vs. Theta Chi. Kappa Delta Rho vs. Alpha Kappa Lambcb Kappa Sigma vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Delta Theta. Beta Theta Pi vs. Delta Upsilon. SOFTBALL—Today
Diamond
1— HI vs. H2. 2— A1 vs. A2. 3— B1 vs. B2. 4— Cl vs. C2. B—D1 vs. D2. 6— El vs. E2. 7— ^F1 vs. F2. 8— SI vs, S2. 9— H3 vs. H4. 11— B3 vs. B4. 12— C8 vs. C4. 13— D3 vs. D4. 14— E3 vs. E4. 16—F3 vs. F4. 16—S3 vs. S4.
Tulane Clemson Rice Vanderbilt Texas A. & M.\.. Centennary. St. Mary’s Gonzaga So. Calif Oregon Stanford Oregon St Utah Santa Clara Washington Pittsburgh... Butler Ohio U Chicago Beloit Illinois Bradley Indiana Nebraska Iowa S. Dakota Michigan St Wasnie Minnesota Arizona Olkahoma S. Methodist... Wisconsin Marquette ... Tennessee N. Car. So. ... Purdue Notte Dame
TENNIS—Today
5:15
Stettner^ys. Baughman or Karnisky. Lush vs. Matson or Kirk. Smithson vs. Conners. Blue vs. Disher. Richards vs. Gus Armstrong. Schalliol vs. Archibald or Crutchfield. Mees vs. Shaw or Ulrich. Bryan vs. Osborne.
Freehmen
Shafer vs. Hensey. Willey vs. Nelson.
PURDUE — NOTRE DAME FOOTBALL EXCURSION ^2*1® Round Trip Leave West Lafayette Union Bldg, at 9:30 A. M. Sept. 30 Leave Notre Stadium After Game Reservations Close 6 P. M. Friday Phone 2105
k. ..^
'sPis3#?t#
I^H
'iJ:': S' -' ■ '■
'!‘<W!
:K-.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, September 27, 1939
Ife?;
W .
WAA News
Today begins the official opening of the W A A mixed doubles and singles tennis tournaments. The mixed doubles tournaments are the first of their kind to be held on the campus. All co-eds are limited to participation in one tournament only. Di’awing for the tournaments were made yesterday. The preliminary matches should be played as soon as possible in order to permit an early finish. The tournaments are under the direction of Mary Mather.
day morning at the WAA cabin, to purchase a wall plaque upon which the names of all the girls who have earned WAA skins, the highest athletic honor that can be bestowed upon a senior woman, will be placed.
NOTICES
Exponent Workers: .Schedule for Wednesday night as as follows; McKee, nigh.t editor; Sidwell, issue editor; Jenkins and' Kennedy, proof; Lannon and Smith, workers ; Heiple, stooge. .—FRED.
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting Thursday, September 28, at 4 p. m. in YWCA office in Women’s Lounge. —COOLEY.
Beginning this week hockey practice for freshmen and juniors in WAA will be held on Wednesday and Friday nights^ i, with hockey practice for sophomores and seniors on Tuesday and Thursday nights. Archery practice will be held under the direction of Miss Marjorie Case on the green in front of the Executive building every Monday and Thursday at 4 o’clock. Campcraft and fencing classes for all members are scheduled for Monday at 4 p. m. —^tvaa— WAA is holding a membership drive this week for freshmen, transfers, and upper classmen. Memberships will be sold in the residence halls every night this week with ward chairmen being in charge of the membership sales in their respective wards. The yearly dues for WAA are $1. —waa—
Glee Club: Be sure to have passports with you tonight at Glee Club rehearsal. —COCHRUN.
Flying Club: Very important meeting. All class A members and others wanting to purchase shares immediately come to ballroom Wednesday, September 27, at 7
—KIMBALL.
Battery F-4, Freshman Softball: Scheduled game Wednesday, September 27, at 4 p. m. Battery F-4 vs. Battery F-3 on diamond 15. —RIFENBURGH.
POMM: Meeting of POMM previously announced for Wednesday, September 27, art 4 ■p. m, postponed to 4 p. m. Thursday, September 28, in room 103, Armory. —THOMPSON.
Orchestra Members: Orchestra rehearsal scheduled for Thursday, September 28, at 7 p. ih., has been cancelled because of pep
session.
-RAGAINS.
Debris Photo Staff : Meeting Wednesday, September 27, in the Debris office at 4 p. m. All members are requested to be there. Important. —DYER.
Sophomore Union Workers: Our committees meet in the Personnel Office in the Administration building any time after 1 p. m. for addressing Dad’s Day News. (9-29) —BENNETT, HOFFER.
The Purdue Sportswomen, honorary organization for WAA members who have earned “P” monograms, decided at an 8:00 o’clock breakfast, which was held last Sun-
USE EXPONENT CLASSIFIED ADS
O. K. CAFE
A Good Place to Eat* 134 Vine St.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Why Buy - - We Supply LINENS
46
On a Rental Basis
99
You Ring - - We Bring
Phone 2000 for Service
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Dairy Product’s
M. E. MOREHOUSE DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Dine
EAT FRED'S EAT SHOP
127 VINE
• School Supplies
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware
Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Beauty Studio
POWDER PUFF BEAUTY SHOP
Phone 4469
113 Vine
Battery C-1 Freshmen: Softball game Wednesday, September 27, at 4:16 p. m. Diamond 4. —WORKMAN.
Battery H-3: Softball game September ,27’ at 4 :15 p. m. on diamond 9. —OLSON,
Fraternity House Managers: There ■will be a meeting of the frat house managers at the Phi Kappa Psi house Thursday, September 28, !at 7 p. m. —COCHRAN.
Principal speakers will be Professor Wiley and Professor Ellis. Professor Ellis will speak in connection with his work this, summer as cnosultant for the Chicago subways. —McC AMMON.
Battery D-2: Softball game at 4:16 p. m. September 27. Diamond 5. —STRADLING.
Silver Mask: There will be a meeting at 7:30 in room C of the Union on Wednesday, September 27. All members please attend. —NEPTUNE.
POMMi All members of Purdue Order of Military Merit will meet in room 108 of the Armory at 4 p. m. Wednesday, September 27. Election of officers will be held. —THOMPSON.
Classified Ads
Agricultural Education Society: Meeting and smoker Thursday, September 28, postponed because of the pep session. —BREWER.
WAA Members: Archery practice on green in front of Executive building at 4 p. m. on Mondays and Thursdays. —CASE.
Alpha Phi Omega; Short but important meeting Wednesday afternoon, September 27, at 4 o’clock in room P of the Union. All members please be present. —McCAMMON.
Ward Athletic Managers; Important meeting in room 104 of the Fieldhouse, Wednesday, September 27, at 4 p. ‘m. —SCHRADER.
rooms for rent ^ ROOMS—Two singles, one double. $9,00 and $12.00. 11714 East Oak. 8789.
LOST AND FOUND
Purdue Outing Club: Open meeting Monday, October 2, at B :80 p. m. in front of Memorial Gym. There will be a small .charge for the supper which will be held at WAA cabin. Those wishing to go call Marjorie Ward, 41111 or George Shawkins, 66714 before Saturday evening. All interested in hiking are invited to attend. —WARD.
Metallurgical Engineers: There will be a free AIME smoker in the Reception room of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. Thursday, September 28. All Mets are urged to attend this first get-together. —BECKER.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting will be held Wednesday, September 27, at 7:15 p. m. in room A of the Union. —SICKMAN.
lost—Dalaker and Hartig the Calculus ,—in Armory—Reward. Harold Edwin Cook.
248 Cary HaU West.
WAA Tennis: First round of singles and mixed doubles tournament must be played by 6 p. m. Wednesday, September 27. Tournament schedule is posted in Women’s Gym. . —MATHER. ■
Gimlet: Meeting at 7 p. m. Wednesday, September 27, at Sigma Nu fraternity. Important. —FRAZEE.
FOTR SALE
Union Sophomores: Will my committee please meet in the Union office at 4 p. m. Wednesday, September 27. —WOODS.
Scabbard and Blade: Meeting Wednesday, September 27. at 7:30 in room F of the Union. —OLSON.
Reamer Pledge Committee: Meeting Wednesday, September 27, at 7 p. m. in PIA office. Meeting Thursday, September 28, at 7 p. m. in the same place. —KROEPLIN.
Sophomore Union Workers: Will my staff please meet me in the Puttering Room Wednesday, September 27. Also anyone else interested in carpentry and building. —CLARKE.
Swimmers: There will be a reception for all men interested in swimming and water polo teams Friday, September 29, at 7:80 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. Upperclassmen and freshmen are urged to atten^. Swimming talks, movies and refreshments will be in order. All wishing 'to attend sign lists at Union desk or swimming pool office by Wednesday evening. —HARRIS.
FOR SALE—Harley-Davidson 74_JD motorcycle completely rebuilt, new tires and battery, no dents, epill bars, new paint, saddle-bags, sheepskin seat, all latest model parts and equipment, special lights. Must sacrifice for $60.00 immediately. Russ McOrea, 103 University St. Phone 7026.
FOR SALE—’28 Harley-Davidson single cylinder motorcycle. Must sell. $40.00 460 N. Grant.
FOR SALE — Harley-Davidson ’85-^74 saddle bag, wheel straps, good condition, $210. 229 Fowler Ave., phone 51168.
Independent Staff: Will meet in the PIA office at 4:30 p. m. for short meeting and assignments. Important. —ARCHIBALD.
A. S. C. E.: First meeting will be held Thursday, September 28, at 7:30 p. m. in room 201 of the Civil Engineering Building.
Exponent Workers: The following sophomores are to work as hereby assigned: Lynn, Monday; Pickett, Tuesday; Lannon and Noyey, Wednesday: Mezger, Thursday; Carpenter and Bollwinkel, Friday; and Purcell, Saturday. —FRED
MISCELLANEOUS TYPEWRITERS—^All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 60S Main Street.
Bowling: All men Interested in forming a bowling league meet in room C of the Union Tuesday, October 3, at 4 p. m. Election of officers and formation of teams will take place. —STUCKEY.
Playshop: Petitions for positions as crew heads for “Brother Rat” are now available. Students applying for championships must have a 3.6 average and be members of Playshop. Crew heads are needed for the following departments: stage, art, properties, lights, costumes, and make-up. (9-27) —HINRICKS.
WAA: Golf callouts Wednesday, September 27, at 4 p. m. —RILEY.
Gimlet Members; Have limited number of football tickets. Act now and pay on line. (9-29) —PERRINJ
These Are BUSY FALL DAYS for Mother. Leave her a little time for just recreation! She Needs It Sadly! Send your laundry to the American. You Will Like Our Work. Phone NOW for Pick-Up.
Phone 3085
American Laundry
132 Vine St.
nm
^mo m
DOfr ASK QUESTIONS
J.P.MARaM
AUTHOR OF “WICKFORD POINT”
A young American couple board a cruise boat for South America . . . and suddenly find themselves swept into a grim international intrigue. Why should someone try to murder these two innocent Americans? Why should secret agents for Germany and Japan attempt to prevent them from reaching the tropical country of Chica? Here’s an exciting adventure in seven swift installments, another top-notch Post serial, by a Pulitzer Prize author whose last two novels have headed best-seller lists.
Also in this issm .
WHEN STALIN COUNTERFEITED DOLLARS THE CROSLEY TOUCH--AND GO!
. ..a FTia -msin HpJllTld tllC TniQCCt! CHT
Uncovering a $10,000,000 Soviet swindle
By W. G. KRIVITSKY, former General in the Red Army
Meet the man behind the midget car
By FORREST DAVIS
A WIFE FOR MR. MEECHAM And only a few hours to find onel A short story by DAVID LAMSON
COUNTRY STOREKEEPER
But he does a business of $240,000 a year A success story by JESSE RAINSPORD SPRAGUE
NOW IN OCTOBER A short story of big-league baseball By HOLMES ALEXANDER
CRAZY WITH THE HEAT A new story of Bnbe and Uncle Pete and Uittle Joe By R. ROSS ANNBH
BETWEEN TWO FLAGS America’s second-generation Japanese face a dilemma By MAGNER WHITE
THE ROSE About a iricturc they didn't want a Hollywood star for A short story by LOUISE KENNEDY MABII
AND... The concluding installment in Death ... editorials, cartoons ... 92
Rex Stout’s mystery thriller, Double for pages of entertmnment for your luckel.
'"Ski
>