f"' voiuiiiE'Xfcini* =
W... I III .MM. Mi
, LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1986
Conference To Open Here Prominent Men Gather From 4U Points To Speak At Meetings Leaders of Indiana agriculture will gather here next week from Monday until Friday for the annual Farmers’ Week program. As many as 6,000 to 7,000 people are expected to attend part or all of the Agricultural Conference which is said to be “the biggest and best farm conference ever held in the United States^^^^ b^^ ities. Prominent^ Speakers The varnouS Cbi^mittees have enjgaiged many prominent men of the country to speak at the diiferent meetii^s and sessions to be held. Among these outside speakers are €^: J, Willard^j Ohio State Uniye^ sity; J. E, Starkey, state bee ihspectbr, Indianapolis; Prof. M. L. Mosher, university of Illinois; H. C. Merritt, AUis-Chalmers Company, Milwaukee; E. O. Pollock, U. S. department of agriculture; Washihgton, D. C.; Dean W, C Coffey, of U. of Minnesota; and many other men from other loCBilities. Tuesday evening will again be dubbed “stunt night” in the Jefferson high school gymnasium. A ten cent admission will be charged to cover the cost of prizes that Will be awarded, and outside of the session, there will be no charge to any other of the meetings. The program is qui^ complete and the committee in charge will be ready to place the biggest and best program ever held here before the farm people of Indiana when the annual meeting opens next week.
Engines Rout Blaze In Auto
Johnson To Discuss
Soybean ^Problems
Screeching fire engines responded to a hurried call from the Home Ec Building yesterday morning but student hopes were giveii a severe setbapk when it was found that the blaze was limited to an auto only, and to overflowing alcohol from the radiator at that. Mrs. Wiley, wife of Prof. R. B. Wiley, of the civil engineering school and owner of the car, described the damage to the car as “slight”.
Farmers
County Agents Will Or^ ganize Voluntary Crop Control Program Leon Todd, of the University extension department, has been chosen by the National County Agents Association to address a meeting of the tarmers of the state in Indianapolis. Todd will explain the voluntary agreement pilan which is to be substituted for the recently invalidated AAA. - The meeting is being held for the purpose Of organizing the agriculturists under voluntary agreements devoid of benefit payments but sponsored and directed by government agencies, said Horace E. Abbott, president of the national association. According to a recent report of Dean J. H. Skinner, state extension director, and leader of AAA activity in the State, by September 1, federal payments amounted to $26,700.000 to corn-hog producers; $3,200j0p0 to wheat growers; $218,000 to tobacco growers; and $51,000 to sugar beet producers. In the state last year approximately 66,000 farmers signed Cornhog contracts, while 17,000 wheat growers, 4,800 tobacco growers and 1.000 sugar beet producers signed reduction contracts.
DEBRIS PICTURES Thursday, January 9
8:0(N8;16 Clark, H. F. Stahl, E. R. Schwalih, J. M. 9:80-9:15 Bates, E. W. Baumgartner, C. L. Lee, R. P. 9:15-9:30 Stltz,xKatherine Wilson, Max M. 10:00-10:15 Hershberger, R. Bradbury, A. D. Martin. W. J. 10:1640:30 Baker, W.C. Heiss, E. A. lli0O4i:16 Truitt, G.S.
D. Long Liu.I.L. 11:15-11:30 Cheng, C, C. 1:00:1:16 Thompson, O. J. Kreipke, M. Tod<i,H.P. 1:16-1:30 Pate, C. 8:00-2:16 Shields, O. D. GHirl,H.P. Wagndr, John P. 2:16-2:30 Oondlt,C.W. 3:00-3:16 String® W.T. Chahg. Pi P.
Neibaur Will
For .Women Only The second showing of the threereel motion picture “Venereal Diseases” w;ill be exhibited in Eliza Fowler Hall this afternoon at 4 o’clock for women 6nly, according to an announcement by Dr. S.^J. Miller, director of the Student Health Service. Approximately 2,000 persons attended the initial showing of the picture yesterday afternoon, including all of the freshmen enrolled in military training.
AChS To Hear Dr. Owen Riee
Seattle Orchestra Schedr uled To Syncopate For Blanket Dance Eddie Neibaur and his Seattle harmony team along with a twelvepiece orchestra mil jjfqvide the intisic for the annual Blahket Hop, to be held in the Memorial Union ballroom Friday evening from 9 to i2 o’dbck.
Crop Expert Will Speak vSOn'-Production:''
E. F. Johnson, national anthofity on soybean production and /utilization problems, has been secured to discuss the future possibilities of this crop in Eliza, Fowler Hall next Wednesday afternoon. Mr. Johnson was a pioneer grower of soybeans in Ohib, and has served as president of the Ohio Crop Improvement Association and of the/American Soy-
bean Association.
NoAedCUosiiist^nSpet^ On ^^Chemistry Of ; ; / Free Radicals’’
Conference
NUMBER 74
Registration In Union Building The conference on traffic and safety will open tomorrow
65 Foresters
Admission to the dance will be $1,26 and tickets may be purchased at the Union desk; No compilimehtary tickets will be given.
Now In Chicago
Eddie Neibaur and his orchestra are, at present, playing in the Casino Medarne in Chicago, and broad-
cast every Tuesday, Wednesday NeW Staff Members Tolhs.
and Thursday evenings at 1 a. m. Decorations for the dance will
consist of a huge blanket used as ^ , a back-drop. The dance is supported , was recentby Gimlet, Reamers, Gold Peppers ^ the forestey staff oLthe and Skull and Crescent. University, addressed 66 members
of the Purdue Forestry club last night when the group assembled for its monthly meeting in the Horticulture Building. Van Gamp talked on ‘‘Aerial Photography in For-
est Mapping”.
The hew instructor graduated from the University of Toronto, Canada, in 1922. Following his graduation. Van Camp spent three years as forester in the Canadian Forest Service in southern Alberta, While in this locality, he Was in charge of grazing and game administration, timber scales, and silvicultural research.
As. Home Demonstrators
Elsie Glasgow, Morgan county, and Cecil Armstrong, Decatur county, were recently appqinted home demonstration agents. This makes a total of fifteen agents that have been placed in this service. While more are expected to be appointed within the next month. Miss Glasgow gradhated from the University with the class of 1924, and since haS| been teaching vocational home economics in Portland high school, although she spent three years as 4-H cliib supervisor in Jay county. Miss Armstrong has been vocational home economics teacher at Huntington and while there has achieved recognition as a 4-H lead-
er in her work.
Holds Forester Positions From 1928 to 1932 he was for ester and pathologist at the Do minion Forest Nursery Station at Indian Head, Saskatchewan, Can ada^ Before Van Camp came to the University this semester, he was placed in complete charge of forest nursery at Lansing, Michigan,
Speaking on the subject “Chem-, istry of Free Radicals”, Dr: Fraheis Owen Rice, professor of chemistry at John Hopkins University, will address the University section of the American Chemical Society tomorrow in room 106 of the Ghemistry Building at 7:30 p. m. Dr. Rice was the first chemist to see the implication which experiments of Panoth on the production of free radicals would have on the understanding of reaction ve|bCr ities. During the past few years, his researches have led him to believe that a great many organic reactions proceed through the intermediate formation of free radicals and he has proposed mechanisms which permit quantitative calculations of the products formed in the pyrogenic decomposition of organic compounds. Doctor’s Degree Dr. Rice was educated at the University of Liverpool where he received his degree of doctor of science in 1916. Proni 1916 till the end of the World War, he held important positions in His Majesty’s chemical plants in England. At the end of the war. Dr. Rice came to Princeton University on an 1851 Exhibition Pellowship. From 19i9 to 1926, he was assistant professor of chemistry at New York University. Since then he has been ebnnected with John Hopkins University. Theta Xi Elects Prexy Theta Xi. fraternity announces the election of R. R. Byington for president during the coming semes^ ter. Other officers elected were H. F. Wells and M. D. Johnson.
of Public Safety, Indiana Association of Police Chiefs, and the National Safety Council. Registration will be held in the
Union at 9 o’clock. The program is designed to bring together those agencies most interested in controlling traffic and will outline some of the accepted methods for meeting
these problems.
. ■ "■■•Morning. Session'^ "..V The mbrning session yfill be held in the faculty lounge bf -the Unibii with Donald i^. Stiyer, state safety direetpr, as the main speaker. For the afternoon the cbnference will meet in room 254, of the Electeical Engineering /Building, to which F. M. Kreml, safety expert, will speak on “Accident /Investigatipii-^Hit and Run Drivers”. In the evening, ihotion ^pictures will be shown in the faculty lounge of the Union
at 7:30 b’clock.
Both Friday sessions will be held in the Electrical Engineering Building with adjournmeht after the
afternoon program.
Jefif Gym To Be Scene Of Amusement Contest
. Keen competition is promised in the Rural Amusement contest that is to be staged at the Jefferson high school gymnasium here on Tuesday, January 14, according to James R. Wiley, bf the agricultural extension department, who is in charge of the contest. ' “The special curtain acts division promises to be especially good,” said Wiley. “Twenty-three cbmpeti tors have ehtered; among them Miss Margaret Rickey, of Linden who pleased so well with the reading ‘Willie’ a year ago.” Other en:: trants in this division are Cellestihe Keller, of Kingman, dancing and acrobatics; Harreldean Oren, of Matthews, imitations; W. S. Anderson, of Pine Village; Marjorie Tribby and Evelyn Kemple, of Carthage; the Clay Harmony Home Economies Club of Cdrroll County; and the Home Economics Club of Madison County. (Continued on page 4)
Dr.. Strauss WiU Lecture
Final Marital Talk Wfll
Be Given To Seniors ';, /.■'■ Toinoriow , V
Tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’dbek the last of the marital leetores wiR be given by Dr. Elizabeth K. Strauss, of Cook County Hospital, Chicago, when she addresses senior men on“A Women’s Counsel to Young: Men Coricerning Sex and Marriage”, in the lecture room of the Educational Building. Dr. Sti’auss was voted one of the most popular speakei’s engaged for the series of lectures given last year, and most senior men turned, out to
hear her talk.
This year the students Will be asked to list the speakers that they heard in the order of their popularity, contrary to the plan used in previous years. This plan is being used because of the iheomisteiuy in attendance pf the lectures this year, and in this way the rating can be obtained only on thbse tal^ which were attended.
By Hugh Morris Seventy-two persons, including studehts, faculty, stenographers, and high school students, submitted ballots to the Exponent in the recent poll conducted by this paper on national atfairs. Of these 72 persons, 49 "were students enrolled in the University and 16 were faculty members. More than one hundred ballots were turned in altogether but many of them were obvious duplications received from persons submitting more than one ballot. Eight of the final 72 were from women whose ages ranged from 19 to 45 years, while the remaining 64 ballots were received from men between the ages of 14 and 70 years. Two Favor Communism Although none of the ballots indicated a Fascist dictatorship as the most effectual means to security for the United States, two persons, one a senior in the Science school, age 28, and the other a Graduate student, age 26, signified that a Communist dictatorship would be feasible. Fifty-seven of the voters believe that the mattufacture and saile of armaments for private profit should be prohibited by international agreement. Fifty persons believe that foreign investments should pip^t be protected by the Army and llavyi ^../' . ^ ' ■ ^'' ■
Eleven Refuse to Fight Four faculty members and seven students signified that it was not tfieir duty to participate in any war the government may declare, at home or abroad, offensive or defensive. 17 voters believe it is their duty to participate in any war the government may declare, while 4? believe they should fight defensive
wars only on their own soil. Ten students, four faculty members and three Others indicated that the League of "Nations had proyed ineffectual and should be scrapped. Twenty ballots signified that war is inevitable under capitalism, while seventeen were doubtful. Membership in the World Court was vetoed by a vote of 36 to 21.
Results
The manufacture and sale of armaments for private profit should be prohibited by international agreeffient.............. An effective world organization to control international, social^ political and economic relationships: (a) Is it (b) It is necessary for the maintenance of world peace 1 The League of Nations has proved ineffectual and should be scrapped......:.....— The nation must always remain the ultimate piolitical uhit Foreign investments shoold be protected by the Army and War is inevitabie linder capitalism..., It is my duty to: (a) Participate in any war the goverhment may declare (b) Participate only in defensive war on our oWn soil. (c) To refuse to participate in any war whatsoever.......— The most effectual meai^is to seem-ity for the /United States at the present time lie in: (a) an Army a»d Navy second to none (b) Compulsory military traihiBg for all able-bbdied men (c) Gpihpulsory military trainiiig in cplleges and univer(d) l&dlation and ecpnpmic self i S) Fascist diptatorship.:...:.... f ) Cpinmunist dietotorship.. ig) Pemoci;atic political proCfesses 'wfith capitalistic eco* Hpjidc organization fts w^l^plfel dm
DoubtYes No ful 67 8 7
27 22 23 42 18 12 17 39 16 31 22 19 12 60 10 20 35 17 17 44 11 42 19 11 11 46 16
81 31 10 14 45 13 2a 34 10 18 38 16 66 6 8 ^4 8 84 28 20 48 7 28 u m is
Compulsory military training in colleges and universities was vetoed by a vote of 34 to 28. Nine of the 34 votes were from faculty members and one was from the wife of a member of the faculty. Twenty-four students signified that they were against compulsory military training as the most effectual means to security for America. Fourteen pertons voted for compulsory military training for all able-bodied men, all but one, a high school boy, age 14, were students in the University: /Many Add Own Comments A few of the ballots received had additions to various questions penciled in the margins, and comments written on the reverse side. One sophomore in the school of mechanical engineering adds, “World peace is an impossible condition.” He also adds that an Army, Navy and Air Force second to none are the best, means to security. One of the faculty of the EE school adds that the most effectual means to security lie in ‘%eaty strength,” An EE senior, age 81, adds this epmment to his hallpt, “my ideal is a nation of natioiilj^ istic ratoer than internaUoi^istoc makeup, in political structure like the U: S. This woifld probably bave to be set up by force of armn, and in my opinion is impossible of achieymnpnt ait the prea^
Of Tptevisi&n
TelevisiPn as a practicable means of home entertainment in the hear future in the United States is not expected by Dr. Orestes H. Caldwell, of New York City, former United States Radio Commissioner and now the editor of Radio Today, and ’08 E. E. of Purdue who believes that it will be at least several years before television will change from a laboratbry experiment to an everyday reality. This is not because television itself is impracticable. Dr. Caldwell considers the laboratory results on sci’eens eight or ten inches across as already perfect enough for use^ conclusion, however, with which not all radio engineers agree. The chief television obstacles which Dr. Caldwell sees are those of getting the program from the transmitter to the receiver throughi the air or over wires. Good toleYision needs what radio engineers call a wide band of frequencies, hundreds or thqu&ands of Rmcswider that the wave-length bamfe used for ordinary ra^io. This means that television must use the new ultra-short waves, which move more or less in the same way as light waves. A television program broadcast, for example, frdm the Empire Stato Building in New York City is es^* timated by Dr. Caldwell to have a range of only about 30 miles. cover the whole United States vdtli television would require impossible expense for thousands ofiradld Stotions or else for uhdergtound teR^ plwne Cables of new and spwjia^"^ tsrpes which are almost equfdlY pensive. WQHains Continuing the montiily pre* grato^ of Th^ Phi, G: Eh l!7illiaims, the departmeat ef English, will speak on “Photography in the Theatre”. The meeting will he held in the reception room of the Union tonight at 7:30. The next monthly meeting will he afiM^sed
“E^nch Ehema*^.Ill I 'll, ^
itil
in ^ ms' i\s V' ■If
Sports Editor..
iUsociate Sports Editors.. Sophomore Assistants..
i....w..........-...„..._... .H. V. Heuseir
: ,;....;..;..i..............O. H.
..A, M. Chasteen, C. M. Hardin, W. T. Hunt, B. H. Morris, M. G. Walther
E. Hays
..H. F. MuU, R. H. Walpofe, X. D, Wood
y A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, R. X. Gribb, A. H. Forster, C. Harper, Jr., M. Kohr, R. P. Manion, X.' M. Meacham, C. L. Sadler
G. P. Roquemore, R. C. Schenck, J. X VonHarz
Bold and Black Editor....—...... ...........i ..^.:..... -W. R. Abbott
■ ■ ^ ^ " ■ ■ ■ BUSINESS STAFF ■ , ■
..W. A. Koch ..H. F. Antonihi
..L. H. Brown, Hi. Creek, D. 0. Miller R. J. Hulse ..J. G. Girard, G- R* Shields
Business Manageir.. Advertising Manager.. Advertising .Assistants.. Circulation Manager... Circulation Assistants..
Editor..
Associate Editors.. Advertising Manager.-...
WOMEN’S STAFF . i.......... Joyce Williams ..Helen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann ..Josephine Perkins
Wednesday, January 8, 1936.
Issue Editor—R. P. Manion.
Relief Troubles It has been charged time and again that persons on relief, whether forced to work or not, prefer their regular relief checks to the uncertainties of private employment. Ckincrete evidence to support this contention is now forthcoming from New York, and it is the WPA administrator who admits this sad situation, not a Republican or a member of the Liberty League. Victor F- Ridder, WPA official in New Yorlc, last week released a report by Major Wilfred E. Boughton, head of the WPA Industrial Re-employment Bureau, which states, “The most important question in the minds of these men (skilled tradesmen) seems to be whether or not they would be as well off if they were to accept private employment as they would be to remain on the WPA. The majority of them feel that they are assured of at least $90 a month on WPA and are free to take outside work during their free time, so that they will block any attempt we make to place them in private industry.” Much criticism was heaped upon the New Deal when the wage scales for WPA were announced, and later developments, characterized by the above statement, seein to bear out that these critics were at least partially correct. The advantages of being on relief as it is conducted today, are numerous, and an impartial person cannot deny that those who refuse to accept private employment are not always “just lazy,” but more often can make more money by staying on relief rolls and doing odd jobs at the same time. If the present policies are continued without modification, it seems likely that a class of “permanently unemployed,” but employable, people will result, who will be at the bottom of the social ladder, but not the financial. Incidents in which privately employed men have quit their work to go on relief are hmnerous, and they will probably increase unless the proper steps are taken in the near future. On the other hand, the present administration must not be too severely censured. There was an immense task in relief, and those in charge solved it as best they could. That flaws in the programs are apparent is no reason to believe that the entire program is based upon incorrect principles or that conditions may not be remedied by amending the present methods of earing for indigents.—W. T. H.
Columnist Paul Mallon recently told of discovering a clever man. This man, according to Mallon, figured out that it would be worth $10,000 to him to have Roosevelt defeated in the coming elections. So he gave $5,000 to the Republican campai^ fund and with the remainder he placed a $5,000 bet on F.D.R.
l?here ; Aomeis;^ tale of the yohiig inan Who Took his bride to the Keirttieky D thereby t0 put on atittle dog^iTheir total expenses for the day (not counting food or lodging, but iui. eluding a thumbiiail bet or twro) totaled forty dollars. They stood feonv one to five-thirty o’clock in a steady rain (which transfprmed Ms new seven-fifty “Dobbs” into a wet pulp). .They withstood a ram-jana-elbbwing crowd and even worked themselves over toward the track. The young man even will swear that they heard the thunder of horses’ hoofs. But he also swears because during the entire day they didn’t once see a horse! Conversation between Rivets and his “Old Man.’^ Dad—Back in the good old days when I was a student in the University-— Rivets—Those were the days. Dad—-Yeah, those days are gone forever. Well, I recall when William Jennings Bryan came to town to make a^ political speech. I had the honor of being one of the students who pulled his carriage. Rivets—Was that an honor ? Dad—It certainly was an honor. But Bryan didn’t think so. Rivets—How come ? Dad—^He jumped out when we passed the grandstand. Rivets—Passed the grandstand? Dad—Sure, we were headed for the river! Rivets—^YoU surprise me! A staid, old business man like you. Dad—-My boy, those were the days. ■ ' ♦ ■ DC Tests of self discipline: Eat a tangerine and ignore the ravelings. Walk through the first-floor hall of Stanley Coulter and pay no attention to the nasty staff in the exhibit cases. * » * Coeds might gain a hasty shudder by contemplating the figures recently printed by the right famous Dr. Popenoe. The doctor says, says he: twenty-five to fifty percent of the coeds in the United States become spinsters. So the next time you girls are walking down the street, or sitting in the Sweet Shop, glance at those on either side of you and make a mental note that probably they will never find a husband!
Flash—Abbott nurses hangover while substitutes take over enviable hobby. Which reminds us—a certain convalescent has returned from his vacation without Mo Kuehh love of the past year; now he wants to make Friends. ■ . COLLEGE DEFINITIONS Optimist: A persdn who ppens a pint bottle when BrovVning’Svaround and saves the cork. ■ A morality play: A play in which the characters are goWMs, ghosts, virgins, and other supernatural creatures. I’m a ghost. I’m a goblin. ; .Well?' ' BLANKET INVITATION Speaker’s throwing a cocktail party—shrimp. All the fish are invitated. We’ll see you over there; Lynch, Adams, Lynch, Bunch, Lynch, G. Shoemaker, and Lynch. She: Who was that lady I seen you with last night? He: That was no lady—that was my brother, he just walks that way. Add Similes: As fast as a xylophome player three bars behind. Christmas brought many tMngs to the Sigma Nus, including phone calls from the dean. He kissed Helen Hell ensued . . He left Helen . Helen sued. Ya can’t Pin nothin’ on me. I ain’t done notMn’. I’m still tryin’. —Fritzi Walkey. LEAP YEAR THOUGHTS WONDER WHAT COLOR PETTICOATS THE BETAS ARE WEARING TODAY? Santa Glaus brought Eva a five by six inch enlargement of God’s most cherished gift to women— looks like a policeman’s badge.
Mrs. Florence Frankenfield, of the Arnett-Crockett Clinic, will address the Child Study Group of the Purdue Women’s club at a meeting in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building tonight at 7:30 o’clock on “Correct Posture for Children -and Adults”. Mrs. L. E. Beck, Mrs. C. N. Hinkle, Mrs. D. H. Patterson, Mrs. C. W. Mays, Mrs. Kenneth Sharkey and Mrs. E. E.i Schnetzler win act as hostesses.
LAST biiY D6UBLE''FE3AtlJRE:
‘CHARLIE CHAN . . IN SHANGHAI” and WALTER C. KELLY • . V in “Thcj Virginia Judge”
Tliursday - Friday - Saturday .EENMAYNARb' ■ ■ ■ . ' ' ih i' ■ “LAWLESS EIDERS”
WITH OTHER EDITORS'
We Look Before And After, And Piiie For What Is Not —(Keats) (The .Dartmouth.) ■ Before , “No dynamite? “Why do We waste our time in passing resolutions? We must stop war by deeds, not words. we no dynamite to put under the trains intended to take the soldiers to war? Cannot we destroy the bridges, the roads, the railway tracks? “Women, mothers, this is your duty—lie down on the rails and don’t let the trains carry your sons to the imperialist massacre! “Have we not misery and slavery enough in our own country? Have we not enough people who do not know how to read or to write? Have we not people starving at home and in the streets? “How can we civilize other peoples? You know that the capitalist government does not care for ybur welfare.. “Thousands of our working-clase lives must be sacrificed to the imperialist ambitions of the exploiting class. That is their patriotism! “What do we workers care for patriotism? Where is our courage? “What is our banner—a flag to be thrown among the rags?” (Spoken by a Socialist agitator, Benito Juarez Mussolini, in the summer of 1911, against the unjustified invation of Tripoli by the Royal Italian Army, and taken down by his old friend Angelica Bolabanor.) After “Fascism believes neither in the possibility nor the utility of permanent peace ... War alone brings up to its highest tension all human energy and puts the stamp of nobility upon the people who have the courage to face it.” (Written by Mussolini for the new Italian Encyclopedia..) Nothing Haying been heard from Jimmy Walker since his return, it is presumed he is a victim of New York’s noise crusade.—Wichita Eagle.
And, according to the doctor, that is just the point: the ranks of marriageable young men are diminishing. He further points out that men, strangely enough, like to be pampered and flattered. So they, marry younger and less intelligent girls. This leaves the coed emerging with her diploma to find some of the bettCT buys picked off; the intelligent men married to dumb girls, they, the intelligent girls unwilling to marry dumb men, and they also finding themselves faced with a career of sorts such as nursing, library work, social work, teacMng, dietetics—all of which often isolate them from eligible young men, and require them to cultivate an aloOf, business-like attitude which doesn’t throw many men onto the skids. Doc also swears that the longer intelligent girls wait, the more particular and critical they become. If they work, and a “meal ticket” isn’t the primary need, they become positively finicky. Well, sour grapes, why get married at all! * ♦ * Rivets approaches a professor on Monday morning: Rivets—Good morning, sir. Prof.—A happy new year, Davis. Hope you had a pleasant Christmas—and all the rest of the usual rot. Rivets—^Thank you, sir—and all the rest of the rot. Those are precisely my sentiments. Prof.—Weren’t your holidays “Happy” aind “Merry”? Rivets—Who would be so foolish as to ask for that sort of a season. I am grateful if I survive the holiday hardships and don’t hang over top far on Christmas and New Year’s day. Prof..—Did yOu survive decently ? Rivets—Yep. Prof, (sighs)—Ah, so it goes with the young and healthy.
wuz in Peoria. NEW. YEAR’S RESOLUTIONS “I’d Rather Listen to the Radio’ Michels: I see nO Hope in 1936. ‘NBC” Fuller: I tried hard in 1936; it’s up to the girls this year. “Grafter” Brayton: You can’t gild the lily. “Boxface” Lustig: I’ve chosen my career—a Shoemaker. A Purdue Co-ed: I’ll break no dates—after January 13th. Barbara: You say they arrested that dancer for no cause at all Ellsworth: No! For no gauze at all. Who does a bandage? Gauze. Sez who ? Cis-ne.
We are writing this ain’t got nothin’ else.
gauze we
Notice: We’re not going to write this column forever, so send in your contributions to Abbott and win that Mars double pass. lihp & llib.
ROOMS FOE VISITORS NEEDED NEXT WEEK
Dean M. L. Fisher, chairman of the housing committee for visitors during Farmers’ Week, has announced that rooms will be needed for the many University visitors of the Agricultural Conference to be held next week from January 13 to 17. Those who wish to rent such rooms for part or all of the week may list their names Avith Dean Fisher’s office by calling 2676 between 8 a, m. and 4:30 p. in.
, *''vV
United Beauty Salon SKILLED OPERATORS Shampoo, Fingrer Wave, Rinse 2S
LAST DAY iiiili MOWMIilkS
Thursday - Friday - Saturday , . I:.' DQUBLE FEATURE ; ■ : V; JOE Morrison : . .. . ■' .in.'' “It’s a Great Life” and- . ‘The Last oL the Pagans’
. .. TED LEWIS ' and His Gang in ■ ‘HERE COMES THE BAND’
LAST TIMES TOdAY
CHARLIE CHASE COMEDY
Thursday - Friday - Saturday JOAN BLONDELL GLENDA FARRELL ; in “MISS PACIFIC FLEET”
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
T SOUGH large, the Bell System is simple in structure. Think of it as a tree. Branches: 24 associated operating companies, each attimed to the area it serves. Trunk: The American Telephone and Telegraph Company, which coordinates all system activities. > Roots: Bell Telephone Laboratories and Western Electric, whose functions are scientific research and manufacture". Long Lines Department of A. T. and T., which through its coimtry-wide network of wires links together the 24 operating companies, handles overseas service; Advisory Staff of A. and T., which advises the operating companies on all phases of telephone eration and searches const Working as one, these many Bell System umts enable you to talk to almost anyone, anywhere, any time.
BELL
TELEPHONE SYSTEM
Lv; <Netmen Will Play Maroons, Wolverines Lambertmen To Defend Conference Title Twice Over Week-End Victorious in the opening round of its Big Ten co-title defense as the result of a brilliant last half rally that downed Ohio State, Purdue's speeding basketball quinte.t will need all of its new-found balance over the coming week-end as it tackles Chicago’s vastly improved quintet in the Windy City Saturday night and then fetur^ here Mon^ day night to meet Michigan of hardwood giants in the first home conference encounter of the season- The pair of games will bring to a close the first semester activities of the Boilermakers, who will turn their attention to final examinations following the WolVetine engagement, and Will not resume hai^dwood hostilities until Saturday, February 1, against Chicago here. Balanced scoring and a tightened defense were the big factors in Purdue’s initial victory oyer the Buckeyes, Five of the seven Boilermakers who entered the game scored two or more field goals each, while the effectiveness of the defense was shown by the fact that Whitlinger, the Buckeye scoring ace, was held to Only two field goals. « Same Combination Against the Maroons and Wolverines this week-end. Coach Ward Lambert is expected to stick to virtually the same combination that downed Ohio State, with Ed Elliott replacing Jim Seward at center. Capt. Bob Kessler, flashy scorer, will probably be paired with Jewell Young, sophomore find, at forward, while Pat Malaska, midget demon dribbler, and Glen Downey and Red Lambert, converted offensive ^players, will probably share the bulk of the guarding duties. Stopping Bill Haarlow, the Maroon scoring ace, who collected 18 points against Wisconsin Monday night, will provide a big problem for the Boilermakers against Chicago, while it will be Hoosier against Hoosier here Monday night as the Boilermakers match their speed against Michigan’s height in what is expected to be one of the outstanding games of the season. The Towtnsend boys, forwards, and Patenelli, guard, Michigan stars, are all Hoosier high school products, and will feel perfectly at home against the Boilermakers’ All-Indiana quintet. Although there has bepn a brisk demand, reserved seat tickets for the Michigan game are still available.
Play First Eoimd Of VoUeybali Tournament In the opening games of the W. A. A. intramural volleyball tournament held yesterday in the Women’s Gymnasium, Kappa Kappa Gamma defeated Ward 1 by a score of 31 to 16, and Pi Beta Phi won over Ward 2 by a score of 44 to 13. In the small gym Ward 4 won a 26 point victory over Alpha Chi Omega. In the last game of the afternoon Ward 3 was defeated by Chi Omega, 38 to 18. ■ Today’s schedule includes the Women’s Residence Hall playing Ward 1 and Kappa Kappa Gamma versus Ward 4 in the large gym, with Alpha Xi Delta playing Chi Omega and Alpha Chi Omega playing Ward 3 in the small gym.
Face Full Schedule
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbook at the MFTZI SANDWICH SHOP 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
: BE A C HAS EVEEYTHING - for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
RINTING, QSRm StoMsBwr . P 'Wa<ldlng' MtoHeM
— Mm
PHONl — t
CASSEL'S -MepBiwy
WSDEN
□
Purdue’s squash racquets, swimming and fencing squads wilX aR head into the new year pf athletic competition with attractive Schedules, beginning this week-end, according to an announcement made yesterday. The Boilermaker squash racquets squad, which made a clean sweep of the first three places in the Western Intercollegiate champions last season, and recently returned from a holiday tour of the east, will launch its midwestern activity against Illinois at Illinois Saturday, while the swinimers will open their year’s competition against DePauw at Greencastle on Friday and then meet the Hoosier A. C. at Indianapolis Saturday. 'FencerS', , {'■ The fencers, who were nosed out by the University of Cincinnati, 9 to 8, in their opening match last Saturday, face a double header in St. Louis oyer the week-end, meeting the St. Louis Fencers’ club on Friday and Washington University on Saturday. Schedules for the three minor sports squads follow: Squash Racquets Jan. 11—Purdue at Illinois. Jan. 18—Indianapolis A. G. at Purdue. Jan. 26-r-PurdUe at Indianapolis A. C. Feb. 1—Western Squash Rackets meet at Milwaukee. Feb. 29—^Western Collegiate meet at Chicago. . Swimmmg Jan. 10—Purdue at DePauw. Jan. 11—Purdue at Hoosier A. C. (Indianapolis). Feb. 1—Purdue at Chicago. Feb. 8—.Purdue at Illinois. Feb. 14—Michigan at Purdue ( tentative). Feb. 16—DePauw at Purdue. Feb. 22—Wisconsin at Purdue. Feb. 28—^Washini^on U. (St. Louis) at Purdue. Feb. 29—Hoosier A. C. at Purdue / (water polo only). Mar. 6—Purdue at Indiana, Mar. 7—Purdue at Ohio State (tentative). Mar. 13-14—Big Ten meet at Minnesota. Mar. 21—-State meet at Indianapolis A. G. (tentative). Mar. 27-28—-N. C. A. A. meet at Iowa City (tentative). Fencing Jan. 10—Purdue at St, Louis Fencers’ Club. Jan. 11—Purdue at Washington U. (St. Louis). Jan. 26—Notre Dame at Purdue. , Feb. 1—Illinois at Purdue. Feb. 8—Chicago at Purdue. Feb. 16—Ohio State at Purdue. Feb. 21—Purdue vs. Wisconsin at Chicago. Feb. 22—Purdue at Northwestern. Feb. 29r—Purdue at Notre Dame. Mar. 14-16—Big Ten meet.
Tomorrow
Gloves Tournament Contenders To • Meet In Gym
Tomorrow night at 7 o’clock the Boilermaker pugilistic hopefuls will wind up the University elimination rounds for the Golden Gloves tourney with nine bouts at .the Memorial Gymnasium. The boxers represent the outstanding talent of the school and will represent Purdue in the town tourney sometime in February. In previous bouts the boys have been matched by Coach Maxwell so that the fighters would be matched as eyehly as:^ possible. : Rians are being made for nine events, but at present two of the boUts Jiave not been definitely arrangedi duetto withdrawals of the opponents. In the 136 pound class Rosenberg yi^ill be unable to meet his scheduled opponent. Long, while Record, in the heavyweight division, finds himself without a partner because of the withdrawal of Johnson. At present officials in charge of the tourney are attempting to schedule men to fill in these gaps. If no one can be found to enter for the Golden Gloves, every effort will be exerted to get up a couple. of exhibition matches to round out the show. Begins Promptly At 7 In previous bouts held at the Memorial Gymnasium, apparently there has been some niisunderstanding about the time, many spectators straggling in late have found they missed quite a lot of the evening’s program. The bouts are scheduled to begin promptly at 7 o’clock and eyery effort will be made to start them on time. There has been a noticeable lack of students at these affairs. In every case the naajority attending have been townspeople with appar ently only a few students interested enough in their representatives to come out and look them over Boxing has been revived as one of the regular University minor sports and deserves more attention than it has received to date fm the student body. The admission price of tWenty-five cents certainly buys as much entertainment at these bouts as any place else. We suggest a few of the students drop over tomorrow night and view the exponents of the manly art of self-de-
fense.
If possible thpre will be other matches held sometime between now and the sefiii-final rounds pf the town tourney. While no definite plans have been made, those in charge hayg^ expressed the hope of scheduling sbme outside teams prO' viding official permission is forthcoming. These matches would be in the nature of exhibition bouts and would aid materially in giving the boys confidence in facing crowds at the regular Golden Gloves tourney.
Iowa
Indiana Ohio State Wisconsin Illinois Chicago ... Minnesota Xlprllwesie;^ Games Saturday Night PURDUE at Chicago. . Northwestern at Indiana. Illinois at Wisconsin. Ohio State at Iowa. Minnesota at Michigan.
Voliifflteer Group Holds Conventioii Discussion
WELCOME Back to School! Call kienly Beauty Studio for all your beauty work. Ph. 7727 662 Main
Drink Milk for More Energy JOHNSON Phone 41002
Milk is your best food— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
Seated in a circle and speaking in tarn, the University’s representatiVes at the Student Volunteer Conyention gave their reports last night in rooms 1 and 2 of the Ua ion Building. Some thirty different seminars were attended by the group that left here for the convention and the reports given were varied in scope. The meeting last night ended with a short prayer followed by small group discussions. The group intends to follow up the work begun at the convention, a meeting of students of all religious denominations.
WOMEN’S CLUB TO HOLD MEETING TOMORROW
Tanksters Meet DePauw Friday Purdue’s swimming squad,'whic^^ although it lacks outstanding stars, giyes every promise of being better balanced than combinations of recent years, will launch its seasons schedule this week-end when it meets pePauw at Greencastle on Friday and the HpoSier Athletic club at Indianapolis on Saturday, according to the schedule announced yesterday by Coach Larry LaBree. LaBree’s hopes for better balance in the scoring column are built around a nucleus of veterans, including' Vernor in the free style dashes; Davenport in fancy diving; Closson and Whitcomb in the distance events, and Kerber and McCauley in the backstroke. , . . Newcomers Among the newcomers on the squad who are being Counted upon for points are Farwell, a junior who has just become eligible for competition in the dashes; VanDelestef in the breast stroke, and Wallace, who specializes in the 220 yard free style. I Other point possibilities include three hold-overs from last year’s team who haVe been showing improvement, including Barnes in fancy diving; Muntz, in the breast stroke; and Gillis in the distance swims.
Fencers To: Meet Saint Louis Club
New York—.(ACP)--The safety of rugby as compared to football and its small expense, together with the ease with which the game can be learned are arguments for wider adoption of thq English game being offered by athletic authorities aroused by this year’s high toll of gridiron deaths. Football fatalities this season equalled the peak year of 1931, when 46 players were killed. High Schools Lead Because the highest number of fatalities occurs every year among high school players, and because many high schools have dropped regularly scheduled football, rugby is advocated as an especially suitable substitute. ^ “It is my sincere belief that rugby can take V an impiortant place; in the scholastic athleiic program,” says Ed Dickinson, rugby coach at Nassau College, Hempstead, I. “Due to iUjuries and the expense of equipment, a numl>er of schools
have discontinued playing Ameri- ,, can football. Although those of ie»
fostering the sport
.' '.vPVvsil
interested in
would like to see rugl^ develop as an early spring sport, it is evident that the game can fill an immediate fall need in those schools not play-
ing football.
Dickinson played for three years on the Yale varsity team, wd at present plays with the New Ydrk Rugby club. He is vice president Of the Eastern Rugby Union. A rugby player can be eqinipped for about $3.60, Dickinaon smd, in contrast to the $76 necessary to correctly equip a football man. Rugby is a highly individualistic game, Dickinson said. The ni^y; playef is one of a group voluntarily cobper^hg to advance the fc^l, meeting the emergency as it occurs and conceiving plays on the spot as contrasted to a football player, who is a cog in a ihachine, carrying p^ a ^ven assignment under orders from the signal calleiv
Squash Sqpiad WM Journey To lliindis Following a holiday invasion of the east in which the Boilermakers accumulated a great deal of experierice against the country’s leading squash racquets combinations; Purdue’s squash squad will launch its midwestern schedule on Saturday when it journeys to Champaign to meet Illinois. Meeting players who had had years of experience in squash, a comparatively new sport in the middle west as far as collegiate competition is concerned, the Boilermakers failed to achieve much in the way of triumphs, but Coach Clevett considered the trip a real success from the experience standpoint. The Boilermakers dropped matches to Princeton, Yale, Har-
vard, and Pennsylvama, but managed to salvage a Victoi^ at tbe expense of tbe Philadelpbia Cricket club, “B” team. Preparing for the midwestern schedule, Capt. Jack Noll, of Altoona, Pa., who placed second in the Western championships last year, and John LuCek, Of Cleveland, Ohio, are waging a real battle for the No. 1 assignment. At the present time, F. E. Fields, of Kokomo, is holding down No. 3; Ray UTrey, West Lafayette, No. 4; and M. T. Wakefield, Louisville, Ky., No. 5, with Bob Tzucker, of Lafayette and C- R. Petticrew, of Pine Bluff, Ark., as alternates.
Risk Beuta! Clinic ■PAUI.A.MK . ROBERT 6. BISK - HABOOJ J. MSK . XOTHBB A. RISK 4CK> Schultz Bldr. n«iM S7M: Chmer aad
At 8 a. m. Friday morning the fencing team will 'leave for St. Louis to meet the St. Louis Fencers’ club in a very important match that evening. On the St. Louis team is Lon Hocker, who fenced on the United States’ team in Great Britain in aii international meet, Captain Silverman, of the Purdue team, stated that he expects to lose the meet, but it will be good experience for the several inexperi ,euced members of the team. The Purdue team is composed of: foils —Silverman, senior; McWilliams, sophomore; Reynolds, sophomore; Harrison, junior; Seaborg, sophomore. Sabres—Green, senior; Antucshkb, sophomore. Ep^-7-Ham-mann, senior; Sellers, sophomore. The freehman fencers came back for their first drill after vacation to give the varsity a good fight. Stiffness soon wore off and both teams got down to work. The varr sity is going through a tough preparation for the St. Louis meet and also for the Washington University meet which MU be held Saturday. In the two previous years, the Pur^ swordsmen has beaten the Washington team both times and it hopes to repeat again this year. The team lost last week to Cincinnati.
4- 4
-f >
■f ^
Phi
Tomorrow afternoon, the regular January meeting of the Purdue Women’s club Mil be held in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building at 2:30 o’clock. Mrs. J. D Hoffmann MU address the group on the subject of “Design and Composition”, and Miss Blanche Zaring will speak on “Application of Design and Art”. FolloMng the talks of these two ladies, tea MU be seryed in the dining room of the Home Economics Building. This pi'ogram is being sponsored by the Home Economics and Art groups of the club. ' ^
4- ^ ^ ^ ^ BASKETBALL
Today
Court 1, Salisbury 7:0(1—Kappa Delta Rho ys.
Kappa.
7:16—Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Phi Delta Theta. 8:25—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 8:40—Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Nu. Court 2,'Thoms 7:00—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Kappa
Sigma.
7:16—^Delta Tau Delta vs. Delta ^ S^^^ Lambda. 8:26—Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 8:40—Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Pirathon. Court 3, Scrivnor 7:00—AcaCia vs. Lambda Ohi Al-
^pha. :■
7:16—Triangle vs. Delta Chi. 8:26—Theta Tau vs. Sigma Pi, 8:4(P—Sigma Alpha Mu ys. Sigma VPbi'-'Epsildh."'
Most of us are. And in cramming ail our work into these few days before the semester ends, we are apt to think we can go the limit without any relaxation. In the long run it's better to play safe by taking an hour off now and then and just forget about studies. There's no better way to keep from going stale than to spend an hour, or even an half-^hour in
siege with the books. You'll enjoy this fascinating game especially in the Union where there's 1 and prices are moderate.
Downstairs in the
'The Corner of the Campus, the Center off Collogo Activities*Chamberlain’s special for this week—^Pecan Crnnch and New York. Order it—^it’s delicious.
NOTICES Ko ttiittidea ato^ted after 8 p.
C6hdition Exam in Chemisiry 2—Whi he, givien Jan, 11, i p. n>., in rooin lOli Education Building. All students wishing to move conditions in Cheniistry 2 before the opening of the second semester must take the exam at ibis tim& Necessary arrangements must be made at room 210, Chemistry Building, not Idter than Jan, , 9, in order that the $2 fee niay be^ paid before the exam is given.. Conditions in Chemistry 1 may be removed at the same time by making special arrangednents. —TEST,
Glider Club—Meeting tomorrow night in room 2 of the Union at 7. Bring money for field dues. ^WOOD,
Co-ed Dedi Tennis—Following games must be played today: BlcQueen and Watson vs. Van Rie and Cmnpbell-, Merritt and Brown vs. GreenbUrg and Cook, and Richey and Scudder vs. Boehm and Bcilke. —BENNETT.
Brawny Exponent Junior Peace, Order In
Editors Mairuain Offiee^-^s CthCd iTriter
Oh dear me! Oh dear me! Sup-
bit of catering ,tp these mighty bU--
posing we ever were naughty over here, in the Exponent office—’What
ings, Exponent Eds. A proof of the junior editor’s (male) eagferncss'
these brawny (brainy too we suppose) junior editors would do to; a
J-OA.-. pLAJCL-Ut/ ■OJlOIl.jl.. W. T. (Billy) Hunt, on^ of the
poor little weak defenseless, etcet-
species, took a playful, poke at Bob
era, freshman co-ed if we did some-
Cribb (the'kind of thing that you
thing dreadful like getting in the
put babies in, but with two b’s).
way, we don’t know.
With a happy whoop, he launched a
And we are a freshman Cb’-Cd!;
swift left at Dave Meacham, but
Discipline here at the Exponent office is strictly enforced with se-
Red Walther intercepted it. Commotion raged.
vere penalties for misdemeanors.
Good old A. M.—Good morning
There are no written laws to that
to You!—Chasteen refused to allow
effect, but; by common consent and often triumph of^might over right,
a rumpus. Sternly he fought through to Billy Hunt, the villain.
junior editors enforce orders.
and with Cliff Hardin-r^nother of
If a freshman lad acts lethargic
those junior eds^^ssiSting, he put
about running to get a waste bas-
Hunt out into the waiting arms of
ket for an uppercrassman’s chew-
Hugh Morris.
ing gum, he is, verbally and physi-
So we’re frightened! They’re
cally, encouraged to hasten.
fierce oyer here! But, believe us.
And as foi' girls, well, only up-
they keep wondefful order in the
perclass co-eds are exempt from a
Exponent office.
Co-ed Riflery—Schedule for tomorrow is as follows: seniors, 6:15:6:45;' juniors, 6:46-7:16; freshmen, 7:1^7 ;45.; sophomores, 7:45-8:16. —McQUEEN.
Make-Up Exam in Punctuation—^There will be a make-up exam in punctuation for all students who have not yet made a passing grade tomorrow afternoon in room 101 of the Education Building at 4, and at 5 for all those who can not take it At 4. —WYKOFF.
Freshman Elngineers—All who have not yet settled for their subscription for the Purdue Engineer will have a chance to do so at their Coming engineering IwtUres today and tomorrow at 11. —EVANS.
Rooms for Ag Conference—^Persons wishing to rent rooms to Agricultural Conferr ence visitors for all or part of the week beginning January 13 may list names with the dean of men by calling 2675 between 8 a. m. and 4 :80 p. m.
661
Be Done”
Freshman Engineers—^All divisions Engineering lectures will meet tomorrow at 11 in Eliza Fowler Hall. ■ —KNAPP.
Flying Club—No meeting tonight. —ASIRE.
Delta Rho Kappa—Meeting tonight a 8 :30 in Union. —ROBBINS.
P. I. A. Orchestra—^Important rehearsal at 7 tonight in tower room. Please be
prompt.
■ ■ —REINER.
W. S. G. A,tonight.
-No executive board meeting
—HALL.
Orchesis—Meeting tonight at 8. —ELLIS.
Co-ed Social Dancingmeets tonight at 7.
-Beginning group
—ELLIS
W. A. A. Volleyball-Today at 4 in the large gym: Women’s Residence Hall vs. Ward 1; at 4:30, Kappa Kappa Gamma vs. Ward 4. In the small gym: Alpha Xi Delta vs. Chi Omega ; at 4:30, Alpha Chi Omega
vs. Ward 3. —SCUDDER.
“The unprecedented popular response which has followed the puli’: lication in recent months of —And Sudden Death’ and other horror articles depicting automobile slaughter in stark terms of blood and realism and anguish, indicates that at last the American public is ready to do something about the appalling situation,” says the Reader’s Digest in its January issue. It continues: “Recent American history shows that when we are fully aroused to a national menace, we act. When the gangster terror became insufferable we finally swept the worst offenders from the stage. In 1898, typhoid was a raging killer; even in 1911 it was still claiming 21 lives out of every 100,000 population. We put. our scientists and educators to work; by 1932 fewer people were dying of typhoid than of whooping cough—less than four in
100,000.”
Says Reader’s Digest: “A great foi’ce in the drive against death is education, conclusively demonstrated by the success of the safety campaign among school children.
In ten ^years Of teaching safety in the schools, and while adult auto fatalities were increasing 1,42 per cent, Child deaths due to automoT
biles decreased three per cent.
■“Plainly the thing can he done generally, since such results have been achieved here and there. The tools are at hand. The job calls for unstinting cooperation of every public official; of every- school teacher; of every police officer—^ and it calls for the conscientious acceptance, by every individual, of his personal responsibility to drive
safely, ^s a social duty.”
Editor’s Note: Following the Vheation, AnsOn Brown continues the • ac- ' doUnt of his Mediterranean cruisO on a tramp steamer. . . ' Lingering for an hour or so in a small beer garden in Fannagusta, Cyprus, restored our energy enough for continued exploration, so Nelson and I made our way on foot towards a cdol palm grove that we had passed earlier in the day. Even before we arrived we could see a caravan of some 20 camels ireclin-’ ing/in the shade. Naturally, the only thing to do would be to ride one of those beasts so, by means of some violent sign language and bickering, we at length convinced the amused Arabs that we should have a short walk-on-a-bUmp; Thei one t picked had sad eyes And hbusednaid’k knee. He was lying or vkh0eliuF> or whatever cameils do, ahid as soon as I mounted his vocal protest began to issue in weird tones. : Rpugh: Eidec ;. With great effort he arose and started off in a searsick gallop. If you have ever ridden over the analytical graph of a cosine curve you’ll know how I felt. Although what little ride I had was novel, I’m sure I’d never appreciate a long trek across the Sahara. He heaved and wiggled and galloped. He even went so far as to stretch his neck around and super at me in great hissing sounds as his flabby upper lip quivered. ,dle then suddenly stopped and slowly collapsed with much creaking from unoiled joints until his belly was resting on the
ms Them From Su)im
Wesley Foundation—-All students are welcome! to morning watch services each Tuesday and Thursday mornings at 7 :30 in: the Wesley Foundation Home. June Denny will be dur leader tomorrow. —COFFING.
Tati Kappa Alpha.—Meeting tonight at 8:30 at Prof. Lull’s house. —RIETH.
Ceres—^Meeting at 7- tonight in room 1, Union. —OVERS’TREET.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council—Meeting tonight at 6 at the Pirathon house. —McCONNELL.
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
Today Poultry Club Meeting, Poultry Building, room 207, 7:15-9:30 p. m. TomtMrTpw Entomology Society, Ag Hall, room 103, 7:00-8:00 p. m. Industrial Education Society, Michael Golden Shops, room 101, 7 :008:00 p, m. American Chemical Society, Chemistry Building, room 106, 7:30. Conference on Traffic and Safety Problems, faculty lounge. Memorial Union Building, 9 :30 a. m. Golden Gloves Boxing Bouts, Memorial Gymnasium, 7:00-9:00 p. m. ■ . Friday Agronomy Seminar, Ag Hall, room 201, 4 p. m. Cosmopolitan Club, social hour, Memorial Union Building, 7 p. m. Conference on Safety, all day; Problems of the driver, room 264, Electrical Engineering Building, 1:30-5:00 p. m. Saturday Basketball—Purdue vs. Chicago, there. '
LARGE ENTRY— (Continued from page 1) Eighteen entries have been received in the group acts with prospects of several more. The Madison Township Home Economics club of Clinton county, has entered an act “Some Good, Some Bad”. Other entrants include Oxford Little The ater Players, Lake County Home Bui'cau, a group from McGoysburg under the direction of Mrs. 0. E. Hitchings, a group from Goodland reproseRl^g Newton County Farm Bureau, the “Grangers” from Romney, the “Buckcreek Hotshots” from Hancock County, and “Oh, Baby” under the direction of Mrs Squire PftrlcBr frem Jehnsun «ou». ty. Entries have alsq been made
from Knox, Whitley and Albion counties. Prize money totals $306 which will be awarded as follows: group one, $150; group two $120, and curtain act section, $36.
Rayon Knit Slips, brassiere tops, shadow proof $1.00 Formal Slips, all silk, 64-in. length, black, white, tea ro3e..$1.98 Ladies’ Full Fashioned Silk Hose..69c Ladies’ Knee Length Hose at 79c, two pairs........ $1.60 Ladies’- Beaded Pui-ses at 10% off. TMeme & ■ Wangerin Co.
Body and Fender Straightening Glass, tops and seat covers. Frame and axle straightening. Welding arid pailiting. AUTO BODY SHOP 421-423. North Third' Dial 2998
W® li@§e inciiitiis ago .--VV " . b®f©r© the wli@l@sai© prices went ypi
RIN G LESS Gossamer CMIF^OMS
Regyiar $1 ¥aiy@s
Sheer as cobwebs, exquisite 1 y cl e a r, reinforqed at crucial points, all silk, full fashioned, picot tops. Stock up tomorrow 1
Loeb & Hene Company
PROTECT A^ainist 5.
Icy HaadL. Of Wiafer
We aiito doctors like to give car owners the same advice that their own doctors give them—“An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.” Let us check over your auto and see that it is in the proper condition to carry you safely throughout the rest of the Winter. A good checkup now wdl save you money later. COMPLETE AUTO CHECKUP SERVICE FROM. SUNRISE TO SUNRISE.
6tii and Alabaitka
Phone 4048
mossy ground. I slid off and walked up' to his head to give him' a parting pat hut he made a pass at me with vicious teeth and sneered.' I don’t think that camel liked me. Anyway, we paid ther Arabs a few cents (Nelson Had had a similar experience with his camel) for our experience and pushed our way through the laughing crowd that had gathered, and went to locate our cah driver. Before I take leave of Cyprus, there is one more incident to relate that left a deep impression oh about ten persons, and an unpleasant impression it is. When we arrived back at the freighter about 3 o’clock that afternoon we were all so hot that we decided to swim from the boat. Donning our trunks, four of us dove into the salty water and how cool it was! Some of the creW and :pffleers Soon -joined; hs and we not only swam all ibhe way around the boat but held a ganie of water polo some 60 yards from .the'ship. :.- v. All went 'weir Until one of the women passengers up on deck screamed and pointed. We all turned as one in the water and siaw, some distance; away, a single fin cutting the water at good speed and headed right our way. It was the first live shark Fd eyer seen but I didn’t have tittle to think of that. ■ How ten of us swam 160 feet and Climbed the gang-way in less time than it takes to tell no one knows,
my thfouL Our swimming in Larnaea waters was definitely terhiift* ated. We all stood dripping on the deck, watching the shark swim ‘ around and Around.where We had - been a few seconds before. The ' -I crew said he was about twelve, feet long. I say he was about twenty, but I won’t argue the point, and I also dbn’t care to. prove the wornout theory that a shark Will not attack a human. I can think of lots , of things I’d rather be besides fish.- , And so we take leave of Cyprus, where-the goddess of' lovei Aphrodite, was born from the foam of the sea; where cherries, figs, pears, apples, peaches, datea and grapes" are -yours for the asking. Here Montana mountains covered with Wisconsin pines hover over Arizona deserts. Where history is mystery. There are adobe huts and larks, With Cyprus trees and camels’ knees And a hairbor full of Shatks!
//
. . . depend; on good old Briggs! Grammipg is a plea8iire"--if it*8 ©maiimilig ip©How old BRIGGS mto yosir pipe! What a grand tobacco BRIGGS is—better than many tobaccos costing twice as mischl
There is not a bite in a barrel of It. No wonder that in a few short months it became a natioii-wlde ^yorite before it had a line of adyertisingl But wem’t yon let