la
the Purd
E
VOLUME FORTY-NINE -1—
' ^ " ) >
Lafayette^ Indiana, Wednesday, November 3, 1937
NUMBER 44
Dr. Thomas To Address AIEE
Research Engineer To Talk On Modern Uses Of Electricity “Adventures in Electricity,” a demonstiation lecture created to show how modern engineers put research discoveries to practical use, will be the highlight of a^ open meeting of the University section of the AIEE tonight in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Dr. Phillips Thomas, Westinghouse research engineer, will be on the campus to give the lecture. From among the more important discoveries made in research in recent years. Dr. Thomas has selected eight which today have been put to practical use. Ballinger To Deliver Opening Discourse At Religious Conference Dr. Kiel Bollinger, former minister o^ the Wesley Foundation, will present the opening address at the annual Indiana Christian Student Conference which will be held in the West Lafayette Methodist Church November 6 and 7. The Purdue Religious Council will entertain 126 delegates who are expected to attend from other universities. All sessions except the final meeting on Sunday, will be held in the First M. E, church, and will be open to the public. Robert Leslie, DePauw University senior, will talk at the Saturday luncheon. T. K. Noss, of the University education department, will lead a discussion on “International Relations” following the luncheon Saturday. “Democracy, Dictatorship, Destiny” Rabbi Meyer H. Simon will speak on “Democracy, Dictatorship and Destiny” at the dinner Saturday evening. Following the dinner the entire conference will attend the presentation of the play, “The Enemy” at Jeiferson High School. Dr. John W. Findley will have charge of the communion service at 7:46 Sunday morning, after which Rev. and Mrs. Dewitt Baldwin, of Burma, will speak. Alpha Zela Pledges Nine Alpha Zeta, agricultural scholastic honorary, announces the ple'Sging of the following men: W. E. Kurtz, Kokomo; L. T. Kur^, Kokomo; W. G. Beck, Frankfort; R. H. Chinn, Kokomo; R. B, Davis, Seymoup; H. H. Stonaker, Bedford; E. W. Swanson, Knox; L. S. Hardin, Knightstown; and D. W. Glover, of Veedersburg. Prof. A. H. Carter To Speak At First Art Club Meeting Tonight at 7 :?lo, the art club will hold its first meeting of the year in ro6m D of the Memorial Union Building. Prof. A. H. Carter of the practical mechanics depart ment, who has made many wood carvings and etchings, will explain his work. The Art Club, a leisure hour orgamzation7has no officers. Its mem bership is limited to those students who are interested in the various phases of arts and are unable to schedule them in their various eurri cula. Freehand lessons will soon be given.
Exponent Schedules Freshman and sophomore work schedules have l?een completed, and are plosted on the bulletin boards of both East and West side offices of the Exponent. J. E. Brock, Managing Editor.
Instantaneous in action, the ignitton tube pictured above flashes the moment a projectile passes in front of it, thus making it possible to see action ordinarily too switt tor human eyes. Mrs. Hughes Discusses Cooperation At First Meeting Of Parents' Institute Mrs. L. G. Hughes, state president of the Parents and Teachers Organization, urged closer cooperation between parents and teach-, ers and the coojrdination of school and home training at a dinner meeting of the Parents’ Institute, which opened at the University yesterday. Precedfngthe dinner meeting, in the afternoon. Dr. Harriet O’Shea' psychologist in the nursery school and assistant professor of education, spoke on “Wha,t a Child Education Program Should Be.” In her address, she exhorted more parents to study their own children j^nd not to be influenced in their relations with the children by the opinions of outsiders. Dr. Thermon B. Rice, member of the department of health*^! Indiana University, will address another dinner-meeting of the Institute this evening. The University Choir, directed by A. P. Stewart, will furnish a program at thi^ meeting. The Institute, which opened at the University yesterday under the direction of the home economics school, and has several hundred delegates registered, will terminate tomorrow. University Will Observe Armistice Day With Program In Great Hall Of Union 1 University studepts and faculty members will observe the anniversa,ry of Armistice Day 1918, in a short prograni to be held in the Great Hall of the Memorial Union Building, beginning at 10:58 Thursday morning, November 11. The program in the Union will be as follows: t 10:58—Sounding of bugle to mark beginning of quiet period. 11:00—Firing of a salute by the POMM knd Scabbard and Blade. Placing of wreath on the Memorial Tablet by POMM and Scabbard and Blade. Taps. ' Roll Call of Purdue Honor Roll. Address by Dr. Frederic B. Knight. Bugle Call. The entire program will be broadcast by station WBAA. Classes will not l?e dismissed, but instructors in all classes are requested to have students stand in silence during the firing of the salute at 11 o’clock.. If on the campus, all staff members, students, and university employees are asked to pawse in their places and to remain there in silence whilfe the salute is being fired. I Traffic will be stopped at all entrances to the campus ^luring the salute and taps, and all activities in the Union will cease from 10:55 until 11:16. POMM Will Initiate Seniors Today I ' Formal initiation of senior pledges to the Purdue Order of Military Merit will be held in the Armory at 5 p. m. today. By holding initiation at this time, all seniors will have fourrageres to wqar to their last Military Ball, this Friday night. Initiation of junior pledges will be held at a later date. Military Ball Programs Available In Check Room ' Distribution of unique beaten metal Military Ball programs will start at 10 o’clock this iporning. Checkroom manager, E. Jackson will be in charge 6f the programs and will be in the checkroom of the Memorial Union Building from 10 this morning until 9 tonight with the exception of the hour from 6 to 6 tonight. Ticket stubs must be exchanged for the programs which should be secured either today or tomorrow. The programs of heavy beaten metal bear the University seal as well as cross-cannons. They are six inches long and one inph wide. By removing the upper portion the program may simply be made into an attractive, wearable bracelet.
25 More Colleges Adopt Textbook by G, Bledock “Principles of Electrical Engineeiing”' by Professor G. C. Blalock, of the school of electrical engineering, which was revised last fall and issued as a second edition, has been adopted as the text in 25 more colleges and universities since that time, according to announcements from the McGraw-Hill Book Company, publishers. The book also is used by junior mechanical engineering students, by senior chemical engineering students, as well as electrical engineering students at the University. Professors Honored At Education Dinner Professor G. L. Roberts and Dr. F. B. Knight were guests of honor Monday at a dinner given by the division of education and applied psychology of the University. Following the dinner in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building, President Elliott told of the work of the division in a short address. Chairman of the Board of Trustees, David E. Ross spoke next, after which both Professor Roberts and Dr. Knight gave short talks. Prof. 0. F. Hall acted*as toastmaster for the dinner, which was attended by 105 faculty members, representing the various schools and departments. Professor Roberts, from 1909 to 1930, was an active member of the department of education, and since that time he has been professor emeritus, advising the department in teacher licensing and placement. Dr, Knight is head of the newly-formed division of education and psychol-
ogy.
Sorority Girls View Newest Ready-To-Wear Clothes In campus sorority houses a fash ion display sponsored by Loeb and Hene’s department store is now be ing shown. Miss Ruth Ezra and Miss Swan, from Loeb and Hene’s ready-to-wear department, are in charge of the showing, which in eludes about 40 garments, 15 of which are evening dresses. The rest are campus and date dresses. The Alpha Chi Omegas were shoAvn the dresses last week while hostesses this week will be the Kappa Kappa Gammas and Pi Beta Phis. Miss Ezra and Miss Swan will complete the display next week after visiting the Chi Omega, Kappa Alpha Theta, and Alpha Xi Delta sorority houses. PIA Advamed Dance Class To learn New Swing Steps After concluding her third instruction to the PIA advanced dance class yesterday evening, Mrs. DUncan said, “I am confident that these students will soon include the Shag, Goin’ to Town, the Big Apple, and the Rhumba in their dance repertoire.” Roger Clymer, chairman of the PIA dance class, urges any girls interested in the advanced classes to attend. Through the cooperation of WAA a large number of women are expected by Clymer to join the beginning class on November 11. Instruction in the beginners’ section will include the fundamentals of dance, waltzesvi- and other dance steps. University Directories The complete shipment of directories has been received. As long as the supply lasts any student who has not already obtained a copy may get one by presenting his schedule card at the Registrar’s Office. Members of the staff and University offices obtain their copies from the Editor’s office. Service and Stores Building. Ralph B. Stene, Registrar.
Senate Declares Student Cooperation Needed For Smoking Ruling Success If the student body does not cooperate with the Senate in living up to the ‘spirit’ of the repeal of the no-smoking tradition, there is grave and imminent danger that the tradition, this time in the form of a regulation, will again be necessarily levied—such was the trend of discussion at last night’s meet-
ing of the Senate.
The Senate wants to impress upon the students that smoking on the steps of buildings and on walks leading up to buildings will not be tolerated by University officials, and that continued disregard for this restriction will in all probability lead to the return to the old nosmoking law. Whether these privileges, recently granted, be maintained or not rests entirely upon the
student body.
Rainey Will Address Vocational Leaders At Conference Here
Industrialists Meet To Discuss Education Leading industrialists and educa tors of the Middle West convened at the University recently for a conference, directed by F. B. Knight and Prof. R. J. Greenley, on industrial education. The subject of the session was modem problems of industrial education. Leading industrialists present were: W. E. Hadley, general superintendent of Illinois Carnegie Steel Company; J. M. Darbarker, also of the latter company; Daniel Teetor, Perfect Circle Company; H. B. Kahlez, representative of American Aluminum of Lafayette; D. E. Ross, president of the Board of Trustees; and Frederick Holmes of the Duncan Meter Works. De Witt Morgan, W. A. Wirt, and R. W. Feik, superintendents of Indianapolis, Gary, and East Chicago schools, respectively, were representatives of the. educators.
I
Applied Design Department Displays Japanese Prints Imported Japanese prints are now on display in an exhibit prepared by the applied design department in the Home Economics Building No. 2. Cherry wood blocks were used to make these prints on genuine rice paper. The exhibit, under the direction of Prof. Laurentza Schantz-Hansen, will continue through the month of November and the pripts will be changed from time to time.
November 19 and 20 are the dates set for the annual Guidance Conference which attracts vocational guidance supervisors from Indiana high schools and colleges to discuss here at the University, various phases of guidance programs which have become an important part of edu-
cation in recent years.
y
Dr. Homer P. Rainey, former president of Franklin College and present director of the American Youth Commission, of the American Council on Education at Washington, D. C., will speak at the conference. Speakers Dr, F. B. Knight, director of the University division of education and applied psychology, Charles Lake, superintendent of schools at Cleveland, O., Michael Sophidn, Akron, O., chairman of the Kiwanis International Committee on Vocational Guidance, Frank Cody, superintendent of schools at Detroit, Mich., Dr. Harry J. Baker, clinical psychologist for t’le Detroit schools, and Miss Prudence Cutright, assistant supervisor of schools at Minneapolis, Minn., will also give discussions. Superintendent Arthur Campbell of the Anderson schools, superintendent Donald DuShane of the Columbus schools and Miss Helen Dembach, director of educational guidance in the Soutl^ Bend schools will preside over the 'conference. New York Purdue Club Plans Weekly Luncheons Under the direction of S. D. Distelhorst, ME ’35, and former Bold and Black Editor of the Exponent, the Purdue Club of New York City has inaugurated a plan of having luncheons every Wednesday at 12 noon in the Bedford Hotel there. Distelhorst is chairman of the committee in charge.
Scrubbers, Sweepers Clean Union In Wee Small Hours
By J. C. Dibble “Br-r-r zoom” whines the electric scrubber ais “Val’s” cleanup boys start the weekly scrubbing of the Memorial Union Building even before a few Saturday night dance stragglers leave. No doubt it is a mystery to many students and quite a few faculty memb^s how the Union Building is kept ^o spotlessly clean. While many students are enjoying their last minute embrace or their Saturday night hangovers, a corps of seven janitors ('tnostly students), under Vallely’s or Frank Pox’s supervision, is employed in cleaning the buildipg. Clean Main Floor After the <|ance, the main floor is swept, and soon the building is ringing with the echoes of the electric scrubber, manipulated by two of the boys. The great hall and all of the coridors on the main floor are scrubbed by these boys while the two regular janitors clean the
rugs on the main floor and all of the second floor. In the meantime the basement is seething with activity. In the sweetshop, a place of much activity only a few minutes before, a boy is now sweeping and scrubbing the floor, putting it in readiness for Sunday’s crowd. Sweep, Scrub And Buff Farther down the hall, a boy is sweeping, scrubbing, or using a buffer on the floor of the grill. Across the hall another boy is busy sweeping out the game room, or brushing off the billiard tables in the billiard room. Also, these boys must scrub the hall in the basement and sweep the cafeteria. The “cling” of the time clock is music to the ears of the five droopyeyed boys as they check out at 5 o’clock Sunday morning after seeing a sample ef the night life at Purdue that a majority of the students know nothingTHE PUBDUE ^ONENT
Wednesday. November 3. 1937
I %
mmm
the Purdue Exponent
Ponnded in 18SI
Bditorifcl Phonic 6037
Cnmpa* SuhBCriptions $8 per year
OFFICER—812 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6088 Mail Subscriptions $8.60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF R. P- Manion BUSINESS MANAGER .
Editorial Staff MANAGING EDITOR _ _ . J. E. Brock ASSOCIATE EDITORS D. A. Bailey, )U S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Co-ed Staff CO-ED EDITOR — •• EUiabeth Pyke ASSOCIATE EDITORS ....Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee.
Business Staff
ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER Local Advertisinsr Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER National Advertisiny Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER.. . Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER
Sports Staff
SPORTS EDITOR — . — R. ASSOCIATE EDITORS.. J. S. Brown, R.
B. D. Witwer.
D. C. Miller J. P. Girard R. R. Hensler W. J. Gillilan M. C. Reeves
F. Obenchain L. McDonald,
NIGHT EDITOR
Stanback November 3, 1937 ISSUE EDITOR
Loveridge
Watch Their Smoke Certain University students either do not fully understand the restrictions" placed on campus smoking by action of the Board of Trustees or they are disregarding the rules with the same indifference they showed toward the “no smoking” tradition. The new ruling definitely states, “Smoking is strictly prohibited in the classrooms, drawing rooms, hallways, laboratories, lavatories, libraries, locker rooms, rest rooms, rooms for athletic contests, store rooms, barns, at the entrances of buildings, or on the steps or walks leading immediately to or from such entrances.” Yet, every day students may be seen smoking on the steps of University buildings and on the walks leading directly to them with seemingly no thought for the new regulations. We hear through a reliable source that
President Elliott is very much displeased with the present disobedience ... in fact, that he has threatened to take penal action towards violators of the smoking rules. Just what steps the President might take in enforcing these rules is worth considering. By order of the Board of Trustees, he is authorized “To impose proper penalties for violation of this amended rule.” The nevj rule also gives President Elliott the power “To rescind any part of the newly amended rule whenever it appears that faculty or students fail to observe the spirit of the intent of the rule as here amended.” So he may impose whatever penalties he chooses on offenders of the smoking regulations, or he may, by the stroke of his pen, completely prohibit smoking on the campus. Again, the present ruling holds good only for the remainder of the school year, and improper observance might cause the faculty to veto its renewal. It is our advice to student smokers that they had better watch their step, unless they want to pay a $5 fine or be deprived of campus smoking privileges next year.
Any letter to the editor must not exceed 150 WORDS in lengrth,^ and mast be accompanied by the writer’s signatnre.
Facts On Lash Dear Editor: The following facts about the lecture on “Eye Witness From Spain” given by Mr. Lash may be of some interest to the people present there. 1. Mr. Lash appears to have a bare understanding of the Spanish language (I gathered this by asking him several questions in Spanish). 2. The military revolt was put down in Spain very rapidly because the army, which comes from the pfeoplp, soon passed over to the people. Mr. Lash may not know that military conscription in Spain has been obligatory for many years. 3. Spain sold to Germany, before this tragedy, large amounts of pig iron. It is logical, if Franco wins she will like to be paid for her help, just as the U. S. expects to be paid for the help, moral and financial, given to the Allies in 1918. The same thing is true about the oil to Italy. Oil which Italy exports with Italian label, has been for many years a good per cent Spanish. Russia IS being paid in gold by the Loyalists. 4. The codfish for which the speaker had little use, happens to be one of the articles which you would find two or three times a week on the table of the middles class and even of the rich. They like it. It IS cheap. 5. Mr. Lash has been very unfair to the technicians in Loyalist Spain. Only very few and of the higher paid, some of them who had been military officers, disappeared. Within a week after July 19, 1936, some of the metallurgical shops started to produce shells, and prepared armored cars. The people often did not care to follow their advice, because they were considered in favor of a capitalistic state. More could be said about this, but that is enough. Other technicians, from the medical to the university people sooner or later coopeiated with the loyalist government wholeheartedly. F. R. Morral, Graduate ChE, Is P. S. A. Communistic? Dear Editor: The fundamental issue raised by Mr. Brock’s letter in Sunday’s Exponent is not whether Joseph P. Lash is a Communist, but whether or not the American Student Union, of which Lash is a member, and the Purdue Student Alliance, which is a chapter of the A. S. U., are Communist organizations. The order of reasoning by which
Brock attempted to brand the Purdue Student Alliance as Communist appears as follows: “Joe Lash is a Communist. Joe Lash is a member of the A.S.U. Therefore, the A.S.U. and the P.S.A. are Communist.” Now, the primary hypothesis on which this argument is based was disproven Sunday by Lash himself when he publically stated before the audience in the Union ballroom that he is not and never has been a Communist. But, even if Lash were a Communist, as Brock charged, the implication of the A. S. U. (and P. S. A.) does not follow. For by this same manner of deduction one might conclude that the A.S.U. (and the P.S.A.) are instruments of the Republicans, the Democrats, the Socialists, the Prohibitionists, or any of the other political groups whose philosophies are held by members of the American Student Union. It would be just as reasonable to conclude that the A.S.U. is a negro organization because negroes are admitted to membership, or that it is cl Ccithclic g‘i‘C’Jip of its members profess to be Catholics. The very fact that the American Student Union is democratic in its organization and universal in its appeal accounts for the great diversity of political, religious and racial adherences which are represented in its membership. Once every year the Purdue Student Alliance and each of the other A. S. U. chapters chooses a number of convention delegates proportional to the number of local members. These democratically elected representatives from all parts of the country convene for the purpose of determining the national policy of ^the American Student Union. If the representatives from any chapter cannot endorse one or more of the policies decided upon by the majority vote the dissenting group is not obligated to include those policies in its local platform. The Platform which the Purdue Student Alliance has adopted is as follows: PEACE: We are rpsolved to keep America out of war. We advocate optional military training in state supported educational institutions. FREEDOM: We defend academic freedom and uphold the liberties guaranteed by the Bill of Rights. SECURITY: We seek adequate Social Security legislation. We favor the extension of the cooperative movement. EQUALITY: We favor the extension of aid (NYA) to needy students. We oppose racial discrimination. R. A. Buckles, Jr. Chairman of the Purdue Student Alliance.
What Where, When?
By Sally McKee Emily Post now says that the personal chaperone may be dispensed with. But of course that doesn’t do away with chaperones for such group occasions as dances. Here at Purdue these chaperones aie almost entirely faculty members, who chaperone dances for the pleasure of watching “the younger generation” enjoy itself. Generally these professors and insti’uctors and their wives have outgrown the dancing age and spend their time sitting out most of the dances. How should the young folk behave with respect to them ? You will probably know many of them as instructors, so, sometime during the evening, sit out a dance with them. Introduce yourself and your partner and you can immediately start a short conversation. This simple overture will quickly win the respect and friendship of chaperoning faculty members.
SOUR GRIPES We notice this interesting dissertation printed in the Wesley Foundation News concerning (indii’ectly) the scarcity of Military Ball tickets. “Could . . . girls take a bid to the Military Ball? We remember last year several peace-minded girls turned down bids to the Ball because of their :^eeling that the military show is just another bit of war hysteria. Will this year’s co-eds be as true to their peace convictions?” A LOVE TRIANGLE They say it’s quite a spectacle over at the Triangle House early in the morning to see Murray, Griffenhagen, and Lown dancing around hand in hand, with next to nothing on, celebrating that only a day or so remains before their imports arrive for the Military Ball. Prom Political Preview Now since Prom election’s nigh. And many junior’s hopes are high. It seems that we might well review The things that interest me and you. The question pops, “Whose orchestra ? ” Will furnish us the tra-la-la? I warn you now both faar and wide. We ALL cannot be satisfied. Campaigning, ah! a lot of fun. The cars are always on the run With white-wash paint and signs, you see To show each, party’s strategy. The little chats across the wire Of politicians who ne’er tire. The midnight meetings here and there. Are things that get in each one’s hair. There’s innocence in all those eyes. But yet there are some clever guys Who seem to work those magic tricks Behind the scenes of party cliques. Then comes the day we vote you see In booths they guard so carefully; The ‘X’ is made that marks the spot The campaign cools — that once was hot. The winners then will represent The Boilermakers’ Prom event; Let’s look ahead and hope to see A group that works efficiently. —Ray Burger. Nomination for campus “thourputh” Harrison B. Stubbs, Jr., Fisigh senior, who tried tq have a brother fined for saying “gosh darn” at the dinner table.
'Such an «exhausting. day, dear—I’ve endorsed a cigarette, a yeast cake and a piano!”
No Exponents arrived at the SAE house Tuesday morning. Wonder if Huffine had anything to do with that ? Slanguage contribs today: Glumphh ... a heterogeneous conglomerate of the Sabbath repast served continuously from Sunday through Wednesday noon. Gorp . . . same as glumphh. Send in doit, slanguage, anything printable and get a crack at those MARS DOUBLE PASSES.
Texas Christian University students have worn out three editions of Emily Post’s book on etiquette and a fourth is in shreds, according to the librarian. The most frequent borrowers are boys. By noticing who borrows “Emily Post” she can often predict weddings and announcement paities.
»the Purdue Exponent Service . Directory
— Bookstores —
— Furniture —
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for tke Purdue Student
Student Equipment J-juJiniitUte Qo. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2?28
“DEAC”
Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
— Beauty Studio —
• EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
• Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phond 7727
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
' Thursday - Friday - Saturday JUNE TRAVIS in ' “Love Is On the Air” —and— GEI^'J'RUDE MICHAEL in “Sophie Lang Goes West’
-TODAY-
HE’S A' RHYTHMIC ROMANTIC RASCAL!
^ STARTS
THURS. —
DOUBLE
FEATURE
Sea
There Goes
Racketeers
My Girl
with
with
WELDON
GENE
HBYBURN
RAYMOND
JEANNE
ANN
MADDEN
SOTHERN
IVlUSIC ROOM —Today— Noon, 12:00-1:00 p. m. Nut Cracker Suite (Tschaikowsky), Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra. Who Is Sylvia (Schubert), John McCormack. EVening, 4:00-7:00 p. m. Symphony No. 1 From the New World (Dvorak) Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra. Caprice Vienneis (Kreisler) violin solo, Fritz Kreisler. Humoresque (Dvorak), violin solo, Fritz Kreisler.
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY iiiKNim ' SSa^W CH.STE1 MORRIS ' J l-EO CARRILLO Z' 'll 'A Ihelen mack A Columbia Picture | THOMAS MITCHELL —and— REX BELL in m “TOO MUCH BEEF”
— LAST^ DAY — Edw. Everett Horton in “WILD MONEY” —AND— KENT TAYLOR in “Love in a Bungalow”
Thursday - Friday - Saturday SMITH BALLEW in “WESTERN GOLD” —and— JOHN WAYNE in IDOL OF THE CROWDS”
—LAST DAY-
HIS PEN WON VICTORIES % WHERE ARMIES HAD FAKED' Mr. PAUL MUNI ^ ^ “The Life of Emile ^-'ZOLA ^ ^ ^ GaLB SONDERGAARD • JOSEPH ^LDKRAW - Gloria Holdea VK Crisp • Erin 0*Bncn>Moore * Henry O'Neill
Thursday - Friday LEW AYRES MARY CARLISLE IN “HOLD ’EM NAVY”n I
■-a
rj
^yedilesday, Nov^ber 3. 1937
THE i»URDUE EXPONENT
Fraternities Will Compete In Softball Finals Today
AGR's Win Protest Over Monday's Semifinal Tilt Alpha Gamma Rho gained the right to meet Phi Delta Theta tonight in the finals of the inter-fraternity softball champion-
ship last night by a decision of three judges.
Monday , night’s squabble over the semi-final game between Alpha Gamma Rho and Phi Kappa Sigma was cleared up, when
the AGR’s were awarded a 2 to ^
1 victory. p. Kappa Pledges
Win Annual Night Touchhall Game
Play Protested
At the close of the game on Monday night the score was tied at 2 all, but the AGR’s protested one of the plays. Their protest was brought before M. M. Ross, J. W. Greenis, a^d R. W. Middleton, who, represent] ng the intramural department, gave a unanimous decision in fr.vor of the protesters. All of j^the trouble in the game was hrOu^t on in the last half of ,the,^fth inning, with Alpha Gamma Rho leading, 2 to 1, Umpii’e Mangas behind the plate, and a runner on third base'. The pitcher delivered the ball to the plate and a strike was called on the batter. The catcher received the ball, walked out about three steps in front of the plate and tossed the ball to the pitcher who had left his box to receive it. As the pitcher turned to go to the-box, the runner left third and crossed the plate. The pitcher returned the ball to the catcher and an unsuccessful play was attempted on the runner at the plate. Runner Called Safe Umpire Mangas called the runner safe and stated that there was nothing to keep the runner from scoring. Alpha Gamma Rho protested the interpretation of the rule and were assured by Mangas that if the rule book stated otherwise the decision would be reversed.
Pi Kappa Phi pledges beat the actives, 20-18, in their third, annual night touchball game last night in the Pi’^Kapp backyard. This is the first time in the series the pledges have won, the actives having won both previous matches.
TQUCHBALL
—TODAY— 1— Ward 7X vs. Ward 2—Boyer. 2— Phi Delta Theta vs. Beta Sigma Psi—Billings. 3— Beta Theta Pi vs. Kappa Delta Rho—Caparoso. 4— Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Chi Rho—Captain. 5— Delta Tau Delta vs. Lambda Chi Alpha—Juillard. 6— Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon—Leppla. 7— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Theta Chi—Briscoe. 8— Phi Kappa vs. Phi Kappa Tau. ,—Troyer. 9— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon—Kerber.
Alpha Gamma Rho sent a protest to the intramural department, and on the basis of'rule 28 section two, the protest was granted.
The Union Cafeteria / serves wholesome food—cooked just the way you like it. Modern equipment and up-to-date methods are used in our Immaculately Clean kitchen for your health’s sake. Two fast moving lines will assure you of Quick, Courteous Service fiwidusL TyisumftmL lAmofL Corner of the Campus—Yet , the Center of Activities
By J. S. Brown Following close on the heels of Pittsburgh’s crushing gridiron defeat of Wisconsin a week ago Saturday, comes the announcement that Pitt will no longer subsidize its
athletes.
—fc—
This announcement more or less confirms what has been commonly believed concerning the Pitt football situation the last few years— that football ■&t Pittsburgh has been on a commercial scale, that athletes have been recruited and subsidized and that altogether the grid setup there has been as nearly professional in nature as it could be without openly admitting professionalism.
—fc—
Pittsburgh’s football ■ teams during the last few years have showp that money will produce winners. Last year they ranked number one in the nation, the year before tenth, in 1934 they were second, and in ’33 they were fifth. Pitt has rated twelfth or better nationally every year since 1930. « —— Of course, it is nice to have a championship grid squad every year but sometimes the methods resorted to in order to gain this end do not justify the returns. After all, college athletics ar§ primarily amateur, originally instituted to provide recreation and exercise for students. When an organization loses sight of this end, and becomes so crazed with the idea of victory at any price, that it is willing to commercialize the sport to obtain that victory, then that organization has lost sight of the real purpose behind college athletics.
—fc—
The Pittsburgh athletic directors are to be congratulated on their declaration of intentions. Whether they will carry out their present plans or not is another thing, but if they do, they will have done their bit towards erasing part of the stigma on the 'name of college athletics at the present time. —^fc— ' Pitt football teams of the next few years may not be the “worldbeaters” that they are today and have Been of late, but at least they will live up to the old, and it seems, sorhewhat outmoded, definition of an amateur—one who takes part in^ a sport for the love of the game it-
self.
VfiANue^k’oMhPueotiE Qumo Marked improvement in Frank Bykowski’s playing has netted him a starting guard, assignment for the Boilermakers. Frank is only a sophomore, and hails from South Bend.
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent
Frosh Distance Men Meet Varsity Today This afternoon will be a red-letter day in the cross counfry careers of freshmen out for the distance I’un, as they will come up against the varsity in the big test of the year. Every year this meet is used to pick those yearlings who will get numerals for their efforts during the season, and this year 'will see them out again striving to be among the chosen few. A number of the first year team men have turned out to be very promising, and if they all turn out next year with the same spirit, Purdue’s cross counti’y squad will be hax’d to beat.
SOFTBALL
Today-—4:15 Diamond 1_H-1 vs. A-1. 2— B-1 vs. C-1. 3— D-1 vs. E-1. 4_F-1 vs. S-1. 5— H-2 vs. A-2. 6— B-2 vs. C-2. 7— D-2 vs. E-2. 8— F-2 vs. S-2. 9_H-3 vs. A-3. 10— B-3 vs. C-3. 11— D-3 vs. E-3. 12— F-3 vs. S-3 13— H-4 ys. A-4. « 14— B-4 vs. C-4. 15— D-4 vs. E-4. 16— F-4 vs. S-4. 17— Ward 13 or Ward 2X vs. Cary Hall 5 or Cary Hall 2—Igney. 18— Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa Sigma or Alpha Gamma Rho—Kriegbaum and Mangas.
GARDENIAS IN HER HAIR
What could be more charmihg than gardenias nestled in the deep waves of her hair— or peeping out from among the cluster of curls at her forehead. Order early and give your date the best. .
Roth^ Florist Courte&y, Dependability and Prompt Delivery LUNA THEATER BLDG. 7955 — 8050 '
Boilermakers Prepare For
/
Annual Fordham Battle Specializing in a wide open, style of attack, the Boilermakers jjave turned their thoughts in the direction of New York in preparation for their annual invasion of the East this Saturday when they encounter the powerful Fordham Rams at the
Polo Grounds in New York.
When the Elwardmen trot out on the New York battleground this Saturday they will be seeking revenge for last year’s 15-0 defeat handed them by Jimmy Crowley’s pupils. A win this Saturday will give the Gold and Black warriors three wins out of four games played against the powerful Empire State club\
* Last Year’s Battle
During last year’s encounter with the Boilermakers the Rams not only defeated the Boilermakers but put on one of their 'greatest shows. They did things in the Purdue contest that they did not do in the other games of the season. Gurake galloped 80 yards for the longest run of the Purdue-Fordham series; Woitoski booted a punt 70 yards for the longest punt made by the Rams last year; and Palau kicked the New Yorkers’ only field goal of the sea-
son.
A1 in all, the lads of Fordham made last season’s fracas with, the Boilermakers a red-letter day for themselves. Last season’s defeat of the Purdue squad in the East marked the first time that the Boilermakers have been beaten in the East since Navy’s national champions of 1925 outlasted the Lafayette eleven 17-14 in a thriller. Try To Make Good Showing Many members of the Purdue squad are more than anxious to make a good showing in the battle against the Fordham eleven, but Cecil Isbell, will be the Boilermaker who wishes to be in stride the most when the Elwardmen face Crowley’s charges this Saturday. “Cec” has never played in a Purdue-Ford-ham meeting when the Gold and Blacks emerged victorious. Although he was a member of the 1935 team that defeated the New Yorkers he sat on the bench as the result of a shoulder injury received in the Northwestern night game of that season.
Alpha Phi Omega Will Show Movies Tonight
Movies of the National Jamboree
in Washington, D. C., and of tjbtfr^team championship.
International Jamboree in Holland last summer will be the feature tonight of the Alpha Phi Omega meeting at 7 o’clock in Michael Golden Shops. Alpha Phi Omega, national scout honorary, is holding tonight’s meeting as an open meeting
and get-togetherf
The movies were taken by John Ahrens, a student here in the University, while traveling through the East and Europe last summer. He has a total of about 2,500 feet of film, of which selected parts will be
shown.
Paul Humphrey is doing a great job of filling in the vacancy left by last year’s captain, George Bell, at center. His biggest asset is backing up the line on defense. Humphrey is the onl^ junior in the Boilermak-
er starting lineup.
Devaney Leads Ward 2X To Defeat Ward 13 Clouting two circuit blows and driving in five rpns. Coach Bill Devaney of the House of Davis won his own softball game yesterday afternoon as his Ward 2X team trounced Ward 13, to enter the final round of the intramural softball tourna-
ment.
Ward 2X engages Cary Hall 2 this afternoon at 4 o’clock on Intramural Field to determine the softball
Inter-Battery Softball Games Will Start Today Inter-battery softball competition will start this afternoon with teams from the 32 batteries engaging in t}ir66 dsys of plsy, toinorow
and .Friday.
Each team will, play thi-ee games, and Friday evening the eight leading teams will be selected to enter the semi-finals which will be held
next week.
Have You Checked Your Formal Clothes.^
Co-eds— Are your Formals Clean and Fresh for the Ball? Eds— Have you had Your Dress Suits Pressed and Cleaned?
West Side Cleaners
Northwestern at Vine
Phene .4091
-Is;.if
I"
¥
t
'A
i
THE PUIQ>tJ£ MPDHHNt
Wednesday. November 3# 1937
University Calendar
—TODAY— Dist, Recreatio-nal Training School: Faculty lounge of the Union at 9 a. m. Parents' Institute: Auditorium of the H. Ec Building at 9 a. m. Women's Pan-Hellenic Meeting: Room F of the Union at 4:30 p.m. Fraternity Advisors’ Dinner Meeting: Phi Delta Theta house at 6 p. m. First Aid Meeting: Women’s Gymnasium in Engineering Administration Building at 7:15 p. m. Camera Club Meeting: Reception room of the Union, at 7 ,p. ra. Campus Cooking Class: Room B of the Union at 7 p. m. l-]ta Kappa Nu Meeting: Room A of the Union at 7 p. m. Pictures of National and International Boy Scout Jamboree: Room 101 Michael Golden Shops at 7 p. m. Horticultural Club: Room 202 of the Horticultural Building at 7 p. m. Religious Council Meeting: Room C of the Union at 7 p. m. AIEE Meeting: Room 129 in the EE Building at 7:30 p. m. Art Club Meeting: Room D of the Union at 7:30 p. m.
Swmgtiiiie Jimmy
at^tennis courts. Engraved Eugene H. Duval. Phone 6071. Reward.
FOR SALE—Two Military Ball tickets. Call H. D. Pogue, 2975, immediately.
Notices No Notice* Accepted After I p
—Today— 11:00—American Institutions, Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks, Glenn Sample, 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:36—Sports Review, by Bob Heine. 12:46—^Wanita Wilson. 1;00—Meditations, Rev. Claud Young. 1:15—"Vocational Guidance, ^ Gilbert D. Williams. 1:30—Keeping Ahead of the Joneses. ' , 1:45—Markets and Weather. 2:00—^Lafayette Grade School Program. 2:15—This Week in Literature, A. R. Rolfs. 2:30—You and' Your Child, 2:45—Cathedral Echoes, Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 3:00—^The Home Decorator. 3:15—American Scene. 3:30—Music With the Masters. 4:00—The Story Book Hqur. 4:15—-Marjorie Starrett, Popular Melodies. 4:30—You and Your Radio. 4:45—Leonard Raftree. University instrudor Pens Article For Art Magazine In the October issue of the magazine Design appears an article by Miss Helen Goeppinger, instructor in the University art department. ' - In her article “A Beginning Original Design Problem for College Students” she discusses the work as given here at the University. Miss Goeppinger is now on a year’s leave of absence.
jimmy CAGNEY: is the maestro of the baton and of the dance in Something to Sing About” now showing at the New Main.
Purdue Engineer; Subscribers who have not yet paid, please do so before November at the Union desk. —HAMMER.
Virginia C. Meredith Club: Meeting for all home economics women November 4, at 7 p. m, in peasant room of the Union. Dean Stratton will speak. —DE WITTE.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph w^k. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOR RENT — Very desirable double room. 132 Sheetz. Phone 7242. *
FOR R^NT — One-half double room. 462 Vine street. Phone 31793
LOST—At tennis courts, pen with name Eugene H. Duval. Phone 5071 Reward.
LOST—Tiny gold baseball medal Saturday. Call 4051, Jean Pray. Reward.
FOR RENT—^Half double room, 462 Vine. Phone 31793.
LOST—Pearl green Parker Duo fold fountain pen. Please call Crea ger, 66112. Reward.
To have that just right feeling for the Military Ball, come to Loeb's Beauty Salon and let our skilled operators dress your hair in the most alluring way. Dial 7901
tOEB & M C NE COMPANY Beauty Salon Second Floor
. LOST—-Alpha Phi Omega key, bearing name, G. W. Gault, November ’35. Call 2964. LOST—-Gotham wrist watch, pen.
WAA Cabin Leadership Course: First aid meeting v^ill be held November 3, 7 :16 p.m. at the Women’s Gym. ■ —SWICK.
YWCA: Music group meeting November 3 at 4 p. m. in the YWCA office. —ZUSSIN.
ASME: The group picture of the ASME for the 1938 Debris has been postponed until November 16 at 7:40 p. m. in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building. Watch for later announcements. —WOLVERTON.
Motorcycle Riders: Sign your name be-
(paupoiLJb Beautiful LegsHOSIERY BY
ra
Enhance beautiful legs with Nomeuds, the stockings that are nationally famous for quality. Beautiful knee-lengths or cus-tom-tailored full lengths to fit every leg. Our hosiery club will save you money, too! Queen City South Side Square
fore November 8 on the paper at tite main Union desk for the purpose of getting offlcial recognition of the Purdue Cycle Club. ^ GLENN. YWCA Personal Relations Committee: Important meeting November 3 at 4 o’clock iri the YWCA office in the Union Building. —HEINE.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting November 8 at 7 p. m. in the Michael Golden Shops. Visitors welcome. —MOORE.
Union Workers: All sophomore workers who are free, report to work room November 3, at '7 p. m., to work ort Military Ball decorations. Special credits will be given. —SAMUELSON., Fraternity Presidents: Council meeting ing November 4 at 6 p. m. at the Kappa Delta Rho house. —WHITING.
Conditional Students: Examinations for the removal of conditions in ME 31 and ME 61 will be given December 4 at 1 p.m. in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Any student wishing to take this test must see me before November 27. —MESSERSMYTH.
Minstrel Show Pony Chorus: Will the following girls report to the tower room with practice clothes and tap shoes at 4 p. m. November 3: Margaret Stocker, Mary Jean Sexton, Willie Gross, Ruth Bennett, Dorothy Kolar, Thelma Goodman, Jean Jones, and Harriet Shepard. —EASTBURN.
Purdue Riding Club: Meeting in Union office November 4 at 7:30 p. m. —BRELSFORD.
Co-ed Bowling: Kappa Kappa Gamma and Phi,Mu will bowl November 3 at 7 p.m.
Kappa Alpha Theta and Chi Omega vrill bowl at 8 p. m. —CROSSMAN.
Union Workers: My committee report for work in the Union office November 8 at 4 p. m. —CROSSMAN.
Sigma Delta' Psi: All Sigma Delta Psi nien and all men interested in Sigma Delta Psi meet in Memorial Gym at 4 p. m. November 4. ’ —FIFIELD, Lutheran Students Association: Meeting for all members in room B of the Union Building November 8 at 4 p. m. —PLANK.
Reamer Club: Important meeting November 3 at 8 p. m. in Union Building. —ROSS. Delta Rho Kappa Pledges: Meet November 4 at 4 p. m. in room F of the Union Building. —MERRITT.
WAA Riflery: 'Practice November 3. At 6:16 p. m.. Ward 3 ; 7:00, make-up; 7:46, Kappa Alpha Theta; 8 :80, Pi Beth Phi. —CHRISTENSON.
Playshop Costume Committee: Meet November 4 at 4 p. m. in the sub-basement of the Union Building. ^ —McCOOL.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting at 7 :46 . m. November 3 in office. STEWART.
Glider Club: Open meeting in room C of the Union at 7 :30 p. m., November 6. Vacancies in membership will be filled, at this time. . —MOORE.
Committee meefting November 4 at 4 p. m. in YWCA office. ' —CONZER.
Freshmen Basketball Squad: The following men report for freshman basketball. Monday,.Wednesday, and Friday, 8 p. m. to 6 p. m. All other candidates will report for trial Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. Bausman, Boase, Brough, Brlnkerhoff, Chamberlain, Cramer, Coplen, Gilliam, Heftzing, Hardy, Igney. Minney, Partridge, Pauline, Rechenbach, Richards, Reeder, Rohrbough, Rieth, Stallings, Swartz, and Witsman. _ —LAMBERT.
Reamer Pledges: Short meeting at 7:30 p. m. November 3 in Union lounge. Attendance compulsory. —KNOTTHAUER.
WAA Archery Practice: There will be a practice November 3 at 4 p; m.; indoors if it rains. —BOEHM.
Virginia C. Meredith Club: All home economics women are invited to attend a meeting in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building November 4 at 7 p. m. Dean Stratton will be the main speaker. —DE WITT.
Orchesis: Important meeting and practice for ail members and ail inteersted November 3 at 7:30 p. m. in the Women’s Gymnasium. —HARRY.
Union Workers: Members of our committees report to work room at 4 p. m. November -3. —MASON. HARPER, TURNER. SAMUELSON. MATTHEWS.
YWCA Co-eds: Social Service and Hospital
Horticultural Club. Meet at 7 p. m. November 3, in rooUi 201 of the Horticultural Building. ; ■ —SHEETS.
For this occasion, we are prepared to offer the latest
New and priginal creations for the hair, shoulder bouquets and wristlets. Mr. E. H. Harvey, nationally known creator of new modes in flower styles, who is in charge of oUr de-
on special arrangements.
Please place your order early
Phone 5432
527 Main St.
Chesterfields give everybody more pleasure Take out a pack and it draws ’em like a magnet. . . right away smokers crowd around for that refreshing MILDNESS BETTER TASTE
Copyright 19)7, Liooett & Myehs Tobacco Co,