if if-fs S J , . ' 4 Vis'*- *4?**' I , .n -r pf
'/* '"m. 4.; *
‘ ■^r ' /■ '’"*3 j ” ' ‘ ‘
^ f ^ ^ :K, i.
"^' -^' Y 'jji -j
1 r
r- ‘.f. ‘ f-"'r 'L H :. >'f' i ], i ^ ^ ^ /U . ^ ‘ ^ ^ J 3 ^ } \ \ * I ^ 1 h' ^ ^ ^
4
4-^ S 3
'fj:
©he
' r ^ %i f "' '« 4 ^ "" ! ' ?
Published Daily by Slfudents of t*uirdue University
XExjJiiiTjejtl
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 3,1937
NUMBER lot
11 Beauties To Model At AU-Ag Dance Debris Solections Will Displa"^ Spring Costumes Friday Eleven Debris beauties will display the latest in spring costumes Friday night at the AlJ-Ag Dailce in the Memorial Union ballroom from 9 to 12 o’clock. The ensembles for the style show will be furnished by the Palais Royal, Lafayette dress shop, and will consist largely of a preview showing of Prom frocks and other spring costumes. Louis Segal, proprietor of the Palais Royal, has been in New York City for the past week making new selections, many of which will be shown at the dance. Beauties Miss Ruth Ezra, one of the Debris selections, will have charge of the style show. Others who will model are Louise Bain, Betty Barnett, Jessie Graham, Frankie Ford, Mary Ellen Foreman, Jean Hanely, Virginia Hulse, Mary Ed Johnston, Dorothy Kuehn, and Rosemary Milburn. The ballroom will be arrayed with an aggregation of palms as the dance is being held the week-end of the State Florists’ Convention, the great hall will be decorated with flowers. Tickets Although the dance is primarily for agricultural students and instructors and members of the extension and experiment station staff it is also open to the public. Tickets at one dollar, may be secured from any of the members of Alpha Zeta, Xi Sigma Pi, or Ceres, agricultural honoraries, who are sponsoring the dance. Pat Clinton and l)is campus band, who have been prominent in dancing circles at Illinois and Indiana Universities, and who is playing at noon in the Union cafeteria this week, will provide the music for the dance.
Thirteenth Military Carniml Set For March 17; Plan Unusual Program
//
30
//
By Hugh Morris
March 3, 1937 DURING these days of sit-down strikes one shudders to think what might happen if the imagination were allowed to go the limit in inventing various variations of the strikes . . . Imagine, for example, ■v^at would happen if the faculty were to stage ar misinformation strike! Entire classes would be taught things like this... —30— “WASHINGTON crossed the Delaware in 1492; f;he square root of 4 is equal to 3; 2 plus 2 equals 5; A tax is a voluntary contribution made by citizens eager to spend their money on schools, roads, public buildings, auditoriums and swimming pools; George III offered the American colonies their liberty but Thomas Paine led a successful movement to keep the colonists under British rule; Hydrogen plus Oxygen, gives milk, upon the application of heat” . . . and one coul4 go on indefinitely . . . —30— FORTUNATELY, however, teachers thus far have failed to exercise such ingenuity in their few strikes for highei* wages in Chicago, Detroit, and other cities. With all the misinformation already abroad in the world, the contribution of that sort of strike would leaye us pretty well addled . . . this idea, incidently, is not offered to the fftculty here for what if; is worth . . . —.30— NEW types of poetic phrasing have been invented by a budding poet at San Francisco State College. Special verbs, formed from nouns and used in a verbial and adverbial sense, make the basis for the works, of which these are a few illustrations: ‘‘Road yourself.” . . . “love cliffly.” . . . and ’‘hill yoprself, ”... Whynot “Be yourself?”
By Carl Sadler When' members of the ROTC corps form in and around the Armory the evening of March 17 for the advent of the Military Carnival, it will mark the thirteenth occasion on which such an exhibition has been staged by the Purdue-unit. Unlucky thirteen? Not on your life, say the ROTC boys, for they are confident that with the largest corps in years and a program of trick formations, sham battles, gun demonstrations and other events of more than usual interest in store, this will be the largest and most spectacular carnival ever presented in the Armory. Past Records A glance at past records, however, indicated that they definitely have a mark to shoot at. First conceived in 1919 the initial Carnival was presented in March of the following yeaV/With 1200 cadets participating and a capacity crowd packing the Armory. A band concert, crack gun and close order drills, demonstrations of the new tractors, and the highlight of the evening, individual stunts by each of the four classes with the freshmen declared the ■winners with their “get dressed” race presented as “mute protest against the inevitability of reaching eight
Playshop Asks For Petitions Petitions for Playshop Board positions will be accepted this week before Friday at 4 o’clock at the main desk of the Memorial Union Building. Positions available are Chairman of Production, Business, Publicity, Stage, Lights, Properties, Make-up, Costumes, House, Art, and Secretary. Elections will be held Monday afternoon, and announcement of the new Board will be made Tuesday. The newly elected Board will be in charge of the remaining play of the season, “Martine,” to be presented on Mother’s Day.
Health Service Provides Free Fecal Analysis Free fecal examinations are being offered to University students by the Student Health Seridce through the cooperation of the parasitology laboratory in the old Student Health Service office in Stanley Coulter Hall. Dr. W.'H. Headlee, of the biology department, is in charge of the examinations. This is the first time that this service has been offered to Purdue students, but Dr. S. J. Miller, of the Health Service, stated that the examination is compulsory in southern colleges, where 20 per cent of the students are found to have hookworms. Containers Containers and slips may be obtained at the Health Ser’vice at any time during the day, and the specimens may be taken to old Student Health Service ansrtime from 8 to 12 or from 1 to 4 o’clock any day except Sunday. The student may call for his report within 48 hours. The analysis shows the presence of hookworm, ringworm, amoebic dysentery, vacillary dysentery, and other disturbances. If any disease is detected, the student is asked to report to the Health Service for treatment. Dr. Miller reported that one case of amoebic dysentery and traces of other pathological cases had already beentfound. Five hundred students had taken advantage of the examination yesterday.
Feb.RabifaUOfl.57Iii. Tippecanoe and sqrrounding counties received a total rainfall of 1.67 inches during the month of February, raising the amount of rain that has fallen this year to 7.39 inches, a 1.16 inch increase over the total rainfall for the same period last year. The average temperature for February was 30.87 degrees.
o’clock military class on time “providing the entertainment for the Annual Event evening. Declared a howling success those concerned decided to increase the howl to a roar with a bigger and better carnival the following year. Equally successful, it was decided b;^ unanimous consent to incorporate the Carnival as an annual event on the yearly military program. In 1924 a ne'w feature, “Over The Top,” was added with the entire corps staging a mass attack on a hapless enemy machine gun nest to the accompaniment of booming guns and the sharp crack of machine gun fire. The event continued as a season’s highlight year by year until depression years brought a regretful halt to proceedings following the presentation of 1931, only to be revived in all its Old glory in. March, 1936, on a bi-annual basis with the present carnival as the second in the
Co-eds—Have You Heard About The State ^Playday^^ By Beth McCool Have you heard about the State Playday? If you don’t know what it’s all about, come to the Women’s (JJymnasium on Friday at 4 o’clock and find out. W. A. A. is holding a rally to enlighten those who are in the dark. There will be a general discussion of the coming event at that time. W. A. A. invites all co-eds, especially those interested in helping to manage an actmty or in taking part in the games, to come to the Playday Rally and find out about the “event of the year.” Kappas vs. Chi O’s As an added attraction, the Kappas and the Chi O’s will play off one of the most exciting basketball games of the year. It is the final game in a battle for the intramural championship. The State Playday proper is to be held on March 13. It •will give the Purdue co-eds, as hostesses, a chance to show the co-eds of the other state schools what they can do in the field of sports. A feature of the Playday will be a talk given by Miss Elizabeth Halsey on “Opportunities For Leadership On The Campus And In The Community.” Miss Halsey is the head of the department of Physical Education and advisor to the W. A. A. at the University of Iowa.
R. J. Kryter Will Address Meeting Of AIEE Tonight R. J. Kryter, sales manager of the Esterline-Angus Qo., will address a meeting of the A. I. E. E. tonight at 7:30 in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building on the subject “Remote Control Metering.” According to W. L. Wearly, chairman of the University branch of the A. I. E. E., there will be a short business meeting following the address. Current business will be discussed, committees established, and arrangements will be made for the spring elections during the meeting.
Pledge At N. U, Injured During Hell Week A promising freshman basketball and football star of Northwestern University, Wayne Fisher, was in a seripus condition at the Evanston hospital yesterday as a result of a “piling” match, taken part in by Fisher, who is a pledge, and seventeen stu(|ents, in connection with Delta Tau Delta fraternity “hell week.”
Phi Sigma Kappa Phi Sigma Kappa announces the pledging of the following; J, Collins, Huntingsburg; H. F. Greenwood, Oxford; K. G. Hookanson, Chicago, HI.
Singing Star
Betty Granger
Singing Is Long Suit^ Says Granger Betty Granger, slim, blond, and a brown-eyed soprano, was dragged to the Union Show tryouts by an enthusiastic roommate who had heard her sing—and she came home with the leading role. Originally from Dixie, Miss Granger made her singing debut at the age of five, when she sang before a large congregation at a Dallas Texas, church. Then followed a career that embraced a role as an angel in “Faust” and a brief interval as a professional adagio dancer. Her training has been supervised by her mother, who was an accomplished singer. Best At Singing As Evelyn Devine, the romantic American girl in “Castles In The Air,” Miss Granger finds her chief difficulty in her inability to “emote” so that it will carry into the fifth row of the balcony. Sin^ng, not love-making, is her long suit, she says, but she expresses a willingness to learn. “Lantern ^ Love,” “Sweetheart Of Your Dreams,” and “The Land Of Romance” are several of her songs. Swimming and picnicking are her hobbies. She likes to play baseball —with a bat and glove—^none of this sissy stuff for her! Until recently a victim of the fiu. Miss Granger has resumed practice with the cast, and expects to be perfectly well when the curtain goes up on March 13.
Plan Festival Day To Replace May Queen Coronation Plans for Festival Day, an innovation to the campus, are now in progress. This event, to be held on May 9, will be part of the qnnnal entertainment for University mothers. The committee in charge has planned this day to replace the activities of the usual May Day celebration. This year the crowning of the queen of May will be a part of an old English pageant. Tryouts Next Week All eds and co-eds interested in participating in the dancing part of the festival are urged by the committee to try out at a meeting in the Women’s Gymnasium, March 11. Mary Tangerman, chairman of Festival Day committee, states: “With the thorough cooperation of both the men and women on the campus, we hope to make this day the most outstandmg one ever to be planned for the entertainment of our mothers.” Committees Tbe cDxnwittees in charge of the entertainment are: Dance committee, Helen Ellis, Miss Helen Hazelton, Floy Crepps, and Jean Small. Costumes, Marian Willoughby, Martha Ann Avery, and Georgianna Huber. Posters, Helen Goeppinger, Betty Driscoll, and Marjorie Poor. Music, A1 Stewart, and Jean Soehner. Publicity, Jeanne Janousek. Program, Edna Hutson. Seating and ushering Phyllis Crossman. Staging and properties, Martha Gillespie. Business Manager, Margaret Richey.
Prom Queen Petitions Are Available Today Committee Will Meet Saturday To Select Co-ed To Lead Promenade Petitions for declaring candidacy for queen of the'1937 Junior Prom may be obtained at the Student Senate office on the second door of the Memorial Union Building from 4 to 6 o^eloeh this afterhoon, tomorrow afternoon, or l^day afternoon, Biek Craig, chairman of the Senate elections committee, announced last night.
Petitions may be taken out by any student or by any organization. Only junior co-eds are eligible for the honor, and the petitions must be signed by 26 junior students, either or both male or female. No scholastic requirements are necessary. Only junior co-eds are eligible for the honor, and the petitions must be signed by 26 junior students, either or both male or female. No scholastic requirements are necessary. Saturday Is Deadline One o’clock Saturday afternoon is the deadline for returning the petitions, Craig said. The selection is being rushed through so that the Prom committee can use engra-vings of the -winner for publicity purposes. " The selecting committee made up of T. W. Braham, Prom chairman; D. N. Wait and J. C. Esterline, of the Student Senate; Jean Adkins and Dorothy Kuehn, Mortar Board members; and W. W. Hodgdon and G. W. Martin, Iron Key seniors, -will meet Saturday afternoon to choose the co-ed who will lead the Prom parade with the dance chairman. Martin stated last night that the queen would be chosen -with consideration for looks, personality, and popularity.
Sigma Xi To Hear Bushnell Land utilization research in Indiana will be discussed by T. M. Bushnell, J. B. Kohlmeyer, and F. V. Smith of the University staff before a meeting of the Purdue chapter of Sigma Xi, research honorary society, to be held in the faculty lounge of Memorial Union Building Friday evening at 7:30 o’clock. Kohlmeyer, who has been actively engaged in the program designed to retire sub-marginal land, will emphasize the interests and duties of the public in the proper use of all land. Smith will deal with the recent researches of the University farm management department. The applications of physical inventory data to land classification and land use planning will be the subject of Bushnell’s talk.
Decorative Idea To Win Prom Comp
A complimentary ticket to the 1937 Junior Prom ■will be awarded to the student submitting the best acceptable decoration plans for the dance, W. F. Bailey, chairman of Prom decorations, announced last night. The decorative scheme, with an estimate on the cost, may be sqbmitted to Bailey at the Sigina Nu fraternity before March 10. The contest is open to all students.
Janet Roper Recovering From Appendectomy Janet Roper, freshman honjie economics student who underwent an appendicitis operation Friday night, is recovering as rapidly as can be expected, officials at the St. Elizabeth Hospital stated last night.
BSXPONENT BOARD
All elected officers of the Exponent are expected to attend a meeting in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station at 4 o'clock this afternoon. ^MORRIS.
Basketball Banquet To Close Season “Piggy” Lambert Will Celebrate 20th Year Of Coaching Purdue’s basketball season ■will come to an “official” close tonight at 6:30 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building as Boilermaker hardwood fans turn out en masse to pay tribute to the brilliant twentyyear coaching record of Ward “Piggy” Lambert, the achievements of the current quintet, and stars of other Lambert-coached quintets, who have contributed to the basketball glory of the institution. The outpouring will take place on the occasion of the fifteenth annual banquet sponsored by the Lafayette Lions Club, which will feature Joseph A. Andrew, Tippecanoe county representative in the state legislature, as principal speaker, and Harold Van Orman, former Lt. Governor, nationally noted as a talented master of ceremonies, as the toastmaster. A gala evening is assured, ■with the announcement of letter mvards to the members of both the varsity and freshmen varsity squads, and the election of a leader for the 1937^ 38 ■varsity among the many features of the program. Former Greats To Return In addition to Coach Lambert, the varsity and freshman varsity squad members, and members of the athletic staff, personal invitations have been sent to the members of the nineteen Purdue quintets that preceded No. 20 to attend the banquet, and a number of former basketball greats are expected to be in attendance.
Mrs. Josselyn To Review Book On Modern Poetry Mrs. L. W. Josselsm, browsing room librarian, will review a book of modern poetry at a meetiz^ of the Y. W. C. A. literature group this afternoon at 4:00 o'clock in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. Betty Klein, chairman of the group, announced that anyone may attend even though they are not members o£ that particular group.
Miss Beeman To Address Meredith Qnh Tonight The Virginia C. Meredith Cfiuh will hold its weekly meeting tonight at 7:15 o'clock in room F of the Memorial Union Building. Margaret Beeman will lead a diseussion on the subject “How Do Yon Do It?* covering current problems of the co-eds, and will also rhview a hook on good manners. LUlian Murphy, president of thn club, urges that all home ecomnnics students attend the meeting.
Captain Kay To Speah On SmaR Arms “Small Arms Ballisties**'wiB he the subject of an address to he delivered by Captain William L, Kag» Instructor in‘the ndBtsry depart^ ment and coach of the Umvoveitar pist<d teaffi, at a meeting to he held in room B of Gm Memorial Union Building this ex^ ning at 7:30 o'clock.
Forty-one stntes and 17 emmtrhtt are represmited among the stndNota of Lonisiaim Shute Ilhiver^ltyCI >*'
&
'’i-I /^‘ ■''' I PygaTgro^
FwpT7vFTT|i5^p;f
THE PURDUE EZPOKENT
* ««1* _
QTfie ^tttbue exponent
ftMUftied in lies
Sntmd M Mcond claas matter at the post office, Lafapett^ Indian^ Delivered by ™»w^ $0.10 per year; dtelivered by carrier, $2.50 per year; sold by h single copy, 2 cents.
Basinsas Phone 50SS
OPFICB—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL BOARD OF CONTROL R. J. HuUe. chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF Managing Editor. E. H. Morris dasociate Editors K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler Sophomore Assistants... W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J. R. Clark L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, A I. Stanback, O. R. Vance E. H. KeUogg, K. E. O'Neil Bold and Black Editor J. C. Ohaver
Business Manager National Advertising Manager... Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager
BUSINESS STAFF
R. J. Hulse L, H. Brown D. C. Miller .J. P. Girard
Editor . Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF L. D. Wood W. H. PHfield, S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
Editor. Associate Editors Advertising Manager.
WOMEN’S STAFF — Helen Creech Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Fyke Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—W. M. Anthony
Prom Queen Precautions
This business of choosing a Prom queen may develop politi cal aspects unless precautionary measures are taken, and it probably will anyway—irregardless of the integrity of the selecting committee. In the first place, we suggest that, after this year, all petitions for the honor be required to be submitted to the Student Senate before Junior Prom elections and before the naming of the committee charged with picking the queen. This would prevent a sorority from nominating a candidate in good standing with one or more members of the committee in preference to a co-ed with more queenly qualities but with less personal influence. Seniors, for the most part, have little interest in campus politics, and only seniors of the best character are eligible for service on the board that chooses the Prom queen. The aforementioned suggestion, however, would reduce possible pressure applied on members of the committee by Greek or independent organizations. The aipount of politics (and here we use “politics” to include a number of human prejudices) entering into the Prom queen selection should vary in reverse proportion to the number of candidates in the field, so we suggest that unless a certain number, say any pumber from seven to ten, of petitions are turned in, the committee draft enough co-eds to complete the minimum. i At Indiana University a popularity election of the entrants in the Prom queen contest is conducted through the registrar’s office, and the names of the five highest candidates are submitted to the Prom queen committee in alphabetical order. The results of the election are not given out, even to the committee. An all-campus poll would help the committee in determining the relative popularity of the candidates, but after last year’s Purdue Exponent-Chicago Tribune beauty election fiasco we hesitate to endorse any such action. A cow, Lulubelle by name, was recently elected Prom queen for the dance at Ohio State University.—R. P. M.
WHO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT IT .. ANN “Theta Baby’’ DAUGHERTY has remained true to a man for more than one semester . . . WILLIAMS, the Phi Belt Prexy, has made a new woman out of her ... she doesn’t even two-time now ..
IN DEFENSE OP WOMEN HATERS We men are in an awful spot Because the women aren’t so hot, So you must listen to our reason Why these co-eds aren’t so pleasin’.
How the Kappas eyes do flicker When they smell a cork of liquor. We’ll never date an Alpha Xi They’re not what they’re cracked up to be.
Advanced Dance Class Still Open
To Independents
The Pi Fi ladies have no heart (We had to censor out their part) The Chi O’s line was censored too Because they’re co-eds of Purdue.
Alpha Chi’s only call us honey When they’re sure we’ve got the money. The Thetas call us cold potatas But who the hell would date the Thetas? (Besides the Betas)
Therefore we are women haters Since co-eds aren’t such hot tomaters, If girls are more than just mere toys They should act it, eh, what—Boys ? —A. W. H.
Courtesy In The Music Room
The music room of the Memorial Union Building was designed for the use and pleasure of all University students. Usually those who use the music room are properly courteous to one another, so that it is on those rare occasions when rudeness is observed that a distinctly bad impression is created. One of the most outstanding examples of churlishness occurred recently. A University freshman, understanding that the music room is open to all students between certain hours, tried to gain admission to the room. It was locked, yet the key to the room wus checked out and music in the room could be heard through the door. The student was properly annoyed at the refusal of whomever it was in the room to admit him, and he knocked on the door for several minutes until finally the door was opened for him. The person who had let him in was in a distinctly bad humor and made undei;-the-breath remarks about p^eople who disturbed him when he was practicing on the piano. He picked up his folios from the music rack and left immediately in a cloud of brimstone. Students who use the music room piano for practicing should arrange to do it when there will be no great demand for the music room, and if some one desires admission, should grant it graciously. They should remember that possession of the music room key does not constitute a lease on it—^that the music room is the common property of every University student. —J. E. B.
More About Courtesy In The Music Room
Those who have registered at the Union desk to use the phonograph in the music room are permitted to take with them to the machine as many recordings as they wish. Most persons who use the machine do not take too much advantage of this opportunity, but a few fill the repeating phonograph to capacity time and again while others are waiting to use the device. Theoretically, perhaps, they have the right to do this, but courtesy demands that they do not monopolize the machine for too long a period while others are wait^. Another type of person makes himself even more a nuisance by his lack of manners in making adjustments to the phonograph while another person is using it. While such adjustments may at times be i^dvisahle, it is very discourteous to make the adjustment without the consent of the operator. When the tones caused by the lack of regulation are very objectionable, the proper thing to do is either to suffer in silence or to leave the room. However, a suggestion to the operator in the proper spirit that he adjust the machine, is also permiseable.—J. E. B.
AS OLD AS IT IS . . . the game of “pinchey winchey” . . . HARRY BURKHOLDER played fall-guy at the Chi 0 house Sunday . . . ATO brothers think “Pinchey Winchey” BURKHOLDER is lots better than “HARRY” THE SAME . .
’TIS NOTICED . ... BILL “ROMEO” DILLON has taken to looking at the sweet thing in life . . . love blossoms in his breast, (nothing unusual) . . .>hat pin pushing will do to a man ... he even speaks to yours truly . . .
SPRING WAS IN THE AIR . . . YESTERDAY ... the last time I wrote of SPRING, ROMANCE, LOVE, etc., it snowed the same day . . . just INDIANA weather . .
POPULARITY NOW ... unheard of before .. . dates galore . . . BETTY GRANGER, Union Show lead, has them now ... of course all the guys are Union workers . . and all such workers are SHOEMAKER’S STOOGES ... and JIM wants publicity . . .
Alpha Phi Omega T o Have Open Meeting
Three Civil Graduates Appointed To New Posts
Three graduates of the University school of civil engineering have recently been appointed to new engineering posts. Ray W. Wakeland, ’ll, has been appointed superintendent of buildings and grounds by the Board of School Commissioners of the city <if Indianapolis.
Sig Greicus, ’30, has resigned his position with the United States Engineers working on the Ft. Peck Dam in Montana, to accept a position as Assistant Civil Engineer with the National Forestry Service at Missoula, Mont. R. M. Sjostrom, ’34, has just accepted a position as office engineer with the E. J. Albrecht Engineering and Contracting Company of Chicago.
All scouts and former scouts interested in a campus service organization are invited to attend an open meeting of Alpha Phi Omega tonight at 7:30 in room D of the Memorial Union Building. Charles Luce, for the last six years director of Indian lore in a New Jersey camp, will give a talk and demonstration on Indian language, dances, songs, and ceremonies.
Activities of Associated Students of the University of California last year showed a' net profit of $169,872.02.
WBAA
TODAY
11:00~
R.
-American Institutions, Prof.
Phillips.
11:50—Purdue News Flashes.
12:00—^Farm Facts, featuring Agricul-
ture Short Course students.
12;16—Luncheon Dance Time, Pat
Clinton’s Orchestra.
12:30—Vocational Guidance 0. B. Johnson, ‘Opportunities In Business.’
12 :4B—Noon Musicale.
1:00—Principles of Leadership, Prof. O. F. Hall, education depart-v
ment.
1:46—^Markets, weather reports. 2:00—Musical Album. 2:16—Browsing Time, Mrs. Lloyd Jos-
selyn.
2:80—Afternoon Musiqale. 2:46—Melody Time. 3:00—Principles of Speech, Robert Horn, classroom discussion. 8;60—Musical Interlude, 4:00—^Lafayette P. T. A, Program. 4:16—Safety Musketeers. 4:80—Twilight Musicale. 4:46—Meditations, Rev. Otto S. Steele.
For the convenience of those stu dents who still wish to enroll in the P. I. A. advanced dance class, the first lesson will be repeated Friday night at 7 o’clock in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building The lessons, under the instruc tion of Mrs. L. Duncan, include instruction in various intricate steps and several new novelty dances The class will meet every Monday night from 7 to 8:30 o’clock. Free Dance In addition to the series of 10 lessons, the association is offering free dance to members of the class in Allen’s ballroom Friday, March 12. Any independent student interested in enrolling may register in the P. I. A. office any afternoon between 4 and 4:30. The price of the instruction is $2.60.
New Code Released For Technical Use
The Installation Codes Committee of the National Warm Air Heating "and Conditioning Association, with Prof. J. D. Hoffman, head of the department of practical mechanics of this University, as its chairman, has now, after two years work, released a new technical code for the design and installation of mechanical warm air heating systems. This committee, headed by Prof. Hoffman, who also heads the Association, has, over a period of several years, formulated three different codes. The first one was for gravity warm air systems; the second, for forced warm air systems. The new code is a technical elaboration of the second for persons who deal with the more theoretical forms of air conditioning.
Student SAE Starts Membership Drive
The student branch of the Society of i^-utomotive Engineers is making a membership drive, extending till April 1, for the purpose of increasing the enrollment of the local chapter. This society, because of its wide field, is open to any engineering student in the University. Journal The society’s publication, “The S. A. E. Journal,” is sent monthly to each member. There are sections devoted to aeronautics, treatment of metals, and highway design, as well as many articles dealing directly with internal combustion engines and the automotive field. Any student interested in the Society, can secure information concerning enrollment and membership applications from W. H. Smythe, H. S. Stone, E. C. Yokel, L. B. Bornhauser, W. M. Vest, or L. P. Helser.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
You.bet I’m different from other women—I’m the one that married you.”
Thetas Name Officers
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the election of the following officers; Marjorie Poor, president; Dorothy Coan, vice-president; Mary Alice Masters, treasurer; Dorothy Martenet, secretary; and Louise Hanley, rush chairman.
FINAL TODAY Robert Montgomery and Madge Evans
“Piccadilly Jim” —also— Robert Kent and Rosalind Keith
“King of the Royal Mounted ”
Family
-LAST day-
double FEATURE
Jane Withers
“Can This Be Dixie” —and— Walter Huston
‘Dodsworth”
STARTING TOMORROW Charles Starrett “Dodge City Trail” ——jl?—a Booth Tarkington’s “Penrod and Sam”
Theta Chi
The Theta Chi fraternity held initiation Sunday, February 28, for actives, faculty and honorary members, and former members of the Delta Sigma Lambda fraternity. The two actives initiated were W. Hooper, Jr., Chicago, 111., and Vernon, Rochester. Faculty and honorary members receiving the initiation were Dr. 0. U. Chenoweth, Dr. A. R. Ross, Dr. E. Nelson, F. W. Duff, J. W. Willard and C. K. Bradshaw. Eighteen alumni of the Delta Sigma Lambda fraternity were initiated into the alumni of the Theta Chi fraternity.
Dairy Club To Give arty Tonight At 7
A. A. Siebenthal, president of the dairy club, invites all dairy students to attend the party to be given tonight at 7:15 in Smith Hall for the short course students taking dairying. ' According to Siebenthal, the party will offer a good opportunity for the students to become better acquainted with their instructors.
Henry Ford the seeohd, grandson of the automobile manufacturer, is now a freshman at Yale.
-LAST DAY-
STARTING TOMORROW Binnie Barnes Wm. Gargan
'Breezing Home’ —and— Roscoe Karns in “Clarence”
Russians Notice Purdue Research
Prof. Ben H. Petty, in charge of highway extension work in the civil enginering school, recently received a letter from J. Lepski, assistant director. Peoples Commissariat of Heavy Industry, Moscow, Russia, concerning an article of Petty’s that appeared in the March, 1936, issue of “Roads And Streets.”A letter from such a distance shows to what extent Purdue resarch work is followed.
0
aiN
FINAL TODAY Reginald Denny Esther Ralston 1q ‘We’re In The Legion Now”
—Plus Douglas Fairbanks Jr. Elissa Landi in “The Amateur Gentleman”
STARTS TOMORROW HE ^ away from RiCHESAND FELL HEAD OVER HEELS ’ IN LOVE!.:.
MJkftS
—LAST DAY-
STARTING TOMORROW
Warren William in “Outcast”
DtrecteJ by Fted CuM. /iuocUlt producer, Lee Mpreue.f. t ih Kj"
f ''fi
7r~T^{
Vi
Wednesday, March 8,1987
TttB JPDTBDtJE EXPONENT
HaTmeson Signed As Head Football, Basketball Coach Glenn Itarineson, former Piirdu6 sports star, has signed a contract as head football and basketball coach at Lehigh University for the next three years, according to Dr. Clement C. Williams, president of Lehigh. Harmeson, who took up his present duties in\1934, has had unusual success with his football teams. Last season Lehigh won six out of eight games, the best record compiled by any Lehigh football squad since 1923. Outstanding victories were over Penn State, Rutgers, and Lehigh’s traditional rival, Lafay-
S.PJE. Winners Of Carnival Trophy By virtue of a long string of entries in the boxing and wrestling events. Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity is winner of the coveted Participation Trophy given to the house amassing the*^greatest number of points in the recent Intramural Carnival. Phi Kappa Psi and Phi Delta Theta fraternities tied for second with 35 points each, 80 points behind the winner. Alpha Chi Rho, with 33 points, was third.
ette. The former Purdue star graduated in 1930 after making three letters in football, basketball, and baseball. i
Get Your Spring and Summer Clothes Ready for Wear Now's the time to send them to the cleaners, all those clothes good for another season's wear and needing a good freshening up before you put them on. Our careful dry cleaning does wonders in restoring the new look of fabrics Bring in your garments now before the rush, and be assured of prompt service West Side Cleaners "Indiana's Most Modern Cleanin#^tant" 222 North Phone 4081
Contest For Ping Pongers Humor Magazine Spon. sors All-Campus Tournament An all-campus ping pong tournament sponsored by College Humor magazine cooperating with the intramural department, will begin nfext Monday in the Memorial Gymnasium, and will be open to all men on the campus. / A gold medal will be presented by the magazine to the winner and "the runner-up will receive a silver medal. Each of the finalists will automatically become members of the U. S. Table Tennis Association for a year.
Wife Of First Purdue Basketball Captain Dies The funeral of Mrs. H. Wallace Reiman prominent resident of Shelbyville was attended by Noble Kizer head of the athletic department, members of the department and Mr. and Mrs. H. G. Reisner. Her husband, Wallace Reiman, was the first captain of a Purdue basketball team and graduated from Purdue in 1903.
«DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
yThe Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
LEARN THE LATE SWING DANCES New Advanced Class FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN ^ Qp^ns Thurs., Mar. 11 4. r:30 V. M. Phone 2150 Allen ^8 6th and Ferry
I rielder’s.... I M ....choice! .■■■luiBy B<d> Walpole —# Basketball is over, all but the shouting which isn’t any too loud .. the Boilermaker squad, a gronp of probably the best collection of individnah stars ever to be together on one team, ended the season in fourth place . . . that isn’t so bad, except a fourth place looks pretty poor as compared to the many titles won by teams in the past. . . —^fc— Congratulations to Glen Downey and Jim Seward . . . Downey is undoubtedly the most underrated guard in the Western Conference ... he played his last game against Michigan, but the crowd was with him when the remainder of the t,eam was cleaning Indiana . . . the ovation given to Glen between halves of the Hoosier classic was wonderful ... it really showed how much the crowd was for him . . . —^fc^— Jim Seward played his best season . . . handicapped by the lack of speed which is the fundamental principle of the Lambert alttaok. Sunny Jim fitted into the picture with ease on most occasions . . . Seward, as well as Downey, was an excelled leader, and his loss by graduation wilL mean much to the wiry little Purdue coach ... —^fc— Jewell Young’s 172 points will hold for a long time unless he manages to break the number next year . . . the mark won’t even be shaded in the Big Ten this season.. . .
Classes In Senior Life Saving Start Monday Afternoon Senior life saving classes for students interested in qualifying for the senior rating will be launched Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Memorial Gymnasium pool, to continue daily through March 19, it was announced Monday night. Instruction in the life saving classes will be in charge of Larry LaBree and Homer Allen, of the division of physical education for men, with the assistance of students who have previously qualified for the examiners’ rating. All students interested in the work are requested to report promptly for first class on Monday afternoon. The national field representative of the American Red Gross is scheduled to be at Purdue March 22 to conduct tests for the examiners’ rating.
Plan Omicron Nu And Meredith Oub Dinner Plans for the Omicron Nu and /^irginia C. Meredith Club dinner vere discussed at a short meeting f the Virginia C. Meredith Club it 7:15 last night in room F >f the Memorial Union Building. Miss Margaret Beeman addressed he group on “Etiquette."
iBeg Pardon The Purdue Graduate Dames club i^ill entertain the Undergraduate iilub tonight in the faculty lounge <tf the Memorial Union Building, Instead of yesterday, as previously stated.
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
TODAY 4:00 p. m.—Book Review sponsored by the YWCA, rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building. 1:00 p. m,—^Union rehearsal. Tower room of the Union Building. 1:00 p. m.—Motion Picture, “Prom Mine To Consumer,” room 101 of the M. G. Shops. 4:00 p. m.—Tower Theater, room A of the Union Building. 5:30 p. m.—Lion’s Club Basketball Banquet, ballroom of the Union Building. r:00 p. m—Horticultural Club, room 202 of the Horticultural Build. 7:30 p. m.—A. I. B. E. Meeting in room 254 of the E. E. Building. 7:30 p. m.—Study Group, room B, of the Union Building. t:30 p. m.—Graduate Dames’ Lecture, faculty lounge of the Union Building. 7:30 p. m.—Alpha Phi Omega, room D of the Union Building. 7:30 p. m.—Ceres Club, room F of the Union Building. 7:30 p. m.—Student Alliance, room A of the Union Building. 7:30 p. m.—Ag Chemists, rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building. 8:00 p. m.—Phi Lambda Upsilon, room B of the Union Building.
12 Boxers Meet Thursday “Piinchy” Maxwen To Referee Meet Twelve fighters have survived the preliminary rounds of the Military Boxing tourney and will battle it out in the final round of the tournament next week to decide the winner in each of the six weight divisions. The final bouts, to consist of three two-minute rounds, will be held in the Memorial Gymnasium, tomorrow starting at four o’clock. Maxwell To Referee The bouts will be under the supervision of the junior athletic Officers and will be refereed by “Punchy” Maxwell, Boilermaker Golden Gloves coach. The winner in each weight division will be awarded a gold medal and a citation, and the runner-up will receive a silver medal. The results of the semi-final bouts in each of the six weight divisions are as follows. 176 lb. Class—Lafuse won from Tibbets, Potter defeated Medd. 160 lb. Class—Jelnick won over Dann, Conklin defeated Burks. 145 lb. Class—Butcher defeated
TODAY Cowi l-^-Oiicialr Aftett 7:00—-Wiii^ (PM Kai»pa IM ivA Theta <My w. Winner (DMta Upsilon vs, P7 K^pqpn Al* pha). Court 2—Official, PMlfiiM 7:00—^Phi Delta Theta H*. Lo0et of (Beta Theta Pi vsl Delta CM) 7:15—Sigma Alpha Mn vs. Winner (Beta Theta Pi vs, D^ CM)
Ffiazee, Henderson won from Sogw. 136 lb. Cilass—^Murphy won from Kester, Vuckinsas defeated Krashen. 125 lb. Glass—Ostrander defeated Ponder, Carpenter will meet Mm in the finals as a result of a bye, 116 lb. Class—^Tillson defeated Brown, Nash drew a bye.
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
SWEET AS HONEY Sweet as a well-seasoned pipe, on the first smoke! And the honey-curing keeps it sweet. Special attachment supplies (1) automatic free draft (2) double action condenser. The best pipe you can buy for $1. Nothing else has its flavor.
B^YELLO-BOLE
We Have Sold Many YELLO-BOLE PIPES
H. G. (Deac) REISNER
YOU’LL CROW TOO-
When she compliments you on the delicious dinner you had for her She will particularly appreciate the fine, quiet surroundings, combined with the utmost in service. She knows, as do many, that pleasant surroundings plus quick, courteous service, add a great deal to the enjoyment of any meal. Why not take her to the .
Cl
e^tnat
iZ.
in the
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION Comor of Cainfmsr<^oat«r of AcHviHvnItiibbi Meyer Simon Will Talk At Vesper Service Rabbi Meyer Simon will be the speaker at the mid-week Vesper Service, which will be conducted in room C of the Union Building, tomorrow evening. Theme of his meditation “Prayer in a Modern World.” Bill McEachron, vesper chairman, will have charge of the services. Students of all faiths are extended a welcome.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Phone 2779. Piano And Organ Instruction.—^ Harry Irwin Metsger, Purdue Organist. Phone 366B3.
Good Printing—Painless prices Fast service. Near as your phone. Call 6206. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 South 29th street.
Flat Top Office Desk—Cost new $39. Like new for $10, at Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. 5th street.
Wanted—Garage to rent in vicinity of Vine and Fowler. Forcell, Phone 3400.
Lost—K. & E. slide rule. Reward. Phone M. T. Wakefield at 2004.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
“Sh-h—^we’re on the air!”
F«r Sai<^ld2l^ Fo^ V-3 wheels, good' condition. Oall Bailey 5067.
notices N. MtiCM MC<l|rt.U lUIW t m.
C. E. 41—^An examination for the removal of C grades will be given March 6th, 1 to 4 p. m. in room 201 of the OE Building. Students expecting to takC the examination should report to F. W. Greve not later than March 4th. _ —GKEVB.
History, Economics and Government — Examinations for the removal of conditions will be given March 6, at 1 p. m. in room 813, Recitation. Building. Applications should be made at history office by March 6. —ESTEY.
Removal of Math Conditions—Exainina^ tions for the removal of conditions in mathematics will be held March 18 at 1 p. m. in the Recitation Building..^ —MARSHAL!/.
Geology Conditions—^Examinations for the removal of C grades in Geology 8, Physical Geology, und in Geology 6, Forestry Geology will be held in room 207 Heavilon Hall, Saturday, March 6 from 1 to 4 p. m. Students intending to take examination's must report to room 202 Heavilon Hall not later than March 4. SERVISS and MILLER.
P, M. 16—^Examinations for the removal of conditions and incompletes in descriptive Geometry will be held Saturday, March 6, from 1 to 4 p. m., in room 808 of the Civil Engineering Building. Arrangements must be made with me prior to taking the examination. —PORSCH.
Playshop Election—Candidates for 198738 Board positions must turn in petitions at the Union desk before March B at 4 p. m. Playshop members and students with credit in English 61 are eligible. —RUSSELL.
W. A. A.—^Mass meeting March 6 at 4 p. m. Plans for state play day will be announced and discussed. Championship game between intramural volleyball teams will be held. -JONES.
' RAIN OR SHINE PURDUE STUDENTS READ EVERY LINE OF THE EXPONENT
Ip. J. A.^4'11 ihdependent students, ihterbsted in, taking advanced dahoing lessond please Big|i ip the P. L A. office fioni 4 to 6 p. m. ahytime befbiie Mhrgt^^^^^ AILCampod Bowling—‘^The dCddlineV for entrants.in the alHsainpus bovliiu'g foum'a^ ment, is noon; kfarch' 8. All students desiring to enroll, sign up in the bowling alleys, ' , , —PFORZHEIMBR. Alpha Phi Omega—Open meeting March 8 in room I) of the Memorial Union Building^ at 7.:80 p. m. All scouts aud former members are invited to attend. —MERRIAM.
P. I. A.—Everyone interested in a P. I. A. Men’s Glee Club, or mixed chorus report to the To.wer room of the Memorial Union Building March 3 at 4 p. m. ' —STEWART,
Union Committees—Our committees will meet in the workshop at 4 p. m. March 8. —SHEETS, STALLINGS, SOATTERDAY.
Union Committees—My committee will report to Stallings in the workshop at 4 p. m. March 3.’ —CLAYPOLE.
Union Committees— Our committee will meet in the Union office at 4 p. m. on March 3. —PUTZE, WEIGANDT.
Independent Staff—Meeting at 7 o’clock March 3 in the P. I. A. office. —SENNSTROM.
Glider Club—Important meeting March 3, at 7:15 in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. —O’NEAL.
Dairy Club—Annual party for the short course students in Smith Hall at 7 p. m. March 3. All members be present. —SIEBENTHAL.
Bowlers—Alleys 1 and 2 will be reserved for tournament play March 4 from 6:46 to 10:30 p. m. —S'TUCKY.
W. A. A. Bowling—The following games will be bowled March 4; Alpha 2Ii Delta vs. Ward 2, 6 .•46 p. m.; Ward 4 vs. Pi Phi 8:30 p. m. —BOEHM. Gala Week Committee—^Meet at Debris office for picture at 7 o’clock March 3. —BLACK.
Orchesis—General meeting tonight at 7 o’clock in the Women's Gym. —PRENTICE.
Scabbard and Blade—Very important meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Armory. All members must be present. —BAKER.
Purdue Student Alliance—^The Purdue Student Alliance will meet tonight at 7:80 in room A of the Memorial Union Building. —SMITH.
Ag Dance Tickets—All persons who have tickets for the Ag dance report to room F of the Union Building tonight at 7:30 or turn tickets in to the chairman. —FREEMYER.
Alpha Zeta—Meeting tonight at 7:30 in room F of the Union Building. Bring all money and tickets for ag dance. Important. —HARDIN. Ceres Honorary—Ceres meeting at 7:30 p. m. tonight in room F of the Union Building. Bring money and tickets for the All-Ag dance. Important. —MILLER.
Buy fires here . . . the finest—Goodyear' tires in all treads and sizes purchasable
IN WORN TIRES
Study has proved that a major source of accidents lies in worn, inefficient auto tires. Skids, blowouts and other uncontrollable accidents result fro'm a false effort to save. It costs little to have good tires—it may save you untold expense.
PETER ANDERSON CO.
24 Hour Service
525 Alabama
Phone 4048
Newman Club—Social committee only. Meet in the lobby of Memorial Union Building at 8 p. m, tonight. Important. —KEELEY.
Military Boxing Tournament—The flnals of the military boxing tournament will be held at 7:30 p. m. Thursday in the Memorial Gymnasium. The following bouts are scheduled: 115 pound class, Tillson vs. Nash; 126 pound class, Ostrander vs. Carpenter ; 136 pound class, Murphy vs. Vuchinas: 146 pound class. Butcher vs. Henderson : 160 pound class, Jelnick vs, Conklin; 176 pound class, Lafuse vs. Potter; heavyweight, Vitkus, opponent to be selected. —KURTZ.
Plying Club—Meeting in room A of the Memorial Union Building March 4 at 7
p. m. All members are reaueeted to be present. —SMITH.
W. A. A. State I*lBy Day—^Heads of the committees meet at Miss Brady’s house tonight at 7:16. Very/important . —BRADY.
W. A. A. Basketball—4 p. m. today Theta vs. Alpha Zeta in small gym; 4 p. m. Kappa vs. Ward 3 in large gym; 4:30 p. m. WRH vs. Chi Omega, in small gym; 4:30 p. m. Ward 2 vs. Winner Kappa vs. Ward 3 game, large gym. —SCHAFFER.
Y. W. C. A. Literature Group—Mrs. L. W. JoBselyn will review a book of modem poetry today at 4 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. —KLEIN.
i»7, Uemr & Hvbm Tosacco Co,