\ 'A
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Warm today; tomorrow much colder with snow flurries.
Purdue Exponent
Vol.50
IZ-18B
WEDNESDAY Match 15, 1939 Lafayette, truSaaa
No. 139
v< i»(
Estey To Speak At Marital Lecture This Afternoon
“Marriage as Seen by the Economist” will be discussed by Dr. J. A. Estey this afternoon at 4 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall as the second in the present series of marital lectures. This lecture will be open to senior men and women students only. In his talk, Dr. Estey, head of
the history, government, and economics department, will answer such typical questions as; how much money a couple should have before they marry; how much children cost; what the advantages are of having a budget; and whether the women should continue their careers after marriage.
R.R. Wright Dies Suddenly After Heart Attack
Economist
Raymond R. Wright, 26, late manager of the South Street Triple XXX, died of a heart attack at approximately 6 o’clock yesterday afternoon while watching football practice on Stuart Field.
Wright had been playing basketball in the Pieldhouse and after this had taken a swim in the pool. He then walked across the street to the field to watch the practice, when he suddenly collapsed. Dr. S. J. Miller, of the Student Health Service, happened to be passing at the time and was called over, but Wright was dead before Miller reached him.
Wright is survived by his wife, Mrs. Raymond R. Wright, and his parents. Wright’s home was at 10 Main street. West Lafayette.
Students To Discuss
Prof. J. A. Estey
Any student may submit written questions on budgeting or other economic problems for Dr. Estey to answer. These questions and those of Dr. Estey will continue the main topics of the lecture.
Betty Jo Sexton, student chairman in charge of arrangements of the program, will introduce Dr. Estey and conduct the meeting.
River Hits Peak,
Starting Down
Dropping one-tenth of a foot from its crest of 23.2 feet reached yesterday morning at 7 o’clock, the Wabash began a gradual descent last night according to Thomas H. Hill, University weather observer. At its crest the river was nearly 12 feet over flood stage.
Phi Sigma Kappa...
Predictions for today are for colder weather, but no precipitation is in sight. The river is expected to subside by late in the week if fair weather continues.
Scribe Surveys Past Cotillion Highlights, Bands; Programs Available In Check Room
By Bob Massey
From the catacombs of old Rome to the ultra-modern of an alumnium backdrop, styles in Sophomore Cotillion decorations have changed in past years. Decorations this year, it is rumored, carry out the Skull and Crescent theme of the organization sponsoring the dance and will be announced tomorrow according to the committee. With the change in decorations, a corresponding variety of bands have played for the dance. In 1934 Henry Basse’s orchestra played against the aluminum backdrop upon which spotlights were focused. The reflections from the backdrop furnished the only light for the dancers. No Tails In ’34 It was for this dance in 1934 that the Exponent published the news that the committee would frown upon full dress worn to the dance; tuxedos were proper dress. Only 200 tickets at two dollars each were sold for the dance that year. In 1933 Ace Brigode and his band played while 300 couples danced in •the “catacombs” when “bones, bones bones” might have been the password. Over the door the word “Co-
WAA, YWCA Name 14 Candidates For
Coop Housing Tonight
Meeting in the Wesley Foundation, 435 State street, tonight, at 7:30, eds and co-eds interested in the co-operative housing movement will discuss “5,000 Per Cent Growth in Purdue Co-ops.”
Led by Eric Swanson, Howard Nicky, Lois McGauhey, and Max Munson, the group will exchange ideas on house management. By the means of questions and answers fiom the floor they will try to explain the work in the houses to interested students.
Fraternity, Sorority Groups
Volins On Maidi 29 Meet For Special Lectures
Nominations for next year’s officers of WAA and YWCA were announced yesterday by the presidents of these organizations. WAA, YWCA, and WSGA elections will be held Wednesday, March 29, in the
Union Building.
Catherine Cooley and Martha Moorehead have been nominated for the presidency of YWCA, Thelma Bugher and Ruth Wattleworth are the candidates for secretary, while Ruth Bryant and Edna Schwab are running for treasurer. Only active members will be allowed to vote at the election.
WAA Candidates
WAA nominees are; for president: Georgia Walker, who is past president of Triton Club and head of tennis; Barbara Roderick, past secretary of WAA and head of volley ball. Vice-president: Mary Ann Reimann, past head of basketball; and Mary Louise Riley, who has engaged in several sports. Treasurer: Jane Fishleigh, head of badminton and past secretary of Orchesis; and Bette Smith, head of riflery. Secretary: Jane Stickler and Louise Thomas, who have each participated in various WAA sports.
May Add Third Candidate Primary election for WAA officers will take place Monday, March 27, at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gym. At this time a third candidate for each office may be added by a majority vote of the members, provided that a quorum of active members is present. A list of the active members will be posted Monday morning, March 27. Qualifications for membership consist of 25 points earned in participation of sports and dues of one dollar.
Tickets For Union 'Penguin Club' Will Be Sold Tomorrow
Germ of the co-op movement was an apartment shared by four boys in the fall of 1935, which increased to eight by the spring of 1936, and by fall became a full-fledged co-op.
. . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers; Gilbert Kegerreis, president; Richard H. Tumbell, vice-president; Leonard M. Hauprich, secretary; Noiman R. Swarts, treasurer; Charles S. Clark, sentinel; and Ernst M. Elkin, Jr., rush chairman.
Union “Penguin Club” formal is the new name for the Student Union’s annual cabaret dance to be held on Friday, March 24. A total of 200 tickets will go on sale in the Union great hall tomorrow at 4 p. m. All tickets at $1.50 each automatically reserve a seat at a table for four. Tables will be distributed around both sides of the ballroom. Space has been calculated to the last square foot for the best placement of the tables and for dancing, according to John Richardson and Jim Williamson, Union vice-presi-dents in charge. The dance is formal, and either tuxedo or tails will be proper. Special feature of the dance will be a professional floor show to replace the usual style show. Decorations will center around the “Penguin” theme.
Dr. G. E. Davis Will Address
tillion” was spelled out in bones. On the backdrop behind the band reposed a layge skull. On either side of the band hung a 20 foot skeleton, and posted on the windows were the epitaphs of those dead and gone. Felton To Play This Year Last year Charlie Agnew played, and this year “Music with a smile in the Hqppy Felton style” will fill the ballroom in the Union Friday night. Ken Nealy, Lorraine BaiTe, Louise Dunne, Billy Galbraith, the Swingaroos, Marty “Small Fry” Snerd, the Mountaineers, and the Glee Club will fill out the personnel of Happy’s troupe. Happy played one of his first long runs at the Barbizon Plaza Hotel in New York followed by a run at the Hotel St. George in Brooklyn and a CBS radio program. Among other spots he has played are the William Penn hotel in Pittsburgh, the Kit Kat Klub in London, and the Bal Tabarin in San Francisco. Programs for the 1939 Sophomore Cotillion may be obtained at the check-room window in the Union until Friday noon upon presentation of the ticket program stub.
Kappa Delta Pi Tomorrow
Kappa Delta Pi, educational honoiaiy society, invites all juniors and seniors majoring in education and psychology to attend an open meeting tomoirow at 7:30 p. m. in room 201 of the Education Building. Dr. G.E. Davis will address the meeting.
World News
the richer sections of the country.
Hockema, Dean, Speak To Men; Five Senior Activity Leaders, Stewart Appear Tonight
Girls Hear Mahin;
Student Speakers
Gordon Matthews
Sully Mason
Plans Are Complete For Mothers', Dads' BanquetOn Monday
Final arrangements have been made for the Mothers’ and Dads’ Banquet to be held in the Union ballroom Monday, at 6:30 p. m., announced Jim Williamson and Margaret Stocker, Union vice-presi-dents in charge of the affair, last night. Prof. L. M. Sears of the history, economics, and government department, will be the principal speaker and will be introduced by President
Union officials announced last night that a mistake had been made on the cards sent to parents; on the duplicate cards, one set the date for March 20 and the other March 23. The correct date is Monday, March 20, and officials urge all students whose parents are coming to inform their parents of the correct date.
Prof. F. C. Hock-
ema, assistant to the President, and Ross Dean, president of the Fraternity President’s Council, spoke for the Fraternity Week pledge meeting last night in the Union Ballroom, before about 250 prospective fraternity members. The concluding meeting will be held tonight in the Ball-
room at 7’o’clock. Speakers tonight
will be Gordon
—Matthews, Student Union president; Boyette Edwards, Debris business manager; J. Thompson, baseball captain; and C. G. Elliott, Student Senate president. They will speak from 7 to 7:20 o’clock, five minutes each, on the value of fraternities while in school. Following will be Sully Mason, Union activities director, who will speak on dress of fraternity men. Controller R. B. Stewart will then speak from 7:30 to 8 o’clock on “What Is Expected of Fraternities by the University.”
Hockema Speaks
Piofessor Hockema had for his subject last night, “The Relation of Fraternities to the University.” Stating that Purdue has an enviable reputation throughout the world, he emphasized the fact that the alumni are largely responsible for this prestige, because of their traits of will(Continued on page 2)
Threldel Talks Today
“Interfratemity cooperation is not just an ideal, it is a sound business proposition,” stated Mrs. Nina Wendle Mahin, national treasurer of Alpha Xi Delta, speaker at the second of the series of sorority courtesy week lectures held last night in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. Mrs. Mahin emphasized the fact that the fraternity is pai’t of a larger group, just as are the fam- • ily, the church, and other social institutions. Exchange dinners. Pan Hellenic luncheons, fraternity week, and higher scholarship standards are part of the cooperative program among sororities. Margaret Jones, Alpha Xi Delta, was in charge of the meeting, and introduced the alumni advisors of each of the seven national sororities on the campus. Jean Stolz, president of the Pan Hellenic Council, has announced that the general public is invited to tonight’s lecture which will be held in the lecture room of the EE Buil)ding at 7:30 p. m. Dr. Hilda Threldel, dean of women at the University of Louisville, will speak on “The Place of the Fraternity in a Progressive Education Program.”
Pharmacy Students
AgStudenfsMeetTonIght To Revive Education Club
Will Gather Tonight
For Union Reception
E. C. Elliott, Master of Ceremonies. Gordon W. Matthews, Union president, will give the welcoming address. Russ Mock is scheduled to play a piano solo, and A. P. Stewart will direct the concert choir in a few numbers. Jane Caldwell and Marianne Nichols will present a skit, the Modern Dance group will perform, and the Pony Chorus of “Mikado,” all-campus show, will go through a dance routine.
The Purdue Student Union is sponsoring the affair, and have recently mailed out double post cards, half of which will be returned if the parents plan on coming. Students need not worry about tickets, as the returned cards will indicate the
Agricultural education students are sponsoring the restablishment of the Agricultural Education Society, discontinued since 1930. Students in this option have for some time been behind a movement that started among the senior men to reorganize this club, which fostered in its principles the better co-ordin-ation of students ^ the Ag school. There will be a special meeting of all juniors, sophomores, and the freshmeq. tonight in the Education Building, room 201, at 7 o’clock, for those who are interested. U. L. McConnell, Ag ’40, will be in charge of the meeting. Those who are active in the revival movement have declared that the club will provide worthwhile benefits for students of agriculture.
All staff members and graduate students of pharmacy school will be present at the reception tonight at 7:30 in the Union reception room, said pharmacy dean C. B. Jordan last night. The reception has been planned by the Student Union to promote student-faculty friendships.
“A complete progi’am has been planned, and the entire first hour of the meeting will be dedicated to promoting student-faculty acquaintances,” said Dean Jordan.
This is the second of a series of Student Union receptions arranged to cover every school in the University. After an hour has been spent acquainting the students with their instructors, those who can remain will be provided with games. Refreshments will be served.
number coming.
Baker, Hart, Will Help Select Prom Queen
Gibson Girl Frightens Casual Union-goer ~A Product Of Women's Club Hobby Shaw
By Rollo DeHoog
PRAGUE—The post Munich republic of Czecho-slovakia yesterday was smashed apart and both German and Hungarian arnues were in a mad rush to seize control of
At a regular senate meeting last night. Student Senate President C. G. Elliott announced that Martha Baker, Sci ’39, and William Hart, ME ’40, were elected Senate representatives on the Junior Prom committee which will pick the Prom queen. The other five members of the committee of seven are president of Mortar Board, president of WSGA, president of the Student Union, editor of the Exponent, and Prom Chairman, Benny Burns.
You would be surprised too if you saw a Gibson girl, costume and all dashing through the Union! And then if you looked behind her and saw a sweet colonial lass, a bum (in appearance at least) a formal outfit dating from 1901, and a couple of Dutch looking girls trailing out of the Union ballroom, you would look into the matter.
BERLIN—President Emil Hacha of dismembered Czechoslovakia, and Adolf Hitler were in conference yesterday which many believed would result in the final obliteration of the Czech nation.
Also in order was the selection of Don Paarlberg, Ag. ’40, as chairman of a committee picked by him to make a comprehensive study of the present system of honesty among students at Purdue. Paarlberg was instructed to secure as much constructive criticism as possible on the present Purdue “honor system,” and with this in/mind try to devise ways and means of correcting it.
Getting down to the bottom of this apparition, we find that the Purdue Women’s Club held their annual business meeting and a hobby show yesterday afternoon. Five hundi’ed and twenty-five women, either members of the staff or wives of staff members, got together a collection exhibit of their hobbies. Exhibits Vary Exhibits were widely varied and covei'ed ma:py of the branches of artistic hobbies. Dolls, brass workdngs, a collection of elephants, textiles, paintings, sketches, stamps, handicraft of many sorts, rugs, and
a collection of crosses were only a part of the large exhibit. * Several of the male staff members sneaked in somehow with their hobbies. Included in these was a collection of India relics, and a Philippine mother of pearl inlay tray brought back by President Elliott from the Philippines. The costume show was Mrs. R. B. Cooley's contribution. New Officers Three officers for the coming year were elected at the business meeting. Those elected were Dean Stratton, vice president; Mrs. E. J. Sheppard, membership secretary; and Mrs.vD. T. Arm, treasurer. Mrs. R. N. Shreve will continue as president for the coming year* *. Mrs. G. C. Blalock was in charge of the hobby show, which met with apparent satisfaction from all attending members. The club is very active, holding over 100 meetings dui'iiig the months of October and November.
I
I£dijt&dat
THE FUBDUE EXPONENT
J>ontuhoA.
Wednesday* March 15* 1939
CO‘Operative Courses... . . . such as the ones which have just been arranged between Purdue and Valparaiso Universities are a step forward in higher education. In addition, these courses will help to solve the problems of crowding which have come up at this University. As long as Indiana’s colleges are scattered over the state the way they are at present these cooperative courses will be necessary to achieve educational efficiency. With Purdue teaching engineering, agriculture, science, and home economics; Indiana teaching liberal arts, commerce, journalism, law, and medicine; and the other schools teaching different combinations of these, cooperative systems can be worked out so that a student can get almost any course he desires. Indiana and Purdue have had such plans, by which a student could get engineering law or pre-med and medicine for a long time. Evansville College has been working cooperatively with Purdue, offering first year engineering courses. State legislators gave Indiana University jurisdiction over Evansville, so that now it will really be a part of lU. Two plans of study will be offered in the new cooperative project with Valparaiso. One will provide that the student take three years of engineering and liberal arts at Valparaiso and then two years of engineering at Purdue. Degrees in both liberal arts and engineering will then be given. The other plan will make it possible for a student to take two years at Valparaiso and two at Purdue for a regular engineering degree. Both of these plans provide an engineering education with a more cultural background. This will be of particular value to students who intend to enter administrative or sales fields after graduation. Of course students could plan to attend two or more schools even without the aid of the cooperative courses. However, the established plans arrange for standardized transfer of credits which eliminates one serious difficulty encountered when changing schools. Also
the Purdue Exponent Entered aa second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of poetage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for |8.00 per year,
mail subscription $8 60.
Editor-In-Chief. _ H. I. Stanhack Business Manager B. R. Hensler
PUBUCATldN STAFF
Managing Editor — L. S. Hardin City Editor _ _ JD. A. Bailey Associate Editors_G W. Frederick. K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. 6. Terrio, J. C. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E M. Antonin! Circulation Manager _ W. F. Berg Sales Manager ~ _ _ _ _ _ _V. Daugher^
National Advertising Manager-
Accounts Manager _ - - Art Director
ja. W. Nevfn -WE Smith D. J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
Editor — — Associate Editors
— Sally McKee - Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor -_ R. L. McDonald Associate Editors - - - J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exj^nent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
SPORTS OFFICE
Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publtshers Representative 420 Madison AvE New York N Y Chicago Boston Los Ansiles - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergradui^ students of Purdue University* All opinions in It, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-^i^.
Night Editor—Terrio Issue Editor—^Taylor Wednesday, March 15, 1939
these plans provide for standardized prerequisites for engineering subjects. This means that a student may transfer without having to waste time in required courses the first school did not offer.
^tsdJtsM to the Editor
Letters accepted for iniblleatioa in this column must be accompanied by the writer’s signature and should bo limited to 160 wor& in lengtik
Concert Review Plan To the Editoi With only two symphony events on the calendai in the entiie school yeai, doesn’t it seem fitting to lec ognize then peifoimance by a lepoit in the Exponent somewhat m keeping v ith the quality of the event’ If it is necessaiy foi youi le viewei to limit himself to a repetition of the piogiam, it might at least be leqmied that he make no glaring eiiois such as referring to the “Opel a” Sheheiazade Also the encoies, giaciously extended and happily leceived weie not mentioned The leview might have been wiitten by an absentee Suiely theie must be students qualified to mite a moie expiessive leview of such a woithy event Music loom lecoidings has mdened of them and the fiee use of the music loom lecohdmgs has widened then ciitical appieciation Heie IS a sugestion Why depait fiom the time dis-honored custom of a morning after lepoit Let it be stated that a conceit was held and that a leview will follow in a .latei issue Then invite yom lead eis to contxibute their criticisms and impressions Punt the best of these or exempts fiom seveial This will make the event live again to those who mite and those Who read Charlotte Ewell Philatelic Society Meets Tpnight, Freshmen Invited n Fieshmen who specified inteiest in the Lafayette Philatelic Society, & when mtei viewed by the Activities Buieau, aie paiticulaily invited by that organization to the meeting tonight in loom C of the Union at 7 30 p m The meeting mil be especially dedicated to the inteiests of the freshmen, howevei, the usual stamp tiadmg will be held Pobtei stamps with the pictuie of the balloon “Jupitei” have been oideied by the society and will be available soon The postei stamps will commemorate the 80th anmveisaiy of the fiist an mail flight from Lafayette to Ciawtordsville, Indiana, on August 17, 1869
Agricultural Chem Cluh Elects Officers Tonight Officeis for the Agricultural Chemistiy Club will be elected for the coming year at the i.egulai meeting of the organization tonight at *7 30 m the library of the Agricultuial Chemistiy Building Theie will also be a discussion of plans for an inspection trip that the gioup plans to take Fraternity, Sorority(Continued fiom page 1) ingness to woik, scholaiship, dependability, ability to get along with people, judgment, and loyalty Since the students of today aie the .alumni of tomoirow, the fiateini ties should stiive to cultivate these tiaits m then membeis Because of help the fiateinity man leceives, the Umveisity natu lally expects moie of him than of the unoiganize'd man, Piofessoi Hockema said, and unless it is justified in this expectation the leason loi existance of fiateinities is diffi cult to find The addiess by Ross Dean con sisted laigely of an admonition to fiateimty men to coopeiate with one anothei foi the betterment of not only themselves but also of the Univei sity Stating that the time was lapid ly appi caching when fiateimties would be called upon to show cause foi then existance, Dean advised that fiateinity membeis cease to think of themselves as membeis of one paiticular fraternity, but lath ei as a membei of the whole gioup of oiganized men Dean also pointed out that pub he opinion is an important factoi m the success of the fraternity system as Ameiica knows it At the present time public opinion is somewhat unfavoi able and will lemain so as long as the fraternities lefuse to coopeiate wholeheaitedly “Youi chapter is youi garden—cultivate it,” said Dean
Activities Bureau Starts New Survey Activities Bureau yesteiday began a survey to get the opinion of students on activities Two groups of questionnaii es have been sent out to five per cent of the student body, one group picked at random fiom all schools and classes, and the othei sent only to activities students Object of the suivey is to get the geneial consensus of opinion on the students’ view point of activities It is designed to take into consideration all types of individuals in the Umveisity Results will be published m the Exponent as soon as they have been calculated PERSONNEL NOTES Company: Aluminum Company of Ameiica Visiting Purdue* Within the next SIX veeks Interviewing All engmeeiing seniors for sales and engmeeiing woik and metallurgical and mechanicals, including industiials for plant pioduction and engmeeiing work
For a large assortment of Milano Pipe Styles, see H. G. “Deac” Reisner
DRESS REHEARSAL FOR DANCE RECITAL Sunday, Mar. 19* 2:30 P. M. DANCE RECITAL Wed., Mar. 22,8:00 P. M. CHILDREN'S CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, MARCH 25th BALLET AND TAP P M ALLEN, Instructor AULEN’S 6th & Ferry
—LAST DAY—
"liinfiS
tO*
PAVNF McHush • John LItel Jivnn rHini. • victor Jory • Henry O'Neill
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Since Cotillion is hut a few days ofiP, here’s a poem from a contributoi which fits into the picture perfectly. Hello, sugai, how do you do ? I’m a sophomore at old Purdue, And want to know if you would care If we went to Cotillion in a pair ? I like you, I think you’re sweet Di essed up formal you’d sure look neat. So what do you say; pretty baby ? Come with me won’t you, maybe ’ Soiry, chump, you’re a little late For weeks and weeks I’ve had a date, But don’t give up quite so soon If you want to go, take another goon*
Guess oui little contest is bunging in results which are quite the nutz . yesteiday, we gave 25 reasons why men hated women ... today, we have a comeback from the other side of the fence ... 25 reasons why women hate men . . incidentally, the person who turned in the following doesn’t . . to our great surprise . happen to be a girl . . says the infoimation came from a reliable source' We’ie wondering why he is going against his fellow men guess the only way we’ll know the answer is to ask Jack Kuch personally what the score IS Well ” ’
1. Men talk all the tune about how wonderful they are and never give girls a chance to talk. 2 They think the dullest, most stupid man deserves a girl like Hedy LaMarr. 3. They laugh at the idea of girls being friends, and if they are—they will flirt with both of them to see what will happen 4. They think you aren’t a lady if you can’t hold your liquor, and if you can, they still think you aren’t 5 No matter how much you smoke, they all tell you that you smoke too much 6 They get you drunk before they try to neck you and then they get terribly angry with you if you aren’t drunk enough 7. They think that every woman wants to get married 8 They think love can be put on like hair oil, to slick up for the occasion 9 They take your best friend out on a blind date and try to neck Hell out of her
10. They tell you on. Friday that you are the only girl in the world ... on Saturday, they are out with one of the other girls. 11. They whistle at you on the street, but if you smile back they look coldly away. 12. They utter every word as though God himself had put it into their mouths. 13. They think unattractive girls are so on purpose. 14. There is no way in the world that you can stop them from telling a dirty joke if they happen to have one on hand. 15. They only tell you that you look nice when there’s a lull in the conversation 16 If they’re shorter than you are, they want to dance, if they’re bigger, they want to smooch 17. They won’t kiss you in places where there are lots of people whom neither of you know, but they see no objection when you are with a group of friends 18 They consider a run in a
i.mA — LAST daylew AYRES Maureen O'Sullivan — IN — "SPRING MADNESS" — AND — BOB HOPE SHIRLEY ROSS — IN — 'Thanks for the Memory'
STARTS TOMORROW WILLIAM BOYD — IN— \ "Silver on the Sage" — AND — BONITA GRANDVILLE — IN — "Nancy Drew, Reporter"
TODAY
2 FIRST RUN HITS
PRIDE OF THE NAVY — WITH — JAMES DUNN ROCHELLE HUDSON — PLUS — TOMMY RYAN — in — Orphans of the Street
STARTS TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE Bullet Biasing Drama Of a Front Page Killer! I AM A CRIMINAL — WITH — John Carroll — PLUS — JOE E BROWN — In — FIT FOR A KING
— LAST DAY— ■ Fredric joan f MARCH BENMETT
TOMORROW-FRIDAY SATURDAY
ARC
—LAST DAY—
WITH BOB LIVINGSTON — and — "BAR 20 JUSTICE" — with — HOPALONG CASSIDY — ALSO — 'Spider's Web," Serial
Thursday-Friday-Saturday WEST OF CHEYENNE FLIGHT TO FAME FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS
.,1
VL
V
‘Mind your manners, son—either offer the lady your seat or pretend you’re asleep!’’
woman’s hose a personal affront. 19. After making love to you all evening, they suddenly get up and stretch and say they’re hungry. 20. They stare at every blonde that passes, but are furious if you glance at another man. 21. They always want to kiss you goodnight unless you want to kiss them goodnight. 22. No one ever told them that there are preliminaries to love making. 23. They all get amorous after the fourth drink. 24. They’ve made up a scientific term for a woman-hater, but they never made up one for a man-hater because they think there isn’t such a thing. 25 EDS ARE MORE INCONSISTENT THAN CO-EDS! Well, chums, this sounds like the war IS on . . . personally, I disagree with some of these viewpoints on men . . . some are rather farfetched, ^ i /f^^ .y
-I?
X 0 Wednesday* Mardh ISf 1039
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Swimmers Capture Season’s Finale, 54-30
Boilermakers Win All But Diving Against Baseball Team Goes Track Team Drills DePauw; Captain Lahey Takes Two Events Outside In First Drill For Butler Relays
Fraternities To Vie In Revival Of Annual l-M Athletic Carnival All ward athletic managers will meet this afternoon at 4:15 in room 104 of the Fieldhouse. Managers will discuss and work out details of the coming Athletic Camivih. Purdue’s annual athletic Carnival will be revived Thursday, March 23, after an absence of one year. -To the fraternity totaling the most points will be awarded a Carnival trophy. Points will be given for individual entrants in wrestling and boxing events, one mile walking race, accuracy at football passing, 440-yard run, one mile run, golf putting, and a power pull. Team entries in a five man tug of war, half mile relay. Silver Derby event, and for a clown stunt will also secure points toward the Carnival Trophy.
Derby
Adding mirth to the program vdll be clown stunts performed by individual fraternities and a series of Silver Derby Novelty Relays. Each fraternity has been entered in one of the Silver Derby Relays that include wheelbarrow races, three-leg-ged races, bicycle races, barrel races sack races, stilt races, and horseback races. - Varsity men will be eligible for two of the events. Boxing entrants have been divided into eight weight classes, while the wrestlers will struggle in seven weights. Each contestant entered will be required to contribute 26 cents toward the cost of the trophy.
Connecticut State Team Takes Last ■ Nine Cage Games Purdue beat them, so did Indiana, and Illinois beat them, but they finally wound up the season with nine straight victories. The team is Connecticut State, which took a disastrous journey into the Middle West last December, meeting three of the leading quintets from this part of the country, and falling to defeat on each occasion. After the three western losses, one of which was administered by the Boilermakers to the tune of 5130, Connecticut State, the Purduemanned basketball team, returned to greener pastures and after dropping two of the next three games finally reversed itself and swept through the last nine gam§s of its season with a perfect record.
Turning' Point
The smallest state in the country provided the pivot for the fortunes of Coach Don White’s team. Rhode Island piled up a 46-19 lead in the first half of its game with Connecticut State and finally won, but not until after the Connecticut team had recovered enough to make the final score 76-62, outscoring the Rhode Island Rams in the last half 43-30. From then on it was White’s team all the way through the remainder of the cage season. During Coach Don White’s three years at Connecticut State his team has won 36 games and lost 18 for a .667 percentage. White, Boilermaker net star of the early ’20’s, was brought to Connecticut State by another ex-Boilermaker, George
Van Bibber.
Winning eight out of nine events in the season finale, the Boilermaker swimming team trounced the DePauw Tigers 54-30 at Greencastle last night. Captain Walt Lahey Was the only dual winner for the visitors, outside of being on .the winning relay quartet. " '
Diving was the only event that went to the Tigers. Wildhack, the sgle Boilermaker to qualify in the Big Ten meet last week, finished second behind DePauw’s Sellers. In two events, 60 yard free style and 160 yard back stroke, the Boilermakers finished first and second.
The summary:
300 Yard Medley—Won by Purdue (Haver, Mauck, Carr) ; DePauw second (Dean,
Ketchum, Stullken).
200 Yard Sree Style—Won by Siler (P) ,
Erdman (D) second; Leslie (D) third.
60 Yard Free Style—Won by Lahey (P) ;
Auckler (P) second; Olson (D) third.
Diving—Won by Sellers (D) ; Wildhack
(P) second; Fahrner (P) third.
100 Yard Free Style—^Won by Lahey (P) ; Armstrong (P) second , Stullken (D) third. 150 Yard Backstroke—Won by Tredwell (P) , Dean (D) second; Edmonds (D) third 200 Yard Breast Stroke—Won by Carr (P) ; Wetchum (D) second, Ohmans (D)
third.
440 Yard (Free Style—Won by Graham (P) : Erdman (D) second, Leslie (D) third 400 Yard Free Style Relay—Won by Purdue (Mauck, Aucker, Armstrong, Lahey) : DePauw second (Dean, Olson, Hartsock, Stullken)
Intramural Schedule
BASKETBALL Today Court 1—Witsman 7 00—Bl or F3 vs. A1 or D4. 7 :15—^Winner (Kappa Sigma vs Beta Theta Pi) vs Winner (Phi Kappa vs Phi Kappa Sigma. 8 26—Marwood vs. Kagawa. 8 40—Luma vs Rochdale Court 2—Rechenbach 7 00—Salisbury vs Chauncey. 7 16—Winner (Phi Pi Phi vs Phi Delta Theta) vs Winner (S. P E. vs E A E ). 8 26—Westminster vs Wesley Boys RIFLE Today 4 00—Sigma Nu vs Alpha Gamma Rho
Gridders Loosen Up In Second Practice
By Ivan Dolanski
Yesterday afternoon on upper Stuart Field, Purdue’s 1939 grid hopefuls went through their second night of scrimmage m preparation and conditioning for one of the most strenuous fall gridiron campaigns in the ranks of No. 1 college
teams.
Although the scrimmage sejssions are very short, the Boilermakers are not loafing when not in combat, because Cec Isbell, Duane Purvis, Clem Woltman, Mel Taube, Elmer Burnham, Head Coach Elward, Don Powell, and the other coaches are like a swarm of pesky flies— always finding something to keep the boys on the move, whether it be calisthenics, footwork, passing, signals, punting, blocking, or what-not. 4 .30—Delta Tau Delta vs Kappa Delta Rho. VOLLEYBALL
Today
4:15 p m —Alpha Gamma Rho, Alpha Tau Omega, Delta Tau Delta, Delta Upsilon, Kappla Delta Rho, Kappa Sigma, Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa, Phi Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Tau, Phi Pi Phi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon
Factory in a Meadow
A DOZEN small Ford plants dot the fields and meadows within fifty miles of Dearborn. We call them the “village industries.” Their windows are bright in the sun, and their wheels turn to the harnessed energy of once lazy streams. Many of their workers are farmers who love fine machinery. After harvest and before green-up, these farmer-workmen park their cars in
neat rows beside the plants. Inside, with the newest, most modern machines, they build Ford parts. With the money earned, they buy that fertile forty just east of the pasture lot — families go to school — houses grow wings—barns are filled with provender and sheds with backsaving machinery. These Ford families have one foot on the land and one in industry.
They raise food for themselves and feel secure. They know that if slack times come, farm and garden will still provide employment. Life i^ pleasant in the villages. Working conditions are almost ideal. Men do better work and are proud of their contribution to Ford quality. It shows up in the fine performance and all-around dependability of the 1939 Ford cars. c
FOR
MOTOR COMPANY
On Intramural Field Taking advantage of yesterday’s mild, spi-ing-like weather, the Boilermaker varsity diamond squad held its first outdoor p^qpctice session of the season on Intramural Field. Head Coach Dutch Fehring had a good chance to look over his 1939 squad for the first time under actual plq3dng conditions. While the baseball team has been working out in the Fieldhouse for several weeks, it has been unable to have batting and fielding practice. Fehring is faced with the big problem which faces every baseball coach or manager from Joe McCarthy of the mighty Yankees to Joe Blow of the Podunk Panhandlers. The Boilermaker pitching problem will have to be met before Purdue’s fate in this year’s Big Ten race can be looked at optimistically. In There Pitchin’ Arnold Bredewater, leading candidate for hurling honors, is the big question mark of the Gold and Black pitching staff. Arnie injured his salary arm last summer and despite a lot of pampering and working on it throughout the winter it still seems to be bothering him. Homer Warner and Dick Wargo showed good form in pitching at batting practice last night and will be “right in there pitching” for the Boilermakers when the diamond season opens on the Southern trip during spring vacation. Lash Will Try To Set New Two-Mile Mark Don Lash, Indiana state policeman and former Indiana University track star", will run against the watch at Dartmouth College today in an attempt to set a new record in the two-milejrun. Lash broke the old world’s indoor record two years ago, running the distance in 8:58. He feels that he can clip five seconds off that mark today. Hoosier Track Coach Billy Hayes has planned the time schedule for today’s run by Lash. Hayes has helped plan every record-breaking-race which Lash has run, and is ceitain that his protege will erase his two-year-old mark.
Purdue’s varsity track squad, fresh from the Big Ten meet last Saturday at the University of Chicago Fieldhouse, began preparation for its invasion of the huge Butler Fieldhouse this coming Saturday to participate in the Butler Relays. At Chicago last week, the Boilermakers scored more points and thus grabbed a higher place than any Purdue track team has ever done in Big Ten competition. Heretofore, the most points a Purdue team was able to gather at a Conference meet was 10, this total being reached by the Gold and Black track teams of 1910 and 1929. Many of the outstanding men of of the country will be represented at the Butler Relays, as each of the principal mid-western schools will be invited. Along with the college boys in the meet will be the famous Lash, Deckard, and Joe MeCluskey trio to perform in a special mile-and-a-half exhibition race. Riveters Will Grapple In Indlana-KentuckyAAU At Indianapolis Saturday After failing to place a man in the Big Ten wrestling championship at Chicago last week-end, the University squad will enter the IndianaKentucky AAU tournament at Indianapolis Saturday. Coach Claude Reeck plans to takd a large squad with him to Indianapolis for the final meet of the season and will include a group of freshmen, from whom he expects a good showing in next year’s campaign. Various Indiana and Kentucky colleges, high schools, and YMCA’s will send teams to the tournament. Ping Pong Meet Continues Today Play in the all-campus table tennis tournament will continue this afternoon in the Fieldhouse, and students who have not already entered the meet may still do so by reporting to room 106 in the Fieldhouse today at 4 p. m. No entries will be accepted after today, according to Fred Farr.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
Shirts! Shirts!
American
West Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone 7278
are
Laundered an asset to anyone’s appear^
ance-— You—
like your shirt cuffs and collar to look new! A MERICAN DOES THIS!! Send Yours In Now. 1**““ American! 3085 Dependable Dry Cleanere3^xaL (Ml.
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
^ntlccA.
Wednesday, March 15, 1939
Stewart Will Speak On Piano Developing “Development of the Piano And How it is Made” will be the subject of a talk by R. B. Stewart, Controller of the University, tomorrow evening at 7:30 in the Union music room . Several years ago Mr. Stewart became interested in pianos and since then has made the study of their history his hobby. In order to give his audience a better understanding of the piano’s history, Mr. Stewart plans to trac^e the development of piano construction and scale building. According to Mr. Stewart, the pianos of today are very different from those on which the music of the masters was composed. He will take the piano apart but not remove the strings and sound board, and will also stress the qualities one should look for in a piano. WPA Groups To Hear Dr. Lloyd At Banquet Dr. Frank Lloyd, professor of education in the department of physical education at New York University, vfill be the principal speaker at the second annual banquet of lay committees associated with the state WPA recreational program tomorrow' night at 6:30 in the Union ballroom. The banquet is being held in connection with the intensive three-w’^eek recreation course now in progress at the University. Allan Bloom, general secretary of the Jewish Community Center Association, Indianapolis, will be the toastmaster for the evening. Banquet tickets, priced at one dollar, are on sale at the west Union desk.
WBAA
•THE VOICE OF PURDUE”
—Today— 11:00—Prof. Robert Phillips, American Institutions. 11:50—Pm’due News Flashes. 12:00—Time Signals. 12:00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks. 12:15—Sports Review, Dick ly12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—Meditations, Rev. Claude Young. 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Grade School Program. 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—Afternoon Music. 2:30—Home Decorator. 2:45—Hymn Echoes, Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 3:00—Symphony Hall. 4:00—Campus Interviews. 4:15—Dick Curtner, pianist. 4:30—Purdue Round Table. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
Wesley Foundation Plans Skating Party Wesley Foundation will hold their annual roller skating party Saturday afternoon at the Maple Point skating rink. The group will leave at 1:45 p. m. and will be charged 25 cents which will include transportation and skates. Refreshments will be served on return to the house. Anyone able to provide transportation for at least four persons will be given a free ticket. Those who wish to go may sign up at the Foundation House before Friday ni]|'ht. Purdue Outing Club Meets; Plans Out-Of-Door Program With Breakfast March 26 Purdue Outing Club held its second organization meeting last night and agreed upon a constitution to be accepted by the WAA Council. A “get-acquainted” breakfast at the WAA cabin will be the first official program on Sunday, March 26, at 6 o’clock. Promotion of campcraft and w^oodlore, friendly comradeship, and interest in out-of-doors was defined in the constitution as the purpose of the club. Virginia Blank, temporary chairman of the club, appointed the following committee in charge of arrangements for the first breakfast: Mona Balcom, chairman; Catherine Himes, Maurice Campbell, and Leo Lubbehusen. The club plans to sponsor birdhikes, canoe trips, steak fries, and over-night hikes during the semester. Men and women students registered as students in the University are eligible for membership in the club. The active members will be those who participate in the activities of the club. Election of officers will be at the next official business meeting of the club, following the breakfast at the WAA cabin, Sunday, March 26. Co-ed Debate Team Meets Indiana Today Mildred Harper and Elizabeth Maier, composing Purdue’s negative co-ed debate team, will meet the coed affirmative team of Indiana University at Bloomington today, debating the question: “Resolved: That the employment of married women, whose husbands are engaged in gainful occupation, is undesirable.” On Monday a Purdue affirmative team composed of Gene Pechin and Carlotte Finney met a negative team from Indiana in a debate on the same question. An audience of approximately 100 attended the debate, held in the Indiana University Extension Building at Indianapolis.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Eckication H. G. REISNER
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Professional
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This Is all we eb, but w* cb it weN. Opposite Post Office Wsllac* Block 322 F«ny St.
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—O.D.S. HAROLD 1. RISK—D.D.5. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Biilldino 4h and Main Imona 5701
• Printing
• Florists
5BWIC1 ^VRINTING ■I^POffice Stationery . . D 1 Wedding Invltationt ■ Salat BooIm, Etc.... MM CASSEL'S dOBFERRV
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phona 6050
Classified Ads
invited to attend. Dr. Porter of the biology department will give a special lecture on his trip to Europe. —APPLEGATE.
Catalyst Club: Important meeting Thursday, March 16, at 8 p. m. in room 202 of Heavilon Hall. —CRAIG,
Mortar Board: Compulsory meeting at 4:30 p. m. Thursday, March 16, at the WSGA office. —virooD.
Freshmen Exponent Workers: The following editorial staff will work for these days: Monday, O’Connell, Etter, Robinson, Pickett: Tuesday, Mueller, Fletcher, Kennedy, l^hwer, Sears, Ochiltree; Wednesday, daggers, Jarrett, Shallerup, Sidwell, Schlossberg; Thursday, Parks, Hays, Elvis, Hupp, Ruffner; Friday, Payne Kung, Traugott, Anderson, Powers; Saturday, Heaton, Mothmann, Kepner, Smith. See notice on bulletin board. (3-17) —HARDIN.
unsold tickets for the banquet. Be prepared to discuss chapter attitude on cooperative proposal. A full attendance is necessary—DEAN.
Mechanical Engineers: Wednesday, March IB, will be your last opportunity to join the ASME this semester. Sign up in G. A. Young’s office in the ME Building. —CLUTTER.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
AIEE: Meeting Thursday, March 16, at 7:30 p. m. in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. —BROWN.
GE 16 Descriptive Geometry: An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held Saturday, March 18, at 1 p. m. in room 308, CE building. Make arrangements with the undersigned on or before March 16. —PORSCH.
Wesley Foundation: The class in the teaching of St. Paul will be held at 8 p. m. Wednesday, March 15, instead of at 7. —McFADDBN.
Pi Tau Sigma—Meeting for selection of pledges Wednesday evening, March 16 in room 1 of the Union at 7:80 p. m. ’ —HARVEY,
WANTED—Men’s suits, topcoats, trousers and shoes. Call Lahr Hotel. Phone 4056. Abe Meyers.
Ag. Education Students: Meeting Wednesday, March 15, in room 201 of the Education Building at 7 p. m. to reorganize the Ag, Education Club. All students in this option are urged to attend. —McConnell.
Agricultural Chemistry ciuo: Important meeting Wednesday, March 15, at 7 :30 p. m. in the library of the new Agricultural Chemistry Building. All members are urged to be present. Officers for next year will be elected. —MABY.
Purdue' Flying Club: Open meeting at 7:30 p. m. Thursday, March 16, in room, 0 of the Union. CAA pilots are cordially invited to attend. —CHEVEDDEN.
mechanical engineers—Last day to join ASME. Join now in MechanicalEngineering office. Clutter.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting Thursday, March 16, at 7 :15 p. m. at the Pi Kappa Phi house. Bring money for keys and favors. Tickets and ribbons will be given out. —HALL.
Gold Peppers—Compulsory meeting on Thursday, March 16, at 7:1B p. m. in the WSGA Office. Bring activity records, please. —COOLEY.
Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting for election of pledges Wednesday, March 15, 7:80, room A of Union. —KECK.
Notices
Wardrobe Committee: Meeting of wardrobe committee for the Varsity show at 4 o’clock Friday, March 17, in the woman’s loung in the Union. —RIVADENEIRA.
Scabbard and Blade: Short but important meeting Thursday, March 16, at 4 p. m. in the Armory. —ZIMMER.
Lafayette Philatelic Society: Meeting at 7 :30 p. m. in room C of the Union Wednesday, March 16. —MILLER.
WAA Badminton: All matches must be played before Saturday, March 18: Hollingsworth vs. Oliver, Chaffer vs. Walker, Phillip vs. Johnson, Willy vs. Harrison, Swift vs. Sawyer, and Westover vs. Thomas. —PISHLEIGH.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Thursday, March 16, at 7:30 p. m; in the faculty lounge of the Union. The open meeting will be followed by an initiation of all pledges. —ayasun;
Glider Club: Meeting in Union Building Wednesday, March 15, at 7:30 p. m. All dues must be paid at this meeting if members wish to remain active this semester. —BUELL.
Horticulture Club: Meeting Wedneseday, March 15, at 7 p. m. in Horticulture Building. Open meeting; everyone is cordially
Purdue Peace Committee: Meeting Wednesday, [March 15, at 7:30 p. m. at 443 State Sti'eet. —HOLLINGSWORTH. Cooperative Houses: Class for prospective members will be held Wednesday, March 16, at 7 p. m. in the Wesley Foundation House. It will be in the form of a panel discussion on the subject “The 5,000% Growth of Cooperative Houses on the Purdue Campus.” —PLUMMER.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday, March 16, at 7 :45 p. m. in the WSGA Office. —LEAMING.
CE 59 Conditions: Examination for the removal of “C” grades will be given Saturday, April 15, at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the CE Building. —WILEY.
Conditions in CE 21: The examination for removal of C grade in CE 21 will be given in room 301, Civil Engineering Building, from 1 to 4 p. m. Saturday, March 26. Please consult me at once. (3-22) —SONESON.
Junior Chemical Engineers: Inspection trip assessments are due. Pay in room 107 of Heavilon Hall before March 21. Those applying for excuses should do so at once. —LOVELL.
Fraternity Presidents: Special meeting Thursday, March 16, at 7:15 p. m. at the Phi Psi house. Bring ticket reports and
G. E. 11—Engineering Drawing: An examination for the removal of “C” and “I" grades will be held Saturday, March 18, at 1 p. m. in room 201, Michael Golden Shops. Students planning to take the examination must make arrangements witJi the undersigned on or before March 16. —RISING.
■cvUk a£t ijowi. /3uiJU f
An ARROW White IS Always Right
SEE THIS WEEK’S POST
1^
Z
In a few hours this lovely girl will he AITDMATKALff MDRDEm
r-i'
T he killer will be home safe in bed. No living person will be a witness. The police will even call it “suicide.” And only the cry of a Siamese cat in the night, and a woman’s sudden panic, will keep a dozen others from sharing Karen Lunt’s, fate. The perfect crime? Almost! Open your Post tonight and start hunting for clues, as Colonel Primrose faces his strangest, most baffling case. First of six installments.
Beginning a new mystery
ovel
mi ^0
by Leslie Ford
1. .fnlitv? Germany claims it sheer brutahty^ ^et Italy, with is ^ none, follow her few Jews, and Japan, ^^oted foreign ?Teve“s how ann-SewdUsm correspond^, r ^ foreign polCloaks a n. and France are woricy. tells why f "'^^^""ggestsanattitude ried for themselves^ bring to an acute for the United States to international problem. ^ Jewish Pawns in Power Polm^ by DEMAREE BESS
STYMIEO by beavers f flooded Al^SSeriottrtS^^^ Their dam man right out of a $7500 safe ! ^mctor ^ Without having a fight^ra^dt The Beaver Dam h WILLIAM HA2LETT UPSON
FANNIE HURST writes in the Post this week a moving and sympathetic story of a bygone era. Step back into the years with Mamma and Her First National Bank. OWE ANY MONEY? Know anybody who has more bills than he can handle? Lowell Brentano reveals A New Way to Pay Old Debts. See page 23.
K.O. THE CHAMP? Willie Parks watching movies of the champ’s latest fight, spotted one possible way. Read One More Round, a short story by Don Tracy. AND . . . Garet Garrett reports on a West Coast war zone, in Labor at the Golden Gate ... Short stories by Octavus Roy Cohen and Ruth Burr Sanborn . .. Editorials, poetry, fun and cartoons. All in the Post out this week.
i.