,1:..
Ptibliiih^d iba^y ]by Studfents of Pdrdtio University.
VdibilB^L^I
LAMIrittfe, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 24, 1937
NUMBER m
Don Bestor Engaged For 1938 Junior Prom
Co-eds Vote Today On New WSGA,YWCA WAA Officials
Elections for W. S. G. A., W. A. A., and Y. W. C. A. officials are being hpld today from 8 till 5 o’clock in the Union Building. Every co-ed i^ eligible to vote for W. S. G. A. officials. The candidates are: presj^ dent, Jeanne Janousek, Dorothy Martenet, Virginia Slocum, and Betty Ann Stewart; treasurer, Georgianna Huber and Mary Town-^ send; secretary, Catherine Mbunce and Mary Cooley; junior representative, Sally McKee and Betty Jo Sexton; sophomore rejpresentative, Treva Berry and Althea Jorgeson. W. A. A. The ^irls who have paid their dues to W. A. A. and have 26 activity points may vote for .Mary Ellen Delaplane or Margaret-Richey for president; Jeahnette Shaffer or Barbara l)obson for vice-president; Kathryn Merritt or Margaret Jenkins for secretary; and Janette Morris or Elizabeth Maier for treas-
Y. W. C. A. girls who have paid their dues are eligible to vote. The candidates are: president, Dorothy Bryant and Dorothy Coan; secretary, Helen Conver and Betty Klein ^ treasurer, Peggy Hamilton and Mary Alice Learning. ^ Members of Gold Peppers, Mortar Board, ]Pan-Hellenic Council, P. I. A. and the six sororities have signed a pledge to vote for the girl and not the organization.
Forestry Banquet Hears A. Staiiding^ Mfisical .Varieties
One huhdred seventy listeners heard A, R. Standing speak nt ttie Annual Forestry Club Banquet last night. Of the numerous entertain ers on the program, The Happy Uollow Swingsters, led by ‘Scotty’ Young, proved to be the hit of the evening. Mr. Standing’s speefeh illustrated the growth of the forestry service in this country. Keeping his audience interested with numerous injections of hitmor, Mr. Standing dwelt upon the^ great importance pf the conservation of timber and of game, and upon the increasing danger of soil erosion, waste range lands, and the ever important water situation.
Show Television
Improvements
Prof. R. H. George and H. J. Heim of the electrical engineering school, presented a lecture and demonstration of television last night in the small lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building from 7-30 to 8:30 p. m. A description of the theory of television receivers, and a discussion and demonstration of a new iconr oscope tube occupied the iira^ half hour of the program. The iconoscope tube is one of the latest television inventions and co^t $460. A demonstration iprogram was transmitted from the University i^evision station, W9XG, and deceived in the small lecture room. Approximately 660 people attended the lecture and demonstration.
Rain And Warmer
By Taaify •Of lapoMBk ItmOm m«M
The United OrW of Weather Mice Associates has called a general sit-down stride. We want collective bargaining with the weather men, longer hours of good weather, an4 more cheese. Un^ our employers come to terms, We will forecast ’lyftWd f9)f toW*
Speak Here
Bob Barton, president of the University of Florida Debate Club, t^kes a negative stand on the minimum wages and maximum hours question tonight. Barton is a member of Blue^ey, of Phi Alpha Delta, of Sigma Nu, social fraternity, and a captain in the Florida R. O. T. C. unit. He is studying law.
WAA To Feature Variety Program For Carnival
W. A. A. Penny Carnival, which is being sponsored by Purdue sportswomen, will be held in the Womjsn’s Gymnasium April 10 from 7 until 11 o’clock. FiVe cents will be charged to enter the gym and a penny will be the price of adnwssion into the booths. The entertainment will consist of tap dancing, folk dancing in costume, and tumbling. A colored orchestra will provide music /or ballroom dancing. All sororities, wards, and co-op houses may have booths. Many choices have already been turned in to Regina Kelly, chairman of the committee in charge of booths. The prize for the best booth will be a loving cup.
Herron Addresses Senior Engineers
Adaptability, vision, and courage and their importance in any engineering or industrial project of any magnitude, were discussed j^’esterday morning by James H. Herron, of Cleveland, president of the American ^ociety of Mechanical Engineers, at a meeting of senior engineering students in the engineering administration cpurse. The constant interdependence of the different types of engineering, and the part played by civil, mechanicak electrical, chemical, and metallurgical engineers in the industrial progress pf the last 60 years were emphasised by Herron in his speech.
Miller, Die Casting Expert, To Repeat Talk
Walter Miller, E. E. 1913, of the New Products Corporation in Benton Harbor, Mich., will repeat his lecture on “Recent Developments In Die Casting” which he gave yesterday, again today in room 101 of Michael Gplden Shops at 4 p. m. With him Miller has many samples including a 700 pound part of a ^e casting machine wh^ph he has had mounted on a machine so that it can be moved into the lecture room. Miller bus a son, O. llUller, enrolled |,s a ipechanical engin^rlng school.
EXPON^t BOABD
All elected officers Cf the Exponent; hre expected ^ attend a board meeting^ Friday l/ieifnoon, March 2fl, at 4 o’cl^lf ip th^ Agricultural Expp;^ment station.
Two Seniors Set For Last
Home Debate
Undefeated in three years of collegiate competition, Charles Petticrew and Robert Royster, University seniors, will make their last home stand in debating against Bob Barton and Selden Waldo, negative forensic squad from the University of Florida, at 8 o’clock tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall. Royster and Petticrew will take the affirmative side of the question, “Resolved^ That Congress Should Be Empowered To Fix Minimum Wages And Maximum Hours For Industry.” The debate, a non-de-cision affair, will be conducted in Congressional style, with Prof. A. H. Monroe, of the University speech department, actjng as chairman. To Logansport Royster and Petticrew will journey to Logansport tomorrow for a debate before the high school with a negative team from John Hopkins University, Baltimore, Md.
Reamer Club
Pledges 25
Twenty-five University students began a spring pledge period for Reamers Club, honorary of imorganized men for the upholding of campus traditions and the supporting of athletics, yesterday morning. The pledges were selected by the active members pf the club from a list of 46 men up fpr cpn|ideration> Reamer pledges carry a large wooden “R” and a steel reamer and wear the regular Reamer cap without the insignia of the club. The pledges include: g . J. AiiU . D. Baals R. M. Captain W, W. Carnes R. B. Clymer B. N. Cox V. Farrow C. W. daulf R. W. Kottnauer. W. B. Love H. N. McIntyre J. R McCort i R. L. Matthews N. M. Parkhurst D. B. Pontius W. B. Reed R. H. Schlundt ^ G. F. SpHngman C. H. Terhune W. W. Tieman Fi Tfierney C. A. Wallace R. A. Warring R K. Wright
Chi OmeguAwards Medal To Cornell
Katherine Cornell will receive the National Achievement Award gold medal, which is^ sponsored^ by Chi Omega sorority. This medal is given annually to the woman of outending accomplishment in 1;he United States. The presentation will be mhde^by Mrs. Franklin D. Roosevelt at a dinner on Tuesday evening, March 30, in the East RoonI of the White House. The speakers will be Alexander Wooll^^tl and Mrs. Eleanor Robson Belmont, Frances Perldns Six women including Secretary of Labor Frances Perkins have been the recipients of this award. Miss Crnmell is the first representntive qf the theatre to be so honored. She Jll .close the Em$iire Theatre in hfW Yqrk, wherq ^e is appearing in i^axwell Ahderspn’s tragedy, ‘^The Wingless Vicljory,” and n revival of Georgo Bernard SbA’f’s ‘"<;3anfida,” o^ the' nfjphk of M^rch in ord9r to go tb ^nekinglon, D. C. to receive the medal.
Fif^rss coyn^iled by a reporter at i^TO^n Qollegf Indica^ ^t poi|tt46 of ^English instmm^ f^t tM insU^niion climb 74 gteys nailyv ,
Tonight
Former Jack Benny Band ow At Netherland-Plaza
Don Bestor, former band maestro on the Jack Benny pro--am, will bring his fourteen-piece orchestra here in its first appearance on the University campus to play for the 1938 Junior Promenade in the ballroom of the Memorial Unitin Building April 16, Chairman T.^ to^am, of the Prom committee, announced last night.
The orchestra completes its playing at the Netherland Plaza in Cincinnati on April 16 and will fill the Prom appointment here on the following night, before journeying south for an extended engagement in Texas. 18 Months With Benny B^or has conducted his orchestra fof several years, but the group
Waldo Selden, also a law student, will assist Barton against Royster and Petticrew' tonight. Selden is chancellor of the ^Florida Honor Court, a member of Blue Key, of Phi Delta Phi, of Sigma Alpha Epsilon, social fraternity, of the Debate Club, and of the Colonels Club.
Anyone who has paid for a Prom ticket and wants his money back can get a refund at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building.
Brig. Gen. Martin Describes Air Training Corps
started playing under his name only recently, when he left the Benny program.after a^year and a hatE’s rhythm-making with the radio comedian. Under Bestor’s name, the orchestra has syncopated for several leading eastern and mid-west-ern colleges, hotels, and night clubs.
Play shop Tryouts
For ‘Martine’ Today
“The cadets at Kelly Field on graduation day are the finest examples of manhood and army discipline I have eVer seen,” said Brig. Gen. F. L. Martin in his talk last night before 80 interested listeners. His talk dealt with “Training In The Air Corps,” and he expressed the opinion that the military discipline at Randolph Field Was equal to, if not greater than, that at West Point. Randolph Field has been called the “West Point Of The Air.” Lack Of Confidence
The air corps cadet goes through the primary, basic, and ^advanced periods. The last part of his work IS done at Kelly Field, where the graduation exercises take place. Lack of confidence aiyl relaxation are the chief blocks in the way of the cadet, but few fail after passing the basic stage. In the advanced stage tbe cadet receiver instruction in observation, attack, bombardment (the rekl power of aviation), and pursuit which is t^e favorite among student^. It costs the government $20,000 for eack cadet that graduates. '> Brig. Gen. Margin wishes to-have many more Purdue etudents take this training, as he believes the type of students here at Purdue is the type the Array needs, especially those who have graduated.
Large Audience Hears Choir At Lenten Convo
Binging h®forq a nearly patdrad house, the University Choir, under the baton of A. P. Stewart, presented “Stabat Mater” in a special Easter Convocation for Worshijp last night in Fowler Hall.
The University Orchestra, led by student director Robert Phillips, aqedmpanied the vocalists in the difficult Rresentationt^ Enthusiastic applause marked tihc performance, and St^yrari; s^a^d he was well pleased with both or-
ganizations.
\
Tower Theater To Stage Plays Again Tonfgbt -
Tower Theater, experimental dramatics group, staged three one-act playp, “Shadow Rou^e” by U. D. Williams, “Experiment” the Southworth Script Thrqphy wilder by A. A. Radkey, and “They Th^t by Grant Wood, in the tower of the Mehiorial Union Building last night and Monday night. The plays will be repeated tonight at 8 o’clock before a selected audience. Au^iepce motidm will be studied car^uUy.
Tryouts for “Martine,”' the fourth play of the season to be presented by Playshop, will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building. “Martine” was written by Jean Jacques-Bernard, popular French playright, whose plays have been widely produced in England. Persons tryrtg out will only be allowed to tryout for qne part in the cast of five people. “Martine” will be presented on Mother’s Day week-end May 7, 8, in the Jefferson High School auditorium.
WAA To Start Fh’st Aid Course After
Spring Vacation
Those girls interested in qualifying as Senior Red Cross First Aiders may enter the first aid course to begin the first week in April after spring vacation. It is an evening course and will be taught by Miss Russell of the department of physical education for women. A two hour meeting once a, week for the rest of the semester will be held. To enter the class girls must sigrn up before April 6 in the Women’s Gym. The evening of the class will be decided upon later. Life Saving Class There will also be a life saving class opened for those who aye interested in becoming life saving examiners. This class is open to all co-eds who have already qt^lified as senior Red Cross Life Savers, or former examiners who wish to renew their certificates. The couroe will begin the last week in April and those interested may sign up in the Women’s Gym.
Lambda Chi Alpha
Lambda Chi Alpha £raterni^ announces the initiation of the following men: H. E. Meeker, Lafayette; J. L. Myers, Roaedale; F. W. Rose^ brock, Indianapolis: B. K. Wiesner, Dasrton, O,; E. A. Kendall, Glen Ellyn, 111.; J. E. Gaylord, Indianapolis; N. P. Thompson, Lorain, O.; and C. Lt Grannon, Lafayette. ^
T-
PENALTY DATES
Dunng the present aemester the^ iwaalty datca. They pe fs^ pqon Mai^ 26 noon Ifarch/i? ctndi Al^ 8^ These represent the ( hour peRedaJb^ete and adCUac the Spring R^seBar , , M, FISREIk Dean of Me%
Draper To Speak On Venereal Disease
Dr. Warren F. Draper, assistant surgeon-general of United States Public Health Service, will speak on “Treatment And Prevention Of Venereal Disease,” in Fowler Hall this afternoon at 4 o’clock.
Dr. S. J. Miller, Student H^lth Service Director, urges that all male students and faculty members attend the lecture. Dr. Draper’s speech will close the University’s venereal program for the semester. His talk will give the students a clearer conception of the accomplishments and aims of the nation-wide campaign which he and Dr. Thomas Parran are waging on this tsrpe of disease.
Druggists’ Conference
Closes Today
Three hundred druggists will close their seventh annual Druggists Business Conference here today with addresses by Dr. W. F.^ Draper, assistant surgeon-general of the U. S. Public Health Service, and Dr. George D. Beal, president of the American Pharmaceutical Association, as highlights of the program. Dr. Beal, will speak qn “R^eareh As An Asset Of Pharmacy.” Dr. Draper’s address “Sqcial Diseases,’* will close the conference at llrl8 a. m. Other speakers on today’s program include Prof. C. J. Zufall of the University, G. C. Bradshaw, A. C. Fritz, F. D. McCullough, and Dan Holland, speaking on technical phases of the drug business.
Soy Bean Talk Ends Grading Sekooi
Points to be considered in grading sqy beans were presented yesterday afternoon by Prof. F. R Robbins, of the agropomy school, .IS the closing feature of a two day^ grading school for 30 grain vator men. Announcement was made of throe future schools to be held at Fort' Wayne March 25, 26; at DuUanapolls March 29, 30; and at Evansvill4, April 1, 2. During yesterday mormng’s session, G. A. RusseU, Federal grain inspector fast the Indiahapolis area, discussed the grading of oats.
LafayeOe Too Bas lts Busiest Comer; Foot Of State Stre^ HUl
New York City may have its 42Qd street and Broadway, Chicago Its State and Mpdison comer, hut Iaifayette, too, has its husdest tral^o spot at the five-point iutoxaecthm a^ the fwt of State street MB ha WesA
Lafayetfe, accordiiig
a
Small, 100 StaMuin aveiim,, Whdt%V44l)
maMis a hobby of such thinga aa traffic count which bo from 6 a. m. to 6 p, nsu
day,
During that 12
'Jevice used, fop an
vebides p«r hour or
per minute. Tbe beavhat
Itoim of traffic uraa hetwetn 2 and d p, m^when ^ signaled
Fresbmen^lholfiii) daimAt^ U, of New lll|mclco«aM doxoy|iaiiti^I ^ .t f f iK ^ f > ^
. ■! li/U
5 J
J 1
I
ti
''''
n ^
Jv-
^^%fW\>l |\» ^ '^'*1} ] y
m y
H
%
ImInmSiL
A.k^ I ^ ^
ypim
»t)i«»tlB! ailpOKEMT
Wi
¥, r. ^ \ *" '
tFl^e l^urbui exponent
fknMte IMt
a
J&.
MeMBcA 9^otlated dfon«9ttite 9t»» ^-..J ——.1 III '^' »»«U«lltlH» — '«I934 (SlQMUtfflSuUIOt l93SevrtsomaH
MIHUiaBMTSD Mil H*»IOM*U ADVWmaiN* BT National Advertising Service, Inc Cotttgf Pmblhitn RtprttnuMw 480 Madibon Ave, New Yoirk. N y. CHICMO - BOBTON . BAN FRANCISCO liOS ANOKLKS • FORnANO • BBATTt*
SBtuiBd BB BBBOBd bIbbb HBttBr Bttke ^ offlCB, LBfBiri^^ iBdU^ mH. $i.M 9bb »BBr; MhrarBd Iir BBtriBr, $S.5t pT ysBr; »oM hr a stmdB Bowr, t BBtttB.
Hit
OPPICBr—812 Nbrth fifth Street
BditeriBl PhBBB SM7
Daily Stndent Publication of Purdue UniverBity
R. J
KDirORIAI. BOARD OF CONTROL Hnlse, chBirman, Helen Creech, E H Moms, L D Wood
—-
EDITORIAL STAFF HBnAEinE Editor -«« mu*, m — „ ™ u n JB* BL Morris AsBoeiatB EditonJl_JL A BBrnette, J. B Brock. A, H, Forsto, IL P. Ma^on, C U SoBhottoM AsBistutB W. M. Anthony. D A BbObj; J ^ Chopin, J.l^ Clark L. a Hardin, C. D Schroeder, H. L Stanbask, D. a Vi^ B. H Kelloss. K. H OTTeU Bold and Black Editor J C Ohaver
Baainess Manayer National AdrertisiBE Manacer. Leeal AdrartlsiiiE MaBaaBr Advertising Assistants Circulation ManaEsr Circulation Assistants —
BUBINB88 STAFF „ , „ , ~ ~ ~ ^ __L. H. Brown ~~Zr ~ ~ JTZ ""Z J>. C. Hiller _ " W J^GilHlanTR, R Hensldr, M 0 Reeves J P. Girard „ ” P C. Robbins, P. T. Swain
Editor— —. Aaaoeiate Bditers.
SPORTS STAFF , „ „ . L. D Wood W. H. Flfield, S R Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
Editor . Associate Bditon AdvsrtieiBs Manasea
WOiODrS STAFF „ , ^ . _ „ JBelen Creech m uJeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, S^sabeth Pyke Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—D. A. Bailey
One Or Two? Which type of state legislature is the best—the^ present day system in which two chambers constitute the legislature or a single bodied chamber? This question, long a subject of much debate, will probably be answered to the satisfaction of all within the next few years, for the state of Nebraska is now operating under the single bodied system instead of the usual two chamber legislature which all of the other forty-seven states use. In theory the one body legislature has many advantages which recommend its u^e For one thing the legislature is smidler and tihie responsibilities of each member increase greatly ; the offices thereby attract men of greater ability. If a member does not possess this ability the public soon learns about it and is able to remove him from office at election time With the present day system the number of representatives is so large and their responsibilities are so few that the public has a hard time of knowing even their names much less knowing what they are doing in office. Another disadvantage of the two bodied chamber is that it IS much more susceptible to lobbying than a smaller single group. This is probably true because members of a small group with greater responsibilities receive larger salaries and are not dependent on lobbying fees. The Nebraska system may or may not work out successfully but it is at least an attempt to make an improvement, and the attempt is not based altogether on theory. The one body sysem has been used successfully in Canada and in many l^rge cities in this country so there is every reason to believe that it can be made to operate in the state legislatures in this country. The next few years should provide us with the correct answer. —C. D. S.
CO-EDITORIALS
Co-eds And Politics By the action of the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council physical steps have been taken to destroy campus politics in co-ed elections. Will these posters signed by the six sororities, Mortar Board, Gold Peppers, and P. I. A. nullify elections politics this year or in future years ? Whether or not the plan works successfully tod^y can not be answered before elections. Nevertheless this necessary move must have a beginning. Now is the time to demolish temporary alliances between large groups for the purpose of railroading into office a candidate. The nominees are willing to be material of an experiment for the good of the future office-seekers. If they are willing to be human guinea pigs, why are not their supporters eager to help? If this idea does fail, it will occur only because a group of girls IS overcome by the desire to get for one girl what they themselves would like to have. A group reflects the winner’s glory. We do not think politics will take a place in the elections today for we believe the women students of this University have the foresight to visualize the advantages of a non-politi-cal campus.—E. C. P.
Teachers In Students’ Shoes One of the younger members of the University faculty recently called attention to a fact, pertinent to education and education methods, that is frequently lost sight of in the assignment of instructors to courses. The point that he emphasized is that while experience may be an asset to a teacher, it is frequently attained only with the simultaneous loss of something much more valuable to teacher and student alike; namely, the ability of the teacher to think in terms of the student. A younger teacher, while he does not have the advantage of years of teaching experience> is well enough able to remember his own student days and the problems that bothered him then that he is able to solve these problems for the student. Minor points, those that should be perfectly obvious to a high school student, often give serious trouble to college students, frequently by their very triviality aud obscurity. Therefore, as a teacher ;^ets older in harness, as he acquires more experience and familiarity with teaching methods, he should take care not to lose the student viewpoint. Ability to see problems from the student angle, ability to catch unapparent misapprehensions through familiarity and sympathy with fhe student mind is of paramount importance in instruction, iSetting into the other fellow’s shoes has always been a recommend^ procedure; in no other profession is it more important ^n in teaching-—^. B.
STUU6B is doing the pinch-hit-tmg again today .., Speaking of PROM . .. the I. U. l^rom Queen is a KAPPA . . . the Queen at DePauw also wears the KEY . .. our ow\ti is a K. K. G.. What ho, Thetas?? ... DUs here, there, and everywhere . you can’t buy a drink ansrwhere in town without running into a big flock of the boys .. HUGHES took HARRISON to Cotillion . . . BELURY stayed home last week-end because Indianapolis and the KAPPA STATE DANCE were too dry for him the freshmen won the boat race but the actives won the beer ... „ JUST A COUPLE MORE PINS .. pm absorber MARY MARGARET HUBLER IS wearing one of those JOE, ATO plhs . . . Prexy JOHNSON fell victim this time . by the way girls ... an ATO pm must be awful easy to get . another Alpha Chi stealing a pm WILMA EVINSTON . it’s a Lambda Chi pm belonging to GEORGE THOMPSON put out by FRED ROSEBROCK . . and she’s been dating another member of the same House all along FRED was initiated one day and gave her the pm next day . it doesn’t make sense WHY FELLOWS IMPORT . . . now take JERRY GRAVE . . . the Alpha Chi.. . ’twas a date for COTILLION . . . they arrived early half an hour later a headache developed . . . and he took her home in good faith ... and an hour later he found her at LAMB’S . . . mce girl... he put out at least $3.50 for sundry reasons ... his thanks . .. a figurative slap m the puss . . . calls it. . . THE SONG OF THE WEED When you’re late to dinner Or speeding to class There rings in your ears This song as you pass: Gotta cigarette, Charlie?” Hey, Joe! Gotta smoke? I can’t buy a package, Doggonit, I’m broke.” When your mind is on history Or physics, or math, The nicotine gang Will blockade your path With, “Say, gotta Camel? Old Gold? Yes, indeed.” “Let’s reach for a Lucky!” “Hey, gimme a weed.” —borrowed.
. . K ' ^eta^i Rlnhdiflltces <^e initik^ tinn of thd fdlloiijring JBieiialjierti la^ti ^dndRy: H. Riohwine, Noblesyhle; S. Npblesville; W. F. Qualls, 'KRnsas City, Mo.; G. W. Dietz, Forest Hark, 111.; R. H. Klauss, Webator, N> Y,; W. Szabo, Genoa, €^4 S, k. Dinkins, Indianapolis; R. A. Morris, HortlaUd; J. B. Jackson, Highland Park, 111.; C. J‘, Sahrner, Chicago, III.; R. Hastings, Wabash; S. W. Campbell, Colfax; J. D. Boale, Kokomo; F. KuOhinsky, iJhion, N. J.; H, B. Mayer hofer, Brooklsm, N. Y.; and M. J. Wisehart, Indianapolis.
OPEN LETTER TO MARY ELLEN TORESMAN: My dear Miss Foresman: Freshmen Co-eds are required to be in their places of residence at 8*30 o’clock on Sunday evenings. This means without your date. (ED or no ED). Kindly improve on this point m the future —WSGA. Sig WALLY CRAIG came thru . the Thetas sniffed the flowers and munched candy while the brother Sigs serenaded through cigardraped lips . . . WE, 'THE GIRLS AT WRH, are becoming very much infuriated because the boys never serenade us. If you cannot furnish the serenade, kindly let us knpw what the sorority girls have that we haven’t. Address all replies to; President of WRH, WRH —^paid ad Famous last words .. I DID have a Prom date.... MARS—NEW—MARS WATCH TOMORROW
Student Union To Have EE Faculty As Guests student Union members will receive members of the electrical engineering faculty at 7*30 this evening in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building The purpose of the reception is to better acquaint the faculty with the activities of the Union, as well as to get ideas from the faculty on how the Union should be managed. Refreshm'^nts will follow the general discussion period
PIA To Sponsor Second Independent Night PIA will stage the second of a series of independent' night productions tonight at 8 in the Union ballroom The entertainment is open to all students free of charge. A one-act play, “A Lady And The Law,” by George W Conyn, will be the feature of the evening The PIA band with Nona Reedy, as guest soloist, and Jack Wood, saxophonist, and the Rhythm Swingsters, Jeanne Beemer, Alice Parlon, and Mary Ellen Foresman, will aid in the presentation of the program
Work Progresses On Truck By-Pass Bridge Erection of the steel superstructure for the bridge over the Wabash north of Lafayette will b^gm today The contract, held by the Vincennes Steel Corporation, amounts to $110,600, and calls for completion by September 26 Some of the steel, trucked from Vincennes IS already on the ground. When completed, the bridge will handle truck traffic on route 62, now sent through Lafayette.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADViatTISERS
ARC —LAST DAT— William Gargan and Florence Rice “BLACKMAILER” —and— Ian Keith and Tala Birell in “WHITE LEGION”
LUMA —LAST DAY—
^MA&TER 01 EVERYTHING .ButLOVB
braii^ Ur Sraater power tfin ridiM! EDWARD ARNOLD I LARRIM0RC«i WOMAN'I •Hk SAIL PATRICK SEO, BANCROFT
TOHOBBdW Edmund Lowe in “EspionaKe” —and— ‘Murder Go«0 to CoUesro”
^Tle’s npt rated very highly in this issue of ‘Facts for Consumers’.”
Please Preserve The Grass To the Students of the University: The steadily increasing tendency on the part of certain students to run across the grass areas of the campus is observed today With considerable regret. Some students appear unmindful of the long-time sentiment attached to such places as the Oval. In the newer areas of the campus, where the Trustees of the University are making special efforts to landscape and otherwise to develop the grounds, but scanty attention is paid to the ‘Please’ signs. This has resulted in considerable damage to sections which have recently been planted. To protect the University against the losses of mone^, time, and appearance due to these acts of vandalism, the Superintendent of Physical Plant has been instructed to apptehend those who insist upon walking across the Oval, the newly planted areas lying west and south of the Executive Building, and the circle in front of the buili^. Such s^dents will thus become liable to penalties flimilar to those c imposed upon those violating the campus parking rules. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT. President.
Family —LAST DAY— Judith Barrett William Hall in “Flying Hostess” —Rndr— Henry Hunter in “Love Letters of a Star”
STARTING TOMORROW Paul Kelly in “Parole Racket”
Dick Foran in “Land Bdyond the Law”
—LAST DAY-
Immortalizlnsr Lloyd C. Donsrlas' record - breaking best - seller which changed a million lovers' lives!
Tomorrow Sylvia Sidney in You Only livo Once"
Dr, H. C. Davidson, president of Knox College, is one of the youngest college prexies in the Upited States; he IS only 31 yeers old.
Three shifts of men are working night and day to cmplete the U. of Minnesota’s new hydrnuhes lab.
SWEU AS HONEY Sweet as a well-seasoned pipe, on the first smoke I And the honey-opring it sweet. Special attachment supplies (1) automatic free draft (2) double action condenser. The beat pipe you Can buy for $1. Ifothing else has its flavor. _ *1
YELLO'BOLE
MAid
FINAL TODAY Marion Davies hnd Clark Gable ^ in “CAIN and MABLE” —Plus— Ann Retherford and Ben Lyon “DOWN TO THE SEA”
—STARTS TOMORROWFint Lafayette Showing
Hawn frwa Ilia heart of Nortfiwoodtl... with iTovr Fevorlfe 'OuMoer Start
With BEATRICE ROBERT! PLUS SECOND feature He’s the Hottest Thing on Ice! King^j^ Amorica’a fastest, roughest, toughest sport . . . that’s ‘Gabby’ DnganI The boys knew hs was a champ in hdekey . , . but the girls knew he was a chump in love!
nm \KBaar
Mint frDA* Rfds. afHA DICK PURCELL ANflR NACRl N|Al|fE yU-SON -^ALSO— NOVELTY\ Beneath a withering of^eneive drive which had them glancing aroimd in circles, the brawny Sigmil ^‘i class “A” basketball team went 4own to a bitter defeat at the hain^ of the fast and furious Phi Itappa Psi sharpshooters, '24 to 14. Without the aid of their ^stalwart back-, guard. Oiem .Woltmah, the Sigma Pi’s were no. match for the speedy Phi Psi’s who rained baskets from all sides. ’ ' 11 Points First Half By exerting theniselves to their utmost', the 'Sigma Pi’s were able to hold' their opponents to 11 points during: the first half. But the len^h of the floor combined with a strenubus>^ footbaii practife^ aftenmbn was too much for them and they qU^kly tired but;‘durihg the; Second halfi, lettin|: the ; Phi Psi’s obtain a lead too great to overcome by a ;lasCinihtite'raliyr’''''; ' Both teaihs exhibited, a fine etyJe ; of baSketbaU technique^^:!^^ the gaihe,^ and their passing Shd teanwimrk was as good as that of ' many; OT teams; The ;Phi Kappa Psi’s will be presented with a beautiful silver and gold trophy, as a reward for yinning the tour- : .'nament." ' ' ^ ' ; i ZachMy Gem 7 Poinfe Zachary was the strong man in the Sigma Pi offense, scoring, three baslmts and one foul. Alexander and Glugston tied for honors on the winning team with. three baskets
■' apiece. '
Lineup and summary : ^gma Pi (14) B, R P. BykowsM 0 0 ' 0
Newton 3
'M
) i
Brandt 0
i
Serowick 0
'd-
Zachary 3
1
■ •,7
, Total 6
2
14
Phi Kappa Psi (24) B.
F.
Harper 2
1
.6
Alexander 3
0
Glugston — 3
0
fi
Stubbs 1
0
2
:’Garrison, /Z-';
■"1
'Bryant: 6,. '-
;-;:;l: :■
Total 11'
24
EVERTTBINe ■ '■:;for:a COLtEGE EDUCATION G. REISNER
March Issue Of Engineer FeAtiures Aei?<maiiM^
;; The . March issue of The; Purdue Kitgiheef ;;has; Just :';ComeV; 'c^.;'^the' presS> and is being distributed; to subscribers. T^ this month ia in /orange^ and bears a Photograph ;of the interior of a ■power plant/,':■';.■. '.-U ' ' ' 0£ the four feature articies, tWo were Written by freshmen engineers:“New Thousand H- P. Cy" iClprie,’’ by X». E. LoWnianj and. “In.specting Welds By X-Ray,” by A. G. Sphuber. ibvo of the features should be of especial interest to the aeronautic enthusiasts---the oiie on the new Cyclone motor, and “The Development Of Fighting Aircraft,” by E. Lbwn, E. E. ’39. The other article Was written by a 1911 graduate Of, the M. E. School, D. B. McConnell, which deals with “Pitting the Stufl&ng Box.”-)
/FRESHMAN TRACK
All candidates for freshman track report in room 104 in the Armory Thursday at: 4 p. m. ALLEN.
Siigge^m
tol^make Your faster Appearance
You can find Just the right shirt for yoiir Easter ensemble at Lpeb’s; A large stock of spring styled shirts in all the latest shades, stripes and patterns is youra to choose from; : \
Eycty shirt hiw s TmboilMdornsr. \
TIESd-
' A Sigh Of a well dres^ U- tie that matches his; shirt and hSrmoniSes with Ms entire out-" fit. Loeb’s have a wide selection of ::beautifuUy patterned^ Soperba, p’OrSayj Botaiiy, etc.
PurSne-BiHiiiiid Team tose^i^isei; IWphy; />< Boilermaker cue artists failed (a their attempt to retain the Noble Kizer trophy, symbpl of Victory in the intercollegiate telegraphic billiard tournOy, held last week, but managed td finish in fourth place out of some 40 or ^0 dve man teams. First place was captured by Corneir witlf’442 points, while Wisconsin Was second with 421, and Indiana third with 277. Ingleman led the' Purdue men who shot , last Thursday'with 101. Weisman made 64 points, Shafer 43, l^irkpatrick 35, and Boatright 29. '
iSasketbali (Gaiite; Diiutieir ^ Eiidv TYAA: ;Wtetdr:Spor<;A;-^?^
; With in Gold and btlack bSsketball game followed by the sports spread, aU W. X. A.;Sp6ri^ Will end TTiursday/' ; ;$hc ftold and Black teams are composed of 16 girls who have been chpsen from the ;.80 girls; who started intramural : hasketban. : The gaine will be played at 4:00 o’clock tomorrow in the Wdmeh’s Gym. '-;,:';;:;;Sports'Spread.,.;'. : Following this game the Sports spread will be held in, the Home Economics cafeteria; at 6' o’clock. The program will consist ;6f ihtroduction of guests, announcement of intramural, class, and individual winners in all winter Sports, awarding of numerals, pledging of Sports Women,;a stunt by the freshmen, introduction of the old and new bdards, and installation of hew officers and board; and a stunt by senior board members. Margaret Jones is general chairman in charge of the affair. Matie Wetzelis is ih charge of - the; food, and J^an Bailey and Kdna Schwab have charge of the tickets.
Shepard Outlines Facti^y Financial Organization
Prof. George H. Shepard, of the mechanical engineering: school gave an address before a recent meeting of the Indiahapoiia branch of the National Association of Cost Accounte.nts . “On Organizing A PaUr tory For Profit:” Prof. ; Shepard, Who is a retired lieutenant in the Nayy,;^was a con'sulting engineer for,, industrial, engiheering before joining the staff.
Civil Grad Writes : Article On EUrth Dam Constniction
DenziiDo^et^ E. ’22, assii^ ant state engineer hf the Indiana Department of CoUtervatioh^ is the author of an article on ‘‘Practical Soil: Mechanics For Small4Dams’’ appearing in the .March ;18 issue of Engineering News-Record. . Design and construction of earih dams by his department afe'described.
Fail KaFFa
i TaU Kappa EFsilort announces the initietion of the tolloWihg men: W. L. Antheil, J. Wr'Throckmorton,' E. Swank, C. B. Neilson, and M./W; Jones. t
The pride of California’s chambers of commerce, lazy sunny weather, has been called ‘fpoor 'cultural background for students” by Prof. RV G. ^iteil, of tbe pcfliticki sriehce depariment:at the tl. of ^Califorma^'
fielder^s * ...‘.fehoice Crowded conditions on this page plus a Isfck of entortoining eapy, forced us to take a much appreciated day off j yesterday . . . sorry, btit really not too much ... The gridders have moved over to the re^Ui^ pri^ciacb field now > .; mord’-^natural football season conditions, and the soil is better. .. (for spills)'"'.':.'.. . —fo— Toinorrow afteriioon at 4 o’clock the freshmen futMe^^^ f^ will get the; chance they have been Waiting;fbr.;vthe initial iheeriiig is in the -Armoi;^ room 104 .. . —fc— Although activity will not begin Until after the spriiig vacation .pe; riod, Coach Homer Allen will use this opportunity to outline the program of trainihg for the spring period;'.- ' ■ ’ ; Included iii the activity for; tMs period are. four, or. five telegraphic meets against other Big Ten yearlings . .^ the. tentative list includes' Ohio State.; Northwestern, Indiana; and Illinois... from these new men will Sprout the individnals who will carry the Old Gold and Black color's during the next three years . . . :---Kfc-^' . ■ '■ Present suggestions of spring weather have enabled the Varsity Nine to' get a little outdoor training ; . , Dutch is keeping the boys until after dark to drill them for this coming southern journey starting Friday night . . ,
X-ray Specialist Visit Piirdue This Week
Dr. Otto Glasser, X-ray physicist of the Cleveland Clinic, and biographer, of Roentgen, the discoverer of X-rays, will be the guest of the University's physics department and Bi^a Pi Sigma, physics honorary, ,,^this y.cpmihg week-end. While at Purdue, Ur. Glasser will deliver two open lectures on Priday, one at foUr._^ o’clock on “New Progress iii The Dosimetry Of X-rays,” and another at eight in the evemng pertaiMhg to i*e eariy days of X-ri^^
Open Outdoor Track Season
Indoor suason'ftor Cimeb drval
day whjBn th(^
stadiute tor the fij^ t^bm At the Burier ItolXli'^ laat^^
dajr ^^e
place
only points for the evening. , j^speUts tor the btttdoior season look favotnbie, with '‘Uhnek” Terhuhe/ Long; BodeaU, KmWp, and Gooiry in to® di^ttanto riimb Lenten, Gutei^K» and Kelly in the XurdlinK evente/ Sines in th® Pbl® toult, and W^adleigh and Maztir ih the btoad jump.;';.'-'V,
trAtmnal baaketoaii try Bhatolf !
egar, regular catobhr siatt tain «< the Indiana baseball'
itoto W S^ohrier dfamoml heFeh ^ ' / tbeir first Setback of tbe seasen, ^ ‘
is considered one of the most vatoable men on the squad by Ceadi Dean, and Us loss will leave but ohe etotetonced babkst#
Indiana team.
■ *:
iVito Glider Club Tb Give Tolhorrow Ai 5 :45 In Union
' TTie Flying Club and the Glitor Glub Will give a closed banquet, at which W. B. O’Neal; president of the Oliher Club, will act as tbastmUster; tetePrrhW evening at 5;45 ih the reception room of tb® Memorial Unten Building. Dean A. A. Potter, Prof. G. A Ybung, Captain (y. W. Haskins, Captain L. 1. Aretz, (J. S. Meikle, and Dr. C. M. Wray, will be the gueste of ;:honor. Following the dinner, G. D. Smith, president of the Flying dlub, and E. J. Krbeger; of the Glider Club, will give brief histories of the organizations, after which there will be a short business meeting.
Forinep Stiideiitg Wed
Mr. end Mrs. H/ H. Schaefer, of Petersburg, ahnounce the marriage
of their daughter, Mary,. H; E. ’33,
to Roger Daoust, G. E. ’34, of Defiance, O. While the bride attended the University' she vtos.A te^hibeF of Pi Beta Phi sorority arid pr®™" inent in student activities..-Previous to her, marriage Mrs. Daoust taUght homb economics at Oswego, Hi. Mr. Daoust was a member of Delth Tan Delta when he was in Purdue.
C.E. Grad Prpmptfd
J. J..'DayiB, Jr., Ex. C, E.;’16, has recehtly been; promoted to the pbsitipn of assistant manager of sales, of the Railroad Materials & Commercial For^ng Division, CatnegieHlinois Steel Corporation, at CMp cago.'.'■ ;
Engineers take no chances. Every part is exact down to on&rthousandth of an inch. Surely your car is \as important as other engineering ptUectsA^Ud smc4y;iib dto^rvto pto^i^im topai^ work." tonCs why :wV have :;develtoto b pairing; alopk lirtes--to glto YOP. ac^ - curacy and ptetoe^^to town to' the ;fi^
_
EDGEWORTH^
EDGEWaRIIili*““
Udilc^te IHgesl Priuis ddoies Heads Df Union
J ‘4 ‘I
Not a pictmU pF the pemyte^^ or even a shot of the attracti^; stars of the show, but a large en-inch reproduction of behtnd-lbe-scenes managers of the Student tjfto ion Show appears on the tmek page of this weeUs issue of the College late Digest, which came witiht your Exponent yesterday morning.
I
MoEnigbt, CE *25, Made ^ntii American ^es Manager C. J. McEPighti C. E. ’26, has rp. cently been made manager of South American sales for the Armco Metal Industries of CMcago. HP has bad four yeate engineering experience in South America.
#T«C)NGUE BITK te tto X inpemmketoWegustonteetito^:; KdgbmMto wM not Mte to^ s Tim tlte finest Buitey to-; btocos yto tot tongue bilA to’s to® ttot toes it. Aa eveiy tobabto eximrt;:lm)^^ ptop tobabpo Pto to ntehed dmong^ tite; tototote tov® ito toto^to tototo It is into ttoteto but it te tot Edgeworth. idur prtoess as rito to tto tomg to old stips, each undito toto^ttoy tontto^^^ / itttote 4 to 7 ttototo leto to^ to seem necessmy: But to no Qfitor cm gutototee t^ will not bite the tongue, toto bto you Uten^-toEck I| JEdgto wo^ bites your tongue; totiten i| ; and gto ypui* 'mcmey ba(to em’t lose.
NOT^: There ara diree; Iditoi to Edgeteorih; tor yofi to duMMo ftomc; ; Ir-EdgEaworte oool, long-btototo tebto» ; pcp. fened by seasoned smbkiwak 2-^Edgeworto Plug who likes to orambto ths/ tolKicoo to tto bands until to* jute light for him. { ;3'r-Bdgewortet'' jr.--to«' 88®Se,.:-tte«-;;' : baeoo PtetessAged. bto;oto ; for S ; mwhvb; mOm .'''I -smoke;;''
.. •
WI
. >1 ' V
‘ •! N V • ^ • ' ■ • r •. <> j Vf^^' ■’ ^
i's
U-wi^r-aL:^, ''iz;-..i-t-', ' ' '* ’, -< A.’Vl ‘V- .’^''-'J 'i’s. .' , V. ss;< /'-'ISs’s;
laH‘ -
ClHi%*<l Adsi
. TYPswftmms—ASDiNo mabonelit, wld, mt^ and xfQMdMd. Snpiplitt f«^ all machines C. F. Fhemhoff* 605 Main street.
Pwrtnble 'nctrole—And recbrds, library tables, card tebles, piractically new electric coffee percolator. Ttaedo snits, mirrors, bade number magazines, 1 cent to 5 cents each. Books, lots of them. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. 5th street.
Good Printing—^Painless prices Fast service. Near as your phone. Call 6205. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 South 29th street.
For Rent—Single room, nicely furnished, private family, 435 N. Main.
Desired—Ride to Buffalo, New York, this Saturday. Sterns. Call 3400.
Wanted—^Passengers to New York City. $16 round trip. Call Shackley at 5065.
Portable Victrola and Records— Library tables, card tables, practically new electric coffee perco-
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Guy Iron Castings McGeath Machine and Foundry
tQSty 1 C€wtr liu O ^i^nLtS
each. Books, lota of them. Mdore’a
l|toxa. myiiar:
Colonial Market, 220 1^. a^^t. Flprif|a—Leaving for Miami, Saturday, March 27. Share expenses.
Phone 55227.
Orsanie Chemiatir CAnditiank—-Examina-Uon for the removal conditiona in Cliein>. iatzy i9 and 1A7 will be bdd in room 101 of the Hiducation SuildinK at 1 V* w. April 10. Applications mast be made at the General Office in the Obemistry Boildina before the Spring recess. —NELSON. Military Condition Examinations — Examinations for the removal of C grades in Military Training 3, topography, will be held in the instructors’ room. Armory, at 3 p. m., March 2$. Stddents desiring to tate this examiitation should report to Cimt. Hayford in the adjutant’s office. Armory, before 4 p. m. Miirch 24. —HATPOBD.
Beserve Officers—Any second lieutenants of the Organized Beserve who wish to SPPiy for one year of active duty vrith the Beriilmr Army see me at the Armory before 4 p. m.. March 24. —HAYFORD.
Castles In The Air Cast—^Will all members of the cast please call for personal property which was left in the Union check room. All of this property which is not called for before spring vachtion will be turned in to the dean of men and confiscated. —McLEOD.
General Chemistry Conditions—^Examinations for the removal of conditions in Chemistry 1 and 2 will be held in room 101 of the Education Building at 1 p. m. April 10. Applications must be made at the..freahman office in the Chemistry Building not later than April 7. —ALLEN, HASS. TEST.
Didry Club—^Meeting at 7:30 p. m., March 24, in Smith Hall. —SIEBENTHAL.
Skull and Crescent—All money for Cotillion or tickets must be in to me before the spring recess. —CABONARGI.
Eta Kappa Nu—Important business meeting March 24 at 8 p. m. in room A of the Memorial Union Building. Please be there. —McEACHRON.
r I I I I I I I
MILITARY STUDENTS This coupon is worth 5c on a 25c Christy’s Polishing Cloth These new Polishing Cloths are tested and approved by the Automotive Test Laboratory. Makes polishing battons a pleasure. Redeemable at TOM’S RESTAURANT Offer Good for First Fifty Coupons Only
mo oFoemi koji and fiavo tlOt made payment please>rijnyBr fl.66-tiii TtIa abgle house af eSeat ' ing Cliib aiul GUder <
caihhobtaM^ ith, D. A.^%(ld,Wiii,C, mson; or' B. yours today.
, —jwiiwtd. ^ <3. tifeii’ Please. ^ ^WlLTSHIREi
Agrlcnltoral Engtneering Conditlope— aminations for removal of chnditions in' A. E. 22 for edrvhying vriB he held iii'room‘204 of the old Agncultural Engineering Bnilding at 1 o’Olock, Aj^fil 10, ApplieatiohB must be made in same building before spring recess. / „ —SPENCER.
Egg and , Chick Show Committee—Mem'bers of all committees report to the Poultry Biijlding' March 24 at 4 p. m. —THIE.
Furm Mandffement Conditions—Examinations for the removal of conditions in Irara Management 1 will be held April 10, at 1 p. m. ' t —MAUCH..
Glee Clubs and Choir—Both .^lee' clubs and the choir will ineet in the Presbyterian Church March 24 at 7 p. m. . —STEWART.
Tau Beta Pf—Election of^I^ges in room
A of Memorial Union Buil
March 24 .
tig at 7 b. m.
-KEENAN,
Physics lb—^A condition examination will be given April 10 at 1 p. m. in room 2 of the Physics Building. —SHERMAN.
Purdue Engineer Subscribers—^All unpaid subscriptions are due at once. Please Send 81 to Purdue Engineer, Memorial Union Building. —GLASSMAN.
Festival Day Dancers—Those girls who are dancing in “Sweet Kate” please meet in the Women’s Gymnasium March 24 at 4 p. m. —ELLIS.
Gimlet Meeting—Dinner at the Pi Kappa Phi house March 24 at 6 p. m. All actives and pledges he present. —HODGDON.
Tau Beta Pi—Important meeting March 24 at 7 p. m. in the Union Building. —WAIT.
Playshop—^The following students are asked to report for tryouts for “Martine” to be held March 24 at 4 p. m. in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building : Sara Schaaf, Betty Barnett, Ann Sims, Thais Crepps, Bernard Everett, Benton Burns, and Karl Mueller. —CARMICHAEL.
, W. A. A. Bowling—The following match will be played at 8:30 p. m. March 25; Kappa Alpha Theta vs. Alpha Xi Delta. —BOEHM.
Bowlers—^Alleys 1 and 2 will he reserved March 25 from 8:30 until 10:80 p. m. for tournament play. —STUCKY.
If her hobby of the last three years is to be used as evidence, the wife of Dr. Joseph T. King, of the U. of Minnesota’s medical school, has retained much of her girlishness. She has collected more than 1,500 dolls of all sizes and nationalities.
tiub; and bmi^Poti Nu ^lEionspt a general homi ^tidhothics giflz’ dinner on Wediii^sMy, Xiiril 7 at 6 o’clock iiii thd - Bebnomids cafeteria. filiss jMki‘^aret Rusii, Furdue ’36, froih Ldefe itbne tlbiiti^iaMy iHrill give a tblk bb spring and summer fksj|ionS and the ihbdern irend iH dress, tier talk will be illustrated by drelbes frohl Loeb and' Hene Company. The annual Omicron Nu medal will he awarded, to the most outstanding home economics freshman of last year. The meeting will close with vocal numbers by ,Martha Whitehead. j * PTA Wili Hear O’Shea Professor Harriet E. O’Shea will address the annual dinner meeting, of the Indianapolis Council of Parents and Teachers on Wednesday, March 24. She will speak on the subject, “Do Parents And Teachers Have Different Contributions Tb Make To The Development Of A Child?”
Gov. Clifford Townsend To Leave For Florida Governor M. Clifford To'wnsend and his secretary, Dick Heller, of Decatur, accompanied by their wives -will leave Sunday fotf a vacation in St. Petersburg, Fla. The party will return to Indianapolis in time for the Indiana Democratic Editorial April 10.
Etchings By Mrs. Hill Are On Display In Union Music Room Etchings and dry points by Mrs. Polly Knipp Hill, sister of Dr. J. K. Knipp,- of the physics department, are being exhibited in the mu-., sic room of the Memorial Union Building. The principal subjects of the prints are scenes and people of Florida, while others are from Mrs. Hill’s travels in Europe. The present exhibition will continue through the remainder of the month.
t,;. 'h
Plan tyspfend soitte time V ' week foF a most peasant Visit with thmr friends at the FOWLER The ]0ace Where Friends Meet
Vegetables preserved by freezing retgin better quality than those that are canned, according to Prof. H. D. Brown, department of horticulture and forestry at Ohio State U.
A U. of Maryland student conducts a novel ser-vice thkt is a .distinct snap. During lectures he keeps listeners from dozing off by crack-'-ing his fingers and snapping them.
Albright College students discovered that it takes about 11.7 seconds for shot-gun “ban'gs” to travel two miles and a half.
About 1,000 members of the American Psychological Association will be guests of the U. of Minnesota in September, 1937.
The Risk Dental Clinic | na. PAUL A. BISK OB. HABOLD J. BIBB OB. BOBBBT 6. BIBB OB. LUTBBB A. BIBB 460 Sdralts Bide. Phone 6701
Alpha Chi Rho Alpha Chi Rho, social fraternity, announces the imtiatioh of: R. A. Buckles, Louisville, Ky.; A. H. Exton, Marion, O.j H. J. Chapp, Chicago, 111.; A. V. Gaulke, Hales Corners, Wis.; K. C. Houston, Milwaukee, Wis.; G. L. Sever, Waldron; J. L. Simmons, Indianapolis; and E. J. Wadleigh, Indianapolis; and the pledging of: J. W. Greenburg, West Lafayette, and J. R. Mann, Indianapolis.
DANCE RECITAL by Pupils of the Allen ^School of Djincing Tues., March 30, 8:00 p. m. Social Dancinc Follovfa Adm. 25c Children’s Classes Open Saturday, April 3rd AttCfl 6th and Ferry
When you 6q4 out how mild and goodtasting Chesterfields are.. .you hoJ4 on to ’em. With a bull dog grip, millions of smokers hold on to Cfiesterfields ...
’ ^
if 'n,/' '