I
'
VOLUME XLVn Ilreiser Will Speak At Banquet Noted Novelist Will Speak On “Conqueiv ing A Reading Public’’ “Conquering a Reading Public” will be the subject of Theodore Dreiser when he speaks at the tenth annual literary banquet in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building on Monday evening. May 18. Dr. E. C. Elliott will act as toast-
master.
Dreiser; an internationally known hoyelist, is the author of severUl volunies of fiction, non-fiction, u^id ;^lays, and is a ifre<pient contributor to juany monthly publications. , Announcements of the winners of the University literary contest will be, made. Included in the list of prizes are the $100 Winterrowd award for the best senior library, the George Ade cup for the best short story, the David E. Ross cup for the best poem, the Science prizes for the best essays, the English prize for the best familiar or personal essay, and the Dr. R. B. Wetherill cash prizes for the best short story or play based on historical material. Mr. WinterTowd will be unable to attend the banquet fhis
. year., ■
Approximately 46 people are expected to attend the banquet. Reservations may be made by calling the English department office. Although there has been some delay in printing of the tickets; they -vnll go on sale as soon as received at the English office, the Union desk, Deac’s, Southworth’s, and Decker’s. Dr. Lark-Horovitz To Discuss' Music string Quartet To Perform
Debris Banquet Tonight At 6 Members of the presenti Debris staff will be guests of the Debris at a banquet to be held tonight at 6 o'clock in the Fowler hotel. Special copies of the year book will be presented to board, members at the din-
ner.
Students who have ordered copies of the 1936 Debris may obtain them next Monday in the peasant room of the Union Building from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m. Distribution is expected to last two days only.
till, .inrf— LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 1936
NUMBER ISD
Before Music Study Group Dr. Lark-Horovitz, head of the department of physics, will present an explanation of quartet and chamber music, at the weekly meeting of the music study group tomorrow in tlie auditorium of the Home Economics Building. Dr, Lark-Horovitz’s string quartet, which is well-known in music circles, is to present four compositions which will outline the history of chamber music. Sonata No. 9, by A. Chorelli; Opus 16, by Beethoven; Opus 74, by Hadyn, and a movement from Dvoraik’s American quartet will be used to demonstrate the forms of chamber music dowfi to the
present time.
All of these compositions were chosen for their beauty in melody and simplicity, So that those with but little knowledge of music may appreciate them. The quartet is composed of Dr. Lark-Horbvitz, viola; Miss R. Jameson, piano; MisS T, Thrasher and Mrs. Oughton, violin; Mrs. Traumer and Howenstein, cello.
Personnel Men Convene Iiiidiisfrial ReiwresieKrt lives Meet In Indianap:bli& Friday: Current industrial and business personnel problems will be discussed in detail at a one-day conference of fepresehtatives of industry, slAte and national agencies, and schools and colleges, to be held in the American Central Life Insurance Building Auditorium, Indianapolis, Fri day. The conference will be sponsofejd jointly by the Indiana Personnel Association, the Indianapolis Personnel Association, and Purdue
University.
The morning session will be devoted to new personnel problems in industry. Subjects to be covered will, include -the shortage of skilled labor, training supervisors to train workers, and the development of hobbies and leisure-time activities of workers. The afternoon’s program will Center around the subjects of employment. At the evening’s banquet, A. E. Saxton, manager of the Indianapolis branch of th# Remington Rand Co. who was a captain in the British Iritelligence Division during the World War, will speak on “British Secret Service During the World War”.
University Open House Tonight At 7 High School Groups Convene Here For Annaul Round-Up Students in high school industrial vocational departments and those in industrial arts departments from all parts of Indiana will assemble here today for the annual open house and 4-H rpuiidtqi proj^amj stkrt this morning with demonstrations in Michael-Golden Shops at
9:30 o’clock.
In the aftranoon, Dea.n A; A. Potter jWlll address the group on “Preparing for The Future’’ at 1;16 in the EE Building. Following the ad-: dress, will be a dembnstf atioh ,bf the high Volifege TbIsa Coil in the electrical laboratory. At/3 o’clock, members of the Gli^ er Club will demonstrate glider flights at the airport. The; open house program starts tonight at 7 o’clock, when the University will gb on “dress parade.” All engineering schools, school of science, and the school of pharmacy are co-operating with this feature. Demonstrations, exhibits, will be open for inspection. The University radib station will be operating on a public address sys tern beginning at 7:30. Fifteen minute programs will be alternated with inspection of the stadio and explanation of its functioning.
Professor Awarded Art Scholarship Professor Laurentza , SchantzHansen, head of the University department of applied design, has been awarded a Carnegie Art Scholarship for study at Harvard University this summer. She is one of twenty successful candidates for the scholarships frcgn a field of thirty-
four applicants.
These art scholarships were founded to improve the equipment of art teachers^ and the beneficiaries in accepting them undertake to give lectures in thmr respective institutions on art appreciation.
makers, as represented by some 1,500 to 1,800 county and township winners in various projects, will vie for state honors in a variety of contests as the eighteenth annual Girls^ and Boys'
Mother’s Day Program Fiilly Completed " Visiting mothers of Purdue students face a varied program of activities this .coming week-end. First on the program appears the style show to be held in the Home Economics Auditorium from 10 :30 until 11:30 Saturday morning. Following this, a luncheon will be held in the ballroom, starting at 12 o’clock noon promptly. An adTicket sales for Mother’s Day luncheon will go on sale in the Union lobby Friday, and are priced at 60 Cents. Group reservations may be made any time before Friday.
Pres. Elliott Sends ; Notice To Seniors;. A memorandum of important graduation and gala week aimounCements was sent to all seniors from the president’s office yesterday. The notice is published in part below. The following must receive atten- - tion before noon Saturday, June 6: 1. Theses must be completed, accepted by heads of departments and filed in the registrar’s office. 2. The $6.00 diploma fee must be paid to the cashier. 3. Attendance at the baccalaureate address and the commencement exercises is compulspry. 4. Admission to the commencement exercises on June 9, for other than class members will be by ticket only. Seniors may obtain four tickets. The president urged the seniors to have their parents attend com mencement exercises.
Tau Kappa Epsilon Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity announces the pledging of E. L. Nobrky, East Chicago, andvR. Gresham, Bremen.
dress by Dr. E. C. Elliott will follow the dinnor which will also feature music by Bud Bryant’s orchestra and the University Glee clujs. The entire program will be broadcast oyer WBAA from 12:15 until 1:30 o’clock. A mother’s executive committee will also be formed during the meeting. Guests include: Dean and Mrs. M. L. Fisher, beans Dorothy C. Stratton and Mary L. Matthews, Dr. and Mrs. Phillips, and Dr. and Mrs. E. C. Elliott.
Psi’s In Second Place; D. U.’s,'Third; Continue Today
By Don Wilson
Sigma Alpl’^^ Epsilon pushed ahead la^t evening in the race for intramural track honors „ with 13 points to cop the first half of the annual interfraternity track and field meet. The meet! will be continued tonight if the correct weather prevails, and the houses who are just a few points behind the SAE’s will have a chance to forge ahead to win the entire meet. At present tho Phi Kappa Psi’s are in second place with 11 points, the Delta Upsilon’s are in third place with 10 points and the Kappa Sigma’s hold fourth place with seven, points. The Delta Tau Delta’s and the Sigma Phi Epsilon’s are tied for fifth place with five points each. Other houses that made points in yesterday’s events include: Sigma Chi, Delta Chi, Beta Sigma Psi, Phi Kappa Tau, Sigma Nu, Phi Kappa Sigma, Theta Xi, Kappa Delta Rho, Phi Delta Theta, and the Phi Kappa. Competition in the events was very close in most cases and the meet proved a very interesting one to watch. The events, lOO-yard dash, mile run, 440-yard dash, 120-yard (Continued on page 7)
Wait To Head Tau Beta Pi Initiate 16 At Banquet;
Elects
■'.,::ner Meetiikg:;-. Dwight N. Wait, Ch. E. ’37, was elected president of Tau Beta Pi, engineering honorary fraternity, at their ahnual elections held last night in the Union, Other Officers were: S R. Wirth, E.^E. ’37, vice president; R. R. Stewart, M. E. ’37, treasurer; L. F. Lischer, E. E. ’37, recording secretary, and J. E. Burroughs, E E. ’37, cataloguer. Wait will be the delegate to the national convention
this falli
Initiation Banquet " The election followed the initiation banquet at which the following were inducted: R. W. Beaudway, J F. Brubaker, J. Ei Burroughs, E. G Greber, R. M. Kelly, R, H. Latter, L, F, Lischer, R. W. Loehr, M. E. Loye; D. N. Wait, G. Perkins, C. R. Petticrew, A. W. Ross, R. R. Steward H E. Weppler, and S. R. Wirth. The banquet was presided dyer by Carl G. Lindquist, and talks were given by Prof, C. B. Murphy, of the his tory department, C. R. Petticrew, and E. D. Lynch.
The opening sessions todaywill be given over largely to launching the various judging contests for both boys and girls and attendance at the annual “open house” of the schools of engineering, science arid pharmacy this
eVeniiig
Several hundred aspiring champioils, both team and radividual, ydU Compete in the yarious judging cbnLtests for boys today, including those in judgiiig corn, poultry arid eg^, beef cattle, swine, and horses, Tire boys will also compete in a demon-,
stration team contest,
county champiohship teams, of 3 boys to a team, will compete in corn judging; 24 in poultry arid eggs; 47 in liyestock, and 40 in dairy. There are also 26 team entries in the demonstration contest, and 25 entries in the Alpha Gamma Rho leadership
contest. /
Twepty-two girls’ teams will compete in the home economics demonstration team contests, and the remainder of the day’s program fOr the girls will be given over to a tea and open house at the Women’s Res-
idence Hall.
Byers Speaks To Alpha Zeta E. W. Swanson Wins Scholarship Plaqne;
’PM
Gosmo Club Gives International Prbgran^ In Union “International Night”, sponsored by the Cosmopolitan club, was pre sented last night in the ballroom of the Union Building, The program of two one-act plays, arid eleven" vaudeville numbers included in the cast students of many nationalities. Both old and modern songs, costumes and dances of seventeen nar tionalities were represented in the program. The evening’s entertainment was preceded by a talk by E. Soo, president of the organization.
Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity a nounces the election of the following officers: R. W. Beaudway, president; R. C. Schenk, vice president; R. Norton, secretary; A. P. Gillis, house manager; J. P. Girard, corresponding secretary.
To Hold Final Meeting Thursday, May .14 Dr. F. E. benny, plant physiologist of the Boyce Thohtipson Insti tute for Plant Research, will address the final meeting of the University section of the American Chemical Society . On “People, Plants, and Chemicffis’, Thursday evening, May 14, in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. A banquet, which will be given in the Union Building, will precede Dr. Denny’s
talk.
br. Deiiiy^ received his A. B. degree from the University of Nebraska in 1906 and obtained his Ph. D. degree from the University of Chicago in 1916.
> “Have a disinterested viey^ when you’re considering youiraelfi’* said Col. George Byers last night in a talk before the spridig initiatioh banquet of Alpha Zeta, national
Forty-five honorary agricultural fraternity^
other points that were brought Out in his talk were aS follows: “When you talk to men in your charge, talk to them as if you weire instructing them and never as if you’re commanding them, Bo able to define things cleariy in your own mind arid be able to express them. Bo / not assume the part for the whole of the cause, but go deeper,”
yoastmaster.: ■ '
K. E. Gardner, acting as toastmaster for the banquet, which was onO of the largest in the.history of the, organization, gave a brief resume of the activities of the fraternity dur:ing the past year. H. M. Harper welcomed the new initiates, arid J. L. Palmer gave the response. Those initiated Were K. B. Swinford, J. L. Palmer and J. A. Hoefer. The Alpha Zeta scholarship plaque which is awarded each semester to the freshman iri the a^cultural school who makes the highest scholastic index, was awarded by S. O, Kessler to E. W. Swansori, who made a point average of 5.81
last semester.
' 'I
“Bud” Bryant Undergoes Emergency Appendectomy G. R. Bryant, junior E. E. student, was rushed to the St. Elizabeth hospital at 5 o’clock yesterday for an emergency appendix operation. Dr. C. N- Rommel performed the operation and Bryant was hndef the ether about a half hour. His condition was reported to be satisfactory last night.
When the electoral board of the Exponent meets tomorrow to make promotions among the present sophoH^ore and junior riiembers of the staff, a series of ^campus elections that will last through the month of May will have started. The two senior positions on the editorial staff will be chosen from three
Delta Rlio Kappa Delta Rho Kappa, science honorary, announces the pledging of the following: Dorothy Cook, Lucia Miller, Virginia Hawkins, Mary Gaylord, Jeanette Scudder, Nellie Greenburg, G* Meadows, R. L. Kessler, F. W. Rothert, arid R. P. Ogden.
There will be a meeting of the Exponent Electoral Board tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the conference room of the Ag. Experiment Station.
men, C. M. Uardm, W. T. Hunt, and E. H. Morris. Originally, five mep were eligible, but M. G. Walther will not returri to school in the fall and the other vacancy is due to tbe recent death of A, M, Chasteen. Betty Barnett, only eligible candidate for Co-ed Advertising Manag-
er, will automatically be promoted. Debris On May 13 Next Wednesday, junior and senior Offices of the Debris, student yearbook, will be filled by electoral board of thirteen, including all the junior and senior members of the organization with the exception of the two co-ed juiiior editors. : Ari editor, business manager, arid co-ed editor will be picked from the present staff of juniors, while three junior editorial positions will be decided between four/ sophoiriores. Three junior business managers will be chosen from the present four sophomore salesmen. Six Sophomore girls are eligible for two junior coed positions. Gimlet Club On Thursday; May 14, meriabers of Gimlet Club will elect a president, vice-president, and a secre(Continued on page 8)
Literary Contest
Entries in the annual University literary contest must .be turned in at room 204 of Uriiversity Hall by 5 :30 o’clock Friday. AU manuscripts must be in on that date. Winners of the prizes will be announced at the literary banquet, on May 18. Cash prizes of $75 as well as several cups will be awarded on that night. Fifty dollars in prizes will be awarded for historical essays, plays, poems or storips by Dr. Wetherill, of the Tippecanoe County Historical Society. Cash awards will also be given by the English department. The George Ade, David E. Ross, and H. G. Reisner cups will be presented at the dinner meeting May 18.
E. Gy Elliott Chos^ On Board President E. C. Elliott has been fecetitly appointed to membership on the “Scholar Plari Committee” of the Thomas Alva Edison Foundation, which has been formed to perpetuate the memory of the distinguished inventor, Under the preliminary plans, it is proposed that scholarships be provided deserving youths, to continue and encourage scientific study. Among others bn the committee will be Henry Ford, Charles P. Keti tering, of the General Motors Company, William Allen White, Newton D. Baker, S. M. Kintner, BSME ’94, vice-presiderit of the Westirighouse Company, and several leading college executives of the United States.
Chi Omega Eutertains Dean Stratton At Dinner Bean Dorothy C. Stratton and Miss Clare A. ®oolidge were dinner guests Of the Chi Omega sorority last Monday evening, at the chapter house. After the dinner Dean Stratton spoke to the active meriibers and the alumriqe in an open meeting. Rooms Wanted For 4-H Clnb Round-Up Visitors West Lafayette residents who desirq to rent rooms during the 4-H Club Round-Up today, tomorrow, arid Friday are requested to call 2676 today. Many rooms igpll be needed for Round-Up visitors.
Highland Students Here Tomorrow More than 40 pupils of the Highland, Indiana, parochial school, under the principalsMp of John, V. Amstel, will inspect the University tomorrow. They will arrive iri the morning and speriid Jimst of tbe day visiting the various buildirigs or the campus. At 4 o’clock in\the afternoon, the group will be the guest of the athletic department at a baseball game. Students from Pairview high School, near Lebanon, in Boone county, visited the Uffiversi% Morday. Prof. W. A. Knapp of the engineering department conducted the group through the engineeriBg buildings during the moririug arid a picnic was held at th^ Battle GrouRds. Sigma Nil Sigma Nu fraternity announces
prerident, G, J. Trees; vice presi. dept, J, G, Williamson; treasurer^ W. P. Bailey; house manager, G. R, Birbari.
Mm ii
iiSSSi
sili - ‘-'k
'irnimii
Member Associated CoUegiate Press , Dtetrttentor of OOlXmSIACT MdSBBT
O.
M«ttib«r »t MatfonU Celletr* PreM Asaocdlstion. Big Ten Bditorial AModitfos Sxditidvetr S«ai<Mented by Natioml AdTMrtising; 8«rdee, Ine.
420 MsfHaoa ATenna, New Yttrit City
Satered m Meond daas matter at the poet office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by audl, S8.60 per year; deliyerad by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by aingle copy, S eenta. -
'^Btalnim '.Pbone'mSBv
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
EdltoHal Phme $087
Daily Stadeat Publication of Purdue University
idttoiyia-Chtet„ Mm^siaK Skiit^-
Aeitociato Bditon..
Edi^..
..C: Eb Campb^
.;A. M. ChaBtBMi, C. M. BMih; W. T. Hunt, *. H. Morrie, M. 6^ Walter
' ' ilL^:H:-Ha3ra:
Sophoinore' AssidAnts F. Wilsoni r'^.^.^ifleld, H; A, iH^lstroni,'
S. B. Griffiths, R. F. Ob6ni5hain, G. G.;'Bigelpw;
BeShoMcre Aestotaati- ^ „.K. A. Biumette; J. K' Brock^ A BL Foheeter,
Jr., B. P. Mahion, C. L. Sadler, E. G. Schenk, Ji I* ▼ofcHara
Bold and Black Editor^B., Abbbtt
■BUBINSSSSTAFF.^';.^..’'^
: ...I:.;.....:...' ■TL' F.'.'Antninini
ibdlvez^iBlnff AsslstestK.
u-.- L. H. Browhi R. Creek, D. C. Miller
C)irealati6ir~A8sistants J. G. Girard, G. R. Shields
: ‘ WOMBN^^BtACT;
Associate Editon.„^—_
,„,„„„.,._uHelen Creech, Edna Hutson, Elleh: Mann
Sophomore As8iBtantB_
Jean Browh, Jean Janonsek, Marjorie Louis, Doris Ellen McCartney, Elizabeth Fyke, Estheir Turley
Wednesdayv May 6/1936 ^
. Issue Editoi>--J. R. Ballard.. :
Grades, Grades, And Grades 78, -20,119,49. • • And More Dribble At odd times during a regular four year college session with books, professors, and exams, a student who resents the exaggerated emphasis that is being placed on grades is liable to go Up in smoke. Since time immemorial,' students have drummed on professors’ doors and haunted the campus for an early return on the results of an examination. Along with the absence in the average student of a, desire to learn rather than to get a “mark”, there has sprung up complicated, Tiighly-mathemati-eal formulae and customs in the gentle art of grading. Some of the systems which are used on this campus at the present time among the various departments and even among the individual professors should be classed as freaks and the schemes confined to a museum. The experience of any one studefit could probably be used as an example, but let us glance momentarily at the classroom life of an ordinary engineer, especially during his latter years of college. As he surveys his obj ective tests in the maj ority of his firstyear courses, he will find on them Dl’s, 49’s, 84’s, or some equally silly number, but if the case is exceptional, the rating may drop as low as -20, a grade that is one of the most asinine things a student can experience. A shock will occur later on in the progression when Civil School hands return the first laboratory report in which there is inevitably scattered a series of one and two per cent deductions which call attention to omissions or other minor errors. The markings have merit in that they encourage writing in good form, but otherwise their value is nil. If heat engineering should be on the program of our mythical engineer, he would find that instead of being graded on a basis of 100 points, he has a possibility of making 119,130, or whatever is the order of the day. As formulae are inserted in equations in a rush to complete a two-hour test in one hour, the numerical worth of each push of the slide rule is a factor that will make up the final verdict. On the opposite extreme from the above, there can be cited the chemical engineering course where twenty points made up a passing average while a grade of 35 was approaching a point of honor. If our engineer is exposed to a course in industrial engineering during his senior year, he will find the climax to all previous absurdities. After receiving a numerical number for each ques tion, the resulting total is multiplied by a coefficient that is figured to the thousandth of a point and obta,ined by the use of a high-powered formula. There are also the courses in which the average grade is a little over a 90, while other courses ap proach the opposite extremes. Such is a sketchy trip through a maze of grading systems from which emerge numbers that are combined, multiplied and divided, recorded, and are finally uised to determine those eligible for graduation. Grades are possibly necessary evils which must be used in the sense of a salary—a reward to those who can put on ^aper the results of long nights of study, but in our present attitude towards the almighty grade the objective of learning is side tracked in the quest for a high rating. It becomes still iriore foolish when we think of accomplishinents in terms of 81’s and 94’s and when we apply coefficients of 1.625 to the amount of comprehension and application contained in a fifty-minute essay. ' . ' '^ ,
Go Out And See Members of the 4-^H club, poultrymen, and townspeople will be guests of the University tonight to inspect the workings and progress made in engineering, science, and pharmacy. Open house serves to give visitors a condensed picture of wl goes on in this University from day to day. This short evening of entertainment serves to attract our future students because one’s technical interests coincide with those of the open house displays in the various buildings. The committee in charge of this year’s open house has spent a great deal of time and effort in settinig attractive and educational displays as well as providing for many new features. It is a good plan for students to lay aside their work and see what goes on in the other parts of our institution. Thinking along a single channel and living for four years in one part of the campus often gives one a distorted view of his University. —C. H., Jr.
Fundamental Integrity
One of the strangest cases recently coming before the public is that of the Missouri high school boy who won a $5,000 schol arship offered by Eddie Cantor by copying a magazine article word for word and passing it off as his own. This 18-year-old boy, a high school senior, frankly admitting his deception, when it was discovered, said he didn’t know what “plagiarism’’ was, and didn’t know he had done anything wrong-r-that he thought he had a right to copy that peace article and pass it off as his own in order to get a college education. This is a question of f undamental intelligence and integrity* It involves not only law and morals, but sportsmanship. Are the schools driving it home to their pupils ? They should be doing so, from the kindergarten up.—^R. C. S.
FORGOTTEN FLUSHII ]S[ews from the fish-bowl tells us that Frankie Ford has hooked Harry :hes’ D. U. pin. AGAIN. Some people learn a lesson after the first time, but not Harry. Personally, we believe that Frankie was ready to do anything after her sojourn in the
hospital.
MERGERS ONE DAY—DISMERGERS THE NEXT After all of Cupid’s swell efforts last week to distribute pins, the Pifis turn around and try their best to thwart the littie Meaiis returned to DaVe Williams his jewieiry; Bill Corbin took a blow in the faqe from Lois Blbwf arid Milb^ keeps Ray Puller’s pin for only tWo weeks. Fickle womenr THE WELL-KNOWN TRIANGLE
Again.
While Nick Belury brags about how be has Judy Jones sewed up (he can’t be bothered with the ‘‘Gingham Ciallop” and Judy when the SPE beer party is the same night) rumor has it that Kappa Sig Burnell is that way about this same little
lassie./
ALWAYS GOOD, FOR A; CRACK Harvey Cline has a certificate from Allens which shows that he has been promoted to the ADVANCED DANCING CLASS. He progressed rapidiy'hecause he is “so light on his feet”. Just so he stays on his own feet. HOORAY!, A CONTRIBUTION ,We don’t know why the Pifis are picked on, but here it is, as sent in: Some of these Pi Phis are in a terrible shape—■ Corisider those with glasses . . . they who also pluck their eyebrows .. . when they have their glasses off, they can’t see to pluck 'em, and when they have them on, they can’t get at ’em . . Woe is to them! —Mournful Joe. OVERHEARD IN THE; UNION It seems the Thetas are invited over to the Phi Kappa Sigma house for dinner tomorrow and if they don’t attend they will be fined one buck. Far be it from me to say who the girls are that said they would rather pay the fine, but I did hear off ttem tell "Walkey that they were invited. It’s O. K. Fritz, you can tell ’em you didn’t know a thing
abowfeit,
FANNIES FANNED APLENTY All jour poor Gimlet pledges that can’t place your southern extremities with ease this morning, just be thankful that this isn’t the old days (What happened in the old days ?) THREE CHEERS FOR WHAR
■ . TON
Bill Jones (you know the buy with the band) is thinking about going to Wharton next semester. We hate to see him go, but if he does, we hope that he takes his Beta pin with Mm. Lommel will look much better out from under that plaque. AIN’T IT THE TRUTH! When they kiss arid make up, she gets the kiss arid he gets the make-
up.
FAMOUS LAST LINES I’ll be all caught up after summer school.
Purdue.
4-H Round-Up, all day. ' 4-H Club Meeting, Ag Hall, ris I sembly room, 7-8 p. m. v Egg and Baby Chick Shdws, Poul-
try Building. Horticultural Society, Hort Building, room 202, 7-9 p. m. Thirirsdny 4-H Round-Up, Eliza Fowler Hall 7:00 a. m., 2:45-5 p. m.; Livestock Judging Pavilion. Egg and Baby Chick Shows 7-9 p m., Poultry Building. Friday Playshop's Mother’s Day Play, “The Romantic Young Lady”, Jefferson gymnasium, 8:80 p.m. Cosmopolitan Club Social Hour Union, 7p. m 4-H Club, Eliza Fowler Hall, 7 a. m.-lO p. m. Baseball, Indiana at Purdue. Egg and Baby Chick Shows,, Poultry Building. Sigriia Chi Iriformal D^ce, Chapter house, 9-12. Triangle informal Radio’ Dance, Chapter house, 9-12. 4-rH Club Party, Women’s g^, 9:80-11:30 p. m. ’’.Saturday, Baseball, Indiaria at Purdue. Acacia, Delta Sigma Lambda Spring Formal, Allen’s ballroom, 9-
12.
Alpha Kappa Lambda Spring Formal, Duncan Hall, 9-12. Mother’s Day Program Style Show, Home Ecbnoiriics auditorium, 10:30-11:30 a. m. Luri'cheon, Union ballroom, 12 noon. Pageant, Oval, 2:30 p. m.; announcement of Mortar Board pledges. - Reception, Union, following pageant . University Sing in front of Eliza Fowler Hall, 6:45. “The Romantic Young Lady”, Jefferson gymnasium, 8:30 p. m. May Day Mixer, Uriion ballroom, 9-12., ^ Sunday y.' W- C. A. Service Hour, Faculty Lounge, 9:30 a. m. Monday Agronomy Seminar, Ag Hall; room 201, 4 p. m,, G. H. Enfield, “Minor Elements in Fertilizers”.
jP]fe]bRpHtioiis.Resniiied ForlospectioiiOfROTC Preparations ^or the. R. 0. T, C. national inspection were cuntinubd at Corps Day yesterday With a review on Russell Field followed by massed calisthentics and commkrid system drilling. All cadets Were excused fi wearing of uniforms for the purpose of cleaning them for the Rotary and national inspections. The Rotary club inspection will be held next Tuesday at Corps Day. National inspection will be held Thursday and Friday of next week.
1
Co-ed Archers Advance In Tournament Play Continuing the rounds in the! women’s intramural archery tournament, Louise Caldwell, shooting for Ward 3, defeated Ernestine Brown, of Alpha Xi Delta, by a.wide margin. Marjorie Douglas, representing Ward 1, was victorious in her match with Barbara Dobson, Kappa Alpha Theta. Shooting for Ward 2 wasirenb Boehm na McLeod, of the Kappa Kappa Gamma sOrofity. The; rounds will be resumed ;tbi^?^^ning.' FRATERNITY DOUBLES Toduy, 5 o’clock Phi Gamma Delta vs. Krippa Delta) Rho. ■ ■ Phi Kappa ys. Delta Tau Delta. Phi Kappa Sigriia vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
John Wdlkey, both of Lafayette.
fli We’re having two co-ed dates again this week-end. I Get your hair ready for the ' summer. If you must go hatless, have your “crowning glory” really glorious. Permanent Waves and Shampoos KIENLY Beauty Shop 662 Main St.. Phone 7727
LAST TIMES TODAY CONWAY TEARLE in “Desert Gems” also "' JAMESDUNN : ARLENE JUDGE . . ■■■■ in “ Welcoime; Home”
'capTBm, jiiiiia*' WTO • iWIliiiE j 20tfieeQ^ f •Foa PieturcLji^^^S
Sigma Pi Sigma Hears Plank Discuss Atom G. J. Plank, senior physics student, last night gave a talk on the atom at a meeting of Sigma Pi Sigma, honorary physics society, in the lecture room of the Physics Building* His lecture, which was illustrated, was the first in a series designed especially for undergraduates.
Bisk Dental GIIhIc PAUL A. BISK : ' ROBERT G. BISK . HAROLD J. SISK /LUTHto .A. RISK 400 SdinltB Bids. Phono 8701 Conner 4th and Bloln
Thursday - Friday - Saturday
LAST TIMES TODAY DOUBLE‘FEATURE JOHN BOLES GLADYS SWABTHOUT in ; . “Rose of the Rancho” and EDWARD EVERETT HORTON in ; “Her Master’s Voice”
Thursday - Friday - Saturday BUCK JONES . -in ■ “Silver Spurs” and CHESTER MORRIS in “Moonlight Murder”
LAST TIMES. TODAY HEitO0SfOlll.6vE../ 'WAK&IEi, '■
YoniiR nnimgh to bo tbooiottealf oM enonsrh to bo practicoL RICHARD J. BATH WATCHMAKBE 608 Main St.
AN N i ® rFm® BiSPCE CAi®f 1 ' Mame
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday 2 BIG FEATURES EDMUND LOWE “The Garden Murder Case” ami'. ROSS ALEXANDER “Boulder Dam”
Special Clean up Sale lor Porefye Studeiits Good for One Week Only—Wednesday, May 6 to J 3
No.
1. PURDIM LAB. C@¥iiS, per d@Ken:.::..„..:.15e ^ ■
1. BOX LiTTiR FILE, indexed, each..............45c
3. .FILIHG FOLOiRS with Name Tab,, each.,..02c
4. CHICAGO Pencil Sharpener, each..............85c |
1 5. Saxe 19x24, Leather Corner Desk Pad, with green, or blue blotter, each.......................:50c
“ ATLANTIC BOND : ^ 10© Sanall No. 6% inveiopes t©-mateh......35c 10© Large No. 10 invelopes to mafch...,....55e
7, Brief, and Report Loose Leaf Binders, wa-ter-proof, with Ace© fasteners, complete, , Wsse, brown, red and black, each.........^...... 15c
8. 1 PaIr Steei iookends, palr....i...................l5c '
9..1Reanv;500sheets,8y2x11,yell©wManila’ paper, fjn§ quality, per ream................ 28e
10. Same as No. 9, only ruled, per ream...........l35e
.11. M. H. SVzxli, pure white, excellent grade, 500 sheets to box, per b©x..............65e
12. Good Grade, Steel Bond Box, with lock and two,keys,.each .:....:85c
13. 1 Doxen Mikado, or Tieonderoga Lead Pen- , , ®8is, per doxen, . q,Qg
14, A Paper Stapling Machine, like you have always wanted,, complete with IM Staples, -
15. Hand Painted Scrap Book, sixe 11x14, with sheets, per book
|*ff®4«ality. Typewriter Carbon, black No 5©9, per doxen sheets......^ .25e '
EXTRA.SPECIAL. We will make you 0 new Copper Name Plate and 100 Genuine Engraved Cards, choice of 6 styles of type, for....................$|,75
Retail Dept.->--5th and Ferry Sts. Phone 4085/ V ' ~ ' LAjg*Atatti^,l:&jDlANA>WEB^ESDAY,llAy 6, 1936
/'/ V V'.A. K'gga?M.^: Ii'.ii"! i.Ji .'UI.mill.'ill... W^^jij.fji.Miiiii.i,i,iiii.iii).r. fill! fiiijMiWiiffirt .Ii,, |_|||| inf liiririrtfaAiii.i.i.^;^ii.-i toniii./in ff II rl^■i,■■r,^,■ld■^h,^^ !j,... 'IT,, ,r t „.,^, r,‘,lU,,„ni •
t
‘X M '*
»>.■■;■■„ -I I -Iir
•en 24th Session
mer; Many Courses Available
Opening with registration Thursday, June 11, in the registrar’s office, the 1936 summer session will continue for eight weeks and officially close Saturday, August 8, Present indications, based on inquiries made to date, point to the largest session in the history of the school with about 1,000 ^students ex-
=pected to enroll for courses. The present high of 890 en; trants was set several years
,^gO.
The lar^ increase in prospective em^llment has beeii at^ibuted to the unusual number of special features attendant upon the session this summer; ihcludihg the science institute, vocational teachers’ conference, and courses in public safety. ’ ;v.. - ^Admission ; . Requirements for admission will remain the same as those for the regular year, ekcept in certain special cases where regular college credit for satisfactorily completed work is hot deseed. Teachers in accredited high schools, graduate students, special students, and undergraduates are eligible for entry as provided in the catalogue. Incoming freshmen desiring to receive advance credit prior to enrolling in the fall ma,y also register for the ses-
Ag Teachers To Meet Here
June
J^foted Speakers To Discuss C u r r e n t Farm
Problems
Indiana teachers of vocational agriculture will Convene here during a four-day period of June 16 to 19 to discuss the current problems confronting Hoosier farm people. Although the program has not been completely assembled, several of the speakers appearing on the Science Institute program will speak at the general sessions of the vocational
conference.
Dr* Walter B. Pitkin, Columbia University journalism professor; Dr. John R. Oliver, John Hopkins Uniyersity; Dr. Ralph M. Davis, pastor of the Church of the Covenant, Erie, Pa.; and others will speak and discuss agriculturai' research and educational problems.
Discussions
At the various round table meetings of the several departments of agriculture, including animal husbandry, dairy, ag education, poultry, horticulture, and rural economics, groups will plan a program of teaching for the coming year. Included in the special social program, one evening will be devoted to a dinner meeting given by the Tenure club for all teachers interested and will contain a variety program with a guest speaker as well as University officials giving short talks. Also one night will be given over to a general grid banquet which will include a general informal talk on University athletics and campus
doings.
Costs Low Summer Session Rates Attractive . V ., , Students desiring rooms in private homes during the summer session will have many locations available at low cost. Homes on all sides of the campus will be open to students, with prices ranging from $2 to $3.60 a week for one person. Board may be obtained in boarding houses at $4 to $6.60 per week. Excellent meals are served in these private homes, and in the restaur ants and cafeterias near the campus. The range in price makes it possible for each student to secure accomoda tions in accord with his mode of liv ing. Women students must live in rooming places approved by the dean of women, Dorothy C. Stratton. Information on rooms way be secured from M. L. Fisher, dean of men.
The number of college men applying for free Navy air training has decreased sharply since last year.
The next war will be won by the nation having the best gasoline, says Dr. Merrell R. Penske, of Pennsylvania State College.
All regular class and laboratory periods will be doubled in each (Bourse in order to complete the Work required for the regular semester credit. Four summer sessions may count as one year of winter residence. The majority of courses are scheduled for fifty minutes daily, six day.3 a week. In the case of courses requiring more class time, longer periods per day are proAdded pro portionately. Normal Load Three full courses are considered the normal student load for the summer session. Anyone desiring to carry extra work should apply to the committee on assignments for permission. Such application should be made only if the student has a supei’ior scholastic record. Seniors lacking credits to graduate in June, 1936, may complete these credits in the summer session and graduate in August.
Looking Forward It is my personal hope, and may I say my expectation, that —e summer session of 1936 may prove for ail of us concerned— administrators, lecturers, teachers, students—a. period of genuine attainment, not alone in intellectual and aesthetic stimulation, but in the formation of valuable contacts and associations with new and refreshing personalities, and in the enjoyment of wholesome recreation in the midst of hard work carried on in pleasant and inspiring surroundings. In this way the eight short weeks of the summer session will make a real contribution to education in the truest sense of the word. The outlook for the 1936 session is more encouraging than ever. We look forward not only to meeting old friends but also the session. . , : Di^eotpr the
Stiidents tissue' ■; Siiniinei': Summdr students have,hfor several years, published a; mimeographed weekly newspaper of from nine to fifteen. pages, under the direction of a member of the University English departnient. This year the paper will be continued but there is a possibility that the paper may be printed. Prof. J. H. McEee was in charge of the paper last year, which was entitled “Sumiher Session Notes”. It had a staff of around a dozen students and was distributed free to all students, being issued on funds provided by the Universily. This year, as in the past, all sunimer students will be eligible for the staff. Complete plans, however, have not yet been made.
iem For Sumnler Work Excellent laboratory and shop facilities will be available tb students attending the summer session here this year.MS/Iost of the labs open during the regular sessions will be in use. Lab work in almost all of the freshman and sophomore lab courses and in some of the required junior and senior courses will be offered. It is planned to reserve several laboratories for graduate work, in which no regular classes will be held but which will be available to graduate students at all times.
Flail liiteii^e IJnit Cotirsea To Offer Specialpraw^ , ' ing' Coiirses ■ Several intensive unit courses and two special courses in drawing will be offered by the University during the summer session. The courses in dravdng consist of special instrtiction in water coloring and outdboV sketching, taught by L. V. MoSer, and special drawing work, tailghtby Professor A. H. Carter. The intensive unit courses, running for brief periods and designed for those who, must obtain a maximum of information in a minimum of time, also offer courses in special drawing Work. The latter is instructed by Professor Schantz-Hansen.'^ Other Courses
schools. Special methods in super-
To Slimmer Students;
Lectures, Demonstrations, Will Be Given June 15^25
Discussions
Inteiteiye unit courses will also offer instruction in administration
and organization in vocational edu- . . . .. cation, public schools, and high c^bding some of the leaders in Amer-
, as a part of the
twenty-fourth annual summer session. Several men, well known td University students- ’
and faculty will appear on this ten-day special program which hiCludes on its list of spe?il^s Dr. Walter B. Pitkin, Dn Ralph Marshall Davis, Dr. John R.
Oijver, Dr. Hcuiiell ^ M. A. Dawber, and oihers. Registration headquarters and
most of the group meetings will be held in the M(emorial Union Btiildipg, while-all general meetings •will be conducted in Eliza Fo'wler Hall. The classroom periods ■will follow a tentetiye schedule to permit a maximiim of group direction. For example, if a ^oup desires it, a clasSTobm period ■will be arranged from 6 to 7 a. m. As there are no fixed fees, the total cost of enjoying the prmleges _bf the entire period ■will be determined by indmdual desires.
Personal Conferences
This training course is planned for persons engaged in actmties designed to improve human relationships and is arranged in_ order to be of ^eatest value to students and teachers, 'with ample opportunity being provided for personal conferences on their special problems. The lecturers for the ten dasre, in
ican thought and action, will discuss
xa&yvA&vruo aj.1. -- 7-0-7
■vised farm practice, and part-time such as Psychology of Personality, and evening school work in vocation- Principles and Pr(^lems of Leader
al agriculture ■will also be given. Now this summer will be a special course in teaching traffic safety in public schools, under the instruction of Lieut. Kreml, head of the University Safety Bureau. The speech department plans a course for high school debate coaches, while the department of education offers several courses covering farm work, admin-
istration, and economics.
Professor Prank C. Hockema, director of the summer session, is one of the busiest men on the faculty, averaging almost twelve hours per day on his job as assistant to President Edward C. Elliott. Born in Shadeland, Indiana, in 1892, he attended Indiana State Teachers’ College for one year after his graduation from West Point high school. Continuing his studies at Purdue, he began his many years of work in and for the University. “Happy Frank”, as he is known to some students, received his bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering in l9l8. While an undergraduate, he Participated in class basketball and track, and is a meipber of Pirathon, the American Society for Industrial Edu(Bation, the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education, and the Society of Automotive Engineers. In Coast Guard Immediately after graduation, he enlisted in the coast guard. With the rank of first lieutenant. In 1919, after eleven months in the ser'vice, he joined the University faculty as an assistant in the engineering experiment station. He received his degi'ee of master of science in me
chanical engineering in 1923, and, nine years later. Was appointed to the rank of full-fledged professor of industrial education* In the absence of Jack Walters in 1933-34, Professor Hockema took over the direction of .the personnel office, and performed an admirable job in one of the darkest years of the depression. At the Conclusion of
this work, he was named assistant to the president, the job which he holds today. However, he still manages to squeeze a few hours of teaching into his busy schedule. Extension Work For the first few years after he joined the faculty, -Professor Hockema was in charge of extension work, and conducted niffbt classes for factory superintendents in all regions of the state. He did a fine job, as attested by the numerous presents he received from his classes, the many friends he made (and has held to, this day), and the many students who enrolled at Purdue because of their contact ■with him iwhile teaching the extension courses. He married Martha Kmpers in 1920, and they now have three sons, the oldest almost in his teeng. He loves, to play golf, but, because of the demands of his job, has very little time to spend on the linkk. Even so, he shoots around 90 whenever he does find time to indulge in the sport. He has no hobbies to speak of, other than his work. Salesman “Happy Frank” might be called “the Salesman supreme”. One year, in the early twenties; he sold more Buicks than any other man in the (Continued on Page 6
ship. Natural Science Applied to Daily Living, Human Relations, Public Safety, and Problems, Surveys, Organizations, and Programs
Applied to the Community.
Round-Table Talks
The round-table discussions afford a rare opportunity for summer session, students to come in contact with these leaders. Dr. Pitkin is a professor bf journalism, author, of Columbia University; Dr. Oliver is an associate professor in the'history of medicine,. John Hopkins University; Dr. Hart, of Hartford Theological Seminary, js a professor of social ethics; Dr. DaviS serves as pastor. Church of 'the Covenant, Erie, Pa.; and Dr. Dawber is superintendent of rural work* Board of Home Missions and Church Extension, of the MqthOdist Episcopal Church, Philadelphia, Pa.
Ratlrpads Offer Special Rates For Summer Students Students planning to attend the University’s summer school are to be offered special rates on railroad transportation to and from Lafayette. The Big Four Route already has authority to sell round trip tickets for a fare and a tlufd to sumnier school students, and the Wabasfi and Monon are expecting definite details in the near future. The railroads throughout the country are cooperating to encourage students to make use of fast, coihfortable trains in their annual trek towards the summer courses offered by: universities and colleges all over the nation* Students indicating their intention to atten(d summer school to the registrar will be sent a certificate, which, when presented to the ticket agent, permits him to issue the regular round trip tickets at the reduced rate (of a fare and a third. The ducats will be j^od up until August 12 for the return
trfp. ,
FiiU Social Program
To Students Play shop. Union WiU Contribute ToSummer
Activities
Mixers, plays, singing festivals, square dancing—that’s the social pro^am of the summer school student at the University. Although summer school is six weeks av^y, activity plans are already well under way. Beginning on Friday, June 12, the Memorial Union will entertain the students at a special reception and dance m the Union. Se'verid mixers ate plahhed for the sumnier session, the dates for which haye not as yet been set. One of the most popular features of the summer session is tiie outdoor all-University sing, conducted; by Albert P* Stewart. The final sing last summer was attended by over 2,000 students and townspeople. A student chOrus, under Mr. Stewart’s direction, usually presents a special concert at these meetings.
, . Playshop'.
Playshop last year presented two productions, amohg which was “Hearts of Gold”, Written and directed by Eenn Garmichaei. This year Prof; P. E. Lull will hum charge of the productions. The • plans for these have not yet been
announced.
On several evenings during the session old-fashioned dances aro held on the oval. Last year these dances drew nearly 100 people each time they Were: held. Religious Convocation On Sunday, June 21, a special religious (Bonvocation will be held in Eliza Fowler Hail, with Ralph M& shall Davis, eminent Erie, Pa*, minister. Who is appearing here in cqhnection with the Science and Leadership Institute, as the maiii speatk-’ er. This will be the only religious convocation of the summer. A Special chorus under Mr. Stewart’s direction ■will: furnish the music, ih the evening, a music festival will be staged with several different chons and music groups appearing on the
program.
Of those desiring mpre Social entertainment, many gO to l^al Beach on Shafer Lake, near MoBiiCello, while the Colonial Gardens at Rochester, and the Indiana Roof, in Indianapolis, attract others. Exceb lent swimming facilities are provided at Frankfort. The theaters, circuses, picnics and other activities all combine to fill the Sumiher student’s extra time.
1. ^ p j 1
Student Drivers Must Registei: University license plates ■will not be required on student ears during the summer session, but the names (iff owners must be submitted to Dean M. L. Fisher. No fee ■will bo
s I
i
records.ml mPM .
Sfibdid School Arrtmg^ ed for High School Teachers In conformance with new Indiana legislation requiring twenty hours of traffic safety instruction in all high schools, the University will offer an intensive course in traffic safety teaching methods and practices for high school teachers. Several hundred teachers are expected to attend the short course, which will last from June 8 to 13, preceding the regtdar summer session. Lieut. Franklin M. Kreml, specialist of the Purdue public safety institute, will be in direct charge of the course. Many noted authorities on traffic problems will assist Lieu-.
tenant Kreml in presenting' the safety course. ' j'.Neyhart To TOlk - Amos E, Neyhart, assistant proi^:, fessor of industrial engineerihg at Pennsylvania State tlniversity, will conduct classes in driver problems. Professor Neyhart is well known for his lessons in driving, as none Of his pupils have ever had accidents. One hour credit will be given for, the short course. Classes will begin at 8 o’clock in the morning and last until noon; begin again at 1 o’clock in the afternoon and last until 4 o’clock each day. To aid - high school instructors throughout the state in presenting traffic safety courses in their schools. Lieutenant Kreml; Marion Li Telford, consultant on child safety, educational division. National Safety
; '’The booklet otitlihes tbe '4iniS. hnd objectives of traffic’safety and pre-i'^'J sents basic teaching material for 'a comprehensive coprse in safety. Profusely illustrated with photographs and drawings, the manual pictures traffic hazards and how they may be avoided. Lieutenant Kreml is trying to obtain the services of Miss Telford and Mr. Baker as teachers for this short course.
Safety Program According to Lieutenant Kreml, Indiana has a more extensive program of public safety than any other state. However, he pointed out that other states have very effective programs, although no other state has an educational program as complete as Indiana’s new system. Although it is not possible for all Indiana high school teachers to take the short preparatory course for the teaching of public safety this summer, Lieutenant Kreml believes that enough will take the course to make an impressive beginning for the new Indiana course of study. The manual will help those who are unable to take the course, he said. Pull information concerning the traffic safety course may be obtained by writing Lieutenant Kreml, Engineering Administration Building, in care of Purdue University.
The new, modetn Women’s Residence ftall, pictured above,' Will rehiain open during the summer, session for the accomodation of women students. Room and board both are available at'nominal prices. ‘ * ■
Construction Work To Continue Throughout Sumnier Session
Health Service Facilities Available Summer students will be afforded the facilities of the Student Health Service during the session this year. The $27 summer session fee includes one dollar for the health service, and this gives students the same privileges as are accorded students during the regular semesters. Students may make as many office visits as necessary, with no extra charges being attached. Should hospitalization be deemed advisable, twenty dollars will be allotted to the expenses incurred while in the hospital. Amounts larger than this must be borne by the students them-
selves.
The American Student Union was termed part of a “Communist-con-trolled movement” by delegates to the D. A. R. convention.
Construction work on the Union' addition B, near Grant Street, and on the new Administration Building will be continued through, the summer, but neither project will be finished in time for use by summer session students. However, the ballroom addition will be available for summer use. The Union addition B is expected to be completed before the end of August, while the Administration Building will be ready early in December. Finishing touches to the ballroom will be made during the next three months. Plans for the new Union addition have not been entirely completed but the entire section shoffid be equipped and ready for use by the opening of school next fall. At present bowling alleys, a game room, grill lounge, music room, and browsing library are expected to constitute the major features with the remainder of the available space to be used for committee rooms and
offices.
The bowling alleys will be housed in the basement and will be five in number. The walls are being sound-
proofed to eliminate the objectionable noise usually associated with them. Nominal prices will be charged for use of the alleys and with the growing interest in bowling manifest on the campus it is expected that they will become unusually popular with the student body. The game room will be equipped with tables for cards, chess, checkers and other similar games. A pingpong table will be set up, also provided sufficient space is available and the noise of playing is not excessive. For the benefit of students who enjoy reading in an atmosphere of comfort and leisure a browsing room will be included. The walls will be lined with books over a variety of subjects and soft chairs provided for lounging. The music room should be of considerable interest to persons interested in music. In addition to the grand piano which will be available for random playing throughout the day, an automatic victrola, similar to the one in the Sweet Shop but
with no fare connected, will be installed and stocked with classical and semi-classical selections. The new Administration Building, when finished, will house the offices of the president and all other administrative functions connected with the University. It is thought that the actual transfer of equipment into the building will be made at Christmas, as this would cause the least disruption of school affairs.
4.H
ers
An economical place to eat. Fine foods, quick service. Platt Diiintrs 25c
Siitty’s Ceacii On Northwestern North of Fire House
The only machine of its kind
500 camshafts can be inspected (every hour by an automatic machine which has been designed and built by the Ford Motor Company. It is the only one of its kind. It has a gaging accuracy of one ten-thousandth of an inch. It gages Ford camshafts at 25 points. Any dimension not within the specified limits causes electrical and mechanical devices to reject the camshaft as It leaves the machine. There are ten inspection stations. The camshafts are placed in registered position In carriers mounted on an endless linked conveyor and carried Into the machine. At each station the conveyor stops momentarily. Automatic centers engage the ends of the camshafts and hold them rigidly. Then 25 floating gage
heads lower automatically, measure the shafts, then rise. As the conveyor moves the shafts to the next station, other mechanism rotates and Indexes them for the next set of gage heads. The gage heads contain hard-alloy-tipped measuring plungers which are linked to amplifying levers. Variations In shaft sizes, beyond set limits, close a set of contact points which operate two solenoids. One sets the rejection mechanism; the other raises a marking plunger which puts a daub of copper sulphate solution on the shaft where the dimension is over or undersize. When shafts come out of machine they are automatically passed or rejected. All told, there are 54 inspections on every Ford V- 8 camshaft.
FORD MOTOR COMPANY *‘The Story of Wool and Mobair,” a Ford educational sound slide film presenting the entire history of the textile industry, is now available for showing before college groups, clubs and organizations. The local , Ford dealer will be glad to furnish film, projector, and operator if desired.
$32.50 Automatic Feed...Rotary Stencil Duplicating Machine For Clibsi Fratemitiosi Sororitios and all Orfaniiations
10 EXCLySiVE FEATyHiS 1— Less working parts than any other duplicator on the market. 2— Size of Sheet: From Postcard to Legal Size Form. 3— Perfect Registration. 4— Raising or Lowering of Print. 5— Stripper. 6— Inside inking. 7— Adjustable to thickness of stock. 8— Speed of Automatic Feed— 5,000 Per Hour.9— Prints to the very top of Post Card or Sheet. 10—Fully Guaranteed.
A product of skilled engineering and specialized knowledge In the field of stencil duplicating machines. On demonstration at our stqre or In your home or office by appointment. ♦ Haywood’s
Fifth and Ferry
Lafayette, Indiana
Some of the “Money Saving and Earning” Uses of this Maeliine: SHIPPING FORMS SHOP ORDERS INVENTORY LISTS STOCK LISTS PRICE LISTS POST CARDS <- ANNOUNCEMENTS ‘ CIRCULARS <- SALES BULLETINS LETTERS OF ALL KINDS <- INSTRUCTION SHEETS <_ PRODUCTION SCHEDULES CARTOONS «- BLOTTERS <- ROUTING SHEETS DEPARTMENT MEMOS PROMOTIONAL WORK <_ ENVELOPES <- BARGAIN LISTS INSURANCE FORMS STATEMENTS LETTERHEADS <- HAND BILLS <- OFFICE FORMS <- RENTAL LISTS BILLHEADS MENU CARDS-«-ORDER BLANKS' The activities undet* mrltn ming are many and varied,! be medals given io
There will be misled swims in the evening, a summer school -championship meet and a meet with the Ross Camp team in .addition, to the regular swimming. The pool will be available for the men every day from 11 to 12 o’clock in the morning and from 3 to 6 o’clock in the afternoon. On Wednesday and Friday evenings, from 7:30 to 9 o’clock, there will be mixed swimming for all the men and women enrolled for the summer session.
Swimming Meet
given for the different
championships and rimner-ups, A handball team, will be organized and'a series of games played. A team chosen from the outstanding candidates will represent the students of the summer school in a series of matches with the Ross Camp teahi and with any other teams in this vicinity which can be scheduled. There will also be a badminton court lined off in the area just south of the Memorial Gymnasium. This sport, which is an excellent one, is expected to become quite
popular. Tennis
Airport Plans Activities For Summer Session
tersect with the Chicago-Miami route which ^ready passes over the airport. New Plane
A swimming meet will be held among the summer school students for the purpose of determining a champion and also to select a team to meet the Ross Camp aggregation. This swimming meet, which consists of eight different events, will offer an unusually good chance for the outstanding water enthusiasts, and to make it even more attractive it has beiM apnoUttced 'that there wrill
The excellent facilities for tennis will provide lovers of this sport with an opportunity to play their favorite game. The courts will be . available for free play during the day and evenings. To stimulate interest in tennis there will be a series of singles tournaments for the students and faculty with medals for the champion and the one placing sec-
ond.
Inforinal soft ball games between the diff erent departments will be OT' gbnised to play in the totra leagu which is run every, summer. Ganies will also probably be scheduled with the Ross Camp team; and any other teatas in this vicinify desiring td :play.„ :^: ^Golf v'c; In addition to the wide variety of sportSdffered hero atthe University there will be three golf courses, for those v^b desire to play. Green fees are nominal :and in the past many golfers have taken advantage of the pppottunity, : The program outlined is One calculated to make the two months of summer School quite pleasant and the variety offered wdll give evety person a chance to participate in at least one of the sports offered.
Summer activities at the Univer--sity Airport will center around the construction of two new runways to facilitate the landing and taking off of planes, and a new air route beacon, all of which are. expected to be finished before the end of, the sum-
mer session^:
Summer students will be afforded the use of the Airport and its facilities. Flying instruction will be offered, as usual, under the direction of Capt. L. I. Aretz. Runways Work has already started on the runways, and fbe , fere of tlm
beacon will begin in the near future. Hard surfaced materials are being used in building the landing strips, which are to be 100 feet wide and 3,600 feet long. When completed, they are expected to eliminate the problem of landing and taking off on a muddy field. The beacon will be used to mark the Ghi^go-Cihcihnati air r^^ present the air guide is situated a shorf distahce easf of Lafayette and ■will have tb Igs ;'dismantled ;f^ transportation to' its new location. This air-beaCOn route will then in-
Wi
A Stinson tri-motored cabin plane has recently been purchased from the Chicago Southern Air Lines by Capt. L. -I. Aretz, who is in charge of the airport. It was in service with the air line until April 23. The ship is now available for charter trips. At present there are twelve ships and several gliders at the fields all of which are in use. About 35 students are now taking flying instruct tions at the Airport in addition to the members of the Glider Club, who work on or fly their gliders from the field nearly every day.
'IS
,
Schdol? i; :Aii;',E'ditQriar^
Harvard’s Pie Eta Club was forced to appeal towomen’s colleges: for a supply of chorines to dance in the annual show when members ref nbed; to shave their legs.
at thg sunim ai^ tJiose-in: their schedules, diid to ilhiessi late entrance, or failures, T^
instructors will be available td handle the necessary teaching duties, - , ,. Included in this number are several ', . , > j guest speakers for the Sdence and ^
Leadership Institute.
Work will be offered in all five en-
gineering schools, pharmacy, agri- * "
culture, sdenee, engineering-law, home economies, induslrial educa-
tion, and physical educaHon. Addi- ' 'i tional courses will be available in , ; vocational education, public school ^ |
administration, and vocational agrri-
culture.
Edacati<m The department of education is pro'viding the largest fagulty and most courses, ■with 16 instructors and 58 courses, due primarily to the large number of elementary and high school teachers expected to attend the summer session this year. Many of the courses to be offered will be from the freshman and sophomore curriculums, but there will be a considerable number of subjects available for upperclassmen. For the convenience of graduate students, several graduate courses ■will be offered, especially along techni-
cal lines.
A complete list of the subjects to be taught in this year’s summer ses-^ sion IS given in the catalog for the session. Catalogs may be obtained from the registrar’s offlce, and ap-^ plication blanks are available at the same place.
.
t
f
f !
many prefer to do it (durin^^ they cannot find employment. - But‘summer school also holds opK^rtunities^ fe are regular in their schedules. Taking courses in advance of the time they are prdinapiy (parried gives such people a, two-fold ad'v^htage: their progi^s during the nine-month schotfi peri-^ 6d ma,y be lightHed, or they may take courses other than those, required for gi^a4uutldh. V ^ The first pom^ no explanation ^ alt students laiow the manner in -which lighter loads allow more time for the million and one things that aiise each year. Engineering students
A FEW REASONS WHY YOU V;':": ^^SHomOBUY A:TOSS:
ha^
^Et£fTRiCAUY PHOTECtEU
sAIe
3JLua£f[Sgfi€i
BERLIN
ermany
Olympic Year is the World's Festive Year In Germany, The Xlfh Olympic GaT^v ore centered in a grand programme of exciting attractions: The Bayreuth Wagner Festival [Plays, the Munich Opera Festivals, International Art ^ Exhibitions, brilliant theatricals, in additions Scenic grandeur, famous health resorts/ romantic castles, picturesque folk festivals, medieval towns, cosmppolitanr cities. Modern travel comfort and the traditional hospitality of the land of Wanderlust and Gemutlichkeit. Railroad fares reduced dO%,Travel Marks at low rates. Write for booklet C.?!.
The broad fields ihat mhst be covered allow no time for the “culturar’ subjects so underrated by the a'verage en^neering teacher; neither is there opportunity, ordinarily, for the spe^
’ fIb tONC WEAR
SlMPtE SINOl.6.
/PR&^lSIfltilCUt CEABSi
Hhit JD^eing;'
Ronx Shampoo nnte give yonr hair the lo^r and softnew of nnfsmched hair.: Also E:^ebiow and ^Eyelash Bydng,
627 State St.
MINETTE BEAUTY SHOP
\
1
lArcje
, £A$Y ROUtNOiSuMSfViCaiiicnd-
Phohe 2067
BBna
\MuMmSt.ujaS^ TcivES Plus VAtUE ’in lono service
PORCE^i^EMA^eCf
wKir SiifttES to I
RUBBER MOUMTEB
LIGHT CREENc
Dr. Edward G. Elliott, president of Purdue University, Will be among the speakers on the prograni of the Science and Leadership Institute.
;GiillVIAN RAILROMS
665 Fifth Ave.:al 53r<i St., New York
SUMMER SESSION ■■ PROGRAM.r"-''
OWE
♦ Shiow YOBT love for hex with a fill Mother^* 13 ay Car d
'INC, 518-20 Main gt. Phone 6477
Pc
June 11, 8 a. m. Registration. June 12, Instructional Work Begins. June li5> Science Institute Begiiw. June 16-19,; Animal Cbhference for Yocatipnai Teachers of Agricul ':ture.'; ''\ Jupe 26, Science Institute Ends. Jqly 4, Independehce bay—-Holi-day.y July 11, 4:38 p. m,, Gradiiate Theses bue-~Candidates, August> '1986^::: V-;' August 8, 4:30 p. in,, Baccalaureate Theses bu6---Candidates, August, 1936.. August 8, 6 p. m., Summer Ses•sioiiEnds/^
Profiteers of Future Wars at Renssalaer pQlytecb broke up r peace play receUtly, declaring peace to be inimicable to iheir interests.
Yale, Harvard, buiyersity of Wi^ consiii and University of Buffalo men have leadiiiff po^ihobs on the new GOP brain timst.
416 Main St.
■ Spurt Goats All Wool Flannel in solid colors, checks and plaids. ;
Sport Trousers / All Wool/ white, light tan, grey and fonay.
$3.95 VS5.00 -'SSeSO Wilson Bros. Spoft Shirts, all styles. -.■.C$1.00'..::;.
V D Sport Shirts ; $1.00,$140 .
V. ■■ -IhteSrwoyeii'^Hose.,.:. In anklets and regulars, light and pastel colors.
•Faiittless: PaJaiaUs With the Uew Knit Top. '■; '■: ;|1.9fi'y':;$2,50':- '
. .,;■ .^Ties:.. ’ New light colors. fi5c - $1,00
.■\>;';;\'Bhirts, Duke of Kent, button down, regular style collars.’ $1,50 - $1.66 - $2.00
Shirts and Shorts Sport styles, jockeys. Faultless, Arrows. 26c - 35c - 50c
The New in Men’s FurnkM^
DE WENTER’S
822 MAIN ST.
Pliune277T
—Modem Transportation for Modern People ;at;Mod(^n.l^ices^.
agSiBSpii;
S'
0^
Phone 502^30711
I
WOMEN'S RESIDENCE IHALL
TO PURDUE AIRPORt
VETERINARir
PUBBUE PEESONALITIES— Prof. Frank C. Hockema—
Eliza Fowler Hall will be the site of all general meetings of the Science and Leadership Institute, to be held at the University from June 15 to June 25, in connection with the regular summer session.
(Continued from Page 3) state, winning all the prizes offered to salesmen. He sold himself on the car, too, for he has been driving Buicks ever since. It is rumored that he made more money that year from selling cars than he did teaching. His other outstanding feat in this line was in selling Purdue to high school students in northern Indiana. One year he took a few University students on a tour of the high schools, which were visited at the same time by representatives of the other colleges in the state. While the other representatives addressed the
high school students on the benefits to be had by attending their respective institutions, Professor Hockema merely remarked about the advantages of a technical education.
Drew More Students Then, when the students adjourned from their general assemblies to find out more about the schools they favored, the Purdue section was alWays the largest. At these latter sessions, the Purdue students were on hand to give reliable information about the University, and, consequently, Purdue drew more students than the other colleges that had been represented. In his work as assistant to President Elliott, Professor Hockema has many and varied duties. He carries much of the burden of routine busi-
ness, and handles many of the details, thus saving the president a considerable amount of time. He also is often delegated to represent Dr. Elliott at ^mpus and other functions which the latter cannot find time to attend. In this connection, he is called upon to make many after-dinher talks, and is growing quite proficient at the task. A ohe-word description of Professor Hockema might be "personal■ity” : ' '
Rice Institute, Texas, gives an unofficial intelligence test to student campaigners before elections.
Dr. Aaron Bakst, Columbia mathematician, every week receives two or three ^‘solutions” of mathematical problems that are unsolvable.
Women-s Residence Hall will again be open for the eight weeks' session. Rates, which include room and board, are $12 a week single, $11 a week double. The spacious, modem dormitory can accomodate ajtproximately 125 residents, Mi^ Helen Bi Sohleniari, director of tlm Hali, is in charge of reservations;
Dr. Ralph Marshall Davis, Erie, Pa., pastor, who is well known to University students, will appear on the program of the Science and Leadership Institute.
®Ouv Budget Plan Department piTcrs a person^ized service to every car owner, Come in today <md let us assist you in arranging the purchase of your car needs on a convenient weekly payment basis. Pay out of Income. Confidential service.
graducite. For th® How lloyoi ^8 sensoo
word in p®rff©cfS@is—emy t© yfOj built for a ilfe-tinid a few cents a dcay.
f
# Come in today and hear this amazing new radio. Comparable sets will cost
you up to 920.00
more. P<
ray as you
Listen to the Voice of Firestone; Monday evenmsa, oyer N. B. C; — WEAF N&worU
Service Store 9th & Ferry Phone 2903
IPsfirdpise Exponent Advertisers
■ ■ JNG. ■ ' 518-20 Main St Phone 6477
r
t/V'
-VP-
EXCELLENT ' FOODSERVICE
P--
RECREATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES
EXCELLENT RESIDENTIAL ACCOMODATIONS
in the
for Upper Classmen and fit? Transient Guests
'O'fPl,
r
actUueJ-
*‘The Corner of the Campus, Yet the Center of College Activities*- - .., ■
t '*‘■1! 'i 1^
&i
Lr'S'’,',? , jP'^ir'rt .<’•'
*
ki i
bSL-.
I '' I
’ •-. ’'' >1 a1* I . -'f 1
I
mm :iM-' I
A ^ m
I J
..-v B I I I
I I
Indiana^ Northwestern Ihmde Boilermaker Camp For Week-End Contest As a tuneup for the triangular meet with Indiana and Northwestern here Saturday afternoon, Purdue’s track team will hiatch strides with DePauw’s well-balanced squad this after-
dual meet of the season. The Greencastle aggregation, which
won a triangular engagement
with Hoosier rivals handily last week, has shown sufficient strength to force the. Purdue entries to their limit, and a series of closely contested events are anticipated. While thife afternoon’s meet with DePauw provides the immediate track interest, local track enthusiasts are already looking forward to Saturday’s triangular meet, which will be launched at 2 o’clock in the RossrAde stai^m, as one of the highlights of the season. Both Indiana and Northwestern hdast of a number of outstanding iiidivid,uals, and although Indiana is favored for victory, the list 1 of entries indicates that the track races, particuiarly in the ttiiddle distances
and distance events, will produce some outstanding marks providing weather conditions are favorable.’ The half-mile run in itself would qualify as a feature race in any track meet, matching Hobbs and Gill, of Indiana, against Fleming, of Northwestern, and Glendenning, of
fourth, respectively^ in the Big Ten indoor championships this spring and will renew their rivalry ■ in the local event.
SAE’S LEAD— .(Continued fijomp high hurdles, shot put, discus, and the pole vault, were run at the same time in most instances and the few spectators found it rather hard to keep up; in all events; The times
ditions, of many of Ahe participants and in general the meet proved to be one of great interest. / •«. , The results^ of the meet to the present are as follows J ‘ - 440-yard dask—b^ifield. Phi K^appa Sig, 1st: Luther, Theta Xi, 2nd; DeLong, Eappa Sig, 3rd: Bryant, Phi Kappa Sig, 4th. Time: 51.8. Discus—^Fanning, Delta Upsilon, 1st: Lynch, Kappa Delta Rho, 2nd; Clark, Delta Upsilon, 1st; Lynch, Kappa Delta Rho,.2nd; Clark, Delta Upsilon, 3rd; Sullivan, Phi Kappa Sig, 4th. Distance: 111 feet. 120-yard' hurdles—Schilling, Phi Psi, first; Elliott, Phi Delt, second; McConnick and Harmon (both of the SAE house) tied for third and fourth places. Time, 17.2. Pole vault—Collis, SPE first; Larie, SAE, second; McGannon, Phi Kappa, third; four men from four different fraternities fourth. Height,
11 feet.
Shot put—^Murphy, Delta Tau
Purdue. Fleming, Hobbs and Glen-
denning finished second, third, andfDelta, first; Mihal, Sigma Chi, sec-
ond; Drake, SAE, third; Harlow, Delta Chi, fourth. Distance: 41 feet,
1 1-2 inches.
Mile run—^Long, SAE, first; Marozick. Beta Sigma Psi, second; Hutt, Phi Tau, third; Smith, Sigma Nu, fourth. Time: 4:45.6. : 100-yard dash—-DeLong, Kappa Si^fifstlldille]^ Delta UipsUoni^*^ dndx'^'^irhite, PWKai^ kanson. Sigma Nu, tied for third and fourffi. ’Tiine: 10.3;
To Moot Notre
Dame Here Today Purdue’s tennis squad will tackle a' tartar here this afternoon at 4 o’clock on the varsity courts when it attempts to subdue the strong Notre Dame team in a,dual meet. The Irish will present a well-balanced aggregaMon that is expected to push the Boilermakers to the limit. For this afternoon’s meet. Coach Larry LaBree announced that the following four men would represent Purdue in the singles: Capt. Bob Nikolichi Ray Ulreyi Bob Tzucker, and Maury Wakefield. In the doubles matches, Nikolich will pair with Ulrey - for one combination, while Don Edmonds wiU join with
Wakefield for the other.
Following this afternoon's tilt, the Boilermakers will prepare for a strenuous road jaunt that calls for matches against Michigan, at Ann Arbor on Friday; Western State, at Kalamazoo on Saturday, and Iowa,
at Iowa City on Monday.
^ ♦ t FftATERNrrt TENNIS SINGLES Today, 4:15 o’clock Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Alpha Tau , Omega. Delta Upsilon vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Chi. Phi Delta Theta vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 5 o^clock Pi Kappa Phi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Kappa Sigma vs. Triangle.
1—Sigma Alpha EpsBoh vs, Pira3~Sigma Phi Epsilon vs, Tau Epsilon Phi.
4—^Pi Kappa PM vs.
Epsilon.
^Delta Tan Delta vs. Triangle. 6—^Lambda CM Alpha vs. Sigma
Alpha Mo.
10—^PM Gamma Delta vs. Sigma Nu
will have the most votes wheii the ballots are counted next November, is a mooted question which you will hear much of during the next few nionths....but all are agre^ that the best way to reach the student body and faculty at Purdue is through the columns of The Exponent.
Cancel Today’s Tilt With Little Giants Because of a rain soaked fieldj, the Purdue-Wabashhaseball game, that tms scireduled^fbr thii afternoon, has been called off .This results in a clean sweep of the year for Ptirdue in their Wabasb games; 'They won two and one Vras called at the end of the teilth,:a ^ ^ The hext ball game will be plaped Ih'iday afternoon when the Boiler makers open a two-game series with Indiana here. V
Alpha Kappa L^Dibda Alpha Kappa Lambda fraternity announces the election of the following officers : L. L. Glendenning, president; C. A. Holloway, vice pfes: ideht; F. W. Robinson, treasurer; F. G; Scburman, recordihg secretary; C, S. Meier, corresponding secretary;' ■'
WARD HORSESHOES
The ward horseshoes Contest will be continued tonight at 4 o’clock ph the courts located just east of the" Armory. Check out your shoes from the basement of the gym.
Sati^ hoUi 3^r appetite and pOicketbOot a^ JP^I S^DWIGH SHOE 2i3 Vhie St. Wi Lafayette
Enkirgenients
The newe^ SHmTS The late^ T I E S ■„'and ■ '
That - are - correctly cut - for - College Men. You’re - always - wdcomO to^ see - the - new - styles —-Drop in—
822 Main St. Dafayetto
Hrink Milk for More Ener^
CaO JOHNSON UHhdiiiD'-
Milk is your best food— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-buildhisr and energy building.
First Impressioris^^ CduM ^ Whether it is a date, a business contact, or ^ merely going to classes, it is that welD^^^ > groomed appearatice that gets across. = Sloppy clothes are not a selling point, s Why not give a good impression with that ^
Gleahers always gives.
222 North St.
Phone 4781 s
Thessuit smisation of the season. Absolutely tlm blg^ gest bwgaih that we’ve offered in dux maiq?’ cff service to you men. buy these ^uta Dorn a large xuanufadtinrm at a vmy now we are passing the saving on to you. The fahrim and the tailpring we of the same quality that you ordinarily pay a much higher price for. All the latent Colors and models are included now, but they won’t last. Gome early or you’ll be disappointed.NEW palm BEAdH ‘ That this famous patented cloth tailors well is granted ... but the way these 1936 models of ours set you off is a revelation. Goodall . ."'. makers of the fabric . . . have tailored them for us into suits for business ... for sport . . . for vacation wear. ,
SEE THE NEW PALM BpACH WHITE
CLOTHES
Lafayette, Indiana
500 Main Street
MAY BRINGS STUDE^^T^- , (Oontinndd from page 1) tary-treasnrer for the Comittg year. All junior members of the organization are eligible for these offices and the entire organization votes.
Reamer Club
May 18 is the date set for thej eldctibn of a president, vice-presi-j dent, and secretary-treasurer of the Reamers Club. The election will be held in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Buildingi All active fnembers hre eligible; to vote.
Student Union
Although no definite date has been set for Student Union elections, Bob Puller, president, announced last night that the selection of junior and senior offices will take place aimind the midddle ■ df May. A president and ah executive will be chosen from the ten junior vice-presidents while the co-ed ek^
three co-ed, vioe-presidents. The sophohiores 'will be elected by schools in a popular election to positions as vice-presidents. luter-Pratemity Council Members of the Inter-Praternity Council will hold their elections On May 21. Members will elect a president, vice-president, secretary, and a treasurer. The elections will be held in the Union Building.
Student Senate
The date of the Student Senate election was not definitely learned last night since Prank Stone, president, would give no statement regarding them. >
On Wednesday, . . _ ,, . has arranged a special sale of ice cream in Smith Hall “Dairy
Building.” ' ' Half Pints Ifte
ilOc;?
Pints : :.r ;..20c , — 5c
ue Dairy
Classified Ads.
Typewriters, Adding Machines— Por sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Paper Towels—For the bathroom, phone 7828, Lafayette Printing Co Lost — Tan Gabardine Trench coat, last Wednesday or Thursday. Marshall 2942.
NOTICES N* SBoUec* ae^lwi aftw 8 :
Engineering: Students—The school of civil: engineering will appreciate the return of the missing parts of the aluminum model of the Boulder Dam now on exhibit in the lobby of the Civil Engineering Building. This is a valuable and useful model which was presented to the school of civil engineering by the late Dr. Mead, of the reclamation service. —HATT.
Fraternity Treasurers—Send checks for fire assessments to me at Lambda Chi house immediately. —TRUC.
Sophomore Union Workers—All sophomore Union workers report to the Student Union office for application blanks for noniination to junior office. —FULLER.
Dolphin Club—Important meeting tomorrow night at 7:30 at the Phi . Delt .house. All members please be
Music Study Group—Meeting tomorrow at 7 ;30 in Home Economics Auditoriuna. Dr. Lark-Horowitz and string quartet will give program. —GOLD.
Alpha Phi Omega—Important meeting at ,7:30 tonight in room 1, Union. — —^ACHo.
Hort Club—No meeting tonight because of open house. _shELBURNE.
W. S. G. A. office at 7:16.
-Executive board meet in —COPELAND.
Discussion Group—No meeting this week because of open house. ox n —KUEHN.
University Sing—All organizations not yet entered in the University Sing please notify Jim Shoemaker at Sigma Chi house by 6 today. —SHOEMAKER.
Union—All members of my committee will meet in sub-basement of Union: at 4 today. —SCHOLER.
Union—^All members of nay committee will meet in sub-basement of Union at 4 today. —OHAVER.
Union—^All members of my committee will in sub-basement of Union at 4 today. —KUEHN.
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges—All pledges report to mechanical lab at 7 tonight to assist with ppen^house activities. Prof. L. V. Ludy will assign duties and P. H. Vernor will be group leader. —LYNCH.
May Day—Group 1 and Indians meet in gym at 4 today. Roses at 7. —HOLLER. Girls’ Glee Club—Compulsory rehearsal tomorrow at 4:80 in University Hall. —FOORMAN.
Junior Military—See bulletin board for: information relative to pistol instruction. Classes will start tomorrow. Sign up for the periods most convenient. —KAY.
Industrial Education Students—^Call at my office and arrange schedules for next semester. —HOFFMAN. Architectural Students—Call for your old drawings in Michael Golden Shops immediately. —MOSER.
E. E. Seniors-^Anyone Who has not paid for his class picture to be hung in the E. E. Building arrange to do so immediately. Deadline Friday. Class picture includes graduates of Feb., June and August, 1936. —HAMMANN.
Forestry Planting Crew—^Money is avail--CRAIG.
Wesley Foundation—Breakfast will be served free to students and visiting mothers Sunday morning at 8:30. Please make reservations at the Foundation House. —McFADDEN.
Sigma Delta Chi—Meeting scheduled for tonight has been postponed until tomorrow night at 7:30 in the Debris office. _ —BUT4»«
W. A. A- Baseball—Today at 4: Kappa Kappa Gamma vs. Pi Beta Phi-Alpha Xi Delta and at 4:36, Ward 1 vs. Pi Beta PhixAlpha ____ -KELLY. W. A. A. Archery—Following games must be played today at 4; Kwpa’s vs. Thete;B: Alpha Chi’s vs. Ward 1; Ward 4 vs. Chi O s: W. R.H. vs. Alpha Xi’s.
Orehesis—Final Orchesis tryouts will be held tonight promptly at 7. All.acttve members be present to vote in hew members and to have dance pictures taken. —ELLIS.
wm
Archeoy Onb—No meeting this
Mother’s Day There is no better way to ■ show your appreciation than to dine:with -her at a. , restaurant of distinction.
A11entio'ii SeniorsI
ORDER^APS AND GOWNS Make Your Reservations NOW No Deposit Required Leave Your Order With
GEO. BELL
JANE LOMMEL
or at
TONY WRIGHT
SOUTHWORTH'S
Hand Embroidered Italian Lmen Bridge Sets.. Hemstitched All Linen Damask Table Sets Lovely Rayon Bed Spreads at..... Munsing Rayon Undies, Panties, Vests, etc... Kickernick Rayon Bloomers............ 35 piece Colored Glass Luncheon Sets 17 piece Imported Pottery Kitchen Sets Orange and Tomato Juice Sets, special.... Frosted Glass Ice Tea and Beverage Sets..^ 32 piece Attractively Decorated Breakfast Sets.......... Imported French Perfumes by Dram or Gift Bottles. Fancy Packed Boxes of Dusting Powders... Lovely New Summer Gloves from...................... Quaker Craft Lace Table Cloths from.. Novel Linen Breakfast Sets with Napkins. Embroidered Madeira Pillow Cases, pair Splendid Selection of Lace and Linen Scarfs. Beautiful Designed Boudoir Lamps from,. French Crepe and Lustrous Satin Gowns from Bryn Mawr French Crepe Princess Slips from.. Lovely Rayon Gowns and Pajamas.L.. Purses in silks, leathers and novelties from.. Umbrellas in Oilskins, Silk and Gloria from..
-.$1.98 ....$2.98 ..$2,98, $3.98 and $4.98 ............;.59c to $1.00 k.....„....$1.00 .....$2.29 .$2.50 „.........,...........:...$1.00 .....$3.38 ....„....$3.38 50c and $1.00 ..59c up to pair $1.50 ..$4.98 to $12.00 ..$1.00 ..$1.98 ....$1.00 $1.00 to $5.00 -..........-..,.....$2.98 ..........$2.50 ...$1.00 and $1.98 ..........:.........$1X)0 $1.98
Jor Over 6^ Years on the Square
■m