m J
\ f
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Fair and wanner in the south portion today. Cooler tomorrow.
Purdue Exponent
Playshop Raises Curtain On Room Service'Tonight
Hm Jepson Appreciates Student's Enthusiasm
Beginning its 11th season on the campus, Playshop will present tonight on the Fowler Hall stage the season’s premiere < show, “Room Service,” a farce comedy which was recently filmed with the Marx Brothers in the leading roles. Curtain time will be at 7:30 o’clock. '
^ After Playshop’s most extensive pre-season ticket campaign, a record audience will see the first play of the season. During the four- . night run of “Room Service,” a to- ^ tal of 2,500 spectators will stream into Fowler Hall. This figure exceeds any audience in PlaySho’s
history by over 1,000.
^ Polished Performance H. Kenn Carmichael, of the University speech department and director of “Room Service,” promises ^ the audience a polished performance by his cast and further assures the public that opening night cur- ^ tain will rise promptly at 7:30. ' In the cast for this production are included: Adele Bardach, Ann Sickman, Haskell Metz, Maurice ’ Bernhard, R. A. Fink, Charles Hart, Robert Peterson, Hugh Gommel, L. E. Morrison, Walker Curry, Wilfred Carr, Richard Coleman, Willis Coleman, Willis Wells, and Alex Nut-
kowitz.
Scabbard And Blade To Observe National Ceremony Tomorrow Seventy-seven collegiate Companies of Scabbard and Blade will join in the observance of Scabbard and Blade Day tomorrow. The day selected by the national military fraternity is the anniversary of the former President Theodore Roosevelt. Purdue’s Company of Scabbard and Blade are celebrating by holding a meeting in the Faculty Lounge of the Union at 7:30 p. m. tomorrow, Acting speakers for the evening are Col. George Byers and Prof. L. M. Sears. Ruth Swift and Russ Mock will add musical entertainment to the meeting which is to be open to members of Scabbard and Blade and their friends. In recognition of the 3,000 members of Scabbard and Blade who saw service in the World War, Arlington Cemetery, Washington, D. C., will be the scene of the very impressive annual ceremonial decoration of the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. Winfer Issues Final Call For Debris Sophs Issuing a final call to all sophomores that are interested in Debris editorial work, Fred Winter, Debris editor, stated that today will absolutely be the last chance to come out. According to Winter, all those coming out will start on an equal basis with the present sophomores. Sophomores desiring positions must report to Winter in the Debris office in the Union at 4 p. m. today.
Wesley Foundation To Celebrate 25th Anniversary Today Wesley Foundation will celebrate its 25th anniversary today with a special broadcast over WBAA and a birthday party. President Willard of the University of Illinois, and Dr. Hiel Bpllinger, former student pastor at the University and at present national director of the Foundation, will speak on the radio program, which begins at 2 p. m. At the birthday party, to be given from 7 to 8 p. m. at the Foundation house. Dean of Men, M. L, Fisher and Dr. H. L. Creek, head of the English department, will talk on the beginnings of the Foundation. Student speakers will discuss present and future plans for the organization. Twenty-five years ago, the first Wesley Foundation was formed on the University of Illinois campus, and the organization has grown until today there are 75 units at state universities and one in Japan. The University Foundation unit was begun eight years ago. Paul Barker, Irvan Maury Play For Cary Club Dance Saturday Maestros Paul Barker and Irvan Maury will share the spotlight at the annual informal fall dance of Cary Club Saturday night. Barker and his orchestra in the Northwest Hall, with Irvan Maury holding sway in the North Hall. With dancing from nine until midnight against a Hallowe’en background, the affair is open to all University students and faculty members. Music will also be broadcast in the West Hall lounges. Barker played for the PIA fall dance on October 7, while Irvan Maury has played for several mixers, and will play for the Barnyard Frolic in the Union ballroom Friday evening 5. G. Cohen,.. . . . CE ’18, was elected vice-presi-dent of the National Society of Professional Engineers at their annual meeting in Pittsburgh last week. He has served as president of the Indiana Society of Enginers since its organization two years ago. For a number of years he was Engineer of Construction with the Indiana State Highway Commission, resigning recently to accept a position with the MacMahon Construction Company of Rochester
Reverend Sheen To Address First Religious Convo On 'Democracy And Reiigion' Sunday
Speaking on “Democracy and Religion,” Reverend F. J. Sheen, lecturer, and author will deliver the sermon for the first religious convocation at the University, Sunday morning, October 30. Reverend Sheen has been a member of the department of philosophy at the Catholic University of America in Washington for 12 years. He was ordained in Peoria, 111., in 1919 and in 1934 was named a Papal Chamberlain of Pope Pius XI, with the title of Right Reverend Monsigner. As an author. Sheen has written “Communion and Religion,” “Calvary and the Mass,” “The Mofal Universe,” and many other books.
By Georgia Carroll Backstage with Helen Jepson, exquisite operatic star! Not at all dramatic except in appearance. Miss Jepson proved to be sincere and generous with her comments on Purdue’s response to her spactular performance. “I enjoy singing to a student body. They have so much enthusiasm,” explained the blond singer. Still fresh and vivacious, although she arrived from Atlanta Monday morning. Miss Jepson tied a magenta chiffon scarf on her head, pinned up her trailing turquoise gown and made her way good naturedly through the crowd to the Union reception. Plans Own Wardrobe It is hard to believe that Miss Jepson, who in private life is Mrs. Possell, and mother of a 6 year old daughter, plans her concert ward-
robe and managers her own pedsonal grooming. Her choice of costume is a strikingly simple gown, accented by well chosen jewelry. “Miss Schenk, who is a librarian here, has been a dear friend of mine since we met at Chautauqua Lake, N. Y., where I studied some years ago. She has one of the heartiest laughs I have ever heard,” remarked Miss Jepson. Leaves For Chicago “I am leaving for Chicago today where I will open the Civic Opera season with “Othello.” Then, before beginning the Metropolitan season in New York, I will make another concert tour.” Miss Jepson has not visited the Purdue campus yet; however, she was impressed with her reception by the student body and chose encores which appealed to the group as a whole. ^ \
Helen Jepson Guest Three Major Parly At Formal Banquet Representatives Will After Convocation Discuss Fall Politics
Two choirs, one of 150 voices and an echo choir of 30 voices will sing “Pi’aise be to Thee,” and “Give Ear Unto My Prayer” during the services. T. E. Shaw... . . . University Extension Forester, was elected chairman of the Central States section of the Society of American Foresters at the annual meeting held last week at the University of Michigan. The central states section includes Indiana, Ohio, Illinois, Michigan, and Kentucky.
Singing before another capacity crowd of students and townspeople last night in Memorial Gym, Helen Jepson, metropolitan opera star, again charmed her audience, with her beautiful singing and pleasing personality. Sophomores and juniors attended the second night’s run of the convocation program, as well as a large representation of townspeople. The plan of giving the programs on two consecutive nights promises to serve as a very satisfactory means of accommodating the large number of students, said Convocations Committee Chairman J. T. Gunn, last
night.
Following the closing performance, Miss Jepson was guest of honor at a formal dinner party in the Union. Those attending included members of the Convocations Committee, the Union Board, and members of local musical organizations. Faculty Members Design One Piece Voice Laboratory Among other apparatus recently acquired by the Speech Clinic is a one-piece Voice Science Laboratory, the Vibrograph. Including almost all features of the entire speech laboratory, the machine was designed by two members of the Purdue faculty. Dr. Joseph Tiffin, department of education and applied psychology and Dr. M. D. Steer, director of the Speech Clinic and the Voice Science Laboratory. Special processes possible with this one-piece Voice Lab are; phonograph recording, phonograph playing, public address system, sound wave projection for visual demonstration, and photographing sound waves for scientific analysis. Most recent project of the Clinic Lab is the scientific analysis of Hitler’s’ September 26 speech. Phonograph records were made of the speech, the sound waves were photographed, then pictures were taken of the sound waves for analysis. The result showed that Hitler speaks at a frequency of more than 20 cycles per second, a very high pitch for a public speaker. The Voice Science Lab is located in the basement of University Hall with the speech
clinic.
Trio Attends Conference Misses Starley Hunter and Elsie Glasgow of the University home economics extension department, and T. G. Hornung'of the farm management department are attending a conference of state representatives in Washington, D. C. The main theme of the conference is the discussion of the material outlook for agriculture in 1939. They are expected to return Sunday or Monday.
Seven Co-eds Enter Lodde Speech Final Eliminating 97 competitors in a single afternoon and evening the Lodde co-ed speech contest will continue tonight in the Home Economics hall with the seven finalists competing for the first place plaque. Seven girls speaking on five widely varied subjects were selected by the judges, four members of the speech department, to enter the finals.
Twenty-five co-eds were chosen Military Ball Ticket Sale Continues, 635 Ducats Will Be Sold
Fall political campaigns will be discussed by representatives of the Democratic, Republican, and Socialist parties at the student forum tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in the east reading room of the Library. Subject for the discussion will be “Are the Democratic and Republican Parties Doomed?” Harry P. Schultz and Charles H. Robertson, Lafayette attorneys, will uphold the Democratic and Republican parties respectively; and Roy E. Burt, of Chicago, executive secretary of the Socialist Party, will develop his contention that the major political parties are declining. Each speaker will talk briefly, and questions and comments from the floor will be in order afterward. The meeting will be closed at 9 p. m. Irvan Maury To Play At Barnyard Frolic In Ballroom Friday Costumed as farmers and farmerettes, dancers will swing out to the music of Irvan Maury and his band at the annual Barnyard Frolic in the Union ballroo^ Friday night, from nine until midnight. In keeping with the barnyard atmosphere, a 40-foot hay-shute slide will be constructed from the second floor balcony to the ballroom floor to provide an entrance to the ballroom. Couples may enter via the slide or by the doors on the main floor, but the use of the slide will be unlimited during the evening. The Frolic is sponsored annually by the Newman Club. Tickets are now on sale at Deac’s, Southworth’s, and the Union at the usual dollar mixer price. Women's Honorary Pledges 11, Selects Convention Delegate Charlotte Finney will be the delegate from the University chapter of Alpha Lambda Delta at the National Convention to be held October 28 and 29 at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. Alpha Lambda Delta is a freshman women’s hon-
orary.
Pledging took place yesterday afternoon in the Union. A five point rating for either semester of the freshman year is the requirement for membership. The new pledges are: Ellen Bassett, Bernice Beisel, Ruth Bennett, Martha Brown, Georgia Carroll, Mary Lou Goff, Merle Hagemeyer, Doretta Heilman, Dorothy Holden, Elise Jacobson, and Dorothy Miller. Miss Clare Coolidge is advisor of this chapter.
Ticket sale for the Military Ball, featuring Bob Crosby, his orchestra, and vocalist, Marion Mann, opened yesterday afternoon in room 104 of the Armory. The Ball will be held on Armistice Day, November 11, in the Memorial Union ballroom with tickets priced at $2.75 each. Yesterday the sales opened to cadet officers and reserve officers, and will continue that way today. The ticket office will be open from 12:30 until 5:30 p. m. today and continuing that way until Friday night. Basic students may purchase tickets tomorrow, with the sale being opened to the general student body Friday afternoon. Bob Heine, ticket sales chairman, stated that only 635 ducats will be sold, with no tickets reserved in advance. Also the tickets are not transferable, as passports must be punched when the tickets are signed for at the time of purchase. Co-eds Turn Out For Post As Cheerleader “Turnouts have been good so far, but there is still room for interested co-eds,” stated head cheerleader, Stubby Meier, last night as he was queried as to the response to his call for would be co-ed cheer-
leaders.
Meier urged all prospective cheerleaders to call Frances Eastburn at the Alpha Chi Omega sorority 5091, during the noon hour or after 4 p. m., as soon as possible, so that the co-ed staff can be selected and practice started. Remmers To Attend Gotham Conference Dr. H. H. Remmers, director of division of educational reference, will leave for New York today to attend the third annual conference of state testing teachers which started there today. Dr. Remmers will act as chairman of the program committee and Saturday, will I’ead a paper on “Future Plans of the Conference.”
from 102 entrants yesterday afternoon from 4 to 6:30 p. m. These 25 semi-finalists were narrowed down to seven , on repeating their speeches last evening. Judging the contest were P. E. Lull, L. S. Winch, R. M. Horn, and Mr. King, all members of the speech department.
Seven Finalists
Reaching the finals are the following girls with the subjects that they will speak on this evening in the Home Economics Auditorium at 7:30: Ruth Bennett, “Is Purdue a Man’s Campus;” Molly Harding, “What a Co-ed Thinks of War;” Mildred Harper, “Importance of Activities;” Helen Lang, “Fashion Trends;” Victoria Milea, “What A Co-ed Thinks of War;” Patricia Potter, “Jitterbugs;” and Louise Schickler “Student Activities.” “Outstanding work has been done on this intramural speech contest. One hundi^ed and two entrants is the most entries for any intramural speech contest ever held at Purdue” stated P. E. Lull, head of the speech department. Much of this result must be attributed to the co-ed forensic managers, headed by Betty Hiener, Lucy Demdret, and Nancy
Phillips.
Finals Tonight Finals, which will be held tonight, will be judged by an entirely different group of judges. Six men and women representing six vocations will be the judges. The finals are open to the public and the meeting will start promptly at 7:30. Judging the contest will be the following persons: C. E. Dammon, assistant director of personnel; Miss R. K .Schenk, librarian; Roy Street, lawyer; Dean Matthews, head of the home economics department; and E. K. Jerome, speech clinic. Leading the speech topics for the total 102 speakers was the subject “Fashion Trends.” Second and following closely was the subject, “What A Co-ed Thinks of War.” Third was the very disputable and disputed question, “Is Purdue a Man’s Campus?” One answer to the latter question stated that the men were mainly in control and should take over complete control —the more the better. Desk Plaque Prize First prize for tonight’s finals is a gold desk plaque with a white base and gold figure. Winner of the group cup will be determined by a scoring system giving the winner 15 points, second 13 points, and so on down to the seventh member. All of the finalists will win a place.
Freshman Co-eds Satisfied With 8:30 Week Night Hours; Few Library Dates
By Marie Butz
What do freshmen co-eds think of their hours ? Do they consider them lenient or do they think they should be able to use their own judgment in the matter of what nights they can go out and how much they have
to study?
An outsider or upperclass woman might think that the 8:30 hours on week nights would be sufficient cause for complaint, but an actual survey of 20 typical freshman coeds shows that they are very well satisfied with the present airange-
ment.
Interview Twenty Of the 20 freshmen who were interviewed, 19 thought that the restrictions were a good idea; one expressed the opinion that there mu^t be some kind of hours, but that they should be more lenient. Five of the 20 gads stated that it would be wise to keep the fresh-
men on this schedule all year, while the others thought it should last until spring vacation, Christmas vacation, or should depend on scholastic averages of the girls at the end of a given period of time. Six even went so far as to say that upperclass women should be subject to the same rules as freshmen wom-
en.
Library Dates?
Mention of library dates brought forth raised eyebrows, and skeptical smiles, but, with the assurance that no names would be exposed, they expressed themselves freely. Every one of the 20 girls thought that they were all right “if they really study after they get to the library.” Only two admitted, with sheepish grins, that they had had one or more library dates, and one replied with “I haven’t had any yet, but I intend to if I get the chance.”£dHoAud
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J^uduAM
Wednesday, October 26,1938
Keep Up The Good Work... (From the Daily Texan) Pessimists who have doubted that the automobile accident rate can be reduced have been happily proved wrong this year, for the rate has gone down sharply since 1937. Apparently the public ear has finally been opened to the teachings of the safety experts. States and communities have carried on more and better prevention campaigns than in the past. In some areas there has been noticeable improvement in traffic law enforcement, and the arrest and punishment of offenders. Lastly, a start has been made in various states to make abcidents impossible by constructing modern highways, without intersections, and with separate lanes that prevent head-on collisions. We have learned that safe driving is the product of safe thinking. Relatively few drivers are congenitally reckless—and the only cure for this minority is recovation of licenses. Most drivers who cause accidents are simply thoughtless and ignorant. They do not realize the chances they take until a calamity occurs, or the messages of the workers in the accident prevention field teach them and awaken them to their errors. Now the country must fight all the harder to keep the accident rate down—and to reduce it further. A good start has been made. And the interest and co-operation of everyone is needed if this good record is to be continued.
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class aiatter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Editor-In-Chief ......H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor. D. A. Bailey Associate Editors G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Hennlnger REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BV National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison AVE. New York, N.Y. CHICASO ' BOSTOR ■ LOS AHSELES - SAN FRANCISCO CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor. R. L. McDonald Associate Editors... J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief. EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Night Editor—Kroeplin Issue Editor—Heiple Wednesday, October 26, 1938
collegiate
By Joy Johnson All over the country, poor college freshmen are taking beatings. At Connecticut College, freshmen must bend their knees and wave an artificial flower at every sophomore. Carrying their books in buckets is the lot of Louisiana State freshmen. Freshwomen caught smoking have to purchase a five cent cigar from a sophomore and smoke it. But that is not all. All freshmen must carry alarm clocks which are set to go off every hour. Then the freshmen have to cuckoo the hour. And as a final touch, the student court at Midland College has ruled that on days before football games freshmen must say “Foo to the goo that plays Midland,” whenever they are pointed at by an upperclassman. What’s foo for the upperclassmen must be foo for the freshmen. —C— And all youi freshmen who think you’ve been having a hard time recently (haze is supposed to be in the air in the fall, you know) just listen to this rule from the “Ten Commandments for Freshmen” that was published at West Virginia University just after the turn of the century: “Freshmen must remember that no self-respecting girl wishes to be seen in their company—therefore freshmen must not talk to girls on the campus.” And nowadays many self respecting girls turn to freshman date bureaus in order to offset the upperclasswoman slump. . —C— Take it from Marjorie Lou Siebs, being a human tuning fork is no fun. This University of Oklahoma co-ed, one of the few persons in the world who has the rare gift of absolute pitch, can identify vibratory tones and translate them into correct musical notes—^but her ability often causes her to groan at concerts, for she can detect the slightest off-key notes. Few of the singing ‘greats” satisfy Miss Sieb’s ear. “Lily Pons sharps quite often,” but Grace Moore “doesn’t have much trouble with her tone quality.” Miss Sieb’s perfect ears for music like Lawrence Tibbet best, but don’t think Bing Crosby is any “panic.”
We can’t tell you just who started this business of naming colleges after animals, but whoever and wherever it was he should have set up some rules for the new pastime. He had little consideration for the sports page readers, for 22 teams have the title of “Tigers.” That’s the most for any one animal, but a close second is “Bull-
Browsing Room
By Roma Heidkamp In the brief but enlightening foreword to his brilliant autobiography, “Green Worlds,” Maurice Hindus confesses that for 20 years, on and off, in actual writing and in memory, he has been collecting material for this book. He also freely admits that had he spent his life in any other place than Mount Brookville, his American experience would have been decidedly different from what it was, but he insists, the very motive prompting his escape from Russia and his desertion of New York City, would have forbade his enduring anything other than what he came to seek. Leaving his primitive Russian village at the impressionable age of 13, he came in search of a country where anybody could buy fat meat, white bread, sugar and tea, and even the poorest man could afford real-cigarette papers so highly prized as a wrapping for coarse tobacco. He chose to leave a country so poverty stricken that peasant boys presented their favorite girls with a green cucumber, a very much prized delicacy, instead of a bouquet of flowers or a box of sweets, as a token of his esteem. So This Is America After two rather disillusioning years in New York City, where garbage was piled high in the streets and men in uniform patrolled the parks to see that no one so much as stepped on a blade of green grass in a public park, he decided he was missing the free America he had come to seek. Determined to find the America he had set forth to find, one that promised fulfillment of his dreams and not denial, he hired out as a farm laborer and fled to a small farm in Mount Brookville, N. Y. Here, in his sought for heaven, Mr. Hindus' writes warmly and vividly of American people and American country. He is much more interested in the country, its people and their lives, than in himself, and here, in beautifully formulated passages, we have the opportunity of discovering our own country by the means of the sympathetic, yet alert eyes of an outsider. Often Returns to Russia Since his graduation Horn college, Maurice Hindus has returned many times to his native village in Russia, and also to his adopted American village.
dogs,” which has been adopted by 21 institutions. And right on the line are If wildcats, nine panthers, eight eagles, seven bears, six cardinals, two blue jays, and one duck. Some even go down to the insect family, for there are nine yellowjacket teams and one wasp.
FRID41K
the
Bennett Sisters
and*' uis Pins
rricUetB„
Alter Tha^
75
I»cl.
6x»*
Dusty
fload®*
INDIANAPOLIS'
GRIN AND BEAR IT
In his own words he says, “Whenever I journeyed to the old village, I anticipated a stormy experience. Whenever I journeyed to Mount Brookville, I anticipated forgetfulness of all stormy experiences. Having grown instead of raced into the machine age. Mount Brookville has never been overwhelmed by its wonders or harassed by its perplexities.” This, better than anything, summarized his many candid contrasts of his two rural worlds, not only when he was a part of them, but as they have changed to date. If you would know America, and at the same time make the acquaintance of a brilliant young Russian American writer, read “Green Worlds.” Scrivener Club Calls For Stories, Essays In an effort to discover freshman talent. Scrivener Club officers have requested students of English 32 to enter their best short stories or essays in the annual Scrivener contest Instructors in the course announced the contest to their classes Monday and Tuesday. Manuscripts may be entered until tomorrow, at which time they will be tuimed in to Jary Cleveland, editor of Scrivener magazine. First prize of five dollars, second prize of three dollars, and third prize of one dollar will be given winners of the contest, besides honorable mention awards. PIA House Presidents Discuss Organization Bob Shellhammer discussed FIA independent house organization last night at the weekly meeting of the WSGA house president’s council. The main purpose of the organization is to bring the houses closer together socially and to get a larger per cent of independent students in activities.
University Hall is a popular spot these last few days what with all the little sorority pledges signing up, and saying their little bits in the speech contest—while the actives stand around checking up. Great Sport! Well, the week-end’s celebrations and their consequences must be over by now! The whole affair, including all the drunken alumni, certainly made us very happy. We especially enjoyed the “dramer” put on by the Zouave squad. That tall lad in the center really deserves a larger uniform though. Think how silly he feels with his black bloomers too short—and right in front of all those people, too! There was a co-ed quite shy. Who said to a student named Cy, “If you kiss me of course You will have to use force. But, thank Heaven you’re stronger than I.”
Perhaps we have a potential genius in our midst! Anyhow BOB PETERSON seems to really be ripping off inventions of some kind or ’tuther! Latest creations are dice without any corners for people who want to play marbles, and step ladders with no steps for pledges to use in cleaning cellar windows. And he’s still running around loose!
Copr. 1938 by United Rmtora 8yndleale, Ine.
‘You should have explained everything to me before we got married, Ma—then I wouldn’t have been such a fool about the alimony!”
f
iclder't.... ....choie*
By Bruce Witwer
Boy: “Hello.” Girl: Boy: “Oh, well.”
A little town babe named MARGE MURDOCK is certainly earning a title for herself this fall. She is playing Super Pish to football man, JIM NESBITT. Margie rolls about to the Kappa Sig house, honks the horn of her limousine, and waits for JIMMY to honor her with his presence. The brothers say Playboy JIM is not very worked up over
his seducer.
HAY: (slightly drunk at Saturday’s game) “Women are all alike from the waist down.” SHAY: (the would-be-wit) “Yes, but in us humans it happens to be the part from the ears up that makes all the difference in the
world.”
And so we turn our attention to the coming fracas with Iowa this week-end at Iowa City . . . once again Coach Tubbs started shifting his lineup at the beginning of the /-^^week to try to find a combination which will click in better style against the opposition . . . nearly all of the news stories of the Hawkeye eleven have told of some new shakeup in the team since they were beaten in their inaugural game by
UCLA, 27 to 8.
—fc—
Then again after going down before Wisconsin 31 to 13 some changing around was done . . . when Chicago bowed to the Iowa attack 27 to 14 a week later, it looked as if they had really found something at last but that bright hope was dimmed by their going down to defeat before Colgate last week, 14-0.
—fc—
Coach Tubbs has a lot of material to work with and with all types of combinations being tried out, he
may hit upon one which will prove to be a big surprise to the Boilermakers this Saturday ... although low in final scores, Iowa points proudly to their game statistics which indicate a stronger team than those scores would make one believe. —fc— For five straight games now, each of Purdue’s’ competitors has managed to make a touchdown, and only one ... it looks like a habit . . If Iowa carries on the habit and staves off the Boilermaker attacks, they will be all set . . . and Iowa ranks as the second best offensive team in the conference . . . once again referring to statistics. —^fc— Another standout characteristic of this year’s Purdue squad is their second half sprint . . , they can look sick in the first half and then come back in the second with displays of power and brilliant running which ranks them with the best of teams . , . witness last week’s game as a vivid example .
Notice turned in the Exponent office by WAA committee chairman: “Dr. Rose will talk on ‘First Aid in the WOODS’ on Monday night. Everyone bring a knife.’” Imagine learning cut-throat competition on a wholesale plan. FAMOUS LAST LINE: Some Purdue co-eds pursue learning; others learn pursuing.
TODAY Double Feature JEAN PARKER in ROMANCE OF THE LIMBERLOST _ Plus — OVER THE WALL By Warden Lewis E. Lawes
LUHA — LAST DAY— WARNER BAXTER
KIDNAPPED — and — JANE WITHERS in RASCALS THURS.-FRi.-SAT. BUCK JONES ^ in LAW OF THE TEXANS — and — PETER LORRE in MYSTERIOUS MR. MOTO
MAIRS
LAST DAY-
TOMORROW-FRI. ANN SHERIDAN MARIE WILSON MARGARET LINDSAY in Broadway Musketeers
ARC
Starts Thursday Double Feature
LAST DAY — JACK HOLT
Your Favorite Family’s Biggest Budget of Fun! THE JONES FAMILY
LOVE ON A BUDGET with JED PROUTY SHIRLEY DEANE — Plus — STATE POLICE with JOHN KING CONSTANCE MOORE
and
BOB $T££i£
—ALSO— ‘Flash Gordon’s Trip to Mars,” Serial
MMVifiTU
LAST DAY-
TOMORROW-FRI.-SAT.
\ - ClsstL : McCREA^lEEDSTHE PURDUE,
EXPONENT
Wari 6 Blanks 7-X 441 To Win SoHball Title
Holderman Again Wins Ward Cross Country Race
Leads Field For Third Time in Two Years; White is Second, Aimost Haif Lap Behind; Smith Takes Third
“Ed” Holderman set a new intramural cross country record last night when he ran the two and one half mile intramural course in 12 minutes and 22.1 seconds to win the ward championship in a breeze. “Ed”, who won last year's race with a time of 12 minutes and 46.5 seconds, managed to cut 24.4 seconds oif this time.
Holderman was nearly half a lap ahead of J. W. White, Ward 1, who finished second with a time of 14 minutes and 7.5 seconds. He was closely followed by R. L. Smith, also from Ward 1, who had a time of 14 minutes and 9 seconds. J. F. Clark Ward 7, finished fourth.
GOLD and BLACK GROUND GAINERS
Fraternity Race Today At 4 o’clock this afternoon fraternity cross country men will compete in the annual inter-fraternity race at Intramural Field. The same general rules apply as in the ward meet, with four men eligible to enter for each fraternity, with the first three to finish counting in the score.
Player Hrown, hb Byelene, hb Brock, hb DeWitte, fb Tykocki, hb Ippolito, fb Juska, fb Winchell, fb Nesbitt, hb Vyverberg, hb Montague, qb 2 Petty, hb 1
T 51 30 38 15 9 21 5 4 10 3 1 2
207 183 92 70 68 16 9
Team Totals
A cup will be awarded the winning team, with each individual receiving a medal. Each team which finishes three will be given 25 participation points. Definitely out to set a new record Holderman’s race was entirely with the stop watch. He was paced during the last two laps by “Torchy” Knapp, varsity cross country man, who kept his eye op his watch as he pushed “Ed” along to the record under the watchful eyes of track coach, Phillips, who was also there to lend support.
G—games played; T—times carried the ball; NG—net gain; Ave.— average gain.
Art Exhibit Will Open In Music Room Today
An art exhibit, featuring the nationally known works of Louise Kelley, Chicago, opens in the Music Room this afternoon, and will continue for a week.
JhsL diifut.
CANNOT EQUAL US.
OUR WIDE SELECTION OF FOODS, PROMPT SERVICE, AND DIGNIFIED ATMOSPHERE ARE UNBEATABLE.
on the second floor
THE CHESTNUT ROOM
IN
JhsL PWvdjUJL TyimfuftmL lAniotL
The Corner of the Campus-— Yet the Center of Activities
Chunky Hawkeye /* 4
NG Ave 246 4.6
6.9 4.8 6.1 7.8 3.2 3.2 2.3 0.7 2.3 0.0 0.0
5 189 905 4.7
Henry Luebecke, Iowa tackle, who will try to stop the Boilermakers when they meet Saturday. He is the biggest man the school has ever had on an athletic team, tipping the scales at close to 300 pounds.
Intramural Notices
40 Co-eds Attend First WSGA School
TOUCHBALL
Today
Field 1— Ward 8 vs. Ward 2. 2— Ward 12 vs. Ward 6. 3— ^Ward 6 vs. Ward IB. 4— Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 5— Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 7—Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall
8— Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 9— Rochdale vs. Marstellar 10— ^Westminster vs. Luma 11— Salisbury vs. Chauncey
Official Boyer Troyer Smithson 9. Luce 3. Berry 10. Margolian 5. Evers Lamoureaux Weijola Chaffee
Forty sophomore girls attended the first meeting of the WSGA sophomore training school yesterday afternoon, in the reception room of the Union.
The discussion included the purpose of Purdue University and the
SOFTBALL Today
7—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Winner (S. A. E. vs. Phi Sigma Kappa) Umpire: Kurtz—FisheJ
GOLF Today Kappa Delta Rho vs. Phi Delta Theta.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT TODAY
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Florists
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
for distinctive ^ corsages ROTH FLORIST Phone 7955—8050 635 main street
•^Professional
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.DS. HAROLD J. RISK—DOS. ROBERT G. RISK—D.DS. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S Schultz Building 4th and Mam Phone 5701
• Tailor
• Jewelers
soarrendahl — tailor For Latest Student Styles 4th and Ferry Phone 6030
1 LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. ^ Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Beauty Stipdio
Merle Gregory Beauty Shop 10% Off on All Beauty Work With This Ad 116’/2 N. 3rd Street West Side of Square Good Until Novembor 1
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
Malysiak Pitches No Hitter As Teammates Bunch Runs In First And Fourth Innings
Chet Malysiak pitched his third straight shutout and his second no hit game in the ward softball finals as Ward 6 blanked Ward 7X by a score of 4-0. Malysiak struck out six men and walked three, these three along with a man safe on an error, being the only men from Ward 7X to reach first base. Sroka, Ward 7X’s pitcher, allowed only four hits, but these coupled with four errors, resulted in four runs for Ward 6. Malysiak had some trouble with —■■i—
wildness in the first inning as he walked two men. He settled down to strike out three men, however. In the last half of the first, Risberg walked for Ward 6. Jelnick hit a hard liner towards third. Straley caught it and threw to first, catching Risberg off first. Reznik was safe on a ground ball through the infield. Malysiak hit a hard double to light center, Reznik scoring. Lord hit a fly ball which dropped just inside the left field foul line to score Malysiak. Sloane hit a haid bounder through shoit and took second on the short fieldei’s error. Lord scoi mg. Kowalczyk then grounded out to end the inning. Malysiak only faced 14 men in
the next four innings. One man survived on an error in the third and he allowed his third walk in the fourth. After the first inning Sroka suppressed Ward 6 until the last of the •fourth. Lord died out, but Sloane hit a high fly to right field. The right fielder misjudged it and it fell safely, Sloane taking third. Kowalczyk struck out. Goodstein hit a shoit Texas leaguer to right which dropped untouched. Sloane scored. King filed out, and Mangas walked. Risberg grounded out to end the inning. Final scoie- Waid 6, 4; Ward 7-X, 0.
Boilermakers Show Pep In Scrimmage For Safurilay's Clash With Hawkeyes
Showing little ill effects from Saturday’s initial Big Ten win over the Badgers, Coach Mai Elward and his Battlin’ Boilermakers got back to work at last night’s practice in preparation for this Saturday’s tilt with Irl Tubbs’ Hawkeyes. The Purdue squad showed lots of pep in scrimmage and should be in peak form for the game. ■
Inter-Collegiate Association of University Women, of which WSGA is a member. Mary Alice Learning, president of the WSGA, explained the organization at Purdue.
“Mighty Mite” Mike Byelene is being held out of the actual scrimmaging while he nurses a pulled tendon in his leg. However, he should be in the thick of it within the next day or so. The injured shoulder which was bothering him previous to his brilliant showing in the Wisconsin game seems to be entirely well. Mihal Misses Practice
Georgianna Huber and Betty Jo Sexton will discuss freshman and transfer orientation at the Tuesday and Thursday meetings of the sophomore training school next week.
The sophomore girls of the training school meeting tomorrow afternoon, will discuss the same topics as the gioup which met yesterday.
Co-captain Joe Mihal presented himself on the practice field but was unable to work out with the squad. According to Lon Mann, varsity trainer, Joe didn’t break his nose as was previously reported. His lip was ripped open early in the game, but he continued to play his usual brilliant game at tackle. Then, just before he was helped off the field, he received an ugly kick in the face, which blackened his right eye and paralyzed that side of his face. This paralysis led to the mistaken analysis which reported him as having broken his nose. As result Joe is sporting a beautiful shiner and an ugly gash on his lip. As Trainer Mann said, “Now, Joe’s the most
handsome man on the squad.” Mihal is expected to start scrimmaging again by today or tomorrow. Early in the session Mai put in a good deal of time on the first, second, and third string lines, drilling them on their duties in a number of different plays. Backfield men were drilled on pass defense under the direction of Mel Taube. The Boilermakers pass defense was weak against the Badgers and Mai intends to have some improvement before the Hawkeye clash. In today’s drill the backs were unable to keep receivers from pulling down accurate passes tossed by McHwain, sophomore halfback. Elmer Burnham’s freshman squad again provided the opposition for the varsity in the final scrimmage of the practice session. The first string line opened big holes in the yearling defense to allow fast Ted Tykocki through for good sized gains. The frosh showed excellent ability in covering the varsity passleceivers on aerials and gave the regulars experience in completing passes against a good defense.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side of Square SHEAFFER, PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
A Pencil fou can iUoAften wiiU Utumt!
Just press the top of the new Eveisharp Repeating Pencil— emd, click! a new point appears. When one stick of lead is used, jnst press the top—and, chckl a new lead appears . . . feeds continuously. And you need
ANEWLEAD-ANEWPOINT reload it only once or twice a 3rear. It's the handiest and handsomest pmicil ever created. In pyralin and rhodiiim-platad or gdd-filled modMs, from *2
518 Main St.
DECKER’S
Phone 6477
i
"IvTt
3kmL (Ma.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^yioticSLA
Wednesday* October 26,1938
PE Classes Will See Movies On Venereai
Diseases This Week
Through the cooperation of the student health service, the division of physical education for men, and the department of physical education for women, men in PE in 9 classes and all co-eds are being shown films on tuberculosis and venereal disease every day this w'eek.
The films, which were obtained by Dr. F. R. Eastwood of the physical education staff through N. J. Smallw'ood of the visual education staff, Indiana State Board of Health, will be showm to the men in their regular PE classes and to the wmmen at 4 p. m. m the hygiene room of the Women's Gym. Persons who are interested in seeing these films may sit in on any of the peisonal living classes accord-' mg to Dr. Eastwood.
More than 20,000 ballons were ieleased'’at the opening kick-off of the Minnesota-Michigan football fracas.
Classiiied Mds
FOR SALE
TYPEWRITERS—^AU makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired New Portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Eberahoff, 605 Main street
TOPCOATS, Overcoats, Suits, and Tuxedos a specialty for the tailored man by Jordan and Brown and Sons of Chicago who will measuie and display woolen fabrics at 312 State Street October 26 and 27 ?22 50 Open evenings
PLAYSHOP tickets Two mam floor seats Saturday night Call 66752 after 6pm D Reid
ROOMS FOR RENT
MISCELLANEOUS
ATTENTION BANDSMEN: Let McLean’s factory trained repair man put your musical instrument in first class condition and save time and money. 514 Main St. Phone 7917.
WANTED—Your laundry. Phone 36614.
WATCH CLEANING $1.90: main springs $1.00: crystals 26c and 36c. All work guaranteed. Kellar’s Watch Shop. 223 Main.
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—^Theta Chi pin in Union Friday night. Call Theta Chi House. Reward.
LOST—^Blue zipper purse containing Kappa and Kappa Sigma pins. Return to Kappa house.
LOST—Eastern Star ring, Saturday on campus or in Union Building. Call 56113. Reward
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY
51 1 Ferry Street Phone 7828
All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
New VICTOR RECORDS Released This Week
26070 Emalioe—F.T. The Perfect Waltz W'ayne King
26072 Carolina Moon—F.T. Carolina Moon—F.T. Tommy Dorsey—Sammy Kaye
26071
I Have Eyes—F.T.
You’re
ache
a Sweet Little Head-
Benny Goodman
26073 Who Blew Out the Flame— F.T. It Took a Million Years—F.T. harry Clinton
26074 Night Must FallCui Cui—Conga Xavier Cugat
-Rhumba
THE FOSTER SHOP
East Side Sqttare
WBAA
Reamers Club: Actives and pledges meet at Hcavilon Hall at 7 p. m. Friday, October 28. Rough initiation. —JACKS.
pins and pots.
—GANO.
Kappa Sigma; Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Kappa. —WILLIAMSON.
-Today-
11 00—Prof. Robert Phillips—American Institutions. 11 60—Purdue News Flashes. 12 00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks. 12 .16—Sports Review—Dick Shively. 12 :30—Luncheon Dance Time 12:45—Wanita Wilson—soprano 1:00—Meditations—Rev. Homer Dale. 1 'IS—Monitor Views the News 1.30—Story Time. 1:46—-Market Reports. 2 :00—Afternoon Musicale. 2:46—Hymn Echoes—Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 3 00—Concert Review. 4 :00—Contract Bridge Chats—Julius L Born. 4 :16—Dick Curtner—pianist. 4 :80—Purdue Round Table. 4:46—Story Book Hour.
Union Sophomores: My committee will meet in the Student Union office at 4 p. m. today, October 26. —KANY.
Fraternity Presidents: Important call meeting in room F of the Union Building Thursday, October 27, at 7:16 p. m. Please be prompt. —DEAN.
Motorcycle Club: Meet in room A of the Union Thursday, Ootober'^27, at 7 p. m. —STRIEBY.
WAA Campcraft: Meeting postimned until Monday, October 31, at 7 p. m. Dr. Bose will talk on first aid in the woods. —FRASER,
Roger Williams Club: There will be a Halloween party Friday evening, October 28, at 8 p. m. at the Baptis Church. All students are invited. —WRIGHT.
WAA Hockey: This is the last week to make up hockey practices. Games begin next week. -FRASER.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting in the WSGA office today at 7:46 p. m. —LEAMING.
Alpha Lambda Delta: All members must be present at pledging Wednesday, October 26, at 4 p. m. in room B of the tJnion. Junior and senior members are vrelcome. —BURNHAM.
Roger Williams Club: Meeting Thursday, October 27, at 8:46 p m. at 140 S. Grant. —GLEASON.
Freshman SpeedbaU Classes: Special film on speedball will be shown at 3 p. m. and again at 4 p. m. o nMonday, November 1, in the Hygiene room. Anyone interested may attend. —FRASER.
Co-eds: Motion pictures on venereal diseases and tuberculosis will be shown in the Hygiene room of the women’s gymnasium at 4 p. m. today, October 26. All women students are invited. —RUSSELL.
Glider Club: Open meeting in room G of the Union Building Wednesday, October 26, at 7:16 p. m. New members will be considered. —MOORE.
Roger Williams Club: Cabinet meeting today, October 26, at 6 p. m. at 140 S. Grant street. —NELSON.
Scrivener Editorial Staff: There will be an important meetin^c of the editorial staff in the Scrivener office today, October 26, at 4 o’clock. All staff members must attend. —CLEVELAND.
Glider Club: There will be a work session for all members at Tuckers gas station Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, October 26 to 28. -^MOOBE.
University Orchestra: Rehearsal Wednesday, October 26, in Union tower room for broadcast. —PHILLIPS.
YWCA Literature Group: YWCA Literature group will meet today, October 26, in the YWCA office at 4 p, m. —BUGHBR.
Mixed Archery: Mixed archery will be held on the mall in front of the Executive Building today, October 26, at 4 o’clock. —BALCOM.
Metallurgical Students: Organi^tion meeting of AXME will be held Wednesday, October 26, at 4:30 p. m. in room 202 of Heavilon Hall. —PEIRCE.
Triton Club: Meeting Wedneadw, October 26, at 7:30 p, m. in the Memorial Gymnasium pool. —JORGESON.
Freshman and Sophomore Football Managers: Meeting at 7 p m today, October 26, at Sigma Chi house —FRUSH
Alpha Zeta Pledges: Meet in room F of the Union at 7 o’clock today, October 26. —STONAKEB.
Ward 2: Contrary to yesterday’s Exponent practice will not start until Monday, October 30 —BALCOM.
University Co-eds: All girls interested in trying out for cheerleader positions leave names and phone numbers with Frances Eastbum at 5091 during the noon hours, or at the activities bureau after 4 p. m. (10-27) —MEIER.
Debate Managers: The following men will continue as sophomore debate managera: Taylor, Wheeler, Hart, Howard, Thorton, Caldwell, Shaw, Deal, and Reiater. —CAN.
Organized Green Potters: Important meeting Thursday, October 27, at 4 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. Wear pledge
Silver Mask: There will be no meeting tonight, October 26. -MEIER
YWCA Literature Group: Meeting Wednesday, October 26, at 4 p. m. in the YWCA office. —BUGHER.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Co-ed Bowling Tournament: Alpha Xi Delta vs. Collegianna at 7 p. m., and PIA vs. Chi Omega at 9 p. m, today, October 26. —STOCKER.
WAA Hockey: All upperclassmen must get in practices this week, (10-27) —FRASER.
Distinguished Howitzer Squads: Applications for entry in this competition must be handed in in writing to Major Faulconer or to Captain Morse by noon Thursday, November 3. Each application will list a Junior as Executive and 11 Sophomores—1 as chief of section, 1 as gunner, 7^ as cannonneers, and 2 as drivers. Entries will be placed in order (n which they are submitted, —FAULCONER.
Purdue Engineer: The following men will report to the Engineer office today, October 26, at 4 p. m. to either Harris or Felix: Mossburg, Lantz, Parkman, Horth, and Harper -^RICE
WAA Mixed Archery: Tournament Wednesday, October 26, 4 until 6 p. m. —FRASER
Bowling teams: The following teams are scheduled to bowl Thursday October 27: 7 00 p m —Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Chi, Kappa Delta Rho vs Delta Upsilon 9 00 p m —Phi Sigma Kappa vs Phi
Glee Club: Be ready to sing program at 7 :16 p. m. Wednesday, Octobei 26, in faculty lounge Appear in full dress. —STEWART
WAA Open Swim: All grads, undergrads, faculty women swim, Thursday, October 27, 7 until 9 :30 p m. —FRASER
Cancellations: Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before Saturday noon, October 29. Cancellation cards may be obtained from heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject was given. The cards should then be filed in Registrar’s Office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after October 29, if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men. —FISHER.
. . . how fast that says it for smokers... refreshing mildness... better taste ... more pleasing aroma ... everything you could ask for in a cigarette
Chesterfield
"y ■)