’■^i ,?,
Purdue
Z-I«f
Exponent Hi
Voluilae 5L No. 127
Wednesday. Maadt B. 1940
Bob Igney To Captain 1940-'41 Riveter Basketball Squad
Sophomores Choose ^Pinky^ Tomlin For Cotillion
Skull And Crescent Fixes
Williamson, Amt To Head ^ Oflklal Date For March is
Cast Of ^Sweethearts"
Marjorie Williamson, as Sylvia, Princess of Zilania, and Henry Amt infhe role of Prince Franz, have been chosen for the leading roles of Victor Herbert’s “Sweethearts” which will be presented as this year’s Varsity show on April 18 to 20.
Tau Betas To Sponsor Discussion Tonight On Graduate Study Graduate engineering study, the factors to be considered for and against it, and the viewpoints of industrial leaders concerning it, will be discussed at a symposium on graduate study this evening at 7:30 o’clock in the east faculty lounge of the Union. Tau Beta Pi, all-engineering honorary, will sponsor the discussion. The symposium will consist of short speeches by campus professors and local industrial men. Graduate students will be present to contribute to the discussion, which will be followed by an open forum. Speakers will be: Professors Bray, ChE; Hawkins, ME; Rutledge, CE; Ewing, EE; and W. K. Creson, Ross Gear Company, chief engineer; A. J. McAllister, president, Faiijfield Gear Company; W. M. English, superintendent of motive power, Monon Railroad; and A. E. Kemmer, Lafayette building contractor. Fritz Wanzenburg, ME ’40, and Carl Rasmussen, ME ’40, are student sponsors for the symposium.
Included in the supporting cast are: Janice Dixon, Liane, the Milliner; Mary Johnson, Paula; Marvin Smith, Lieutenant Karl; Elmer Carlquist, Percinal Slingsby; Robert Stanley, Petrus Van Tromp; Benny Burns, Aristide Caniche; Molly Harding, Jeanette; Anna Mertz, Clairette; Marjorie Patrick, Babette; Gloria Fox, Bisette; Alberta Schmadel, Toinette; Aleen Atkins, Nanette. y Famous Compositions ‘Sweethearts,” featuring such famous compositions as “Sweethearts” and “Pretty as a Picture”^ is one of the better known Victor Herbert operettas. Its plot centers around the love of Prince Franz, the heir presumptive to the throne and Sylvia, the Princess of Zilania —^who is supposed to be already engaged to the Lieutenant Karl. Comedy and humorous situations are liberally supplied by characters of Petrus Ban Tromp and Artistide Caniche. ^ Select Chorus Today A1 Stewart, head of the electoral board which chooses the performers, stated that the final choruses will be selected today at 4 p. m. in Fowler Hall, in order that rehearsals may begin this week. All tryouts for the dancing parts of the show meet in the Union today at 4 p. m. To find out in which room tryouts will be held, inquire at west desk of Union.
Dean Reed Will Address AES Members Tomorrow Harry Reed, dean of the school of agriculture, will address members of the Agricultural Edilcation Society, tomorrow night at 7:80 in room 356 of the Uniop. Dean Reed was a county agricultural agent before coming to the University in 1917.
Entry Deadline Set For Camera Contest Friday afternoon is the deadline for entries in the Early Spring Exhibit of the Camera Club. All members should turn their prints in on time at the Student Union ofiice. The judges for this exhibit will be a local commercial photographer, a local artist and a local amateur photographer. The prints will be judged with the entrant’s name cov-
ered.
One of the new darkrooms has been set up and is in use for the members who want to get prints ready for the exhibit. The key may be secured at the west desk of the Union. This room is the third from the west end on the south side of the line of new darkrooms. Freshman Wins Symphony Chance Harold W. Koch of Whiting, engineering freshman and oboeist in the University orchestra, was selected as one of the thirty-two young musicians in the preliminary tryoqts held in Indianapolis last Friday and Saturday for chairs in the All-American Youth Orchestra. Koch will be the only oboeist to represent Indiana in the regional contest to be held in May. Leopold Stokowski will take the Youth Orchestra on a tour of Central and South America this summer.
Pinky Tomlin
'Seyienth Heaven' Opens Tonight In Eliza Fowler Hall At 7:3 0 Tonight at 7:30, the auditorium lights in Fowler Hall will dim, and as the curtain rises, Playshop’s production of Austin Strong’s “Seventh Heaven” will begin its four d9,y run. The play, based on the life of a sewer cteaner in pre-war Paris, will be presented in three acts.
Burns In Lead
As Chico, atheistic sewer man, Benny Bums will play the lead. Juanita Sebum, in the role of Diane, will play opposite him. Other cast members are Norma Lee Spector as Diane’s sister, Nana, Mel Adams as Pere Chevelion, and Jerry Ciral as Boul. The first act is played in scene representing the end of a blind street somewhere in Paris. Boul’s ancient French hack is parked at the curb and the action commences as Chico makes his entrance through a manhole. The picturization is complete to the last ashbar-
lel in the gutter.
Attention To Detail Second and third acts, both using the same set, take place in Chico’s attic room. Here again, great attention has been paid to smbll details by the stage crew. Even the slanted ceiling with its skylights is accurately depicted. It is to this room that Chico returns, blinded by the war, to find strength in his new
found worship.
Good seats may still be purchased for 76 cents. /
Campus Playwrights Will Compete For Southworth Prize For all you undergraduate students of the University who feel the urge to write plays—your chance for recognition has come in the form of the annual Southworth Script Trophy- contest. The contest is sponsored by Mrs. R. M. Southworth to stimulate student interest in the writing of one-act plays suitable for stage production. Entries are to consist of original one-act plays with a production time of not more than 30 minutes. These manuscripts will be judged by a board selected from staff members of the English" department; the writer of the best manuscript will be entitled to retain the Southworth trophy during the succeeding year. It’s Legal, Too All manuscripts submitted become the property of the PIA, which reserves the right to grant permission for their use for production or experimentation, (See, you’re practically playwright-pro-ducers already). However, in case of the sale of any manuscript, the earnings will be divided equally between the writer and PIA. There’s a deadline to meet—May 5—and there’s no limit on the number of plays you write and submit before then, so come on, you writers, and percolate! What - - Again? Debris business manager, R. C. MeNeil announced today that Wednesday, March 20, would absolutely be the last day that the 1940 Debris would be on sale for only $4.50. After March 20 the price of the yearbook will be-raised to $5.00. This year the annual will have an additional one hundred pages over last year’s book. Another improvement over last year, according to the staff, is complete campus coverage. Garten Will Read For Tri Kappa Members Katherine Turney Garten will present a reading from “Queen Anne Boleyne” tomorrow night at 8 o’clock in the north ballroom of the Union for members of the Tri Kappa play goers. Miss Garten is a well-known book reviewer and reader and has made several appearances on the campus. Tonight’s performance will be her second on the campus this year. Preceding the program Miss Gar-' ten will be a guest for dinner at tbe Kappa Alpha Theta house.
“Pinky” Tomlin and his orchestra from the Drake Hotel in Chicago ■will play for the Sophomore Cotil- ‘ lion, officials of Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary in charge of the dance announced last night. The date for the dance has definitely been set for Friday, March 15, the original date that was temporarily abandoned because of Fraternity
Week.
Tickets On Sale Ticket sales for the dance which will be open to all students irrespective of class, will begin today with a few available at the west desk of the Union and from Skull and Crescent members. Sales will be limited to 400 tickets since only one ballroom in the Union—^the South Ballroom—^will be utilized for the affair. WSGA officials announced that coeds will be allowed 2 o’clock hours for the evening. The dance will be strictly formal and tickets will be priced at two
dollars.
“Pinky” Tomlin is the composer of a number of popular songs including “Object of My Affections” the most famous: “What’s the Reason?” and “Love Bug.” He started his musical career as a spng writer and instrumentalist on the guitar and other stringed instru-
ments.
Tomlin In Movies, Radio As a result of his reputation as a composer, he appeared in a number of moving pictures and on the musical comedy stage. During this time he also made a personal appearance tour of the country. Radio work followed. A few years ago, Tomlin organized his own orchestra and opened with it in the Los Angeles Biltmore Bowl. From this spot, “Pinky” and his band went to the Jung Hotel in New Orleans. From there he went to the Drake Hotel in Chicago where he has played until recently. Co-ed Debate Squad Will Meet Three Big Ten Teams In Week Resolved: That the Federal Housing Administration program should not be renewed. This is the proposition to be debated by six co-eds when they meet the Michigan University debate team on March 12, at 7:30 in Fowler Hall, On March 14, the debate squad which consists of Charlotte Finney, Janet Morehouse, Frances Estep, Peggy-Howard, Faith Wayne, and Eloise Guire, will meet the University of Wisconsin team at Madison. On March 18, both of these teams will engage the Northwestern teams in a series of debates to be held on the campus. During the past few months, the co-ed squdfi has been delving into the history and accomplishments of the F. H. A. The present F. H. A. program empires on July 1, 1941, thus the debate which concerns the advisibility of renewing this program of Federal Government assistance, is both timely and practical. Study of government reports, interviews with government officials, bankers, contractors, and owners of F. H. A. homes, in order to determine the advantages and disadvantages of the plan and how the plan actually works, has all been part of the preparation for the coed debates. Phi Delta Theta . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men: Fred Lauer, Dana; Hank Velkoff, Ft. Wayne; Douglas LeMaster, Lagrange; Robert Weinfurtner, Cleveland, Ohio; and Phil Murray, Clinton, Iowa.
New Captain
RecognitionGiven To 14 Major And 7 Minor Letter Winners
By Rolfe Jenkins
Bob Igney, known to Hoosier basketball followers as “the kid who tripped the Frankfort Hot Dogs” in the high school sectional tournament in 1937 and recognized by Western Conference cage fans as a dangerous offensive threat, was elected daptain of the 1940-41 Boilermaker basketball squad, Coach Lambert announced at the annual Lions Club banquet last night. “Champions all!” was the spirit
of banquet in heraldic celebration of the 1940 Big Ten championship Purdue quintet from Captain Freddie Beretta down the lineup to the last reserve and back up again to
Captain-elect Bog Igney. Titular Toastmaster, Too
Maintaining the fiery all-con-quering pep of Harold Van Orman, characterized in Dr. EUiott’s own words as “The best toastmaster ever heard on this campus,” an enthusiastic audience of Boilermaker cage followers, to steal some of the toastmaster’s thunder, vociferously applauded the heycinic intentions of circuinlocutionary causticism which pervaded the oratory of a well
meaning line of speakers.
It was Piggy Lambert, routine receiver of hardwood awards, \^ho announced for the squad the Section of Bob Igney as leader for the 1940-41 campaign. Bob’s father was among the parents who attended the celebration of their sons’ triumphal conclusion to the twmitythird basketball season under the tutelage of Ward L. “Piggy” Lam-
bert.
Trophy For Fisher Recognition was given 14 major lettermen and seven minor award winners as Well as 15 fre^hlnen numeral recipients, besides those yearly awards was a new kind of recognition. Gordon Graham, sports editor of ths Lafayette JournalCourier, presented to Danny Fisher, senibr forward, a silver basketball trophy for his accomplishments from the free throw lane. With the feeling that there is an important phase of the game which has lacked color enough to be widely appreciated, the donors of the trophy wanted to give to Dan a permanent reminder of his contribution to this year's record in the form of 49 free throws out of a possible 79. (Continued on page 3)
Bob Igney
Musicale To Highlight Florists Conference In Union Ballroom More than one thousand students, faculty, and townspeople are expected to attend the floral musicale to be staged in conjunction with the annual Indiana Florists’ Conference which will be held on the campus today and tomorrow. The musicale will be presented at 8 o’clock this evening in the Union ballroom. 17 Part Program The program will consist of seventeen parts, illustrating occasions calling for the use of flowers and demonstrating the kind of flowers to be used on those occasions. The various parts will include: the new arrival, the birthday party, St. Valentine’s Day, St. Patrick’s Day, Easter, Mother’s Day, hospital day, graduation, the bride, prom, golden wedding, serenade, Christmas, New Year’s, and grand finale. Music for the event will be furnished by the glee club and the concert choir, both directed by Albert P. Stewart, with the musical background by Mrs. Joseph M. Ragains, celesta. Professor E. R. HoneywelL ^University floriculturist, will be in charge of the floral arrangements. The flowers will be furnished by local florists and costumes by townspeople. This Morning’s Program This morning’s session for the conference will be in charge of Dr. Laurenz Greene, head of the University horticulture department. At this meeting talks will be given by Norman Stanley of Indianapolis and Wayne Clark of Connersville. The j>rogram for this afternoon will consist of addresses by S. B. Walker," Indianapolis, controller for Wm. H. Block and Co., and Inez Williams, Columbus, Ohio. No admission will be charged for the floral musicale tonight to which all intreested persons ai'e invited.
\
EXPONENT STAFjF AU elected members of Che Exponent staff will meet today in the conference room of the Agriculture Experiment Statiim. at 4:15 p. m. INSLEY.
Officers' Training Course Will Close Saturday At Noon Forty-one police officials and officers representing thirty' Indiana cities with populations imder 30,000 are attending the Traffic Officexs* Training School which opened Monday morning. The school is being conducted in conjunction with the Indiana State Police. Saturday noon will dose the training school with a final lunchecm in the Memorial Union building. Dean A. A, Potter will award certificates to those successfully completing tl^e course. Capt. D. Elliott, Muncie officer, will be the principal speaker on the program and will outline the practical application of the course from a similar program recently scheduled Under the general direction of Prof. J. L. Lingo, the purpose of the school is to assist town and city police departments in making their traffic reg^ulations more efficient and effective. Problems of enforcement, accident investigation, schod saifety, intoxication tests, photography, legislation, and traffic control are being discussed. Those in charge of the course include Prof. J. L. Lingo, Director of the Purdue Public Safety Institute; Donald F. Stiver, State Safety Iftrector; Lt. Donald Kookerii, Sgt. Paul T. Beverforden, Robert Borgenstein, and Robert Bowman, of the State Police; W- A. Enapp, assistant dean of the schools ei «aigineming."* ''i ((;i'’*' ^ ^ :
* V"' -"'f -t'■ 1
PORDTJE EXPONENT
W^daeaday* Mor^ & '1940
Sihak^SdiiA, By Hwik MUler TOfe Geotge Huff Gym . . . Monday afternoon ... an argument about where to set up the microphones > . . Ino tickets left fot the ga^e ... later . . ^ time to go on the ait. . . crowd gets excited . . . game time . .. no place to sit down . . . between halves . . . try to describe the crowd reactions . . .' put the band on the air . . . second half . . . sitting in the midst of lllim rooting section . . . 10 minutes to go, 10 points behind ... get the signal to go on the air from the floor just as time out signal sounds, ending time out. Not oh the air ... game over ... Purdue wins by 3 points . . .' Purdue fans go wild ... try to get mike out en floor and interview players ... players taken off floor .. . can’t get to them . . . try to see a coach or someone else to put on the air . . . no One around . . . broadcast over . . . take down equipment . . . microphone lost. . . go home.
Thus are a radio announcers thoughts after a broadcast, but they give some idea of the excitement and activity that once lust for them gets into one’s blood, it makes him go to all extremes to be able to describe a part of it, even if a very minute part, to the listening audience.
Enough rambling ... now for some news ... Thomas E. Dewey is scheduled to talk on the NBC-Blue network, at 8:30. The talk will be before a mass meeting at the University of Nebraska Coliseum.
At 7 p. m. on WMAQ, the Hollywood Playhouse will present Charles Boyer and Gale Page in “Judgement in Java.” Sounds interesting.
Warren Ash, the original Abie of the stage play, “Abie’s Irish Rose,” will be . i special participant on the Marriagie Club program over the statioti WENR tonight, at 11:00 p. m. GST. Although he has been married only once in real life, Ash was marned himdreds of times as Abie in Ann Nichol’s famous play. Among the questions' sent in by listeners that participants on this week’s broadcast may be called on |o answer are: 1. What should a traveling salesman’s wife do for entertainment? 2. When there is only one radio in the home, who should have the right to it in the evenings ? 3. Should a husband cook the Sunday morning breakfast? 4. Should a husband ever refer to his mother’s cooking? 5. Should a wife have the right to scold her husband when he fails to hang up his clothes? 6. When a husband walks in his sleep should his wife follow him? 7. Should a husband make a will ?
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
2 FIRST RUN HITS!
PLUS—2ND FEATURE
UUm MIGAliT MORRIS'LINDSAY mUIAM GARGAN1.
—LAST DAY
Features
LORETTA YOUNG DAVID NIVEN —•IN — 'ETERNALLY YOURS' — AND — RAT O'BRIEN in 'NIGHT.OF NIGHTS'
We’ll start off today’s column with a contrib that is supposed to be better than the “petunia” stinker. We’Ve had conttibs asking us to print more of these, so if you have some, drop them in the box. They may be silly, but so is this column, so here goes: s A Fire Truck Red?
BLUEBIRD POPULAR RELEASE
On Sale This Week
26504 When You Wish Upon a Star The Starlit Hour Kenny Baker, Tenor with Orchestra conducted by David Broekman 26505 The Love Theme—Waltz Illusive Romance—F. T. (V. R.) Wayne King and His Orchestra «26506 Oriental Shuffle—Slow F. T. Are You in the Mood? —Slow F. T. Quintet of the Hot Club of France 26507 Swing Your Way to Happiness I've Obt the Jitterbugs Grade Fields, Soprano with Orchestra *26508 Lonesome Road—(Parts I and 2)—F. T. Tommy Dorsey and His Orchestra 26515 With the Wind and the Rain in Youir Haii^-F. T. (V.R.) A Lover's Lullaby—F. T. Swing and Sway with Sammy Kaye *Swing Classic The Foster Shop Authoiteed Dswien RCA - ViCTROLAS - VICTOR RECORD* EmI Side Square
Every to'^n has a firetruck. People truck with their feet. A foot is twelve inches. Three times twelve is thirty-six. Thirty-six inches is a yard stick. A yard stick is a big ruler. King George was a big ruler. Queen Mary was his wife. Queen Mary also is a boat. Some boats are made of wood. Paper is also made of wood. Papers are read. THEREFORE, FIRETRUCKS ARE RED. —B«&B— The telephone line at the Theta Chi house was hot Thursday night as Chuck Cannon talked to his Michigan City girlfriend long distance for thirty minutes. The expense didn’t mean much then as he was explaining to her all about his love life on this campus, which concerns Alpha Chi pledge Dot ,Seib, whom he has dated quite a bit. News travels fast around Indiana. —B & B— My goodness. Chuck, why not take them one at a time? —H&B— Flash! The Paulus-Dunshee cor*poration has finally unmerged. Jody is back in circulation, and the num- , ber is still 4097.. It will now be interesting to see whether Bill, now suddenly eligible, will get cold shouders or warm glances from the Kappa sisters. —B&B— . Bob Perkins: Does your girlfriend smoke? Ray Dotson: Not quite! —B & B— It was too bad that the co-eds had to be in early Monday night, for the eds were on a healthy rampage after the game. After cleaning up West Lafayette in proper style, showing proper school spirit and enthusiasm, the boys took in the main town. Their only gripe is that there were no women around. However, the boys say they had a swell time. —B & B— Last night was a different story. It’s about time we showed some real spirit, for things have been too dead around here, —B & B— BONERS! . . . and then there’s the freshman who thought Roman numerals were athletic awards given by the University of Rome. — B&B— MARS PASSES ARE STILL BEING OFFERED!
FlyitiK Clpb: Special, very important ' meeting for all A metiers in room 828 of the Union at 7 p. m., Wednesday, March 6. A revised list of flight rules will be discussed, voted on, and signed by everyone. —KIMBALL.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting Wednesday, March 6, 7 p. m., room 306 in the Union building. All actives be present to elect Spring Pledges. —CORNELL.
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
JOHN HOWARD DOLORES DEL RIO —LAST TIMES TODAY— ELEANOR POWELL FRED ASTAIRE — IN — 'BROADWAY MELODY of 1940"
thetaChi
Newman Club will hold ah orgWf izatidh meetihg of a diBchBBioh group tomorrow night at 7 p. m. in room 303 of the UhLqh. Plans vHl]i be fothihlalied fpi? a Serjes of regrhlar disdhssibns. With tl^ assiitahee of Father Holland, Catholic sthdent pastor, topics for the program will be chosen on the suggestions of the members. '■ The purposes and pl^n of this group discussion program will also be outline^ 8it this time, The officers urge hli NeWmah Club members and .Cntbolic students who are interested to attend hhd assist in selecting topics.
Chi Omega
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. u. YWCA: Elections are approaching. Check Up at office any afternoon from 4 to B o’clock to see if you have your duea_ paid iri full and are eligible to vote. Deadline is Friday, March 8 at 6 p. m. —SWANEY.
Glider Club: Open meeting Thursday, March 7, at 7:16 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. —MILLER.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Regular meeting Thursday, March 7 at 6 p. m. in the Phi Kappa Psi house. —CA'TTERALL.
Tan Beta Pi: Meeting at 7:30 p. m. Wednesday, March 6, in the east faculty lounge of the Union for symposium on graduate study. —CATTERALL.
Eta Kappa Nu: Joint meeting with Tau Beta Pi at 7:80 in the east fa(?ulty lounge of the Union, Wednesday, March 6. —KEEN.
Pi Tan Sigma: Joint meeting with TauBeta Pi at 7:30 p. m. Wednesday, March 6., in the east faculty lounge of the Union. —EILERING.
Chi Epsilon: Joint meeting with Tau Beta Pi at 7:80 p. m. Wednesday, March 6, in the east faculty lounge of the Union. —CORNELL.
Phi Lambda Upsilonr Joint meeting with Tau Beta Pi at 7:80 p. m., Wednesday, March 6, in the east faculty lounge of the Union. , —^HALL.
Thirty-Three Club: No meeting this week. Positively will be a meeting Tuesday, IJarch 12, at 7:30 p. m., in room 307 (old room C) of the Union. This room has been reserved for each Tuesday the rest of the semester. —HECKMAN.
A I Ch E Members : Dinner meeting originally planned for March has been postponed until April because of inspection trip. Higburg has consented to speak to us in April, and banquet will be held then. Watch for further announcements. (3-9) MEYERS.
Fraternity Freshmen: Meeting Wednesday, March 6, at 4 p. m. in room 204 of the Union. —BALDWIN.
WSGA Activities Committee: Meeting of the following girls in the WSGA office. Wednesday, March 6 at 4 p. m. Lois Thompson, Katherine Leist, Janet Haynes, Becky Pervine, Virginia Pfisterer, Jean Ainsworth, Doris Granndn, June Goodman. —HOUSE.
YWCA Cabinet; Meeting Wednesday, March 6, at 4 p. m., in the YWCA office. -COOLEY.
ME 31 Conditions: Examination will be held in room 301 of the ME building on Saturday, April 6 at 1 p. m. All who intend to take this make-up should notify the undersigned before 12 noon Saturday, March 23. —MESSERSMITH. C. E. 41: An examination for the removal of “C" grades will be held in room 126, Heavilon Hall, 1 to 4 p. m.. Saturday, Idarch 16. Permission to take the examination must be obtained from the undersigned prior to March 18. —GREVE.
PIA Dance Class: Due to unforseen difficultly the first meeting of the class will have to be postponed. There will definitely be a meeting Wednesday, March 6, in room 363 of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. —LUTZ.
BxMBiluitiOlu for ccndltloB rcUMvala Ib Htotory, EeoBNBica bb* GsveraatMiti ThMc will be held Saturday, March 9, at 1:00 nu, rcMHB 808. in the Recitation Bnilding. Application muet be made in the History office no later than Friday, March 8. —ESTEY,
, Typists: All those people interested In working for the Student Senate, doing typing for students, meet in room 360 at 4 p. m. Thursday, February 14. —RUSTY.
Faculty Badminton: Meetings changed from Tuesday to Wednesday nights beginning Wednesday, March 7, at 7:30 p. m. SMITH.
Camera Club: No meeting this week, but get plenty of prints in that exhibit by Friday, March 8. Turn them in at the Student Union office. ~ —GEPHART.
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday,' March 7, at 7 :30 p. m. room 306 of the Union. All members are urged to attend. —NEPTUNE.
WAA: Second round of the ping-pong and shuffle board tournament must be played off by Friday, March 8. Schedules are posted in the gym. —HOLDEN.
G. E. 11, 12: An examination' for removal of “C” and “I” grades will be held Saturday, March 9, at 1 p. m. in room 210. Michael Golden Shops. Students planning to take the examination must make arrangements with the undersigned on or before March 9. —RISING.
Primary CAA Students: Examination in meteorology on Wednesday, March 6, at 7 p. m., in the ME building. All students must attend. WICKERSHAM.
TOMORROW- FRIDAY
— LAST DAY
W. C. FIELDS MAE WEST — IN — 'MY LITTLE CHICKADEE'
GitIN B|AR IT
BylMitY
... sopial fraternity, announces th0 pled^ng of Papl Breyfogle, Alton, 111.; Dan Webster, Elmhurst, 111.; John Williams, Decatur, HI.; Dale Moffett, Da^n, p.; Di<^ Worl, Keimard; Ted Shead, Ini^anapplis; (Glen Sfasti Elkhart; Edward Cyceflas, dhiiliigo, HJ.; Heti]k, JpHiidDtott; I)|>; B:^ot|i liV|zier, Gfby; Hick Myerji, Gsrjr; George Rogers, SteuLienville, O.; Harry Pettit, Baltimore, Md.
... social sorority, announces the election of the following ofiicers for next year; Jqne Sp^y, president; Jane Fishleigh, vice - president; , Prances Bradshaw, secretary, Martha Pabst ,treasurer; Catherine O’Leary, social chairman; Myra McKee and Victoria Milea, co-rush chairmen./
Ag Chun. Club: Open meetiPK Wednesday, March 6, at 7 :80 in room 208 of the Union'. Motion pictures, —HARPER.
Alpha Phi Omega: Smoker Wednesday, March 6, at 7:80 p. m. jn room 302 of the Union, All men interested please attend. —McCAMMON.
CE 6 Conditions: Examination will be hbld in room 101 of the civil building Tuesday, March 12, from 4 to 7 p. m. Get permit slips in CE 102. —TODD.
University Orchestra: Rehearsals with the Choir for members of the orchestra for “Seven , Last Words” are scheduled , as follows: Sunday aftefnoon, March 10, at 2 :30. Tuesday afternoon, March 12, at 4:00, Thursday night, March 14, at 7:15. Saturday afternoon, March 16, at 2';00. Monday afternoon, March 18, at 4:00. There will be no rehearsal on Thursday night, March 7.
aassified
M. B. 61 Con^itioMlB: Exaniination for the removal of Conditions in M.E. 61 will be held April 6, at 1 p. m. in room 801 of the mechanical engineering building. All interested parties should notify the undersigned on or before March 28 at noon. —MESSERSMITH.
--RAGANS. Engineering Freshmen: This_ semester’s seating assignments of engineering lectures in' Eliza Fowler Hall are posted in the main hallway in Michael Golden Shops and will not be posted in any other place. The Engineering lecture this coming Saturday, March 9, will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall. —KNAPP.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting 4:30 p._m. Friday, March 8, in room 304 of Union. Short program and free cokes. —SHICKEL.
Varsity Show Dancing Tryouts: Tryouts, both ed and co-ed, meet in Union, Wednesday, March 6. Inquire at w^t, desk to find room in which 'the tryouts will be held. No previous dancing experience ne^ed. All unsuccessful tryouts for singing and speaking parts may also tryout for dancing positions. —SEXTON.
FOR RENT For Rent—7 Room House, Modern, blocks from Jeff. Phone 36092.
For Rent—Well furnished sle^ilig n>om. Private. Residence. Phone 66(192: attejr 5. (8-8, 6, 6) '
Sophomore and Freshmen Union Workers: Meeting Wednesday, March 6, at 4 p. m. of game room staff in Student Union office; —BROOKS—SEIBERT.
Purdue Agriculturist: Special meeting Thursday, March 7, at 4 p. m. in the office for all stmi members and other agriculture students who wish to apply for a position on' the Agriculturist for next year. Application blanks will be distributed. —BURBANK.
Agricultural Education Society: There will be a meeting Thursday night, March 7, at 7:30 p. m. in room 386 of the Union building. All Ag students are invited. —LIEUKANCE.
Newman Club: There will be an organization meeting Thursday, March 7, at 7 p. m. in room 303 of the Union' of all -those interested in Discussion Group. —GARTY.
-LAST DAY-
CHM lOMBKI' PMIUK MOOtf SIN YUH6 'D0U6US lOWUV JUNt GAU > DOUGUS DUMMilU SAUY lUNI • null SEWARO WAUYVaNOH'PONAlDMMlMMIE A aOHiCinliwy-Fox Phluro • AND'
'Mutiny on the Black Hawk" — WITH — RICHAkD ARLEN ANDY DEVlNE --ALiO—"
THUR$-’ FRI. - SAT. ROLLIN' WESTWARD fighting THOROBREDS DAREDEVILS OF THE RED CIRCLE
STUDENTS ENROLL IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CUVSS Wed. March 6th 7:00 p. m. To Experienced Danc^ ENROLL IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS Thurs. March 7th 7:00 p.m. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6A and Fmrjr
-TODAYTWO FIRST RUN HITS
with STEFFI DUNA JOHN ELDREDOE
— PLUS — MONEY TO BURN .— WITH — James - Russell - Lucile Gleason
STARTS TOMORROW DO UBLE FEATUR E MASTER CRIMINAL MEETS HIS MATCHf
'lllEOpE SANDERS and tWens Whitney Jomthai) Hale • Beta Lugosi Bonald MacBrida*iohoF.Hainifton — PLUS— PAUL MUNI — IN — WE ARE NOT ALONE
‘Let me put it another way, folks! With industrials and utilities in a state of flujc, gems are your best investment!”
worn BAIM FOB SALE—Typawritani. All Bimkca, standard and portable, sold, purchaaedl rented and repair^ New portable maeUnea as low as 929.78. Supplies. C. F. Ej^hoff, 606 Main street. Russ—^Rent-A-Car Service. Oars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all n-ight. Phone 71644. ;
LOST AND FOUND Lost—Black Carter's foqnt^n pen. Finder please call, Fisher. 81762. Re-wqrd./ Will person who “borrowed” iny reversible raincoat from the bioibgy building Saturday morning please return to Lost and Found or Cary Hall, Northwest -^-Gephart 84o5. WANTED Wanted-“-Students to act as substitute carriers of the Exponent. Steady job is possible. Call Ray Hall. 3904 between 6;30 and 7:15.i, ‘
re '»')*'
0*1 VUifww ^^lj|.*ylu *
1
f~ JU»-^ 1 ft. ^
X
Wediie$4ciy* Mccrch ld40 ^
^xpcmnJL Sfiifitd^ fijaq^i
\ A- '^'IWli. ^ ;■ s ^ v> !>a
Letteimen, Hopefuls Report for Duty As Spring Drill Begins iB^undataentats were the heynote as Cpaeh Hal Elward led his squad of footfall aspirants through their iirst real spring practice session i^si; night;* Charging and hlocking were er^haaiaed for the linemen while backs and ends went; through easy passing drills. Ambition aplanty was clearly in evidence as the sbcty-odd hop^uls straggled in the n>^nd of the practice field. Absent: from the session was Dave Bankin, All-American end, who is still devoting his energies to numerous events for the Boilermaker track team. A large^ percentage of the other lettermen were present, however, and the rest are expected to turn up before the end of the week. Similar workouts are scheduled for the rest of the week as Elward’ works the "winter kinks out of his men in preparation for the more strenuous sessions to come. Kappa Alpha Theta . . . announces the election of the following officers: president, Alice Newton; vice-president, Ruth Bennett; rush chairman, Margaret Terstegge; assistant rush chairman, Jane Winterrowd; treasurer, Joan M^Clean; secretary, Mary Ritter; social chairman, Helen Cooper; assistant social chairman, Barbara Ann Atkins. Don Terrio . . . editorial director of the Exponent, was admitted to the Home Hosintal late last evening for surgery. Although no complete report was released by the hospital authorities, a possible appendectomy was indicated.
fioMehi Chjoksi - ftr Itobcrt J. D««kanl
Three little piggies wont to market.” —-fe— And a contingent of basketball “Piggies’* from Pmrdue University went to market to sell and buy some wares, and made such a handsome profit that it’s the talk of the nation. They had to do some close trading in order to capitalize on their efforts, but after the market had been a scene of torrid trading and bickering and had closed, the little “Piggies” scampered home, happy and cpntented, for during the process of trading they had received a Western Conference basketball blue bunting. —^fc— Yep, you Big Ten basketball champions, the “market” is closed, and in your possession is the covetv ed blue bunting that goCs to teams which win the conference title. —^fc— ' You went to “market” the hard way, because, when you stepped into the lead at the outset of the season, the pressure was its highest. . . . The trip hence became hard and rigorous. ... At every step lurked an enemy ready to send you sprawling. They were all “picking” on you. . . . All were “shooting” for you. . . . Only one team halted yop, and then only momentarily.... You continued unabated in spirit and courage. . . . When the stretch came into view, the sledding was tough as nails. . . . Apd, then, like true champions, your burst forth with all the steam yon could muster to sail into “market” as champions again.
At f^e head pf your trpupe was sage Ward Lambert, kiioiyn thropghout the nation as “Piggy” because he once Wore a little red cap With a tassel on it in his home town of Crawfordsville. . . . 0e “fought” jlor yOur team and many 0 time leaped from the driver’s seat into many a fray. . . . Through his undying devotion to Pordue bucketball, he hounded his skiiutly little “Piggies” into condition for the long trek to market. —fc— As his assistant, Lambert had the best guard in the conference, Freddie Beretta. . . . Freddie captained the team most admirably. ... He handled his five oh the hardwood most admirably during the campaign. ... To Freddie goes a helluva lot of credit, because he was the main spring of the Boilermaker mechanism. —^fc— Then there was your old standby, bespectacled Danny Fisher. . . . This boy was ambidevtrous in more ways than one. . . . Ijle could play guard, forward, or center posts like an expert.... His ever-burning fire on the court kept you on the move. —^fc— Then Eli Yeager, the “Firehorse” of your fire brigade, plunged with all the zest and zeal he could muster into every foot of the race. .. . And another lad, Robert Igney, stuck in plenty of his say for the PU five.,,. When Lambert needed some assistance, in would go Bobbie to add some scoring punch via the ozone. —^fc— A sextet of sophomores also helped you to glory. . . . Don Blanken, Red Caress, Mickey Tierney, Frosty Sprowl, Calvin Korschot, and Bill Nuetzel, ail did their share in Purdue’s gamering the blue bunting. —^fc— With tenacity, agggressiveness, and decision to win, you “burned” up the league, and, consequently, won the title. . . . All that we can add now is our most sincere congratulations !
When thoughts revert to Easter style. Just remember—that GOOD old suit ■will take on a new and envied ‘air’ when cleaned and pressed the new American Way.
Pltone 3085
SEE WHAT 128 HORSEPOWER CAN DO ... in the Greatest Performing Eight of Them All
For topflight performance, there’s no substitute for POWER! And it costs you several hundred dollars more, in any other car, to match the power Hudson gives you in America’s lowest priced straight eight! This is the Eight that John Cobb, noted British sportsman, drove to a new class record for the stock car flying mile; the Eight that went on to beat anything any other car in its class had ever done, from one to 1000 miles. And it’s the Eight which, in official economy tests, not only beat the
best ever done by any other straight eight, but actually proved itself more economical,
than most small sixes!
It’s a luxury car as well.. .with its extra roominess; the comfort of Airfoam Seat Cushions; the richness and beauty of genuine Hockanum Woolen upholstery. And in the new Eight De Luxe you will find smart new style touches everywhere, with equipment and fittings that are lavishly complete. Come in . . . see and DRIVE this light-footed leader of the motoring parade!
AND ilU»S»ll Eie«t N tmM
AMERICA’S LOWESt UlCfB STRAIGHT ft
mm MORE mm oni pr»oweI : roR unm tfion or wBEiimi v
HUDSON EIGHT PRICES START AT *860 delivered in Detroit, including Federal taxes, not including state and Ipcal taxes, if any. Low time payment terms. Prices subject to change without notice.
Hudson Also Prosenit: Now Hudson Six, Most Amnxlng Lowest Priced Cgr iver BviH... New Hudson Super-Six... New Hudson Country Ciub Sedans, luxury Sensotions of Hie Year
1st and Columbia St
C RUSH CO.
Lafayette, Indiana
ReedyWiiiPiayFor jrackiwen Prepare For Universiiy Club Party n* t am . a.#-i*
Big Ten Meet At Chicago
University Club members will hold an informal party at the Memorial Union, Monday night, Mareh 11th. Dancing to music by Paul Reedy and his Campus Commanders will be the feature of the evening’s program, and therd^ will be cards in the faculty lounge for those not "wishing to dance. Preceding the dance, there will be several dinner parties. < Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Gregory dhd Mr. and Mrs L. E. Hoffman will be in charge of the card session. H. B. Hass is president.of the club this year; Miss Leila Gaddis, vicepresident, and Fred I. Goldsmith, secretary-treasurer. Lambda Chi Alpha . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Harold Mann, DeKolb, 111.; William Korte, Foii: Wayne; James Hunt, Indianapolis; William Dwyer, Indianapolis; Robert Leighton, Chicago, 111.; William Feik, E. Chicago; Larry Kohlmeyer, Indianapolis; William Neuman, Indianapolis; Robert Douglass, Buffalo, N. Y’.; John Carter, Evanston, 111.; William Stevens, Lafayette; Frank Hart, Lafayette; Marvin Smith, Lafayette; Verne Hilt, La-
fayette.
Mortar Board ... members were entertained last night by Margaret Saurer, chapter president, with a dinner at the Kappa Alpha Theta house. Plans for the Southern Ball to be held April 17 were discqssed. The committee members for the dance are Ann Sickman, Louise Schickler, and Georgann Schilling. ALL-CAMPUS PING PONG 4:16 P. M. — Pickerel vs. R. A. Johnson Kalody vs. R. A. Fink Crutchfield vs. J. Chgdwick Warner vs. R. E. Uljieh J. E. Hoover vs. B. Duncan Harris vs. Pulph 4:45 P. M.— Kintner vs. W. S. Hyler Stecker vs. Kilty Stahl vs. L. G. Hansen R. C. Jones vs. J. North C. A. Jones vs. Darmer John Marr vs. W. E. Smith
Providing a climax, as far as their conference dnder eompeti* tion is concerned, the Boilermaker track forces will journey up to Chicago this week-end for the Big Ten indoor meet. The Riveter delegation of nine or ten hopefuls will leave Friday morning and arrive in the Windy City in ample time for the preliminaries on Friday afternoon and nighjj. Chief threat of the Boilermaker .
thifilies will be Ed Holderman, veteran distance trotter, who "will compete in both the mile and two mile runs. Ed, who turned in a 4:20 mile at Wisconsin earlier in the season and holds both the Purdue mile and two-mile records, is expected to make his strongest bid for conference supremacy in the shorter distance. Another strong possibility will be Art Edwards,. pole vaulter, who cleared 12 feet, 11 inches to tie for first honors in a triangular meet /held here "with Northwestern and Iowa a few weeks ago. Mile Relay The Boilermaker mile relay team of Shackleton, Anthony, Simmons, and Wente is also being counted on by coach Hermon Phillips to garner a few tallies for the local lads. Indiana, Michigan, and Ohio State "will be among the other teams that are planning on fighting it out for the above-mentioned race and it should develop into one of the highlights of the meet. Captain Red Shackleton and sophomore Burt Anthony "will both be entered in the quarter-mile, and along with Dave Rankin in the hurdles and Forest Weber’s shot putting are expected to pick up the rest of the Riveter’s points. After the proceedings in Chicago the Boilermaker thinlies "will rest up for the Butler Relays on the following week-end. Coach Phillips originated the Indianapolis affair and will have his charges in top condition for the do"wnstate meeting. The indoor season will be brought to a close on March X6 when the Riveters return to the Windy City for the Chicago Relays.
Arthur A. Graham
\
. . . ME ’32, has been promoted to the general offices of the NoblittSparks Industries at Columbus as assistant purchasing agent.
EXPENSIVE PIPES MOW PREFER
CENUIME FILTERS FOR MEDICO PIPES PACKED ONLY M THIS RED R BLACK BOX
Bob Igney, Captain (Continued from page 1) No less conspicuous among the “bouquets” was the presentatiim to Ward Lambert of another silver cup to place on the shelves of his championship sideboard, which was first given the veteran mentor three years ago by the Lafayette Lions Club. Congratulatory expression of attainment was generally supplemented by a theme of appreciation for the outstanding courage which the squad exhibited during the season, particularly in winning such games as those at Michigan, Wisconsin and Illinois. Among those present for the banquet were Wallace Reimann, first Boilermaker captain and coach, and Big Robbie, who described the first basketball game played by the University (a 34-19 victory over the Lafayette YMCA). Among the speakers whom toastmaster Van Orman swept to the microphone in flowery words of "wit were main speaker. Dr. Edward C. Elliott, Justus Rising, Noble Kizer, Piggy Lambert, Mel Taube, Dutch Fehring, Freddy Beretta, who announced the letter a"wards, Dan Fisher, Elwood Yeager, Gordon Graham and Bob Igney. Award winners as as follows: Seniors awarded letters included Capt. Frank Beretta, pf Bedford, all conference guard; Burton Brinkerhoff, Portland; John Chapman, of Columbia City; Dan Fishe:^, of Anderson; Gene Herschelman, Evans"ville; John Vernpn, Rochester, and Elwood Yeager, Gonuorsville. Other major letter winners included Don, Blanken, Dundee, HI.; James Bosse, Evansville; ClUrles Caress, Bedford; RPbert Igney, Frankfort; Forest Sprowl, Oblong, 111.; Norman Swarts, McCords'ville, and John Tierney, Chicago. Minor letters were awarded to Donald Adams, Carpeutere"ville, HI.; Donald Blemker, Huntingtonburg; John Conrad, West Point; Benjamin Korschot, Klondike; William Nuetzel, Tell City; Paul Pauline, Terre Haute; Cecil Polk, Rochester, and Donald Malcolm, Indianapolis, student manager. Fifteen freshmen numeral winners were: A. G. Berto, Clinton; M. R. Carter, Indianapolis; J. S. Comer, Mimcie; C. E. Crump, Culver; R. L. Duncan, Mitchell; G. H. Fields, Moores"ville; E(. A. Hoffman, Decatur; C. R. Johnson, Frankfort; T. P. Kiefer, Brownstown; P. J. Krampe, Indianapolis; G. B. Mast, Elkhart; R. G. Riley, West Lafayette; W. A. Seaborg, South Bend; W. J. Sumner, Owensville, and R. L. Wulff, Valparaiso.
The Book that tells the story of-
The most laughs and most popular part of the book will be the Snapshot Section. Look carefully—^you may be one of the victims.
im
Cjudjua.
(^ompIidiL. Can^puA, ^suuxqA,
mo
IPURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday< March* 6# 1940
Jinudi^ Jalk
How's Your Food Today?
An Invitation
... to the 100 non-member student wives enrolled in the university to join the organization of Undergraduate Dames was issued by Mrs. James Russell, president of the organization, at their open house held in the Union last night. Rough initiation will be held on March 19th at the home of Mrs. Frank Denzler, 224 Northwestern Avenue. Formal initiation will be held April 16th.
Gunn, Greiner Co-auihors I Of German Handbook
Professors J. T. Gunn and 0 A. Greiner aie co-authors of a “Handbook of Difficulties in German.” The book is designed to facilitate the reading of German by illustrating, in sentences, some of the most common difficulties met with in classrooms. The handbook is on sale at the bookstores for a nominal price. mm
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR PAUL A. RISK DR LUTHER A. RISK DR HAROLD J RISK 4th & Mam Phone 5701
• Locksmith
• Hardware
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty Bicycles, accessories and repairing MULHAUPrS 209-11 N 5th St Phone 2828
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Mam Phone 2777
• Dine
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• Dairy Products
• jewelers
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Hays Jewelry Company - East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
But
Incidentally
Students living in sororities, residence halls, and fraternities at Purdue generally have no worries over their daily bread. In most cases the quality and quantity of their food is quite satisfactory for a normal young American appetite, and is just as satisfying as food Served in any other college or university. But independent students who eat in restaurants, in their rooms or apartments, or in boarding clubs are not always so well supplied with proper food in pleasant surroundings. We once knew a student who for weeks at a time obtained both his breakfast and lunch from a bottle of milk and a box of graham crackers because of trying financial conditions. A state university vpannot dictate what a student shall or shall not eat, nor is it directly responsible for eating habits of students not living in University-controlled dormitories. However, it may well be a duty of the institution to make such suggestions, that the students’ health will not be impaired because of poor eating habits which could be improved if the basic faults were discovered. Ignorance and necessity are the two primary reasons which are usually involved when a student is attempting to live on an unsatisfactory or poorly balanced diet. Some students do not order a balanced, healthful meal merely because they do not know the proper components for a balanced meal. Other students cannot eat properly because of the very good reason that they do not have enough money. However, little can be done for either group unless accurate, detailed information is obtained. It was probably this hypothesis which caused the dean of men to send out 550 “food survey blanks” to students living outside fraternities and dormitories, and chosen at random from the student directory. Included in this group are about 50 students from co-op houses and a few students who live in Lafayette with their parents. Each of the 550 was mailed a survey blank for the week of March 3-9, inclusive. The blank provides spaces in which to list the items included with each meal, the total cost, and the eating place. A space is also provided for the student to answer certain questions and make his own comments each day. An explanatory letter and addressed envelope for returning the blank through campus mail was included with each survey sheet. The comments on the day’s food will be of concrete value in making definite determinations concerning the quality, quantity, and cost of food eaten by Purdue students outside fraternities and residence halls. Statements made on the survey charts will be kept confidential. Without the conscientious help of the 550 students who have received the blanks, the backers of the survey can hardly arrive at a correct conclusion. If you are among this group, remember that your blank is not trivial, but may play a definite part in securing more satisfactory eating conditions for present and future students at Purdue University.
By Serge Our hats are off, to put it mildly, to the Forensic Board, Reason: M^st-Subtile-Forecasting-Of-Last-Week. At the Discussion m Fowler Hall last week—^you know, when propaganda was hacked to death—they arranged the discussers so as to place Josef Bach next to Bob Beer. Maybe that's what gave the boys across the way the idea, Romanoff. * * * This Union which we parade up and down in is a wonderful and awsome thing. Overcome by curiosity about a certain door, we opened it to discover a step leading down to a long passage. The trouble was that the first step went down for six feet directly on the other side of the door.
Purdue Exponent
ft. B. iMlqr BditeivtapCUtC W. B. Smith i. „ - .„ . Bi^ncM MMUtCW D. G. Terrio, editorial director: G. W. Frederick, manaeinff editor ;^B. M. Antonini, aenior advertisinK mai»oKcr; G. Schiluiia, co-ed editor; R. Jenkhia, aporte editor.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 27^2
Bnteced aa aeeoad daaa Baattar ai the poet ofllaa In Lafayette, Indiana, under tim aet of Oei«rcaa ef Xanh i, 1879, and at the apeoial rata of peataca prorUad Cor la section 1108, aet of October ^ 1917, aothoaiaad Janmuqr i93S. Fttbliiihcd dally except Mon^p dnria« tha raaolar academic year and weekly doriny the Snauaar Hiailnni Ddlvered locally by carrier for $8.99 per year, null anh* Scrlptioa 88.60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Fublishexs RepresentativeB, 420 Madison Ave., Mew York, N. Y. - All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director.
Night Editor, Donahue Day Editor, Simpson Ass’t. Night Editor, Smith Wednesday, March 6, 1940
(oaaTiawA
After we had picked ourself up we wandered dazedly about, watching the men remodeling the endless Union kitchens—erecting stove after stove and ice box after that. We came across one workman who was unimpressed by the glory of it all, however. He believed in the simple life. As he turned to slap a brick or two into place we saw embroidered across his back, “2 by 4 Lunch ”
us into that passage off the bowling alleys. The first light was broken. The second light was unscrewed. The third light was gone. The fourth light was 0. K., but hidden ardund a cornel. Oh well, they call them Dark Rooms anyhow.
Duiing all this activity m the kitchen, work goes on as usual. We were a bit sqeamish at first when we saw a man working with a rock drill and a cement trowel within ten feet of a gal making salads, but it solves a problem that’s bothered us for weeks. Now we know where the Union got that Concrete Dinner they served about a month ago, remember? ♦ * *
Last Saturday night our subversive activities took
The subject fascinates us, however. Yesterday we went around to see how these PHOTOGRAPHIC dark rooms are equipped. We carefully pushed open the dooi and looked in. It was dark. But on flipping the switch, what did we see? Did we see enlargers and negatives ? Did we see sinks and drying racks ? No, we did not. In that room we saw one upholstered counch, slightly used. * * “ Mr. Chairman, I wish to have PHOTOGRAPHIC stricken from the records.
Glass basketball elimination practices will be held today and tomorrow, at 4 p. m. Two practices will be required and the best players will be chosen to play in the games next Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. North hall won the intramural basketball tournament. The players of the team were; Ziegler, Pigeon, Emhoff, Kirkhoff, Walker, Chatfleld, and Rosencrans. —waa— Any girl interested may join the badminton club to be organized Friday at 4 p. m. No dues will be charged. The club may be opened to men later in the semester. The interclass riflery tournament was won by the freshman team. The juniors were in second place. Every girl who shot on her class team was awarded 100 WAA points. —^waa— WAA election primaries will be held Monday, March 11, at 4 p. m. All members are requested to attend because a quoium is necessary. —^waa— Louise Thomas, who is in charge of booths for the Penny Carnival, has been notified that the Delta Gamma’s booth will feature a “rat race.” The Chi Omegas are sponsoring a pitching pennies game. “Sock-’em-in-the-face,” a unique baseball throw will be given by the Thaeles.
TAPPING CANADA’S lANDLOCKED TREASURES. What Would you do if you had a gold mine in northern Manitoba 132 miles from the nearest railroad, trapped by bogs in summer and blizzards in winter? And needed 1500 tons of machinery before you could mine your gold? Here’s the story of how tractors have defeated Canada’s wildest country, foot by foot. Read Here Come the Cats, by morton l. bennet.
STRIKE IN THE HOSPITAL “Swell,” said Nurse Sally when Hard-Boiled Harvey told her the hospital internes were walking out in protest over rotten politics in the management. “But what will happen to our two thousand patients?”—A dramatic short stoiy of a hospital revolt, by hannah lees.
F.W.WOOLWORTH’SOPINIONOF'TITLED" FORTUNE HUNTERS. When Frank Woolworth loosed his blast against “the cheap European titled people after the American girl and her money” (see thts week's Post, page 25), he didn’t dream he’d have a granddaughter named Barbara Hutton...New chapters in Diim Store.
^ ^HE LOST HIS PIG BUT SAVED HIS BACON" “Captain, take this boy to General Jackson and have him shot.” But the General had his own way of shooting the lad Praxiteles Swan brought him. Here’s the story of the gory day nine hundred Texas bayonets clashed with Hooker’s Corps—a plunging, screaming collision. A new short story by JOHN W. THOMASON, Jr.
WHAT EUROPE WANTS FROM U.S. NEXT In the last war, for over two years, we hampered the Allies’ blockade of Germany. This time, we’re helping from the start. Will that be enough to help them win? \^y are they now maneuvering to get something more from us? Demaree Bess shows what England and France covet that we have. A news dispatch from London, Our Not-So-Secret Weapon, by demaree bess.
AND... in the same issue: A short story by Dorothy Thomas; articles by Wendell L.Willkie on F.D.R.’s Supreme Court, and Shake!, by Carl Dreher, about what California engineers are doing to fight tha earthquake menace. Also serials, editorials, cartoons. Post Scripts—all in your copy of this week’s Post.
Students! Thp l
^onfucius*^
Fot. .
^wtetoProf
Boston oj
Boston "
Avenue,
"’ay tvin thT$°oh ’
other
^ ^ prizes.
0