Purdue
Exponent
WEDNESDAY
March 29, 1939
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 150
Co-eds Will Elect YWCA, WSGA,WAAHeadsToday
Iritoii Club Will Also Pick New Oiilcets
WSGA, YWCA, and WAA will elect officers for the coming year from 8 to 5 p. m. today in the Memorial Union Building lobby. Any co-ed is eligible to vote for the Women’s Self-Gov-erning Association candidates upon presentation of her identification card. Eligible voters for Women’s Athletic Association must be members who have paid their dollar dues and who have earned a minimum of 25 points this year. Young 'Women’s Christian Association members must have paid their dollar dues before they are eligible to vote.
Candidates
Candidates for WSGA to be voted lor today are; president, Treya Berxy, Ruth Hall, Ann Bickman; secretary Peggy Terstegge, Paula Zwiertein; treasurer, Jane Black, Mary Jane Carr; junior representative, Janet Bourne, Agnes McCollough. Candidates for YWCA are: for president, Catherine Cooley, Martha Moorhead; secretary, Ruth Wattleworth, Thelma Buger; treasurer, Ruth Bryant, Edna Schwab. Candidates' for WAA are president, Barbara Roderick, Georgia Walker} vice-president, Mary Ann Reiman, Mary Louise Riley; secretary, Jane Stickler, Louise Thoman; treasurer, Jane Fishleigh, Bette Smith. New council members will be chosen by the old council at a
meeting tomorrow night. Triton Club Election Election of Triton Club officers will be held in connection with the WSGA, WAA, and YWCA elections. All members of Triton Club are eligible to vote at the Triton Club desk, which will be located next to the WAA desk. Candidates nominated for offices are; president, Betty Spears, Janette Morris; vice-president, Janet Major, Esther Kirkhoff; secretarytreasurer, Gaby D. Roe, Thelma
Jane Cox.
Officers elected today will be installed at a meeting of Triton Club tomorrow evening at 7:30 in the Women’s Gym. Initiation will also be held at this meeting.
Disband Student Senate/ Moves Elliott;
Plans For Reorganization Now Underway
By H. I. Stanback “I move we disband the Purdue Student Senate” calmly proposed Student Senate President Gerald Elliott last night during a Senate meeting held in the conference room of the Executive Building. Elliott had preceded this motion with a lengthy oration in which he had pointed out many evidences of what he termed “student opinion of the small importance of the Senate.” -
Elliott presented many convincing arguments in favor of his motion— but he never intended for it to be passed. Instead, he later admitted, Elliott sprang this bombshell in the middle of a prosaic meeting for the express purpose of building a fire under his oi’ganization. He did not desire the destruction of his organization; he merely wanted a quick, drastic change in its methods and procedures of action.
Bridge Tournament Team Entries Are Due
Motion Takes Effect
The motion had immediate effect. Seconded with lightning swiftness, it incurred long and passionate debate both pro and con. Several senators were frankly disgusted with the council’s past record and its “traditional sluggishness.” Others defended the Senate, pointing out that this organization could never show quantities of concrete results or merit streamer headlines.
Entries in the annual all-campus bridge tournament are due at the west Union desk no later than tomorrow noon, yesterday announced Marge Stocker and Jim Williamson, Union vice-presidents in charge. Any four students may compose a team and enter the tournament, which will start after spring vacation.
An award will be presented following each of the four weekly sessions. The tournament is open free to all bridge players on the campus.
There was a discussion on whether the Senate should be a service organization or merely act as a representative body for University students. Opinion was again divided.
Campus Photos Due Before Saturday
After nearly an hour’s discussion a motion was made to table Gerald Elliott’s disbandment proposal for a week. Motion defeated.
Prints of candid campus scenes for the 1939-40 freshman handbook must be turned in to the Student Senate office m room A of the Union before Saturday. The pictures may be handed in any afternoon at 4 o’clock.
Unanimous Disapproval After considei’able more discussion which threw many red herrings across the trail, the original motion of Elliott was called to a vote. Unanimous disapproval was its fate.
Finally the suggestion everyone was waiting for was made, as a senator proposed that a small committee be formed to draw up plans for complete reorganization of the Senate. No particular avenue of attack on this problem was assigned to this committee, bpt they must report to the complete Senate in less than a month, so some action may be expected before tlie end of this semester.
Stag Line
Members of the reorganization committee are; R. L. Reily, chaii*man, R. I. Schumacher, H. F. Fishburn, W. A. Hart, R. A. Dilts, Margaret Mitchell, and M. S. Estey.
Kullman Will Sing Tonight Before Seniors, heshmen
ers drink not for the taste, but for the effect obtained,” said Dr. Albion R. King, dean of men at Cornell College, Mount Vernon, la., in his address to students and townspeople last night in Stanley Coulter Hall.
Con VO Artist
He explained in more detail that the old idea that drinking is done to drown sorrow is about as close a statement to fact as cdn be made. To prove this. Dr. King cited the example of the increase in the brewery business whenever economic or social problems face the public. King is one of the outstanding authorities on the “Psychology of Drunkenness” and bases his treatment of the liquor problem on material from technical journals and experimentation. An open forum was held at the Wesley Foundation yesterday afternoon, where King spoke on the subject of ,drinking.
Charles Kullman
Modern Dance Group Will Perform Before
Forty-Seven Men
Midwest PE Meeting
In Training Course Finish Solo Flights
Seventeen members of the Modern Dance Group will dance tomorrow at the midwest meeting of the American Physical Education Association in the Washington High School auditorium at Indianapolis. At the morning session of the convention the group will demonstrate approaches to methods of composing a dance. This demonstration will illustrate the lecture to be given by Miss Helen Knight of the physical education department. At the evening convention meeting, the Purdue group will present several numbers in the recital being given by dance groups from 11 midwest colleges. Other schools represented will be Northwestern, Indiana, Indiana State, Ball State, Ohio State, Wisconsin, Michigan, West Virginia, University of Cincinnati, and Clara Mather College in Cleveland, 0. Girls who will go to Indianapolis are Dorothy Newman, Mary Frances Oliver, Ann Sickman, Mary Lee Hickman, Janice Meldahl, Margaret MacBride, Barbara Gibbs, Lucy Demoret, Marybelle Halstead, Joann Potter, Lucille Osborn, Thelma Emig, Lenore Hofer, Lois Simpson, Roberta Alderman, Joann Yeager, and Barbara Lommen. Ann Sickman is president of the Modern Dance Group.
Those who have soloed recently are S. B. Best, Berwyn, 111.; G. W. Brewer, Beverly, Mass.; J. B. Bowen, Prairie Creek; J. W. Chi’isty, Indianapolis; E.L. Conn, Hammond; E. W. Errickson, Princeton, N. J..; H. S. Fall, Indianapolis; J. T. Haller, Orange, N. J.; G. T. Henderson, Alliance, 0.; D. E. McCoy, Greencastle; L. H. Stephen, Redkey; R. H. Williams, Kendallville; and E. J. Aber, Racine, Wis.
Several federal inspectors representing the Civil Aeronautics Authority are expected here today to examine a number of students in the course who will attempt to qualify for the Private Pilot’s Rating.
Freshman Camera Fans
Will Meet Tomorrow At 4
Alpha Chi Rho..
The pictures will not only be used for the handbook but also for other University publications. Each print used will be given acknowledgement in the publication in which it is used. All those submitting prints must write their name on the reverse of each picture handed in.
. . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers; President, Kenneth Houston, Milwaukee; vice-president, William Dunshee, Glencoe, 111.; ritual officer, G. W .Frederick, Elkhart; chaplain, J. R. Mann, Indianapolis; treasurer, R. Squires, Richmond; secretary, M. E. Keane, Chicago, 111.; sergeant at arms, George Baluk, Gary; mentor of pledges, M. D. Neptune, River Forest, 111.; chapter correspondent, R.A. Spraker, Shoi'ewood, Wis.; and executive committee membcfr-at-large, A. V. Gaulke, Hales Corners, Wis.
A meeting for all freshmen interested in photography will be held tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the reception room of the Union. Sponsored jointly by the Debris photography staff and Camera Club, the meeting will be open to both eds and co-eds who are interested either in Camera Club or in Debris work.
Bob Dyer and Don Wray, co-pho-togyaphy editors of Debris, will be in chai’ge of the meeting, and will explain the type of photography which freshmen handle on the staff. Following spring vacation, weekly meetings will be held which will serve as a school for those interested. Speakers will be “imported” as a pai’t of the training program during the remainder of the semester.
'Best Dressed' Prizes On Display At Union Desk; Two More Days Remain In Contest
. . . will be unlimited at the PIA tea dance tomorrow afternoon starting at 4 o’clock in the Union ballroom. Cutting will be allowed between dances only, and recordings for each dance will be announced two dances before the number is to be played.
There is really some concrete inducement for ye cagey eds to polish up a bit, shown by the group of clothing prizes that are now on display over the west Union desk.
■s Appears At 8 O'clock In Gym; Juniors, Sophomores Admitted Tomorrow Night
Hailed as the leading tenor of the Metropolitan Opera Association, Charles Kullman will make his initial campus appearance at tonight’s convocation starting at 8 o’clock in Memorial Gym and will sing again tomorrow night. Seniors, freshmen, and staff members with green cards will be admitted tonight, while juniors, sophomores, and staff members with blue tickets will be given admission tomorrow. Tickets for townspeople will be sold at the door both nights for one dollar each. -
Known as the first Yale University man to enter the Metropolitan Opera, Kullman was born in New Haven in 1903. He entered Yale with the intention of becoming a surgeon, but his performance as a soloist with the Yale Glee Club was brought to the'attention of musical experts, who were successful in persuading him to abandon surgery. Kullman made his European debut
Foi’ty-seven of the 50 men enrolled in the flight training course under the Civil Aeronautics Authority have made solo flights, it was announced yesterday by Capt. Aretz, in charge of flight instruction. Thirteen of these took to the air alone within the last week.
A reception for Kullman will be held in the main lounge of the Union Building immediately following tonight’s convocation. Student Union officials are in charge of the reception, and invite all students and townspeople to attend.
Purdue Independent Association members will be ailmitted upon presentation of membership cards, and an admission charge of 10 cents will be made to non-members. All coeds will be admitted free.
Contest judges, Di*. S. J. Miller, head of the University Health Service, and Bernard Schmidt and R. H. Crowder, of the English department, have been keeping a watchful eye for those eds who seem to be most interested in winning the $12 Cravonette all-weather campus rain coat as first prize for the campus’ best dressed man.
In addition to the wet weather garment, four other awards will be made. They include a white McGreggor sleeveless sweater, a green spring style Aetna Hat made especially to any Cagey Ed suitability, a Manhattan shirt and tie to match, and an Arrow shirt and tie. Only two more days remain for the ovei’-di’essed student to wash his neck and put on a clean collar each morning. The contest ends tomorrow evening and the winners will be announced in the Exponent Friday morning.
in “Madame Butterfly,” but the high point of his career came in 1935 when he made his initial appearance in America. Kullman ,has done much radio work, about which he is very enthusiastic. To date he has appeared on the Ford and General Motors Hours, in addition to giving several recitals. His initial appearance in this country was a rousing success, and he was brought back from the wings several times by tumultuous applause. The program for convocation tonight and tomorrow is as follows: I. Where’er You Walk (from Semele) Handel Gia il sole dal Gange Scarlatti When Dull Care Old English II. ^^Wohin J. Schubert ' Der Musensohn Schubert Morgen R. Strauss Cacilie R. Strauss III. ' Fantasia in C Minor J. S. Bach Ai'abesque Schumann Golliwog’s Cake Walk .... Debussy (Mr. Kitzinger) Intermission IV. Invito all danza Respighi Nebbie Respighi Serenata Tosti La donna e mobile (from Rigoletto) Verdi V. When I Bring You Colored Toys Carpenter Charming Chloe German Mai’y and the Kitten Bryan Do Not Go, My Love Hageman Love Went A-Rding Bridge (Fritz Kitzinger at the piano) Hass Gives Address On Organic Chemistry “Since the evolution of organic chemistry in 1828, we have worked to a point where we can make a pair of silk hose from a lump of black coal,” said Dr. Henry B. Hass, head of the chemistry department, last night as he spoke to about 50 students, staff members, and friends of the Student Engineering Council on “Evolution of Organic Chemistry.” This was the third in a series of lectures sponsored by the Engineering Council, and was held in the Union reception room. In the field of organic chemistry about 300,000 compounds, all having a different name, are known. Speaking of oil production, Hass stated that the United States possessed two-thirds of world production.
Jacobi, Lown To Lay Cornerstone Of New
Chem Building Friday
J. H. Jacobi, AIChE president, and E. K. Lown, AIME president, will lay the cornerstone of the new Chemical Engineering Building Friday afternoon at 1:30 o’clock. They will deposit an 8x12x4 inch copper box in the cornerstone before it is mortared in place. The box will contain pictures of the chemical and metallurgical engineering staffs and of the present members of the two engineering organizations, copies of the Exponents contalining stories about the building, and other similar matei-ial. Tentative plans are for the chemical and metallurgical engineering students to be released from class at 1:30 for the ceremonies, according to Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the chemical engineering school. Definite plans for the cornerstone laying will be announced Friday morning.
Choir Gives Cantata For Second Time
“The Crucifixion” by John Stainer, one of the best known of the Easter cantatas, was presented last night in Fowler Hall before approximately 900 listeners. The cantata was under the direction of A. P. Stewart, director of choral organizations, and was also given Monday night. George Osborn opened the program with an organ prelude, followed by the choir and orchestra. Soloists for cantata were Marvin Smith and Paul Worcester, tenors; Wallace Woodward, Charles Powell, and Donald Pyke, baritones; and Van W. Coddington and Robert Elk, basses.
A large lighted cross was hung high above the stage, while the stage itself was siuTounded with palms.
ASME Gives Dinner
Tonight In Ballroom
Indiana section of the ASME will hold a dinner meeting in the Union ballroom tonight at 6 o’clock. Three student members will give 15 minute talks. J. K. Bryan will speak on “Smoke Preventioh,” D. C. Harvey on “The Cone Worm Gear,” and W.R. Rhodehamel on “100 Octane Gasoline.” The winner will represent the University in Chicago on April 17. All members are urged by the committee to attend the meeting even though they are not able to attend the dinner preceding the meeting.
'Journey's End'.
... cast for Playshop’s next pi-oduc-tion will be announced Thiu'sday, according to" word received yestw^ day from director John Dietrich. Tryoijts for the parts were held yesterday afternoon in Fowler Hall.
■a, f ' ‘ ‘ ^- _ V I ,^ , ' -t> <>^'<i}|'''‘%jY./i->-'»' . ^‘>- <•,!■ .,v.r' ^ /'’*^^'1._ ‘k'^‘) y- ♦ ’’’ ’'
£dihfuaL
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
3>SUduJUUL
!i
Wednesday, Morch 29, 1939
"Disband The Senate",.. . . . urged that organization’s president, Gerald Elliott, last night—but he didn’t really mean it. He didn’t make this startling proposal in jest, however, for he had a coldly calculated purpose in view. Elliott is dissatisfied with the way the Senate is working. “Sluggish, unimportant, powerless,” he described his student council. For the sake of accomplishing his aims Elliott purposely overemphasized his aggravations . . . but other senators showed themselves to agree on every point. (A news story account of the meeting last night appears on the first page of today’s paper). Endless discussion followed the motion which Elliott himself had preceded with a long build-up. Many questions were raised. Senators divided, some defending, some accusing their organizg,tion. Net result of the whole meeting was that- wheels were set in motion to accomplish what Elliott wanted when he stuck his chin out. The Senate finally decided to appoint a committee which will attempt some rather drastic reorganization or modification of that council’s structure. One important sideline question was raised during the discussion. Should the Senate be a service organization or should it merely represent the student body in questions that arise spontaneously? We firmly believe the Senate is and should be a service organization. Its purpose is to represent the best interests of the students in the various schools. In this capacity the Senate should have the power to initiate and carry through legislation of its own inspiration. It should feel justified on occasion to vote against the wishes of the majority of the student body. It might easily happen that the majority of Purdue eds and co-eds would indolently desire something that would be devastatingly damaging to a minority group. A committee has been appointed to go to work on the Senate’s own structure. We believe they will accomplish some of their assignment soon. They must report in less than a month, and should have some plans developed by then.. The campus then may expect to have a different sort of governing body by the end of this semester. We don’t think it will be a revolutionary change necessarily, but at least it will be a recognizable alteration. In our opinion Senate should be^a compromise between a full-time activity organiza-
the Purdue Exponent Entered aa aeeond elasa matter at the poat office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congreae of March 8, 1879, and at the apeclal rate of poetaee prorlded for In aection 1108, act of October 8, 1917, anthorlaed January 20, 1022. Pobllshcd daily except Monday dnrlngr the resrnlar academic year and weekly dorlnir the Summer Seaslon. Dellyered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mall anbacrlptlon $8.60.
Editor-In-Cluef. Business Manager..
H. I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBUCATION STAFF Manayinx Editor — L. S. Hardin City Editor. .D. A. Bailey Aasociate Editora G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, B. E. Insley, W. A. Enieplln, D. O. Terrlo, J. C. Woodson Sophomore Assistants—R. Ahlf, R. Beer, R. DeHoog, R. Donahue, P. Ganzar, D. Heiple, R. Howard, G. Leber, R. Massey, J. McKee, C. McKeighan, M. Miers, M. Patterson, R. Taylor, K. Thompson, J. Willsey, A.
Yates.
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant BuMnesa Manager M. C. Reeyca Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antoninl Circulation Manager W. P. Berg Sales Manager.- V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager. W. B. Smith Art Director D. J. Heni^inger
CO-ED STAFF
Editor. Sally McKee
Associate Editors
Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, BetW Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6038
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldbonse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers ’Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago ' Boston * Los Angeles - San Fsancisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AU opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewxioint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-^iet.
Night Editor—Terrio Issue Editor—Leber Wednesdav, March 29, 1939
^tsdhiM to the Editor
Letters accepted for pnhUeation In this eolumn must be aeeompanled by the writer’s signature and shonld be limited to IN werb In lengOE.
To the Editor: Our attention has been called to your edition of March 17, in which appears a “letter to the editor” signed by T. J. R. Stephens, H. Lux, and A. M. Reguly. This letter discusses the noon program which is broadcast over WBAA and olfers some criticism and suggestions as to how, in the opinion of the writer the program might be benefitted. We wish to answer this letter in your column, since we feel that it might convey to some of your readers the idea that we are reluctant to cooperate as was suggested. We and all members of our organization are interested in the Purdue broadcasting station and their programs. We stand ready and willing at all times to cooperate in any way that includes the loan of any Victor records from our stock that may be useful in completing a broadcast program. We do not feel that the authors of the previous letter intended to direct criticism to us, but we do wish our attitude in the matter to be fully understood by all. C. B. Gildersleeve, The Foster Shop. Sophomores May Hand In Military Books For Credit Sophomores taking military training may turn ip all of their military textbooks with exception of “The Motor Vehicle Manual” for 50 per j2ent credit, Capt. E. V. Holmes, military department supply officei, announced yesterday. He said, however, “The books must be in a serviceable condition.” In addition, according to this new ruling, any military student who leave school or diops military training may also turp in his texts for the 50 per cent credit, it was announced.
Debate Team Meets Western Teachers' Purdue’s debate team of Mack White and Dick Springgate met the Western State Teachers’ College team, composed of John Verhagen and Lawrence Grosser, in a non decision debate yesterday afternoon in the Home Economics Building auditorium. Their question was, “Resolved: That the United States should cease using public funds (including credit) for the purpose of stimulating business.” The debate, which was arranged by the debate division of the speech department, was one of a series planned for the regular members of the university debating team. Judge of the contest was Robert Horn of the speech department. Chief issues of the debate centered around a stormy discussion of public works spending and relief administration and its relation to business recovery. Beckley Speaks To Science Honorary “Discipline is the submergence of self in the unit, an immediate, and prompt, loyal response to the command,” stated Captain S. A. Beckley of the military department last night at a meeting of Delta Rho Kappa, science honorary, held in the old chestnut room of the Union. Refreshments of coffee and doughnuts were served after Captain Beckley’s talk. R. R. Hannas, president of the organization, introduced the speaker. Honorary keys which were ordered may now be obtained from Martin Estey. Theta Chi... . . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers; John Vernon, president; Kirk Dinkins, vice-president; Richard Richwine, secretary; Sam Weldy, treasurer; Burt Wright, house manager; Hugh DeValle, steward; Roger Bone librarian; Charles Pinkerton, historian; Ned Ochiltree, chaplain; Fred DeWitt, guard; Harold Rodenburg, second guard.
^JJim and
By Georgana SehiBIng
tion and a representative body. We proposed a plan earlier this year for the Fraternity Presidents’ Council which is an example of such a compromise. The Presidents’ Council and the Senate are very similar at present and have similar work to do. We believe that both these groups are neglecting their jobs because of inherent defects in their organization set up, and that both could adopt a fulltime activity staff to good advantage.
Hello again. Have you been to a convo this week ? Singing by groups on Monday and Tuesday nights, singing by an opera singer tonight and tomorrow night. A bit of concentrated music don’t you think? —H-H— One of the chief questions among the eds around here this week is “Ai*e you going to Gold Peppers Dance?” For Friday night’s shindig is a co-ed bid affair to which gals, for some reason or other, invite guys to be their dancing partners. If you happen to have been one of those “men of the hour” who has snagged an invitation for Friday night, you may have been asked for any one of the several following I’easons . . . _H-H— You may be a “Good Hook.” Then you have probably been asked by one of the smart little girls who looks ahead toward all the spring formals, the Prom, and other gala affairs she hopes to get to. So she entertains you hoping you’ll return the courtesy. —H-H— Or you may be a victim of a “rebound girl”—a lass who has been disappointed in her love life and i« out for revenge. She thinks it Will help to be seen in your company. It may start a spark of that old flame burning. —H-H— Then there are some co-eds who conscientiously wish to repay their indebtedness. So if you have taken them dining, wining, and dancing, they will repay you by asking you out too. Or you may get to the dance for some other trivial reason—^because you dance especially well, or your eyes are brown, or your hair cui'ly. —H-H— Lastly, you may be invited by a little goldfish—a gal who takes you everywhere, whether you ever take her Prom trotting or not. Her motive? Well, we don’t know; but she is probably in love with you, confidentially. #
Della Chi...
. . . social fi'aternity announces the election of following officers; Milt Riddiford, pi’esident; Bud Stamm, vice-president; Gene Johnson, secretary; Marvin Keller, corresponding secretary; George Henderson, sheiiff.
uiRn^itt T ACT' •TEAV
stms'lag CRAWFOiD -Z%e.STEWART L«w AYRES • UwlsST^NE Intoznatioxuil lorn FoSUm**, STARTS TOMORROW A RACING PICTURE TO MAKE YOUR HEART POUND WITH THE EXCITING GLAMOUR OF THE TRACK . . .
DOLORES COSTELLO
GRIN AND BEAR U
By Licbty
We, the members of the ROOBDE (Royal order of better dressed ^ds) hereby request that a certain cutie (?) with the initials of LOUIS PREYMAN be automatically eliminated from the Better Dressed Ed contest for the following reasons: 1. It is a breach of etiquette to wear a tux before 6 p. m. 2. A red carnation should be worn instead of a white one. 3. It is incorrect to wfear a fuzzy Homberg with a tux. 4. Winged-toe shoes are not worn with a tux.
Considei'ing these four serious breaches of proper dress, no matter how much said contestant thinks he is, has much to learn about what is correct. The poor boy is to be pitied rather than criicized for his poor taste. —Committee On Standards.
SAD STORY— Her was turn’s girl He are she’s fellow Each like themselves Love are it mellow. She’s father hate he. Kick like mule on fellow Seat from trousers is dent Love ain’t so mellow. —Voice of Experience. Now we have real Floyd Gibbons in our midst . . . not saying, of course, that he’s on the ball like Floyd . . . can’t figure out exactly just how WATSON hurt his eye, we’ll wager that he wasn’t doing what he oughter! WANTED—Two plus twenty coeds on the campus to escort eds to Gold Peppers . . . anything goes. Leave names at B and B box. —Lonely Hearts Club. Wild Dick NORTH has drunk his fill At the Blazer, gill by gill But now he’s going back to ma— So goodbye, Bock . . . WARNING—If we don’t get contributions, we’ll begin blackmail . . so . . . how’s about it, chum(p) ? ? ? I’ll love you dear, until I die— And spice it all with laughter. I’ll be true as long as you are— But not a minute after!
Tired as nuthing . . . off we go to lecture . . . Thank heaven for that sweet essence of one hour sleeping.
“Of course, I hope what I told you about her isn’t true !— She’s my best friend, you know!” 'Soybeans Are America's Professor Rabi Will Talk Number One Crop'-Cutler On 'Magnets' Tonight
“Soybeans are America’s best grain crop at the present time,” said Dr. G. H. Cutler of the agronomy department yesterday afternoon at the closing session of the seventh annual University Grain Grading School. Cutler said that the grain is now at a high price because European nations are demanding it for industrial uses. Kellar Beeson, also of the agronomy department, told about 26 elevator operators the falsehood of the belief that hybrid corn shelled out less than open pollinated corn. He explained that hybrid com actually shelled out as much, and sometimes more, than the open pollinated corn. Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department, speaking on “Insect Control in Stored Grain,” explained that the grainman must learn the difference between grain weevil and grain beetle if they are going to successfully control them.
ARC
-LAST DAY— GEORGE RAFT DOROTHY LAMOUR — IN — "SPAWN OF THE NORTH" — and — BOB STEELE — IN — "DOOMED AT SUNDOWN"
ALSO 'Spider's Web/
Serial
THURSDAY-FRIDAY SATURDAY REFORMATORY PURPLE VIGILANTES FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS
LU^ — LAST DAY — RAY MILLAND OLYMPE BRADNA
'SAY IT IN FRENCH" — AND — LOUISE RAINER PAULETTE GODDARD — In — 'DRAMATIC SCHOOL'
THUR.-FRI.-SAT. WILLIAM BOYD — in — "SUNSET TRAIL" — AND — BRUOE CABOT — In — 'HOMICIDE BUREAU'
20e UNTIL 6MQ After 6:00: 10c-20c-25c
MaiiI
NOW SHOWING
Here's THE Picture To See!
im lUNNI CEAmEDm ^ \Asitk
MARIA OUSPENSKAYA . LEE BOWMAN The ASTRIO AILYWYN beouhlo' » j MAURICE MOSCOVICH Produced and Directed by LEO McCAREY
EXTRA News Shots of Big Ten Swimming Meet
mads
LAST DAY
JEFFREY LYNH ROLAND YOUNO FAY BAINTER ROBSON
OEUtVIEVE TOBIN ♦ IAM HUNTER » fcr
TOMORROW-FRIDAY
THE ACTION.
THE excitement:! ^
of a year's adventures in your favorite comit strip now packed into one thrilling hour on the screen! TheAdvmtmvs of JM1EAR9M ROSELLA TOWNE YOU chose her tor (he rele
■1 i
'
Prof. I. I. Rabi, of Columbia University, will talk on “The Investigation of Nuclear And Atomic Magnetic Moments” in the Physic Build- ^ ing lecture room at 7:30 tonight. Professor Rabi has carried out a ^ series of important investigations on the magnetic properties of individual molecules, atoms, and nuclei. His methods, after five years f of experimentation, promise to be of increasing usefulness in the study of molecular and nucluear stucture. ,Wednesday, March 29, 1939
THE PUBDUE
Boilermaker Grid Teams Have Made Impressive Record Over 52-Year Span
First Grid Team Had Never Seen Game; Were Christened 'Boilermakers' In 1889
By Robert J. Deckard
More than five decades have passed into history since inception of football at Purdue and through all these years the teams that have represented the Old Gold and Black have battled so valiantly and successfully that Purdue has always had a place in the foremost ranks of the pigskin world. At times it has been V acknowledged as the leader in western football. With the spread of college spirit and enthusiasm for athletics that marked the decade of the Gay Nineties, came the desire on the part of a few students to organize a football team. Other western colleges had taken up the sport but the University had
been slow to fall in line. Late in the fall of '86, invitations
were received asking that a team be sent to Indianapolis to play in a series of games with Hanover, Butler, Franklin and Wabash, which were the only teams in the state at that time. Because of the lateness of the season and lack of interest nothing
was attempted that year. School Colors Chosen
With the opening of the next college year some enthusiasm was manifested which later on took definite form in the organization of an athletic club. A subscription was circulated to raise money and a manager was selected with power to employ a coach. The colors of old gold and black were first suggested and selected as the official colors of
the school.
The forming of a team from a body of students, none of whom, with two exceptions had ever seen a game, was no small task and weeks passed with very little accomplished. A coach was secured in the person of Albert Berg, a mute from the National Deaf and Dumb Institute at Washington, D. C.,'who had had some previous training at
the game.
Although he understood the game fairly well, he was, by reason of his natural defects, unable to handle and train a raw team. No two men on the team that met for practice interpreted the rules in the same way and the coach’s interference only complicated matters. Delays were numerous but at last out of the chaotic mass of aspirants the first Purdue University football team was^ evolved. ^ First Canvas Uniforms The problem of obtaining suitable uniforms for the team was enormous. After weeks of deliberation, the manager resorted to a German tailor in Lafayette for making the Suits. Brown canvas formed the material for pants while the jackets , were made from bed-ticking, with wide stripes which ran perpendicular. Heavy caps were made from yam for it was firmly believed that butting would be a big feature of
Squad Of 23 Men Football Squad Prepares Will Make Spring r i-i *. j-v • Baseball Journey Exhibitions At Clinic
the game and these would serve as a protection. Measurements were taken for the suits although no amount of trading or changing could overcome the defects in the fit. With such a combination no delineator of pantomime or farce-com-edy ever dared to rival them. The first game was played in 1887, Only one game was played this season and that ended in a humiliating defeat at the hands of Butler. This so humbled the team and wrecked the hopes of Purdue’s football supporters that no attempt was made the following year to con-
struct an eleven.
Christened Boilerrtiakers In ’89 the second football eleven was organized and in the first game DePauw was defeated by the score of 34 to 10. Purdue laid the Wabash Little Giants low in the next game by an 18 to 4 score. For the first time Purdue’s gridiron warriors received the name “Boilermakers.” Other epithets were “hay makers,” “log haulers,” and “pump-
kin shuckers.”
Tru»to expectations the team of 1891 won its games with Indiana, Wabash, DePauw and Butler by overwhelming scores and without allowing their opponents a single tally. The team of ’92 became noted far and wide hs the greatest organization in the West and held the enviable position of being the strongest team on any field that year. Eight games in all were played by the champions and a total of 312 points were rolled by them as against the 18 points for their oppo-
nents.
During the six years following, Purdue managed to break even in the winnings although soipe of her opponents were turning the scales and making up for past defeats at the hands of the Boilermakers. The seasons of ’00, ’01, and ’02 showed a big slump in Purdue’s strength and her grip on the state championship title was completely lost. The, following year was wrapped in the' deepest gloom and will be long remembered as Purdue’s great-
LAST CALL
to remind you that it’s time to have your
EASTER CLEANING done before you leave for home.
DON’T TAKE SOILED CLOTHES HOME FOR MOTHER TO CLEAN! Let her enjoy your vacation with you! She will much appreciate your thoughtfulness of her comfort. And everyone will have a better time! Call us NOW.
Phone 3085
American! Dependable Dry Cleanera
Phi Kappa Tau Leads In Greek Scrap For Participation Trophy With a little over half of the events in this year’s competition for the annual interfraternity participation trophy already recorded on the books of the intramural department, Phi Kappa Tau holds a slim lead for the top position with a total of 443 points. Close behind the leaders Delta Chi, with 440 points, is firmly entrenched in second place. Third and fourth places are held by Phi Kappa Sigma and Sigma Alpha Mu with 436 and 435 participation points respectively. Fourteen of the 25 events that were scheduled for interfraternity participation this year have already been run off. Among the remaining events are baseball, outdoor track, river swim, horseshoes, rifle, volleyball, and tennis. Carl W. Piper... . . . died recently at his home in Cincinnati, 0. Piper was for 10 years an instructor in electrical engineering at Purdue, and retired in 1920.
est sorrow. The ill-fated team of ’03 started out with bright prospects but the feeling of joyful anticipation gave way to most poignant grief when, on the morning of the game with Indiana the section bearing the Varsity was wrecked while running in the suburbs of Indianapolis, Ten players were killed and 28 were injured in the worst catastrophe of Purdue history. In ’04 and ’05 the Boilermakers were able to run up a big total on their opponents and their one time glory seemed to be returning again. Although winning three games, Purdue lost the two games with Indiana and Illinois and did not make a big mark in athletics in 1908. The Boilermakers made a genuine bid for the Western Conference crown in ’13, downing three and tying two in hard-fought contests. Victories over Northwestern 34 to 6 and Indiana 23 to 13 brought the ’14 season to a fairly successful close. , Phelan Comes to Purdue Purdue’s smiling gridiron mentor, Jimmy Phelan, came to the Boilermakers’ institution from Missouri in the fall of 1922 to take over the reins of a poorly organized team and by the end of the season managed to get the eleven well enough in control to tie Indiana 7 to 7 which saved the ’22 season from being a complete disaster. The Boilermakers returned to pre-war form in 1924 when the Pur(See FOOTBALL, page 4, col. 1)
For a large assortment of Milano Pipe Styles, see H. G. “Deac” Reisner
As the training period enters its final week before the southern trip, the diamondmen are endeavoring to keep up the slugging that highlighted last Saturday’s intra-squad game. Although weakness at the plate is usually the nemesis of most college nines, the Riveter batsmen pounded out a total of 22 hits for both teams, the winning team collecting 16 and the losers eight. The increased batting power is very gratifying to Coach Fehring, but he states that there is still a need for more team spirit and pep. Competition among the players is at a high peak this week as each is trying to be one of the “lucky 23” who make up the squad heading south. Of that number, seven are pitchers. The automobile excursion will leave Lafayette on Friday afternoon, spending the night at Evansville. The following night will find'the Boilermaker contingent in Little Rock, Ark. The first game is scheduled with Louisiana State in Baton Rouge on Monday, April 3. Driving the five automobiles that will carry the squad southward are as follows: Prof. W. B. Sanders of the applied mechanics department; Prof. C. S. Doan of the mathematics department, who is also the manager of ticket sales; Joe Waling, first baseman on last year’s team; Lon Mann, athletic trainer; and Dutch Fehring, coach. Accompanying the squad is Carmen Hill, former ace pitcher of the Pittsburgh Pirates, who will have charge of the Riveter pitchers . Track Men Chill In Early Spring Drill For Meets In April By Dill Kept on their toes by chilly winds that have been sweeping Ross-Ade Stadium, Boilermaker track men continue practice for their first outdoor meet, April 15, against Michigan State. On April 22 they will meet Wayne University and the following week-end will run in Drake Relays. Distance events are taken care of by Captain Art Bodeau, Big Ten half mile champ; Alden Knapp, dependable miler; and Ed Holder man, sophomore miler who finished in fourth place in the Big Ten indoor mile at Chicago. These three men all capable of taking places in the Big Ten championships. Jake Weber, sophomore basketball player, should prove a valuable addition in the field events. On his first night out after the basketball season he heaved the discus 120 feet. Kessler remains the best shot-putter on the squad. Red Shackleton, Steve Luther, and J. L. Simmons have been running the mile relay and the 440 in indoor meets. If Shackleton is no longer bothered with a spike injury, it is hoped that he will develop into one of the Big Ten’s best. Coach Hermon Phillips has nothing to worry about in the hurdle events, for Steve Gutting has been running with consistently good times. E. J. Wadleigh is the most promising dash man of the team.
Recent Grid Drills Reveal Coaches Will Gather
Improvement; Halfback Welsch Displays Fireworks
By Joe Dolan Last evening, the Purdue practice field was the scene of a typical Purdue practice session, but at the same time it was a stage being used by a grid actor, a “has been,” on his way back to the ranks of the regular troupe, and what a comeback he was making. The so-called “hasbeen,” big Jim Welsch, a 200 pound halfback from New York, is a junior on the squad, and during the past two seasons he fell into a period of lethargy after a great freshman season. But during the past two weeks of practice the Welsch lad has worked himself up from the ranks of approximately the sixth team to the “first string” backfield composed of Brock, Hennis, Welsch and Petty; however, there is no four men on the Purdue team who can be written of as the “first string backfield.” He’s A Western Cyclone During the past two weeks, Jim Welsch has been on a running, passing, blocking, and tackling campaign that has resembled a cyclohe. And during last flight’s drill, the big New Yorker scored time after time on long runs to indicate he is making a comeback that is but a ti’ifle short of spectacular. If Welsch continues to perform in his present gridiron manner, he’s going to be right in there pitching with the best of them next fall—IF he continues his present spirit. Linemen Show Up Well Along with the improving appearance of some of the backs, the linemen, especially Thursby, Rankin, Santow, Rush, Bykowski, Morningstar, Timperman, Potter, and Axton are showing good conditioning for this period of spring practice. Squash Team Ends Season With 2-2 Tie Pui'due’s squash team ended its season last Saturday with a match with the four wall team of the University of Michigan, the contest ending in a 2-2 tie. The meet was held at Ann Arbor. Victorious for the Boilermakers were Eberhard over Strackling of Michigan, and Morley over Barnes, of the Wolverines. The two matches won by the host team were over Missmore and Faut, of Purdue. In an invitational squash meet held Saturday at Indianapolis, Catain Sokolowski went to the finals but lost to Hy Laugsenkamp. Ag Education Club Eleds Brewer New President At a meeting last night in the Union Building, 60 students in the vocational education option of the agriculture school met to reorganize the Agricultural Education Society which has been inactive on the campus for the last six years. L. W. Sears conducted the elections of officers. Earl Brewer, Urmey McConnell, and L. W. Sample were elected president, vice-presi-den/t, and secretary-treasurer respectively. The next meeting of the club will be Thursday, April 13.
During the first half of the current fiscal year, Princeton University has received gifts totalling $1,109,761. /
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF S<|1JA1IE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
VAUGHAN'S' LAWN GRASS ^ VIGORO FOR YOUR LAWNS LAWN ROLLER FOR RENT EDGERTON HARDWARE Phone 4354 We Deliver
Here This Week-End For Football Clinic Coaches numbering between 400 and 500 representing at least seven of the midwestem states will gather on the campus Friday and Saturday for the eighth annual Purdue Football Clinic. Leo “Dutch” Meyer, of Texas Christian, and Charles Bachman of Michigan State, will join with outstanding high school mentors and members of the Boilermaker staff in covering in a practical manner the various phases of the gridiron
sport.
Mailliard Will Speak Mai Elward, University football coach, has arranged the two day session and engaged the following speakers for Friday morning: Ralph J. Mailliard, St. Ignatius, Chicago, 111.; Pierre Hill, Harding High School, Warren, 0. To open the afternoon session. Dr. Gordon A. Thomas, Purdue’s team physician, and Lbn Mann, the trainer, will combine in a demonstration and discussion of methods of preventing and treating injuries. Banquet On Friday On Friday evening the annual coaches’ banquet will be held with W. L. Surface, of Seymour, president of the Indiana Coaches* Association, acting as toastmaster. Banquet speakers will be President E. C. Elliott and the visiting collegiate coaches, Meyer and Bachman. In Saturday morning’s session, Ivan A. Hollen, of Owensville, will discuss the development of six-man football teams in Indiana. The conference will close in the afternoon with a regulation inter-squad game between two picked Boilermaker elevens under the rules that will prevail next fall. Relief Pitcher
When recording brain waves for study. University of Southern California’s Dr. L. E. Travis amplifies them 300,000 times.
Mace Brown, the relief pitcher, who almost pitched the Pirates into the National League championship last summer and one of the best hitting pitchers in the big leagued, and who will be in town April 15, to test his ability of showmanship against the Purdue nine. Pittsburgh Pirates i Trounce Frisco, 12-2 Pittsburgh’s Pirates walloped the San Francisco Pacific Coast League team 12-2 yesterday aftei'noon in an exhibition game. Young Bill Clemensen hiuded the first five innings for the BucS, allowing only one run. Another rookie, Maurice VanRobays, accounted for a large portion, of the scoring punch, knocking in Heinie Manush on a long fly for tho second run of the game his first time up, singling and scoring the first run in the sixtfe, and winding up with a three-run homer in the ninth. Triangle... . . . engineering social fraternity, announces the additional pledging of Charles M. Hoskins of Libertyville, 111.
Operators of the Oregon State College telephone exchange say “number please” on an average of 2,046 times 41 day from 8 a. m. to 6 p. ra.
I
I3[ocaL (Mil
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^nt-iroA.
Wednesday, March 29, 1939
r>
Football - (Continued fiom page S)
\
due contingent pulled out of the lut and had the best team that evei came out of Lafa\ette since the wai The Ross-Ade Stadium was opened befoie the biggest cio-ftd that had evei witnessed a home Puidue football game and the Boileimakeis defeated then tiaditional state inals, Indiana, 26 to 7, with Ban and Hai meson playing sensational football in the backfield The Boileimakeis opened then 1926 season with then fiist invasion of the East and a confident Navy ciew, which latei tied foi national championship honoi s was given the scale of its life The Midshipmen managed to pull the game out of the file 111 the last few minutes of plav in a lousiiig 17 to 13 thiillei Wilcox Chips Ankle With the gieat Cotton Wilcox as halfback ’27 was staited both auspiciousH and disastiously against DePauv The Boileimakeis loped to a 15 to 0 victoiy ovei the Metho dists but Wilcox chipped a bone in his ankle and was kept on the side lines the gieatei pait of the season M ith Cotton on the bench the Boil eimakeis invaded the effete East to tuin awa'v Haiiaid Ralph “Pest” M ekh was turned loose foi the fiist time foi the education of the east einei The team had a fanlv sue cessful season that \eai The gieatest combination of foot ball mateiial evei utilized at Pm due was in ’29 when the Boileimak eis icmped ovei a schedule of top notcheis and beat all opposition in a decisue fashion Headed by such pigskin gieats as Haimeson, Yune ich Puivis White and Caiaway, the Rueteis tiomped Kansas State Michigan DePauw Chicago Wis consul Mississippi Iowa, and In diana to win an undisputed Western Confeience title The 32 season found thiee AllAmei leans, John Oehlei, Paul Moss, and Ray Hoistman passing, kick ing and lunning the opposition diz z^ The Boileimakeis turned on full powei and lan loughshod ovei all opponents, except Wisconsin, who plajed the Riveteis to a 7 to 7 tie, to establish then football supiem ac^ both in Eastern and national Glides Although contented with a peifect peicentage bailing the tie with M isconsin, the Boileimakeis weie conceded second place in the final landings First All-Star Game The Chicago Tribune All-Stai game, played at Soldiei’s Field in 1934, echoed the giidiion popularity of Puidue ovei the country Three Boileimakeis Paidonnei, Heckei and Febel, qualified in the first game wnth Noble Kizei, Boileimak ei mentoi, selected by 300,000 fans ovei the country to lead the squad against the Chicago Bears The game resulted in a scoreless tie Heldt Duane Puivis, Caitei, Haas, Fehiing, Loebs, Dailey and others led the contingent through the season which ended with five victories and three defeats
Fate hit the University campus in ’36 in the form of an accident two weeks befoie the regular season was to get underway Tom McGannon and Carl Dahlbeck, varsity players, died from severe burn injuries in an explosion which also injured half a dozen griddeis The sudden setback did not completely dishearten the Riveters, who garnered five wins, two defeats and one tie Indiana played the locals to a 20 to 20 tie m one of the most sensational expositions of wide open football ever played at the Ross Ade Stadium Elward Takes Over Rems Coach Kizei received a leave of absence from the University in July of 1937 and Mai Elwaid, assistant football coach, assumed the reins of head coach during Kizei’s leave Robert Woodworth acted as director of athletics during Kizer’s absence Under Elwaid’s tutelage, the Boilermakers managed to slip into fourth place in the final standings of 37 with a total of two wins, two defeats, and one tie Highlight of the schedule was the Indiana game at Bloomington where Cecil Isbell lipped off ten yards for a touchdown in the last minute of play to top the Hoosieis 13 to 7 Elwaid became head coach at the beginning of the ’ 38 season and turned out one of the most out standing teams in recent Puidue history The Boileimakeis lost only one game which was to Minnesota, 7 to 0 Ohio State fell at the hands of the Boileimakeis for the first time on its home field by a score of 12 to 0 Disappointment of the year was the scoreless tie with Iowa where the Riveters weie conceded to be the favoiites to win The Boiler makers ended the season with a up snorting game versus Indiana to win by a score of 13 to 7 They wound up in a tie for second place in the final standings Thus ends a retrospect of Purdue football history
^WBAA
‘THE VOICE OF PURDUE —Today— 11 00—Prof Robert Phillips, Am erican Institutions 11 50—Puidue News Flashes 12 00—Time Service, Farm Facts for Farm Folks 12 15—Sports Review, Dick Shively 12 30^—-Luncheon Dance Time 12 45—Songs and Melodies 1 00—Meditations, Rabbi Meyer H Simon 1 15—Monitor Views the News 1 30—^“American Yesterdays”— Grade School Program 1 45—Market Reports 2 00—Pat Wade, popular songs 2 15—Melody Moments 2 30—The Home Decorator 2 45—Hymn Echoes, Mrs Irvin Jackson 3 00—Symphony Hall 4 00—Campus Interviews 4 15—Dick Cnrtner, pianist 4 30—Purdue Round Table 4 45—Story Book Horn
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is aH wa do, but wa cb it waH. Opposita Poat Offioa Wallaca Block 322 Fany St
• Florists
R. /. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowera Main at 7 th Phona 6050
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A RISK—DD5 HAROLD J RISK—DD^ LUTHER A RISK—D DJ
Schultz Bulldl 4h and Main
iona 5701
Oak Park Woman Speaks At AAUW Guest Meeting Mrs Besse Boynton, of Oak Park, 111, spoke befoie 138 women attending the guest meeting of the Ameiican Association of University Women last night in the cafeteria of the Home Economics Building The subject of Mis Boyntons addiess was “Some Famous Women ” The AAUW is a society composed of women giaduates of certain accredited colleges throughout the country Mrs H E Enders is president of the Purdue Chapter
FOB
20 and 21 will be given
-CHEVEDDBN
FOR SALE—^FuU diess suit with Vest in excellent condition Priced to sell Call 61312 after 6 evenings
Members are expected to attend —STONAKER
NYA Workers Checks for the peiiod ending March 15 are now available at the cashier s office in the Executive Building (3 30) —HOLLENSBE
Notices
Agriculturist Board of Control and all departmental editois report to room 118, Ag Hall at 4 p m Wednesday March 29 Be piompt Very impoitant —KINGSLEY
Penalty Days The twenty-four hour periods from noon March 81 to noon April 1 and all day April 10 are penalty dates Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the twenty-four hours immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the Cashier an extra fee of $6 00 for each twenty four hour period or fraction thereof missed —FISHER
Preshmen All those interested in going out for the Debris photography staff meet in leception room off the ballroom lobby Thuisday Maich 30 Co eds and eds wel come —WRAY
Phi Tau Sigma Foimal pledging at Triangle house Wednesday March 29 at 7 30 —BENNETT
Alpha Zeta Initiation ceiemonies Wednesday Maich 29 at 7 p m Ag Hall
removal of ‘ C” grades wi urday, April 16 at 1 p i
of the CE Building
nm
ill be given Sat-
in room 201
—WILEY
Classified Ads
Purdue Engineer 1 reshmen and sopho mores should turn in all questionnaires to the office not later than Wednesday March ^ ’ —SQUIRES Varsity Show Important meeting of stage and carpentry ciew in sub basement of Union at 4 p m Wednesday March 29 —LINDSEY Purdue Peace Committee Meeting Wed ntsday evening March 29 at 7 30 Mem btrs will be notified of place of meeting —HOLLINGSWORTH
W SGA Board No meeting Wednesday Much 29 —LEAMING
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes standard and portable sold, purchased, rented and repaired New portable machines as low as $29 75 Supplies C F Ebershoff 606 Main street.
WANTED—Ride to Massachusetts or vi cinitv ovti spring v ication Call Uavt 662 3 after 6 00 WANTED—4 passtngcis Pittsburgh and Haiiisburg ind rctuii Spring vacation Phone 242 WANTED—A rile to Memphis feni on Apiil 1 Ph ne Jim (714
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Cl 1 Omeg 1 pm In cubed r stei Bailey Reward Phone 7‘’33
Gold Peppers Please turn tickets and money in to Mary Townsend at the State Street home management house by noon Thursday Maich 30 —TOWNSEND WAA Tumbling Impoitant meeting in Women b Gym at 1 o clock Wednesday Maich 2) —COOK Union Freshmen and Sophomores Will oui committees please meet in the sophomore Union office Wednesday March 29 at 1 p m —HRUBY ASHTON
Lafayette Philatelic Society Meeting in loom B of the Union Wednesday March 29 at 30 in the evening All collectors with trading mateiial aie urged lo attend —MILLER Purdue Flying Club Open meeting at 7 p m Thursday Maich 30 in room F of the Union A report of the National Inter collegiate Flying Club Confeience which took place m Washington D C Maich
Individually Tailored Our Linen Supply Service is practically “Made to Order”. Whatever the Linen Supply needs of your business might he, we can furnish satisfactorily. OIS A RENTAL BASIS PHONE 2000 FOR ROUTEMAN
They developed a super sensitive tIMAiCE
Meellleimy tony The farmer who runs the
It was love at first sight—the per T rt TPnpoflexf 2 8 £ind. feet mating ot a RocotlcJU aStaUertSS Shesnappedhim HesnappedJier Then she snapped himsnappmgher Itmadeabeau i tulpictare-untilaphotographers „„del stepped m A short story Photo Finish by DOUG WELCH
■S .-e —
■
D o YOU KNOW the hapi^nings
behind these headlines
“B.h,nd..n^-r«S nervous gentlem. „ Irrrto^Dathananymanhut
Hoplms, Henry Morynthaujr^. "T"-oS I had h.ra laughmg to S,tS:»d*.eh.sioh.WhydoJeW 0“'■“‘''""’wo* noKd Washington this week spotlight correspondents tu ^er First on the nation’s money master r
of Three Articles
?iosrrt:FDRthananymanbut o KlNlNER by JOSEPH ALSOP and ROBERT Rim
r„"rta?anryoLa»se. S:Th?LUe later -Jthe intern here’s a clanged his bell story for all the family 1 Now, Ripley. Pleoee’■ ■ booth TftRRIN®t°'*
who keeps rabbits m ..They Need MeSomehound vs. bear, spaded, 5^00 po^dsofh^^^^^^^ black beat, and „eitmE animal story by RACINC HOBSES^s a hre^d and huUer business » can be when Horsemen Kaoe ton ,s the hew deal week’s Post tor news of WHERE DO OLD FOLKS GO TO ® ,.<g^ Pete,”Flor' graphs by 1''®" °"';“,t*°'"Tum to Sitting m the Sun, ■^at«rirsS:frSri^editorials,turiand^^^^^^^