“ »
Scat Indiana I Beat Indiana 1 Beat Indiana I
Rather Feeble, Yes?
xna^tem
See You Back Early Monday
Volume 53, No. 61
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wedriesday, November 19, 1941
Raschel Will Play For SDX ‘Ciious’ Rassle
Small Crowd Witnesses Burning Of Miss Indiana At Closing Pep Session Final rituals for Miss Indiana were held in a “short and sweet” manner on Stuart Field last night, as less than 1000 students turned out for the season’s final pep session before the Indiana game Saturday. Led by the West Side High School band and its three attractive drum-majorettes, substituting for the University band which began its Thanksgiving vacation yesterday afternoon, the crowd gathered at
the -Union with signs and torches. Miss Indiana, recently rescued from an attempted pre-grave robbing, was solemnly placed on a truck-trailer and the funeral procession made its way to the scene of the final lituals. Cheer leader Jc^hnny Goll took charge of the program and introduced co-captains Jim Miller and Tommy Melton; Bill Pressnall, secretary of the Reamers Club; and Prof. F. E. Hockema, assisant to President Elliott, before Miss Indiana’s corpse mc^t its fate in a fifteen-foot blazing pyre prepared
by Skull and Crescent.
Speaking for his organization, Pressnall awarded a football auto-
graphed by members of the squad often On Front Line
Betty Wason, Roving Reporter, To Appear At Convo December 1 Betty Wason, HE ’33, Indianapolis, a roving war correspondent, has been scheduled by AWS to appear at a special convocation to be held Sunday, Dec. 1, at 3 p. m. in the Music Hall. The convo will be open to students with passports, and also to those who possess season
convocation tickets.
to Kappa Sigma fraternity for its large, blank sign depicting, “We
have nothing for Indiana.’’ The “Tin Can” trophy for the
best wreath placed on Miss In- ,,
diana’s coffin went to Beta Theta any other woman correspon-
Miss Wason returned from Europe this summer. She claims the distinction of having reached the front line of fighting more often
Pi whose string of candy and fish was dedicated to -“poor 'fish McMilland and his eleven suckers.” As the first speaker, Jim Miller praised the pep session committee for its work throughout the season before Tommy Melton predicted that the boys Would “take Indiana into tow,” even though he may be forced to witness the game as a spectator. Prof. Hockema address the group as the “peppiest students in the country” and read an “I” illiteiation as his prediction of the battle Saturday, comparing illiterate Indiana to the industrious, incorruptible Boilermakers. “We’ll cremate Miss Indiana and bring the ashes of John Purdue back in the Old Oaken Bucket,” he said as the remains of the Hoosier lady wei'e thrown into the fire, w.e.r. J. Strohm Will Speak At Alpha Zeta Meeting John Stroh, assistant editor of the Prairie Farmer, will speak Thursday evening, Nov. 27, in Fowler Hall at an open meeting of Alpha Zeta, agricultuial honoiaiy. All interested persons are invited to attend the meeting which will feature several hundred colored slides, made on Strohm’s recent tour through each of the South American countries.
dent. She has covered war and other news in Czechoslovakia, Finland, Norway, Rumania, Turkey and
Greece.
She has broadcast from Norway and Greece for CBS and has contributed many stories to magazines. Miss Wason was the first news correspondent to give an eyewitness account of Norway’s invasion. On her way out of Greece this summer, she was arrested and held by the
Nazis.
Sponsored By AWS Betty Wason’s convocation appearance is being’made possible by the defense committee of AWS, headed by Floiencc Croll. w.g.h. Dean Potter To Address Indiana Engineers Nov. 29 Annual meeting of the Indiana Engineers will be held at Indianapolis Friday and Saturday, Nov. 2829. Featured on the program will be Dean A. A. Potter and W. A. Knapp of the School of Engineer-
ing.
Dean Potter will address the conference at the Saturday luncheon on “Defense Training in Engineering Science and Management.” Dean Knapp, who is president of the Indiana Engineering Council, will preside over the banquet on the evening of November 28 and all the technical sessions of the meeting,
k.i.
WBAA To Broadcast Launching Of New 750-Foot Battleship WBAA will broadcast the launching of the navy’s newest battleship, the U.S.S. Indiana, at Norfolk, Virginia, on Friday morning from 9:30 to 10 a. m. The presentation of this program was made possible by special arrangements with station WIRE, Indianapolis, which has a direct wire to the event. Governor’s Daughter The navy’s new addition will be officially launched and chiistened by Governor of Indiana Heniy F. Schricker’s daughter, Mrs. C. V. Robbins, who will break the traditional bottle of champagne over the vessel’s bow to send it sliding down the ways. The new battleship, built by the Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Company, will be one of the largest ships in the woild. The 760-foot craft will have a complement of over 1500 men and officer’s, and will carry nine 16-inch guns. High School Band The University band invited to play at the ceremony as a representative of the state of Indiana, is unable to go, but at present the Shortridge High School band, from Indianapolis, is contemplating making ^he trip, w.g.h. University Student To Represent State In National 4-H Meet Paul Branson, Ag ’45, will represent Indiana at the National 4-H Meat Animal Livestock contest, it was announced yesterday by the University State 4-H Club department. Branson received a $50 watch for his state championship and is now competing for one of the three $200 agricultural college scholarships being offered as prizes in the national contest. Branson has been doing 4-H work for ten years. During this time he has carried 21 projects in swine and beef cattle production, livestock judging and demonstration woik. He has exhibited at county, slate and national shows. The National 4-H contest is sponsored by Thomas E. Wilson, Chicago meat packer, k.r. Sigma Pi Sigma . . . honorary physics society, announces the initiation of Dr. Julian S. Schwinger, Robert Brocklehurst, Jay M. Hansen, and Ernestine L. Rose, of the physics department; Dr. William L. Ayres, head of the mathematics depaitment; Sidney Golden df the chemistiy department; and Harry Rosenberg. After the reception last night a Whist paity was held for the new members and guests of Sigma Pi Sigfiia.
Bareback Rider Queen To Rule Over Menagerie December 12; Balloting To Start Next Monday “The Queen of the Bareback Riders” will rule the menagerie at the annual Sigma Delta Chi Boilermaker Browl December 12, which this year will be a circus with all the accompanying
connotations.
Jimmy Raschel’s Negro band will furnish the appropriate jungle rhythms for body and soul and animals. Raschel has had wide experience in recent years over the Columbia, Mutual and National networks. Op-
Ultra-Modern Windowless House Has Complete Privacy, Low Costs
By Gordy Hoff man An ultra-modern w i n d o w 1 c s s house, the latest in recent low-cost housing development, is now being completed at the University Housing Research campus, west of the stadium. Outstanding featuie of the residence is its compete lack of windows in all but one of itsj five looms. The living room has thiee windows on one side; all other rooms are illuminated by fluorescent tubes in the ceilings. Made Of Concrete Outside dimensions of the squat one-story structure are approximately 33 by 27 feet. The building is made of pre-cast concrete slabs, each of which is three feet wide, about three inches thick and extends the full height of the building. External monotony is relieved by the
gieen turn on the window sashes and by horizontal wooden stiips on the front which aie also painted green. Inside there is a fair sized living room, three bedrooms, each 10 by 12 feet, a compact kitchen, a utility room and a small bathioom which is approximately four by foui feet. Each room has a small closet. No Lost Heat Since most of the heat loss in modern homes is caused by leakage through the windows, this new house will be extremely economical with heat. Heat will be supplied by a hot-water system which is, in turn, heated by natuial gas. According to the builders, the saving effected thiough lack of heat-loss will more than compensate for the adidtional electricity needed to light
the house during the daytime. The compact kitchen features built-in cabinets and equipment. The heating plant and othei utilities are in a small loom just off the kitchen. This does away with the necessity of a basement and further lowers the cost. Air-conditioning equipment is also contained in this
room.
Super-Privacy \ One desiiable feature of the windowless rooms IS the fact that windows do npt have to be considered in arranging furniture. Besides insuring privacy, additional savings are accomplished because of the lack of curtains and draperies. This concrete home may be the answer to the great demand for modem low-cost housing within the leaeh of everyone.
Cattle Feeder Group Convenes For Annual Fall Meeting On Friday Several hundred farmers are expected to attend the annual fall meeting of the Indiana Cattle Feeders’ Association which will be held here Friday, it was announced by Prof. Frank G. King, head of the animal husbandry department. Friday’s Program Friday morning’s program, with President Max Markley, Bluffton, presiding, will begin at 10:30 with an inspection of the 70 head of 800 pound steers which have been chosen as experimental animals to determine the relative value of sargo silage in winter feeding. The winter feeding program is scheduled to start the day of the meeting. Also on the program for Friday morning are a report by G. 0. Mott, University agronomist, on gains made by cattle in seven test bluegrasS pastures and also the results of cattle grazing’ in 11 kinds of temporary pastures, and a discussion of U. S. Army requirements in beef pin chases by Major J. H. White of Chicago. Elect Officers An election of officers will open the afternoon session, to be followed with addresses by P. L. Robertson, in charge of beef operations for Kingan and Co., Indianapolis, and Scott Meiks, Indianapolis, manager of the Producers’ Commission Association, w.g.h. Dr. Hans Jenny, Soil Expert, Author, Will Visit Campus Today Dr. Hans Jenny, a member of the University of California faculty and a woiker in the field of soil science, is visiting the campus today according to an announcement made by T. M. Bushnell, a member of the agronomy department and president of the Soil Science Society of Amciica. Speaks At Dinner Dr. Jenny will be guest speaker at a dinner meeting of the Soil Science Society of Indiana to be held at the Union at 6 p. ni. tonioirow. At this meeting' he will discuss “Model n Trends in Soil Research” and also lead an informal discussion of soil topics. No reservation will be needed.
A Swiss
A native of Switzeiland, Dr. Jenny has lived in this country about 14 yeais. He has been interested in the fundamental and universal scientific piinciples at play m soils and has i ecently published a book on “Fdctois of Soil Foimation.” in.j 1. Senate Sponsors Special Rates On Vacation Trains student Senate will again sponsor special individual and party lates for students traveling on the New York Central System to New York, Buffalo, Cleveland, and Chicago for the Thanksgiving and Christmas vacations. In addition to rates and schedules previously announced, a special Chicago train has been scheduled, leaving here at 1 p. m. today and ariiving in Chicago at 3:30 p. m. Round trip tickets are $4. Tickets for the special will be on sale today at the Big Four station just before train time, d.e.g.
erating with Detroit as his bombbase, Raschel, played for an entire season at the Graystone ballroom in that city and
over radio station WJR. Eveiything will be let loose in the
Union ballrooms for this yeai’s dance—everything fiom any animals that Dean Harry Reed can
Preliminary Judges Pick 32 Coed ^aiuf^ueens For Debrir^om^tition Preliminaries for the 1941-42 Debris beauty contest held in the north Union ballroom last night narrowed a field of 186 entrants to thirty-two beauties who will compete for the beauty crowns on Saturday 29 in the Music Hall. Two University staff members and a professional photographer, who serve as preliminary judges, selected: ——— Anna Belle Ball, Joan
High School Debaters To Meet Here Dec. 5-6 For Annual Assembly Twelfth Annual High School
Legislative Assembly and Dcbateis’ pV^eT'Virgffiir RiVy77anr Robin^
Confeience will be held at the Uni-
Bamer, Jeanne Burkholder, Emily Caster, Bertie Cole, Betty Ciaig, Janeth Dixon, Marianna Duke, Gloria Fox, Doris Jeane Hamilton, Carolyn Hyman, Catherine Kern, Bette Lu Krudup, Roberta Lewis, Marge Libbert, Rose Malcolm, Jo Anne Menefee, Margaiet Miller, Patty Moffitt, Betty Miiiphy, Marilyn O’Hara, Charlotte
versify on Friday and Satuiday, Dec. 5 and 6, accoiding to Prof. P. E. Lull of the speech staff and director of the conference and assem-
bly.
Pres. E. C. Elliott will preside at the annual banquet and Harold Van
Oiman, former Lieutenant-Gover- , , , , , nor, will give the piincipal address, booked by the De-
son, Maiy Lou Sanders,. Pat S,mith, Maiy Jane Snider, Martha Lou Stewart, Zerelda Stuckey, Prances Thompson, Janice Yeoman, La-
Verne Zeno.
Added Attractions
Bobby Byrne and his orchestra, a dance team, and several comedy
Fred F. Eichorn, foimer state senatoi and chairman of the Indiana
bris to appear at the finals of the contest. Byrne, who has judged
iimmy Raschel
spare to bearded women and sideshows, in which everything within the legal limit will take place. Also Penalty Day Ticket sales and balloting foi the queen will open Monday, November 24, or simultaneously with penalty day, if that will orient one any bettor. The Queen of the Baieback Riders will be chosen by open balloting; All votes may be biought to the Exponent office, left at either the East or West Union desks. Ballot box stuffing will not only be permitted but cncoLuagod, Sigma Delta Chi officials said last night. Sorority Competition Competition will be held between the soiorities for the best side show, with anything permitted that might possibly happen within the vicinity of a circus. Fiaternities will also compote foi the most appropriate sideshow. The customary piizes will be awarded for the vaiious catagoiies of beaids, with an added piize being given this yeai for the female with the best beard, or to be simple, the beaieded lady. United Airlines Engineer Will Speak, Show Movies At ASME Meeting Monday R. D. Kelly, ME ’25, supciintendent of engineering development for United Ail lines, will speak at the'meeting of the Ameiican Society of Mechanical Engineers Monday evening at 7:30 in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering Build-
ing.
Kelly, who is now delivering a series of talks on air transportation to Aeio Eng. 2 classes, will speak on “Future Air Transports” and will s-how movies of the Douglass DC-4 transport plane. Following his giaduatioii, Kelly worked for the mateiial division of the Army Air Coips before going to United Airlines, p.g.h. Dr. A. A, Smith ... of the division of education , and applied psychologV, will be the guest speaker at the annual Thanks, giving supper given by the men at the Taylor Station Church on November 23.
Public ' Service Commission, and .^^l^ntic City beauty epnJames Knapp, speaker of the state ^ House of Representatives, will head ^7*' '^""7 ^
photogiapher from Indianapous*
w.e.i.
Playshop To Fill Mail Orders For Tickets To 'Petrified Forest' Mail oiders for tickets to Play-
the legislative assembly which was inaugurated at last year’s conference. Special awards will be given to the high schools whose students aie named among the top ten in each branch of the assembly.
Debate, Play Featured
An inteicollegiate debate between Wisconsin and the University debaters, a play, and a panel discussion which will deal with “Speech Activities and the High School Pu-
pil,” will be added features of the shop’s production of “Petrified For-
meeting.
est” by Robert E. Sherwood will be
Prof. Lull’s “Campus Round Ta- filled aftei Wednesday, Nov. 26. The blc” progiam over WBAA every box office will open December L sellMonday night at 7:30 p. m. is a ing single admission tickets for 75 preview of the conference. Each cents. The play will run December broadcast deals with one of the 9 to 12 in Fowler Hall, problems to be considered at the A Prize Winner
Legislative Assembly, d.e.g.
New Saturday WBAA Program Will Feature Church Service News
Sherwood’s play, the Pulitzer prize winner of 1935, is a drama winch strongly condemns the effete and futile culliue of the world
today.
Among other plays which Sher-
“Go to Church Sunday,” WBAA’s wood has wiitten aie “The Road to newest program, will he presented Rome,” “The Queen’s Husband,” every Saturday at 5:30 p. m., offer- “Idiot’s Delight,” and “There Shall ing mainly organ music, poetry and Be No Night.” The latter play has ''Biblical quotations. The progiam been scheduled to appear at a COBwill preview the services in the vocation, and will feature Alfred Lafayette and West Lafayette Lunt and Lynn F'ontaine. chinches. Directors Bill Wariick, member of the William L. Deam, director of the WBAA student staff and Wesley Playshop Playeis, will be assisted Foundation, is the pioducei and di- in the pioduction of this play by rector. The new religious piogiam Mary Alice Miller, rehearsal assisfollows the 5:30 Vespers, broadcast tant, and S. M. Marks, technical diMonday thiough Friday, s.r.b. lector, w.g.h. Water Colors, Foreign Textiles Feature Applied Design Exhibit
\
By Sally Beall —
Applied design department is presenting an exhibit of a collection of water colors by Ivan Wilson, and a group of textiles from inaiiy foreign countiies. The exhibit, one of a senes sponsoied by the applied design depaitment, is open to the public in Home Economics Building No. 2, and will remain here until
December. New Artist
Ivan Wilson, an instiuctor at Western State College, Bowling Green, Ky., is as yet comparatively unknown as an artist. Anyone interested m seeing Wilson in action may do so at any time. His paintings aie made on ordinary art paper with water color paints, the tyue used by students in the applied design department. Wilson can accomplish a surprising amount of work in the twenty minutes he u&es to complete a picture. He makes his paintings seem fresh, almost as if they were still wet, by the use of bright bold colors
—oranges, wines, greens, orchids and reds. His woik leaves much to tile ob-.ervcr’s imagination, but still gives the iniagination a good start.
Barns, Houses, Etc.
Most of Wilson’s paintings are local scenes—old lamshackle Imu’HS . and houses, loads winding over the hills, slanting telephone poles wUb dioopmg wires, old rusty utaebinery, and Kentucky hay-cocks anchoied to the mountain sides by
ciooked stakes.
The textile part of the exhibit includes hand work from Mexico, Finland, Egypt, Guatemala, Italy and Ameiica, featuring unusual use of
texture, color and design.
An Egyptian hand apphqued wall hanging shows a disdainful Pharaoh sailing down the Nile in a flowor*
bedecked boat pulled by a snake with a gold head-
lepresented by a fs^rm seena afeovjv
mg a charging bull. The
were sent out by the Mastalie Qom*
pany, New York.Wednesday, Novem her 19, 1941
eep The Monkey Wrenches Out
Jii'i At the outbl^ak of the first World War, both labor and capital used the emergency as means of combating the other. Employers took advantage of the crisis to vs^eaken organiacd labor, while the unions tried to strengthen their irosition by demanding closed shops. However, the War Labor Board stepped in and wisely adopted a policy of maintaining the atatus,QUO in industrial relations. , Once again the United States finds itself facing a similar problem. Thousands of workbrs in necessary defense industries are either 4 striking or threatening to walk out at a time when the nation needs its workmen most, t These attempts to throw a monkey wrench
i: in none too stable defense machinery have.
L just .about ejJhausted the country’s patience. During the past few years labor in the -v; United States has made tremendous gains. Under Roosevelt’s New Deal administration more , social legislation has been passed than ever before, and the progress of labor unions and the rights of labor have gone a long way. Now the labor group, which has been given so much, is demanding more, and by its continued insistence for its rights, labor is proving itself to be both young in experience and
.The Rdt’io
%
-safe'
lacking in I’esponsibility.: Throughout. the country, the people afe becoming fed-up with strikes and other disputes; they feel that the workers ai'e taking an unwarranted advantage of the national emergency. The public is. behind the defense effort.. Organized labor, which never has been too popular with the public, isn’t furthering its cause any by hindering this effort. Strikes, attempts to establish closed shops, and other conflicts on the industrial front are selfish actions which should be forgotten when national unity is so important. Labor leaders in this country \WOuld do well to follpw the example set by the labor party in England. English labor, realizing its obligation to the government, has suspended all conflicts that a united Britain mifht face the dangers that confront it. .' . Many Americans are making .heavy sacrifices to maintain the country’s security in this emergency, and certainly continued disputes by labor are not to be tolerated. Some type of strike legislation is evidently in order. Perhaps it will be similar to that of World War I, but no matter what form it takes, the labor movement, which is acting like a spoiled child, needs a spanking.
tei’tained on Stuart Field with their , football game. Some of the cobtuihes worn by the- players Were really rare. Jane ftobinson’ii man at West Point, would do an about face if he knew that she was Wearing his. dress uniform in the rat-race. Doc Cole was the ref and was repeated-, ly penalizing the gals for backfield I in motion. Doc also carried the ball
Seems as though everybody but more than anyone else, the football team had a good week- * * end. Jeannette Morehouse and Ken Imagine opening your corsage Stafne had a great time up at Madi- box before a dance and finding a son, we heard. How about that red- soup-bone in it! W^ll, that’s exacthead back home, Kenneth me-lad? ly what happened to Jeannette * * Haynes last Friday.. The Thetas will Thene there , were Harry “Itch” be able to eat for a week now at any
Pettit and .Ted Shead who started , rate,
out for Wisconsin with four dollars * * apiece and a prayer. The boys got Nancy Knotts and Corinne Reifas far as the Windy (Jity and after ers are planning to make their home making the rounds to such estab- ec inspection trip serve a two-fold lishments as the Panther Room and purpose—the main purpose being the Blackhawk, were lapt seen rid* love interest. The girls are really ing down Michigan Ave. in a horse planning, a good time up there at
and buggy.
While the “social set” was out of town, the Pi Phi’s and Pi KA’s en-
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Survey Presents Troubles Of Small Business; Japan Avoids 'Freezing' Orders WASHINGTON, Nov. 18, 1941— The President has on his desk a confidential report that would warm the heart of the defense-harried little business man if he could read it. Submitted by Lowell Mellett, one of the. “passion for anonymity” White House secretaries, following a careful survey in 35 state.s, the memorandum by inference severely criticizes 0PM and War Department handling of defense contracts. Mellett found that little business generally is bitterly disgusted with the whole defense administration, is convinced that it is being run by big business and corporation lawyers, and is up in arms politically about the matter. Mellett warns that the Administration had better do something about the situation and do it fast or it will be just too bad in next year’s crucial congressional electionsi. A long list of specific grievances are detailed in the repoit: Little firms excluded from defense orders in favor of big competitors, even though the]‘e was no dilTerencc in their prices. Endless lun-arouiids from*OPM and Army brasshats becau.se the little business men had no ‘fin” with the big shots. Small manufacturers put out of business by the priority .system which enables; big concerns with defense contracts to hog supplies of raw materials. Mellett also implies that the Division of Contract DLstribution, e.stablished seveial months ago to help little business, has so fai' ac-
complished very little in the way of results. Small business is still out in the cold when it comes to gettingart eo.uitable share of defense work. The gist of the report is' an old story to the President. For months otheis have been telling him the same thing, although not so compi*chensiyfely: and effectively. The creation of SPAB and the Contract Distribution Division was an effort to remedy the situation. But these agencies are manned with the same type of executives who have been runnin.g the defense program from the start—big business men. There isn’t one little biusiness man . among them. Lone Refuge In fact, in all of Washington there is only one place where a little business man is functioning in behalf of small business. That is in the Justice Department, where trust-busting Assistant Attorney General Thurman Arnold has set up a Small Business Section and installed as its head a genuine little business man. He is Guy Holcomb, a strapping, two-fisted Atlanta filling station operator, who has never had a public job before, hates redtape, and loves nothing better than to tangle with a brasshat who. is pushing a little fellow around. Operating from a cubby-hole office, with only a secretary as his assistant, and without fanfare and hoopla, Holcomb in the month he has been functioning already has chalked up an impressive record as a defender of little business men. He has got them contracts, supplies, and entry to official doors previously closed. If you are a little business man and are having defense troubles, Holcomb is the one man in Washington to tell them to. He may not be able to help you, but he’ll certainly try. There will be no complaint on that score. One Time Diers Fred G- Orsinger, popular director of the Commerce Department’s Aquarium, was regaling sight-seers on the high mortality rate of his finny charges. “Fish are a mighty poor insurance risk,” he explained, “especially the rare ones. I went to New York recently and brought back a pinkTat" GRAVES' BAKERY PRODUCTS .
tailed South American catfish, the only one in the United States. It died soon after arriving in Washin.gton, due to the temperature change or too much rough handlingon the way down. “Then, there- were those two maneating- piranhas we had here in the Aquarium,” continued Orsinger, warming- to his subject. “One of the danged things almost bit my finger off. Maybe that’s what killed him. Anyway, he died soon after. Another jumped out of the tank a few days later and died from bruises he received while wo wore trying- to dislodge him from between some aiipipes. 1 guess about the most interesting fish we have in here now are those little )-ed-and-blue neons over
there.”
“And how often do they die,” asked a wide-eyed listener. “Only once,:’’ replied Orsinger. Loopholes For Japs That “freezing” order impounding Japanese funds isn’t so tough as authorities thought it was. It’s not being advertised, but a loophole has just been discovered by means of which Jap agents have been quietly obtaining- large quantities of desperately needed strategic raiv materials in South America. This is the way they work it: A Japanese agent enters into a contract with a South American company for an “exchange” of Jap-' anese manufactured goods for raw materials. On the surface the deal is a straightforwaili barter tran-
saction.
But that’s only the cover-up. To guarantee the delivery of the promised manufactured goods the Jap agent deposits an irrevocable letter of credit payable to the South American buyer with
a New York bank. This sum is equal to the amount due for the raw- materials. Then after these supplies are shipped, the Japs default on their end of the bargain/ They notify the South American customer that, they ? are unable to deliver the promised, goods, The South American claims the posted guarantee and is paid. off.' In dollar and cents, he.loses^ nothing. The Japs get the raw materials theywant and also thumb their nose at the U. S. A.; which is unable to seize the letter of credit because it belongs to the Latin American buyer to whose account it was deposited.Receiitly the Japs obtained 1,000 tons of extremely valuable manganese ore from Chile in this man-
ner.
Note; 'freasury and Commerce Department experts are studying measures to plug up the loop■hole. The problem is a delicate one because diplomatic as well as financial factors are involved. (Copyright, 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) GOOD PRINTING
Chicago.
Mary Helen Pohlmart wasn’t tod happy the other day on seeineg her steady, John Galloway, escorting two Pi Phi’s across campus. Especially after he had told her that he was going to study! The Pi Phi popsicles have settled down for the remainder of the semester, we are told. Yep, Bertie Cole, Charlotte Pirie, and Jean
Prankenberry have pledged themselves to stay on the books. This ■Will undoubtedly come as a blow to Les “Lady-Killer” Cooke, who has been courting half the Pi Phi housei You’re from Missouri, Les—make ’em show you!
Jane and Ann Ostrander made a big splash in the Wind.y City last week-end. Even made the ElsonAnsoh radio broadcast! . . . but “Five good things about Purdue” seemed quite a struggle for the gals. S{« ❖ Hs Well, students and other-wise (such as ourselves), behave yourselves or have a good time during vacatiort, and . . . don’t forget to
PAUL'S PLACE 10c Beef Steak Beef ^arb-Q Home Made Chili Pork Tendetioin Furhas lee Cream Phone 2645 , We Deliver
take your books home! So-pop will kno'W where pJrt of hiS money, goes, anyway! ., ■ ■ -
FRiENDLY SEttVlCH Boiulod Gas and Oil
GILLFSPIE'S Store, Restaurant and Bar Supplies 221 Columbia St., Phone 640S , LAFAYETTE, IND,
Dine Tonight NU CHINA GRILL
PAINLESS PRICES MoFc Style for Less Money Kane's Print Shop '401 S. 29 th St.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
RYTEX PERSONAL STATIONERY
University Book Store
Across Fr “Red” Saininone ’29
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLPOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone ^354 We Deliver
IMPROVE YOUR DANCING BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS WED., NOV. 26, 7:00 P. M. Late Dances to be taught arranged by Mr. Allen and were taught at. Convention of National Asosciation of Dancing Masters.
ALLEN’S
fiiViduji. £xpomnL All-American 1940-'41
Cnlercd as sccoiui class mailer at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the i^ct of Congress of Mai'^’h 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by tairier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $1.00.
I5<Utor*Jn-Chief New* EdtSor SporlH Kai\»r
-Ned A. Qchfltrce ^ BitsinesK Manag’d .John L. Trauicott Maiiseintf DdJtor Fhil JoluiKon Coed Kdilor .
Dun S. Powers Lclund W. Uuffner Kulh Ruse
PubHcation Staff . . . Ash.MiiHlf IviitnrbJS^ituriai Htutft J. V. Amos. J. H. }). 'V. Droj/Jiy. tl. D. Hiidiry, I'. I. E. G. Ki<‘j»cr. HpurtH'SUff: O. 'J’., CJark. J, D. Fraser. J. S. Kt eh-r. Cued bjUlff: Wary K. DoyiiUju, .AJice (AiaUield. Jane Ramsdel),
Business Staff (^x’d liusinei^.s ManaRcr: Doinia ISiuKH : Office ManiiROr: I;i lio.SHtlll.'i. Local AdvcrlJHi'nK AJanaKcrs: K. K. Circulation Manager: W. T. Doll; D. MiJlard. Junior Coed Manag^ers: Joan Frankonborry, P’rancos Lloyd, Julia Martiii.
Gjornro. U. E. Saxton ; Account.s Munai^cr: W.
Phone|: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792
i.i!{ Madiso
iuntud fij vici’, Im
national advertisiiu^ by National Aflvcrtis- . (.'dlh.’Ht' Publishers IlfpiTiscntativos, 420 vv York. N. Y.
Staff For This Issue Day Editor: .Chatlield KcuorterB: W. E. KaCi-rt, W. G, Hoskiii.s, D. 1C. Glas.s. P.'g. „ „ Holl'muii, P. .SUnbera. M. J. l.uui-r. Spoita: K. DeMui'S. D. ODVrts Editor; Fraser Bhryef.
Night K0Uiti Kieper la*u« Edilor t JtoguriDuyc
Union “Doc” Epplo *40
6lh & FerryA<
^1
n J' 1 "i
\ j ft*- t i
^W ; ‘‘*J 4'^^/' /’S
" ! ‘t'^f
2^i •■
% y
Wednesday^ November 1% 1941 4ci fi^/ ^
Purdue l^xjtonent
Pam 9
► Open LeHcr To The Team Fbi a gieat many leasons, all of which aie too numerqu'? to naiiatp, the football season to date has been, beyond any doubt, very disappointmg to all of us. We hate won two games while losing four ^nd ttihg one In the last thtf^e games we have chalked up just eight fiist downs and havte seoied eS^letly hb plomts Why? Problg^ly ^ sOries of leasons Ceitainly rio Ohe Single IiOint is lesponsible A lot of you and otheis have made mistakes Some of tliem have been most costly, losing games, while otheis have been incidental ► You Find Them Everywhere Natuially, a good many students m which you aie in close contact hate displayed an attitude of this kind, even going so fai as to say they dori’t care whethei the team wins Saturday oi not This is quite a natuial retkhtion connected with a losing season, a most natuial illustiation of human nature Fan weather fans are a dime a dozen in any school And peihaps they hive leasoii for feeling somewhat as they do, As not only this! season but the several pievious to this have been of a losing chaiactei. Be that as it may Many of you have not been willing to put youiself out for the good of the team by obeying any semblance of training rules For this you should certainly bury your heads in the sahd ► Jf's Now Or Mover Let’s put first things first for this game Saturday and go down to Bloomington not thinking of the things which may have irked you during the past few weeks, oi the reasons, if there are any, why many of you hate not played the kind of ball which you ate certainly able to play, and go tilth one purpose in mind—In gmng Hillenbiand and Co the hardest, toughest, roughest game they ever have or ever will encounter For yoifi own sakes, for the people who believe in you, let’s really give If you don’t forget everything but the winning of this ball game and get mad enough at the people who are calling you “Purdue’s scoreless wonderte’* to knock the Hoosiei’s into submission, then you certainly aren’t the kind of guys wc think you are
IntWcolfeliaf^ Cross Country Mooting Will End Rivotors' Season Michigan State College will be the scene of the fourth annual National Intercollegiate cross countj'y meet next Monday The Rrvetei squad Will make a Strong bid for the national crown, thus attempting to draw a fitting climax to the most successful season in its histoty Michigan State Site Michigan State was the original site of the old Central Irttercolle giUte meet whrch has since been cdmbined with thp national meet mg ’For this reason, Ralph Youfig, Spartan athletic director, thought it would be fitting if his School secui cd the event this year Monday’s meeting will be featured by the largest entry field in its history Twenty-one schools are rdprfesented, including Penn State, Connecticut State, Dartmouth, and Rhode Island State from the east Several Western Conference schools are entered including Indiana University, last yeit’s winner Last Year’s Winners The Hoosiers won in 1940 with a 'total of 65 points, but they just shaded Michigan Normal who amassed a total of 68 Michigan Normal can always be counted on to have an exceptionally strong squad Others close behind these two were Rhode Island State, Michigan State, and Notre Dame Last year’s individual winner, Gilbert Dodds of Ashland College, Ashland, Kentucky, has graduated, however Notre Dame’s Oliver Hunter who took second place last year
for Indiana natiie _ Polish Defense ^Against Hoosier
A Tribute
Attack; Smock Reiiirhs To T§Sm With the majority of the student body speculating whether
Twelve seniors Wik tnafce the trip to Bloomington this coming Saturday for their last fling at college football. As the final gun brings an end to the battle aghinst Indiana, to
twelve gridiron veterans will come the realization that the tb take the train, or hitch-hike home for the Thanksgiving joys, the heartachesf, the competitive thrills of America’s vacation, Coach Mai Ellward, his staff, and the rtieihbers^ greatest game will no longer be a part of their life. Not a the Boilermaker gridiron squad will paSS this ohe «ip iir Order single man of the twelve will begrudge the long hoUrs of td take full advantage of the three practice sessions avaiiaWe hard work and fthe injuries, that many a time made them the battle with Indiana’s Fightin’ Hoosiers next Satask themselves if the reward was worth the price they were bfday. ’ paying. Part of their reward will be the ever lingering memory Although the team is not in the best possible physical o£ their gridiron days at Purdue. condition, and hasn’t been all season because of a persisting
The twelve veterans, whb will give their best for the last|*^ time are John Brown, Bill Combs, John Galvin, Bob Kersey, Tom Melton, Jim Miller, John Petty, Italo Kossi, Jim Rush, Forrest Sprowl, Wes Stevens, and Pete Timperman. To this dozen we express our envy for their experiences, our admiration for their accomplishments and bur debt to them for the
honor they have brought to our school.
f 't" 'I •;—r Faculty Bowling
LEAGUE STANDING
A QUIZZ with but one answer • Do Yon Know How to Improve Yonr Personal Appearance? • How Can Yon Gel Longer Wear From Yonr Clothes? • How Do Yon Protect Yonr Clothes From Moth Damage? • How Can Yon Be Sure of Prompt Piek-np anti Delivery Service? • How Can Yonr Hal Be Cleaned and Blocked So It Is Repellent to Water? "
USE CHOJVN CLEANING SERVICE
will be back Anothei strong competitoi among the 1941 Antpps will be Robeit Nichols of |lhode Island
State who has been defeated only Agr Extension once this yeAl Animal Husbandry
Tough Foui-Mile Grind Engh^ In spite of Michigan State’s tough ’’
foul mile layout, the winnei’s time General Engi in 1940 was twenty Ynmutes flat DaVry^"®*^ Rivetei captain, Ed Holdeiman will Recitation , . T 1 » -n X Horticulture 2 seek levenge against Indiana s Fled Agr Engr Wilt If Appleton, Kemp, Roach, } Jaivis, Kmdei, and McLaughlin Elec ^gr 2 perfoim as ably undei Coach Phil- chem Engr
lip’s diiection as they have m all pievious meets Boilermaker fans Speech
may be assuied of victoiy ws Agr^^chem 2
Agionomy
A#?i* Chen? i Highway Res
Chemibtiy 1
Agi Chem. 1 General StoTes
The fiateinity touchball tourney, chemistry 2 which IS lapidly drawing to a close, pha'rmacy
came a step neaiei to the final game Team Sets
last night when two games weie Speech plaved on Intiamuial Field The Agr'"Extensmn''*^^ Sigma Chi team defeated Delta Tau General Stores
Intramural News
llijufy jinx, the one bkgfit spot thnt ftiofe thah halsci^s the physical handicap is the mental attitude of the team, for the thought uppermost m the mmd of every player is “beat Indiana” Mai lemaiked that the risk involved in putting the squad through stienjious contact sciimmages, and An organization meeting of the
Purdue Gymnastic Cub, held last ^reat to chance be-
fore such an important contest. With this in mmd, practice for the
Gyrtinasts Sclietiule Regular Practices Iniide Tiddhouse
L W4ek) was a heated success and
I marks Ihe^ beginning bf an activity . , , , 9 that pibmises to becomb one of the remaining part of the week will be ig outstanding organiaztions on the designed as to afford the great-
1; campus The club’s sponsor, Doctor ® 11 Floyd Eastwood, piesided at the number of injuries 12 meeting Hoctoi Eastwood stiessed Stop Hillenbrand Passes
Jg the point of safety in legald to suf- Considerable time will be spOnt li fiOient mats and helpeis to pi event in dummy scrimmage m an effort 14 falls fiom difficult exercises Gym- to make suie that every man will hashes is consideied one of the most know his assignment regardless of 14 dangelous spoits in the field of ath- what situation may piesent itself i4^1fetics in the couise of the game Also, Co-Captains special attention will be placed upSeth Andeison, veteran gymnast developing a pass defense that fiom LaGrahge, Illinois, and Frank accurate thrusts of
14
Cortese, New Jeisey state parallel
the sensational Bill Hillenbrand,
Delta’s squad in a haid fought con- Knou test, 6 to 0 Phi Kappa Psi and Al- Lc'hke” pha Chi Rho battled to a scoieless Hoefer tie and will be forced to play again next Monday The winner of this pan will meet the Phi Delta Theta team for the piivilege of playing
Sigma Ghi for the title ROSENTHAL'S
322 Mam St.
A STORE FOR YOUNG MEN McGREGOR SPORTSWEAR
Hie:h Individual Sets
2527 2500 2463 2415
583
Higrh Team Games
Speech
Animal Husbandry
Agr Extension
Poultry
High Individual Games
Knoll Petty
Hoefer Mungei
High Team Set To Date Animal Husbandry High Team Game To Date
Civil Engl
High Weekly Individual Game Knoll . High Weekly Individual Sets To Date Stuckey 625 Spencer 607 Eibkcy 587
bai champion, will be the co-cap- ^he veteian Earl Doloway. tains of the club’s team Seth is in With the woid that a cast has the school of engineenng and has been placed on Co-Captam Tommy been a meinbei of the gym club foi Melton’s leg, which he injured badsevfeial yeais Seth also was an out- ly ut the third quarter of the Wisstaiiding side-hoise star on the So- consin tilt, no time has been lost kol Gymnastic team of Chica&o m grooiflihg Bill Powers to plug Fidhk Cortese hails fiom East the gap that the loss of this mamOrange, New Jersey, and is a jun- stay has left in the Boilermaker
ibi in the School of Engineenng foiwaid wall
At home, Frank was a member of TitiiperiitaA Doubtful
ooo local YMCA Gymnastic team jf not bad enough, 861 where he gained fame as one of the Potg Timpeiman, whose aggravated
Outstanding paiallel bar men of gmus condition has made it necesNew Jeisey for him to spend quite a ffeW Newcomer days in the hospital, may not be in A newcomei in the ranks of the sufficiently good health for him to club, IS Ed Giuis who hails from see much action against our down-
Cliicago Ed attended Austin High state foes
School AVhere he won the 1941 Him- ^ brightei vein, however, the ois -state high school tumbling .gfuj-n of Kenny Smock, outstandchampionship. Ed has been seen do- jj^g. sophomore halfback, to placing some of the most difficult feats jjas added ednsideiable stiengfh irt his tumbling exexcises He also f^e backfield combination, and is a nephew of one of the best known j^^y ■weihset a spark to the lagging
men on t^e eampus, Doctoi Millei, Rj^etei offertsive.
besides being a membei of the
888 870 865
236 21-> 214 213
2o46
905
Sophomores Again
Elwaid hinted that Johnny Andietrch, whose impressive running and hard plunging ha^ earned for
cheei leading squad
Other gymnasts who have been working out steadily are the fol-
lowing Fred Speyer, Fied Turner, , - . . _ , c, i X, Tr xxr 11 him the praise of fans and coaches Flank Suito, Ray Kasnia, William , , ,, , ,, , ^
Wo,. alike, will piobaWy see plenty
Buit, Bob Platt, Lewis Waie, Dave Moiiison, Wayne Brown, H Newport, Don Haase, Dai a Sekban, E H Cooper, Bill Strickland, J Kuhl man, Bax Bahlei, Edward Young, Jack Evans, and Wally Pozei, Jr Lewis Ware and Don Haase have learned then gymnastics from Joe Giallombardo (National AAU and IntCtcollegiate Tumbling Champion of 1939) at then high school at Win-
netlra, Illinois
The Puiclue Gymnastic Club holds
oppoitumty to make use of his talent when game time lolls around this week-end Francis Meekim and Kenny Smock, operating at the right and left halfback spots respectively, aie two othef^ sophomoie stars who will be eallhd upon to show their wares against the
HooSieis '
While the Boilerfnakerh Wert engaged in the struggle wtfii 'Wisconsin, the Hoosiefs Wetfe ehj'oying an off date add Will havte the ad-
Jhank&ji^jLnq, MEATS TURKEYS—Plump young toms wiLh plenty of good rich meat. STEAKS—Delicious sirloin steaks RIB ROAST—Grade A roast that is really tendei OTHER INEXPENSIVE DELICIOUS FRESH MEATS
CITY MEAT MARKET
I'oriy hliccl (OpiioHilc Post Oliicc)
Phone 5372
A Great “Between Class” Game ' for EVERYONE /
JhsL fflWlduSL Wbun&UjciL WdovL The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
its iegulai practice period eveiy , ~ . i.. ~ , xxr j j J w J vantage of tw6 full Weeks foi the Monday, Wednesday, and Friday „ ® ^ j j
1 4. perfecting 01 then offensivOandde-
fiotn 4 to 6 p m Optional practice ^ * ^ u 11 n, 4.1 V 4111, j 1 I fensive stiategy for this one game IS held on Tuesday, ThiJrsday, and ^ , Tj « v , . Oil j! A 4. c Hillenbiand ahd Doloway have »eSatqiday from 4 to 6 p., m ... .
voted d lot of tiiile to polishing the overhead gdmet and Capt ijeiie White, i-emembeied foi his last minute field goal that spelled defeat for the Riveters m last yeai’s episode of the perelmial struggle, Eddie Heibeit, and Lou Saban have 'been perfeetmg'^thetr kieking toes
Everything for a College Education
DEAC’S
r/
Sure, the
KAMPUS KITCHEN Will Be Open During the Thanksgiving^ Vacation
THURSDAY SPECIAL ROAST YOUNG TOM TURKEY CHOICE: Whipped or Candied Sweet Potatoes CHOICE: Fresh Peas and Carrots Fresh String Beans Oyster Dressing „ ~ Moulded Ccanherry Saiioe Included Home Made Cloyer Leaf Rolls
Choice of Drink
40(^
mA. i4-.v
Tank Races Threaten Records
By D. E. Brewer
' I With final plans for the 1941 Aquacade, to be held in the jpieldhouse pool, Nov. 28-29, being arranged, and tickets for the water carnival selling hot and heavy. Coach Dick Papenj^th’s team is rounding into shape to give spectators a bag full of events at the annual show*.' i World’s records will be quaking in their boots when the i^apenguth aquatic stars slice the water. Sophomore Jim ibilley, Riveter back-stroke ^ — king from Huntington, will selected for the All-American tace back-stroke against a the greatest i ... , . > possible competition out of the re-free-style teammate m an at- Coach PaiJenguth has tempt to break the world S divided the Boilermaker f r e e - iback-stroke record of 43.3 sec- stylers into two teams according bnds, held by Adolf Kiefer of to their strength. Carney, Snead, the Chicago Towers Club. Kiefer Herr, and Lake make up the tenta8ct an unofficial record of 42.1 sec- tive squad which will face another, 4nds in last year’s Aquacade, Dil- composed of Kratzer, LaBaw, BrenIfey finishing close bhind to break Smith, tihe old record also. Hansel Will Change Distance I Joe Williamson, junior breast- Different from the average run of dtroker, and yearling Koy Heidke, tank races will be the one in which Another breaststroke artist, will be Vernon Hansel, ordinarily swimi^atured in sprint and middle dis- ming 440-1500 meter distances, will tance races both nights of the compete in a 200 yard event against . kQUtlcade. Heidke, hailing from either Hazelwood, Eriksen, or Chicago High School, set a new pool Krueck. This is the first year Pafecord of 1 minute, 3.4 seconds, in penguth has attempted a race of tlie 100 yard bi'eaststroke when he this type and hopes to get some new Was a guest at last year’s carnival, and different results. Girl Races Boilermaker Besides John Dilley’s backstroke ■y Patty Aspinall, , youthful worn- performance for the annual Aquacn’s champ in the breaststroke, will cade, Nov. 28-29, will be a 100-yard face against freshman Bob Barnard backstroke duel between Ted Ante give the spectators an idea of dersen, senior; Johnnie Owens, a how her swimming compares with freshman; Curly Anderson, senior; ^hat of a better-than-average col- and Jack Ancker, a junior. Betty lege freshman. Patty broke her old Bemis, National 440-yard women'’s fecord and set a new American rec- free-style champion, will be on hand prd for the 200-yard h*reaststroke to give either. a free-style or backlast year and will be gunning for stroke exhibition for the Aquacade another record. Last week she was spectators.
Booster's 'Idea Clinic' Offers Round Tables To Aid Potential Inventors
By. Wayne Summers Ideas, the basis of all inventions, lurk in the minds of everyone, especially the engineer. It is the desire of all inventors to discuss these ideas and gain new facts as to their probability to work. The “idea clinic” conducted by C. F. Boester, head of the Purdue housing research gives all these potential inventors the chance for Which they are searching. These informal round table discussions give all an equal participation in criticizing ideas and airing the Views of those attending. Ideas, no matter to what they pertain, are suggested and then commented on by all those participating. Subjects for one night’s meeting varied from a practical way to remove tin from tin cans to improving mannikins in store win-
dows.
At each meeting a guest from the University staff is invited to sit in on a meeting and enter in the general discussions and offer accurate information and comments. According to Boester, the primary purpose of the clinic is to suggest ways of improving the proposed inventions and proposing a possible means to carry out the
theory. The single purpose is to let the student get the idea into words and tell it to others. These informal meetings are held every Thursday night in the room next to the Puttering Shop. It is a meeting which by free discussion enables the potential inventor to perhaps see his life long dream become a reajjty and carried out to industry. . -
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph Work done. C. J. EbershofT, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Lost! Lancet watch in East Men’s Room, Union Building. Please call 66762. Lost:, One L. L. D. D. Slide Rule in Armory, Nov. 18. Name of James W. Orton on case: Reward. Call Orton at 3301.
Hays jewelry Co. 131 North Fourth St. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price
Ndtices
ASME: Debris picture will be taken at 7:80 p. m. Nov. 27, in main ballroom of the Union, —UTLEY Novice Pistol: Aiiy student desiring to fire the Fifth Novice Pistol .Group starting' November 26 should sign up as soon as possible in the Supply Room. --BROWN Zouave Actives and'Pledges: Formal.initiation Monday, November 24, at 6:30 p/ m. in room 106 of Armory. Banquet following. ' —GRAF. Pi Tan Sigma: New initiates can obtain keys from me at Triangle Fraternity. Keys are on my desk. Please check initials. A—SHANE. ASME Members: There will be two inspection trips next week to plants in town. The first trip will be to the Fairfield Manufacturing Gompany on Tuesday, Nov: '26, at 4 p. m. The second trip , will be .to the Schwab Safe Co. on Nov. 26 at 2 p. m. Those interested should Sign notices in front of the ME office. —TOPINKA
Engineering Students: There will be a meeting of> the ASME on Monday, Nov: 24, in room 207 of the Mechanical Ene’pci"ing Building at 7 :80 p. m. Mr. R. D. Kelly of United Air Lines will speea on "Future Air Transports.” Movies of the DC-4 will be shown. For an ini'’ri'stl*i<> talk come to this meeting on the first day
after the Thanksgiving vacation.
—iOPINKA
All Military Students: Uniforms will not be required at drills and classes Wednesday, Nov, 19. ...
—GRAHAM
Camera Club: Exhibitors please call, for contest prints in Student Union Office between 4 and 6 p. m. —HOFFER Sophomore Mechanical Engineers: Bring a slide rule to the ME 90 lecture next week, Thursday, Nov. 27. CLARK ■
Sophomore Military .Students:' All 'who have not returned Advanced; GburSe Questionnaire by 4 p. nil. Monday,'Novi 24, will be considered as not interested- i —FIORD AN Union Sophomore'’Workers: TheKC will be a committee meeting Monday, Nov.; 24; of the following people: Chestnutt, Gwinn, <3arr, Adams, Alter, Christy, MacDonald, and Gee, . —WGRL SAE: R. D. Kelley, in charge of research and development for the United; Airlines, will be present at our meeting bn Monday, •Nov! 24, at 7:30 P, m. in rootn 204 of the, Mechanical Engineering building. Kelley has some personal movies of the Douglas DC-4, taken since his graduation from Purdue in 1926. He will speak about the future Of air transports. b; —KEIL
CE 22 Students: rne examination "to
Alpha Phi Omega: Election postponed remove C or I grades in CE 22 wUl bo itil Tuesday, Nov. 26, at 7:30 p. m. in given from 1-4 p. m. Saturday, Nov. 29, in
■ Room 301 of the Civil Bldg. Those interested -SIGLER please see me at once. —-SONESON ,
until
room 307 of the Union.
(F
M.
E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
PINE BAR GRILL Parties Our Speicalty 200 Columbia
Subscribe To Your Campus Daily
11^
YO-U’BE i^LWAYS .WELCOME AT WA L GHE E N ’ S
li
"NEW YORK CENTRAL SYSTEM' Purdue Football Team Special Train Ly. LAFAYETTE 9:00 A. M. Sat. Nov. 22 Ar. STADIUM BLOOMINGTON, IND 11:45 A. M. Sat. Nov. 22 Team train will be parked at Stadium for accupancy prior to and immediately following the game. Special dining cars to serve lunch and dinner. RETURNING Lv. BLOOMINGTON, IND, 5:00 P. M. Sat. Nov. 22 Ar. LAFAYETTE . 7:45 P. M. Sat. Nov. 22 ROUND TRIP COACH FARE $3.05, plus 15c tax In order that ample accomodations may be provided please call Earl Yancey, Telephone 6303.
LET’S TALK TURKEY, Mr. Merchant
Going Hunting During Thanksgiving Vacation?
Thanksgiving Vacation is coming soon—and right after that, Christmas. It’s a big season, Mr. Merchant, no need to tell you that. And the students of Purdue are going to do most of their buying here, right in your stores. The thing to do, Mr. Merchant, is tell them what you’ve got—let them know you’re trying to please them. You ean best do that by advertising in-
Bring your car in and let our expert mechanics give it that final check-up before that hunting trip, or that trip home over Thanksgiving.