Pan-Hellenic To Sponsor Co-ed Bid Dance Friday An exclusively Greek-letter co-ed bid dance will be staged Friday night in the Union ballroom as the Women’s Pan-Hel-lenic council and its affiliated-sorority members dance to the music of Art Kassel and his “Kassels in the Air.” Couilcil members and their dates
Music Maker
will be Entertained at a formal dinner in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union before the dance. -Charlotte Lochher has planned this part of the evening’s entertainment. Aquamarine orchestra frants and a similar backgrounded backdrop will be lettered in black—"Women’s Pan-Hellenic, 1939." Colored lighting -^11 be used in the wall panels and the ballroom will be decorated in sorority colors. Each couple will carry a blue suede program with gold letters. Tickets will be on sale in all sorority houses until 3:30 tomorrow aftornoon. Virginia Steele, chairman of the ticket committee, asks that all tickets and money be turned in to her at that time. All organized girls whose sororities Sire not on this campus are requested to get their tickets from Miss Steele, priced at two dollars each. Musk Room Adopts New Policy; Goes In Effect Thursday In accordance with a new policy the Union music room may be reserved in the evening in order that long musical compositions may be played. This privilege is extended only to groups, and not to individuals. Requests for evening use of this room may be sent to Thais Crepps and John Richardson in the _S^tudent Union office. First of these programs will be the opera “Faust,” by Goethe. The opera will be played tomorrow evening from 7:30 to 10:30 ip the music room. Even though the room is reserved for a definite selection, Union officials invite all music-loving students to attend the program. Exponent Issues New Call-Out For Frosh Freshmen who have definite interest in either the editorial or business phase of newspaper work will have an Opportunity, to learn how the Exponent operates at a meeting in room E of the Memorial Uniqn Building at 7:30 tomorrow
night.
This is the second call of the semester for freshmen to join the ranks of Exponent workers. There are openings on both editorial and business staffs for students who have a desire for such an activity. Previous experience is not neces-
sary.
The meeting will deal primarily with the organization and operation of the paper. Following this opening meeting, a training course much like the one given the first semester will be conducted to better familiarize new workers. Those freshmen who are interested in going ahead with the work after learning of the paper’s organization will participate in the training course.
' Art Kassel, Pan-Hellenic dance maestro. (See story to left) Monroe Explains To 400 Seniors Cardinal Points Of Interview Four hundred senior students heard the lecture of Prof. Alan Monroe, speech department' head, on “How to Interview an Employer” yesterday afternoon in main lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. Prof. Monroe stated that three factors are important for students to remember during an interview; to present a reasonably confident manner towards the interviewer; to be sure to include concrete facts when talking about yourself; and to emphasize your strong points to the prospective employer. Prof. Monroe demonstrated various points to include in the interview when he interviewed Robert Hoi'n, speech department instructor, and three students in the engineering schools. Student Union Calls For Frosh Workers “Freshmen interested in working on Student Union this semester must attend the meeting in the Union faculty lounge at 4 o’clock Wednesday,” said Ted Cabonargi, Student Union Board Executive, yesterday. Organization of the Student Union and its various activities will be explained in full at the meeting. Members of the Union Board and Manager Lloyd Vallely will be introduced to the freshmen. Each member of the Board will tell about his particular phase of work. Any freshmen unable to attend the meeting can obtain his registration blank and questionnaire by calling at the Student Union office any afternoon.
Washington's 186th Birthday Today; Local Art Museum Has Original Picture Display
By Mary Burtsfield ■«■■■— “My whole life has been dedicated to my country at one time or another,” once said George Washington. Aptly, in one sentence, he expx’essed an autobiography of his life, setting an example which today, on his one hundred and eightysixth birthday, makes us pause in reverence. Today we clebrate the birthday of the “Father of Our
Country.”
In the Tippecqnoe County Historical Society at 663 Main Street, in Lafayette, hangs a picture of Gen. Washington, brought in 1846 from Hartford, Conn., to Lafayette by Henry L. Ellsworth, who soon became a well known citizen and the owner of many acres of land in the vicinity of Lafayette. Artist Unknown The identity of the artist is the subject of much controversy. Many believe it was painted by Gilbert Stuart, while others think it was
merely a copy of Stuart’s famous picture painted for Peter Jay Monroe, which may be seen in the Public Library of New York City. No one saw more clearly than Washington the need of a strong central government. Willingly he‘ gave up the pursuit of pleasant days as a country squire to serve his country when it needed him. In 1776, he left Mt. Vernon, his beautiful estate on the Potomac, to seiwe as commander-in-chief of the Continental armjjr. 'Then in 1789, 14 years later, he journey to New York to assume ,the duties of the first President of the United States. - The name, “American” our birthright, must always exalt, as Washington said, the highest patriotism for independence and liberty for which our fathers fought and triumphed, and which we, 186 years later, must guard with solemn reso-
lution.
Angna Enters Wil
Pvnon Ant ® Tonight
* I Appears In Memorial Gvm Before Frosh.
WEDNESDAY Februoty 22,1939 - Lafayette, Indiana Vol. 50 No. 120
Willoughby Will Discuss Hobbies At WSGA Meet Professor Marian Willoughby, clothing and textiles instructor in the home economics school, will address WSGA members on “Hobbies” at the organization’s mass meeting tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the women’s lounge of the Union.
Before her lecture Miss WilloughTen Frosh Co-eds Nominated To Run For Class Queen
Ten freshman co-eds have been nominated for class queen, but one of whom will be chosen at the Green Potter dance Saturday night in the Union ballroom. Co-eds running for frosh queen are Mickey Upshur, Vivian Peterson, Marjory Baldwin, Eleanor Kistler, Joan Paulus, Corrine Reifers, Helen Lange, Vivian Dickerson, Jane Ostrander, and Barbara Hyman. Dick DeGarmo, freshman prexy in charge of arrangements,/ announced that Bill Bardo’s band will play. Bardo’s orchestra was featured several weeks ago at the Mars theatre. Milt Shaver is program chairman and Wells Martin is in charge of advertising. • The dance will be a regular Saturday mixer open to all-students, but will honor the frosh. Delta Tau Delta... . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men: F. J. Daoust, Definance, O.; W. A. Hepburn, Toronto, Canada; R. H. McGhee, Gary; J. W. Mercei-, Indianapolis; R. B. Stecker, Leonia, N. J.; W. M. Walton, Valparaiso; W. A. Wright, Portland, Me.; C. G. Yates, Aurora, 111.
Alpha Chi Rho Wins Mohiman Contest By Defeating Cary Hail NW In Fowler Hall Alpha Chi Rho fraternity took the Mohiman cup home last night from Fowler Hall after winning the final contest in the twelfth annual Mohiman intra-mural debate tournament over the Cary Hall Northwest team.
Name of the winning team will be engraved on the cup and they will retain possession of it until next year’s final contest. Last night’s speakers and managers of the two teams will be presented specially designed silver and gold keys at the annual stump, stage and studio banquet, which will be held in May. Spraker, Hobbs Members of the Alpha Chi Rho team, Richard Spraker and Vernon Hobbs, who upheld the affirmative side of the question, defeated Lloyd Richardson and John Kruger of Cary Hall Northwest on the subject “Resolved: That t^e present federal wage and hours law should be repealed.” These two teams were eliminated from forty-six teams which entered the tournament and were representatives of twenty-five fraternities. Set Up Criteria The affirmative team set up a criteria by which all laws on social legislation should be judged and showed that the present law djd not meet these criteria. The negative attempted to prove that the law was desirable as it now stands. Manager of the Alpha Chi Rho team was Hal Taylor, and manager of the Cary Hall Northwest team was Bert Bohlin. Judges for the event were Dr. Alan H. Monroe, Prof. P. E. Lull, and Mr. Leland Winch.
Prom Decoration Plans Including Expenses Due In Union Office March I Prom decoration suggestions will have to be,turned in by March 1, according to Vincent Hruby, chairman of the Px’om decoration committee. “To date there have been several suggestions turned in, but we want more,” said Hruby last evening. The suggestions must include a construction plan of the proposed decorations, and an itemized expanse account. Complete decorations must not exceed $200, for both ballroom and cafeteria. A complimentary ticket to Prom will be given for the winning suggestions. Suggestions are not restricted to juniors and seniors, and underclassmen are urged to submit plans. They may he left at the Student Union office in Union Building. AnnSIckman... . T'. HE ’40, is Indiana representative to the National Cherry Pie contest in Chicago today. Last yeai’ Mary Wien, HE ’39, was the winner in the national contest.
Appears In Memorial Gp Before Frosh, Seniors; Juniors, Sophomores Tomorrow Angna Enters, whose accomplishments in the art of dance mime have given her an international following, will make her first appearance on the Purdue campus tonight and tomorrow evening at the convocation in Memorial Gsrmnasium. She will present her “Episodes and Compositions in Dance Form” beginning at 8 p. m. Only freshmen, seniors, and staff members will be admitted tonight. Tomorrow night’s convo will be for sophomores and junions. wriWk JBL Single admission tickets may be wrV purchased for one dollar at the door
each evening, and agriculture short course students will be admitted for
by will arrange a display of unusual dolls taken from her own collection. She now has over 200 colorfully dressed dolls representing traditional costumes throughout the world. Miss Willoughby will also exhibit interesting autographs which she has received from outstanding
American personalities.
At the close of the meeting freshmen will elect two representatives for positions on the WSGA executive board. Petitions for the openings have been submitted by Mary. Ruth Craig, Bonnie ^wope, Mary Elizabeth Henry, Thelma Cox, June Close, Janet Bourne, Janet Avery, Joyce Fielden, and MO|llie Harding. Freshmen intending^ to vote must present their passports, WSGA of-
ficials have stated.
Professor J. McKee Says 'How The Heck" By the Phoning Reporter We were trying to find out for your benefit last night the correct pronunciation of tonight’s convocation artist’s name. We called Professor J. H. McKee. Said he, “How the heck would You pronounce it?” He added that it seemed like a phy-
sical impossibility.
We next called “Professor Jack Gunn” at “Doc” McKee’s suggestion. The convocation committee chairman says that Angna may be pronounced “Anj-na,” Enters simply “Enters”—as' a room. How would you pronounce “Angna En-
ters?”
Angna Enters, dancer for convocation. (See story to right) Murphy Lectures On Democracy Survival At Honorary Meeting “This generation or the one to follow must decide whether the present system of democracy shall survive,” stated professor Charley Murphy, of the 'history, economics, and government department at a meeting of Delta Rho Kappa, science honorary, held in the old Chestnut room of the Union last night. Professor Murphy emphasized the fact that a new aristocracy of wealth has arisen which is threatening political democracy and dominating our legislation. This aristocracy has risen due to the closing of the frontier and the growth of the industrial system, he said. R. A. Hannas, president of the society, urged that all members desiring keys order them immediately from Martin Estey. Dean Enders, faculty advisor was also present at the meeting. Refreshments of coffee and sandwiches were served after the talk. A. W. McCrecken... . . . former student and vocational teacher at Greensburg High School, died yesterday afternoon after suffering for nearly J;wo months from heart attacks. McCrecken was well known om the agriculture campus for his vocational and 4-H Club work.
Senior Co-eds Survey Silverware Display; Vote On Style For Pattern Design Study
By Marjorie Couter
“Whi<?h pattern do you like the best?” “The simplicity of this design would be perfect for a modem home.” These remarks were in the air as senior co-eds were given an opportunity to see actual samples of sterling silverware displayed by the Towle Silversmith Company in the Home Economics Building.
20 Patterns In Exhibit
Twenty well-chosen modern and antique patterns are on exhibition, and the senior women are requested to examine carefully each piece of the fine silverware for design and workmanship. Each co-ed is handed a questionnaire in which she may state her preference and the reasons for her choice. The results will be tabulated and used in vai'ious studies of pattern design and mer-
chandising.
According to the results of the survey begun yesterday, one of the two most popular patterns is Ram-
bler Rose, an original modern design, which is a lovely combination of rich ornamentation, and simplicity. Chippendale, second-raific-ing in votes, has the beauty of an 18th centxiry design, with a suggestion of the swinging curved lines of
today.
Others Outstanding Other styles that were especially outstanding were the Aristocrat, which has long, flowing lines; Candlelight, an ornate copy of the Renaissance style; and Cascade, a modem pattern, whose natural curving motif suggests cool, cascading wa-
ters.
Those in charge of the silver exhibit will make an effort today to reach all senior women who have not seen the display. Although the survey is limited/to swiiors, any co-ed wquld enjoy seeing the excellent i^raftmansmp in this well-
proportioned silverware.
Immediately following the convocation this evening members of the Student Union Board will hold a reception for Miss Enters in the main lounge of the Union Building. Union officials invite students, faculty members, and townspeople to meet Miss Enters. 60 cents upon presentation of their identification cards. The Program American Ballet 1914-16 Pique Nique Delibes Little Sally Waters Three stages Queen of Heaven....Gautier de Coinm Aphrodisiac Green Hour O, The Pain Of It (Very “Modern Abstract”) Intermission Vienna, Provincial 1910 A Sequence In Three Movements: a. Return from Prayers b. The Party c. Return from Party Piano Music No. 4....Commencement Auto Da Fe Spain, 16th Century Pavana Spain, 16th Century Boy Cardinal ....Spain, 16th Century Field Day Sousa Angna Enters began her career of dance mime in 1926 with her debut at the Greenwich Village Theatre in New York. She has since then traveled extensively in Europe, giving performances in London, Paris, Me,drid, and is acclaimed an (See CONVO, Page 4, col 1) « Influenza Cases In Local Hospitals Now Number Forty-Two Thirty-five infiuenza cases in all were reported yesterday from the Home Hospital; and seven from St. Elizabeth’s, making a total of 42. Thirteen students entered the city hospitals yesterday with influenza, while seven were released. The ten students who entered the Home Hospital were: Vernon Flaherty, James Woodson, Roy Day, James Kutz, Brandt Bechtold, Hugh Scott, Jack Margolis, Floyd Dougherty, Thomas White, and Thomas Stephens. Those released from the Home Hospital were: Richard Clark, Richard Eva, Francis Rieger, lilys Brownlee, and Robert D. Whitney. Entering St. Elisabeth’s Hospital were: Ralph Hawker, John Henderson, and Miss Phyllis Smith. James Gerard was released from St. Elizabeth’s.I i
wm
wm
Wl
f
/&W7? /
r
£dibfuaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
JtoatuhoA. / Wednesday, February 22,1939
The Purdue Exponent
Co-ed editor: Sally McKee ^ Junior editors: Joy Johnson, Betty Wickard, Georgann Schilling. Sophomore Assistants: Charlotte Sebast, Marie Johnson, Georgia Carroll, Betty Cocking, Alberta Densford, Beth Simpson, Jane Briscoe, Fairy Totten, Marie Butz, Janet Pickering, Ruth Schlitter. Freshmen Assistants: Dorothy Jaap, Mary Jane Bird, Donna Seiss, Marjorie Couter, Ruth King, Pauline Guise, Naomi Abel.
Night Editor—^Terrio
Issue Editor—Schilling
3[jdjtsiJiSuio ihsL^dUo/L
Playshop Replies To the Elditor: Dear Sir: Ordinarily the Exponent adheres to its high ideals of upholding the better of the student body’s interests on this campus. However, from your editorial of Tuesday, February 21, it would appear to those ‘in the know” that the writer of that article didn’t know just exactly or even remotely what he was talking about. Now please, Mr. Stanback, don’t hasten to reassure us that you’re acting in your role of watchdog of student rights. If such is your part, why weren’t you at the meeting at which these changes were made? I have every assurance that you were duly informed both as to time and place. It seems only logical to me that the discussion during that meeting would have greatly enlightened you. In the first place, the meeting was not a “hotly controversial session.” It was more on the order of an intelligent discussion, by people who knew whereof they spoke. Secondly, and I know this will be a surprise to you, the suggestion for deleting those articles came not from the faculty members present, but from the writer of this article. A fter considerable experience along the line of participation in such shows, I feel, Mr. Stanback, that I am a little better qualified to voice an opinion than you are. Witness the last three spring musical shows: Had you been behind the scenes and had a chance to observe intelligently the mismanagement on the part of incapable students, you would know just why competent management and direction is essential. My only interest in the whole matter is to see a show put on that is good in all branches. Such a goal cannot be reached with student “mismanagement.” True, of course, is the fact that both Mr. Carmichael and Mr. Stewart were directors in all of those productions, but—^their hands were tied when it came to deciding matters of policy. If we want a truly good show, may I suggest that the responsibilitty be concentrated in the hands of competent men, and not lavished upon inexperienced students. Now please don’t think that I’m advocating the abolition of student assistants, etc. All that I want to see is that those two men whom you so grossly and ignorantly abuse Mr. Stanback, have a free hand in putting a show together. Come on, let’s give them a chance —after all, students haven’t revolutionized the show production business on this campus in the last three years — let’s see what Mr. Carmichael and Mr. Stewart can do. Last of all, the deleting of Art. II, Par. 6, was another of my suggestions made to avoid the impleasant stench that was stirred up after last year’s show. If such provision were put in a constitution, students would have a right to expect to be rewarded by a free feed or dance. It is my contention that the only reward necessary is the satisfaction arising from a good job well done. And then too, isn’t it only fair that the organizations underwriting such a venture should be re-imbursed for their risk? But this was all hashed over and settled to the satisfaction of all concerned last spring—consult your Exponent files and check up. Think it over, Mr. Stanback—I think you’re all wet. F. C. Ahrens, CE ’39 President Playshop.
Musical Group Too Dear Editor: We, the students in the Musical Organizations of Purdue University, through our representatives, the Executive Committee, under date of Tuesday, February 21,1939, wish to go on record as being opposed to participation in an AllCampus production this year— if the attitude expressed in the Exponent is representative of the sentiment of the general student body. We have taken this stand because it was our student representatives with those of Playshop, that suggested the changes in our constitution, and we are anxious to support these student representatives. Our organizations, with Playshop assume the financing—and receive a portion of earnings, yet have to share the entire losses. We are not anxious to risk loss of fund through inexperienced management or direction. The small number of petitions filed yesterday indicated lack of student interest in managerial and directorial positions, therefore, why should we underwrite a show managed by students who must be prodded to even seek managerial positions ? If the general student opinion is opposed to that as expressed by the Exponent, we are anxious to cooperate in a production under the direction and management of Messers Carmichael and Stewart, with such student assistants as they, judging from their experience in such production, deem advisable. Signed: Paul F. Worcester, Ag ’39 Mgr. Purdue Glee Club. Morris H. Erickson, Ag ’40 Mgr Purdue Univ. Choir Van W. Coddington, ’39 Mgr. Concert Choir. Robert A. Phillips, ’39 Mgr. Concert Orchestra Harold F. Schulte, ’40 Treas. Mus, Organza. Martha Moorhead ’40. Coed Rep. on Exec. Com. Passed by more than 200 student members of Musical Organizations, Tuesday, February 21, 1939.
—TODAY-
T W 0 F E A T U R E S
Fred ASTAIRE
Ginger ROGERS
CAREFREE — Plus—STORM aVER BENGAL — with — RICHARD CROMWELL ROCHELLE HUDSON
STARTS TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
The Roaring Show from Rhythm Row!
plus —- PETER LORRE — IN— y THANK YOU MR. MOTO
EXTRA MICKEY MOUSE CARTOON
COMING GUNGA DIN
Bold ana Black VERA HUGLE is trying to get in circulation, so she says. Along with dating CARL PANDEL, she’s been circulating with a certain D. U. pledge. —B-B— What’s your trouble, McCreery? I’ve heard tell that it’s your good looking car that provides you with all your dates. —B-B— MAXINE CHAILLE, Alpha Xi, had a Phi Delt pin planted on her over the week end. JIM HARPER, formerly of Cary Club, now big butter and egg man or bread man from Indianapolis, takes all the credit. —B-B— Three strikes and you’re out— anyway that’s the way I heard it. Don’t you know that, LIBBY FUNCETT? —B-B— JEAN PRAY is lovely in black— you know she is a widow these days. But she would like a few dates. —B-B— ELWYN GINGRICH and HELEN RAE WILSON are being seen together again. Funny thing — we thought she was giving a certain SAE the run around. —B-B— Who was the gal who called up the SPE ho]j§e and asked for “Daddy?” She wanted to talk to Dick McNeil, so from now on just call him “Daddy” McNeil. “Does HER heart belong to Daddy?” —B-B— Skid Cox, much-publicized sweetheart of Cary Hall, still claims there isn’t a GENTLEMAN on the campus she can’t handle. Here is opportunity banging on the door. —B-B— Jeep Smith, junior ME, is advertising for a blue-eyed blonde, preferably seducive, to keep him company on a long walk through the woods. See J. P, Smith in the directory. —B-B— Bud (Pretty Boy) Thompson fell asleep in the barber’s chair last
LUMA — LAST DAY— |ANE WITHERS 'ALWAYS IN TROUBLE'
DIONNE QUINTS '5 orA KIND'
TOMORROW-FRIDAY SATURDAY GLENDA FARRELL “In — "TORCHY BLANE IN CHINATOWN" — and — BOB BAKER — in — "GUILTY TRAILS"
ARC
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
r MICHAEL WHALEN LYNN BARI — and — *
^TARZAN
prMtnUtI by Edward L Alparaon
A Grand National Ticture
Spider's Web/' Serial
THURSDAY-FRIDAY SATURDAY STAGECOACH DAYS CONVICTED LONE RANGER
Lieut. Rhodes To Present Coast Guard Movies Today In response to a request by the Coast Guard of Chicago, the military department has arranged a special showing of Coast Guard activities today at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Lieut. E. K. Rhodes of the Chicago Coast Guard will present the sound movie, “United States Coast Guard.” This movement is designed to create interest among college students to increase enrollment at the Coast Guard Academy, New^ London, Conn.
week and had his pretty blonde curls shorn. They grew out in time for the Kappa-Sig Ep trade dinner, though. Bud. —B-B— DAVE HARTLEY, sweet shop flirtation king, can’t find a date on the campus. His girl back home bet him he couldn’t go out with a Purdue co-ed, and Hartley is still out of a date. —B-B— BOB MULLETT, social chairman of Cary Hall East, raffled off PEG DAVIS for the Theta trade dinner tonight. The highest bidder and lucky winner was HAL SCHORNSTEIN, Indianapolis frosh. Bids were also made for 99 44-100% pure LOUISE SHICKLER, but she has other plans for the evening. —B-B— Phi Delt, Andy Perrin, (Debris Big Shot) recently hit upon a plan that will make him the Romeo of the campus. He decided to find out just what was the matter with himself by sending rating charts to ten women that he has dated on the campus. After analyzing these charts he will make the necessary changes, and then girls, watch out.
— LAST DAY—
F pBir D E X C IT E M E N T
JANE WITHERS THi ARIZeilA^ WILDCAT LEO CARRILLO A 20th Cenluiy-Fox Picture
LAST DAY-
^TEP THIS WAY fm THE BIG SHOW! • ; Melody and mirth !| ! Stars and hula , honeys I Romance and spectacle!
STARMW ELEANOR ROBERT ,, PWELLYOUNG GEORSE GRACIE BURNS ALLEN STARTS TOMORROW THE WSEBF
—^with— TOM BROWN LOUIS ‘ HAYWARD lOAN FONTAINE
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lklily
"If you don’t go away I’ll call up the copyright owners of that piece!’’
E. M.Sabbagh Will Speak To AIEE Tomorrow Night Dr. E. M. Sabbagh, member of the electrical engineering staff, will speak tomorrow evening at 7:15 before a general meeting of the American Institute of Electrical Engi-
neers. The meeting will be held in room 215 of the Electrical Engineering Building, and free refreshments will be served. AIEE officials invite all electrical engineering students to attend.
Scientists of Cornell and Colgate Universities are making a special study of the aurora borealis.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIBE BE SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT KlOBERATE PRICES
A good haircut is an asset to anyone. The distinguished appearing man is usually the man that has a fine haircut and a good shave. We have capable barbers. • joe Knott • Charles Orman • Perry Hazelbaker • joe Clark • Lawrence Given Barber Shop JhsL fiwvdiuL lAnimu The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
J * f <7
T
{ A-i t >\
Wednesday.. February 22,1939
THE PUBDUE
Sp^o^
EXPONENT
\-
Seven Champions Crov^ned In Military MddeAX
Boxing Finals On Fieldhouse Gym Floor QhoicSL
Champions in the freshman military boxing tournament were ^crowned last night in the final bouts on the main gym fioor of the Fieldhouse. Two of the seven tournament fights did not go the full three rounds. The officials stopped the Farkas-Watzich fight in the middle of the third round and awarded the decision to Farkas, who had floored Watzich in the first round and appeared to outclass the loser throughout. Also halted was the Landers-Davis scrap in the 160-pound division.
Asidc frOItl the tWO Unfinished bouts, most of the contests were exceedingly close from the 116 pound Coleman-Moore match to the last fight of the evening, the heavyweight battle between R. P. “Tear” Lant, the victor, and Jim Rush, Two exhibition bouts punctuated the se-
ries of final matches.
The winner in each weight earned a gold medal and one citation; the loser in each will receive a silver medal and seven merits; the alternate will be awarded a bronze medal
and six merits.
The final results. IIB pounds—E. Coleman, B2, outpoint-
ed S. S. Moore, S2.
125 pounds—^T. P. Peppier, C-, outpoint-
ed B. C. Johnson, C4.
135 pounds—F. S. Farkas, B3, stopped J.
Watzich, A4, in the third round.
145'pounds—C. W. Hollowell, Cl, out-
pointed W. C. Beach, H4.
160 pounds—G. C. Landers, S4, stopped L.
H. Davis, Al, in the third round.
175 pounds—R. J. Forthofer, B4, out
pointed M. K. Rettig, SI.
Heavyweight—R. P. Lant, D2, outpointed
J. G. Rush, H4.
Exhibition Matches—P. H. Schaefer, H4, outpointed H. R. Wilson, A4. J. A. Powell,
El, outpointed R. V. Yonkey, FI.
Golden Giloves End With Finals Tonight Thirty-two pugilistic aspirants will battle it out in the Lafayette Armory tonight at 7:45 in the last bouts of the local Golden Gloves
competition.
Previous bouts have narrowed down the original field of 200 to the boxers listed on tonight’s card. Sixteen senSi-final bouts will precede the finals to be held later this evening. The maximum length of the contests will be three rounds
each.
Purdue men listed and their class in weights are as follows: Avery Fultz, 112; John Threlfall, 118; Kenneth Mulholland 126; Bill Bradley, 136; Allen Dilts, 160; Steve Bacharach, 160; Joe Benna, 160; Lawrence Lyles, 176; and Kenneth Lord, 176 pounds. Robinson," Jones, Bacharach, and Dilts, 1938 champions, will furnish heavy competition for new men in the final bouts. Two thousand general admission tickets will go on sale at the Armory tonight at 6:30,
Hotre Dame To Compete With Purdue's Fencers Notre Dame foil and epee artists will meet Purdue’s fencing team in a dual match Saturday at 2 o’clock in the Fieldhouse. This will be the
By Marie Butz Purdue is well known for its basketball achievements and we find the , co-eds entering into the game with the same zest and enthusiasm that the eds show. Sorority and ward games are now in full swing. ■—^f. c.— Monday night. Pi Phi defeated WRH-N, WHR-S won over Ward 11, and Ward 1 was victorious over Pedalion. Last night the games played were. Chi Omega vs. Theta, Kappa vs. Alpha Xi, and Wards 11 and IV vs. Alpha Chi. There will be no games tonight or Thursday because of the convocation. Friday night Chi Omega, Phi Mu, Ward 1, and Wards 11 and 111 will resume the games. Basketball class team games will start March 16. —^f. c.— Beginnipg swimming classes are being held on Wednesday and Thursday nights for co-eds who desire to learn how to swim. More advanced swimmers may attend the life saving class Monday at 4 p. m. WAA credits are given for time spent in these classes. —^f. c.—• Mixed recreation will be held Friday night at 7:30. In addition to volley ball, badminton, deck tennis, and shuffleboard, the pool will be open to all those attending., last meet of the season for Purdue, and will mark the last appearance of , Prof. DeLandero, Notre Dame coach, before he leaves for Mexico. Skilled artists of the Purdue team, captained by Myron Stepath, are Miers at epee and Hoffman in foils.
e^ance
For Your Gala EveningsTo Assure Your Success As A Qiarmer.
We present the evening mode at its height. Prepare now for your important dances and parties. Never were formal fashions more enchantingly lovely than this season. Every important new trend is included in
Eiward Calls Out FfosIi Football Prospods For Insirudions Before Drill Spring football drill was launched yesterday afternoon by Coach Mai Eiward with the beginning of a twp Week session for freshman aspirants, preliminary to calling out the entire squad early in March. Approximately 76 frosh responded to the callout. Eiward intends to give the yearlings an intensive session of instruction that will be individualized as soon as possible before calling out the squad as a whole, because of the need for men capable of filling holes left by graduation. Eiward pointed out that performance during spring drill will largely determine the make-up of the 1939 eleven, as there will be no time for experimentation once the campaign gets underway. The Boilermakers will open their season against Notre Dame 6n September 30 at South Bend and then launch their Big Ten campaign against Minnesota’s def ending title holders at Minneapolis on October 14th, Purdue will then play Michigan State, Santa Clara, Iowa, Northwestern, Wisconsin, and Indiana in that order on successive Saturdays.
and
By Georgann Schilling
Lambda Chi Alpha Leads In Interfraternity Track Dave Rankin Wins Three Events In First Day Of Meet; Phi Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Psi Tie For Second Place Greek letter men fought for intramural honors in six track and field events yesterday afternoon at the Fieldhouse. High scorers in the first half of the two day meet are Lambda Chi Alpha, first; Phi Kappa Sigma and Phi Kappa Psi, tied for second place.
We took a little jaunt down to the University of Illinois Monday night and found a number of Purdue personalities there. The purpose of the excursion was a game called basketball, at which we soon found our team was not very skilled —at least on Monday night. However, we did find the Illinois students very friendly; and aside from a touch of terrific weather, we liked the town of Urbana-Champaign. —H-H— One very unusual feature of the evening’s entertainment was the music of the band at the half. Not only did the band play for group singing; they also offered a swing arrangement of “A Tisket, A Tasket.” Very nice! And we also liked the way the Illinois students gave an enthusiastic Purdue yell, and the super gymnastic exhibition given. Among the things we didn’t like were the mustard yellow shirts the team wore, and the inefficient score board. It kind of made us proud all over again of our very modern Fieldhouse. —H-H— Tonight’s schedule for trade dinners includes the Alpha Xi’s with Terry House, the Chi O’s with the Phi Psis, the Kappas with the SPEs and the Thetas with Cary Hall. The Pi Phis will have a trade desert with the Alpha Chi Rhos.
Dave Rankin, undisputable star of the meet, piled up points for Lambda Chi by taking first places in the broad jump, 60 yard high hurdles, and 60 yard dash. Showing up well in the two mile run was Clevett, Phi Kappa Psi, who took the race with a lead of two laps. Today 4:15—60 yard low hurdles, high jump, pole vault. 4:30—440 yard dash. 4:45—Mile run. 5:00—Half mile relay. Yesterday’s Results Shot Put: Won by J. Crawford, Delta Tau Delta; second, D. Rankin, Lambda Chi Alpha: third, F. Winchell, Beta Theta Pi. Distance, 48 feet, 2 inches. 60 Yard High Hurdles—Won by D. Rankin, Lambda Chi Alpha; second, U. Brown, Kappa Sigma; third, F. Witsman, Phi Sigma Kappa. Time, 8 seconds. Broad Jump—^Wort by D. Rankin, Lambda Chi Alpha; second, D. Campbell, Lantbda Chi Alpha ; third, I. Daniels, Alpha Chi Rho. Distance, 20 feet, 4% inches. 880 Yard Run—Won by J. Quinn, Phi Kappa Sigma; second, R. Miller, Phi Kappa Sigma: third, B. Burns, Pi Kappa Alpha. Time. 2:07. 60 Yard Dash—-Won by D. Rankin, Lambdn* Chi Alpha; second, S. Resnick, Sigma Alpha Mu; third, M. Byelene, Beta Theta Pi. Time, :06.6. Two Mile Run—Won by M. Clevett, Phi Kappa Psi; second, J. Walkey, Phi Kappa Psi: third, C. Arnold, Kappa Delta Rho.
PERSONNEL NOTES
Company: Procter and Gamble Distributing Company, Cincinnati, Ohio. Representative: A. L. lams. Visiting Purdue: Wednesday, March 1. Interviewing: Engineering and science .seniors who are interested in the sales department of the Procter and Gamble Company who have specialized in liberal arts and business courses. Literature is available in the Personnel Office and in the office of the head of the school where those who are interested should sign up for interviews. —PN— Company: Standard Oil Company of Louisiana, Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Representative: H. G. Mangelsdorf of manufacturing department. Visiting Purdue: Friday, February 24. Interviewing: Chemical engineering seniors, graduate students, mechanical engineers, and a few men for summer jobs. Those who are interested sign up in office of head of school concerned for interviews. —PN— Company: United States Housing Authority, Department of Interior, Washington, D. C. Representative: James P. Todd. Visiting Purdue: February 20th to 26th. Interviewing: Seniors, graduate students and alumni who are interested in employment with the Housing Authority and seeing Mr. Todd sign up in the office of the head of the school concerned for consideration.
Frosh Track Squ«l Scores Over Iowa Purdue’s freshman track squad scored its second successive “postal” victory of the season as it defeated Iowa last week, 54% to 44%, Coach Howard Wilkenning announced yesterday following a tabulation of the exchanged results. The Boilermaker yearlings won five out of eleven firsts and tied for a sixth, making a clean sweep of all three places in the quarter-mile. 60 Yard Dash—Stroyeck, Purdue, and Schlander, Iowa, tied for first; Bancker, Purdue, third. Time, :06.4. 440 Yard Dash—Won by Anthony, Purdue; Kron, Purdue, second; Gano, Purdue, third. Time, :62.3. 880 Yard Run—Won by Schnorr, Iowa; Hirleman, Iowa, second; Jarvis, Purdue, third. Time, 2:06. One Mile Run—Won by Schnoor, Iowa; Jarvis, Purdue, second; McLaughlin, Purdue, third. Time 4 :46. Two Mile Run—Won by Schnoor, Iowa; McLaughlin, Purdue, second ; Shulman, Purdue, third. Time 10:09.3. 60 Yard Low Hurdles—Won by Stroyeck, Purdue; Kron, Purdue, second; Vollefiweider, Iowa,, third. Time, :06.9. Shot Put—Won by Crawford, Purdue; Kuhl, Iowa, second; Mullen, Purdue, third. Distance, 43 ft, 5 in. Pole Vault—Won by Britt, Purdue; Carter, Purdue, second; King and Patton, Iowa, tied for third. Height, 11 ft High Jump—Won by Boetcher, Iowa; Cowden, Iowa, second; Joorfetz and Melzer, Purdue, tied for third. Height, 5 ft, 8% in. 60 Yard High Hurdles—Won by Vollenweider, Iowa; Stroyeep, Purdue, second; Whitehurst, Iowa, and Fye, Purdue, tied for third. Time, :08. Broad Jump—Won by Joorfetz, Purdue; Green, Iowa, second; Raspatnig, Iowa, third. Distance, 20 ft., 10 in. Purdue Squad Rests For Week-End Games Purdue’s basketball squad, which plainly showed the effects of three successive road games in a i-agged performance against Illinois last night, has been granted a complete layoff from drill until Thursday in preparation for the home stands against Michigan and Indiana this week-end announced Mel Taube, assistant coach, following a conference with Coach Ward Lambert. Lambert, who is still confined to bed by an attack of influenza that kept him at home while the Boilermakers were losing to Wisconsin and Illinois over the week-end, is hopeful that the rest may enable the title defenders to return to a semblance of the form that marked the comeback drive early in the semester. Intramural Schedule
Today Court 1—Swing. 7:00—Short Course. 7 :15—Short Course. 8:26—Ward 6 vs. Ward 9. 8:40—Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 9. Court 2—Juillard. 7:00—Short Course. 7 :15—Short Course. 8:25—Ward 14 vs. Ward 12A. 8:40—Cary HqH 3 vs. Cary Eiall 4. Court 3—Kurtz. 7:00—Short Course. 7:16—Short Course. 8:26—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 10. 8:40—Beta Theta Pi vs. Kappa Sigma. (A). Court 4—^Witsman. 7:00—Short Course. 7:16—Short Course. 8:25—Delta Upsilon vs. Theta Chi. (A). 8:40—Kappa Delta Rho vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. (A).^tacoL ddbu
THE PUBDtlE EXPOIffiNT
^nt-icoA.
V \ Wednesday. February 22,1939
i >?“V
Convocation(Continued from page 1)
outstanding stage personality thi'oughout all Em'ope. As a Guggenheim Fellow, she spent a year in Greece studying the primitive Greek theater and mime. Miss Enters also traveled in Egypt and the Near East, doing research on ancient oriental art. She creates all her own compositions w'hich portray emotions of tragedy, comedy, and satire. She has designed all the costumes for the 150 compositions of her repetoire. Although best known as an interpretative dancer. Miss Enters is in leality a triple-threat artist. Her book, “First Person Plural,” which contains a narrative of personal experiences and copious notes on the art of dance mime, w'as recently published. Her ability as a paintei IS well known, as she has had paintings and drawings exhibited 22 times in piincipal Ameiican art galleiies. “First Person Plural,” a book by Angna Entei's, is now available to students in the Union browsing room. This book, which takes the reader behind stage with a noted author, was presented to the Univeisity by the Columbia Concerta Coipoiation thiough Mis. Austin Wildei Dr. Marion Griffith... . . of the clothing and textiles department, will speak Friday to Sigma Delta Epsilon, graduate women’s scientific fraternity at Ohio State University, Columbus, 0. Dr Griffith will talk on Swedish textiles, illustrating hei talk with actual textiles she collected last summer in Sweden.
WBAA
“THE VOICE OF PURDUE"
—Today— 11:00—Prof. Robert Phillips, Am-ei-ican Institutions. 11.50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks. 12:15—Sports Review, Dick ly12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—Meditations, Rev. Otto Steele. 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Children’s Symphony Progiam. 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—Washington Day Progiam— Adolph Starr. , 2:15—Bunny Walkup, guitar. 2:30—Home Decorator. 2:45—Mrs. Irvin Jackson, Cathedral Echoes. 3:00—Symphony Hall. 4:00—Campus Intel views. 4:16—Dick Curtner, pianist. 4:30—Purdue Round Table. 4:46—Story Book Hour.
SAE Offers Prizes For Best Papers On Aufomotiveindusfry Offering $40 in prizes, the Society of Automotive Engineers is sponsoring a contest open to all University students, for papers on technical, manufacturing, or economic subjects related to the automotive field. No sales papers will be considered. The best presented papers will be awarded first, second and third prizes of $16, $10, and $5 from the William B. Stout prize fund, and the paper chosen for excellence in English will receive $10 from the Indiana section of the SAE. Title and author of each paper must be registered in the main office of the ME Building by Friday, and finished product, typed in triplicate, must be turned in at the same place by 5 p. m., March 15. Papers must be accompanied by a complete bibliogiaphy and should not take longer than 20 minutes for verbal presentation.
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for ■ College Education ^ H. G. REISNER
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Professional
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Poet Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—O.D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—O.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Building 4h and Main Phona 5701
• Dine
• Florists
FRANK'S PLACE Try Those Good Tenderloins QUICK SERVICE ALWAYS OPEN 111 Vine St. West Lafayette
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
ClassMiied Ads
Senior Personal Data Sheet: Will following men please check proofs ih tJie Debris office Wednesday, February 2?f B.
Edwards, J. E. Barker, C. D. Arnoli H. Weber, and P. A. Levernier.
—HENSLER.
M.
day and Friday at 4 p. m. for a composition rehearsal. Required attendance. —KNIGHT.
WSOA Executive Board i No meeting Wednesday, February 22, —LBAMENG.
Sophomore Union Workers: All girl workers who can report to Union oificO anytime after 3 p. m. Wednesday, February 22, to work on Pan-Hellenic decorations. —SOHICKLER.
Students in Christian Foundation t Meet at the Christian Church Friday, February 24, at 8 p. m. for "Mid-Winter Let Up" party. Tickets are 26c. . ^ —WAlNWttIQHT.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired, New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
EMBOSSED NAPKINS 13x13, quarter fold, high grade, 6,000 to case, only $2.76. Lilly-Lulip sanitary di inking cups. Cabinets leased. Phone for samples of napkins and cups Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co
AIEE: Social meeting Thursday, February 23, at 7:16 p. m. in the Electrical Engineering Building. Any person in the AIEE IS invited, and free refreshments will be served, —BROWN. WSGA Office Committee: Meet in the office at 4 p. m. Wednesday, February 22. —THRASHER. 1— WAA Ridery: All sorority and ward managers meet me on Wednesday, February 22, at 4 p. m. in the WAA room or call 41312 before"^ p m. A compulsory meeting. —SMITH.
Purdue Peace Committee; The Peace Committee will meet Wednesday, February 22, at 7:80 p. m. at 443 State St. —HOLLINGSWORTH.
Badminton: All games are to be bWed off as soon as possible. (2-28) —WALKER. Silver Mdsk: Meeting in the Ublott Wednesday, February 22, at 7:80 p.
Mortar Board: Pictures for Debris will be taken in Debris office at 4 p. m. Wednesday, February 22. —WOOD.
Agronomy Students; Meeting Thursday, February 23, at 7 p. m. in reception room of the Union Building. —SMITH.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Gold and pearl necklace, near Recitation Building Reward 4383.
YWCA Cabinet: There will be a meeting of the YWCA cabinet, Wednesday, February 22, at 4 p, m. —KLEIN
CE 41 Hydraulics: An examination for the removal of C grades will be held Saturday, March 4th, in room 201, CE Building. Students intending to take the examination must report to the undersigned prior to March 1st. —F. W. GREVE.
In or Phone
LOST—Women’s small, oolong, yellowgold wrist watch In grille or near east end of Union. Liberal reward. R H Ewell, Chemistry Bldg.
Independent Staff: Meeting Wednesday, Febiuary 22, at 7 o’clock in PI A office. All independent freshmen interested in working on thci. paper are requested to be present —FELDMAN.
All Foreign Students: Assemble in front of the Executive Building Saturday, February 26, at 2 p m. for group picture. . —BALDWIN.
Notices
Purdue Engineer: Tbe following men will report to the office tonight, Wednesday, February 22, at 4 p. m.: Johnson, Martinek, Ely, Stephenson, Shootei, and Hawkins. —SQUIRES
Lutheran Student Assouiation: Meeting in room F of the Union Wednesday, February 22, at 4 .30 —GRANNON.
\ Through elimination contests, six papers will be chosen to be delivered before a joint meeting of the Indiana and Chicago section of the SAE together with the University student branch, which will be held late in April or early in May. Final judges will be William B. Stout, past president of the SAE; D. E. Gamble, chairman of the Chicago section; and M. O. Teetor, the chairman of the Indiana section. Freshmen Called For Work In Adivifies Bureau All freshmen interested in Activity Bureau work should report to room B of the Union at 4 p. m. today, according to Bill Breuer, junior manager. They should be interested in personnel work, publicity, interviewing people, executive work, records, and allied subjects. Their work will begin at once. All second semester freshmen, regardless of sex, are eligible if they have a 3.5 average. Engineering Not A Trade But Profession-Achatz “Indiana Engineering Law” was the subject of a talk given by R, V. Achatz at the meeting sponsored by ASME last night in room 2 of the Union. Mr. Achatz, who is one of the members of the Indiana Board of Engineering Examiners, discussed engineering as a profession rather than a high class trade. Many people still take this viewpoint in regard to engineering, he said. Nevertheless, Achatz stressed that it is a profession for, like a doctor or lawyer, the engineer is obliged to the community as well as to his client. He also stated: “No man is a good engineer whose knowledge is limited to books.”
Battery Athletic Officers: Check on all entries for the finals. Anticipate first competitive basketball game on Thursday, Febiuary 23 —BECKLEY
Freshmen Interested in Union: Meet in the faculty lounge of the Union Building at 4 p. m Wednesday, February 22 —GABONARGI
Deeck Tennis: Games to be played are as follows. Shilling and Wiley vs. Metzger and Fitch: Wilkinson and Moon vs. Wirt and Wirt, Clymer and Mather vs. Ward and Partenheimer; Laswell and Thompson vs. Glmore and Dennerline; Haller and Stephenson vs Johnson and Morris, Goans and Cox vs. Ade and Poehiman; McCullock and Dawson vs Himes and Fishleigh; Merritt and Dailey vs Diehl and Overton; Harrison and Scudder vs. Hinton and Rubright; Cook and Shroeder vs Davison and McClintock. (2-23) —WALKER.
All-Campus Show Petitions: the following positions will still be considered up to, Saturday, February 26, at 10:00^. m.; Dance director, rehearsal assistant forecast. Voices, orchestra, librarian, business manager, tickets and sales manager, house manager, promotion manager, advertising assistant, press assistant, staff manager, assistant manager, master carpenter, master electrician, property man, wardrobe mistress, scenic Artist, and makeup artist. Turn petitions in at east Union desk. , —ELLIOTT. Chemistry 1 and 2 Conditions: Examinations for removal of conditions in chemistry 1 and 2 will be given in room 101 of the Education Building Saturday, March 11, from 1-4 p. m. Students iVho plan to take the exam Should register In room 127 of the Chemistry Annex before Mardh 6. (8-6) —TEST, MARTIN, ALLEN. Glider Club: Important meeting Wednesday, February 23, at 7 p. m. in Union. All members must be present. Bring dues. —BUELL.
Catalyst Club: Attention ail members I Important business meeting at 7:16 on Thursday evening, February 24. Refreshments will be served after meeting.
Society of Automotive Engineers: Members may get pins from Miss Osterling in the main office of the Mechanical Engineering Building until Friday, February 24. —LUTHER.
Modern Dance Groups: Meeting Wednesday, February 22, and the following Thurs-
Gold Peppers: No meeting Tuesday, February 21 Next meeting Thursday, February 23, at 6 p. m. in WSGA office. Please bring your ticket for the I U. game. —COOLEY.
ME 61, ME 62: Make-up examinations will be given Saturday, February 26, at 1 p. m. in ME 801. Those contemplating taking either of the above should notify the undersigned. (2-24) —BOLZ.
KNOTS YOU ALL HAVE SEEN
1 The Door Knob Knot
2 The Pee Wee Knot
3 The Pump-Handle Knot
V 4 The Skew Gee Knot
5 The Arrow Knot
ARROW TIES
SEE THIS WEEK’S POST
Z
Enjoy the post tonig
IS THE U.S. PREVENTING (or provoking) A NEW WORLD WAR? ► What one country worries Europe most today? Germany? Italy? Russia? Japan? No, the answer is the United States. A brilliant foreign correspondent reaches this conclusion after gathering evidence from behind the European scene, where statesmen fear that Uncle Sam may upset the bomb racks. See Uncle Sam Scares Europe, by Demaree Bess.
They toy with DEATH UNDEH THE RIVER ► “Sandhogs”have their choice of three quick, easy ways to die. They can be drowned, trapped by fire, killed by compressed air. No wonder they call river tunneling a man’s job—a crazy man’s! Here’s the story of the young mechanic who licked a job no old-timer would touch. You Can’t Stop a Guy Like That, says Borden Chase.
THE SPY they wouldnH believe ► It was March, 1936 ... and Hitler was moving into the Rhineland. Would he backdown if France mobilized? Only one Frenchman knew—and the Army wouldn’t believe him! A dramatic story of espionage: Crisis by William C. White.
BAGPIPE MUSIC in a swamp? It gave Dr. MisCally the shock of his life. Here’s the strange story the Doc learned one night from The PipeMaJorof Little Sorrowful. A short story by Glenn Allan. 'IMAGINE THAT HIRED GIRL making eyes at our son! ” said Mrs. Timble. “Why, I think that just shows taste, natural good,taste,” said her husband. Dorothy Thomas tackles a farm problem that might stump even the AAA. See Thank You, Rosie. ...
20 years oM,ancl the "rieimN'EST cuu in ALL AAIMIAI Here’s a new kind of heroine—slim young Phoebe Titus, who had reddishchestnut hair and a ready hand with a Sharps rifle. Fighting her own way through Arizona of the 60’s ... a lanif overrun by Apache raiders, Mexican bandits, gamblers, murderers, and riffraff from the States. Fearing no man in the Southwest—yet flndiug there the one man she could love. Start an exciting new novel in this week’s Post. First of eight installments. A smashing, action-packed romance of the old Southwest
‘‘Arizona
yy
by CLARENCE BUDINGTON KELLAND
uiHEii n BUSinGSsmnn OIITTRIKS POllTlimHS —that’s news!
“Hey,luke< how do yw shoot a hypothetical bullet ?
^ Businessmen admitted Washington their master game of words. But one dissented—Wend^l L. Willkie.'And New Dealers, after theTVACommonwealth 85 Southern deal, admitted they had met their master.
/
le--
The Man Who Talked Back h, ALVA JOHNSTON
e Suppose you were an antiaircraft gunner. And were ordered to beat off a sham attack with “hypothetical ’ bullets, and no searchlights ! What would you do? That’s the puzzler Luke Dorgan’s regiment faced. You’ll find
their solution in
Luke Brings Home the Beacon 6yWILLIAM CHAMBERLAIN