4
'i ^ ai
I >
In Today s News • Eye Curie Speeks At Convo • ^IA,Co>eds Elect Today • British Troops Stiffen Balkans • Committee Announces Prom Band
z-iu
FouimM In 1889
xfzaneHi 9 Dally SInee 1906
Volume 52, No. 141
West Lcdoyette, Indiana
Wednesdosr# March 19. 194L
For Prom
Coed^ PI A Elections Today
Mile. Curie Addresses Full House Tells History of Curies In Their Work Toward Development of Radium By Peggy Howard Standing before a capacity audience in4;he Hall of Music last night, a tall, dark, attractive woman told in a simple fashion the poignant story of two great humans who were among the world’s foremost scientists and her parents. Mademoiselle Curie, speaking rapidly and with a pleasing Fiench accent, related the dramatic story of Pierre and Marie Curie to a fascinated audience of students and faculty members, who showed no sign of lestlessness or lack of interest during the 60-minute recital. Beginning with the meeting of Pierre and Marie Curie in a boarding house in the students’ quarters in Paris, the speaker gave a complete story of their life and work together, and in answer to the question as to who really discovered radium, which she admitted she IS constantly being asked. Mile. Curie stated that the discovery was made by them together. It is true, she said, that the intuition to delve into the properties of certain minerals which led to the discovery of radium was furnished by Marie Sklodowska Curie; but the genius and determination of her husband^, was equally responsible for their success. No Material Gain Working under the hardest possible conditions, the Curie’s not only succeeded in discovering and isolating an element important in scientific and medical fields, hut also gave this contribution to the world without receiving any material benefits from it. However, according to Marie Curie, to patent their discoveries and limit their use would not have been in the scientific spirit. Mile. Curie praised all of her family but was very modest about her own accomplishments. In a plea for her to tell more about herself in a question session held after her talk. Eve Curie replied that there were five Nobel Diplomas, in the family, her father’s, two for her mother’s work, one for her sister’s work in the discovery of artificial zadibactivity, and one for her brother-in-law in the same field, she felt like the out-of-place member jvithout one. These Nobel awards were so prevalent in her family she informed the audience, that her little niece thought that everyone in the world had one and talked about what she would do when she received hers. In concluding, Mile. Curie spoke of her hope that France, Poland and the other countries can be freed of the German~gra#. Expressing her belief that her mother was with her in the fight to save her native land. Mile. Curie said, “We are fighting together a victory that must bring us a world where persons like Madame Curie can live and can Avork.” ''
...ii-iFrom All Fronts—^ Today's Summary Of War News To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service ’copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc • Nazis Deny U-Boat Story In Berlin yesterday Nazi officials branded as “a put up job by Ameiican war inciters” the story of German longi^distance U-bqats operating in American waters. —0— o Turkey Leans To Britons Turkey is being enwrapped tighter in the Greco-British fold as the Allied position in Greece becomes steadily stronger, radios George Weller from Athens. 9 o British Admit Greek Aid' English newspapers yesteiday made the first public announcement that heavily guarded convoys are passing across the Mediterranean and Aegean Seas between Egypt and Greece. o RAF Warns Italians “The report that Ita^y has been warned against bombing Athens can be taken as accurate. The English have made it clear that bombing of Atlffens would immediately bring down the wrath of the R. A. F.,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick from London. o Winant Gives Labor Tribute The United States’ new ambassador to Britain, John Winant, vigorously denounced Nazi tyranny and paid tribute to the role of the labor class in the democracies’ war effort, in his maiden speech yesterday. \
Allies Gain Strength In Balkans Serbs, Turks Cheered By Strong Greek Stand, English Africa Troops By George Weller SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1941 Chicago Daily News, Inc. Athens, March 18.—^The British and Greek forces now controlling the eastern Mediterranean moved this week into the close of the first five months of their brotherhood in battle, with their diplomatic aus pices for, the first time beginning to overtake the success of their arms. Now that Mussolini himself has been repulsed in Albania by the stubborn Greeks and with the British less than 100 miles from both Tiipoli and Addis Ababa, the center of the Allied effort, diplomatically speaking, begins to move between the Aegean -and the Adriatic with coirespondmg effect upon Yugoslavia, the lone nation of the Balkans that has still managed to straddle the fence. At the same time, Turkey is enwrapped tighter in the Greco-Brit-ish fold, watching her potential small brother belligerent do what her foreign minister, Sukru Saracoglu, yesterday described as “writ(Continued on page 3) Home Economics Role Inll.S. Defense Theme
. Stop Greeks, First Naei Aim Q[ QonfeCenCe HeCe
Co-eds Ballot At 8:30; Ward Poll 7:30-5:30 Officers to head the co-ed organizations on campus next year will be chosen today in^ the AWS, WAA, arid YWCA mass elections, which will be held from 8:30 to 5 o’clock in the lobby of the Union. Independent students will vote to determine ward chairmen from 7:30 to 5:30 in the foyer opposite the telephone booths in the great hall of the Union. All women students are eligible' to vote for AWS officers, with only - passports needed for identification. The candidates are: president, Mary Ellen Scare and Agnes McCulloch; secretary, Harriet Simons and Florence Croll; treasurer, Becky Anne Pervine and Jane Van Gorkam. Class representatives i^ill also be chosen with Kay Mageau and Jane McCouch runjiing for junior representative and Nelda Byrum and Jean Lauer for sophomore representative. WAA Only WAA membeis who have paid their dues and have earhed at least 26 points in sports this year may vote for WAA officers for next year. A list of girls who have earned their points will be at the polls. WAA candidates for piesident are Mary Pidgeon and Eleanor Harrison; secretary, Ruth Walker and Monica Buergler; treasurer Jane Blank and Opal Blagrave. The new officers will choose the WAA council for next year tonight after the results of the election are known. The officers will be installed at the WAA banquet in the home economics cafteria tomorrow night. YWCA members will also choose (Continued on page 4)
WOODY HERMAN . .. head man for 1941 Junior Prong.
MURIEL LANE... she'll produce the vocals the night of April 18. Discussion Tourneys Wiil Start Tomorrow Twenty - one organizations will paiticipate m the all-campus discussion tournament spemsored by the foiensic board. The discussions, which will be held in fraternity and SOI ority houses tomorrow night will begin promptly at 7:30 p. m. The forensic manager in the house where the discussion is held will be (notified who the chairman and judges will be for the meeting and must turn in the judging sheet (Continued on page 3)
Ticket Sales For Juniors Start April I Band Comes Direct From New York City Woody Herman for the 1941 Junior Prom. That’s the announcement released yesterday by Jim Wolfe, chairman of the Prom committee. The band will come directly from the Hotel New Yorker for the “dance of the year” Friday evening, April 18. The entire Union Building will be closed off for Prom goers, the dance committee said. Tickets, $3 as usual, will be placed on sale Tuesday morning, April 1, at the cashier’s window in the Executive building. Passports must be presented. Tickets sold Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday will be reserved for juniors. Friday and Saturday seniors may purchase tickets, and any remaining will be placed on general sale Monday, April 7. Herman’s band, featuring vocalist Muriel Lane, was named recently by the musical magazine. Downbeat, as the natioifs third ranking swing band as well as fifth ranking sweet band. Styled “the band that plays the blues,” Woody Herman’s band is nationally famous for its arrangements of “danceable” swing music. Exponent Co-ed Staff Co-ed edition tonight. Report at 4 p. m.
Probably before an all-out attack on England will be attempted, Germany’s southeast flank will be secured and the Balkan phase of the new order wijl be well on its way,” radios David M. Nichol from the German capital. 400 Pharmacists Attend Conference Over 400 retailers, clerks, wholesalers and manufacturers connected with the profession of pharmacy will attend the two-day session of the eleventh annual Druggists’ Business Conference which opens this morning in the Union, according to advance registration figures released yesterday. Conference Starts At Ten Professor H. W. Heine of the school of pharmacy will deliver the address of Welcome at 10 o’clock, and Ira V. Rothrock, president of the Indiana Pharmaceutical Association, will respond for the-busi-
nessmen.
Following a short message from Albert C. Frick, secretary of the Indiana Board of Pharmacy, Dean of Pharmacy C. B. Jordan will discuss “The Pharmacist and National Defense.” A talk by Professor R. J. Greenly on “Techniques of Employee Training” will close the morning program.
Muriel G. McFarland, associate professor of home economics education and president of the Indiana Home Economics Association, announced yesterday that the annual spring meeting of that organization will be 'held here this Friday and NationaUDefense in the Home Saturday. The role of the home in national defense will he the theme of the meeting, which will open Friday afternoon with a general session in the Union. At that time greetings will be extended by Prof. Edith Gamble, head of the department of institution management, and F. A. Burtsfield, superintendent of the West Lafayette schools. The principal speaker will be Mrs. Minnie Cunningham, a nationally known leader in the improvement of the American home and in the interest of national Unity who will speak on “The Defense Program and the Home.” Dean Mary L. Matthews of the school of home economics will serve as toastmistress at the banquet on Friday night, when Miss Lita Ba,ne, former editor of the Ladies’ Home Journal and now head of the department of home economics at tlie University of Illinois, will give the principal speech of the evening" on “The Home in National Defense.” Dean Dorothy C. Stratton,and Miss Evelyn Blackford, state vice-presi-dent, will also speak.
'When You Have Lost Your Country, It Is A Great Experience/ States Mile. Curie, Noted Speaker
By Mary Lou Losey The charm and fascination of an international beauty made an interview with Madamoiselle Eve Curie such a pleasurable visit that ^t was hard to remember that, after all,this was an interview, and one should take notes even though her ideas, simply and logically stated, were not easily forgotten. Clearly, the downfall of France is the most outstanding event of Mademoiselle Curie’s life, although she is qufte confident that France will rise again and is constantly working toward that end. “When you have lost your country, it is a great experience.” Radio Work In England When France surrendered to the Nazis, she fled to Britain. Mile. Curie feels that the French should not sit idly by, waiting for Britain to rescue them. Her most important occupation, while in England, is her radio work. She constantly sends messages in French to the people in her own country. It is her belief that as a French woman, well known to her own people, she can bolster the French morale and encourage the French people by telling them the true state of affairs in Britain.
The French are not allowed to listen to British ladio programs, but it IS quite evident that Mile. Curie’s messages are heard, in secret, on many of the radios of France. English Spirit Contagious Asked about the British morale, Mile Curie replied, “You could not be pessimistiQ in England; their spirit is contagious.” A veteran of over 400 air raids, she stated that they are not nearly as bad as a description of them sounds. The people calmly find a place of safety and remain there until the raid is over. She said that one is constantly conscious that there is a program of defense amj that it is effective in preventing excessive damage. Mile. Curie feels that the tide has turned for the British but that the summer will be a difficult ond*. She stated that Apierican supplies were badly needed and highly appreciated. The shells, which one hears so much about as the dangerous Nazi weapons from across the channel, do not bother the Biitish nearly as much .as bombs from the air. They cannot do as much damage, for they can not be consti-ucted in such a deadly maimer if they are to cross the channel.
Pleased With Campus Tour Mademoiselle Cpr^ wa^ highly pleased with her tou^ of the campus and her glimpse of campus aC“ tivities. She envies the chance that American students*have of enjoying group living. She stated that although French universities rank among the best for scholastic achievements, they do not sponsor any social activities. A highly proficient bowler, the author especially enjoyed her visit to the Imwling alleys. Most of her bowling has been done in Switzerland, where people spend their time skiing, and then relax by bowling a line or two. Modest and Sincere Quite modestly and in all sincerity, Mile. Curie stated that i^e was the member of a family who was not famous. Her mother, having received the Nobel prize twice and her sister having received that honor once, she feels that h^ own reputation ds quite inferior. Many there are who would agree with this opirtion of Mile Cfurie’s. Having chatted informally nearly an hour, the interview <dosod, regretfully on my part, as Curie departed with President JBL liott for the Music*HalL1v ’
J;"' 1'
/V j(t l>^ yl 0) ^‘‘/(fi t ,U,<l ’ *', ^ V /
' i
fia0B2-Spof>iA
Wednesday, March 19, 1941
lpMJ!4m> SxpmiM'
« ^
Elwafd Takes Football Squad Outdoors Again
Rhinie Gridders Improve; Make
Bids For Starting Varsity Team
Mai Elward seemed pleased with the progress being made in spring football practice yesterday on Stewart field as he directed about 60 candidates in a workout emphasizing bodily contact. Qoach Elward was particularly pleased with the showing of several freshmen.
Rhinie backfield men, Andretich, Ha^rris, Hyzak and Bachman, have displayed much enthusiasm since the spring session opened. Two big tackles of 1944 vintage, namely, French and Schramski, haVe also played with a vigor which threatens their taking starting positions from experienced varsity men. Mal hopes to have an intra-squad game each Saturday of the spring season in Ross-Ade stadium. He invites the student body to all spring games and practices with no admission price necessary. Gala Week Game Gala Week will see the fiesh-
ummsm Starts TOMORROW
ii§
W MATCH H#»IUM10ll-e«kUNIIIS M•HIIBBlnD
immll/iDfQiiRSonf mm
**FaerteZ No-Run Silk Panties
65c and 75c
No runs can mar their perfect beauty, because this lovely garment has been made run-proof through the interlock construction. This no-nm feature is guaranteed you—an actual certificate of guarantee effective for the life of the garment.
THIEME & WANGERIN CO,
622-626 Main St. Lafayette, Ind.
Cornell university has m,ore than $65,000 available for its new $260,000 recreational and athletic program.
LIMA
LAST DAY — 2 HITSI
PAUL MUNI IN
'HUDSON'S BAY' WITH GENEl TIERNEY VIRGINIA FIELD
ALSO
with llOYD
, IN Colorado
with WILLIAM BOYD
ARC
I ACT nAV
WITH RICHARD ARLEN ANDY DEVINE -AND-—
A riGHTING WHIRIWIKD!
TEX RITTER THE GOLDEN TRAIL
ALSO-
'GREEN ARCHER" Serial
-THURS.-FRI.-SAT.-SOUTH OF KARANGA IN OLD MISSOURI WINNERS OF. THE WEST FIRST RUN NEWS
Tracksters Oppose Baseball Team Prepares
Wolverines In First Outdoor Run Of '4T
For Trip To Sunny South
Iritliflfii’t llliisiaiis
By Joseph Patrick Dola^
men gridders take on the .varsity while an intra-squad varsity game will be one of the feature attractions at the tenth annual Purdue Football Clinic, held here*- April 4 and 6. “These next few weeks greatly wiU aid me and my staff in delecting possible starters for the season opener this autumn,” stated Mai. "Swede” Anderson, Bill Buffington, Tony Berto, and ^‘Rocky” Snyder are showing up well according to Elward. Frosh center, Stoelting is very promising and has the physical equipment to play that gruelling position, for he weighs in the neighborhood of 190 pounds. "You’re In the Army Now” ^ Four varsity team members, three of them almost certain first stringers, are in danger of being drafted. Those subject to call are Co-cap-tain Tommy Melton, guard; Big John^Petty and "Shoes” Schumacher, fullbacks and prospective starting pivotman, Alex Leugo. It is hoped that all of these men will be
Encountering Michigan less than two weeks after spring vacation, Cpach Hermon Phillips’ track team will begin outdoor work-outs immediately following the recess. Having completed a highly successful indoor season, the Riveters are expecting an even more prosperous spring campaign as the squad goes into open air competition. Longer dashes and hurdles, together with the addition^of the discus and javelin, constitute the difference of the two seasons. r.l.m. Spring Schedule The outdoor tiack schedule is as follows:
April 12—Michigan, State There April 19—Kansas Relays, Tentative April 2B-26—Drake Relays, Des Moines,
Iowa
May 3—Ohio StaW, There May 10—Illinois State, Here May 16-17—Conference Outdoor Meet,
Minneapolis
24—Chicago, Here
U—State Meet, Bloomington —Central Intercollegiate Meet,
“ Milwaukee
June 21—National Collegiate Track Meet Brookley, Berkley, California
Ma:^ May' June
Walley To Address
Ag Students Tonight
able to continue their athletic careers, but the situation is entirely in the hands of their respective local draft boards, o.t.c
Urcel Walley’s discussion on “Professional Farm Management” will highlight the meeting for all farm management agriculture students tonight at 7:30 o’clock in room 343 of the Union.
Mr. Walley, manager of the ’^alley Agriculture Agency of Fort Wayne, has managed farms in northern Indiana and Ohio for the last several years. He is past p:fesident of the American Society of Farm Managers and at present is doing efficient work m the credit and appraisal field The meeting is open to all that are interested; freshmen and sophomores having special invitation. Refreshments and entertainment will have a place on the program, e.w.n.
Columbia university recently announced receipt of 41 gifts aggregating $40,811, "pi^incipally for research in medicine, physics, chemistry and the social sciences.
MARS
Starts TOMORROW
LAST DAY
"mVt BottbMc/ef tovs*
IVIBCIIKU
A Paromounl Piclur*
NOW SHOWING
TWO FIRST RUN CHILLERS!
Creepier and Chillier Than a Cemetery on a Foggy Night! THE APE WITH BORIS KARLOFF
— PLUS — Phajntom of Chinatown WITH KEYE LUKE
Entering into the sun-shiny climate of Pensacola, Florida, some time next Sunday afternoon. Coach “Dutch” Fehring’s invading Boilermakerobaseball team will be eager to show their southern opponents a little of the Yankee diamond spirit that
they possess.
Tankmen Face Fort Wayne Y On Friday
In the last dual meet of the season the Boilermaker swimmers will meet the Port Wayne YMCA Friday night at Fort Wayne. The meet is merely a preliminary fof the National Intercollegiate meet, which is to he held at East Lansing, Michigan the following week. For the first time this year* the Riveters will be swimming in a sixty-foot pool. Because of the short length of the pool, many of the times are very fast. However, Carney, Williamson and Kratzer are expected to break some of the old marks. Captain Siler Improves Captain Chuck Siler has shown remarkable improvement this season as is evidenced by his brilliant performances in the relay. Last Reason, 59 seconds was his best for 100 yards, while this year fie has cut that down to 56 seconds. Chuck is expected to do a swell job on the relay, Friday night. So far this year the team has won six out of nine dual meets. And the squad expects a victory at Port Wayne. The preliminary meet ends the best season of dual meets that the tankeis have evei experienced. p.g.m.
Foundation To Give Skating Party Friday
Skidmore college students have started a campaign to buy a mobile kitchen for the British.
We^ Recommend for Engaging Gay Reading
SOLD TO THE LADIES
The Incredible but
True Adventures of Three Girls on a Barge, By DOROTHY a mm \ Featured Speaker WAA Banquet Match 20th
Leave Your Order Today for an Autographed Copy
$Z.50
WiWBCCK&fllHyroK
Former Major Leaguer Coach Fehring, “Pop” Doan, Bert Sanders and Carmen Hill, former Big-League pitching star with the Cubs, Pirates, Cardinals and Giants, will compose the coafching staff on the 2,000-mile road trip. The team will leave thb Riveter campus at 6:00 a. m. Saturday morning. This year, pitcher Hill, who is noted for winning the pennant for the Pirates back in 1927, will be making his fifth trip with the squad. The diamondmen will get their first chance to warm up in the great outdoors this year when they work out on the Pensacola diamond Monday and Tuesday morning, March 24 and 26. Their engagements with the Navy fliers will continue Monday through Wednesday at 3 p. m. They will leave for Auburn, Alabama Wednesday night, where they will face the Alabama Polytechnic squad Thursday, Friday and Saturday, March 27-29. Four automobiles will make the ten-day trip, the Boilermakers arriving back in the north late Sunday night, March 30. d.e.b.
In the papt few days I’ve noticed that the universal topic ol conversation among students, especially those, students living liere in Indiana, is on the topic of state basketball in Hoosier high schools. With Purdue athletics almost at a standstill, waiting for the soft and warm winds of spring which turns a young man’s fancies to baseball (sejidom), it’s small wonder that the high school inferno isn’t “the” topic. _I.I_ Inquiring around the campus, I’ve found that the “best” ball players in this state seem to come from about as many districts as are represented bji our student body; therefore, it strikes ’ole Joe that Purdue
would be an ideal place W conduct
Distinguished Students Guests Of WRH Tonight
Wesley Foundation will hold a roller skating pai’ty* this Friday night which will begin at 8:30 with games and refreshments at the Foundation Cais will leave for the Maple Point skating rink at 10 o’clock f Tickets foi the skating are 30 cents for men and 15 cents for coeds, but cai-driveis will receive their tickets free. Darrell Roach and Ed Gi,lbeit are in chaige of the affair f i.j
Distinguished students and^faculty guests will attend a dinner given in their honor by the Residence Halls at 6 o’clock tonight. Hostesses for the occasion will be the girls in the Halls. Table decorations have been selected with the theme of spiing predominating even to placecards and favors. Miss Schleman will present books to the distinguished students in the Wood Hall living room immediately aftei dinner, m.1.1.
Rochdale
Co-operative House defeatecl, the Chauncey House in the SCA basketball finals by a score of 23 to 19. The winners jumped into an early lead with a half time score of 13 to 6. The scoring was evenly distributed with Bowie and Alexander of Rochdale and Steele and Smith of Chauncey each scoring six points. P g.m.
a poll for a high school all-state team of players in the MO-^41 season. —I-I— As Puidue students seem to know basketball better than any other sport, it might be fun to conduct an all-camiius poll on Indiana’s best basketball players as sOeti by Purdue men and women. This poll is scheduled for the near future; so while you are home for the holidays, listen to the home town gossip about the season just culminated. -1-1— By the way: Have you noticed the name of Felix Mackie in the major league Philadelpliia A’s lineup during the past three days. Ya, that Macki^fellow, who is busting’down fences for the A’s is none other than Purdue’s 1940 baseball captain Felix Mackiewicz. Monday, he hit a home run against the Chicago Cubs with a mate on deck. The A’s won by one run. —I-I— Maybe Mac won’t stay with the Athletics this season, but the big fellow is certainly going great guns for the major club, and Connie Mack seems to like college fellows; another one '^playing is the great Sam Chapman, So. Cal’s former all-American football player. Davis, last season sensation at Duke, is also shoving the Benny McCoy (a swindle to Mack) aside at second.
Music Room Will Feature
Schubert Program Tonight
Horticulture Society Shows Movies At Tonight's Meet
An all Schubert jirogram will be presented in the music room of the Union this evening from 7 to 8 , o’clock. The program v^ill include recordings of “Soiree de Vienne” and the “Rosamunde Overture” and will feature Symphony No. 8 in B minor, “The Unfinished Symphony.”
^ Hoiticulture Society will hold an open meeting- tonight at 7:30 in room 117 of the Horticulture building. J. W. Townsend and Carl Kock, Horticultural alumni, will lecture on “How Does Your Garden Grow ?” Movies will also be shown. The general public is invited to attend tonight’s meeting, j.d.s.
IM Schedules
FRATERNITY VOLLEYBALL Wednesday, ''March 19 7:00 p, m, — Ilf Finals Delta Upsilon vs Tau Kappa Epsilon AlpKa Tau Omega vs Kappa Sigma Theta Tau vs Theta Chi Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Pi Kappa'^AIpha
• WARD volleyball 8 flO p m — Ward 38, Ward 30, Ward 28. Ward 27. Ward- 25, Ward 22, Ward 16, Ward 18, Ward 8, Ward 6.
4 00 p m
Cary Hall VolleyboU
How to Make Sates aad lofloence Customers
If you are the operator of an eating place be sure your employees are dressed in clean
Linen.
WE SUPPLY ON 4 RENTAL BASIS
\
pifONE 2000 FOR ROUTEMANvC- ’
r,
fiuhi/up. fxtWtUKtJL
Mmch )9.' 1.941
trnmmMmrnimmmmmmmmmmtmmmmlhmm
•'"'. ,’'^s,r4^3 . .'‘.>;v»''5^| -' 'S. ;
/ ♦
Si’.t
fc‘ *
Allies Cain... (Continued froni page 1)
ing fi:;e8h, unforgettable page's into Greek history.” • The Greeks Meant It In judging fr.o]n a purely Balkan ihew the . question of Yugoslavia’s choice, it has been, until now, a que^on of a ^reputedly irresistible force, Gemany, meeting a highly resilient^object, the Yugoslav gov- ' ernment. There-was no backstop as Balkan observers freely admitted. That was 10 days ago when the Axis-inspired. press continued to discuss the possibility of Germaninspired peace negotiations between Italy and Greece in the face of repeated official denials from Athens. Today it has become evident not only in Athens and Ankara, but in Belgrade and even in- Sofia, that Greece meant exactly what she said. Greater confidence now exists between the British and’ Greeks, making botli stronger to each other than they were, and more .united* And although tonight’s communique claims that there are more than 30,000, Italians who will fight no more for fascism after the Duce’s -week-long personal leadership, this does ndt seem tonight in Athens to be the best of the victoryWhat happens in Yugoslavia, inZagreb among the dissident Croats, as well as in Belpade, is considered even more" significant. For this may be the turning point of the war in southeastern Eiuope. No Flashes in Pan A week ago, when the writer was in Belgrade, the goyei^ent there was obviously buckling "under German demands to which it could find no mettlesome response. Today, although there- is still no evidence that Britain has made Yugoslavia an offer of aid, nor that she immediately contemplates doing so, the Yugoslavs have stepped from the marsh of uncertainty upon a firmer ground. They realize today, as tidings from Belgrade amply indicate, that the first Greek victories of the Autumn, jwhen British- help was almost nonexistent, "were no flashes in the pan. All Seniors It is important that all seniors check their names on the lists in the office of-their respective schools before Friday at 4 p. m. This is the list for the commencement program. Gala Week Committee.
Jinuds^ JjoJUl Open Letter American engineers and inventors are responsible for at least three-fourths of the most significant inventions of the past one hundred years in the fields of communication, transportation, illumination, mechanized agriculture, and manufacturing. These contributions, however, were made possible by the foundations laid mainty by physicists and chemists. The engineer of today is constantly using more physics, and chemistry,, while the physicist and chemist are becoming more and more interested in engineering applications. To enable the students of Purdue University 'to gain a better appreciation of the interdependence of physics and engineering a series of lectures is being arranged for the purpose of demonstrating the applications ^f physics. These lectures are.of particular'interest to sophomore engineering students, but other students are also urged to attend them. The first of these lectures on “The Applications of Physics to Engineering” will be given in th\ large lecture room of the'Electrical Building Thursday, March 20, 1941, by Dr. D. D. Ewing, Professor of Electrical Engineering at Purdue University. Dr. Ewing has had broad engineering exjgerienpe and engineering students who attend this lecture wilLgain a better appreciation of the relation of physics to engineering. A. A. POTTER, Dean of the Schools of Engineering.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second elai^ matter at the post office in liafajrette, Indiana, nnder the act of Contrress of Hatch 8, - 1879, and at the special rate of postase provided tot in section 1193, act of October S, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Honday dutinK the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription. ^SO. r Editor-in-chief. >. ..... W.' Donahue Bnsinew Hanager.._„.-.» Herle Hagemeyer Ruhiication Stall -. News Blditor. ... J. H. HoKee Managing Editor D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: N. A. Ochiltree, J. A". FUrcMl, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallemp, J. L. Traugott. « -- . Businoss Staff local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, 6. C. Iianders; Promotion Manager, C, F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadfoid; Circulation Manager, It M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff , Editor — „,JBeth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay'Miller,- Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Jbhnson, R. O. . Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Ad- < vertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This issud Night Editor: Siess Issue Editor: Clark Night Sports Editor: Adamson Staff: J. D. Hadley, F. I. Jones, M. K. Boynton, M. L. liOsey, J. Smith, S. E, Craigmile, E. M. Swarts, P. Howard, A. Chatiield, L. M. Stettebentz, J. H. Amos, P. G. Miller, D. E. Brewer, B. L. Miller, O. T. Clark.
The ^th Column
We see by the papers that only 36 percent of the German people are behind Hitler. And from all figures we have been able to gather we Would judge that that is correct. Probably. The other 65 percent are all out front . . . Fighting his battles. * 0 >)< Or concentrated. In camps. * * Also we see that the Irish have the biggest army in their history. However^ they want peace, and then intend to maintain their neutrality. If they have to fight for it. . 7 * * Bare knuckles to a finish.
Murphy campus Irishman, says, quote. “I hope the English win.” And that’s a lot. . . Coming from an Irishman. * >i< * Getting closer to home. We decided that the American people are probably the world’s greatest fighters. The Nazis strike at the British. And the British strike at the Nazis. But not us. No sir. We don’t confine ourselves to any such narrow limits. We just strike.
♦ ♦
Knudsen is asking for another 60 percent boost in production now. According to our memory we were running at 100 percent capacity a long time ago. And we’ve had a raise since then. Now with this new 'jump we should be operating at double capacity. Which is real efficiency.
ik ^
If he could only figure a way,^to apply this increase
business to our grades.
\
Speaking, of the residents of County Cork, Charlie We might be able to graduate. — dkh
To Students Registered under Selective Service Act: Each undergraduate student registered under the Selective Service Act'is requested to calLat the office of the head of the school in which he is registered for a copy of the notice regarding classification of
registrants in training or preparation issued by the National Headquarters of the Stelective Service System. Graduate students should call for
copies at Dean Dukes’ office, and freshman engineers andspecial students at Professor Knapp’s office. Edward C. Elliott, President.
Between classes... pause and
Delicious and Refreshirig
TA5TE ITS QUA|,ITY
A good way to get the most out o>f anything Is to pause now oncl then oncl refresh yourself...with Ice-cold Coca-Cola. Its taste is delicious. Its after-sense of refreshment is delightful. A short pause for ice-cold Coeo-Colo is the refreshing thing to do. So jilfliep you |»<l««l! day, moke it fno poysi fT0$h9$ witjji fce-cold^pca-Cpfa.
Botded under authotio of T|ii$ Cdc^k-C^oJa Coqipimy COCA COLA BOTTLING COMPANY
IN
SniE!
Feel poised and confident in evening clothes you know are styled right. Gullions are featuring a complete line of the latest fashions in dress suits and accessories. Be Prepared for ptiii
316 STATE
Discussion... (Continued froitf page 1) to room 307, University Hall, on Friday following the discussion. In answer to numerous questions it was stated yesterday that if a man is replaced by an alternate, the alternate must continue in the tournament. For additional infor-
mation eall Bruce Lawler, ’ The ehairmeo for tomorrow's meetings are Peggy Howard, Margaret Estep, Wmiam Bwager, Gordon Belles, Bloise Gftirl, ^ane Ostrander, Richard SpraW, Jlanet Morehottse and Charlotte Fiiific^One chairman has not yet bemi announced. These ehairmen must eSt attend a short important mee^ng for final instructions in room 308 of University hall this afternoon ^t 4 o’clock. jXa.
$
CASH
$
for' your
USED BOOKS
and
Drawing Instruments We pay 50% in cash for books in good condition, which will be used at Purdue next semester.
Highest cash price on all other bodb whether used at Purdue or not.
University Book Store
M. C. "Red SAMMONS, ’29
R. W. "Doc” ERPLE, ’40
Across form the Union Building, Next to the College Inn
Here’S the,ie1vesW»I ieltetous 6W Right in ft occasions cheviing bdps sweeten yoni it ebsi?
■
I
> IWib-, '-f
’■f.' -'>5
'^‘
'tl.
^TUdkoA
Wednesday, March 19, 1941
fiuMdjuuL £xpoHudL
Election . . . (Continued from page 1)
Sigma Pi
their officers for next year. Candidates for president are Bonnie Swope and Ruth Newton; for secretary, Chancellor Ball and Vivian Peterson, and for treasurer, Betty Woelffle and Jean Weil. Only members of YWCA are eligible to vote for these officers. Pictures of the AWS, WAA and YWCA candidates will be on posters at the polls so that the girls may identify the girls who are running for various offices. PIA . Every independent student is eligible to vote for the ward chairman of his particular ward in the PIA elections. The candidates for
GOING HOME? Use New York-Central Student Specials Saturday, March 22 1941
To CfflCAGO
Lv. Lcdayette Ar. Chicago Party Fares
12:45 p. m. Big Four Route 3:45 p. m. Big Four Route . $3,80 Round Trip—Good 20 Days
To CLEVELAND & NEW YORK
Lv. Lafayette . 12:30 p. m. Round Trip Party Fares Ar. Cleveland 8:15 p. m. Round Trip—Coach Party Fares $ 9.30 Ar. Buffalo 11:59 p. m. Round Trip—Coach PartyFares ... $14.75 Ar. New York 8:00 a. m. Round Trip—Coach Party Fares $23.25
Party fares contingent upon 15 or more to any point on Special Trains Good only in coaches. Return limit 20 days.
Buy identification tickets in advance at the University Book Store on State street 4:00 to 5:00 p. m. Daily.
HARRY "Rusty" LAYSON President Student Senate Res: 300 North St. Phone 4031
Popular college girls keep well groomed with d
Playtex Make-up Cape
Proms ... between-class dates ... tea dances ... how important for college girls to look well groomed.' That’s why a *Playtex Make-up Cape is the first accessory in every college girl’s tnmk.' She whisks it on whenever she combs Her hair or powders her nose to make sure no stray locks or powder smears mar her charming new clothes. It’s made of that amazing material, smooth liquid latex, with a useful little swing pocket for puff, tissue, lipstick, or hairpins. In shdl pink, heavenly blue, gardenia white, and daffodil yellow. Sa^es deaning bills. Delightfully i^t packaged for going-away presents. •1,00
Mail and *phona ordara fitted
LOEB'S, LAFAYETTE
Charge Check Please Send □ Playtex Make-up Capes at 1.00 each Cash Q blue □ yellow O plok pwhite. P. O, Order
□ □ □ □
Name
Address
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of John Herrington, New London, Conn., and William Mark Jones, Seymour.
Notices
Agripulturist Staff: Special joint meei^ iner of the editorial, business and circulation staffs in room 236 of the Union Wednesday, March 19, at 7 p. m. —ADAMS
Lutheran Stndenta: Meeting Thursday, March 20, at 4 p. m. in room 803 of the Union for a di8cusB(on. —MEZOFF Physical Education for Women: Ail freshman and sophomore classes in badminton, bowling and fencing meet in the Women'sGym today at 4 p. m. for a written test. —HAZELTON
Enral Ecs. and Gen. Ag. Stndente: Meeting of student-faculty club Wednesday, March 19, in room 868 of the Union. E. Waller will speak on “Professional Farm Management.” Refreshments will be served. , —KHCKPATRIOK.
ASME Members: Get your membership cards and emblems from Prof. C^e’s office between 9 and 10 o’cloek, Tucoday or Wednesday. —COALBY.
the various wards are: Hereward, Carl Smith, “Tip” Johnson, Anna Jensen; Inward, Maxine Abashire, Milt Reisman; Forward, Norman Osborne, Dale Martin; Upward, William Gunkel, Junior Compton; Southward, Lewis Captain, Felix Losson,* Luther Cree; Eastward, Frank Robinson; Northward, William Burns, Frank Suto; and Westward, Larry Myers, and Russel Bain. A map of the campus will be in the lobby to enable students to know which ward they live in. Passports must be shown to vote. a.c.
Pi Tau Sigrma: Important meeting Thursday, March 20, at 7:30 p. m. in room 830 of the Union. All members be present? —WIST
AWS: fbcecuifVe board UMoUag Thursday, March 20, instead sf Wsdncsdag in AWS office at 7 :Sa p. m. —ZWISRLBOf.
Horticulture Society: Meeting Wednesday, March 19, at 7 ;80 p. m. in room 117 of the Horticulture Building. Movies and lecture will be presented by two Horticulture alulnni. General public invited. —WOLF
"College Widow” Cast, Choruses, Dancers, and Band Members: Report without fail to Fowler Hall some time between 12 noon and 5 p. m. Thursday, March 20, for costume measurement. —DEAN
Cold Poppers: Important meeting Wednesday, March 19, at 4:30 in room 308 of the Union. —CARROL.
Freshman and Sophomore Debris Salesmen: Please meet in the Debris office at 4 p. m. Wednesday, March 19, for an important meeting. Petitions will be discussed. —LANCET
Phi Lambda Epsilon: Meeting Wednesday, March 19, at 7:80 p. m. in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. Business, distribution of kesrs and sheepskins are scheduled. Members must attend to establish active rating. —^ALEXANDER.
Christian Student Fdlowship: Meeting Thursday, March 20, at 7:80 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. —LONG.
Classified Ads
Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting in room 806 of Union at 7:80 p. m., Wednesday, March 19. —NORQUBST.
Typewritera and adding macMnas. new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typdwrlten, 828.76 to $69.60. Office auppli^. Mimeograph and mnltigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff. 806 Main St, Phone, 2779.
“College Widow” Cast: Line rehearsal for all members Wednesday, March 19, at 8 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall, and Thursday, March 20, at 7:15 p. m. —KECK
PIA Dance Class: Advanced class will meet Wednesday, March 19, at 7:30 p. m. Beginner's class will meet 'Thursday, Mairch 20, at 7:80 p. m. —HUMPHREY
Silver Mask: Meeting 7:16 p. m. March 20, room 303, Union. All actives and pledges please be present. —WEGENER.
For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
Wesley Foundation: Roller skating party Friday, March 21, at Maple Point. Meet at the Foundation House, 436 State St. at 8:30 p. m. for entertainment. Admission price will be 30 cents for boys, 16 cents for girls. —GILBERT
All Co-eds: Those wanting YWCA cabinet positions for next year should send petitions to Miss Bryant or Miss Coolidge before March 19. —BRYANT.
Theta Alpha ^i: Meeting Wednesday, 4
rHall. Short and important.
Lost: Small football shaped purse. Reward. Phone 66612.
p. m., in Fowler’
—MARTIN.
Lost: Delta Chi fraternity pin. Call 4726. Reward.
All Co-eds; Those wanting tickets for
Egg and Chick Show Committee: If possible all members be present to help address envelopes at 4 p. m. March 19 and 20.
the WAA banquet March 20 may get them
■ • iffh • ■
at the WAA onlce or at sororite houses.
—WBSTOVER.
Scabbard and Blade: Bowling team will roll against the Pill Rollers Thursday night at 7 p. m. All Scabbard and Blade bowlers be there at 6:56 p. m. in military shirts and black ties. All pledges are required to attend. —BLACKWELL
To Whom It Concerns: All lost and found articles in Senate office must be claimed by Thursday, March 20, or owners lose right to claim them. —LAWRENCE
All Forensic Managers: Please meet in room 307 of University Hall today at 4 p. m. Bring all call lists. —LAWLER
All Seniors: Please check spelling of your name for the tentative commencement program list in the office of your school. —ELLEY.
Discussion Chairmen: Important short meeting will be held today at 4 in room 308, University Hall. —-LAWLER
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Thursday, March 20, at 7:80 p. m. in room 212 of the Union. Everybody out. —YATES.
Endorsed by William Gaxton
CHARBERT'S ^AUde COLOGNE
The Gentleman’s Toiletry
518 Main St. Phone 5036
All Students: Passengers wanted to go to Detroit. Call 2722 and ask for James Vtterback. —VTTERBACK.
Agriculturist: All Agriculturist staff members and freshmen workers desiring positions for next year may obtain application blanks at the Agrienlturist office Tuesday and Wednesday, March 18 and 19 after 4 p. m. These are to be turned in Wednesday evening at a special meeting. —ADAMS.
All Classes Under Personal Direction of P. M. ALLEN Nationally Known Instructor
Rates Reasonable
ULLErS
New Dancin Classes for Children Open Saturday, March 22 Enroll Now—School Open for Registration Ballel'l' Classes BABY: Under School Age 1:30 p. ni. JUNIOR: Age 6-9 3:00 p. m. SENIOR: Age 10-13 9:30 a. m. JUNIOR HIGH (Toe and Acrobatic) Age 13-18 11:00 a. m. Tap Classes BABY: Under School Age 4-6 2:15 p. m. JUNIOR: Age 6-9 3:45 p. m. JUNIOR BALLROOM: Age 10-16 7:00 p. m. Adult Tap Classes Open Beginner's Wed., March 26 6:30 p. m. Advanced Thurs., March 27 6:30 p. m. 6th & FERRY PHONE 2150
People Differ About Dry Cleaning!
There are those who just want their clothes ■ cleaned and pressed. There are many others who wish the little details looked after, such as, missing buttons replaced, rips resewed, dirt removed from trouser cuffs, protection against moth damage, etc. Crown looks after all these details to better serve you.
riNE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
with Woody Herman and the PROM BAND
Hear These Hot Numbers on
DECCA RECORDS
3643 Blue Flame Fur Trapper's Ball
3617 Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy Bounce Me Brother \('ith a Solid Four
3577 Chips Boogie Woogie Chips Blues
3501 Blues on Parade Peach Tree Street
3081 Can this Be Love? Blue Ink
2440 Woodchoppers' Ball Big-Wig in the Wigwam
The Foster Shop
East Side of Square
This new Piggly Wiggly SUPER MARKET
Is Open Every FRIDAY and SATURDAY
until 9:00 p. m.
PIGGLYWIGCLY