y
9
/
j^ii. toi^-r Yi^
the
urdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Wednesday, November 24, 1937
NUMBER 61
Tickets For Union Show intinee Still AvriIb
Blacky Tan Fantasy Cast Rehearse Free Thanksgiving Minstrel Show
All of the tickets for the evening performance of the free Union sponsored Thanksgiving Show being put on in the Union ballroom tomorrow night at 7:45 are gone. Four hundred reserved seat ducats for the afternoop performance scheduled for 1:15 may be secured at a desk in the lobby of the Union
this afternoon at 4 o’clock. The show, known as the Black and
Tan Fantasy, is entirely a student production. Pat Clinton and his campus orchestra are supplying the music both for the show and for a free Union-sponsored tea dance between performances tomorrow
afternoon from 3:30 to 6:30. Union vice-presidents Millholland
and Taylor are directing the show while Eastburn is in charge of costumes and Harper is supervising the stage and lights. Betty Jo and Rufina Sexton are directing the
dances.
Although seats have been reserved, those not occupied at the time the show starts will be turned over to general admission.
McCoy To Play For Union Anniversary Big Apple Dance Clyde McCoy, famed “Sugar Blues” maestro, is bringing his band to the University for the Purdue Memorial Union’s 16th anniversary dance this Friday night and for the regular mixer Saturday night. (Continued on Page 4)
22 Juniors Petition For Prom Posts; 16
Last minute rush for Px'om and Gala Week petitions at the Union Student Senate office last night brought the number of petitioners for Prom Committee berths to 22 and 16 for Gala Week All of these petitioners, to be eligible for election at open balloting December. 14, must turn in their petitions to the Student, Senate election committee by or before 5 o’clock next Tuesday, November 30. Each petition must carry the signature of 25 juniors in the case of Prom and an equal number of seniors for Gala Week. Square Dealers One political faction, a new figuie in campus politics, known as the “Square Deal” party, had previously announced its committee members. They aye: Betty Jo Sexton, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Mary Cooley, unorganized; Tony Ippolito, Theta Chi; Tom Garland, unorganized; Basil Petry, Acacia; Don Glover, unorganized; and Charles Liming, Lambda Chi Alpha. When the political haze cleared away last night, a second party known as “Bona Fide” was discov (Continued on Page 4) Union Carriers Will
By D. R. Vance
“End men, where do you want your seats ? All right, quiet, everybody.” Union Vice-President Bud Taylor started the rehearsal last night after Union workers had sepnt almost the whole hour from 8 till 9 o’clock tearing up and putting back tbgether the stage at the north
end of the ballroom.
Dick Craig, interlocutor began the action after the show had been introduced by four of our Purdue coeds in the proper stage manner—a recitation accompanied by the band. Then the end men, Dave Thompson, Stubby Meier, Tevie Spencer, and Fred Ahrens swung into action. (They were usually doing something all through the show, whether they were supposed to or not).
Smoking Act
Jerry Ciral, campus impersonator put on his smoking act and then 'brought Cinema Actor Charles
Laughton's portrayal of “Captain Bligh” backto life with sidelights appropriate for the Purdue campus. The Pony Chorus went through two routines to furnish the greatest part of the dancing in the show, but Betty Jo and Rufina Sexton’s number and Don Muller’s tap routine introduced a more professional note. Gene Plater, with his ever-appear-ing cigarettes, gave an impression of what every college student would like—a cigarette handy all the time. Marge Stairett and Vern Breitweiser put the finishing touches to the rehearsal with vocal numbers. Early Dinners Student Union vice-presidents in charge of the production want the cooperation of fraternities and sororities in having their Thanksgiving dinners early enough so that the members may be able to attend the afternoon performance, which begins at 1:30 o’clock.
Amid cheering and yelling that threatened to halt the election, Green Potters picked a president and vice-president last night in the Armory under the supervision of Skull and Gres cent, sophomore men’s honorary. Out of 34l votes cast, Chuck Gibson was given 111 to win the presidency over the next high man, Bruce Yates, who rolled up 105, while Hal Todd, defeated D. M. Light by a vote of 111 to 100 for the office of vice-presi-
dent,
Gibson and Todd, both Cary Hall men, ran on the organized Independent ticket, publicity for which was arranged through a little head work by some of the boys in Cary Hall. Realizing the value of advertising, the politicians solicited subscriptions from students on the campus. With the foul dollars accumulated, they printed posters, and put the candidates—both of them—in office.
riestley Proclaims Nation us Of Peace
Americans Work Best Together Asserts English Convo Speaker By. Dorothea Justin A man who reads telegrams as if they were ordinary postcards, but who would be disappointed greatly if he didn’t have them to read, a man who carrys a little something helpful because “One never knows what one will find in these college towns,” a man who considers it obvious that he is a favorite (not unwillingly) with the ladies, is John Boyden Priestley. Man Of The World The plump, average height, dark-haired lecturer and critic is sure of himself. He oozes man of the worldness, “y’know.” His portrayal of the Englishman who finds Americans an interesting exhibit and panorama of strange actions, has just the right touch of the broad “a,” and P. G. Wodehouse slang to delight his properly impressed American audience.
His lecture last night, which he said he had given many times, may be the last he will ever give, he explained. Following the Union reception for him, he left for Arizona to meet his wife and to recuperate from a strenuous tour of the United States. Three London Plays Three of his plays are running in London now—a record in 30 years past of English theater. His voyage from England aboard the Queen Maiy he described as a cocktail party of four and a half days duration. “Americans are best at doing the things that require a large number working together, like making films or building skyscrapers . . . not good at things like writing symphonies. “You speak of rugged individualism (as a people), yet you are really a nation of collectivists. I explained that in my book ‘Midnight on a Desert’.” elaborated the novelist.
ir
New Activities Guide Containing detailed information about 97 activities on the University campus, the new Student Activities Guides will be distributed by Student Union carriers to all students, starting tomorrow. These Guides, data for which was compiled by the Union, and edited and printed by the Exponent, are intended to aid in-formation-seeking eds and co-eds, especially freshmen. According to R. P. Manion, Exponent editor-m-chief who handled the editorial side of the bulletin’s publication, over 400 of the directories were given out to the senior counselors yesterday. Printed on a large single sheet, the Guides contain classified information about each activity, such as its main work, whom to call about it, and its requirements. The activities themselves are grouped into various divisions—Athletic Organizations, Publications, Social Groups etc. Officials in charge stressed the importance of taking good care of these sheets, as there will be no more printed after the original supply is exhausted.
Ian For Choosing Yearbook Beauties Removing the veil of mystery which has long surrounded the selection of Debris beauties, yearbook editor Chuck Ehinger yesterday outlined a complete program for the choosing of this year’s fairest co-
eds.
Any co-ed is eligible to compete in the contest. All that she need do is place her name on the list in the Debris office any time before 5 p.m. December 3 Chalk Sketches Saturday evening, December 4, at the regular Union Varsity Show in the ballroom the contest will be held. A committee of three judges will choose from the contestants the four whom they consider the most beautiful. These co-eds will not only be given full length photographs in the Debris, but also, chalk sketches will be included foi the first time. The official judges committee consists of Prof. Reed Winsey of the art department of DePauw University; Paul Hawkins, prominent Indianapolis artist, who is going to do the chalk sketches; and A1 Cole, editoy of the Indiana Arbutus, who will represent the impartial college interest. Those girls competing in the contest will gather on one side of the band stand in the ballroom. As they walk across the stand, their names will be called for the benefit of the judges and the judges will in turn make their selections. Pi Kappa Phi Pledges Pi Kappa Phi social fraternity announces the pledging of Richard Springgate of Whiting.
What, No Pot Burning? During the election, one phot;ohunter from the 1938 Debris peered in and inquired if perhaps the frosh were going to have pot burning in a few minutes. The boys on the door supported him as far as Tom’s where they left him tearing up posters hand over fist. Rumor has it that this year’s officers have planned an all-freshman dance to be held sometime in the spring.
Include Exhibit Of Designs By Tremulis Oiiginal automobile designs by 23 year-old Alex Tremulis will be exhibited in the SAE Auto Show Friday and Saturday at the Armory, organization officials announced last night. Tremulis, designer at large for Briggs Body Company, offered the show drawings that he has made since he was 16 years-of-age. The exhibits include custom, interior, and prospective designs and layout drawings. i Drawings Forecast Future SAE authorities state that many of the Tremulis designs forecast the present and futui^e trends in styling, as the cat-walk, cooling system, and built in headlights.
Rev. Albert B. Coe, author, lecturer, and pastor of the First Congregational Church, Oak Park, 111., will be in charge of religious convocation services at the newly redecorated Eliza Fowler Hall Sunday morning at 10:30. The University Choir of 150 voices, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will present two special anthems dm-ing the ser-
vices.
During the summer of 1935, Reverend Coe delivered a gTOup of sermons at Glasgow and Liverpool, and in the summer of 1936 he occupied the pulpit of a Montreal Church. He was granted an extended leave of absence from his pastorate to deliver a series of lectures on peace. Dr. Alfred Salter, British parliament member, teamed with Dr. Coe while they made this group of orations on the Pacific
Coast.
Noted Lecturer Talks To 2,500 On 'American Responsibilities'
By R. J. Deckard
Tersely picturing “fourth dimension” scientific theories, “interplanetary philosopher” J. B. Priestley lectured on “American Responsibilities” before an audience of 2,500 last night in the Memorial Gymnasium. Introduced by versatile President E. C. Elliott, the Englishman shocked those present with the kalpidoscopic rapidity of emphasizing early in his talk that the Americas were the nucleus
of peace movements. America Is Land of Security
“America has been the land of security in a world of turmoil” said Priestley. “While other nations are incessantly on edge with the potentialities of national combat, you” pointed out the Britisher, “are continuing your pacifying influence.” “The nations of Europe are keeping an eye on the Americas. What you do, they do! Reasoning from the facts that your country is the initiator of world peace it is the American responsibility to keep peace and love evident in the east-
ern hemisphere.
After the convocation in the gymnasium, Priestley adjourned to the main lounge of the Memorial Union Building for a reception where refreshments were served to convoca-
tion enthusiasts.
Shotgun Floors Playshop’s Noise-Girl In Practice Show
By Gordon J. Tafel “Ooooh!! Do I have to shoot that thing?” Ramah Byall, pretty Playshop sound effects worker, gazed in awe at the 12-gauge shotgun held out to her by George Glover, productions manager for the coming Playshop show, “Hell Bent Fer Heaven.” George placed the barrel of the gun in a bung-hole of a barrel, and told her to cock the gun and pull the trigger. After cocking the gun she quaveringly cried, “I’m afraid!” After further reassurance, she
Alice Parlon, junior science co-ed, was declared winner in a post-season flurry of Playshop ticket sales, and received the grand prize of $10.00, offered to the salesman selling the most tickets during a special ticket drive. Bonuses of $5.00 were given to Virginia Huffman, Louise Edwards, Bill Billings, Valerie Armstrong, Kitty Qromer, and Jean Small.
pulled the trigger, and when the smoke had cleared away m the subbasement of the Union, was found sprawled on the floor a few feet from her original position. Explosion Effects This bit of realism will be necessary to give the impression of an explosion when some dastardly villain blows up the dam during the play. At that time Ramah will have a few pillows to intercede for her when she pulls the trigger. After the shot, she will pick herself up and quickly scurry over to a Fowler Hall ventilator, a hammer in each hand. At the right moment, she’ll vigoijously hammer on the ventilator, and the audience will hear rumblings
coming from all points of the compass in Fowler Hall. Another odd sound effects contraption is the wind machine. A wind machine, yes, but not like any other wind machine in the world. It’s a barrel-like affair four feet in diameter and five feet in length, mounted on a special platform. A strip of heavy canvas passes over the barrel, and by revolving the latter with a crank, all kinds of wind, from a summer’s zephyr to a tropic monsoon, may be created. To get the effect of the flood that marks the dramatic high spot of the play, some big-armed, back-stage stooge merely rolls a barrel, containing bricks, broken dishes, grandmaw’s overshoes, parts of a modelT Ford, and Purdue anvils, around on the floor. Rain—Gallons Of It With this show portraying the entire gamut of human emotions, of course there must be rain. There IS. Glover says that gallons upon gallons of water will be falling upon the stage. When asked where all this water will go to, George replied that they haven’t figured that out yet! To show that it really is raining, in this scene each member of the cast, before going on stage, must stand below .George, perched on a step-ladder, and get copiously sprinkled from a sprinkling can. Some new influenza cases coming up for you, Doc Miller, With all of these sound effects machines providing a variety of headaches for the committee, the first Playshop show to be presented in the new Fowler Hall theatre, November 29 through December 4, will undoubtedly have the area behind the scenes crowded and jammed with an array of weird contraptions.
On Advising Frosh Senior men counselors received final instructions yesterday afternoon as they met in Stanley Coulter Hall for their last lecture before going out to advise delinquent freshment. Dr. J. E. Walters, director of personnel, outlined the counseling procedure to the seniors and explained the use of personnel records in helping the scholastically deficient first year men. The names and information concerning freshmen who received yellow slips were allotted to the counselors. Each senior was also equipped with three of the newly printed activities chaits for use in helping the freshmen get a proper balance between work and play by entering student extracurricular functions. The counselors will begin work immediately to bring the University’s delinquent frosh, 47 per cent of the total freshman enrollment, up to passing before examination time rolls around in January. Alumni Groups Plan Thanksgiving Dance Working together, the Alumni Associations of Indiana University, and Purdue, will sponsor an annual Thanksgiving cabaret dance November 27 in Valencial Gardens, Fort Wayne. William Bach, president of the Purdue Alumni Association, will serve as general chairman, and will be assisted by Robert McDonald, president cf the Indiana Alumni, as co-chairman. Tickets may be obtained by contacting Donald Baals, 224 Sheetz street, or Gerald Ferries at the Sigma Pi house. WSGA Announces Thanksgiving Hours WSGA judicial board announces that 18 o’clock hours will prevail for all co-eds tonight and, tomorrow night because of the Thanksgiving holii day.w
‘ ■' -
.i,x
i ,
THE PURPIIE EXPONENT
Wednesday. November 24. Id37
Exponent Is Non-Partisan... .... in the matter of student elections, and in maintaining this political status we will attempt to give each Prom and Gala Week ticket a fair and equal portion of publicity. Yesterday was the deadline for withdrawing petitions for membership on these committees, and a week from yesterday, November 30, is the final day for returning the petitions. Our guess is that all candidates arid parties will be lined up by the latter date, so we will open our columns to Prom and Gala Week propaganda on the following day. If all political parties will submit to the Bx ponent by 8 p. m. November 30 their respective platforms, not to exceed 175 words in length, those platforms will be published in the paper December 1. A Word Of Explanation... . . . . is necessary concerning the activities guide that has just come off the press ... that is, necessary if the Exponent wishes to avoid the wrath of some few student organizations. For the sake of conserving available space, we placed a few groups under a classification in which they evidently do not belong. For instance, Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman women’s scholastic honorary, Kappa Psi, pharmaceutical honorary, and Purdue Student Alliance, liberal, non-partisan student organization, are listed respectively with the service, science, and social groups. Again in the name of space limitation, we may have failed to give proper attention to an activity or two, but not with any ill-meant intentions. Proofs of the chart were on hand at the Student Union office one afternoon and evening so that each officer might check the write-up of his organization. Social fraternities and sororities, Prom and Gala Week committees. Military Ball commit-
the Purdue Exponent
HEHeer^
g^sseciated €foilejtate
Entered as Second class natter at the poet office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congreaa Of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postase provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, anthoriaed Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular aea> demic year and weekly daring the Sumner Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail 18.60. lt8l»M0VNTSO FOR NATIONAL. ADVBItTISiNO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representatioe 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHickco - Boston . LOsANCici.es - San FnaNcisco MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone,6087 . Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union' Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office ] ■'
Editor-In-Chief
Bnsinesa Manarer
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor J. E. Brock Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. 'Vance Editor’s Secretary , Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager.. ....J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager.... W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager. , R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor.. ; Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors .Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor.:...., R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors....^ J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opiniions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide wUh the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Night Editor—Stanback Issue Editor—Kroeplin Wednesday, November 24, 1937
tee, and other special social groups were omitted from the guide. No activity in the class of the 97 included in the chart was left out, as far as we know.
HE School Gets New Manafeiient House To meet the growing demands of actual experience in home management for all senior home economics students, the University has recently purchased a second home management practice house—the home of the late Dr. H. C. Peffer, former head of chemical engineering here. This house, at Russell street and Stadium avenue, a few doors west of the other home management house, is being operated on the same plan as the first one: six girls live in the house, each one managing it for a period of one week, recei'ving training in the duties of a hostess, entertaining, unexpected guests, and many other details. TOUCHBALL —Today— —CARY HAUL— Field 8— North 1 vs. East 3—^Leppla. 9— North 2 vs. North 3—juillard. 10—East 2 vs. Annex—^Captain.
Wednesday, November 24 11:00—American Institutions, Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 1-2:80—Sports Review with Bob Heine. 12:45—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—Meditations, by Rev. Claude Young. 1:15—Vocational Guidance— Dean A. A. Potter. 1:30—The Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Market and Weather Reports. 2:00—Lafayette Gi-ade School Program. 2:16—This Week in Literature A. R. Rolfs. 2:30—You and Your Child— Mrs. Katharine Reed. 2:45—Hymn Echoes. 3:00-—The Home Decorator. 3:16—The American Scene. 3:30:—Music with the Masters. 4:00—Story Book Hour. 4:16—-Clarice Speer, soprano. 4:30—Better Vision. 4:46^—^Twilight Musicale.
Governor Townsend Addresses Banquet Presided over by Prof. Charles Murphy, of the University history, economics, and history department, the Young Men’s Democratic Club opened its meeting last night at 6 p. m. With a banquet in the Memorial Union ballroom. Governor Clifford Townsend, David E Ross, and Frank C. Hockema, after being introduced by Professor Murphy, who is president of the democratic club, spoke to the 585 students and townspeople who attended the banquet. At 8 o’clock, following the dinner, the meeting adjourned to the Lafayette Armory where, before a crowd of 1,300, Governor To-wnsend spoke on “Present Day Problems.”
UsiiveTsity Calendar
—Today-— Playshop Rehearsal: Tower room of Union Building at 4 p. m. Camera Club Meeting: Reception room of LTnion Building at 7 p.m. New Testament Class: Room C of Union Building at 7 p. m. Christian Foundation Meeting: In room A of the Union Building at 7:30 p. in. Silver Mask Meeting: Room D of Union Building at 7:30 p. m. Stamp Collectors’ Meeting: Room F of the Union Building at 7:30 p.m.
-TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE
V
Subffcrib* ior Tb* Pimiiiw ExpottMit NOWI
Fast Flippant Comedy in a 3-Way Romance THERE GOES THE GROOM Ann Sothern Burgess Meredith
’ PLUS LOCKED DOOR wHh Barbara Stanwyck
ARC
— • LAST DAY t •'Moll GARY COOPif) JEAN ARTHUR Cecil B.QeMille's PlAMSMAN' and
Ulnar—LAST DAY— GARY COOPER GEORGE RAFT
“SOULS AT SEA” —aiid— GERTRUDE LAWRENCE in “Sophie Lang Goes West”
Thursday - Friday - Saturday BUCK JONES in “BLACK ACES” nnd— RICHARD ARLEN ta “Murder in Greenwich VUIage”
Well-confirmed reports have it that “Red Rohyans” radical Student Senate President, who says, “Down with everything that’s up, up with everything that’s down,” didn’t do so well in the “up,” last night at the Gimlet initiation. Hanging from the goalpost, he couldn’t remember the words to “Hail, Purdue.” What we want to know is, what girl co-captain Mihal kissed ? Unconfirmed reports indicate that Jeanne Beemer' was the recipient of the osculatory exercise to which Joe referred in his acceptance talk at the Mars Theater.
Howjever, we have been told that she kissed him, instead of vice ver-
Where waS Bill Bailey at the Green Potter elections? Bill, don’t you know that politics were involved in that, too? Speaking of politics, now that prospective Prom committeemen have taken out petitions. Prom election fireworks should be in the offing. If three, or perhaps four parties can’t liven up the campus . . . nothing can. We hope that these parties confine their whitewashing to each other instead of the campus sidewalks. Roger Williams Club To PiciicAfVawter'sCamp Roger Williams Club will leave the West Side Baptist Church at 2:30 tomorro'w afternoon for their annual Thanksgiving outing at Vawter’s camp on the Tippecanoe River.. . Following supper, the group will spend the rest of the evening singing by the fireside. A fee of 25 cents will be charged to cover transportation.
—LAST DAY—
%-MS3IS STARTING TOMORROW JACK HALEY ANN SOTHERN EDW. EVERETT HORTON MARY BOLAND IN “DANGER—LOVE AT WORK”
LUMA
—LAST DAY-
THEIR LOVE IS NEWS AGAIN! . . . and this time they mean it with all their hearts I
TYRONE POWER L: LOREHA f YOUNG ^ .Second Moneymooih STUART SRWIN ClAIRI TREVOR —STARTING tomorrowjane WITHERS “45 FATHERS” piM WILL ROGERS “JUDGE*PRIBST”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘After all my years of loyal and faithful service—and now a younger man steps into my job!”
Claude M. Hathaway Will lecture Here December 2 Claude M. Hathaway, mechanical engineer in the General Engineex’irig Laboratory of the General Electric Company at ychenectady. New York, will give a lecture for mechanical and electrical engineers in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building on December 2, at 8 p. m. The lecture will be illustrated with film slides showing devices for electrically measuring thickness, stress, pressure, and strain, and how these instruments are used in industry today.
YWCA Members Hold Thanksgiving Vespers Before an open nre m the faculty lounge of the Union Building, about 35 YWCA members took part in an informal Thanksgiving vesper service at 4 o’clock yesterday afternoon. Dorothy Coan, vice-president of YWCA, planned the musical program which began with group singing led by Martha Smith. Jane Anilerson, harpist, and Martha Smith, who sang “Thanks Be To God,” completed the musical portion of the program. Several of James Whitcomb Riley’s poems were read at the conclusion of the sei’vice.
^ '• I. ... .. .W.S . . .
The Last
IS never s
at
The urge to “make it better” is always there ■ ' , ■ ■ ’ i , - . ■121 ^EN you approach old problems with a fresh view- * * point, you often get outstanding improvements. For example: wires for telephone cable had long been insulated by a spiral wrapping of paper ribbon. Refusing to accept this as the “last word,” a Western Electric engineer mixed a wood pulp solution in a milk bottle—poured it on a wire—the pulp stuck. The systematic development of this idea resulted in a new and more economical insulating process—making an insulating covering of paper right on the wirel Such originality leads to improved manufacturing processes and better telephone apparatus for the Bell System. / Jfanu/aclurinf Plants at Chleaga, JU., Kaarny, N. J., and Battimoro, Md.Wednesday. November 24.1937
Phillips Announces Letters, Numerals
For Cross Country
Letter and numeral awards for cross country competition, announced yesterday by Track Coach Harmon Phillips include three major letters, eight minors and six fi’eshman numerals. The men receiving major awards are A. C. Bodeau, A. P. Knapp and R. B. Marozick, while those receiving minor letters are M. Bell, J. Denzler, R. Patout, A. V. Gaulke, D. R. Long, and J. W. Mazur. G, W. Roper and B. S. Markel will receive minor manager letters. The freshmen receiving numerals are M. L. Clevett, E. Holderman, R. Ormiston, C. Reeves, L Schlater and J. White.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
THE ITOIDUE EXPONgNT
PRACTICE BASKETBALL
—Today—
COURT 1—R. Igney, referee. 7:00—ATO vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 7:16—Beta Sigma Psi vsv Phi Kappa
Tau.
8:25—Wdrd 1 vs. Ward 2X. 8:40—Ward 4 vs. Ward 6.
COURT 2—C. W. Mann, referee. 7:00—Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Delta Theta. 7:15—Delta Chi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 8:25—Ward IIX vs. Ward 12. 8:40—Waid 17 vs. Cary Hall 3. *'
COURT 3—M. Aronson, referee. 7:00—Delta Tau Delta vs. Kappa Sigma. 7:15—Kappa Delta Rho vs. Delta Upsilon. 8:26—Ward lOX vs. Cary Hall 2 E. 8:40—Ward 9 vs. Ward 7X.
? thank you for your patronage and wish each and everyone a pleasant thanksgiving.
City Meat And Poultry Co. 1 220 N. 3rd. Street
Our sports ed was busy at the Gimlet party last night, and was unable to turn out the column, so we of the hired help are taking over .. . Today we present two thumbnail sketches of next year’s football co-captains . . Joseph Mihal, called “Bogey” by his Sigma Chi brothers, hails from
Gary . . . General dimensions: 21 years old, six feet two inches tall, and
weight, 225
-fc-
Joe just about ran Emerson High up in Gary . . . Besides playing four years of football and basketball, he was active in track, baseball, oratory and dramatics (“I played Shakespeare, too—no kidding!!”) ..
—fc—
“Bogey” is a dyed-in-the-wool woman-hater ... He’s only had four dates since he’s been here . . . “I’ll be single for a long time,” he declared v.eh^mently, when the subject
of matrimony was brought up
He’s a first-class crooner, and can
he truck! . .
—^fc-
In his fiosh year Joe won numerals in football, baseball, and basketball ... at the present he is working out with the basketball squad, and will probably see plenty of action on the hardwood this season . . —fc—
Paul Eugene Humphrey, better known as “Hump,” comes from Garfield High of Terre Haute . . . Dark complexioned with curly black hair, he tips the scales at about 185 . . . —^fc—
In high school “Hump” was a football and basketball star . . . He played thiee years at center on the grid squad and two years of basketball . . . when he came here he let basketball drop and concentrated on football ... at which sport he seems to be doing okay . . . —^fc—
“Hump” is quite the opposite of Joe with regards to the ladies .'. .
He has been going with the same girl for six years . . , One of his favorite pastimes is dancing . . . —^fc— The Science school is “Hump’s” department of higher education . . . He wants to go into medicine when he graduates . . . His one ambition, he says, is for Purdue to win the Western Conference championship next yea/. . .
Varsity, Faculty Tie
Squash Match, 3-3
A score of 3 to 3 was the final result of the tilt between the varsity and faculty squash teams yesterday. Field, Knoll, and Clevett were victorious for the faculty as Juve, Lucek, and Sokolowski won matches for the varsity. The first outside match the vaisity will compete in will be held next Saturday at Dayton, O., with the Dayton YMCA as the opposition in the afternoon, and the Wright Air Corps Officers in the evening. On December 9 the team moves on eastward to Cleveland where they tangle with the Cleveland Athletic Club in the afternoon, and the University Club in the evening. Individual scores in yesterday’s matches were: Lucek-Allen, 3-0; SokolowskiLaBree, 3-2; Field-Wakefield, 3-1; Juve-Tzucker, 3-2; Knoll-Jackson, 3-2; Clevett-Lynn, 3-1.
Your Application
IS
Most Important
SOMETHING TO SELL? WANT HELP? DID YOU LOSE SOMETHING? DO YOU WANT WORK?
If so, make your application through the medium of the Exponent Classified Columns.
the p,
UBDUE Exponent
Basketball Season Will
Start On December II
With the closing of the football season last Saturday, the attention of the nation’s fans turned to the next perennial sport —basketball.
The Boilermakers are slated to open their cage season December 11, when they meet Indiana State Teachers here. The next two games are also home games, with Xavier and U. of Detroit providing the competi-
New Cross Country Course Planned In Happy Hollow Hills By Jerry Collins
CroSs country men will spend their time running around Happy Hollow next year, if Coach Phillips’ plans for a new cross country course become a reality. After running his squad across part of the mountains of Pennsylvania at Pittsburgh this year, Coach Phillips decided to try and give some of next year’s visitors a little competition in the way of tough courses. He thought of adding a half-mile of the Wabash River to the course, but decided against it because of the possibilities of a water ace on some opposing team. However, he did plan a new course through the Happy Hollow playground. Next Year As all of Purdue’s meets for the coming season will be at home except for the Wabash contest. Coach Phillips decided that this year would be the ideal time to change the cross country course and see if he couldn’t find a few extraordinary hills in this entirely-too-level country. In looking around the landscape for some of these higher elevations, he decided that the ideal spot would be the notorious Happy Hollow district. If Coach Phillips’ plans come to life you will see an addition to the
tion.
Christmas Trip Duimg the Christmas holidays the team will make a trip to the Pacific Coast. On December 28 they play Southern California at Los Angeles, and on the following day they meet the University of California squad. The Big Ten schedule opens on January 8 at Chicago. A total of 12 Big Ten games are slated, with half being played here and half away
from home.
Purdue Basketball Schedule
Dec. 11—Indiana State Teach. (H) Dec. 13—Xavier (Cincinnati)
Dec. 15—U. of Detroit
Dec. 18—DePaul
Dec. 20—Loyola (Chicago)
Dec. 22—Denver
Dec. 28—South. California Dec. 29—U. C. L A.
Jan. 8—Chicago Jan. 10—Illinois Jan. 15—Wisconsin
Jan. 17—Northwestern
Feb. 5—Indiana Feb. 7—Illinois Feb. 12—Ohio State Feb. 19—W'lsconsin Feb. 21—Ohio State Feb. 26—Indiana, Feb. 28—Chicago
Mar. 5—Northwestern
(H) (H) (T) (T) (T) (T) (T) (T) (T) (H) (H) (H) (H) (T) (T) (H) (T) (H) (T)
visitors to Happy Hollow in the form of the thinly-clads, who represent the strength of Purdue in the cross country event. The squad hopes to start running on this course and to hold all of their meets there next spring.
DOES THE WINTER MAKE YOU SHIVER?
Maybe you need one of our
HOODED JACKETS!
BEST QUALITY WOOL A WIDE VARIETY OF COLORS TWO ZIPPER FASTENERS
.75—LOW STUDENT PRICE
—CALL— A. S. PLACE—7935 C. F. STERNS—5065
BETTER HEALTH FOR OUR BOYS AND GIRLS.. . PROTECT THEM AGAINST TUBERCULOSIS, THE DISEASE THAT STILL LEADS AS A CAUSE OF DEATH BETWEEN 15 AND 25
BUY and IBSE CHRISTMAS SEALS
Thu HalioaaL 8t<rtu. and iacql Tulmmdaaia Aiwiatfawa to «b» Uwlfd gtalX\
p I
til
■k
nlE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, November 24,1937
Penalty Dates
Today and Fnday, Novembei 26, are penalty days, lepresenting the 24 houi peiiods befoie and after Thanksgiving Day. Other penalty days foi the fiist semestei include, from noon Decembei 17 to noon December 18 and Januaiy 3 Executive Memorandum: No excuse ^vlll be granted prior to any absence on penalty dates. Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake, may file with the Dean of Men a certified, detailed statement explaimng the case within seven days following the close of the recess petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary pa3™ent. Penaltj Rule: Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the twenty-four hours (not including Saturday afternoon nor Sunday) immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the cashier an extra fee of $5 00 for each twentyfour houi peiiod or fi action thereof missed. M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Conditional Students: Examinations for the removal of conditions in ME 31 and ME 61 will be given December 4 at 1 p m in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering Building Any student wishing to take this test must see me before November 27 —MESSERSMITH
CE 6 and CE 10 (Camp) ‘ Examinations for the removal of conditions will be held in CE 101 December 4 at 1 p m Get permits in CE 102 before December 1 —TODD
22 Juniors--(Continued fiom Page 1)
eied Affiliated with this ticket aie L E Armstiong, Pi Kappa Phi, J D Baker, Delta Tau Delta, P W. Eckstein, Kappa Sigma; J. L. Gobble, unorganized, W K Millholland, Alpha Tau Omega, C T Svan, Phi Delta Theta, and Maitha Smith, Chi Omega All-Campus Part\ The faction, knotvn as the “Seven Aces” last yeai ,is lunning undei the name of “All Campus” this yeai Members of this group’s committee aie F Baase, unoiganized, C S Meier, Alpha Kappa Lambda, R J Ruth, Theca Xi, R M Sassei, Alpha Chi Rho, E S Mason, Phi Kappa Psi, W H Smith, Phi Gamma Delta ,and Maitha Whitehead, unoiganized Gala Week petitioneis have not indicated then political affiliations as yet Those taking out petitions are Fay Pendeiglass, R C Schenk, H L Slone, D 0 Thompson, R. C Martin, J R O’Connoi, N M Paikhurst, J E Gooiy R B Davis, J N Perkins, Jean Small, Vnginia Slocum, Don Baals, E N Cox J W Seaboig, J C Sanders.
McCoy Will Play(Continued fiom Page 1)
Military Academy Gives BS Degrees To Graduates In accoi dance with an act of Congiess passed last summei, the supeiintendent of the United States Military Academy is conferring bacheloi of science degiees on living graduates He lequests those no longer in active service to send then mailing address
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Mam street.
LOST—K. and E drawing set Name of J Ogle on it Call 3191 STUDENT ROOM—Available at once Rent starting Decembei 10, 222 North Salisbury
Hydraulics (C.E. 41): An examination for the removal of C grades will be given in Room 203, Civil Engineering Building, on November 27tb, from 1 to 4 p m. Students who intend to take the examination should notify the undersigned prior to November 25 —GBEVB
Co-eds Shuffle Board and Ping Pong call-outs November 30 at 4 00 p m in the Women’s Gym Sign up on the bulletin board Everyone interested please come —BLANK
Purdue Christian Foundation Cabinet There will be a meeting at 7 p m in room A of the Union, November 24 -CRISS WAA Volleyball Practice for intramuial tournament November 24 at 4 p m RODERICK
Alpha Phi Omega: Important business meeting in the reception rodm of the Memorial Union Building at 7 p. m. November 26 All members aie requested to be present —MOORE
Students’ Bible CHass: Meeting in room B of Union Building November 25, from 7 to 8 p m Reverend Ainslie will discuss the subject “Creation vs Evolution ’’ All students are cordially invited —BURBRINK Union Sophomores: All men interested in ushering at the ’Thanksgiving Union Shows November 26 meet in the Union office at 4pm November 24 for a short meeting —MATTHEWS
WSGA No executive board meeting Novtmbei 24 —STEWART Purdue Engineer All salesmen finish canvassing and turn in cards money and leceipts by November 26 —HAMMER. Union Workers My committee meet in the ballroom November 24, at 4 p m -HARPER
Union Workers Our committees report to the workshop November 24, at 4 p m Important —CABONARGl MASON
Union Workers. All available sophomore workers report to the Union office as soon as possible after 1pm and 7pm November 2 1 —JACOBSON Union Workers My committee meet in the Union office November 24 at 4 p m —GARLAND
WAA: Meeting of intramural managers and heads of winter sports at 4 p m November 24 in the Women’s Gymnasium —SHAFFER
Playshop: Important meeting of lights crew in Union sub-basement November 24 at 4pm —BEAMING Prom and Gaia Week Petitions: All peti-
tions must be turned in to Senate office, room A in the Union, between 4 and 6_p. m , not later than November 30 Earlier if possible I ‘ —ROHYANS
Roger Williams Club Players: All those interested in tryouts for the Christmas play report to the church at 7 80 p m on November 26 —REVEAL
Lafayette Philatelic Society Meeting in room F of the Union at 7 30 p m November 24 —MILLER
WAA Riflery. Practice November 24 at 6 15, Ward 3 at 7 make-up at 7 46, Kappa Alpha Theta at 8 30 Pi eta Phi Will the following shoot some time November 24 at night Pedallion, Phi Mu Chi Omega and Kappa Kappa Gamma —CHRISTENSON
Camera Club Members may see samples of mounting board at Student Union office and must place their orders before 4pm November 24 The miniature enlarger is installed and ready for use —WILLIAMSON
Ward Basketball Boys living on Marstellai Sheets and Wood streets wishing to play ward basketball this semester call 41061 November 26 after 6pm —LUPEAR
SHARE—South loom with benioi chemical, continuous hot watei, new inneispimg raattiess, $10 month 226 Pieice Rhone 35934
FOR RENT — Student double room. Front, single beds, private entrance. 127 Sylvia stieet
The Tops in ^ Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
»the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
— Bookstores — SOUTHWORTH^S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. BISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 — Hardware — EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HBW. 822 MAIN
— Pharmacy
Vellinger’s Pharmacy Exclusive Agents Martha Washington Candy 834 Main St.
— Locksmith — F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock service our wecialty. L. C. N. Door Closer Distributors 209-211 N. 5th St., Phone 2828
— Furniture — Student Equipment 3>uhniiuM Qo. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728 — Beauty Studio —
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri, KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727 —Barbers — MODEL BARBER SHOP 222 No. 5th Street Lafayette “THREE GOOD BARBERS”
Replacing the Union Cabaret dance which has been held m commemoiation of the founding of the ^ Union for the last few yeais. Union officials this yeai have planned a Big Apple contest Clyde McCoy has consented to choose the best “appler ” The contest will be held sometime dm mg the 9 to 12 30 dance McCoy and his band will piesent a free swing conceit in the Union ballroom from 7 to 8 p m Saturday night Later he will play for the regular mixei fiom 9 to 12 Dr. Degering Will Speak At Dallas Th is Spring Dr W F. Degeimg, University chemistry Department staff member, accepted an invitation recently to discuss the teaching of elementary chemistry at Dallas, Tex , in the spring of 1938 The meeting is held in collaboration with the division of chemical education of the American Chemical Society
LEARN TO DANCE Ballroom Classes Open BEGINNER’S Wed., Nov. 24, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED Friday, Nov. 26, 7:30 p. m. Adult Tap Class Opens Thnrsday, Dec. 2 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
John Balkema Tin Shop CARL G. BUTZ, Manager Tin and Sheet Iron Work of every description FURNACE WORK OF ALL KINDS 104 Main Street % Phone 6852
Notice the pure white cigarette paper.. . notice how every Chesterfield is like every other Chesterfield—the same size and every one round, firm and wellfilled. Notice vi^hen you smoke one how Chesterfields are milder and how different they taste. That’s due to the careful way Chesterfield tobaccos are aged and blended. ]\Iild ripe tobaccos and pure cigarette paper ., thafs why theyWe MILDER why they TASTE BETTER
Chesterfield
gwe gou MOkE PLEASURE
tiWKlT & TOBACCO GO.
mmmm