VOLIIME'-'XLVlt^^-; - j. V,'' ^ ■ IiAFAYETTE,mPIANA, WEDNESDAY, MAY 20, 1936/ - ^ .v'-
•W
PAA In Close Election
en Vice Presidents; Voting Honest
H. W. Hughes, junior in the school of science and president of Delta Upsilon fraternity, was named president of the Purdue' Athletic Association (which will now be known as the Student Athletic Association) for 1936-37, at yesterday's elections, by a^femall majority. Hughes is also a member of the
Ginilet Club ajad^t^ fraternity
Pres. Elliott VisitsEast To Attend Meetings President Edward C-Elliott^ of the University, left for New York City yesterday where he wiU speak before the Association for Adult Education today. He wilfgo from there to Washington to attend the meeting of the Scicnw! C^ihmittee"^^^^ al ■ ResowrceS; Boitod, offe is a-member.-
Discussion Group
Dpids Meetiii^ Tbnigli^
“Personal Philosophies” ' will be tiie subject of theDiscussioh Croup for the second time this year, at a meeting of the body tonight in the Memorial Union Building. This will be the thirteenth meeting of the group this year, aind the next to the last meeting of the . semester. E. ASmith will lead the discussion. Plans have been made to continue the orr ganization next year.
Flying Club Sponsors First Annual Party At Airport
A limited number of tickets have been placed on.sale at Deac’s, Southworth’s, and the Union desk for the first annual dance sponsored by the University Flying clubi The dance will be held at the Purdue Airport Friday and tickets are priced at one
dollar.
“Floor Show’— Many cdebrities, who are listed on the program and will provide ^‘ftoor show” par excellence, include: Jan Nilson, blues singer; Marion Fearheiley, tap dancer; Phyllis and Don, a “truckin’ ” team, Bobby Bedford, Chicago stage and radio star; Hugh Morris, as master of ceremonies, and Bud Bryant and his music. . Hangars and terraces will be open to the dancers and there will be plenty of parking space. A conces sion will be let in order to have soft drinks available, it was announced last night by George Mitchell, who is in charge of arrangements.
President’s CbUnc^ R. Hi Burks, jumor ch enipneering student mem ber of Triangle frateimity was named secretary-treasur(feir of the organization at the same time. W P. Bailey, sophoinOre pharmacv student and member of Sigma Nu and R. J. Mueller, sophomore science student and member of Sigma CW, were named vice-presidents for the coming year in a very close vote. G. W. Burnell, junior science student and member of Kappa Sigma, was automatically elected senior cheerleader. Constitution The organization’s hew constitu tiori, renaming it the Student Athletic Association, was adopted, although the votes were not definitely counted. There were very few no’s”. These votes do not total up because some ballots were not marked for all, offices. Such votes were not voided. The total vote was 735 as com pared with 410 last year. This was almost 60 per cent of those eligible Vote counting was carried bn with representatives of the two political factions present, and no charges of dishonesty have been made or
hinted;
Deans Discuss
PebbleinS
First Aniiiid Gonfereiice Ddd la Ubion Yesterday
Stone Denounces Tabloid; Special Election Story!
Board Chooses Scholer
Executive For 1936-37
Eleven other Ihdiana institutions besides Purdue were represented here yesterday morning when the first annual round table discussion for deans and advisors of men in Indiana universities and colleges opened in the faculty lounge of the' Unr ion Building. Dean M. L. Fisher, of the University, presided at the first discussion Which lasted from 10 O’clock till ndorii.
Stage, Stump, Studio Program At Lincoln Lodge Tomorrow
Subjects discussed in the first ses sion included those of outside employment, extra-curricular activities, NYA, and odd jobs. The general, opinion of the group was that too much time was devoted by stu-? dents to these activities, and several of those present stated that their institutions were cutting down on ^schedules of those who were compelled to do much outside work. Student loans and scholarships were also discussed.
Welcome
After a luncheon in the Memorial Union Building, the visiting deans were welcomed by Prof. F. C. Hock ema, assistant to the president, and Dean Dorothy C. Stratton. Dean Derks, of DePauw University, gave a report on the work done at the na tional dean of men’s meeting last
New Theater Group Presents Two Plays
By Betty Barnett. Tower Theater produced two of a series of plays before an interested audience last night in the tower room of the Memorial Union Build ing. “Alchemy”, by H. E. Hirshenow, was . exceptionally well done with a fine cast. Jack Allen’s excellent per trayal of a time-forgotten scientist who attains a life-long ambition in bettering mankind, held the audi ence enthralled throughout the play Money-mad financiers in the persons of Phillip Luginbill, William McCord and Bernard Everett contrib uated the lucrative side to the situa . tion, and served as perfect foils for the humane dreams,of the aged sci' entist. “Psychopathy Becomes O’Neill” —a subtle parody on the type of play typical of Eugene O’Neill, written, by E. C. Purcell, was the second play. An unusual effect Was gained by Karl Mueller’s role as an erst while author of a play concerning demencia, which he is directing as the curtain rises. Richard Robbins ns a not so far removed member of an insane family, provides the com edy in his antics and gyrations while harassed by depictions of torturous thoughts as shown by the in terpretive dancing of Ada Mae Roe. Jean Small and Floy Crepps. The insane plot is further added to by Charles Trees' portrayal “thoughts”, and the devices used by the author in making the play more weird.
Prof. Lee S. Norveli, director of the Federation of Indiana Theater Projects and national president of Theta Alpha Pi, dramatics honorary society, will deliver the principal address at the Stage, Stump, and Studio banquet tomorrow evening at 6 o’clqck at Lincoln Lodge. The program, which will also include presentation of keys and shingles to various members of the organizations represented, will be followed by a short “razz” program, including a, skit on “Presidential Elections”, to be given by Robert Royster and Charles Petticrew, members of the University debate squad. The banquet is an annual affair for all students connected with debate, Playshop, and WBAA.
In the afternoon session, the group decided to leave the question of “hell week” to the National Interfraternity Council. Other subjects probed were the “week-end evil” and the problems of transfer and foreign students. In the discussion of student rooming house problems, it was brought out that the University was forming an “OK” list this summer.
Resolutions
A committee of three was appoint ed to draw up the resolutions for next year’s meeting, which is to be held at Ball State Teachers College, the first week in May. Dean Howick of Ball State, will, be chairman of the group, the other two members of which are Dean Steinbach, of Nor mal State College, in Danville, and Dean Young, of Marion College.
Theta Ghi
Student Senate Nominations Friday
Theta Chi fraternity announces the pledging of Bill Malpede, Chicago; and John Supplee, Toledo, Ohio.
By The Roving Reporter. Election morning, early. We enter the Union. Up runs Prank Stone. “What are ya tryin’ to run, a tabloid?”—oft repeated query. ‘You make it look like I’m a crook or something.” Several men on hand already, including Johnny King, who works hard all day. Distehm^ politely; fio t^ tibm we wonder how a little sleep would feel. Concealing yawnsi we go over to have a ioiig talk ■with Yal (Mr. Vallely to you). A pleasant man to talk to, and vve discussed eVerj^hing from politics to W. S. G* A. mass meetings^ A fair t man, too;- vtiiere elections are conceimed; he had his eyes open yesterday for the slightest sigh of disturbances. Theta Lips Speak ^ Theta’s came up in droves and told us we were wrong about their hookup with the Ghi O’s. Maybe we •were Gould’s gang reminded us they had been left out. We thought everybody knew about them. - Hightlight of the day: when Puller chased Heuser from HIS Union. The eX-editor tried to muss up the ballots and made a general nuisance of himself, even going so far as to put his feet on the furniture. Finally |l. C. rose in righteous indignation and droye the would-be pest from
the building.
Beggs was on duty at the Union desk. His partner in crime, Gould; was in the hospital, so the elfection was straight. Beggs was asked to ■vmte a political autobiography to guide inexperienced politicians. Refused—temporarily.
: ^'“Yokels”,
Proxy to-be Hughes yellsH“It looks like a bunch of yokels have got hold of the paper.” Again, may-
be so.
A grandmixup as to whether cou pon books had to be presented to vote in the P. A. A. elections. Senator Wirth, serious as always thought that rule changes like that should not be made without consult ing the elections committee. Stone comes up again and gripes , about the way the Exponent is run. Dwight drops by. To the Sweet Shop. Up stairs tg^ear Stone gripe again. Pictures of Union candidates put up at 10:30. Wright’s picture miss ing, but he was hung later. Talk to Val again, and then Stone and Puller mix in the conversation.“You’d bet ter not'look up the Union candi dates’ averages,” warns the recent proxy of the building on the corner of the campus. To lunch. People, People, People Crowds increase., Still more people. Uhion looks like corner of Broadway and 42nd St. Never seen that corner,, but we’ve heard. Five o’clock and the closing hour approache's. We get our representatives in on the ballot counting. Oyer to Exponent office. Hughes wins S. A. A. job. Constitution adopted. Union results come in, with Jim Shoemaker on top. Congrats. So to bed.
Ruth Grimm, Dorothy Kuehn Named Co-ed Executives; Nine Vice Presidents Elected J. H. Shoemaker, junior in the mechanical engineering' school, was chosen presidenlrof the Purdue Student Union for 1936-37, and W. Scholer, civil engineering junior, was named executive, at a meeting of the Union electoral board yesterday. Ruth Grimm and Dorothy Kuehn, juniors in the home eco*.
nomies and science schodlsj re-^
1®
Speetively,^ere selected as co^ ed executives of the organization for the ensuing year. Shoe^ maker is a member of Sigma. Chlffaterffity> Schblef cff P^^ Psi fraterifity and Miss Grihim of Chi Omega sbforiiy; while Miss Kuehn is unorganized.
Vice-Presidents
Nine vice presidents to the Student Union were elected at the polls conductecl by the Student Senate in the Memorial Union Building from 8 until 6 o’clock yesterday, and four more were chosen by members of the old and new Union boards yes-^ terday, evening’. The total list includes J. W. Scatterday, figriqulture; L. A. Rieth and F. T, Sheets, civil engineering; H. Pforzheimer and H. P. Wiegandt, chemical engineering; G. Claypole and R. B. Fitts, electrical engineering; W. K. Stall ings, mechanical engineering; Lorna McLeod, Mary Mytinger and Jeanne Perkins, home economics; E. L. Putze, public service engineering and Robert Reid, science. Over 1,100 votes were cast in yesterday’s poll—-about 276 more than at the elections last year. The voting preceded quietly and steadily after a late stert in the morning on account of the delay of the Senate in getting the polls arranged, Lack of organization in methods of handling the voting cards and P. A. A. receipts kept an almost continuous line of yoters in waiting. About fifteen minutes Were re quired to vote the students standing in lipe at 5 o’clock when the polls were scheduled to close. Several girls who had been attending a W. S- G. A. meeting in the Union Building were permitted to vote after that time according to previous
arrangements.
University Oub Will Entertain Tonight
Members of the University dub will entertain their guests at the final meeting of the dub in the Union Building tonight. The University military band will open the program;, playing from 8 to 9 o’clock. Dandng froni 9 to 12 o’clock to the music of Ken Ebershoff and his orchestra ahd cards will comprise the evemhj^s program. ' . :
%
I
F ' ■'I
Show Sunday
Nominations for representatives to the Student Senate for the com ing year ■will be conducted at 4 o’clock Friday afternoon. The num ber of nominees to be nanied from each school and the meeting places of the students in the schools ■will be published in tomorrow’s Exponent. Fom nominees will be chosen for each student to be elected to the Sen ate during registration next fall. One representative is allotted to each school for each 100 members enrolled and for each major fraction thereof. ;
Ventilating System Will Give
P. F. Rahe, C. E. ’30, recently accepted a position as engineering draftsman with the Cummins Diesel Engine Company, Columbus, Indiana. He was formerly connected with the Auburn Automobile Company, at Auburn, Indiana.
i By J R. Clark. “It’s too stuffy in here. Let’s go put and get a breath of fress air,?’ But our Boilermaker “Fred Astairs” won’t be complaining long, for the Union is air conditioned; ■that is, the ballroom, S^weet Shop, cafeteria, barber shop, wash rooms, and kitchen. Originally the ballroom had a ventiiating system, but this has been completely remodeled for air conditioning. There hre three separate systems to take care of the various rooms. TVo of these have their fans in the attic; one conditions the kitchen and cafeteria, while the other takes the Sweet Shop, barber shop, and wash rooms. Two fans for the ballroom are located in the sub-basementi one sup-
Captain L. I, Aretz, director of Operations of the University Airport and his associates, Harry R. Schilling and Roy Acheson, are now completing plans for the annual American Legion Air show which will be held at the University field Sunday, Expecting a large crowd. Captain Aretz has engaged several famous stunt fliers and parachute jumpers, in addition to the display
of new types of aircraft.
The “Flying Irishman”, Mike Murphy, manager of the Kokomo airport, and Earl Stein, of Fostoria, Chip, will head the bill of stunt flying and parachute jumping. The 113th Observation squadron, of Indianapolis, will send five radio planes to participate in a mock artillery demonstration. Pilots and officials will be given a free luncheon at the
hangar by the Legion.
150 Expected Here At Convention Of Indiana Gas Organization More than 150 are expected tQ register today in the Electeical Building at Purdue University for the twenty-sixth annual convention of the Indiana Gas Association^ i which will be in session today and tomorrow. Starting at 1:30 o’clock this afternoon, the convention ■will get under way with remarks by the officers and the appointment of committees; which Will be followed by an address of welcome by Dean A, A. Potter of Purdue Engineering : Schools. Guy M. Johnson, general gas superintendent of the Northern Indiana Public Service Company, will lead a disetissipn on the subject of “Unaccounted for Gas”, and C. K. Graham, commercial manager of the Southern Indiana jGas and Electric Company, will conclude the afternoon’s program by presenting a paper on “Evansville’s Experience Since the Introduction of Natural Gas.”';; ; '..v Banquet Tonigdit The first day’s session of thei convention will be brought to a close with a banquet in the Momorial Union Building, which Will start ; at 6:30 o’clock. John N. Shattnahan, utility head from Indianapolis,, ■will be the principal speaker at the ban-
quet.®
The present officers of the association are President R. N. Zeek, of the Northern Indiana Public Service Company at Michigan City; VicePresident ij. C, Heavner of Nor therm Indiana Public Service Compuny at Ft. Wayne; and Secretary and Treasurer P. A* McLeod of the Public Service Cptepanyi^ Indiana at New Castle.
I
;sm
plies fresh air and the other removes old air. These fans change the air in the ballroom thirty times an hour through grills in the ceiling and under the ■windows. Ai^^ comes from the intake on the east side of the ballroom, passes through filtei's into a chamber containing the heating or cooling coils and on to the grills. The cooling coils have not yet been installed, but they ■will use University water, which has a temperature of fifty-four degrees. It costs about $1.16' an hour for power to run the ballroom fans which, ipidently, were tried out at the Ptom even though adjustments had not been made. Open windo'ws kept the ventilators Yrom working satisfactorily.
Madison H. S. Setfiors Tour University /
Thirty-nine boys and giris, members of this year’s graduating class at the Madison township high school in St, Joseph county, were University ■yisitprs yesterday moiming. The important and interesting featmres of both the north and south portions of the campus were visited ahd'a, trip through the Purdue livestock barns completed the tour. The grpup, traveling in two large buses, left at 11 o’clock to spend the remainder bf the day at Turkey Run State Park. G. M. I^ier, of the aj^icultural extension staff, was in charge of the tour at the Umyersity.
PIA Tea Dance Changed
P. I. A.’s tea dance, scheduled for: this afternoon, has been postponed until Friday, May 29, according tp Harold Sennstrom, publicity chairman of the organization. The P. L A. orchestra will play for the dan<» from 4:15 to 5:45 o’clock that afternoon.''"-®
SiifP
mi
Beg Yfnir Pardnttl
pur attention has been called to the omission of one of the foremost poUtical cliques on the campus, that of Triangle, Pi ®^ppa Phi, Alpha Gamma Rho, Phi Delta Theta, Sigma Nu, and Chi Omega. We regret that these persons were not inehided in yesterday’s unofficial list of election hackers. We thought
ahotttthem^. - ^ * to? ”*' ', ' I. ^ / 1 ,"?’
i;V>
sir ^ttf txp0ne«t
A/^ K ;u<f ^ J1 ^ ^ iV V..
Mdfr-1986 Member Associated CoHegiate Prfess Bistribntor of COIXSGIAfB pigebt; ' Mbtebaf of ffittMial Collego Press Assodsiion, Big Ten %^itoris| ^sodation ^clndyebr Bepresented by National Advertieing Service, fno. 490 Madison Avenue, New Yorb: City Entered as second dass matter at^iihe post odiee, L^ayette, Indiana. Delivered fey isJo per year; dolteered by carrier, $8.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
Bnsiness Phone 6088
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Stodent Publication of Purdue University EDITORIAL STAFF Editor-in-Chief —— Managing FUitor— - * - “• sIorTiB Associate Editors’ _.’k. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, 0. L. Sadl« Bold and Black Editors Geneive Sexson, S. M. Truitt
Sports Editor Associate Sports Editors..
SPORTS STAFF
. L. D. Wood
. S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain, D. F, Wilson
Business staff
Business Manager.
Local Advertising Manager. National Advertising Manager. Circulation Manager —— —....——
R. J. Hulse D. C. Miller .. L. H. Brown ,J. P. Girard
ESditor — Associate Editors Advertising Manager.
..Belen Creech
WOMEN’S STAFF „. . „ Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke Betty Barnett
Wednesday, May 20,1936. Issue Editor—R, E. Long. Aftermath Clean Elections? Yesterday’s elections were the cleanest, as far as electioneering in the Union and vote buying are concerned, in the recent political history of the University. Due to the untiring efforts of members of the Union board, P. A. A. offtcers, and the Student Senate elections committee, scarcely a hint of scandal was to be found near the polls. But elsewhere it was a different picture. Fraternity and sorority cliques were active all during the day, with telephones constantly busy. It is too bad that the merit system is not completely applied to the Unioii and P. A. A. (or S. A. A.) elections. However, the Union board is doing its best to provide for the selection of good workers who do not poll the necessary student vote.
Congrutiilations To those who were successful in the Student Union and S. A. A. elections yesterday, the Expomeiat wishes to extend its heartiest congratulations. We know that the new officers of the two groups will do their best to keep up to the standards set by those who are retiring. What more can be expected ?
Regarding Future Eiections Looking back to yesterday, it seems that the most important thing to be done before election time again descends on the campus is to standardize the eligibility rule. Because only one man, who was supposedly ineligible, applied for one of the positions, the standards were suspended throughput. This is not according to Hoyle, since once a governing group sets up standards, it should stick to them. Clarification of the rule is another point of major importance. The Union board interpreted the present 3.5 ruling to mean that all persons with no C’s or D’s, or those with C’s or D’s but a 3.5 index or better, are eligible for election. According to the wording of the Senate ruling itself, all persons with averages below the 3.5 mark, even if no C’s or D’s are outstanding, are ineligible. The S. A. A. apparently has no eligibility ruling, although the Senate’s mandates have usually been regarded as law. Some definite action should be taken in the very near future to make clear just what the ruling means, and to just which organizations it applies.
Discrepancy In looking over the constitution of the Student Federation while searching for eligibility information, it was discovered that, in Article IV, Section 3, it is stated that “No member of the Student Senate shall hold any office connected with any activity represented in the Activities Council or the Purdue Student Union.” According to F. W. Stone, president, the Senate has interpreted this as relating only to senior elective offices in the major activities. The constitution does not so read. All activities represented in the Activities Council are to be included, and any offices connected with them are proscribed for Senators. Also the present interpretation does not provide for the expulsion of Senators who are elected to these offices after they have been elected to the Senate. This seems, again, contradictory to the constitution. The necessary amendment to the constitution to make the ruling read as it is now interpreted should be made in the near future. Perhaps, if the Senate would rise from its lethargy for a few minutes, the amendment might be made ready for action at registration in the fall.
Rah Rah Rah A college cheer leader is an important individual. His work is practically essential to the success of athletic activities, and also adds spice to anything with which he is connected. Therefore, it seems that some effort should be made by the S. A. A. to provide for training cheerleaders. Only one man applied for the position yesterday. Not only was he ineligible, but he had not had the wide experience that is usually thought necessary for a head cheer leader. A training course and competitive eliminations, rather than a popular vote, would probably not only remove politics from the field, but would also tend toward a better quality of cheer leading.
Looking Forward Each election naturally brings reminiscences of past elections and thoughts of future elections. The charge was made a number of years ago that Purdue students were too apathetic to even organize politically. That day is now definitely past. Already plans are being laid for the student elections next year. The independents are organizing for the Student Senate nominations, and several possible Prom cliques are now in their formative stages. This removes all doubt that such apathy remains, but instills a fear that perhaps student politicians are gaining too much control. We hope that at no time in the future will there arise a self-perpetuating clique, for that would indeed go against the grain of the Purdue spirit. Tbe illusion that times that were are better than those that are, has probably pervaded all ages.-—Horace Greeley. All power, even the most despotic, rests ultimately in opinion.—Hume.
WHAT A VHRf UNmTHRHSTING ELECTION!—NB tight#, Ith d9ctioii##riiig (lykelD. Th# cantii* dates weren’t ontierhaBded with their politics ait^wBy. "fhe paydff eftme when the bus rolled up in front of thu UNION and discarded Its load of (voters?). The bus was followed by a Moving Van—^thut’s one way of dragging them in. That other thing wasn’t a truck—^that was Ktull’s car! THIS FRIDAY THE guests at the Theta Xi Spring Dance have a treat in store when sume lucky person gets the prize of their ‘‘raffle”. Prom what we hear the prize is something everyone will enjoy—except the person that gets it. THE BEST THING about the elections was the “rogues gallery” hanging out in the UNION lobby— howl anyone could vote for people with mugs like that is beyond us. Sheets and Ford are awarded the “The Second Hand Doublemint” for looking the most like a gangster and his “moll”. A LATE PLASH WITH THE GOOD news that HUGHES gets president of P. A. A. Prom the other returns we would say that the old political machine, that has been doing so much good work (??????), has been dealt out. Thank Heavens. I WISH UNION ELECTIONS would come in soon so I could make a crack about their politics—something is bound to be sour, it always has been. Maybe the Senate has really cleaned things up or don’t you believe in Santa Claus ? FAMOUS LAST LINES—I was going to ijuit smoking next year anyway, so phooey on the faculty. CONTRIBUTION FROM P. E. W. —Doc Young is considering the possibility of establishing a nudist colony on his farm. He believes strip farming may prove to be an economical method of shocking his oats. P. S.—Just so it doesn’t make them wild. Pew—that’s what we think too. We know a Fili that has had a pin for quite some time now from some fellow from I. U.—^more later— maybe!
Mars Will Present ‘‘Rigoletto”' On Stage A complete stage production of the opera “Rigoletto” will be presented at the Mars Theater Friday and Saturday with a cast which includes Angello Pillato, baritone, as Rigoletto; Leola Turner, concert soprano, as Gilda; Lawrence Powers, as the Duke; Maria Matyas, as Maddalena; and Norman Gordon, as Sparafucile. Isaac Van Grove, musical director for all Max Reinhart productions, will direct both performances.
Meredith Club To Present Puppet Show Tomorrow A puppet show entitled “Snow White” will be presented at a meeting of the Virginia C. Meredith club tomorrow at 4 o’clock in the Home Economics Auditorium. The show was produced by Mary E. Yeager, a freshman in the home economics school. There will also be an election of officers for next year at the meeting.
Swinford Elected Head Of Forestry Club K. R. Swinford was elected president of the University Forestry club last night in the Hort Building. C. S. Walters was chosen vice president and C. L. Baum was named treas urer. Dean J. H. Skinner was made an honorary member of the organization. W. R. Mattox, member of the U. S. Forest Service, made short talk.
Ewbank Honored Walter J. Ewbank, of Lawrenceburg, senior in chemical engineering, won honorable mention in a nationwide contest, involving the solution of a problem in chemical engineering, sponsored by the American Institute of Chemical Engineers. He has been a distinguished student for the three semesters that he has been in the University.
jlfdt f#|ideiticl tlnioff dul tidfiiig tbc ehmntier^ses-, sion or during the' fii:st bf 1936-^7 may b(?> tb the office of the mbnagei' of the Unic^B Building now. ^ ^ The third floor of the club is re^ Served,especially fof students; the second floot for jfa^uity and gtudB ate students, end all toom# are equipped with private showers, tulB phones and luxurious living condi tions. The price is $36 fof the summer session and $109 dollars for the se^^ mester, payable in monthly installments.
AlEE’36-’37 Officers A. I. E. E. announces the election of the following officers for 1936-37: W. L. Wearly, student chairman; F. H. Justin, vice chairman; J. R. Woodruff, secretary; 8. R. Wirth, treasurer; K. A. Griffin, senior representative; and L. B. Saunders, junior representative.
Classified Ads.
Typewriters, Adding Machines— For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Rent—^Two WELL FURNISHED 3-roomed apartments. Available June 6. 106 Wiggins. Phone 61714.
Mexican sarapie rugs (antique ones) in nice colors, blue, white and brown, perfect condition. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. 6th.
Chamberlin’s Special For This Week—Cherry Custard and Vanilla. Order it—it’s delicious.
NOTICES M* mEcm oawgiteJ offtw Sn.au
Freahman Engineera—Students carrying assignment cards, but not taking engineering lectures, should report to the head of the school in which they plan to enroll before May 25 for a conference In 1986-37 schedule. —KNAPP.
English 1 Students, Past and Fresmit— Students who have not yet made a passing grade in the punctuation and spelling tests should plan to be present at the make-up exams which, respectively, concern them. The place is room 101, Education Building. time is 4 and 6 p. m. as follows: spelling, Tuesday, May 19; punctuation, Friday, May 22. Students not how edrolled in English 1 will need a removal-of-condition card, in order to be admitted to the examination. —WYKOFF.
A. S. M. E. Members—Get magazines, membership cards, and pins in Prof. Ludy’s office. Keys are not available. —SHIELDS.
Debris Distribution—All xtersons who have not yet obtained their Debris please get it today or tomorrow between 4 and 6:80. —VAN NATTA.
W. A. A.—Sign up by today on bulletin board in the Women’s Gym for Spring Sports Spread to be held tomorrow at 6:30. There will be a 26 cent charge for food. —SHAFFER.
Zouaves—^Meeting at 4 today in Armory for election of officers. —WINTER.
Archery Club—Meet at Women’s Gym at 7:30 tonight. —LEE.
Tau Beta PI—Picnic at Ross camp today. Meet in front of Mechanical Building at 4. Transportation furnished. —WAIT, BURNHAM.
Catalyst Club—Initiation at 7 Friday in room a of Union. —NULL.
Catalyst Pledgres—Meet at Heavilon Hall at 7:30 tomorrow night. —CHANDLER.
W. A. A. Baseball—All Star game will be played this afternoon at 4. The following girls will play: Halstead, Humphreys, Wiley, Thompson, Charles, Arnold, Shaffer, Townsend, Gaylord, Delaplane, Dunwoody, Richey, Mabel Campbell, Maier, Blank, Newhouse,
Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK ROBERT G. RISK HAROLD J. BISK LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 6701 Comer 4th and Main
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISNER
ARC LAST TIMES TODAY BARBARA STANWYCK in “ANNIE OAKLEY” also EDWARD EVERETT HORTON “HIS NIGHT OUT”
. i C'■'M ,
is ri-'
■ .’#1
O PERA, concert, oratorio, light opera and radio are some of the fields which Maria Matyas, beautiful, dramatic mezzo-soprano has conquered in her career as a singer. She sings with instinctive feeling for music and great interpretative force. Eugeni Stinson, noted music critic of the Chicago Daily News said of her: “From her first breath in public, Miss Matyas has been able to delight the specialists with her singing, her voice re-
Martha Smith, Margaret Jones, Dora Mae Patterson, Nichols. —KELLY. Discussion Group—Meeting at 7.30 this evening. Subject will be “Personal Philosophies.’’ —KUEHN.
mains one of the purest and most beautifnl to be heard.” I Miss Matyas sings the role of Madeline in the condensed versioD of Verdi’s “Rigoletto,” coming to the Mars Theater Friday and^aturday, Miss Matyas will return to the Chicago Civic Opera for the fall season after completing her present tour. Local music lovers are very fortunate in having the opportunity of seeing Verdi’s masterpiece interpreted'by the leading voices in the operatic world.
Theta Alpha Phi Pledges—^Meeting at 4 today. Everyone be present. Important. —ROE.
LAST TIMES TODAY
Cosmopolitan Club—Compulsory meeting, at 4 today, i —FUTOOHEE.
Horticulture Club—Picnic tonight. All Hort students come Meet at Hort Building at 4:30. —MORRIS.
Episcopal Students—Group picnic Sunday afternoon at Camp Tecumseh. Transportation will be furnished. All interested in going please get in touch with William Briscoe, phone 4097. before tomorrow evening. —BRISCOE.
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday JOAN BENNETT UARY GRANT in “Big Brown Eyes” and “Champagne Charlie”
Hi@li IN ©iiMifir LOW IN COST
Why ba satisfied with anything but a genuine General Electric ?an when you gtan now purchase, for so liHle, a fan that has been designed, engineered, and manufactured to bring you years of faithful sor^vloef Buy your "Trade Wind" Fan today, and enfoy, for years to some, 1^ cool, refreshing breezes. Model illustrated—8.inch blades. Also available with 10Inch blades and oscillating mechanism for $9.95. GENSRAL^ElBCTRlCf 'Tradi Wind FANS Haywood’s Retail Department Lafayette
LAST TIMES TODAY
gwirr . . rrr: ,
Tomorrow GLENDA FARRELL in “The Law in Her Hands”
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
LAST TIMES TODAY 2 BIG FEATURES VICTOR MgcLAGLEN FREDDIE BARTHOLOMEW in “Professional Soldier” and PAUL KELLY ARUNB JUDGE in “Here Comes Trouble”
Thursday - Friday - Saturday WILLIAM BOYD in “Three On a Trail” and “Sky Parade”’'^''^-s .w IfSii^
IM ‘ \ '"»p‘
matches. Smith’s .
Lehihan held at the end of the first nine. After leading three
rJ^^S
By Bob
II
ii
Gotf Tourney Ts™i^ Ne.r. tionToDetei^neBest completion as Sigma Cfai is 8ched>
Club Swingers
_ ^ _
nled to play Delta XJpsilon in the finals of the winning hracket t»-
-'-..a ®®“‘® mighty fine golf yesterday afternoon along with a .To determine this muph disPusapH **el»t,j«'hich was won hy the D. U.'s largegalleryof interested golf fans. ^ i, • t. r. u. r Pitched to Farington
Imi or! It is a funny thing, but the crowd ’i® i*®®* in what In- for the D. U.'s and Curran tossed to rlil Ud,f X ^ tramural dsnartmAnf Itna laid'^nlono Yoonavich far fba laaava 'PKo mima
Faculty members are playing in night. The D. U’s won the right to a golf tourney to determine which Pi^^Fthe Sig»s by defeating the Phi department is the best in the golfing ® to 3 last night.
In the D. U.-Phi Tau game last night, which Was won by the D. U.'s
upatthehalf way mark, Smith „ allowed Little and Thomson to IVf T T T rally and souare the match on X«
QrrilCSrl ^^^® ® thing, but the crowd * “* v^urrauwaseaTO
JL t/lllllO ^ was divided; half of-them wanted tramural department has laid plans Yoonavich for the losers. The game
to take up golf anew, but the oth- to run-oif a faculty golf tourney. *®, ^*1®^ protest because of the umer half wanted to toss their erolf TTio nemVani-ci at +»%« +»»»;„ -if™ pirO’s decision on a base miming
Fpeirioitjs
feat AtHsmdgOllpIlifr^ ^ -Purdue will play a return game w^ Notre Dame this aftemooii^
Lafayette to engage the Botlermak- / '-I rt lV' '
ers at 4 o’clock on the varsity dia- ' give the Purdtte 1
rally and square the match on the fifteenth. Then Smith birdied the
sixteenth and gave his side the lead ^ ^
that was never changed on the last piousbip Touiorrow
two holes. ’ « ,
J-tl..„aM^e^theaMed.ev- ™ enty one for the ro^ and theu Indiana net squad in a return en* what he conld do yesterday,
partows temnan and Thomeon, hit
ev n y ves. ^ Crimson^
er half wanted/to toss their gblf The aspirants of the teams from *** Cham ™ departments are to play
-fe—
The other game scheduled result-
mond. This will
nine an opportun , „ for the 18 to 15 defeat at the hands
nine an opportumiy to get revenge j
eighteen holes of golf with anoth- ed in the Phi Gamma Delta team
Jimmy Thompson is reputed to ®®“testant. The three lowest being, eliminated from the finals
Purdue’s varsity tennis squad will b® one of the longest driving golf- ®®®^®® ®^ ^^b® contestants of each ^b® S. A. E’s still in the — ■ - 'the nation, and he showed will determine the members of bracket. The Sigma Alpha
the teams. The total score of the Epsilon squad turned on the steam
lor tne I8 to 16 defeat at the hands i
of the Irish April 22 at South Bend.. The Notre Dame game is the next
to last game for the Boilermaker ' nine for the current season. The final ,
I
Billiard Team Ends Season Squad Makes Fine Record; Three Graduate - The Purdue Billiard team, which won both of its contests for the yfiaTj is probably the best in any university in the country, TSeirig well developed in the straight rail game, a- series at the Champion’s game of 18.2 balk line has been scheduled in which the coach will endeavor to make 300 points to ea^ of the team’s 160. It is to be expwsted that some close contests will oedur and the prospect that some members of the team may defeat the coach are very likely. G. M. Hunter will play Thursday, May 21 at 7:30 p. m,; L. B. Purcell, Friday evehing; S. M. Cohee, Saturr ' day evening; M. H. Ingleman, Monday evening; and H, G. Steed, Tuesday evening. May 26. Hunter, Purcell and Cohee are retiring from the team by graduation, and Ingleman and Steed appear as a nucleus for the 1837 team Which may prove to be safe guardians of the two Clips, the Noble Hizer and Percy Collins trophies, won this year. They are subject to anhual challenges by all the other university teams. .
—fo— ' lowest scores of each depart-
a tour to two wm for the Grimson. On the 14th hole, a 350 yard push “®*^* determine the team score. game, the Phi Gam « -Tomorrow the squad will go to for any man, Thompson let go with two teams with the best scores P™b®rs to the-S. A. E.’s two. Loehr, ichmond, Indiana, to play in the a smoking drive that missed the ^b®® P^®y ® match for the empke pitched for the ate championship matches at Earl- near end of the green by inches. championship. A trophy and indi- Gam’s Todd and Pickens
to defeat the Phi Gam’s 2 to 1. In this game, the Phi Gam’s used three
's. two.. Loehr,
-f > -f >
BASEBALL 4- + -f > > 4-
TV -f
> 4- 4-
Today Diamond 5—Sigma Chi vs. Delta XJpsilon. Budd, referee. T—Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Abell, referee. 8—Phi kappa Psi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Zachary, referee.
Eichmond.
state championship matches at Earlham. Most of the colleges and universities of the state will he attempting to win the individual championships favored by the oflScials for the
tournament.
These matches are the last scheduled for the Boilermakcfe- team for this year, and the last in the college life of four of the five varsity netinen. Cdptain Bob NIc<fii6h bas •played three years on the varsity, and has been number one man during the lastj two ygars. Bob Tziicker is ahother veteran playing his last matches for the Old Gold and Black. Ray V Ulrey afid Don kdihohds are both members of laet year’s and this year’s squad and ate finishing their college Careers With these matches. Maury Wakefield is tbe only varsity man to have more games to play for P'Urdue. .Maury has two more years as a member of the squad as he is now a sophomore. S AE Gainpiis Braneli To Hold Elecjtipis The newly-Orgaaized student branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers will meet tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock in roOm 3 Of the Mechanical Engineering Building. All engineering students are invited to attend the meeting, at which the constitution will be adopts and officers for next year will be elected. The objectives of the orgapizatron include: the establishment of cohtact with the central organization of • the Society of Automotive Engineers; cooperation with other campus organizations in order to disseminate correct information on automotive subjects; presentation of students and distinguished visitors at meetings; and promotion of edu-. cational features among the engineering students.-
Tpnngr enonKh to be Cheoretleals^^d cnonKh to be practical. RICHARD J. BATH WATCHMAKB® 608 Main St.
^RViCE PHONE fifiS
■ SMNieiv. P Weihiini fftoEaEoM fikn EMbitElCi «»
4^. 4- 4“ 4- 4- > 4- 4- 4> 4- > 4- ’ FRATERNITY TENNIS ,4-;;4>-::4^ 4‘v'^'..^, t4- 4Today, 4:15 o’clock , CLASS :“A” DOUBLES ', Sigma Nu VS, Phi Delta Tbeta. Lambda Chi Alpha vs.’ "Phi Kappa Psi." ■: ' ■ Today, 4:15 o’clock CLASS “B” DOUBLES ^ Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Psi, ‘ ' . Phi Kappa Tau vs. Alpha Kappa “Lambda. Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Pirathon vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Sigma Pi vs. Sigma Nu.
near end of the green by inches.
Did you notice the golf bags those winners
boys have ? We counted 21 clubs in one of them and there was still room for a wardrobe abroad. We didn’t envy the caddies any, but they seemed to be enjoying them-
selves. —^fc—
Lawson LitHe had A fittle trOnblA With his:f ptfiAihg ^ part Of the match, mi^m^ qftMi by a v^y small margin, bn iffie^purth gteen he missed a 20 foot attempt by oh, so Little.
' -^c—
Horton Smith appeared: to be the move finished goUei' ih yesterday’s exhibition, tes drives, althbugK^^^^ Always quite as long as thOSe of his eqtially famous rivalsii Were straight and ttue, and his putting just abou^^ superb. On the fifth ^eefi he idrofi., ped in a perfect ten foot; putt Over rolling terra firnla. ; ;
—--fc—
We haven’t said ansrtliing about Pin^ue’s Johnny^ it doesn’t mean he didn’t play a fine miatch. Lehniah W-as consistent, and kept right up wfih his more e3q?eriehced professional rivals. He had a 75 yard approach on tlie 6th that rolled up to within a couple of feet of the pin. Jimmy Thompson gave an excellent demonstration of what to do when you shoot in the Woods. ; On the. third he was in deep with the hall half covered With imderkrpsh and nothing but trees between Ifini and the green. A sweirTron; shot sent the ball rolling right up on the middle of the green on a JO-yard smash. : '-."i.
“-"fe—
Might as well speak about the Weather, but why not? It was swell and that helped make the afternoon quite a huge success. ■ '-"fc-“ Notre Danie plays the Boilermakers here this afternoon in a returtt'game. When the local nine met the Irish in South Bend earlier this season the former got licked quite severely . . . so, why not get up a little spirit and show them we have a ball club that has a little pep. et’s get going and Win our last tWo games . . . until then, so long.
chanipionship.. A trophy .aixu mui- ”—■■ ■' — vidual medals will be awarded the P^i^o^^ed for the winners.
Contestants
The contestants from the Athletic department are; E. H. Burnham, A. H. Elward, M. W. Taube, L. W. Labree, C. S. Doan, O. Martin, H. Allen, andiRed Mackey. Contestants from the Agriculture department are; S. A. Anderson, C. N. Hinkle, and T. E. Heinton. Contestants from the Farm Management departhient are: B. KOhlmeyer, b. G. Johariningsmrier, Bottfim, A. Mauch; and b, G. Llqyd. bontestaiite from the d^arfem®nt are: H, G. De&iy, H. yf. Meine, pr Ip Mer^ibii L. M. Pari^ and C-M. Jordan, ; Gontesfiints pom the Mecha^ Engineering dbpartmefit aPr ^ W. Messersmith; H. Rubenkpenig, D. P. Creig, p. G, Venemaim, P. Clark andP. A-^Young.:' 4". "f;. 4": •4'.' ,'4" ;4-,. ■¥ '.4- 4-: 4-' 4 BIG LEAGUE STANDINGS :4v.'4-;;:4r :;4-, 4-- 4^..;jf r .4‘\ 4-.;4-\ 4
; N
'V- W. ■ ■ Xj. St. Iidais-i...!. 9 •New York;.._. .......18 10 Pittsbuigh.... 18 Chicago.........................;_..„.,„;.14 14 Ciricinhati.......... ..................14 " 16 Boston............... ......7..... 13 16 Philadelphia..........;... ...........12. 19 BrobkIjm....~............._,..........li - is
4-44-4-4-4-4-4-4‘ 4-' " p&bsBman:;tennis ; ; 4444-4-4"4-44"4" Today, 5 O’clock Goris vs. Wildman. Mann vs, Jacksbiii;
game scheduled for the Boilermakers is the Chicago-Purdue game to he played Saturday afternoon on the i home diamond. In these two games^ Purdue has a chance to better its poor record for the 1936 baseball
season.
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbook at the MITZI sandwich shoe 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
1
SssMisMi
Drink Milk for More
Call JOHNSON Rhone 41032
Milk is your best food—, it-s pa^d fiill of hufai^'s tive eleinehts body nc^iM Rich in m erals and rich in food value, it’s bodyrbuilding and energy building.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
New York...
Boston.;..... Cleyeland.. Detroit.:,
Chicago.. Wnehihgton., Philadelphia..
St. Lonia..
■a
L.
.22
9
..........22
11
.17
12
14
.....„..1B
16
..........18
14
18
6
24
4: •4 4" 4' 4- 4‘ 4- 4- 4 4YESTERDAY’S RESULTS 4 ;.4 ;4^; -4 ,4-; 4-'>. 4-'4'>':4 : : NAlTIONAL LEAGUE.' Chicago, 6 ; Boston, 6. '
Only game played.
AMERICAN league Boston, 4 ; Chicago, 2. , St. Louis, 8: Philadelphia, 4. Detroit, 4 ; Washiiigtoh, A ' New York, 10; Cleveland, 4.
m
pi I :; Vj,*!
7;^
^0
•:Coiae:ia:i^''
new
- ■■4„ 4.;4-- 4-' 4^ '4''-4"''.‘4 ' TODAY’S GAMES '4: 4, 4' ,4,- ,4",^-^:.'4 '4 NATIONAL league;
Chicago at Brooklsrii, Cincinnati at Boston. ' St. Louis at New York.
Pittsburgh at Philadelphia. AMERlbAN: LEAGUE
Boston at St. Louis. New York at Detroit. Philadelphia at Chicago.
Washin^n at Cleveland.
4 4
4 4
Swi» Seal bttckle.
S. B. Swann, takfen to the Home hospital Sunday for treatment of a severe case of arthritis, is reported to be improving; ^ ^ ^ ^
Mi
E. L, Perris and E. S. Willis are recovering from operations at the Home hospital.
ton hifKm. and
ihe^ loc^ beR^ bettau, find YQiiW paid uHKh xnona for » »
Miss Opai Etter, sent to the Hphie hospital for treatment of aii appendectomy, is making satisfactory progress.
Robert Jackson, confined to the St. Elizabeth hospital with leg lacerations sustained in' an automobilo »ccMeht last Satuvday, is convalescing.
Tom Gould and C^i^Ios Valdes Perez are recovering from appendicitis in St, Elizabeth hopsital.
John Goultev left the St, Blizaheth hospital Monday.
Seiiiors
A phofdgraph is an vyeriastliig'gift. :■;:. Six 3x4 Photofi in folders and one 8x10 Silyertone
tim horn 'float. Sat-
The tot Gteeo» a****’'
WM
jimN RfiTM HIM nr muMm
Ws Me^egor ^p^sioeaf We0 att
A. C. SliDe Co. 412 Main St.
AFTER THE SHOW Stw in fw a bwbeenc o* bowl of dhtaMaiihattan Sandwich Shop
PBOQFS SHOWN
51B<20 Main St,..Phone 6477
5tt6 Main Sti mVdOT
ililllill iSMMW-
S';,:
M:
New Home
Nfew ■Mentors'; :Disgij^sS:^; ; Freshma n Problems Report Given On Questionnaire Of pifficiilties Facing First Year Co-eds Managing time in order to get all their work done seems to be the greatest problem of freshman women, according to a report given by Helen Hall yesterday at the third meeting of prospective mentors. This report was based on a questiohnaife prepared by Dr. Harriet O^Shea and Helen Hall for the explicit
purpose of improvingi;he present mentor* system which has been fuctioning for the past
two years.
Thirty-eight different problems were indicated oh this questionnaire and will be referred to frequently by the mentors in planning their program for next year. Problems dealt with concerned organized and unorganized girls, those working for all or part of their expenses, effects of the size of the high schools and of the present housing condi-
tions;
: Freshmen , , For the first time in the mentor program, Jeanette Scudder, (firman, issued invitations to a selected group of incoming sophomores to help : direct freshmen. Margaret Dimmick, who is in charge of the mentor program for transfer students, explained that girls acquainted with problems of transfers will be chosen for this work. The mentor program will be started this summer with letters written by the mentors to girls who submit applications to the University. Next fall the mentors will contact the girls and sponsor a banquet for them during the orientation period. Dur ing the first few months every effort will be made to make these girls acquainted with the University and its problems. O’Shea Talks Dr. Harriet O’Shea emphasized the importance of the material in the questionnaire to the mentors. She expressed the fundamental psychology of learning in that it takes time and requires repetition to learn. A list of the prospective mentors and when they are to be interviewed will appear in the Exponent. The names of those chosen will be pubr lished either this week-end or the first of next week and a mentor meeting will be held Friday, May 29 at 4 o’clock. .
Offered Home-Making in Pref” erence To Professiori Is Object Of Change One of the two functions Of the school of home economics' is to give a girl a training which will fit her to meeting of the body tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building. This will be the thirteenth meeting of the group this year, and next to the last meeting of the semester. E. A. Smith wilMead the discussion. Plans have been made to continue the organization next year.
Elective Hours
The course is planned sO that the student receives enough elective hours to round out her education in language, history, or English. In the sophomore year, there are twelve hours of electives, in the junior year there are eighteen hours, of electives and twelve hours in the senior year. One difference between this course and other courses in home economics is the lack of organic chemistry that most girls find very difficult. This new course includes classes in physics, biology, clothing, nutrition, education, home-nursing, household marketing, house planning, home management, and child development. A graduate from course should be able to plan, equip, and manage a house, and to rear and feed her children successfully, as well as to understand her responsibilities as a mother, homemaker, and citizen of the community. A girl who wishes to train herself for a skilled occupation should not major in this course, but a girl who wishes to manage her home will find this course
ideal.
HbfiiGG Home Ec Head /dd Banquet Dean ’M:at'tbews :■ Re-*; ■Geiyes'N u merou $ Tr I b« utes; Eslabirsh Loan
Funds:..
Ten years of progress made by the school of Home Economics sin^e its ori^ahization in 1926, and the work of Oeah Mary L. Matthews, head of the school were celebrated last night when more than 200 home economics leaders from all parts ojE the state gathered at an anniversary banquet in the home economics building on the campus. The dinner also was in honor of the 42 ybung women who will be graduated in June from the School of Home Economics, Mrs. Inez R. Canan, H.E.
’17, presided.
Dean Matthews opened the pro gram with a brief welcome, with the response coming from Helen Hall, of West Lafayette, a senior,y who presented to Dean Matthews a box of 42 roses from the senior girls Mrs. Juliet Matthews Snyder, of Lafayette, a 1920 graduate, spoke for the alumnae, and Mrs. Virginia C. Meredith, University trustee, spoke on “The Gracious Woman; Later at a program honoring Dean Matthews, tributes to her work were paid by David E. Ross, president of the board of trustees; F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president; Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, Miss Mary I. Beeman of Ball State Col lege at Muncie, and others. Miss Matthews was given a handsome silver candelabra as a token of esteem, and Purdue alumnae established the Virginia C. Meredith loan fund for home economics students.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
Co-eds.Stiiciy ,. Apparel; Voice ■Likesy Dislikes By Mary E. Wien. The best dressed woman ^on the campus—^who is she ? The clothing and textiles 13a class in the home economics school has been discussing what the well dressed co-ed wears. In addition, complaints concerning attire and mani®!" have been
noted.
These C and T girls, list veils on hats, masculine clothed, bias-cut silk dresses, gaping plackets, and runs in silk hose, among their pet peeves seen on Purdue co-eds. They do not like to see large people- in knitted wear, crooked seams in hose, narrow skirts slit at the sides showing leg or light slips, soiled pocketbooks or shoe strings tied around the angles (Ghillies). h As for daytime campus wear, they are irritated by high heels, ankle socks, fiat-soled shoes, toeless slippers, coronet braids, backless dresses, eye shadow, and white shoes worn with other than summer wear. They do not like to see white foods aprons nor ski togs on the campus and they cannot appreciate chewing gum (seen and heard!). They agree that wearing “Sunday-best” to the library on Sundays (to study?) is out-of-place. Other things that upset their sense of proportion are fuzzy and dry-looking permanents, narrow eyebrows, long and bright colored nails, run-over heels, unbecoming make-up and too much make-up on unattractive mouths.^ They also suggest that Purdue women need to improve posture, practice voice improvement and broaden interests other than Exponent work. Union activities, school work and sororities. Do you get to class on time? Do you stand when older people talk to you or stop to look at your work ? Do you speak to the faculty other than in the classrooms ? If you dp not, remember to do so next time. Do you attach a Mrs. or Miss to your name when you sign it? How do you reply to a written inxdtatipn ? Dp you use a correspondence card when inviting a chaperone or guest to a dance? These are among the questions the Purdue co-ed needs to
study.
Korean Student WaitsTo EatTasty JandL Kanjang ' ^ By Frances McKee. When E; Dbk Lee, seiiipr in el,ectrical engineering, returns to Korea this suinmer, he will be glad to eat again his favorite foods—Jqndi and Kprijang (sby Saiice to Aimericans). “Americans dike Korean food mpre than Koreans like American food,’’ he states with firm conyictipn. He says, however, that we prepare pur meat better than Koreans, for practically all meat in Korea is in-soup. Concerning meat, Mr. Lee says, “I like American fried chicken well, arid will miss American beef steaks.” The rest of our Ariierican food is flat and lacks seasoning, he thinks. To Mr. Lee our use of a^ground-up mineral—salt—on pur dining room table is very brutal. Kanjang Made of highly seasoned liquid from soy beans and with a great deal of rock salt, Kanjang affords all salt for food as well as seasoning. Crystal salt is never used elsewhere than in the preparation of Kanjang. The pulp which remains after the liquid (Kanjang) has been squeezed out is called Duangang. Other seasonings are very hot pepper, a Pact fic Ocean searweed, and vinegar made from yeast. It is interesting that soy beans, which the University agriculturists have been trying to boost in this country, have been used in the Orient for more thriri four thousand years. Rice, or “bup” as Koreans call it, the Korean bread, is eaten dry in little cakes. But Mr. Lee also likes the American rice with butter or gravy on it. Koreans use no butter. The nearest thing to our bread is a cake made of rice flour. He likes bur soft sweet cake. Potatoes are baked and eaten -with sugar on them between meals; a growri-up person is laughed at if he eats candy.
Jandi
Jandi is made of radishes, which grow the size of small watermefions and celery cabbage soaked in salt water with other seasonings. It is very strong and only a little may be eaten at a time, but no meal is complete without it. Both Jandi and Kanjang are made in huge earthen jars. After the jars are empty, the children could play inside them. One jar may hold three boys easily and is about five or six feet high. Each family has three or four such jars. Morning and evening meals are the big meals df the day; the noon meal is just a lunch. Evening Meal With eggs the Koreans scramble a small transparent river fish called “Bangea”. This, with Kanjang, Bup, and Jandi makes the evening meal. Dubu, also eaten for supper, is ground soy beans mixed with water and coagulated by some chemical dropped into the container while the juice is boiling. It has the appearance of cottage cheese but quivers like jello when it is done. When chicken is eateri, each persori is given his favorite piece of the fowl just as is the custom in America. Mr. Lee chose the gizzard while his father ate a leg. The Koreans also have sa;Iad and some fruit. In making the salad, lettuce, cabbage and spinach are dipped in boiling water for a few minutes. A Korean family has no single dining room table; each person has a very low table for himself at which he sits for dinner. Only the very small children sit two at a table. Milk is not used in cooking and babies are the only ones who drink it. Tea is the only beverage served at
meals.
Quite a bit of food is fermented at some time in its preparation as is cheese. The Korean, woman does not run to the cupboard and get dinner out of tin cans as many American housewives dp, “I do riot want to marry a woman who likes to open tin cans because she is too lazy to cook,” says Mr. Lee.
Cb-eds Set Requirements For Popular Fraternity Man
By Martha Wood.
Do fraternity men care what the co-eds tfiink of thdrii? Anyway a group of forty Alpha Gamma Rho; officers asked one of our prominent co-eds to tell them what a co-ed expects in a; fraterriity mari. Her speech was received so verithrisiastically that we ifiterviewed Helen Dali to find put what she told them. “I tried to interview all types of girls regarding the subject,’^ Helen explained across pur cokes in the Sweet Shojp, “then I told them what the average cP-ed likes in a boy.”
, Neatness-
Iri her summary of the characteristics that co-eds like iri boys, Helen found that neat appearance ranked well toward the top of the list. Another requirement that contrasted with the y traditional Boilermaker “ed” is the fact that cleari shoes seem to please the co-ed. The general concensus of opinion was that the appearance of boys on dates is usjually very good, but “you don’t know how astonished we are when we see theria pn the campus the next day. Self-assured carriage> a pleasing personality, a good sport, a goPd conversationalist, and a measure of social graces are also required, and the ability to dance is almost necessary for college social life, a good, Courtepu^ gentleman is more in de-
mand.
No. Gables . , In stressing individuality in the fraternity man, Helen remarked, “Clark Gables and Franchot Tones are all right on tfie screen, but when .we date a campus boy we want to date one and not an imitation of a screen idol! ‘Joe Colleges’, too, are all right in the Sweet Shop, but we want some one who will wear well.” Contrary to the general belief among campus boys, the cp-eds do not think it “smart to be dumb”. Helen asserted, “Of course, we don’t expect Tau Bete’s on every date, but there is nothing more pleasing than
WAA To Hold Sports Spread
Co-eds will regale themselves teii morrow at 6:30 o’clock at the Spring Sports Spread, held in the W. A. A. cabiri. Awards will be given tb wpmen :^o have earited: required poirita in atidetics. The; trophiesyare class numerals,: ^‘P’’ monograms, the intramural rind class cups arid a skin for the senior pr seniors having tiie highest points. Girls wishing to attend the Sports Sp>read, at twentyfive cents per person, should sign on the bulletin board in the Women’s
Gym; ,
an alert mind.”
“We like gentlemen,” she asserted. “Those who say that 99 out of 100 want to be kissed have read too many story books or seen too many
movies.”
.Standards
In applying these characteristics to the fraternity, Helen remarked, “In this day and age when fraternities are questioned, it is up to them to come to the front and justify their existence. Standards for pledges are usually very good, but upperclassinen should not ask underclassmen to do anything that they themselves aren’t willing to do. There should be no double standards in the fraternity. Anything that is good for the underclassmen is good for the upperclassmen.” In summarizing our conversation, Helen said, “All of these characteristics count. In summing it aU up, when a girl is looking for someone she likes to be with, she uses the same qualifications as when selecting a diamorid. She prefers one that wears well, is genuine> and not synthetic. I’d like to ask all the fraternity men that wonder how they rate with the co-eds, ’Are you genuine or are you synthetic?’ ”
Springfield College, Springfield, Mass., has just received an Olympic cup it won 16 years ago.
New York U. received $123,635 in gifts the past two months.
Fashion ' Thrills for Graduatiori
Little queen of the day . . . the sweet girl graduate, sophisticated but freshly young, utterly feminine and just a touch dramatic. For HER we suggest these adorable things: mocKS for graduation and for all summer occasions. $8.95, $12.95, $14.95 S8LK HOSIERY Sheer arid clear in newest
shades.
from 79c SUMMER BAGS In white and all colors, from $1.00 FABRIC GLOVES , In newest summer styles, white and all shades.
from $1.00^^
BLOUSES ■ In cottons and silks, laces, nets. from $1.00 CULOTTES from $1.98 DAINTY LINGERIE froiti $1.00 PLAY SUITS SLACKS shirts $1.00, $1.98