tOLUMll ilMl
LAS'AYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 4, 1936
Bl From Bullet ^oii^
Shooting May Prove Fatal to Despondent tresh^ man Science Student ■’
Earl W. Rondeau, freshman in the school of science from Whitehall, New York, lay critically ill la^t night a;t the St. Elizabeth hospital with a bullet wound in ,his abdomen, the result of shooting himself Monday evening with a 45-calibre
Colt revolver. '
^ainpus BiiildM
H. Dean Talks Tomorrow Chevrolet Manager To
Talk At Fifth Lecture
“Opportunities That Lie Ahead” will be the topic of the fifth employment lecture which will be given in Eliza Fowler Hall tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock, by Hugh Dean, manufacturing manager of the Chevrolet Motor Company. Dean, who has been with the Chevrolet Company for twen^ years, now has under his jurisdiction all ten of the company’s manufacturing plants. These plapts employ approximately 50,000 men. This series of lectures is primarily designed for seniors, although all students and faculty members may attend.
Rallying slightly early yesterday, the young man, whoin police say tried to commit suicide, indicated that he wanted to live and that the shooting
was accidental.
Playshop Builds Set For New Play Amidst Chaos
■ By Dike. ■■ Amidst the ringing clatter of pounding hammers, and the screech of rusty saws as they chew their crooked way through nails and wood, and the soft slap-slap of paint rbrushes, wielded by paint bespattered damsels, Playshop is unaking great strides toward the Completion of the set for “Behold This Dreamer”, to be given March 20, and 21. Any afternoon, after wading through the muck and debris left on the floor by the Union satellites, a visitor to the sub-basement coihes to a blank wall of flats, beyond which, in neat array and order. Chuck and his stooges carry on for dear old Playshop.
Messy
Everywhere will be found the evidence of strenuous and intensive labors Bits of ends of boards; pieces of torn canvas, and gobs and gobs and smears of paint are to be found all over the place. In one corner, Kitty Cromer, with a green smudge on her chin, is running aimlessly around, frantically waving a vicious looking paint brush, trying to get a little paint on in the, right place. In another corner, a likely looking young chap is ambitiously trying to paint natural looking stones on a wood and canvas fireplace. Every where is noise, clamour, and confusion, but over all, “Chuck’’ reigns calmly supreme, unruffled by the countless questions hurled at him every momenta Slowly but surely, the set is beginning to take on a semblance of form under his capable guidance and in a few more weeks it should be about finished.
Despondent
Despondent because his sweetheart refused to niarry him, Rondeau borrowed a revolver from Mrs. Anna Baird, mother-in-law of his land-lady, Mrs. Georgia Miller, saying he wanted to use it in drawing a sketch. Then he talked with his roommate, William Lukey, junior mechanical, asking him whether he had ever thought of ending his life. Lukey attached little significance to the remark and soon left the room. Later when he heard a shot, he rushed to the room with William Troyer and David Grimes They found him lying on the floor suffering severely from his wound. The bullet passed entirely^ through his body and out through a win dow. It had toirn through the Colon and one kidney. Letters Reveal Troubles Letters found in his room by police indicated that his gh'l had written several times telling him that she would not marry him. Rondeau wrote two letters before his suicidal attempt. One was adr dressed to his sweetheart and another to a friend in Whitehall. Rondeau told police (that he accidently shot himself while making a drawing of the/gun, but police could find no drawing. They are cei’tairi that he tried to end his life. His parents are on their way here from Whitehall, New York.
Erection of a sixty foot elevating: tower marked the copipletion of the day’s work for the thirtyfive WPA men employed oh the hew Adniinistration Building yesterday. Basement walls and framework for the first floor have been completed and preparations for pouring the first floor pillars are now under way. Workmen began removing the bricks of the hack wall of the ballroom yesterday. A derrick has been rigged up to lower the bricks from the roof to the ground. The first floor has been completed and the workers have npW started laying
the corners.
On the Union addition the basement floors and walls are finished and the eighteen men working there have now started on the frame work for the first floor. With the prospect of more favorable weather in view, work should continue at a quicker pace than heretofore.
BEG-PAltoON’'
A; deletion , in yesterday’s story on the convocatibn omitted the date, March 12, following the word “Thursday’’. Irina Skariatina will speak On “Russia, Yesterday arid Today” in Fowler Hall, on Thursday, March 12.
Seniors Hear Winterrowd Aluimius Bisciisses Requirements Of The Successful Engineer
:Ags Hold Sir Loin Feast
.Banquet Held Anlidst Medieval Pageantry
a
Big BobMe” Talks To Green Potters
Noted Alumnus Tells Of Experiences At Purdue.
Education To Be Topic For Discussion Group
The fourth meeting of the newly organized discussion group will meet in rooms 1 and ^of the Union tomorrow evening at 7:30. The subject of the discussion will be “What Is An Educated Man.” The discussion will border on the question whether or not a graduate of the University is truly educated since he lacks a variety of cultural subjects. A leader for the meeting which is in direct charge of Dorothy Kuehn, has not been selected. '
Dr. Clarence “Big Robbie” Robertson was the speaker of the evening at the second meeting of the newly organized Green Potters in the Reception Room of the Union last night. Dr. Robertson divided his talk into three parts: Purdue, Indiana, and the Orient. He told the audience of football in the olden days at Purdue, how the track meets were held on the Oval in front of University Hall, the west goal of the football field being where the Armory is at the present time, of the annual “Tank Scrap” between the frosh and the sophomores, how the frosh usually outwitted the sophomores in the tussle, and of the annual meet for the championship of Indiana in the
major sports.
Was Athlete Here Dr. Robei’tson was captain of the football, basketball, baseball, and track when at Purdue and he was an instructor at Purdue for seven years before he left for his 29 year stay in China. In China, Dr. Robertson was largely responsible for the organizing of athletic teams throughout the country. He made a lecture trip through China trying to interest the Chinese in organizing an Olympic team. The Green Potters voted to sponsor a dance on April 26 at the Union Building and a committee was appointed to make arrange ments for this affair. Two other committees were also appointed, one to arrange for the annual Pot Burning and an Activities Com
mittee.
More than 150 people were token back to the time of King Charles II last evening when George Dennis, playing the part of King and aided by a cast of animal husbandry students, reenacted the “Knighting of Sir Loin” at the fourth annual banquet given in the cafeteria of the Home Economics Building. Appearing as speaker on the program was Allison E. Sjaiart, legal advisor to the University board of trustees and manager of the Shadeland Stock farms south of the city. Stuart has held for mariy years a place of prominence among livestock men and especially has he been interested in the development
of the Hereford breed.
“King” Dennis portrayed the actions of the hungry monarch who, after a successful day at the hunt, returned to Hoghton Tower near Blackburn in Lancashire, England, about 1676, and in a spirit of merriment drew his sword at the feast and dubbed the loin of beef “Sir Loin”. The loin, last night, taken from a prime purebred Angus steer grown on the University farm, was roasted whole in the ovens of the
Home Economics Building,
s. Future
‘The future for the animal industry appears bright,” said Stuart in addressing the group. “The field (Continued on page 2) -
State Florists’
lilp*
ISinth Ammed Ccmferehce WiU L^ Berci Expect 2(10 To Mend
Gpoperating with the horticulture departncient of the Uiiiyersity, the Indiana State Florists’ Association will hold the ninth annual Indiana Florists’ Conference here to^y and tomorroWi More than 200 florists, retailers, wholesalers, and flower growers from all parts Of the state are expect^ to attend.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Kappa Delta Rho. fraternity an-
nounces the pledging of L. S. Bill man, Anderson; M. N. Levers, Ros elie, N. J.; E. E. Losse, Milwaukee, Wis.; R. G. Rice, Milwaukee, Wis.
“Only experience will teach one the value ,ai experience,” said W. H. Winterrowd, M. E. ’Q7, when he spoke to the senior engineers at 10 o’clock yesterday morning in the lecture room of the E. E. Building. Mr. Winterrowd is vic^ president of the Franklin Railway Supply Co., with offices in Chicago and New York, and was formerly chief engineer of the Canadian Pacific
Railway.
Throughout his talk to the engineers, he stressed the value of planning ahead for a life’s work, and illustrated with personal incidents the frequent necessity of altering these plans to fit in with new conditions. He told of his own plans that he formulated early in life to become a railway engineer. During his three vacations while a student here, he served in the capacity of apprentice in order to learn the workings of a locomotive, and later this experience preyed invaluable when he became a railway executive. ' What Engineer Needs In coricluding his talk, he listed many requirements which he has found through his position to be essentials of a successful engirieer. His list included honesty, neat personal appearance, a wide range of knowledge on extra-engineering subjects, and friends. Books, said Mr. Winterrowd, are valuable assets and anyone who has learned to appreciate them has found life-long friends. Mr. Winterrowd followed up his desire to create a greater appreciation for good literature when he offered an annual prize of $100 to the Uriiversity senior who has collected a library that shows great value to the individual, but does not reflect great expenditures. Mr. Winterrowd has also benefited Purdue with other gifts, including the numerous etchings which have become an integral part of the Union
Building.
The airangements for the conference are under the direction of three Indianapolis men, A. F. J. Baur, E. C. Grande, John Bertermann, and E. R. Hone3rwell, a member of the horticulture department. Various subjects will be presented to the conference through discussion groups, demonstrations, tours, and lectures. The associatiori will also conduct special exhibits of various classes of flowers to which Indiana florists ate expected to contribute. Ribbon premiums, certificates ^of merit, and certificates of superior culture will be awarded to those exhibits showing sufiicient merit.
Today’s Session
The session this afternoon, which is in charge of Laurenz Greene, head of the department of horticulture, will feature J. J. Davis and C. T. Gregory, of the University staff, and William C. Betermann, who is chairman of the committee on plant patents. The meeting this evening will include a tour of the University greenhouses. Tomorrow the principal speakers and demonstrators will be J. P. Biebel, departmerit of horticulture; Dr. W. P. Morgan, Indianapolis; W. V. Owen, department of history and economics, Willard Crain, Cincinnati, Ohio; and Earl Bowers, advertising manager of the Folrists’ Telegraph Delivery Association.
Mrs. Inslow
us
Social Service Worker Will Interview Groups, Individuals
100 Hear Prof. Lane
lowaMan Discusses Hy^ draiilic Model Studies
Student From Nicaragua Compares ^^Unimrsidads^^ With Purdue
Rappa Alpha Theta Elections
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the election of the following officers: Betty Baur, president; Jean Hanley, vice president; Betty SimpSon, treasurer; Marian Winterrowd, secretary; and Jean Adkins, rush chairman.
By J, M. Karges “If you take the state of Indiana, substitute the population of Rhode Island for the Hoosiers, and put it between Costa Rica, Honduras, the Pacific arid Atlantic oceans, you will get a fair idea of my country, the largest of the Central American states,” says Robert Blahdon, freshman engineer from Leon, Nicaragua. At this point, however, the comparison ceases, Nicaragua has two mountain ranges, its temperature never sinks below forty-three degrees Fahrenheit. But Iridiana, with four large universities, \ a dozen lesser colleges, and half a dozen large cities, cannot well be compared with the tiny Central American country with its five “universidads”, 600,000 people, and 171 miles of railroads. Universidad de Leon “Leon, the principal city, is about the size of Lafayette. The Universidad de l^n is located there. It is all in one building although there are three separate schools—^pharmacy, law and medicine. The building is very old, but not so old as the university, which was founded over two hundred years ago by the Spaniards. There are no fraternities at the universidad, all students living in boarding houses. “You often hear boys at Purdut
complaining about the number of girls as compared to boys. They should go to Leon, where there are five hundred boys and just seven
girls.”
“There are four other universities oin the country—a school of agriculture in Chinandega, a little town of about fifteen! hundred people on the Pacific coast near Leon; a school for lawyers in Managua, the capital, and a school of dentistry and medicine at Granada. All of these institutions are smaller than the Universidad de Leon. Smallest School “The smallest university in Nicaragua is one owned and conducted by a single persori. General Jose Maria Moncadaj recent president of the republic. The General, thinking along lines similar to those of Machado in Cuba, founded a university. Then, not to be outdone by Machado, he founded a city to go with it. The city is named Masatepe, Spanish for ‘Fox Hill’. The universidad of Masatepe is strictly an agricultural school. Its em’ollment is limited to score of boys who live with the General in his home. Although some work is done iriside, the main classrooms of the school are the open fields surrounding the town. “I have found,’’ said Blandon, (Continued on page 2)
“Hydraulic Model Studies for the Design of Larger Dams” was the subject of an address given by Prof. E. W. Lane of the University of Iowa before a meeting of the local chapter of Sigma Xi, honorary research fraternity, in Stanley Coulter Hair last night. Approximately one hundred persons heard the lecture which was illusr trated with motion pictures and
slides.
Professor Lane described and explained motion pictures of models of various phases of Boulder Dam in Colorado and of Norris Dam, a part of the TVA project. He discussed the impossibility of foreseeing What will take place in the flow of water without first constructirig actual models of the proposed dam or water-way. In dealing with the models there is a continual process of remedying defectsi' until a perfected system is finally reached. The speaker stated that hydraulic model studies have been going on for only fifteen or twenty years and in that time vast savings have been made in the cost of construction as T^ell as greatly improving hydraulic action.
Mrs. Ruby Strand Inslow will hold either group or individual interviews with the eds and co-eds of the University to discuss opportunities in the social service in the Education Building at four field, in the office of Dr. O. F. HaU o’clock today. As supervisor of field work of the Indiana extension school of social service in Indianapolis, Mrs. Inslow is coming in place of Dr. R. C. White, head of the Indianapolis Division who was previously scheduled. Dr. White will be unable to be here because of a conference in Washington, D.
C. '
Peasant Room Meeting At 4 o’clock today Mrs. Inslow will hold an open meeting in the Peasant Room, of the Memorial Union Building for all who are in^ terested iri this work. All appointments previously made with Dr. ' White will be token by Mrs. Inslow and further appointments may be made in the office of the Dean of Women. Beginning in September, 1936, the Indianapolis school under the auspices of the Indiana University extension division will initiate a program of graduate work in social service. Besides being a school of high standing in welfare work, this organization is also a member of the American Associatiori of Schools of Social Work. As a follow up for the social service group meetings held during the Conference on Women’s Work and Opportunities and for the wide interest shown then, these meetings will provide excellent mater-
ial.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING
Pirathon fraternity announces the pledging of R, H. Stover, Whiting.
CANCELLATIONS
Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before noon Saturday, March 14. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department iri which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the registrar’s office. M. L. FISHER, , Dean of Men.
Eddie Cantor Gets 212, ()§0 Essays In Peace .Competition
PIA To Hold Tea Dance This Afternoon
Eddie Cantor’s peace essay contest winner will be announced oyer the Columbia network, Sunday, April 5, between 6 and 6:30, Lafayette time. A total of 212,000 entries were received from all sections of the country by the deadline, midnight on Washington’s birthday. The person who‘has written the best essay in the opinion of the judges on “How Can America Stay Out of War?” will receive $5,000, to be used to defray tuition and maintenance expenses for a college education. The essays are being judged by Robert M. Hutchins, University of Chicago; Frederick Bertrand Robinson, College of the City of New York; Ray Lyman, Leland Stanford University; and' Henry Noble MacCracken, Vassar College.
The Purdue Independent Association will give a tea dance in the Union ballroom this afternoon from 4 to 6 for its members and their dates. The music wiU be furnished by Bob Kelly and his orchestra. Mr. and Mrs. Moore will chaperon the dance, and Regina Kelley and John Ward are in charge of arrangements.
siiiEntered as second class matter at the post oftice, Lafayette, Indiana Delivet^ by mail, $S.60 per year; ddivered by easier, $2.60 per year; sold by Bingie copy, 2 cents.
Bnainees Phone 6088
MAIN OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Ghamberiin’s Spe^al Fw ^his Week—Tutti and Vanilla.
Editorial Phone 608T Order it—it’s delicioiis.
Daily^Stadent Publication of Pnrdsie University
Editor-in>Chief. Manasiw Editor. Associate Editors..
EDITOBIAL STAFF
H. V. Heuser
... .........;.....C. H. Campbell ^.1.. ..A. M. Chasteen, C, M. Hardin,
W. T. Hunt, E. H. Morris, It G. Walther ................................„................N. E. Hays
itors.........’.... D. F. Mull, R. H. Walpole, L. D. Wood t8..._- ...........K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forester, C. Harper, Jr., B. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler, R. C. Schenk, J. L. von Harz
Bold and Black Editor..... W; R. Abbott
Sports Editor.........j Associate Sports^ Sophomor^ A^'
Business Manager... Advertising Manager....
BUSINESS STAFF
..............W. A. Koch „...H. F. Antonini
Wednesday, March 4, 1936.
Issue Editor—G. L. Sadler.
A Wealthy Professor
An article in the: “Letters” column of the Columbus Citizen that was reprinted in the paper of Ohio State University is reprinted here for the possible entertainment of the professors and students. Signed by an anonympus contributor as “Not A Politician”. It read: “The recent budget veto of our governor: brings to mind the case of the professor in one of oiir state ;5tiniversifies who retired at the age of 65 with $50,000 with which to enjoy the declining years of his life. “Interviewed, he attributed this success to his single-heart-ed devotion tp scholarship, his long years of painstaking researchi his unrelenting intellectual integrity, his temperate mode of living, his personal interest in the welfare of his students, and the fact that a relative of his, who was a politician, died and left him $49,950.” Charles Warren’s $100,000 gift to Yale has drawn considerable comment because he stipulated the race of the recipients. It was his money ; let him benefit those whom he sees fit. ■■
Students And World Affairs
Symbolizing the ever-increasing interest taken by college students in World affairs are the two model Leagues of Nations to be held by eastern colleges this month. The older Model League, now in its tenth year, will meet at Vassar, where students from 31 institutions of higher learning will gather to discuss world problems. The New England Model League will hold its ninth session a few days later at Williams College in Massachusetts. : ^ ' The colleges are each assigned a nation to represent at the former convention. In addition, there are three committees, one on the distribution of raw materials, one on economic sanctions, and the third concerning technical assistance to undeveloped countries. Six or more students and a faculty member will attend from each school, and each college will uphold the contentions which its assigned nation is generally understood to support. All committee members and executive officers are students, with Dailey K. Young, of Columbia, as president of the assembly. Three university men, one a member of the real League’s Commission for German Refugees, will serve as professional instructors, with stud.ents doing everything else. Cups will be awarded to the most brilliant speakers, thus assuring tha.t ihe delegates will do their utmost. Meetings such as the above, which is sponsored by the League of Nations Society of New York City, indicate definitely that college men and women all over the nation are showing an interest in world problems more than ever before. It is from such elementary proceedings as these that the solutions to the real problems may eventually result. At any rate, the intense interest shown hy today’s students will become the active interest showii by tomorrow’s statesmen. —W. T. H.
WITH OTHER EDITORS
In Which The Writer Attacks
SwivehChair Grandmothers . . .
(University of WashiMgtem Daily) I don’t like grandmothers. I do not refer to the lovable old ladies who smother squirming grandsons with kisses and freshbaked doughnuts. I mean the male grandmothers one finds in swivel chairs. These persons are known as The Authorities or Responsible Officials or Those in Charge. The grandmothers conceive life as a set of rules. To them, the ultimate good is to invent a new restriction . . . the supreme evil, to infringe. To them, a group of boys throwing a football are not several healthy-minded lads seeking exercise. They are a gang of window-smashers who must be chased back to the bridge tables. Sometimes grandmothers band together. The product is known as a Stndards Committee. This group operates on the principle that college women do not know what Icind of clothes to wear or what time to come home. The committee has evolved a scientific method of defining morality. A girl who returns to her sorority house at 12:59 a. m. is a good girl. The one who comes in at 1:01 a. m. is besmirched and must purge herself by staying at home the next weekend. This purity preservation program is said to be effective. Some persons say, however, that it has pernicious after-ef-fects. Women who have been graduated into The World and no longer have a committee to guide them are said to have difficulty finding out just what time is proper for alumnae to go to bed. Ma]^ we suggest a Graduates’ Standards Committee that, because of its protegees’^ greater maturity, would permit them to come in at 1:30 a. m^ Other grandmothers become educators. They do not in struct, they do not train mmds—they fuss. Student displays of originality or of independei^e of thought provoke a flurry of censorial clucking. Instead of encouraging his piipils to de’plopr^their halfbaked ideas, the grandmother profmor^^lui^es the intellect ual upstarts with a flow of professional cliches.
NOTICES
No notices accepted 8 p, m.
Condition Exam—An exam for the r^; moval of conditions In chemistry 1 will be given in room: 101, Education Building Saturday afternoon, March 14, at 1 p. m- Application for permission, to take this exam must be made at room 210, Chemistry Building, not later than March 12. By special arrangement an exam in chemistry 2 may be taken at this time. Another exam for removal of condition will not be given until September. —HASS, TEST.
Condition Exams ; in History—^Exams for removal of conditions in all courses in hiS' tory, economics and government will be held Saturday, March 7, 1 p. m., in room 313, Recitation Building. Application _mu8t be made prior to that time at the history office. Recitation Building. —ESTEY.
Chemistry Condition Exams—Exams in chemistry 29 and 107 Will be held Saturday, March 14, at I p. m., in room 101 Education Building. Applications must be made on or before, March 12. —NELSON.
Sigma Delta. llhi—^Meet tonight at 7 :15 in the Engineer office in Union. Extra copies of the razz Exposer will be distrih. uted to those present. —BUTZ.
PlayShop—rMembers of the stage . committee report to siib-basement today at 4. Anyone wanting Playshop credits report to Anne Cromer at the same time and place. —CALLIS.
Skull And Crescent—A short but very important meeting to be held in Senate office tonight at 7 :30. Bring your Cotillion tickets and money, also membership blanks. —CRAIG.
W. S. G. A. Executive Board—Meeting tonight at 7:16 in W, S. G. A. office. —HALL.
Christian Science Organization—Meeting tomorrow at 8 in the reception room of the Union. —DRISCOLL.
Purdue Flying Club—Stated meeting at 7 :30 tonight in Union. Important, —ASIRE.
Union Show—Choruses 1, 2, and 3 and cast report in tower room at 7 :30 tonight. —ANSPACH.
Union Workers—Our committees met in sub-basement today at 4. —SHOEMAKER, QUIGGLE.
Union Workers.—Our committees meet in Union office today at 4. —PUGH, JUMP.
Gold Peppers—Meeting at Theta house tonight at 7 :30. —HUTCHINSON.
Orchesis—Special meeting at 7:46 tonight. . —McKEE,
Men’s Glee Club—Rehearsal at 4 today. —STEWART.
University Choirday.
-Rehearsal at 4:30 to—STEWART.
Co-ed Volleyball—Players meet today at 4. Freshmen vs. sophomores, juniors vs. seniors. —SCUDDER.
A. S. M. E.—Paid members may get magazines and membership cards in computing room this afternoon. —WELDY.
W. A. A. Basketball—Following games ai'0 scheduled for today at 4:30; in large gym. Alpha Xi vs. Chi O; in small gym. Pi Phi vs.' Theta. —CHARLES.
Horticultural Society—Regular meeting tonight in room 202 of the Hort Building. Program and refreshments. Everyone wel come. —TOWNSEND.
Playshop Board—Meeting at 7:30 this evening. —HOLDEN:
Union Workers—My committee meet in Union office today at 4. —OHAVER.
Alpha Phi Omega—Important meeting tonight at 7:30 in room 2 of the Union. —KUECK.
Eta Kappa Nu—Formal pledging 'tomorrow evening at 7 :30 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. —BURRELL
Purdue Glider Club—Regular meeting to. night in Mechanical Building, room 108 at 8. The joint meeting with the Flying club has been postponed until later. .Ihe meeting is open to all who wish to attend. —WOOD.
Camera Club—Members occupying lockers in the darkroom please get in 'touch with me before Friday this week. The darkroom will receive a thorough cleaning Saturday. —SCHOLER.
Young enough to be theoretical; old enough to be practical.
RICHARD J. BATH WATCHMAKER 608 Main St.
A me
I A Pgromount PUlgro and “Powdersmoke Range” AH Star Western Cast
The De Paulia appropriately runs .this; little :yersetv : We sig tKe joys at saft ad Suddy .';'::':sprig;'::;.;'\, Wd ^to' dose But why oh: why 7 did 'yon - and 1;;;' - , Take: : off our;: windeT/ undOT- ■ clodes?'?.'-"
“One beer” Leslie stood oh his head during the rush hour at the Blazer Saturday nite. Imagine what he’d do with two beers!
Little girl at zoo: “Gee, Ma, ain’t those elephants big as hell?” Ma; “Why, my little brat, you. For vhat yue min, husink langwitch like dot ? Don’t you know you’se shud naaver say—ain’t?” -—Illini.
TEA NOTES Three Pi Phi’s took pins for a three day period last Friday in order to escape the PM Tau tea on Sunday.
The Sigma Nu’s were invited to tea Sunday with three other fraternities. They didn’t care to play second or third fiddle . . . so they did not play at all. Were the Chi O’s burned up??? NO. !
LIFE. “Your stuff is great,” the editor ■' cried. , ' ■ I fairly beamed (it was my pride). The next words cut me like a knife. “To bad,” he said, “I, too, read Life.” —Juggler Vein.
To the commentator who suggests funnies or cartoons for this column . . . I’m used to it, but the recruits (suckers) take it to heart. Please don’t discourage them, yet
Suggestion; Why not let Walt Burnell lead an organized cheering section at the May Day Festivities.
Futoohee, Haug To Discuss Agriculture Tomiglit
Agriculture in their respective countries will be discussed by G. H. Futoohee, of Iran, and Max Haug, 6f Germany, before the Horticultural Society tonight in room 202 of the Hort Building. A regular business nieeting will follow.
is wide and he who will, heed fthe experiences of the past dab look to such a future. There ,.is no doubt that you men with the knowledge you have gained .here at the University can go back to the farm,, if that be it, and produce livestock of such unusual quality as was served here tonight—^meat superior to that which any'early king vfas ever permitted:.'to:'ieaL’^.'^' ’ ' ' '■■■'':::: ..
The cast aiding in the performance included; barons: W. H. Gleary, R. H. Parkinson; lords; J. M. Bowmar, C. S. Dixon, W. E. White, and H. Elijah; hutldrs; W. F. Justice; ; TL K. ParM^pn, Wbody, W, A. Lewke, :P.; C. Rush, and S. M. Gregory.
STUDENT .FROM; .NICA— ' (Gontinued from page 1) “that universities, much like people, adapt themselves to the surrounding condition. This is true in Nicaragua, Until the Nicaraguan canal is built there will be little need for engineering in the country; hence it is not taught. That is one of the reasons .why I came to Purdue.
“The people of Nicaragua now find occupation mainly in the grain fields and in the raising of live stock. Panama hats, coffee, bananas, cocoa, hides, sugar, and a good many precious woods are the chief exports. Most of these go to the United States.
DEAC
HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLECJE EDUCATION
H, a REISNER
LAST TIMES TODAY
A d a m a ... filled with .emotiosio.S
We tutned her hate into love..! iMina! IRENE. DOMNI Robert TayIo Chas. Butterworth
(elty Furn css VnivifUtl Puiure.^
STARTING TOMORROW
Dolores Del Rio .Warren William'
ture shows or go to dances just as do the students here in West Lafayette. Our favorite dance stepS' are the rhumba, the tango, and the waltz. You will find a great many students at the beaches on Saturdays and Sundays. You see, in Leon we are right on the shore of Lake Nicaragua and just twen-ty-five miles from the Pacifie
ocean.’
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbook at the
Ml’Tzi SANDWICH: SHOP 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
Margaret Sullivan
‘So Red the Rose”
and
The Surprise Musical of the Year “CORONADO”
■with
JOHNNY DOWNS BETTY. BURGESS
STARTING TOMORROW BUCK JONES -in-—. :. . “Sunset of Power”
^AUGHTY MARIETTA W A GOOD GIRL, MOW
Good... to ib® last caress... in the gayest of all musical romances!
Singing
their way
into the hearts o£ the world!
(femifeiiJIie#
iilSiiillY
liSl iMIl,
PICTORIAL
NEWS
NOW PLAYING
“The Widow from. Monte. Carlo’
Nothing is
ever perfect
For 1936 we offer what we think is the finest car in Ford history. But no car is ever considered perfect and finished as far as Ford engineers are coneerned. Once a year we introduce new models—since that is the custom — but constantly we make improvements in our car, for that is our lifelong habit. We don’t wait for Show time to make a better car. Proof of this is the present Ford V-8. In basic design it is almost the same as when introduced four years ago. But in performance and economy
there is no comparison between the 1932 and 1936 cars. Ford engineers do not work with yeairly models in mind. The Ford Motor Company does not wait for introductory dates to incorporate improvements. As soon as exhaustive tests p'rove that a new material is better, into production it goes. When hew machining processes or new inspection methods are proved superior, in they go also. The purchasers get the advantage of all improvements as soon as we are certain that they improvements.
F O R D M O TO R
COMP ANYIM' Sporfe 'CairiiiVai OpeHs Tonight At 7:15
Shot^ Wilt Feature Everything Front TrU cycle Races To Boxing
By L. D. Wood, Jr. The stage is sot in the Memorial Gym for one of the biggest sports carnivals in the history of thp affair. OflScials Of the Intramural Department have been -worhing for weeks planning the events which will be presented tonight, starting at 7:16 o’clock. For the nominal sum of twenty-|[ve cents an evening’s sports parade featuring everything from speed sprints on tricycles to boxing and wrestling matches will pass before the spectators. Big Turn-out Fraternities and wards alike have demonstrated their interest by turning out enmasse for all the events. Wrestling and boxing alike have attracted throngs unrivalled in past years. Monday and yesterday scores of men worked out in the gym in preparation for the boxiiig and wrestling matches. The generali lack of physical condition, quite evident in almost every case, was more than replaced by a gen eral spirit of sportsmanship and goodfellowship. Opportunity For All The carnival affords an opportunity for every man in the campus, be he athlete or not, to take part in some sort of physical sport. Those who have had a secret yearning to sneak out and ride up the block on the kid brother’s tricycle may give vent to their desires and yet retain their dignity—at least some of it—by straddling the three-wheeled vehicles in the tricycle event of the Silver Derby. Those who enjoy a lively canter or gallop along the bridle path but are deterred either by the lack of equipage or a steed may enter the “Horseback” racing event of the Derby. In this race four men will act as “horses” while a fifth man will act as the baton in the usual relay races by mounting his comrades for a trip around the track. Sack Racing Sack racing, a favoiite among those who enjoy picnics or openair political meetings, and a race on stilts will round out the Derby events. For those who do not care to ad mit an interest in the lighter sports enumerated above, there is boxing and wrestling. Followers of these manly sports will more than re ceive the worth of their admission price when they witness these events.
CARNIVAL TIME SCHEDULE
Wrestlmg Mat A 7:15 Cantwell vs. Hoagland. 7:22 Holmes vs. Dieterle. 7:29 Chomyak vs, Rogers. 7:36 Swanson vs. Fields. 7:43 Buenting vs. Browning. 7:50 Scott vs. Pratt. 7:57 Conrin vs. 7:16 A. 8:04 7:15 B vs 7:22 A. 8:10 7:16 B vs. 7:22 A. 8:17 7:43 B vs. 7:60 A. 8:24 7:29 B vs. 8:10 A, 830 8:17 B vs. 7:60 B. Mat B 716 Mentzer vs. Arlhod. 7:22 Denny vs. J. Louis.
Risk Dental Clinic
PAUL A. BISK ROBBBT G. RISK HAROLD J. RISK LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bids:. Phone 5701 Corner 4th and Mam
SUDDEN •^SERVICE
O
PHONE
P
WNTING Office Stationery . Weddins Invllatlons Sales Books, Etc.. c
? 6 t 8 CASSEL’S 408lFERRy
,o
Model Airplane Builders
Visit Our Sports Dept, for The Very Latest
MODELS
10c-2Sc-$1.00 and up
odels
Supplies for All M'
DECKER'S
618t520 Main Bt.
Phone 6477
Atinual Billiard Meet Begini^ Toniorirow
7:29 Hoffrtian Vs. Morgan, 7:36 Schlemmer vs. Muehlhausen. 7j43 Mead vs. HawMnson. 7;60 Varley vs. Pell, 7:57 Nolting vs. Scrivnor. 8:04 Paulus vs. 7:22 B. 8:10 7:36 B vs. 7:43 A. 8:17 7:57 B vs. Petry. Boxing 7:30 Shibelsks vs. Rosd, 112 lbs. 7:38 Phelps vs. Markey, 116 lbs. 7:46 Campbell vs. Milne, 126 lbs 7:63 Palmquist vs. Rosenburg, 136 lbs. 8:00 Rogers vs. Louis, 147 lbs, 8:08 Eirkman vs. Deomre, 160 lbs. 8:16 Kettle vs. Lynch, 175 lbs. 8:30 Mann vs. Dix, 135 lbs. 8:40 Bacharach vs. Sntith, 166 lbs. 8:50 Martin vs. Record, heavies. Relay 7:30 Sigma Nu vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 7:35 Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 7:40 Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 7:45 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Sigma Pi. 7:60 Pi Kappa Phi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 7:55 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Delta Theta. 8:00 Phi Kappa Tau vs. Theta Xi. 8:05 Kappa Sigma vs. Delta Tau
Delta.
8:10 Delta Chi vs. Pirathon. 8:15 Phi Pi Phi vs. Sigma Alpha
Epsilon.
8:20 Delta Sigma Lambda vs.
Delta Upsilon.
8:25 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs.
Kappa Psi.
8:25 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs.
Kappa Psi.
8:30 Ward 8 vs. Ward 1. Tug Of War 7:30 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs
Delta Theta.
7:35 Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Pira-
thon.
7:40 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Tau.
Playoffs for the feMh annual Im teTColiegiate Straight Rail Billiard tourney will begin tomorrow evening at 7 o’clock. Fifty-five colleges are entered in this totima-* ment in which Purdue has consistently finished second for the last
five years.
The Old Gold and Black cue pushers are confident of winning the telegraphic free-for-all this year. They have a total of 494 points in practice while the best winning scores in the competition for previous years has been a maximum of 380 hy Michigan State in 1934, 363 by Wisconsin in 1936, and 312 by Michigan in 1933. Purdue’s straight rail billiard team is composed of Hunter, Purcell, Cohee, Ingleman, and Martin. Purdue finished fifth in the newly inaugurated intercollegiate pocket billiards tournament played last Thursday. Indiana finished first with a total of 304 points. Michigan State trailed the Hoosiers by five counters, while North Carolina, Brovra, Purdue, Columbia, Pennsylvania, Cornell and Kansas finished in the order named.
ND, lUiiii
i
Won’t Enter Olympics
i
Both Schools
draw Squads From Dis-
trict Tournament
With-
Phi
Phi
Phi
DOAN ISSUES CALL FOR BASEBALL CANDIDATES
Spring is here! First call of the season for all candidates for the varsity baseball squad to report ^t the gym this afternoon at 4 o’clock was issued yesterday by Assistant Coach Pop Doan, who was evidently inspired by the first tinge of balmy air of the new year.
Swimmers Meet Indiana On Friday
According to a telegi'am ireceive^d here yesterday, both Notre Dame and the University of Illinois have withdrawn their basketball teams from the district Olympics tournament.
Reasons
The reasons cited for the withdrawals were essentially the same given by Coach Ward Lambert when he stated the Purdue net squad would not participate in the games. Coaches at both the institutions felt that absence from class, a prolonged training season and a very difficult past schedule were ample reasons for not entering their teams. Long Season Already The players have ended or will soon end a season that started almost six months ago. In this period, except for short periods during the holiday^, these men have been devoting many hours a week to practice, games and traveling. Entry in the Olympics would mean participating in and winning three tournaments before sailing for Germany some time in the summer, This would mean an additional three or four months of strict training and practice, and all entering teams must take care of their own expenses except for the finals in New York.
Purdue’s swimmittg sqttad, vie* torious in its lust three starts, will be forced to the limit in the effort to end its dual meet season with another victory over Indiana at Bloomington on Friday night. Although the Boilermakers are exprecteci to make a strong showing, Indiana’s tmnsnal strength in the distance events will make the Crimson favorites for the victory. Capt. Vemor in the free style dashes, and Closson in the distance events are expected to be the mainstays of the Purdue combination.
Forestry Oub To Hold Banquet Marcb 20
The annual Forestry club ban quet will be held in the cafeteria of the Home Economics Building Friday, March 20. The main speaker of the evening will be Prof. H. H. Chapman, a graduate of the Yale school of forestry, and professor of forest management. At the regular meeting of the Forestry club last night, Mr. R. B. Hull, professor of landscaping in the horticulture department, spoke on “Forestry in the Landscape” Further plans for the coming banquet were discussed.
7:45 Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Kappa Sigma. 7‘55 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. 7-50 Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Pi. Phi Kappa Psi. 8:00 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Delta Sigma Lambda. 8:05 Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Chi. 8:10 Ward 1 or Ward 4 vs. Ward 8.
Phi Sigma Kappa Elections
Phi Sigma Kappa announced the election of the following chapter officers yesterday: B. M. Hensler, president; W. Myer, vice-president; S. R. Smith, treasurer; A. M. Chasteen, secretary; C. h** Harvey, auditor; and G. R. Abercrombie, rush captain.
Correction
J. Lucek defeated Jack Noll in the final match of the Mid-Western Squash Rackets Championship instead of H. G. Noll, as was stated in yesterday’s Exponent.
KslolTemn ^ins Meet
Winning hy & score of to 1,248, the University j^stol teOnf recently defeated the VirgMg Military Institute in a telegrgphhs meet. A sehednle of ttventy-ei^i National Ride Association matches, twelve collegiate matches, and one R. O. T. C. Field Artillery Championship match face the team. The teain consists of eleven regulars and live freshmen. Material for the future pistol teams is drawn from Hhs novice pistol courses. Last semester 780 men were trained, received instruction and practice in firing during this period.
Application Pictures Special $1.25 per dozen The Foster Shop Studio Opposite Purdue Union Phone 6725
I PHOTOS 111 A nf Enlargements 25c I lllf illler’s Stiio... JlJaiii
SUBSCRIBE NOW FOR THE
EXPONENT
Prink Milk for More Energy
Call JOHNSON Pbone 41S32
J
Milk is your best food— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
OHNSON’S DAIRY
and Cheste^ields are th^re its a €o , cigarette
^ ^ '' s-N
WEDNESDAY SAXUHDAY BOSA NINO PONSELLE MARIINI kosxelanetz obchestba and CHOBUS 8 P. M. (c. S. r.) -COLUMBIA NETWORK
esterrie
O 1954. IiGGBrrr & Mybss Tobacco Co.
//O ’'fcf£l4re^^r7.. for mild 1
'.fo, better
ness caste
4
A
ipi'WSGAWill Present Pageant On Nay 9 Edith Gregory To Play Lead For Drama In
Mother's Day Festivities
Under the supervision of Lillian Peterson, chairman of the May Day program, plans are being made for a pageant which will be given May 9, as a part of Mother’s Day festivities. This pageant, sponsored annually by W. S. G. A., will take the form of a drama portraying the activities for one day in the
life of a fairy queen. The fairy
Fashion Show Here Monday Every smart type of fabric for Spimg, 1936, may be seen in the fashion- piomenade Monday afternoon, at 4 o’clock in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building The style show is being sponsored by the Virginia C Meredith club, and will exhibit new McCall fash-
ions
Theie will be variety as well as novelty in ideas in the fashion promenade this Spring. In silks both large and small prints will be seen Suits play a conspicimus part m this promenade with ercry type to choose from. The severely mannish grey flannel/and the indispensable silk s^tr in hoth plain and print version^ are very popular. For evening fashions there is the chic satin formal and the youthful dotted Swiss
Sure Signs Of Spring walking the levee
Everybody these days
Theta Conner on the campus without a coat . “Keep Off The Grass” signs put around by the Student Senate The front window of Tom’s place wide open Beggs and Glenny m white shoes, Louise Burkle and Lillian Peterson in new suits Co-eds sans galoshes—sans hats —sans scarfs Jeanne Stiles and Lyda Lyon with their kodaks . . . . Miriam Mohr and McGannon at it again over the week-end . . . “Love - in - Bloom” Marshall around the girls again Football players in the Swe^ Shoppe Chi O’s—Walker, Copeland, and Theiss flying kites yesterday afternoon Pi Phis smoking on the front porch again Art Bradbury having Barbara down for the week-end
queen, Edith Gregory, wishes to become a mortal for a day. The wish is granted. Other members ot the court of the fames are Lillian Peterson, maid of honor, and Sarah K. Foorman, Helen Hall, Mary Rose Harlan, Evelyn Kellenberger, |Eileen Lamb, Mary Louise LUstig,] and Maiy Luxton, attendant to the
queen
Theme Is Frivolity The theme of the entire play will be bmlt aiound an atmosphere of lightness and liveliness, excluding everything that is modernistic. The dancing, which will be that of days gone by, is in charge of C’Dale Boiler The music to accompany the dancing is supervised by Jayne Bennewitz. ll^aiy Tangeiman is cnaiiman of costumes, while Kathiyn Hilton and Maiy Frances McQueen have contiol over staging and piopeity respectively The post committee is headed by Eva Speaker and publicity managed by Helen Cieech. The pantomime is under the direction of Edith Gregory, Dicken Conner IS dramatizii^ the pageant. Tickets may be obtained from Margaret Richey, who is chan man of the sales committee Announcements concerning meetings of the committees will appear later in this
paper
Recollections^Of Dean Shoemaker Remain Vivid In Co-eds' Memories
Prof. Allen To Speak Before Workers’ Education Class Prof F J Allen, of the university chemistry department, will addiess an adult class in workers’ education tonight at 7 o’clock at the Mars Baths on Columbia and 7th streets Professor Allen’s topic will be “History of Chemistry” Anyone interested may attend.
Orchesis To Give Exhibition March 25 Members of Orchesis, co-ed dancing club, will hold a visitor’s night Wednesday, March 25, at 8 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium This piogiam, which is to be the first of its kind, will consist of an exhibition of dance technique used by the club in the past year Several dances of original composition will also be piesented This meeting will be open to the public
Co-ed Gym Classes To Change Program Spring activities in co-ed athletics will begin after the spring vacation with a change of program in the gym classes. Swimming, tennis, archery, baseball, and golf will replace the indoor games. Initial golf instructions will be given m the gym while more advanced practice will be offered on the Municipal Golf Course
By Ellen Mann Just three years ago yesterday “The Mother of the Purdue girls”, as Dean Carolyn E. Shoemaker chose to call herself, passed away. But even death could not take away her kindly spirit which remains fresh in the memories of senior co-eds and others who knew her although three years have elapsed. When we look back to think over some of the many worthwhile things she included in her work, we marvel that one woman could have so many cares and burdens thrust upon her shoulders and still remain such a sweet, friendly person Thus, she was known and loved by students, townspeople, and faculty members alike Willing Worker As a willing friend and advisor to every co-ed, a tireless worker for the welfare of the women of the University, who gave herself whole-heartedly to the development of all sides of a co-education-al career, and furthermore took an extremely active interest m dramatic production^, and as a professor of English literature, she embodied all and more than anyone might expect of a Dean of Women Largely through her own efforts she saw the Univeisity de-
velop from a purely technical school to one which offered, in addition, many courses for women Scholarship Cup One of Dean Shoemaker’s firmest beliefs was that sound scholarship develops hand in hand with a well lounded personality. To further the attainment of this belief she established the Dean Shoemaker Scholarship cup to be given each year to the women’s organization having the highest scholastic standing At the time of her death one such cup was in the permanent possession of Alpha Chi Omega sorority and another has been successively in the possession of Chi Omega, Kappa Alpha Theta who won it twice, Chi Omega, and Kappa Kappa Gamma, who won it last June The organization winning it three times in succession will be awarded permanent possession of the trophy. The beloved dean’s great ambition was a new dormitory for women Had the Women’s Residence Hall today existed at that time, it would have been the realization of her dreams and would have enabled hei even more efficiently to diiect the co-eds toward the realization of all the opportunities affoided by the University
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING— Phi Delta Theta announces the pledging of M. E. Love, West Lafayette, J W Claypool, Hempstead, New York; and H L Scott, Hastings on the Hudson, New York
Designers Feature Fur Trim In New Fashions By Jeanne Janousek Evidently the diessmakers are anticipating a late summei, because they have given furs a prominent place in new fashions. Silver fox turns imaginary bolero jackets Entiie sleeves are made of fui, and eimine and calfskin, as well as fur-lined tweeds, aie to be seen foi the three-quarter length summer coats
Evemng Coats
Evening coats are more decorative than useful This fact is explained in that many of the new formals are made ot woolen fabiics Marcel Rochas has an en semble of black duvetine and Molyneux has one of canary yellow Molyneux adopts two lines for evening dresses—^the Grecian and what he calls the “peacock tail” A fullness of material is tucked fiom each side of the hips towards the back in a curved line and let loose m two long and graceful ends. Schiaparelli also advocates the Grecian line, but it is modified by the French directoire and empire.
Co-eds To Appear In Floral Nusicale Show Will Conclude Two-Day Conference Tomorrow; To Feature Flowers For Adornment Climaxing the Indiana Florists’ Conference which will be held on the campus today and tomorrow, a Floral Musicale will be presented tomorrowi at 8 p. m., in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. The program and arrangements are under the direction of A. P. Stewart, music director; E. R.
Honeywell and R. B. Siegel, of
the department of horticulture. The features of the musicale will show the trend in the use of flowers for personal adornment by having arrangements modeled by University students Though not all plans are completed as yet, the present ones include a parade of flowers for special occasions. Among the first groups to model will be Jean Mohnsen and Hubert Lester with a colonial bouquet for St Valentine’s Day, and Mary Elizabeth Wien and R. B. Siegel, showing appropriate flowers for St Patrick’s Day. Flowers for formal costumes will be worn by Ruth Anspach, K. J. Eitel, Betty Renn, and Fritzi J. Walkey. Street Clothes & Flowers Stieet clothes with proper floweis will be shown by Dr C T. Gregoiy in a business suit, Rosemary Milburn, modeling a spring suit, and Hope Reisner wearing a dinner dress. Lillian Peterson will appear in a spring suit with floweis suitable for Palm Sunday In the Easter Parade the models will
include Helen Hall and two children, Dickey Freeman and Fern Honeywell. The final showing will be that of a bridal company composed of Louise Burkle and Ruth Grimm as bridesmaids, as yet the bride has not been announced. During the modeling a musical background will be furmshed by the Purdue Concert Choir, Eddie Mae Browne, the Friend Trio, John Brubaker, Mary Friend, J. Robert Hammond, Charlotte Stewart and
A. P. Stewart
Co-ed Baskelball Teams Compete Continuing the co-ed intramural basketball tournament. Women’s Residence Hall defeated Ward 1, 16 to 10, in the first game of the four that were played in the Women’s Gymnasium yesterday afternoon. Ward 2 downed the Alpha Chi’s, 26 to 20, following which Ward 4 defeated the Pi Phi’s, 23 to'16. In the last game the Kappa’s were the victors over the Theta’s, 22 to 6
With very tailored suits in vogue, we will see many shirtwaist blouses Although colored blouses aie still good, white is best Amy Blatt shows white crocheted blouses of Ireland stitches to go
with hand knitted tailored suits
Guess what—bloomeis aie back’ Taken from the earliest cycling days they are being adopted for beach and country wear. Detachable skiits aie worn over them Floweis, especially tulips, are populai as decoiations for milady’s gowns Lettering is also very populai—even more so than before. Molyneux has his full name let-
tered over several frocks.
The New Junior dasher C@il@ge Students We wish to show you a new washing machine, made especially for you. The JUNIOR WASHER is the size of a large kettle, and is adapted for towels, J underwear, socks, ^ stockings, lingerie, col- ^ lars, and numerous^ other items. As a DRY CLEANER there is no equal. THE JUNIOR WASHER IS ANOTHER STEP TOWARD ECONOMY FOR THE STUDENT. The price is——
TRY THIS MACHINE FOR TWO DAYS WITHOUT ANY OBLIGATION WHATSOEVER. Harciware...S22 Main
THIS MAN,
H
A
I
E
Y
■ OL
OU may know him. Yoia most
certainly do if yon ever have had yonr shoes shined at the shine stand in the Union Barher Shop. For Charlie pnts a shine on yonr shoes
that yon don’t forget.
Merits come easily for the basic military stndents who let Charlie shine their boots. Shining officers’ boots is his specially. But we can’t begin to tell yon about Charlie’s fine service. Better run around to the shine
stand at the
Union Barber Shop Purdue Meineritil Union The Corner of the Campus^ Yet The Center of College Activities