Something Different: .Little Movie Convos / Begin Tomorrow
x^pMieni
Boflermakert For Fortheomihig Ohio Sfote Tuftio
Volume 53, No. 27
West Lafayette, Indiana
^ X'. Wednesday, October 8,1811
Initial Program Of Weekly Charlie Spivak’s Band SigriO
Movie Convos To Commence In Music Hall Tomorrow At 3
Students To Attend Without Charge; Bills To Include News, Band Shorts First program in the new weekly series of movie' convocations will be presented tomorrow afternoon from 3 until 6 in the Music Hall, The convo will consist of short subjects of interest to the entire student body. Tomorrow’s program will include: “News of the Day,” “Men of the F.B.L,” “Fly Fishing,” “March of Time” and a short featuring Henry Busse and his “shuffle rhythm.” Future programs are being planned to present other interesting subjects including several travelogues and the “Crime Does Not Pay” series.
Coed Rusbees Start To Attend Formal Meals Rushees Will Receive Sorority Bids Today After four days of afternoon teas and informal invitational parties, the University’s fresh-
For Homecoming, October 25
Fair Theme To Prevail, Union Confirms Rumor Tickets | Barnes To Play For Cary Appearance Here
Dance In Union Friday
Today is the first day that mem-
bers of the Junior class may obtain reserved seats in the junior section for the Iowa and Michigan State football games. Tickets may be se-
cured today and tomorrow. Sophomores, according to sched-
ule announced at the time passports were distributed, may get their tickets next Monday and Tuesday, October 13-14, and freshman may call for theirs the following Wednesday
and Thursday, October 16-16.
By W. A. Summers
“Fall” will be the theme of Cary Club’s first big dance of the new year. This dance will be held in both ballrooms of the Union, Friday, Oct. 10. The dance is to be infoimal with the usual hours of
coupons presented.
Students To Be Admitted Free
The movies will be shown frqe to the student body only, and they have only to present their passports for admission. However, passports will be absolutely necessary and no student can be admitted without one. Neither^ season ticket holders, nor members of the staff will be admitted to the convo which will be
given solely for students.
It is the aim of the University committee on lectures and convocations to bring to the students each -Thursday the latest news of the
week, a review of past events coeds will experience a
through the “March of time” and ^ a short featuring one of the coun- . , t
ter s rush program today with the beginning of formal dinners at the individual sorority
educational experiment, for noth- houses.
ing similar to it has ever been of- Each girl is to receive her invita-
fered to University students before, tions this morning for dinners this preliminary elimination speeches If the turnout of the student body evening, tomorrow, and Friday. ^hl be given next Tuesday, Oct. 14 warrants, the movie convos will be- Town girls can get their invitations University hall. The ^ speeches come a regular part of the convoca- at the Pan-Hellenic office from 7 to should be about five minutes in
Dr. W. Havighurst Addresses Initial Extension Meeting
9-12 prevailing.
In order to make the exchange Music By Barnes
of coupons for reserved seats the Music for the dance will be played coupons must be properly signed by I’y Barnes and his band from
the person to whom the passport Indiana. This band features lovely Sounding the opening note of a belongs. Annabelle Alexandra as vocalist, four-day Agricultural Extension Block orders for tickets may be 'who will be remembered by all who Workers’ Conference, Dr. Walter .obtained as>long as the combined attended the mixer last week. Havighurst of Miami Uni.versity coupons are all of the same class. Barnes and his band have broad- spoke on “American Earth” at the If block orders contain coupons of from a Port Wayne station. annual banquet of the conference
different classes the order Will be This summer he played an en- ]ast night.
in the lowest classification of the gagement at Lake James near An- jjavig-hurst declared, “Amer-
gola. According to Bob Brewster,
ican character has been shaped by
try’s leading bands. Educational Experiment
Tomorrow’s convo is really
Freshmen To Compete In Beveridge Speech Contest; Starts Oct. 14
social chairman of the halls this
band IS becoming increasingly pop- productive, ular with the students of this Uni- ^he growth of our soil has resulted versity. shaping of the national spir-
Almost Closed it.”
This year in contradiction to the Common Future
policy followed in other years the
dance will not be entirely closed. Bids are being distributed to other organizations on the campus.
The speaker noted that although Americans have never had a common past, 'language, history or heri-
Official confirmation of the rumor that Charlie Spivak been signed to play at Homecoming, Saturday, October 26, wai
made last night by Union Officials.
Spivak was comparatively unknown until last year when he made a sensational rise into public favor while playing at the Glen Island Casino in New Rochelle, N. Y. for an all time record of eleven consecutive months. This same casino was the starting place of other outstanding leaders such as Glenn Miller, the Dorsey Brothers, Larry Clinton and Ozzie Nelson. Charlie is a short, plump fellow, perhaps not looking too muclj like a first rate musician, but then even the fellow’s parents are reputed to have made the mistake of thinking that he should be a violinist. Of course time has shown differently., He has made several recordings for Okeh. Some of his latest recordings include “When the Sun Comes Out,” “|t’s ^ Peaceful in the Country” and “What Word is Sweeter 'Hian
Sweetheart ?”
Feature vocalist with his band is Garry Stevens, male er whose specialty is slow romantic pieces. The price of admission will be the usual $1.50 charged this
year for name bands.
Howard Hoyt Named Playshop Urges
On University Public How For Best Se^
Safety institute Staff
Opening the 15th annual Beveridge Speech contest for freshmen.
that other students will be able to He stated that the earth has made
tions program. Run From 3 to 6 The programs will take approximately an hour and will be run continuously from 3 to 6 every Thursday dfternoon. Students may come and go at any time they feel the urge between the above hours. Gimlets and Reamers‘•will be in charge of the doors. The Music Hall is well equipped for movies since they have the latest types of projectors, screen and sound system. Very few theaters in the country have facilities that compare with the Music Hall’s for movies or any form of entertain-
ment.
Freddy Martin Next Week The subjects to be shown in the second convo will include: “News of the Day,” “Eyes of the Navy,” “Capital City,” “British RAF,” and Freddie Martin and his orchestra,
b.w.s.
attend the dance. A bid is a neces-
sary invitation to the dance.
Fall Hall Setting
The back drop will be in the fall Style depicting the beautieS of this season. The definite drop has as yet not been made but if plarrs are fol
Americans optimistic, equalitarian
10 a. m. Hall girls will receive their and deal with national prob- ..... . . . „ . ...o** bids in their mail boxes. Accep- questions of today. Appli- (jepjet a scene featur- years after the first land office was day. The appointment is part of the the Playshop business ofiBce.
Lieutenant Howard Hoyt, recently in charge of a general police
and inventive and has given them a training program at the University “common dream.” Qf Minnesota, has been appointed
Dr. Havighurst also pointed out as a full time staff member of the nighters are to rip out coitthe rapidity of American agricul- Public Safety Institute at the Uni- pon No. 1 from ttfeir season boOlci, tural development, saying that 60 versity, it was announced yester- sign them, and exchange them at
By Bud Eberts
With the approach of the opening night of the first playshop ittoduction of the year, “Three on a Horse,” all prospective.,
tances for three dinners must be returned to the Pan-Hellenic committee before 1 this afternoon. Dinners will last from 5:30 to 8 each
evening.
Following the Friday dinners, the coeds will meet in the Union to sign preference cards. Pledging will take place after 3 p. m. Saturday.
w.e.r.
Agriculturist Names Eight Staff Members
cations may be made at the Forensic office in room 386 of the Union.
All Freshmen Eligible
The contest is sponsored by the University Forensic Board. All freshmen are eligible for competition. The winner will be awarded the Hayes cup by the Hayes Jewelry
Company, Lafayette.
The Ankeny cup is awarded to the organization whose representatives win the most points in the contest. If an organization wins the
ing the halls with the colorings of fall blended into the setting. at the Forensic office by the organ-
ization before Oct. 14. Debate Squad Members
The finalists in the Beveridge contest will be included in the beginning debate squad if they wish, Bruce Lawler, senior debate manager, announced. The debate season has been opened by the an-
Ankeny prize for three years in sue- nouncement of the question by the cession the cup becomes its per- National Association of Teachers manent possession. Since the be- of Speech. This year’s question is: ginning of the annual contests, the “Resolved: That the federal gov-
In order to fill vacancies left by following groups have won the An- eminent should regulate by law all
several members of the 1941 Agri-
Ohio alone was manufacturing more reaping and mowing machines than the entire country of England.
Dr. Knight Speaks
Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the division of education and applied
culturist staff not returning to school, eight new staff appointments weie announced yesterday by Gene Snyder, editor of the pub-
lication.
Frank Skinner has been named head of the entomology department and John Jaskowisk will he in charge of the agricultural engineer-
Five students majoring in flori- department. Dale Kelly, Rayculture took part in the annual in- mond Smith, and Harold Wann will spection trip of six Indianapolis serve as sophomore editorial assist-
keny award: Delta Tau Delta, Sig- labor unions in the United States.” ma Chi, Theta Xi, Sigma Nu, Sig- Freshmen who are interested in ma Phi Epsilon, Phi Gamrha Delta, debate should begin now to preTau Epsilon Phi, PIA and Cary pare to discuss the question. A
opened west of the Alleghenies, expansion of the service and train- Several weeks ago coeds
ing program conducted by the In- sent around to the fraternity houses' stitute for the city police depart- on the campus and sold season ments in Indiana and surrounding books, and from these a small pCTstates. centage of coupons have been Served At Wichita turned in for the first play which" Before joining the University of will open in the very near future,
psychology, told the extension Minnesota staff in 1939, Lieutenant The best seats will be given thoM, workers there were five questions Hoyt served for twelve years as a who come first, and already mwy everyone should measure himself niember of the police department of mail orders have been filled, by if he is to look accurately at him- Wichita, Kansas, where he conduct- Jack Miller, business manage;: of self. They were: Am I engaged in ^ traffic violator’s' school and was Playshop, announced that a few genuinely constructive work, am I charge of the department’s train- season books and single admission in touch with reality—real acts for ing program. He is a graduate of tickets are still available, so you’rfe real reasons, am I or can I afford to Friend’s University of Wichita. still safe in calling up a “quest” be genuine, can I tolerate uncer- WBl Conduct Police Training and getting a date for one of thq
Hoyt’s duties here will consist of four performances of this amusing
the development and conduct of va- comedy.
rious police training and service - ———m n,.., activities, including city police de- gram outside of Indiana was madu
tainty, and am I self-supporting or
self-reliant?
The banquet program, which was attended by several hundred agi'icultural extension workers, was
Club. Cary Hall West has won the meeting will be held Oct. 22 to give presided over by Dean H. J. Reed,
Five Floriculfure Majors Journey To Indianapolis
greenhouses held last Saturday for the purpose of studying insect prob-
lems of the florists.
Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the Entomology department, and Prof. H. 0. Deay, of the Entomology staff, accompanied the group which in-
ants and Russ Hardin, Belford Butler, and Keith Felix have been added to the business staff.
cup for the past two years. A fee the freshmen definite instructions for the Ankeny cup must be paid concerning debate work. k.r. Pop Corn Vendors Will Benefit From Hybrid Seed Development
By W. G. Hoskins
A “iSlew Deal” has been institu-
The first edition of the Agricul- ted for pop corn vendors by the in- tenderness is pro-
turist IS scheduled to appear next novation of various varieties ot hyweek. The front cover will show brid pop coin developed at the Ag
Jane Ostrander admiring chrysan- Experiment Station, in cooperation Produced Other Corn
eluded R. W. Lindahl, E. W. Nord- themums that are being grown by with the U. S. Department of Agri- Similar studies on the developlinger, A. M. Sheridan, R. H. Brew- floriculture students for the coming culture. ment of hybrid sweet
vettdor and the eventual customer, since more pop corn with improved
University director of agricultural
extension.
Home Demonstration Luncheon The home demonstration agents’ luncheon tomorrow noon will feature a talk by Eunice Johnson, Indianapolis, on “Looking tl;,e Part of Your Job.” Miss Johnson is educational advisor for the L. S. Ayres
Company.
Other Highlights
Other highlights of the four-day program jvill be talks by Dr. Edmund Brunner, professor of education and rural sociology at Teacher’s College, Columbia University
corn were demonstrations on the use of
partmental surveys, training school possible by a financial grant to the lectures and services to various University by the Automobile Prostate and governmental units. tective and Information Bure&o of
The traffic police training pro- Chicago. w.e.r.
ster, and W. A. Schallhorn. d.e.b. Horticulture Show, w.e.r.
Debris Warns: 'Last Week For Pictures'; Official Photogapher Will Leave Soon “This is positively the last week have the necessary post-
that seniors may get theii pictuies made,
taken by Jerry Carlon, official pho- with the present system of ap-
tographer, in the sub-basement of pointments, time has been allowed expansion, as four bag
the Union,” was the announcement Carlon can take the proper corn
Ed Wonders What Sorority Rush Is Mi About; Misses Women In Sweet Sbo^ By W. Summers final outcome. There she catchbs up Sorority rush from a man’s on her sleep and we enjoy the pict
point of view (notice a man’s point ture alone.
of view) seems to be an absolute If it is not the show we juat ha^f bother. It has been noted that coeds to sit and listen to the events there are seem to be deserting their the rush and what wonderfial tepa, favorite haunts in the Sweet Shop, and what wonderful times,' an^ Yes, they will guzzle weak cold tea what marvelous, and what—weti.
conducted by the Ag Experiment handicraft by H. J. Tanner of Wau- ^ sorority ratheF than have the It seems as though the foreign sitsr.fii.inn snmp venrs aeo and result- mt: very original coke with US. These nation would be a welcome chai^.
are the first vicious signs of what The yawns on both sides show the sorority rush does to us eds on the interest in the subject, campus. Rush to all of us who do h|0t Chatter And Giggles know is called selective memboiT'T The strange noises in the form of ship. It brings to mind the selective incessant chatter and strained gig- service act which to us males gles that eminate from the houses something to be not very happy is the final blow to our prestige. We about, and the marshalling of tilie always make a wide detour around coeds to go to these sorority 'afthese pleasant gatherings, for. fe- fairs makes us equally upha^y, males in such a quantity are too Perhaps the army is just as good,
New Varities
A number of varities of hybrid Station some years ago and result combinations have been tested in ed in the release of Golden Cross pop com producing areas across the Bantam, which is now responsible corn belt that show gieat pi^omise for at least 85 per cent of the yelas far as increased yields, standing ow sweet corn used in the canning
ability, and “coefficient of expan- trade.
sion” in popping are concerned.' Up until these recent developGood Prospects ments by the Ag Experiment StaProspects for pop corn vendors tion, the only commercially availlook veiy good in this new era of able hybrid pop corn has been Minof popped nhybrid 250, a Jap hulless hybrid Pai'tment director for Wasco, Cali
are anticipated where but that has made a record in the north- schools. For the past
pan, Wisconsin.
Dean Reed will close the session at Friday noon’s luncheon with an address on “The Roa3 Ahead.” k.r. Charles W, Mann . . . PE ’39, ha'k recently been appointed physical education de-
two
[made by the Debris office yester- of fjjoe needed to produce three were obtained before from the ern states. This brand has, how- x ^ a” ^h -^^h of a dose at once. We are not for what have we got to lose newt day. All seniors must either be pho- ^nd poses. However, same weight of the raw material, ever, been susceptible to wilt and , ' ^ ^ ® hardened to such things. The only The crowning insult to all
lowship.
Mrs. Mann, the former Martha
to a son. Sept. 27.
Thomas Richard,
tographed this week or go to Indi- ^any come late and cause conjes- Samples of each experimental hy- too early maturing in the main pop
anapolis at a later date and lun hurry with the rcsiilt of brid have been tested in a special corn producing aiea. -p w f w u-.-u the lisle of not getting their pictuie gad looking proofs. popper tg determine the popping ra- Experiments comparing the new Remmer ot hort Wayne, gave^birth
in the annual yearbook. ^an not be over stressed that tio. hybrids and the standard pop corns Sent Cards all seniors have their pictures taken These tests have revealed that have shown that inbreds and hyFor (he last two weeks seniors this week in the sub-basement of the better hybrids have popping ex- biids exhibit marked differences in ^ have been sent cards and notified the Union. If by any chance you pgnsions of from 25 to 31, as com- flavor and type of popped kernels, Xf of their appointments with the pho- haven’t received an appointment, pared with expansions of from 18 As a result of the cooperative
stop in at the Debris business of- to 24 for standard open-pollinated breeding program here, the seed of
fice at once so that you given a definite time to
thing that makes their gatherings we have worked for cornea when interesting is the frequent fainting finally the rushee has been pledged of some of the rushees—they are We can have no more coke under such a strain. until after five o’clock. It seems aX If it is not a tea, it is a dinner though the taste of the t^ moili and we are just left in the'dim, linger on and on. At any ratoJu
dim background. When, we do man-
tographer, but many have failed to show up. If for any reason an appointment can not be kept, seuiois are asked to call at the Debris of-
tographed this week, r.t.o.
allows her to once again lead a mQ|4
age to wrangle a date with one of normal life. Perhaps that is the tt^-
announces the election of the these hopefuls, it seems that the son why all of the coeds i|
may be varities grown and stored under a few of the best new hybiids will following officers: Robert J. Visin, date is always so tired that when anxious to be pledged. I be pho- identical conditions. Increased ex- soon be available for limited dis- president; James D. Karn, secre- a pleasant evening is suggested the that we will never kno# 1)^
tary; and Emery E. Jett, steward, inevitable trip to the show is the swer. '
/
pansion promises to please both the tribution. w.g.h.. But The Right To Say It
I;.
ii
A few weeks ago Charles A. Lindbergh, leif-aippointed defender of democracy, made a statement in Des Moines accu.sing the Jews df “agitatiiig for war."' Aroused and‘angered Americans assailed the speech as a “serious blow to democracy and to the movement to keep America out of war” and called it “Hitler technique.” A declaration was signed by 90 prominent political figures attacking the etfort “to pit religioh against religion, race against race,” as “a betrayal of the treasured tmditio'ns of our democracy.” However^ the attacks against Lindbergh have not been limited to mere statements and declarations. Attempts have been made to ban him from‘the radio, and more than one city government has refused him the right to spejdc in municipal auditoriums. It is unfortunate that Lindbergh made such anti-Semitic statements, and we agree thaf this is not the American way but is a “Hitler technique.” However,- we should not let our tempers reach such extremes as to deny him the right to -speak. This, too, is the dictatorship method. The America Fir.st Committee reported that they were not attempting to raise the racial issue and also defended Lindberg’s right to speak as he saw fit. Also during the past few weeks, a Senate commitee under Senator Gerald Nye has been conducting an investigation of the attempts by the “movie barions” to force this country into war. The America First Committee has been heartily in favor of this investigation and has contended that some restriction
WBAA 16 Broadcast
Guilds Prdgm
shoiild be placed on the “propaganda” issued
by: ;Hollywood. ■ , - I'hvoiig'h the cooperation/6,t- raThus the America First boys demand their diostatioa WBAAj thp Student Art freedom o( speech, and then in the next breath the second i„ its / ’ ... senes of radio programs ..entitled argue that the subject matter of moving pic- «what Is Art To Me?” tonight at
tures should be censored. 8 o’clock.
However, the real issue is that two at- The program will be in the form tempts have been made to restrict freedom ^ dramatic news broadcast, con-
of expression, a fundamental in our American ^
liberty. We agree that Lindbergh should be ^^ws pictufeS' from Washington, criticized for raising the ugly form of racial D. C., the moderni.stic church, at prejudice, but we argue that he should not be Columbu.s, Indiana, and the latest
denied one of the basic rights of our -democ- art news, here.
The next Art Guild meeting will
lacy. ... ... be held tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 In the case of the movie propaganda, it is the Union Puttering Shops, w.c.r.
doubtful that there has been a treacherous at-
tempt on the part of Hollywood to drag us . ■ , . into the European conflict. However, if the secret political schemes, producers should be deliberately trying to do the start of the CIO, Lewis this, the American people still have the choice I^S^an^theirferowlmveller iaU of going to the pictures or staying at home, ellites. Agressive, persistent and since they have been publicized as what they experiencedVin politicking, the leftactually are. No person has the right to die- wingers, while always a minority, tate to the moving picture corporations what 'were^able to niapeuver themse^ra
they shall produce and how it shalhbe filmed. That is just as- much a denial of freedom of expression as prohibiting Mr. Lindbergh
from speaking.
The racial intolerance that was raised in the Des Moines speech and again in the Senate investigation is a totalitarian tactic, but denial of freedom of expression is also the same tactic. It was Voltaire who said, “I detest, sir, what you say, but T will defend to the death your right to say it.”
.The Ratio-
• • • fo
You fellows who are far from home aren’t the only ones that haye worries about keeping the love life at home going. Theta Janice Roberts has had her feller on the string for a couple of yeaivs pntil now. About two weeks ago a strangely cool letter came to her from her man, but that had nothing on the one received Thursday. It was simple and to the point.-“No explanation necessary. Married last Sunday.” ■
A pome if you wish to call it, Mary had a little lamb Some salade and desert She gave the wrong address The dirty little flirt. She must have been a Co-ed on vacation.
into key places in most of the CIO unions and its national headquar-
ters. .
In these vantage positions they formed it closely-knit pretorian guard for Lewis, particularly after the Nazi-Soviet alliance of 1939, when the Communist party line was reversed overnight from hostility to Nazism to activity collaboration with Nazi foreign policy.
The Kappas, have insti.gated a new pastime. Instead of whispering sweet nothings to each other, the couples that spend in the dark corners of the Kappa basement are putting them down on paper. That’s one way to keep down the noises. However, the boys had better, be careful and take home their notes. Remember they will make good evidence in the courts of law.
“So you paid 60c to see the picture, eh? Well, I paid $7.85 for
people to see this hat.’
' So with Lewis violently isolationist, these leftwingers, under blister-
yttSHDKIOH MERRY-SO-
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Street bankers into his shop. “Who do you mean?” said Knudsen. “Sidney Weinberg.” “Is he a banker?” said Knudsen, scratching his head. “Sure, he runs Goldman, Sachs, ^nd Company.” “Oh gosh!” said.Knudsen, “I thought that was a department
store.”
Apparently the “Great Dane” had confused Goldman Sachs with “Saks, Fifth Avenue.” Social Security Changes The President’s . special message to Congress on broadening the Social Security Act isvstill in roughdraft form, but hfere are some of the specific major changes it will
recommend:
of the last three years to entitle big attack within the CIO, snug-
his wife or other beneficiary to a gled up closely to him. He protected
pension. Under the President’s plan, them and they were the backbone
all these periods would be reduced, of bis support.
thus greatly extending the scope of pension eligibility. : Roosevelt alsoTs being strongf ly urged to lower the pension age from 65 to 60. Moguls of the Social Security Board are opposed to this, but supporters of the various pension movements are vigorously for it. If the President does not recommend it in his message, a determined effort will be matle to change the age-figure in Con-
gress. .
Note—Most interesting problem
But when Hitler suddenly invaded Russia, the Commies abruptly shed their isolationism and became red-hot anti-isolationists". But while at odds with Lewis on the war issue, they still continued to play ball with him on CIO affairs. This “marriage of convenience” operated with considerable , success in keeping both in the’ saddle. On the strength of it Lewis began girding himself for a drive to recapture the CIO presidency at the November 17
convention.
But the lovey-doveying is all off
The “G. J.—Herky Escort Service” of the Pi Kappa Phi house presented Jean Thuerk, Pi Beta Phi, and Bob Horne of the other Pi Phi house with an itemized bill for services rendered. The service being the entertainment, of Jean while Bob was off camjm.s. The bill came to a total of $2.95, and that ain’t hay especially when the escort is,, having the fun. This is a contrib, Thanks. ?
Let’s have some contribs. What say folks ?
Engineering And Science Senior Men: If you have not obtained your Personnel and Employment Interview Procedure report to your school office at once and secure it. The seniors in Science may secure their material at Dean Enders’ office. Mechanical Engineers tyill receive their procedure at meetings that have been called for that purpose. It is important that every senior has this procedure at-once as the forms are to be, completed and returned not later than October 15. W. E. Volger, Director of Personnel.
Phi Lambda Upsilon
being threshed out bohind-the- If officially called off in
scenes is the manner df collecting
a twelve-column Daily Worker arti-
1. To expand greatly the scope the tax on domestic help. To re-.^^e by Roy Hudson, member of the
lieve housewives with one or two
social security stamps that can be
bought at post offices.
of the law, thereby including 27000,000 additional workers—maritime labor, domestics, self-employ-ers, casual and part-time workers, employes of non-profit organizations, such as foundations and churches, and farm, laborers. With more than 40,000,000 already cov-
ered by. the act, these additions to conserve strategic materials, one
day cake has gone around the world. to around ^’^flecided question is whether to ap-
CP Central Committee and Politi-
Hull Encircled By Axis At Birthday Party; FDR Studies Social Security
servants from keeping books, the cal Bureau in charge-of trade unPresident has suggested the use of 'ons. ■■
. ... chemistry honorary, will hear W. E. Vogler, University personnel director, tomorrow night at 7:30 in room 106 of the Chemistry building, Vogler Will speak on “Your Job in the Emergency.” This is a disemssion of the chemist’s pai’t in the present national crisis. ■ .
Everything for a College Education
DEAC’S
LAST TIMES TODAY
Lucille MEM
“ALSO
'WHITE EAGLE" Serial
Washington, Oct. 7, 1941.—The picture of Secretary Hull blowingout the candles on his 70-year birth-
Capitol Chaff
In OPM’s forthcoming campaign
. But the picture did not show the Chinese, the Japanese, the Germans, the British, and the French who
surrounded him.
Secretary Hull’s press conference is still the most international scene in the entire capital. It brings together, elbow to elbow, the peaceful newsmen who represent their
warring countries.
■ In Hull’s birthday group were Joe Chiang and David Lu, both Chine.se, Henri de Longfief of Havas (French) News Agency, Kurt Sell of the German News .\gency, Masuo Kato and Clarke Kawakami, both of Domei (.Japanese) News Agency, Denys Smith of the London Daily Telegraph, Sol Hirsch of Reuters of London, Lawrence Todd of Tass (Soviet) News .\gency, and so on
around the table.
70,000,000.-
2. Increase the joint employ-er-employe payroll tax from 2 to 4 per cent the first year, with graduated raises thereafter. This is counted on to act as a brake on inflation during the current big-spending defense emergency and as a cushion against an economic tail-
spin afterwards.
3. Temporary and permanent disability payments. The law now pro-
Laying down the new-official party line on Lewis, Hudson blasted him as a reactionary and foe of labor and declared that those who played along with him on domestic issues were “living in a fool’s paradise.” The pronunciamento concluded with a big bouquet of praise for Phil Murray and a very significant en joinder against strikess in defense
plants. y V
“The time has come,”'Hudson de-
point Dick Powell, movie star, to head the drive for saving old lipsticks for their metal . ... The Henderson Office (Office of Price Administration) . has already outgrown four buildings in-turn, and is expected to moye again. The staff now numbers 900, may go to
2,000 . . . . Henderson’s inner cir- dared, “to show the middle class cle of advisers consists of only four that labor is patriotic and that it men—^John E. Hamm, Deputy Ad- can win gains without strikes.” ministrator; David Ginsburg, Gen- Note—Inside CIO word is that ei-al Counsel; Dr. John K. Gal- Lewis is backing his close hench-
vides insurance for unemployment, Director of Operations; and man, AlJar^ljl’a^Wood, CIO organizabut contains no protection for phy- Joseph L. 'WeineivDeputy Director, tional dirqct'&if-for secretary of the sical incapacity. in charge of Civilian Supply . ... CIO against able, young Jim Carey, , 4. Rai.se the federal share of old- W'^iner, age 39,. is the oldest of the Murray’s personal choice,
age assistance benefits paid by the 1°’'” ' '; ' Hager of CAA, aftstates, which are now matched 50- air tour of Brazil as guest of 50 by the federal government. The Pi’esident Vargas, is wilting a book act limits this federal contribution Brazil s aviation, titled “Frontb $20 a month, but only one state, ’ State Department California, meets this maximum '’’'■'’B^hboai d is so busy that oper-
ators are instructed not to let incoming calls wait for an opening.
(Copyright, 1941, ^by United Fea-
ture Syndicate, Inc.)
The party line boys have switched their line* again—this time regarding John L. Lewis, long theh' close
figure. It’s the President’s aim to
Many of their countries w'ere at change, this rigid system so as to
war or violently hated each other, increase the federal contribution in dine is busy, sir. Yet it was to this , “international the poorer states, probably through Pl^^se call again, club” of newsmen that Hull said a percapita wealth fol'mula, so as New Party Line
he had never been associated with to enable pensioners in these states a more agreeable group. to get a bigger monthly check. Sachs and Saks 5. Cut the period of time an em-
Sidney Weinberg tells a story of ploye has to work in order to be ally and champion, how Bill Knudsen made a mistake eligible for a retirement pension. From now on, the official Comabout Weinberg’s Wall Street con- At present the. requirement is 65 munist stand is all-out against nections. yeais of age plus employment 50 Lewis. When Weinberg came to Wash- per cent of the time since January This switch is one of'the most ington to join the 0PM, Knudsen 1, 1937. Also, in the event of his .significant developments in CIO hiswas asked by newsmen what he death before 65, the I'ecipient must tory, and is certain to have farmeant by bringing these Wall have worked at least 18 months out loaching repercussions on Lewis’
DOUBLE FEATURE TODAY -TOMORROW
ummu
■LAST TIMES TODAY-
with Claude RAINS'Evelyn KEYES lamesGLEASON'Edw.EverettHORTON
STARTS TOMORROW
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
LUMA
LAST DAY —2 HITS
rOIMES""
mmm
> with JOHN BAMRYMORE Frances FARMER Ricardo CORTEZ)
Thurs. - Fri. - Sat. - 2 Hits
- . with %rov.eh VjMMSiS.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
PIPE MAKES AUNT CRY''0NClE!'ito4„ nephew’sont of the doghouse now!
HECTOR BOARDED (free of charge) with his rich old aunt. But his pi])e smelled like a Fourth-of-Jidy punk, and one tlay it made /t»r explode. She chased him out for good.
PuhdujL £xfiomnL
Entered a.s .second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
, Editor-in-Chiet. NewH Editor liUHinei^B Manager:.
Ned A. Ochiltree John L. Trauffott Don S. Powers
i ' Sports Staff Editor Phil C. Johnson Asaoeiate Editors: O. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J, S. Keeler,
Publication Staff
Hanag-ine Editor Leland W. Ruffner ABSociatc Editors: J. F. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, K. L. Hadley, F. I. Jones, E. G. Kieijer.
Phones; Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792; Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Business Staff Local AdvertisiiiB Managers: K. K. Gjemre, E. E. Saxton ; Circulation Manager: W. T. Hell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Co-ed Staff Editor .........Ruth Rose Associate Editors: Mary K. Eoynlon, Alice Chatlield, Jane Itamsdell.
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College rul)li3lier.s Uepre.senlatives, tZO Madison Ave., Ne-w York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor; Kieper Issue Editor: Roqiicinorc Night Sports Editor; Fraseli Hay Editor: Ram.sdcll Reporters:. Eherls, .Stettenhen/., Ilafert, Summers, Sfiuior, Jioqueniore, Ihiskiiis, ilut/.. Sports I’eijorlers: Barnes, JieMars. Shryer.
KNUTE ROCKNE ALL AMERICAN
— with — PAT O'BRIEN GALE PAGE PLUS
NURSES SECRET — WITH — PAT O'BRIEN GALE PAGE LEE PATRICK REGIS TOOMEY
STARTS TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
ME GREATEST ADVENTURE THE SCREEN HAS KNOVilN!
mahs
-THURSDAY - FRIDAY-
Armfuls Of Eyefuls I Scads Of Stars! Swell Songs!
UTH G9RD0N • OHO KRUGER . DONALD CRISP — Plus — GENTLEMAN FROM DIXIE — WITH — JACK LaRUE
ARRID Ad Noi 475N
New under-arm Cream Deodorant ' safely Stops Perspiration
Rudy VALLEE Ann MILLER • Rosemary LANE — LAST TIMES TODAY-
WHERE THERE’S A WILL there’s a way to get mentioned in it. Hector switched to Sir Walter, the viild blend of fragrant hurlev8...and see how
1. Doc.s not rot dresses or men’s shirts. Does not irritate skin. 2. No waiting to dry. Can be used right after shaving. , 3. Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days. Removes odor
from perspiration.
4. A pure, white, greaseless, stainless vanishing cream. 5. Artid has been awarded the Approval Seal ofthe American Institute of Laundering for being harmless to fabrics.
Arrid is the LARGEST SELLING deodorant. Try a jar todayl
ARRID
39^ a jar
At alleiores eelling toilet ^ooda (alao in lOf! oiiil jars)
iiilMi■
«i
BQUmoMmer ^orts
a^ssttn
m covi^
^tfy linking
ts
Phil Johnson
9 «»*
Jf- xU ■ ' ;>' i? 1^ <V 'V ^ ni^ if V., ^ Wim the advent of Paul iBrowri' Ohio State grid fans can
texpuaia cQmpletely >n6W\und revamped 'Buckeye s(juad,.,"IEhe ^ ^ ^ ^ lli^le>naan;r!froiaa M^esiiJon has brought his own staff of assist- ^ebu^ 6t a slf^hi,n'o pournd halfback by the -mme of fKen'.'^meihk. ,Ken ^t«b,aijld'tog0therithey,haye proceeded to instill a new syetem did not break,into t^he lineuR in the Vanderbilt,game,fa^.was,a surinlio^tiietJolunibuSv'grii^ers, No longuxv as in the reign of Fran- prise starter in the‘panther tilt., , , > - cis Sdhmidt, will substitutions pour on and off th/e field, .nor ^he shifty little sophomhre electrified tbe.crowd on seveml occasions.
A IDianranii in T4ve Itough
^ Pe)y ppopk wh,9 sa'vjr .the-^Pitt game Saturday will foxget^the college
■ ■ ■■ 1%
•will ,aja»iliertiazizle plays feature the„attack..
J^k iCfootball
.. Jfpstead thisj year the keynote of 'foofbalf et 'Ohio State is funda•nften^l^ ‘SBioek!,” “^aclcle!^’ the coaches' cry, 't'hei'r cries liave not been in vain. Last week the Buckeyes upset the predictions of the experts by overwhelming Southern California, 33-0. The game was fea-
the most amazing of ‘Which -was a 66 yard kidcoff jitetifjcn (.through the
heart etf'the Jungle-Cat'tmm.
piirKes te^in y I ledMin In toss-
]|B^ng lor i(»[eK Tomorrow Evening
• Thie 'Spack?
jDo you remember after the Vanderbilt game that everyone was saying that the Boiferraakejss didn’t look so bad, but they St .need a spark of some kind to pep them up and give them life. Perhap,s this hard running halfback from Shottridge of 'Indianapdlis i^^j’gst/th^ spark that will i)e needed to give .the .team that spirit. ' , Certainly it is encouraging to the team and very pleasing to the’ audi-
All students who have boxed or ence to have a man playing ip the safety position wh^ takep a like
tnrpd hv the Buck’s smooth -JunnW iinter^ted in boxing are urged he was really going some place and then proceeds/to do s>. K.en lacks ., , ^ „ , .‘/i ioa to.of the Purdue experience. Every team on the rest of the schedule will be laying for hinl a ac an ew rcpiace^enfs « , ]^pxj^,.^As^o|^|^,tdon tomorrow eve- by virtue of his performances last Saturday. But he is a hard fighting, mg ineap fts in., e ays F 101 ia tbe conscientious player with plenty of the stuff called intestinal fprl;itude
Flelgh^use.^.^upp l^enna, local Gold- in polite society. We think he’s got what it takes. ''
Entei^—-‘■Oiir iN«w York Correspondoni'
the first-string lineup as in the dayi
of Schmidt. , ,
-i If? i’noiii) a-- in I'nc d-i r
At the.hagmning of the season, ;Glpves wjii^pe’ry^ :^pur that, “the'%^1^ n^d a ,:iitt}e bit,of c)iarg^. r,ip.b,„
times and will be in
everythipg^ah^ wifl hjava tp, fipi it " iiti'ci ti ii'Hl 1)1 ‘ presto” Thus :far,Brown seems’to f if- wi.rr !”av. i un.i , have metniWith., singular success.' Whether! mis^wyl continpe, prtly the remainder., joi^’th'e.seakp'n can tell*.,
Fisher Back ,
n I n‘ -I ‘ -11 II Strausbajigh, Maag.
and the great iDon, Scott have,gone >'E„xi-l?*''
IM Schedules IM" Sfibfe. :
•TftUeHBAiiL
T 1. X WedBMitay, flqtober 8
Langhurst, field ‘ 2 Cary 1^11, -Cflyy Hall 2.
11
a Cayy Ha)} 3 va Cary Hall 4.
V Captain.
Gary 5 VS! Cary Hall 6.
E. 4Jgy,M.,
Gaiy Ijfefl va Cary Hall 8.
pT. lljplapd.
Cary Hall 9 va Cary Hall 10.
C., H. Hj^paa.
Oajcy Cary Hall 12.
E Jk PeiiJufl,
Cayy 1^)1 JS va Caiy Hall 14.
4,
8
the Way of all ^eniop, i:<!|mbinations. However, the lack of experiedced reserves was not one of the feuck’s weaknesses last year. Capable llick Fisher, a three §port man, starts his third and last year on the squad as the number one tailback. He is ably supported by speedy Paul Sarringhaus, the ,sophomore flash
from Hamilton, Ohio.
Fullback Jack Graf, son of a former Ohio State great, will handle a major share of the punting and passing. Tom Kinkade, the first
string blocking back, shows flashes eye line, which averages 199 pounds
#«Atebnity golf Wednesday. October 8
Final tlanie
Theta Tau va Beta Theta Pi or Delta
Tau Delta.
of brilliance that produce memories of Zadworney who so capably filled this slot on the 1939 championship team.
Tough 'Liit^
Football partisans whd were in roubt about the Buckeye’s defense needs need worry no longer. In last Saturday’s game with Southern California, the Trojans were held
is Charley Anderson, the negro end from Massillon. Last year his presence was an ever constant threat to opposing backs while his pass sn^igging and end-around abilities are well known to Ohio State opponents. Familiar Name
We received a swell letter frojp Jim McKee, ai^ ^|(E^^Reiitin,an who is making good in the big timej yesterday witli some .very interesting, tidbits concerning theTordham team which is on the horizon of the Boilermaker schedule in the ppt too distant future. Says Jinj, “Fordham had everything today. They had excellent running, gppd blocking,, good passing and punting. Tkey really' are the great team writers in this section have been saying they were during the pre-season buijLd-ups, “To prove the running and passing ability of the Rams,^” ke writes on, “Fordham gained 26^ yards net by rushing, 6l4 yyards by.jiassing. Against this impressive yardage SMU gained 91 yards by rushipg and
94 by passing.’’ Draw your own conclusions. • Dick Tracy 'Stuff-^Only Real
We were talking to Jim’s dad yesterday, Professor McKee of the English Departmept, only to learn of a very interesting episode in the news-
paper life o’f last year’s News Editor.
While going about his daily duties on the Wall Street Journal Jim heard a report of a murder in a nearby building. Leaving on the run, he hurried to the reported spo't.’Dpon arriving at the scene he drew up htirriedly standing over the body of a Longshoreman’s Union official with three bullet wounds in his head.*Only one ofiicer had arrived ahead of
Jim. Se had scooped every paper in the metropolis. Why can’t we have action like that on the Expo?’
INTER-FB^TEKNITY BOWUNG - Tonight*ithe anniiaV ^terficAter- i ,1 ' t nity bowling tournament, spon- the bulletin board at the sored by the Union, will get under alleys, and it is imperative
Rmters
(^Q
Faced with the problem of stopping a seemingly unstopable Ohio State eleven that startled the guessing experts with a 33 to 0 triumph fover Southern California, Head Coach Mai Elward has ordered a week of heavy drill and scrimmage' in an effort to round out the squad into top shape.
Open Date Helps
Being the only Western Confer-
mr.. r.. xi-^ XT. • 1 • ' "'•11 oocc team that started the season
This afternoon the thinhes will
begin the feature event of the fall f Iff.* ! of double . ' .. > ' xi.' 1 drills under their belt, the Riveters
'track practice season, the annual ~ ^
decathlon. All trackmen,’both var- And it necessary to utilize every •z. ^ y n r T -1.1 .L available .second in making’ up for
sity and freshmen, are eligible to , ^
1 2r,>J ‘ »x lost time. Fortunately, the appearparticipate in thie composite con- - . v . . t i
test Of track and field events and-
I/COO Vi. liiaClV dllvl llViu cWllLo, clIlUv . -I *1 V i* >1
ule will make it possible for the squad to get in two full weeks of pi’actiOe and continue the rapid improvement that has heeh forthcoming since the Vanderbilt game,
is required to It was apparent in Saturday’s
take a crack at every event and game with Pitt that the Boilermakpoints will be awarded according to ers have ilh’dergone a marked phyhis proficiency in that particular sic&I improvement since their inievent. For example, if a runner tial tilt with Vanderbilt’s well conshould do the seventy-five yard dash ditioned squad, and undoubtedly in 8.2 seconds he would draw a cer- rdahy of i|;he early season mistakes tain number of points; if another which cropped up in that game will man should do it faster, he would be smoothed out by the additional
garner more points than the man drills. '
On tie^ie
each man will be out for himself, competing against his future team
mates.
The Scoring
Each contestant
who did it in 8.2. Likewise points are gained according to distances in the field events. Chance To Improve , The decathlon wjll be run every
Blocking Better
Mai’s remarks on the team’s blocking, a point that he has been stressing all season, indicate that he is satisfied that a definite
way. This year twenty-six teams have entered, an increase of six over last year. Because of this increase the schedule has been divided so that six teams will bowl to-
Tackle positions are well fortified
to a net of negative nine yards by with Captain Jack Stevenson apd night and the remaining ^twenty torushing. This feat was accom- Jim Daniell, a, brother of Pitt’s morrow night, plished agaipst a.team that, on the 1936 AH-American, providing ^he The teams are divided into brackprevious week-end, had defea1;ed bulwarks. Pete Hershberger may ets pf fourteen and twelve teams Qregon State, the conqu.erors of the also surprise as an end, but the rest each. Each ,team will bowl at least University of Washington. of the line must develop from Coach twice on a Wednesday night durThe standout player in the Buck- Brown’s tutoring. ipg 'the year. Alley schedules will
that the teams are on time. The schedule for the first two nights is
as follows: , '
iWeXiesdar, Oct. 8, iSrSO
' Beta 'Ylifeta ‘Pi V8 Phi Kappa 'Tap Pi Kapph Phi vs Lambda Chi Alpha Triangle vs Tau-'Kappa Epsilon
Thursday, ^Oct. 9, 6:30
Phi KSppa SJigina vs Ahiha Tan Omega
Beta BigmB Esi .ys Pi, Kappa A^Pha Theta Ch'i vs'Phi Sigma Kappa Phi Delta Theta vp Alpha Gamma Eho
Thursday, Oct, ^'4S
Sigma Nu vs Sigma Alpjia iBps^ton / Phi Gamma Delta vs'Phi Kbppa'Psi Tau Epsilon Pbi ys Phi iKaPPa Delta Tad! Datta Vs Aii)ha Chu Rho K^PPa J)dlta Bho vs Delta llpsilon
Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday ppovement has been made in that nights for three weeks, thus giving phase of the game but still falls the trackmen a chance to improve short of the performance that he their times or distances. The best expects from the team. The downtimes and distances of the three blocking in particular was bettrials will be the ones that count in ^he Pitt affair, with the rethe final scoring of the meet. The ^hat innumerable opportunities contestant with the highest number aj^.ose for the rapid Riveter backs of,points at the end'of the three y^ey emei-ged into
week peri<^^ will be declared the gpgj^ field.
winner of the decathlon. , x_- D X ,A XU - XU It can be said that the team as
■Captain Bert Anthony is the , ,
' X x' X • • XI • n whole carried more smoothness only contestant running again this , , , XU X x: • u j • j XU X- X XU and coordination into their attack year.that,finished in the first three . . , , , . ' -X 1- il XX u' i-j against Pitt, because each man
last year, so it looks tb be a wide , ,. ’ .
a, . , , knew his assignment and carried open affair, r.b.b. -x x a ix ui i
it out. As a result fewer blocks
I I I ... wei’e missed and the offense func-
tioned with more snap than had
been shown before.
At the present time there is a problem as to who should be given the top billing at the left end position, with three candidates striving for the honor; Jim Rush, Foi’rest McCaffry and LaVern King. Bill Combs seems to have the right wing fairly well held down although
IM Sclieditile
softEalL
Wednesday, October 8
DIAMOND
1 Ward,9 .vs Ward 14 2 rWatd 33 vs Ward 24 3 Ward 32 vs Ward 23 Ward 22 vs Ward 25
A “Homer
is d
9f
filing
so are ’Our Insults SI |DyBR|ISE in i; lo'"
Ward 28 vs Ward 21
Delta Uiisilon ,vs Lambda Chi Alpha Theta Tiju vs thi Gamma Delta
Phi Kappa Sigma vs Theta Xi ^
Aipr TiroVeU'^vs'^&^cSi Bho -BiirShMct is offering steady com-
Sigma Alpha Ito vs Kappa Della Rho Petition for the lob.
tja PVti ■K'nTvr\»i Pci Sr J
Alpha Gamma Rho vs Phi Kappa Psi
GREETING CARDS FOR AIX OCCASIONS
RYTEX PERSONAL STATIONERY
llniversity Book Store ^ Across form Union Sammons ^29 “Doc*** Epple *40
GRAVES' BAKERY PRODUCTS
Clever Ball Handlers Mai’s opinion of the Ohio State machine is full of respect for the power and ruggedness that has skyrocketed the Buckeyes into national prominence in a few short weeks. Especially so the baokfield, which he describes as “big rangy men who are clever hall handlers, and who laiow how to block.” One of the outstanding teams in the Big Ten, the Buckeyes feature a diversified attack that is centeied around a single wingback foimation from
Dr Paul A Risk Dr Luther A Risk Dr Harold J Risk —- DENTISTS — 400-404 Schutz Bldg.
4th and Main St.
Lafayette
- W.iLA'FAYET'TE J
LATEST BOOKS - BEST AUTHORS 3c PER DAY '- lOc M1N,1MUM
LODK FOR THIS SIGN
IT MEANS QUALITY AT L0WER.4f>RICES John Sperb Hdwe. 822-24 Main St.
which originates a series *f trfchY single and double reversetl as weB as ^d around plays. Referring again to Ms fawnifet subject, the team’s bloekiaig, £I« ward remarked, “Although the blocking against Pitt wassmeh improved, it will have to improv'o 100 per cent if we are expected to atop the power thrusts of the Ohio Stgte squad.” Wh«i Mai taOcs about a team in that manner, yon can Set your bottom dollar that the team is a dangerous foe. New Spirit Charley lErlich, regularly operating at the right guard position but moved to the left guard spot for the Pitt game, made an impression on the coaches by virtue of his fine defensive play. Needless to say, the sophomore backs were the answer to a coach’s prayer, in this case Mai’s, for they injected a new spirit into a Boilermaker attack that spelled go from the very start. ^Kenny Smock was perhaps the most outstanding of the younger players, for his shifty running and accuracy in passing was a constant threat to the Panthers and never really gave them a chance to start rolling, with the exception of their first quarter march. Bob Hajzyk turned in a swell job os field general, and Barry French, Bob Chester and Johnny Andretiefa were all instrumental in the Boilermaker
victory.
Vanify, Fresfimen Attend itial Swifflffling iMeeiing Large turnout'of overi66'Hrdshmen swimmers and 30 varsity men attended an initial get-itogetter meeting of the swimming team last night at 7:30 in the west facultylounge of the Union. The purpose of the meeting was to introduce the fi-osh to the varsity swimmers. Fieddie Herr presented each varsity man by calling out his name as he stood up. Coach Papenguth showed pictures of last year’s Florida trip during Christmas vacation. He also made comments and predictions concerning the coming season. Papenguth stated that although the team was the toughest team ever organized, the schedule was also the toughest ever scheduled. He predicted that, with diligent work, the team should defeat Ohio State and Michigan. kJ.
IKTR4MIIML NEWS
The Intramural Department yesterday released the dates of some of the coming events on its program. The aU-campus cross-coun-try race is s§t for Oct. 21, the ward cross-country race for Oct. 28, and the all-campus walking race for Nov. 4. Intei’fraternity softball is nearing the finals and if good weather continues, the finals should start Thursday. Until last night’s games, there were two undefeated teams, left, Delta Upsilon and Sigma Alpha Mu. The Alpha Gamma Rho’s added themselves to this list last night when in the playoff of a tie game they won, 5-0. Seven teams had only one defeat on their record. Intertraternity Golf Inteifraternity golf competition will end soon when the winner of the Beta Theta Pi-Delta Tau Delta match meets the Theta Tau team in the finals.
Pu?due Exponent The Campus Daily
BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY QF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY COCA-COLA BOTTLING CO., Inc. Phone 4937 Lafayelle, Ind. Cor. 6fh fir Salem.-^1 J
• vtliA iV ^
tm
■ „ \.
Iff
.Simpson-Smith
see it or hear it, the stuff’s still theie Right up there is yoiu chance to see it and heie is where we tell you where to heai it Ginny (oh how we love hei. Ed*s note) leally walks the stiings of youi heait in her latest song hit “I Love You More, Moie Eveiy Day ” This is anothei one of “those” songs that you have to heai again and again aftei you’ve heard it once Kay Kysei, the guy whose name the lec
YWCA Delegates To Attend Conference AtDePauwOct. 10-11
Today On WBAA
Newmftn Club i DiscusBion meetltiK Tueaday, Oct 7, at 7:80 p m in room 807 of the Ufiion and Wedneaday at 7 30 m loom 806 Topic Will be ‘ Catholic IdealO in Matriage ” —BUERGLER PI Tan Sigma- Pledge meeting Friday, October 10 at 4 p m in the reading room of the Mechanical Engineering Building
—GLOOR
YWCA delegates fiom the Univeisity will tiavel to DePauw uni-
“How Good Aie Women Driv- oid"is’unde*!7cmtamly"doesn’t dis- ^ YWA
fers V’ An attempt will be made to this little bit of vocal
answer that question at a discus- h,s smooth backgiound conference Delegates and m be Sion to be held over station WBBM will also be present from Indiana, this afternoon at 3 15 p m in con- g^t aftei all, that’s only one of ^"7®^ DePauw, Hanov^, D^ansnection with the National Safety tiei new lecoidings, anothei ville, Manchestei, Earlham, I
10 00—News
10 10—Curio Man
10 15—Music
10 30—WBAA Presents 10 46—Theatre of Song
11 00—“Newspapei and Maga
Congress Exposition cuiiently held that ranks almost as good is “Knee- Oakland City, and Ball
in Chicago Lorraine Hall, whose staidust” The “Old Pro-
“Every Woman’s Woild” is legu fegsoi” helps Ginny out on this one DePauw Rount Table larly broadcast at this time, will too^ and his music is as soft as spun ^ round table, composed of Presinterview W^ Graham Cole, Direc- glass He uses his soprano sax for ^dent Clyde E Wildman of DePauw, tor of Safety of the Metropolitan ^ ^t’s really good, but that Jerome Hixson, Dr Vernon Life Insurance Company doesn’t concern the topic, Ginny Dyke and Dean E R Bartlett WMAO - avo- NBC Simms She’s got a lilt (ever so DePauw faculty, will start “The March of Time’ is coming slight) in her voice that puts her off the program at the opening ses-
sion Friday with a discussion of “The Role of the University in the
World Today”
Saturday’s prograral will consist of group conferences carrying on the theme of the meeting, “The Wise World Today” Subjects for the foul discussions will concern marriage, vocation, religion and mi noiities Cabinet training courses will be offered for chairmen of fi nance, social service, worship, ad visors, program, membership, music and publicity of the various lo-
cal organizations Arrangements
Ruth Newton of Purdue is area chairman of the YWCA, and Har-j nett Hazinski of DePauw is area counsellor Local arrangements for the conference arc being handled by Billie Rothenbuiger of Indianap-
olis
Registration for the meeting will open Friday afternoon, October 10, at 3, rn Gobm Memorial Church w g h
zine Writing” with Prof. Building
Hugh McKee
11 60—Purdue News 12 00—Agricultural Forum 12 16—Meet the Band 12 46—(Flexible for Special
Events)
1 00—“Urban Sociology” with Prof T K Noss
Dr. Rose Will Lecture Coeds On Foot Disease
I
Due to the prevalence of foot ills among the freshman coeds, the de-
partment of physical education for ^he Exponent office —traugott
women has instituted a program of two instructional lectures on the subject, to be presented tomorrow
at 4 pm and Friday, October 10, ^wXfliT O^Sblr at 3 p m m the lecture room of the 8 at G p m
AWS Executlvo Board: Mdet Wednesday, October 8 at 8 p m in the AWS office '
—McOUELOUGH
Student Senate- Senior hoard meetintf in
“ • -let ! ■ ■
u
senate office Thursday Octobei
9 at 4 p m
-DIDOS
Siema Delta Chi Pledges meeting Thursday October 9
ten minute
at 4 p m
Scabbard and Blade Meeting Wednesday, October 8 in room 304 in the Union
—SULLIVAN
ASCE Meeting Thursday, October 9. at 7 30 P m in the lecture room of the Michael Golden Shops -TRUITT Ag Education Society Meeting Thursday, October 9 at 7 80 p m in room 308 of the Union —CONRAD AIEE Oiticeis meeting In reading room of the Electucnl Engineering Building Wednesday October 8 at 4 p m —ROBBINS Playshop Lab Group BUR crew heads report to the Gieen Room Wednesdayi October 8 at 4 p m for a short but important meeting —SiDWELL Reamer Club Actives and pledges leave coupons for Iowa and Michigan State games in my box m Exponent office as soon as possible —RUFFNER
* - UL Lue uiiiuu «i, 4 15 p m Wednesday 001:0 Cheer Leaders There will be a meeting students emolled m physical edu- fiM." mZho^^ Wednesday at^^^pm
cation classes
The speaker will be Di
Please try to attend
—JOHNSON
According to Piofessor Helen J.m WaUey ThumdaT
at the Bureau office Be there I
—SHORNSTEIN
Hazelton, head of the department, October 9
attendance at one of these lectures
will be compulsoiy for all women offhTun“n‘at
Ginny Simms
back to the air The piogiam that rignt up among the top gal vocaldesigned after the famous movie ists in anybody’s band and you’ll
undeistand why when you heai
“Knee Deep in Staidust ”
Some time ago, as you piobably lemember, Ginny staited recoiding on hei own, but it’s been some time since we’ve seen any of those disks aiound But to get to the point, she’s done anothei one and it’s “Kiss the Boys Goodby ” This numbei was on a rapid use before she took hold of it, so now it should leally
sky locket
It’s been almost a week now since
1 46—Markets 2 00—A Story a Day 2 16—June Eller 2 30—Moods in Music—Mis C W Hemmer 3 00—News 3 10—Music 3 16—Special Musical Progiams" 3 30—Organ Moods 4 00-—Tea Time Tunes 4 30—Puidne Bands 4 45—Little Miss Muffett 5 00—Just Relax 5 30—Vespeis 5 46—Curio Man 6 50—News 6 00—Dinner Music 6 30—Sports h 46—Melody Maids 7 00—Symphony Hall 8 00—What’s Art To Me 8 15—Marching Along 8 30—Eventide Echoes 8 45—Fiom the Pi css Box 9 00—Iiv Given’s Band 9 30—Music 9 60—News 10 00—Off the All "June Ellei—pianist alteinating with Afternoon Melodies
Bertha
Rose, of the student health service, and all othei women students, not in the above category, as well as heads of lesident gioups, are invited to be piesent at the discussions 1 m s
Notices
C E 41 (Hydraulics) An examination ft r the rtmovi 1 < C G and I grades will be held frtm 1 to 4 p m Satnday October 11 in room 12, IIoa\ilon Hall Permission to I ikt the oxainin ition must be obtained from the undeibigncd pri< r *•' Modern Dance 11 icl ers will bo held on Mindly Wc In sday ml Fiiday at 4 and on iucsdiy at i n\ the gym —SLRBAN Senior Mechanical rnginecrs Those plan 111 t) use Ui IV Tbity 1 laeement Service ar cxiKitcd 1 itlcnd one (t the follow 1 ig me ting in 1 (m 207 of th Mtehan ical 1 ngincciim Building it 1 p m on lues day October < or Wednesday ^
Novice Pistol
in th tl In’
Ju lay Oct 21 ply loom of the
Lxponent Freshmen New m(n are as ign 1 to w ik IS follows Waring and Ciof le We Inesd y —RUIbNEK Flying Club Theio will be a regular meeting for all members at 7 30 p m on Wc li cs 1IV Oct bei 8 in loom 307 of th
Unj n
—HABICHT
St 1 nts desiring to fire ’ ee 1 istol gr up starting may sign up in the sup aimoiy now —BROWN
shorts will be heaid over NBC B beginning tomoriow at 7 p m This
js worth listening to.
WON . 720 MBS
“Penthouse Paity” will make its radio debut this evening at 8 30 over the NBC B network This spaikling progiam stais Ilka Chase m one of the most sophisticated shows ever to hit the an waves The fiist guest will be Ray Bolgei, the famous dancei, and John Buckmas-
Farm Management Students To Attend Picnic Tomorrow Annual faim management picnic will be held tomoriow night at 4 30, at the Dean’s pastuie located on the University faim Besides a picnic supper the progiam will include stunts, games, a shoit piogram and
Classified Ads
Lost Tiench coat lost at Kappa Camma house Friday Rod plait lining Notify Car oline Haineb W R H North
WAA Got )
No council
meeting Thursday —PIDGEON
WAA Hockey practices every Monday Wc Incsday ii 1 I i iday at 4 p m Six piacticLS rc iiiii d for team eligibility 11 ic lb still time to make the team (10 7) —HARRISON AIMF Meeting Ihiir day Oct 9 in room 203 of the Union at 7 30 p -m Gleet on of t e isiirei Bring dues —STARKEY
tei For a face lifting, listen to ^ leeord, so when you a geneial get acquainted party
“Penthouse Party ”
WLS - 890 - NBC
Man, ain’t that sumthin’ ’ If you
go down to look ovei some this afternoon, don’t forget Ginny Simms fqi some really “hmmmm” music
Max Greer To Play At DU Pledge Dance
Senate Will Hold Callout Tomorrow For Sophomore Help student Senate will hold a callout in the Senate office tomoiiow afternoon at 4 15 foi all sophomoies inteiested in Senate woik According
to President Dick Dibos, the senior fuunsh nmsic foi the dance
All fieshmen agiicultuial stu dents, farm management staff menibeis and students majoiing in farm management aie uiged to attend, get acquainted with each othei and take part in the piogram which has been ai ranged Tickets are twenty five cents and may be purchased fiom class lepresentatives
Delta Upsilon, social fiaternity, oi faim management instructors will hold a Pledge Dance Saturday, In ease of bad weather the picnic
Oct 11 at the house This dance is given in honor of the pledges, who will receive one bid each foi others
outside the house
Greer Music
Max Gieer, who played for the Senibi Cord Dance, and his band
Typewriters—Adding machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mim eofe,iaph and multigraph work done C J Lbeishoff 606 Main Phone 2779 Lafayette Wanted student to care for furnace for room 627 State St W Lafayette Money to Loan on anything of val le Albert s I oan Office Pawnbrokers and Jewelrs 407 Columbia St Paper Towels TYio "amous Nilroc—buy these for your washroom and kitchen— cabinets free Paper napkins toilet papers Phone 828 Lafayette Printing Co Student Earn extra money in y nn spare time No waiting for commissi ins See Gordon Bootner Olan Mills Studio ii*!
State St
Gilder Club Oct ) it 7 1 Ui n All le^^ urg I t) atL nd
Open meeting Thursday m in room 301 of the membeib and applicants —CAFFEC
Phi I ambda Upsilon W F Voglei will SI t ik xi the mceliri} Ihuiblny Oct J in I im 101 of the Chemistry builhng Key in 1 hinglos are here —BRANNER Lutheran Student Arc urged to attend levoti 1 al u d di cussi n meeting Wednes day Oct 8 at < 10 p m in room 103 (f the Union —ANTAL Tau Beta Pi Flection of membeis at 30 p m Wc li esday Oet 8 in room 212 fC the Union Impoitant that all mimbcrs ittend —MUNGER
How to sell your sorority to the rushces:
A lasting impression on rushees from the beginning of rush to the end is the goal to bo strived for by oil sororities Beautiful bouquets on the table le^ve on oir of worm formality Order your flowers from Clark's right now and be assured of quick service ond c|uolity in Clark's flowers QLahk, J'LohjoL
527 Main St.
Phone 8451
Alpha 7eta Very Tl uisd ly at 10 j n Uni n 1 lea e d n t mi*-
imp iitant meeting n Room 26 f th s —SWAIM
will be held m the judging pavilion Health Service Daily Report
board and officers of the organization will be there to explain the functions and duties of woikers
Eligible For Junior Jobs
Sophomores working for the Sen
This band, foimerly Waipy Waterfall’s has developed a new style
Since Saturday S M Katz, jun-
which IS said to be unique in the lor mechanical engineer, and E L middle west The band featuies a Karpick, sophomore electrical engi trio of singeis, composed of Nancy neei, entered St Elizabeth Hospit
ate will be eligible, together with Hull, Jim Houston and Otto Ellis al for nredical treatment, J R Parthe eight elected sophomore repre- Secret Theme sons, junior mechanical engineer, sentatives, for positions on the jun- The theme for the dance is being ^ Kolbei, junior mechani 101 board next year held a dark secret as the actives are engineer, entered St Elizabeth Committees upon which the vai- making complete preparations for Hospital lor surgical treatment lous workers may work include fhe the dance According to Bob Hen- Dast Friday John Chinewicz, following lost and found depart- derson, social chairman, there will Deshnmn physical education,
ment, editing of the University be a door prize given to one of the ^ ^ Handbook, publication of the final couples attending the dance Don,
exam bookleis, handling of the proposed faculty rating sheets, gen eral publicity and student elections, such as Green Peppers, Gala Week committee, Junior Piom committee, and Senate repiesentatives, and the personnel and student oigamza tions’ constitutions committee f i j Knapp Will Lecture Before Camera Club Tomorrow At 7:30 Camera Club will hold its leg ulai meeting tomorrow evening at 7 30 p m in the Towei Room oi the Union Building Scheduled foi the occasion is a lectuie on “Accessories for the Miniature and Movie Caffieras ” to be delivei ed by Dean W A Knapp of the Engineeiing schools Dean Knapp will bung along a select number of gadgets and ac ccs'-oiies from his huge peisonal collection with which to supplement his discussion, and any queues as to then use vill he answered at that time Also included on the progiam will he a discussion of the lulcs and reg ulations foi the foithcoming fall exhibit, by George Towle, president oi the club For this reason mem btis aie uigtd to be present to learn and undci stand them The meeting is also open to the public, and all those inteiested m photography aie invited to attend
l.m.8.
and
Gantz, junior physical educa were discharged from St Elizabeth Hospital after receiving medical tieatment, Aithui Shapiro, freshman engineer, and Anne Van Hook, sophomore science, were dis
^ charged fiom Home Hospital after F House oi Dayton, has gone to receiving medical tieatment
Bonita House
daughter of Mr and Mis 0
Last Sunday J J Barrow, fresh man engineer, R K Gast, junior
Cook County Hospital in Chicago, to take a position as assistant
theieapeutic dietitian She was a mechanrearengineeiT J Vstershak, membei of Alpha Chi Omega, Al i^eshman engmeei, and Frances pha Lambda Delta, Omicion Nu Jones, senior Home economics, were
and a distinguished student here
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
discharged from St Elizabeth Hos pital after receiving medical treat ment
Sweet Cream Donuts from the
T SHOP
623 Main St. Phone 46743
Comfort and Security Away from Home HOTEL FOWLER Blue Blazer Tap Room 'Walnut Room Cafe Air Conditioned 4th and Ferry Sts. Lafayette
SDMETHIIVG FREE!! Yes, Students you get something FREE every time you read the PiirdiiB Exponent
You get free speeeli, free opinion— these that loriii llie bulwark of freedom for wbieh we Aiiierieaii students stand. The Exponent has always and always shall stand, in every battle for the protection of spidenl rights, student opinion, and student thought.
YOFR NFiWSPAPER deserves your support now, though whatever the situation the future may bring. “Oil the Flout Pages * of America lies the first line of defense for the demoeratie way of life.” STAND BY YOUK NEWSPAPER
r"