’* ' / ' ‘ r ^ r '- / ■: L < '</■ ff ^
Exchange Off«rtU$e4 Book Bbrgaint Today
Volume 53a No. 3
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, September lOr tS41
Book Exchange Begins Selling Today At 10
Non-Profit Organization Plans For Larger Turnover This Fall Selling of used books for first semester courses will begin today at 10 a. m. in the south ballroom of the Union, headquarters of the eighth annual student Book Exchange. The exchange has been receiving books since Monday. Used books for practically all University courses as well as complete book lists may be obtained in the south ballroom. Books will be received from 10
a. m. to 8 p. m. daily until Saturday, September 13, when the buying stops. (Selling, however, will continue until Friday, September 19, and the exchange will start paying students the last of next week for books sold. Students bringing books to the exchange set their own prices up to 76 percent of the list value of the book. In connection with this, the Union asks that anyone who has set prices of greater than 75 percent of list price on their books come in and lower the price because such books are unsaleable. No Obsolete Books Only first semester books will be accepted and no new or out of date issues can be taken in. All the workers ate volunteer Union and Student Senate ^members who make this non-profit system of book ex-
Notice More volunteers are still needed for work in the book exchange. All interested be in south ballroom by 9 a. m. today.
changing possible. Thus students may obtain used books at the lowest possible price. Last year at this time the largest turnover in the history of the book exchange was experienced as ninety seven percent of the 2,243 books received were sold with total cash recepits amounting to $3,724.23. This represented an estimated saving of $1,125 to the student body. Large Turnover Expected This year, as more and more students find that the book exchange is the place where books sell for the most and are bought the cheapest, an even larger turnover is expected. d.b. Former Students Enrolled In 'Flying Boilrmakers' Three former students of the University are now on the rolls of the newly formed “Flying Boilermakers” unit of the U. S. Naval Reserve. The men are B. A. Granstrom, J. C. Ely, and R. T. Ewing. Stationed now at the Naval Reserve Aviation base at Glenview, Illinois, they are finishing their preliminary training. From Glenview, the members of the unit will be sent to Coipus Christi, Texas, Pensacola, Fla., or Jacksonville, Fla., for advanced training, s.b.w.
New Device Analyzes Safety Of Highways, Obedience To Laws Motorists’ reaction to highway hazards and signs is determined by a new device developed at the University by A. K. Branham. It is hoped that the instrument will measure the effectiveness of road signs, safe speeds on curves and obedience to speed laws. The new device, called a “photo velaxometer,” is really a speed and acceleration recorder. Eight road contacts, placed 100 feet apart, operate stroboton lights within the instrument. The lights flash on a clock calibrated to the 1-100 of a second and are recorded on film. Operators can determine speed and acceleration of an automobile at each 100-foot interval for 800 feet. The recorder was recently demonstrated at a joint meeting of the Indiana highway commission and the advisory board of the joint highway research board, k.r.
All freshmen engineering and science men have been assigned to faculty advisors and senior counselors, according to an announcement by the personnel depaitment. The counseling program, which is similar to that carried dut in previous years, has as its function the aiding of new students in orienting themselves in their new enviionment, piivileges and duties. In contrast to other years, however, the personn^ department plans to extend and 'increase the practicability of t*he plan in order to increase the number of faculty-stu-dent contacts and enlarge the benefits to the student. Faculty advisors will invite the students assigned to them to group meetings in the near future. All freshmen aie urged to take full advantage of the program through attendance at these meetings and frequent subsequent contacts with their respective faculty advisors and senior counselors.
CPT Pilofs Course Continues Through Coming Semester Quota Of 30 Students Set For Primary Class Civilian pilot training program, sponsored by the Civil Aeronautics Authority, will continue during the coming semester, it was announced by Director G. S. Meikle, airport executive. Interested students may apply for the course today at registration. R. L. Dickinson, of the mechanical engineering staff, will be in chafge of the registration desk for the CPTP. Director Meikle pointed out that students who do not make application during the registration period will have an opportunity to do so at his office in the executive building, but emphasized the necessity for haste on the part of students who wish to be considered. Students who apply for training must submit to a local medical and psychological test. Final selectees must also qualify scholastically. Director Meikle announced that the University has been allotted a total of thirty students in the primary course, ten in the secondary course, and an unassigned number in the cross-country and finishing courses. Fees for the primary course will total $23.^0, including a $10 registration fee, $7.20 insurance fee, and $6.00 medical fee. For the secondary^ the total will be $31.60, with a medical fee of $12.00 and an insurance fee of $9.60. r.e.f. y YWCA To Entertain Tomorrow In Union Informality will be the keynote of the YWCA “Saddle Shoe Tea” for all coeds in the faculty lounge of the. Union at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon. Counselors and counselees are particularly urged to attend this tea, which will offer them an opportunity to meet the YWCA officers and the faculty wives and townswomen who are active in the organization. New members may register at this time. Refreshments will consist of cokes and pretzels. Jane Julin is in charge of the arrangements. Senior Women , . . . may order their corduroy jackets at the armory until 3 o’clock this afternoon. This year the jackets are beige in color, and are semifitted. The price is four dollars.
423 Students Repeive ^Distinguished^ Ranking
During the second semester of the last year, a total of 423 university students were rated as “dis tinguished.” This number included 102 members each of the freshmen and sophomore classes, 110 juniors and 109 seniors. Three of t|ri^ number made perfect scores, 6.50 for the period. Those with perfect scores for the semester were Stanley G. Davis, West Lafayette, sophomore in the School of Science; Arthur A. Harban, a junior chemical engineering student from Oak Park, 111., and Arthur Karlar, Mishawaka, a junior in the School of Science. F. K. Levin, Sci; Ellen Searight, Sci, and G. F. Topinka, ME, were students who missed making perfect scores by only a few points. Fifteen oth^r students made an index above six point. They were^ Dorothy Apostle, Sci; Beth Ludberg, Sci; B. W. Growl, Ag; W. J. Frantz, EE; R. E. Sprague, EE; T. Youngblood, EE; W. K. Burnside, ME; E. E. Deiser, ME; W. G. Koerner, ME; Mary Thomas, Sci; A. Bock, ChE; W. J. Borns, ChE; Rosemary Anderson, HE; P. E. Reese, ChE, and E. J. Drazy, EE. The following students n^aintained averages of 6.00 or better: FRESHMEN AGRICULTURE Floyd Bass, Jr., Dale Everett Butz, Jack Payne Comer, James Ellsworth Dill, Nathan Ellington Greear, Jr., Ralph Edward Howes, Howard Roland Marvel, George Dewey Ramsey, Frank Edward Skinner, Robert David Stormont, Harold Stephen Wann. ENGINEERING Robert Douglas Allemang, Kenneth Leroy Baker, Keith Richafd Brown, Max William Carbon, Arthur Davidson, William ^Henry Ebling, Irving Abraham Edelstein, Quentin James Evans, James Avery Gentles, Oakley Junior Gordon, Paul Joseph Grogan, Richard Lloyd Hayes, Pete Fredrick Hohnhaus, David Charles Hyde. Max Joseph Jasol, Floyd Richard
Meet Your Campus Activities Three Staffs Publish Exponent Daily
Editor’H note: Thia is the first in a scries of tyticles cxplaininp: the woik done by the vuriQUb campus activities. Others will follow at regular intervals. By Ed Kieper Regular Exponent work is divided into thiee classes corresponding with the paper’s thiee staffs; editorial or news wilting, business and spoits. In addition, students and faculty are free to contribute to both gossip columns and letters to the editor. Other organizations having stories with news value are welcome to submit them at any time. Such stories, together with the name and phond number of the person reporting them can be left at any time in the Exponent box at the west desk of the Union. Stories may also be brought in personally to the Exponent office in the basement of the Union between 4 and 6 o’clock any afternoon except Sunday. Frosh, Sophomores Work All of the staffs have freshmen and sophomore woHcers. This week is the time for sophomore workers to come out if they expect to try for
junior position in the spring. Freshmen gain valuable experience if they come out as soon as possible. Previous experience in journalism or newspaper work is not essential. The Exponent will conduct a school to train new workers in the near future. The major requirements for the job being a sense of humor, an voccasional original idea, dependability, and a reasonable gmount of intelligence. Workers on the editorial staff rewrite releases frqpi publicity agents, cover meetings, convocations and other campus events, write heads for stories, read galley proofs after the type is set and assist the junior editors in any way possible. Coed Positions Coeds on the editorial staff handle stories dealing with coed activities such as teas/ the AWS and the WAA. During their junior year, they handle the copy desk Workers on the business staff engage in either of two types of work. They may work on the Exponent’s accounts (bookkeeping, etc.) or
they may work with the advertising depaitment and draw up and sell advertising. The ppoits staff has its headquarters in the Fieldhouse where the major portion of their work takes place. The staff covers all of the sporting events at which the University has teams competing. When the teams travel, part of the staff goes with the team to cover the games first hand. At irregular intervals, the spoits staff takes charge of putting out the paper in place of the editorial staff. In addi^n, the paper has a circulation staff which handles complaints, sees that the paper is delivered to subscribers, and sells subscriptions. Those desiring to work on the editorial staff should contact Lee Ruffner; those dn the business sfaff either Dick Saxton or K. K. Gjemie. These men can usually be reached in the Exponent office in the Union between 4 and 6:30 o’clock. Those desii ing to work on the sports staff should contact Phil Johnson at the Exponent office in the Fieldhouse.
Drama Organization Issues Last Callout For Crew Workers Last callouts for this semester’s various Playshop activities will be held today at 4 and 7 p. m. on the second floor of Fowler Hall. Playshop •still lacks crew members for stage, lights, make-up, properties, costumes, business, advertising, and publicity as well as students who wish to act. Working on Playsbov productions, in addition ro broadening social contacts, provides students w}th an opportunity to join Purdue Players and Theta Alpha Phi, national dramatic honorary. Season Schedule Scheduled for the 1941-42 season are the plays: “Three Mpn on a Horse,” “Beyond the Horizon,” “The Petrified Forest,” and “The Male Animal,” all of which have been proved extremely popular on the legitimate stage. Playshop tickets for the coming year wrll be on sale at the armory during registration ajrd at Fowler Hall throughout the year. As an added convenience to purchasers, Playshop representatives will visit the various houses on campus with tickets for sale. The prices are $1.25 for the season, or 76c for a single admission, l.s. • Exponent Staff All members of, the junior and sophomore staffs are to* turn their schedules and work preferences to me as soon as they have completed registration. Staff for Wednesday, Sept. 10 Kieper, night editor; Ochiltree, as sistant night editor; Brophy, jupior in charge; Eberts, McDonall, Hoskins, Cragmile, Swarts, B. G. Smith, J. D. Smith. —RUFFNER
Kishline, Burton Mixer Kuck, George Kugar, Charjes Benjamin Leffert, Richard DeVere Lerner, Harvey Paul Leventhal, Paul Hurd Macqueene, William Lawrence Mason, Morris Louis Miller, Burnard Eugene Nicholson, Arthur Edward Peltosalo, Robert Elias Pendley, Carter Everett Porter. Joseph William Purman, Walter Edward Rafert, Allan Eastman Reynolds, Kenneth Gerard Roquemore, Dan Conner Ross, Max Sacks, Karl Schurr, Morty Schussler, Joseph Edward Schwager, Arthur Hugh Seddort, Jr., Byers Granville Smith, Wilbur Allen Spraker, Jr., Don Richard Sutherland, Robert C. Thompson. Lawrence W’dliam Thrasher, Irwin Slack Ulrich, Richard Alfred Wallace, John Willard Watt, Edward Pomeioy Wells, Jr., Henry John Wilkens, Robert Albert Winslow, William Rodger Wuestenfeld, James Earl Yingst. HOME ECONOMjeS Mary Carol Antenen, Sally Rose Beall, Geraldine Bryant, Cora Alice Cooley, Mary Louise Egap, Dana Mae Johnson, Mary Jean Lauer, Marian Charline Siegler, Lois Veit, Margaret Louise Young. PHARMACY Edward George Fingl,-'* Emily Lloyd, Norman Wright Merrick, Robert Lloyd Parker. SCIENCE Sehickrey Anton, Dorothy Theony Apostle, Lois Jane Baugher, Iva Gayle Beeswy, Roger Bissonnette, Charles Edward Bosma, Maithena Grace DuBois, Marjorie Jane Dunbar, Bonnie Felder, Dona Marie Irion, Mary Edith Kohl, Carolyn Jeanne Klewin^ Franklyn Kussel Levin, Beth Louise Ludberg, Ruth Elizabeth McClain. Virginia Lee MacDonald, Fiances Catherine Mellpn, Mary Fellows Odell, Dorothy Jane Ragsdale, Virginia Florence Rapp, Ellen Searight, Davis Maxwell Shryver, Bertrand Wintringham Squier, Jr., Dorothy Ann Steck, Martha Louise Stewart, Carolyn Rose Wood. SOPHOMORES AGRICULTURE James Rupel Abernethy, Othmar Joseph Burger, Robert Kennington Chowning, Ruppert Edward Clark, Blaine W. Crowl, Howard Gustav Diesslin, Robeit Curtis Edwards, Carl Vance Feaster, Robert Calvin Jones, Richard Louis Kohls, Russell Powell, Lloyd Wilson Toney. CHEMICAL ENGINEERING Thomas Harvey Curry, David Austin Fiost, Donald Otto Henriksen, Alfred William Hubert, Donald Waltei Meier, Harvie Martin Merlill, Randall Tolman Murrill, Jr., Arthur F. (|u Faur Pier, Robert James Vism, William Charles
Walker.
(Continued on page 2) 43,551 Visitors Attend Conferences Here During the year ending June 30, a record-breaking total of 43,661 persons visited the University cam pus to attend vaiious conferences, according to a recent compilation of legistration figuies. The conferences weie mainly of a specialized soit, including agricultuie, engineeiing, education, athlettcs, music, business, management, and other
activities.
The largest attendance was at the annual agiiciiltural conference, which attracted 8,809 farmers and farm homemakers from all over the state. The next two hugest were the annual Hoiticultural Show and the 4-H Club Round-Up, with 6,000 and 2,300 attendance respectively Other popular conferences weie Swine Day, National Rural Forum Feminine Futuies’ Vocational Conference, Road School, Teachers’ In stitute, Canners’ Conference, Egg and Chick Show, and Foremen’s In stitute, making a total of 88 con ferences altogether.
Thomas J. Watson To Deliver Speech Tonight at 7:30 o’clock the 1941-’42 school year will be opened officially with a “Vim, Vision, and Victory” convocation for the entire student body in the Hall of Music. President Edward C. Elliott will act as master of ceremonies for the occasion. Principal speaker at this year’s “V” convo, modeled after last fall’s “Fitness” program, will be Thomas J. Watson, presiflent of the International Business Machine Corporation, who will discuss “Opportunity.” Talks by Dr. Elliott and various campus leaders and music by the University Symphonic Band and the Concert Choir will comprise the evening’s entertainment.
Dr. S.J. Miller Gives Luncheon In Honor }f Medical Helpers E. C. Ellioft Discusses Importance of Health Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the Student Health Service, gave a luncheon yegterday noon in the east faculty lounge of the Union for the doctors and nurses who are assisting him with the freshman physical examinations. President E. C. Elliott, the principal speaker^ discussed the importance of good health on the part of the student body. He cited experiences from his own student days and he decribed health as the basis of any successful career. Other talks were given by Dr. Bertha Rose of the Health Sehvice and Miss Marion Russell of the Physical Education for Women
staff.
Four army doctors are included in the group assisting Dr. Miller. Captain R. 0. W. Miracle, of the medical corps at Ft. Harrison in Indianapolis, was their spokesman at the luncheopJJthers in the group are thiee lieutenants: Dr. H. K. Dillard, Ft. Harrison; Dr. R. H. Hoisman, Ft. Harrison; and Dr. H. F. Wherley, Ft. Hayes, Ohio. Several local doctors, dentists, and nurses are also engaged in the examination work covering all entering freshman men and coeds. ‘According to actual figures releasd by t)r. Miller, these assistants are completing the work at the rate of 85 persons an hour, f.i.j. Coed Hours Coed hours for tonight are 12 o’clock. Tomorrow night regular hours will begin. Freshman coeds will have 7 o’clock hours and upperclass women 11 o’clock hours from Monday through Thursday nights. All coeds have 1 o’clock hohrs on Friday and Saturday nights and 11 o’clock hours on Sunday nights.
The program will open with the playing of Herbert’s “March of the Brave” by the Symphonic Band, fo^. lowed by “Batk to Old Purdue” sung by the University Choir and the audience. Dick DeGarmo, head yell leader, will then lead the audience through various University yells. Elliott To Speak Upon completion of this preliminary “pep” part of the program. Dr. Elliott will give a short talk. He will then introduce the following who will each give short welcoming speeches: Roscoe Starek, president of the Student Union; Richard Dibos, president of the Student Senate; Agnes McCulloch, president of Associated Women Students; Mal Elward, athletic director and head football coach; and David E. Ross, president of the Board of trustees. , “Intermezzo” by Provost will next be played by the band, after which the Concert Choir will sing Charles’ “Let My Song Fill Your Heart.” Watson Is Principal Speaker Following the main talk of the evening by Watson, the audience will sing “For the Honor of Old Purdue”; Dr. Elliott will present the Munro^ Trophy, awarded annually for top fraternity scholarship; and the band will close the program by playing “America” and “Hail to Purdue,” in which the choir and audience will join. fj.j. Freshman Women Attend AWS Picnic In South Hall AWS picnic for freshnlen and transfer women which was to be held on the lawn of WRH south at 5 o’clock last night was moved to the basement of that hall because of rain. The program was carried out as planned, however, with a supper served from iron kettles by cowboy waiters. Dinner music was furnished by a three-piece cowboy band, followed by singing which was led by Al Stewart. Tickets for the picnic were in the form of neckerchiefs priiited with the University seal. Virginia Lee MacDonald made arrangements for the program, and Ruth Frier was in charge of publicity and tickets. l.s.
How Upperclassmen Can Spot Freshmen Without Their 'Pots'
By Bob Boswinkle Listen in, freshmen, while you get told of your distinguishing chaiacteiistics. (That isn’t something to eat). To begin with, a freshman always looks around before cutting acioss the grass. Of course, loyal Boileimakers don’t ti ample the blades— that cop that hangs around the chem annex has something to do with it. But looking around before committing the act is as bad as putting your hand over your pocket when you want to protect your dad’s wampum from pocket pluckeis. It’s a dead give-away. All Generals And then the gieen kids aie a bit too free with the hand salute. After the fiist military-class in which the youngsters aie told to salute the officers, they begin extending the courtesy to eveiything in unifoim from the Western Union boys to Doc Miller’s white-imiformed carvers. And that’s lunning thiough the whole flibt. ' A bit of convex satipn with the person in doubt can determine whether the questionable one is &
freshman. If the doubtful one is a freshman of male’sex, he will not be long in asking whether that rumor about the ratio is actually true. If said person is a ihinie of female gender, she will instantly exclaim that this school is certainly a good place to find a man. She makes this bold statement, of course, before she has had a chance to appx'aise the merits of the gi ease-monkeys and the hayshakers that inhabit the campus. Can Fool “Doc” The good doctors in the health sex vice \’an easily tell freshmen. They axe the ones who come in for thxoat gargle in a season when colds axo xare. Fxeshmen, i*seeras, can’t resist a puff at the traditional pipe of Joe College, and the nasty nicotine irritates their throats. In closing, we leave this thoughts A freshman co-ed is one who really believes that old one about the transpoits out at the airport; and a fxeshnxan ed is one who thinhs there is a football game every nigitl in the stadium because he sees c<w4« , pies going out th^ere. ^/
Wednesday# Sej^ember 10> 1941
141
if-
Ln
Entered'is second Class niatt<lr nt the past olTico iri Lafayette Indians under the act of Congress of March 3 1379 and at the snecisi rate of postage provided foi in section 1103 act of October 8 1917, authirized lanuarj 20 1022 Published daily except Monday dunne the rcpiilar acadiniic year and weekly dur initt the Summer Session Deliver d locally by carrier for 33 50 year, mail subscriptions $4 00
EdBtob-iiiisChMf . BditblBosiness Manager
Ntd A Ochiltree John L Traiiprott Don S Powers
Pablication Staff
MaliakiHK Bditor Associate tdifors R. L Hadley P
Lcland W Ruffner T F Amo T H Aimstronp: D T Broihy I Jones E G Kioper
Business Staff
Local Advertisinp Manatrcr K K Gjtmrc R P Saxton Cir culation Manaptr W T Bill Accounts Manaper W D Millard I Co-ed Staff ' Editor Ruth Rose Associate Editors Mary K Boynton Alice Cliatficid
Sports Staff
Editor Phil C Johnson Associate Pditors O T Clark J D I rasir J S Keeler
Phones* Editorial and Business, 4005, Sports 2792, Editorial After 10 P M , 5377 Represented f r nali n 1 ndvcitisinf, by National Adveitisinj; Service Inc Coll i. Pul lish rs Representatives 420 Ma lison Avc New York N Y
Staff For This Issue
Nucht Editor Hadlcj Issue Editor Wolf
Sports Editor Fraser Day Editor Boynton
Workers Clark Keeler DeMars Fischer Butz Boswinklc J D Smith B C Sm th Roiucmore Rafcrt Jones Keipcr Stupendous, Colossal Investigation The most asinine Congressional trick of the yeai is the cm lent investigation of the movie industry by a Senate committee headbd by isolationist Worth Clark The Senate committee seeks to determine
if the movie executives and other members pf the industry are attempting to incite the nation to war against Germani^, It certainly requires' no intelligence tb bb serve that moines of tbe past year has been j^ather crudely anti-German We have seen only one picture in which the propaganda was even remotely subtle. But that is nothing new and we see no reason for spending money to determine the obvious Hollywood has always been crude, and the fact that it is opposed to the Hitler regime, as Wendell Willkie pointed out, dbes not niake it subversive, because about 80 per cent of the resf'uf the country feels the same way. If Hollywood IS trying to get the country into war, then the same reasoning indicts the maiority bf the nation’s newspapers on the same charge. So of course this whole thing IS meaningless exceptj| that it affords a small group of isolationists a chance to spout at
public expense
If Congress wants something genuine to investigate, it might look into the habits 'of the Duke of Tribune Tower The proved Tribune lie last week about British debauches with liquor, food, and champaigne in Washington, charging all to the lend-lease bill, is merely an exaniple of the dishonesty of this man The Tribune and Col McCormick have turned up with too many lies lately for it to be merely' poor journalism This potential American Laval, who hides in his heavilyguarded Tower office, daily prints more hate per square inch than Bert Wheeler could mouth in a complete week Here is a real danger to American ideals, and Congressmen and if they have the guts might do some purposeful investigation J L T
423 Students
(Continue^ #rom page 1)
You Telly our Middle Name,You Wait T o Pay-That's Registration
By DALE BUTZ Some of us registered early, some of us legisteied late and tome of us just registered Nevertheless it IS a sure bet that no matter when we pulled out of the old Armory we were tired disgusted and gen erally hot under the collar. It all begins with a nice long stand in the sun outside the Armory door After pushing and tugging like a football player in order to hold our place, the doors finally open and by the greatest stroke of luck we manage to slip inside before that nasty old dooi keeper slams the door in oui neighbor’s face Boy’ are we lucky That is what we think, but we have not experienced anything yet The Fatal Aisle 'Now we head down the aisle healing our initial and get our as signment card This was pietty easy but now we run into a peck of trouble when we go to our separate schools and try to figure out a
schedule
For some reason or othei, the in stiuctors in chaige simply do not agree to the idea that we should have no classes on Satuiday, and strange it may seem they raise an awful^owl when we try to get out of tlMse ducky eight and one o’clocks Finally, aftei a couple of hours of wrangling, we i each a com promise and settle for a couple of Saturday classes and seveial eight
o’clocks
Checker and Rechecked Now aftei having our schedule checked and rcchccked, we move on to pickup our classcaids Ihings go along very nicely until we tiy to get OUI chemistry class caid By some odd turn of fate our sec tion has beep closed Back we go to fix out anothei schedule and have it okayed and checked this time oui tempeiature is up to about 100 in the shade, but we arc breathing easier because it looks like wc ai e all set now Then picking up our classcaids and having them checked, wc pass down a iow of tables whcie they give us eveiything from a lailioad ticket to a diatt card to fill out After lunnig home to find out what our addiess and telephone numhei are, we automatically fill out the many blanks piovided
Row Upon Row
We now pass on to the next lov of tables We don t know what thej want so ve just hand o\ei ^11 the dope and let the gal take hei pick After fche takes what she wants we_dodge on to the next row where we again hand ovei eveiything and let them take then pick They took eveiything but oui assignment and schedule eaids We decided how evei, that thej knew what thej weie doiiig, because somebody told us that they had legisteied a lew
htuden*ts Cornered
J’ust thing that we know some guy glfHbs our cards and starts to prHjt but name, year and school on a jittie blackboard While we are sjl^l wondering what he is do ing, somebody shoves us into a httlO booth, tells us to put the little blocliliblird ip the slot and presto chango, lye a>^photog^phed before we know it. All that m left now is the slight matter of paying thej lees. After waiting and waiting in
line we finally i each the desk where they figure up the bills After writing out our check and waiting anothei half hour, we reach the cashier and get rid of somebody’s hard earned money We are now in kind of a daze, but somebody shows us to the outside aftei two or thiee deep bieaths we feel able to biave the long walk home Upon reaching home, we embaik on our new schedule by taking that long awaited davenport lab where we dream of that school you can enter without registering
/
-The Ration 3.93' • • • to 1
For the fieshman and otherwise newly ailived people who know nothing of this column, let it be known that this is a name, gossip or any othei kind of a column you might want to call it, and piobably will Contiibutions aie appreciated, so if theie’s a name you want to see in punt send it in Well eveijthing looks natural aiound here doesn’t it’ Everybody seems to be back in spite of the diaft and the defense industry We may have to change the ratio on the head of this column, but that doesn t make a whole lot ot differ
ence
To get dow’n to the purpose of this thing and get some names in heie Noticed Peggy Davis the oth ei day in the shop and she still has Ed Ford’s pm The Cole sisters aie back too, with 01 without then pins, we don’t know, but Loid help the Phi Delts
anyhow
Speaking of the Phi Delts, Bill Jones and Alpha Chi Jo Regnell aie still together, while on the oth ei hand Barbara Hayman and Bill Hosier aie definitely not Nothing suiprising in that, however Caught Theta Xi Bob Hall and Kappa Joan Cooper smooching un del a stieet light the othei night Yep, everything sure does seem nat
uial rBlnd here
Anoner summei romance went phutt yesterday morning when Lolly Zeno gave Bill Stevens’ pm back Numeious people will be lather pleased to hear that they re
noth back in eiieulrtion again
Lamba Chi "Pawnee" Meyers is either tijing to shoot this ratio business to heck oi else he’s get ting awfully helpless, because four gills took him through registia tion Monday Virginia Wright was one of them and tliat tall, beautiful Betty something was another.
What’s going on here, boy’
Heaid a good one the othei day Prex> sent out a bunch ot post eaids this summei asking it wj. weie coming back to school yop know, and one fellow wiote liaek on his, Keep your chin up, Prexy, I’m
coming back ” Fine business
Well, people, lemember what wip
said about eontiibutions
Ihe Salemite estimates that each student in Salem college pay ap
NOTICES
Frosh Campers Call foi lost articles at 227 S Grant street
—GRAVES
Reamer Club All Reamers be at Music Hall Wednesday September 10 at G 50 p m to usher at Victory convo
—EUEFNER
Gimlet Club AH mcmbeis report at the Music Hall Wednesday Scptemi er 10 at 6 oO p m to usher at Victory convo
—JOHNSON
Independent Staff Delayed Dog up now Como in and cheek stories If not e are as signed to you sign voui name at bott m of Dog and you will be called Leave addiess jind telephone numbei —SMULEVITZ Glider Club ImpOitant closed business meetint Thursday September 11 in room 303 of the Union All old membeis b there
—CAEFEE
Varsity Football Meeting for all candi dates Tuesday Septembei J ^t 7 80 p m m room 107 of the Fieldhouse
—ELWARD
Union Building Permanent Assignments Organizations wishii g permanent rooms in the Memorial Union bull ling will submit Written petitions to tb Student Ui ion Boaid before Friday Septembei 19 Plei se state siz of organi/ation and reason for requesting a permanent room
—STAREK
Undergraduate Dames Old member^ meet Thursday evening September 11 a 8 o cloeic with Mrs Dale Uliieh 471 b Giant Street —ULRICH/
hman ir ft2
i nd
Purdue Christian Foundation Fre h banquet will be Held Friday September at the Fust Chiistiin Church bth North Sts The time will bo 6 15 p m Free to Ireshman students Upper eiassmen may purchase tickets from Helen Carey Nt ncy Dawson Phy Thomas Joy W impler c/oige King Paul Carrington or Bob Riggs toi 25 cents —PIGGS Janitors Boys int rested m banquet and cafeteria work plc se meet in the /Union Cafetciia at 4 i m We In sday beptember 10 —PARKHIJRST Book Exchange Control Board There wl_. be a meeting of the Book Exchange'Control Board in the Student Union offite Monday at 4 p m —HEPBURN New and Old Band Members Tfiere will be a reh ar al Wo Inesday aftorndon Sep tember 10 foi all old and new band mem bers at 1 —LT WHYI MAN NYA Students Get your assignm nts t the 1 eisonnil Olfiee m the Administration Building on Wednesd y Septeml r 1( 1 )41
—MUSSER
Mold Railroaders Meeting of Model Railroad Club Satui 1 y Si tender 13 at 1 1 m at layo t louith floor ^E Build 11 g All inter ste 1 le mvite 1 to attend
—DARE
The world’s greatest storehouse of peti oleum infoimation is being assembled at the Univeisity of Tex as m a bbiaiy of diillei s “logs” foi every oil and water w ell Texas
cMl ENGlNEEl^lNG Richard Thomas Ball, Robert Williaih Orr ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING Lewis Luther Bonham, Richaid Elwood Booher, George Robert Coopei, Walter J Frantz, John Raymond Hoffman, Richard Lamoine Jenkins, Byion Louis Parsons, Haily James Reed, Jf, Howard Del■jbeit Shekels, Wilfoid Stephen Shockency, Richard Edgar Sprague, Robeit Allen Tewksbury, James Jo seph Wood, Joe TJhompson Young-
blood
ENGINEERING-LAW Cornelius Callahan, III TRADE AND INDUSTRIAL
EDUCATION
Arthur Joseph McTaggait MECHANICAL ENGINEERING John Heffion Armstrong, Geoig^ Keith Bernhardt, William Keeling Burnside, Elmer Elvin Deiser, Ralph William DeUstei, Pied Theo dole Esenwein, Aithur Lloyd Hubbaid, Chailes Edwaid Kleis, War len Gotheb Koeiner, William H Kuhlman, Jr , Prhncis Len Sin Lau, Charles Banning Lebei, Alonzo Aldiich Neese, Robert Edward Rohteit, Claik Noiman Ross, Noiman Spet nei, Rodney/Waiien Stieed, Wei don Fled Stump, Henry Rene Velk off, Hamsun M Whippo, Ji , Gilbeit Rupert Woltei METALLURGICAL
ENGINEERllSlG
Wilhs/Lee Schalliol HOME ECONOMICS
Jean Ainsworth, Dorothy Ruth Arvidson, Roberta Jean Buechele, Ruth Doris Cohen, Calista Elizabeth Creel, Janeth Browne Dixon, Vivian Marceal Hawk, Roberta Anne Kessler, Carolyn Lenora McCrary, Erdine Jane Merley, Helen Lucille Porter, Geraldine Joy Pugh, Martha Jane Trost, Mary Catherine
Virtue.
PHARMACY George Elsmer Paine, Sister Kathleen Riley, Raymond Edgar Robertson, Phyllis June Scholl, Richard Fred Stettner. SCIENCE Marjorie Ann Bollman, Margie Aloinne Buntain, Alice Chatfield, Stanley Gannaway Davis, Donald Norris Elliott, Gail Murl Hennis, Alvin LeRoy Henry, Marion Howard, Mary Shirley Johnson, Daniel Louis Kline, Doris Stretzel Muth, Theodore Burton Novey, Ogden Ross Pierce, Janet Rossell, Mary Murphy Thomas, Marian Adele Widmer, Charles Richard Wiley. ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING James Lee Covert, Harry Guy Id-
dings Jr.
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING Victor Lehnert Allwardt, George David Hudelson. JUNIORS AGRICULTURE Robert Benjamin Arvidson, Conrad Ernest Begeman, Eugene Harshman Carter, Kenneth August William Frischie, John Elbert Larsen, James Allen Purcell, Arthur Eugene Snyder, Kenneth Ralph Spurgeon, Gustave William Thias, Marion Carroll Topliff, Chester Shulz Vanada. CHEMICAL ENGINEERING Michael Jerry Antal, James Austin Bock, William Joseph Borns, Elmer Joseph Bradbury, Frank Michael Branner, Charles Breedlove, Arley Wilson Byer, William Ardery Campbell, James Stanley Evans, Arthur Alan Harban, Gerald Boyd
Horn.
Robert August Kuntz, Gordon Hale Lovett, Stanley Hiram Munger, Emil George Nasser, Philip Alden Phillips, Walter Henry Stanton, Lloyd Daniel Tschopp. CIVIL ENGINEERING Arthur Aaron Cohen, Laddie
Stahl.
Electrical Engineering /Robert Eond, fjoliftld Wray Chrisman, Gilbert C Dodson, Jr., Harry William Hale, William Hart Hayt, Jr., George William King, Alexander Kusko, William Louis Mraz, Robeit Justin Pearson, Herman Peter Raab, Laban Howell Southmayd, Jr., William Lewis Sullivan, Cecil Everett Williams. HOME ECONOMICS Rosemary Anderson, Cornelia Caldwell, Mary Ann Carpenter, Alice Ruth Collings, Peggy Jane Davis, Barbara Jane Fellows, Marybelle Halstead, Mary Frances Hunter, Mary Kathryn McGaughey, Nancy Sackstedder, Elaine Marie Wellington, Edith Evabell Wildermuth, Cecelia Murray Witty. MECHANICAL ENGINEERING Walter Lowell Clearwaters, Al Duboca Croxall, Francis Marion Fansler, Frederick Williams Herr, Keith Bailey Hocker, Maurice William Hoffman, David Victor Mills, Gerhard Adolf Nothmann, Ned A. Ochiltree, Norman Alvin Shane, Jr., Richard John Thomas, George Frank Topinka, Harold Edward Twietmeyer, William Arthur Wilhams, James Cecil Witty, Frank Joseph Wood, Jr., William Albert Zech. V METALLURGICAL ENGINEERING Samuel Culbertson Clow, Paul Edward Schnedler.
PHARMACY
Glen Keith Watson. PUBLIC SERVICE ENGINEERING Carl George Tafel, Jr,
SCIENCE
William Kenneth Bennett, Edna Janet Berry, George Harold Best, James Allison Bierlein, Opal Genevieve Blagrave, Edward Richard Boedeker, Robert Parnin Brock, Monica Marie Buergler, George Buntin, Willard Lewis Gaulke. Howard Devon Hamilton, John Crow Jarrett, Florence Elizabeth Justin, Arthur Karler, Benjamin Clavin Korshot, William Francis Long, Douglass McDaniel, Stanley Lawience Matthew, Stephen John Pequignot, Eugene Willis Peterson, George Martin Picha, Edward Er-
nest Pickett.
Robeit Reveal, Chestei Fiancis Riegle, Jr., Mary Virginia Schaupp, Charles Jackson Strickler, Junior Wilson Whitney, Roger Griffiith Wilson, Margaret Emma Wirt, Mary
Ellen Wirt.
TRADE AND INDUSTRIAL EDUCATION Woodrow Vance Fitzsimmons, Bernard Anthony Jonas.
SENIORS
AGRLCULTURE Maurice Wayne Adams Mai shall Scott Allman, James Rolhc B1 ick well Timothy Robeit Blossei, Don aid Jesse Cromei, Lariy Beck Hai iis Philip Eijicst Hasslei, Gilbeit Harold Kegerreis, Virgil Robert Knapp, Sidney Benjamin Legg, Louis Joseph Luzar, Raymond Eugene McBride, Robert Payne, George Wilson Reeder, Henry Rudolph Resner, Elmer Willard Shaw. CIVIL ENGINEERING George Rodgers Campbell, Albert Dale Milton Lewis, Lewis Brown McCammon, Clarence Harold Myers. CHILDREN'S DANCING CLASSES OPEN SAT., SEPT 20th Classes Divided According to Age BALLET AND TAP JUNIOR BALLROOM CLASS OPENS SAT , SEPT 20, 7 00 P M PHONE 2150 ALLEN S 6lh and Ferry
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
ai
-I#
ill Luiie^c pay ap
pioximJtely 25 foi each hour “Thdt’b me tiouble With having a high intelligence rating—all bpent m tldbs. I we do ife sit around and brood over problems 1”'
CHEMICAL ENGINEERING , Lloyd George Alexander, Hafiy V/illiam, Andiewseh, Jr, Robert Zeller Bant;ioft,i Harvey Ray Hall, George Robert Jun^eiman, Kenm^th Norman Ketteniirig, JuStin Truman Long, Walter Elbert Moss, FianciS Edward Reese, Fiancis William Theisv Ralph Isaac Williams. ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING Charles Raymond Boll, Blbeit Joseph Drazy, John Fomenko, Noiman Jesse Haiflich, Charles Wendolm Eebei, Fdward Sljeimqn McKee, William Giles Meese, George PiankIm Montgomery, Men ill Reyman Parker, Richard Julian Symonds, Alfied Cleveland Weed, Ji , Vcinon Byion Westbuig, A^ictor August Woodhng, William Gayloid Wright, George Henry Zimmei, Ji HOME ECONOMICS Thelma Mane Bugher, Veral Medalene Clausen, Eleanor Edith Fink, Sally Grace Fiee, Loi« Thaney Heistei, Warene, Maigaiet HooVer, Martha Anne Limpus, Doi othy Carmen Miller, Maiy Edith Monk, Lucille Eileen Osboin, Ruth Iiene Parker, Janet Lillian Pickei mg, Margaiet Ann Terstegge MECHANICAL ENGINEERING Robeit McIntyre Allen, William O’Connell Biadlcy Ballaicl, David George David Blame, John Fiank Im Bowling, Patiick Joseph Bien nan, Gerald Washington Biewei, Jeanne Mane Chandler Johfi Edward Day, Jr, Vincent James Gieen, V/’arren Kenneth Gnse, LeRoy Grant Hansen, Lois Vashti Hollmgswoith, Haiold Madi son Jacklin, Ji , Alan Dillistin John son, David Biuce Nelson, Edwaid Otto Nordsiek, Charles Chnsman Reeves, Pied Richaids, Marshall Moniog Richaids Richaid Ramon Romanowich Wil ham Boyd Salzman, Albeit Paul Schnaible, Kenneth Hudson Strick ler, Kenwoithy James Thompson Bartholomew Hong Ji Tsai, Glen Fiedenck Tippy John Joseph Vana William Eail Wagei, John Ciamp ton Willsey, Wallace Hany Wood
row
METALLURGICAL ENGINEERING Charles Julian Schaefer, Robeit Joseph Schiei PHARMACY Julia Cathenne Cornelius
PUBBIC SERVICE ENGmEkklNG John Bodin Burkhaidt, Dohald Lytiu Douglass, Max Edi^ard Keane, Fiank Lais Miller.
SCIENCE
Ruth Marion Bennett, Jesse Milton Cohen, Fiances Ann CUitis, Charlotte Ann Finney, Maiy Margaret Gravc$^ Gordon Sliaffer Gi*iffip, Ji , Aithur Stanley Lindei, Clarence Lee Noiquest, Maitha Eulala Owens, Louise Elizabeth Petei son, Dennis Joseph Quinlan, Harold Lrnst Zahn , TRADE AND INDUSTRIAL EDUCATION Lewis Eugene Wei nei
The Umvexsity of Pennsylvania has appointed a committee on national defense to cooidmate all its
defense activities »
A majority of wxnnen students at the Univeisity of Kentucky date almost foul time's a week, the men karely aveiage two dates^’a weelc
Classified Ads Wanted Expeiicnced soda cleiks. Students—thiity cents per houi. Apply to G O Arbuckle, Cary H4II South
Lost Blown billfold in Union Bldg containing $6 and diaft^papeis Papeis veiy impoitant Reward
— LAST DAY — PETER LORRE'S Horror Hit! jmiiiiMio Ifim
and
The 3 MSSQUITSBUr. flAILBlMIIS
TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
"THIEF OF BAGDAD" — PLUS — 'EAST OF THE RIVER' with JOHN GARFIELD ElRENDA MARSHALL STARTS THURSDAY DOUBLE FEATURE M
UHh SINCLAI Sally GRAY Cenll Pxrlier Arthur Macrae Leuean MeSr^#'! Hanlon McLeoii RKO Radio Picluro
First Run
Pliis
ROBERT E SHERWOODS NEW COMEDY OVER THE MOON — with — MERLE OBERON
ALSO "WHITE EAGLE" SERIAL Thurs. - Fri. - Sat. 'ROBBERS OF THE RANGE" "LUCKY DEVILS" "CAPT MARVEL" NEWS RealtBPOLlV cool MMSHTU TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
Red Skelton 194l’s new laugh star in o love-and-laugh Ihrillori
s.iSm'roN V/re A&ut Btan. IN inllieDllillC last TIMES TODAY
8P9tllT
. HERBERT *li(AnSHAU SPRING BYINGTOM
Student to drive cai daily, desirable room neai campus plus $10 pel month, must be able to lift 150 lbs Phone 5339
Wanted Student to exchange woik (luinacc, etc ) for comfoitable loom in West Lafayette home. Phone 7293
EAT GRAVES' BAKERY PRODUCTS
HEALTHFULLY COOL MARS THURSDAY - FRIDAY
with BRCNOA MARSHALL
KENNEDY
LAST DAY
GLAMOUR
LUMA LAST DAY-2 HITS
111
with i , PATRICIA MORISON kd .REGINALD DENNYl^ — ALSO -r-
wiBTPomr wmo9¥''
w . RICHARD CARLSON A Po amounl P ctu •
THUR FRI, SAT. - 2 HITS
IwRit SBIART MtSCHA ABEH
ALSO
GW i AUTRY/sTheDiiy %hi3 morning at;'9 a. m. between 60 and 70 Boilermaker (^ridders will bfeially begin the 1941 season. Practice sessions will be hedil both this ni^irhing and this afternoon. This will be the only !“two-px'i'vctice” day th^t the Boilermakers will be allowed, as classes begin tpmo;crow. ' According to Coach MaL Elward, his proteges wilt be the] only team dAf'tKe conference having so little time for dphble, practice^kii Most of th^'Big Ten schools will not/start for several'dhyS, biit footbafl practice Will start today in all schools as per regulatidhs. For instance, Ohio Stote, which has the quarter pystem,. will hold dual practices every day utiidi the next quarter be^ns on October .!, 'v ; f Vanderbilt’s tiommoddtpSj ppemiig opponent on the Boilermaker schediiL ulejj began practicing the first of September. ^ , ; •'/■Injury:Insiilraiiice''.;- • V^e talked for qfiite a while with Lon, MknhV'^heritble BoQermkker trdiner, yesterday k'fterfipoh concernihg’rfew eqttigment added [througholib the summer. Several heyv pieces of equipmcfit were addend to the nfew ultra-modern tralhi'iii room, includirijg/a new Water masssager to Ae- used in loosening and healihg'mUSfele iftjhrieSy/' /' Purdue eds in general, may dress sdmewhat Sloppily> blit it’si a cinch that the football team will really lookj^'CiasSyi this fall. Loh piidefully shbwed us the new shiny gold pattts .which'' tvill be worn by th e Boilermakers this season. They’re backed with'-two-way stretch elastic, making them fit better than chorus girls’tightsa Lon is working at pteSeni to add a new piece of patented football' equipment to the long list he jhas already-ingCniPusly devised. His newest: device is a shoulder pad •Mth inflating paddiHg,’ The principle of the' idea is to use something like water ivings Under the protecting part of the pad instead of merely felt padding. ' ■ ■ Last year Lpn made several pf the pads himself, using a small bladder as/protection. Axton, Kefsey> and others'wbre them during the season ahd'WerP quitiB taken with the ideai This'year one of the large sporting goods companies has improved his idea into a practical commercial pad. •/ Football Man£i||Birsi'Get Class ‘New jerseys have' been purchased by the-Athletic department to be worn by underclass football managers ahd other managers during their season. The jerseys are black with gold letters across the front, “PURDUE MANAGER-” These jerseys will make the whole squad-look better, as the managers are'about the only ones present around the team not in some kind of
umform.
' They should make a fine award at the end of the season for all of those managers who work like the devil ah year, but are not able to garner one of the junior jobs.
University of San Marcos in Lima, Peru, is the oldest university in. the new world.
Norwich university is about to begin construction on a mess hall that will include facilities for a college’store and recreation room.
TALK ABOUT A DIVE BOMBER BEING STREAMLINED—TAKE A LOOK A'P-iHIS ASTOUNDING NE'5(/PEN.
rightoiandihea^ AhAT its SPECIAL INK DRIES AS. FAST AS YOU ,WRITE.. I MUST SEE IT ^ TODAY. •
WBAA Wednesday, Sept. 10 11:60—Purdue News 12:00—Luncheon Melodies 12:16—Sam Hamilton , 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—WBAA Presents 12:60—Music 1:00—Ag Forum 1:16—Foods, Facts, Fancies 1:30—-Memory Lane / 1:46—Markets / 2:00'—Monitor News-, 2:16^—Story a Day 2:30—June Eller—piano 2:46—Hymn Echoes 3:00—Science Review - 3:16—Concert Master 4. 3:45—The Bookman 4:00—OFF THE AIR Dr. David Rubio, head of the Romance" language department of Catholic university of America, is visiting Spain and Portugal to collect additional volumes for the library of congress. k:
The
'i''SAY, .OLD BOY, IT^: m'a^ a. nose like. A j; ' BtiLLET—EASY TO HOLD' 'W' THB FINGER TIPS) APi6 YET IT'S A REAL V’"’foUNTAlN PEN.: .. . Villi.ilia
.LVE^, ,th'e 6old point I 'i> ‘'(^ lIKg A TORPEDO ‘ ‘ fObfe ENCLOSED IN A GBaRO-THAT PROTECTS VT!' and SHIELDS THE ■ ’"oNgers from ink.
AMERICAN for Fine Laundering
The AMERICAN for Sanitone Cleaning
The AMERICAN for Shoe ^Repairing
The
AMERICAN for Hat Blocking
V
nHUNDR9^
^ LflUNDRV'<^\^
V Areatlng M«w Ipstfumgnf DECKIR’S
518 Main St.
Phone 5036
AMERICAN LAUNDRY
132 NORTHWESTERN
PHONE 3085
loach Mai Elward Welcomes Large Squad
“Get in there and work,” was the message that Mai Elward had for approximately 60 candidates that assembled to hear the opening pre-season address that traditional The importance of physical condition was stressed greatly, for as Mai said, the Commodores Vanderbilt have about a "week of practice advantage over the Boilermakers. >
Elward also divulged that Vandy had probably been drilling unoffi-
cially since August 15.
Herb’ DUggins, one-time Purdue wingman, coach at Louisiana Tech, and present end coach warned of the spirit that southern teams possess when they ericounter an eleven north of thd Mason-Dixon line. In short they are out to beat the Yfinkees and that is especially what the Riveters are out to prevent
them from doing.
Each member of the coaching squad had'his turn at saying a word to the squad. Co-Captains Tom Melton anil Jim Miller also had a word
to say!
Mai, announced that Dutch Fehring and Sammy Voindff will work With Ffosh GOach Elnier Burnham this year. This. replaces a policy 6f previous years of having former Gold and Black warriors, who were working on advance degrees, assist Elmer with the Rhinies, . It was also noted by Duggins that Vanderbilt will scrimmage with two of the smaller college teams in the state of Tennessee before opposing the Boilermakers on Sepi ember 27. " 1 As a closing word, Mai reminded every player that he is being watched from the moment he comes on the field. He further put them on their honor "concerning training rules, o.t.e.' /
All Camp US Tennis, Golf Scheduled Soon For most of us the pleasantries that are associated with a summer vacation have come and gone, and the thought of returning to classrooms is about to become a reality. However, from the Intramural ofiice has come word that any good Boilermaker will-have a cnance to make use of a summer of practice when the annual all-campus tennis and golf tourneys get under way,
vdry shortly. Sign Up Early
'Students who are Interested in signing up for all-campUs tennis are asked to do so at the checkout room in the basement of the Fieldhouse, or. outside the Intramural office, room 111 of, the Fieldhouse. They are asked' to sign up as early as possible because it is hoped that the drawings ■ may , be completed and the tourney under way by the 16th of the month. In addition ^to the alLcampus tennis tourney, which is open to all students,: the class tourneys' will also be held. The tournament will crown a champion of the freshman, sophomore, and junior-senior classes in addition to the campus champ, A handsome trophy is awarded to the champion. in the all-camp]jis tourney and medals are given to the runner-ups. Three medals each are awarded to the winners of the respective class battles.
Old Winners
Last year it was Dick Stettner who came through to annex the all-campus crown with C. S. Armstrong trailing him to walk off with second place honors. In the class struggles it was W. Dudzinski who triumphed in the freshman class; Clai’k Armstrong made it a double victory by also winning the sophomore crown ;ahd Tom Mangold, winner of, the spring tourney, butlasted the field to win the junior-'
senior division.
Competitors for the all-campus golf championship yill swing into the opening qualifying rounds of the tourney next Monday on the newly consti/ucted Purdue golf course* and will continue to swing throughout the week until the first
New Softball Rules ... which were revised January, 1939, will be the playing rules for Intramui^al softball this year, with the following exceptions: a. A 14 inch rubber ciavered ball will be used. b. Local ground rules: Fly balls over or through the fence- on the even numbered diamonds (2, 4, 6, etc;), are good for two bases only. c. No bunting allowed. d. A base-runner inay not score from third base on a passed ball. e. Base-runners may not leave their bases until the ball has reached the batter.
IM Schedule
Dikmrtncl
FRAtBftNlW Sfi'FTBAl.L
Thursday, Sept. 11 (Practice Cames)
round opponents tee off on Sept. 22. Bruce Dixon and Jim Seabright finished first and second respectively in last fall’s tournament, and it is hoped that good turnout will be available to inaugurate play on the new course, r.w.d.
LEARN TO .DANCE CORRECTLY BY INftbLLlNG IN 6UR ADULT CLASSES BEGINNER'S OPENS WED., SEPT. 17th ADVANCED OPENS THURS., SEPT. 18th 7:30 P. M. ENROLL Now INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL PHONE 2150 P. M. ALLEN, Insructor
ALIEN’S
Phone 2150
6tli & Ferry
Beta Sfema Psi vs. Phi Kappa SiBiYia. 2 Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 3 ‘.Delta Chi vs. Phi Siirma Kappa. 4 I Delta Tau Delta vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 5 Delta Ppsilon vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 6 Acacia vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 7 Alpha Chi Rho vs. Sigma Alpha Epsi-
lon.
8 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Sigma Chi. 9 KapRii Delta Rho vs. Sigma Nu. 10 Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Pi, 11 Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Tau Epsilon
Phi.
12 Phi Delta Theta vs. Tau Kappa Epsi.1 Mu." ■ / 13 Phi Gamma Delta vs. Theta Chi. 14 Phi Kappa 'vs. Theta Tauj 15 Phi Kappa Psi Vs. Theta. Xi. IG Alpha Tau Omega, vs. Triangle. 17 Alpha Gamma Sho vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 18 Alpha Sigma Phi. / I 'Iw /-i ■ Referees Musf lUe pin Juiliiiit On Pass Interference In some circles, it is supposed to be fun to boo or hiss the referee at a collegiate football game. It is quitej^lamentable tha booing persists when Joe Fan may be a country mile from the play and have a very sketchy idea of the rule book. The official. On the other hand, is directly at the scene. . . " Bronx Ch^rs A great many booing outbursts occur when an incomplete forward pass has been ruled complete because. of pass interference. The ordinary case of pass interference annoys the average fan, since the decision of the offigial is governed by his opinion and judgment rather than the rule book. In trying to clear up this situation, it might be well to explain that the degree of physical contact between potential receiver and defender has no bearing. Many think that when the receiver and defender bump into each, other while trying to catch the ball, knocking the receiver down, pass interference should be called. ■ However, if both players are after the ball no infraction of the rulesTias been committed. It is only natural that receiver or defender will fall to the ground if they collied in an attempt to make the catch. No Rough Stuff If the anxious defender .plays his opponent and not the ball it is a casfe of pass interference. Roughing' the receiver, pushing him, kicking him, or otherwise impeding his attempts at getting the ball make the pass complete at the point of the infringement. Should the receiver be guilty of foul play, his team gets a-fifteen yard penalty.!
University of Michigan library extension service reports increased popular interest in defuse, LatinAmerican problems,' taxation, economic conditions, and problems of citizenship and adult education.
Sports Staff There will be a meeting of all members of the sports staff Thursday evening at 7:30 in the Union E.xponent Office. Sophomores who worked on the paper last year and others wliq are interested in writing sports are eligible to attend.
SAVE DOLLARS and STEPS HERE!! ,
USED an^NEW BboKS and SUPPLIES for All Cpur^bs F Engineering # Science • Home Economics I Agricuhure ® Pharmacy • Physical Education UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
. (Across From Union) M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29
R..W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
60 Candidates Report For VanderbUt's Commodores
Restricted to but a single day of double drills by the earl opening of classes, Coach Mai Elward has advised prosper grid candidates that there can be no lost motion once the praetice season is opened. Appropriately enough, the praeti^ sessions begin today with a strenuous double drill schedulOT to begin this morning. : T
Time Valuable
“Every mihule must do double duty,” emphasized Elward, pointing to the fact that most of the other schools will enjoy fidm one to three weeks of uni'estricted drill, whdfeabthe opening of classes here tomorrow, Will automatically ■ put the Boilermakers 'dri the “Ulife day” schedule. The Big Ten’s opening practice rule was ph’ssed to equalize the practice terms of the schools in the conference, but it neglected to 'consider the .early opening of classes so characteristic
of this campus.
Elward’s early conditioning problem is likewise complicated by the fact that the strenuous Boilermaker schedule calls for ah opener' with the highly touted Vanderbilt eleven less than three weeks after practice opens and an invasion of the East to nidet Pittsburgh the followifag Saturday.Yesterday aftembhn’s rain has softened the practice field, but the condition will interfere little with the workout that Elward has planned. The lack of double drills has necessitated an early scrimmage, which may come Fri-
day.
Sixty Expected - A squad of approximately 60 candidates, headed by. Co-Captains Tom Melton and Jim Miller, generally regarded as the best pair of guards in the conference, is expected to be in uniform for this morning’s drill as Elward starts preparing the speed attack that is expected to keynote the Boilermaker play during the season. In addition to the ^scrappy cocaptains, 19 other major lettermen will form the nucleus around Which the Boilermaker coach will build his 1941 machine. The veterans expected to be on hand today include Alex Leugo, 'Wes Stevens, Italo Rossi, Herman Timperman, Bruce Warren, Bill Combs, LaVern King, Forrest McCaffry, Jim Rush, Bill Shimer, Bob Kersey, Fred Smerke, Tony Berto, Marion Carter, Walter Cook, John .Galvin, Bill Buffington, Vincent Snyder, and John Petty,
Sophomores Report
Minor lettermen who will open practice today include John Brown, Charles Ehrlich, Merlin Gantz, Joe Hillenbrand, Ewell O’Bryan*
Athletic Director Accei^ Bids For Aii Concessions ■ Bids will be received up un^ Sept. 17 for the concession prifi' ileges at the University’s horaq atiletic events during the year T94L ’42. The bids will be accepted on|y on the basis of the entire athletK year, including the concession righfe at football, basketball, baseball, ai^ track events. ^ Prospective bidders should obtaiB the rules and regulations conceni4ing Concessions from the office. df Director of Athletics A. H. (MaR Elward, where the bids are being;
accepted. s.b.w.
Phi Kappa Psi - . . / social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men: Bill Hanley, Indianapolis; John Pankow, South Bend; Jim Wiggledworth, Winnetka, Ill.; Fred Loyd, Indianapolis; Bob Dalrymple, Indianapolis; Mike Reynolds, Anderson; Ned Maloney, Oak Park, Ilh; Dick Fifield, Crown Point; John Wooling, Indianapolis; Dick McCoy, Omaha, Nebraska; Bob Mason, Cincinnati, Ohio; Jack Kautz, Indiattr apolis; Fletcher Thompson, Gary; Odd Anderson, Evanston, Ill.; Harvey Martens, South Bend; Allan King, Muncie; Grant Keller, Omaha, Nebraska; Scott Hanson, Chicago, Ill.; Paul Hoffman, Mil'waBkee, Wis.; Bill Vickery, Indianapolis; Bob Allen,' Dayton, Ohio; Bill Hall, Indianapolis; Jim Huffine, ,
Waukegan, III.
GRIN AND BEAR
Forrest Sprowl. Many of last yeaii’s sensational freshman team will report today for their first crack regular varsity practice. Amortg those back are John Andretich, Bob Chester, Ed Cycenas, Chuck Devine, Joe Eggleston, Vernon Erk, Barry French, Bob Hajzyk, Bob Johnson, Francis' Meakim,' Ken Smock, and
Ray Stoelting.
Any freshmen interested in gping Out for football are encouraged to report to the Fieldhouse, Room and 107, tomorrow night at 7:30..
r
By Liclii|f
‘I hate Ladies’ Day—women can always think of nastieri
suits to screkm than meiil”
idH'//
For Your Convenience FREE DELIVERY
UKivERSin Dm to. Next to Post Office N. J. Arth’37 D. N. Hansell ]37 30S State Street Phone 4094
sS
■Nliliiiiiiiiiw
PtlR^tJE
liiiSililiiiMiii^
EXPONENT ’ , . ' *.i
tWe'dnes^oy. SepSsmb'er 10. 194} • i
‘ I inn I i im‘llilnli!it>l.».rf ' i,<
ipS'l* 'id
f ■
5,-. ■
;4{|«V;
f-i
iJii
I®"
Ur-
tfiKd. ' . _ i
On Land
In the Air
And On the Sea
Ta-Ta-Te-Da-Te
Zoom-m-ni-in
Urp - Urrrp - Urrp
PLACE YOUR OLD EXPONENT HERE
THE ^ NEW ' EXPONENT
Seriously Speaking— ★ Enlargement of Sheet Size ★ Purchase of Own Press
^»s This Year V- ★ Reorganization of Staffs ★ Complete Plans for Future Advancement
ON SALE AT
Exponent Booth at Registration Exponent Office in Union Bldg. Union West Desk
Deac’s Southworth’s University Book Store
T:
(*"
if