r t
“1
Sf \ HI
‘l^y I? *f ^ -r ^ ,1 ' T „ t ^
jfi *1*
/<(j
I
©he Puriue TSxponent
u'-
{Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVm
LAFAiraEJTTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1936
HUMBER 8
D. C. Parsons Appointed Band Concert Meister
Fro/. Emriek Lik$ 10 Commissioned And 14 NomCommissioned tlffibers Prof. P. S. Emripk, director of the famous Purdue “All American” band, has announced the following appointments
for the season of rDSO-ST.
Eligibility to the rank of a band officer depends largely upon the length and quality of service rendered as a musician and as
a military officer, proficiency
Pledge tjuota Out Saturday Pan-Hellenic President Addresses Co-ed Mass
Meeting
“The quota of pledges allowed to each sorority will be announced Saturday morning, September 26, after the girls who are going through rush have registered,” stated Sally Schaaf, president of the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council, at a mass ineeting held yester^y afternoon at the Memorial Union Building. Miss Schaaf also reviewed the new rush rules and interpreted those which were not perfectly clear. On Thursday night, October 7, the sororities will be informed of the girls who will attend their respective preference dinners. The rule on pledging has been changed, pledging may be held any time after 7 o’clock on Friday night, October 8. New Advantages The advantages of the new rush system as seen by the various sorority presidents are: knowing girls over a longer period of time; choosing girls that will fit into the chapter; increasing friendliness and cooperation among the different sororities; and helping scholarship. Mr. R<^ C. Street, Pan-Hellenic lawyer, reviewed the rushing systems of the past, and commented that with the changes, the rushing system improves each year. He also stated that the sororities should be made outstanding ‘groups on the campus. Following this. Dean Stratton told of the growth in numbers of freshman women and the gradual overcoming of an-unfriendly attitude. She said that she was very pleased with the start the freshman women have made.
Dr. Elliott Speaks In New York City
Opening the Herald-Tribune’s sixth annual forum held in New York City yesterday morning. Pres ident E. C. Elliott, in an address on -“Sensible Housing,” said that the axl^nt of the ownership and occupation of decent homes by individual families is the foundation of American civilization. “Seventy-five per cent of urban American fam' ilies,” he continued, “cannot afford ;$6,000 for a house today.” The closing forum speaker tonight will be President Franklin D. Roosevelt. After taking part in the opening convocation in the Armory Monday, Pres. Elliott left by automobile for Indianapolis, where he boar(^ed a midnight plane for New York City.
New BiBle Course
To Students
Open
Ruth Bryan Owen Great Trailer Fan Co^ed Discovers During Interview
in the execution of assigned administrative duties, ability to correlate the efforts of men to accomplish creditable results and success, and ability to give, take and obey orders. The following have received ap
pointments:
Commissioned Officers Bvt. 1st Lieut, and Assistant Director and Concert Meister, D. C Parsons; Bvt. 1st Lieut, and Military Officer, C. P. Hall; Bvt. 1st Lieut, and Band Adjutant, F. B. Wilson; Bvt. 1st Lieut, and Supply Officer, K. B. McEachron; 2iid Lieut, and Publicity Officer, O. W. Miller; 2nd Lieut, and Principal Drum Major, C. M. Jorgeson; 2nd Lieut, and Ban^d Librarian, C. G. Bigelow; 2nd Lieut, and Detail Officer, P. E. Flebbe; Bvt. 2nd Lieut, and Assistant Military Officer, J. C. Sanders; Bvt. 2nd Lieut, and Personnel Officer, C. A. Reichelderfer. Non-Commissioned Officers First Top Sergeant, in Oharge of all details, R. D. Birge; Sergeant, Assistant to the Publicity Officer, G. L. Smith; Supply Sergeant, Assistant to Supply Officer, W. H. Dietch; Sergeant, in charge of Quarters Detail, H. N. McIntyre; Sergeant, in charge of Equipment Detail, F. C. Baase; Corporal, in charge of chair and rackr Detail, D. E, Dixoh; Corporal, in charge df Music Detail, J. W. McClain; Corporal, of Equipment Detail, R. P. Anthes. Corporal, of Quarters Detail, R, N. Housekeeper; Corporal and Assistant to Supply Officer, F. W. Cornetet; Principal Field Trumpeter, R. C. Hill; First Field Trumpeter, R B. Newhouse; Second Field Trumpeter, C. A. Heidbireder.
Ruth Bryan Owen enjoys traveling in a trailer. Before the first woman ambassador to Denmark campaigned for Franklin Roosevelt last Saturday afternoon in the Lafayette Armory, a co-ed member of the Exponent met her for a short inter-
view.
“You know that I rode in the first trailer,” the daughter of William Jennings Bryan explained. “Seven years ago I drove through Yellowstone National Park—^the first trailer to enter there. Recently iTetumed to the scenic spot. A ranger told me of the thousands of trailers in the park since I had been there.” “What a marvelous experience,” the correspondent murmured. “I have ridden all over the United States and Europe in my original
Gimlet Club Pledges 17
Pledges for the Gimlet club, honorary athletic organization, were announced last night as follows: A. L. McColloum, R. O. Lukens, C. C. Hamilton, R. F. Brinson, G. L. Brown, J. R. Campbell, W. F. Bailey, R. J. Mueller, G. W. Burnell, L. D. Wood, G. W. Martin, A. H. Forster, J. P. Girard, C. L. Sadler, H. M. Humphreys, C. D. Ehinger, and A. A. Siebenthal.
Pep Session Plans Made For Frida^j^ “Pop” Doan, “Nobe” Kizer To Address Bonfire Group
Purdue students will meet in their first pep session of the year Friday night at 7:30 o’clock on Stuart Field to show their interest in the outcome of this year’s football season. At the bonfire, which will be built on Stuart Field, the students will be introduced to the varsity and will hear pep talks by “Pop” Doan and “Nobe” Kizer. The Purdue band and yell leaders will also be present.
An addition to the Utniversity’s curriculum is a new course entitled “The Bible as Literature,” offered for the first time by Prof. F. A. Uummings. The course is designed to acquaint students with the Bible as an historical masterpiece. Although the course is open to all University students who are free to fake it, it will continue only on the condition that a full class register for the course. All men and women interested in this three credit course meeting ort Monday, Wednesday, and Friday afternoons at 2 p. m. will please report in room 202 of the English Building for the Wednesday classhqur. There are a few vacancies that must be filled to allow the class to •.continue.
Frosh Mentors Will Discuss Charm School
There will be an important meeting of all freshman mentors in the factuly lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 4:45 p. m. today. The purpose of the meeting is to discuss the Charm School. There will also be reports on the date bureau given at this time.
NOTICE
All fraternities desiring ballroom for dance during school year, send representafive to the Student Union office at 4 p. today. —SHOBMAKBB,
’36-’37 Choir Organized
Executive Committee Chooses 76 Members For Choral Group
Seventy-six students have been chosen for this year’s University Choir by the executive committee composed of the following manag ers: University Choir, John Phillips; Concert Choir, John Brubkker; Girl’s Choir, Mary Bell; and Men’s Glee club, Mardis Compton. Others who served on the committee in an official capacity are Charles Cox, treasurer; Martha Soehner, publicity manager; and Jimmie Nelson, glee club mascot. Rehearsals will be held every Tuesday on the fourth floor of Uni-
versity Hall
The follow!^ persons have been.
selected for the University Choir
Soprano
I. Swaynie, C. Stewart, M. Friend, H. Murphy, V. Richards, M. Rogers, C. Cook, M. Sands, M. Whitehead, R, Renfroe, C. Davis, M. Fitch, M. Bell, H. Bailey, R. Totten, R. Harwood, M. Lennox.
Alto
A. Summers, J, Friend, P. Colter, J. Conklin, A. Dunwoody, M. Wein, J. Padgett, R. Skinner, E. Martin, A. Trueblood, M. Trueblood, R. Jackson, L. Foote, M. Wood, M. Schafer, A. Rothenberger, M. Peters, B. McKee, M. Smith. ' Tenor H. Schulte, E. Snyder, R. Powell, G. Meginnis, P. Worcester, K. Burbrink, D. Catron, M. Compton, R. Schlendorf, E. Hartman, D. Bowden, J. Phister, A. Fowler, E. Carlquist, W. Sherwood, C. Lutz, C. Henderson, W. DeWitt.
Bass
C. Bull, R. Lauschke, M. Bouton, J. Osborn, H. Russell, R. Ziegler, V. -Coddington, J. Phillips, J. Suliot, J. Brubakdr, A. Stewart, K. Maxwell, R. Heine, E. Gross, W. White, R Zumstein, L. Doud, W. Delaplane; C. Pierce, A. Lennox, B. Tormoehlen, D. Darnell
Vacancies Exist In Glider Club
trailer,” the good-looking, grayhaired woman continued enthusiastically. “Would you like to see it? My husband would be glad to show it to you.” “Yes, indeed, and thank you very much,” the girl said grratefully. There was nothing Very fancy about the large, brown trailer. Inside were four leather chairs facing to the front. Captain Rohde, of Denmark, explained to the co-ed that the backs of the chairs could be lowered so as to make two beds. Above the chairs there were two compartments, which opened into two more beds—^pullman style. In the front end of the trailer was a leather covered seat going crossways of the car. About seven people could be seated in the vehicle, “I suppose you want to see the kitchen ?” Captain Rohde asked with a slight foreign accent. “I would like to,” the girl replied with interest. Approximately 28 inches in length and width was the entire standing place in the tiny kitchenette. On the left was a sink and small shelf; the ice box and stove were on the
right.
“Hmm, real ice in the ice box,” she muttered to herself as she took a hasty glance into the small refrigerator. “You were very kind to bother with me. Captain Rohde,” the co-ed said to the gentleman as she left the house on wheels. “It was a pleasure,” he answered in his polite manner.
Cheers, Songs, Music On Loyalty Program
Jeff Gym Scene Of Giant Demonstration Tomor^
row Night At 7:30 O^dock
Pep talks, singing, music, and cheering will be the highlights on the loyalty gathering program that is expected to be the gfreatest demonstration of support ever given to a BoSermaiter deven, at the Jefferson high school gymnasium at 7:80 o’clock tomorrow night. Arrangements for the session are being for-
warded by a committee of the
59ChosenFor GM’sGleeC^iAf
Mary Bell Named Student Manager For Year
Applications for membership in the Purdue Glider club will be re ceived at a special open meeting in room B of the Union Addition at 7:15 o’clock tonight, according to W. B. O’Neal, president. Several vacancies exist in the club membership, O’Neal stated. Anyone interested in gliding is invited by O’Neal to attend the meeting tonight. The club is planning to buy a new four-place glider. The ship is expected to be at the University within the next few weeks. The club placed third in the National Intercollegiate Flying club meet conducted at Detroit, Mich., June 19-20. Members competing in the contest were; A. L, Wood, A. F. Farwell, V. L. Atkins and H. E, Lewis. Farwell won high individual honors in the meet, capturing the spot landing and bomb dropping contests. Hq wu dbqnalifledi in the homb dropping contest because his glider did not stay aloft the required 30 seconds after the hewbs were released.
Membership in the Purdue Girl’s Glee club will include fifty-nine co-eds who have been selected by the executive committee of musical organiations. Mary Bell is the student manager for the 1936-37 season. The first rehearsal of the glee club will be held Monday, September 28. The following were chosen: First Sopranos C. Davis, R. Renfroe, B. Sexton, L. Daniel, M. Rjckey, R. Bolyard, M. Whitehead, M. Sands, A. Sims, I. Swaynie, E, Glazner, C. Cook, M. Blakely, E. Murphy, M. Plank, C. Stewart. Second Sopranos F. Overstreet, R. Zimmerman, J. Pigman, R. Sexton, M. Rogers, M. Bell, M. Moorhead, G. Pittman, O. Riegel, M. Smith, M. Louis, L. Ristow. First Altos K. Shearer, L. McGaughey, E. Robertson, R. Crone, E. McAfee, C. Fisher, B. Beck, R. Milburn, C. Singer, R. Angert, K. Myers, M. Peters, S. Zussin, M. Craig, D. Newman, A. Summers, M. Schafer. Second Altos B. McKee, A. Snider, M. Swank, A. Dunwoody, M. Michael, P. George, M. Tooker, E. Schwab, A. Rothenberger, C. Williams, V. Walters, H. Wilson, L. Prentice, R. Wiley.
Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce. The Purdue Military Band, directed by Professor P. S. “Spots” Emriek, will play several snappy pieces imbued with school spirit and enthusiasm. Additional music will be supplied by the University Glee club and by the Jefferson high school band. Gala Decorations Seating facilities for 6,000 are bemg arranged in the gymnasium which will be in the old gold and black colors of the University. The town will be dressed in gala decorations as the merchants display flags and pennants in preparation for Saturday’s game with Ohio University in Ross-Ade stadium. Speakers on the headline program include: Arch Ward, sports editor of the Chicago Tribune; W. Blaine Patton, sports editor of the Indianapolis Star; Warren Brown, sports editor of the Chicago HeraldExaminer; Eddie Ash, of the Indianapolis Times; Bill Fox, of the Indianapolis News; and Leo Fischer, of the Chicago American. Big Ten Commissioner John L. Griffiths, athletic commissioner of the Big Ten conference, and Elmer Layden, head football also talk at tomorrow night’s meeting. Other men who have been asked to speak are: Foster Hailey, Associated Press representative^ ex-Governor Harry G. Leslie; Fritz Ernst, vice president of the American Rolling Mills Co., in Chicago; and Joe Andrew, prominent Lafayette citizen.
Co-eds Attend WAA Iced Tea
Personnel Board Replaces N, V, Deans
A board of personnel administration will operate at Northtvestern this fall replacing the offices of the dean of men and dean of women and correlating all other departments under one head. Thje board will consist of eleven members, headed by Dr, Elias Lyman and will have all financial, religious, disciplinary, advisory, and social matters under its control.
Mias Gare Coolidge Will Lead Dbenssion Group
Miss Clare Coolidge, Y. W. C. A. adviser, will lead the discussion group of the Student Union at its first meeting of the year tonight at 7:30 in room 2 of the Union Building. The subject for discussion has not yet been annoujticed*
Freshman and transfer women will be welcomed at the W. A. A. iced tea to be held in the Women’s Gymnasium today at 4 o’clock. Upperclasswomen are invited to ike tea which is to acquaint co-eds with the activities of the oi^^anization. Membership cards will be available after the meeting. Betty Arnold, president of W. A. A., will welcome the new co-eds and lead group singing. She wfll also introduce the officers and faculty members. The leaders of the various sports will give short skits illustrating their respective sports. W. A. A. sports include hiking, tennis, basketball, voUeyball, baseball, Orchesis, swimming, archery, rifiery, and bowling. Refreshments of iced tea wafers will be served after the program. Frances Eastbum and Terry Graves are in charge of the refreshments, and Betty Elstim is jEeneml. ohairmaiTof^Sirt^. ^ ^
Cords, Derbies Saturday
All seniors will meet on Stuart Field next Saturday at 1:30 to organize into groups according to schools. From this place they will parade in their cords and derbies to the stadium and then around the track to their reserved section. In accord with tradition, all derbies will be thrown into the air at the first Boilermaker touchdown.
Still Bug-Less! Intrepid Pair Moves Out Study Tables
Betty Arnold To Web come New Co-eds; Entertamment banned
Council Plans Greek Forum
To Discuss Fraternities Pro And Con
A student forum, under the supervision of the Religious CouncU, will be held tomorrow evening at^:3(l o’clock in the faculty lounge «f the Union, in an effort to acquaint the freshmen with the advantages and disadvantages of fraternity or sorority life. Miss Sarah Schaaf, president of the Women’s Pan-Hel-lenic Council, and another student^ as yet unannounced, will lead the discussion. “The right fraternity or sororiW for the right person” is the goal of the student forum, and all freshmen are urged to attend this discusmon of one of the major issues during a college career.
BULLETIN! CORNER WOOD and MARSTELLAR STREETS, West Lafayette, Ind., Sept. 22—(Special report)—^Kenton Baldock and Pat Shea, intrepid bug-less sophomores, when last seen tonight had moved their study tables onto the sidewalk under the street lamp at this corner to do their home work.
History repeats itself! Kenton Baldock and Pat Shea, sophomore leftists, last night again retired to the sidewalk in front of their rooming house at 204 Marstellar Street, where they could use the street lamp as a bug eliminator. The adventairous pair inaugurated their new study system Monday night an^ were delighted by the bug-less atmosphere. They plan to continue their curb-stone studying until the weather becomes too cold.
FROSH-YABSITY TICKETS
All persons who have purchased tickets to the frosh-var-sity football game which was postponed last week keep your ticketa until plans »» mada
either to play toe game at a*
later date or to refund your
money.
—HODGDON.
Prof• Hall To Speak Af Ag Limcheon Pi'of. F. R. Hall, of the Uuiver*
sityvhistory department, wiU disepsa “How the United States Impartment of State Sees Present and Prospective World Conditions”, before members of the agriculturat extension, experiment station, nnd instructional staffs Monday noon^ Sept. 28, at 12 o’clock, in the Purdue Memorial Union Building. The ag staff luncheon occurs regularly each month of the academic year, and research and impmrtant world problems are discussed by prominent and authoritative speakers. The committee in toarge of the September luncheon is composed 0. G. Johanningsmeier, chairmans V. C. Freeman, Meta Martin, and R. C. Baines.
Newman Clidi To Hold Reception For Froab
A reception fmr all Catholic men will be held in the St. Mary’s new school gymnashun, 1807 Od* umbia Street, tomorrow evening at 8 o’clock by toe Newman dub of Lafayette. There will be entortamment, refreshments, dancing, mud music by an orehestra- Fr^hmea, meet your dhasnmtos bece, and be» cmne acquainted with the uManhwa ioftheduh.
‘’ty
'is
, j If,rP^-* C'"
THE PURDXiE EXPONENT
Wednegtlay. September 23,1986
sS#'V^‘-'’4aV''?''^
Platform Point No. 1— Student SELF Government
The paterimlistic influence in education here at Purdue has manifested itself several times in the last few years. By paternalistic education I mean the type in which students ate treated as ignorant little beys and girls, who don’t know enough, to get in out of the wet and whose one ambition is to disgrace theihselves and the University. In this form of student government eversrthingis decided for the children who go to school by the wise, able, and experienced faculty, or its representatives. The Student Senate is the official student governing body. For the past three years, its entire existence, it has amounted to practically nothing. Much of this failure can be attributed to a great lack of leadership. The rest of it can be attributed to the paternalistic attitude of the University. The question confronting campus leaders today is, “What is to be done with the Student Senate?” This is a corollary to the larger and infinitely more important question, “Has this campus a chance for student SELF government?” Yes, it has. It is my firm belief that this increase in paternalism is mainly due to the failures of past student governing bodies. Consequently, if the Senate can show that it has the ability and the energy to take over campus problems and form a real link be.tween the administration and the studept body, it may be given power to accomplish the ends it seeks. Thus, in my opinion, the question of student SELF government rests primarily with the Senate; I do not believe that the University wants to be paternalistic in everything. If time shows that the University itself is at fault, then further action will have to be taken. I do not think that such actioh will be necessary, assuming the Senate comes through with action and shows real ability. What right have I to make this assumption ? It is based on the following three points: (1) The Senate appears to be in capable and willing hands this year. (2) The members of the Senate are aware that they must do something to boost it, and are ready to do vrhat they can to promote the cause of student SELF government. (3) There are things for the Senate to do, if only presenting to the faculty the opinion of the student body on controversial subjects. It could also take the enforcement of traditions in hand. The Senate members will only awake to the possibilities of their organization if that fact is driven home to them constantly. This may be done by» the comments of their “constituents,” and for that reason the ExpcMient is including as the first point in its platform, “Establish student SELF government.” There is also another student governing body on the campus. To follow the precedent set by that colleague of mine, “Cadwallader,” I will call it the W. S. G. A., so-called. This is another instance in which paternalism is evident, but, as in the case of the Senate, the fault has lain with the co-eds themselves. This year the W. S. G. A., so-called, is in a critical condition. Either it will improve and regain its place on the campus, or it will degenerate and its elimination "will bp considered. This is riot a threat, but rather a plea for action and improvement. It can be done. Will it be done?
Straw Votes
Is the American voter becoming tired of constantly filling out sample ballots in the numerous straw votes now being conducted ? This question was propounded by a man who has been following the two major polls, those conducted by the Literary Digest and the American Institute of Public Opinion, as well as a half-dozen smaller ones. This question is of little importance, since few people are approached more than twice, but it does give rise to the question, “What importance can be attached to the results of these polls ?” The answer depends on the particular straw vote involved. That conducted by the Digest has been proved by time; it is conceded to be accurate within one percent. The American Institute of Public Opinion has yet to undergo a real test. It has been scientifically managed, and hopes to prove that a small, accurate cross-section of the nation is as valuable as a larger one, such as that of the Digest. The smaller polls, conducted by hundreds of news-
tlbt $urbue exponent
Founded in 1883
1936-1937 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of COLLEGIATE DIGEST '
Member of National CoUegre Press Association, Bit: Ten Editorial Association Excinsively B^reMnted by National AdvertisinK Serrice, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $3.50 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by sinKle copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 5088 Editorial Phone 5087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITOBIAL STAFF Editor-in-Chief — W. T. Hunt Managins Editor— B. H. Morris Associate Edtton K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, B. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
8POBTS STAFF Bporta Editor. — L, D, Wood Associate Sports Editors „W. H. Fifield, & R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF Boaiiiesa Manager.-..— B, J, Hulse Ksffkmal Adverttslng Manager _L. H. Brown Local Advertising Manager. ......D. O. Miller Circulatiim Manager. — J. P, Girard
WOMEN'S STAFF — ,..;....Helen Creech Manager— — B^y Barnett lltons—V— Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, EUsabeG> Fyke
Issue Editer-oJ, B. Clark
papers and magazines are not to be regarded as really accurate, except possibly for the small areas they fep resent. Ordinarily they shpw a trend in the way tfief^ want that trend to run. For exatnple, a Democratic paper will show a large JRooseveltian minority and in the seme city a Republican paper will give Landon a big lead. It is for this reason that these must be discounted. , The two large polls, however, perform a real service in keeping the nation informed of its political trend. By their results, the popular sentiment on many issues of the day can be determined, and legislative or executive action- taken accordingly.
Our Band
When “Spots” Emrick announced at the recerit convocation that the band had reached its highest enrollment to date, he didn’t say much about the musical ability of those 150 men. But we'II bet that they are superior as musicians, or they wouldn’t have been taken into th^ foremost college band in the country. The Boilermaker band has built up an enviable reputation, with “firsts” all along the line to its credit. First to present marching letter formations; first to put lights on instruments; first to play Dvorak’s “Fifth Symphony,” no mean accomplishment. It has almost always done what the grid warriors cannot apparently always do: beat Indiana. Last year the Hoosier “Marching Hundred” set out to make the Jbeat so fast that any ordinary band would falter and fail. But, when the Purdue musicians marched out on the field, what did they do but step the tempo up, not one, but several notches. Saturday the band will make its first regular marching appearance of the year. Students will be there primarily to applaud our gallant football team, but when our band finishes its performance, there will be cheers aplenty for the fine job it will be sure to have completed.
^ They say that there are over fifty ^‘H plus” looking girls in W. R. H. If she doesn’t Come out soon she’ll die from lack of iresh air.
In My Opinion
BY CADWALLADER The Exfonent will not assume resfonsibUity /or the otbitons voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those oj the usriter.
Life At Per-Dew: A Fable
Once there was a college named Per-Dew. It was located in a small middle-western community and was largely an engineering institution. It had somewhat over four thousand students, and for a number of years had led a sedate life. There were no student riots; there were no real radicals in the student body or faculty (a few thought they were but they were not); there was no interest in national or international affairs; in fact, all who attended did nothing but pursue their studies, enter into a frivolous life, or get drunk (there weren’t even many who got drunk). Then one day a student with ambitions and ideas enrolled. He wanted to organize discussion groups to discuss socialism, fascism, and politics; he was told that there was no one to discuss these things and politely shoved out into the cold. He wanted to found a liberal student organization; he was threatened with all sorts of horrible things. He wanted to organize a humor magazine; he lost money on the venture when the faculty told him off. He wanted the Student Senate to protest against the unfairness of a few profs; that group ignored him. He wanted to get a course in comparative governments started; the faculty threw him out on his ear. Then he got mad. He ignored the attendance ruling. He walked on the grass. He smoked on the campus. He threw bricks through windows. He got drunk every night. He organized a radical club after converting a few students. He instituted a strike against the faculty. He burned (iown a few buildings. He killed a few people. He burned dovra a lot of buildings. He killed a lot of people. Per-Dew closed forever. MORAL: Education in colleges should not be paternalistic and students should not be apathetic.
You can always tell a Senior By the way he flaps his ears. The am tell a sprightly Junior As he walks this vale of tears. You can spot a newborn Sophomore By his sympathetic touch. You can always tell a FRESHMAN, But you sure can’t tell him much.
Education Abroad
Transfer women are coming to the University in increasing numbers. Figures from the office of the dean of women show that some 55 co-eds are entering Purdue this fall from other colleges and universities throughout the country. Thinking over the probable reasons for transfer, one of the important ones must be the desire to acquire a broader outlook and to know a greater section of America’s undergraduates. Obviously, this experience would be of greater worth if gained in an entirely changed environment. An international outlook obtained at first hand would be of inestimable value today, when the most distant corners of the world are no longer remote. Wars might be discouraged instead of hoped for if the peoples of the globe better understood one another’s problems. The custom of a girl spending her junior year abroad, especially at an English speaking university, is becoming increasingly popular. Costs at English universities compare favorably with those of Our own. Living conditions are not elaborate, but comfortable. According to statements made by co-eds from Connecticut College, Who attended Exter College in England, the faculty members were helpful and tried to make the stay abroad profitable to the Americans enrolled. Educational standards of English schools require no comment and the additional freedom offered by the system provides opportunity for individual effort, often lacking in the American college.
3.
4.
Hst^^bllsh student SELF^government. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. Eliminate all campus politics.
Oh, hello! “But offider, when the filling<rstation man washed my windshield, the .green sticker came off”
Either; the Phi Psis are slipping or they initiated the wrong man. BOB WILEY has tried numerous times to get a date with Theta WINlE GREGORY, hilt he says she Inst wont respond.
Monday, Alpha Xi JONES was seen with a Phi Gam pin. Was it her brother’s or—
If the “dating bureau” fails, remember, dear ones, there are 4.287 men for each of you. If you can’t get one of the four, the least you can do is to get the .287.
Twinkle, twinkle little K-Key. How many rushees do you see? They’re not yours, as you should know. The Chi O’s caught them; you’re too slow.
Then there was W. R. H. BARBARA AULD who asked if all those seniors were required to grow moustaches.
NOTICE—All eds are asked to send in their sorority rush bills at the first of the month—^no sooner.
NOTICE—Will the leader of the
“Why not stay and have potliick'with me?”
Sophomore Cotillion please announce himself, so that I can start to work on him. —Alpha Chi EASTBURN.
Before< someone hands in the following for the MARS double pass, it might be well if we print it first: “Knox, Knox.” “Who’s there?” “Landon.” “Landon who?” “Landon Roosevelt before Novem her.” —stuff.
—oh, me!
Williams and Mary (jollege has dropped student self-government with the resignation of the Men’s Student Senate because of lack of student problems.
Follies Caprice
A Beauty Barge on Wheels, such is a fitting slogan for the Follies Caprice, the Swanky Hollywood Show which begins an engagement at the Mars Theatre for two days starting Friday. This feig Metropolitan road show with a company of forty odd players will arrive in luxurious 1936 version of the Old Covered Wagon. The thirty-five Follies Beauties in the Follies Caprice require specially arranged buses with all the comforts of home for extended cross country tour of this revue with a special fleet of buses in specially arranged sleeping chairs and manned by skilled drivers and me chanics so that they may slumber in comfort while speeding from town to town to their new successes. This caravan of loveliness is augmented by several freight vans “padded” and specially arranged to jearry the persqpal and stage equipirient of the elaborated revu^'witl^ pot less than fifteen.scen6s,'sp4ciTil electrical effects arid severaj hupjdfed of the latest and most daring Hollywood fashion creations, a
score of stage mechanics and wardrobe mistresses are necessary for the proper care and presentation of this production, and this beauty barge floating on wheels in the wings of the night often covering three to four hundred miles during the night from one stage to another, represents the last word in efficiency of concentration showmanship to meet the present dajr conditions of speed* comfort.and ecoriomy. Follies Caprice left Hollywood fbr the road tour exactly thirty-nine weeks ago and has since played in one hundred and fifty-two theatres scattered through twenty-one states and has shown to aggregate audiences of over one million men, women and child]ren, during this period the modern caravan has travelled over 37,500 miles and although this past season was the worst on record for transportation, Pollies Caprice never missed a performance or was
ever late.
On the screen with a platinum cast, ♦‘Two In a Crowd,” featuring Joel McCrea, Jo^n Bennett, Allison Skipworth, Henry Armetta
Andyit^de."
and
LUNA
ALL THIS WEEK
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
ARC
15c Double Feature 15c
TUESDAY - WEDNESDAY LARRY CRABBE “DESERT GOLD” «nd CLAUDE RAINS “MYSTERY OF EDWIN DROOD”
I i
MARS
LAST TIMES TODAY
.BETRAYED WITH A K'SS!
Thursday Only JANE WITHERS
“PEPPER”
FAMILY
LAST TIMES TODAY
JAMES STEWART WENDY BARRIE TED HEALY in “SPEED”
and ROBERT YOUNG BETTY FURNESS in
*3 WISE GUYS”
Tomorrow - Friday
Saturday
BUCK JONES
in
“RIDE ’EM COWBOY” and “NIGHT CARGO”
A1
i
Wednesday, SeptemW 28, 1986
freshmen
Prepare Par
YearlihgSy tJsmg^hid ans In First Trials"
Pitirdue’s varsity squad met, s^ffi opposition in, the form of Coach ]|$urnham’8 frpsh Squaid'at th^e closed pyUclicfs last ni|l»tvjiUnhing thtbUgh tiniversitj^’^ pl^,^ looked Very impreSSiVe and’jfeav^ the -^rsity a tough sirUg^le and a real practice, on the plays-of their opponents Saturday'. ' The varsity had a hard time getting used to the Ohio University plays and V the Rhinies made a few Ipng runs before the varsity put a stop to the yearling’s lack of respect for their elderSi '-The frosh’ looked so good that it was generally agreed that they were better drilled ih their plays than any other frosh squad in recent years and they could not in any way be called the suicide squad, the name of most frosh squads sent as fodder to the varsity, Next Saturday’s Clash As Saturday’s clash drayvs closer, the Boilermaker eleven is beginning to take form and is tending to get down to definite lineup. The end duties have for some time settled down upon Vergane and Powell. Woltman and Schreyer appear as the best bets at the tackles. Bell is holding down his position at center as expected. The guards are more of a problem, but the duties seem to fall to Burmeister and Grant. •fhe backfield has been shuffled about quite frequently and is at last getting around to its expected sha.pe. Isbell and Stalcup are playing the halves. Gift is calling signals, and Drake is cracking the line from fullback position,
Yale, Harvard, University of Wisconsin and University of Buffalo men have leading positions on the new G. O. P. brain trust.
(jld and Rare
First Editions
on Exhibition and for Sale at
1005 MAIN STREET open Evenings and Sundays
These and many others may be seen and examined at any time. Shine are for sale. In addition to above we haye more than five thousand volumes current and popular fiction, religious, treWcal, historical and biographical workf, including more than tivo burred first editions- of present ceiitury authors. ,
Come in and "brouse.”
jdSEPHU^t82,9, j. Grigg, Philadelphia. . First Edition'; full leather. Two volumes.
FRANCIS RABEJjAlS. TJnexpurgated. London. Privately :i)lsinted, numbered and regr. istered edition. ' edition, new. Two volumes,'.7
JEAN JACQUES ROUSSEAU, The Confessions o^. 'Two pidyately printed (London) , numbered atid ; registered volumes, identical with,' the -Rabelaise. New. First edi- . tion. Unexpurgated.
WORKS OF LORD BYRON. Complete in one volume. Cocntains all suppressed poems. By J. W. Lake. Philadelphia, 1884. Original full leather.
TYTLER’S HISTORY. First American edition, Philadelphia, 1812. Complete in one volume.
THE beauties of SCOTLAND. Five volumes. Edinburgh printed, I8O5, London published. St^l engraving illustrated throughout. First edition. MEMOIRS OF GENERAL WILLIAM T. SHERMAN, by Himself. First' edition. St; Louis, 1866.' Contains (in pocket of ■Vol. 1) iatge official map showing all marches of the Union Army during the yrar. Perfectly preserved. Two volumes, dark blue cloth.
OLD SETTLERS. Lafayette, 1860. "The .Courier Steam and Job Printing House, Ohio Street.” By Sanford Cox. First and . only edition.
SKETCHES BY MARK TWAIN. First edi■tion. Hartford and Chicago, 1876. Full leather. Also first edition Of' “Tramp Abroad” and an early editipn of "Roughing It” by ^'thasame author.
AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF P. T. BARNUM. “Struggles and Triumphs.” First edition, Hartford, 1870.
LORENZO DOW’S JOURNAL. FOur volumes in one; revised with notes, under title “History of Cosmopolite.” Published by Joshua Martin, Wheeling, W. Va., 1848.
ROLLIN’S ANCIENT HISTORY. Two volumes, first edition, original full leather. Cincinnati, 1861; Steel engraving illustrated throughout.
IN DARKEST AFRICA. By Henry M. Stan- . ley. Two, volumes, original dark cloth. ‘ Fint edition. New York, 1890. R:^LRS of the AMERICAN REVCLU- ■ TION. One volume, full leather. By Henw ' B. Carrington. M. A., liL.D., Col. U. B. ■Army; New York, Chici^o and^NOw Op- ' Itens; 1877. With historical and military , witicism. Topographically illustrated. First and only edition.
IIHB DIVINE COMEDY OF DANTB. By : John Wilstach. Translated from the original Greek. First and only edition. Orig-K.-Boston and New Vorkf TreaentaUon copy, autographed; - With author’s photograph. 'Two volumet.
I, had one of the i^evbn ?ii^i>i*' undefeated 'YhotbfiR gig^ads^^ lasf season, ahd was setii^ oUsiy ql^isMeitfed as a Rose Bowl can^idabs- Uast yeaT was the second cOttSe^fitive yefir that'Ohib UttiVeysft^^i^ iindefeatM and-untied/ The ■Ohio ^Uad also has won the' ‘RUeke^eieUqnferenee championship four-timeSvitt the last seveh jreeTs and thbeC times during this period finished T^the season undefeated.
Sa lvor Form Coacjb Orders Relearning Of Fundamentals
Bloomington, Ind., Sept. 22-7-Plainly dissatisfied With the shining of the Indiana squad in ifs pracs tice scrimmages, Coach Bo MoMillin has ordered renewed activity on the learning of fundamentals. Ragged execution; of plays and definite flaws in tackling and blocking, revealed in the scrimmages this week, have served to convince members of the coaching Staff that these departments of the game must be polished well before the opening game here Oct. 3 against Centre. The Centre eleven, which defeated its freshman rivals last Saturday by a six-touchdown margin, will play the strong Temple team next Friday night at Philadelphia, and will have'the advantage of actual ganae competition before coming to the Hoosier camp. Indiana’s drills have been confined to intra-squad scrimmages this week, but it is probable that a game will be played Saturday; Conditioning work will continue to be an important part of the Indiana training schedule. The Hoosiers, starting with their opening game Oct. 3, will have nO rest for the remainder of the season, nieeting,,after the Centre game, Michigan, Nebraska, Ohio State, Iowa, Syracuse, Chicago and Purdue, in the order named. Starting Lineup Unselected McMillin has yet to select even the basis of a, starting eleven, as members of the squad are being put through their paces at various assignments, to build up reserve strength in the event atty key man is disabled. ; Davis On Sidelines Corby Davisi yeteran fullback, who has been on the sidelines suffering from a severe: c61d, iis expected back in the lineup; sometime this week. Offensive maneuvers will receive greater attention under the present schedule, and a thorough refurbishing of Indiana’s, vaunted aerial attack is otte of the big items of business. The Hoosiers last year capitalized on several daring lateral pass plays, but McMillin has put the danger sign on the piromiscuous attack, and the backs have been warned “don’t throw it if you can’t make it good.”
THE PURDUE
E^PDRENfT
BIG STANDiNUB
NATIONAL LEAGUE - ,, - W. ■ -■'L.--New York.. :...89 59 St. Louis .,.85 64 Chicago.. ; .86 65 Pittobnrgh..,, ,,....,...,._..,...;.,.82 68 Cincinnati...;.......'..............,.....^..'?! ,• . 78 Boston ................69 79 Brooklyn.......... ._......:...63 86 Philadelphia... 52 97
What’s In A Name?
Out On ifiatu^day
H nknies
;Mth her 4^eUsj Isb6|lls) Drakes, Gifts, BtalcupS; jand GraDts cannot eVen be conceded an Outride chance Saturday against Ohio University* The Hubrat TQsfer boasts a, list, ol skis, b.yics, sons, and tzkes that WQidd put even .the fighting Irish of Notre Dame to shame.. Imagine Drake and Isbell trying to crash’through a couple of tackles named Adamcyzk and Nelson. Would Bell be able' to compete with such mei) as Ivarjr and Mtuzik ? Cherhitski, JurkOVic, and DohfriO are the monickers of three of the four lettermen from last year’s undefeated Ohio University eleven who are sure to rfiake positions oU this y^wr’s squad. The other vetbran. Bill Morigan, left end, comes niore nearly in the Same class with the Boilermaker ends, Powell and yfer-
gane.
Of the newcomers, Janiak, a, halfback; Admneya^, at right tackles; Platzke, right end, and Mruzik, from Ashtebula; are conceded an edge in the race to bewildfer and twist the tongues of the announcers. Coaeh Peden, as if ashamed of hintself, gives relief to the announcers with a man by the musical sounding name of Caruso at left guard, and men with such ordinary names as Dunn and Wills at fullback. Looking over the Boilermaker varsity, Burmeister appears to have the only “fighting Irish” name on the squad ahd he has to face either, Dqnfrio or Caruso. Less possible candidates for action in this battle, of names are Klika and Ippolito, who appear about the best bets bn Purdue’s squad. But in spit of the odds againSt a Successful ending for the Boilerr maker squad in the clash Saturday, Coach Kizer is stiU expecting tO put a team on the field against Ohio University.
Spruce ^ Soup With Sauces And Seasonings
Pet. .691 .570 .667 .547 .477 .466 .423 .349
AMERICAN LEAGUE
W.
L.
Pet.
New York........
.....99
49
.669
Detroit
83
68
.550
Chicago.....
...;.78
69
.631
Washington.....
..........
79
70
.530
Cleveland.........
.....76
72
.514
Boston
...73
77
.487
St. Louis ...
„...66
92
Ji74
Philadelphia....
. .;.6i
97
.346;
YESTERDAY'S RESULTS
NATIONAL LEAGUE Boston, 4-3 ; Brooklyn, 3-2. Chieago, II: Pittsburgh, 4. . . Philadelphi<^ 11-6; New York, 7-2. St. Louis, 6; Cincinnati, 3. AMERICAN LEAGUE ; Washington, 4; Boston, 0. : New York. 10; Philadelpkln, 8. Dettroit, 12-ti: St: Lonis, 0-61. Cleveland, 8; ChiMgo, 8 (tie, called, at end of 12th, darkness).
TODAY'S GAMES
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Pittsburgh at Chicago. Cinciifilati at Bk. Louis. i g ew York at Philadelphia, toefclyn at Boston. AMptlGAN LBAGUa Chkago ut ClevrihMd. St. Laala at IlsittuB. Boston at Waghlngtoq. . ■ Fhilade^hla hf-HKiTYarii.;-.; '■
When you’ve 'goti^h tired of plaih toinatq juice; cpcktaRs and want tg makg faces every tihie it is put be-j fore you, just coptrol yourself an4 suggest that next; time the cook put in it a few drops .of Worcestershire sauce. You will open youir eyes, lick your lips, and wonder whether this is tomato juice. Many Mother ingredients and combinations may change your juice so that yoii need never tire of it. V ^ And egg^—Rfter nineteen mornings of the same omelet—we suggest that a dash of Soy Sauce will keep you as an egg-eater. We people of thq northern regions might learn to eat more Seasonings/ -Qur southern neighbors, for some reason, have learned to pep up their left-over meats, their eggs, gravies, stuffings for vegetables and meats, sandwiches, and even those slippery
oysters.
Potatoes or rice with meat gravy with a bit of barbecue sauce convince you that, whether you wish to get fat or not, you must have a second helping. Bite In To Two Sandwiches What is worse than to bite into a sandwich and find an uncut piece of plain , cold meatY But what is better on the same picnic than a sandwich with a bit of soy sauce as well as the usual mustard? We have die cided that there is nothing better. We’re not suggesting that you serve your guests or your family to meals in which every article has its own taste drowned in a flood of sauces. Your use of these sauces should be gentle, so as to enha,nce, not dull, the original taste. Salad dressings, so often little more in taste than oil with a little salt or vinegar, can be made to ab tract notice, as well as use, by a feW drops of barbecue or Worcestetshire sauce.' ■ I ■ Here in the inland of Indiana, Where good fish are hard to get, it should be given every possible advantage to let PS know what th® people nearer water enjoy so much. A sauce of dressing, finely diced pickles, celery, peppers, mustard and some barbecue sauce will make your fish worthy of its name. If you’re Ipcky enough to have soup often enough to get tired of it, you will be ii^terested to know that soup tastes may be dhanged and inaproved by the addition of any one of the three sauces—-Worcestershire; barhecue or soy. Plain vegetable beef sopp takes on many tastes.
■leiHer 8».*, ....choice -By Bob ^
; An eKi^neht oplnh’tttttity for prospective golffiris is being offered by the ittiraninial : department,
— —^ , and Chief Clef^tL ; i . bCgfimliig Ytes afternoon and daily through next Tuesday, lessons in the sport will be offered to all those desiring to leain.
——fc—
ThEe^NnO®®® will he under the capable supervision of Frank Flanders, a local professional who spent Some of his summer time at the West Lafayette Public Coiirse . . . the first week; fq. :all those,; interested there will be nq charge , . . classes will be hqurlyi at 3,’4 and 6 . . . Whatfs more, this is open to co-eds fas well as eds , i.
-T-fOr-'
, It isn’t often thfat something of this kind OCcqrS around this University because of the large student body, SO take advantfage of it . . . learn to drive, putt, and approach
nOw...
■■■
Intramural softball is well under way ... fraternity teams are practicing daily, and aU reports in^mite that’thmre will be plenty of competition once the regular schedule sets in.
Reports from the hospital where Lowell Decker and Pat Malaska are confined are more encouraging every day ... we all hope for the best...
The U. of California football stadium rests directly over a “fault” which could cause its complete destruction during an earthquake.
Domer’a Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
ScobeO'a ' REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Suppliet 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
RL^ATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
#akTVmrney
Tonight all fraternity softball teams will get fa rest in order td get rCady for the iirsi round of the iiiterfrfatemity, softball tonnuunent Which starts tomorrow evening. As plenty of difaUmnds are available, the intramural department is scheduling all fratertiities for games on this date.
Decker And Midaska Show IniproTement
Steady improvement in the conditions of Lowell Decker and Pat Malaska were reported last night by attendants at St. Elizabeth's hospital, where they are being treated for burns suffered in the recent dressing room explosion. Decker’s condition is improving d&ily and physicians believe he will soon be out Of danger. Malaska is believed to be out of danger now,,
John ‘‘The Cop” Quigley, for 40 years an JlYU campus policemfni, hfas been presented with a inahog-any-and-silver nightstick, the gift of students.
SWiM'MMl AnKtticaa Wstohes, ClMks of All lDitid8'. ... Crystkis for Ail Watches LYLEE,F1BHER WATCHMAKBR ■'“Thisban we do. Hot wedoit wdl” It pays to come.—. 322 Ferry Stnei Lafatgrette; Ind. ; Om>ome New PoM Office
ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S Wed., Sept. 30, 9:60 p. m. INTERMEDIATE Thurs., Oct. 1, 7:00 p. m. ADVANCED Friday, Oct 2, 6:30 p. m.
Children’s Claisscs Open SatnrAqr, SivL 26
ALUM'S
Phone 2150 6th A Ferry
Hardware, Paint and Glass
822-824 Main Street LAFAYETE, INDIANA
Bomber Win Fifth Roimd
Detiuit^ Boiml^ Louis, who Wus kmlhAeff 0^ only opponent who stood up anii fought, eontinned his, latest “sen^ sational rise" by pushing over Ail Rttore in the fifth round of thdr fight in Philadelphhi last iAf^ Joe LOois had the situation well uuder hand as he fioored Ettore in the first and almost knocked out the Philadelphia heavyweight in the fourth and finaRy finished him in thefifth.
The “roving student" pUui inaugurated this year at Pihftcetdn; alliSws students' the wid^ possible ekoiee of courses.
DR.A;linttCiN Ddltist/^;'-■ tidYz Vine West Lafayette Ph(inie4965
Ttie Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAVL A. RISK DR. HAROLD 1. RISK Djg. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK |400^ite|ta^dg; Phteioitgl
SPAltRgNDAHL Merchant Tailor SOtlMSinSt.
Keys for tiwda, da^w locks, UmR loehsb nigfct Istelics sfad pamsdtt. Ants keys and huidls iSdis a tee- ■ cislte*. , F'. jos, Mhlhanpt & Son 206-11 North FifUi StMet Mime MS LafW*R*, lad.
HAS EYlBfflYTHlNG far■'R. ■ C<HsLE6E EDUCATION ^ ^ RBISNER
Plumbing, Heating, Water So|tenera. and Automatic , / Gas Heaters ;
33 Years in tiie Business
DUNCAN-LARSON, INC
Phone 4450
1622 East Main
Get the Pen ^at Never Ciassea nr tocawie
Tlte AJU^AinejHlera^^^^C^^ IWvwNtw
With poubla Ink. Capacity pnd i^uli-length Visible Ink Si^pfy . Shepjs VAYp AMEA^ When IVs , Running Lmo Ite the thmg ihfat 'yoa jblow is the tbiog te do—replace your oldTOtyle pen with this miracle Vacumatic— Parker’s revolutionary invention' that holds 102% mtHre ink WITHOUT INCREASE IN SIZE—that i^ws the ENTIRE ink supply, npt merely the last drop—-shows not only when your pen is mnpty* hut shows DAYS AHEAD when it’s ronning low, so i| CAN’T fOf day againat ymir will!
Today the Parker Vacumatio is the world’s long-dwtenco vwriiw and Style and Beauty Winnow—the sacless marvfd -whose simple w«ddng parte 8caled;in the t^r-^aevot toadied by ink, hmteO won’t Oorrode or That’s why it’s Gito* ANTEED Mechanicatty Petibet. Hi the hands wiwirs, using all kinds'^of ink, tins marvdoua pea has repeatedly proved that it "om lake it" anywhere and any liaae ' -^t''aev4ic .leavea'- iw''owner gaspteg' . fiMr.ink in dassea or esaaufa-;; -'V ■ "If yoollgo and try ite:UMrvdkMia;'
SCIUtTCTi-PROOP Pdnt of ^ dona ^ikima and Sdid yUaTl
l^e yqd dd^te ptet bit
to ^^'^'■'***' **'**^
fies. the' - .gnnnae, ’The.' 'Ptetitec;
ii
^ A'
''i ^ ^ ' " . Art . “ h « k ' Mi-^H ti '
;>v't
rfct ^ V
'S i
•1 ^ 1 *
T1S
M t*^J-y'' ^M*1o l\{'
!-•* iif;
I1
Fff'
i 1
I S
’' i L ^
i^ )
I ^ i I
4l?
Few
1?HE PURDUE EXPONENT
) -JV i ,
^iij ' jtV
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
You say Junior was here only a minute ago?"
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Few prs. new army leggings reasonable. Desk, good one, $12. Desk chairs, ea. $2.00. Book racks, 76c. Small desk, $3.00. Back no. magazines, books, at Moore’s Colonial Mkt., 220 N. 6th.
For Rent — Nicely furnished rooms, and good board for girls at 311 Chauncey Ave. Phone 4311, Mrs. Gerhard.
NOTICES fto fioticM MMOtad after t ^ m.
Fraternity Fresidentn—Meeting of Coun> «il m the peasant room of Union at 7.30 p. m. Sept. 24 —KETTLE.
^Ipha Z«
^ m Sii_the^]
Zeta—Meeting Sept. 23 at 7:15 p,
'peasant room of Union.
—HARDIN
Alpha Phi Omega—Meeting Sept 23 at 7:30 p. m in the peasant room All memhers must be present. —KUECK.
Eta Kappa Nu—A business meeting at 7:30 Sept. 23 in room 2 of Union. —McEACHROM.
W. S. G. A. Executive Board—^Meet in office at 7:16. All members
Football Managers—^All freshman and sophomore managers meet in locker room of gym at 7:00 Sept. 23 for short meeting Very important. —MAISH, HODGDON.
Home Ec Club—Meeting Sept. 24 at 4 on lawn west of Home Ec Building. —MURPHY
Glider Club—Open meeting Sept. 23 in room B of Union addition at 7 ;16 p. m. —O’NEAL.
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
tirddhesday. SfebtcihbeT 2§,
Fraternity Pledges
Alpha Lambda Delta—Meeting Sept 23 at 7:30 p m. in room 1 of Union. —PITTMAN
Speech Clinic—^Will the following persons report to room 308, University Hall, as soon as possible: C W. Batey, William Cbomyak, John Downey, F. B. Finnegan, E. E. Gallup, Helen Koons, M. G. Marquis, V. J. McLean, H E Mennen, J A. Patterson, J. W. Petry, Maurice D. Prage, Robert Shaw, Ray A Toriello, Mary Townsend, R. E. Vanderbilt. —STEER.
P. E. W. Bowling Classes—^The Tuesday and Thursday bowling classes at 9 and 11 o’clock will report at the bowling alleys in the Union this morning. Bring $2 fee. There is room for four more women in the 9 o’clock olass on Tuesday and Thimday’. —HAZELTON.
Veqier Services—^First meeting Sept. 22 »t 4:05 p. m. at Wesley Foundation House. H Kenn Carmichael will speak on ‘‘Religion nnd Drama.” —MeBACHBOM'.
Today W. A. A. open meeting. Phi Lambda Upsilon meeting, room 106 of the Chemistry Building, 8 to 10 p. m. Tomorrow Student Forum in faculty lounge, Miss Coolidge, speaker, 7:30 to 8:30 p. m. Friday Women’s Residence Hall, bid open. Saturday Football game, Ohio U. vs. Purdue, Boy Scout Day. Sunday Co-ed rush opens. Monday Faculty meeting. Science Hall, 4 p. m.
Sigma Chi Honors Convo Celebrities
W. A. A. Hockey—All co-eds wishing to ^participate in the demonstration games on Sept. 24 at 4 p. m. sigm up at the Women’s <;ym. —THOMPSON.
DiscuBsioR Group—Meeting Sept. 23 at 7:80 p. m. in room 2 of Union. —KUEHN.
-Catholic Freshmen—^The Newman club -will hold a reception for you at 8 p. m. Sept, will hold a reception for you after the Loyalty meeting Sept. 24, in St. Mary’s new school Dancing, enitertainment and rafreshments No admission charge —CARTON,
Agdiculture Students—Freshmen receptception -will be postponed until Oct. 1, b^ cause of football loyalty program —HARDIN.
Sophomores—All who wish to work on Union as an activity this year report to the Union office Sept. 24, at 4 —SHOEMAKER
P. L A. Orchestra—^All former members wishing to continue in dance band and -those students who wish tryouts meet in reception room of the Union Sept 24, at 7:80 j>. m —DAY.
"W. A. A. Iced Tea—All freshman women are invited to attend the iced tea at 4 p. m Sept 23, in Women’s Gym. —ELSTUN.
Orefaesis—Meeting at 7:80 p. m. Sept 23, in Women’s Gym. —McKEE.
Radio Club—Open meeting Sept. 24, 7:80 p. m. in room A of the second floor of new Union annex All persons interested are urged -to attend. —WBPPLBR.
W. Af A—All freshman and upperelasswomen are invited to the ice tba at the Women’s Gym at 4 p. m. Sept. 28. Activ> Eties for the entire year will be explained. —ARNOLD.
Freshman Mentors—^Important meeting mt 4:46 Sept. 28, faculty lounge. —SCUDDBR
Notice—^Paychecks are ready at the StuHealth Service tor students who assisted with the physical exams during registration. —MILLER.
Debris—Soph editorial staff meeting Sept M In room 2 of D»km et 4
Flsyslme—All those Pfaiyshop erew# reporii to ’Union bethreen 4 mid 646 9ept, *4. -.UALWS,
Following the all-University convocation Monday evening. Sigma Chi fraternity held a reception at the chapter house in honor of John T. McCutcheon, who presided at the convocation, George Ade, noted humorist, and Edward W. Nell, Jr., radio and opera singer, all of these celebrities being alumni of the active Sigma Chi chapter at Purdue. Miss Amelia Earhart, famed avia trix, her husband, George Palmer Putnam, President and Mrs. Elliott, and Mrs. McCutcheon were also honored guests. Others present included Mr. Carothers Haywood, Professors Walters and Murphy and Major Kurtz. Preceding the convocation. President and Mrs. Elliott entertained twenty guests at dinner in compliment to Miss Earhart, Mr. Putnam, Mr j and Mrs. McCutcheon, Mr. Ade, and Mr. Nell.
The completed list of fraternity pledges continued from yesterday’s Exponent and including eight fraternities is published today. Twentyeight were published in yesterday’s
paper.
Delta Chi M, S. Riddiford, Chicago, 111.; W. Starrett, Chicago, 111.; J. E. Wagner, Chicago, 111.; A. W. Ton, Chicago, m.; R. Michels, Chicago, 111.; M. L. Stamm, Columbia; J. C. Black, Madison; J. A. Wallace, Dayton, 0.; G. Johnson, Terre Haute; M. A. Black, Washington, D. C.; H. Lucos, Lafayette; J. A. Bundy, Ft. Wayne; J. R. Clapp, Ft. Wayne; D. R. McLeish, Ft. Wayne; W. Zimmerman, Gary; Danielson, LaGrange, 111. Alpha Kappa Lambda R. Carlson, Marquette, Mich.; L. Smith, Anderson; W. Hardesty, Indianapolis; J. Day, Indianapolis; W. Shirley, Indianapolis; G. Nicklas, La Porte. Lambda Chi Alpha L. Blocker, Huntington; C. Mayo, Baldwin, N. Y.; B. Weisner, Dayton, O.; P. Wehrenberg, Jr., Port Wayne; F. Rosebrock, Indianapolis; E. Kendall, Glenn Ellyn, 111.; A. Cooper, Fortville; G. Greey, Amityville, N. Y.; G. Thompson, Richmond; J. Welsch, Hempstead, N. Y.; H. Welsch, Hempstead, N. Y.; N. Thompson, Lorain, 0.; J. Galleher, Huntington; J. Nicoll, Chicago, 111.; J. Myers, Roachville. Sigma Nu J. R. Jarvis, Bloomfield; A. M. Belfield, Evanston, 111.; P. M. Antibus, Indianapolis; P.H. Wolfard,Indianapolis; L. W. Singleton, Robinson, 111.; A. Boggs, South Bend; H. Prazee, Cleveland, O.; R. E. Insley, Indianapolis; J. M. Rice, Cleveland, O.; H. C. Schryver, Warren, O.; E. S. Hill, Wilmington, Dela.; H. J. Clark, Owensboro, Ky. R. R. Mock, South Bend; E. J. Disher, Indianapolis; C. A. Ross, Kentland; E. H. Roepstorff, Knox; E. P. Couden, Michigan City; H. L. Nervison, Indianapolis; D. R. Dickson, Indianapolis; H. S. Hawes, Maces, Ky.; H. G. Telford, Shaken Heights, 0.; J. Wengierski, Oak Park, 111.; M. Rieke, Auburn; E. Smith, Indianapolis; W. J. Smith, Rocky River, O.; E. W. Little, Indianapolis; R. D. McCreery, Bracks ville, O. Phi Kappa Psi G. Alexander, W. Lafayette; W. B. Bauchman, Akron, O.; R. S. Bridges, Hawaii; R. E. Buenting, Pittsburgh, Pa.; J. B. Carter, Weatherford, Okla.; J. W. Cochran, Spencerville, O.; D. B. Coombs, St. Louis, Mo.; H. C. Evans, Norwood, 0.; R, M. Pifield, Lowell; D. T. Fisher, Anderson; A. Kienly, Lafayette; R. E. Long, Denver, Colo.; H. L. Miller, Lafayette; J. A. Richardson, Kokomo; W. C. Rumbley, Brazil, G. W Smith, Laurenceburg, C. Smith, Kennilworth, 111.; J. Walkey, W. La fayette; J. Watson, Springfield, 111. Pi Kappa Phi R. A. Anderson, Chicago, 111.; S. M. Angus, Chicago Heights, 111.; L. E. Armstrong, Chicago, HI.; C. Z. Beckley, Lead, So. Dakota; F. F. Beretta, Bedford; J. G. Broberg, Chicago, III.; G. E. Bruington, Ana helm, Cal.; H. E. Burkhardt, Chicago, 111.; J. W. Castino, Chicago, III.; J. G. Catterall, Whiting; M. R, Cleveland, Waterloo, la.; P. W. Edwards, Chicago,* 111.; D. C. Porburger, Benton Harbor,‘®Mich. R. R. Girton, Brazil; T. E. Hennis, Chicago, 111.; J. D. Longfield, South Bead; L. L. Lyles, El Paso, Tex.; D.
By C* B. Sfliiroeder If you are in doubt as to Vrbat type of grand piano to buy the next time you are shopping try the method used by the University. It was decided this fall that the piano in the Union music room had outworn its usefulness. Instead of going to a music concern and picking out a piano at random the University tried a sure-fire method. Three different makes of grand pianos were brought to the music room of the Union and placed against the wall. Then piano players were placed at each piano and they started in playing. Blindfold Test Directly behind them, however, a screen was placed. Behind this screen 17 local musically inclined jpeople were seated with their backs to the pianos. These 17 people were to decide on the piano to be pur-
chased.
Each piano was played, and then the players exchanged places at the
R. H. Smith Married To Louise Gunn Saturday
Prof, and Mrs. John Tevis Gunn, of the University modem languages department, announce that the marriage of their daughter, Louise, to Russell Herrick Smith, of LaGrange, Illinois, which took place Saturday evening at the First M. E. church in the city. Both Miss Gunn and Mr. Smith were graduated from the University in 1934; she is a member of Chi Omega sorority, and he of Triangle fraternity.
Slicker Players
We have the only Snooker Table in the city.
6 Pocket (Pool), 2 Billiard, 1 Snooker
Lester’s Billiard Hail
312 State St. Across from P. 0.
S
F R I E D M|A N
■ FINE FOODS
8th and Main Lafayette
Phenes 3021 and 3022—We Deliver Open Every Day and Sunday Until 10 at Night Wholesale to Fraternities and Sororities
Select Your Next Piano With Novel Method Used By Union
W. McDermid, Toledo, O.; T. F. Miller, Yorktown; D. F. Muller, Boontown, N. J.; H. W. Nevin, Chicago, 111.; D. H. Spring, Wauwatoso, Wis.; R. H. Suabedissm, South Bend; J. G. Swinney, Charlotta, N. C.; T. Wodmansee, Marion. Theta Chi C. Krug, Hammond; S. Forsell, Blue Island, 111.; H. Meyer, Geneva, N. Y.; C. Hendrickson, Indianapolis; G. Deitz, Forest Park, 111.; J. Supplee, Toledo, 0.; P. Smith, Hartford City; J. Jackson, Highland Park, Ill.i W. Szabo, Toledo, 0.; A. Ippolito, Chicago, 111.; B. Wright, Panama Canal Zone; F. Weymouth, Buffalo, N. Y.; F. McNaughton, Fremont.
three pianos and the process repeated. This continued on and on, until finally the choice narrbWed down to a seven foot Steintvay and a Stein grand. Opinion was so divided as to the best of the remaining two that the final choice has not been made yet. Other Piano For WRH There is a possibility that the piano not being chosen ior the Union will be placed in the Women’s Residence Hall. Regardless of which piano is finally chosen it .will not], necessarily be the piano for the musical qualities of a piano vary considerable with structure of the room. For instance, a very brilliant piano would be required for the billiard room. The piano in the Union music room, however, is only one of many musical instruments available. If you feel musically inclined you have only to check out an instrument by asking for a key at the Union desk.
Beeson Reelected Soybean Leader
Keller E. Beeson, of the University agronomy extension staff, was reelected secretary-treasurer of the American Soybean Association at its annual meeting this week at Ames, Cedar Rapids, and Hudson, Iowa.
The thinktiur fellow ealla A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occaoiona 26e per passenper anr part of the city 5023 PHONES 2071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Ice ClrOam, Home Made Cake and Pie West Side Baptist Church Wed P. M., 7:00 State and Pierce
) 1 (I
ADULT BALLROOM DANCING CLASSES. OPEN Beginner’s Wed., Sept. 23,7:30 p. m. Advanced Fri., Sept. 25, 7:30 p. m.
Finest Bollreom In Indiana, remodeled and newly decorated.
ALLEN'S
Phone 2150 6th a Ferry
Is your hair dried from the summer sun and wind? Let us get it back into good condition and give you your winter permanent.
Co-ed Pays Thursday-Priday. KIENLY Beauty Studio Phone 7727 662 Main
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT IT’S YOURS FOR ONLY $2.60
Freshmen Women! Have You Any Questions Concerning What to Wear During
RUSH!
We have anticipated your needs and wishes, and have placed in our store a
Personal Shopping Bureau
With Miss Virginia Meguiar in charge to tell you what to wear to parties, what accessories you will need to make your outfit complete, and whether or not you will wear hats and gloves to teas. She will also conduct tours through the store to introduce you to the various departments. She can he found on the balcony above the front entrance.
Loeb & Hene Company
Over 65 Years of Quality Merchandise
Freshmen Pots
. 39c
Coveralb $1. For Shop Work
48 up
Trench Coats For those rainy days to come
$2.98 1
j Reliable Clothing 224 Main Street. p. p Lafayette
Co.
Wi. .jV J
w 'vi ^