' ’ T’ V Vi!'
'- tf
ijiiyu' 1 ' Jij )
't:
t'
SThc Pursue lKxjj0ncjTt
Published Daily by Students of IHiifdue University
voiiUMB XLvni
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1936
number S7
Radio Leaders Meet Here
Saturday
Expect 150 Here For
Broadcast Forum j 7
Speakers Scheduled
Some of the leaders in the field of education by radio in the entire United States will be at Purdue University next Saturday, Dfecember 6, for the Indiana Radio conference, sponsored by the Purdue radio committee, WBAA, School of Electrical Engineering, Engineering Extension Division and the Division of Speech. From 126 to 150 persons interested in broadcasting, are ex-
pected to attend. Speakers S. Howard Evans, New York, of the national committee on education by radio, will discuss “Education And The Radio.” Homer Bath of WMBD at Peoria, 111., will speak on “DirejCting Public Opinion By The Radio,” and W. W. Dorrell, manager of WOWO at Ft. Wayne, will discuss “Making Use Of The Local Commercial Station,” and Joseph Wright of the University of Illinois and director of WILL will speak on “Use Of The Institutional Radio Station.” Afternoon Program In the afternoon, W. B. Boutwell of the office of education in Washington, D. C., will discuss “What Will The Public Accept In Radio Programs”: Miss Blanche Young of the Indianapolis public schools will speak on “The Preparation Of The Radio Script,” Edward Smith, production manager of WON, will talk on staging a radio program and others will take part in the discussion. Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering and chairman of the Purdue radio committee, will preside at the opening session; Harold K, Phillips, publicity director of the American Legion, will preside at the noon luncheon and J. R. Burton, director of WLBC at Muneie, will preside at thS^afternoon meeting. The morning program will be held in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building and the afternoon session in the music room and studio in the new section of the Union Building.
Special Committee Consider Vacation
Recommendations
Members of the special committee on the University calendar met yesterday afternoon in the Civil Engineering Building %o consider changes proposed fot next year and years to follow. A longer Thanksgiving vacation, lengthening of each semester to a full 16 weeks, and' changes in the dates of the baccalaureate service and commencement were among the points discussed.
The committee will meet again Friday afternoon and will report its findings to President Elliott next week.
CAN you IMAGINE
Tanco Will Address Camera Club Mee^
Paul W. Tanco, West Lafayette photographer, will address the University Camera Club tomorrow evening at* 7:15 with some of his experiences on press assignments supplemented by a few tips on how to handle atid how to sell news photographs. In addition to his work with the Lafayette newspapers, Mr. Tanco is frequently asked to get shots for the Associated Press, Wide World, and other national news services. The meeting will be held in room B of the l^emorial Union Building addition, and is open to everyone.
Greek Council Schedules Special Convo Illinois, DePauw Deans To Speak Tomorrow In
Fowler Hall
A “Fraternity Convocation,” open to all University students, whether they be members of fraternal organizations or independents, is being sponsored tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall, by the Fraternity Presidents’ Council. Dean Turner, of the University of Illinois, and Dean G. H. Smith, of DePauw University, will be the principle speakers. The purpose of the convocation, as given by the Fraternity President’s Council, is “to discuss problems facing fraternities today, to discuss the criticisms which fraternities are receiving, and to discuss methods of eliminating the causes of the criticisms.” The deans will give the school’s side of the question with suggestions as to how to obtain better relationships between university administrators and the fraternities. D. P. Morse, Beta Theta Pi, vice chairman of the Fraternity Presidents’ Council, is chairman of the convocation.
Allen To Speak Tomorrow
Will Discuss Technique Of Job Interviews
Important information for upperclassmen who desire to secure positions after graduation or during the summer months will be given tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 101 of the Education Building, when W. R. Allen, personnel director of L. S. Ayres and Company, of Indianapolis, conducts ^demonstration interviews and speaks on the subject, “How To Interview An Employer To Secure A Position.” Another “job getting clinic” will be conducted December 10 at the same time and place, when three representatives of the General Electric Company will give demonstrations in this subject.
House Named 4-H
Foods Champion
Young Yugoslavian Overcomes Fear Of Perishing At ^Perdre* University
By Mary Cooley
Purdue University nearly lost a student when a young man from Yugoslavia hesitated to enter because in French “perdre” means “to perish.” Vangel Bistro, a junior science student, wTio is 6,000 miles from home, had struggled through his first hectic eight months in this country, and he had no intentions of going to any place where there loomed any more possibilities of perishing.
Bonita F. House, University freshman in the school of home economics, has been named national champion in a 4-H food preparation contest. The contest was sponsored by an electric refrigerator manufacturing company. A trip to the national 4-H congress and a $400i scholarship for college were given the Dayton girl as first prize.
“Tka Foreucists iryout lomorrow
GOING
■kji^kxlfow?
Mr. Bistro came to America from his native land late in 1930. His reason for emigrating was his desire for an education without the handicaps accompanying the compulsory army life which all Yugoslavian boys over eighteen must endure. The importance of military preparation may be traced to the proximity of the country to the
scene of actual fighting during the World War. He recalled that the villagers sought refuge from airplane bombardments on one occasion for five weeks in the nearby caves beneath rocks. The population of the town was 30,000 previous to 1914, and is now diminished to 13,000. The living and working conditions of the soldiers are very deplorable, so Mr. Bistro made his escape. After paying $250 commission for the necessary papers to leave the country, he sailed from Genoa, Italy. Dictionary Equipped Equipped with a pocket-size Cro-ation-English Dictionary (Croatia is part of Yugoslavia), Mr. Bistro defended himself valiantly during his two-day detainment at Ellis Island and his subsequent trip by Continued on page 4)
Final Leap Year Opportunities For Co-Eds At WAA Dance Friday
Tryouts for this year’s co-ed debate squad will be held in room 301 of the University Hall, 4 p. m., tomorrow. Because of the short published notice all girls interested are asked to make an appearance whether or not they have a speech prepared. Each girl will make a three minute talk supporting either side of the c|uestion» “Resolved: That the esseUtial features of the NYA should be made permanent.”
By Dorothea Justin
Forgetting — or remembering — that this December is the last month in Leap Year, W. A. A. co-eds are staging a “Half-Way Meet.” This co-ed bid dance will be held Friday, December 4, in the Memorial Union ballroom. Dick Hartom and his orchestra from the University of Illinois will play. Something different, but something that would show University men that they are appreciated, was wanted by the W. A. A. dance committee. A Sweater Hop ? Too much like school. Something like Gold Digger’s, or the Gingham Gallop? W. A. A. proudly refused to chisel. Wanted—something new, original, W. A. A. ish. So the “Half-Way Meet” evolved. Girls would meet men half way. By buying ^tickets and asking the guests. University women are fulfilling suggestions from the W. A. A. for the second large co-ed bid affair of the year. Tickets at a dollar a couple are on sale at the Memorial Union desk and all sorority and co-ed resident houses. Men are to continue their usual sundry habits. They will go on holding coats, compacts, and lip rouge; opening doors; offering cigarettes, and buying cokes or coffee. But the “Half-Way Meet” has other implications. If a girl follows its plan to the letter, she and her guest will meet half way between their respective residences and thence go to the dance. Seemingly a clever and very liter-al-minded co-ed could get in some subtle leap-yearing.
Juniors Must Sign For Hanley Contest Before Next Tuesday
Juniors who wish to participate in the Hanley Speech Contest must sign in either Dean Potter’s office in the Enginering Administration Building or at the speech office in University Hall. The deadline has been set for Tuesday, December 8, at 4 p. m. Speeches will be heard Wednesday, December 9 at 7:30 p. m., in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. Juniors only will be considered in this division of the Hanley contest. The prize for the winner of this particular contest has not yet been announced. To the jnniors placing highest in their class contest will be given the opportunity of entering the Hanley finals in March. The winner of the final contest will receive a cash prize of $60, while the man placing second will be given
Elliott To Discuss Books Tonight
Dr. Edward C. Elliott will present an informal discussion of books at the regular weekly meeting of tbe Browsing Room discussion group tonight at 7:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building.
Choir To Make
Trip Sunday
WiH Visit Peru, Huntington, And Ft. Wayne Fof Short Concerts
Dinner at the Memorial Union Building on Sunday, December 6, will be the first of a series of engagements for the members of the Purdue Concert Choir on Sunday and Monday. After dinner the choir will travel by chartered bus to Peru, where they wUl give a sacred concert at ^:30 o’clock. The conceirt is under tbe auspices of the Council of Churches in Peru.
At 6:00 o’clock the choir will be the dinner guests of the Presb3d:erian Church of Huntington, Indiana, after which they will give a variety concert in the church.
Fort Wayne Concerts The choir is planning to spend the night, Sunday, in Ft. Wasme, Indiana, maintaining headquarters at the Hotel Indiana. At 10 o’clock Monday morning they will sing for convocation at the North Side High School. The program will consist of popular and semi-classical songs. Lunch will be served to the choir at the South Side EQgh School, after which they will present a convocation there.
The parents of John Brubaker, manager and soloist of the Concert Choir, have invited members of the choir to be their guests for dinner at 5:30 o’clock. At 8 o’clock a concert which will be open to the public will be given in the North Side High School. This program is under the auspices of the music and the speech departments of the high school. Accompanists Morey J. Doyle, piano soloist, and William T. Douglas, popular pianist, will accompany the choir. The usual soloists will sing specialty and feature numbers. Director Albert P. Stewart and Mrs. Stewart are in charge.
Batik-MakerToGive
Exhibition Today
Savo Radulorich, St. Louis batik genius will be the guest artist at the Union Art Club meeting tomorrow at 7:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. Savo, has made himself famous with his cloth sketches of the battlelegends of his Balkan ancestors, wiU demonstrate the making of one of the pictures for the gproup. He sketches his design upon cloth and overlays with wax the parts which he does not want to receive color. Ten dippings into a steaming pot may be necessary to fix one shade upon the cloth. Born in the Balkans, he came to America when a child, and finished high school in this country. He then worked several years in the coal mines and factories before entering the Washington University Art School in St. Louis. Since completing his art studies in 1931, the batik-maker has had three widely praised shows in St. Louis.
University Takes Stock Show Awards
Win Ribbons In All Oasses At International Livestock Show
Debate Delegates JNeed Rooms For Friday Night The Seventh Annual Debate Conference for high school students will be held this week-end at Purdue University. Rooms are needed for girls for Friday night. Persons in Lafayette or West Lafayette who have rooms available for Friday night are requested to list their rooms at the Dean of Men’s office^by calling 2675.
The San Jacinto battle ground, where Texas won her independence from Mexico in 1896, is a favorite week-end outing spot with Mex-
EXPONENT STAFF Members of the editorial, sports, and co-ed staffs will meet Saturday afternopn at 2 o’clock in the Exponent office. —MORRIS.
The University made a fairly clean sweep of the awards in all of the classes of competition for Berkshire barrows at the International Livestock Show in Chicago Monday. Exhibiting the reserve chjampion Berkshire barrow and the reserve champion pen of barrows, Purdue also took first and sixth place in the 160-200 pound class of Berkshire barrows^ fourth and fifth in the 220240 pound class, third and fourth in the 240-300 pound class, first in the 160-200 pound class for a pen of three, second in the 200-240 pound class for a pen of three, second place in the 240-300 pound class for a pen of three, and second in the competition for the best five barrows, get of one sire. Hereford Steer Purdue also showed the second place Hereford steer, class of 876 Continued on page 4)
Debaters To
Open Session Here Friday
Boeing Offers Scholarships
Theses Basis Of Competition In 8th Annual Contest
The W. E. Boeing Scholarships, sponsored by W. E. Boeing during the past seven years, will be offered again during the school year id 1936-37 to imiversity undergraduate students in the United States and Canada, who are interested in aviation as a career. Four awards in the form of fiying, technical, and semi-technical courses with a tuition value of $11,000, will be given at the Boeing Schoof of Aeronautics Oakland, California, a division of United Air Lines 'Transport Corporation. Requirements The scholarships will be awarded on the basis of a thesis competition. To be eligible, students must meet the following requirements: (Continued on page 3)
Freshman Debate Tryouts Advanced
Sevnih Annual Conference Win Discuss IJtiiity Ownrship
'The much-mooted question of public utility ownership will provide the main topic for discussion at the seventh annual Indiana High School Debate Conference which will be held at Purdue University on Friday and Saturday. Judging from advance reservations, a record crowd of well over 600 debating students and instructors will be in attendance for the comprehensive two-day program. Following registration, the conference will formally open Friday afternoon with an intercollegiate debate between Purdue and Hlinois on the question,. “Resolved, That all electric utilities should be govemmentally owned and operated,” which is the topic that has been chosen for high school debaters in this state for the current year. Following the debate. Dr. C. C. Cunningham, Director of Forensics at Northwestern University, will present a critique and analysis. The afternoon program wRl be brought to a close with district meetings for menibers of the Indiana Etigh School Debate League. Phillips Addresses Professor Robert Phillips, of the Purdue history, economics, and government department, will be the principal speaker at Friday evening’s banquet, taking as his subject, “The Six Greatest American Orators.” Professor P. E. Lull, of Purdue, will preside, and Dorisaun Johnson, of Technical high school, Indianapolis, will respond to fhb address of welcpme. Following the banquet, a program of plays will be presented by Theta Alpha Pi, national honorary dramatic fraternity. A coaches’ meeting and campus tours will precede Saturday momr' ing’s featured general session at which Arthur E. Morgan, chiuriBan of the board of directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority, will speak on “The Case For Governmental Ownership Of Electric Utilities,” while Frank A. Newton, of the Commonwealthi and Southern Corporation, New York City, wiR speak on “The Case Against Government Ownership. A practice debate tourney Saturday afternoon will bring the conference to a close.
The speech department has ad vanned the freshman debate tryout to next Monday, December 7, at 4 o’clock in room 301 of the University Hall. All freshmen interested should make an appearance at this time.
‘Petie’ Liglil Improves After Appeiideetomy
Mary Jean light, n&ember of Pi Beta Phi sorority, and junior co-ed editor of the Debris who nnderwent an appendicitis operation yesterday morning at St. Elisabeth’s Rosinta], is reported to be in a satisfactory condition.
Senate Plans Tea Dances
as the^ of lim
Afternoon dances, perhaps under the name of “Senate Swings,” will be provided weekly for the remainder of the academic year by the student Senate, accordii^g to a 22 to 3 vote vote of the organization in favor of a motion to that effect by F. C. Ahrens, at a session in the Memorial Union Building last night. D . H. Farquharson, vice president, presided in the absence of
President Martin.
J. C. Esterline and D. N. Wait, senior senators, were elected as other two representatives
group to the Executive Board of the Student Federation. Hope Reisner, C. E. ReRey, and S. R. Wirth
were elected to the board last
Phillips Speaks
Prof. Robert Phillips, of tbe University history, government, land economics staff, and faculty adviaw of the Senate, made a i^ort talk prging the organization to hold regular meetings, in a regular rooni, and opmi to outsidflKS. R. J. Craig, chairman of tbe Senate elections comnuttee, submitted the following recommendations mr open campaigning: That a $1(1 Emit be set for eanq^mign expenaost tbe period of eampaign&ig be linfeited; that a faculty memilMr of the Senate be chosen to act aa a Md judge in case of disputea or gilmN ances: and tliat no campaign publicity beartag paid advertinmn^ta
be permitted.
A survey shows there woroi horses on $4,671 of mm Sanatia forms.>lMt»Two
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday* Peceiflber^JlgSS
Current Comment
The Senate Comes To Life
The Student Senate held another mating last night. However, this meeting was different from previous sessions in that seve^ members evinced enthusiastic interest in the doings of the Senate and showed promise ot accomplishing a few things this semester. Some of the Senators made forceful, even fiery, talks—one or two were rather misdirected, but fire and enthusiasm have been lacking from Senate meetings heretofore. The organization includes some capable students and leaders in its membership this year, and we are inclined to believe that, despite a slow beginning, the Senate will yet go some place. —-R. P. M.
A Yardstick For Instructors
One of the measuring sticks for the worth of instructors and professors should be their ability to lead and to inspire—^their capability of infusing into the minds of their students a desire for knowledge not for the sake of being able to pass tests and final examinations but for the good that the students will derive from the knowledge. An instructor may drive his students to learn enough pertinent facts to pass his course and he can test their knowledge of the course by tests, but after graduation there is no one to spur on and there are no tests by which to guage intellectual progress. Unless the student has gained a purpose for studying, unless he has learned to study on his own initiative, he is through with books as soon as his college days are over. The prime motive of a college education is not to crowd the mind with a mass of information but to steer the mind toward better habits, to increase its learning power. From this standpoint, an earnest five-minute talk by the instructor given aside from his lecture on the course material may prove of more value to the student than the other forty-five minutes, or in extreme instances of more vallue than the entire course. The mental and moral habits that a student acquires during his college life are for the most part carried through life with few changes, and it is these habits that form the character and determine the success of an individual. Unlike the football coach who can gain an idea of his proficiency in leadership by the conduct of his players in games and by their record of victories and defeats, it is difficult for the instructor to determine his ability as a leader. The student himself is the best judge there, and the amount of outside reading which he does on a subject and the enthusiasm and degree of purpose with which he attacks his lesson are his standards for judging. Ability to arouse ambition and enthusiasm are often more to be preferred than a thorough Imowledge of a subject, and for this reason a zealous young instructor is often more valuable in the classroom than a monotonous old professor. However, this becomes less true as the student becomes more mature and less impressionable.—^R. P. M.
About Gambling
Moralists may condemn gambling; gamblers may defend it. Sermons may be preached denouncing gambling; books may be written telling how to gamble successfully. Parents may frown and fraternity brothers can urge, but gambling goes on, nevertheless. Mathematicians tell us that in an honest gambling game, the chances are even, and furthermore they can prove it by their figures. Experience teaches us the same thing. StiU the percentages are against the gambler. He may win as much as he loses and derive a certain satisfaction from the element of risk involved. On the face of it, it looks as if he had actually gained. He has lost no money and he has gained in enjosntnent. The fallacy to gambling is not something that can be measured in dollars and cents or demonstrated
exponent
Founded in 1888 »I
W36 Member 1937 F^sociated Gb(ie6ial0 Pross Distributors of Cbile6iateDi6e$f
Entered as second class matter at the xiost office* lAfayette, In« diana. DeUverod br maU, 18.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE-812 North Fifth Street Bnainess Phone 6088 Eiditoi^ Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
BDITOBIAL STAFF Bditar-hHChief W. T. Hunt Managing Editor„_„ E. H. Moms Associate Edltors,..........K. A. Barnette, X E Brock, A. H. Forster, B. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler Sophomore Assistants Vf. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J. B. Clark, Ij. S. Hardin, A. B. Keller, E E KeUogg, K. E O’Neil, C. D. Schroeder, E L Stanback, D. B. Vance.
BUSINESS STAFF BmIimbs llanacer Mathwal Advertisinar Msnaser Local Admusina Manaaer.. 0imilatiott
R. J. Hulse . ~.»X. EL Brown D. C. Miller J. P. Girard
SPORTS STAFF gnevta HMHiqv - X* D. Wood Ajiwrtoto aN»ti Editors ^W. H. Hfield, S. R. Griffiths. M V. Obenehain
WOMmrS STAFF
AtfrtiMna Vaaaassr
isA, Doris McCartney, Elisabeth Pyfce ~~Jfietty Barnett
Inne Editor—E. H. Kellogg
by clever calculations. The rub is simply this. Whenever a person who gambles manages to win, he seems to have no need for the money. It seems that he always has a pocketful of money already, and his winnings merely make his pocketful bigger. When he loses, it is a different story. ‘He is always short of money then, and the losings shrink his capital to zero—^plus or minus a little bit. There is no mathematical explanation for this well known fact. Moralists may seize upon it as a reason for the abolition of gambling. Parents may not care about the mathematics or the morals involved, but worry merely about the “send-more-money” letters they receive from their offspring. Gamblers may recognize the fact—^yet they continue to gamble—and to win when they don’t need any money and lose when they do.—J. E. B.
You, And You, And You
The following is an except from a striking editorial recently printed in a New York pa
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
And then there is that old triangular affair stuff—^the most recent contribution is the one involving DOT SMILEY, BUS HINES, and JESS DEHL—DOT and BUS were getting along swell until DOT got the old stand-by argument on not wanting to be tied down — DEHL is now in the big money— anyway the dough he recently put out for a new AGR pin looks like it might have the possibility of having been wasted—^time will tell . . .
CREATORS:
per.
Americans read with horror the lurid
stories from Spain of a conflict taking an av-
erage of perhaps 1,000 lives a day. Horrible! yet in the last seven months 18,-
560 Americans have also been killed, violently, their blood crimsoning the pavements, their mutilation and agonies no less sickening
and sharp. ,
They are just as dead as their Spanish brothers, without eveh such satisfaction as
there may be in djnng for a cause.
They are the traffic victims. If their toll increases during the latter part of the year, as it usually does, then the casualty list will be higher this year than ever before. Last year 37,000 died, probably a greater cost in life
than the Spanish revolt toll to date.
Tentative figures do tend to show that states which have rigid drivers’ license laws have been leaders in reducing their auto toll, since those laws make it easier to get obvi-
ously dangerous drivers off the streets.
But, in the long run, the law won’t settle the problem. It can’t. Nobody can make a genuine dent in the slaughter of the innocents except you, and you, and you. The man behind the wheel is the one who holds in his hands life and death, not only for himself, but for others. — The Roundup, State College, New
Mexico.
Rush And Grades
All new style fashions for men are now being shown on the backs of two of the Lafayette Merchants’ leading models, GEORGE CLAYPOLE and CEC ISBELL—CLAYPOLE presents the clothes that the women like, while ISBELL is more the athletic type, showing all the latest race track models . . .
DOES HE? Does your professor say peculiar things, does it have any peculiar mannerisms, does it continually do something that is odd and different Ah! it (I mean the professor) does. Good! Do you know that your professor’s fimnyialities may give you a MARS DOUBLE PASS??? Now all you have to do is—1. Instead of sleeping today in class, observe. 2 Make a list of peculiarities—besides your professor will think you are taking notes upon his lecture and give you an A for the day’s grade. 3. Turn your list in at the Union Desk addressed to Editor, B&B. Example: Lt. Col. BREWER has a bald spot which makes a swell screen, it is as good as any silver screen of the movies— ask the boys of Military History class . . .
Additional light has been thrown upon the relationship of yellow slips and sorority rush following the compilation of data available, by the office of the dean of women. Knowing nothing about the significance of such statistics we can only surmise, but they indicate that the new rush system had no bad effect on the number of yellow slips received by the women of the University. The data includes the following figures, in the fall of 1935,18 per cent of the active sorority members received yellow slips, while this fall 22 per cent received delinquency notices. Of the total number of freshman women in the University last fall, 38 per cent received yellow slips and this year only 34 per cent were similarly blessed. At this time last year, 30 per cent of the freshman sorority pledges received yellow slips but of this year’s class 19 per cent were sent such notices. To analyze the class standing of the upperclassmen receiving yellow slips last fall: 3.33 per cent were seniors, 40 per cent juniors, and 56.66 per cent sophomores. This year 2.22 per cent were seniors, 24.44 per cent juniors, and 77.33 per cent sophomores. Obviously the sophomores this year are responsible in a measure for the 4 per cent increase. The reason for this is problematical but it can be pointed out that 53 per cent of last year’s sophomores who received yellow slips were receiving their first slips, whereas this year only 47 per cent were receiving their first delinquency notices. This would seem to refute the charges that more co-eds are receiving delinquency notices for the first time than could be normally expected. As we have said, the data may be sufficient to serve as proof, but we are not capable of accurately estimating its worth, however, it is at least interesting to compare the relative standings of the co-eds in the last two years.
Editor’s Note: It is apparent that the number of yellow slips was not greatly affected by rush activities. However, any rational person will admit that the loss of time due to rush must in some way adversely affect the amount of knowledge assimilated by the individuals involved, even if their grades did not show a downward tendency. ^
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Govemment. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. j6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
Mrs. Mac at the Kappa House will have to look into every nook and comer of the Kappa House from now on to be sure that she gets all strays out at eleven each week night and at one on Fridays and Saturdays—^last Saturday night she went all around the house in her usual shooing manner—about 1:16 out of hiding or something came NICK BELURY and JUDY JONES with rather sheepish look on their faces—Tut, tut....
All those who congratulated BILL WEAREY at the MIXER Saturday night were barking” up the wrong tree even though such a congratulation did make the poor boy blush— no, that wasn’t his Beta pin the girl he had a date with was wearing •WEARLY was just taking care of her for his BETA brother, BILL SCHLOSSER—while SCHLOSSER fiddled in the band, EE student, WEARLY played . . .
MEMBERS OP CARY HALL ENGAGE IN VERBAL CONFLICT Cary Hall was the scene of a big fight Monday night concerning the proposed amendment to their con-
«DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL. A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 0. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
LAST TIMES TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
SIMONE SIMON HERBERT MARSHALL "Girl’s Dormitory” and CLAIRE TREVOR "Star for a Night”
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday CHARLES STARRETT "COWBOY STAR” — and — LESUE^FENTON "House of Secrets”
-and what’s wrong you won’t marry Mr. Smalz? Ain’t he got a nice delicatessen—an’ don’t he bring us a nice head of cheese every time he comes to see you?”
stitution—^the amendments stated in yesterday’s column are being doctored—^now mothers are being left alone and the only requirement proposed seems that is that every woman entering must sign up in the office—some say that they are now thinking of going over to WSGA ofiSce to get some of the WSGA sign-out slips—^the problem isn’t settled yet, so more later . . .
The Alpha Xis are going in for a little rule making too—they have made a “no necking” house rule— this rule was made especially for the benefit of SAXON SHEW ALTER and GEORGIA ELLIOT—they seem to be the greatest offenders ..
The following is a letter I received from the members of Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity: Editor Bold and Black, Dear Sir; In view of the fact that we think that our pledge class has more “stuff” than any other pledge class on the campus we do hereby challenge any other fraternity to a pieeating contest. Pi Kappa Alpha. (Ed. Note): Is there any Frat
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
MARS
LAST TIMES TODAY TWO GumroBous stars in love umf?
— Plus — PETE SMITH ACT
Thursday Only
JANE WYATT LOUIS HAYWARD
‘The Luckiest Girl in the World”
LUMA
LAST TIMES TODAY
, Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday ROGER PRYOR MURIEL EVANS "MISSING GIRLS” — and — “Love Letters of a Star”
on the campus that thinks their pledge class has got enough “stuff” to win over Pi Kappa Alpha pledges—get in touch with Pi Kap prexy or send your notice to me . . .
START BUSINESS
With 250 Letterheads and 250 Envelopes. All Nicely Printed on Good Quality Stock, $2.50. KANE'S PRINT SHOP
401 S. 29th
Phone 5205
ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY WARNER BAXTER ‘Robin Hood of Eldorado’ — and — FRED STONE OWEN DAVIS, JR. “ GRAMU JURY”
rGliSii
Last Times Today
With Sally EUer* Robert Amutrong Frances Sage Vinton Haworth
Directed hyLeifi Le» den. Auo, producer. Cliff Reid RKO MDIO
EXTRA
SOCIAL SECURITY EXPLAINED
How you will act, and how the old aae benefit section of the Social Security Act affects yon. Is shown in detail on the screen; shows all the important steps in the operation of the act, whether you are sixteen or sixty. This important and informative subject will interest you and help you to Understand the worklna
of this complicated law that sf-
lilUo
fects 26 milUon workers.
Addqd Comedy • Cartoon' } i.
n
-'4 k
■s-S
It.
Kappa Sigs Win Bowling Tournament
Pi Kapg Defeated By 2,325 to 2,200; Eckstein High Scorer
The Kappa Sigma bowlers eartie out victorious from the finals of the^ interfraternity bowling tournament last night by defeating Pi Kappa Phi on the Union alleys by a total score of 2,825 to 2,200. /The winning house will receive a trophy and each member of the two highest teams will receive a key. Each of the five men on the two teams played three games, and the totals were added to make up the team score. Eckstein was "high scorer for the Kappa Sigs with a total of 647, making an average of 182 per game, while Pierce led the Pi Kapps with a total of 464, for a 165 average.
Gun Instruction Offered Tomorrow
Students interested in small bore pistol and rifle shooting are invited by the Tippecanoe Rifle and Pistol Club to attend their open house to be held tomorrow at their new quarters at 218 North Fifth street.
Instruction will be available to persofis interested and guns will be furnished to those who do not have their own.
Phi Taus, Phi Psis Compete Today
The final game of the 1936 interfraternity touchball tournament is to be played this afternoon at 4 o’clock between the Phi Kappa Tau and Phi Kappa Psi fraternity teams on Intramural Field. The referees will be Kerber and Gaulke. The winner of this game will receive a trophy and fraternity rating points.
Try Our
FRESH Cottage Cheese
It’s always good, and good for
YOU
too
get your carton
NOW
Sunshine Farms
Phone 6015
ielder’s.... ....choice ■.By Bob WalpoleiMM*M
Chicago’s Maroon quintet draws opening blood in Big Ten circles tonight by breaking the conference ice with Wheaton College in the Midway fieldhouse .. Chicago plans to depend upon five juniors this season with a more well-balanced offense than they have had in the past three years . . . _fc_
Bill Haarlow was the scoring punch for the Maroons for a trio of seasons, but now with the absence of any sharp-shooting netman, Nels Norgren, Maroon coach, will resort to a general, more uniform scoring plan... at any rate, Chicago should easily do away with Wheaton tonight .... —fc—
On Friday, Indiana wjll entertain Cincinnati while Wisconsin’s Badgers will meet Ball State in opening encounters for both quintets ... —fc—
Intensive drill is being held nightly for the Boilermaker five in preparation for the Western State game on Monday night in Jeff Gym . . . the team should be hot this year, and we believe that they will go a long way ... —^fc—
Northwestern’s Wildcats are going to have to be watched closely this season . .. they graduated last year only two lettermen, both reserves, and their starting lineup included three sophomores .. with the added experience of a year of competition these three men will have one of the better offensive combinations in the conference . . .
T. E. Hienton To Discuss Farm Electrification
T. E. Hienton, agricultural engineer of the University will speak on “The Electrification Of A Fruit Farm” tomorrow at the winter meeting of the Society of Agricultural Engineers in Chicago. Other members of the University’s agricultural engineering staff attending the convention held from November 30 to December 4 are S. A. Anderson, R. C. Shipman, I. D. May^ er, and R. H. Wileman. ^
Boeing Offers Scholarships (Continued from page 1)
1. They must be male undergraduate students in good standing and in regular attendance in some imiversity, college, or jumor college in the United States or Canada, which offers at least two years of work leading to a Bachelor’s Degree in Arts or Science. 2. They must be of the white race, between the ages of 18 and 26, of average height and normal weight, have normal eyesight, and be free of any physical handicaps. 3. They must submit a technical or non-technical treatise of not over 3,600 words on any aeronautical subject of their own choice. Papers, which must be mailed on or before March 16, 1937, will be judged by a National Committee of Award composed of prominent educators under the chairmanship of Dr. Baldwin M. Woods of the Department of Mechanical Engineering, University of California. Necessities In determining the awards the following points are emphasized in different degrees: (a) the completene^ and soundness of subject matter; (b) the success of the candidate in analyzing his subject matter and drawing conclusions from it; (c) the merit of the paper as a composition; (d) the originality of subject matter; and (e) the choice of subject. Awards
Winner of first award in this contest will receive a complete Boeing Airline Pilot Plying Course, covering 260 hours of fiight instruction. This course covers the latest developments in blind and instrument fiying. Winners of second, third, and fourth awards may choose one of a number of technical and semitechnical courses and will, in addition,'receive 26 hours of dual and solo flight instruction. Two alternate candidates will be chosen for possible awards in the event that winners are unable to qualify physically. A circular giving detailed information on the W. E. Boeing Scholarships may be obtained by writing to the Registrar, Boeing School of Aeronautics, OaMand, California.
THE
PURBtrE
9“
EXPONENT
Boilermaker Five Will Meet Western
State Monday
Season’s Starter Will Take Place In Jeff Gymnasium
mnSSmSmS
Monday night in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium, Purdue will meet Western State m the first basketball game of the new season. Although the team has not yet been annoimced, the starting lineup will probably consist of Yoimg and Sines at forward, either Anderson or Seward at center, and Downey at running guard. Bill Vergane is receiving some extra coaching for back-guard but it has not been definitely decided as to who will fill this post. It is possible that Downey might be changed to backguard, and someone may be chosen from the following Zink, Hutt, Dickinson, Mangas, Dean, Bruce, Mihal, and Barsha, to fill the other guard position.
Transcontinental motor travel is setting an all-time record in 1936, according to the California State Automobile Association.
^ ^ ^
^ ^
^ ^ ^ BASKETBALL
—TODAT»
Court 1—Otnelol, Brbiaon 7;00—Beta Sigma Poi vb. Acacia. 7:16—Ward 1 va. Ward 17-a. 8:26—^Ward 6 ■n. Ward 2. 8:40—Ward 17 vs. Ward 4. Conrt 2—Official, Battling. 7:00—Phi Pi Phi vb. Theta OhL 7:16—^Ward 7 v». Ward 18. 8:26—^Ward 8 Ward 7-x. 8:40—Ward 9 vb. Ward 10. Court 3—Official, Ganlke. 7:00—^Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Sigma Al-
pha Hn.
7:16—^Ward 11 vs. Ward 12. 8:26—^Ward 16 vs. Ward 16. 8:40—Ward 17-x vb. Ward 12-x.
WAA Opens Winter Sports Season
Winter sports were discussed yesterday at the second mass meeting of W. A. A. The season has opened with volleyball, shuffleboard, ping pong, deck tennis, fencing, and tumbling. It was announced that required practices for intramural sports will be held on Wednesday and Thursday afternoons.
^ ^ ^ ^
4- ^
4-4-4-SQUASH
4- 4- 4- 4- 4-
—TODAY—
4:00—^Theta Chi. 6:00—^Triangle. 7:00—Beta Theta Pi. 8:00—Phi Kappa Tau.
4- 4-4-4-
4-444
Here’s the Motoring Giraffe
Passing cars on hills has always constituted an Invitation to disaster, but It seems not to have occurred to many drivers, from the way the practice is indulged in by some motorists. The person who passes another car on a hill, and especially near the top, is really doing what the fellow In the above illustration is trying to do. He's so eager to get on his way, that his neck is stretched away out. Some people call this ts^pe of driver the "peeping tom of the highway.” A driver •\yho is very much
like the^ person illustrated Is one who swings around traffic on curves when it’s Impossible to tell what is coming from the opposite direction. Last year, according to statistics of the Travelers Insurance Company, nearly 10,000 automobile accidents were caused by drivers who passed on hills and curves. There were nearly 600 persons killed and more than 10,000 who were injured. Drivers who are in the habit of passing Improperly should remember that "it is all very well to enjoy the sights, but not to be one.”
Select Your
Giristmas
Gifts
Now while our stock is complete. A small deposit will hold any article until called for.
Hays Jeweliy^ Company
East Side of Square
SOPHOMORE CANDIBATES
All candidates for Sophauiore basketball manager report to North end of Memorial Gymnasium tonight at fottr o’clock. —BRINSON.
Bodeau Wins Cross Country Letter
Six Minor Letters, Seven Frosh Numerals Awarded
Of the several men out for crosscountry this fall, only A. C. Bodeau received a major letter. Six men were given niinor letters. These men are Luther, Long, Farozich, Bell, Pape, and Parrish. The Boilermaker harrier’s one win was over the Illinois team at Champaign. Frosh Star
Art Bodeau, a sophomore, showed a lot of speed and stamina in freshman track last spring while nmning the quarter and half-mile, and he is expected to give the retiuming varsity men some keen competition next spring. Numerals Cross-country numerals were given to Bunger, Fuller, Horvatits, Hotchkiss, Gardner, Kochlas, and Stark.
Advisory Board Party The Y. W. C. A. cabinet will entertain the Advisory Board at a party at the home of Dorothy Bryant, 717 North Salisbury street, tonight at eight o’clock. There will be entertainment.
im* 11 V rinals m nn 1 f ill'' roucnball Tomorrow
Last year’s touebbaB chaittpkmg, the Phi Kappa Tans, me agpain in the finals due to their 6 ta 0 ridtery over the Kappa Sigma team last night in a semi-final fdayoff. The highlight at tibe game, which was made difficult because of daricness, was the 4fi-yard scoring play a forward pass, a lateral, and another forward pass, which put Mats across the goal line for the whming six points. By virtue of their win yesterday, the Tans showed that they will furnish plenty of tough opposition for the Phi Psi’s in tomorrow’s championship game.
Repeat Chemical Sound Fihns
Tomorrow
'Two sound films concerning “Oil Film On Water” and “Arrangement Of Atoms And Molecules In Crystals” will be presented for the second time tomorrow evening at 7 o’clock in the lecture room of the Physics Building. Under the supervision of Dr. Irvin Langmuir the films were prepared by the visual instruction department of the General Electric Company. The films show Dr. Langmuir performing several interesting experiments in surface tension and mono-molecular layers.
THE CHILD'S HEALTH TODAY IS THE NATION'S HEALTH TOMORROW
CHRISTMAS SEALS The NotionaL State and Local Tuberculosis Associations cl the United States
N Your Hair Deserves the Best
The artistic ability—^the training—the experience of the operator to whom you entrust the waving and dressing of your hair is of the utmost importance to you! And it’s just as important to Kienly’s.
Get Your Xmas Permanent Now—All Kinds of Machine Waves. Also Machineless, v
Co-eds—^remember our special Co-ed Days every ^ Thursday and Friday. Call for appointments early.
Klenly Beauty Studio 66a Main St. Phone •jyay
Reserve Her a Room
IN
w
PLEASANT QUIET CONVENIENT COMFORTABLE
HEN she comes to the campus, reserve her a room in the UNION CLUB —whether for a night, a week-end, or a longer time. She will find enjoyment in her stay in one of the immaculate rooms with all modem conveniences as a private shower, inner spring mattress, attractive furnishings, and private
telephone.
Purdue Memorial
Union' Cwntr fki Campus.... CnUsrif V 1 I
WiBL
tHft ptiBbWE Bai^oiBEirg
Classified Ads.
Learn To Danee—-By enroUifis in onr new adidt Beginnera' class Wednesday, December 2, 7 p. m.— Allen’s. TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Rooms For Students — Warm, comfortable rooms, close to campus —^212 Wiggins street. Phone 46384.
Learn The Late Ballroom Dances —^By enrolling in our new advanced ballroom class, Thursday, December 3, at 7 p. m.—^Allen’s.
Many Things—^That make suitable Christmas gifts. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. Fifth street.
NOTICES No noticM McmrtMl irftar 8 p. I
Mechanicals—Sign up for A. S. M. E. membership in G. A. Young’s office, by December 1. to make Purdue first in student branch toll call to be published in the December “Mechanical Engineering Journal." —WELDY.
P. I. A. Dance Class—All luuependents interested in dance class, please sign up immediately in the P. L A. office. —BUXTON.
R. O. T. C.—^Examination for the removal of condition grade in Military 'Training 4 will be held on December 10 and 11. Students desiring to take this examination should report to me at the Adjutant’s office, Armory, before 4 p, m., December 8. —HAYFORD.
A. S. M. E.—Members get copies of M. K Journal from “Eddie" in instrument room of steam laboratory. —WELDY.
Women’s Shnffleboard and Ping PongSign up on bulletin board in Women’s Gjuu tefore December 4. —MAIER.
Alpha Phi Omega—^Pledges meet in the Union in room B December 2 for test. —MERRIAM.
All Unorganized Students—^All interested in drama, acting, production, or writing meet in Tower room December 2 at 8 p. m. Present Skitshop members are ask^ to attend, —WHITE
Dolphin Club—-Important meeting Decmnber 2 at 4 p. m. in the pool of the Memorial Gymnasium. —STEWART.
Discussion Group—No meeting this week because of Browsing Room meeting. Usual meeting December 9. —KUEHN.
W. A. A. Dance—^Any girl wishing to work at the door of the dance Friday evening, December 4, call 7712. —JONES.
Men’s Glee Club—Compulsory rehearsal December 2 at 4 p. m. Concert on Friday. —COMPTON.
Social Service Committee of Y. W. C. A. —Meet in the Y. W. C. A. office at 4 p. m. December 2. Very important. —CONVER
Union Woricera—^My committee will meet in the workshop December 8 at 4 p. m. —SHEETS, CLAYPOLE, PFORZHEIMER, STALLINGS. My committee meet in office December 2. —PUTZE.
Art Club—Meeting December 3 at 7:30 p m. in room 1 and 2 of the Union. —McLEOD. Cadet Officers’ Entertainment Commit-tee-Meet in cadet officers’ room at 4 p. m. December 2 for distributicm of tickets, and assignment to sections. —ANDERSON.
Sigma Ddta Chi—Meet in Exponent office December 2 at 7 p. m. Work on Rassle. —HUNT.
Interested Wrestlers—Boys interested in wrestling report north end of gym between 4 and 6:80 this week. —VARLEY.
Purdue Gilder Club—New coveralls are at Phi Gam house. Phone 5071. —WILTSHIRE.
Orehesis—General meeting December 2 at 7 ;80 in the Women’s Gym. —PRENTICE
Tune Shop—Rehearsal Decembeir 2 at 8 p. m. in Tower room of the Memorial Union Building. All members jilease be present. —BARRETT, DIX
Reamer Club—All active members and pledges required to meet in front of Heavilon Hall at 7 p. m. December 4. —BUXTON.
Independent Staff—Important meeting on December-2 at 7 p. m. in P. I. A. office. . —COX. Eta Beta Pi—No meeting this week. —McELYEA.
Fraternity Presidents—Meeting at 6 p. m., December 8, at the Sigma Nu house. Important. —KETTLE.
Hort Club—Meeting December 2 at 7 p. m. Prof. Zufall of ttie Pharmacy department will speak. —^MORRIS.
W. 8. G. A. Egeentive Board—Meet in room 8 of the Memorial Union Building Decem^r 2 at 7 ;16 p. m. —COPELAND.
Cosmopolitan Club—All desiring to attend dance Friday December 4, noti& me by December 8 at 4 o’clock. Phone 46661. -MARCIA CLEVENGER.
University Takes Stock Show Awards (Continued from page 1)
Girls Glee Club ^ Chooses Managers Martha Whitehead and Iva Sway nie were chosen junior managers of the Girls Glee Club Monday aftemopn at the weekly rehearsal at 4 o’clock. From these two junior managers, a senior manager will be chosen next spring. Eligibility for the position of junior manager consists of one year’s membership in the Glee Club. Mary Bell is the present senior manager of the choir,
to 1,000 pounds. In the judging of Duroc Jerseys, the University took first, second, and third places in the competition for barrows in the 160-200 pound class; sixth in the 240-300 pound class; and first in the 160-200 pound class for a pen of three’ Rambouillet Wethers The University won first and second place in the exhibit of fat Rambouillet wethers, also showing the champion wether. Purdue won another first place on a showing of a pen of three lambs and also took a fourth place in the exhibit of fat Hampshire wether lambs. Cross-Bred Wethers In the competition for grade and cross-bred yearling wethers. Pur due took third and fourth place for wether lambs. The University also took first place in the fat Shropshire wethers-yearlings exhibit; and third for wether lambs; also exhibiting reserve champion wether and taking second place in the exhibit of a pen of three wether lambs. In the competition in the Chester White breed of swine, Purdue exhibited the champion barrow and the champion pen of three. Other Purdue awards in the Chester White classes include a first in the 160200 pound class of barrows, first and fourth in the 300-240 pound class, first and fourth in the 240-300 pound class, frst in the 200-240 pound class for a pen of three, first in the 240300 pound class for a pen of three, and second for five barrows, get of one sire.
Dean Freeman Will Address Ag Staff V. C. Freeman, assistant dean of the school of agriculture at the University, will address the meeting of the agricultural staff on methods of teaching, Wednesday evening, December 9, at 7:30 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 in the Memorial Union Building. Dean Freeman attended the meeting of Land Grant Colleges held in Texas this year.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liehty
Young Yugoslavian Overcomes Fear (Continued from page 1)
Student Religious Groups Will Confer At DePauw Saturday The annual meeting of the Indiana Christian Student Conference will be held this coming week-end at DePauw University. The Purdue Religious Council will send at least twenty delegates to Greencastle for the affair, beginning Saturday afternoon. Hugh Henry, of the Wesley Foundation, a member of the state executive committee, will head the delegation. R. K. Weldy, president of the Presbyterian Sunday evening club, will speak at the conference on Sunday morning, on “Christianity And Industrial Problems.” All delegates will be entertained Saturday night by DePauw students at their residences. Other Purdue students who wish to attend should phone their student pastors or Rev. McFadden of the Wesley Foundation.
train to Gary, Indiana. One of the biggest surprises of the trip was his first look at a negro porter. It was the first black-skinned person he had ever seen, and he was overwhelmed with amazement; he just wanted “to study that nose, mouth, hair, and eyes!” Mr. Bistro’s host of friends and relatives in Gary helped him get settled, and he immediately secured night work in a mill and attended an afternoon school for foreigners. Registrar Please When the time came for him to be making a decision as to educational institutions, he made a trip down to the University. He chuckled as he recalled over his first encounter in the Registrar’s office. The young lady secretary was unable to comprehend his English^ so in reply to his repeated request “I want Registrar,” he was duly ushered in to confer with Mr. R. B. , Stone. Mr. Bistro eagerly handed Mr. Stone his certificate of previous education (equivalent to our grade and high schools). Mr. Stone tried to read the document upside-down first, then realized he was incapable of translating it from any slant; he decided it would have to be sent to the consular service and translated into English.
Thornton To Speak Professor S. F. Thornton of the Agricultural Experiment Station will speak at a meeting of Agronomy students at 4:15 tomorrow in Agriculture Hall.
Berlin consumed 93,260,000 gallons of beer during the year ending March 31,’1936, a gain of 4 per cent over the preceding year.
WBAA
11:00—American Institutions, classroom lecture. Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:60—Purdiie News Flashes, from the publicity office. 12:00—^Agncultural Forum, "1987 Outlook for Dairy and Poultry”, O. G. Johanningsmeier. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Music. 12:30—^Melody Time, Adeline Hayes, soprano. 12:46—Noon musicale. 1:0(5—Meditations, Rev, W. R. Graham, Cent Presbyterian Ghurcb, Lafayette, Indiana. 1:16—^Better Expression, Dr. Albert Fulton, “Increasing the Vocabulary", program planned by Arsenal Tech. 1:80—^Vocational Guidance, Dr. J. A. Estey, "Business Administration" 1:46—^Markets, J. R. Hayes. 2:00—Weather Reports and Tomorrow's Program. 2:06—^Tuberculosis Association PpoH gram. 2:16—Musical Album, Harold Schulte, baritone. 2:80—Songs and Melodies. 2:46—Story Time, Miss Mildred Baugh pro^i^ant planned for Lafayette City Schools. 8:0D—Jefferson High School Program, featuring talented high school students of Jeff High. 8:86—^Afternoon Musicale, Alexander Bice, lyric tenor. 8:46—Your Goveimment
Winter
is here!
See Us for Anti-freeze
Peter Anderson Go. 2/f-JIour Service 525 Alabama.... Phone 4048
Introducins the handsome new SX^£am&H£^ Radio Desk Set Combination
“How will I ever pay your life insurance premiums after you die?”
Mr. Bistro wrote all his orientation tests along with the rest of the freshman class in 1931. However, they didn’t mean much to either him or his instructors, because he couldn’t grasp the questions and the professors were at an equal loss to make out his writing. For his English placement theme he wrote: “I am in this country 8 months and I can’t write.” Many were surprised to see him walk out from the test in a couple of minutes while they labored on for an hour or more. His schedule included nine hours of non-credit English. During the following year there was a financial regulation in Yugoslavia made to the effect that no one could send more than $12 out of the country a year. This cut off his father’s help toward his education; he again secured work in the mills, this time in Chicago, and was also hired as a translator in the Chicago diplomatic service. Last January he resumed his scientific education at Purdue. He plans to work for a degree in medicine after graduating from the University; he will then be fitted to make a living either in this country or in his native land. However, he does not intend to return until political and living conditions change in Yugoslavia; he prefers to live in this country because “we have freedom here.” Mr. Bistro seems to be enjoying his work in the University, and has successfully overcome the fear of “perishing” at Purdue.
R^dio, Desk Tray, Pen, Pencil and Ash Trays
COMPLETE
Same Set With Ivory Radio—$16.95 A radio combination for your desk! New . . . convenient . . . low priced! Grand for use in your living room, office, study, or bedroom . . . wherever you want radio enjoyment within handy reach df an ash tray, pen or pencil. The handsome streamlined ratjio won first prize in the recent "Modern Plastics" competition. The matching black accessories include removable ash trays, fountain pen and automatic pencil. An ideal gift for the business man, the homemaker, or the boy or girl away at school I Same radio in ivory, complete with ivory tray—-$17.95 Other Silvertone Radio Gifts $7.75 to $99.50
Solve Your Christmas "Him" Problems With This Novel Gift
Vi dox., $8.00
• Vat Dyed Colors
Trubenized Collar
o Lustrous BroadcloHi
What a shirt! Packed with value in every thread! Style, quality, fit —It's got them all! The label "Royal Ascot" tells you the story. Strong, lustrous broadcloth. Fine tailoring. Hand finished. Trubenized collar. Ocean pearl buttons and many other features of shirts that sell up to twice the price. Vat dyed colors, pre-shrunk. Choice of dark or light fancy woven patterns . . . also solid blue, navy blue deep tone, light brown deep tone or white. Buy Royal Ascot for guaranteed long wear.
CAPESKIN DRESS GLOVES
$1oo
Men, here are really warm capeskin gloves at a hard-to-beat price! And you can choose from slip-ort, button’-top or strapwrist styles! Quality chrome tanned capeskin lined with fleeced rayon and cotton of latest design. Brown or black. Sizes 71/2 to lO’/z.
Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 4039