:% w'
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By'Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
WEDNESDAY May 4, 1938 lofoyette, fnMasta VOL 49 No. m
Couples Swap Wives In Playshop Premier Show
PjuLsJdsmi W^/uJjtA Opsin ^isittsih
By Don Terrio Playshop closes its current season with “Squaring the Circle/’ by Valentine Kataev, a farce-comedy of Soviet Russia in three acts. Curtain times are: today and tomorrow 7:30 p. m.; Friday, 8 p. m.; Saturday, after the Mothers’ Day sing. The play is presented in Eliza Fowler Hall, directed by H. Kenn Carmichael, staged by John E. Dietrich. Cast
AChS President Will Lecture On 'Hydrocarbons'
Dr. F, C. Whitmore, national president of the American Chemical Society, will speak in room 106 of the Chemistry Building at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow night. “Doctor Whitmore is a dynamic and very interesting speaker,” said Prof. E. F. Degering, of the University chemistry department, last night. “He has a keen sense of humor and keeps his audience in laughter half the time.” Wasted Hydrocarbons “Hydrocarbons” will be the sub* ject of Doctor Whitmore’s lecture. According to Professor Degering, great amounts of hydrocarbons have been, and are being, wasted with no uses for them apparent. Doctor Whitmore will emphasize the recent developments and new syntheses aimed at the utilization of these wasted materials. The talk will be illustrated by lantern slides. “I believe,” continued Degering, “that all chemical engineers will find the talk interesting. There is a possibility that we may change the place of the lecture if the audience exceeds the capacity of room 106.” Honors Whitmore Preceding the lecture. Dr. Whitmore will be honored at a dinner in the Memorial Union Building at 6 p. m. Reservations at 65 cents per plate may be made by getting in touch with Prof. C. L. Shrewsbury, of the chemistry department. All reservations must be in by 4 p. m. ;,today.
F.T. Sheets Will Speak At Annual CE Dinner May 10
Frank T. Sheets, president of the Portland Cement Association, will be the main speaker at the annual Civil Engineering Banquet 6:80 p. m. next Tuesday in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Sheets is a graduate of Illinois University’s School of sanitary engineering and for many years he was chief engineer of the Illinois Highway Department. Sheets is father of Student Union president Tom Sheets, Jr. Elect Officers Following the banquet, officers will be elected to head next year’s student branch of the American Society of Civil Engineers. The election was postponed from April 19 till May 10 because of the failure of the University lighting system to operate on the former date. Members do not necessarily have to attend the banquet in order to vote, according to G. Rose, president of the student branch of ASCE. Banquet tickets, priced at 60 cents for ASCE members and 75 cents for non-members, may be obtained from the main office in the Civil Engineering Building.
Vasya Gilbert Devore Ludmilla Beverlie Rice Tonya Rochelle Rosenwasser Abram Benton Bums Sashka Dickie Humphreys Rabinovitch Grover Rose Emilian Dave Thompson Novikov Bernard Everett Bassova Jane Robinson Nikonorov J. A. Fisher Stchepkina Lois Randolph Vladiskovsky Ebner George
To the Students and the Staff of the University: My personal review of the events of last week shows clearly that the distinctive success of the Gala Week festivities and other exercises would not have been possible without the wholehearted cooperation of the entire University. There are too many individuals and too many organizations to which the University is indebted to permit me to communicate with each. The columns of the Exponent have been requested in order that all of those who had a part in this characteristic Purdue enterprise may realize my sense of obligation. The Purdue alumni have been given further proof of the aliveness of the University. Edward C. Elliott, President
Two Day Program
9 Awaits Mothers
Awaiting Purdue Mothers who will visit the University this week-end is a full two-day program. Arranged through the cooperation of University organizations, especially the Student Union, the program is scheduled to start with a style show/In the Home Economics auditorium at 10:30 Saturday morning.
Jeff To Welcome 49 High School Bands Tomorrow
Ag Department Sponsors Annual Fish Fry Friday
“Squaring the Circle” is a rollicking comedy of a love rectangle, filled with the antics of two couples who move into the same apartment. Two roommates, Vasya and Abram, marry at the same time and bring their wives in^o the action, each surprising the other. With one bed, a bench, and a sausage among the four, they try to build a Soviet family paradise, each couple taking half of the room. Re-Register for Love Later the love affairs shift. There is a “collapse of Communistic ideology,” and each husband winds up with the other man’s wife. Vasya married for a primus stove, and Abram for a book, but they will re-register for love. Each corner of the love rectangle provides a lead part, and each of the four actors plays his or her part j convincingly. Benny Burns portrays care-free Abram, who has a temperament’ much like Vasya, played by Gilbert Devore. The female leads are far different in their stage personalities. Beverlie Rice plays the part of vivacious, fun-loving, but rather childish Ludmilla. Rochelle Rosenwasser shows Tonya as a quite, unimaginative book-lover, the direct opposite of Ludmilla.
Forty-nine central and southern Indiana high school bands and orchestras will assembl in Jefferson High School tomorrow, Friday, and Saturday, for the Indiana high school band contest. Portions of the contest will be broadcast by radio station WBAA.. Rules of the contest provide that the host city furnish housing facilities and breakfasts for those competing in the contest. Because of the scarcity of rooms in Lafayette, the housing committee is sending an urgent appeal to fraternities, sororities, and cooperative houses to accommodate as many contestants as possible during the contest. Unless there is immediate cooperation from the rooming houses and student body there will be approximately 500 contestants from distant cities without sleeping quarters. Those wishing to co-operate and who have not yet listed their names may call L.^D. Wesner, telephone number 2916, housing chair-
Justin Elected To Head Scrivener Club
Butter and batter will fly at the annual fish fry for farm management student and staff members, Friday, at Rotary Camp, near the junction of the Tippecanoe and Wabash rivers. Fish friers will leave Ag Hall after school Friday afternoon, and, according to the committee in charge, transportation will be furnished for all who wish to go. Headlining the sports program for the outing will be the softball game between staff members and senior farm management students. Juniors will meet underclassmen in the second game. Horseshoes and touchball will provide an outlet for other latent energy. Chef for the evening will be J. B. “Heavy” Kohlmeyer. An informal program of entertainment and singing will follow the fry. Those in charge state that all upperclassmen in general agriculture and rural economics and underclassmen from all ag options may attend. Tickets, at 35 cents each, may be obtained from H. L. Hawley, C. M. Hardin, L. T. Kurtz, J. C. Dibble, M. J. Skinner, and D. J. Paarlberg—all members of the committee in charge of the fry.
Tonight,.,
... will be the last chance for novice billiards players to enter the tourney how being played off in the billiard room in the Union. The contest is open to persons who have not played billiards before January 1, 1937. The first round matches are not completed, but will be finishe'd when the remainder of the entries are turned in to the billiard room.
Scriveners elected Dorothea Justin, Sc. ’39, president for the coming year at a meeting last Simday night. Helen Steffee, Sc. ’40, was made secretary treasurer. Also chosen at the same meeting was the staff that will have charge of next year’s Scrivener, official publication of the club. Jary Cleveland, Sc. ’39, was made the editor and Donald Paarlberg, Ag ’40, was chosen for business manager. R. F. Munro was elected to the newly adopted office of house detective. Duties of this office include ferreting out bad puns, bouncing obstreperous people, and checking source material.
Exponent To Publish Summer Session Issue
This Saturday morning the Exponent will publish a special fourpage section devoted to the coming Summer Session, as an insert in the regular paper. Organizations which intend to be active during the summer, fraternities which will be open, or any groups planning summer programs are urged to turn in short resumes of their plans at the Union Exponent office by noon tomorrow, in order that the section may be made as complete as possible.
Mothers will be guests at the annual luncheon in the Memorial Union ballroom at 12:30 Saturday where Student Union President Sheets will act as toastmaster. iMirs. Oakel F. Hall, chairman of the Mothers’ Day Committee, will introduce committee members and University deans as a part of the noon-day program. Immediately following the luncheon, students will escort mothers on a tour of the campus. Persons who have cars and are willing to drive them on this inspection tomshould notify Union vice-president Milholland. The tour will last about an hour. Sing At 6:30 First on the evening program is the annual University Sing at 6:30 on the oval. Fraternities and sororities in the contest will sing two numbers each. Any fraternal organization which has not yet filled out entry blanks for the sing must do so before 5:30 this evening. The blanks may be secured in the Student Union office. No microphones will be used this year. New to this year’s night program is the feature attraction, the crowning of the May Queen. The Queen, attended by her comt, will be crowned immediately following the sing. Crowning ceremonies will take place on the oval. Mothers will be admitted free to a special Mothers’ Day Mixer starting at 9. Sunday Breakfast A special breakfast will be served in the faculty lounge at 8:30 Sunday moraing. WSGA members have arranged a special religious service for 9:30 Sunday morning. Dean Mary L. Matthews will speak at the session which will be held in Fowler Hall. Most of the fraternities and sororities have arranged unofficial programs of their own for smaller groups of mothers.
Theta Xi,,,
High Pressure' Prof. Hawkins Stresses Theory
Forecast for Indiana: Cool and cloudy today with showers and thunderstorms in the northwestern portion and in the evening in east and south portion. Continued cool Thursday with probable showers. Yesterday’s Temperatures; High, 86; low 66; mean, 70.
Dr. George Ambrose Hawkins of the mechanical engineering school, looks 20, is 30, and knows several times as much as the average man of 40. He was born in Denver, Col., in 1907, took a year and two summer sessions of work at the Colorado School of Mines and spent a summer at the University of Denver before he came to Purdue in 1927. He received his BSME degree at the University in 1930, having specialized in the railroads option of the mechanical school, but also taking much work in the power plant line, now his forte. Immediately after his undergraduate days, he took up the role of a teacher in the department of applied mechanics, where he found time to do both a good job of teaching and a lot of research on high pressure steam. Changed Departments In 1932 he received his degree and in 1936 his Ph. D., choosing as his thesis for the latter degree the romantic subject of “The Viscosity of Water.” In September 1936, he was taken from the apijlied mechanics department and given to the school of mechanical engineering, where he has been teaching thermodynamics, heat engineering, and heat transmission. He is also continuing his research in conjunction
with Prof. H. L. Solberg and Dean A. A. Potter. Prof. Hawkins is a paradox as a teacher. He is known as a “good boy;” yet he doesn’t relax during class periods. He is all business. One ME senior says of him, “I’d heard of his reputation for making his students toe the line, and when I got him he didn’t give me a chance to disprove it.” Perhaps his secret of success is his thorough knowledge of his subject. He knows, knows, knows. Differential equations flow as easily from the tip of his chalk as words from the lips of a giddy co-ed. And he doesn’t fuss and fiddle in explaining things. He knows his stuff so well that his explanations cannot be other than lucid. Looks Rather Young And perhaps another secret of his success is himself. He looks to be scarcely more than a schoolboy himself, and his students are too proud to let this youngster get too far ahead of them. Yes, he’s all business when he’s teaching but he doesn’t lack a sense of humor. He’s promised this reporter a flat “D” if he used the facetious answer, “to stamp collecting” to the question, “to what do you attribute your marvelous success.”
Dr. Hawkins is married—to a Purdue ex-co-ed. Miss Alma Williams was a Purdue senior during his first year of teaching. Now she is Mrs. Hawkins and they have a son, Jim, who will be four in June. Prof. Hawkins has a decided preference for teaching elective courses. Of heat transmission, an elective, he says: “Teaching a pleasmre? Yes I should say. Decidedly.” He gives as a reason for this the relative superiority of students electing this course. On the other side of the question, however, he claims that teaching some probation classes in required courses is “like pulling teeth.” Approves Attendance Rule He doesn’t have much use for the loafers. “I’m in favor of the present attendance rule,” he says, “and heartily in favor of enforcement of the 12-hour probation rule to get rid of some of the fellows who come here to loaf.” He does all he can to give personal assistance to the student who is lost in one of his courses, and says of many of them, ^‘Certainly they haven’t found their life’s interest in engineering. It isn’t that they have no business in college, but they had better try dentistry or journalism or sometUng else. Of his favorite course, heat trans-
mission, he says: “I change the course every semester to keep cutting defects from it. I keep from a week and a half to two weeks ahead of the course in preparing for it, for I must keep up on current literature to keep the course up to date, to add new coefficients . . . “He is ‘gradually’ writing a text for the course. He’ll complete it ‘sometime, as soon as I can get around to it. That is, if anyone will accept it.” We rather anticipated his answer to our question: Do you think the theoretical or the practical sides of technical subjects are the most important to the student?” His answer—^“The most important phase is the theoretical phase, while the student is in school. Going to school is mental training in math and physics and you certainly get more mental training in math and physics than in some of the so-called practical courses.” Dr. Hawkins is modest of his own attainments and insists on assignthe credit to others. “Any success that I may have achieved is due to the excellent guidance of Professor Solberg, Dean Potter, and Dean Dukes (of the graduate school and head of the department of applied mechanics). They started me off on the right foot. 1 owe everything to these three men.”
Killian Wins Nomination
With two-thirds of the Lafayette precincts heard from in the Republican primary election, the count indicated that A. R. Killian had won an easy victory in the race for Republican nomination for mayor of Lafayette. It was also evident that Thomas Moran, Jr., city judge had won his renomination, defeating James H. Porter. Killian had amassed a total of 2,497 votes, while Caldwell had gai'nered but 461. Durgan Leads Burke In the Democratic primary, the mayoralty nomination fight showed George Durgan with a total vote of 1,309, while Thomas F. Burke’s vote was 99. George Souders had a total of 904 votes in the race for democratic nomination for city clerk. His opponent, Bernard Fudenski, had 723 votes. Dwight Keim won the Republican nomination for mayor in West Lafayette, defeating Myron B. Morgan, present mayor by two votes. In the Republican race for nomination for clerk-treasurer, Charles Miners incumbent, is expected to win by a majority of 250. Victorious West Lafayette council men were Randolph Smith, J. Paul Wayne, and Paul S. Emrick.
Prentice To Speak To Engineering Groups
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers :*F. . C. Ahrends, president; L. A. Ruth, vice-president; C. A. Richards, treasurer; R. W. Brown, senior steward; M. Cash, junior steward; and W. B. Loeffler, corresponding secretary.
Dr. E. B. Prentice, president of Rose Polytechnic Institute will be the guest speaker at the annual AllEngineering Banquet in the Union ballroom at 6:30 tonight. He will speak on “The Superior Student 9fter Graduation.” Tau Beta Pi and the five engineering school honoraries are uniting again this year to honor scholastic 'achievement at the banquet. The meeting will be attended by faculty members, members of the honoraries, distinguished students, and upperclass co-ed engineers, banquet officers said last night. 'There will be 30 tickets available at the door, Walter Lautz, publicity chairman for the dinner, said last night.
Zerby Talks At Eta Kappa Nu Banquet
Fourteen junior electrical engrineering students were initiated into Eta Kappa Nu, honorary EE fraternity, last night at ceremonies held in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Following the initiation 61 active members, faculty members, and initiates attended a banquet in the Union reception room at which Eta Kappa Nu Executive Secretary AB. Zerby was the main speaker. R. C. Romayne acted as toastmaster at the dinner. Pledges initiated were J. S. Brown, J. R. Clark, R. B. Fitts, G. R. Guthrie, J. E, Kessel, J. lEUtfcner, R. E. Seely, E. Shay, E. P. Smith, C. B. Stafford, H. I. Sttoback, M. S. Strzalkowski, J. L. Thompson, and G. W. Toben.
Exponent Boefii
Exponwt’s electoral board—senior officers and faculty memhera—> will meet in the Agricultural Experiment Station conference room promptly at 4:80 p. m. ThntsW» May 6.* i”'^ *■<(■'''’'?'iJ .1 *%*if“fWf i "a'S* ■
npiffPPmpiilsnneBBai; ' -ifif ^ i ^
wm
>" < H VWi "TjT V - "7^'^' XT '*’ ''"I'' '^" '"V=‘''»^%||f'|^'^'f; i-iii; ^!,;, ’’ v'‘" tjCu,<4% !r-st44^”''|n.j,i4j, *
*•* ., <!'. (
£dihfdaL
THE PIIBDOE EXPONENT
dtWMiA,
Wednesday, May 4, 1938
Jhst ^diioA Sa^A: A Good Newspaperman
. . . turned in his last bit of copy to the Exponent last night. Not his last either, for Hugh Forster is the sort of a fellow who is willing .c dash off a story any time he is called upon. With today’" column and material for continuing “case records” on upperclassmen, however, Hugh stepped out of the “B and B’ editorship—a position he has filled somewhat anonymously since last November. Forster has been doing newspaper work for so long it’s almost second nature to him. His writing and cartooning have livened up a number of newspapers and other publications for the past six or eight years. On the School Spirit at Bosse high school in Evansville, Hugh got his first trial at journalism . . . first served as advertising manager of the Spirit . . . then w^ent into circulation work . . . became editor for a semester as a senior . . . finished up that year as assistant newswriting teacher and adviser to the Spirit. As a Bosse senior, Forster made his first acquaintance with the Evansville Press, a Sermps-Howard daily vith more than 30,000 circulation irow . . . covered high school sports and college athletic news . . . practiced hanging around the office hours after finishing his regular work. It was on the Press that Forster picked up his most valuable experience. Vacation after his University freshman year was spent as a cub reporter there . . . “handling” a different beat every two weeks—industry, police, deaths, and accidents, etc.—as regular reporters went on vacation . . . also developed, wrote, edited, and made up a full eight-column page for the Sunday edition. He subbed again next summer for Press reporters and acted as specialty feature writer ... in this posihe wrote and dug up artwork on unusual happenings and persons . . . one day pounded the pavements for hours visiting penny scales in the city and weighing himself, then wrote an account of his findings . . . again edited and wrote headlines for the playground page. That summer he wrote a series of weekly articles on “How Evansville Is Fed” ... on one assignment gathered material for the Press’ “special progress edition,” for which he sketched an eight-column picture of how the city’s “River P^aza” would look after its completion of a Federal improvement project . . . worked 15 hours a day, five days a week, and then from 5 a. m. Saturday to about 2 or 3 a. m. Sunday . . . got $15 weekly. Last summer Forster was shifted to the Press copy desk, editing copy and wi’iting headlines . . . worked there six weeks, then became acting city editor for two
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Consress of March 8, 1879, and at the specia] rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, anthoriaed Jan. 20, 1022. Published daily except Monday dorlns the resnlar academic year and weekly darins the Bummer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60.
Edltor-hirCUef
Btudnesn Mnnacer
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFP Manaffina Editor ^ — J. Brodt Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer Associate ^itors D. A Bafley, L. 8. Hardin, C. D. Schtoeder, H. L SUnbadc. D. B. Vance Sophomore Assistants—^R. J. Deckard, G. W. Predorldt, K. C. Houston, R. B. Insley, R. L. Keek, W. A Kroeplin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A Torrence, J. 0. Woodson BUSINESS STAFP Assistant Business Manager J. P. Girard National Advertislngr Manager W. J. QlllUan Local Advertising Manager JL R. Hensler Circulation Manager M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor _Ellizabeth Pyke Associate EMitors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, SaUy McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor JL F. Obenchain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6837 BnrinsM Phone 5038
Night Editor—Deckard Issue Editor—De Hoog Wednesday, May 4, 1938
more . . . finished up with a week or so of straight feature writing . . . pulled down $25. Hugh came out for Exponent during his first semester at Purdue and started in on the editorial staff . . . in successive years after that served as editorial assistant, associate editor, and this year as “B and B” editor . . . also wrote several news stories and a few editorials . . . has contributed cartoons to the paper occasionally. The University publicity office recognized Forster’s writing ability this yoer and called on him to help Athletic Publicity DirecW Bob Woodworth in handling sports news ... he Mped put out football programs, covered various confe&ts from the press box. His writing and drawing skill will “get him places” in journalistic work after he graduates in June, but before he goes we want to thank the best undergraduate newspaperman on the campus for his services to the Exponent.
Letters to the Editor
Jacqueline Cocliran Visits University
collegiate
Letters to the editor must be kept at a reasonable length and must be accompanied by the writers’ signatures. Unless otherwise requested, the author’s name will be published with his letter. If, for reasons obvious to our readers, the editor sees fit to withhold any name, that name will be kept in strict confidence.
Why ‘Swing’ Old Favorites?
Dear Editor:
Although most of my musical training has been in classical and semi-classical music, and consequently my own preference is for that type of music, I am not averse to “swing.” Music is a personal thing, and one man cannot criticize another’s tastes. But there is one tendency in recent musical arrangement that grates on the nerves of traditionally trained music lovers. That is the adaption to swing of the old favorites from folk-music and the
Jacqueline Cochran, winner of the Bendix, Harmon and Mitchell trophies during the past year, and one of the nation’s leading aviatrix, landed at the University airport Sunday morning, and spent several hours inspecting the University’s flying equipment. Miss Cochran, in private life the wife of Floyd B. Odium, president of the Atlas Corp., landed at the airport at 11:15 yesterday morning, where she was met by President E. C. Elliott. After inspecting the airport and the work of aeronautical engineering students she had luncheon with President and Mrs. Elliott. After lunch. Miss Cochran inspected the Women’s Residence Halls, and then departed in her Beechcraft plane with her secretary and mechanic for Chicago.
Riding Club Plans Lawn Party, Ride
How fast do you learn? A person’s ability to learn is greatest when he is about 23 years old. That is the top of what is called “the learning curve.” At the age of five you could learn only one-third as fast; at nine or ten, half as fast. By the age of 14 you could learn three-quarters as fast, and up to 15 the learning rate increases j-apidly. At 19 or 20 the speed has reached 95 per cent of its peak. The change is exceedingly slight between 20 and 25. Then, says Your Life, magazine, after about 23 the curve begins infinitesimally to decrease. The learning rate descends much more slowly than it comes up. By the time you are 40 you can learn half as fast as you could at 15, and by 66 most men can learn faster than the boys ®f 10.
C—C—C
opera. Mutilation Of Art In my opinion it is in just as bad taste to swing Foster’s “Old Black Joe” as it would be to jeer a minister during his sermon; it is as much a desecration to “heat up” the favorite “One So Fair” aria from Flotow’s Martha as it is to spit on a Raphael canvas. It is the mutilation of a fine art, the despoilment of tradition. The abolishment of swing is no aim of this outbui’st. We realize that as long as man will respond to the beat of the tom-tom there will have to be music appealing to an instinctive emotion, and intellectual music can never take its place. But why this popular desecration of our old favorites? Disgtisted.
Plans for a lawn party and ride at the Purdue Riding Stables were discussed at a Riding Club meeting held recently in the Union. All members of the club are invited by Irving Summers, club president, to attend and bring dates to the party, which will be held tomorrow, at 7 p. m. Summers also asks all riders who plan to participate in the horse show. May 15, to sign the sheet in the Union office stating which event they will take part in.
Dyson Will Explain 'Sales Engineering'
“Y’wanna buy a duck?”—only Joe Penner is just plain giving the lU Kappas one. The story goes thac the radio and stage comedian heard about the alleged ducknapping of “Night Mare,” an Easter gift to a Kappa co-ed from a friend at Yale. (By ll'e way, menib i j of the Phi Gamma Delta ^’ralernitl were accused) So Mr. Penner telegraphed the Phi Cams that he iho igh the Kappas civ'I.t to have more proof, but that . t was sendh.,^ a cousin of his famous “Goo-Goo” so the Phi Gams could duck the Kappa’s wrath.
r—C—C
Beta Sigma Psi...
, . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: O. B. Moan, president; R. B. Marozick, first vice-president; A. M. Beguly, second vice-president; E. L. Brindle, treasurer; C. H. Waldhauer, st^ard; E. E. Hartman, secretary; R. H. Bergstedt, corresponding secretary; E. R. Passow, social chairman; and V. H. I,ux, pledge captain.
R. R. Dyson, general manager of the Link Belt Company of Indianapolis, will appear on the campus tonight at 7:30 o’clock to speak on “Sales Engineering.” The lecture will be given in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Dyson is being brought here by Professor F. C. Hockema in conjunction with his GE 105 classes and the University section of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. W. B. Wolverton, president of the University’s section of the society, said yesterday that anyone interested might attend.
After four years of alternately plugging away at studies and a typewriter, we have at last reached the point where the end is in sight. Graduation being just around the Fieldhouse, we must prepare to say goodbye to many cherished associations.
One task we must give up is that of writing this bit each day. Sometimes it has been a chore, but most of the time it has been a lark. We hope it has proved interesting to you—most of the time—for that has been our aim.
We could say something about suppressing the flow of tears as we write these final words and prepare to turn the column over to our undbrstudy for keeps—^but we never were much good at supressing anything—so let the tear drops fall where they may.
In conclusion, and with today’s column, we are submitting a few “case records” of the “love life” of some prominent juniors and seniors. Our understudy has promised to use one of these records every day until the supply is exhausted.
When that day comes we will have reached the end of our rope— and to put it in words of a popular song—“we did have fun, and no harm done”—we hope.
CASE RECORD OF HOWARD M. HUMPHREYS
Age .. Height Weight Hair
21 6’ 1” . .. 175 Fuzzy-brown
Disposition Slick Reach (x) 6’ 3” (x) This dimension is most important in affaires d’amour. Tactics are described as being the refined “chest-crusher” type with his barrel chest giving him a distinct advantage.
Goes with Vi Dammeyer, ex-stu-
ARC
-LAST DAY-
ECWARD L. ALPB^ON*
Cf^^!£t44€l^%m46^
MISJiy04jpg,t
—also— ‘RADIO PATROL” No. 6
Hitching your wagon to a star is all right but oftentimes it doesn’t get you as far as hitching your buggy to a horse. At least co-eds at the University of Nevada had thought enough of the latter manner of getting places to learn a lesson about buggy harnesses. On their way to class one day in the proverbial horse and old-time buggy, they were unable to ascertain why the buggy always kept running into the horse. Automobiles had never acted that way, according to the bewildered maidens. So some old-timers came to the rescue. Our heroes explained that the breeching was not on right and readjusted it. Result: the co-eds scratched up a new mark on their university credits.
A
-TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE
HAWAII gAttS^
-plusinvisible ENEMY
with ALAN MARSHALL
STARTS TOMORROW TWO FEATURES
KENNY BAKER IN Mr. Dodd Takes the Air —AND— INTERNATIONAL CRIME vriTH ROD LaROCQUE
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lkbiy
7 don’t recognize one of these billboards—I told you we should have brought a road map!”
dent who is now back in Indianapolis with family. Has never put out pin, but both Vi and Vi’s family accept him as Vi’s future husband.
answered in time to beat a deadline he had set. . . Has been razzed no end about this.
Nicknames: “Mildew,” “Hump.” Went with Lyda Lyons for a while. Famed in the DU house for his loving of the dog.
iVine Street-Cars ...
Invited Vi to about two weeks
Prom, she waited to accept and when
. . . lined up on the levee last night when service to the West Side was interrupted for 35 minutes by a break in the overh^ead power line. The break occurred on the levee in front of Kroger’s store at 9:40 p.m.
she finally did. Hump announced to all and sundi’y that she had just
*STCA in«an»X Student Tourist (or Third) Clou Association' For details, inquire S.T.C A. Department HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE
'K
“J
4
4
'I
jWednesday. May 4, 1938
THEPUBDUE
EXPONENT
1 •
Lambda Chi' s Lead After First Day Of Greek Track Meet
Frosh Steal Show With Winners In All Events
Boilermaker Nine Tackles Little Giants Today
Purdue’s baseball nine, which has chalked up three victories in four starts against Big Ten competition this season, will tackle Wa-. bash at Crawfordsville this afternoon at 4 o’clock. This game will serve as a final test for the game with the Big Ten leaders, Chicago, here Saturday. Carrol “Turk” Mangas, veteran hurler will perform on the mound for the Boilermakers. He will toss against the same batsmen that he faced last season. The Little Giants have a squad consisting mainly of last year’s members. Although the Boilermakers easily defeated the Wabash College nine in an earlier encounter, 6-2, the Little Giants should not be underestimated. They are stronger than they looked in the earlier part of the season, and should give the Riveters strong opposition. Barbara Cook Wins Diving Championship Adding another victory to her diving wins, Barbara Cook, Kappa Alpha Theta, defeated Arlite Smith for the Middle State’s high board diving championship last Sunday
night
In the Indianapolis swimming meet. Miss Cook defeated the Medinah Athletic Club of Chicago by a bare 2.01 points. She represented the Indianapolis Athletic Club In 1936 Miss Cook won the national junior championship meet held in Washington, D C.
Golfers Begin Tourney Today All campus golf will get under way today as each contestant vdll shoot an 18-hole qualifying round with an opponent who is entered in the tournament. Match play must oe run off before Monday, May 9, with the eight low scoring men gaining the finals. AH score cards are to be left at the office of the Public Golf Course. A list of the entrants in the tourney may be obtained at the intramural office. Following is the list of men from who those playing off their matches must pick their opponents: T. J. Hutchison, D. S. Campbell, C. L. Keys, J. S. Green, B. Evers, F. C Richardson, T. O. Marshall, L. G. Lefforge, T. N. Pauken, R. A. Hoffer, L. C. Farquhar, R. Ort, R. C. Jones, R. Gunn, F. A. Gustainis, J. E. O’Connor. R. W. Sheay, D E. Wilkens, G. Dahl, J. T. Haller, H. F. Winn, A. E. Smith, R. I. Mayo, J. Dickstem, M. Swinehart, J. Small, R. K. "Reading, G. G. Burke, J. Lucek, A. W. Sokolowski, W. K. Sharpies, A. T, Witham, A. W. Mathieson. Alpha Kappa Lambda . . . . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: Donald C. Manlove, president; Robert L. Richardson, vice-president; Leonard D. Kingsley, treasurer; Richard L. Strahl, recording secretary; Robert L. Hull, corresponding secretary; and Matthew S. Brinduse as athletic manager.
Martha Washington Candy — is — The Ideal Candy for Mother’s Day We Pack and Mail ORDER EARLY The Vellinger Pharmacy 834 Main Street
Mr, Merchant:
All
Aboard! Hop up the gang plank and sail with the rest... sailing right to your potential buyers — the students and faculty of Purdue. You can't cross the ocean without transportation . . . nor can you cross to the Campus buyers without transportation. ... WE'RE NOT IN THE TRANSPORTATION BUSINESS,—but we'll take your name to your buyers via an EXPONENT AD Phone 5038
• the Purdue Exponent
Intromurols
BASEBALL —Today— Diamond 1— Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Delta Chi 2— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Beta Sigma Psi 3— Acacia vs. Theta Xi. 4— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Theta Tau 5— Pi Kappa Phi vs. Phi Pi Phi. 6— Phi Kappa vs. Triangle. 7— Ward 3 vs Ward 13. 8— Ward 2X vs. Ward 12. 9— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Sigma Nu. 10— Kappa Sigma vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 11— Ward 17X vs. Cary HaU 1. 12— Cary Hall 5 vs. Ward llA.
League Standings NATIONAL LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. New York 12 2 .857 Chicago 10 6 .666 Pittsburgh 8 6 .672 Cincinnati 7 8 .466 Boston 5 6 .455 Brooklyn 6 8 .429 St. Louis 5 9 .357 Philadelphia 2 11 .164 Yesterday’s Results St. Louis, 3; Boston, 2. Brooklyn, 7; Pittsburgh, 2. Cincinnati, 10; New York, 2. Chicago, 5; Philadelphia, 2.
ALL-CAMPUS TENNIS Today—4:15 J. Powell vs, R. F. DeHoog. R. D. Hargesheimbr vs. J. S. Green. Jerry Johnson vs. R. J. Schrader. D. L. Douglas vs. Carpenter. R A. Himes vs. J. Kerwin or Billings. C K. Moore vs D. C. Meyer or W. Vaughn. D. P. Morse vs. M S. Jones. CLASS ‘B’ DOUBLES Today—4:15 Pi Kappa Phi vs Sigma Chi. SAE vs SAM. Theta Tau vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Phi Kappa Tau. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. AKL. ATO vs. Phi Delta Theta. Phi Gamma Delta vs. Lambda Chi Alpha Sigma Pi vs Tau Epsilon Phi. Beta Theta Pi vs Phi Kappa. CL4SS ‘A’ DOUBLES Pi Kappa Alpha vs Sigma Nu. Sigma Chi vs Phi Kappa. INDEPENDENIS All men desiring to enter ward golf and tennis singles competition sign up on entry blanks on intramural bulletin board. —MIDDLETON.
AMERICAN
LEAGUE Won Lost Pet.
Cleveland
11
3
.786
Washington
9
7
.562
New York
9
7
.562
Boston
7
6
.639
Chicago
5
6
.454
Detroit
5
8
.385
St Louis
5
9
.357
Philadelphia
4
8
.333
Yesterday’s Results Philadelphia, 7; Chicago, 2. New York, 5; St. Louis, 1, Boston, 4; Detroit, 3. Cleveland, 10; Washington, 9. Women’s Athletics Men archers will j'oin women archers on the women’s range tomorrow at 4 p m. for a mixed meet. Persons interested in archery are invited by the physical education department to tal%s part in the shooting. Archers will be divided into mixed groups for competition.
Chi Omega, winner of league 1, will play the winner of league 2 for the baseball championship of the single round robin tournament that will be completed this week Practices for the class tournaments will start this next week. “Girls wishing to play in the class games should play in some of the intramural games. This week is their last opportunity,” Miss Veronica Brady, faculty supervisor of WAA announced
AUTO BODY SHOP Complete Body, Fender Repairing and Wrecker Service Top Trimming and Woodwork — Safety Glass — General Welding of All Kinds — Axle and Wheel Aligning
R. H Thoennes and Chas. Harrington, Props. 107 S. 2nd St. Bus. Phone: 2998 i Res. Phones: 7793
3457
132 Vine S». W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
Military Uniforms Cleaned and Pressed At Following Prices Coats 27c Breeches 30c Belts Ic Shirts 10c Caps Ic Neckties Ic Call 3085 for pick up and delivery or take them to our West Side Office, 132 Vine Street. i AMERICAN LAUNDRY
By George R. Doty The first half of the inter-fra-ternity track meet eame to a close yesterday with the Lambda Chis in front with 11 points. The leaders held top honors by a slim margin of one and one-half points over Phi Gamma Delta. Close on the heels of the Phi Gam’s, Phi Sigma Kappa followed with a total of seven and one-half points. Behind them the field was bunched closely with the SAE’s, ATO’s, and the Beta’s winning five points each. In the 100 yard dash, Tycocki, freshman, breezed down the stretch to take first honors with the time of 10 seconds flat. In the 440 yard dash, Shackleton broke the tape as he ran the quarter in 52.8 seconds. Holderman, freshman distance star, loafed along to win the mile in 4:47 and then won second in the 440 and grabbed high point honors for the day. Baseball Squad Slips In Chase For Crown Purdue’s baseball squad slipped into third place in the Big Ten title race when they split a pair of contests with Michigan last week-end. The Boilermakers have won three games and lost one. Chicago and Iowa, undefeated in their two Big Ten encounters, are tied for first place honors. Chicago and Iowa will nsk their perfect records this week when the Boilermakers entertain the Maroon team and Iowa invades Minnesota. Indiana will travel to Michigan to meet the Wolverines, with Ohio State at Northwestern and Wisconsin at Illinois. The standings are as follows: Won Lost Pet. Chicago 2 0 1.000 Iowa 2 0 1.000 PURDUE 3 1 .760 Ohio State 3 1 .760 Indiana „ 3 1 .750 Wisconsin 3 2 .600 Illinois 2 2 .600 Michigan 1 4 .200 Northwestern . 0 4 .000 Minnesota 0 4 .000 Track Team To Face Strong Competition Boilermaker track men will be facing unusually strong competition when they meet Pittsburgh, Northwestern, and Minnesota in a quadrangular track meet at Dyche Stadium, Northwestern, Saturday. Led by Johnny Woodruff, Olympic 800 meter champion, the Pitt Panthers seem to have more all around strength than %|qiy of the other three Big Ten teams. Purdue, however, will offer a real fight for second honors in the meet. The Boilermakers hold a 47-39 victory over the Northwestern squad in an indoor meet in the Fieldhouse earlier in the year. Minnesota, although not usually a power in track circles, will enter several capable performers. Leading the Gophers will be Hubbard, a broad jumper, and Verran, a dash man. Pitt made an impressive showing in the Penn Relays, winning the sprint relays, the half-mile, and the mile relays.
Purdue Netmen Swamped, 9-0 The University of Kentucky made a clean sweep of its dual meet with Purdue here this afternoon, walking off with a 9 to 0 victory. The visitors were extended to three sets in only two matches, the No. 1 doubles and the No 5 singles. The summary Singles—Englehardt, Kentucky, defeated Fuente, Purdue, 6-0, 6-3; Evans, Kentucky, defeated Gardner, Purdue, 6-1, 6-4, Ragland, Kentucky, defeated Blitz, Purdue, 6-2, 6- 2; May, Kentucky, defeated Brodsky, Purdue, 6-2, 7-5; Botts, Kentucky, defeated Mann, Purdue, 2-6, 7- 9, 6-1; Cooley, Kentucky, defeated Jackson, Purdue, 10-8, 6-3. Doubles—Englehardt and Ragland, Kentucky, defeated Gardner and Fuente, Purdue, 4-6, 6-4, 9-7; Evans and Botts, Kentucky, beat Jackson and Brodsky, Purdue, 6-4, 6-3; May and Boone, Kentucky, defeated Blitz and Mann, Purdue, 6-1, 6-4 Clevelt Informs Golfers Of Tournament Rules AH candidates for the fresh-man-varsity golf tournament have been issued specific instructions by “Chief” Clevett, intramural head. On the evening of May 10, all of the scores which have been turned in, will be tabulated, and Golf Coach Jack Bixler, will issue invitations for the winners’ appearance at later tryouts. The instructions are as follows: Play four nine hole rounds at the Public Golf Course with four different contestants, using the first titma holes. Have your opponent sign the card before turning it in to Linee at the office of the Public Golf Course. Make your own arrangements as to opponent. Time limit on the 36 hole play will be May 10. Signify before starting that you are plajring for freshman-varsity score. For those who fail to make the necessary contacts, it is suggested that you report to the course and ready to play not later than 4:15 any afternoon between now arid May 10. For those who are willing and able to play more than the minimum 36 holes, it is suggested that all scores be turned in for scrutiny by Coach Jack Bixler. Match Opponents The following men who have entered the contest are to pick their opponents for their match: E. McQuillan, A. Evers, R. Reading, W. Hartnett, F. Daoust, E, E. Butler, R. H. McGhee, R, T. Wunderlich, H. Weiner, J. Solan, R. M. Kolb, A. W. Mathieson, R. Gunn, F. A. Gustainis, J. S. Green, and F C. Richardson. T. O. Marshall, D. S. Campbell, J. E. Moeller, T. N. Pauken, R. A. Hoffer, R. H. Bergstedt, L. A. Fosse, R. C. Jones, A. E. Smith, M, S. Keenan, R. E. Maynard, F. T. Sai-ginson, A. T Witham, W. C. McCullough, M. S. Jones, J. Zappia, R. A. Himes.
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLED 4th and Ferry Lafayette
I\h £ <* E tv
E > fl*n- ‘i^-Hftuti ^-vti»*‘tP‘ V Vf^ VA,i« Wfv
iy'Vv!‘
JkcaL (idA,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TUdiatA.
Wednesday, May 4, 1938
Freshman Co-ed Honorary Will Sell Fraternities Mothers'Day Corsages Mothers’ Day corsages will be sold to fraternities and sororities by Alpha Lambda Delta, the members decided at a meeting of the freshmen co-ed honorary recently in the Memorial Union Building. Proceeds from the sales will go to the sophomore scholarship fund which is being planned by the club. Pledging of new membei-s will be held tomorrow in the Union. Purposes and organization of the club will be explained during the meeting for the benefit of the new members, Vice-President Katherine Mounce announced. Graduate Students To Meet At Union University graduate students meet tonight at 8 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union for a session of games and entertainment officials of the group announced last night. A “Radio Skit Behind the Scenes” will be presented during the evening by G. D. Williams of the speech department, and a cast of students. Entertainment will also include dancing, refreshments, cards, and other games. Members of the staffs of the graduate school and graduate council, and their wives, have been also invited by the graduate committee to attend the meeting and participate in the activities of the evening. University Accepts Gift Of Bird Skins Three thousand bird skins have been given to the University by the courtesy of Eli Lilly, University Trustee, and other persons of Indianapolis. The gift, which is valued at $3,000, includes practically every bird common to Indiana, in addition to many from all over the United States and some from foreign countries. All of the skins have been stuffed, but the specimens have not been mounted;. They wall be on display in the museum of the department of biology within a few weeks.
WB A A Programs
When You Break Window Glass Call U8 for prompt and efficient replacement. We abo, carry a fall line of PITTSBURGH PAINTS Mini a complete nevr stock of Wall Papers. Huneck's Glass & Paint Co. VtAWdm PImnmS841
Dr. C. B. Jordan Heads Conference To Further Cause Of Public Health
—Today 11:00—^American Institutions, Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:50—^Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks. 12:15—Sports Review—Bob Heine. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time with Lou Schilling’s Orchestra. 12:45—Market and Weather Reports. 1:00—Meditations, Rev. C. C. Harold. 1:15—“I Want A Job.” 1:30—The Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Wanita Wilson, soprano. 2:00—Asher Booth, baritone. 2:15—^This Week in Literatiire, A. R. Rolfs. 2:30—^You and Your Child. 2:45—^Hymn Echoes, Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 3:00—Home Decorator. 3:16—The American Scene. 3:30—Music with the Masters. 4:00—^Reflections. 4:16—Stamp Club of the Air. 4:30—Copcert Review.
Dr. C. B. Jordan, dean of the University’s Pharmacy school, was chosen chairman of a state conference to further the cause of public health at a recent meeting at the University. Dr. F. T. Romberger of West Lafayette, was elected vicechairman, and Prof. H. W. Heine, of the pharmacy school, was named secretary-treasurer of the group. With the organization of an Indiana inter-professional Health Conference in view, the purpose of the recent session was to advance the cause of public health by improving the quality of service offered in the various fields. Spread Education The group plans to increase the interchange of information and of knowledge between members of the various groups concerned and advance research in various civic, health and professional problems in this general field. A proposed constitution was accepted and will be submitted to the member associations for their adoption. The recent meeting was attended by 22 representatives of the state professional groups including state medical, dental, pharmaceutical, nurses, and hospital associations. Executive Committee The executive committee includes Dr. Romberger, of the State Medical Association; Dr. A. R. Ross, Lafayette, of the Indiana Dental Association; C. E. Nelson, Hammond, of the Indiana Pharmaceutical Association; Edgar Lake, Jr., of the Indiana Hospital Association; and Miss Beatrice Short, Indianapolis, of the Indiana State Nurses’ Association. Also in attendance at the recent meeting called by Dean Jordan were Dr. Verne K. Harvey, secretary of the State Board of Health, and Thomas Hendricks, Indianapolis, secretary of the Indiana Medical Association. Home E( Students Moiel Clothes Next Saturday “The Co-ed from High School to Profession” will be the theme of a fashion show of the work of home economics clothing students in the Home Economics auditorium at 10:30 a. m. next Saturday. Clothing students will model in the show which will be directed by Miss Constance Hastie, instructor in the clothing and textiles department, and will be assisted by the girls of the “Mademoiselle College Board.” Although planned for mothers attending the Mothers’ Day festivities, the fashion showing is open, the home economics instructors say, to the general public.
Federal Agronomist Accepts Purdue Job Dr. A. M. Brunson, agronomist of the U. S. Department of Agriculture, was stationed recently in the University Agricultural Experiment Station’s botany department. Working on a project cooperative between the UnSvarsity and the department of agriculture. Dr. Brunson’s research will be concerned with the genetic improvement of field corn and pop corn. Having held a position at Manhattan, Kans., since 1923, Dr. Brunson comes to Purdue with 16 years of experience in corn breeding. He will take over the work previously conducted by R. R. St. John, who resigned a year ago to accept a job with the DeKalb Agricultural Association, DeKalb, 111. Dr. Brunson graduated from the University of Illinois in 1913, and received a degree of doctor of philosophy from Cornell University in 1923. Dr. and Mrs. Brunson will reside at 806 North Main street, West Lafayette.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adfflng machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
LOST SUNDAY—Tan portable victrola one mile north and one mile west of river road. Notify Marilyn McElwee, WRH. Reward.
Get Your MOTHER’S DAY MENUS at the Lafayette Printing Company 511-517 Ferry Phone 7828
• the Purdue Exponent Service , Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Educcxtion H.G.BEESNER SODTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student • Beauty Sfudio e EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE e Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. EIENLY BEAimr STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7T27
• Auto Rental
BENT A CAR Drive It YoursdU THAYER'S GARAGE Across from Methodist Chunh WEST LAFAYERE Phone 51784
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic im. PA1T1. A. KUSK DB. HABOUD 1. BISK DB. BOBBBT G. BISK DB. LUTHBB A. BI8K
4th & Main
I^one 5701
• Locksmith
LAWN MOWERS NEW—USED-eHABPENm New Mowers 6.50 and vp. Delivery service on Mowsn. MumAUPrs Pho«»2628-20S-ll H. SthaL
University Club Arranges Picnic, Concert May 9 A picnic and band concert Monday afternoon, May 9, will be the final event of the University Club’s social program for the year, Prof. Frank C. Hockema, University Club president, announced recently. The picnic will start at 4:30 p. m. at Westwood, the home of Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Stewart. The University Military Band will play from 4:30 to 5:30 p. m., presenting a program especially arranged by Prof. Paul S. Emrick, director.
Notices Ha Motieoa Aaaaptad Alter S pjm.
Fi‘atemities and Sororities: Applications to participate in the Mothers’ Day All-Uni-versity Sing must be made in the Union office by 6 p. m., Wednesday, May 4. —WOOD. CABONARGI.
Cosmopolitan Club: A special meeting is called for Wednesday, May 4, at 7:1B p. m. in room F of the Union. It is urgent that all members attend. —GERLACH.
’ Cosmopolitan Cinb: Important regular meeting in room Cof the Union Friday May 6, 7:30 p. m. I' is urgent that all members attend. Nominating committee will be announced and dance tickets distributed. —CARACCIOLO.
Student Connselors: There will be no meeting this afternoon. It will be held in the biology lecture room on Tuesday, May 10, at 4 p. m. Dr. F. B. Knight will speak on “The Psychology of Counseling.” —WALTERS.
WSGA Office Committee: All girls interested in making posters report to office on Wednesday, May 4, at 4 p. m. —BRADSHAW.
Airport Dance Committee: Meet after Plying Club meeting at 8:80 in room C of the Union, Wednesday, May 4. -MORGAN.
Fraternity Presidents: Council meeting Thursday, May 5, at 6 p. m. at the Theta Xi house. —WHITING.
Union Sophomores and Freshmen: Meeting of our committees in workroom at 4 p. m. Wednesday, May 4. —MATTHEWS, JACOBSON, SAMUELSON, TAYLOR.
Exponent Workers: Sophomore co-eds will put out Wednesday night’s paper (May 4). That night’s staff need not report for work. —BROCK.
Triton Club: Meeting Tuesday, May 3, from 7:30 to 8:30 p. m. Practice for the swimming meet, May 10. —JORGESON.
Summer Session Catalogs: 1938 catalogs are now available in summer session office and in registrar’s office. (B-B) —KNIGHT. Catalyst Club: The date of the final initiation has been changed to Wednesday, May 11. The dinner will be held at the Pi Kappa Phi house. (6-B) —BOWMAN.
University Choir: Unorganized girls who wish to sing in May Day Sing meet Wednesday, May 4, at 4 p. m. in room C of the Union Building. —WEIN.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting in the WSGA office at 7:4B, May 4. —LEAMING.
Hofiticultul|al Society: Meeting in the Horticultural Building Wednesday, May 4 at 7 p. m. —SMITH.
.’AA Council: Meeting m WAA office idnesday. May 4, at 5 p. m. L-MERRITT.
Gimlet: Initiation postponed until next week. Turn in tickets and money to Girard. (B-B) —BROWN.
Camera Club: Meeting scheduled for Tuesday, May 3, has been postponed until May 17. (6-B) —WEST. Contributors to Debris Photography: All may receive prints of negatives by calling for same at the Debris office in the Union Building any week-day evening after 4 p. m. (B-6) —EHINGER.
YWCA; Cabinet meeting at 4 in the YWCA office, Wednesday, May 4. —KLEIN.
Purdue Motorcyclists: Regular meeting Thursday, May B, at 7 p. m. in the Union, room D. —GLENN.
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting in the Union Exponent office at 7:1B Wednesday, May 4. —FORSTER.
$85 WORTH OF CAMERA—And equipment for $55. Korelle Reflex, F-3.5 lens, focal plane shutter, and miscellaneous equipment. Call 41641 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. Leave name and phone.
Special on Military Uniforms
Complete Uniform Cleaned and Pressed
70
Leave at State and Vine or call 4073 for Delivery
80WN umB
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
LOST—Chi Omega pin. Tuesday afternoon on archery range. Reward. Call 7969.
The OLD and the NEW WONT MIX-
no more so than the Horse and Buggy and the Airplane — Cobblestone Streets and the Hundred-Mile-An-Hour-Automobile . . . In fact, no more so than Old Merchandising Ideas and Modern Stock. They just Don't Mix—and they Won't Mix. Think for a short minute of the most successful business man in Lafayette. He is well known—well known to all his customers by Name as well as by Reputation. Advertising is known as one of the better means of building both You and Your Reputation—especially is this true of good consistent advertising. Think a minute longer— then Call 5038. A representative will be pleased to see you.
the PURDUE EXPONENT