•> (
I*!
St /
> I
Stlje Pursue Wxpatiexit
Published Daily by Students of Pu|r4ue University.
VOLUME XLVJII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 21, 1937
NUMBER 1B6
Pacifists To Sponsor Full Day Program Tomorrow As a part of the Student Strike Against War, Senator LaFollette will speak over a nation-wide hookup of the Columbia broadcasting system, tonight at 7:16 o’clock. The broadcast is under the auspices of the United Student Peace Committee. In co-ordination with this national student strike, members of the Purdue Student Alliance, Purdue'^ Religious Council, Y. W. C. A., Wesley Foundation, and Roger Williams Club are co-operating on a University program for tomorrow. These organizations have planned a full day’s demonstration and strike against war. At 7:30 tomorrow morning, morning watch will be given in the Wesley Foundation House. At a demonstration in Eliza Fowler Hall at 10 o’clock. Rabbi Simon, rabbi for University students, will give the principle speech on “Higher Patriotism.” R. A. Buckles, chairman of the Purdue Student Alliance, and Ruth Reeder will also speak. Students will not be excused from classes for this demonstration. Graves To Lead Forum Dr. Graves, of the University mathematics department, will lead a forum in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at the noon hour. He will review the book, “Power of Non-Violence.” Those who are planning to attend the forum will fast. The peace committee states, “This is being done to prove that the demonstration is being given in all seriousness, not an excuse to cut class. Money that would be spent for lunch will be donated to the cause.” The local Student Strike Against War will close at 4 o’clock. Vesper services under the supervision of W. D. McEachron, will be conducted in room C of the Memorial Union Building.
Acacia Acacia fraternity announces the pledging of N. H. Riise, Doylestown, 0., and I. S. Willis, Romney.
//
30
//
By Hugh Morris
April 21, 1937 RATHER than marry hastily and regret it later, listen to the note of advice from Dean Arthur C. Beclfer, of DePaul University school of music, who advises college men to be sure that the girl they intend to marry can sing. He says . . . —30— “GIRLS who can’t carry ^ tune can’t be expected to properly time the broiling of a steak. An unmusical girl overcooks, undercooks, and halfbakes a meal. Nothing is so unharmonious to a home as chronic indigestion.” —SOSA YS a columnist in the Tulane Hullaballoo: “There are two kinds of college men—^the kind that rests over the week-end in order to be ready for school, and the kind that rests during school in order to be ready for the week-end . . . What about the kind that just rests? —30— ONE of the better write4ps following the presentation of a student play was found in the Daily O’Collegian, Stillwater, Okla., last week: “Other than a few hard falls, a few costume tears, some loud backstage curses, a few mixups in the lighting effects, and a few minor changes in the programs, dress rehearsal weijt off last night about as smooth as a ^r^ashboard!” —30— AND from the Indiana Daily Student: “In the silent darkness of a forbidding cave, four miles southwest of Bloomington, four men last night were inducted into Sigma Gamma Epsilojti, hon^jpy geology fraternity.” . . . BOO! A
Marcia Bissell^ ^23, Opera Star To Sing At Union Marcia Kenyon Bissell, University graduate of 1923, and noted Cleveland opera singer, will present a musical program in the music room of the/Memorial Union Building this coming Sunday afternoon at 4 o’clock. Mrs. Bissell spent two years ^t the University, prior to which she attended Hiram College in Ohio. She is the daughter of the late Prof. A. M. Kenyon, head of the University mathematics department until the time of his death in 1921. While she was at the University, she was very active. She sang with the Girls’ Glee Club, and had leading roles in the Harlequin Club productions of 1922 and 1923. She is an alumnae of Kappa Alpha Theta sorority, and served one year as president of the Cleveland Alumnae chapter.
Pistol Teaiii Wins Two More Matches With nine matches already won, the Purdue pistol team has yet to lose a match this year. In the two contests last week. Captain Kay’s men defeated the University of Florida by a score of 1,376 to 1,338, and the University of Missouri by 1,396 to 1,345. Other teams that have lost to the University team include Virginia Military Institute, University of Illinois, University of Wisconsin, Colorado State College, Texas A. & M., Iowa State, and Harvard.
PIA Will Choose Officers Friday Purdue Independent Association members will vote for P. I. A. officials for the ensuing year in the main hall of the Memorial Union Building Friday. The polls wilFbe open to members presenting membership cards from 7 a. m. until 5 p. m. Also up for consideration, at this time will be a revised constitution, designed to correct imperfections in the old Independent constitution. Candidates for office are as follows: president, N. M. Parkhurst, and R. H. Schlundt; co-ed executive, Mary Wien; vice-president, F. B. Clymer and W. Feldman; secretary, Martha Whitehead and Sylvia Zussin; treasurer, W. F. R. Briscoe, D. K. Wells, and S. A. Wright. The officials will be announced at the P. I. A. Spring Formal, Friday night, and will be installed at the P. I. A. banquet May 5.
Imle, University Grad, Receives Cornell Post Ernest Imle, Purdue graduate and member of the staff of the botany department of the agricultural staff has been notified of his appointment to a fellowship in plant pathology at Cornell University, Ithaca, N. Y., where he will report for duty April 26. Six months out of the year Imle will wor ktoward a Ph. D. degree; the rest of the year he will spend at the Boyce Thompson Institute for Plant Research at Yonkers, N. Y., where he will conduct: investigations on the diseases of lilies.
French Group Of The Women’s Club Adjourns The French section of the Purdue Women’s Club held it’s last meeting of the present season yesterday at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge of Memorial Union Building. A musical program was presented by Mrs. Jaipes L. Cattell, Mrs. Albert P. Stewart, and Mrs. Sigel A. Anderson.
AChS To Hear Latest Chemical Developments University scientific staff members, who attended the American Chemical Society’s spring meeting, will briefly review important papers presented at this meeting for the Purdue division of the same society, at its monthly meeting at 7:80 p. m-, A^yU
Barker To Play For pi A Spring Formal On Friday Evening P. I. A.’s Spring Formal, climaxing the independents’ social program for the year, will get under way in the Uiuon ballroom at 9 o’clock next Friday evening to the music of Paul Barker and his orchestra. Decorations for the dance will include the waterfall and the garden scene used for the Junior Prom. Barker’s 13-piece orchestra from Indianapolis, has played for numerous college dances throughout the state. On his list of entertainers are the “Charming Chansonettes,” a girls’ singing and violin trio. Miss Mavern Cherry, soloist, a mixed trio, an accordion soloist, and a glee club. Members Admitted Free Members of P. I. A. will be admitted upon presentation of their membership card. Non-members are to be admitted only by paying the regular membership fee of one dollar. Results of the P. I. A. elections, which are to be held Friday, will be announced at this dance.
Extend Time Of Literary Contest The time of closing the entries for the campus literary contest has been extended from May 7 to May 14. An additional prize of $25 has beep offered by Prof. F. C. Hockema and R. B. Stewart for the best essay on some phase of Indiana history. Besides the new award, the fdllowing prizes are offered: The George Ade Cup for the best short play; the Horace G. Reisner Cup for the best short storj*; the David E. Ross Cup for the best poem or group of poems; the Howard Enders prizes of $10 and $5 for the best essays on a phase of science or on the work of a scientist who has made a contribution to civilization; and the English department prize of $10 for the best personal or familiar essay.
Wisconsin Students To Judge Livestock Here Today, a group of junior agricultural students of the University of Wisconsin, under the supervision of Prof. L. Darlow, will visit the Purdue ag campus for the purpose of practice judging the University’s livestock. The remainder of the week the group will spend visiting the Henry W. Marshall Farms, the Conner Prairie Farm, and Ljmwood Farm; all noted Indiana live-stock farms.
'New Trustees To Attend First Meeting Today Two new members of the University Board of Trustees will attend their first meeting at the ijuarterly meeting of the board today. They are Dr. Kathryn McHale, managing director of the American Association of College Women in Washington, D. C., and a staff member of Goucher College at Baltimore, Md., and John W. Wheeler, assistant to the vice-president of the Burlington Railroad, and a 1916 graduate of the Purdue civil engineering school.
University Prepares For Big Gala Week Far from finding the campus in a normal state, the returning alumni who will be here for Gala Week will find the campus in a state of feverish activity. As the progpram now stands, there will be something going on from Friday, April 30, straight on through Sunday, May 2, and most of the time will find a variety of activities occurring simultaneously. According to E. B. Baugh, alumni secretary, this year’s Gala Week should be the best ever held at Purdue. The senior class will be able to join in the ceremonies from Friday morning till Baccalaureate service, and will join the alumni in practically all of the festivities . Ag Campus Open House Friday will be filled with an ag campus open house, “P” Men’s dinner, and class anniversaries for a great many of the alumni. The program for Saturday will feature the laying of the Field House cornerstone, probably by one of Purdue’s former athletes, and the traditional Freshman-Varsity football game. Immediately following the laying of the cornerstone, the band will lead a parade of alumni and seniors up to the stadium, where several of the classes will present short novelty acts before the game and between the halves. On Sunday, Loyalty tickets will be awarded members of the returning alumni for their loyalty to Purdpe. In the afternoon, the Senior class will parade from the gym to the Armory for Baccalaureate exercises at 3 p. m. Adding to the excitement of Gala Week will be numerous dances, banquets, sport events, concerts, smokers, theatricals, and probably most important to the old alumni, some good old fashioned “bull sessions.”
PIA Program To Feature Plays The third Independent Night program of this year will be presented next Tuesday evening in the Memorial Union ballroom, with Tower Theatre and the P. I. A. dance band offering the entertainment. Tower Theatre will give three short plays; “Shadow House” by Gilbert Dunbar Williams; “They That Mourn” by Grant Wood, and ‘Experiment” by A. A. Radkey. The band, under the direction of Tom Frame, will play during the intermissions between plays. Bob Heine will act as master of ceremonies for the evening, and the entire program will be directed by Ralph Maby.
Forestry Club Elects Officers; Sees Movies At their regular meeting last night the University Forestry Club held an election of officers for the coming year. Those elected were: President, C. S. Walters; vice-presi-dent, William Seifert; secretarytreasurer, George Young. Entertainment for the members was furnished by movies of fishing and scenery in Canada which were presented to tHe club by G. D. Williams of the speech department.
Trophy Room Will Greet Visitors As They Enter Main Door Of Fieldhouse
By Bill Fifield As the field house and gymnasium gradually take shape, we shall follow the workmen as they partially finish one floor and go to another. The workmen started in the subbasement, but asmot many students will find their way down there; we skipped that part and started with the ground floor. In our present journey we will return to the first floor and see what is to take up the space along the trophy hall. Coming up a short flight of stairs from the main entrance, we shall be able to see two large permanent trophy cases in the center of the hall. Along the walls of the hall other movable cases will be placed^ es they are needed.
On the left side of the trophy hall, ticket-seller “Pop” Doan will have his new headquarters. His space will be limited to a large main office, a smaller private office, and a vault. Further down the corridor will be a series of offices connected together in which the coaches, athletic director, and physical education ipstructors will be located. “Nobe” Kizer, athletic director, will have a large office in the corner of tb© building, and his secretary will be located in a small room between Nobe’s office and the coaches’ offices. The rest qf the space on this floor is taken UP by lecture rooms, the swimming pool balcony, the varsity lounging room, and rest roopis.
Cosmopolitan Club Postpones Dinner Owing to unforeseen circumstances, the Cosmopolitan Club’s annual International Night program, which was scheduled for tomorrow evening, has been temporarily postponed. An announcement of the new date is expected in the near future.
Sennstrom Wins $50 Prize For Best Technical Paper H. R. Sennstrom, senior mechanical, took first place in the technical paper competition at the Fifth Annual Student Convention of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers at Chicago Monday and Tuesday. He was awarded $50 for his paper, “Railway Transportation Power Requirements,” from a field of 17 contestants. The convention was attended by 260 delegates from 17 universities and colleges, including all those in the area between Purdue and Minnesota, and Iowa State and Michigan Tech. They went on inspection trips to the Crane Company, the Western Electric Company, and the Commonwealth Edison Fisk Street Station. Accompanying Sennstrom to the conveption were Prpf L. V. Lufly, D. S. Clark, F. P. Eades, R. K. Weldy, and H. V. Heuser, ’36, and former editor of the Exponent.
Union To Sponsor Bridge Tournament Bridge fans will have a chance to prove their worth when the Union’s Contract Bridge Tournament gets undey way Monday. The competition wi!! !^e by teams of north and south players and east and west playeys, with the winners of each group being awarded prizes. Each fraternity and sorority will be permitted to enter four players, two for the east and west group and two in the north and south group. Entries should be in by April 26 and the matches will be arranged according to the time each team can play. First round matches may be played any evening after 7 o’clock, but the results must be in by April 30.
Physician Declares Quarter Ton Boy Normed Robert Wadlow, the 19-year-old giant, who weighs nearly a quarter of a ton and is eight feet, five inches in height, was declared normal in many respects yesterday, by Dr. L. H. Behrens of Barnes hospital in St. Louis where Wadlow has been examined frequently, in the first of a group of clinics presented before members of the American College of Physicians. The doctor stated that the boy differed from other people only in the behavior of his pii;uitary gland, which is apparently out of control. Wadlow may reach nine feet in height, as his growth may continue for several years.
Local SAE Members Will Alteiid PeQm Moetbig •s University members of the S. A. E. will journey to Peoria, 111., tomorrow in order to atteqd the tractor meting of the Society of Automotive Engineers which wjU be held in the Hotel fere Marquette. There will be discussions of “Diesel Engines For Agricultural Purposes” and “Fuel Injection Equipment,” Thursday afternoon the travelers will visit the Caterpillar Company and then view a field demonstration which will show the equipment in operation.
AiktbQr Of Play Shcip Productipn Lauded Maxwell Anderson’s “High Tor” has been selected “the best play of the 1936-37 season” by the majority of tbe members of the New York Drama Ciufics Circle. Anderson was the outhor of the Playshop production “Both Your Houses.”
T l/" T1 1 • ^ . K. Farkison Named Editor Of Purdue Agriculturist 'Thomas K. Parkison, junior agriculture student and member of the Purdue Independent Association, yesterday afternoon was elected editor-in-chief of the Purdne Agriculturist, monthly farm magazine published by University students, to succeed his brother, R. H. Parkison, after the issuing of the May edition of the publication. C. I. Sheets, Alpha Gamma Rho, was named managing editor of the magazine for the school year of 1937-1938. L. H. Thie, P. I. A., was selected as business manager, while J. C. Dibble, P. I. A., was chosen as circulation manager. Parkison is a pledge to the Reamer Club, honorary for promotion of athletics and the fostering of campus traditions; of Alpha Zeta, agricultmral honorary; of Hoof and Horn, animal husbandry honorary; and he is also a Student Senator. Assistant Editors L. Kingsley, M. Myers, and E. E. Phillips were elected assistant editors of the Agriculturist, while K. E. Burbrink, R. Finley, R. B[. Harper, S. G. Peterson, and T. A. Weldon were selected as editorial assistants of the publication. On the business staff of the magazine, R. L. Hamilton, H. E. Nickey, and L. S. Robertson were named assistant business managers, and D. W. Glover, W. C. Fish,. J. W. Stephenson, and J. M. Williamson were elected assistant circulation managers. The following departmental editors were also chosen: agricultural chemistry, R. L. Henry; agricultmral education, !R. B. Davis; agricultural engineering, R. H. Chinn; agronomy, W. Meyer; animal husbandry, R. D. Wilson; dairy, R. J. Cooley; entomology, W. K. Delaplane, farm management, R.C. Zeigler; forestry, R. W. Rambo; horticulture, W. B. Fisher; home economics, Mary E. Wien; and poultry, H. Gates. Electoral Board 'The officers of the Agriculturist were elected by the electoral board consisting of Editor R. H. Parkison; L. O. Buxton, circulation manager; K. T. Caldwell, business manager; and the faculty advisory committee of Prof. J. H. McKee, of the English department; assistant Dean V. C. Freeman, of the school of agriculture; and Prof. E. C. Young, of the farm management department.
West Side High School To Get New Auditoiium West Lafayette high school officials, because of the present overcrowding in the school, are Tnaking plans for an additiqn. It will be a cominunity anditoriuni to provide (|uartqrs for the home econopucs and manual training departments. An estimated cost of $150,000 is set on the building. The building will face Fqwler avenue, standing to the west of, and conected to, the high school. Along with the school activities, it will also house community doings for the West Lafayette citizens.
LpcrI Stgmp CpDectofs^ Organiziiig New Oiih Interest in stamp collecting by University students, faculty, and Lafayette townspeople has promoted the organization of a stamp club. There will be an open meeting tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the Art Museum Building, corner of Main and Seventh streets. R. M, Nicholas, who is helping with the Club’s organization, states that anyone interested in stamps is invited to attend. There will be an election of temporary officers at the meeting.
Ram And Warmer By TMiKr IBIm BnHMiit Miiaa
%
itfc V.Mf'- ■
PtigeTwo
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, April 21,1.9§7
%\it $urbtte exponent
Pounded in 188S
Kntered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana Delivered to mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by a single copy, 2 cents.
Business Phone 5038
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
MEMBER
jtosoctated ^btlcsiatejjr^s
N*nSOH WISCOHSW REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAU ADVBRTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y, CHICAGO • BOSTON • SAN FRANCISCO Los ANGELES - PORTLAND - SEATTLE
Editor - Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF „ , . L. D. Wood ■ W. H. Fifield, S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
EWitor
WOMEN’S STAFF „ , JBelen Creech Assoctete Editors... Jeanne janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke Advertising Manager . - — Betty Barnett EDITORIAL BOARD OP CONTROL R. J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF ^ocSte^:iMf^.'.’“'.'.:E ArBarnSte,'j.’’ErBrock, A. H. Foster, R. P. Manion, C. H ^dler Sophomore Assistants W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J.R. Clark L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance E. H. Kellogg, K. E. O’Neil Bold and Black Editor —J- Ohavet
Business Manager National Advertising Manager— Local Advertising Manager Advertising Assistants — Circulation Manager Circulation Assistants
BUSINESS STAFF „ ^ , R. J. Hulse L. H. Brown D. C. Miller ”.ZW. J. Giiiilan, R. R. Hensler, M. C. Reeves .J. P. Girard F. C. Robbins, F. T.'Swain
Issue Editor—G. J. Tafel
How To Cure -?- Spring Fever Medical science, despite its many great and beneficial achievements, has thus far been baffled by that seasonal epidemic known as Spring Fever. This dreaded disease takes a heavy toll of students here on the Purdue campus each year. Having become impatient with medical research for its failure to date we of The Exponent have compounded a few simple prescriptions and remedies which we believe will alleviate a great deal of suffering among our fellow Spring Fever victims. Various type cases of the disease are analyzed below and remedies sugested. (1) Inability to study because balmy air wafts through an open window near study table. This is one of the simplest forms to cure . . . simply shut the window. If then you get too warm, take off some clothing. (2) Brilliant sunshine from a cloud-specked azure blue sky beckons the out-of-doors persons away from class to hike, fish, play golf, or tennis. Easily remedied by wearing dark glasses so that the day looks dark and stormy. Horse blinders (now almost extinct) are also effective but wearer must remember to look at the ground or the illusion will be lost. (3) Fragrant spring odors permeate the atmosphere and spread a sense of lazy satisfaction. Patient can be restored to normalcy from this lethargic state by deadening his olfactory sense. This can be accomplished by causing him to catch cold and lose his sense of smell. If he dislikes this remedy he can wear a clothespin on his nose even though it is a bit unbecoming. (4) Severe cases of the fever “Omplicatedcay Ingspray Everfay” as it is listed in the pig-latin dictionary, result from a combination of all the above cases. Its remedy is very complicated. Before we begin a discussion of the remedy, allow us to make a few observations. We feel, after compiling the above, that students don’t suffer from Spring Fever... their studies do. We also believe that the remedies sugested are, in most cases, much worse than the disease itself. If you succumb to Spring Fever your studies suffer ... if you follow our sugested remedies, you suffer. You must make your own choice. We made our choice... “ho,.. hum ... don’t think we’ll go to class today .. . looks like a pretty good day for a set of tenis . . . wonder if our racket is on good condition” ... —A. H. F.
Listen And Learn A University professor said not long ago, “I wish that I could teach in a school where no diplomas were awarded, no grades given, and no one was working with graduation as the sole ambition.” It is quite apparent that students in such an institution would be studying under ideal conditions, since they would be taking only courses they wanted and were interested in. Also they would not be haunijed by fear of low grades and “B” hour deficiencies. Most of the five thousand young people enrolled at Purdue are attending classes primarily to get an education that will prepare them for working years. However, not one out of a hundred would consider giving up his chances toward a diploma, even if he were allowed, in return, to schedule any course of study he desired. However this attitude is logical and justified by modem business practice. A diploma is essential in getting a good position, even more necessary than an intensive study of technical subjects. Perhaps that is because business executives realize that the universities try to give their graduates as broad an education as posisble. Time limitations force them to restrain students when devising plans of study, and prevent excessive branching out into elective fields. Nearly all students have discovered on the curriculum of the school some course which they would like to take if they had the time. Often actual class hours in these desirable courses could easoly be arranged, but the students realize that the additional study and preparatory work required of them would seriously affect the amount of work done on courses in the regular plan of study. At Purdue one solution to the problem is possible—^listener’s' cards. These are cards issued by the registrar which permit a student to attend class meetings in a subject not entered on his grade record. No grades or credit is given for work done in such a course, but usually if the student wishes, he is allowed to take regular tests and follow the same outline of work as the regular class members. Obviously the student will get from such a course only what he puts into it, but if he has a lively interest in the subject matter he will probably derive as mu£h benefit from his study as any regular student in the class. Listening card privileges have been advantageously utilized by numerous students. Since they are free, do not contract for any responsibilities, and make no demands on the student, it certainly seems that they are a good thing that the the large majority of Moilermakers have been missing out on. j —H. I S. I
PREPAREDNESS ... the Phi Belts had very novel favors for their Prom dinner last Friday night . . . Bromos for each fellow . . . and a gold fish swimming in a gobbler for eacb gal . . . PARTICULARLY JUMPY The men on the campus are all crocks They wind up like so many clocks. And then they rant and rave and tear, Until you want to tear your hair. Conceited, fickle, dumb, and sot; What a lot of crust they’ve got! There never lived such selfish prigs. In fact, they are a bunch of pigs! I WAS STOOD UP SATURDAY NIGHT ! ! ! —JEANNE HALLAM. SATURDAY NIGHT IN YE OLDE BLAZER^ GORDON IDDLES: “I’m sweet sixteen and never been kissed.” (It is really not hard to believe). / WAITRESS: “I get off at two; you need to be educated!” (Ed’s Note: The joke’s old but true . . . ) SIX OF THEM . . . mustered up courage enough . . . last Saturday . . . . 6 Alpha Xis who had gone to Indianapolis to attend some sort of tea . . . got there early ... so they took in the EMPRESS ... that name EMPRESS is the new-fangled title for the COLONIAL . . . WITH STUDY AS A MOTIVE .. a car has ben covering all the byroads, etc.... occupants “SLINKY” SCHLENDORF and TREVA BERRY . . . they must be studying nature . . bye the way, “SLINKY” swears up and down that he sits in the front seat and she sits in the rear one . .,. The following is an actual clipping from a Winamac, Ind., paper ... a new version of something old “DISAPPOINTED— Don Long claims to know a girl student at Purdue who was asked the traditional question, ‘Why did you come to college?’ She replied with unexpected candor, ‘I came to be went with—^but I ain’t yet’.” . . . I dish out one MARS PASS to DONALD BUCK and one to JOHN WHITSON ... their poetical genius inspires me to do thus .. the MARS PASSES will be at the Union Desk at noon today . . . WASTED WORDS Mr. “fielder’s . . . cherce” WALPOLE in his delicate column seems to be demanding some sort of “Befa defense” by yours truly . . . and what makes you think, Mr.. WALPOLE, that a Beta should stoop so low as to defend himself and his position to a lowly Phi Gam . . . TRUE There was a sorority girl Who lived in a stew. She’d broken so meny dates She didn’t know what to do. She was put on the spot And shot full of lead. n If we could revive her We’d burn her instead. —Jayhawker. SMALL—RENSLER, PHELPS Jean SMALL had one Sigma Nu pin and one Phi Kappa Sig pin Monday . . . REASONS ... the three went to the Chocolate Shoppe . . . Rensler nor Phelps could pay beer bill... SMALL came to the rescue, but demanded the pins as security . . . she wore them Monday .... they paid up Tuesday . . .
Freshmen at the University of Michigan have been granted the permission to live in fraternity houses during the second semester.
Can You Shoot Out This Figure “5” in3Shots With a 22 calibre rifle? Come in Today—Get Acquainted and Participate in this New Sport.
The “5" Spot 6un 212 N. 6th St.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—adding MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
Good Printing—Painless prices Past service. Near as your phone. Call 5206. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 South 29th street.
Lost—Chemistry of Enginering Materials and Twentieth Century Drama books. Reward. Call L. Holmes, 3465.
For Sale—9x12 rug, $6. Books and back number magazines, Ic to 5c each. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
Rent-A-Car—Drive it yourself— THAYER’S GARAGE, Main and South streets. West Side. Phone 61784.
NOTICES No notices accepted after 8 p. m.
Sophomore Union Worker*—All sophomore Union workers must turn in signed petitions to me by April 24. Blanks may be obtained in the Student Union Office. —SCHOLER.
W. A. A. Tennis—^The following games must be played by April 21: Christenson and DeWitt vs. Moore and Wilson, Reith and Alexander vs. Demoret and Decker, Rose and Conklin vs. Halstead and Smith, Jenkins and Mills vs. Mounce and Raebig, Merritt and Walker vs. Baker and Randall. —JENKINS.
Sophomore Union Workers—Petitions are available for sophomore Workers in the Union now. Please fill out and return to the Memorial Uniqn Building. —SCHOLER.
M. E. 31—Lecture on “Pulverized Fuel" will be given in E. E. lecture room on April 21, at 4 p. m. —STOEVER.
Alpha Phi Omega—^Meeting of all members and men receiving letters of invitation in room A of the Memorial Union Building April 21 at 7:30 p. m. —MEBRIAM.
Purdue Playshop—Meeting of all hoard members and committee chairmen at 4 o’clock April 21, in the Playshop office. —MILNE.
Women Tumblers—Will the following tumblers please report in the Women’s Gym at 4 p. m. if it is raining, or at 4:16 p. m. if it is not raining: Barbara Auld, Georgia Walker, Pat Clymer, Reba Harwood, Mary Feston, Jeanette Burton, and Ruth Angert. —COOK.
Ward Managers—^There will be meeting of all ward managers at 4 p. m. April 21 in M. L. Clevett’s office. Important. —CLEVETT.
Interfraternity Golf—All matches which were not played off Tuesday in the intofraternity golf tournament must be played off April 21. —CLEVETT.
Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council—^Meeting April 21, at 4:30 p. m. in room F of the Union. —JARRETT.
P. E. W. Horseback Riding—Following girls report to Women’s Gym, April 21, at following hours; 1:30—Ruth Wiley, Ruth Ezra, Helen landgrebe, Betty Brelsford, Ruth Wulfman, Betty Jo Sexton, Margaret Meredith. 2:30—Georgia Elliott, Marian Fraizer, Mary Holtman, Virginia Huffman, Marie Wetzel, Georgianna Huber, Virginia Beck. —HAZELTON.
Horticulture Club—Meeting April 21 at 7 p. m. in the horticulture building. Prof. J. A. McClintoek will be the speaker. —SHEETZ.
Purdue Plying Club—Meeting in room B of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30
ARC
—LAST DAY—
Myrna Loy and William Powell in “Libejed Lady” ■and—
—also— Cartoon
-LAST DAY-
Greta Garbo Robert Taylor in “Camille” —and— Ray Milland in “Bulldog Drummond Escapes”
STARTING TOMORROW Gene Autry in “The Old Corral” Walter McGrail in ‘Special Agent K-7”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“Always walking in his sleep—him,' with three cars.”
p. m., April 21.
—CONWAY.
W. A. A. B^eball—Games will be called at 4 p. m., April 21. Report at gymnasium before going to field. The games are: Kappa Kappa Gamma vs. Alpha Chi Omega; Ward 2 vs. Ward 8. —TOWNSEND.
Pi Tau Sigma—Baseball game April 23 at 4 p. m. between the faculty members and actives and pledges of the Pi Tau Sigma fraternity. —MORRISON.
Cadet Officers’ Luncheon Committee— Meeting April 21 at 4 p. m. in the cadet officer’s room of the Armory. —MURRAY.
Independent Staff—Short meeting April 21 at 7 p. m. —MEACHAM.
Co-ed Archery—^Intramural archery tournament will begin April 21. Chi Omega vs. Ward 1, Kappa Alpha Theta vs. Ward 2. All participants be on archery field by 4 o’clock. If unable to attend notify archery manager. —WARD.
Festival Day Dancers—Girls dancing in “Sweet Kate” \meet April 21 at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. —ELLIS.
WSGA Executive Board21 at 7:15 p. m.
-Meeting April -STEWART.
W. A. A. Orchesis Club—Important meeting April 21 at 7 p. m. —SULIOT.
Glider Club—Meeting in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building at 7:16 p. m. April 21. Bring correct change for orders of coveralls and keys with the Glider Club seal. —WILTSHIRE.
Egg and Chick Show Committee—^All of the committees will meet in the Poultry Building April 21 at 4 o’clock. —THIE.
Starting Tomorrow Lionel Barrymore in Family Affair”
LUMA
-LAST DAY—
^ Atfoiph Zukor firfMntt BARBARA STANWYCK JOEL McCREA
Internes CANT TAKE MONEY
with LLOYD NOLAN STANLEY RIDGES Starting Tomorrow Claire Trevor Michael Whalen in “Time Out for Romance” —And** Lew Ayers in ‘The Crime Nobody Saw”
Festival Day—Because of the great number of tests this week there will be no meeting of the entire cast as was scheduled for April 22. —PANGERMAN.
Alpha Zeta—Meeting April 21 at 7:30 p. m. in Agriculturist offic^e. —HARDIN.
Men’s Glee Club—^Meeting at 4 p. m. April
—STEWART.
21.
Student Alliance Executive Committee— Meeting in room B of the Memorial Union Building April 21 at 7 p. m. —BUCKLES.
Flu can’t even stop University of Minnesota students from wooing. Men in the isolation Ward serit the girls across the hall ice Cream cones in appreciative acknowledgement of a set of paper dolls.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Double Feature TODAY “Don’t Tell the Wife” with Guy Kibbee and Una Merkel
“God’s Country and the Woman” with George Brent
STARTS THURSDAY Meet Torchy ',Blane, a hard--boiled reporter I a soft-boil-ed heart...in
—AND— A Fighting Fool — Hard as Steel . . . But a sucker for a woman’s Smile!
GRANT WITHERS-BEATRICE ROBERTS RANNY WEERS’JUDITH AUENWm. NEjNEU IT’S FIRST RUN..i
\
Wed^sda£^AgilJ1^198^
THE PURDtJE EXPONENT
Lay Corner Stone'During Gala Week
Cornerstone ceremonies at the University’s new field house and men’s gymnasium, which.’will provide the Boilermakers with one of the most modern, complete, and unified athletic plants in the country, will provide one of the outstanding features during the annual Gala Week festivities which will attract hundreds of alumni to the campus the week-end of April 30-May 2. National, state, alumni, and University officials are expected to combine in making the cornerstone ceremonies, which will be held on Saturday afternoon, May 1, at 2 o’clock, an outstanding event. Made possible by a PWA grant, generous donations from alumni, and a bond issue, to be retired from athletic receipts, the new structure, which will cost nearly $716,000,' will provide ample facilities not only for intercollegiate teams, but for the development of the recreational and physical education program for the student body as a whole. The field house proper will provide seating accomodations for approximately 9,000 fans for basketball games in addition to containing an eight lap to the mile track and providing ample space for indoor athletic training. In addition to class rooms,, locker facilities, training rooms, and the ample space for all types of recreational and athletic training, the gymnasium will contain an Olympic size swimming pool.
Eight Men Selected For
Drake Relays
Coach ♦ Orval Martin announced today that he would take eight^e^ to Des Moines, la., Saturd^ to compete in the Drake Relays. This will be the first contest for the Boilermaker squad since their 70 to 61 vie-
Artist*s Sketch of Purdue*s Athletic Plant
The artist sketches in on a recent aerial photo of the Purdue University campus a view of the new field house and men’s gymnasium as it will appear when completed. The Ross-Ade stadium can be seen in the right foreground, while the new athletic field and baseball diamond is shown as it will appear adjoining the fieldhouse.
tory over the Butler University thinlies. Purdue’s entries^ in the special events will include Co-Captain Bob Williamson in the high jump and Bob Lemen, slim hurdler, who made an excellent showing in winning the low sticks from Butler in 24 seconds flat, in the 400 meter hurdles. The Boilermakers will go into ac-
tion in the medley relay on Friday and then will compete in the four mile and one-mile relays on Satur day. In the medley event, Charles Terhune will lead off with the quarter, Arthur Bodeau will handle the half-mile, Alden Knapp the threequarters, and Claude Moore the anchor mile. Donald Long will join Moore, Knapp and Bodeau in the
HEN WE IMPROVE QUALITY—that's fine. When we reduce cost— ' thaVs fine, too. When we do both—when we improve quality and reduce cost—then that's a bargain, and it's the best of all.
Transportation is a bargain today on our modem-minded r^oads, for it is vastly better than; it has ever been before, and its cost is less than at any other time in modem history. We of the Illinois Central System are proud of the present merchandising situation of the railroads, to which we have largely contributed.
You can travel fast, safely and in style today at 2 cents a mile and
less, with low-cost meals at your seats, free pillows, air-conditioning, courteous attention' to your needs —everything designed for your comfort and to please you.
A CONTEST • . .
Your freight will travd faster and better, too, and be handled in more convenient style—and still the average rate collected on all freight 'will be slightly less than 1 cent per ton' per mile, which is not quite fourfif&s of the 1921 average.
Four cash prizes, ranging from $100 to $25 and totaling $250, will be awarded student readers ol our advertisements in colleges and universities throughout the Middle West and South lor typewritten essays oi ^Irom 300 to 500 Words on "What I Like Best in Modern Railroadin^H* and Why." The closing date will be May 10, awards by June 1. Address me at Chicago for reference material and to submit your essays.
ILLINOIS CENTRAL SYSTEM
AN INDIANA RAILROAD
four-mile event, while Bodeau and Terhune will be teamed up with Bob Lemen and Stephen Luther in the one-mile competition. The squad will leave here Thursday morning and arrive at the scene of the relays late Thursday in order to have plenty of time to rest up for the action on Saturday.
WBAA
—TODAY— 11:00—^American Institutions, Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—^Farm Facts for Farm Folks, Glenn Sample. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Vocational Guidance. 12 :45—McDowell Trio. 1:00—Principles of Leadership. 1:46—Markets and Weather. 2:00—Cathedral Echoes, Mrs. Irwin Jackson. 2-:16—Booknotes from the Browsing .Room. 2:30—Merle Colby, pianist. 2:46—Mrs. Jean Pigman, soprano. 3 :00—^Principles of Speech. 3 ;60—March Time. 4:00—Lafayette P. T. A. Program. 4:1B—Twilight Musicale. 4:45—^Meditations.
ielder’s.... ....choice
Bob WalpoIe^MiB (Editor’s Note: B. D. Witwer, a sophomore on the sports staff is conducting the column today). —fc— It seems as though the real star of the track meet With Butler Monday wasn’t even given any special mention in the stories . . . Lemen, is the forgotten man ... He was high point man with 14 points by virtue of taking one first and two seconds and also had the best performance, according to track coach “Orv” Martin. Murphy carried off second hoonrs with 13 points. —fc— Martin also said that he was going to enter two other events in the Drake Relays in addition to the ones already on the schedule 4 . . Williamson will go in for the high jump and Lemen will do the 400 meter hurdles . , . —fc— Purdue’s Golden Glovers have been trying for years to get a boxing team here and this season they tried again . . . But in spjte of having the best prospects to date, they still don’t have enough available material to make it worth while ... —.fc— If the interest increases in this sport as it has in the last two year! a little bit more time ought to see plenty of sluggers out to give Purdue an official start in collegiate boxing competition... —^fc— Talking about interest, so far there hasn’t been much response to "Chief” Clevett’s plea for suggestions for events in the big outdoor carnival... Let’s dig up some ideas and try to make it good enough to be a permanent feature of our sport program...
If you can wiggle your ears, you have a little of the ape-man in you, says Prof. H. R. Hunt, of the zoology department, at Michigan State College. Pre-historic man had to wiggle his ears to sharpen his sense of hearing. Muscles employed in this action are a definite inheritance from him.
DiamondTe^ Plays First Home Game
Thwarted by the weatherman for the past ten days, Purdue's baseball squad is scheduled to swing into action again here, tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock against Wabash in the second game of the series with the Little Giants. The game will provide the final tuneup for the opening of the Big Ten schedule against the Maroons at Chicago on Saturday afternoon. Coach Dutch Fehring has indicated that either Bob Rosser, sturdy right-hander, or Co-Captain Lefty Martin would be the starting selection against the Little Giants. In the initial game of the series, a week ago Tuesday at Crawfordsville, Purdue was nosed out, 2-1. The squad has been devoting the bulk of its attention to improving its effectiveness at the plate since the Wabash game last week. Much of the blame for the defeat at the hands of the Little Giants has been attributed to the ineffective work of the squad at bat. During the contest 15 men were left stranded on bases. The intensive work on this weakness during the past week should show up in some concentrated hitting tomorrow when the squad presents itself for the first time on the home diamond.
BASEBALL
Diamond 1— Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 2— “Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 3— ^Triangle vs. Theta Chi. 4— Sigma Nu vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 5— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Delta Theta. 6— Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa Psi, 7— ^Delta Upsilon vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 8— ^Kappa Delta Rho vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 10—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Pi Kappa Phi.
WANTED
MAN, MUSTiBE NEAT APPEARING
Every hour of day, every day of year, someone is asking for "good man— must have neat appearance."
There must be a reason. And there is . . .
Any person is much more pleasant to see and commands much more respect if neat.
With man, appearance centers about the head • . . . and to look well groomed, the hair should be kept trimmed and the face shaven.
Men, we suggest the
let c^lia.
7
Now Six Barbers Downstairs
Dl IDm IE HwKI# vE A4EA40RIAL
UNION
C«fn«r of CanpiM'^ontor of AoHvily*piMg<iyMtt
THEPtJRBlIEJ'Eja&Ol^fi^Jt , .. V. ' i‘_ ....^WgdnegoiftgjiLg^
|ii
Page Editors—Jane Hall and Sally McKee.
Purdue Co-eds Receive Jobs Many home economics seniors majoring in nutrition and dietetics at the University have received appointments for hospital interneships for next year. Among the students who have already received appointments, and the hospitals to which they have been appointed are as follows: Margaret Carter, Indianapolis, Montefiore. New York City; Kathleen Cox, Wadesville, Indiana University Hospital, Indianapolis; Luvenia Bi’amblett, Lebanon, Grasslands Hospital, Valhalla, N. Y.; Lois Hixon. West Lafayette, Indiana University Hosiptal, Indianapolis; Zeda Jacobson, W. Lafayette, Michael Reese Hospital, Chicago; and Marjorie Marquis, Lafayette, Miami Valley Hospital, Dayton, 0.
Triton Club Elects 1937-38 Officers; Walker President Next year’s officers have been elected for the Triton Club, a W. A. A. organization. Georgia Walker was elected president; Margaret Mathes, vice-president; Saxon Shewalter, secretary; Nancy Phillips, treasurer. The new officers will begin plans for the Swimming Carnival to be held in a few weeks. Fancy dives, form swimming, and novelty races will be featured.
Roth Florist, Inc. Complete Floral Service. Serving Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955 — 8050
KEYS Keys for trunks, doer locks, desk locks, nisrht latches and padlocks. Anto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
Von Vechten Talks To Senior Women Miss Ann Von Vechten of the International Business Machine Corporation is interviewing 20 senior women during her brief visit on the campus this week. Yesterday she gave a group interview after which the individual conferences began. The intei’views will run throughout Wednesday, the final day of her visit.
Pageant To Feature Eight Folk Dances Eight Elizabethan folk dances will be featured in the Festival Day pageant. May 8, to be held on the Oval. Floy Crepps, Jean Small, and Marjory Smith are helping Helen Ellis of the women’s physical education department with the direction of the dances. Choruses of 18 will dance in the ‘Steps of the Country Lassies.” The old favorite, “Highland Fling,” will be by a chorus of 12. The Mummers’ Dance is a custom held over from seventeenth century Festival day celebrations. Eight co-eds will impersonate animals for this dance. The Herald dance concludes the list of pageant dances.
Sigma Nu
T
Sigma Nu fraternity announces the election of the following officers; eminent commander, W. F. Bailey, Alexandria; lieutenant commander, T. R. Wetherald, Buffalo, N. Y.; treasurer, R. M. Lemen, Bicknell; house manager, C. C. McDonald, Gary; recorder, M. E. Rieke, Auburn; chaplain, H. C. Schryver, Warren, O.; reporter, R. E. Insley, Indianapolis.
Alpha Lambda Delta Will Initiate 20 May 1 Active members of Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman scholastic honorary, will hold a breakfast for the pledges, Sunday morning. May 2, in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building. Before the breakfast the 20 new pledges will be initiated in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Election of officers of the honorary sorority for next year, will also be held at this time.
SUBSCRIBE rO THE PURDUE EXPONENT NOW*
Kappa Psi Kappa Psi, pharmacy honorary, announces the pledging of: J. W. Bolton, Decatur; J. E. Christian, Lafayette; R. L. Clark, W. Lafayette; C. C. Clifton, Covington; R. T. Erdman, Reyonlds; M. W. McKinney, Winslow; W. R. Netherton, Chalmers; P. A. Reznik, LaPorte; R. P. Schreiber, Tell City; E. S. Stanish, Bentleyville. Pa.; and W. L. Weiland, Crown Point.
The “Committee for the Preservation of Tradition at St. Mai’y’s U. proclaimed recently that shaves, haircuts, baths and any other similar marks of civilization would be outlawed during exam week.
Mortar Board Honors Distinguished Co-eds Twenty-six junior and senior girls with a distinguished rating were entertained by the Mortar Board at a “Smarty Supper,” Sunday evening, April 18, at 5 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Jean Adkins, president of Mortar Board, congratulated the girls on their accomplishments. Dean Dorothy C. Stratton in a talk challenged distinguished women students to pai'ticipate in activities. Piano music was furnished by Kathryn Merritt.
Committee Plans Pageant Attire Martha Ann Avery, Georganna Huber, and the Festival Day Costume Committee are executing Mary Tangerman’s designs for the costumes for the pageant. Scotch costumes for the Highland Fling will be Scotch plaid kilts and hats with brown coats. The Irish dancers will be dressed in a green dress with white aprons. Cats, dogs—all kinds of animal costumed girls will cavort in the “Mummers” dance. The 10 heralds will be dressed in blousy purple waists with hip ‘length red tights. While the country lassies will be dressed in red, green, or orange skirts, white blouses, and printed kerchiefs for headdresses, eight shepherdesses will step merrily in pink, tightly bodiced dresses trimmed in lace with the large puffed sleeves.
Dr. McHale, Only Woman Trustee, Tells Reporter About A. A, U. W. Activities
By E. C. Pyke While Dr. Kathryn McHale, the new woman trustee of the University, was meeting and interviewing faculty members all day yesterday, she allowed an Exponent reporter a few minutes in conversation. The question, “How often are you in your native state with your headquarters in Washington, D« C. ?” was asked the new trustee as she sank into a comfortable chair in the dean of women’s office. “In the summer I live in Logansport, where my parents reside. From Washington, D. C., I oversee the 754 groups which make one branch of the American Association of University Women. We, in the United States, are one of 36 similar branches, which are located all over the world,” said the visitor. 55,000 Members The vastness of the organization, of which Dr. McHale is general director, struejj the reporter more forcibly when she said there were 55,000 members in the university women’s organization. United States claims the most women, while Canada and the British Isles follow closely. “Where in Washington, D. C., do you work? The nation’s capital seems such an exciting place,” the reporter queried. “Two blocks from the White House in the old Russian Embassy we are located. It is a beautiful place,” answered the distinguished educator. As the New England group of
A. A. U. W. has named a scholarship fund after Mary Emma Woolley, former president of Mount Holyoke College for Women; so has the Indiana group named a similar fund after Kathryn McHale. Hurries Away Then Dr. O’Shea, women’s personnel director, walked into the office to claim the busy trustee. The reporter thanked her for her time and watched the energetic figure clothed in a dark blue silk dress and wearing a blue straw hat, hurry to other interviews. Considering her many connections with education for women and her position as part-time professor of Goucher College, a women’s school in Baltimore, Md., Dr. McHale appeared to be in excellent and suitable person to fill the position as the only woman on the Purdue board of trustees.
Skiing is the most “body-bruis-ing” sport at Harvard University. In the annual report of the Hygiene Department it was found that skiiers suffered the most injuries. The footb^ill men had no serious injuries.
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. BISK . DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 6701
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Grey Iron Castings McGrath Machine & Foundry South Third Street
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
AU these lamps hear the approval tag of the ^ IttaminoHng Eni^neering Socieh> Look forth
WE HAVE SOLD MANY GENUI]N[E 1. E. S. LAMPS H. G. (Deac) REISNER