^ I ‘ “■ , - . ’i ^ ‘ r '■'^ ,» J ^ ‘
r ' , ’* ^1 11' < fr-f '''''i, \ V'» .. V ' f '' ./;• ", v’ ’ t « ^ ^ ."a/ . fj’i: M"^
if
i>
V ^ ?') t"^
toOTBALL ANNUAL Declai’es Riveter Team Stronger
Etta|>li$hed 18&9
^fpOHent V Ruin The Ruhr
' i r iff./
piimHAufm Colii^n Describes Albert Stewart
Vdlume 54, No. 44
West Laf^yetle^ Ihctiana
WednOsd^, August 1$, f$42
t|i^^j'fifj^iij^rir[ lift ■l•|l‘^>|^jlll/»r*.l■.^
Forty Coeds
ii’ic ■'?r, :'‘^ ^f// lake
UnionJnntwices
N0W Draft Ruling Enlistees Prohibited From Joining After Receiving Call For Induction Last minute enlistees will be put on the spot, beginning to-
morrow, when a new rule goes into effect prohibiting applica- fourth contingent of the experi-
(!^rse
'6Ktin#a 1>i#s' Take’ Liberal Arts Course Approximately forty girls will enter the Universily this fall as the
To-Starf ReeeiVmg Texts August 31
Plans for conducting the Student Book Exchange, nonprofit service offered by the Student Union at the beginning of each semester, were
recommendations and personal in- announced lUst night by the terviews; and the girls admitted to Exchange Board^The date have been outstanding in their , high school work. Ej^change will be open from Due to the difficulty of travel this September 2 to 9, and will be-
summer the remaining prospective
Youth Leadership School
mental group of th? Science School headed by Prof. Dorothy A. Bovee. These girls have been selected on the basis of college aptitude tests,
tions for commissions after the call to induction has been made. A release from the offidi8^^.Axen, Lewis B. Hershey,
director of Selective Service, follows:
No Deferment for Recruiting—^Registrants applying for a commission or for enlistment in the armed forces have heretofore been considered for deferment or postponement of induction ■ pending final action on their application. That procedure is discontinued. Hereafter, registrants otherwise avail-
able for military service shall not be considered for deferment members will not be interviewed un- receiving .books on AU'
or postponement of induction by reason of having made ap- til their arrival at the University, gust 81. plication for a commission or for enlistment. number of students m the spe- , Deferments and Postponements Previously Granted- cial science course-is limited to forty , 1 - , 1 , , 1 m previous years to make posWhere such deferments or postponements have been granted gjjjjg individual attention. ^ before August 20,1942, they shall be continued f^r the period cultural Values Emphasized for which granted even though the peri(^d of such deferments Tj,g “guinea pigs,” as they term or postponements may extend beyond that date. themselves, study courses in liberal Notice of Entry Into Service—The Army, Navy, Marine science —that is, a broad general Corps, and Coast Guard have been requested, whenever a reg- education with more emphasis on
istrant is commissioned or enlisted by.them, immediately to ^ regular
liberal arts course. The special sci-
The Exchange will be open from 10 a. m, to 5 p. m. daily in the South Ballroom. Owners of books will not be permitted to charge more than 76 percent of the original purchase price during the
sale. '
Following the sale, all money and unsold books must be claimfed before noon, September 12, according
notify the registrant’s local board. uuce courses emphasize cultural Board of Control. Anyone Reclassification After Enlistment—The notice of enlistment values and social implications. Sur- failing to comply will automatically of commissioning received from the Navy, Marine Corps, or vey courses m mathematics, history forfeit his right to the money or Coast Guard, and the notice receive dfrom the Army (portion and physics are taught the fiesh- books. Leftover books will be sold
Playshop Wjll Hold Callouts Hold fittet^yiews September 4-5 Playshop will hold its annual fall semester tryouts in Fewler Hall beginning the first week in September for all students interested in becoming members of the cast or crews of the coming fall productions. The meetings will be held from I'hursday to Saturday inclusive to allow sufficient timfe to try out all persons who attend. On Thursday, September 3, theie will be meetings at both 4 and 7 p. m.; while Friday and Saturday, September 4 and 6 the tryouts will start at 4 arid 1 p. m. respectively. Productions The plays to be cast include
Conference^ Closes Friday; . Over 150 Atterid Sessions Hassil E. Schenck, president of the Indiana Farm Bureail, was the principal speaker at the closing sessions of the second day’s program of the fifth annual leadership training school for Indiana Rural Youth sponsored by the University 4-H Club department in cooperation with the Indiana Farm
Bureau.
In his talk entitled “The Job Aheaid” Schenck quoted his tory to prove that great empires have risen through conquest ."I .i'-'■■■; I and have fallen because of the
methods in which they gained their power. He stressed the point that the United States has risen to the rank of a world power not by conquest, but by purchases and peaceful set-
tlement of disputes.
“It is your job to do the work
that we failed to do after the last war,” he said. “You are living in the greatest nation and the great-
est power in all the world.” In closing Schenck quoted Daniel
Fraternity Affairs 3 1 i , , ^ ^ J ^
Office To Have Rush
Desk In Union
Names of freshpien who wish to join fraternities may be had on business reply cards^ at the fraternity affairs office. The office urges all fraternity rush chairmen to get
V-.Ucti5l. VJUctlU, ttllU I/Zltj IIULILC ItJCUlVt! UilUIll bllU AIIIIY I UUI UUll ° ij., “riniiflin ” hp o-ivpn in Opfnhpr 41 m inA\ L. 11 4. • 41 4- 1-1 41 man year, and chemistry and biol- on the wholesale book market, and Diaudia, to be given in Uctooer, of Form 190), shall constitute information upon which the „ .v,. lemamin^ funds w,ll he added to thn and “Watch on the Rhine,” to be
these cards, which also indtide the Webster to the effect that here in campus activities df the rushees America God makes men. He
. . .1.1. ,. .. ogy the sophomore year. Duiing the lemaining funds will be added to the local board will reclassify a registrant who is enlisted or com- flnal two years students take spe- Book Exchange Fund,
missioned in the armed forces in Class 1-C, under section
622.16 (b), Selective Service' Regulations.
Notice Received After Order to Report for Induction— When a registrant has been commissioned or enlisted in the armed forces and notice of his entry has been received by the
local board after the Order to Report for Induction (Form Wayne, who will complete the
cialized training in the vocational All Students Eligible for Work
fields they have chosen.
Most of the members of the first at the Exchange. Those interested group to entei the course will grad- should contact Bill Hiller or Mary uate in December or in May. The r. Gee in the Student Union Office,
first girl to giaduate is Faith
and “Watch on the Rhine,” to be presented in December. “Claudia” is a comedy on married life, and “Watch on the Rhine” is a melo-
^1. diama about the Gestapo.
Students who arc interested in helping on the stage ciews should
passed this quotation on to the assembled rural youth in the form of challenge and urged the group to think over and learn to appre-
ciate this challenge.
Others appearing on the program at the evening session included Mrs. Russell flushman, sixth dis-
The Exchange Board will consist
160) has been mailed to such registrant, the local board shall course in seven semesteis. During Hudsra ^sTcretai^y and'^c^shi’em H list his name on Delivery List (Form 161), and shall make her school career Faith has received Katterjohn, publicity manager-
notation in column 3 of Form 161 that he has been commis- ^ mints license, and taken
sioned or enlisted, stating the component of the armed forces which he has entered. In such cases the local board shall not order another registrant to take his place and he shall be counted in the filling of the call upon the local board.
LEWIS B. HERSHEY, Director.
private pilot’s license, and taken part in radio work and intercollegiate debate. She will be married upon graduation this month and has
Ruth Flier and Ted Chapman, book receiving managers; Betty Hutchins and Dottie Weber, book selling
, , ,, ,, , manageis; Marion Sieglcr and V. accepted a position with the Hainil- McDonald, records; and Jim
ton Propeller Company in Hartford,
Conn. ^
named.
The fratbrpity atrairs office will set up a registration desk in the Great Hall of the Union during registration week, and all freshmen who wish to be rushed by fraterhities should register at that desk between Friday and Monday of regis-
also come to these meetings. Make- tration week. Rush chairmen who trict social and educational leader, up, lights, sound effects, costumes, want freshman names may get them and Edmond C. Foust, editor of the stage properties, publicity and car- fiom that desk. “Hoosier Parmer”, who acted as pentiy are crews for which students rpjjg PAD urges all fraternities to chairman for the meeting, may apply for. cooperate in this registratioh. One Students Repeat Play
thousand five hundred copies of thu Following the evening session in rush booklet have been sent out, and FoWler-Hall^ a one-act play, “It
Happened Here”, written by Car-
Special Commitlee Optlines Definition Of 'Good Standing'
Group Includes Activities Heads Marjorie Bollman, who giaduates in December, will take a job with
(See SCIENCE, page 4)
of equipment.
Reed Will Speak
To Soybean Group Requests For Rides September 16,17 Exceed Car Offers
“In good standing” has been defined in the following way by a special committee named at the meeting of the executive committee Mon-
day:
“A student is to be considered in good standing if he is not on pioba
Dean H. J. Reed, of the School of Agriculture, and Prof. C. W. Carrick, of the poultiy husbandly department, will be among the featuied speakers at the 22nd annual convention of the American Soybean Association, which will be held
tion according to the lecord in the the University September 16 and
Registrar’s Office. By probation is 17.
understood either scholastic proba- With the theme of the convention open from 4 to 5.30 p. n^ tion undei the faculty rules or spe- huilt around the uses of soybean^ tomoirow for the purcial probation authoiized by the fac- in wartime economy. Dean Reed wjl registering
ulty because of disciplinal-y action.”
So far 43 students have registered with the Union Travel Bureau for rides home, while only 8 have registered th^ir cars. The bureau, w'fiicfi IS located, at the south entrance to the South Ballroom m the Union,
students who
discuss research being conducted
, . ... j j nere regarding the use of soybean room in their cars.
Ihis decision was made in order ^ supplement. Con- ^^des have been aito supply ihformation requested by ranged by the bureau, but there aie the branches of the armed foices. meeting at which this several other possibilities. Students Registrar Ralph B.(^Stone was similar topics will be discussed, should call at the bureau desk for
chairman ot the committee, which ^nd on Monday, conferees will be Placement.
was made up of A. A. Potter, dean escorted on a tiip through the Uni- >
of the Schools of Engmeeiing; V. C. versity’s experipiental fields. Freeman, associate dean of Agricul- ^ ^ m t, , i-
Meeting^ Qpen To Public
All soybean producers, handlers and processors have been invited to attend and participte in the discussions; and all sessions will be open to the public, according to Association Secretaiy Geoige M. Stiayer. One purpose of the meeting ,will be to discuss problems of developing gi eater hat vesting, storing, and processing facilities to
ture; and H. E. Wilkening, assistant
dean of men.
Army |Promotes Three
Lieutenants Here
Penalty Days By actiofi of the Executive Committee, August 21 and 22 are penalty days and any student who is absent from classes on either of these days is subject to a fine of $5.00 for each day missed. Excuses for absence cannot be granted on either of these two days but any student who anticipates absence and feels that he has a legitimate reason for, asking relief from the penalty fee may put such request in writing and mail to the Dean of Men’s Office. These letters will be read between terms and if the reason given for absence is not acceptable, a penalty fee notice will be sent. Please do not come to the Dean of Men as it will be impossible to grant personal interviews on this matter. F. I. Goldsmith, Dean ot Men
Zouaves Initiate Twenty Three Men; Lt. Pollack Speaks
Purdue Order of Zouaves, military dull team, initiated 23 new membeis into the organiaztion last Sunday night. Following the foimal initiation, Lt. A. J. Pollack, stationed at the Naval Electrical Engi-
neeiing School here, spoke.
additional names supplied by the dean of men’s office may be had.
Charles Taylor, senior member of with two years of basic ROTC trainthe squad, acted as toastmastev- mg are eligible to enter the new The welcoming speech to the new officer training schbol for the Quarinitiates was given by A1 Jackson, termaster Corps of the Army which captain of the squad, and C. V. has just been established at StanDraft replied. Col D. N. Beere, ford University by,the War Depart-
P. M. S. and T., also addiesscd the ment.
gioup. The following men were initiated: H. B. Beach, L. A. Bookwalter, W. F. Biadt, H. Button, R. Booth, G. H. Christena, G. A. Fielden, C. V. Graft, G. Graham, W. Gommel, R. K. Haiiison, D. M. Hoffman, J. L. Liland, 0. J. Meyei, C. Ortstadt, R. C. Phillipp, E. R. Pierce, J. A. Pitts, P. M. Prass, W. Simpson, J. W. Sims, E. Stephenson and M. A. Tuttle.
olyn Wood, a University student, and produced by one of the Universities speech classes under the direction of Prof. Kenn Carmichael, wa^ presented for the benefit of the Rural Youth group. The play was originally, .designed as a morale
builder.'
Elmer Gard, Lake County; Evelyn Long, Marion County, and Bob Overpeck, Parke County, were the principal speakers at yesterday
Purdue University general session devoted
to the topic “Planning for 1943”.
NeliV Leaders Needed
The introductory speakers emphasized the necessity of locating new leaders to fill vacancies caused by cklls to service and war industries. It was also pointed out that alternate should, be made to fall back on in case of emergency. Following the general session, the
Quartermaster Corps
At Stanford Offers Officer Training
Stanford University, Calif. (Spe cial to the Purdue Exponent)
Graduates of
The program will be carried out as a part of the Graduate School of Business and is the only Quarter
master Corps unit on the Pacific ^Plit up into eight sections coast offering the officer training on » continuation of discussion un-
the graduate level. Scheduled to begin on September 28, the pro^am will be an extension of Stanford’s
advanced ROTC unit.
Awarded Degreq, Commission Upon completion of the six-quar-
(See MILITARY, page 2)
Two Of Nation's Bkt Fighter Planes Disturb Classes With Low Altitude Maneuvers
By Salty Saxton
As some of us weie walking to day for Great Britain under tjie our 1 o’clocks last Monday, we had name of Douglas “Boston?”, and lethe chance (whethei we knew it cently they have been flowA undei
handle this year’s fifty peicent in- then oi not) to see two of our best the Stars a d Stripes in Egypt and crease in soybean acreage. fighter planes—a bombei and a ovei the continent. M. L. Wilson To Speak pursuit—zooming and rokring over Resembles B-28
Conference speakers will include the University Aiiport and Latay-
M. L. Wilson, ch^iman of the Na- ette.
Captains Johnson ana Buikhait Advisoiy Committee on Nu- The fiist plane to go over at an
'Pi emotion of First Lieutenants Beinaid F. Johnson, Harold F. Anti im and James R. Burkhart to Captains in the Field Artilleiy, United States Aimy, has been announced
by the War Depaitment.
have been members of the Univeibity militaiy depaitment staff since Jujy, 1940, and Captain Antrim bince September, 1940. Captain Johnson and Captain Buikhart graduated fiom the University in 1937 and Captain Antrim is a 1939
graduate.
Omicron Nu
... home economics honorary, initiated the following people at a buf-
trition, whose subject will bo “the Place of Soybeans in Advancing
altitude somewhere aiouiid 1,000 feet was the latest in Douglas two-
Many obseiveis misto0(c the Douglas A 20-A for a Martip B-26 medium boifibev, a plane like that which was seen flying over the
the landing gear of the smaller at the airport. Spectators stood plane as it came down and settled around as it took off again and on our airport. The landing speed climbed close to a mile in an araazis well over 100 miles per hour, ingly short time of one and one-half which means that the University minutes, a cliinb which can be outAiipoit would be just about as short done by some of our interceptor
as one could be to receive such a planes.
fa§t landing plane. Plane Beats Sound Waves Soon aftei the Douglas attack The P-39 banked at right angles bombei flew away, one of the fast- and climbed high, bairel-i oiled, and
der the leadership of rural youth
members.
Yesterday was Farm Bureau Day and tha aftemoop program was highlighted by the appearance of I. H. Hull, general manager, and Larry Brandon, secretary of the or-
ganization,, on the program.
Farm. Migrati<m Brings Problem In this tplk “Advancement of Rural Culture”,. Hull stressed the importance and-possible effects of the mig^tiop of farm labor to the city. He, suggested possible solutions to. the problem and cited the Agriculture of Denmark, before the war,
as an example to follow.
“formerly we thought that culture was the result of economic
(See YOUTH, page 4) Screen Review
To, Qive Pointers
On Vacatiohirii^
Screen Review tomoirow at the
1101 th part of West Lafayette Sqn- est and most deadly pursuit ships, a made a final dive at the ahpoit at
World Nutrition ; C. C. Farrington, motoied, light bombeis ol attack day afternoon. The main difference Bell Aircobra or P-39, zoomed over such a tremendous speed that the regular movie convo in the Music president of the Commodity Ciedit planes, known as the Douglas A between thtse two planes is that the city at an altitude close to a sound went by after the plane was Hall wifi give pointers pn how to Corporation, Washington, D. C., 20-A s among aiimen. Theie was the fuselage for the A 20-A is long- mile. Suddenly it idled over on its well on its way back up into the spend the coming holiday with a. whp will discuss the government’s probably a ciew of five in this plane er and slimmei than the body of the back, and the pilot dove it almost stratosphere. mqvie titled “How to Take a Vaca-
soybean purchase program; A. A. Levinson, geneial sales manager of the Glidon Company, Chicago; Colonel Rohland A. Isker, U. S. Army Subsistence Research Laboratoiy, Chicago; Louise Stanley, chief of the Bureau of Home Eco-
as it clipped the tieetops at a speed Mai tin B-26, which resembles a fat, spniGwlrere between 200 and 350 perfectly rounded cigar or toipedo. miles per hour. Both tails on both planes have Higher Than Air Raid Altitude single fins, and both planes have The height at which this plane motois slung beneath the wings, flew ovei Lafayette would probably This is the leason for the aii plane be a little highei than the height spotter’s mistakes in the identifica-
fet dinner Saturday at the home of iiomics, U. S. Depaitment of Agri- its brotheis flew duiing the first tion between the two planes.
Maiy L. Matthews, dean ot Home Economics: Carolyn MsCiaiy, Roheita Siudebaker, Mary Katherine Virtue Topp, Kathryn Bertsch and Geneva Heath. .
culture; and A. M. Dickson and British air raids over German occu- Landing Speed 100 MPH Donald S. Payne, Oilseeds Branch pied Fiance, bombing and strafing If the “Douglas” would have of the Livestock Section of the Ag- trains, gun positiions and German landed at the airport, the tricycle lichjtural Marketing Association operated factories. landing gear would have unfolded Administration. These planes are fighting every in much the same manner as did
straight down at the University
Airport.
Exhibition Flying
He pulled the plane out of its dive somewhere near to 200 feet as the little plane went into a vertical “zoom” in a coik-sciew manner, climbing up, up, and on up until it looked as if it was going to stall
This exhibition proved that Unit- tion”, which will bb presented at ed States planes really have the 3:39 aad 4:58. Following this will power, speed, and maneuverability be “Quiz Kids Number 1” at 3:49
that is needed in battle. There is a and 6:08.
37 mm. cannon in the “Aircobra”, “Stroke of Twelve” will he .pre-* as well as many heavy calibre ma- sented at 3:59 and 5:18; “Gateway chine guns. The 1160 h. p. Allieon to Asia” will open the program al liquid Cooled motor is placed be- 3 o’clock and i;e-«q^pear' at 4:19 and hind the cockpit. Bell “Aircobras” 5:38. “F^ing Heara,” may be seen
with the motor roaring and whin- are serving on all fronts in both thft at 3:10i, 4:39 and 6:^ ing. United States Ak Force and RAF, A news reel will be shovrn at 3:89 Soon the ship’s tricycle landing as are the Douglas A 20-A’s and and 4:39, and “Men off West Point'* gear unfolded, and the P-39 landed Maftin B-26’s. at 3:89 and 4:48,th
m
Exj^rMntEditofUd Page
Wednes^&yf August 19;
Purdue Exponent
Officer: Editorial and Businen, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports; Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor-in-Cliicf \cws Editor MannpinK Editor SpnrxS Editor Itusinrss Mana^ror I'irculativ.n Manaircr:. Coed Editor
...John F. Amos Don T. Brophr ..John H. Armotroha Robert L. Hadley William D. MlUard Ken K. Gjemro ..Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editorial Staff: R. W. Boswinkle, U. E. Bute. W. G. Hoskins, A. P. Hunter, U. W. Ochiltree, W. E. Rafert. Sports Staff: D. E. Brewer, J. S. DaWson, E. L. Karpick. toed Staff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer.
Business Staff
Cued Business Manager: Julia Martin. Advertising Managers: J.' M. Wright, D. I,. Johnson* Cirenlation Manager: G. H. Klouman. -teenunts Manager: Trena Torrenga. Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
Night Editor: Ochiltree
Day Editor: Beall
Staff For This Issue Sports Editor: Dawson Issue Editor: Abbott
Reporters: Miller, Jordan.
Enlercd as second cla.ss matter at the post office in Lafayrlto, lndi:tna. under the act of Congress of March 8. 1879, and at i!u spcci:il rate of postage provided for in section 1103, .net I)f Octoher 3, 1917, authorised January 20. 1922. Published o:! \V( dm sdav, Friday and Sunday mornings during the sumnn r .semester and daily except Monday during the fall and winter simc.strrs. Delivered locally by carrier tor $1,2B for summer n mester : mailed subscription $1.6^. Ileiire.sentcd for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. ■
‘Hands Off ’ In India
Our military forces in India have been directed to maintain a “hands'off” policy in connection with the disturbances started by Gandhi. It would please the Axis leaders to have us involved in what is a local affair. They would be glad to see us busy trying to keep order, and in so doing incur the enmity of many, native factions. Our military men in India are there largely in connection with the air service ferrying supplies to China and in attacks on the Japanese in Burma. We have •given the Chinese assurance that the disorders in India will have no bearing, on the movement of supplies to them. That is a very important se^wdee at this time and should not be interrupted. We are fighting the Axis powers and will center our attentions oh them. If Japan were to attack India we would help to defend that part of the world against invasion. That mfght involve us in the fight of the trouble makers in India, but our quarrel with them would be only incidental. • It is unfortunate that Gandhi and his followers have made trouble at this time. They undoubtedly have been egged on by the Axis agents. Gandhi knows disorders now play into the hands of Germany and Japan, and that he is doing as they woud have him do. The situation should not be misunderstood in this.country. He heads a group with the highsounding title of Congress party which many ,are deceived into thinking represents all India fighting for independence. It speaks for a small element of the people and is very generally opposed by tens of millions in India.— Indianapolis Star.
George Bell ... who was captain and center of the 1936 Boilermaker eleven, recently spent a week end here visiting Jji*; .sister Gloria. Bell has been granted a leave .orab.scncc a.s assistant manager of Butler Brothers, iron ore producers at Cleveland, Ohio, in order to accept a commission as Lieutenant, Junior Grade, in the Navy. He is scheduled to report for training at J Fort .Schuyler, Bronx, New York, on August 20. G. H. Trabucco . . . of Wappingers Falls, New York, who was enrolled in the Science School for two years, was recently accepted by the U. S. Army Air Corps. Frederick Grumme . . . who graduated from the University in 1937, wa.s ! ecently selected for training as a Naval Aviation Cadet. During, the six months prior to his en- ^ li.stment, he was employed as automotive instructor , for the Motor Transport Section of the Army Quar- ! -tcrmastci' Corps.
By Alberta Sehmadel “Either sing pi' get out!” storms A. P., “We're hot having a tea party. If you want to gossip, go to the Sweet Shop.” After a verbal spanking such as this, Stewart finds little difficulty in coordinating two hundred voices in the University Choir. He also realizes that psychologically it is time to pat the singers on the back. So, with a word of good humored encouragement, he spurs them on and everyone is happy. West Lafayette Product - Hard as it is for members of the Musical Organizations to realize, A1 hasn’t always been a chair director. He started life as the son of a Methodist preacher. His kindergarten .,grade school, and high career was humdrum, colored only by the small boy escapades with which A1 often terrorized the West Lafayette neighborhood. After a fitful college career on the DePauw and Purdue campuses, he acquired a position in an insurance company. When asked to give his impressions of this job, he informed the reporter that his remarks could hardly be printed. Sells Music To Trustees When the insurance job could no longer be endured, A1 decided it was about time to rescue Purdue from its lack of choral groups. He told the Board of Trustees his idea of organizing a musical group on the campus. The Board, not willing to give its support to an unknown man and seriously doubting the advisability of choral training in a technical school, debated a long while. Finally they decided to let A1 organize the group but set aside no funds for his salary. The students were enthusiastic about the chance to sing in a well directed choir. During the first months, the student singers had to meet in private homes. After convincing an executive of its worth the Musical Organization was given permanent headquarters on the top floor of University Hall. The entire eighty members, overjoyed at their luck, pitched in and took turns scraping the dirt off the floors and woodwork, varni^ing, and scouting for furniture to make the place presentable. m ^ • Music Hall Needs Ajfpreciation “How can you people in the Musical Organizations take the Music Hall for granted?” A1 often asks. “If you could have seen where we started and compare it with what we now have, you’d sit for hours ashd look at this place, marveling at your good fortune.” During “guzz” sessions in the small Musical Organization’s office, A1 is a one-man show. He mimics, tells. jokes, plays pranks, sings—in fact, does anything that comes to his mind. One time he even gave his repertoire of sneezes and made a record of them on tfie recorder which he keeps in the office. “Young As the Students” His ability to do modern interpretations or, if you will, jive versions of negro spirituals can be traced back to his college days, when he directed a dance band. This trait, which is shown in his clinging to youthful ideas and being as young as the students, is one of the many reasons for his success. Smoking and gambling are his only vices. A huge black cigar is seldom missing from his left hand breast pocket or the side of his rather generous mouth, and a slot machine never escapes his attention or fails to receive a few of his nickels. It is when the pin-pushing activities are highest on the campus and the slot machines are the most generous that A- P.’s disposition is the most benign. All In the Day's Work It is not to be assumed from this somewhat frivolous account that Mr. Stewart enjoys an easy career. His work involves long hours of nerve racking effort. HandjLing Purdue musical activities, which include Concert Choir and Glee Club singing engagements, religious convocations, in which he directs the University Choir, to say nothing of the fact that his office is a booking agency for entertainments throughout the state, woujd be enragh for any ordinai’y man. He, however, has manV other offices and functions in music throughout the^puntry. One such activity is his organization of themppecanoe County Home Economics Chorus, the firsi of its kind. This type of chorus has greatly influ^ced rural culture and recently reached national^roportions in the sanction of the “First Lady of the Land”, who, in a letter to Mr. Stewart this spring wrote: “I have been greatly interested in the Home Economics Chorus project. In these times, musi> plays an important role in the building o# morale and I wish it were possible for similar projects to be initiated in all our forty-eight states.”
^ . Home Ec l^eWs^
Publishes
To Interpret New Fall Rushing Rules
Frosh Edition
Regular edition of the Purdue Home Econoihica News haS been isr
Last week the Pan-Hellenic Copn- g^ed for the benefit of the incoming cil held a meeting to determine the freshman women. This publication ■interpretations of the newly set up is put out at the beginning, of ..each rushing rules. Under the present year to aid the freshman womeh analysis of the rules, there will be entering the Home fccon.onii'ca
no rushing of town or freshman girls allowed for the period of supimer vacation beginning next Saturday and ending August 29 when the formal rushing period actually com-
School in deciding on their cUrrlcU'^ lum for the year; ■ This publication begins by listing the opportunities, in hpme econpifiics and the suppl’emental' cbtirses
mences. This is contradictory to available. It then continues with common belief concerning rule 16 of plans of study and in general A the regulations sent out recently by g^^rt summing up of the Home Eep-
the Council. nqmics School. , Format rushing activities by the fetter from Dean MatthewS,
sororities will begin Sunday, August in the front of the booklet, states 30, with general “get acquainted” that at the present there iS a’ great parties from 7 to 9 in the evening, need for women TYith training ih th^
Similar events are scheduled for home economics field. She says that
Monday night.
Preference Dinner Friday Wednesday and Thursdaj' evenings are set aside for invitational dessert parties, to be given from 7:30 to 9:30. Climaxing tbe rushing period preference dinners will' be given at the eight houses Friday evening, September 4, from 6 to 8:30. Pledging may take place any
this field' offers ample opportUttity for those women who are ^Idokipg for some way to help their countrji’.'
Tanigawa Takes Over Cosmopolitan Club
‘American people so ungrateful! And after all We taught them Saturday noon, Septem-
I . about flower arrangements, too!”
Lfiiiversity Calendar . Wednesday, August 19
Alumnae members from sororities not represented by active chapters on this campus will act as supervisors for the rushees and sorority houses. Their headquarters will be in the Pan-Hellenic office in the
Union Building. 3.6 Index Required
Rush this fall will be open to
Elected to succeed Francis LPu as president of the Cosmopolitan Club, Fred Tanigawa, senior in Electrical Engineering, will take over his new duties at the first regular club meeting of next semester on September 11. Other officer's elected were Johnny Yueh, vicepresident; Joy Wampler, secretary; Pat Siu, treasurer Mary Prantes Doty, member-at-large and Harrison Miller, sergeant-at-arms. The\ new officers have already
' ' Leadership Training School for
Ind. Rural Youth'...... ..Memorial Union Building freshmen who entered the Univer-
5:00:P.M,; Eta,Kappa Nu Initiation r Room 307, Union sity iiV May, upperclassmen and , , 6'Oo'p^ V iEta^Kappa Nu Banquet. ......Old Chestnut Rim, Union transfer students who have a 3.6 made plans for next semester s ac7:00 P.M. First Aid Meeting :.... Room 305, Union scholastic index. ti'’ities, and the earliest scheduled Glpistian Fellowship Meeting..........Room 307, Union The Pan-Hellenic Council has an- oveiit is a Sunday afternoon tea, to SlJAbbard & Blade Meeting ...Room 303, Union nounced that representatives from be given September^l3. All^tudent^s
Purdue Forestry Club Room 225, Ilort. Building all of the houses have-decided that
summer clothes will be in vogue. Also it was made clear that the
7:PpP.M. 7:30 P.M.' 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
MaTiiage Course Rooms 302; 304, Union
Thursday, August 20
interested in the Cosmo Club invited to attend this tea.
9:00 A.M. 12:00 Noon 4:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
Leadership Training School for Ind. Rural Youth.... ..Memorial Union Building Indiana Corn Growers Ass’n. ...Room 263, Union Ind. Corn Grow. Ass’n. Luncheon..Old Chestnut Rm., Union P. 0. M. M. Picnic Inst, of Aeronautical Science ...Room 108, Mech. Bldg.
preference dinner will be the only affair where formal evening clothes will be worn. Expenses Cut ' It has been stated also by the Council that no favors or elaborate
Universii'y Cow Sets,,,, Butterfat-. Milk Record
Purdue Captain Paul Burke, registered Holstein cow in , the herd owned ! by the Univei'sity .Agricul-
Friday, August 21
decorations will be planned by the turaF Experiment Statibhi'has juSt different sororities. This measure is completed a record of 536 pounds of only one that the Council has de- butterfat and 14,746 ppun,ds of milk, vised to cut the expenses of rushing according to announccihent made by
4:00 P.M.
Leadership Training School for
Ind. Rural Youth.......;...'.. Memorial Union Building Cosmopolitan Club Meeting.. Room 304, Union
for the houses.
Til may be obtained at the "Lafayette
jrersullliei iMUieS post office. For further information —^ call the Placement Service for
Brewster Aeronautical Corp., Women (2955).
Johnsville, Pa.—Interested in Aero- Tennessee Valley Authority, Wilnautical, Mechanical and Civil En- son Dam, Ala.—Interested in Chemglneers. Sign in Personnel Office by istry majors and Chemical Engi4 p. m., August 19. neers. Will visit campus later. Sign U. S. Navy'Yard, Naval Aircraft in Personnel Office before 4:00 P. M.
Factory, Philadelphia, Pa.—Inter- Thursday, August 20.
Christian Foundation To Hold Triendly'
Personnel Notes
ested in AerO. E., M.E., .C.E., E.E. seniors. Sign iii Personnel Office before 3 p. m.' Wednesday, August 19. ITepublic 'Aviation Corp., Evansville, Ind;—Interested in August Chemistry graduate. Sign in Personnel Office before 3:00 P. M. Wednesday, August 19. Federat<id Metals Division, American Smelting & feSefining Co., Whiting, Ind.—Intere.stcd in seniors with a chemistj;y jnagor. Sign in Personnel Office'before 3:00 P. M. Thursday, August 20. U. S. Civil Service Commission announces openings for junior physicists, $2,000 a year; and medical technicians, $l,440-$2,000 a year. There are no written examinations for these positions. Applications
Junior inspector-trainees for ordnance; plants are also in demand. There will be a written examination given for this position, and applications may be obtained at the Lat fayette Post Office. The salary is
$1,440 a year.
Christian Foundation will hold its last “Friendly” of the summer term this afternoon between 4 and 5:30 at the Foundation’s center, 131 S. Grant, in honor of the three graduating seniors, Ennabclle Whitcnack, Paul Carrington and Francis Lau. The “Friendly,” an informal visiting period among Students, will ofler special refreshments.
the Holstein-Friesian Assbeiatidil df Ameriea. ... , i. .n . “Burke” was milked three times a day during her record-making period which began when' she was three years, four months old.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Marie But* ... H. E. ’41, and Robert Howard, Ch. E. ’40, were married Saturday, August 16, at the home of the brides parents near Albion. Mrs. Howard recently returned from California where she spent the last year doing internship work in dietetics. Howard has recently completed work on his PhD in Chemical Engineering at the University.
After a short wedding trip the couple will return to the University where the groom will be employed as an instructor in the Chemical Engineering School.
Military
(Continued from page 1) •ier, 18-m6nth program of work, leading to the degree of master of bu;-;iJless admini.stration, t}ie men w5ll be commissioned Second Lieu- . tenants in the Officer’s Reserve, (Quartermaster Corps. In addition to ’'having the basic two-year ROTC traiuiiig course or its equivalent, the c(j]lege graduates must be under 26 yeai-s of age, and be able to pass the Army physical exaryination. IJndei' selective service legula- ■ tions men enrolled in the advanced ■ oovirse of quai’termaster training will be diaft exempt and placed in ■class 4-B. : e'One of the important advantages of the program is that the regular ol' slmly in the Graduate ^choo! of Business is almost identi-
cal to that required by the Quartermaster Corps for the training of its officers,” said Dr. Wilbur. “And all students successfully completing the required program of study will receive the M.B.A. degree at the same time they aie awarded the commission of Second Lieutenant.” .Receive Allowance Students accepted for the officer training are to receive money allowances from the government amounting to about $200 for the two-year period. They will wear uniforms similar to those worn by commissioned officers except for the insignia of rank. The cost of uniform, textbooks and supplies, which amount to approximately $100, is chargeable against these allowances, the Army has informed Stanford University. The full list of requirements nec-
essary for application to the quartermaster officer’s school at Stanford University are given as follows: candidates must have received the A.B. degree from an accredited college, must have had a good academic record, and must meet the. following added stipulations—be a full-time student, be a candidate for the M.B.A. degree, have completed a two-year basic ROTC course or its equivalent, pass an Army physical examination (an eye test rating of 20/100 is acceptable) and, be iriider 26 years of age at the time of application. ■By equivalent military training is meant former ROTC training in a military, school or a high school or some other military training considered satisfactory by the professor of military science and tactics ' at Stanford.
LAST TIMES TODAY JOHNNY MACK BROWN h
■ plus •
'RIDERS OF DEATH VALLEY" Serial ALSO — "CARTOON"
THROUGH SATURDAY "KING OF DODGE CITY' "BROOKLYN ORCHID" rpi(?K TRACY" Serial LATEST "RATHE NEWS"
LU^
LAST DAY — 2 HITS
PLUS'
6oM
Jin WUI SUMPS and BONDS at Wi mAnt,
TOMORROW-FRIDAY !T TOOK 3 MURDERS .. . io Unravel One!
PRESTON FOSTER
PATRICIA MORISON
ALBERT DEKKER
UrnVMSUMFSmdJomSatJ^^
There’s a lot of hot weather pahead. If you have not already pre|>arcd for it by having us eleanse your summer clothes, you’d better do so this week.
For smartness and comfort, make our Sanitone Service a summertime habit.
-LAST TIMES TODAY
amii
€fNT-R'OT
Maii
TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
CLARK GABLE JOAN CRAWFORD
STRANGE CARGO PLUS——
EAST SIDE KIDS in SMART ALECKS
Starts TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS
A One Man Blitz! A YANK IN LIBYA with H. B. WARNER JOAN WOODBURY PARKYA KARKUS — PLUS —
HARRY LANGDON
HOUSE OF ERRORSM
r
,, ™ ^
,f^
«lti
», <
ioilermaJeer ^otts^^ i*a^
W^kn^day, August 19, 1942
Magazine
(’raises Riveter Eleven C/'Ujtiusual speed throughout presages a wide-open attack. Not a conference giant, bjit a dozen classy backs will keep the Jtfessure constant if the sophomores can furnish the needed
(i^pth ui) forward.”
'i Above is the comment on the Riveter’s football prospects l&r this fall as published in the “Illustrated Football, Annual” which is providing pre-season ■' -■■■■ ftdder for »ie nation’s grid- Intfgmural Off ICC
iron fans.
‘^irengerTeam’’ __ Y/lll Awatd PointS In a more detailed article on . , the Boilermaker chances writ- To SiQITia UGlta PSI
t|n by Francis Powers, well „, , ., ,,, ,.
j7 , jj ., „ Fraternity athletic managers J^OWn mid-western football shQui,^ turn in a'^list of all members
the Annual declares that, ^ho have passed enough tests' in the
^‘fdtbntially.ihis is a stronger Pur- Sigma Delta Psi competition to be-
tedm. It will cash in plenty come local members. Managers
ipqre dcores th&n last year, and if should also turn in those names that the sophs produce in the replace- have completed all of the tests, raent j^osts there should be more Two participation points will be yietqries.” given for each member having beA potential stars on this fall’s come a local member, and five points l^ilSttnaker aggregation are pic- will be given for each man that may tuffed it) the Ahnual, including Bar- have passed all of the testb. Include French, tackle; William Powers, in the list the members’ name, plus ^uard; Bruce Warrep, tackle; Bob the number of tests he has passed, l^fijzjj^k, quarterback; Kenneth Be sure and not turn in any naines fen^ock, halfback, and John Andret- that have previously been registered icp, halfback. for points. Your list must be in the f^dtential All-American Intraipural office by 10 a. m., Sat-
‘ French is tabbed by the Annual urday, August 22.
ixperts as a potential All-American, None of the medals have been reV^ith the following statement, “Huge ceived yet; so please leave a list of Sarty French df Purdue, shotputter the men who have won medals so and dreadnaughf boxer, is a play- that their names may be forwarded
Wrecking Trojan.’’ from the Intramural office. 'Chief Clevett Wins Campus
Bike Race; Crall, Hoffman Place “Chief” Clevett, P. E. M. 12 and I. M. sports head, pedalled across the finish line half a block ahead of the younger generation last night in 9 minutes 40.8 seconds to win the three and one-half mile All-Campus Bicycle Race. The course, origihally planned to cover almost five miles, was cut down a mile ^nd a half by soft-hearted officials who, a few minutes before the race, agreed to eliminate thfe double loop around the the fork of the road near the Big 4
Cary Halls.
Half a block behind
l^ardy ‘‘Chief” followed Frank '^rall, .H. C. Hoffman and Bill Holloway to take second, third, and fourth place awards, respectively.
railroad viaduct. At the fork of the the cyclists leveised their direction an<f\eturned by the same route,
Clevett leading the pack. Formerly Annual Affair
This race was the renewal of an old tradition which, prior to 1935, had been an annual affair. No racing bikes were allowed in the competi-
Sikteen peddlers left the Fieldhouse awards were given for the
^t 7 p.m. travelling south down Uni- first four places.
fersity Street to State Street. The contest, coijiibinued west on State to if Hays Jewelry Co. j 131 Korth Fourth St. X Fine lewolry at Moderate Price X
The 16 contestants finished in the following order: “Chief” Clevett, Frank Crall, H. C. Hoffman, Bill Holloway, R. 0. Norcross, Jim Ashwell, Bob Reynolds, Ralph Martin, R. G. Magner, F. McGirr, G. C. Biggs, R. Stewardson, J. Smith, M. Ehrenberg, Bob Mather and Harold Berry. None of the peddlers tangled during the event.
Advance Season Ticket Sale High; Deadline Soon Riveter football fans have only a little more than three weeks left in which tb take advantage of the opportunity to purchase the bargain fate season tickets for the Boilermakers’ unusually attractive, home schedule this fall, it was pointed out in a statement issued last night by Ticket Manager C. S. “Pop” Doan. The season tickets, which will entitle ' pufehasers to preferred reserved seats for the homei games with Fordham, Wisconsin, Great Lakes, and Indiana, will be available only until September 12 at the bargain rate of $9.00, including tax. Price Will Go Up After the September 12 deadline on season tickets, seats must be purchased on an individual basis for each game, which will increase the cost for the four tilts to a total of $10.50. Doan revealed that while season ticket sales to date are running well ahead of the sale last year, many fans who have been regular purchasers have yet to place their orders and he issued the reminder in order to avoid any disappointment at the last moment. Sigma Delta Psi Initiates 26 Athletic Pledges Sigma Delta Psi, local athletic honorary, has initiated the following men: D. M. Badger, J. E. Beehler, W. E. Brown, J. B. Cioft, E. H. Dodge, R. Foss, W. T. Harris, F. L. Hopping, C. E. Hattery, J. Lamkin, G. K. Lefevre, J. R. MacKay, F. McGirr, H. R. Mangus, W. H. Mansfield, L. Psaltis, W. T. Ruggles, W. A. Stover, J. M. Stiver, M- Sullivan, M. L. Steele, G. E. Steudel, G. R. Stockmeier, S. B. Williams, R. E. Williams, and R. S. Vaile. Bud Clevett, Fred S. Deyer, and Bob TenEyck have achieved national membership. The pledges carried 20-inch dumbbells for pledge peiiods. The local chapter now numbers about 60 in number. Students who wish to take special training leading to Sigma Delta Psi tests instead of PE 12 next semester may sign for them at a special division of PE 12 at registration. All campus polycathlon involving Sigma Delta Psi tests and others including weight.lifting, hop step jum, etc., will be held early next semester. Trophies will be awarded.
cports Communique« Team Jo Begin Practice! ^ ^ Riveter Cross Country The Boilermakers and fex-Abilermaker^ jiave been aired rather fre- The Boilermaker crosS-COUntry team, last ’^eaFiS Big Ten quently on the nation’s sports pages, now beginning to give football champions, will soon be taking the field again in preparation the right-hand lead. Opponents of the coming season are keeping one ^ ^ eye on Coach Elmer BurrihamLand his gang, and wondering just what it. i. • i xt. -oi i rt tj they will be up against whefi their teams go on the field facing, the ^tion. Of the seven men who earned the Black and Gold to
Riveters.
Hal Schumacher is in line for the starting berth at fullback for Uamp Grant, when they meet the Chicago Bears. He may well run up against former team math, “Hig John” Petty, who has been seeing a lot of action in the Beefs’ early practice sessions in his first
crack at the profedsiopall gatfii.
top conference heinors, only two are returning. The two returning lettermen, Charles Duesler and Darrell Roach, will probably form the nucleus of
Stiggleman Wins
this yeaFs squad.
Last yeaFs captain, Ed Hol-
, ^ MM m derman, lost due to graduA-
To the Bears’ coaching contingent, a fullback with Petty’s speed and ^
bulk means a lot,'with the dra^making it just as tough for pro football^^itQlfipiOIISnip n- r 1 ^
players as anyone else, even if they are on a championship team. By the " ’ keenly felt losses to CoaCit time tJie regular season opepa, the coaches figure Petty will have been Playing through a downpour of Phillips’ team. Other places taught how to follow interference and will have been given some to Saturday afternoon, Jim which will be equally hard to fiH follow, which will be new and different. In addition, John’s kicking has Stiggleman defeated Joe Inman to will be those left by W. Appleton^ been showing up some of thfe r^egular hands in Chicago. Barring in- flight championship in d_ Kemp, R. Jarvis, and K. Mcjuries ePtty should, cover ^ lot of territoiy on pro gridirons this fall, the all-campus golf meet. Stiggle- Laughlin; all lettermen who'wiH be
for a freshman., ^ ‘ ^ ‘
A lot of the reason that John didn’t gain more ground last fall
in a Purdue uniform was that part of the time when he headed through a hole, it^'never opened in the first place, and if it was there, he was just aboutihh'likely to find a pileup to run into, just force of habit. With the proper tutelage, and some blocking, he should be
plenty dangerous.
man was three down after the first missing this year, nine but came back strong in the Trackmen Will Help
last half to win.
Jim had to defeat Hoffman, Coach Larry LaBree, and Phil Connelly to reach the finals. His victim had beaten Glen Nygren, Chief Clevett,
Part of this loss will be made up by the expected addition of trackmen Jensch, Arnold and Maroziefc.. Though these men have not been out for cross-country, they are ex-
no
01’ Red Ruffing and 01’ Ted Lyons are conducting a private little and Dutch Fehring to reach his posi- ^ pitcher’s duel all by themselves, ^oth have a lifetime victory record of victims of many |.}jgn,ggjygg ^jjg ^g^jjj 266. Lyons, in his twentieth season on the mound, j,s inclined to look on weather condi- gjj^g^ygj. The squad also will be
Ruffing as a kid, since he is still woiking in his nineteenth year in base Stico-lpmaTi sVinf a 99 tn wm
ball.
Ruffing has the edge in losses, dropping only 216 to date, to Lyons’ 226, but he has been pitebnig as long as m^st fans can remember (since 1931, anyway) for the Yanks, when a good portion of the time the said Yanks were hot enough that they could have won with a one-legged bat-boy on the rubber. On the other hand, Lyons has been hurling with, the Chi|ago ^hite Sox more or less behind him ever since he came to the majors in 1923. There have been some lean years for the Sox, with this season not above being placed in that category. So far this year Ted has garnered 10 victories against 6 setbacks with a sixth-place team on his side. Ruffing has a record for this year of 11 and 7, with a pretty fair team playing for him.
tions. Stiggleman shot a 99 to win ... tt,.,,. * ., , ,7 augmented by Young, Willi and
the match. c. j • •
Seward, pi omising runners up from
Two Champions Determined j^gj. season’s freshman team. The above meet wound up the top The cross-country schedule as yet two flights as Don Henrik^en had is still in the tentative state. Howbeaten Red Mackey to win the ever, it is expected that the thinlychampionship flight. This leaves dads will run against Indiana, Illionly the “B” flight to be finished. At nois, Ohio State, and Wisconsin, aH the present this^'flight is in the semi- of whom are old standbys on thi final round. Boilermaker program. In addition Last night two matches were to these there are several other enplayed off, but the results were not gagements “hanging on the fire”, available at press time. W. France Also, the State Cross-Country Meet played Joe Simons to see who would will be held here in Ross-Ade Stadibe represented in the semis. France um early in November. The Big had already beaten Bob Anderson, Ten meet will be held at Chicago
while Simons won over Dick Worl. this year. Three Are In Semis Hard Hit
Three men have already reached Assistant Coach Homer AUen the semi-finals. They are Ed Wells, J states that though the Riveters R. Myers and Floyd Eastwood. The were hit hard by graduation they
strong team on the
night was between Eastwood and cinder paths this season. He further Myers to see who would meet the avers that since all other Conference winner of the upper bracket for the teams were Kit almost equally hard, championship. ' the comp^dtition should be keen this
Myers had previously defeated y^ar.
remaining have had varsity experience. In a way of light Chuck Keene and won his second advance reports, Hlinois exercise, the men go galloping around the field for a little game on a forfeit. Eastwood beat should put one of the stronger while, after which they follow BiA Mahan and Byron Rumble to this year. The up with some touch football classes. Some of them were Tex ^ lastVear’s Tquad and^th^rdevef
and the like. All kinds ol Smerke, Bill Powers, Ed Kline, Bob G'"®' ^
Several Football Players Kejep In Trim By Dally Workouts Back Of Fieldhouse
By Jack Halstead
About sixteen football players have been working out every other match that was played last should put
night in the field behind the Fieldhouse under their own tutelage in order that they might be in shape for practice
which starts a week from next Tuesday,
Of these sixteen men, ten are lettermen while four of the
Av„ Qfn -R ir name on the semi-finals list. He oped into very fine runners during
sports s^m to fit in the train- Liinl um now has to wait to see who will win according to Mr. Allem
ing of a football star.
Last evening alter school, Chuck Harris and' Laverne King could be seen catching the punts of Bruce “Pinky” Warren, and Ed Cycenas, Alex Leugo did the centering for these men while Pete DeMaria rushed down the field. Be-
Rocky Snider, Bill Buffington, Bill Shimei’, and Mac McCaffry. Baker is the only sophomore who is working out, while all of the other men are juniors and seniors. There
the France-Simons match ito see fiist meet of this season will who he meets in the finals. These probably take place in the last week matches were to be played off by iri September this year.
August 16,'but as yet they have not.
are nine seniors and five juniors see- meet must be completed by the
ing action at the piesent time. o t e wee .
Warren Does Punting
Pinky Warren was getting off
Ward Finals
The Ward Championship game in softball will be played between Ward 27 and Ag Chem at 6 p. m.
If You Want to Reach These Purdue Eds and Coeds Advertise in the EXPONENT
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store Aetoii From Union '*Red** Sammoni *29 **Doe*' Epple *40
sides taking part in touch ball, the distant punts last night senior varsity letterman and guard, Diamond 1. Lee Cress
boys go in for charging, set up of make any backfield Smerke Was High School End pass plays, and various other condi- sick. Bruce usually plays A man who has played thiee yeai^ tions which will take place this fall, tackle position, the position at in the Riveter backfield and will . Some of the men who have been ^^ich he won his letter. Another start his career this year at end is working out on their own could not t®®kle who has been getting an early Tex Smerke. Before coming to be seen last night, as they had ^■®®t of his teammates school here, Tex was all-state high who are not in school this summer is school end in the lone star state ot
Arn Harmsen from Appleton, Wis- Texas. Upon coming to the Boilerconsin. maker domain, he was placed at the A good mtmy future starting ends quarterback post at which he played i could be seen hard at work. Most of until last spi ing. Other ends are . them have been especially careful to Forrest McCaffry and Bill Shimer, see that they have their lungs and both of whom have made letters and legs in condition in hope of being will see plenty of action this fall, on the leceiving end of many passes Smerke is from Fort Worth, Texas, this fall. Quite a few of them have while McCaffry comes from Evansbeen working out on the track. Ac- ville and Shimer is from Southport.
Bill Buffiington from Peru, Rocky Snider fiom Massilon, Ohio, and Bob Hajzyk from South Bend all
Deac’s
We Will Buy Your Second Hand Books Now ' We Pdy 50% CASH or
60% Trade-In
H. G. “Deac” REISNER BOOK STORE
— ESTABLISHED 1908 —
Student Books and Supplies PHONE 2976 325 STATE ST.
and Dave Rodgers, umpires.
Notice All lockers in the Fieldhoom must be vacated before noon, Aug. 22, if the $1.00 key and towel deposit is to be claimed. —CLEVETT
Civil Service Needs
Stenographers
According to Nolan Sims, representative of the U. S. Civil Service Commission, there is a serious need
have earned then letters and will for stenographeis both at Washing-
see plenty of action for the Riveters this fall in the backfield. Steve Baksophomore fiom West Lafay-
ton, D. C., and at Wright Field', Dayton, Ohio. The government will pay a salary of $120 a month to
qualified workers.
Applicants must be 16 years of age in order to be eligible for employment at Wright Field and must
Help the Treasury “Minute Men” nf America by qninq tn the nearest stnre and buying ynur U. S. DEFEIVSE BDMDS and STAMPS TODAY
“MEET ME i
WALGREEN’S”
A
. DELICIOUS FOOD ; ' REFRESHING TREATS W
MODERATELY PRICED
YOU’RE ALWAYS mCOME AT WALOREEI’S t -y ^ 410 Main Street ^
cording to Pinky Warren running seems to take the greatest time of their warm up pioceedures in this
training program of theirs. Harris, King Work Out
Chuck Harris and Laverne King were not only receiving punts, but
also were letting go with quite a few ette, is working out at halfback,
themselves. King neceived his letter Petty Sees Action
and 'hails fiom Ciown Point, while Last week John Petty helped the Han is is a Soutlj Bend product. boys out by working with them be-
Alex Luego, another of the boys fore he went to Chicago. Though be 18 years of age by October, 1942, who was running aiound nn his these workouts will be a great aid to be eligible for employment in shorts, made his lettei at centei po- to the present bunch that aie in Washington. There is no maximum sition, though he was unable to play school, the -r^al action will start on age limit. Application should be at this place last year. Alex comes September 1, when Elmer Burnham made to H. N. Sims at the United from Chicago as do Ed Cycenas, a can take over the reigns and put States Employment Service, 312 junior quarteibaclb and Bill Powers, the boys to leal woik. North 4th Street, Lafayette.Welinesday, August 1% 1942
JUtmy Pul^ishes List Of G^s Cimirakteristks, Antidotes
University, I. U.
POMM: Koya ard now available^ at
elry stofo.
• SouthwortK’s
To Start Co-op for U?ed Uniforms
Chemistry Majors: In the school "Of Sch ence hnishinB in AuBuStj 1942, should report at my ort'icei 422 Chelh BuildihEi hU.their earliest cohyeniehcei ' -^iMGERING.
' By Pat Miller
^ First aid for gas victims, in addition to specific treatments According to the type of gas, is removal from the gassed area As‘quickly as possible and protective clothing against blister producing vesicants, according to official army publications. ■ Chief among the blister-producers are mustard, which tonells like garlic, and lewisite, resembling geraniums. Both are dark brown liquids which —- ISecome colorless vapors. Both IflstHutG
Old bdhcl members with utiifoi’ins for safe‘are asked to get in touch with 2nd Lieut. R. K. Gast, supply officer of the band, before August 22. No uniforms purchased before September, 1940, will be accepted. The following prices are for the 1940 unifornis;. coats, $9; trousers, $6.25; garrison hat.s, $1.75; field caps, $.90; fourragerre, $.76;: two
P. U. and two lyres, $.60.
Radio Amateurs: Register Tfanmsittinfe equipment with FOG befbfe August-26. —WESTNEAT
irritate the eyes and lungs and bum or blister the skin. Eyes and lungs should not be ii«ashed with soda or boric acid and bums should be swabbed
With oil.
Four Lung Irfilants
To Hold Eyenmg Protection Meetings
Capt. K. E. Kline of the Industrial Protection Division of the University Public Safety Institute, has
There are four main lung announced that a series of evening irritants. Phosgene, a colorles* meetings will be held for members vapor that smells of musty hay or of protection units in Indiana, green corn, causes , tears, lung ir- The first of the meetings,, which ritation, vomiting, a doped feeling^are to be held on a regular monthly and sometimes heart failure. The basis, will be in East Chicago on Victim should be kept quiet and be September 2. Others will follow in given coffee as a stimulant but no South Bend, Eort Wayne, Kokomo, filcohol or cigarettes. Muncie, Indianapolis, Terre Haute
Diphosgene, a vapor which has and Evansville,
an , odor of green corn or clover. The meetings will start at 7:30 causes coughing, makes breathing and will include sound slide films on painful, and makes the eyes water, the police, fire and safety phases of •The victim should be kept quiet and protection, a.discussion by a qualiwami and given coffee as a stimu- fied speaker on the war phases of lant. Chlorpierin, a yellow, oily protection and a round-table discusliquid that partly vaporizes and of pertinent protection prob-
smells of flypaper or anise, brings , . .
on severe coughing and crying with
Purdue-Indiana cooperative plan extension courses will offer training to students who are unable to attend school away from home, but who wish'to take beginning work in agriculture, engineering, home economics, pharmacy, science, trade and industrial education or physical
education.
These classes will meet in East
Chicago, Hammond, Port Wayne, u' » i Indianapolis and South Bend. Grad- InrO/ClS S3nQUet
nation from an accredited high school or its equivalent is required of all students enrolling in extension courses for which credit is de-
sired.
I AES: Important closed meeting ThurS', day, August 20. at 7 i30 p. m. ih Room 108 of the MB building. Maranco fi.lm,and Section of officers. —rVOLiLMER
HKN Actives and Pledges: Formal Initiation in Room 307 of the Union at 6 p. m. followed by a banquet at 6 p. m. in Room .303. —REED
Chi . Epsilon: Election meeting in Reading Room of Civil Bildg. Wednesday, August 19, at 4 Pi m. ■—BOUGHAN
Cosmopolitan Clu
Marriage Course: A meeting Wednesday, August 19, at 7 ;30 p. m. in the East Faculty Lounge. Refreshment's will be served. Everyone be there. —WILKENING
Sigma Delta Psi Members: Local keys are available for members. Get them ap once. Pay Frank McGirr. —ARNOLD
May Transfer Students planning to study engineering may receive freshman train-
ing and may be graduated after six
resident semesters. Students who enroll in an extension course linder the Purdue-Indiana cooperative plan may transfer to the University at the beginning of any semester. Enrollment and payment of fees should be made at the office of the, Indiana University Extension Center in the localities where the classes are offered. Classes will begin the first or second week in September.
Cosmopolitan Club held i£s summer semester banquet atj Lincoln Lodge last Saturda^ni^Kt at 6:30. A steak dinner was served, after which the club members and faculty guests sang and played games before going upstairs tO dance. Frank Stecker acted asafter-rdinner speak-
er. '
AWS Executive Board: 9, 4 p. m., in office.
Meetins: August —CROFF
P. I. A. Board: Special meeting Thursday, August 20, at 4 p. m. It is important that you be there. SLEEPFR
Acromodelers: Final meeting of semestet will be held in Room 88 at 7:30 p. m., Wednesday, A’ugust l9. Plans for next semester will be discussed. Everyone is urged to attend. —jSMITH
Clare Coolidge, acting dean of women; Dr. H. R. Wilkening, assistant dean of men, and Prof, and Mrs. Prank R. Hall, of the history department, were guests of the club. Also present were Mr. and Mrs, Hubert Reynolds. Mr. Reynolds is student pastor of ,the Christian Church.
G. E. 11 and G. E. 12 Exam: For removal of “C” grades will be held September 5 at 1 o’clock, Room 201, Michael Golden Shops. —RISING
Radio Amateurs: Register transmitting equipment before August 25i 1942. VWESTNBAt
vomiting. The eyes should be washed immediately but not bandaged, and the victim should be quiet and warm. ' Ghlorifte Has Characteristic Oder Chlorine, a greenish yellow gas
Science
(Continued from page 1)
the Eastman Kodak Company in Rochester, N. Y. Members of the original group, all of whom.are now seniors, include the president of
FCC To Require
Notices
Classified Ads
Carrier Wanted: Apply at Exponent Office or phone 3063. Ask fdr Kloumah.
Registration Of All Radio Transmitters
All Science Seniors: ATI those who plan to graduate in August call at Den Enders’ office to fill out the necessary blanks. —ENDERS
Lost: Will anybody who found my billfold lost on Grant St., please send me back all my identificafion cards? Ling.
For Sale: Matched Wilson golf clubs. Phone, 699G, ask for Nick.
with a highly pungent odor, irri- Gold Peppers, the president of WAA tates the lungs and should be coun- ^nd the senior coed editor of the
teracted with the same method used
for diphosgfene.
Exponent. • > The high standards established by
Cloroaceto-phenone and bromben- have been kept by Zyl-cyanide, tear gasses, have an groups following. Thirteen of odor apple blossoms or sour fruit thirty sophomores made distinand cause a temporary burning of g^ished grades lafet semester, and the eyes accompanied by tears. The highest scholastic indices of victim should face into the wind University coeds were made by and bathe the eyes with cold water Tj-gya Davis and Virginia Sellers, or boric acid solution. freshmen in .the special science
Smokes, such as HC mixture, sul-
It was recently announced by the Federal Communications, Commission that anyone possessing any radio transmitting equipment must register such equipment with the tn/^/~i A,, I otr »
phur tri-oxide and titanium tetra-
group.
Plans are-being completed by a
chloride give a sharply acrid smoke committee, with Mary Lou Stern
FCC before August 25. The commission has stated that any equipment not registered would be subject to kfiizur@x 5 e University Radio Club has a 2d number of applications for Ration available, and these may bVpbtained by contacting Arthur Westneat,^T62 Sheetz,. phone 66004. (j •
Tau Beta Pi Pledffes: Here is a list of the actives: J. H. ArmstroDj?, R. T. Ball, D. D. Barta, L. L. Bonham, R. B. Bouffhan, W. K. Burnside. T. H; Curry, E. E. Deiser, R. W. Deuster, W. J. Frantz, D. A. Frost,. D. O. Henrikson, A. W. Hubert. R. L. Jenkins, W. G. Koern.er, R. S. Kolb, C. B. Leber, F. J. McDonald, D. W. Meier. H. M. Merrill, R. W. Orr, A, F. Pier, H. J. Reed, H. D. Shekels. W. L. Schalliol. W. S. Shockency, R. E. Sptague, R. J. Taylor. H. R. Volkoff, R. J. Visin. R. A. vonBehren, W. C. Walker. H. M. Whippo, G. R. Wolter, J. T. Younjrblood. —YOUNGBLOOD
Tspewriters—Adding Macbine^^, ail makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoffi||§ift Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Offide, Columbia.
Wanted: Bar boy part time, over 21, Apjjly to Mr. Higgins, Hbtel Fowler.
Will pay cash for any old or new used bicycles. Kiger Shell Service,’ Northwestern
Former Band Members: The Band will purchase used Band uniforms at. reasonable prices. See Gast or Ross at once for particulars. —ROSS
at Columbia.
Fraternity Rush Chairman: A supplement to the list of incoming freshmen is available at the Fraternity Affairs Office. Come up arid get your copy. —^SCHWAB
SCA House Presidents: Minutes of August 4 Bdard meeting are available at the west desk. —MOGAVERO
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTH WORTH'S
■which may have the odor of burn- as chairman, for the tradition
ing- matches. Sulphur trioxide welcome tea for freshman
^i.lV.IVlVO OXVili C411U UCCli.O) UKXw the others are harmless. Soda solii-
tion will counteract it.
, '\
next; semester.,.
Youth
)¥ar Chemistry Class
(Continued from p^-e-
Completes Course
conditions—now we puf this statement in reverse,” he stated. “We must make a place for our surplus young people and keep them on the
farm,” Hull continued. Opportunity Knocks
In the second talk of the afternoon, Brandon pointed out the opportunity lying at the very doors of the rural people, and he told the group that the departments of the Farm Bureau have endeavored to bring about a balanced economy. “Music and art fade away when the soil decays,” .says Brandon. “Luxury has ruined some nations while, toil has saved others,” he
continued.
University Day Today Today is officially designated as University Day and the program will be devoted to showing how the University can help the rural youth. , Tomorrow will be rural youth day and several rural youth speakers will discuss how the rural youth can meet their problems during the present emergency. ' ■ Approximately 150 people from all sections of Indiana are attending this annual conference which will close Friday.
Members of the war training class in general engineering, chemistry recently completed their course at the University. Ten certificates were awarded for satisfactory completion of the work, as authorized by the United States office of education. William Shapiro and BrUno Zwolinski of the chemistry department wei'e instructors for the course that presented the student with the fundamental concepts of Elementary chemistry. Lectures and demonstrations acquainted the student with pi’inciples and rules that aid in correlating and classifying chemical facts. Certificates were awarded Dora Perry, Mary Norris, Helen Riley, Dale Powner, Howard Metcalf, Max Snyder, Morris Sheets, Roy Gregory, George Berryman and J. Doyal Snyder.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD j. RISK -—DENTISTS —
400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Mal4 Sts.. Lafayette
START NOW!
Get your fall and winter clothes in neat form for the new term.
It’s time to get them cleaneil aml-neatly pre ssed so the WeathcT and the fall so-
,;cial season will find you prepared.
i
. Norfhwasf'ern and Vine Sts.
Phona 40$4
Aim for Victory
with
War Doflils aod Stamps
‘if ■
and says: is the ti
those books”
IN
OR
TP HTt 1
FOR YOUR
RjRDlE BOOK SUPPLY SICRE
3OS-I0 tTATt tTREEI WEST LAFAYETTE IND
Sputhworth^s