This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
WEDNESDAY April 13, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 152
iwbriBiakers isat Liltfa Giants, 6-2
Attorney To Speak Following Debate Tomorrow Night Lester M. Levin, attorney for the 11th region of the National Labor Relations Board, will speak after a debate between the University negative and affirmative teams tomorrow night at 7:30 in the Home Economics Building auditorium. Prof. Frank R. Hall will preside over the meeting. Attorney Levin will be brought here to speak because his work with the labor relations board is closely connected with the debate topic, “Resolved: That the NLRB be empowered to enforce compulsory arbitration in industrial disputes.” The Purdue Student Alliance IS sponsoring Levin’s talk. Sequel to Union Debate After hearing the subject for debate, Levin chose to talk on “Proposed Amendments to the National Labor Relations Act.” The PSA is sponsoiing Levin’s speech as a sequel to its AF of L-CIO debate of last semester. The debate will be conducted in congressional style, with members of each team being allowed to interrupt the speaker for a limited period of time to ask questions or to bring certain facts to the speaker’s attention. J. W. Fredericks and J. W. Rittenhouse will be the negative team, and M. M. Karnowsky and Don Paarlberg the affirmative, replacing a team from the University of Detroit which is unable to come. Visiting Engineers See Campus, Attend Banpet In Union Inspection of engineering labs, toui's of the campus and airport, and special exhibits in the Mechanical Engineering Building were the high spots of yesterday afternoon’s program arranged for Indiana members of the Society of Automotive Engineers. Seniors in the mechanical school showed the visitors, who were celebrating their President’s Day, the interesting spots of the University. Following the inspection trips, which terminated at 5 p. m., 110 SAE members were entertained at a banquet in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building by talks from prominent members. Prof. G. A. Young, head of the school of mechanical engineering, told of the general work of all engineering students here at the University and of ^ some of the research going on in engineering laboratories. President Speaks C. W. Spicer, of Toledo, O., president of the organization, gave an illustrated talk on “New FiringLines for Engineers,” stressing the development of new inventions in the automotive field. Taking his listeners by word and slides to the proving grounds, John A. C. Warner, SAE secretary and general manager, told of “Truth Through Torture,” showing how new materials were tested through grueling proving methods. ME’s To See Speedway According to Joe Copps, advertising manager for the Indianapolis Speedway, this year’s races at Indianapolis will feature one-man machines. It was" also announced that University automotive engineers are to go to the races in a body, track passes having been obtained. Prof. K. D. Wood and Prof. H. M. Jacklin, of the mechanical engineering department, told of the thesis work their students are doing. N. K. Reinhard, chairman of the local chapter of the SAE, served as toastmaster for the dinner.
Toxicologist Speaks Tonight BrsdcWdtCr FdDS 12*
Dean Scores 3 Runi
Dr. R. N. HargerTo Ask— 'When Are You Drunk?' Dr. R. N. Harger, biochemical toxicology authority from the Indiana University Medical Center, Indianapolis, will question students, faculty members, and townspeople with a pointed inquiry tonight at 8 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall— “When Are You Drunk?” Dr. Harger, who is also techincal advisor to the Indianapolis police on toxicology, is lecturing on the campus under the sponsorship of the Purdue Religious Council. Lawrence Thie, senior in the school of agriculture, is chairman of the committee in charge of arrangements. In addition to his duties as chairman of the Indiana University biochemistry and toxicology department, Dr. Harger has made studies on so-called normal alcohol and the rate of absorption of alcohol in the
body.
Dr. R. N. Harger
His chemical tests on intoxication carried on during the last 10 years were instrumental in his selection to membership in the National Safety Council.
Purdue Egg Show Opens Hany Classes To Student Entries When University students enter eggs in the Purdue Egg and Chick Show at the Poultry Building April 28, 29, and 30, they will have opportunities for a large number of prizes. These prizes include 30 ribbons, $16 in cash, and a large number of tickets redeemable for merchandise at various stores and theatres, in Lafayette and West Lafayette. The student class is divided into three divisions offering a class for freshmen, one for sophomores, and one for juniors and seniors. These divisions are divided into subclasses for students exhibiting white eggs or brown eggs. Sweepstakes awarded to the highest scoring dozen in each class, will be $2 in cash. Display Classes If the student enters five dozen eggs in the student class, he may also enter in the student display and the individual display classes, competing for cash awards of $5 and $2 respectively. “The plans for the show are nearing- completion, and from all appearances it will be one of the best in years,” L. R. Ralston, manager of the show, said this week in urging students to enter their exhibits. Dr. E. C. Young To Talk At Fifth Economics Meeting Several members of the University staff will leave tomoi-row-for Davenport, la., to attend the fifth annual meeting of the Mid-West Economics Association, of which Dr. J. A. Estey, head of the department of history, economics, and government, is the head. Accompanying- Dr. Estey will be Dr. R. G. Thomas and Prof. F'. F. Hargrave, of his staff, and Dr. E. C. Young, assistant dean of the graduate school and member of the farm management staff. Young will speak on “Cooperative Agriculture Credit and the Government.” Wabash Begins Slow Drop; Down Two Feet Falling gradually, the Wabash river level has dropped from the 21.8 foot level reached early Sunday and maintained until Monday morning, to, 19.7 feet at 7:30 yesterday morning. This is a very slow fall, according to T. H. Hill, assistant University weather observer, and at ifeast three or four days will be necessary for the river to reach its normal level of 13 to 14 feet.
EnderSf Walters Speak At First Counselor Class The principal object of the counselor is to improve the environment and education of the student who has a low scholastic index. Dean H. E. Enders, of the science school, pointed out yesterday in the initial meeting of student counselors. Speaking before 225 stu<jents in Stanley Coulter Hall, Enders concluded that heredity is the only characteristic that cannot be altered. Dr. J. E. Walters, director of pei'sonnel, explained the importance of counseling and related the history of counseling since its start in 1929. He testified that students who need, and then use the service usually raise their scholastic index. Dean A. A. Pottei-, of the schools of engineering, is scheduled to talk to the counselors next Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the main lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. Dr. Scarseth To Speak At AZ Dinner Tonight Speaking- on “Evolution From Agronomist’s Standpoint,” D r. Scarseth of the University agronomy staff will speak at the Alpha Zeta spring initiation banquet tonight. Four juniors in the school of agriculture will be initiated into the honorary agricultural society this afternoon. The banquet will be held in the Union ballroom promptly at 6 o’clock. Those men who will be initiated ^ are J. L. Gobble, D. L. Henry, D. G. Jpnes, and M. C. Learning.
To Attend Smoker In Union At 7 Tonight A general survey of woi’k done by the Exponent editorial staff will be explained to prospective staff freshmen at a short smoker this evening in room B of the Union Building. This meeting, which will aft’ord a last chance for freshmen interested in newspaper writing- to become members of the Exponent editorial staff, will begin promptly at 7 p. m. J. E. Brock, managing editor, and D. R. Vance, associate editor, will speak at the meeting. Brock will discuss the work of the freshmen, sophomore, junior, and senior staffs and will tell of the Exponent’s editorial style. In addition he will give a brief explanation of newspaper ■writing in general. G. W. Breuer will preside. According to Breuer, work assignments for the rest of the present semester will be made tonight. Free cigarettes will be passed. Lark-H®ro¥ifz Will Speak, Give Concert Illustrating his lecture on “Chamber Music” with selections played by his string ensemble. Prof. K. Lai-k-Horovitz, head of the physics department at the University, will speak tomorrow evening at 7:30 in the Union music room at the eighth meeting- of the present music appreciation series. The string- ensemble, which includes M. C. Howenstein, Miss Thelma Thrasher, and Mrs. H. M. James, has played on several Sunday music room concerts, and last week gave a convocation concert at Wabash College. The program will consist of “A String Trio,” by Mozart, with violin, viola, and cello, and “Piano Quartette,” by Telemann, a contemporary of Bach. Prof. George Will Address AIEE At Meeting Tonight Prof. R. H. George, of the engineering experiment station, will address the regular monthly meeting- of the AIEE this evening in the lecture room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building- at 7 o’clock, sp^eaking- on “Prevention of Static Interference in Airplane Radio Re-
ception.”
Professen- George has had considerable experience in this field, having worked for both the United Air Lines and Bendix Aircraft Corporation on experiments of this nature. The public is welcome to attend this meeting, said AIEE offi-
Biologists Exhibit Tiny Replica Of Microscope
By Betty Wickard Absurdly tiny in contrast with a large regulation magnifying instrument is the replica of Antoni Van Leeuwenhoek’s first microscope made in 1675, which is now on display in the show case of Stanley Coulter Hall. Bausch and Lomb Optical company of New York manufactured the tiny instrument which Was first exhibited at the Chicago Exposition of 1933. It is composed of a lens with a small opening in front of which a needle holds the specimen. Modern microscopes contain the essentials of Van Leeuwenhoek’s invention; the lens and screws for manipulating the specimen into position are the same, and protozoa could be viewed with this primitive lens about as well as with special
National Red Cross Instructor Gives Course In Safety
and the
Purdue’s baseball squad christened its new playing field yesterday afternoon by downing the Wabash “Little Giants” by a 6 to 2 score. Arnold Bredewater and Stu Heiss put on individual pitching shows and pushed their team through to victory. ’
Bredewater started out the game by striking out the first two men up and then continued to fling such a bewildering array of curves and fast balls that he managed to strike out 12 of the Wabash men in, his six innings on the mound. “Dutch” Fehring then pulled him out to save him for the games which are slated later in the week, and put in Heiss.
Heiss Good Too
Just to show the crowd of students and state police who were on hand watching the contest that he was not going to let Bredewater garner all of the pitching laurels for the day, Heiss proceeded to strike out six men in his three innings as pitcher. He was erratic getting some of them though. In the last inning he walked the first man, struck out the next, walked the third, fanned the fourth, and then retired the side on a fly to Lyboult. The game was marred here and there by bad errors, the outstanding two being high' flies which were muffed after the receiver was all set for them. Wabash accounted for one of them as Lyboult scored for Purdue and then in the ninth, (Continued on page 3)
protozoa microscopes made today. Originals Gone All of Van Leeuwenhoek’s originals have disappeared, although two, one made of gold and the other of silver, were sold many years ag-o just for the value of the metal. The inventor, a native of Delft, Holland, was given an obscure political position aften he made the invention. This allowed him more opportunity for grinding, polishing and mounting lenses than he would otherwise have had. Using a different lens for each type of mount, the Netherlander discovered bacteria in 1676 and reported to the Royal Academy. For his valuable discoveries he was elected a fellow of the Royal SocL ety of England and member of the French Academy of Sciences.
Deadliiie For Bridge Contest Tomorrow Tomorrow noon is the deadline for filing entries in the all-campus contract bridge tournament which will begin Thursday evening at 7:30. Sponsored by the student Union, it will be played in three weekly sessions in the Game Room. Participants must enter the tournament in teams of four players. A trophy will be awarded the winningteam, and high score certificates to the individual players. Tournament director J. L. Born, urges all players to be on hand before 7:30 p. m. at the latest, since no one will be seated after that time. Entry blanks are available at the Union desk. No charge for entry will be made, and the value of prizes awarded will vary directly with the number of entries. Zouaves To Give Drill In Chicago At 9 Tonight Between matches in the National Indoor Polo Championship finals in Chicago, 111., the Purdue Order of Zouaves will present its regular di-ill before an anticipated crowd of 12,000 at the 124th Field Artillery Armory tonight. The squad will leave in ROTC trucks at 4 o’clock this afternoon. The drill will be given at about 9 p. m., when the one-to-six-goal East and West picked teams play off their final match. After the Zouave drill, "the final game jn the 6-to-12-g-oal class will be played. A squad of 28 men will be taken for the exhibition drill, with Cadet Captain Vanderford commanding. WSGA Prexy Announces Co-ed Hours For Prom Betty Ann Stewart, president of WSGA, announced the following Prom hours: Co-eds must return to their place of residence by 5 a. m., one hour after the orchestra stops playing. If breakfast is being served at the girl’s residence, men may remain until 6 a. m. All co-eds wishing to leave town at any time during Prom week-end, must submit a written permit from their parents to Dean Stratton, their housemother, or landlady.
John E. Hei-ndon, first aid life saving representative of National Red Cross from Washington, D. C., is giving special life saving and water safety instructtion to candidates for examiners and instructors in life sa-ving this week. The course began Monday evening at the new pool in the Fieldhouse and is open to students, as well as residents of Tippecanoe
county.
Herndon is one of the many Red Cross specialists devoting their time to the teaching of first aid and life saving to community groups, so that Americans may be better prepared to prevent accidents and deal with emergencies when preventative efforts fail. After being graduated from the University of Tennessee in 1923, Herndon selected the field of education as his major interest, becoming a high school principal and later superintendent of schools. While serving as educator, he was aggressively active in promoting of Red Cross activity in his community, also finding time to help -with the guidance of young people in summer camps and various organizations. Herndon is a graduate of the Red Cross national aquatic school of Brevard, N. C. Prof. Harding Will Give Address Before Power Conference Tomorrow Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the electrical engineering school; Dr. G. A. Hawkins, research professor on high pressure steam developments; and M. J. Zucrow, consulting engineer on the flow of liquids in pipes, and formerly a member of the University staff, will give talks at the reorganized^ Midwest Power Conference, to be held at Chicago, tomorrow and Friday at the Armour Institute of Technology. Dr. Harding’s talk will be on the subject “Practical Issues Involved in the Valuation of Power Plants.” Dean A. A. Potter, head of the engineering schools, is a member of the committee which planned the conference, the purpose of which is to offer an opportunity to all persons interested in power production, transmission, or consumption to meet annually for a discussion of their problems. Home Economics Faculty To Meet In Union Building Sponsored by the Student Union Board, a reception for members of the home economics faculty will be held this evening in rooms 1 and 2 of the‘Union Building at 7:30. AH students are welcome to attend this reception, according to A. P. Taylor, Union vice-president.
Indiana Weather
, Forecast for Indiana: Partly cloudy; somewhat warmer today except in extreme south. Continued mild weather tomorrow. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 70; low, 47; mean, 59.^diijfdoL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
diunuft.
Wednesday, April 13, 1938
Ratio Of Advertising... iSoc Letter to the Editor on this pag:e) ... to news material provides a problem that every commercial newspaper must work out for itself. Exponent—not subsidized by the University as are some college papers, nor pushed off on students by compulsory subscriptions—operates on much the same basis as any city daily ... so has to consider seriously its own news-advertising proportion. Newspapers had pretty well established a fifty-fifty percentage of news to paid space before the World War. Increased demands for space during the War and accompanying necessary economies in the use of newsprint (paper) shifted the balance to the advertising side but that ratio was regained ... is still regarded as a pretty good standard. Another practice followed by a number of publishers is one advanced several years ago by Jason Rogers in his New York Globe: “A fixed standard of reading matter and then let the advertising make the paper as large as it would.’’ This policy is not so workable, however, for a college newspaper with a small volume of advertising. Before the opening of school last fall we wrote the general manager of Associated Collegiate Press, adviser for college newspapers in its membership, to get information on the proper ratio that should be maintained by a college daily. He replied that advertising should not exceed 40 to 45 percent of available space. Exponent this year has averaged about 160 inches of advertising per issue—a fraction more than 35 percent of its near 450 total column inches of space. We should be glad to provide our readers with an ad-less Exponent, were they willing to bear the cost of publication. A subscription price of $10 a year—in comparison to our now $3 rate—would enable us to publish the paper without advertising . . . would not allow for any reserve profits, or for keys, banquets, or compensation to staff members.
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $3.60.
Editor-InrChlef
Business Manasier
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
CO-ED STAFF Editor Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors . Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. — J. E. Brock Editor’s Secretary — Margaret Sawyer Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance Sophomore Assistants—R. J. Deckard, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, R. L. Keck, W. A. Kroeplin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A. Torrence, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager — . J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager . — —W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager — M. C. Reeves SPORTS STAFF Editor R- F. Obenchain Associate Editors. J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5637 Business Phone 6038
Night Editor—Hardin
Issue Editor—Houston
Wednesday, April 13, 1938 L'
In his most recent book, “The Newspaper Industry,” James E. Pollard, associate professor of journalism at Ohio State University, says that in respect to its finances, the task of the newspaper is three-fold: to meet its operating expenses, to pay a fair profit, and to establish itself so firmly that it can be independent of whatever pressure might be brought to bear against it. Exponent manages to meet the first obligation without too much trouble, and, after being hard hit by the depression, is gradually building up a sinking fund to take care of emergencies and to enable expansion. That second task has been neglected the past few years.
Letters to tile Editor
More News, Less Ads Dear Editor: No doubt you get tired hearing your readers continually complaining about something, but I would like to know why so much space of the Exponent is filled with advertisements. I realize a certain amount is necessary and even serviceable to the Purdue student, but to have over half the paper filled with ads doesn’t do credit to the paper or the staff connected with it. Surely theie are many items of interest which could take the place of the large ads. Is it really necessary, or couldn’t we have more paper and less ads ? D. L. Fitting, Sci. ’40.
Observe Good Friday Dear Editor: About this time of year preparaations are being made for the observance of the second gieatest of the Christian holidays, Easter. Unfortunately, its celebration is rapidly becoming merely a fashion show that overshadows its religious significance. To counteract this materialistic tendency, attempts are being made in many cities by religious leaders, with the cooperation of the 'merchants, to focus the attention of the public upon the observance of Good Friday, two days before Easter Sunday. Puidue should not lag behind in this commendable practice. The influence of the many student religious oiganizations could be brought to beai on a method for emphasizing the impoi tance of Good Friday in its connection with the Easter season. Good Fiiday is a serious pi elude to Easter. Its obsoivance offers the Christian an oppoitunity to consider the leal meaning of the holiday. J. M. Moser, ME ’40. WBAA Health Hour... ... at 1:15 o’clock this afternoon will inaugurate a local campaign against cancer with an address on “Cancer is Curable.’’ This is the first of a series of eight talks sponsored by the Tippecanoe County Medical Society.
University Club Will Awird Seison Prizes “Season prizes will be awarded next Monday evening when the last of the winter’s series of seven University Club contract bridge parties will be held in the faculty lounge of the Union Building,” said James R. Wiley, chairman of the committee that has had charge of the contract parties. Folks who have played at any of the parties are requested to bring other members of the University Club as guests next Monday evening. Special guest prizes will be awarded, and play will start at 7:30. These parties have brought out 50 to 60 players on each occasion for an evening of contract bridge, once each month since last October. The committee in charge is Capt. and Mrs. E. V. Holmes, Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Kohlmeyer, Prof, and Mrs. M. G. Mellon, Mr. and Mrs. T. K. Sanders, Prof, and Mrs. H. M. Jacklin, and Prof, and Mrs. J. R. Wiley. Home Ec Students See Food Movies Gathering, piepaiing, and packing of the newly-marketed frozen fruits and vegetables was shown in a movie Monday afternoon in* the home economics auditorium by W. P. Piatt of the Frosted Food Sales Corporation. Girls enrolled in advanced food couises saw the pictures, and latei compared frozen, fresh, and canned pioducts in the laboratory. The idea of freezing foods was first started by an arctic explorer, Mr. Birdseye, whose name has now become a txade-mark for these rapidly fi ozen foods, said Mr. Pratt. Church Sorority Pledges Kappa Beta, Christian Chm'ch sorority, announces the pledging of: Pearl Struble, Elkhart; Prances Wallace, Brazil; Helen Rees, Rushvfile; Olga May Reinoebl, Ashley; Anne Stemper, Evansville; Mona Jane Balcom, Kokomo; Glenda Lou Hildebrand, Indianapolis; Roberta Alderman, Brownsburg; Elma Holllingsworth, Frankton; and Mrs. Barton Hunter, \yest Lafayette.
collegiate
The gills like ’em short and the boys like ’em long — skirts, we mean. San Jose State College discoveied through a campus fashion survey that the co-eds are almost unanimously in favor of the short skirts, and the men aie in favor of longer ones. H h * r Although women law students are distinctly better scholars than men, an “unreasoning prejudice” among other things, hinders their attainmen of the same degree of success over men in actual practice. This IS the opinion of Dr. Paul W. Brosnian, dean of the Tulane University college of law. He said that the main reasons the pel feet woman legal scholar does not become a success after she hangs out her shingle aie: 1. physical equipment; 2, unreasoning prejudice; and 3, a “memory type of mind which shows up better in college than in actual legal combat.” Dr. Brosman added “The memory type often excels, despite our efforts, on examination, but doesn’t pioduce so well in actual legal woik.” Of the 41 women registered in law at Tulane the last quarter century, only 2’4 completed their comses. Of these, only 17, according to incomplete recoids, went into actual practice and at least three of those abandoned practice later foi marriage. There may be a business recession, but you couldn’t prove it by the Badger enrollment figures for the second semester. Pres. C. A. Dykstra reported that the University of Wisconsin had just 913 more .students than last year’s second teim registration. ' i: 1*1. Northwestern lecently observed a “University Coke Day” to promote coke date on the campus. The enterprise was the result of planning by a committee of 30 freshmen who made arrangements with leading “coke filling stations” and fixed up dates with all the sororities, fra-, ternities, and all open houses. The drug stores and college eating places extended cooperation and promised special inducements to the frosh couples. In true Northwestern fashion, the male committee members were anticipating a second venture—-on the girls.
WBAA PTogromi
—Today— 11:00—American Institutions, Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—-Farm Facts for Farm Folks 12:15—Sports Review. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Wanita Wilson. 1:00—Meditations—Rev. Clarence Mitchell. 1:15—“I Want a Job.” 1:30—The Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Mai’kets and Weather Reports. 2:00—Tune Topics. 2:15—This Week in Literature, A. R. Rolfs. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—Hymn Echoes, Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 3:00—Home Decoiatoi'. 3:15—^The American Scene. 3:30—Music with the Masteis. 4:00—Reflections. 4:15-—Melody Moods. 4:30—Baseball Previews.
—LAST DAY—
Alan Mowbray . -..-.yy BillieBurke>PatsyKelly>AnnDvorak rv P\ Tom Brown • Bonita Granville TOMORROW AND FRIDAY MARY CARLISLE LLOYD NOLAN
‘TIP-OFF GIRLS”
TODAY —
Starts Tomorrow DOUBLE FEATURE
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
A DREAM Sweet is a dream, A wonderful thing. A moment of life, of love, of spring. A shady spot in a quiet place, A soft caress, a sweet embrace, The music of a distant bell. Another kiss, (alarm clock) 'HELL. — J. “Babs.” A KISS Before the doctor told me the Dangers of a kiss, I thought that kissing you would be The very height of bliss. But now I take biology, I sit, and sigh, and moan; Fifty million bacteria, And I thought we wei’e alone.
‘Hmm — in love with her, aren't you?”
Rachel Schenk Talks On Old Manuscripts “Illuminated Lettering” was the subject of a talk given by Miss Rachel Schenk, of the University library staff, to the art division of the Purdue Women’s Club yesterday afternoon in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Miss Schenk told of old manuscripts from oriental times through the Greek and Roman periods. She also reviewed two Celtic books on illuminated lettering: “Kells” and “Linderforne Gospel.” With her talk she showed three valuable original manuscripts belonging to the University library. Mrs. H. H. Kidd, a member of the art committee, introduced Miss Schenk.
Kappa Sigma... . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: William Study, Muncie; Samuel Clarke, Coldwater, Mich.; James Black, Logansport; Harry Layson, Logansport; Fred Montague, of Nobles ville; Rudy McMaster, of Springfield, 111.; James Crump, St. Louis, Mo.; John Burkhardt, Chicago, 111.; Arthur Beddoe, St. Louis, Mo.; and Jean Pickart, Gary.
mm —LAST DAY—
THURS. — FRI. — SAT. PETER LORRE in ‘MR. MOTTO’S GAMBLE’ —AND— GLORIA STUART in “ISLAND IN THE SKY”
Iff us
...
Cartoon
ARC
—LAST DAY— SAMUEL eOLDWYN
MIRIAM HOPKINS JOEL McCREA
—ALSO— “Radio Patrol” Serial
“N o w that 11 have my Coolerator I never bother | with covered dishes. (And such a I bother as they used to be!) I am told the air conditioning in Coolerator prevents rapid drying out and niininiizcs exchange of flavors. Whatever the reason, everything tastes better and I save all that extra work.” Most people want to be rid of covered dishes. They take up valuable space, there’s the nuisance of transferring leftovers from one container to another—the extra dishwashing is a considerable item. Coolerator owners quickly find they can free themselves from this bother. Why not investigate this truly modern refrigerator that keeps foods fresher yet costs less? FOR YOUR 10 DAY FREE TRIAL CALL LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO. Phone 5078 4th and Salem Sts.
THERE M IS ONtY ONE v -. ^✓oole^ator THE REFRIGERATORBoilermaker Thinlies Leave Friday For First Outdoor Meet Of Season
Boilermaker thinlies will be off to meet their first opposition of the outdoor season, leaving friday for Lansing, Mich, where they aie scheduled for a dual meet with the Michigan State tiacksteis Michigan State has an advantage over Pui due, as it has already had three outdoor meets, winning all thiee by topheavy scores Tvi o races sure to be hardfought are the high and low hiudles, with Purdue’s Lemen and Woodstia of Michigan State each trying to caiiy off top honois Duiing the Butlei Relays, Woodstia tied the woild record m the high hurdles in a time of 7 4 seconds Then during a southern trip this yeai, he lan the 220-yard low hurdles in the fast time of 23 4 seconds, which is just one-tenth of a second slowei than the time which won the national meet last year. The Boileimakeis have had a successful indooi tiack season and are in faiily good shape, although this IS the first meet of the outdoor season and they have had only one week of outdoor practice Lemen, Bodeau, Knapp, Schidler, Gutting, Teihune, Luther, and Muiphy are expected to bear the brunt of the work foi the Purdue squad The freshman track squad is not scheduled to see action this week
but will wait till next week to start its season Last call loi freshmen has been sounded by Coach Phillips, and any ti eshman who has any desire to lun, whethei he had high school expel lence oi not, should lepoit at once So fai theie are veiy few fieshmen out, and ac coiding to Phillips, theie is loom foi plenty moie
St Louis CIVIC 01 ganizations aie working foi the establishment of a free college in that city Women’s Athletics V Baseball \ Chi Omegb baseball team won its first baseball game of the season fiom the Alpha Xi Deltas by the score of 9 to 5 yesteiday afternoon Pi Beta Phi forfeited its game to the Kappa Kappa Gammas. This afternoon at 4 the Kappa Alpha Theta d!fid Alpha Chi Omega combined team will play Waid 1, and Phi Mu will meet Pedalion Thursday, Ward 2 will play Pi Beta Phi, and combined Wards 3 and 4 team will meet Chi Omega
Boilermakers Beat--(Continued fiom page 1)
with two out, McAfee dropped a high fly, and Wabash chalked up its second lun of the game Bad Pitches Hawkin, Wabash’s hmlei, made five stiikeouts, but hit Dean and Thompson with pitched balls in the seven ininngs he pitched foi the Little Giants They weie uninjured and took first Lineup and box scoie Purdue AB R H. Vernon, If 4 11 Dean, if 3 3 1 Lyboult, 2b 3' 1 0 Mackiewicz, 3b 4 11 Stamm, cf 4 0 2 Thompson, ss 3 0 0 Waling, lb 3 0 1 McAfee, c 4 0 0 Biedewatei, p 2 0 0 ■^Heaine 10 0 Heiss, p 10 0 Dickinson, If 10 1 Doan 000 Totals 33 6 7 Batted toi Biedewatei in 6th Wabash AB R H Cooney, ss 5 0 0 Giuca, 3b 4 0 0 Jones, cf 3 11 Beigquist, If 4 0 0 Hanscom, lb 3 11 Maiciniak, c 4 0 0 James, 2b 3 0 0 Long, if 3 0 1 Hawkins, p '”2 0 0 Davis, p 0 0 0
EXPONENT 125 Report For Initial Workout As Freshmen Begin Baseball Practice One bundled and twenty file fiosh baseball candidates tinned out foi the first spiing practice session of the season on the Russell Field diamond last Monday evening Out of this group will come the future Puidue baseball stars Freshman Baseball Coach “Pop” Doan will have a hard time selecting the better men from this large group for the varsity of next season The freshman team, according to Big Teh rulings, can participate only in practice games with the varsity nine, later on, the fiosh candidates will be divided into squads and will play practice con tests With such a large number of men out for the squad this season there should be plenty of nraterial to pick from Also there should be plenty of competition for each place on the squad, making eveiy man really work for his place
Franklin Reck Answers 6-Man Football Questions
A California gioup has incorpor ated under the name of Vacations, Inc , to pi omote much longer vacations for school children
Heinz, 2b
0 0 0
Totals 31 2 3 Wabash 000 100 001—2 Purdue 102 010 20x—6 Batteries Purdue—Bredewatei, Heiss, and McAfee Wabash—Hawkins, Davis, and Maiciniak Two base hits, Mackiewicz Three base hits, Vernon and Stamm Home runs, Jones Walks, Biedewatei, 2, Heiss, 3, Hawkins, 2 Strikeouts, Bredewatei, 12, Heiss, 6, Hawkins 5, Davis 1 Errors, Vernon, 1, McAfee, 1, Cooney, 3, Giuca, 1, and James, 1
By J S Brown “Six man footbalP What is if’ And why This quer y floats about in the minds of many of us when ever the subject of this fast grow ing sport IS brought up To -satisfy our own personal curiosity \vc hunted down Franklin M Reck aft Cl the football coaches’ clinic Sat uiday, and quizzed him on the sub-
ject
Reck, who IS managing editor of the American Boj magazine ad dressed the gathering of coaches on “Six Man Football,” and graciously consented to repeating pait of his talk to us Idea Started In 1934 This idea of a six man giidiion team was originated by Stephen Eplei in 1934 Eplei was football coach of a small high school out in Chester, Neb Since the total population of the school was only 90, it was a bit difficult to get 11 good football men, so Eplei in vented a football game in which only SIX men played on each side Justification foi this probably came from Walter Camp, who way back in 1886, said that almost any play can be used with six men, about as well as it can with 11 Six man teams consist of center, two ends, quarterback, a halfback, and fullback A smaller playing field IS used—40 by 80 yards in size —with the kickoff starting from the 30 yard line instead of the 40, as in the regular game Rules Are Different The main difference in playing rules IS that the man recerving the ball from center cannot cross the line of scrimmage with it Any body IS eligible to receive passes This makes more open type of play, provides much more interesting
NO SQyillMS Jockzi/ UNDE^EAR from SOi
• Jockey Underwear, the choice of American Airlines pilots. For the safety of their passengers, they dare not squirm. So fellow, why not follow their example. Wear this famous "no squirm" imderwear. hCld, mascuhne support No buttons, no bulk; BO bind—hence no squirms. Smart sleek Btylmg. No Gap Y-Front opening. Jockey Underwear Is available in a variety of fabrics and models, uppers and lowers to suit your every choice. Try these famous garments today. LOEB&MENE COMPANY
Intramurals
B \SFB\LL —Todaj — Diamond 1— Phi Kappa v-, Alpha Chi Rho 2— Pi Kappa Alpha vs Alpha Tan Omega 3— Phi Kappa Tau vs Tau Kappa Epsilon 4— Phi Pi Phi vs Tau Epsilon Phi 5— Delta fhi vs Acacia 6— Beta Sigma Psi vs Phi Sigma Kappa 7— Theta Xiv:, Pi Kappa Phi 8— Delta Up<5ilon vs Phi Kappa Sigma 9— Kappa Sigma vs Kappa Dolta Rho 10—Alpha Kappa Lambda v-. Lambda Chi Alpha
CO-OP BASKETBALL —lodaj— 7 15—Chauncey vs Bastillp—Aronson Mangas —Tomorrow— 7 15—Luma vs Winner of above game for spectators, and also lessens the chances of injury to the players Although the game was invented only four years ago, it is fast gaming m populaiity, because, in a large part, of the efforts of Reck in publicizing it in his magazine In 1936 the game was taken up by 300 schools throughout the country, last yeai over 1200 schools were playing it Reck was enthusiastic about next year’s prospects He said “My guess IS that about 3,000 schools will play the game this fall Goes Well With Small Schools The spoit is particularly wellsuited to small colleges and high schools In Reek’s words, “Most any school unable to scaie up 11 good football men can manage to round up six Besides these small schools the intramuial departments of many larger colleges and universities are staiting the game as a regular part of then piogiam ‘I am veiv pleased to see the amount of interest shown by the coaches heie at the clinic At the late the game is growing, I anticipate that in two moie yeais it will be established as the majoi fall sport in small high schools and colleges all over the countiy”
Mother’s Day Invitations Menus for the Banquets Lafayette Printing Company Phone 7828
DECKER’S We Carry a Complete Line of I.E.S. Lamps
518-520 Main
Phone 6477
See Us for a Large Variety of Indirect Lamps SOUTHWORTH’S
We Carry an I.E.S. Lamp for Every Purpose H. G. (Deac) Reisner3bcaL ddiiu
THE PORDUE EXPONENT
n^nticoA
Wednesday, April 13, 1938
Choir, Orchestra To Give Easter Cantata C oiuliniiim tlii' u ■'(-lU'' of c on\ ot tton'' foi 1 lu I III Ml vit\ tl n inii ulu 1 ill pi (. still ’it ^Mtti c ml it 1 1 lu List StMii V hL t (1111- 1 niiM I s o 11 t ^ ill 1 li/ 1 I" o^^ U I Lai’ Th ■' 0\ott i^Jiu^Lio’i Viill lx (’ tc to In \ P Sicna’t Lni \tis \ 1 nisK (liitttoi and mil be acconiiiud b\ tlx 40 piece oi clxs 1 1 conducted b\ Robeit A Philli] ' ( bE 't Geoige Osboin Ph ' mil assume the electiic oi t, in I It IS and Roseinan Robin s n HI 40 mil plae the piano Vitnin solo paits in the Lenten n usK ml’ be suner b\ A.lbeita ‘^thina’t’ and Alls A P I Stew ait SO] ants Men soloists will include ttiiois Paul F 01 cestei Waltei AA a^ nei Hai old Schulte and Elinei Cailquist and biiitoncs Chailes Powt and A an C x’diimton
Thaeles Initiates 7 Thaeks soioiite announces the initiation of the following gills; Doiotln Boinstein Gaiv, Estelle Cohen Indianapolis, Betty Jean Fishei Big Spi ing Tex, Sylvia Kahn Chilton, AVis , Leona Meiinektein Ciucible Pa Bessie Shipow Gam, and Mai tone AVeinei, Milwaukee AVis Alpha Gamma Rho... social flatelnlt^ announces the initiation of J H Biooks, AALnehes tei D AA Glovei, Veedeisbuig, T S Ha\nes, LouisMlle, Ky , N Hoi rail, Deckel, H C Laish, Richmond, R G Ralston, Montmorenci, J A Siewait Gieensbuig, and J D Tuinei, Pimento.
Phi Kappa... announces the election of the following officeis piesident AV A Reed Foit AVajne, vice-piesident, M J Do tie Ri\ei Foiest 111 , secietai\ AA^ 1 Can, AVest Chicago, 111 , tieasui ei J E Keiwin Kansas Cit\ AIo , 1 ush chaiiman J H Zet tel Alexandiia pledge mastei, J F Coffee Foit AA^a^ne, and social chdiiman AI J Doi le Ruei Foiest 111 The 01 ganmation also announces the foimal initiation of AV S Ba kei Aki on 0 , E P C^aik Mount Akinon \ A'' , R E Jansmg, Cm cinnati 0 , PI T AAyzykowski of AA hitestone L I, N Y , F E Pitlstickei Indianapolis, I E Galligan, Chicago 111 F A Gustaims, Mel1 ose Pai k 111 , A S A^on Glahn Long Beach \ A , D L Nau, Hammcnd, L B Didiei,Ft AVayne, G AA’' Sims, Chicago, 111 , J E 0’Connoi Foit AVayne, R C Heniy, Foit AAavne, and F T Mackicwic/ Chicago 111
PM Department Presents 4 Films In Week^s Movie Ph( pi utic 11 nuchinics t'cii il inciil will show its weekly c hua lional inoMcs m i oom 101 of Mich acl Golden Shops lodac at 1 p m ‘Seed Dispel sal’ ‘Ileait and Cn culation ” ' ^he Biass Chou ” and ‘Floweis at AAoik” ai e the sub gets of this week’s ficc iniuics The film “Seed Dispeisal’ will show how seeds aie scatteieel Itv wine's insects, and foiceful pi o pulsion b\ the seed case, “P'low ci s at AAoik’ will pioMcie a sequel to the showing of the physiology of plant floweis pollina ion and cioss fei tilization “The Biass Chon” presents diffei ent chai actei istics of the comet ti umpet, Fiench hoiii, tiombone, and the tuba Pi Tau Sigma Names Twenty-One Pledges Pi Tail Sigma, national mechan ical engineeimg honoiaiy fiateinity, announces the pledging of AV H Winslow, Caithage, A C Bodeau, Chicago, 111 , R M Buechlei, Hamilton, 0 , D W Clugston, Columbia City, R H Elliott, Cincinnati, 0 , J E Hammei, Columbia City, D R McLeish, Foit Wayne, J W Mackie, Pittsbuig, Kan M Pai son, Fan mount, R L Richaidson, Indianapolis, N H Ruse, Doylestown, 0 , F A Rob bins. Midland, Pa R M Sassei, Chicago, 111 , Ct R Small, Ambidge, Pa , W H Smith, Zionsville, J E Tayloi, Owensboio, Ky , J P Tay loi, Uppei Montclan, N J , T L Tomaszewski, South Bend, J E Tiyon, Conneisville, C F Wainei, Fai inland and R C Zimmei, Day ton, 0 Delta Upsilon... social fiateinity, announces the election of T D Cabonaigi, High landPaik 111 , pi esident, E T Run cie, Miami Fla , vice piesident, F K Schleichei, Belleville, N J , le coiding secietaij, J F Stenbeig, Elkhait coi 1 esponding secietaiy, and G K Smith, Gieenfield, alumni secietai y
SPRING DANCING CLASSES OPEN Instruction will be completed before Purdue closes. Phone 2150 Beginners Open Wed., April 20, 7:30 p. m. Advanced Friday, April 22, 7-30 p. m. Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6 th & Ferry
• the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything tor the Purdue Student • Professional The Risk Dental Clinic DR PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G RISK DR LUTHER A. RISK
4th & Mam
Phone 5701
• Locksmith
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock serriee oar epecUlty. L. C. N. Door Closer Distributors 208 211 N 5th St Phone 2828
• Auto Rental
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
• Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN • Beauty Studio • EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co ed Special Thurs Fn KEENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Mam Phone 7727
Virginia C. Meredith Club Sfewart Will Direct To Sponsor Formal Dinner Af Communion
Viiginia C Mcicdifh Club will sponsoi its annual foimal dinnei in I lx Home Economics tafeteiia, next 1 Liesday at b p m Di Mane Dye, dtan of home oco noinics at Michigan State College, Last Lansing, Mich, will be the speakei Nina DeWitt, piesident of the Viiginia C Meiedith Club, invites all Univeisity women and faculty to attend Tickets aie on sale foi GO cents at WRH, soioiity houses, and the Home Economic’s ofhee Prof. O. F. Hall To Lead Meditation Period Today Spoiisoied by the Puidue Religious Council, Pi of 0 F Hall, of the education and applied psychology dopaitment, will conduct the daily meditation peiiod this afternoon fiom 4 15 to 4 45 in looms 1 and 2 of the Union Building Pi of L Hadley, of the mathe matics depaitment, will lead tomoilow’s meeting and Pi of Fiank Hall, of the history, economics, and government depaitment, will conduct Friday’s meditation
Local Ads
Lean Couits may be rtseived Diop in aftei school and call at WAA office (4 16) —WALKER
Thui sday evening at 7 30 in a communion scivice at the Central Presbyterian chinch, A P Stewai t, duectoi of University glee clubs and choi uses, will direct the chuich chon in the Lenten cantata, “Message fiom the Cioss,” by MacFailane The chuich chon will sing “Adoi amus Te,” by Joseph W Clokey, in a suniise seivice Faster Sunday at 6 30 a m also dnected by Stewart Chi Omega Initiates Chi Omega soioiity announces the initiation of Maiy Lou Dunlap, Cuyahoga Falls, 0 , Jane Fish leigh, Chicago, 111 , Helen Fleming, West Lafayette, Maigueiite Gustafson, Chicago, 111 , Lois Hollingswoith, Sunbuiv, Pa , Estei Holt man, Lafayette, Joy Johnson, Newai k, N J Amelia Kneii, Oaklandon, Lucy Ann Meuiei, Indianapolis, Victoiia Milea, Cleveland 0 , Ruth Rose, Ft Wayne, Ruth Swift, Houghton, Mich, Manana Wilson, West Lafayette, and Paula Zwieilein, Cleve land 0
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Fbershoff, 605 Mam street.
Notices X c 3 Aci pLtd After 8 pm
Purdue Union of Jewish Youth Steering committee meeting Wednesday, April 13 at 4 p m in room B of the Union —HONOROFr Dolphin Cluh Pledging meeting Thursd IV April II in loom B of the Union All letive members be present at 7 p m CARR
Union Workers All giils repoit to room D in the Union at 1 o clock on Wednesday April 11 —CROSSMAN
Union Workers Will our committees leport to the woikroom at 4 o clock Wednesday April 13 —MATTHEWS, MASON
PIA Beginners’ Dance Class Anyone who has missed a lesson come to Union ballroom Wednesday April 13, at 7 30 p m —CLYMER
Purdue Badminton Club Impo' tant meeting foi all members and enthus asts Thursday April 14 at 8 p m Water notice column foi tlx place GO mSTEIN Badminton Squad All mo icy past due must be paid by Thursday Api il 14 — BILLINGS
PIA Beginners’ Dance Class- Eighth les-) son will be given Thursday, April 14 at 4 16 and it 7 30 Tiy to attend at 4 15 —CLYMER
Wesley Foundation Morning watch service Thursday Apnl 14, at 7 30 —PARSONS
AIEE Meeting in lecture r om 254 of Electiieil Engineeimg Buildinr 7pm Wednisdiy April II — BIRGE Wesley Foundation Morning wan h seivice Wednesday April 13 starting ai 7 30 a m Di lawience Hadley will be the leader —PARSONS
WAA Baseball Thursday April 14 at 4pm Ward 2 vs Pi Phi and combined Walds 3 and 4 vs Chi Omega —MAIER
WAA Badminton These games will be played on Wednesday April 13 at 4 p m . B Bannwart vs T Beiry P Clymer vs. B Soehner B Rome vs M Spicher and M Jenkins vs L Thomas —CAMPBELL
WAA Tennis First round of the girls’ doubles tournament must be played off by the end of this week The following girls should play Shock and Beaudiy vs Schilling and Mather Walker and Jariett vs Bier and Bieseker Shubir and Gould vs Lounce and Raebig Horne and Jenkins vs Major and Bryant Swift and Fishleigh vs Benoret and Me
YWCA Cabinet Meeting in YWCA office today at 4 o clock —BRYANT
Chem 29 Conditions Condition examinations in Chemistry 29 will be given Saturday April 16 in room 106 of the Chem istiy Building McBEE
..out for more pleasure
Step right up and ask for Chesterfields . . . they'll give you more pleasure than any cigarette you ever smoked
hesterfield the PLEASURE cigarette
Copyright 1938, Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co.