■m»»jmKi‘^ ^gi'Jiesp’w»!i,
ff
Tl j Purdue
MM
\ Exponent
Volume 5L No^ 173
Wednesday* May 8* 1940 omaiosmSBmMmaKMmm'
Freshmen, Sophomores Select Representatives rkAvr/- i\ r &i ,• r"i 7^ i V oters ffee# 13 From Field Of 49; ROTC Prepares For National Inspection Tomorrow ThreeCam/WatesUncontested _, , _ - , , , ...... Many Distinguished AM I r\ Is. Approximately 15 per cent of the sophomores and freshir r IdVShOD T0 dOnCillufi ^GdSOnS ACliVitV AiOUjB 1^01x9 wenttothenoUsvesterdavtnplprf. t-TiPir aoTiQt-ovonf/ianTifofi,
With Presentation Of English Comedy
Playshop will conclude this year’s activities with “Fresh Fields” which opens in Eliza Fowler Hall tonight at 7:30. The play, written by Ivor Novell©, is directed by Jack Miller. The production will run for four nights; tonight, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. The play is an English comedy of manners with nine main roles. Lady Mary will played by Mary Johnston, Sue Enders will take the part of Lady Lillian and Josephine Stong will play Miss Swain. Vinton Taylor will play the part of Una Pidgeon, while Patricia Frigge will depict Eva and Benice Beisel will have the role of mother. Male roles will be played by Don Salmond as Tom Larcom, Carl Thompson as Tim Crabbe, and Eugene Bacon as the butler. A few seats are available for Saturday night and good seats may
be had for the other nights, according to Sam Wells, ticket manager. Tickets may be reserved this week in the Playshop offices in Eliza Fowler Hall. The plot of the story revolves about an English family and their schemes and improvisations to keep a visiting Australian family from learning that the ten pounds a week they are contributing is keeping them both in food. Finally the inevitable occurs, however, and the Australians discover the set-up and the plot thickens. Meanwhile Lady Lillian finds that she is in love with Tom Larcom and again things become more complicated. The play is reportedly fast moving and filled with sparkling dialogue.
Late News Bulletins
Rome Mobs Air Anti-British Slogans Threats of the European war to spread to southern and southeastern Europe were brought to a head in Italy when mobs in Rome recently moved through the streets shouting anti-British slogans. The Allies have recognized this Italian threat and have declared themselves ready to fight Italy on land, sea, and in the air.
Egyptian port and British naval station in the Mediterranean, Alexandria, yesterday witnessed the arrival of a new squadron of allied cruisers and auxilliary warcraft. This addition to the already huge fleet massed at Italy’s back door declares iftore strongly than any chancellor’s bluif the readiness of the allied to do battle with Italy should she see fit to throw in her lot
With the Nazis.
Turks Mass At Border Further indications of the crisis in south-eastern Europe are to be found in the massing of Turkish troops along the Greek and Bulgarian borders, the appearance of German troop concentrations along the Jugoslav and Hungarian frontiers, Italian military activity in the Dodecanese Islands, and the shipment of Nazi war material into eastern Slovakia, a protectorate of the Reich. British Admit Losses Reported sinkings of British naval craft, previously hotly denied by British authorities are now admitted. The confirmed total stands at three destroyers bombed and sunk by German planes oif the Norwegian coast with a possible loss of 500 lives. Despite these admissions, British naval officials still refuse to confirm the sinking of a battleship and a heavy cruiser by aerial bombing. Border Clashes Twice in the past week, Italian and Jugoslav forces have clashed in border skirmishes. At least one Italian trooper was killed when a Fascist patrol crossed into Jugoslav territory m an attempt to disarm a Jugoslav sergeant. In a second incident, Jugoslav anti-aircraft batteiies brought down an Italian plane near the Ruthenian border. It was claimed that the pilot was found in possession of photographs of important defense works. 200 Arrested A recent spy scare in Hungary lesulted in the arrest of 200 persons suspected of working for the Russians and the French. All is still quiet on the western front.
Dr. Steer TalksTo Future Counselors On Directed Study Doctor M. D. Steer, director of the speech clinic, spoke yesterday at 5 p.m. in Stanley Coulter Hall at the meeting of student counselors. The student meeting was preceded by the faculty meeting at 4 p.m., when Dr. J. E. Walters, director of personnel, and Prof. E. L. Keely of the education and applied psycholOgy department, discussed study
habits for freshmen.
Speech and reading difficulties as related to the counseling system was the subject of Dr. Steer. According to the speaker, one out of every five students entering eath year manifest speech defects sufficient to retard that individual socially, economically, and scholastically. Ninety-nine per cent of the defects can be corrected. “The counselor can work together with the Speech Clinic in helping an individual who has a speech defect,”
said Dr. Steer.
An average of two out’of every ten students entering have reading difficulties. Among causes for this are poor eyesight, defective hearing, poor instruction, defective attention in class, and emotional handicap. A counselor can help the entering student in learning the elements of good reading, which the speaker enumerated as word recognition, eye movement, speed of reading, and comprehension. Pi Kappa Phi . . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: archon, H. R. Hall, Bloomington; treasurer, R. F. DeHoog, White Plains, N. Y.; secretary, R. M. Stewart, Indianapolis; historian, C. S. Armstrong, Kansas City, Mo.; chaplain, E. J. Masline, Canton, 0.; warden, 0. A. Bowles, Brazil; bookkeeper, C. Madory, Chicago, 111.; steward, R. C. Springgat^, Whiting.
Many Distinguished Visitors Wiii Attend , Intramural field will be the site of the annual inspection and review of the University ROTC, which will be held tomorrow afternoon. The corps will assemble in the Armory at 2 o’clock and march to intra-
mural field.
The exercises will start at 2:30 p.m. with the arrival of Governor M. Clifford Townsend, who will be honored with the firing of a 19 gun salute. Other distinguished guests will be Major General Robert M. Danford, Chief of Field Artillery, Washington, D. C., and Lieutenant Governor Henry F. Schricker. The inspection officers will be Colonel Robert M. Milan, and Majors F. E. Kauffman and J. A. Steere. Tomorrow evening at 7 p.m., there will be the annual inspection day banquet in the Union building. President Elliott will be toastmaster, and Major General Danford will present the Albert Smith awards for senior tactics to Cadet Captain C. E. Bowman, Cadet Captain R. A. Specker, and Cadet Captain R. R. Cooper. On Friday the military department will be thoroughly inspected for equipment, material, teaching and knowledge of the students. At this time the students will be expected to answer any questions which may be asked them concerning any phase of their military
training.
Tickets for the inspection day banquet may be obtained for one dollar from members of the committee or at the west desk of the Union. The tickets will be available until tomorrow noon. Playshop Petitions DueTomorrowAt4 Petitions for positions on the playshop board must be submitted by those desirous of becoming candidates at the playshop office in Fowler Hall by 4 p.m. tomorrow afternoon. The petition should contain the candidate’s name, the position wanted, experience, scholastic index, and other related qualifica-
tions.
Positions open are: business manager, assistant business manager, stage manager, advertising manager, house manager, lab group manager, radio stage manager, and secretary. The names of those selected will be posted in Fowler Hall by 4 p.m. Friday.
Alph9 Xf Delta
.. . social sorority, announces the initiation of Bonnie McPherson of
Brooklyn, New York.
University Confers Honorary Degree On Booth Tarkington In Indianapolis Home
BOOTH TARKINGTON
One-time student at Purdue University, master interpreter of Hoosier life, biographer of the universay boy, long-time ambassador-at-large from America to the World of Letters upon the nomination of the President and the Faculty
PURDUE UNIVERSITY
and by the authority of the Trustees of has been admitted to the degree of DOCTOR OF HUMANE LETTERS Lafayette, Indiana President of the Trustees May 7, 1940 President of the University
(Seal)
The above is the citation which appeared on the honorary degree which was conferred on Booth Tarkington yesterday afternoon at his home in Indianapolis. University officials, headed by President Elliott went to Indiaiiapolis yesterday to confer tlie degree which is believed to be the first degree ever conferred off the campus. Illness prevented Taikington from coming to the campus. The exercises at the Tarkington home took place at ^3 p.m. James W. Noel, ’93, Indianapolis attorney and vice-president of the University board of trustees, presented Tarkington for the degree which was conferred by President Elliott. Noel is a long time friend of Tarkington, who was enrolled here at the University in 1890-91. The entire executive committee of the faculty made the trip to Indianapolis and appeared in academic costume at the beautiful Tarkington home, 4270 North Meridian Street. Several members of the board of trustees also attended, besides Noel. They were David E. Ross, ’93, Lafayette, president of the Board; J. Emmett Hall, ’06 Indianapolis, and Paul B. Sturm, ’23, Dana, members. Dean Emeritus Stanley E. Coulter and J. K. Lilly, former board member, also attended.
Students Welcome Mothers Sunday
By Mary K. Miller Sweetshop’s deseited, where aie all the joes ? That’s right, this weekend IS Mothei’s day and all co-eds and eds are getting prepared to welcome theii mothers in the best style possible. Mothers will begin arriving on campus Friday night, some coming foi the first time, while this may be another year for most of them. If mother comes on Friday night we’ll take her to see Playshop’s “Flesh Fields.” Satuiday starts out at noon with a Union luncheon at 12 o’clock in the south ballroom. Eveiyone in the family may attend this luncheon, at which President Elliott and Dean Stiattoh will be the principle speakers. Immediately following the luncheon mother will enjoy listening to some of the University sing preliminaries at 2 p.m. in the Music Hall and at 3 p.m. you can take her to the Union reception and tea, in both ballrooms, at which the modern dance club will
give a short recital. The mothers will be entertained at dinner in various ways. Some^ will eat at the organized houses while others will have dinner down town. Saturday night starts out with a song. Ellen Kepner will be crowned Queen of the May at seven o’clock in the Music Hall followed by the finals of the University Sing. At 8:30 Playshop will again present “Fresh Fields” for our mothers and for us. If your mother likes to dance or likes to watch other people dance take her to the Mother’s Day Mixer at 9:00 in the Union Ballroom. While at the dance don’t forget the intermission coke in the sweetshop or grill. Mother might like them too! Make that little mother happy Sunday morning with a beautiful corsage of her favorite flowers (try to find out what she is wearing and be sure the corsage matches her costume). If she is one of these early to rise mothers take her to the Union breakfast in the Faculty Lounge at 8:30 a.m. Dr. Lillian
Approximately 15 per cent of the sophomores and freshmen went to the polls yesterday to elect their senate representatives for the coming year. The largest vote was cast by the freshmen engineers who elected Don Eastes, Wade Neal, Bob Weinfurtner, and Dwight Zeller from a field of 14 candidates.
- - - The next heaviest vote came from
the sophomore mechanical engmeers who elected William Clarke casting a total of 55 votes for five candidates. The chemical and metalurgical engineers elected Charles Breedlove from a field of three. Bill Long, science sophomore, had almost a 2-1 lead over his nearest op-
ponent.
Science, Home Ec Fred Jones defeated two co-ed candidates to win the freshman science seat, while home economics freshmen selected Jane Arnold from a three candidate ballot. Walter Dryden defeated four other candidates to secure the sophomore agriculture seat. Sophomore electrical engineers elected Robert Stecker to represent them for the coming year and Jim Adams will represent the sophomore civil and public service engineers and the sophomore trade and industrial education students. Uncontested George Corbus defeated Robert Hansen to gain the right to r^resent the pharmacy and physical education freshmen. Three candidates were placed in office without opposition. These three were Barbara Fellows, home economics si^homore; Charles Hansen, sophmnore pharmacy student; and Russ^ Hardin, freshman agriculture. The polls were open frdm 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. at the entrance of the south ballroom. Senate officials stated that the ballot this ye^u: was heavier than it has been for several
years.
Entries For Gymkiiana On May 12, Now Open Entries are now being received for the various competitive events to be held in connection with the G3nnkhana sponsored by the Riding Club on intramural field Sunday at 2:30 p.m. According to officials of the meet entries have been received in the junior horsemanship class, musical chairs, and balloon cemtest. Several locally owned horses have also been entered in the various
classes.
The program will open with a parade of all contestants and will include special classes for threegaited saddle horses, and balloon contests. Riders from the Algonquin Stables in Indianapolis will present several exhibition jumps. Lillian Gllbrefh Will Speak At Mother's Day Servke Dr. Lillian Gilbreth will give the address at a special Mother’s Day service sponsored by YWCA Sunday morning at 9:30 a.m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Dr. Gilbreth will speak on “The Art of Living.” During the service the Concert Choir will sing two anthems, “Prayer” and “Adoramus Te.” Preceding the program Mrs. Joseph Ragains will present a celeste recital. The organ prelude will be played by Rosemary Rojiinson. Approximately ... 50 couples attended a tea dance in the north ballroom of the Union yesterday between 4:00 and 5:30 The music was furnished by record-
ings.
Following the conferring of the
degree, a short informal reception was held at the Tarkington home for Dr. and Mrs. Elliott and the
others of the Purdue delegation. Tschaikowsky's Fourth Symphony Now On Sale Tschaikowsky’s superb Fourth
Symphony will be featured in tonight’s Music Room concert. This ever popular masterpiece has just been released and is now available at Music Appreciation Headquarters in the Exponent business of-
fice, 510 North Fifth Street. Students, faculty, and towns-
people who are interested in this latest set in the low-cost Music Appreciation series of symphonic works will have an opportunity to hear the complete symphony this evening at 7:30 in the Music Room.
All-Campus
. . . scavenger hunt, sponsoied by WAA for both eds and co-eds, will be held tonight in the Women’s Memorial Gymnasium at 7:30. Prizep will be given to the winning teams, and at the conclusion of the hunt there will be a chance to dance.
Gilbi eth will be the principle speaker at the YWCA service at 9:30. From 9:10 to 9:30 and from 10:15 to 10:55 Mrs. Joe Reagen will play Celeste “Old Favorites” with a chime effect. She will play in Fowler Hall but the program will be broadcast over the campus by a loud speaker system. Both the Lafayette and West Side churches will hold special dinner parties at one o’clock in honor of the mothers. In the afternoon at 2:30 the ridingclub will present “Gymkhana” for
the motheis enjoyment.
With all these things planned for your mother’s entertainment don’t forget to show her the highlights of the campus. Show hei the spots of interest and tell her about the traditions of the campus. Don’t miss a thing that may make mother happy. Shnday evening will find tired but happy mothers making their ways homeward. It is up to you to make this the best Mothei’s Day Week-end ever experienced by a
Purdue mother.
Student
. . . photographers will discuss their prints which are on exhibit in the Music Room tonight at 7:30. It is hoped that everyone having a print in the exhibit will be present.^^>iiL ^ '^t-> /* ^ j.
PUBDVE EXPONENT
WednMday. May (, 1940
New Foundation Church Now Nearing Completion
By Bob Skallerup Erected not only to minister to Presbyterian students but rather as a contribution of the Presbyterian Church to the religious and social needs of the University community, according to foundation director Reverend J. W. Findley, the Westminster Foundation Church and Student Center is nearing completion at the corner of North and Grant streets. The structure, designed as the first unit of & larger building to be erected at some future time, is Georgian in architecture and contains two stories and a basement. The basement and first floor are given over to class rooms, recreation rooms, dining room, and a kitchen. On the second floor is a chapel capable of seating 350 people. The Westminster Foundation which sponsors this enterprise is an agency of the Presbyterian Church. It was organized and incorporated to furnish a ministry of religion TO University students. Director Findley goes on to say, “Young people of Indiana come here to be trained for leadership . . . we are confldent that this structure and the program it will house will add a sigmflcant element to the environment of each.” The church will be informally opened this spring before the closing of school, but the formal ceremonies will not take place until next fall after the opening of the terra. Students Oppose Government Aid U. S. college and university students do not favor the government as a source of financial aid or as a job haven after graduation. This is the assertion of Columbia University’s journalism dean, Carl W. Ackerman; and he cites figures gained from a special survey of 16 campuses by Prof. Elmo Roper to prove his point. “The real significance, I think, of present student opinion toward the financing of education is the opposition to government aid,” Dean Ackerman said. “Students do not favor a spending-lending policy to help thepi make their way in the world. Only 7.4 per cent of the students interviewed considered aid by the federal or state governments as desirable. This, I think, may be interpreted as a vote of confidence in the continuation of the studentaid policies of educational institutions such as Columbia University. Study Statistics “Those who have been charging that some of the leading universities in the United States have become centers of socialistic and communistic theories of government and economics should study these statistics. University students today are not applying the prevailing debt theory of political economy in their own lives, nor are they looking to the government to provide them with jobs.” Of the students under survey, 42.5 per cent preferred part-time employment; 32.3 per cent favored scholarships, and 14.6 per cent favored university or private loans. Those receptive to government aid I were in the smallest group. Replies to a negative question, asking whether there were any any sources from which students should not receive aid, showed direct opposition to government generosity. Prefer Part-Time Work “As capable and needy students prefer part-time work to loans or scholarships,” the dean said, “it may be desirable and necessary, in order to attract this type of student, for educational institutions to adjust their curricula and assist students to obtain part-time employment” Prof. Roper’s investigation of students’ attitudes toward careers. Dean Ackerman continued, points further in the direction of student independence of government. Only 18.4 per cent of the men interviewed and 9.1 per cent of the women, believed that careers in the government service 'offered the best opportunities. The rest expected to make their living in industry and the professions.
Kappa Alpha Theta Sorority To Observe Jubilee Celebration To celebrate the twenty-fifth year of the founding of Eappa Alpha Theta on the Purdue campus, the sorority will hold its silver jubilee celebration Friday and Saturday, May 18 and 19. The highlight of the affair will be the banquet to be held Saturday, at 7 p.m. in the Memorial Union. Mrs. Mary Rieman Maurer, a special guest, will represent the national sorority at the banquet. Luncheon will be served at the chapter house Saturday followed by registration of all the guests. Immediately following the registration a program of songs will be presented by Marcia Kenyon Bissell, Cleveland, and Mrs. Maurer will speak on “The Original Theta Pin.” Sunday morning at 10:30 brunch will be served to all the Theta alumnae in the Memorial Union. In the afternoon a tea will be held from 3 to 6 at the chapter house for all faculty, returning alumnae, and townspeople. Alpha Chi, local chapter of Kappa Alpha Theta, was founded on May 22, 1915, and has the distinction of being the first national women’s sorority to be founded on the campus. Phi Lambda Psi, the local sorority which was granted the Theta charter at that time, had been founded on the campus in 1904 and was recognized by the faculty in April, 1906. Eighty members were initiated into the local organization at the time of the granting of the national charter. Kappa Alpha Theta, the first Greek letter sorority for women, was organized at Asbury College, now DePauw University at Greencastle, Indiana, on January 27, 1870. At the present time there are 65 college chapters in the United States and Capada and 53 alumnae organizations. The enrollment of the local chapter is 68.
Bull Session
Classified Ads
ATTENTION FRESHMEN ENGINEERS: Don’t forget to vote for “Honest Spike” Brophy and “Smilin’ Butch” Amos today in the student senate elections.
FRESHMEN STUDENT SENATE CANDIDATES, Amos and Brophy, will be in the Union Ballroom today between 6 and 6 p. m. to kiss all babies over sixteen years of age
rOE SALE FOR SALJi; — ’Typewrltera. AU ctandard and partaUa, aold, pnrehaaad, rented and repaired. New portable Kachinee a> low aa $29.76. BnppUts. C. V. KbereheS. 606 Main street.
Service in carpentry and cabinet work. Saw filing, TENNIS RACKETS and squash rackets RESTRyNG and repaired. Racket handles spliced. George H. Craig. Phone 66832 224 Waldron St
FOR RENT Rues—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night Pbone 71644.
LOST AND POUND Lost' Theta Chi Fraternity Pin. Call 6066. Reward
Rest: Law-bueinees by Spencer Phone 66021.
Briefs By Clarence
“What’ll you write your column about, Clarence,” a friend queried last night. (Note: No friends’ names are mentioned in this column as a matter of long standing policy.) “I think I’ll write about beer tonight,” our hero replied. =9 a * But, upon thinking it over, and deliberating for an hour about what to write on beer, we decided to use a different subject, such as blind dates. * * ♦ Or who killed Cock Robin, or the new Music Hall. But after considerable thought on each subject in order for the day, Clarence decided to go home and go to bed. * ♦ * Too much research on the first subject, I guess. Second place in the Exponent race for the best head of the year goes to the one which read: Rifle Team Fires Against Michigans; Positions Open * * • We’re just sitting by wondering what the spring weather, which now seems definitely here for a change, will bring in the way of heads on our good old campus paper. Our vigilance will not relax except for a quick trip to Happy Hollow on Sunday. Advice to students afflicted with spring fever: Happy Hollow -will soon be in shape for picnics. Questions about picnics will be answered in “Briefs” if there are any. • • * Like how do you keep Coca-Cola cool on a picnic? Answer: After long years of experience at picnics and after studying the advice of real experts in the field, and after conducting a special group of experiments in the chem lab, we come to the following conclusion: Use ice. Well? Profs.O.A.Greiner . . and E. Z. Greenfield, of the modem language department, were in Indianapolis Saturday, May 4, where they attended the Spring meeting of the Indiana Association of Teachers of German. Professor Greenfield read a paper on mathematics and forcing language teaching.
Dear Bull Session: A new music hall, a wonderful addition to the Union, and still there is no place for afternoon dancing. We have two large ballrooms, but a person feels lost in the space provided. And now for our suggestion. Why not make use of the empty space across from the coffee shop. There is a good dancing floor and cokes are within walking distance; it would popularize the coffee shop, too. Now, all they need is a good nickelodeon and twenty Glen Miller records, we might compromise on some other brand, but wouldn’t it be nice to have some place to dance between 4 and 6? We are all for pushing this idea and if a petition is needed, we will produce one within seventy - four hours. Won’t some one please express their opinion on this subject Please do something about it. M.F. ’43; M.B. ’42; C.O. ’41; E.M. .40
Notices
PEW Telegraphic Bowling Team: All coeds interested m bowling in the national telegraphic meet, either experienced or inexperienced bowlers, please get in touch with Ruth Walker immediately. The meet will be Wednesday, May 8, at 7 :30. —CASE. POMM: All new members get your fourrageres from the supply before federal inspection on May 9. —HOTLER.
Eta Kappa Nn: Meeting for election of oflScers Wednesday, May 8, at 7:80 p. m. In Room 134 Electrical Engineering building. —KEEN.
Debris Photography Staff: Meeting Thursday, May 9 at 4 p. m., in Room 866 of the Union. —DYER.
Will whoever claimed grey topcoat at Lafayette Country Club call 6827. Mixup on coats.
I WBAA I WEDNESDAY 11:00—Far East Problems— Mr. Gordon Enders 11:50—^Purdue News Plashes 12:00—Farm Facts For Farm Folks 12:16—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Markets 1:00—Religious News 1:16—Meditations 1:30—Musical Review 1:46—Monitor Views the News 2:00—Lanterns of China—^Elizabeth Crump Enders 2:16—June Ellers—^pianist 2:30—The Bookman 2:46—Hymn Echoes 3:00—Home Decorator 3:30—Ether Editor 4:00—Story of Wool 4:16—Campus Interviews 4:30—Purdue Ropnd Table 4:45—Story Book Hour
Lost: Saturday night at Music Hall — Brown suede gloves—15 inches long. Please mail to Mrs Marian M. Smith; 2421 W. Jackson, Muncie, Indiana. Sender will be reimbersed.
For Sale: One Lot High Grade Photographic Equipment, including camera, enlarger, spotlight, tanks, 11ms, paper, etc. Ph 61261.
Key—Notices . . .. Independent Staff: Short meeting in PIA office tonight at 7 :16. —ARCHIBALD.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Compulsory pledge meeting in the women’s lounge of the Union Wednesday, May 8, at 4:16. Bring signed candles. —OWENS. WSGA Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, May 8, at 7:46 in the WSGA office. / —ZWIERLEIN.
V. C. Meredith Club: Elections will be held Wednesday, May 8, for delegate to annual meeting of the American Home Economics Association in Cleveland June 2327. The election will take place at a table in the main corridor of the home economics building Members vote between classes during the day. The candidates are: Dorothy Eberhardt, Jane Blank, Jane Slates, Ruth Gausman, Mary Foster. —ZILCH.
Freshman Fencers: The following men report to the fieldhouse at 4 :00 p.m. Wednesday, May 8, to start elimination in final round of tourney; Keeler, Freyman, Stonevic, Koerner, Thran, Kaufman, Plummer, Baciu, McCaughey, and Ekeberg. WEGENER.
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting at 4:16 p.m., Thursday, May 9, in office. —BRYANT.
Chess Club: Meeting Wednesday, May 8, at 7:00 p.m. in room 303 of the Union. All members please attend. —GOFF.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Formal pledging to be held at 4:30 pm. Thursday, May 9, in room 106 of the chemistry building. —HALL
Outing Club: All members and all persons interested in the Outing Club are urged to attend the next business meeting of the club on Monday, May 13, in room 261 of the Union at 7:30 p m. The constitution and the next outing will be the main business under consideration. —CORDUA.
Purdue Biding Club: Meeting Wednesday, May 8, in room 364 of the Union after the horsemanship pictures to be shown in the women’s gym at 7:30 pm —HARTMAN.
PIA Chorus: Rigid rehearsal for the Sing is as follows: Sunday, May 6, at 8 p. m., for 45 minutes; Monday, May 6, Tuesday, May 7, W^nesday, May 8, and Thursday, May 9, 4:16 to 6:16 p. m.; Friday, May 10, 4:30 to 6:30 p. m., and 780 to 9 p. m., that same evening. All music is here and we must all work on this religiously. —AROHIBALD.
LEARN THE LATE DANCES BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS TO-NIGHT 7:00 P.M. TERM WILL BE COMPLETED BEFORE PURDUE CLOSES PHONE 2150 ALL£N*S«di»4r«.v
ASME Elections: Wednesday, May 8, at 7:30, Room ME 207. Last meeting of the school year. Sound film titled “Weather Permitting,” a discussion of research problems concerned with tire treads. Elections immediately following this film. —BRYAN.
Alpha Zeta: All members of senior picture committee meet in new Agriculturist office Wednesday, May 8 at 7 ilS p. m. All names and money should be turned in at this time. —McConnell.
Football Players: Football pictures will be taken Wednesday, May 8, at 4 p. m., in the fieldhouse. —ELWARD.
Mortor Board: Meeting at 6 p. m., Wednesday, May 8, in WSGA office in the Union. This is not a dinner meeting. —SAURER.
Chemistry 20 Conditions: Exams will be held at 1 p. m.. May 18, in Dr. McBee’s office in the Chem building. —McBEE.
Fraternity Presidents Conncil: Regular meeting at 6p . m., 'Thursday, May 9, at the Kappa Sigma house. —OATTBRALL.
Military Students: No classes or drills will be held on Thursday or Friday, May 9 and 10 except those scheduled as part of the Corp Area Inspection. Members of classes scheduled to meet the inspector on Thursday or Friday will attend in uniform. —PICKERING.
X>oet: K & E Log-Log Decitrig Duplex Slide Rule. Call Knight. 8444. Reward.
fjAid iil llltitI f i'li 'IMBirttilii!
— TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE 52nd STREET _ WITH — KENNY BAKER PAT PATERSON — PLUS — THE "DEAD END" KIDS ON DRESS PARADE
Starts TOMORROW —2 FIRST RUN HITS—
One Man's Life—Against the Faith of Millions!
— PLUS — MIDNIGHT LIMITED —with— JOHN KING MARJORIE REYNOLDS
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclily
"If we take the apartment we must have the walls redone, the floors scraped, the dining-room flxtures remodeled, and those brass buttons on the doorman changed to gold braid,”
Freshmen Engii^eers: Engineering lectures will not meet this coming Saturday, May 11. Meetings by schools and curricula will be held on Saturday, May 18. —KNAPP.
Skull and Crescent: Actives and pledges meet at D. U. house at 7 p.m., Wednesday, May 8 Be sure and be there and on time. —GIMLIN.
ing to go sign bulletin board in ME building basement. —KRATZ. WSGA; Social committee meeting Wednesday, May 8, at 7 p.m. in WSGA office. —NEWTON.
Cosmopolitan Club: Short progiam and special election Friday at 4:30 p.m. in room 804 of Union Banquet announcement will be made. i / —SHICKEL.
Chemistry 29 Conditions: Exams will be held at 1 p.m. Saturday, May 18, in Dr. McBee’s office in the Chem building. McBEE.
EE Seniors; All students wishing to have their picture included in the 1940 class picture please fill out the form provided in the main office of the electrical engineering building. Please do this promptly —STEADLING.
Purdue Radio Guild: Meeting at 7:30 P m. Thursday, May 0, in Room 303 in the Union. Election of officers. Everybody please be present. —MILLER.
POMM Members: New members who desire keys sign the list posted on the bulletin board in the Armory before Saturday, April II. —MASSEY
Alpha Zeta: There will be no meeting Wednesday night. —STEWART.
Camera Club: Meeting tonight at 7 ;80 p m. in Music Room. Exhibit will be discussed. Prize winners are urged to be present. —GEPHABT.
PIA Dance Class: Meeting Wednesday, May 8, 7:16 p.m. in north ballroom. Co-eds invited. —TRUEBLOOD.
Debris Salesmen: Important basiness meeting, today at 4 p.m., in the business office Be sure to bring all sales. McLEAN.
Stage, Stump, Studio: Tickets for Stage, Stump, Studio banquet may be obtained at Playshop, WBAA and Debate offices. —HULTGREN.
SAE: There will be a debate on Diesel engines between Purdue and Michigan students Thursday, May 9, 8:00 p.m. The debate will be held in the Gold Room of the Antler’s Hotel, Indianapolis. Those desir-
\ ^LAST i V«*>^today MERLE OBERON GEORGE BRENT PAT O'BRIEN — IHs*— TIL WE MEET AGAIN
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
ff^ K 0F TOSTOH! ...a man-made mon-
. _.on-
on the lease!!!
LAST TIMES / TODAY
TYRONE ' ; DOROTHY
tOWEWAMOiR ' iEDWARD ARNOLD-LLOyD' NOLAN ’
UIHA THURS. - FRI. - SAT.—2 Features
NUKOini nisiiis RAY MILLUND ELLEN
LAST DAY—2 FEATURES RONALD COLEMAN — IN — "The Lighf That Failed" — ALSO — JOAN BENNETT in "GREEN HELL"
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
—with— ANN SHERIDAN RICHARD CARLSON _AND — In the •crMO's
„ ifoirlnB lUURE TREVOR • JOHN WAYNE -jpin RKO ltADIO..qgui». vdlb_ . bSs? apSh — ALSO — "BOY SCOUTS TO THE RESCUE/'CHAPTER 1
—THURS. - FRI. - SAT.MISSING DAUGHTERS CHIP OF THE FLYING-U DAREDEVILS OF THE RED CIRCLEr )
11
, t
Wednesday<■ May 8, 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
Boilermaker Linksmen Set Back Ten Points, On Bucs New Course Sweeping the Riveter linksmen before them for their second Western Conference win in four starts, Ohio State’s golfers took the Boilermakers fto town to the tune of 18 1-2 to 8 1-2, out on Buckeye’s newly constructed 36-hole course. Weather out in Columbus was perfect for the match, and the Riveters added one more to the long list of setbacks which have been piling up lately. Medal score for the event was rung up by Gene Durant of Ohio, who brought in scores of 73 and 74 for {he two
rounds.
Captain Hoffer, leader of the Boil- .
ermaker contingent pulled out one of the few victories of the afternoon with a 3-0 win over Simione, Ohio State representative. Bob has been playing beautiful golf lately, turning in some of the most consis-
tent scores of the squad.
Riveter linksman Dahl gleaned the second victory, when Evans, of Ohio State fell to the tune of 2 to 1. Lanky Bob Skinner won his letter by taking care of the third and last victory, defeating Steckle of Ohio State by a 2 to 1 score.
Summaries:
Doubles—Gilbert and Montanero of Ohio State defeated Dahl and Currin of Purdue, 2-1; Evans and Bartschy of Ohio State defeated Hoffer and McDaniels of Purdue, 3-0; Steckle and Durant of Ohio State defeated Skinner and McKenzie of Purdue, 3-0. Singles—Dahl of Purdue defeated Evans of Ohio State, 2-1; Gilbert of Ohio State defeated Currin of Purdue, 3-0;'Durrant of Ohio State defeated McDaniels of Purdue, 2%- %; Hoffer of Purdue defeated Simione of Ohio State, 3-0; Montanero of Ohio State defeated McKenzie of Purdue, 3-0; Skinner of Purdue defeated Steckle of Ohio State, 2-1.
Wednebday, May 8
Diamond
1 Phi Kappa vs Pi Kappa Alpha 2 Sigma Chi vs Phi Kappa Sigma 3 Beta Theta Pi vs Sigma Phi Epsilon 4 Alpha Tau Omega vs Phi Kappa Tau 5 Alpha Gamma Kho vs Phi Delta Theta
6 Theta Xi vs Triangle
7 Pi Kappa Phi vs Phi Sigma Kappa 8 Acacia vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon 9 Phi Kappa Psi vs Tau Epsilon Phj 10 Delta Upsilon vs Kappa Sigpia
MEN! WEVE GOT THE NEW ALLEN-A SAtepiac
Join the thousands of others who have found the new comfort of the new Brieftex. Stock in blue, tan, green and white, sizes 28 to 42. (Bhial^isoL Qosiiu Onh^ 50c
Riveter Racqueteers Take Armour Tech
Captain Fuente, Hebbeler, Lead Sqaad To 5-2 Victory In Doubles And Singles
ARCHERY Matches
. . . scheduled for yesterday afternoon will be rescheduled for this afternoon out on Intramural field. Yesterday’s postponed matches will be shot at this time, according to an announcement from the Intra-
mural office.
IM Schedule Class “B” Doubles Wednesday, May 8
4 :16—
Phi Delta Theta vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon Delta Tau Delta vs Phi Sigma Kappa Pi Kappa Alpha vs Sigma Chi Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Beta Sigma Psi Theta Tau vs Tau Kappa Epsilon Phi Kappa Sigma vs Delta Upsilon Phi Kappa vs Phi Kappa Psi Alpha Tau Omega vs Delta Chi Sigma Pi vs Acacia Sigma Alpha Mu vs Phi Gamma Delta Pi Kappa Phi vs Lambda Chi Alpha Alpha Chi Eho vs Beta Theta Pi Kappa Sigma vs Alpha Kappa Lambda Phi Kappa Tau vs Alpha Sigma Phi Kappa Delta Rho vs Theta Xi Alpha Gamma Rho vs Triangle
BASEBALL
Haub's Hurling Aided By Iowa's Power Features Third Consecutive Flag Bid Proving that history repeats itself, the Hawkeye diamondmen from the state where the tall corn grows, are well on their way to their third straight conference championship. In 1938 the Hawkeyes had to content themselves with only 50 percent of the Big Ten baseball honors, sharing the title with the Hoosiers. Last year, however, Iowa won eight games losing only two, and undisputedly took the conference title.
Six Out Of Seven
Led by Harold Haub, who is perhaps their most dependable pitcher, the Iowa lads have thus far this season been able to garner six victories in seven conference starts. Whipping the Chicago Maroons twice last week-end, the Hawkeyes finished Saturday’s game on the long end of the top-heavy score of 12-2. Greatly helping the Hawkeye cause is the batting power of right fielder Knight who is among the first ten in the Big Ten batting standings. Wendell Hill, Fred Hohenhorst, and Harold Haub are the boys that are responsible for most of the Iowa squad’s hurling. Mercilessly taking two games from the Minnesota nine last weekend, the Wildcats from Evanston established themselves in second place with four wins and two losses. For the first time in the season, the weatherman had made it possible for the Gophers to really get into action, and by the end of Saturday’s encounter the Northwestern team had by effective pitching and powerful batting run up a score of 10 to 2. Last year the Northwestern diamondmen won seven games out of 12 starts. Second Honors Tied for third place in the Big Ten diamond race are Illinois and Wisconsin, each of whom has finished on the long end of the score in five games and on the short end of three others. Last week-end the Badgers made a clean sweep of two victories as *they nosed out the Indiana boys by scores of two to four and seven to six. In their two game series over the week-end the Illini had to content themselves by splitting the series with the Wolverines from Ann Arbor. Having three men among the eleven strongest hitters in the conference, it is little wonder that the Badger team is well up in the conference standings. Winding up last year’s race in only sixth place, the Wisconsin boys are steadily improving their game. Having only one man, Milosevich, among the batters with leading averages, and having finished way down in eighth place a year ago, the Orange and Blue Illini diamondmen have little more to boast over than the fact that they are tied for third place. Also Running In fourth place are the Wolverines from Michigan who have won
Ward 7 To Defend Track Title Today In Ross-Ade Bowl starting promptly at 4 o’clock today, the Ward track meet will be held in Ross-Ade Stadium. Each ward has entered at least one man in each event. Last year’s meet was copped by Ward 7, led by two freshmen Stroyeck and Keim, scored all 25 of their points. Three teams, Cary Hall 7, Cary Hall 3, and Ward 2, tied for the runner-up position with 13 counters. Members of the winning team and all men scoring 5 points will receive medals. Scoring will be as follows: first place, 5 points; second, 3 points; third, 2 points and 1 for fourth. Following are the events and the time they will be run off: 100 yard run, 4:10; pole vault and high jump, 4:15; one mile run, 4:20; 220 yard dash, 4:30; 120 yard high hurdles, 4:40; 440 yard run, broad jump, and shot put, 4:50; half mile relay, 5:00; 220 yard low hurdles, 5:20; and the half mile, 5:30. Beta Sigma Psi . . . announces the election of the following officers for next year: President, R. H. Bergstedt; 1st Vice President, G. S. Bradac; 2nd VicePresident, P. E. Schnedler; Recording Secretary, H. R. Resner, Corresponding Secretary, T. W. Schu.lenborg; Treasurer, J. J. Vana; Social Chairman, E. E. Passow; CoRush Chairman, A. P. Schnaible.
three and lost three games, and the Ohio State Buckeyes who have won two of the four games they have started. Next comes Purdue With a record of two games won and three lost. With two games yet to be played with the Michigan team, the Bolermaker squad still has a chance to better its standing. Below the Riveter nine in conference standings range diamond squads from Indiana, Chicago, and Minnesota.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Suppliot
o Professional
"DEAC* Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Cfinlc nt PAUL A RISK DfLLlTTHKR ARMK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th » Main Mimw r?t1
• Locksmith
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, dMk locks, night latches and padlock*, Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPTS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
o Dina
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COPPei 5c
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUAUrr MILK Phone 46214
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main , Phone 2777
• Jowolert
Hayi feweliy Company East Side of Sqiiara FINE JEWELRY at Moderate PrtoM
Outfittere for Fratemitiee end Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
Taking up their schedule again after rain washed out Monday’s match at DePauw, the Boilermaker tennis squad defeated Armour Tech 5-2 on the University courts yesterday afternoon. Captain Fuente and Hebbeler again paced their mates to victory, taking the number one and number two singles matches respectively, and then teaming to win the number one
doubles.
Lange of the visitors, gave Hebbeler plenty of trouble the first two sets, but suddenly became ill and was forced to default to the Boilermaker number two man. A doctor’s examination revealed that Lange had been playing with a temperature of 102 and that his left lung was congested. The stricken player was rushed to the train by his coach to climax a rather sorry day for the Armour forces.
paldakuL
^hoiai
Vr Kobert J. DecksrdI PANIC OF 1940
The Panic of 1929 hasn’t a Chinaman’s chance of showing us the current panic occurring in New York City, where the New York Yankees and Giants, respectively, are taking a slide down from their usual pretty good perches in the major league baseball crown chase. —^fc— The Gothamites are rearing mad . . . Their favorites ,are roaming around Polo Grounds and Yankee Stadium like simple “Clucks” looking potent as 3.2 beer And to top it off, a loquacious neighbor of theirs is stealing the show right from under their elongated noses, which usually sticks up in the ozone higher’n a cat’s back ... Of course, this department is referring to the everacrobatic Brooklyn Dodgers. —^fc— And in St. Louis, the panic is appreciated appreciably as much. The Cardinals, a good bet before the season was inaugurated, have folded up like an opera hat . . . And at their present pace, the Red Birds will be lucky to finish ahead of the Philadelphia Phillies, who settle for eighth annually. —^fc— It isn’t that the Yanks, Giants, and Cards don’t possess strength waving the wand or slinging the sphere across the plate ... It has been a matter up to date of doing one well, and doing away with the other . . . There seems to be no synchronization of the two functions for any one of the trio... The result is—well, take a look at the standings. —^fc— The Yanks and Giants are potentially two of the best teams in the current fight . . . Hitting power is evident . . . Good mound work is just as evident . . . But poor pitching up to date has just about “stripped the gears” of the machines when power steps up to the plate. . . . And puttijig this conversely will explain the situation just as well. —^fc— In the meantime, the Dodgers ramble right around as do Boston’s
Andy In A Slump Anderson, Riveter number three man, was decidedly off his game as he dropped a three-set match to Wagner. The local boy looked good enough the first set, but a sixteen game second set seemed to tire him considerably and he faded rapidly, managing to salvage only a pair of games from the Chicagoan’s third set rally. Doubles Match Dropped Berg and Meihaus likewise looked listless as .they dropped the number two doubles match. Meihaus seemed to have contracted “double-faulti-tis,” as plenty of points slipped the wrong way by this route. The Armour pair had an uncanny ability to keep the ball in play, returning seemingly irretrievable smashes from the racquets of the tiring Boilermaker team. This dynamic playing by Wagner and Schultz gave the visitors their final victory of the day. Clear Sailing Other matches found the Boilermakers holding the upper hand and at no time was the victory of the squad in doubt. Now Coach La Bree must take his boys to Iowa Thursday for a triangular meet the following day with the Hawkeyes and Illinois. The summary: Fuente (P) defeated Natincheka (A), 6-2, 6-3; Hebbeler (P) defeated Lange (A), 6-1, 3-6, 6-0 (last set default); Wagner (A) defeated Anderson (P), 2-6, 9-7, 6-2; Lucht (P) defeated Schultz (A), 6-3, 0-6, 6-3; Richards (P) defeated Dunworth (A), 6-1, 6- 0; Fuente and Hebbeler (P) defeated Natinchek and Dunworth (A) 7- 5, 6-1; Wagner and Schultz (A) defeated Berg and Heihaus (P) 5-7, 6-2, 6-2.
Red Sox, Cleveland’s Indians, and Cincinnati’s Reds.' And the panic, the Cothamites, and Gas House goes on and on for the followers of Gang . . . The revival is when? Where? You guess!
GRIN AND BEAR IT
iy Uchfy
“Fifteen years I been a mover, lady, and never do I break a plain ordinary dish—always it’s gotta be a priceless family heirloom!”PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday. May 8, 1940
Jjuml^ Jalk
Congratulations
... to the sixteen freshmen and sophomores, who yesterday were chosen representatives to the Student Senate. As Senate Representatives it will be your duty to bring the problems from your schools to the Senate. To make the Senate the representative body of the University students you should fulfill this one duty. —J. H. McK. ToOurDesk . . . yesterday came a carbon copy of a letter sent to Eth Baugh, president of the Lafayette Rotary Club, on the success of the State convention held here last week. It was a success. Willis B. Dye, ’04, of Kokomo, wrote, . . your conference eclipsed anything that has ever been held in Indiana . . . you were provided with the finest type of young Americans in having the whole student body of Purdue University to draw from. “A1 Stewart’s choir, the military review, Norma Ballard, Emrick’s Purdue band. Zouaves, the floor show, and I believe the most outstanding, the Youth Forum, were fine.” To the above congratulations. You are all ambassadors of “good will” for Purdue. —J. H. McK.
Guest columnists again. Yes there are two of us this time. We figure that if two heads are better than one too many cooks ought to spoil the broth so it comes out even. —B & B— After the all-campus show we are wondering if Bennie Burns will graduate. It seems the dear boy is afraid to show his face on the campus! However, his interpretation of an Englishman was excellent. (Be seeing you around next year, Bennie.) —B & B— We are wondering who the five little men were who kept whipping the pianos off the stage all the time. Angelo should have had roller skates so he could have made his trip across the stage in less time. —B & B— Having a nasty disposition, your B & B editors wanted to sit in the front row and suck a lemon while the orchestra was playing. EXPLANATION: Have you ever watched a fellow suck a lemon and not literally drool at the mouth ? —B & B— Too bad more of the Kappas have not been to the Hawaiian isles. Maybe they could have gotten up a quartet of hula dancers and won the show. However, this is not a reflection on the Sig Eps for they had a good skit. Incidentally, the piano player with tfiem was tops in comedy. —B & B— You Pin ’Em We Tell ’Em Dept. The latest barren chest man is Freddy Douglas, Fiji, who pinned (and they say it was the first try) Ann Beard, Kappa to be. W’hile the cat’s away the mice will be rats. KDR Bob Jolls hung his badge on Delta Gam Mary Margaret Schoenover Saturday night. Mary Margaret had just given back the old boy friend’s ring. He should never have gone to Indianapolis to work after graduating. —B & B — Cary Hall is proud that they carried on a boress for 84 hours, but at our house we have had a boress going on for 20 years! Incidentally, the pickled herring of the week will go to the fellow who gives us bona fide facts concerning the origin of the name boress. (Hint: They say there is a Frenchman mixed up in it.) Sigma Alpha Epsilon . . . announces the election of the following olficeis: President, Donald Douglass; Vice President, Thomas Peppier; Recordei, John Croxall; Corresponding Secretary, A1 Cioxall; Warden, Norman Melzer; Herald, Hal Schumacher; Chx-onicler, Charles Dyson; Chaplain, William Neff; Social Chaiiman, Frank Habicht; Athletic Manager, Laban Southmayd.
Corps Historical Summary Reveals Career Of War Suspensions
Collegians Elsewhere By Bill Heaton From the University of Alabama come the results of a poll to determine students’ Cjhoice of artists they would like to have appear on their concert series next year. Lawrence Tibbett led the list for the all-school vote. Second on the list was Orson Welles, radio’s bogey man. “A symphony orchestra” was third, and Mrs. Franklin D. Roosevelt, fourth. Next in oi-der came Warden Lewis E. Lawes of Sing Sing; Grace Moore, Nino Martini, Richard Crooks, Eve Curie and The Westminster Choir. (We pause to wonder where Jepson came in.) * !i * Off The Grape Vine Walsh, 407: "Please, father, could I have a week-end?” Rector: “Ah, yes, your grandmother, I suppose!” 407: “Exactly, father, she is making her first parachute jump this week-end.” —Notre Dame Scholastic.
We Don’t Get It Glancing through the Sarah Lawrence Campus, we ran across this little item, quote: A glaring misprint in the PURDUE exponent reveals that the college is about to give Victor Herbert’s famous show “Sweethearts.” And unquote. ^ We’ll take the matter up with them if we ever get there on an inspection tour. + + * Registration Card Name—Mabel. Address—Here. Age—Once a year. Parents—Mother and Father. Where graduated — From auditorium stage. When graduated — Commencement night. Class standing—So was I. Course—Due East. Color of eyes—Bloodshot. Color of hail’—Changes too often. Weight—Wait yourself. I’m in a hurry. —Alabamian. * * * True To Form Desk Sergeant: “A college student, eh?” Prisoner: “Yes, sm.” Patrolman: “It’s a stall. I searched his pockets and found some money in them.” —Notre Dame Scholastic. * Heard This One? The cub reporter was always being bawled out by the editor for going too much into detail and not being brief. The next day the reporter turned in this story: “Last night, Beekman Arbuthnot, a guest at Snyder Endicott’s, complained of feeling ill, took a drink, his hat, his coat, his departure, no notice of his friends, a taxi, a pistol from his pocket, his life, and hiS leave from this world.” —Fordham Ram.
Tomorrow, another inspection of Purdue’s Reserve Officers Training Corps will take place on intramural field, weather man permitting, and so we have taken a few minutes to look back into the history of the corps. It, like all of Purdue’s departments, has a very colorful and interesting history. The corps brings to Purdue another first; it is the largest motorized ROTC unit in the United States and has received the highest rating the War Department gives. Excellent, for many yeax’s. In order that you may better enjoy the review tomorrow as you watch it, here is a short summary of that history. Started In 1876 The Corps had its inception in 1876 when, as a company of infantry it was drilled under Dr. Harvey W. Wiley, of the faculty. Soon after, it ceased to fvmction until 1887 when it was reorganized. In 1888, the first regular army officer was detailed as commandant, a First Lieutenant Andrew Pickering, Infantry. The Corps at this time consisted of 92 men, 76 in the Infantry Company and 16 in the Field Artillery Platoon. They drilled two hours a week in an old wooden building which had been converted into an armory. Compulsory Training In 1891 it was called to the attention of the University officials that military training was compulsory, and this was promptly enforced by President Smart. This ruling brought the strength of the corps to 1057 by 1894 when it was organized into a battalion of infantry. During the administration of First Lieutenant Samuel W. Miller from 1891 to 1898, there was organized a band of 12 pieces, a cycle section, a signal detachment, a platoon of Field Ar-
tillery, and four companies of Infantry. The unit was suspended from May, 1898, until March, 1902, because of the Spanish American war. Six members of the class of 1899 served in the Spanish American war as volunteers. By 1909 the Corps consisted of a regiment of Infantry, a battery of Field Ai'tillery and a 40 piece band, and was now recognized as one of the largest in the United States. Reenact Tippecanoe In 1911, on November 7, the Corps re-enacted the Battle of Tippecanoe at the Battle Ground Centennial before a crowd of 60,000 persons. Sometime after this, the Purdue Battery Became a Militia unit and saw service along the border during the Mexican trouble, and was complimented by the commanding offiicer as being the best drilled and disciplined unit there. On February 24, 1916, the old fx-ame building which had been used as an armory, caught fire and burned to the ground, probably from one of the old coal stoves that had been left burning over night. On May 25, the contract was let for the construction of the new Armory,
Motorized Unit In the school year of 1917-18, a senior unit of the ROTC was formed for the first time. This unit was suspended from June 30, 1918, to January 1, 1919, and then steps were taken to organize a motorized unit of Field Artillery. This organization was completed late in the spring of that year. The new armory was completed in 1918 at the cost of $200,000. During the war, 3868 Purdue stdents, graduates and faculty members were in the service. On Max’ch 3, 1919, an all Field Artillery ROTC unit was organized with an enrollment of 850 students. In 1924, the unit, which was by now a brigade of Field Artillery, received twelve 75mm guns and three 155mm howitzers, and had an enrollment of 1214 men. Another Fire Friday, January 13,1918, was another fatal day in the history of the Corps. Starting from spontaneous combustion, a fire swept through the north end of the Armory damaging much equipment. As a result, the Armory was repaired and enlarged in order to facilitate vehicle movement and corps drill.
Since that time, there has been constant improvement in thd methods of instruction, and equipment. The Corps has continued to gjrow in size until at the present time there is an enrollment of approximately 2300 students in the corps, who are being handled by a staff of 15 officers and 24 enlisted men.
Purdue Exponent
R. E. InaleT. W. B. StniflL
BoaiMM BbUMgar
Publiahed df Ur exe^ Mondair dntiBS th« •eademitt yiiit. EnUM aii itodai elaM inat. t«r at the ofBof IndlMS. under the Act ot CongreH et Mmim t, 1871, end «t the meelnl mte ot poawc* iHrairMad (or in Bo^ioa 1101, Aet ot Qetebar I. 1917, •nthorUM JanOarr 20, 1901. anf>R|ueNTaD for national AoveRTiaiNa ev National AdvertismgService, Inc. CoUh* PuUUh*n k0prtftnlmHv 4SO MADiaON AVC. New YblPc. M. Y. CRicAM > OoBTOR • lob ARMiia - tAR raARaMee Pellrered far carrier. $8 vcr aaademle rear; hr maU. $8.60. SuaineH eftlea locate^t 812 N. Fifth Street: e^rtal Uiilon BnUdinB; aporte olfteo. FkM Hiwoa
Night Editor Ass’t. Night Editor Day Editor
Smith Davidow FUnkhonser
You Can't Beat.
e •
lAusic tstayet*®'
Q your of
verS ^ n+vier 'tVP tVie
s Vloe ^ fhau uuY
fd aPP"®’'set a . on a blBl'
‘ nave .
,.ecora pX If
d a^PP^^fot a ne« ■ecords* g.j,5 so
^ecorA V UuS^^® ois uud. ^ ■to coS^* since o^PP-^'Sd ot ^
as a PPll^ftalnlV
...cniatlPP- t 11 “fAllrmoP <
the trlPlS’
T-afay-
ellP ““Tp P- “"’^POPP^
Exponeut
^ ^ vourSe Hlanage^
cincerely (Naders,
Facts the Purdue Exponent
BUSINESS PHONE 5038