mmi
" ''ks
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
WEDNESDAY March 16,1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 138
Prom Committee To Put 600-700 Limit On Tickets “As nearly as I can say at present, tickets for Prom will be limited to between 600 and 700,” stated Prom Committee Chairman R. M. Sasser last night following an announcement that 1120 permits had been issued. He also said that some 350 tickets have already been paid for at the University cashier’s office. — ■III! The remaining tickets will be
Journalists' Honorary To Award Prizes For Best News Stories
For contributors of best articles published in Purdue publications, Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, inaugurates this week a series of regular prize awards. Two prizes a week will be presented to worthy writers for the Exponent, while prizes will be given on each of the other publications either monthly, or as often as an issue of the publication is put out. First Exponent prizes will be awarded next Tuesday night, with the winners’ names appearing in Wednesday morning’s paper. All students as well as staff members, will be eligible to compete each week. Of the two Exponent awards, one will be made to the writer of the best “feature” story on any timely subject. The other prize will be given to the best news writer of the week. In addition to these awards, a grand prize will pe given each month to the writer whose work is judged “all-around best.” Women's Club Hobby Show Opens Today Including textiles, knitting, handweaving, china, hooked-rugs, maps, books, and foreign dolls, the hobby show sponsored by the home economics section of the Purdue Women’s Club and located in the faculty lounge of the Union Building will be opened to the public today at 2 o’clock. A program, under the direction of Miss Margaret Beeman, of the home economics school, is scheduled for 2:30 and will include several hobby talks. Miss Marion Willoughby, of the clothing and textile department, will tell of her collection of foreign dolls. Prof. Laurentza Schantz-Hansen, head of the applied design department, will discuss her hobby of collecting children’s books. Prof. E. J. Kohl, of the biology department, will display a number of his photographs.
Business Training Course Exponent business staff freshmen meet in the Union tower room at 7:15 tonight for the first training course meeting. Attendance will be taken. —MILLER.
distributed to the first persons who present a Prom permit and $4 to Cashier Hollensbe in his office in the Executive Building. A complimentary ticket will go to the student, either lower or upperclassman, who submits th;e best detailed plans for ballroom decorations, together with a cost estimate to Sully Mason today. The total cost may not exceed $200. Exponent To Conduct Training Course For Freshman Workers After combing the ranks of the campus fraternities, co-operative houses, PIA, and other University organizations, David C. Miller, business manager of the Exponent, announced last night that nearly 60 freshmen had evidenced an interest in either the editorial or business staffs of the campus daily. Anyone not yet enrolled may attend
the meetings.
“These 60 freshmen are to go thiough a form of training course consisting of five lectures in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building,” Miller said. The first lecture will be given this evening at 7:15 by Dr. J. E. Walters, University director of personnel. Dr. Walters will speak on “Activities,” pointing out the connection between campus activities and success in later life.
Staff Speakers
The second talk, also at 7:15 p. m. will be given tomorrow by the four Exponent staff heads, J. E. Brock, D. C. Miller, M. C. Reeves, and R. R. Hensler, who will explain the duties of each staff to the embryo journalists. An open discussion will follow. Three lectures next week will conclude the training schedule. According to Business Manager Miller, T. R. Johnston, head of the University’s publicity department, will give a talk on “Jommalism,” and Professor 0. C. Trimble, of the education and applied psychology department, will speak on “The Psychologoical Aspects of Salesmanship,” stressing the benefits incurred through a salesman’s contacts with others. Hockema To Speak Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the President, will give the final talk Friday evening, March 25, in the tower room. His topic will be “Salesmanship,” a subject he is teaching this semester. From the freshmen who show the most interest and promise. Exponent staff heads will select those who will work on the Exponent. Acacia Fraternity... . . . announces the initiation of G. S. Pease, J. G. Richards, R. J. Horth, C. F. Bowman, P. C. Hardy, Jr., and A. L. Sams. F. L. Zimmerman was also pledged.
Debris Sales To Stop March 24 Book Will Go To Press Before Spring Vacation
Thursday, March 24 has been set as the absolute deadline for Debris subscriptions, according to a statement made yesterday by yearbook officials. No more books will be printed than are ordered by next Thursday. The price is now five dollars. ~ Proofs from the parts of the Debris already set-up have been received from the Haywood Publishing Company, Lafayette, where the yearbook is being printed. The job will be completed and put on thq presses before spring vacation. Time still remains to submit photographs for the 13-page snapshot section, which at the present
time is the only part of the book not yet finished. According to Business Manager Siebenthal, 100 more Debris must be sold to pull this year’s enterprise out of the red. Following the example of yearbooks of previous years, no advertisements will appear. Ads were discontinued several years ago, when it was decided that they lowered the quality and appearance of the book. Containing approximately 448 pages and 60 per cent more pictures than last year’s book, the '38 Debris will be distributed about the third week in April.
^Of Thee I Sing^ Staff Witnesses NU^s Production Two schools with but a single production . . . such was the case considered by faculty sponsors of our all-campus show, “Of Thee I Sing,” when they visited the dress rehearsal of Northwestern University’s play of the same name, earlier this week at Evanston, 111. “If you want to quote me accurately on my honest impressions of the two shows, simply say that anyone seeing our version of it is getting a bargain,” said H. Kenn Carmichael last night when asked to compare the two productions. Mrs. Carmichael, who accompanied the critics to the Windy City, ventured to say that she thought the other show had “more good looking beauties in it . . . but the singing couldn’t compare with ours.” They Have Larger Cast About the Northwestern “Of Thee I Sing,” Carmichael answered the questions by saying “They have a much larger stage but the cast is also larger, so the production problems are about the same as ours . . . their budget is about five times as large as ours which enabled them to publicize the play more . . . '. Evanston was plastered with ads . . . consequently they are sold out for the rest of the run.” “Their best seats are priced at $1.50 to $2 while ours are 75 cents,” stated John Dietrich, also present at Northwestern, who predicts a sell-out here by Friday night. AAUW Will Elect Officers Tonight V Election of officers, followed ,by the presentation of two one-act plays, constitute the program that is planned by the recent-graduate branch of the American Association of University Women for their regular monthly meeting tonight at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Officers for the coming year will be elected at the business meeting, names being introduced by the nomination committee as well as from the floor. The new officers will be installed next fall, with the present officers continuing through the remaining spring meetings. CummiiisWinsAnnigal
Reamers Take 20 Pledges
Anxious Frosh Jump Gun; Burn Pots In Traditional Baffle Advancing the hour more and more each year treshmen last night, a day ahead of their own schedule, formed on rain-soaked Stuart Field and I burned their pots. Sophomores kicked out the fire once early in the evening, but the freshman reorganized about 10:30 and came back strong. Shouting gangs of freshmen stormed fraternity row and forcefully released fellow classmen being held in the Sigma Nu and Sigma Chi houses. Other fights raged over the entire campus but the pots, symbol of the underdog, were burned about 11 o’clock. Due to misunderstanding and the usual lack of leadership and cooperation, only about one-third of the potential pot-burners got out to the fire. Sophomore interference and the usual all-night battles in many fraternity houses prevailed. Pot-burning is a tradition of the freshman class which up to this year was held some time on St. Patrick’s Day, yet a day away. Camera Club To Show Others How Ws Done Tonight Following the example of the Ag school, the Camera Club has inaugurated a four weeks’ short course, the first lesson being given this evening at 7:15 in room B of the Union Building. Tonight’s class will be conducted by Joseph C. Osborn, instructor in applied mechanics, who will talk on exposures, kinds of films, and the theory of cameras. This lecture is to be accompanied by a demonstration. March 24, Osborn will give an illustrated lecture on simple development, fixing, and printing. “Enlarging” will be the subject for discussion by Osborn April 5; this lecture will be given in an improvised darkroom and photographic enlargements actually made. “Studio night” will close the course on April~12.
W«manToTalkOn
Ercell Cummins was voted the student most deserving of the senior forestry award at a meeting of the Purdue Forestry Club last night in the Horticulture Building. This annual presentation is based upon scholarship, popularity, neatness, and interest in forestry. Other business taken up at the meeting included a discussion' on the Forestry Club banquet. Staff To Hear Reports At Meeting Monday Night An engineering staff meeting will be held Monday evening at 7:30 o’clock in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building. A progress report will be made by Prof. C. A. Ellis, chairman of the committee on mathematics; C. W. Caldwell, chairman of the committee on physics, will also give a progress report. Dean Potter urges all members of the teaching, research, and extension staffs to attend this meet-
ing.
Heavy Rainfall Raises Wabash Because of abnormal rainfall during the past 24 hours, the river has risen 0.7 feet, reported T. H, Hill, assistant University weather recorder. At 4:30 p. m. yesterday, the reoordied rainfall since 7:30 a. m. was 0.49 inches, whereas the average rainfall for 24 hours is only 0.1 inches.
ishina Books
“Behind the Stage in a Publishing Company” will be the subject of a talk to be given by Mrs. Jessica B. Mannon, a representative of the Bobbs-Merrill Publishing Company, Indianapolis, in the reception room of the Union at 7:30 p. m. today. Samples showing steps in the complete construction of a book will illustrate the talk. Mrs. Mannon will point out the pi’ogress in publishing made by the Bol^bs-Merrill company which is celebrating its one-hundredth anniversary this year. The talk is non-technical and questions may be asked. All students and faculty members are invited to attend by Sully Mason, Union vice-president in charge. Greek Sororifies To Begin Weekly Desserf Exchanges Dessert parties between Greek letter sororities will start tomorrow night and continue evefy Thursday for the ilext six weeks. Pan-Hellenic council members have initiated the dessert-exchange custom for the purpose of securing closer ties between sororities. This week the Thetas and Pi Phis are exchanging desserts, the Chi Omegas and Phi Mus, and the Alpha Chi Omegas and Alpha Xi Deltas. Kappas are not holding a party this week because of their courtesy week.
Ross Presides Over Session In Which 20 Juniors Are Nominated; Pledge Period To Begin Next Week Reamer Club, athletic booster honorary, selected 20 University juniors last night as spring pledges. With President Malcolm Ross presiding, the nominating session followed a general get-acquainted meeting of active members and prospective pledges at which coffee and doughnuts were served. New pledges include: Stephen —" ■'
Bacharach, Robez’t Bushong, Eldon Carr, Dwight Cottingham, Charles Dixon, William Feldman, Alden Knapp, Walter Lahey, William Lid-
gard, John Mazur.
Others were: Robert Meier, Roger Middleton, William Morris, Joseph Ogle, Vance Schweitzer, Anthony Sokolowski, Robert Thatcher, Earl Tyner, Marvin Woodruff,
and Barton Wright. Chosen From 49
• Reamer’s 20 member-elects were chosen from a list of 49 junior men named by the actives at the club’s preceding session. The new men will start into a pledge period next week and will be initiated later in
the spring.
Senior members of Reamer Club will remain active until election of 1938-39 officers. Only during the period between spring initiation and elections will both present seniors in the organization and the new pledges serve as active mem-
bers.
Co-eds Debate In Western Conference Meet At Wisconsin Charlotte Lochner, Elizabeth Meier, and Mary Wien, members of the University’s co-ed negative debate team, left yesterday to take part in the Western Conference Debate tournament being held at the University of Wisconsin. This conference is comprised of Big Ten schools. Debating the resolution, “That the Several States Should Adopt a Uniform Marriage Law,” the University team will make use of the practice received when it met debate teams from Michigan and Northwestern in no decision debates on the same subject, last week-end. Debate Coach L. S. Winch and his wife’accompanied the team to Madison. Highway, Research Men To Study Local Project Earl Crawford, chairman of the State Highway Commission, Howard Atcheson, and T. A. Dicus, all of Indianapolis, will be here to confer with University officials at 10 o’clock today in the Civil Engineering Building. A. A. Potter, dean of the engineering and Dr*. W. K. Hatt, director of highway research for the University, will discuss with the highway officials various phases of the highway research project being carried on jointly by the University and State Highway Commission.
Ag Dance Sponsors Vote To Create New Student Loan Fund Advance ticket sales for the second All Ag dance to be held m the Memorial Union ballroom Friday night total approximately 85 sales, dance sponsors announced last
night.
Sponsored by agricultural honoraries, the object of the dance is to furnish an occasion for an informal get-together of agricultural students and staff members. Sponsoring organizations have agreed I hat any profit from the enterprise will go to the establishment of a student loan fund tor agricul-
tiual students.
No such separate loan fund is available for agricultural students at the present time. The fund will be made a permanent fixture of the school, and additions would be made annually if possible. Lou Schilling and his campus orchestra have been engaged to play for the dance, and tickets may be secured at $1 each from members of Alpha Zeta, Ceres, and Xi
Sigma Pi.
Lawyer Speaks At Last Marital Talk Charles H. Robertson, Lafayette attorney, yesterday afternoon concluded the present series of senior marital lectures with a discussion of the “Legal Aspects” of marriage. His lecture took the place of “Marriage From the Viewpoint of a Woman Physician,” by Dr. Straus who was forced to cancel her engagement because of illness. Over 400 eds and co-eds attended the talk, which was given in the lecture room of the Education Building. “It was very interesting; they kept him until a quarter of six with their questions,” said Prof. O. F. Hall, of the education and applied psychology department, who is in charge of this year’s lecture series. Robertson stressed the four differences between a marriage contract and a civil contract, noting that a marriage contract is between three parties—the husband, the wife and the state.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Rain and slightly colder Wednesday; Thursday fair and warmer. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 51; low, 35; mean, 43.
6.5ers Tell Exponent Scribe How It's Done All Attribute Perfect Grades to ‘Good Luck*
By Don Terrio Consensus of opinion among the 6.5ers, three of whom were contacted last night by telephone, was that perfect grades are “just a matter of luck.” We talked to lucky scholars Joe Waling, Robert Munro, and Don Martin; although Les Finkelstein was out. All are independent students. Waling, a senior in the civil school, took a 4'.99 and a 4.97 during his first two semesters, and said the inch-that-seems-a-mile didn’t bother him. Undaunted, he has been on the distinguished list ever since. When called at 10:10 p. m., he professed to be in his pajamas and ready for bed, as he usually quits work at 10 or 10:30. Said he, “Oh,
how does anybody do it? — just luck.” Don Martin said, “It’s hard to say, a lot of luck, I guess.” Don is taking organic option in the chemical school, and is a junior . . . has made distinguished student in each semester. He usually quits work at 10:30 to 11:30, and is addicted to bull-sessions, doing little campus dating. Robert Munro, sophomore science student, said, “It’s mostly luck —it just happened, like Topsy. You gotta study for the tests, that’s all.” Wondering about such a position, even though he did make distinguished both semesters last year, he said, “I still speak to my old friends—not at all stuck up.”4
^dUtifuaL
THE PUBDDE EXPONENT
diunufL.
Wednesday, March 18,1938
The Editor Says
Bill's Leaving... the University this morniim. He stopped in the office last niaht foi a paiting handshake, said he’d mad O'- a card when lie icached Bermuda-—or wherevei his lestless feet mmht carry him. Bill came to Purdue from the East last fall and enrolled a-- a freshman in engineering. He had previously attended at least one other institution of higher learnimr—Blown University—and had travelled consideiably both in this country and in Europe. Why he had decided to fuither his schooling here, we never quite fisiured out. Evidently from a wealthy family, Bill didn’t have to woriy about the expense of a college education . . . his folks sent him here with a roll of money and a spoit\ automobile, continued to dispatch generous checks Of course he made “friends” quickly and in great numbers . . . anyone with either a car or an open pocketbook can do that at Purdue, and if you have both you’re a natural. Freshman orientation didn’t accomplish its purpose with Bill ... he never became oriented into the Uni\eisity. His class attendance record became more spotty as the semester w ore on, and he became less mteret-ted. Despite frequent absence from the classloom, however, he ended the semester with fair grades, except in military training—one course you can’t cut and get by with it. Although he was a sort of playboy, Bill had quite a bit of ability . . . but he just didn’t work into the Purdue pictuie. He didn’t take to engineering, and it was a long time before he became used to people and customs here—diffeient fiom his native New York. When he couldn’t find satisfaction in his schoolwork, he tried to find it in Lafayette night life, and probably saw more of that phase of college education than most students see m foui yeais heie. His tiny sailor hat was a familial object in eveiy tavern and restaurant in tow n One night our “Bold and Black” editor picked up the leport that Bill had set up drinks for everyone in the Blazei a couple of nights pieviously and mentioned the fact in his copy foi next day’s column. Bill heard about the item and phoned us about midnight to ask that his paients didn't receive the Exponent for the foilowing day. (We jeiked his father’s name fiom our addressogiaph circulation files—guess w'e had bettei do it again tonight ) Whether he was only a modeiate diinker or could just hold his liquoi well, we don’t know . . . but he nee ei became objectionable because of too much imbibing ... he was ahvays a gentleman, and had the “line” of a cosmopolite. He walked into the Exponent office at 5:30 one morning to find us u icomfortably asleep on a table, insisted on taking us over to Wheeler’s for bacon and eggs, and then drove us home in a taxi . . . wouldn’t leave until we promised to go straight to bed. He had sent his car back to New York for the winter then, and was accustomed to hiring a taxi for hours at a time ... he drove while the driver sat at his side or in the rear seat.
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
^socittted ®bUg]9tate
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subsciiplions $3 per year; by mail $3.60.
Editor-In-Chief
Business Managrer
R. P. Manjon
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor J. E. Brock Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer Associate Editors D. A Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Sophomore Assistants—R. J Deckard, G. W. Frederick, IC. C Houston, R. E. Insley, R. L. Keck, W. A. Kroeplin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A, Torrence, J. C.
Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J. P. Girard National Adveitising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Adveitising Manager R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF R F. Obenchain J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald,
B. D. Witwor
Editor
Associate Editors
Editor
Associate Editors
MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St , Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 5038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memoiial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is wiitten, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue Univeisity. All opinions in it, unless otherwise acciedited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-m-chief Wednesday, March 16, 1938 Night Editor—Hardin Issue Editor—Houston
We have expected Bill’s departure from the University for some time. He called us at the office at 2:30 a. m. about three weeks ago to say he had decided to return to New York, was just waiting on a long distance call fiom there at the time. For a half hour we urged him to finish the semester, but didn’t know until thiee days later that oiu efforts had any effect ... he thanked us. Last night he phoned ovei again—early this time— and said he was going foi certain this time. A few minutes latei he came in for a brief good-bye. Says Pill, “I haven’t been going to school much anyway, so I thought I might as well head south for Bermuda, or someplace where I can have a good time.” Bill didn’t, and couldn’t, fit himself to the University . . . and, of course, the Univeisity doesn’t tiy especially to fit itself to the student. There was nothing for him to do but leave. Bill gets around a lot . . . we are sure we’ll look up some night to see the tiny sailor hat and the friendly smile that belong only to him.
collegiate
Men vho stand high in college studies have more children than those of low standing. Even so, college men are a dying race from the point of view of having enough children to reproduce their kind, according to a Brown University report. In a group studied at Brown, including all grades of scholarship, it was found that less than 40 per cent can be “expected to be fully represented in the next generation. C—C—C Uncle Sam, despite the allegations of some youth groups, has been doing pretty well by his nieces and nephews m schools and colleges. Figuies just assembled indicate that more than $54,000,000 has been paid out to students ihiough the National Youth Administration’s student aid program. This amount covers the period from September, 1935, to November, 1937. Collegp students received moie than ani’’ othei group of paiticipant--. Of the moie than $54,000,000, college students were paid $29990,100; or enough to pay 59,980 $500 scholai ships This in addition to $2,100,870 that went to the giaduate .students The earnings df the vaiious types of students present quite a contrast. In November, 1937, high school students averaged earning $4.48; college students averaged $11.93, and graduate scholars an average of $17.76. C—C—C Seven-months-old Stephen S. Gassett of Needham, Mass., is one of the youngest collegians on record. Steve has a four-yeai scholarship waiting for him when he can use it. The scholarship was offered by the class of 1912 for the
What, Where, When?
Although our caption doesn’t say so, we often worry our readers with the “how” of a social point. When a boy or girl must lise we explained yesterday. How is a harder, more troublesome point, but we’re going to try anyway. To rise for a girl or a woman is distinctly a flattering gesture. Is any girl so blase that she doesn’t feel a thrill when a gioup of boys rises as she epters the room ? But the attitude of mob rising at time-> approaches the precision of a military command—it is no longei flatteringly attentive but is coldly aloof—a seemingly necessary gesture with no meaning. So, boys and girls, next time you 1 use when an older person enters the loom, don’t 'just pop up like wooden soldieis and remain as put. Make him feel that you mean it w'hen you use; step forward or backwaid w’ith some small, slight gesture oi word of gieeting. Notice that the giacious, poised members of your gioup make these btile gestuies that point them out as more than military soldier boys. benefit of the first grandson born to a member of the class. C—C—C The Arkansas Traveler, student newspapei of the University of Arkansas, is doing its part to solve the unemployment problem. A. free agency established on the campus by the paper offers to interested townspeople the services of students as tutors, typists, odd-job men, nurse maids, chauffeurs, store clerks, dish-washers, and yvaiters.
Personnel Notes
First contrib to be entered in Bold and Black’s Purdue Poetry Week, the following modest ditty merits publication even though it IS agin our principles to print anything but the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth . . .
.... IT’S A LIE! It’s all a lie—I’ll have to confess, “The Activities Boys” was my pop’s no less. I mean the contrib which won three passes. And brought down acclaim from the masses. It was my old man who did the work, Truth will out—my duty I’ll not shirk. This is on the level—every bit You’ll have to admit my pop’s quite a wit. That’s the second time you guys have bitten. Have you no scruples ’bout what you’re printin’? The first offense could be excused, A poem that did our language abuse. But this second attempt has gone too far, Hi-ya boys, how do you like my pawr ? ” Can’t >ou guys see he’s havin’ fun All at the expense of his only son. He must think I have no spine. So I’ll just match him line for line. Trying to say we sleep thru our classes, And that we’re the teiror with all the lasse.s. How we attend society teas. And with OLU manners are so at ease. We’ll stick together—to arms, boys And we’ll put a stop to this downstate noise. Now I’ve said—^I’d better not go home, So I’ll redeem mjself—it >vas a darn good pome.
Said a StioLid twin on the edge of the Grand Canyon: “I’m happy about the hole thing!”
Company: Allis-Chalmers Mfg. Co., Tractor Division, Milwaukee, Wis. Representative: W. F. Ritter, Industrial Sales Department. Interested In: ME and EE seniors. Literature on the company and employment for seniors available in the main offices, ME and EE schools. Ritter may visit Purdue soon.
Company: Serrick Corporation, John Lees Division, Muncie. ? V Products: Metal moldings and stampings.' Representative S. D. Murphy, vice-president. Visiting Purdue: Soon. Interviewing: ME seniors for sales engineering and for development engineering and tool design. Those interested should sign up in Professor Young’s office.
Company: Burroughs Adding Machine Co. Representative: May be on the campus today. Interested In: Science and engine Jiing seniors who have had at least one course in accounting. Interested students should sign in the main office of the school this morning. Sigma Phi Epsilon... . . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: president, Thomas B. Glazebrook; vice-president, Russell Pratt; pecretary, William H. Farquharson; comptrollei’, William E. Smith; and historian, Don R. Wray.
COLORS Blue Black Green Beige White
SIZES 4 to 9 Widths AAAA to B
HIGIJ STEPPING IN... tm
cfojdbA. LO EB & H E NE COAAPANY Second Floor Shoe Salon
‘Well, well, it’s a small world, Emma—I want you to meet a neighbor—lives spang in the next State to us.”
Dr. Pyke Warns Against ‘Yellow Crawler^ Peril “Yellow Ciawlers”—that’s the name Dr. F. L. Pyke, Lafayette, would apply to those automobile drivers who innocently or knowingly straddle the center yellow road line, or edge over into the pedestrian’s pathway, which may be carefully marked with yellow lines, while waiting for stop signs
ROLLER SKATING EVERY NIGHT MAPLE POINT ROLLER RINK 4 Miles Road 52 Lafayette, Ind.
ARC
-LAST DAY
W y n n » G i b — also — ‘WILD WEST DAYS’
Starting Thurs.—Fri.—Sat. “THE PAINTJED STALLION’
NOW SHOWING A MIHACLE OF gViOTION AMP ES^OTiON...Disney'^ \ first full-length production!
Dr. Pyke, a local Kiwanian, told his fellow club members this week that such drivers often confuse the obeying motorists who wish to make a left turn, and also may be the cause of many accidents. He said he offered the label after talking with several of his business friends and associates.
-LAST DAY—
7 m STMSI 10 HIT TUHES! 1,000 HOWLS! The M-G-M Big Show that has Everything!
Starts Tomorrow
with mm joiis iui¥ muii mm iiioi RECONhLffi mm BILLIE BURRS REGINALD GARDINER LYNNE CARVm
WARREN WILLIAM VIRGINIA BRUCE ARSEN LUPIN RETURNS’ —and— THE JONES FAMILY in “LOVE ON A BUDGET”
IN COLOR -THURS. & FRI — JIMMY DURANTE THREE STOOGES in START CHEERING’/
Wednesday, March 16,1938
THE PURDUE
SpoiiA.
EXPONENT
Tennis Season Looms On Sports Horizon
With the advent of fair weather, the call for tennis candidates has been sounded, and the first meeting of all varsity candidates will be held this afternoon at 4:30 m room 201 of the Fieklhouse. Weather permitting, practice will begin at once on the cement courts. Several veterans will’ be back. Veterans aie Captain M. T. Wakefield, L. Gardner, T. 0. Jackson, C. W. Mann, and F. E. Traylor. Outstanding among other contenders for squad positions are H. A. Fuente and W. F. Berg, both
sophomores, who showed up well last year in freshman tournaments. Along with them are Dan Morse, D. Blitz, G. E. Alexander, and P. T. Cooper, who have shown themselves to be above average in court performance.
SPORTS STAFF All members of the Exponent Sports Staff will meet at 7:30 p.m. Thursday, March 17, in room E of the Union Building.
Volleyball Results From a staiting field of 32 entries, the following teams remain to play off for the championship tonight at 7 o’clock: Phi Pi Phi, Alpha Gamma Rho, Sigma Alpha Mu, Phi Delta Theta, Delta Upsilon, and Theta Xi. Teams having one defeat will play at 6:30 o’clock to determine two finalists. These teams include: Beta Theta Pi, Theta Chi, Alpha Kappa Lambda, Delta Tau Delta, Sigma Nu, Triangle, and Sigma Phi Epsilon.
DECKER’S We Carry a Complete Line of I.E.S. Lamps
Phone 6477
Badger Trackman Sets New Record In Third Start Walter Mehl, University of Wisconsin distance star who woh the Big Ten indooi two-mile championship last week, setting a new record of 9:18.3 for the event, owes his victoiy to an accident in which he suffeied a broken bone in one of his feet. The bone failed to knit propelly when set and an operation was necessary. Mehl, n junior, had always run the half-mile, but when he resdmed training a few weeks ago, Tom Jones, track coach at Wisconsin since 1912, felt that the slower pace of the two-mile would be easier on the injured foot than running the half-mile on indoor tracks, so he started working Mehl for the longer event. In his fiist race, Feb. 26, Mehl won in 9:35. A week later he breezed home in 9:43. The Big Ten title race was only his third at the distance. Mehl won it by a blazing finish and clipped a tenth of a second off the record set by Henry Brocksmith of Indiana in 1932.
Varsity Squad Eyes Fresh Trackmen In Boilermaker trackmen will encounter plenty of opposition this week-end, with the varsity entering the Butler Relays and the freshmen meeting Iowa and Wiscon in a tejegraphic meet. Events for the Iowa and Wisconsin telegraphic meets will be run on Thursday and Friday in the Fieldhouse. Coach Homer Allen stated that this meet should give an indication of the real strength of the yearling squad. In meets so far this season, Holderman, Rankin, and Verink have proven to be consistent point-getters for the frosh
squad.
Varsity tracksters will enter the Butler Relays in Indianapolis, Saturday afternoon and evening. Strong squads from Michigan, Michigan State, Notre Dame, Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio State will be represented at the meet. Purdue will be represented in a majority of the individual events and hopes to enter the two-mile and medley
relays.
Alpha Chi Omega Initiates 19 Pledges Alpha Chi Omega sorority announces the initiation of the following girls: Margaret Amsden, Waldron; Valerie Armstrong, Glen Ellyn, 111.; Mary Ann Ballard, Marion; Ruth Bryant, West Lafayette; Joyce Buinham, West Lafayette; Mary Lou Carter, Indianapolis; Betty Cocking, Indianapolis; Alberta Densford, Indianapolis; Mariam Gustafson, Rockford, 111. Yvonne Holden, Chicago, III.; Bonita House, Dayton; Dorothy Kolar, Chicago, 111.; Mary Jane Kyle, Whiting; Marilyn McElwee, Indianapolis; Grace Reinhart, Kentland; Mary Louise Riley, West Lafayette; Viiginia Royce, Rockville; Eleanor Smith, West Lafayette; and Lois J. Voelkel, Evansville.
Butler Relays; Three-Way Meet Women’s Athletics
Candidates for next year’s WAA officers will be presented and voted on at the WAA mass meeting on Thursday afternoon in the Women’s Gymnasium at 4. Additional nominations may be made from the floor, if the girl making the nomination has her candidate’s qualifications and scholastic average. “All WAA members are urged to come to this meeting to vote on an important revision to the constitution, which IS to be presented at that time,” said Mary Ellen Delaplane, president. A copy of this revision will be posted on the bulletin board Wednesday morning.
ALL-CAMPUS TABLE TENNIS Today—4:00 p. m. Matt Brinduse vs. J. H. Rose. D. E. Wilkins vs. C. F. Ruppert. A. H. Noyes vs. R. W. Michael. R. E. Zieg vs. C. W. Mann. R. A. Fink vs. R. A. Johnson. W. C. Martin vs. D. Blitz. D. W. Herr vs. P. E. Johnson. C. Jackson vs. D. L. Nassau. R. W. Heckel vs. H. W. Weiner. W. J. Hairis vs. R. E. Ulrich. Ward Wrestlers All Ward wrestlers competing in the following weight divisions, report to the wrestling room in the gymnasium at 4 p. m. this afternoon for bouts. Weight 118 pounds, 126 pounds, 135 pounds, 145 pounds and 155 pounds.
Everything cooled and cooked with Electricity in our hew, modern kitchen. Try a broiled steak—prepared in our Edison Broiler.
The efficient floor plan in the kitchen of the (Room. enables us to give you quick, courteous service that will make your meal more enjoyable.
Visit the Chestnut Room —now located on the second floor.
JhsL fiWtdlASL TyismifdaL lAnion.
Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Campus Activities^Cacat CbdUu
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
yioiicaA,
Wednesday, March 16, 1938
Horticulture Sotieiy Co*edsTo Model In Chi Omega Eleds
To Hear Student Talks Spring Style Show
Three junior ag students will talk at a meeting of the Horticulture Society tonight at 7 o’clock in room 202 of the Horticulture Building on vaiious phases of market-
ing.
L. G. Blakei ^Mll discuss marketing flowers; Donald Smith, vegetables; and A E. Weil, apples and related products. Refreshments will be served as usual. PM Department Shows Second Group Of Films “Water Power,” “The Nervous System,” and “The Percussion Group” aie movies being shown by Prof Justus Rising, of the practical mechanics department, in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops today at 4 p m. The same reels veie shown yesterday afternoon. The leel on the neivous system shows results of expeiiments on evidences of electric impulses in the nervous system of a cat. Cancellations Students w^ho wnsh to cancel assignments without grade should do so before Saturday noon, March 19. Cancellation cards may be obtained from heads of depaitments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after March 19 if piopeily approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men.
Dorothy Bryant, president of YWCA, has invited all co-eds to attend the Saint Patrick’s Day Style Show tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge. Rosemary Robinson will furnish piano accompaniment. Miss Vera Swan, buyer for Loeb and Hene, will review the dresses and tell what will be worn this season. Street dresses, suits and accessories will be modeled and there will be a special showing of Prom formals. The models for the show are Louise Bain, Harriet Morris, Martha Norman, Peg Dix, Martha Wood, Virginia Hulse, Mary Petticrew, Rosalie Totten, and Jean Janousek.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
HELP WANTED—College men spend this summer in South America Salaried positions. No special expeiience necessary. Send dime (handling charge) today for astonishing information South American Association, 827 St. Charles Ave , New Orleans, Louisiana.
CAMPUS QUEEN—Who wants a date foi Junior Piom call Jerry Ottenwellei. 3340.
FOR RENT—Large double-room adjoining bath Also one vacancy m front double room overlooking campus Reasonable. 401 State St.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH Itt A Representative of the COLLEGE BOOK CO., Columbus, Ohio will b@ SOUTHWORTH'S BOOK STORE TO PAY CASH FOR SECOND HAND COLLEGE TEXT BOOKS for which you have no further use and WHETHER USED IN YOUR SCHOOLS OR NOT
* the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC'' Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
• Professional The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK ' DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
4th & Mam
Phone 5701
• Beauty Studio • EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special Thurs Fn KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
• Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
• Furnaces
WIDENER & SEEING Furnaces and Plumbing 115 E State, WL Phone 7044
Locksmif-h
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock aerrice onr L. C. N. Door Cloaer Distribatora 208-211 N 5th St, Phone 2828
• Eafs
Try FRANK'S PLACE For Those Good Sandwiches and Hot Chih
111 Vine St
W Lafayette
Martha Smith, West Lafayette, junior home ec, was elected president of the local chapter of Chi Omega sorority for the coming year. Other officers chosen at the same time are Mary Alice Learning, vice-president; Kathryn Merritt, secretary; Rosalee Totten, treasurer; Pauline George, pledge mistress ; Beth McCool, rush chairman; and Phyllis Crossman, social chair-
man.
Notices No Notioea Accepted After S |
tory, economica and government will be given Saturday, March 19, at 1 p. m. in room 818 of the Recitation Building. Make application in hiatory office. Recitation Building, before March 19. —BSTEY.
Forestry Club: Tickets for the Foresters’ Banquet on Wednesday, March 23, may be obtained from me now. Class representatives please note. —ROMEISER.
morning’s Exponent. If you wish to add a girl’s name, have her qualiflcationil and scholastic average ready to present at the meeting. A list of voting members, girls who have paid their dues and earned 26 points in sports, will be posted in the gym Wednesday. —DELAPLANE.
Exponent National Advertising: Important meeting of all sophomores and freal)men Wednesday, March 16, at 4 p. m. iA the Delta Tau Delta house —GILLILAN.
Distinguished Students: Distinguished student refunds are now available at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. Passports must be shown. (3-19) —HOLLENSBE.
Green Potters: Decorations committee meeting in room C of the Memorial Union Building Thursday, March 17 at 4 p. m. —ELLEY. Glider Club: Work session in the attic of the ME Building at 1:30 each day through Friday, March 18. —MOORE.
WSGA Activities Committee: fiaeeting of all members Wednesday, March 16, at 4 p.m. in the WSGA office. Bring activity sheets. —JONES.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday, March 16, at 7.45 p. m. in the WSGA office. —STEWART.
Industrial Education Society: Meeting on Wednesday, March 16, at 7 p. m. in the Michael Golden Shops. —GANTZ.
Eta Kappa Nu: important meeting Wednesday, Maich 16, at 7 p. m in room F of the Union Building. —WELLS.
WAA Fencing: Meet in Women’s Gym at 4 p m. Wednesday, March 16. —DANIEL.
WAA Social Committee: Meet in the Union lobby at 4 p. m Friday, March 18. —DANIEL.
Flying Club: No meeting Wednesday, March 16. Call Bates and report NIFC flying time for 1937. Phone 3301. —SKINNER
PIA Beginners’ Dance Class: The fifth beginners’ dance class will be given Thursday, March 17 at 4 p. m in the Union ballroom —CLYMER
P. M. 11 and 12 Make-ups: Examinations for removal of conditions and incompletes m P. M. 11 and P. M. 12 will be given in room 201, Michael Golden Shops, at 4 p. m., Wednesday, March 16. —RISING.
Christian Foundation: Tickets for the annual Student Banquet to be held March 18 at 6 ‘IS p m. are now on sale. Call Harold Gripe at 46102, or Reverend Hunter at 31824 —CRISS.
PIA Beginners’ Dance Class: The fourth dance class will be held Wednesday, March 16, at 8 p m in the Women’s Gym —CLYMER.
CE 21 Condition Examinations: An examination will be given in room 301, Civil Engineering Building on Saturday, March 19 fiom 1 to 4 p m Please consult me at once. —SONESON.
Ward Managers: All Ward managers turn in Volleyball entry blanks by Wednesday, March 16. —ROSS.
YWCA Settlement House Committee; All girls interested in settlement house work meet in the YWCA office Thursday, Maich 17 at 4 p m —BROWN.
Independent Staff: Important meeting for both business and editorial staffs Wednesday, Match 16, at 7 p m —MEACHAN.
ME 62, Condition Examinations: An examination will be held on Saturday, April 9, from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 308. This is the last opportunity for removing conditions in ME 62 received prior to the 1937-19'88 school year. Students planning to take this examination should see me before April 6th. —BINDER.
Horticultural Society: Meeting in the Horticultural Building on Wednesday March 16 at 7 p. m. —SMITH
Resident House Presidents’ Council: Meeting Wednesday, March 16 at 7 p. m. in the YWCA office. —DOUGLAS.
WSGA: Girls who haven’t filled in activities blanks please come into WSGA office between 4 and 6 pm. any afternoon before Saturday, March 19. —JONES.
Purdue Union of Jevna^i louin: oreenng committee meeting on Wednesday, March 16, at 4 p m. in room B of the Union. —HONOROFF.
History, Government Makeups: Conditional and incomplete removal exams in his-
WAA: Mass meeting for primary election of candidates for offices will be held Thursday, March 17 in the Women’s Gym. Nominations will be announced in Thursday
Happy Hollow Swingsters: Meeting on Pi idav, March 18. at 4 p m —YOUNG WAA Basketball: One more class practice will be held Wednesday, March 17, at 4pm Playeis must have two practices to get full 100 points foi making the team Teams will be posted on the bulletin board at 4 30 and will be announced in Thursday’s Exponent. Team managers are fieshman—Evelyn Heeter , sophomore—Marietta Johnson, junior-—Rosemary Van Divier, and senior—Margaret Jenkins —MORRIS
Gilder Club: Meeting in room B of the Union at 7:16 Thursday, March 17 —MOORE
JUNIOR BALLROOM DANCING CLASS For 8th Grade and High School Students Opens Sat., March 19, 7:00 P. M. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
(chesterfield
Copyright 1938,
LiGGKrr & Myers
Tobacco Co.
Wait,.. wait,.. thafs the watchword for Chesterfield tobaccos Here’s the reason so many smokers
like Chesterfields ...
Thousands of casks of mild ripe Chesterfield tobacco are kept in storage all the time—every pound of it aged 2 years or more to give Chesterfield smokers more pleasure. T/te mild ripe tobaccos—home-grown and aromatic Turkish—and the pure cigarette paper used in Chesterfields are the best ingredients a cigarette
can have. They Satisfy,
‘Hi
\
A
,. theifllgive you MORE PLEASURE