1!
f'''rTO‘Vv’. ly[>‘'^■'1?! ‘f ■'f'" y,' '■ , Ji'’ ( ^ ^ ^ '*
’’il ' '
' '.'V ■ >!
" 'il
tSxaanent
Published Daily by Students of JPurdue University.
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 14,1937
NUMBER 131
Juniors Leave Sunday For Chemical Tour
Juniors in the school of chemical engineering are going to depart on two inspection trips of chemical industries next Sunday. One group of men leaves for a tour of eastern cities for a full week’s visit, while another party will depart for Chicago for a shorter stay. The chemical students were divided into two groulJS because of the increasingly large number of men making the trips. Those students visiting the Chicago area will also make a trip to Cleveland next fall in order to make up an inspection schedule equal to that of the eastward bound men, for whom this is the only tour. A recent survey conducted by the school of chemical engineering shows that more than 95 per cent of the companies interviewed asserted that inspection trips are an essential part of the training of a chemical engineer.
Sunday Convo To End Series
Dr. Ralph W. Sockman, pastor of Christ Church in New York City, will address the last religious convocation of the present academic year on the subject of “New Horizons” next Sunday morning at 10:30 o’clock in Eliza. Fowler Hall.
^Multi-Flush ^Nashf Debris CameraMan Tells All
When the editor of the 1937 Debris, caught in the hustle-bustle of make up, pounds impatiently on his desk and yells, “Pictures . . . pictures . . . pictures!” it is “MultiFlash” Nash who answers the call. “Multi-Flash,” listed more properly in the student directory as J. Nash Walters, is the dauntless Debris photographer responsible for most of the excellent candid shots in the snapshot section of the annual. “Hold It”—For Flash Half of the day “Multi-Flash” spends darting about the campus yelping “hold it” to the unsuspecting subjects as he blasts away with a battery of flash bulbs. The other half of the day he spends in the Debris dark-room developing his work. Most of “Multi-flash’s” eccentricity may be attributed to his novel philosophy. “You don’t have to be crazy to be a photographer,” says Flash, “but it sure helps!” It’s a picnic in itself to listen as Multi-flash recounts his odd and numerous exciting adventures. Being shot by a machine gun during the' military carnival, battling a pep-session crowd, pacifying the editor, and coaxing the money for more flash bulbs out of the business manager are all in the day’s work for Multi-flash.
Dr. Sockman has spent more than a quarter of a century in the field of religious activities and has had numerous institutions of higher learning confer upon him such degrees as: B. A., M. A., Ph. D., D. D., and L. L. D. He received the degree of L. H. D. from Rollins College last year. Dr. Sockman’s popularity as a distinguished clergyman is attributed to his keen analytical mind and his brilliant presentation of the problems of modern life, as the students and faculty members who heard him when he was here last year will agree.
April 14, 1937 SIT-DOWN strikes can be traced back to Jonah, the biblical character who was swallowed by a whale, according to a columnist in the Michigan Daily . . . —30— JONAH didn’t belong to the CIO, nor was he troubled with labor difficulties ... he was displeased because his prophecy that Ninevah would fall because of its iniquities didn’t materialize . . . -SOQUOTING from the scriptures, “But it displeaseth Jonah exceedingly, and he was angry.” (Jonah 4:1). “Then Jonah went out of the city and sat on the east side of the city, and there made him a booth, and sat under it in the shadow, till he might see what would become of the city . . . ” ■ —30— JUST exactly how many things a woman can carry in her purse ha^ long been a subject of discussions among college men. A recent story emanating from Wisconsin’s campus brings to light a new angle to this type of bull-sessioniqg . —30— IT appears that a co-ed lost her handbag at one of the night-clubs Outside of Madison. She didn’t notice the loss untH she had returned to her sorority house after the date Instead of fussing around, she decided to wait until the next weekend, when she had a date to go there again . . . —30— APPEARING at the checkroom, she asked if anyone had found her bag. Several were brought out. Could she identify hers by the con tepts? “Why, yes,” she answered, “mine has a pair of pajamas in it!”
Peppered By Wadding “I was all set to take some action shots of the military carnival,” Flash says, “when the lights went out. I dashed to the end of the Armory where the machine gun had been. I was approaching it with what I thought was a flanking movement when I was peppered by a mess of cotton wadding from the machine-gun blanks. They had moved the gun on me in the dark . . . but I got the picture. “The only trouble is that it didn’t suit the editor and he threw it out,” mourns Flash. “You never know what will suit an editor ... or a business manager either.” “I walks into the store to buy photographic paper. I says to the clerk, ‘Give me 500 sheets of paper’. No sooner had I said it than the business manager walks in. After a short discussion with him, I leave the store with 36 sheets. A poor photographer hasn’t got a chance.” “Editors Are Nuts!”
Prom Maestro
31 New Members Initiated Into Scabbard And Blade
Don Bestor, leader of the 14-piece prominent radio orchestra which plays for the 1938 Junior Promenade in the Memorial Union ballroom Friday night.
100 Prom Tickets Distributed
Approximately 100 tickets for Friday night’s Junior Prom were distributed from the University cashier’s office yesterday, W. W. Hollensbee, cashier, reported last night. Tickets will be given out until 4:30 o’clock Friday afternoon. Booths for all campus organizations had" been arranged for last night, according to T. W. Graham, Prom committee chairman. Two chairs and a davenport will be collected from each fraternity for the booths Friday. Some sororities and fraternities are planning Prom breakfasts, Graham said.
ASME’s Plan Two-Dav Meet
Scabbard and Blade, national military honorary, officially initiated 28 students and two faculty members into the Purdue company in the Armory last night. The banquet following the initiation was held in Lincoln Lodge, with about 110 persons attending, the largest initiation banquet yet held. Dr. Estey, of the economics department, gave the principle address of the evening, speaking on the war situation in Europe from an economic standpoint. Other speakers on the program were Dr. Elliott, “Spots” Emrick, and Lt. Colonel Brewer. Otto Buenting acted as‘ toastmaster for the evening. • Initiates The following men were initiated: E. C. Alexander, F. J. Aull, J. G. Conway, E. E. Criss, P. B. Ewing, W. Fusiek, D. J. Goodman, R. P. Griffenhagen, W. W. Jones, C. E. Maahs, G. M. Maijtin, J. F. McCauley, C. L. Moir, D. A. Morrison, G. Poehlmann, J. W. Reichert, W. C. Musham, N. K. Reinhard, W. E. Roby, C. L. Sadler, G. F. Springman, M. L. Underwood, J. Vanderford, R. O. Wickersham, and S. C. Williams. From the band, C. G. Bigelow, C. M. Jorgeson, and C. A. Reichelderfer. Associate members initiated were C. D. Bushnell and Dr. F. M. Hall.
Cosmopolitan Club To Have Banquet
“Editors are nuts,” claims the photographic Flash. “When I take a good picture he throws it out and vice vdrsa. One day I printed three pictures on top of each other quite by accident. I wa§ just ready to throw the print out when the editor spies it and lets out a yelp. ‘That’s wonderful,’ he says, ‘We’ll use it for a division page.’ ” Flash, a short, wild-haired, terror, can be recognized by that glint in his eye which seems to say, “Boy, what a shot that would make.” Occasionally he gets to sleep but his fraternity brothers at the Triangle house say he walks about the dorm in his sleep snapping pictures. Flash-Nash can be summarized by paraphrasing an old saying: “In action there is Nash . . . and his camera!”
Co-op Members To Give ‘The Answer’
“The Answer,” a three-act play, will be presented Wednesday evening, April 21 in the Unioh ball room by the University co-operative association. Clark Burton, Gladys Knollman, and James Hull are playing the leading roles. Admission will be free.
Demonstration Agent To Address Survey Class
Millicent Thatcher, Home Economics ’30, present home demonstration agent at Crown Point, in Lalge County, will speak to the freshman home economics survey class today in the Home Economics Auditorium at 11 a. m. Her talk is entitled- “Home Economics Trained Girls In Extension Work.” This is an open meeting.
Members of student branches of the A. S. M. E. of Purdue, Iqwa, Michigan, and Minnesota, will meet Monday and Tuesday in Chicago for a two-day convention. H, R. Sennstrom, senior mechanical, will read a paper on “Power Requirements In Train And Truck Transportation” at one of the two technical sessions of the convention. Conferees will have a chance to inspect either the Crane Company, the Western Electric Company or the Commonwealth Edison Company. The Purdue student branch of A. S, M. E. plans to provide several cars for the trip, and members interested in attending the convention may call R. K. Weldy for details.
Cosmopolitan Club will feature a banquet on their annual “International Night,” which will be held April 22 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Dr. Enders, dean of the science school, will show pictures in technicolor and members of the club will provide additional entertainment, including music by the Chinese students. Tickets for the banquet are priced at 75c. The Cosmopolitan Club presented show in the Union ballroom on last year’s International Night. This year’s prqgram is in charge of A. H. Futoohee.
Chi Omega Art Wins Penny Carnival Cup
Chi Omega sorority attracted the judges with its exhibition of Surrealism and won the cup for the best booth at the Penny Carnival sponsored by Purdue Sportswomen last Saturday. More than 600 people, the largest crowd that has ever attended the event, were present. Heads of committees were Emily Tubbs, Helen Beko, Eugeia Kelly, Georgia Halstead, Marjorie Charles, Mildred Fitch, Minnadel Venemann, June Rose Piper, Dorothy Cook, Mary Humphreys, Louanna Thompson, Margaret Richey, Jeannette Scudder,-and Betty Arnold.
Tan Beta Pi Pledges Sixteen Juniors
Tau Beta Pi, national engineering scholastic honorary, announced the pledging of the following men last night: E. C. Alexander, Wheaton, 111.; D. D. Baals, Port Wayne; S. E. Belsley, Peoria, 111.; J. E. Brock, Chicago, 111.; E. N. Cox, Patriot; G. D. Cross, Rockford, O.; A. H. Forster, Evansville; J. W. Fredericks, Wakarusa; H. E. Grieger, Wanatah; R. P. Griffenhagen, Evanston, 111.; C. A. Reichelderfer, Port Wayne; R. H. Schlundt, Evansville; J. 'M. Sheadel, South Bend; J. L, Waling, Brook; H. F, Wells, St Louis, Mo.; and R. 0. Wickersham, Whiting.
Music Organizations To Give Concert Tonight
Orchestra, Choir, Glee Clubs Combine
Members of the Men’s and Coed’s Glee Clubs, the Concert and University Choirs, and the University Orchestra will cooperate in presenting for the first time a concert featuring all campus musical organizations tonight at 8 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. Admission will be 35 cents. Albert P. Stewart, University director of music, who will be in charge of the concert, has announced the following program:
Lehar Kodaly
Halvorsen
Gaines Deppen
Orchestra Gold and Silver Waltzes Song (from Hary Janos) Entrance March of the Boyars
IL
Girls’ Glee Club Salutation Japanese Sunset I Love You Truly Carrie Jacobs-Bond Eva Robertson, Violinist Arsene Summers, Alto May I Have the Next Romance With You?
III.
Concert Choir Morning Speaks Kiss Me Again (from Mile. Modists) Herbert The Sleigh „ Kountz I Won’t Kiss Katy Jugo-Slav Folksong
IV.
Morey J. Doyle, Pianist Rigoletto Paraphrase Verdi-Liszt
V.
Men’s Glee Club The Star . Rogers Where’er You Walk (from Servele) Handel As Torrents in Summer Elgar On the Sea . Buck VI. Combined Choruses With Orchestra Holy Art Thou (from Xerxes) . .. Handel Italian Street Song (from Naughty Marietta) Herbert
Adams To Talk To Foundation Girls
McHale To Arrive April 21 For Visit
Dr. Kathryn McHale of Logansport, the newest member of the Board of Trustees, will arrive in Lafayette next Tuesday noon, April 21, for a two-day’s visit to the University. On Tuesday afternoon, students will have the opportunity of interviewing Dr. McHale, and on Wednesday she is to attend the meeting of the Board of Directors.
Women’s Club To Give Annual Concert
The music section of the Purdue Women’s Club will give their annual spring concert tomorrow in the music room of the Memorial Union Building. Mrs. Seigle Anderson, program chairman, invites all the members of the Women’s Club to attend the program, which is the last that will be given this year.
Professors To Hear Noel Talk At Dinner Meeting
James W. Noel, of Indianapolis, a member of the Board of Trustees, will discuss .“Some Recollections Of Trustees And Faculty” at a dinner meeting of the American Association of University Professors to be held Wednesday, April 21, at 6:30 o’clock in the home economics cafeteria. Members of the University Board of Trustees and their wives, Presi dent and Mrs. E. C. Elliott,and Prof, and Mrs. Frank C. Hockema*will be the guests of the Association at the meeting, which will be open to all members of the faculty and their wives up to the capacity of the home economics cafeteria. Advance reservations should be made with F J. Allen at the Chemistry Building
Miss Marie (Adams, a missionary from China home on furlough, will be the guest speaker at the annual May breakfast of Wesley Foundation girls. The breakfast will be held on Sunday, April 25, at 8 a. m. instead of on the customary first Sunday in May, becp,use of a conflict with Baccalaureate services. This breakfast is given in honor of the senior girls who will be accorded the privilege of sitting at the speaker’s table. The chairmen of the committees in charge are: June Denny, Mary Louise Hess, Ruth Arbuckle, Marjorie Hoover, Harriet Yoder, and Leta Neuman.
Pharmacists Leave On Trip
The senior pharmacy students leave this morning on the annual two-day inspection trip of retail and wholesale drug companies. The sponsors who will go with the young druggists are Prof. H. G. DeEay and Harry Kendall. The students will spend this morning making a tour of retail drug houses in Indianapolis. Then this afternoon and tomorrow they -will be the guests of Eli Lilly Company and will visit Lilly’s PharmaceuHcal and Research Laboratories in Indianapolis and Lilly’s Biological Laboratories at Greenfield.
Becker Tells Of Adventures
“Every fisherman is a liar, and I am a fisherman,” apologized Bob Becker as he began his talk on “Let’s Seek And Find Adventure” before an audience of approximately 325 listeners last night in Eliza Fowler Hall. He told of his adventures as a bat-hunter in Brazil. Vampire bats attacked the mules, leaving a small unnoticeable puncture and a streak of dried blood down the mule’s Sides. Becker shot down and brought home 33 of the bloodthirsty noammals. “That about evened the score,” he said. He went on to tell of his experiments and subsequent conclusion that rattlesnakes are harmless to persons in good knee-high leather boots. He mentioned rattlesnake filet and this lead him to tell of eating monkey steak. Becker claims this is really excellent meat, but you can’t forget the poor little monkey—they serve it whole—^you have to skin it. Two short films were shown. The first dealt with mountain goats and sheep; the second with riding a swimming moose.
YMCA Conference Pictures Shown
Activities of fhe 1936 Y.M.C.A. Lake Geneva, Wis., conference were depicted in moving pictures shown Sunday before the student BaptistMethodist and Presbyterian-Episco-palian groups. Dr. T. Z. Koo, Dr. Kagawa, Kirby Page, and other international Y. M. C. A. leaders were pictured as well as pleilty of Wisconsin scenery, and action pictures of young men in various forms of recreation. The annual conference will be held at Lake Geneva June 14 to 21 this year.
Tower Theatre To Continue Tryouts
Additional tryouts for the second series of Tower Theatre plays will be-held at 4 this afternoon in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building. Tower Theatre, amateur dran^atic organization, plans to present ^ffiis series of plays May 11, and 12, in the tower room, for.the pui’pose of determining audience reaction.
Townsend To Speak At Exchange Club Dinner
At the weekly meeting of the Exchange Club plans were made for the luncheon next Monday noon, when Governor M. Clifford Townsend will be the honored guest and speaker.
April 23 Set F^or PIA Elections
Candidates for election to P. I. A. offices are: N. M. Parkhurst and R. H. Schlundt, president; W. Feldman and R. B. Clymer, vice-presi-dent; Mary Wien, co-ed executive; Wells, Briscoe, and Wright, treasurer; Sylvia Zussin and Martha Whitehead, secretary. The elections will be held April 23, in the lounge of the Memorial Union Building, and the polls will be open from 7 a. m. until 5 p. m. The officers will be announced at the P. I. A. Spring Formal which will be held the evening of April 23.
Complete Repairs On Automatic Recorder
Repairs were completed today on the automatic Capehart recording machine in the Memorial Union Building. The regular program schedule whiph prevailed before
whi^h
spring vacation wiU be put ini^o effect immediately according to information received from Louis
Putze, Union vice-president.
Alpha CM Rho In a secret meeting last night. Alpha Chi Rho, social fraternity, initiated G. Baluk, of Gary and CJ. Echterling, of LowelL
Fair And Cool
Alpha Rappa Lambda
Alpha Kappa Lambda announces the pledging of R. L. Richardson, Indianapolis, and A. W. Rifenburgh, W. Lafayette.
By Tempy TIm EavOIMItt W<MVtllMr Woe is met The weather is goring to be cooler today, but not half so cold as my girl was last night. When I asked her for a date, she said she would rather go out witih Mickey Mouse than with a rat like me. Now, I ask you, is that fair? No^ but the weather will be today.
k:
, V
•*»' ^/
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
(E^i^e ^urbue.exponent
Founded In 186$
MEMBEft
g^wodated goMoainte ^regg
MAttSON WtSCONSW RKPRBOBNTKD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING WT National Advertising Service, Inc CoUege Pmbliskers RtpresentatiDe 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. CHICAGO . Boston - ban Francisco Los ANGELES > PORTLAND - SEATTLE
Entered ns second clsss matter at the post office. Lafayette, Indiana Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2,50 per year; sold by a single copy, 2 cents.
Business Phone 6038
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University EDITOKIAL BOARD OP CONTROL |l. J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF Managing Editor - - R- R* Associate Editors K. A. Barnette. J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. lU Sadler Sophomore Assistants W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J.R. Clark L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance E. H. Kellogg:, K. E. O’Neil Bold and Black Editor — —J- 0. Ohaver
Business Manager— National Advertising Manager.^ Local Advertising Manager Advertising Assistants Circulation Manager Circulation Assistants
BUSINESS STAFF , „ , R. J. Hulse V ’ L. H. Brown D. C. Miller ’.VV W. J. Giiiiian, R. R. Hensler, M. C. Reeves _ jr. P. Girard F. C. Robbins, F. T. Swain
SPORTS STAFF , ^ ^ Editor....» — — L. D, Wood Associate Editors W. H. Fifield, S. R. Griffiths, R, F. Obenchain
WOMEN’S STAFF „ , ^ .Helen Creech Associate Editors ....Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke Advertising Manager.. — ....Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—J. W. Richey.
More Military Training
It is often said that one of the important factors contributing to the seasoning and hardening of the neophitic college underclassman, helping to mold him into a well rounded adult at the^end of four years is, in many cases, the newborn but ever present necessity of making important decisions accurately and intelligently, almost without assistance. Sophomore military students are at the present time confronted with one of these college questions which demands an immediate decision. This question is above average in importance for the reply made is destined to have no little influence on the student’s next two years in the University. “Am I going ahead with military, taking the advanced course, or am I going to spend all of my time and effort along other lines, espetially my field of specialization ?” the sophomore military student is asking himself over and over again. In an open letter addressed to the group in this possible state of quandry, Lt. Colonel Brewer set forth some facts for consideration. In these statements he stresses the opportunity here offered for development of the inherent capacity for leadership as well as the sometimes overlooked chance for formation of many new friends, especially through the activities at the summer camp coming between the junior and senior years. However, in coming to a decision, one should hesitate if thinking only of private personal betterment. Being human, we naturally look at these things first, and fairly so. Nevertheless, service in the Corps has a deeper significance. One of the real motives in taking advanced military should be a desire to prepare one’s self for a position of leadership and service to our country in case of emergency. This demands a patriotic and altruistic attitude, but as Colonel Brewer warns, “any other motive will foredoom your efforts as a leader, not only as a cadet officer, but also in the more serious business as an officer in the United States Army.” Are you going to take advanced military ? The only fair answer is to be found in your own mind. Consultation with school heads may clear up some difficulties, but you can enter the work open mindedly and in an enthusiastic manner only when actuated by your own free will.—L. S. H.
Boy—^Were They Good
To the Exponent: Hats off to the Southern Ladies! They were not only superb in their arguments, appealing in their manner, but quite courageous to attempt a word battle with Purdue Engineers on such an economic subject as “Resolved: That Congress Should Be Empowered To Fix Minimum Wages And Maximum Hours For Industry.” And correct was Mr. Winch, chairman of the debate, who, upon being asked if these girls in their debate tour were debating men or both men and women, said, “Both, I suppose ; these girls aren’t afraid of anybody.” And why should they be? Any two people who can present arguments, facts, and plans with such coherency, and quote authorities so complacently as Miss Diarmond and Miss Paulk should have nothing to fear. Granted their program of an Economic Board which would govern the balance of production and consumption for the United States would involve intricacies and may well be deemed a far-off utopia for the present, but their arguments were convincing and seemed to become facts by their persuasive southern charm. Their Purdue opponents as well as the audience were ensnared by it, for after the two Alabama debaters had presented their program to settle the problem of an economics of scarcity, Mr. Fredericks of the “negative” rose to his feet and his first utterance was, in the vernacular, “We’ve got something here.” Indeed, t’was so! The Southern “charmers” had something to impart and were doing so at a bewilderingly rapid pace. It was rather like admitting that Miss Paulk had the power of taking an unobtainable utopia and making it appear a reality when Mr. Sasser stated that she had been presenting only impracticable theories and yet was capable of “flipping millions of dollars into the air” and juggle them into a perfect balance between producer and consumer. Ah yes, the girls may be accused of presenting only theories, but what did the boys give ? They pounced upon the theories set up by their opponents and defensively presented arguments to explode them. But Southern girls, if judged by our two visitors, have more qualities than the books tell us—^yes, as the “negative” said after the first affirmative speaker concluded, “If I weren’t an engineer and knew that there was no such thing as perpetual motion, I would believe that it had at last been set into action.” —A Spectator.
Famous First Line . . . HEBE’S LOOKING AT THE MILITARY DEPARTMENT ... ALL THE MEMBERS ... of Scabbard and Blade are on the pan ... where CAPTAIN “STU” BECKLEY is concerned . . . for these playful lads . . . last Saturday night . . . . drew very handsome pictures of the righteous captain upon the said Tactics Ihstructor’s blackboard . ... all meinhers were forced to salute said drawing . . . now who could have done this dirty work is a deep mystery . . . hut they say that FRANK MILNER, JIM BAKER, OTTO BUENTING, and “Top Hat” MARTIN were in the Armory . . . that night. . .
PAY DAY . . . disappointed juniors were certainly in excess quantities . . . most of these Juniors got the whole sum of zero dollars and no cents . . . but the SENIORS . . AH! ... a horse of a different texture ... the largest total ever placed before their wanting eyes ... $22.60 base pay ... of course there were a few reductions . . . SOME ONE WANTED TO FIND OUT . . , just which of the two new MAJORS is WARREN and which is KURTZ . . . some one piped up with KURTZ is the one that walks slew-footed . . . while WARREN tells such sour jokes that even he can’t laugh . . . CORPS DAY ERRORS ... The honey that COLONEL BAKER pulled as he went marchin’ along and a marchin’ along . . . (with the wrong staff) ... of course one of the regular officers did happen to call his attention to it about 10 minutes later . . . and then, if you could have been in earshot of “LITTLE CAESAR” MARTIN . . . when he was yelling about the missing color bearers , . . what a laugh it was when CAPTAIN FRANK MILNER came in with Battery F-4 .. he only ran into his Regimiental and Battalion Staff . , . forcing them to make a hasty retreat . . CAN’T SEEM TO KEEP AWAY FROM HIIW . . . BECKLEY, who else . . . besides being a Tactical expert boys, he’s a ladies man . . . he dined with the CHI OMEGAS this past Sunday . . . and it seems that.... Well, I promised the XO’s that I wouldn’t say a word about that . . ALSO the salute that he gave to the pretty lassies, as he passed by their mansion in the Corps-Day procession, was one of his best West Point learned snappers ... THERE CAN ONLY BE TWO REASONS FOR ... a great big red nose . . , now your guess is as good as mine . . , and I claim to be no authority .. . but really didn’t CAPTAIN KAY stretc a point when he kept pulling out his handker chief the latter part of last week in his attempt to impress everyone that there could only be one reason for his . . . Parting Shot to the Officers . (upstairs) ... Keep ’em rolling boys .... and keep ’em hot . . . MARS—PASSES—MARS NOW IN KEEPING WITH THE ABOVE . . . TWO PASSES WILL I DISH OUT ... TO THE MT STUDENT TURNING IN THE BEST POEM OR POME (make it short) CONCERNING YOUR IDEA OF CORP DAY, TOPO TACTICS, GUNNERY, DRILL, MOTORS or what have you... FLASH!— FLASH! Unveiled before a grateful student body, are Purdue Public Heroes Numbers One and One (tied for first place) .., ART WEST and
□asses To Continue During Peace Program Classes will not be dismissed for the Peace Day pro^am to be conducted on the University campus by the Purdue Peace Committee from 11 to 12 o’clock on April 22, Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to President Elliott, announced last night. The committee has secured the use of the Memorial Union ballroom for its program, Professor Hockema said.
Charles E. Trees, ’10 Dies In Indianapolis Charles Emmett Trees, Pharmacy ’10, founder and president of the C. E. Trees Company, manufacturers of nationally known flavors and extracts, died at his home in Indianapolis Monday. He was born in Mayview, 111., and attended the University of Illinois before coming to Purdue. His son, Charles J. Trees, is now enrolled in the University. Funeral services will be held at 10 o’clock this morning in Indianapolis.
Menendez Asks Reprint Of Rabies Report Dr. Paris Menendez, director of animal husbandry, Ascuncion, Paraguay, has recently requested a reprint of Dr. Behrens research paper “The Production Of Immunity With Purified Suspension Of The Rabies Virus” as published in the “Journal Of Bacteriology,” January, 1937.
Pi Kappa Phi
Pi Kappa Phi announces the initiation of the following: R. A. Anderson, Chicago, 111.; S. M. Angus, Chicago Heights; G. E. Bruington, Annaheim, Cal.; W. E. Catterall, Whiting; P. W. Edwards, Chicago, 111.; L. L. Lyles, El Paso, Tex.; T. P. Miller, Yorktown; R. M. Munro, W. Lafayette; H. W. Nevin, Chicago, 111.; D. H. Spring, Wauwatosa, Wis.; and’J. G. Swinney, Charlotte, N. C.
Pi Beta Phi Pi Beta Phi announces the initiation of Dorothy Bryant, Cleveland, 0.; Pern Botts Davis, Monon; Joanne Edson, Auburndale, Mass.; Dorothy Hardin, Knightstown; Joyce Johnson, Chicago, 111.; Mary Frances McLaughlin, Greensburg; Katherine Mounce, Rutherford, N. J.; June Prentice, W. Lafayette; Frances Raebig, Chicago, HI.; Dorothy Roberts, Indianapolis; Ella Lou Sexson, W. Lafayette; Eleanor Turner, McConnellsville, O.; and Carolyn Williams, Chicago, 111..
CHUCK COLE, the boys who filched WES DWIGHT’S filthy cords and sent them to the cleaners . . .Some Sucker DWIGHT! . . . don’t miss the denouement at noon today in the grill room when ROSIE MILBURN presents the renovated cords to a blushing and somewhat deflated big shot DWIGHT . . .
-Last Dayr
HIS HIGHNESS ,^GETS THE CbW DOWN ON A BLONDE BEAUTY'S HEART!
Victor McLaglen in Nancy Steele Is Missing”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“It’s a deal then—for every hundred buttons in the collection plate, you’ll give us a dollar.”
Dr. O’Shea Addresses Education Conference Dr. O’Shea, women’s personnel director, addressed the midwestern educational conference, held last week-end, on the subject “Verbalism, The Ancient And Modern Enemy Of Education.” The conference was held at Washington University, St. Louis, Mo.
ARC —LAST DAY— Freddie Bartholomew and Jackie Cooper in “Devil Is a Sissy” —and— Raymond Massey in “Things to Come”
Family
-LAST DAY2 Features
Charlie Ruggles Alice Brady in “Mind Your Own Business” —and— James Dunn in “Mysterious Crossing”
TOMORROW—FRI.—SAT. Bob Steele in “The Trusted Outlaw” —and— Frankie Darro in “The Devil Diamond”
ALL THIS WEEK
Popeye Cartoon
Thurs.-Fri.-Sat.
—Last Times Today—
GIRL LOVES
231/2 HOURS
BOY
LEAVE
Erie Linden
Cecelia Parker
Ellison
DOUBLE FEATURE
SHE HAD THE BACKGROUND! HE HAD THE FOREGROUND! See them go over the bumps on the rocky road to love!!
BEmFORNESS w/im\ GOBDON JONESL^
Meet Ellery Queen —r The Whiz Bang Super Sleuth. He's a Panic in a Penthouse!
" Eddie Quillan Charlol'I'e Henry in THE MANDARIN MYSTERYWedn6sday» At>ril 14^ 1937
THE PUBBUE EXPONENT
Wabash Downs Purdue, 2-1; Doan, Heise, Rosser Pitch
The Little Giants of Wabash slip"ped a run in on the Purdue Boilermakers in the last inning of their game at Crawfordsville yesterday afternoon to win 2-1. The game, close all the way, was featured by scattered hitting and some exceptionally good mound work. Purdue’s lone score was made by Krause after he had tripled in the first half of the fourth inning. Korty, pinch hitting for the pitcher, Doan, hit to short and Krause then scored ftom third. The Wabashmen scored in the first inning on a passed ball. Three Pitchers Coach “Dutch” Fehring used up three pitchers during the game, with Joe Doan taking the mound in the first inning and being replaced by Heiss after he had gone three frames. Bob Rosser came in at the start of the seventh to finish the game for the Boilermakers. All of the boys pitched good ball while they were in and can be counted on to win many ball games for the squad. Several times during the game the bases were loaded with Boilermakers, but they were unable to hit at the right time and score. The score stood at 1-1 until the last half of the ninth when the first man up for Wabash tripled. The next man to bat hit to second and the runner scored, winning the game. Revenge Today The Boilermaker squad did some fine hitting during the game, six hits being marked up in their favor. Determined to revenge this close defeat suffered at the hands of the Little Giants yesterday, the Boilermakers will be out to play their best brand of ball this afternoon, and the game should prove an interesting one from the spectators’ standpoint.
Authorities at San Jose College are planning to establish a museum of crime tools for the students of its police school.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side of Square Watches Repaired to Keep Dependable Time
Wisconsin And Northwestern Win In Practice Tilts Yesterday afternoon, with perfect football weather prevailing, the red Wisconsin team defeated the Black Purdue team, while the Green Northwestern team conquered the Gold team of Ohio State' in two hard-fought practice games, to complete the first half of the spring football round-robin tourney. In the first game, after a double exchange of punts, Cecil Isbell carried the ball 20 yards on a beautiful play for the Red’s first down. Wisconsin then kicked the ball out of boimds on their opponents’ 15 yard stripe. Only Touchdown On the Purdue team’s first play from this position, Morningstar intercepted a lateral pass to give his team the ball on the Blacks’ 13 yard mark. From here Cecil Isbell passed to Brock, who went over for the only touchdown of the game. Isbell kicked the extra point. The remainder of the game was played in mid-field with neither of the teams having the advantage. Morningstar, Isbell, and Brock were outstanding for Wisconsin, while Winchell and Willey looked good on the Purdue offensive. Northwestern Scores In the second game, between Northwestern and Ohio State, the Green Northwestern team got off early in the period to score on their opponents. In the first offensive play, Cody Isbell ran around right end for a 26 yard gain. Nesbitt then plunged through center for about ten yards, and the Greens passed a short one over the goal. The Gold Ohio State team then tried to duplicate their opponents’ march, but were unable to do so before the quarter ended. Isbell and Herbert for the Greens, and Shelby and Purvis for the Golds were the outstanding individuals of the game.
In answering the questions in a journalism quiz, a Creighton University student informed the corrector of papers that Ellis Parker Butler, the author, is president of the University of Chicago.
PROPER
ATTIRE
for
f/ie
yunior Prom
.Can be chosen from our large and complete selection of styles and colors.
415 MAIN
LAFAYETTE
ielder’s.... ....choice aBy Bob Walpole ■-■■■ Today’s game wi^ tiie IdtOe Giants from Wabash will afford the Boilermaker diamond fans their first opportunity to see the baseball team in action . .. This year’s team is reputed to be the best in years and, from the showing they made against well practiced teams in the South, the spectators Can be assured of some lively polished baseball this afternoon . . . —fc— “Big Bill” Vergane reported for football practice Monday for the first time this spring ... a leg injury received last fall has been slow healing ... he will soon be in shape, ready to snag passes out of the clouds . . . Clem Woltman is fast recovering from his scarlet fever attack and will report soon , . —^fc— The new gymnasium is sure going up fast ... if you lack something interesting to do, drop over and watch the construction . . . you can get a good idea of how it will look when completed . . . the floor will be made to fit three different ways — it can be changed to meet any increase in demand for seating capacity . . . —fc— Claude Moore, star distance man of the Boilermaker track squad the past few years, will be back with the team when it makes its outdoor debut against Butler Monday . . plenty strong in the distance events Purdue track looks headed for the top . . . Monday will also mark the opening of the golf season .... Coach Jack Bixler’s golfers will tee off against Iowa in a Big Ten meet on the local links . . . —fc— Bob McDonald, sophomore on the Sports Staff, was guest conductor of today’s column . . .
Phillips Wins Co-ed Badminton Tourney Nancy Phillips defeated Betty Arnold Friday afternoon, April 9, in the final game of the first badminton tournament for Purdue coeds. Approximately 60 girls entered the contest, which began a month ago. This was an elimination tourney in which the entrants were required to win two out of each three games played.
Track Schedule April 17—Butler at Purdue. April 23-24—^Drake Relays. May 1—Illinois at Purdue. May 5—^Purdue at DePauw. May 8—Northwestern, Indiana, and Purdue at Indiana. May 15—Purdue at Chicago. May 21-22—Big Ten Meet at Michigan. , May 29—State Meet at Notre Dame.
Purdue Nine To Open Home Season Today Either Mangas or Bredewater will be on the mound for the Boilermaker baseball nine when the Purdue squad meets Wabash of Crawfordsville for the opening game of the home season this afternoon at 4 o’clock on Russell Field. Purdue opened their regular season schedule yesterday when they journeyed to Crawfordsville for the first game of the home and home series. Because the weather man got his seasons mixed up slightly, Coach Dutch Fehring has been handicapped in getting his team in shape, but after an impressive southern training trip, the boys are rounding into shape and are looking forward to another successful season. Purdue’s hurling staff has shown up far above par so far this season and should be strong enough to stop the hardest sluggers. The pitching staff is one of the best to represent the Boilermakers in years with Bredewater, Doan, Heiss, Rosser, Downey, Mangas, Bartz, and Martin forming an array of huylers capable of shutting out the toughest of opponents. The probable Purdue batting order will be as follows: Bartz, rf; Poulous, If; Waling, lb; Breslin, 3b; Baker, cf; Krause, c; Thompson, ss; and Bredewater or Mangas, p.
Fraternity Race For Participation Trophy Is Close Phi Kappa Tau, Phr Psi, and Beta Theta Pi are leading the annual fraternity race for the participation trophy. This trophy is given annually to the fraternity having earned the greatest number of points for participation in athletic activities. The Phi Kappa Tau’s head the list with a slim two point margin, having scored a total of 288 points. Second in line are the Phi Psi’s with 286 points, and Beta Theta Pi ranks third with a total of 280 points.
Girls May Qualify For Women’s Golf Tourney Any girl interested in entering the qualifying round of nine holes for the golf tournament should report to the Women’s Gson at 1 o’clock on Saturday afternoon. Ruth Wiley will provide transportation for the girls to the Municipal Golf Course at this time. Each entrant is required to turn in the scores for two qualifying rounds to Ruth Wiley by April 26. The tournament will end May 27.
Formats For the Prom! $10.95 to $39.50
You’ll want a new frock for the biggest social event of the year and we will be ready to help you make your selection from our stock up ’’till the last minute.” Dresses in lace, Marquisettes, Chiffons, and nets. Black, white, and all the new colors.
To have that just right feeling for the Prom you must have your hair and gown on speaking terms. Visit our Beauty Salon on the 2nd Floor. Phone 7901 for appointment,
LOEB & HENE CO,
Large Turnout For First Freshman Diamond Practice “Pop” Doan, head freshman baseball coach, got his candidates out for their first active practice yesterday afternoon. With 126 boys forming a veritable mob, the work-out was confined to fielding practice, pepperball, and limbering up exercises. Prospects Bright The large turnout indicates plenty of interest and with this huge squad to pick from, a swell yearling team seems likely, and the Boilermaker diamond teams of the next few years should have plenty of material to draw from.
New York Alumni To See I. U. Grid Game Movies Motion pictures of the famous 20-20 Purdue-Indiana gridiron scrap of last fall will feature the Thursday night program of the Purdue Alumni Club of New York City. The meeting will be an old fashioned Purdue stag dinner and smoker and is given in honor of the 23 former presidents of the Club.
Vard 2, WRH Win In First Intramural Series Ward 2 defeated the Chi O’s, 6-5, in the first game of the co-ed intramural baseball series yesterday aftternoon. The Kappas lost to the WRH team, 14-13, in the round robin tournament.
Boilermaker 1 hmlies To Meet Butler Butler's track squad will open the Purdue outdoor season when Herman Phillip's Bulldogs meet the Boilermakers at 3:30 Monday afternoon in the Ross-Ade stadium. The teams will continue the rivalry started in an indoor meet this winter when they battled to a 43-43 tie, and Coach Orval Martin is hopeful that the Gold and Black thinlies will have benefitted enough by their outdoor drill to down the Bulldogs this time. Count on Distance Men Middle distance and distance men are being counted on. to give the Boilermakers their necessary points with Claude Moore, who has rapidly recovered the form that made him one of the country's outstanding milers two years ago, being counted on especially. Bodeau, a promising sophomore; Long, and Knapp are also among Purdue’s strong contenders for the distance victories. Delong will be Martin’s main hope in the dashes, with Terhune showing promise of being a strong contender in the quarter mile. The hurdle events will find Bob Lemen and Steve Gutting running for the Boilermakers. Co-captain Williamson can be counted on to represent Purdue in the high jump as can Wadleigh in the broad jump, Stewart in the javelin, and Grant in the discus.
FELTS and STRAWS Pastels and darker shades in a charming and complete selection. Headsizes 21-24
-3.95 NU-STYLE HAT SHOP
128 N. Third St.
promise Her
A Good time right from the start by a dinner in the
Chestnut Room
Two Dinners to Choose From
75c Dinner
Cream of Tomato Soup Breaded Pork Lorn
or Foamy Fruit Ice Cranberry Jelly
Tartar Sauce
Longbranch Potatoes
Fillet of Haddock
Escalloped Potatoes or
Cauliflower with Savory Sauce
Fruit Ring Salad
Cloverleaf Rolls Beverage Chocolate Ice Box Cake or Stick Candy Ice Cream
$1.00 Dinner Cream of Tomato Soup or Foamy Fruit Ice Pan Broiled Tenderloin Steak Creamed Chicken in Patty Shell or Fillet of Haddock Tartar Sauce Escalloped Potatoes or Longbranch Potatoes' Tiny Green Beans Fruit Ring Salad Cloverleaf Rolls Beverage Chocolate Ice Box Cake Butterscotch Sundae or Stick Candy Ice Cream Dinner by Reservation Only Reservations accepted until Thursday 7:30 P. M. Dinners Served from 7:30-9:00 PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION Coraor of Cewpii*—■€—ttt AcRvIMm ^
4
. 1
■ lA iI*. V
T^fx&t
THE t»ijkt)tJE fexkokto
%. "ii^^
Wfed^^daMTOl 1^ 198»
Elect Wiltshire To Head University Glider Club
Officers of the Putdue Glider Club elected at a recent meeting were: president, R. B. Wiltshire; vicepresident, W. W. Moore; treasurer, F. M. Crosby; and secretary, F. B. Fade. The club has just reconditioned its four place glider and has completed a winch of its own design. Satisfactory test on the equipment were made at a soaring site near Benton Harbor, Mich., recently. Other flights as high as 1100 feet have been made at the University Airport.
Wesley Players Elect
The Wesley Players announce the following officers for the coming year: Hugh Henry, re-elected president; Edith Whinery, vice-presi-dent; Max Barrows, re-elected treasurer; and Ruth Reeder, secretary. Alice Bi’eitweiser was selected as a reporter for Footlight, magazine of the National Society of Wesley Players.
Many Schools Adopt Harding-Canfield Text
“Legal And Ethical Phases Of Engineering,” a text book which vas written about a year ago by Di. C. E. Harding and Prof. D. T. Canfield of the school of electrical engineering has been widely adopted by engineering universities and colleges, according to word received from the McGraw-Hill Book Company, publishers. Included among the univei-sities besides Purdue, using the text are Dartmouth, Princeton, Lehigh and the Colorado School of Mines.
IBM Representative To Interview Senior Co-eds
Ann Van Vechten, representative from the International Business Machine Corporation, will be on the campus April 21 and 22 to interview 20 senior women in regard to positions. Miss Marian Elliott, daughter of President and Mrs. Elliott, has a position with this company.
Sigma Nu Initiinte^
Sigma Nu fraternity announces the formal initiation of the following men: M. E. Rieke, Auburn; E. W. Little, Indianapolis; A. M. Belfield, Evanston, 111.; F. M. Antibus, Indianapolis; H. Frazee, East Cleveland, 0.; R. E. Insley, Indianapolis; J. M. Rice, East Cleveland, O.; H. C. Schryver, Warren, O.; R. R. Mock South Bend; E. J. Disher, Indianapolis; E. H. Roepstorff, Knox; D. R. Dickson, Indianapolis; and H. G. Telford, Shaker Heights, O.
Kappa Alpha Theta
Kappa Kappa Gamma Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority
announces the initiation of Treva Beiry, Indianapolis; Barbara Fleming, West Lafayette; Virginia Gardner, Fort Wayne; Jessie Graham, Lafayette; Mary Ed Johnston, Knox; Betty Ossenberg, Terre Haute; Betty Jo Sexton, Jasonville; Rufina Sexton, Jasonville; Betty
Jane Spillman, Rushville; Stewart, Hammond; and Wickard, Washington, D. C.
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the initiation of Betty Ainsworth, W. Lafayette; Ruth Bartlett, Muncie; Betty Bennett, Shelbyville; Glenora Cullipher, Anderson; Lucy Jane Demoret, Lafayette; Lucille Dobson, St. Davids, Pa.; Mary Ellen Foresman, Indianapolis; Mary Jane George, Marion; Virginia Gould, Green Bay, Wis.; Ruth Hall, W. Lafayette; Pat Henry, E. Chicago; Elizabeth Hunter, Winchester; Helen Johns, E. Chicago; Dorothy Johnson, Mt. Lebanon, Pa.; Althea Jorgeson, Glen Ellyn, 111.; Betty Masters, Indianapolis; Frances Mei’ritt, Frankfort; and Jean Whitney, Elkhart.
Pi Tau Sigma
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
Metal Type Table—Portable victrola. Monarch typewriter. Tuxedo suits, size 40. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
the Memorial Union Building. Spring spree committee members bring plans of action for your department and report of current activities. —MBRRIAM.
Eta Kappa Nu—'Informal initiation at 7 p. m. April 14 in room 132 of the Electrical Engineering Building. —SCHLUNDT.
Phi Lambda Upsilon — Pledges bring themes, reports, and chocolate drops to initiation April 14. —PERKINS.
P. E. W. Bowling—Women who wish to elect bowling may do so on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 9 and 16 a. m. and on Wednesdays and Fridays at 9 a. m. —HAZELTON.
P. E. W.—^Following girls are being reported absent from class for failure to register for spring activities: Mary Weisbach, Eleanor E Johnson, Margaret Maxwell, and Barbara Pickett Report at once to the mam office —HAZELTON.
Playshop—All members of art and painting crews report to the sub-basement of the Memorial Union Building at 4 p. m every afternoon from April 14 to 16. —CROMER.
A. S. M. E.—Members wishing to attend the midwest convention at Chicago April 19 and 20 call R. K. Weldy for reservations. —WELDY.
14. Ship payments are dJe at this ipeeiing. J —SMITH.
Gimlet—Meeting at 6 p, n Kappa Psl house, April 14.
pledges be present.
. at the Phi Actives and
-HODGDON.
W. A. A. Council Members—^Dinner at the cabin for old and new council members on April 16. Be at the gym at 5 p. m. THcketa 30 cents each. —CAMPBELL.
Union Workers — My committee and Putze’s will report to Workshop April 14 at 4 p. m. —PFORZHEIMER.
Union Workers—All Onion Workers will be expected to appear in the ballroom at 7 p. m April 14. Prom decorations must go up. —REID.
Union IVorkers—Mytinger’s, Perkin’s and McLeod’s committees will report to the Union office as soon as possible on the afternoon of April 14. ' —PERKINS
Festival Day Dancers—Girls participating in “Sweet Kate” meet April 14 at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gymnasium ' —ELLIS.
W. A. A. Baseball—Games to be called at 4 p. m. April 14: Wards 1 and 2 vs. Alpha Chi Omega, Pi Beta Phi and Alpha Xi Delta vs Ward 3 —TOWNSEND.
Newman Club—Important meeting April 14 at 4 :16 p. m in room D of the Memorial Union Building —CARTON.
Plying Club—Meeting in room A of the Memoiial Union Building at 7 p. m. April
First Aid Course—Meetings for the remainder of this semester will be held on Wednesday evenings from 7:15 to 9:16 beginning April 14. Completion of the course will qualify students as senior Bed Cross aiders Any student interested may take the course. RUSSELL.
Monarch Typewriter—Reasonable Metal typewriter stand. Tuxedo suit, size 40. Other tuxedos, other sizes. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
Seniors Attention—Employment pictures 25c and up per dozen. 709 Main street, upstairs, Lafayette.
Lost—Brown-white checkered top coat. Main E. E. Lab., Monday afternoon. Call Kerber, 41794.
June Betty
Delta Tau Delta
Delta Tau Delta announces the initiation of the following men: L. G. Drabing, French Lick; J. R. Drevei, Glencoe, 111.; P. Emerson, Ames, la.; H. F. Fishburn, South Bend; J. M. Patteison, LaGrange, 111 ; W. H. Shipley, Lafayette; and J C Swander, St. Louis, Mo
Results of the tests given to the freshmen at the University of Washington show that the men are 10 pel cent higher than the women in reading ability and four per cent higher in vocabulary ratings.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
Pi Tau Sigma, national mechanical engineering honorary, announces the pledging of the following men at a recent ceremony; W. A. Allee, D. D. Baals, S. E. Belsley, C. G. Bigelow, J. E. Brock, J. G. Conway, P. S .Emrick, E. C. Filstrup, H. E. Greiger, A. H. Hokanson, R. C. Kingsbury, W. G. Lautz, D. A. Morrison, J. R. O’Connor, J.B. Pray, C. L. Sadler, C. Sarles, J. W. Small, R. N Whiting, and R. O. Wickersham
Good Printing—Painless prices Fast service. Near as your phone. Call 5205. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 South 29th street.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces the initiation of A. C. Bodeau, Chicago, 111.; M. E. Disney, Ft. Thomas, Ky ; J. W. Findley, W. Lafayette; J. A. Gann, Midland, Mich.; D. S. Hartman, Cincinnati, 0.; F.B. Hartman, Cincinnati, O.; P. E. Oxley, Troy, 0.; J. R. Phister, Ft. Thomas, Ky.; J. C. Smalley, W. Lafayette; G. H. Lewis, Elizabeth, N. J.
NOTICES
No notices accepted after 8 p. m.
Farm Management Conditions—Examinations for the removal of conditions in Farm Management 1 will be held April 17, at 1 p m. —MAUCH.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side of Square
See Our New Costume Jewelry
Phi Lambda Upsilon—Initiation April 14 at 7 30 in room 320 of Chemistry Building —WERNER
Alpha Phi Omega—Special meeting of all members April 14 at 7 30 p m in room C of
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Theodosia Smith, a California girl who ranked eighteenth in women’s tennis, is worth more than $2,000,000 in her own name.
To Look
Well
Groomed
Being well groomed is an asset to everyone. To be well groomed you must have clean clothes in good condition. This is where we enter the picture . . . Since we are specialists in claning clothes and sewing up those minor rips and tears.
West Side
Cleaners
WE CALL FOR AND DELIVER 222 North Phone 4081
THE SHAVING KIDS
are prepared to give you the proper grooming for the Prom.
Red’s Barber Shop 327 State St.
Her Corsage of Distinction
of
4?
Distinctive Flowers Delivered on Time
C^tcLidi
Gardenias, Roses, Sweet Peas
Roth Florist, Inc.
635 Main St.
Phones 7955—8050
Luna Theatre Bldg.
!
'OX-
Ul^UOt
Be assured she will receive a corsage correct in every detail according to the latest fashion in flowers.
We suggest you come to our shop and let us help you select a corsage for her.
C^laxL A c^zyloxal C^o.
Civil EncinCferA'-All.dtUdbnta expectinii to tteiid Engineering camp repoi% to the
attend
University health deportment'at their three hour periods during the week of April 19, 26, and May 3, for typhoid inoculations.
—TODD.
P. E. W, Horseback Riding—Following girls report to Women’s Gymnasium April 14, at specified hours: 1:80—Ruth Ezra, Helen Landgrebe, Betty Brelsford, Ruth Wulfman, Betty Sexton, Margaret Meredith. 2:30—Georgia Elliott, Marian Frazier, Mary Haltman, Marie Wetzel, Georgianna Huber, Virginia Beck. If unable to keep appointment, telephone main office before H :80 a. m. —HAZELTON.
C. E. 21 Conditional Examination—Will be given April 17 from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 801 of the Civil Engineering Building. Please see instructor in advance. —SONESON.
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Grey Iron Castings
McGrath Machine & Foundry I South Third Stroot
ADULT TAP CLASS FOR BEGINNERS
Enroll WED., APR. 14, 6:00 P. M. Advanced THUR., APR. 15, 6 :00 P. M. PHONE 2150
Allen !S6th and Ferry
Why Process-Aging
enriches the flavor and aroma of this fine Pipe Tobacco
Prove it at our Risk
A
GING enhances the flavor and
same is true of tobaccos. As every tobacco expert knows, pipe tobacco can be rushed through the plant and save big sums of money. It’s pipe tobacco, but it is not Ekigeworth. Edgeworth is Process-Aged, a method as vital to these fine tobaccos as aging is to fine wines. Process-Aging requires twelve steps, each under laboratory control. It takes 4 to 7 times as long as might seCm necessary. But in no other way can we guarantee that EMgeworth will not bite the tongue. If Edgeworth is not the most delicious pipe tobacco you ever smoked or if it bites your tongue, your money will be cheerfully refunded.
NOTE: There are three kinds of Edgeworth for you to choose from: 1— Edgeworth Ready-Rubbed—a cool, long-burning tobacco preferred by seasoned smokers. 2— Edgeworth Plug Slice—for the smoker who likes to crumble the tobacco in his hands until it’s just right for him. 3— Edgeworth Jr.—the same to- / bacco also Process-Aged, but cut ^ for a milder, more free-burning smoke.
Please accept 50i Gold Plated Collar Pm for only 10# when you buy Edgeworth. Merely send inside white wrapper frotn any tin of Edgeworth with your name and address and 10# to Larus & Bro. Co., Dept. 300, Richmond, Va.
EDGEWORTH EDGEWORTHy^