r
\ m Purdue
Z-18S
Exponent
Volume# 51 No# 27
Wednesday# October 11# 1939
Campus Publications' Spokesmen Address Frosh, Sophomore Prospects Spokesmen representing campus studtent publications addressed freshman and sophomore prospects at a round table yesterday afternoon in the faculty lounge of the Union. Publications represented were Debris, Engineer, Scrivener, Pharmacist, Independent, Agriculturist, and Exponent. Debris ' n——
Representing Debris was John Van Horn, junior business manager, who explained the work of the editorial, business, and photographic staffs. The editorial staff is composed of the editor, co-ed editor, and eight junior members. Sophomores and freshmen work under these juniors doing the interviewing and writing articles. The business staff is under a senior and junior business manager, while those on the photographic staff work under a senior head. Engineer Bill Harris explained the purpose and working of the Engineer dividing the staffs into editorial and business. The editorial staff makes up the magazine under the leadership of the editor in chief, managing editors, and associate editors. The business staff is conducted bytwo seniors, who have under them freshman and sophomore workers. Workings of the Pharmacist were explained by J. E. Orr, who told of the purpose of the periodical. Editorial, circulation, business, and advertising staffs are all managed by a senior. Six issues are published each year, the work being done two or three weeks before date of issue. Independent Larry Archibald, editor of the Independent, told of the workings of his paper. Underclassmen do the writing, being managed by upper class officers. Agriculturist particulars were given fey Herschel Whitman, who explained that nine publications were to be put out this year. All work is done by Ag school students. Robert Munro, a member of the Scrivener staff, explained how his magazine was organized. It is a literary publication printing short stories, plays, essays, and poetry. Exponent R. E. Insley, editor of the Exponent, described the workings of the various staffs. He went into detail expl^ning how the editorial, business, ^sports, and co-ed staffs were organized. The n' xt forum will be held October 16 at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. Student self government organizations will be under discussion. Elliott, Ross Address Alumni Association Executive committee of the Purdue Alumni Association had a busy day Saturday, when it discussed ways nnd means to aid the University in its work. Several of the University officials discussed various University problems with alumni leaders. During a noon lunch the alumni heard talks from President E. C. Elliott, David E. Ross, president of the Board of Trustees, and other officials of the University. W. R. Winterrowd, ’07, Philadelphia business executive and president of the association, presided during the morning distussion session and luncheon. Flying Club Offers Four New Shares In Club Plane Last week through a change in the charter of the Flying Club it was voted to sell five more shares in the club’s new plane, one of which has already been sold. The club invites anyone who is interested in taking a share in the very near future to attend a meeting tonight in room C of the Union at 7 o’clock. The shares are $86 and entitle the owner to the use of the club plane at his convenience. The shares will depreciate at the rate of 26 per cent a year.
Proficient Musicians Receive Promotions To Honorary Ranks Showing exceptional proficiency in playing their chosen instruments, J. T. Agnew, C. A. Heidbreder, and J. N. Tait were awarded the honorary rank of chief musicians of the^' military band by Director “Spots”
Emerick.
Second only to the rank of mas-““ ter musician, they are entitled to wear one gold and two silver medals above the upper left pocket flap of
their uniforms.
Superior Musicians Other persons showing advanced knowledge and appreciation of music were awarded, the following ranks: Superior musicians, entitled to wear two silver medals: H. A. Todd, R. W. Bonner, R. A. Krull, and 0. C. Hathaway. Principle musicians, signified by one silver medal: J. L. Hackleman, E. C. Knight, H. L. Minkler, I. R. Dudley, P. E. Hassler, J. G. Martin, V. E. Dietrich, H. J. Massingham, C. R. Watson, and V. T. Hitchcock.
Bronze Medals
Musicians who may wear a bronze medal: J. E. Grim, J. M. Hannon, R. A. Hogue, M. H. Smith, R. W. Bond, A. L. Clifford, W. V. Fitzsimmons, N. H. Englehart, P. J. Fenn, N. V. Benedict, C. W. Cook, C. G. Moon, and L. W. Mayhak. Ceres Plan Steak Fry On October 13 Ceres, agriculture honorary, will hold a steak fry Friday, October 13, at 4 p. m. in the pasture of the Soil and Crops farm. The picnic is being given for all Agronomy staff members and students, with freshmen interested in Agronomy being espe-
cially invited.
Transportation to and from the barn will be provided free to all those who meet in front of Agricul- ^ ture Hall at 4 p. m. on Friday. Tickets for the event are priced at 26 cents and may be obtained from any
Ceres member.
Entertainment in the form of a softball game and horseshoe games » will be provided before the steak
frying begins.
Modellers Open Season Sunday Sunday, October 16, the Aeromodellers will open their 1939-’40 contest season at the airport with what is believed to be the first contest of its type to be held in the
Middle West.
The contest is to be one of duration for all types of model planes. Included in this group are rubber powered models, both stick and fuselage, all classes of gas models, and both hand-launched and tow-line
gliders.
All students are welcome to enter models, but the trophy will be awarded to a club member. There will be no entrance fee.
Band, Gas Buggies Lead Pep Session ToSendOff Team Let by the Purdue Military Band and antiquated gas buggies, ‘decorated in the individual styles of their various owners, the student pep section will parade from the Union across the levee to the Big Four station tomorrow at 6 p. m. to give the team a rousing feoost toward Minnesota. Although this is not intended to be a strictly motor parade, each fraternity and Social organization is expected to send representatives all decked out for this momentous occasion. For those so-called typical Purdue ^ds and co-eds whose first love is^ stomach, arrangements are joeing made at all fraternities, sororities, and residence halls to serve late suppers, so that no one need stay away for fear of being trampled in the mealtime rush. Come out prepared for vocal action, and we will see what we can do toward further insuring a win over the Gophers.
John Carter Closes First Convo Accompanied By University Choir
Unorganized Co-eds To Discuss PIA Aids; New Social Program Jerry Hinshaw, president of the Purdue Independent Association, will direct a discussion on the benefits of PIA to independent students at the Co-ed House Presidents’ Council meeting tomorrow night at 7:16 in room A of the Memorial Union building. The main point of the discussion will be the promotion of
a new social program.
Because of the election of officers later in the meeting, all residences housing six or more girls, are urged to send representatives. All other unorganized girls who are interest-
ed are invited to attend,
The aim of this meeting is to get independent students better ac-
quainted with PIA.
Riding Club Members oils Reserve Gridders
Roundup; Win Prizes To Play St. Joseph
Here Friday Night
University Riding Club emerged victorious from the Indiana Saddle Horse Roundup held Sunday at the Greeg farm in Indianapolis, Tom Weldon, club vice-president, received a silver cup for having ridden horseback from the farthest distance to the roundup. Weldon left his home Friday morning and arrived in Indianapolis Saturday night, having covered 120 miles. Mary Mather placed sixth in the novice jumping class, competing with a group of 25 in which she was the only woman. Miss Mather cleared seven out of eight jumps, all beautifully executed, / Dressed in black coats and gold ascots, the Purdue riders were one of the most attractive looking groups in the grand parade. Members of the club participating were: Dean Meyer, Tom Weldon, Ed Little, Mary Mather, Doris Sauvage, Done Martin, Wilma Bear, Howard Morton, Bill Schilling, Jack Halstead, and Tom Graham. There were over 500 horses and riders entered in the various competitive classes. At least 20,000 spectators
attended the meet.
Thursday night the riding club will have a reception in the faculty lounge of the Union. Old, new, and prospective members and all per- ^ sons* interested in the club are in-
vited to attend.
Schricker To Speak At Flora Ag Banquet Lieut. Governor Henry F. Schricker will speak at the banquet following the vocational agricultural com husking contest at Flora, Friday evening, according to H. H. Thompson, local vocational agricultural instructor and chairman of the ban-
quet committee.
Twenty-four regional winners from over the state have been or will be selected during the next day or two, and these winners will compete for the state title Friday afternoon at 1 o’clock on the Mummert farm northeast of Flora. The husking contest will be broadcast by
WBAA.
Newspaper
Alpha XI Delta
. . , Character, a movie dealing with newspaper makeup was shown before a group of campus journalists Monday afternoon in the Electrical Engineering building. The picture stressed modern methods of newspaper composing which increase reader interest in a paper and cut costs. Particular reference was made to modern styles of type and greater readibility of makeup.
. . . sorority held a tea in honor of their new house mother, Mrs. Elizabeth Pyle Jones, at the chapter house on Sunday afternoon from 3 tp 6. She was introduced to faculty members, alumni, patronesses, and presidents of sororities and fraternities. Mrs. Pyle Jones was formerly the Residence Hall director at BaldwinWallace College in Cleveland, 0.
Boilermaker reserves will make their first home appearance on the West Lafayette High school gridiron Friday night against the “B” team from St, Joseplji College. The game, which will start at 7:30, will be the first night collegiate game in local history. Student passports will be honored at the gate, while the price to the general public will be 40 cents. The “B” team will play two more games at home after the Friday night affair, one against Ohio State on November 11 and the other against Notre Dame the following week. Four Colleges Enter WAA Hockey Contest Women’s Athletic Association members will be hosts to four colleges at a hockey play day to be held on the campus Saturday, October 14. Morning activities will open at 10 o’clock in the women’s gymnasium. The program will consist of hockey contests between Ball State Teachers’ College, Indiana State Teachers’ College, University of Illinois, University of Chicago, and Purdue. Following the luncheon an exhibition match between Earlham College and the Chicago Field Hockey team will be held. Later in the afternoon a tea in the Memorial Union building will honor the guests. All WAA members and other interested co-eds are invited to attend the play day which is free. Activities Bureau Issues Second Call For Juniors Activities Bureau is issuing the second call for junior men to interview fteshmen. Juniors at this second session of interviewing will finish interviewing men students. Coed interviews were completed some time ago. Those men who have had previous experience in activities are preferred. Interviewers must have a thorough knowledge of activities on Purdue’s campus, and a genuine interest in personnel work and interviewing on the bureau. The work will count as an activity and those showing st great interest and superior ability will be awarded an activity key. Freshmen interviewing provides an excellent chance for training in personnel work.
Singing 'Ave Maria' As Final EtKore Carter Closes Two Day Program To the accompaniment of the University Choir and over 18 curtain calls, John Carter closed his two-day convo last night in Memorial Gyipinasium to the strains of “Ave Maria.” Due to his numerous curtain calls, as extra numbers he sang, “Smiling Through,” “Morning,” “The Donkey Serenade,” and “Ave
Maria.”
Accompanied By Choir When interviewed after the program Carter said, “I’ve done a lot of singing with groups of mixed voices and I really love it. I enjoyed immensely singing witTi the choir tonight and they gave a splendid performance.” Carter was literally mobbed backstage by autograph seekers. He finally led them up on the stage where he signed over two hundred programs of campus music appreciators on the top of the piano. Greeted by a spontaneous burst of applause as he walked on the stage Carter opened with “Rendi’l sereno al ciglio” and from there to the middle of the first of each number was greeted with enthusiastic applause. At the close of this first quarter he sang his first encore after two curtain calls. Enjoyed Himself At the close of the first half he was greeted with four curtain calls and sang his second encore. As he walked out on the stage for the opening of the second half, a large smile spread over his countenance as he again noted the applause which rang forth undiminished. At the conclusion of the “Flower Song” the aplause rang the rafters and in three quarter time to the tune of numerous curtain calls he sang another solo. Then in the final half of the program he sang four short songs, “Ah, Moon of My Delight,” “The Year’s at the Spring,” “I Dream of Jeannie with the Light Brown Hair,” and “A Spirit Flower.” Six More Calls When the regular part of the program was through there were no less than six curtain calls. His first encore was the ever popular piece, “The Donkey Serenade” which was greeted noisily both before and after the rendition. His second encore was “Ave Maria” which he sang in conjunction with the University Choir under the direction of Al
Stewart.
Meredith Club To Sponsor Tea Today All co-eds have been invited by the Virginia C. Meredith Club to attend a tea this afternoon from 4 to 5 o’clock in the Home Economics auditorium. No membership stubs are required for admission. Officers and sponsors will be introduced. Dean Mary L. Mathews of the Home/Economics school will address the group and Jeanne Horwitz, president of Omicron Nu, will speak on “The Activities of Omicron Nu.” There will also be callouts for workers on social, membership, publicity, and progi’am committees at the tea. Union Will Sponsor Graduate Reception Graduate students will be entertained at a reception tomorrow evening, October 12, from 8 to 12 in the Union reception room by the Purdue Memorial Hnion. Dean M. L. Fisher, Dean R. J. Dukes, Dean Dorothy Steatton and members of the graduate council and their wives will receive the guests. Entertainment will consist of cards in the vi'eception room to be followed by-dancing in the Union ballroomroAIl graduate students ai’e invited by the Union to attend the reception.
Senior Picture Deadline Near Bill Strong, Debris editor, urges all seniors to have their pictures taken at the appointed time or there may be many disappointed seniors when Debris comes out. Strong explained that Jerry Carlon of Dex-himer-Carlon Studios has been contracted for only a limited time and that at least 92 pictures must be taken per day or many of the seniors will be omitted, _Only slightly more than half the pictures scheduled for Monday and Tuesday were taken because the rest of those scheduled did not appear. All seniors who did not show up Monday or Tuesday are urged to come to the table outside the Debris office to make other arrangements immediately. Those seniors holding junior passports and who therefore have not been scheduled for a sitting are also asked to come up to the desk and make arrangements for a picture if they are expecting to graduate. Seniors who are not present at their scheduled time may be disappointed later on if they find they are too late to have their pictures^
taken.
Stale Fire Fighters Will Convene Here Care and the use of gas masks, fighting rural fires, first aid, public speaking for firemen, hook and ladder evolution, and the handling of volatile liquids and gases are only a few of the topics to come before Hoosier volunteer and professional firemen, who will attend the sixth annual Indiana Fire School to be held here October 23, 24, and 25. The school is part of the statewide training program for firemen conducted by the Engineering Extension Department of the University in cooperation with the state fire marshal’s office. Fire Chiefs’ Association, Firemen’s Association, Industrial and Volunteer Firemen’s Association, International Fire Fighters’ Association, and Indiana Inspection Bureau. ’ Camera Club Holds 'Print Criticism' Tomorrow Night To give photographers a chance to revise and improve their prints before the annual contest, the Camera Club will hold a “Print Criti-,^ cism” meeting tomorrow night, October 12, at 7:30. All camera fans whether they are club members or not are invited to attend. This meeting is being held primarily for the purpose of giving those who intend to enter prints in the annual fall exhibit, to be held in about six weeks, a chance to have their entries criticized and Tise these criticisms to improve the character of their work. Although the club has not arranged for any one particular speaker, several veteran student camera men will direct the discussion of the submitted prints. These will include members of the club who have exhibited prints in contests in the past and members of the Debris photography staff.P
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday^ October IL 1939
Jjumlif. JjtdL First Pep Parade ... of the 1939 gridiron season will fom tomorrow afternoon at 5 o’clock at the Union building. Plans are for the band to lead decorated cars and the student body across the levee to the Big 4 station for the team’s departure. Aside from forming an important factor in the development of team morale, pep parades and pep sessions have a definite value to the individual student, who merely stands on the side-lines and shouts. Loyal support will help to mold a strong team. That is a known fact to coaches, players, and students alike. More than this, the “pep” exhibitions serve as a safetyvalve for student enthusiasm. Where else except at the game itself, can eds and co-eds alike feel as free to-shout and cheer as they do at a pep session? Tomorrow’s parade, as planned, calls for decorated student cars . . . decorated for Purdue by Purdue men, and dedicated to the Minne-sota-bound gridiron contingent. Drawing up plans for decorations, gathering of material, and some of the actual work will have to start today in order to insure the most successful pep parade. There are enough vehicles on the campus of more or less ancient vintage to almost make a contest out of the cardressing idea. Pennants, colored paper, paint, and whitewash may all form important parts in the dress of tomorrow’s “floats.” Plan your afternoon tomorrow so that you can march across the levee, if you are not helping to decorate a car. The band will be there, and the Purdue Spirit will be waiting for you. Go and get it. Senior Mustaches ... have been almost drooping at the ends lately, as their owners worry about the problem of Debris photographs. The seniors don’t want to destroy their newly-cultivated objects d’art before the senior parade on October 21, nor do all of them relish having an upper-lip decoration appear in their more-or-less permanent Debris picture.
There appears to be no solution to the problem. Debris pictures are scheduled at the rate of 92 a day through October 26. Even if all senior women and non-objecting senior men were photographed before the game and the mustache-growers who wished a clean picture allowed to wait until after the game, the contracted final-photograph date with DexhimerCarlon studios could not be met. Conditions were not helped last night, when photographer Jerry Carlon announced that additional time and work necessary would make removal of mustaches by retouching impossible. Many seniors thought they could have their picture taken with mustaches, and have Carlon touch up the photograph to remove the cause of their troubles. According to Bill Strong, Debris editor, if all mustached seniors put off their pictures until after the Michigan State game the price of the book would have to go up. This would be necessary because Debris is now getting reduced rates on engravings by getting pictures in early. The fact remains that any seniors who do not have their pictures taken by October 26 must either go to Indianapolis to have the photograph taken, or be omitted from their yearbook. To meet this deadline, it is impossible for seniors to delay their sitting until after the Dad’s Day game and senior parade on October 21. Nobody is very happy about the affair, including students, photographer, and Debris officials alike. Under present conditions, however, nothing can be done about it. In case the first home game should fall at such a late date again in the future, perhaps this year’s Debris officials can work out a plan to leave for their successors so that future seniors can have their mustaches, for the senior parade, and still have a clean face in their Debri» photograph. Purdue Exponent R. E. Insley Editor-iii-Chief W. E. Smith Business Manager Phones: Editorial, 4005; Business, 5038; Sports, 2792 Published daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1108, Act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. This newspaper is written, edited, and published by under.graduates students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint.
Night Editor—^DeHoog
Issue Editor—RnSnet
A gentle reminder that the Gold Diggers’ Ball is only two days off . . . Put on your best face, felldws, and try to act nice to the girls. B & B They have the run of things around here now, but gently remind them that the Military Ball is also approaching. They may soften up a bit! B & B Myron Hawkins is having his troubles. He is open for a bid from either a freshman or sophomore coed. I don’t know what he has against the upperclass women. Could it be that they are too fast for him ? B & B There’s a good looking frosh coed on this campus who is also bothered by these so-called social functions. She is literally dying for a date to the Military Ball with CARL LUTZ. The least she can do is to take him to the dance Friday night! B & B AFTER DINNER STORY (Notice ... all soaks) The horse and mule live thirty years And nothing know of wines and beers; The goat and sheep at twenty die, And never taste of Scotch and Rye. The cow drinks water by the ton; And at eighteen is mostly done. The dog at fifteen cashes in. Without the aid of rum or gin. The cat in milk and water soaks, And then in twelve short years it croaks;
We Carry a Complete Line of Indirect Lamps DECKER’S
518-520 Main St.
Phone 6477
-A
FLOOR LAMP Three-way lighting floor lamp. Furnished either Ivory and Gold or Highlighted Bronze flnishes. Complete with 8-way bulb. With parch- QC ment shade With silk shade (il- (Q OC lustrated • •
A new bridge lamp design, in choice of Ivory and Gold or High-lighted Bronze finishes. Complete with bulb. With parch- Q^s jnent shade . , , v***''' With silk shade QC (Ulustrated) , .
TABLE LAMP Modern table lamp. In the new lower height. In either Ivory and Gold or High-lighted Bronze. Complete ^th bnib. With parch- tte QC ment shade ... j With silk shade QC (Ulustrated) . .
New Styles New Finishes in I.E.Sg Approved BETTER SIGHT LAMPS Choose your favorite style, your choice of finish and shade—ALL of these lamps are certified for lighting efficiency by the I. E. S. tag they carry. You can completely *Uight-condition” your home now with lamps that represent the newest developments of lighting science. See them all—any of them mean Better Light for your home.
14S, yould Just n '"direct^ .■ PicmrT a
«9S ,
BUT ANY OF THESE LAMPS WITH SMALL MONTHLY PAYMENTS I
fUBLIC SERVICE C0MPANY-0F--INDIANA
Elliott Opens Series Of Press Meetings Editors and business managers of all campus publications were guests of President and Mrs. Elliott at a buffet supper at their home Sunday evening. This gathering brought together the officers of-these publications in an expansion of press conferences which were inaugurated last spring. Similar conferences are planned for the coming year With Dr. Elliott when editors can obtain official views on various subjects which concern the University and the student body. Acacia . . . social fraternity, announces the following pledges: Jack Hopkins, Kendallville; Perry Clark, Syracuse, N. Y.; William Ruggles, South Orange, N. J.; Hugh Gommel, Indianapolis; Ed Rohrbaugh, Logansport; Bob McManus, Lo^ansport; Sam Betounes, Port Wayne;
The modest, sober, bone-dry hen Lays eggs for nogs, then dies at ten. All animals are strictly dry; They sinless live and swiftly die; But sinful, ginful, rum-soaked men. Survive for three score years and ten! —Prohibition Forever. B & B Most original of the boys who are planning decorations for their cars for the pep parade Thursday afternoon is RUSS MOCK. He wants to decorate his crate with Kappas and Thetas in Gold and Black shorts!
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
— WITH. WARREN WILLIAM IDA LUPINO —ALSO — "FLYING G-MEN," SERIAL THURS. - FRI. - SAT. PIRATES OF THE SKIES WESTERN jAMBOREE LONE RANGER RIDES AGAIN
—TODAY— TV/0 FIRST RUN HITS IRENE DARE ROSCOE KARNS EDGAR KENNEDY — in — EVERYTHINGS ON ICE — PLUS — Another Riotous Rough House Comedy SHOULD HUSBANDS WORK — with — James - Russel - Lucile GLEASON
m;
STARTS TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE MOVITA WARREN HALL — in — THE GIRL FROM RIO — PLUS — KING OF THE UNDERWORLD — with — HUMPHREY BOGART KAY FRANCIS
Bob Biedenweg, Port Wayne; Edwin Beddick, Rushville; Eugene Snyder, South Bend; John Keith, Bloomington; Harold Woolf, ^dianapolis; Earle Hienton, We^f Lafayette; RichardMulvey, Lafayette; James Wetzel, Indianapolis; William Miller, Dillsboro; Joe* Stall, Frankfort; Charles Franck, Indian- , apolis; William Guyer, New Castle; Robert McColly, Rensselaer.
\Ct/a,a,7Liu;JLl By Donna Seiss Instruction in ballroom dancing, which is being given to all interested co-eds by Miss Marjorie Case of the physical education department, is scheduled this week on Wednesday at 7:30 instead of Monday, the usual date, due to the University convocation. These lessons which are a new innovation of WAA are held in the Memorial Gymnasium and are open to all co-eds free of charge. Callouts for co-eds interested in intramural riflery will be held today at 4 p. m. in the Women's Gympasium. Kappa Delta Rho , . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Robert Jolls, Detroit, Mich.
LUMA — LAST DAY — ROBERT DONAT GREER GARCON — IN — 'GOODBYE MR. CHIPS" —ALSO — PRESTON FOSTER — IN — "NEWS IS MADE AT NIGHT"
THURS. - FRI. - SAT. EDMUND LOWE — IN — 'The Witness Vanishes' —ALSO — GENE AUTRY — IN — "MEXICALI ROSE"
MAMS
LAST DAY —
THE SIMPLE STORY OF A GREAT LOVE!
TOMORROW - FRIDAY CHARLIE OUIN TREASURE ISLAND SIDNEY TOLER
Panawnt pmnb Fred MacMurray Madeleine Carroll Allan Jones mmmooH IN BAir
THURS. - FRI. - SAT.t v‘'r‘' '^X 'f (‘hM J;*^* txA-f '1?“ X 1 iji'..Jfe-'te-’T' ‘‘X *r i^'
^ X iL
' rf V X *■
■*^« ,/v
tJj.
f 7
r' ^ f. ■if ‘^\ >‘ •W’ -aJ '‘^\r
Wednesday. October 11. 1939
^xpomnL «^EZ£iYfd. fiaqsL
Intramural Sports Softball Badminfon
With the last rounds of the interfratemity softball drawing to a close, 18 teams have a record of four or more wins and are slated as prospective finals competitors. Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Alpha Gamma Rho, and Phi Kappa Sigma hold a threeway tie for first place honors with a record of six wins and no defeats, While Lambda Chi Alpha and Pi Kappa Alpha are right behind with five wins and only one defeat.
Toudiball
All-campus touchball will begin tomorrow and will be conducted in the same manner as the softball competition. Each team will play two practice games before starting their regular schedule.
Starting next Tuesday badminton players will have a chance to display their ability any evening at the Pieldhouse in the All-Campus singles tournament. Entrance cards are available on the intramural sports bulletin board. Anyone interested in badminton should sign up. Cross Country Distance men will get their chance to shine in the All-Campus cross country meet Thursday evening on Intramural field. Runners will get their numbers in the Fieldhouse at 4 p. m. The distance is three times around the field, a distance of two and one-half miles.
IM Putting Contest Todayjomorrow All-campus golf putting competition will be “putted off” on the put--ting green out on intramural field on Wednesday, October 11, between 4 and 5:30. Each contestant will be allowed 25 putts with the score depending upon the number of holes made. Putters and balls will be furnish.ed by a manager who will be on hand. Winners of the first two places will be awarded keys. Frosh Basketball . . . candidates will work out in the Fieldhouse after 3 p. m., starting this week.
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings Photographers from Dexhimer-Carlon Studios. Indianapolis, are taking DEBRIS pictures in the DEBRIS Workshop, first door to the left at the top of the stairs on the second floor of the Union Building, starting at 8:00 a. m.. each Imorning. Every senior has a sitting scheduled for a definite time and will receive a cord through the modi telling the exact time of the sitting. DEBRIS editors state that it is very important that each senior report to the DEBRIS Workshop at his appointed time. If it is impossible for him to be there he should notify the DEBRIS office beforehand and make a different appoint-
ment.
A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regulor DEBRIS pictures and payable at the time the picture is taken.
IS
WEDNESDAY. OCT. 11 11:00 Abram, M. W. 8:20 Alexander, G. E. 9:10 * Anderson, R. A. 9.00 Cahill, J. B. 9.05 Caldwell, Anita 8:00 Canada, T. L. 1:05 Cantley, W. G. 8:10 Cappel, R. E. 10:00 Carlquist^E. 8 • 15 Carlson, A, B. 11:05 Carroll, Georgia 1 :00 Carson, Mary 8.25 Carter, Ethel 8.30 Carter, S. L 10.05 Carter, W. G 11:10 Case, P. W. 10 10 Case, W. B. 10:15 Caskey, R.H. 9.15 Cassity, R. 8 40 Chaffee, L L. 8.05 Chaille, Maxine 8.55 Chandler, R. L. 4.00 Chatham, E A. 9-20 Cheney, V A. 9:25 Childers, C. A. 11:15 Chu, Chien 1:10 Clapp, Winifred 1-15 Clark, EF. 2.00 Clark, H.K. 10.20 Clarke, A B. 1 1 '20 Cleveland, R. 11:30 Clinton, A H. 2 05 Clymer, Mary 1 :20 Coan, C. L. 1 :55 Cochrun, J. W. 1 -50 Coe, H. 2:55 Coffman, B. H. 11:35 Cohen, Estelle 11 .40 Colby, R. L. 4.10 Colip, C D. 3 05 Coll, I. M. 4*15 Cones, V. B. 10:25 Conklin, F. M. 1 :25 Conklin, R. H. 1:30 Cook, Barbara 11:45 Cook, Josephine 9.30 Cooley, Catherine 1:35 Coon, Virginia 4:20 Coonterman, L B. 8:45 Cooper, P. T. 9:35 Coppes, R I. 4:25 Cordua, F. R. 11:50 Core, W. R. 4:30 Cornell, L. A. 9:55 Couden, E. P. 3:55 Cougill, C. E. 3:50 Cox, Gladys 3:45 Cox, R. W. 3:40 Crankshaw, Margaret 2:50 Crawford, j. O. 4:35 Cregan, J. D. 8:50 Crepps, Thais 4:40 Croft, W D.
mo
3:35
Crow, W. R.
2:45
Croop, F. J.
4:45
Crum, C. J.
4:50
Culp, G. R.
3:30
Curnich, J. C.
4:55
Curtner, R. L.
2:40
Daley, J. L.
11:55
Dann, T. E.
2:30
Danner, P. H.
10:30
Darnell, M. C.
1:45
Davidson, Melba
1:40
Davis, J. 0.
10:55
Davis, J. J.
2:15
Davis, M. L.
2:20
Davis, R. L. .
2:10
Davison, Joyce
2:25
Day, Roy
3:15
Dean, J. 1.
3:20
Deer, H.
10:35
DeHoog, R. F.
10:40
Denzier, J. J.
9:40
Deshong, J. A.
10:45
DeWitte, L. R.
10:50
Dickey, A R.
9:45
Dietrich, V E.
9:50
Dougherty, R. V.
3:00
Goldstein, H.
2:35
Gross, Willomine
3:25
Gustafson, Ma'-guerite
3:10
Miller, P. E.
8:35
Reece, Lois
4:05
Wells, W. H.
Thursday, Oct. 12, 1939
8 45
Christy, P A.
8 30
Coffey, R.
3.15
Edson, Lloyd Joanne
10 45
Faas, J A
10 35
Finch, Kenneth W.
4 00
Fink, R A.
4 55
Hegg, W. S
9 00
Ince, Rosemary
8 00
Insley, R E.
10 00
Irick, P E
10 05
Irwin, C E
1 00
Jackman, C E.
1 05
Jackson, C K.
10 10
Jackson, J B.
11 00
Jacobson, L. A.
9 05
James, Carroll Dana
9 10
Janota, R
8 05
Jantac, A R.
1 1 05
Jelnick, T
10 15
Jenkins, R.
8:10
Jenkins, W R.
1 1 :10
Jessup, W S.
1 1 :15
Jewett, H. S.
8.15
Jewett, Lois
10 20
Johnson, E A.
1 -10
Johnson, E H.
1 15
Johnson, G E.
9:15
Johnson, Jay
9 20
Johnson, Joyce
1 -20
Johnson, L A.
8 20
Johnson, Marietta
9 25
Johnston, R. J.
1 25 Johnson, R. K. 10 25 Jones, C. R. 1:30 Jones, Jean 1:35 Jod^s, R F. 10:30 Jones, H. C. 8:55 Jones, C. E. 11 .20 Jordan, R. K. 8:50 Jorgeson, Althea 9.30 Juillard, L. G. 10.55 Kanally, J. E. 11 :25 Kane, W P. 10:50 Kany, R. C. 9.35 Karczmarez, T. J. 1 .40 Karnowsky, M. 1 .45 Kashnes, H. W. 2 00 Kaufman, Rachel 2 05 Keating, L D I 1 30 Keen, R N 2 10 Keesling, Gula 9 55 Kelble, K C. 9 50 Keller, A B 1 55 Keller, M A. II 55 Kelly, E C 2 1 5 Kemmer, P. 2 20 Kepner, Ellen 2 25 Keppler, A T. 2 30 Kessler, R N. 4 15 Kester, G 4 20 Kester, H 4 25 Kettabu, P E. 4 30 Keys, W D. 3.55 Kimmel, K. L. 4 35 King, O F. 8 25 Kinney, R D. 3 50 Kirkby, Norman 3 45 Kirkpatrick, Edith 8 40 Klein, Sister Laurina 3.40 Klink, E. C. 4 40 Sebring, P B. 1 50 Segrave, H J. 2 55 Selke, G H. 4 45 Serowick, B. 2:50 Shiley, S W. 9.45 Shiliinger, W D. 4 50 Shoemaker, J. W. 2 45 Simmons, J. 8 35 Simmons, R M. 11:40 Simon, R C. 1 1 45 Sims, G W. 2 40 Singer, Annesther 2.35 Singer, Carolyn E. 3 35 Singer, J. 9 40 Sittig, M 11.50 Skinkle, M J. 3:30 Skinner, Helen R. 3 -25 Skinner, R E. 4.10 Smiley, Dorothy Jane 3.20 Smith, C. S. 10 40 Smith, G. W. 3 10 Smith, J P. 3 05 Smith,, J H. 4 05 Smith, K. 3 00 Smith, Muriel 1 1 .35 Weeks, J C.
Cbebhiiu “CompisdsL QampuA, CooaJtaqsL'
^iotr/oh'* QhoixJL By Robert J. Deekard
“We’ve got more left-hand-ed basketball players than you can shake a stick at,” Ward Lambert, Boilermaker varsity basketball mentor, commented yesterday afternoon as he and . FC chatted on the sidelines of the net floor in the Fieldhouse. —^fc— And he wasn’t wrong! Southpaws actually flourished among the some-70-odd aspiring frosh netmen who were barreling up and down the floor tuning up for the coming seasonl —^fc— “Some 80 men have showed up during these pre-season sessions the last week or so,” he continued, “and we expect more when the football season and fall baseball practice is over. “Nothing of importance is going on now,” Ward said. “The lads are just getting in gear, sharpening up their shots and getting the ‘feel’ of the ball and the floor.” —fc— “How do you select men for your varsity team?” we asked Lambert after a pause. “If they’ve got the courage (later
Riveters Open Big Ten Race Against Minnesota
he called it ‘guts’) and some ability and show it, 1 usually have a pretty good idea of what kind of players they will turn out to be,” he said. “There’s something else about good players that attracts my attention. I like them with a natural ‘shuffle.’ By that I mean they have an easy motion on their feet and can stop, pivot, and shoot on a moment’s notice.” “Usually they’re bow legged,” he added. —^fc— “See that fellow out there?” he asked. Yep, we saw him. “Watch him. He’s got a shuffle.” —fc— This “fellow” tore down the floor, received the pill on the run, pivoted, and shot easily and naturally. Later he made a neat crip shot under the bucket. “There’s your shuffle!” Ward adyised. —fc— With practice over. Ward “shuffled” off the floor and we ‘shuffled” down to the office, satisfied with the “education” we had picked up during a 30-minute talk with Ward Lambert, Boilermaker varsity basketball mentor.
Save 20c on Your Lunch EAT AT TOM'S Complete Dinner Old Fashioned Yankee Pot Roast FREE — Cup of Tom's Coffee with Pure Cream
Across From The Armory
Designed for REAL RELAXATION The Unusually Fine Mattresses and Linen in the Union Club Rooms PROVIDE Beds of Restful Comfort Also Private Baths and Private Telephones. Attractive Furniture and Furnishings ADD TO COMFORT AND DIGNITY JPUL fiWvdjJUL TybufuOiiaL lAniofL The Corner of the Campus-^ Yet the Center of Activities
Encounter Golden Gophers At Minneapolis Saturday Preparing for the Boilermakers’ Big Ten opener at Minneapolis next Saturday when they meet the Golden Gophers of Minnesota, the Riveter grid forces yesterday abandoned contact work for the day in continuation of Coach Mai Elward's effort to bring the squad toward the peak of physical condition for Saturday's battle. Drill In Fieldhouse Driven indoors by unfavorable weather, the Boilermaker gridders attacked the problem of devising ways and means of stopping Minnesota’s vaunted power attack. Little doubt is held in the minds of the Riveter mentors as to the scoring punch in the Gophers’ offense; especially after Dutch Fehring, who has scouted both of Minnesota’s games, came back with a report of the Northmen’s 62-0 route of a highly touted Arizona eleven. With the Gophers also attacking from the air, the Boilermakers are faced with the problem of keeping their aerial defense at the high level to which it had ascended during the Notre Dame contest. Reports from Minneapolis show that the Gophers threw more passes against their first two opponents this year than they did during their entire schedule last season. Against Arizona alone, the lads from Minneapolis resorted to the air a total of 21 times and were successful in an even dozen of their attempts. Boilermakers Confident Feeling that Minnesota’s untimely defeat at the hands of Nebraska’s Cornhuskers last Saturday will cause the Gophers to be in an ugly mood when they clash with the Boilermakers this week-end, the Riveter coaches are preparing to face a determined Minnesota squad. Dutch Fehring’s report that the Riveter linemen at their best outshine Bierman’s charges, has done much to fill the atmosphere of the Boilermaker camp with an air of confidence.
RIDE YANKEE TRAILWAYS — DIRECT TO — One Round Way Trip CHICAGO $1.95 $2.95 GARY $1.95 $2.95 VALPARAISO $1.55 $2.80 INDIANAPOLIS . $1.25 $2.25 LOW RATES TO DETROIT, PITTSBURGH, NEW YORK, PEORIA, ST. LOUIS, DALLAS, TEX., LOS ANGELES, AND MANY OTHER POINTS.
208 N. 5th ST.
PHONE 4475
British as the King^s Quard!
It pairs $igo
Made as in England on machinery imported from England ... their neat, re* fined appearance and their snug ankle fitf give them snap and character*
mmmr
rn^ffWfiiWM
-X ■'“n"
THE PURDITE EXPONENT
Wednesday* October IL 1939
Flying Club
. . . will sponsor a radio program tomorrow at 1:30 p. m. over WBAA. Lloyd Clinton will interview K. D. Wood, head of the aeronautical department. The interview concerns the reserve program, plans to be carried out this year in connection with aeronautical engineering, and the experimental planes which are to be built and tested this year. I-M Schedules SOFTBALL Today Diamond 1— S4 vs. HI. 2— F4 vs. Al. 3— E4 vs. Bl. 4— D4 vs. Cl. 5— C4 vs. Dl. 6— B4 vs. El. 8— H4 vs. SI. 9— S3 vs. H2. 10— F3 vs. A2. 11— E3 vs. B2. 12— D3 vs. C2. 13— C3 vs. D2. 14— B3 vs. E2. 16—A3 vs. F2. 16—H3 vs. S2.
NOTICES
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Mortar Board: Meeting Thursday, October 12, at 6:30 p. m. in the women’s lounge. —SAURERS.
SAE Members: Election of officers Thursday, October 12, at 7:30 p. m. in room F of the Union. All members are urged to be present. —HEGG.
Thomas Say Entoniological Society: Meeting will be held Thursday, October 12, at 7:30 p. m. in room 103 of Ag Hall. —KNAPP.
YWCA Cabinet: Picnic postponed until Thursday, October 19. Cabinet meeting Thursday, October 12, at 4 p. m. in office. All members please be present. —COOLEY.
Battery A2: Meet for important softball game at 4 :16 p. m. Wednesday, October 11, at the south door of the Armory. —SOUTH.
Riding Club: There will be a reception Thursday, October 12, at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union for all persons interested in the Purdue Riding Club. —MEYER.
TOUIHBALL—PRACTICE GAMES Today Field Official 1— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Chaffee 2— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Witsman 3— Sigma Chi vs. Delta Chi. Leppla 4— Sigma Nu %'S. Delta Upsilon. Swing 5— ^Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Juillard 6— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. l,ambda Chi Alpha. Smithson 7— Triangle vs. Kappa Sigma. Papurca 8— Acacia vs. Theta Xi. Luce.
Classified Ads ROOMS FOR RENT FOUR ROOM and bath unfurnished apartment. Strictly modern, large rooms, front and rear private entrances. 176 Littleton. Call 2919.
FOR RENT—Two-room furnished apartment. All new furniture, hot and cold water, gas and lights, $35.00 per month. 175 Littleton. Call 2919.
BOARD AND ROOMS—Experienced cook. Very reasonable. Phone 2416. FOR SALE
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Eberahoff, 60E Main Street.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTED—Three bids to Gold Diggers Dance. Call 75183. John Smith.
WANTED—Roommate in double room. Single beds. 131 S. Grant St. Mrs. W. I. Atkins.
NEW VICTOR RECORDS
On Sale This Week
• 26369 My Prayer—F.T. (V.R.) If I Knew Then (What I Know Now)—F.T. (V.R.) Sammy Kaye • 26370 Alla En El Rancho Grande (My Ranch)—F.T. (V.R.) Shoot the Sherbet to Me Herbert—F.T. (V.R.) Tommy Dorsey • -26371 Hot Mallets—F.T. When Lights Are Low —F.T. Lionel Hampton • 26372 Jackie Boy—Vocadance Sing Something Simple— Vocadance Maxine Sullivan Swing Classic
The Foster Shop Authorized Dealers RCA - VICTROLAS - VICTOR RECORDS East Side Square
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Hardware
e School Supplies
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Professional
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
• Jewelers
• Dairy Products
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY' at Moderate Prices
M. E. MOREHOUSE DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Locksmith
• Dine
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
All Freshmen: Fresnmen science students and others interested In improving their ability to read attend meeting on Wednesday, October 11, at 4:00 in second floor lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. Test of reading ability will be given and film will be shown and exercises given to increase speed of reading. —ENDERS.
Battery D2: Softball game Wednesday, October ll, at 4:15 on diamond 18. Everyaody out. —STRAHLING. Catalyst Club: Senior Parade Committee meet in Union lobby at 7 p. m. Wednesday, October 11. —COUNTERMAN.
Gimlet: Important dinner mebting at Phi Deltb Theta house Wednesday, October 11, at 6 p. m. Please bfing money or tickets from freshman-varsity game. —FRAZEE.
Sophomore Union Worker*: Important meeting of my staff on Wednesday, October 11, at 4 p. m. in the Union office. —CROW.
WAA Social Dancing: Class will meet Thursday, October 12, at 7 :30 p. m. in the Women’s Gym instead of Wednesday as previously scheduled. —COOK.
Green Potter Petitions: Petitions for offices of president, vice president, secretary, and treasurer of Green Potters must be obtained before 4 p. m. Thursday, October 12, at Student Senate offices In Union. —OCHILTREE.
Glider Club: Work sessions at the Airport Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday afternoons. All pledges are expected to attend. —^MILLER.
Omicron Nu: Meeting Thursday, October 12, at 4 p. m. in roolh 107 of the HE building. Please be present at the joint tea Wednesday, October 11. —HORWITZ.
Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting in Agriculturist room of Union Thursday, October 12, at 7:30 p. m. This date is for this week only because of convocation. Hereafter on Tuesday. Attendance is compulsory. —LILLY.
Committee of 100: There will be a meeting of all members of the Committee of 100 Thursday. October 12, at 7:80 p. m. in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering building. —^DOAN.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting In room A of the Union on Wednesday, October 11, at 7:46 p. m. —SICKMAN.
Delta Rho Kappa: Regular meeting on Wednesday, October 11, at 4 p. m. in the Agricultural office. Union building. Please bring 60 cents dues. —BSTEY. Silver Mask: All members of Silver Mask please attend a special meeting in the old Agriculturist’s office on Wednesday, October 11, at 6 p. m. —^NEPTUNE. Scabbard and Blade: Important meeting at 7:80 p. m. Wednesday, October 11, in room F of the Union. —OLSON
Catalyst Club: All Catalyst actives are urged to attend the AIChE meeting in the Union ballroom at 8 p. m. Wednesday, October 11. Catalyst pledges are required to attend the meeting. —OMOHUNDRO.
Alpha Zeta: Regular meeting at 7 p. m., Wednesday, October 11, in room A of the Union. Important. —HITCHCOCK.
Glider Club: Meet Thhrsday, October 12, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union. Attendance for pledges and members is compulsory. Bring dues. —MILLER.
WAA Ballroom Dancing Class: Due to convocation the class will meet Wednesday, October 11, instead of Monday. —COOK
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Important meeting Thursday, October 12, in Chemistry 106 at 7 p. m. —HALL.
Flying Club: Meeting Wednesday, October 11, in room C of the Union at 7 p. m. Four shares in the new plane are now available. —KIMBALL.
Junior Military: Sections O, D, E, and P will form in the space north of the Armory Thursday, October 12, to participate in Corps Day Review. A motor battalion will be organized. Wear uniform if available. —PICKERING
PIA Dance Class: Thursday, October 12, between 4 and 6 p. m. is the last opportunity to register for the dance classes. The first meeting will be held Thursday, October 12, at 7 p. m. in the PIA office. —LUTZ.
SENIOR CORDS
436 Main SL
Phone 3972
IS THERE A STRAIN ON YOUR FAMILY TIES?
ARROW TIES ARE BETTER BU^ SEE THIS WEEK’S POST
V
-— -— v V./ ; ■> ^
mWm wW
► By radio from Paris, just as this issue of the Post went to press, came the real explanation of Stalin’s strategy in signing his pact with Hitler. Was the real coup German —or Russian? Read why Stalin engineered a cold-blooded plan to sacrifice international communism and plunge Europe into war. Stalin Over Europe by DEMiEE BESS
'"''''I Xi;'} A'; w i;
★ ic ★
BURIED TREASURE! Buried deep on a tiny island off Nova Scotia is a treasure hoard which has baffled diggers for 144 years! And the deeper they dig, the more excited they get at what they find. Here’s a mystery story that rivals Capt. Kidd’s. The Money Pit by PARKER B/IORELL TROUBLE AT 2 A. M. Gangsters tipped off Tony Reseck, house detective. “Get that girl in 14A out, flatfoot. She’ll lead trouble to you.” But Tony decided to go meet the trouble. A dramatic short story. ITl Be Waiting by RAYMOND
CHANDLER
SECRETS OF A FOOTBALL “REF.” How does i he know where the ball is on trick plays? What “secrets” do coaches tell him in the dressing room before the game? Here’s an amusing play-by-play description of his job by one of the gridiron s best-known officials. I’m Always on the Spot by WILLIAM H. (Red) FRIESELL TWO-GUN SLAPPEY RIDES AGAIN! rsethe champeen cullud cowboy of the world!” Those rash words were to get Florian Slapp^y a job at the Bar-Nothing Dude Ranch. (Ah, wicked, wicked fate!) A short story by OCTAVIIS ROY
COHEN
“IN THIS CAGE IS A SOUTHERN GENTLEMAN.” That’s what the card said on the strange present Colonel Venus was sending to South Carolina. A short story that will entertain you with a sport kings enjoy. The Venus Mugwump, by HERBERT RAVEN EL SASS
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
HI-YO, SILVER! Millions of people hang on his words — but only a handful know what he looks like! Who fs the Lone Ranger? Who’s the “brain” behind him ? The Post brings you the phenomenal story of Public Hero No. 1. By J. BRYAN, 111 ONLY A FANATIC WOULD GO FISHING! It seemed odd that the stranger who chartered the Poseidon was so set on braving the Gulf in a storm. And seemed pleased even when he lost a whopper! A rare short story of the human side of big-game fishing. Blowing East by PHILIP WYLIE “SUBMARINE TO STARBOARD!” chief Gunner’s Mate Terry Sullivan, U.S.N., had his orders. “Go aboard the windjammer Cytherea and see she gets to Eiuope safe.” What could he do to save this lumbering old “pickle tub” carrying only two three-inch guns ?... An exciting sea adventure — And Iron Men by ALLAN R. BOSWORTH CAROLINA ROMANCE. The first flush was on the peach fruit when Charles and Tamar drove home — he to buy up pottery, she to dazzle all with this stranger she had met. But Ame, waiting for them, had no welcome in his look.. .The story of a woman’s choice. I Am the Clay by RUTH
BURR SANBORN
“I RUN A GARAGE —• heaven help me!” You park your car in garages.., but do you know what you do that drives the men w-i-l-d? A garage rhan with a sense of humor clears up those horrid mysteries of “Who dented my fender? and Who left the key on?” Read '‘It Was All Right When I Brought It In"
AUTOMOBILE ANNOUNCEMENTS Thisis AutomobileShow week in New York and this week’sPost ^ a record number of advertising columns O^eest 'n eight ye^s). You will find a thriUing display of ^'^tomotive news for dally the color advertisement on pages 116 and 117, America Hitched Its Wagon to a Car!” Get your copy of the Post today.