MERRY<GO<ROUND ! Pind^ Soittething Ndw-^ 'Mevry-Go* Round', Rage 3
^C/OMeHl
SPGRTS Geitapo I>f*c(^^s0f Pi^oeR, •# Varsity Game On ta§« Z
V&lum^ 53, No. 69
West Lafayette^ Indiana
Wednesday, Decembet 9, t94t
Varsity Defeats Freshmen, 54-26, In Intrasquad Battle As 1,372 Spectators Attend Swantz Looks Good Ai Pivot GovernmentWill'Offer As Sophs Shine For Varsity; New Defense Training George Fields Tops Scoring Course On Explosives
By Ted Clark
In an mtrasquad game that was just a bit more ragged than usual Piggy Lambert’s varsity topped a clever, but erraiic, freshman team, 54-26 on the Fieldhouse court last night An official estimate stated that 1,372 attended and each person down to the last grade school kid went home pleased with the evening’s entertainment he had witnessed for a quarter. In addition‘to the game the Purdue Order of Zouaves put on an exhibition crowded with new foimations and the Gimlets and Reamers made their
annual “grudge” battle just a bit more faroical than pregame publicity indicated Fred Graf was most impressive as Cadet Colonel director of the
Zouaves
Swantz Has the Makings
A fivesome composed of Captain Pon Blanken, Frosty Spiowl, Bob
Henry . Dyer To Speak Tonight For Meeting Of Co-op Association Henry Dyer 6f Chicago, eduoa _
tiOlmt ttiiectoi of the Cential States John‘‘conrad''an7Al"Menke Coopeiatives, Inc, will be the guest gj^rted for the varsity Midway in Speaker at an educational meeting first half Lambeit sent in Rudy hr the Student Co opeiative asso Lawson, Mickey Tieiney, Chailey ciation this evening at 7 30 in loom Cecil Polk and Jumpin’ 363 of the Union Dyei will discuss j^ck Swantz The lattei looked like "yhe Function of a Co operative ^ genuine college ball playei and
in a Time of Inflation
utilized his height to the utmost
Following his address there will m collaiing the lebounds and mak he fin 9^en discussion on pioblems mg a good peicentage of his fol hf focal CO opeiative gioups and lowup shots iing the bell the pieSent economic situation Dr Swantz toweis about five inches Coidon Giaves will be chairman above the six foot maik Unlike foi t^e evening and will pieside the oidinaiy run of tall basketeers
Swantz moves about smoothly on jointly the flooi and does not seem awk-
waid
The first half ended with Pig (Continued on page 4)
opeh foium
The meeting is being
sfionsoied by the Student Co-opei afive Association and the Lafayette CohSurneis’ Co op Society The piogiam is open to interested stu 4ehts, townspeople, and faculty
members cfh
Weather Bureau Gives Rain, Temperature Data Local tempeiatuies foi Novem
FBI To Train Police For Defense Work In line with the national defense a tiaining school sponsoied by the 1 ederal Buieau of Investigation is being held m Indianapolis for the
bei avefaged thiee degiees highei instruction of Indiana policemen than noimal, according to figuies The school staited Monday and leleased by Paul Lehman, weathei^ will continue until Satuiday obsefvei of the Univeisity The Chief Bums of the West Lafay thermoinetei leached a high of 72 ette police foice and Lieutenants on Nov 17 and a low of 16 on Nov Paul Clinker and Edward Failey of 24 Mean tempeiatuie fei the the Lafayette police depaitment aie month was 44 9 degiees attending the appioximately 40 Total lainfall foi the month was houi couise of instiuction The in 3 68 inches as compaied with the stiuction coveis registration of average of 2 66 inches Theie was aliens handling cases of sabotage, one inch of snowfall on Nov 23 the study of incendiary bombs and e h a other phases ot defense i w b
Anante Khittasangka, Thailand Student,
1! ’
Obtains Special West Point Appointment
By Bill Hoskins
Wol’d was received yesterday by the University Publicity office that Anante Khittasangka, fieshman engineer from Thailand, has received a special appointment to West Point military kchdemy Official confirmation of the appointment has not yet i cached Khittasangka, but is expected within the
next few days
^his aTipointment culminates five years ot waiting, duiing whidh time Khittasangka has been in France and Belgium, attending various universities there while he made repeated school m the little countiy of Thaiattempts to get in an advanced wheic his fathei holds some
military school Due to the
fact that most advanced mihtaiy Qj^ma, is m the area of much of academies have veiy definite le- conflict in the Smo Japanese stiictions concerning the entrance time of foxeign students, his applica u a < x? i
tions were turned down at seveial
places
Plaimi^d Last Summer
When Khittasangka came to the mde government and has remained U S last summer, his guardian m so, according to Khittasangka, be the Thailand legation at Washing cause “We are filends with eveiytbii, D C, made arrangements to body” send him to school here pending Indication of the unsettled sit some nation in Thailand was the fact West Point Knowledge of his ap that Khittasangka couldn’t defi pointment came as a complete sur nitely state his father’s position in piise to him, being lelayed indirect the government, exemplified by iy through the University Publicity his observation that a man might office be prime minister one day, and m Khittasangka attended military jail the next
As a continuation of the series of national defense training courses, the United States Office of Education is sponsoring another couise in the chemistry of powder and ex plosives through the University Classes in the course will begin Jan ^6 at Arsenal Technical High School in Indianapolis Prof C W Beese announced the new course yr a speech given last Saturday in Indianapolis Beese said that the recent construction of another large ordnance plant in Indiana had greatly increased the demand for trained powder in specters Classes Meet at Night Classes will meet on Monday, Wednesday and Friday nights at 7 p m with a labor atoiy section each Saturday morning Comprising the couise will be lectures, laboratory work and demonstrations covering the manufacture and testing of common explosives ,with a study of then chemical components and var lous tests applied during the manu factuie of explosives and the load ing of shells Two years of college chemistry, including one year of oigamc chemistry, are minimum re quirements Graduates Qualify as Inspectors Satisfactory completion of the course will qualify students to act as explosive inspectors for the fed eial government or as operators and inspectors for manufactuiing plants More than 86 per cent of the men enrolled in last springs couise have found jobs in this field George T Austin of the School of Chemical and Metallurgical Engi neering will have charge of instiuc tion The couise is tuition free Forestry Club Holds Meeting Tonight, 7:30 Jumoi membeis will have charge of the regular Forestry club meet ing at 7 30 tonight in room J17 ot the Hoiticultuie building They will present a skit entitled “The Shoot in’ of the Dangerous Dan McGiew ’ This IS the same skit that was pre sented by the juniors at the annual spring banquet last year The cast will include R Gavit, B Radcliff, W Bio'wn, S Sudaith, P Mainers, T Ferguson, J Abei nathy, T Shead and M Myers
j d s
Exponent- Coeds Entire editorial coed staff re port for work on the coed edition this afternoon at 4 —ROSE
Sophs^ To Meet OnWB^AQuiz Show Tonight By Jean Lauer Another first for our campus will be aired tonight at 8 00 when mem bers of Alpha Lambda Delta and Skull and Crescent, sister and brother sophomore honaries, stage the first quiz program ever broadcast over station WBAA Team Members The teams will be composed of three members each Alpha Lambda Delta has announced Virginia Lee Macponald, president, Beth Ludbeig, and Jean Lauer as its representatives, while Skull and Crescent haS selected A1 Menke, president. Pinky Smith, and Ken Roquemore Ernie Nordlingei and Barbara Noid will serve as master and mistress of ceremonies, asking questions from a list prepared by the Student Art Guild This quiz program is a p^rt of the senes of programs which'the guild sponsors weekly Foolish Questions The questions are on the nonsensical side and will prove to be a source of embarrassment to the contestants and provide fun for the listener Everyone is invited to attend the broadcast, which will be held in WBAA’s audience studio Prizes will be awarded to the high scoring individual as well as his organization m J1 SAE To Show Three Movies On Engines, Synthetics Tonight At 7 30 this evening the Society of Automotive Engineers will show three movies in room 207 of the ME building The public is invited to attend these films “Wings for Defense” is the title of the first film, which concerns the most widely discussed an plane engine of the day, the liquid cooled Allison engine The movie, which was filmed behind the locked doors of Allison’s new plant in Indianapo lis, shows many of the manufactui ing and testing techniques used in building Ihese engines The film al so contains scenes of the Army’s new bomber, fighter, and inter cep tor planes Ihe second film, “Diesel the Modern Power depicts the dcvel opment and the principle ol the modern Diesel engine and its fu tuie in industry and defense ‘ Frontiers of the Future,” the thud film, IS a tale of near fan tasy It shows the making of wool from cheese, gears, jewelry and plastics liom'totton and sour milk, perfume tiom coal and gasoline from sea sand p s Prof. C. H. Robinson of the agiicultuial engineer mg depai tment is in Chicago today to attend meetings of the American Society of Agricultural Engineers Convention at the Stevens Hotel Prof Poynei will also attend this meeting
University Owned Steer Wins Grand Championship At Chicago Livestock Show
Entries In Hog, Lamb Division Make Outstanding Showing; All Raised On University Farm
Otto Abshier Speaks On Driver Education At Safety Conference “We must preach to truckers that our present laws are reasonable'* and must be obeyed or we will have another epidemic of restrictive regulations,” said Otto Abshiei, state legislator from Indianapolis, president of the Abshier Truck Lines, in one of the feature addresses yesterday morning be fore the second annual commercial vehicle safety school on the campus Opened Yesterday Opening yesterday morning, the safety school will end with a talk by James S Lawrence this afternoon The general topic of this morning’s session is ‘ Diivei Education and Enforcement” and the topic of this afternoon’s session will be ‘ Safety Programs and Ac tivities ” Maintenance “Preventive Maintenance’ pro vided the mam theme for yesterday afternoon s session at which the principal speakers were H H Allen, mechanical engineer of the Interstate Commerce Commission, H 0 Mathews, of the public util ity and service coipoiation, Steve Johnson Ji , general engineer Bendix Westmghouse Automotive All Brake Co An actual road check demonstia tion was conducted last night with the CO operation of the state police
1 t e
Dr. Esther Brunauer To Address AAUW, Meeting Today, 4:30 “Powei Politics and Democracy” IS the title of the talk to be given by Di Esther Caukin Brunauer of Washington D C for all students today at 4 30 p m m Room 318 formerly the Women’s lounge, of the Union Dr Biunauei AAUW Associate in International Relations, will also speak before a special meeting of the Ameiican Association of Univcisity Women at 7 46 pm in rooms 332 334 fol lowing the AAUW dinner in her honor Di Biunauei spent 1933 in Germany as a fellow ot the Carl Schuiz Foundation and at this time was granted an interview with Hitler Al the present tunc she is active m lefugee work for the In ter national Federation of Univei sity Women In 1924 Dr Biunauei graduated tiom Mills College and is now pies ident of the Mills College Alumni Association She obtained hei doc toi’s degree at Stanford Univei sity e 1 a
By Dale Butz
Loyal Alumnus IV, a middle weight steer calved and raised on the University farm, was picked as the Grand Champion fat steer of the 1941 International Livestock Exposition yesterday in Chicago The Grand Championship is the highest
award given at the livestock show
The purple ribbon winner is a middle weight steer sired by an Angus, Peerless Revolution, whose dam was a Shorthorn, Browndale’s Lady Mina
Calved on the farm July 4, 1940, the Grand Champion has been carefully fed and cared for by beef-cattle herdsman.
Gillie Stewart
Grand championship was award ed after wins in several preliminary shows On Monday the Champion won his weight championship and was adjudged the champion of the Angus breed Yesterday’s show was
Five Named To Speak At Speech Convocation In Fowler Hall Tonight
Speech 14 classes will hold their semi annual convo tonight at 7.15,
, , in Fowler Hall, when the five best
in competition with the champions speakers in the present classes de-
af all the other beef breeds and the ^
University steer topped them ^11 This IS really a distinction when the number and quality of the animal
(Continued on page 4)
Military Department Will Participate At Covington 'Blackout' Demonstration At a “blackout” demonstration to be staged at Covington between 9 and 9 30 p m Monday, Dec 16 two field pieces of the University Military Depaitment will take part The arrangements were completed here this moining by general chair man DeVon Hegg, it was announced by Col D M Beeie Lt G L Brown, who is in charge of two 75’s, will be accompanied to Covington by a delegation of enlisted men who will fire two rounds during the “blackout” Bombers Too The main objective of “bombers ’ Reese Moiiise, Clarence Carter and W Harold Dawson will be spot lights installed on the courthouse Roads into Covington are to be closed during the “blackout” so that tiaffic will not inteifeie Wilbui Foulton Post of the Ameiican Legion, the Covington Booster Club and the City Admin istration are sponsoring the demon stiation in order to test^iublic co opeiation cew
Speakers
Harold E Warren, Harqt4 Thompson Dick Hart, M J Schneider, and John Clark were selected to speak on the basis of their peiTormances in two preliminary contests They will present a typical business project to a hypothetical business audience, and-'WS^be judged by the actual audience of
Speech 14 students
Each class selected one of its members to compete against 23 others in the first prelimmary contest Of this group, eight were selected by a group of instruc^k to appear m the second preHimnary where the final five were chpsetl by anothei group of instructdts
Chairman
James S Maddox, member of the speech staff, will serve as chairman Students attending as in previous semesters, will substitute attendance at the jionvocatiQQ for a regular class meeting w.|j.r. Exponent Freshmen All freshmen signed up for the Exponent editorial or sports staff, and sophomores working this semester for the first time, should report to the second training school to be held in room 304 of the Union at 4 and 5 pm todhy. RUFFNto
Jumping Jeep, V2 ton Army Truck, Parked in Armory For Observation
It IS one of the few countries m that aiea that has lemained in dependent ot contiol liom any out
By Bob Boswiiiklc Theie is a ‘ Jeep” over m the ai moiy (No lefeience to any ol the commissioned otticcis, to any of the seigeants or even to Piivate Apple is intended) In some camps the Jeep” is known as the “Peep ’ oi by the moi e giaphie title “Blitz Buggy ” What ever name it goes by, it is being acclaimed by Army obseiveis ev eiywheie as one of the most sue cessful of the new units which have recently been added to the Army materiel Here Until luesday The “Jeep” is heie with a 2/ ton, 6 wheel, prime movei, for dem onstiational pin poses The two ears will remain in the aimoiy un til Tuesday when they will be taken back to Foit Benjamin Haiiison at Indianapolis The Buggy is a midget recon-
naissance cai designed to bounce aeioss the roughest oi terrain at a faiily rapid rate It is specified to hit 60 miles pci hour but when the occasion demands it, the lunt has been known to zoom over the bumps at 70 per “Jeep” Has Dismal Appeal anee Although the “Jeep ’ is oqe of the Army’s latest developments, it IS judging fiom its paint job, long ovei|jlue for a tiade in It is painted about the color oi a gopher mound which it IS supposed to represent when enemy planes float ovei head Willys manufactui es most of the new pony sized trucks at the present time, but other companies have turned out some Standard equipment on all “Jeeps” includes lights, which by a peculiar Venetian blind aiiangement directs tjie light beam so that it does not shine up
ward nei downward in more than a 16 degree an^le making obsei vation of the light liom the au piactically impossible Designed for Bouncing The whole “Jeep weighs less than a mere half ton It has lathei flexible spiings and when the cai does get stuck it can usually be bounced out of the hole by a few men A combat car can be made out oi the “Jeep” in wartime by lemoving the leai seat and mounting either a 37 mm cannon loi anti tank file oi a 60 caliber machine gun for anti aiieiaft fire This extreme veisatility makes it useful for swooping down into an enemy machine gun nest, oi putting a bat teiy of 76’s into position, oi bung ing the Captain s turkey up to the front for Christmas dinner
Ballots For SDX 'Bareback Queen' Flood Exponent Office As Darrow Pulls Ahead Voting foi the “Queen ot the Bareback Riders” to FelRti at the Riveter’s Rassle December 12 continued the merty deluge that has engulfed the Exponent office all week To datd a grand total of 57,943 votes have passed before the bteaxy
eyes of Sigma Delta Chi counters
The^e being not many more than 6,000 students in the University, the 57,943 vote total could not exactly be Cfftt-
sidered as representative of
officers said yesterday One cemment ran, “I think ballot box stuffing has become a campus pastime, which is okay with us Vote early and often IS our bon mot ” Phi Mus Hit Jack Pot The Phi Mu house was lepoited woiking despartely manufactui iiig thousands ot votes foi Jane Dai
Editor’s Note loo late tor to day’s tabulation, several thous and ballots were received tor Delta Gamma, Marguerite Hen derson low, who last night succeeded in tunning away liom the held when an avalanche of neatly punted ballots beating hei name weie delivered to the Exponent office in a wheel
/
barrow \nd by a Phi
dentally
Mu, inci-
The complete standings foltnw.
June Dai low
12.403
Janet Moiehoust
8,473
Bettj. McCartney
5.04t
Ruth Rost
3,003
Maigueute Henderson /
4,900
—J —— Two boxes full of ballots foiC Becky Ann Pervine were brougllt into the office too late for tabulation See tomorrow’s papelr far
more results
Jane Ostrandei
Biybaia Fellows
4,8i0 1
Ginny Schaup Agnes McCulloch Dona Siess Maty Elleh Scarff
4,3S3 3.904 44^0
Becky Ann Bervine
m.
Jeanette Haynes
341
Peggy Davis
t r
*
■iH J 1 .ii'lJ
V
K ^
^4 ^
^ ' i ' h ■'f ^ ^ I * V'l''*'' f, ’>£»' * IViK^x '*
Wednesday, Decembers, 1941
Page'2
1^ MFi4^1iitlat«^Varsity Gallic Hi^ usuiil flood of comments followed the annual iFiosh-Vaisity game IAsI higtit. Most of the attending ciowd expected to see two polisked SUpUcIs in g thrilling battle Howevei, the consensus of opinion seemed' to bt that with the smoothing out of the rough edges the 1941 Boilers^uad •vt'ill be plenty good enough for them Bchhabs the varsity looked a little moie lagged than in the past couple ojr fieshlnan games, but this on the whole was due to the many diffeient combinations on the floor ^ CompetiHon For Everyon^ If last night’s gave pioved nothing else, it made it plain to all who dote there that most of the positions are as open as both ends of a bridge Of the many sophoinoies who looked piomising, lanky Jack Swantz and A1 Menke weie both good at the pivot and Rudy Lawson at foiward Juniois Howard Hoffman, Geoige Fields, Swede Seaboig and Hoise Riley established themselves as woithy contendeis for the starting nods Last year’s regulars, Chailie Caiess, Captain Don Blanken, Frosty ^prowl and John Conrad showed spuits of then last season’s brilliance, although they were not in top form as yet Mickey Tierney played an aggressive game throughout, and appears certain to match the tiicky playiiag^ form which he displayed his sophomoie yeai ► Three Cheers For The Reamers , Nine rahs and a whistle aie due the members of the Reamer Club, sponsOls of last night’s game, foi the grand ciowd at the game, one of the largest in the senes of like games Theie were ovei twice as many there last night than at the tussle last season Pioceeds of the game dlways go for a swell puiposc—the conduction of the Intiamuial pro-
granii
► Tommy Will Take His Vacation In The Sun Ex-co-captain Tom Melton will spend his Chiistmas vacation basking in the sun of the great state of Alabama Tommy yesterday accepted an invitation to play with the North team in the anni|al Blue and Gray
battle at Montgoinei y on Decembei 27
The Noithcm team will be composed of 22 playcis, 11 from the noith midwe«t and 11 from the noitheast Coach Lynn Waldorf of Noithwestern and Carl Suavely of Cornell will be the co-coaches for the
affair Lots of luck to you, Tom
Squash Team Faces Intramural ’fwu Matches During News
Week-End In Chicago The Boilcimakti squash team journeys to Chicago and vicinity Ibis A\cek end foi the thud and^ fouith engagements in then series of early season matthes, and the Evanston YMCA and the University of Chicago will be the toes
in the Satuiday games
Chicago Foes
The Evanston match is scheduled to start at 3 o’clock Satuiday aftciiioon, and following this m itch the team will tiavel into Chicago in lime for their second engagement of the day The meeting with the Maroons is a night affaii and is listed as staiting at 7 30 p m Chief Clevctt, head of Intiamuial activities and squash coach at the Ujiivcisity, has announced that he plans to take a live man team to Chicago this week end Playing in the numbei one spot in the absence of Capt Adams will be Norm Gold ■^tepn, second lanking playei and a
jumoi
rive Travelers Other men to make the trip will be Dave MacMillan in the number two position, Jesse Fant, Ed Wells, and another man as yet undecided Candidates for this fifth man are Bob Boydston, Francis Hess, Morton Maiks and Henry Wilkens, and the final selection will be based on tbcu relative performances for the remainder of this week The peifoimance of the squad to date has been somewhat disappointing, for in the two matches played thus far the boys have taken it on the nose both times The Faculty found easy going and won handily by the score of 8 to 0, and last Saturday the Indianapolis Athletic Club defeated the Riveters 6 to 2 Good Record Over the past few j eai s howevei, the Boilciinakeis have fared fairly weir against these same two op ponents they will meet Satuiday, and Clevett feels that it w ill be an improved team he will send against the Chicagoans i w d
Hollywood Ice Review, Starring Sonia Henie, Indianapolis Bound By Bob KriegetSonja Heme, the ice world’s leading figure, (and what a figure') will appear in person with her 1942 Hollywood Ice RevicvV at the Indianapolis Coliseum for seven performances, starting on December 5 and continuing tiiiougb. Decembei 11 Champ At Eleven Born in 1913 in Oslo, Sonja began skating at the age of six, and became the Norwegian figure-skating champion when she was only eleven years old Two years latel the dimpled little Scandinavian was the champion of the entire world She held this title for ten years, during which time she won three Olympic titles in a low Not all of Sonja’s medals‘are foi skating She is an excellent horsewoman, hockey playei, swimmer, was a champion splinter, and won eighteen skiing championships and thiee Scandinavian tennis titles In Sweden in 1934, she finished second in a gruelling three day automobile race—after fifteen hours of driving a day Arriving in Hollywood in 1936, Sonja hired a rink, threw a party for the sports writers, and put on h^i championship Olympic routine. The
town went wild Movie Queen
Darryl Zanuck, the Twentieth Centuiy-Fox film mogul, offered her $15,000 for one picture, but the little Norwegian -beauty merely smiled at this offei Before she was through with Zanuck, Sonja had a con tract which gave her the starling lole in her fiist pictuie at a salaiy of
$60,000, with options for five years which eventually brought her more
than $1,000,000 for seven pictures the,fiist lady of the ice, the populai Foi overtime, she collects $2,000 a oichestia leader jokingly asked
i lb ^ iijkv*
s Qimlefs win , I ' I ^ Sham Game Reaches Climax With Shooting
day
Bj Dave Shryer
This afternoon at four o’clock the Niter fraternity swimming meet will take place in the Ficldhouse pool Beta Theta Pi, last ydai’s champions, will be defending the Cl ow n that they won last year With Coach Dick Papenguth officiating, eight events arc to be lun off They include 50, 100, and 200 yaid free style laces, 100 yard breast and back stroke races, a 200 yard relay, a 150 yard medley relay,
and fancy diving
The individual events arc limited to two entrants per team, and the relays aie limited to one group fi Dm each team In the diving theic will be three lequiied dives and thiee
optionals
I'ouchball Final Anothei event on today’s pio gram is the final game of the touch ball touinament, with Phi Delta Theta opposing Sigma Chi The Phi Delts have been sparked all season by the standout play of their backfield which consists of Ehleis, Weinfuitnei Murray, and McDaniel Ehlers’ passing is then major offensive weapon DeGainio, Shaver, Howell, and Kiumholz have all played an outstanding brand of ball for the Sigina Chis through out then successful season
Basketball
The “A” basketball touinament IS progressing into the middle stages with several teams still undefeated They are Alpha Tau Omega, Beta Theta Pi, Phi Gamma Delta, Tau Kappa Epsilon, Kappa Sigma Theta Xi, Phi Kappa Psi, Acacia, Lambda Chi Alpha Phi Delta Theta, Sigma Chi, and Theta Chi In the Cary Hall league, units one, four, eleven, fourteen, and fifteen leniain unbeaten
Track
Atll students interested in trjing out for freshman or varsity tiack plan on attending a meeting which will be held in Room 107 of the Fieldhouse, Monday, December 8, at 4 p m
Sonja was the firs to “dance on skates”—the first to introduce bal let technique and costumes into figure skating A perfectionist, she piacticed the Coirinion toe vvhiil for three years before peifoiniing it in
„ u c 4. Shortly after, when Miller asked public Before winning her first „ , ,, ,
Topping foi a season pass to the Dodger giid contests Dan laugh ingly replied that if Glenn would bung the barjd along and play in Ebbets Field, he would gladly issue the pass The two soon paited, each thinking the mattei was forgotten
world championship, tKe blonde ice queen spent a year traveling through Europe in pursuit of the best teaclieis, practicing seven
houis a days Mama Helps
Always in condition, Sonja sleeps ten houis a night, and ncvci smokes 01 dunks During the shooting of a film, hei mother is the one observer who knows skating well enough to spot impelfeetions Sonja once le pcated a numbci thiity two tunes lor the camera before she and her mother were satisfied
Sonja to appear with him in a cig aicttc advertisement she consent cd, but only after the band Icadci promised to play at one of the
Dodger games Speech Trouble
Her business nenmen, hovvivei IS no gicatei than hei spiiit of giv ing Ilaiidiesscis, makeup and cos tunic women, and technicians on the set all praise hoi geneioaity When she fust aiiived in Holly wood, the shapely little skatei woiked liaid in trying to eliminate the Noivvcgian accent fiom hei
speech She was ably assisted in
Although born into a wealthy by one of Ibc membcis family, the pulchiitudinous 'ce ^i^^^^ing chorus Sonja’s giat queen tuined piofessional to make f^r the choune s assistance hei own money She made it in a took the form of a diamond iing big wav on hei fiist American toui g,, ^vitation to spend the sum Sonja tuined out to bo the greatest ^t her palatial home in Oslo
spoits attraction in histoiy, and the
first gill athlete to make a million She picks up $50,000 a year pin money by endorsing Sonja Heme dolls, toys, mittens, and skates The New Yolk stage hit. It Hap pens On Ice, which Sonja produced,
but in which she does not appeal, ^he pretty Noiwegian
IS the only show vvhrch ever made money rn the mammoth Center The
atei of Radio City
No Dope
Two years ago she witnessed an
The ice queen’s influence on the American public has caused skating links to spiout all over the countiy People watch Sonja giaee fully do hci stuff, and then dash out, buy white skating shoes scamper onto the lee, and—quite
-they
Cold Feet
Sonja lias ncvei missed a show duiiiig hci entile caieei Hei only
, . , , . . 14. 1 1 1 I., occupational aflliction resulting
arclight diamond tilt played by the , ,
T>. Ti 4. ^ 11 “O"' "61 necessarily tight, $40 a Brooklyn Dodgers in Ebbets Field, ^
being the guest ot Dodgei prexy, Larry MacPhail Sonja lost no time in observing the horde of faithful Flatbush tans sti earning thiough the turnstiles Shortly after she had settled hei shapely chassis in hei seat, the ice queen said to MacPhail, “What will the gate total tonight’” This qiieiy neaily floored the lo quacious Dodgei chieftain Sonja is man led to Dan Topping, the millionaire spoitsman who owns the Brooklyn Dodgeis pro tessional football team During the filming of Sun Valley Sereriade, in which Glenn Miller appeared with
fiwidusL ^xpomnL All-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post oflice in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized Januarj 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year {and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
E<Utor-4n>Chicr N«»*b Eitilor Sporty MMtor
Ned A Uchiltrce Uueinees Manager John L Traugutt Managing Editor Phil Johnson Coed Editor
Don S. Powers Lcland W. ItulTner Ruth Rose
, Publication Staff Ausueiatc Ldilura Editorial S F Anius 1 H Arm truili; JJ 1 Brupliy R L Haifity 1 I Jones i G Kleper ttpyxtk Staff 0 1 C/iai k J U k raser J & Keeler Coed ^taff. Mary K Uoynlun Alice Chatlielil Jane Ramsdell
Business Sfaff Curd Uuuincss Manager. Duiiiui Siess Office Manager: Lee Bossong Local Advertising Managers K K Ojemre R £2 baxton r Circulation Manager W i Bell Accounts Manager. W D Millard Junior Coed Managers Jean Frankcnberry ranees Lluyd Julia Martin
Pkpntf: Iditurlal and Butmess, 4005; Spurts, 2792 Editorial After 10 P M., 5377 i
Represented Tor national adveitiaing by National Advertising Service Ine College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave New York N Y
Staff For This issue Day Editor Boynton Reporters. L Ahiens K Roquemore P Stotibtig W Hos- _ _kins J Lautr D Pickering B Eberts Hass W Rafcrt Sports Editor. Fraser D Glass Sports Shryci DcMars
Nlsfcf Editor: Kieper laMit IMItort Bafert
pail skating shoes is cold ieet She IS 5 feet, 2 inches tall, weighs 105 pounds, and does not have to diet to maintain hei shapely figuie Hei favorite dish is a large plate
of ice cream
In 1938, Sonja received Noiway’s highest decoration, the Knight of the Older of St Olaf, and was chosen to be the outstanding living Norwegian in a national poll
Long 'Trip
Her annual tour begins m No vembei and continues until Febiu ary During this time, she per foi ms in all the principal cities ot the nation Sonja always plays before a packed house, a fitting tribute to hei amazing skill, scintillating beauty, and laie gift of showman-
ship
We’re looking foiwvaid to seeing the million dollar baby of the lee once again, she’s one in a million
By John Wendell With Gimlets cryihg “Moral Victory” at the final gun, all six shots and Reamer sparkplug “Pudtlinhead” Ruffnei sparking out with “Oh fiddlesticks fellas” the last contestant in the 113 annual Gim-let-Reamer gild battle was earned off the floor of the Fieldhouse last night and poured down the dram Using a number of Coac,h Mai El ward’s famous plays in the Notre Dame style both teams elaborated on the basic idea tC add color to
the tilt
There was color all ri^ht' Frock coats, red shuts, red, white and blue shuts, pillows in front, pillows in real, in fact everything for the well attired Riveter football playei, were to be seen in the lineups of the two teams No hardwood floor in Indiana, (the haidwood state), evei had more tastefully dressed spo’ting gentlemen fall on it at the same time Johnson Spins The game opened with a line play by the Gimlets which netted them a half a jaid and immediately the ail was filled with the buz/ing of the spectatois all tilling each othei that Decembei or not, football was not dead on the Riveter campus “fat Stuff’ Johnson then took the ball on a spinnci play and elcctii lied the grid world by the latest word in football, the spinnci play that just spins At this point Punchy Bcnna wealing shorts and boxin., gloves, stole the ball foi a net gam of some ten yaids and the duty old lefeiee tiled to call it back We apologize 'Ihe game was lefciced by two of the coed membeis ol the cheeilcad ing souad To put it mildly Punchy tiled to intimidcte hei (hei nan\e was Sylvia) and to the best of oui ability vve couldn’t catch hei maiks as she clawed hci way out of the hail ol Punchy s chest Injuries lake Toll Foi the lest of the ^amc the Reamcis had the bell and powei took the upper hand With the much vaunted Gimlet attack failing to do more than seiatch the flooi, the Reamers pushed on using then 12 9 advantage in manpower to the utmost By this time theie were only a few plai ei s left since the majority had left via the injuiy route It was heie, if the Reameis won, that they did it “Mighty Atom ’ Safioid had the ball without a Reamer left to give him comfort Who should be direct ly in his way but “lion Man” Johnson, and we do mean Phil Phil is pietty high foi his age and Saffoid, spelled with two t’s, is short for his So zip' It’s a run thiough een ter and the stands go wild Here endeth the game
Fraternity Bowling Wednesday Df^cember 3
6 10
Dt'Ua Upsilon vs Acacia Beta llicta Pi vs Alpha Gamma Rho
8 4o
K ippa Delta Pvho vs Sigma Nu Pi Kappa Alpha Vo Sigma PI Thursday Decfembcr i
r 30
Tnan^lc vs Alpha Chi Rho fau Kappa Cpsi on vs Phi Kapp i SiLma Alph i Epsilon vs Tan Epsilon Phi Phi Gamma Delta vs Alpha Siema Psi Phi Ivappa“^Psi vS Delta Tau Delta
8 45
Pi Ka pa Thi vs Thtta Xi lambda Chi Alphi vs Ihcta Chi 1 hi Kappa Sigma vs Beta Sigma Psi I hi Kappa iau \s Phi Delta Fhct i Alph I fau Om ga vs Phi Sigma Kappa STANDING FOR SEVENTH WEEK Bracket
Alph i lau O nega B( la Ihcti Pi Phi Sigma Kappa ^ Pi Kaipi Alpha Phi Delta Theta Phi Kappa Sigm i Lambd i Chi Alpha Beti Sigmu Psi
1 beta Chi
Pi Kapi Phi
ih(ti Xi
Phi Kappa Tiu
Sigma Pi
Alph i G imm i Rh i
Nil ir Tail Deti 1) Delti Up ikn 15 Tui Kipp I Epsilon 14 Sigma Alpha Epsilon 13 Ac ici i II All ha S gm i I-si 10 Kappa D Ita Rh 10 Alpha Chi Rho ) Phi Ivapp i P 1 0 Phi Kapj I 3 Phi Gamma Delta C In ingle 1 1 lu Epsilon 1 hi ) seventh WIl-K STATISTICS High Ind vidunl Scores Sigm i Pi Hintz Delt i Upsilon—B n nes High Individual Senes Beta Sigma Psi Hit lie Delta Tau D Ita Wnght High Team Game
Sigma Pi
Till Kapp i Lpsihn High Team Senes
Sigm i NII
Della T lu D( It i
Bob Elson To Present Speech ... ■ M M4. ,
Annual Football Banqriet spon-
sored by the Purdue Association of IndianApohs Will be held tomorrow at the Indianapolis Athletic Club Dr E C Elliott, several faculty niembeis. University coaching staff, and the football squad will attend the banouct to fote 16 outstanding Indianapolis high school
football players and then dads Bob Elson, chief spoits announc-
er tor station WGN and the Mutual Broadcasting System, will be the principal speaker at the banqijct Elgon claims the honor of having announced all 13 Woild Sc-
1 ics and All Star games c h a IM Schedule
^ TOECHBALE * Final lothy—4 16 p m r reshm in Field—Bejt Oks I’hi Dclti Ihttd vb Sigma Chi \ SQUASH , Couitb 12 4 7 00 I hi Kappa lau vs Sigmu Nu ^ 45 Dilta Uisikn vs Pi K ippa Thi 8 30 Alpha lau Omega vs Phi Kippu Dr. R. E. Nichols ♦ of the School of Agricultuic, will attend a meeting of the Noith western Indiana District Medical Association in Kentland on Dec 12
KEEP YOUR HOME NEAT AND ATTRACTIVE WITH ACE PAINTS FIXTURES — HARDWARE John Sperb Hdwe. SZ2 ?4 M:>ln Sf
NOW SHOWING
HAISH I lACK TEAGARDEN and Orch
New under-arm Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiration
10c
PAULS PLACE
10c
BEEF STEAK —
HOME MADE CHILI FURNAS ICE CREAM
Phone 2654 216 W, Columbia St
BfeEF BARB-Q
PORK TENDERLOIN
Wc Deliver
FRATERNITY BADGEy AND PLEDGE PINS RINGS, NOVELTIES, PROGRAMS STATIONERY and INVUATIONS BUR-PAT STORE
113 Northwestern Ave 'OFFICIAL JEWELERS
Phone 2523
Doc, not rot dresses or men s shirts Does not irritate skin 2. No waiting to dry Can be used right after shaving 3. Instantly stops pctspintion for 1 to 3 days Removes odor from perspiration. 4. A pure, white, grcasclcss, stainless vanishing cream. 5. Arrid has been awarded the Approval Seal of the Amenc in Institute ot Laundering for being harmless to fabrics. Arrid IS the LARGEST SELLING DEODORANT. Try a jar today I ARRID OAu 2 4. At allBtoresBelllugtoilot goods ® (also in lOil and 59|^ jars)
— TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE A Cheer Leading Musical' ZIS BOOM BAH with GRACE HAYES MARY HEALY BENNY RUBIN PLUS HIGH SIERRA — WITH — HUMPHREY BOGART IDA LUPINO
STARTS THURSDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
_ JAMII SIRAIDINI SIEPHENSDN FinCERAlD DONALD CRISP'BARBARA O’NEIL PLUS SIREN OF THE SOUTH SEAS with MOVITA WARREN HULL' s
■ V
■ "i ' < I'"!*;” V - 'i ‘ ' ' ," / '. ■ 11' ’ ' ' • ’ \ ' ' i' .V' V ’^edi^esda^f Beciember 3^ 1941
Purdue Expon^mi
/"'C ■,'■'■ ‘ tiX''. -(''■*c-Vfi“,Ay'5A'»Jv:',;' ,• •,'y;,
mtiUliU
yiWMtaawtalaniiiikiii
'' f ^ f ' iiummtk0M
66
■Mothers” Th¥ow Mud
tiERKT MUH
BASKETBALL 1$ COMING.. WaU’li Pui^diic slip out ill the Big Ten Coiilcreiico this year ivilli llie list ol leii lettermen eoming baeli this year, • “Frosty” Sprowl • “Red” Caress • “Horsey” Riley • Don Blaiiken f • “Mie” Tierney • Johnny Conrad • Don Adanis 1 ‘ • Howard Hoilinaii • Bill ISiielzel • “Cee” Polk Peter Anderson Co. AFTER YOU— WE COME FBRST 525 Alabama St. Phone 4048
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Dies Commitfee Uncovers Nazi Propaganda Network In US; Rangers In Trinidad WASHINGTON-; Dec. 2. — Martin Dies, the unpredictable Congressman from Te^s, has not been talking much of late, but he has had a corps of investigators doing a lot of digging. And the result promises to be one of the most important contributioi^s the Dies Committee has made so far to the expose of un-Ameiican activities. Dies has seized the records of several German-American agencies, also Nazi checks coming from'South America, together Avith some of the records of Japanese propagandists. Piecing all this together, he has a sensational and apparently accurate picture of the tremendous ramification of Nazi propaganda in this country.' One of the most significant phases is the manner in which this Na^i machine is . linked — through its members to certain American organizations such as the Knights of Camellia, the Ku Klux Klan, the Silver Shirts and so bn. '* Central agency for this Nazi propaganda, according to the Dies records, is the Kyffhaeuserbund which operates in North and South America. It cooperates with the Krigerbund, which operates all over the world. Dies has found that money from North and South America pours into Kyffhaeuserbund coffers, and; he has a list of the leading contributors. He also has a lot of the secret membership cards, some of which state that the bearer is qualified to do confidential work on be-
half of'the Kyfffiactisei'btihd.; • • Tracing thb lilembefship list df ■ of the Kyfl^haeUdefliuMd, Bfies has
■found that' inaHy 'bf ife-rfierhbers ^ rni. • j «ii;r xi.. »* ■«. ' also, are membefs ’ of 'the Silver ^ The sanctimonious word Mother” has bden ■ Shirts, the Klan, ahd'ibkl chaiiters .included in the title of many foul organizaof the Amcnea First Coniihitteb. tious, but the Chicago ittedusas who call them-
The interlocking membership of , , , ,,
these orfeanizatiohi hi& ihvesti|at- selves “Mothers, Mobilized for America, Inc.” ors have found to be almost unbe- hit a neW low for the Chicago-McCormick
.lievgble. ' ' ' , - ,■...
tradition.
The “Mothers, Inc.” are even better than most alley-spawned characters who make their way upon the grief and tragedy of oth-
comes from Detroit; second, Chi- ers: they have left the rfealm of petty knavery cage, a noted isolationist center; and are concentrating.Uport an objective that third, New York. jg nothing less than traitorous to their coun-
Dies has also foumi that some
Italian schools tie in with, these or- ' n^' ,,
ganizations, and among other To the mothers and fathers and families things use text bobks from Italy of nil the American seamen lost at sea'in the which glorify Mussolini. ' destruction of the Destroyer Reuben James, However, the most significant went a letter from this nest of insidious fe-
males consoling and adding incidentally that
• Detroit'Strongest Center ^ One interesting Dies discovery is that the largest number of contributions to these organizations
thing is the creed; of these German organizations—to spread confusion, distrust and suspicion^ In fact, the fundamental program of the bunds is to keep the United States as disunited as possi-
ble.
if it had not been for the hdxnimjE^dl^iji kt Washington the mourner would not in grief. ' v ‘ This attempt to pervert thO 0# thfe sailors’ families to a hatred of tWe’elfeeted administration cannot be defended by aliyoite df comipon decency, regardless of whether, be. l«t isolationist or interventionist, ft is a C^bbelesque trick obviously intended to undermine the morale of families and friehdsf of the s.eamen lost in this tragedy in the service at sea. The nation needs always opinions on both sides of any fence, especially the isolati<»iisfintervention fence, but it needs ottly" sihOfel^, honest opinion given by citizens of good will. This trading on the misery and grief of fellow Americans should stay in the gutters of Chicago. j.l.t.
of things in the Balkans and lost preventing brawls among the’ nahis brief case.” tives, but if serious trouble should “what does his bureau consist break out again, U. S. authorities 0^-” are prepared to ask Britain for a
Dies has found a great similarity
between the instructions given ^ f ^ importation of
tv,. the monkey and guinea pig cages
of the National Institute of Health: “Fifty professors, 20 monkeys, 10 goats, 12 guinea pigs, a sheep, and a staff of Jewish scribblers.”
these agents arid the program followed by the agitators. Who threw the Sudetenland into chaos before Hitler marched into Czechoslovakia. Furthermore, he has found that when a propaganda’'policy is laid down by the central Nazi organiza
a certain percentage of American
workers.
9 Merry-Go-RoUnd
If the Senate should oust Sen
• Texas Rangers
10:00 News
10:10 Curio Man
ator William Danger, Tom Whelen, 10:15 Morning Melodies North Dakota GOP State Chail-- 10:30 WBAA Presents
Texas’ famed rangers have per- man, is privhtely set to run for 10:45 Theatre of Song
tions, it is taken up immediately formed many unusual services in his shat. Big wheat gi’ower Whelan 11:00 “Newspaper and Magazine by the American Fascist organiza- their long colorful career, but none plays ball with the Nonpartisan Wi’iting” with Prof. Hugh tions. In fact the mailing list of the stranger-than the one they are now League and rules his state organ- McKei Kyffhaeusmbund is identical - With tackling in the interest of national ization with an iron hand . . . Nh- 11:50 Purdue News the mailing list of Silver Shirt defense. tfonal Committeemen of the party 12:00 Agricultural Foi'um Leader William DJ Pelley. ^ fifteen crack rangers in power are supposed to rale high 12:15 Sam Hamilton, pianist Dies, will publish his amazing bon-owed by the govern- around the White House, but not 12:30 Meet the Band findings m the near future. ment to help keep order at the Trin- the Democratic Committeeman 12:45 Red Cross Interview
• U. S. Counter—Propaganda idad island base loaned the United from Indiana, Fi'^ink McHale. The Two of the newest agencies of States by Britain as part of the State party chief who has the
with
the U. S. government are the cause over-age destroyers.
of most American-born worry to German propaganda officials. These are the Rockefeller Office (Inter-American Affairs), and the Donovan Office (Coordinator of Information). ‘ The speed with which these two agencies get out news bulletins and official expressions of opinion, for short wave broadcast to the entire world (Rockefeller senjs only to Latin America, Donovan to all other countries), has the Nazis sweating. Best the Nazis can do is to retaliate with ridicule. The FCC mon-
Under construction in the jungles of the West Indies island is a $51,000,000 naval and air base> The terms of the agreement with Britain require the employment of native labor for the manual work and because of the high wages paid by the two U. S. construction firms there has been considerable trouble among the natives competing for jobs. On several occasions there have been riots which the warreduced constabulary could not handle. Because of Texas rangei’s’ ex-
itoring systepi recently caught this perience, Trinidad authorities delanguage being broadcast short- cided to ask the State to lend a wave from Berlin: . group to help the Trinidad con“Who is this Colonel Donovan?” stabulary maintain order. So far “He is the man who made a mess the rangers have been effective in
PUNGENT PIPE PUTS PA IN PICKIEbut he’s out of the dog house notv!
Make each MiJ^i/
LOOKS LIKE THE FINISH! One wallop and that smelly old briar will be no more! What’s the neighbor saying? “Switch to 'a mild tobacco like Sir Walter.”
Make Each Mid-day Count AT THE GRILLE LOUNGE Line food plus relaxation, service, and pleasant atmosphere. You’ll find all this in the Grille \ Lounge. Our dieticians put imagination and a lot of thought into our menus—and they come H out perfect. We’re sure that you’ll agree, after you try one of our meals. JPUL fiju/vduuL WsufvufdaL 9AnwfL \' The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
is dynamic State Chairman Fred Bays. His Indiana organization is rated as one of the best in the
country.
• Mail Bag H. V., Uniontown, Pa. — It was in Columbus, Ohio, in November, 1921, that John L. Lewis told the United Mine Workers convention: “Gentlemen, the United Mine Workers, comprising less than one-half of one per cent of the total population of the United States, could not, if it so desired, defeat the government of the United States in a contest, and neither do I as a citizen, as a man, as a member of our union, desire to defeat the Government of the United States ” ’ (Copyright, 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) kussell W. ihne . . . Director of Industrial Education in New Castle, has joined the University division of education and applied psychology for three months’ research and field work in industrial education.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store * Across From Union li** Sammons *29 **Doc** Epple *40
1:00 “U r b a n Sociology” Prof. T. K. Noss 1:45 Markets 2:00 A Story a^Day 2:15 WPA Transcription 2:30 Moods in Music, Mrs. C. W. Hemmer 3:00 News 3:10 Building for Defense 3:15 June Eller, pianist 3:30 Organ Moods 4:00 Tea Time Tunes 4:30 Conie Connette, dramatic
^singer
4:45 Little Miss Muffett 5:00 Just Relax 5:15 CuiTent Books with Helen
Seaton
5:30 Vespers 5:45 Curio Man 5:50 News 6:00 Dinnep Music 6:30 Sports Review 6:45 Melody Maids 7:00 Symphony Hall 8:00 What’s Art To Me? 8:15 Marching Along 8:30 Eventide Echoes 8:45 From the Press Box 9:00 Irv Given’s Band9:30 Music 10:00 OFF THE AIR ; Prof. F. B. Knight ... of the division of education and applied psychology will be the featured speaker at a district teachers meeting in Richmond this Sat-
urday.
DECORATIVE MIRRORS These Will make an ideal Christmas Gift. They are so lovely, polished plate glass. Beautifully framed in shapes and sizes for every requirement. * Come in and see our supply— Today! /4 HUNECKS"f I
ipphonk Band Prepares fpr Spphonk Program ' , it Syinphoitic Band held its first of the year Monday in ijUNeparation for a concert to be l^von^ shortly before Christmas in the Music Hall, according to band oMdals. The Concert Band consists <rf ninety musicians chosen from th<^ Inrger military band. The band gave several out-of-tbwn'concerts last year in Indianhpdhs and other cities. Plans are now being made for scheduling a ffew suOh performances in 1942 during the months of February, March ihd April, k.r. University Owned (Continued from page 1) shown at the big show is considered. tJniversities, well known feeders Und breeders all exhibit their prize steers at the International, but Gillie Stewart and his champion crossbred angus steer were at the head of the list. Fifth Champ This is the fifth time that the tjniversity has won the coveted honor and herdsman Gillie Stewart deserves a lot of credit for the excellent showing of Loyal Alumnus, it was Stewart who raised, fed and showed the grand champion. To ordinary appearances the steer may look like any other fat steer, but upon close scrutiny it becomes apparent that he is an outstanding individual in body type and covering of deep, firm flesh. Prize money won for this top honor of the International livestock show is $600 besides several preliminary awards. The champion will be sold at auction at the end of ^hc show and if past records aie any indication, he will command a faficy price. Only University Animals The University is outstanding in that it shows only animals born and raised on the University farm. Others winners included: ; Pat Hampshire Wether Lambs— Flirdue University, first. Pens of Three Fat Hampshire Wethbr Lambs—Purdue University,
first.
Heavyweight Fat Beikshire Barrows—Purdue University, fiist. Pens of Three Medium Weight Berkshire Barrows—Purdue University, third. Pens of Three Heavyweight Berk-shire-Barrows—Puidue University, second. Pens of Five Berkshiie Bairows, Each Get of One Sire—Puidue University, third. Chester White Baiiows, 170-200 .Pounds—Purdue University, sec-
ond.
Chester White Barrows, 200-230 Pounds—Purdue University, sec-
ond.
Pens of Thiee Chester White Barrows, 170-200 Pounds—Purdue University, first; Otto E. Holle, Decatur, third. Pens of Three Chester White Barrows, 200-230 Pounds—Purdue University, first. Pens of Three Chester White Barrows, 230-260 Pounds—Purdue University, second. Pens of Five Chester White BaiTows, Each Get of One Siie— Purdue University, second. Reserve Champion Pen of Lightweight Chester White Bairows— Purdue University. Pen of Three Medium Weight Barrows—^Raymond Smith, Rensselaer, first; Purdue Univeisity, second. Pen o| Five Barrows, Get of Same Siie-—Puidue University, third. Aberdeen-Angus steeis weighing 900 to 1,050 pounds—Purdue University, first and thud.
Gorham Co. Shows Silver Exhibit Here Knife, fork, and spoon sets are included in the Gorham silver exhibit on display this week in the main lobby of the Home Economics Building. Hanging on the wall behind them are pictures of formal and informal table settings to emphasize the value of attractive sil-
ver.
This annual exhibit is made possible by the design research department of the Gorham Company of New York City. Senior girls are requested to fill out a questionnaire in regard to the exhibit designating theii preferences in silver designs. Prizes of two sets of silver are offered to the writers of the best essays on silver. These essays should be turned in as soon as possible to the main office of the Home Economics Building., m.j.l. C. S. Schaffner To Address Poultry Group Tomorrow Prof. C. S. Shaffner of the poultry department will speak at a meeting of the Poultry Club at 7:30 p.m. tomorrow in room 304 of the Union. The subject of his talk will be the recent Chicago trip of the poultry judging team. Also scheduled to appear on the program is E. S. McConnel of the Agricultural Experiment Station, who will speak on the Egg and Chick show at the University of Georgia. All agriculture students are invited to attend the meeting,
k.r.
Major Gordon Enders Reaches Pershawar According to a feport from New Delhi, India Major Gordon Enders, U- S. Army and former member of the University faculty assigned to active duty in the Far East, has reached Peshawar, India, and is now on his way to Kabul by water. Major Enders left S,an Francisco by Clipper plane and flew to Calcutta in a three-week air journey. He is the first American attache to be assigned to Afghanistan. For several years Major Enders was advisor to Tibetan leaders, and in recent years has spent much time in lecturing and writing. Prof. J. H. Martin . . . head of the poultry department, is attending conferences in Chicago this week. In addition to the International Livestock Exposition, activities .claiming his attention are the American Society of Animal Production, Alpha Gamma Rho Council, and Conference for Research Workers in Animal
Diseases.
A course in radio appreciation open to the public as well as to students has been opened at Macalester college.
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased Mimeograph work done. C J Ebershoff, 605 Mam, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Lost K & E log log Dtcitng shde rule. Name on case, Donald Stoner, phone 4910 Lost: A Bulova wrist watch Fiiday. North Campus. Cali 2847, Truax Rewaid Wanted: Round trjp transportation to Aiizona during Christmas vacation Will share expenses and help drive Phone 65034
l>rof.C.G.I^erditie
. . . and Gharlps M. Kirkpatrick, of the department of forestry and .con^ei’vation, will leavd for the Midwest Wildlife Conference today. The meeting is to be held ii^ Des Moines, Iowa, and will continue untill Saturday. Varsity Defeat (Continued from page 1) gy’s lads holding a lear of 22-8. The frosh came back' stronger in the second half to exhibit the usual fight that marks a freshman-var-sity game. At the completion of the regulation 40 minutes the varsity was ahead 49-26 and added five more il{)ints in the extra five minutes. Eveby member of both squads got an opportunity to play and the floor was constantly flooded with substitutions. Three Frosh Impressive Ed Ehlers was the outstanding man for the Rhinies. He and Kercheval displayed nice drive under the basket. Ritchie looked good in racking up two field goals in the
last half.
George Fields hit the basket with amazing consistency and was one of the few bright spots in a varsity lineup that was marred by sloppy passing, o.t.c.
Notices
Kappa Psi: Very important mectins of all active members Wednesday, Dec. 3. at 7 30 p. m in room 306 of the Upion Pen-
alty for non-attendance..
—SCOTT.
GE 35: Removal of Cdndition Examination, Dec. 6. Make arrangements for taking the examination in room 202 before
Friday, Dec 6.
—OWEN
Scriveners: No meeting Sunday nigbt
—RIEGLE
Novice Pistol: Students desiring to lire in the slkth and last novice pistol group starting Dec. 9, should sigh up in Supply Bootti now. --BROWN Exponent juniors; Meeting Wednesday, Deb. 8, at 4:16 p. ih. in the Exponent office. —TBAUGOTT ASME: Debris pictura will be taken Thursday, Dec. 4, at 7:80 p, m'. in the Union ballroom instead of Thursday, Nov. 27. —UTLEY Wesley Fonndation: Party originally scheduled for Friday, Nov. 28. is postponed to Friday, Dec. 6. —ROACH Senior Mechanicals: Booths for the collection of fees for pictuie of graduating' class similar to those now in the halls of the building will be Set up in the Mechanical lab from Monday, Deo. 8, through Wednesday, Dec. 10. Fee will be 76 cents and will cover all costs of the picture. All seniors graduating in January, June or August are to be included. —GREGORY Military Ball Committee: Seniors are responsible that sub-committee reports are submitted by Friday, Dec. 4. —DIBOS Society of Automotive Engineers: On Wednesday. Dec. 3, the society will show three films frirtn General Motors: “Wings for Defense,” “Frontiers of the Future," and “Diesel, the Modern Power." This meeting will be held at 7:30 p, m. in room 207 of the ME Building.
—KBIL
Student Senate: Special meeting Wednesday, Dec 3, at 7:30 p. m. in the Senate office. All members please be present.
—DIBOS
Basketball Ushers and Police: The following report at the east end of the Fieldhouse on Friday, December 6, at 4 p.m. Assignments will be made there. Anyone not reporting will be dropped from the list No additional applications will be received as the list is more than sufficient. E S. Ainsley, M. W Anderson, O. A. Anderson, T. A. Anderson, J. L. Andretich, P. B. Anthony, W Appleton, G. P. Archer, A. M, Arnold, W D^ Bancker, R. J. Baiwegen, P. F. Baumgart, Andrew Berkley, A. Berto, R Biddle, Maurice Boots, F. Branner, Bob Britt, J. Brown. Wm. Buffington, T. E Burger, G. J. Burghardt, Wm Burghardt, K. Burnett, W. R Carson, J Chinewicz, I. H. Claseman, R Claseman, C. Clymer, W. Combs, W Cook, F Coon, E J. |Cyoenas, P DeMaiia, John Dilley, E H. Dodge, J. A. Edwards, W Ehrlich, H W. Eikenberry, V. O. Erk, C. H. Feistkorn, Casey Fredericks, Jerry Fredericks, B. Fiench, J Galvin, M. Gantz, W. L. Gaulke, W. R Gregory, J E. Grimm, T Grove, W. Guthrie R Hajzyk, Vein Hansell, C. Hams, C. Hein, Carl Hipp, H Hites, J Hlinka, E J
4, O. L. mir
Holdbrman, O. L. Hurrle, A. Jehtch, Bob Jones,, E. F. Jones, TC. Kam^erk R. D. Keim.'D. H. Kemp, W, ;Kendall, J. Kennedy, R. Kersey, L. king. E. J. Kmiecik, C. B. Kron, Jim Krubek, A. S. Lange, Walt Lcifhiet,/A. lieugo, F. MoCaffry, L. R. McEachern, K. C. McLaughlinj D. MeVey. N. E.- Maloney, Tt M. Maloney, R. L. Mason, M. R. Matovina, G. Matrewicz, F. T. Meakim, L. E. T. Melton, J. Millei, R. O. Montenero, R. I. Motris, S. 0. Morrison, R. K. Mulford, Dick Myers, W. Newell, D. M. Newman, E. O’Bryan, Harry Olds, Jim Paratore, L. R. Pearson, P. L. Petirch, J. Petty, W. Powers, Chuck Rawles, W. P. Richey, J. A. Rossi, F.sRuggieri, J. Rush, H. Seidell, Roger Sheridan. W. Shimor, Jim Shoemaker, Max Shoemaker, T. L. Shriner, R. Shultz, P, Smerke, C. E Smith, K, Smock, V. A. Snyder, W. 'Stevens, R. Stoelting, fl. Strom, 'W. Sumner, E. M Timm, fl. Timperman, J. .N. Veca, B. R. Warren. J. C* Winkler, G.Jk. Witsman, J. Wojcibehowskl, W. Wooticn, C W. Wright, Ernest Young, John Zeh-
ring.
' —SANDERS
Exponent SophumorcB: All men and women who stalled working on the paper this tall should attend the second class in the training school, on Wednesday, Dec. 3, Handbooks will bo distributed ^
—RUFFNER
All Male Students: Aviation Cadet Examining Board No 1 will be in room 106 of Chem. Eng. Bldg., Dec. 1-6 incl , 8:30-4. Application to appear before the board should be obtained now from the Adjutant's office. Armory. —GRAHAM Union Sophomores; There will be a meeting Wednesday, Dec. 3, at 4:16 p.m. of the following: Christy, Adams. Gwinn, Alter, MacDonald, Gee, Chestnutt, Carr, Jeans, Miers, Levering, West, Hobbs, Duffin, Redwine. and Bariett. —WORL, WILBER Student Art Guild: Meeting will be held Wednesday, Doc. 3, at 4:30 p.m. in putteiing shops. —PARKS SCA Members and others interested in co-ops: are invited to heat Henry Dyer speak on “The Function of a Co-operative in a Time of Inflation,” on Wednesday, Dec. 3, at 7:30 p m. in room 363 of the Union. —MYERS POMM: Keys are available for those who ordered them. Call at 27 Russell St.
—SULLIVAN
All Agriculture Students: are invited to a meeting of the Poultry Club Thursday, Dec 4, at 4 p m in room 304 of the Union. —WILBUR Pi Tan Sigma:'Don’t foiget meeting Friday, Dec 5, at 4 p m in room 208 of the ME building. Be on time.
—GREGORY
Ceres: Regular meeting postponed until Tuesday) Dec. 9. "All actives and new initi» ,Sf atea rtlUst attend as fall ejeiitlona will be held. f-“GHESTBR Ceres Actives and tPIedgei(; Formal initiation on Wednesday, Deo. 8, at 4 (Him. f’f > in rooms '206 ahd 201 Of Ag Hall. "Bflng t initiation fees, Banqifet at 6 p.m. in Hwrte Ec. Building. ^ —CHESTER ^ Scabbard and Blkde: Stab meeting Will be held Wednesday, Dec. 8, at 7:80 p,ni, v t in room 212 of the Union. —SULLIVAN Newman Club: No mating Tbesday, De^. 2. Meeting ■Wednesday, Dee. 3, at 7 ISO p.m^ in room 236 of the Union, Topic will be a continuation of “Marriage In the Cath- ‘ bj
ollc Church." , J —huNnion , ^
Progressive Party (Committee: Meeting postponed until ’Thursday, Dec. 4, at 7 p,m.
Room number to be.anpoUhccd later. ' f
' , —SLEEPER Activities Bureau: Interviewing comipitteo meeting Wednesday, Dec. 8, at 4:10
P.m. in room 212 of the
VU
Chi Epsilon actives and pledges: Meet a’. Civil building Wedhosday, Dec. 8, at 9 p,m. Pledges biting constitution, both plumb hOlra, pencils, flashlights, ten cente, and full boxes of candy. Have ail signatures and know all^about fraternity. —OHMAN ASME: Hebris pictares will be tiken Thursday, Dec. li, at 7 tSO p. m. in Union ballroom instead Of Thursday. Nov. 27.
„ , —UTLEY
All Agriculture Etndents are invited to a meeting of the Poultrsf Club Thursday. Dec. 4, at 7:30 p. m. in room 804 Of tjie Union. —WILBUl^ Flying Club: Debris pictures will be taken Sat., Dec. 6. at the airport at 1 p. m.
Please be prompt.
—HABIOHT
PIA Ward Social Chairman: Short meeting in PIA office Wednesday, Dec. 8, at v 6 p. m —BOHLKE Purdue Gymnastic Club: Members are asked to pay their dues for Nov. and Dec. at the office of Dr. Eastwood, Room ll^»at the Ficldhouse. —POZER . ' 'PAC: Important meeting Wednesday. Pecember 3, at 4 p. m. in Mai Elward’s offi^ie. Basketball assignments will be made. Please plan to attend. Also important news concerning athletic sponsoring. —ADAMS H, Forensic Managers: Report to office on Wednesday and Thursday afternoons at 4 p. m Important —LAWLER
You can trust it's Quality— CROWN CLEANING SERVICE Experience . . . modern methods, are big factors in rendering quality dry cleaning. ' Crown has had a quarter century experience in dry cleaning field. Recently we installed complete new dry cleaning equipment. @BowN imma
Experience proves that nothing takes the place of quality. You taste the quality of ice-cold Coca-Cola. Again and again you enjoy the charm of its delicious taste... and its cool, clean after-sense of complete refreshment. Thirst asks nothing more. BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY COCA COLA BOTTLING CO. — 6th and Salem — Phone 4937
You trust its quality
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Goody's Fine Shoes | I Goodwin's Shoe Store 1 In The Village | 302 State ^ filiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiil
I "T
BETTER CORSAGES AT LOWER PRICES Order UNION FORMAL & WRK Coriaget' At UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE yucr. and Wed., Z to 8 p. m. A Student Service tor Studenti EIGHER 0 HUSTVEOT, Local Agenti
. i:>. 'life