/V
Purdue
ZriU
Volume 5L No. 57
Exponent
Wednesday, November 15, 1939
Prom, Gala Week Campaigns Start Monday
Religious Week Speakers
Discuss War Problems
/
Lester, Muste Advocate Christian Faith As Only Answer To Question Biscussing “Personal Resources of Christian Faith,” Miss Muriel Lester, international secretary of the Fellowship of Reconciliation and founder and director of Kingsley Hall, London, and A. J. Muste, of the Labor Temple Church, New York City, spoke last night to nearly 1,000 persons in Eliza Fowler Hall at the second Religious Emphasis Week convocation. Lester Against War
Miss Lester, definitely against war and its aftermaths, said, “We have adequate resources for helpful, healthful, happy lives, but we do not live up to the chance. It is a matter of practice remembering God.” Trying to impress the audience of the necessity of remembering God, Miss Lester cited several stories of persons from her acquaintance that had found God and who had been more than thankful that they were aWe later to remember Him. “Confidence Is Faith” “Confidence is another word for faith,” said Miss Lester. In speaking of the war in China, Miss Lester added, “Hate for one another will spread all over the world unless we break out of this vicious circle (selling scrap iron to warring nations and then criticizing the country for conducting the war) and have faith in God. We must look through to meet this faith.” Throughout her speech Miss Lester smiled broadly, speaking with a pronounced English accent. Muste Speaks Muste, a man usually devoted to social problems, asked people to realize that “If it is true that there is a God then the fact is that He is reaching more for us than we are for Him. All the time we are runnii^ away from God.” '^Ve must reach outside ourselves to find ultimate goodness. That name of that goodness is God,” he concluded. Stewart Leads Singing t Albert P. Stewart, University Choral Director, led the audience in singing before and after the discussion. Following the initial speeches there was an open discussion.
A. J. Muste To Speak To PIA Members At Religious Meet A. J. Muste, former director of the Brookwood Labor College, will address the Purdue Independent Association today at 5 o’clock in the Faculty Lounge of the Union building. This talk is to give PIA members a chance to enter into Relig-
ious Emphasis Week.
Muste’s subject has not been announced, but it is hoped that students will assist him to conduct his talk in a “bull session” manner so that students may discuss any of
their problems with him.
Muste, whose field is working with laborers, is now at the Labor Temple in New York City. Students should particularly be interested in his talk because of his contact with a technical school and
with a laboring group.
Jasme Myer, co-ed executive of PIA, urges that all students who specified in the PIA survey that they were interested in a joint meet-
ing attend the lecture. WSGA Training
School Postponed WSGA Sophomore Training School scheduled for today and tomorrow has been postponed because of the Religious Emphasis Week program until November 29 and 30. Margaret Saurer, Libby Barmes, Mariana Wilson will be scheduled speakers on the program. Barmet and Saurer will speak on the Orientation Program for Transfer and Freshman students. Wilson will
discuss WSGA election.
Survey Reveals College Students Favor Thomas Dewey As Presidential Candidate
By Joe Beldon, Editor Student Opinion Surveys of America Thomas E. Dewey, youthful New York district attorney, is first choice for the United States presidency among the nation’s college and university students, less than a third of whom want Franklin D. Roosevelt to run again. Six months ago the Student Opinion Surveys found in its first poll on presidential possibilities that Paul V. McNutt, Democrat, held the lead with a popularity of 17.7 per cent, only 2.1 per cent over Dewey. McNutt Now Second Today the racket-busting Republican has climbed ahead and has with him over a third of those collegians who declare they have made up their minds on a candidate for 1940. McNutt has dropped to second place. Vice-president John N. Garner following a close third. The poll represents the opinions of students who have decided on a possible candidate without including President Roosevelt. To the question: “If Roosevelt is not a candidate in 1940, whom would you like to see elected president?” these answers were given:
May ’39 Today 1. Dewey (R) 15.6% 33.8% 2. McNutt (D) 17.7% 11.0% 3. Gamer (D) 9.7% 9.4% 4. Vandenberg (R).. 3.8% 8.3% 5. Hull (D) 8.3% 7.9% All others 29.6% Disregard Party Lines In both polls it has been found that most college youth apparently pay no attention to political party lines. Many who say their or their parents’ sentiments lie with the Republican party select a Democrat, and vice versa. Therefore, in the resrdts above there is no attempt to separate Democrats, Republicans, or any others. Comparisons with the polls of the American Institute of Public Opinion show that possible candidates leading among the nation’s voters are the same among college students. With Republican voters Dewey is a favorite. With Democrats Garner is the leader, ?ind McNutt, who has been gaining consistently, is second only to the Vicepresident. Among students, however, Gamer led only in the South. In every other section of the country Dewey and McNutt are more popular.
8:00 a.m.—Muste, Ag. Assembly, Horticulture Building. 8:00 a.m.—Sibley, Education, Room 6, Mr. Noss, Subject: What Is Re-
ligion?
9:00 a.m.—Harris, Education, Room 11, A. A. Smith, Sociology. 9:00 a. m.—Harkness, Recitation, 307, Dr. Graves. 9:00 a.m.—Bickham, Civil Engineering Lecture Room. 10:00 a. m.—^Tippy, Education, Room 11, A. A. Smith. 10:00 a.m.—Harkness, Mr. Noss, Education Building. 11:00 a. m.—^Tippy, Soph. Mech. Engineering Lecture Room, Golden Shops. 11:00 a. m.—Lester, Hr. Noss, Education Building. * Luncheon 12:00 noon—Faculty Luncheon, Harkness, Union, Rooms 1-2. 12:10 p. m.—Organ, Quiet Hour, Fowler Hall. 1:00 p. m.—Overton, Mr. Noss and A. A. Smith, Education Building. Seminars 4 to 5 p. m. ' 1. Preparation for Marriage and the Home, Stanley Coulter Hall, Lecture Room, Grace Sloan Overton. 2. Christian Character and Personality, Room F, Purdue Memorial Union Building, Mrs. Harper Sibley. 3. Christianity and Economic Problems, Room 101, Education Building, Miss Muriel Lester. 4. Christianity and International Problems, Assembly Room 233, Chemistry Annex, R. H. E. Espy, Paul Harris, Jr. 5. Science and Religion, Room 201, Education Building, Miss Georgia Harkness. 4:00 p.m.—Weinstein, Hillel Foundation. 5:00 p.m.—Muste, Independent Association, Faculty Lounge. 7:20 p. n(.—Copv’o, Tippy, Weinstein, Rooks, Fowler Hall. Subject: “The Kingdom of God On Earth—^What Is It Like?”
Students, Townspeople Hear G. S. Overton Discuss Marriage By Donna Siess —i—
Speaking on “Preparation for Marriage and the Home,” Mrs. Grace Sloan Overton, a featured speaker of the Religious Emphasis Week, addressed a group of approximately 900 students and townspeople yesterday afternoon in
Stanley Coulter Hall.
In-law Trouble
Mrs. Overton outlined for the group the trouble spots of marriage and solutions for these marital troubles. Rated as the first cause of disagreement was that of in-law relationships. As stated by Mrs. Overton, “You say you don’t marry the whole family, but you do!” It is necessary to work out a manageable plan to overcome this problem. The conflict of ideas is the cause of much of the marital trouble. “Practical living together takes skill,” stated Mrs. Overton. Differences in ideas must be considered before marriage and a complete understanding are agreed
upon.
Individual Personalities
Many couples fail to take each other as complete personalities. Mrs. Overton warned that a person shouldn’t expect to make his mate over, but accept his or her mate as
a total personality.
Stressing the importance of tempermental adjustment, Mrs. Overton asked, “How adjustable are you? Can you do the things your mate enjoys without too much fric-
tion?”
Money and Sex
Money and sex were listed as two other important marital trouble spots. In relation to sex, it was pointed out that this is not the cause but only the occasion to resent deep seated trouble in other
places.
Following the formal talk, the meeting was thrown open to discussion. Mrs. Overton will discuss this problem again this afternoon at 4 p. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall.
Remaining lU Tickets On Sale All remaining tickets for the final football game of the season, to be played with Indiana at Bloomington Saturday, November 25, have been placed on sale at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse, it was announced today by C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales. Less than 1,000 tickets still remain in our allotment, and it is anticipated that there will be a complete sellout well before game time. Co-eds! Eds! Pep Session Tomorrow Sponsored jointly by Reamer, Gimlet, and Skull and Crescent honoraries, the pep session for the Wisconsin game will be held Thursday night at 7 o’clock in the Fieldhouse. Peter “Doc” Anderson, local business man and long a booster of University athletics, will be on hand to give a short talk to the assembled student body. With the long sought-for Big Ten victory, the 3 to 0 triumph over Northwestern, finally gained, the organizations expect a large turnout for the affair. Plans are being made to enable every one to enjoy the program. All fraternities and sororities are expected to send their pledges with appropriate signs.
Candidates May Obtain Petitions In Senate Office Candidates for Prom and Gala Week committees can begin their campaigning next week! Beginning Monday, November 20, petitions for these committees may be obtained at the Student Senate office from 4 to 5:45 p. m. for one dollar. Petitions may also be obtained Tuesday, November 21, and Monday, November 27.
Men: Enter That Queen In Debris Beauty Contest Hear ye! Hear ye! Nominations for Debris’ annual beauty contest to be held on December 2, are now open. All co-eds, including winners of the 1938 contest are eligible, but with the exception of last year’s beauty queens. Anyone is permitted to enter as many girls as he or she likes by putting her name in the red box (you can’t miss it) which has been placed on the west desk of the Union. The Student Union is helping to ^ stage the contest and plans are xmder way to have several meetings of the prospective beauties before the night of the contest. The last 24 co-ed finalists in the contest will have their pictures in the book, and the four winners will have full page pictures in the 1940 Debris. At the close of the contest, a mixer will be held in honor of the four lucky winners. The judges, which are to be annoxmced later, will be from off campus and impartial. So, men, don’t delay! Enter that queen of yours early. Her chances are just as good as the next. By all means don’t leave it to someone else to enter her. Alpha Tau Omega ... social fraternity, announces the initiation of Forrest J. Weber, of Plainfield.
C. H. Robertson Will Talk Tonight At 7:30 On 'Study, Memory' Dr. C. H. Robertson of the Mechanical Engineering department will give a talk entitled, “Study, Thinking, ajad Memory,” at an open meeting tonight in room 207, Mechanical Engineering building, at 7:30 o’clock. Robertson only recently returned from the Orient where he spent 24 years lecturing for the YMCA. Dr. Robertson is known far and wide for his great lecturing ability, and while in the Orient talked to an average of ten thousand persons monthly. “Big Robbie” was a university graduate in Mechanical Engineering in 1905. While at Purdue his athletic ability was outstanding. He was captain of the football team which went unbeaten and unscored upon; won a track meet in Chicago almost single handed; and was a star baseball player “Big Robbie,” as he is now known, was the founder of Tau Beta Pi, Mechanical Engineering honorary, at Purdue H. Sibley Will Speak Before Virginia C. Meredith Club Today National YWCA Vice President, Mrs. Harper Sibley, will address the Virginia C. Meredith Club today at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Lounge of the Memorial Union building. “Personality Development” is the subject of her speech. The meeting is open to all co-eds, Mary Glenn Yeager, president of the Virginia C. Meredith Club, announced yesterday. Mrs. Sibley, a member of the National Council of Federated Church Women, is on the campus as a Religious Emphasis Week speaker. She was formerly the religious adx^isor on the women’s campus of Rochester University, and is now a member of the Rochester YWCA board of trustees. Her activities also extend to the Far East where she is a member of the board of trustees of Hua Chimg College at Wuchang, China.
In order to be eligible for the Prom Committee, junior petitioners must obtain the signatures of at least 50 members of their class. Seniors who desire to be elected to Gala Week must have at least 50 signatures of members of the senior class. All petitions for both committees with the 50 names must be turned in on Friday, December 1 at 5 p. m. in the Senate’s Union office. Elections will be held on Tuesday, December 12, from 7 a. m. to 6 p. m. in the Great Hall of the Union. Juniors will vote for jxmiors only and seniors will vote for seniors only. The Prom Committee will be composed of seven elected juniors who have the most votes and meet all the necessary requirements regardless of party affiliation. The Gala Week committee will be comprised of six elected seniors who, like the juniors, get the most votes and pass fill the regulations. As in all other activities, members of both committees must have a 3.5 point status in his or her grades in the University. In order to avoid embarrassment Senate officials urge all candidates to check up on their scholastic index in order to be sme they will be eligible. Campaigns, as in years gone by, will be wide open affairs with student votes and opinions subjected to the wiles and infiuences of the various parties desiring election. Campus Bands Will Play In Cafeteria Reviving a custom of two years ago, Irvan Maury and his campus band will play for mid-day Union cafeteria patrons beginning today and continuing each noon for the remainder of the week. Union officials announced last night that music will be provided every day from 12 to 12:30 in the newly opened portion of the cafeteria. Different campus bands will be heard, each one contracting for a week’s schedule.
Over 200
. . . students attended the Student Union sponsored tea dance yesterday afternoon in the Union ballroom. A large number of co-eds were in evidence and the cutting was only between numbers. Music was furnished by recordings. The dance lasted from 4 to 5:30 p. m.
Who Lost What? Student Senate Establishes Lost-Found Bureau
By Maeta Kaplan Have you lost your glasses, a slide rule, or a book? These are only a few of the many items collected by the Student Senate during the two days that their new Lost and Pound department has been functioning. Elnough books have been found to fill half of a shelf. The rest of the shelf holds four slid:e rules, six hats, four freshman pots, a plaid scarf, and several pens and eversharps. Perhaps the saddest looking things on the shelf are the four lonely unmated gloves. Won’t somebody please come and claim them ? A brown herringbone tweed and gabardine co-ed's reversible coat hangs unclaimed next to two brown leather jackets and a white canvass “beer” jacket. Two military overseas caps have also been found.
The Student Senate committee in charge of the Lost and Found department values the group of articles collected at about $75. If you have lost something, go to the Student Senate office, room A of the Union building. Report your loss to the attendant in the office who will look in the files to see if your article has been found. The articles are collected from all the buildings on the campus. All students are asked to cooperate by turning in any article which they have found and to report any losses. This department has been organized after a survey of students on the campus indicated that such a service was necessary. A similar department has been conducted in previous years. Margaret Mitchell and John Stewart are in charge of the department.1(I;P
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
W^dnesday« November 15, 1939
Lost Articles
But
... have been a worry for Boilermakers ever since Purdue stepped out of the cradle. When a student loses any article, whether it be a book, sliderule, or hat, he has no definite place to which he may turn. The student usually has a merry-go-rpund journey visiting professors, janitors, and the offices of the various buildings. Now Student Senate comes out with a centralized lost and found bureau to fill this longstanding need. This bureau will be established in the Senate office in the Union, and opens today. Hours.of operation will be from 4 to 5:45 p. m. every day. Already Senate workers have collected from various campus buildings six hats, three sliderules, three fountain pens, a coat, many books, a pair of glasses, and other miscellaneous articles. Senate workers will be sent to every building once each week. It will still be possible, of course, for the student who loses any article to pick it up before the Senate takes it intocusto^. A.rticles will be numbered, and description entered on a filing system. Students niust positively describe the lost article before it will be returned to them. The fate of unclaimed articles has not yet been decided. The success of the lost and found bureau is' entirely in the hands of the Student Senate. If efficiently operated, it will be a worthwhile project for every student in the University. Success of the enterprise will depend on regular collection of lost articles from all buildings, an efficient filing system, and somebody on the job in the Senate office every afternoon. We hope the Senate can conduct the lost and found bureau in such a manner that it will be Useful for the entire student body and faculty.
Purdue Exponenf*
E. E. Inslcy. W. E. SmiUi..^
Editor-in-Chief Bnslnesa lianaKcr
Phones: Editorial, 4005; Business, 5038; Sports, 2792 Published daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1679, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1108, Act of October 8, 1917, au&orized January 20, 1922. /JEPRE9ENTEO POR- NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National AdverfisingSoirviceJnc. ■ College Publishers Pepresentative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago - Boston - Los anceles - san Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduates students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarib coincide with the official University viewpoint
Night Editor—DeHoog
Issue Editor—Parks
By Vladimir Before \ye turn to that formal report we have due tomorrow morning, we’re going to get a few things off our minds. Mostly about submarines. Not just ordinary everyday submarines, mind you, but submarines of this ungodly variety that are liable to unsubmerge almost anywhere. We call them skrU-boats. * * * You meet them mostly in cartoons. In fact you meet them only in cartoons as far as we can figure. We’ve never ACTUALLY seen a submarine in the Aquacade. Have you ? ■ lie * * Then, too, there’s the submarine that came up in a private swimming pool. And the captain called for the navigating officer to check their position. The submarine that came up in the Dry Lake mirage kinda worried some of our western brothers. H* * But the submarine we take our hats off to, is the one whose conning tower shoved its way, with much splintering and cracking of wood, through the floor of the Motor Boat Show. All these cartoons are beginning to tell on us. When we walk down the street, we make sure to pass far around each and every mud puddle. If our puddle appears on the steps of the Union again, we just know we’ll start using the back door. We have even started to avoid the Fieldhouse and won’t go NEAR the Memorial Gymnasium anymore. The University cooling pond positively gives us chills. Each time we pass it we glance over it expectantly, ready to run and tell Mr. Bushnell to pull the plug. * * * You never know WHERE those darn boats are going to appear. *. * ‘ * .' , We haven’t taken a bath for three weeks. * * * Not to change the subject, but we’ve been requested to say something to the girl Tyho walked into the Browsing room, sat down, removed her shoes, and curled up in a chair with a book, * * * “Hello, girl.” • * • But we might add to that. After reading all the signs in the Browsing room and conversing with noted authorities on the subject, we find that; there is only one thing to do if you MUST remove your shoes while reading. - ■ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ sk !k. Check them.
of the
Leaders Are Absent To the Editorial Director: Even though we won a football game this week end some of us are not very proud of the Purdue students. Probably most of us who were in Chi^go this week end were having word battles for our school. We maintained that our team is at the top, that our courses are of the best, that socially we do not need to take the back seat that they attribute to us. We flared up with numerous arguments against the accusations that Purdue is too technical and does not offer enough cultural experiences. And yet—^whom did we see at the conference on “The Scientist Looks at Religion?” A group of interested students with faculty members and parents filled Fowler Hall, but our so-called campus leaders were conspicuously absent. The people we see at most of the dances, in the Sweet Shop, and so forth weren’t there. Why not??? How could they have been the ones to defend Purdue’s culfniral advantages when they don’t avail themselves of the opportunities presented on our campus ? Should we continue to defend a group of students who fulfill honest accusations, or shall we make Purdue the school and the student body that we say it is ? B. D,, H. Ec.,’40. Penalty Too Severe? Dear Editorial Director : In regard to the recent furor that has struck our campus, namely the painting episode, I hope that the University is quite proud of itself. Putting a criminaL record against two boys, a record that can never be erased, is surely something to be proud about.
After all, it was a prank, however silly and idiotic as it seems, and should be punished as a prank, and not as a criminal act. Expelling these boys is punishment enough, in fact, too much. The anxiety these boys went through is punishment enough. They are not modern Dillingers, they are not criminals at heart, therefore they should not be exposed or treated as such. It was student property that was damaged, so let the students, as a whole, decide the outcome of the affair, I, for one, believe these Dillingers (?) should be given a break. Give them another chance. The University is here to build men, not destroy them. Let them remember that. There must be some way to solve this episode without expulsion and persecution. Let’s think it over without acting too hastily. Remember, the future of two individuals depends upon that outcome. Give them a break. C. M. D., Class of'41. J. B. M., Class of ’41.
E.W. Oldham . . . representative for Firestone Tire and Rubber Company, scheduled to be on the campus today, tomorrow and Friday to interview seniors, has postponed his visit. The group meeting scheduled in the EE lecture room at 4 p. m. today has been indefinitely postponed. Dr, H. H, Remmers . . . of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology and of the Division of Educational Reference has accepted an invitation to teach at the State University of WashA ington next summer. He will give courses in educational psychology.
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
—/with— I CHARLES BICKFORD JEAN PARKER —AND— 'Return of the Cisco Kid' _vnTH — WARNER BAXTER LYNN BARI —Also — "RED BARRY," SERIAL
THURS. - FRI. - SAT. "TEXAS STAMPEDE" "STREET OF MISSING MEN' 'LONE RANGER RIDES AGAIN'
-TODAY-
DOUBLE FEATURE ERROL FLYNN IN 'FOUR'S A CROWD' —PLUS— "HELL'S KITCHEN" _WITH-l^ THE DEAD END KIDS MARGARET LINDSAY
Starts TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE > ...WITHOUT HEARTS!
— PLUS — 'SABOTAGE' — WITH — GORDON OLIVER ARLEEN WHALEN
f GRim AKO BEAR IT
By lidify
Lambda Chi prexy, John Harris, is now on his seventh year at this University. During these uneventful years, he had had no dates whatsoever, but times have changed. Johnny is dating Joyce Davison, Pedalion, almost every day, which proves that every man has his fling, no matter how long it tikes to get started. —B & B— Now that all of the seniors have returned, all we hear about nowadays is how nice the town of Chicago is, “It was a little expensive, but we took in all the joints. Boy, watta town, watta time!. Er . . . how about a loan of a few bucks till Saturday, huh?” —B & B— Dear Phantom Co-ed: Your contrib about the Russian, Sonya, and her relationship With the song Sylvia has gone over my head. I’ve lost sleep trying to figure it out, but I give up. What’s the answer? Expectantly, B & B Editor. —B&B— Don Sinish is on the loose with a Military Ball ticket, but no date. He says that he is offering to exchange one date for the Ball in return for a date to the Pan-Hellenic, That is a heck of a way to get a date, but it will probably bring results. Girls, his phone number is 3747; this will Save you the trouble of looking it up. —B & B— Next time, Don, we’ll have to charge you for an ad. This one is on the house. —B & B— Soph Fred Adams and frosh co-ed Jane Humphreys are not hitting it off so well nowadays. Their romance has been going on for two months, and now there is t^lk of just being friends. He is too good
STARTS TOMORROW A new brood of American Eagles . . . winging into the sky for love and glory ...
WITH — RANDOLPH SCOTT PRESTON FOSTER
LAST DAY
LESLIE HOWARD — IN — INTERMEZZO'
NEW VICTOR RECORDS
On Sale This Week
• 26400 I Didn't Know What Time It Was—Vocadance Make with the Kisses— Vocadanee Bea Wain with Orchestra • 26401 All the Things You Are —F.T. (V.R.T That Lucky Fellow— —F.T. (V.R.) Tommy Dorsey and his Orchestra • 26402 Three LitHe Fishies (Itty Bitty Poo) (A Musical Caricature) Night and Day (Piano solo) Alec Templeton • 26403 Happy Birthday to Love— —F.T, (V.R.) The Answer Is Love— —F.T. (V.R.) Hal Kemp and his Orchestra • 26404 Bless You—F.H. (V.R.) I Like to Recognize the Tune—F.T. (V.R.) Gray Gordon and his Tic-Toc Rhythm
The Foster Shop Authorized Dealers VICTROLAS - VICTOR RECORDS East Side Square
"Do you plead not guilty to assault and battery, or do you care to boast?”
looking a guy to let loose, Jane, and you entirely too cute. A beautiful couple, and poof . . . whatsamatta? —B&B— ... which leads up to the poor soph who went home for a week end and gave the hometown gal his ASME pin to bind their love.
It won’t be long now until we can crowd the Union building watching the imports come staggering by happily, with all that lovelite oozing out of their eyes, as they gaze at their uniformed hero.
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
HFRE Ht IS, A-MERICA
rTHE NEW laNG OF^SVVflNG r
WALTER CATLEH • ED BROPHY -LAST TIMES TODAY— JAMES CAGNEY PRISCILLA LANE IN "THE ROARING TWENTIES" .
LUHA —LAST TIMES TODAYLOUIS HAYWARD JOAN BENNETT WARREN WILLIAM — IN — "THE MAN IN THE IRON MASK" — ALSO — SIGRID GURIE — IN— ' "The Forgotten Woman'
THURS. - FRI. - SAT. JOHNNY MACK BROWN — IN — 'OKLAHOMA FRONTIER' — ALSO — JEAN ROGERS . —IN — "HEAVEN WITH A BARBED WIRE FENCE"
J^ring Cheer
in
AUTUMN
This is the time she will be especially thrilled to receive lovely fresh flowers, whether she’s your sweetheart, wife, hostess. Choose from our large selection of choice blooms, so fine and fresh they’ll stay beautiful for days.
o 635 Main Street
»■>iv
Wednesday, November 15# 1939
£xfiDfuiitL Sp(f^ S^aqa
Boilermaker Distance Roamers Butler Scheduled
To Face Big Ten Track Powers Led by lanky Ed Holderman the Boilermaker cross-country team will invade Chicago this coming week end to compete in the Big Ten meet to be held at 3:30 Monday afternoon in Washington park. The thinlies will gallop four times around the onemile course and according to Coach Phillips, Ed has a good chance to break the finishing tape in front of the other turf pounders. Although his efforts failed to register a Purdue victory, Holderman led the pack in the Pittsburgh'haeet thus scoring his first win in crosscountry competition. At Madison, the Badgers handed Phillips’ squad another defeat, led by Walter Mehl, who romped home 76 yards ahead of Holderman. Wisconsin’s crosscountry squad coached by veteran Tom Jones looms as one of the country’s best. They recently topped the Indiana team which has dominated the midwest in this sport in recent years. The Badgers loom as the big threat to a Boilermaker victory Monday. Mehl is the only man to have beaten Holderman in collegiate competition and they have Foxx, who finished second in the Indiana meet. The entire Boilermaker team will make the trip to
Chicago.
Purdue Eds To Learn Art of Self Defense Boxing is soon to become available to the general student body, with Joe Benna, former Golden Gloves champion, taking on the role of instructor. Joe' is one of the most skillfid boxers Purdue has seen in many years, and should prove to be very successful in instructing willing Boilermakers in the manly art of self defense. Monday, November 27, has been the date set for instruction to begin, and from then on, Joe will be up on the boxing deck every day from Monday through Friday, from
4 to 5:30.
Jirt ^MUiJtaJuf, SaiL Fellows order— Corsages from specially purchased wholesale lot at lowest market prices. Beautifully prepared by a Chicago expert. Corsages of one orchid, $2.00; two orchids, $3.50. Gardenias, two for 7Sc or to order., * Call D. G. Terrio, 76051 or Union Building.
For Grid Opener Here Next Season Butler, undefeated collegiate champions of Indiana, have been scheduled to provide the opposition for the Boilermakers in their gridiron opener next fall in Boss-Ade Stadium, it was announced by Noble Kizer, athletic director of the University, this week. The addition of the.opener with the Butler eleven that has already wound up its season’s schedlue with a record of seven victories and one tie, completes the Boilermaker 1940 schedule. The card, which includes a renewal of the intersectional series with Fordham in New York City and another stiff non-confer-ence encounter with Michigan Stdte at East Lansing, is highlighted by five Big Ten tussles. In' addition to Butler, Purdue’s other home opposition will be provided by Wisconsin and Indiana. Purdue’s complete 1940 schedule follows: Sept. 28—^Butler at Purdue. Oct. 12^—Purdue at Michigan State. Oct. 19—^Purdue at Chicago. Oct. 26—^Wisconsin at Purdue. Nov. 2—Purdue at Iowa. Nov. 9—Purdue at Fordham. Nov. 16—Purdue at Minnesota. Nov. 23—^Indiana at Purdue.
Here’s something new the democrats are being blamed for these days. The editor of the Wheaton College Record received a letter which said: “Dear Editor (You Democrat): We never froze at homecoming when Coolidge and Hoover were presidents.”
^/cMoa'a QhDlCiL By Robert J. Deckard All out for the pep session! And get out there tomorrow night, give those Boilermaker football men a yell, boost, and hand, and show them you’re behind them to a man! —fc— Next Saturday these men whom you are going to show your loyalty to tomorrow night are high-tailing it for the north woods to engage a contingent of TYisconsin Badgers in a hard-fought battle that marks the game as one of the toughest of the year. —^fc— While the Badgers and Boilermakers have not been friendly rivals for as many years as some of the well-known yearly conference grid duelists, since 1935 they have been meeting annually in some of the classic games that Big Ten lore has to offer for this period. —^fc— The rivalry had its genesis back in 1892 when the Boilermaker squad was •victorious 32 to 4 . . . Since that time the Badgers have gained revenge for this original setback ■with ten wins while the Purdue eleven has added eight wins to the original . . . Four times the brace of grid teams have battled vehemently to stalemates. —^fc— The Badgers are out for sweet revenge of last year’s 13-7 loss to the Boilermakers here in Lafayette .. . For a period of thirty minutes the men in Cardinal lived up to advance dope by standing the locals on their heads. But in the last half diminu-
Three-way liehtins floor' lamp. Furnished either Ivory and Gold or HUrhlighted Bronze finishes. Complbto with 8-way bnib. With parch-<7 qe ment shads With Bilk Instrated . • $9.95
^.n.S TAG I,ook for thla tag—It eertifles that these lam pa meet the specifications of the Illuminating Enginsoritfi
A new bridge lamp design, in choice of Ivory and Gold or High-lighted Bronze finishes. Complete with bulb.
With parchment shade
With silk shade
(illustrated)
$7.95 $9.95
New Styles —New Finishes in I.E.Sg Approved BETTER SIGHT LAMPS Choose your favorite style, your choice of finish and shade—^ALL of these lamps are certified for lighting efficiency by the I. E. S. tag they carry. Y^u can completely *!light-condition” your home .now with lamps that represent the newest developments of lighting science. See them all—atiy of them mean Better Light for your home.
(11,,
TABLE LAMP Hodsm table lamp, fa tho new lower height. In either lyory and Gold OT High-lighted Bronm. Complete with bnlb. With parch- qRAR ment shade .. • j k With aUk shade <7 QC (ilhutreted) ..
BUY ANY OF THESE LAMPS WITH SMALL MONTHLY PAYMENTS I
PUBLIC ' SERVICE COMPANY^ OF
We Carry a Complete Line of Indirect Lamps DECKER’S
518-520 Main St.
Phone 6477
Gridders Go BacIcTo Worfc Prepare For Wisconsin Tilt Getting back to work again after Monday’s holiday, the fiiBt in several weeks, the Boilermaker gridmen yesterday began building up ways and means of stopping Wisconsin’s desperate
Badgers at Madison Saturday.
tive Mike Byelene, trouble personified on the gridiron, sparked two l^veter six-pointers that clipped the Badger’s tail . . . The north woods men have never won a game from the Boilermakers since the series was renewed in 1925. Military Siudenis Start Swimmiag Meets Tonight Military department inter-bat-tery swimming meets start tonight at 7 o’clock in the Fieldhouse pool. The 60 yard free style is the first event; 100 yard breast stroke is slated for 7:30, and the 220 yard free style at 8 o’clock. The remainder of the contests -will be held tomorrow evening. Winners of the meets receive gold medals and citations. Second place awards are a silver medal and seven merits, while third place rates bronze medals and six merits. I-M Schedules PRACTICE basketball GAMES Today Court 1—J. Kurtz. 1:00—^Alpha Tau Omega vs. Delta Upsilon. 7:16—Kappa Sigma vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Court 2^—^Rechenbach. 7:00—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 7:16—Sigxoa Chi vs. Sigma Pi. 8:16—Ward 12 vs. Ward 1. 8:30—Ward 24 vs. Ward 28. Court 8—Swing. 7:00—^Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Theta Chi. 7:16—Beta Sigma Psi vs, Faculty. 8:16—^Ward 4 vS. Ward 30. 8:30—Ward 21 vs. Ward 8.
TOUCHBALL Today Field Official 6— Phi Kappa vs. Winner (Alpha Sigma Phi or Tau Kappa Epsilon). Papnrea 7— Kappa Sigma vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. „ Luce 8— Cary Hall 6 vs. Winner (Cary Hall 1 or 11). McGrath 9— ^Ward 6 vs. Winner (Ward 24 or 27).
Homecoming For Badgers Although the^lads from the land of milk and cheese have faired none too well so far this season in the matter of making more points than their opponents, the fact that they ■will be playing before a Wisconsin Homecoming crowd will do little to dampen the cardinal gridmen’s enthusiasm. Coach Mai Elward characterized the Badger eleven, which has outplayed its opponents in everything but the score, as the “hard luck” team of the conference. “Potentially,” said Elward, “Wisconsin has as powerful a squad as there is in the conference, and next Saturday before a Homecoming crowd will be ready for a supreme
effort.”
Galvin Out Johnny Galvin, who was unable to renew his feud with Bill DeCorrovant last week because of a pulled muscle in his side, was still nnable to run with ansdihing approaching his usual speed yesterday, and Elward indicated that Jack Brown may be called on to give another 60 minute performance of the type ke showed against the Wildcats. Carl Verplank, veteran guard, who has been out for two weeks with a groin injury, has failed to respond to treatment and barring a sudden recovery is not expected to see much action for the remainder of the year. Work On Defense Most of yesterday’s drill was spent in developing a defense to stop the powerful running of George Paskavan, brilliant Badger back, and to building up the Boilermaker attack which, was stopped cold by Northwestern for tlmee quarters.
1 DAY ONLY
SAT. NOV. 18
MA8S
MATINEE AND EVENING PERFORMANCES Legitimate Theatre Corporation of America, FORTUNE GALLO and A. M. OBERFELDER present THE MOST SIPE-SPLITTINQ BROADWAY COMEDY OF ALL ^ igiWAUFt JACKIE COOGAN
with FRANK McGLYNN
JOSEPHINE DUNN • CYRILLA DORNE
And All Star Broadway Cast
9 YEARS ON BROADWAY NEW YORK ALL SEATS RESERVED--ON SALE NOW
Box Office Open Daily 11:00 AM. to 9:00 P.M.
ADM.
Mat. 55-83-1.10-1.65-0^)0 Eva. 83-1.10-1.65-2.06-2.50 —Tax inchidod—
Phone 7903—M^ail orders accepted.
Corsages to suit the lacdles' tastes— expertly made—from the finest of flowers. Avoid disappointment by ordering from Qo.
527 Main
Phone 5432-1 - ■■ ' •" , ‘ I J'’ yt- ‘ "'f^'>jji>^'\)t
‘'.an '•‘j ‘ "'*" '''•^
r^''V ^'f 4. ^-^V-Vt-
S'/
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesdayf November 15. 1939
SdMoiOfficiab To Attend Meettng In Washington The annual meeting of the American Land Grant College Association will be held in Washington, D* C., this week. Representatives from the University will be President Elliott, who left November 8; David E. Ross, president of the board of trustees; Dean A. A. Potter, Associate Dean V. C. Freeman, Dean H. J. Reed, Dean Mary L. Matthews, L. E. Hoffman, associate county agent leader; R. G. Dukes, of the graduate school, and G. S. Meikle, director of research relations with industry.
Notices
No notlcca will b« aecepUd aftar 8 p. au
Chi Epsilon Pledgres: Meet in Civil building Wednesday, November 16, at 7:80 p. m. Bring candy, cigarettes, plumb bobs, flashlights and pencils. —CORNELL.
Religions Council: Important meeting on Thursday, November 16, at 5 p. m. in room F of the Union, with leaders of Religious Emphasis Week. —SWOPE.
Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting for selection of pledges Thursday, November 16, at 7:80 p. m. in old Agricultural office. —KEEN.
The Pnrdne Agrlcultnrist; Important meeting of assistant editors and editorial assistants in the office Wednesday, November 16, at 4 o’clock. —^BURBRINK.
PIA Dance Class: No meeting Thursday, November 16 Watch notices for next class. —LUTZ.
Classified Ads BUSCELLANEOUS FOR MILITARY BALl^Fellows—order orchid or gardenia corsages from special wholesale lot at lowest market prices. Corsages beautifully prepared by a Chicago expert. One orchid, $2.00; two for $8.60. Gardenias two for 76c, or to order. Phone Don Terrio, 76061, or at Union.
WSGA Executive Board: Short business meeting Wednesday, November 16, at 7:46 p m. in room A of the Union. —SICKMAN.
Poultry Club: Meeting Thursday, November 16, at 7:30 p. m. at Poultry building. Announcement of Egg and Chick Show committee Wm. Kohlmeyer of poultry department will speak. Refreshments. —SEARCY.
Lafayette Philatelic Society: Meeting Wednesday, November IB, at_ 7:16 p. m. in Agriculturist office of Union. —MILLER.
WANTED—^Two students to work at Tom’s Armory Restaurant. Call in person.
Cosmopolitan Club: There will be a preinitiation meeting at 4:30 p. m. Wednesday. November 15, in room C of the Union. —SHICKEL.
BOARD AND ROOM—Available January 1st, Junior or Senior, $25 month. Phone 6862.
atudaxd
FOR SALE TTPKWRITBBS-dm mOcm, ■ad psrtabla, aold, pTctoIiaeeA ten npalrad. New portable nuMblBes Jew ■■ 888.76. SuppUm a F. fiieMhuff, «M Mala Staaat. LOST AND FOUND LOST—^Log log duplex slide rule with R. C. McNeil ingraved on. Call 8301. Reward.
Reamer Club: More tickets are now available. See me between 5 and 6:30 Wednesday, November 16, in the main lounge of the Union. Any other time call 76831. —NITSCHE.
B-4 Swimming Team: Meet for Y-hour at 1 p. m. Wednesday, November 15, to practice: Cummings, Geletta, Elfvin, Bibbins, Ward, Seely, Schoeff. Cummings and Geletta will swim in meet at 7 p. m. Wednesday, November 16, in Fieldhouse. Others swim on succeeding nights » —ARCHIBALD.
LOST—Black wallet containing valuable cards. Finder please call Armstrong, 8904. Reward.
YWCA Cabinet: All cabinet members who are ushering at the convocation Wednesday, November 16, be at Fowler Hall at 7 p. m. The dinner for Mrs. Sibley is at 6:45 p. m Thursday, November 16. in
JAe, "Biit You Can Give Since flowers ore something to enjoy and appreciate, we think you will appreciate our many and easy to afford specials. Flowers to wear, flowers for decoration, and flowers for the appropriate gift. Dorner's Flower Shop
Main and 7th
Phone 6050
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Dine
• Hardware
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Mam St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
Sperb Hardware 1 Quality Mdse —Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• jewelers
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
• Locksmith
• Dairy Product’s
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-n N. 5th St. Phone 2828
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
the Chestnut room.
—epOLEY.
AU Freshmen: Any freshmen interested in working on the business or editorial staffs of Scrivener magazine may sign up in the Scrivener office in the Union Wednesday, November 16, or Thursday, November 16, at 6 p. m. —STEFFEE.
114 of the Mechanical Engineering building. Selection of pledges.
PIA Students: Meeting in Faculty Lounge from 6 to 6:46 p. m. Wednesday, November 16, to hear Rev. A. J. Muste, Religious Emphasis Week leader. All interested come. —MYER.
—CATTERALL. Exponent Editorial Workers: There will be a meeting of all Exponent male editorial staff workers in room D Thursday, November 16, at 7 p. m. Attendance is almost compulsory. Roll will be taken for the first time in Exponent’s history as long as I can remember. —FRED.
p. m. in room 184 of the EE building. —MILLER. Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting Thursday, November 16, at 7:80 p. m. in room 0 of the Union. Herb Heimlich will speak at the open meeting; dance plans and pledges wiU be discussed at business meeiitlg following, —TERRIO.
Maple Point on Wednesday, November 16, at 7:80. Skating until 10:80; anyone wishing to go must get tickets for skates before leaving for the rink. Call following for tickets and transportation: Marge Ward, 41111; Marcile Long, 2828; Fred Cordua, 86208: George Shawklns, 66714. All students are invited. —SHAWKINS.
Camera Club: Meeting Thursday, November 16, in Reception room of the Union. Photographic papers will be the subject of an illustrated lecture. —HEDDEN.
Independent Staff: Work lyednesday night in office. Copy must be in by 9 p. m. —BRODY.
Chi Epsilon Pledges: Meet at Civil building at 7:80 p. m. Wednesday, November 16. Bring candy, cigarettes, plumb bobs, flashlights, and pencils. —CORNELL. Alpha Phi Omega: Important meeting in room F of the Union Wednesday, November 16, at 7:80 p. m. Pledging and election. Please be present. —McCAMMON.
Men’s AU-Campus Bowling Tournament: Entries must be turned in to Student Union office by Thursday, November 28. —BROOKS
Senior Tactics: Make-ups for hours missed during the week of inspection trips will be held in room 108 of the Armory on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday, November 18, 14, 16, 17, at 4 p. m. for the "B” hour and 6 p. m. for the "A” hour. . —OAPT. THOMPSON
Kappa Delta Pi: Because of Religious Eimphasis Week, the regular meeting will be iK>stponed until Tuesday evening, November 21. —NEAL. Expoilent Staff: 'There will be a special Military Ball edition Friday night. All copy should be in by Wednesday, November 16. See the list in the office. ' —WILLSEY.
Student Senate: Meeting of Project Committee Wednesday, November 16, at 4 p, m. in the Senate office. —MvCAMMON.
Gimlet: There will be a meeting of actives and pledges at the Sigma Nu house Wednesday, November 16 at 6 p. m. —FRAZEE.
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Formal pledging Friday, November 17, at 7:80 p. m. in the Union. Wear your formal uniform. Bring initiation fee. —EILERING.
All Seniors: Who have not had their senior pictures taken for the 1940 Debris must have them taken at the Dexheimer-Carlon Studios in Indianapolis this week. Activity charts must be filled out at the Debris office at once. (11-19) —STRONG.
POMM Actives and Pledges: Formal pledging will be held in the Armory at 6 p. m. Wednesday, November 16. Wear formal uniforms. Banquet will be held in the Union at 5:30 p. m. All members and pledges are expected to attend this banquet. Bring 75 cents. —^HOLTER.
CE 22 Conditions: The examinations to remove C grade in CE 22 (Elementary Structures) will be given in room 801 of CE building from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, November 18. Please consult me at once. —SONE30N
Camera Club Members: Photo mount boards are now available at the West desk of the Union for use in the coming exhibit. (11-16) —HOPPER.
Catalyst Club: Very important business meeting at Chem and Met building Thursday, November 16, at 7:80 p. m. Final announcement about joining Alpha Chi Sigma. All members please be present. —OMOHUNDRO.
Tan Beta Pi: Important meeting at 7 p. m., Wednesday, November 16, in room
WBAA Staff: Meeting of the Purdue Radio Guild Thursday, November 16, at 7:16
Mixed Recreation: Sponsored every Friday at 7:30 p. m. by Sportswomen in Women’s Gymnasium. Wear tennis shoes for volleyball, badminton, shuffleboard, and ping pong. Bring dates for swimming— boys 10 cents. Everybody welcome. (11-16) —MA-THER. ME 61 & 62: An examination for removal of conditions will be given in each of these courses on Saturday, December 2, at 1 p. m. in room 801 ME building. Those Intending to take either of these examinations notify me before November 26. —BOLZ
Outing Club: Roller skating party at
Today’s Standard of Hygiene DEMANDS the regular cleaning of outer garments just as it demands the regular laundering of the under garments! Phone us for Pick-Up.
American Laundry
Phone 308§
THANKSGIVING HOLIDAY VACATION
Leave Lafayette 2:50 p.m. 12:20 a.m. Arrive Ft. Wayne 6fl)5 p.m. 3:10 a.m. Arrive Detroit 9:00 p.m. 6:50 a.m. Arrive Toledo 8ff)0 a.m.
Leave Lafayette 4:53 p.m. 1:50 a.m. Arrive Decatur 7:37 p.m. 4:55 a.m. Arrive Litchfield 8:52 p.m. 6:13 a.m. Arrive St. Louis 10:25 p.m. 8:00 a.m. All trains via Delmar ave., St. Louis. For particulars and rates telephone Aflent—7755.
WABASH
WAYS TO HAVE A GOOD TIME FOR
Any one good time for a nickel would be a bargain. But in this week’s Post, you get at least ten kinds of entertainment, and a lot of timely information, all for 5 cents!
6. PLAY GOLF WITHOUT AGONY. Ever play with somebody who keeps quoting rules—in his favor? Read Frank Dunce’s story, Foret, of the sweet young thing in red shirt and shorts who got even with the club’s most formidable player—by h»img up on rules we bet most golfers haven’t even heaitl of!
la FOUH-WAY DilAIMIA. The leading story in this , week’s Post is recommended for (1) football fens, (2) engaged couples, (3) girls smitten with gridiron stars, and (4) fathers who have sons in love with the wrong girl. Read Yesterday’s Heroes, by a new Post writer, William Brent. 2. INF®R!WATION PIECE. Are you annoyed by people who know “aU about the war”? You can silence them by revealing the important secret clause in the Rome-Berlin axis agreement. You’ll find it in Demaree Bess’ article, Mussolini Prepares for War. A radio dispatch from Geneva.
3. FUN WITH OUR FOUR-FOOTED PALS. Note to Wives: When you see papa polishing his shotgun, quick— get him Vereen Bell’s yam. Brag Dog, to read! He’ll end by wanting to own a bird-dog, of course. But you can talk Mm out of that. 4. HIGH JINKS BETWEEN THE LINES. After the game is over, read Tom Meany’s football article, Dixie Plays for Blood. Not that the South fights the Civil War aU over again, you vmderstand, but what’s a kick in the face if the referee isn’t looking? Sizzling football stories retold by a sports writer who’s watched the stretchers go by!
7. SHARE YOUR PLEASURE in the Post with others. Tell them how Father Divine produces thousand-doUar bills with the dexterity of a magician, to feed regiments of negro —and wMte—"angels.” You’ll learn how when you read Jack Alexander’s rollicking article. All Father’s Chilian Got Heavens—ahont the half-pint messiah who admits he is God. 8. GAME OF LOVE: (Played by 4), Is an ^ ambitious wife a spur or a knife in the back to a husband starting in business? Here’s the bittersweet story of two husbands whose wives raced for “success.” Richard Sherman’s Won’t You Walk a Little Faster? 9. BE A MAN-ABOUT-TOWN WITHOUT MOVING AN INCH. You can enjoy a personally conducted tour backstage with the First Lady of the Theatre. Read about the time Helen Hayes first met George M. Cohan; the time she played to cowboys; what happened in her first "grown up” part. (It’s in the unique story of her life, by her mother, continued in tMs week’s Post. Third part of eight.) 10. FUN IN TAHITI WITH NORDHOFF & HALL. It may be raining or snowing when you take this week’s Post home. What do you care? You’ll be IN Tahiti having a gay time reading Out of Gas, the comic adventures of the Tuttle family. You’re in time to catch the second part of tMs five-part novel, by the authors of those best-sellers, The Hurricane, Mutiny on the Bounty and The Dark River.
5. THE WOMAN
IN THE CASE. "His wife doesn’t know it, but I hear Professor Lorber has been running around with that good-looking school-teacher!” Is there a girl in your neighborhood the men all like and the women all hate?You’ll recaU her, definitely, when you read thestoryonpagelSofthisweek’sPost, But Love the Sinner, by Eve Bennett.
ENCORE! Don’t miss the editorial on page 22, A Chance to Go to Work. And fourteen swell cartoons. And poems (we direct your special attention to one on page 24 entitled For The Agony Column).
4^
.Jr-i
/ 3
i't