This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
WEDNESDAY October 5, 1938 Lcdoy^ttO/ Indioiia Vol. 50 No. 19
Student Union To Begin
New Committee Changes
Inaugurating some important changes in the policy of handling workers, the Student Union announced the changes along with sophomore committee appointments yesterday. The revisions are an effort to provide an opportunity for the Union worker to derive the maximum benefit and pleasure from his
activity.
In the organization and operation of the staff each of the nine vicepresidents is to have direct charge of one group of eds and one group of co-eds holding preference over their services. However, the four co-ed vice-presidents have first call over the co-ed members of the staff. Sophomore hour slips must be signed up in full with name, date, work, and time, and turned into the wice-presidfent in charge or placed in his box on completion of the day s work. Hours are to be totaled and posted each week; and, since hour slips are not to be graded this year, consistency will be considered a major factor. In light of this fact it is advisable that time and effort should be evenly distributed over the entire year. Rotate Staffs Throughout the year the sophomore staffs will be shifted nine times so that they may work under e^ph vice-president and become acquainted with the particular activity assigned him. A minimum requirement will be established for each so that the sophomore may have a thoroughly diversified year of activity. The committees, headed by the name of the vice-president in charge, are as follows: Union Committees Thais Crepps — Josinah Allen, Caroline Asbaugh, Ruth Bennett, Helen Cooperr Mary L. Goff, Rosemary Goodman, Ann Loring, Nancy Mahin, Alice Newton, and Joanne Potter. Mary McClelland—Dorothy Andrew, Dorothy Bates, Jane Black, (Continued on page 4)
Maestro Barker
Barker Returns To Swing For RIA Annual Fall Dance
Paul Barker will open the Purdue Independent Association’s social season Friday night when he plays for the annual fall dance to be held from 9 until 12 in the Union ballroom. Barker and his Indianapolis orchestra will feature Maverne Cheery, vocalist, in addition to several novelty numbers.
T. A.IIoleman Gets
For the past two years Barker has played for the PIA spring dance. He has also played numerous other engagements and therefore IS by no means a stranger to the campus.
Testimonial Book
T. A. Coleman, of the University staff, was presented with a testimonial book containing letters in appreciation of his 25 years’ service as leader of the Indiana County Agents, at the Annual Extension Workers dinner in the ballroom of the Union last night. The testimonial book contained letteis from Indiana farm and civic leaders, including Governor M. C. Townsend and Lieutenant Governor Schiicker. It was prepared by Epsilon Sigma Phi, honorary extension fiaternity, and was presented by M 0. Pence, piesident of that organization. Main speaker of the occasion, W. W. Clark, talked on “Professional Standards in Extension Work.” The conference, which began yesterday afternoon will continue through Friday.
Kaleidoscope of Color The decorations will follow the same idea as was used for summer prom, consisting of a barrage of floodlights focused on the colored windows from the outside. Such an airangement throws a kaleidoscope of color on the walls and ceiling of the entire ballroom.
Phyllis Dunn, women's social chairman, has sent invitations to the following faculty members to act as chaperon at the dance: Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Stewart, Miss Ruth Houghton, Miss Clare Coolidge, Dean and Mrs. M. L. Fisher, Dean Dorothy Stratton, Miss Marjorie Acheson, and Dean and Mis. A. A. Potter.
Admission will be upon the presentation of a membership card by one of the members and passports of both. Short dresses will be in order.
Alpha Kappa Lambda...
THE WEATHER
. . . social fraternity announces the pledging of the following men: R. H. Holloway, Downers Grove, 111.; D. E. Kilty, Fort Wayne; and M. E. Robertson, Fort Wayne.
Co-ed ft Plan For Gold JQiggers Dance; Prince Charmings Dance To Cisne
Eds, your chance to be entertained has come! For one night you may subtly express your opinion of making-up in public by wielding your razor in an open fashion^ You can be absolutely helpless when it comes to opening doors or putting on your coat. Your chance for -a different kind of date has come!
The gala event is the Gold Diggers Ball, sponsored by WSGA and scheduled for Friday night, October 14 in the Union ballroom. Eds will dance without a financial worry to the music of Dick Cisne and his band from the University of Illinois from nine until midnight. But be-
PIA To Commence
Organization Of Rooming Houses
An attempt to organize all rooming houses of more than eight members will be the object of a meeting to be held tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in room 1 and 2 of the Union. R. R. Shellhamer has been working on the plan since last year; and he, along with his ward chairmen, has almost completed the drive tp organize all rooming houses. Bob Fowler is the chairman and will introduce Dean Fisher and Chief Clevett who will be the speakers of the evening. Considering that there are over 4,000 students that are unorganized this movement will be of vast importance to students and landladies. The object of the new organizawill be to organize the independent students into a unified body; encourage and aid independent students to participate in (1) scholastic achievement, (2) social activities, (3) extra-curricular activities, (4) intramural sports; and make it possible to cope more efficiently with the housing situation.
Special Price Nears End As Almost 500
Scriveners Are Sold
Sales of Scrivener Magazine neared the 500 mark yesterday and the special issue given with each subscription is nearing exhaustion. English 32 students who have signed to take the magazine and have not yet paid their subscriptions will be able to subscribe in the office of Prof. E. G. Sutcliffe, room 204 in University Hall. This opportunity will be provided only until the few remaining copies of the special issue have been exhausted, after which the Scrivener will not take further subscriptions for the full four issues. The three regular issues of the magazine may be obtained, however, at a special price of 40 cents. English 32 students who signed for the four copies at 50 cents and who have failed to pay their subscriptions may take the three regular issues at 40 cents.
The first regular issue is scheduled to appear early in December, with others probably in February and May. Scrivener is written and published by University students, and carries short stories, poems, plays, and descriptive sketches. An organized sales drive to boost the circulation to near last year’s total of 700 is soon to be launched said Don Paarlberg, business manager.
PIA Plans Dessert
Party For Women
Forecast for Indiana: Considerable cloudiness, cooler in central and north portions today. Tomorroiy fair and warmer.
If you are a co-ed and are not going to a prefernce dinner tomorrow evening, why don’t you come to the PIA dessert party ? PIA girls are entertaining all unorganized co-eds in the reception room on the first floor of the Union Building tomorrow evening from 7:15 untij 8:30.
New acquaintances will be made through the aid of the ever-popular game of bingo. Later in the evening refresl^ments will be serveij. Although invitations will be issued only to freshmen girls who aye not going through rush, all unorganized co-eds are invited.
fore the dance co-eds will call for their Prince Charming, take him tq dinner, and present him with a colorful corsage fashioned of perhaps onions, lettuce, and radishes. Tickets to the Gold Diggers dance are on sale at the Union desk, sorority houses, and residence halls. The price is one dollar per couple. Before someone else asks your hero, pop the question and plan to spend the evening at his becTc and call. After the ball is over, the lads must be promptly escorted home. Who knows you may find your ideal date even though you have to pay and pay while doing it!
Pi Phi's Entertain Rushees
With Dinner, Style Show
Student Senate Approval
Legalizes Activities Bureau
Riding Club To Enter
Gregg Roundup At
Indianapolis Sunday
Purdue Riding Club will be represented at the Gregg Roundup at Indianapolis Sunday, October 9, by 27 riders and 9 horses, entered in eight events. Sponsored by Indiana Saddle Horse Association, the annual Roundup is expected to attract 500 horses from all over Indiana. It will last from 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
A somewhat unorthodox meet, the Roundup will feature classes and games for all types of horses and riding, including balloon races, the musical chair, novice jumping, and other amateur obstacle races, in addition to regular horsemanship and jumping contests.
Transportation to Indianapolis will be furnished for anyone desiring to go, providing sufficient interest is shown to warrant chartering buses. Admission to the Roundup Field is included in the $1.50 charge. Reservations should be made by calling Ed Little, 8444 before Saturday noon.
Late News Bulletin
MOSCOW—The Soviet government tonight served notice that she no longer considers herself as an ally of France. High government officials questioned the word of France after she tore up her treaty with Czechslovakia and sided with Germany at Munich.
PARIS—Premier Daladier today was making an attempt to form a peace pact with Germany, like the one Hitler signed with Great Britain. The premier received a tremendous vote of confidence from the house of deputies, on the question of his actions for peace at Munich.
HOUSTON, Tex.—Speaking at a national labor convention here yesterday, President Roosevelt urged that peace be brought about between the two warring factions of American labor. His speech was heard in silence, and no applause was forthcoming as he tried to unite the C.I.O. with the A. F. of L. Wm. Green made a strong speech immediately afterward, denouncing the C. I. O.
WSGA Mass Meeting
Postponed 'Til Oct. 12
Omitted by mistake from yesterday’s sorority rush story, was mention of the Pi Beta Phi’s informal rush dinners. Last night the Pi Phis entertained rushees at a Pall dinner. Bronze and bright yellow flowers were used as decorations, and the active members gave a style show following the dinner. Tonight rushees will be entertained at a traditional Pi Phi Wedding dinner. Appointments will be in white. Ella Lou Sexson is the rush chairman.
WSGA will hold its first mass meeting on Wedpesday, October 12, at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge. All freshman co-eds are Requested to attend this meeting, which was originally scheduled for tomorrow night. Professor Robert Phillips of the history and economics department will address the group. Two freshmen WSGA representatives will be elected at this time. Girls desiring to run for this office should have their petitions, signed by 21 freshmen co-eds, turned into the WSGA office by noon Monday, October ID.
Kappa Sigma,,.
Advisory Board Will Meet To Discuss
Organization Plan, Election Of Officers
Unanimous Student Senate approval last night made the newly organized Purdue Activities Bureau constitutiop legal except for the final faculty OK. Bill Feldman, editor of the Purdue Independent brought the Bureau and the proposed constitution to the Senate’s attention, and after 20 minute’s discussion, the constitution was passed without a dissenting vote.
Elliott Sees Need
T
Hazeiton Addresses House President's Council At Eledion
Helen Hazeiton, head of the women’s physical education department, led a discussion on “Leadership” yesterday afternoon at a meeting of the House Presidents’ Council in the WSGA office. She outlined points of responsibility in leadership for the house presidents. A short business meeting was held with Betty Lou Jakes presid-' ing. The following officers were elected: vice-president, Gladys Knollman; secretary, Willetta Ray; and social chairman, Mary Agnes Kelsay. An annoucement was made of the PIA party to be held tomorrow night at 7:30 in the reception room of the Union Building for all unorganized girls. Plans for the next meeting include a report on PIA fire insurance by Mary Glenn Yeager, and a report on the Conference for Contemporary Culture, sponsored by WSGA on November 16 and 17.
“I can see a profoun(L need for such an organization on the campus!” commented Senate President Gerald Elliott, “I feel that the Senate should back/the proposal and assist in getting the Bureau started,” he added. “Organization of this Bureau will add to Purdue’s fame as a progressive institution,** prophesied Feldman at the climax of his talk. The Activities Bureau will be a unique activity in itself, and I am confident it will bring credit to the University and to the persons and organizations who back it!” he concluded. Discuss Duties Discussion of methods of electing officers and of the duties of the Bureau advisory board.cleared up questions in the minds of several of the Senators and led the way for the favorable vote which followed. Members of the Bureau advisory board will meet at 9 tonight to make plans for electing officers and for starting the work of the organization. Details of decisions made upon these questions will appear in future issues of the Exponent.
Harding To Speak
Gold Peppers Keep ^1 Smoker
Insignia On Jerkin
Insignia for the Gold Peppers, co-ed booster honorary, this year will remain the gold ptepper on the left shoulder of the senior jerkins. This was decided at a recent Gold Peppers meeting. Crew hats were suggested but were voted down. In former years some of'the insignia has been black sleeveless sweaters or bl^ck scarfs with the gold peppers on them. The gold pepper on the jerkin was adopted temporarily before the senior parade game and adopted permanently Monday.
Dr. C. F. Harding, electrical engineering school head, will give an informal talk about his recent trip to Europe, at an AIEE sponsored smoker and get-together tomorrow night at 7:15 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union. Special music will be featured at the meeting, and refreshments will be served.
According to Dick Mansfield, president of the local chapter of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers, the main purpose of the meeting is to facilitate the acquaintances of the student electrical engineers. Mansfield said, “Every EE student should know not only every man in his own class, but every man in the school as well.”
'Seniors Must Keep Appointments,' Winters Carlon Will Not Return For Late Pictures
“Seniors wishing to have their pictures appear in the 1939 Debris, must keep their appointments with the photographer,” emphasized Debris Editor Fred Winters yesterday. According to Winters the seniors have been following the schedules much better than Monday, when less than 50 appeared out* of the
95 scheduled.
. . . social fraternity, elected the following men as officers for the coming semester: President, J, L. Thompson, Indianapolis; vice-presi-dent, R. J. Muehlhausen, Logansport; master of ceremonies, J. P. Edgerton, West Lafayette; and secretary, T- W. Coqvon, Marion.
Photographer Jerry Carlon, who has been taking senior pictures at the University for the last four years as a representative of the Dexheimer-Carlon Studios of Indianapolis, stated thqt all pictures must be taken during the scheduled periods as his time does not extend beyond. Fail To Appear Although more seniors have appeared Psr day, the actual number of photographs made has been rapidly falling behind the appointments scheduled. At one time yesterday, seven consecutive appointments were skipped without notice of change, leaving Carlon unoccupied for more than 35 minutes. The only red tape between the senior and the camera consists of having an activities chart filled. Carlon said yesterday that if everyone appeared for his scheduled five minutes there would be no wait-, ing. However, if more do not show up US prescribed, a waiting line will
probably form during the last few da3^ when the procrastinators will crowd the daily schedules. Arrange Schedules Debris workers copied all of the off hours for each senior from th« registrar’s files, arranged the schedules from these, and mailed postcards to those concerned, notifying them of the time for their photos. Photogrrapher Carlon pointed out that in former years he had returned in January to get pictures of those missed on his first trip, but that this year it would be impossible to do this and still have the senior panels ready for the printing dead-
line.
Carlon, however, will return to the campus sometime in November to show the proofs of pictures being taken and to i-eceive orders for the larger portraits. Duplicating the system used in taking the pictures, postal cards will be mailed to those photographed informing them of the time and place they may view their proofs.Mr' i»’-
^ ‘
^ditohial
•■J ,'A!? *‘ "5 Yf 'lyCi’^spr
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J-aaiuMiA
Wednesday, October 5, 1938
Student Senators... ... at their regular meeting last night saw fit to approve the constitution for the new Purdue Activities Bureau by unanimous vote. After hearing the plans drawn up for the Bureau the Senators enthusiastically gave it their official recognition and promised to stand behind it m this, its fii st year of operation as an activity m its own right. Those persons who will serve on the advisory board and others who were instrumental in getting the Activities Bureau idea started hope to have it actually functioning as an individual organization within a very short period of time. Necessary steps to be taken befor it can operate include making arrangements for housing the Bureau and its equipment, securing funds to finance the project, and getting the official University approval which will come through the faculty and its evccutive committee. ^ Sophomores and juniors who may be interested in working on the Bureau staff will soon have a chance to volunteer. We hope to print in the Exponent in a very few days a call for such workers and plans for the selection of the officers. Students who do work on the Bureau staff should have an excellent opportunity for training in personnel work—a department not yet covered by any other Purdue activity. As the Bureau proves its worth, its staff should'become eligible for the many other benefits and rewards which elected officers of other large activities share. Browsing Room... ... patrons and management are complaining that an important point of library etiquette is being neglected Many students, it seems, are being unwittingly selfish and are violating a browsing room rule. The trouble is this—students are always bringing wraps, school books, and other personal articles into the browsing room when the proper procedure is to deposit them in the check room. Reasons for complaint about this practice are twofold—first, the books and the wraps take up far too much room and can cause the place to become crowded; and second, books belonging to the browsing room occasionally are inadvertently mixed with school books and taken from the i^oom. Both these reasons are sound, and each one
the Purdue Exponent
REPRBSENTED FOR NATIONAl. ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publtshers RepresentaHve /J20 Madison Ave New York N Y CHICAOO BOSTON LOS ANGELES - SAN FRANCISCO Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 8 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October 3 1917, authorized January 20 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by earner for $3 00 per year, mail subscription $3 60
Editor-In-Chief Business Manager
H. I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor - S. ^r^n City Editor A Associate Editors G W Frederick K C Houston, B E Insley, W A Kroeplin, D G Temo, J C Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager — — Sales Manager — National Advertising ManagerAccounts Manager Art Director -
M. C. Reeves H M. Antonini W F. Berg V Daugherty H W Nevin W E. Smith _D J Henninger
Editor
Associate Editors-
CO-ED STAFF
_ - SaUy McKee Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wlckard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor _ ~ — - K L. McDonald Associate Editors — J A^bMer, R. Jenkins, R J Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6038
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdua University All opinions in it unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief
Night Editor—Kroeplin Issue Editor—Heiple Wednesday, October 5, 1938
is important enough in itself to merit enforcement of the rule about checking personal belongings. Another consideration might be the sloppy appearance the room assumes when non-descript raincoats, slide rules, texts, and hats are scattered around among the browsing room tables and chairs. Let’s take the few extra steps to the check room. After all, its a free Union service and it’s an easy way to assure safe and neat storage of personal belongings.
Spinach By Betty Wickard Hoops, my dear’ And don’t say you can’t wear them, if the fashion prophets speak truly, they will be all the rage this winter Agnes Brooks Young in “Recurring Cycles of Fashion” (see September 25 Life) proves by means of sketches and charts that the full skirt IS here to stay awhile The last cycle, starting with the bellshaped skirts of Queen Victoria and the Civil War belles, includes the tube-like affairs of the post World War flapper, and is now gradually revolving around to full, swooping gowns again Hence the hey day of the hoop is now upon us’ These affairs are not part of the skirt but are attached to a petticoat to be worn undei the dress Thus in case of necessity girls may park the hoops and still look presentable Who will supply the materials for this sudden new fashion’ According to the New Yorker, the Warren Featherbone Company of Three Oaks, Mich, just about has a monopoly upon the whoie industiy Business is booming, as witness a telegiam from’Paiis ordering 20,000 yaids of featherbone Hoops used to be made of whale bone, but since unfortunately, there is no time to catch whales, and since wire, cardboard, or bamboo are too stiff (consider the revolving door and othei modern pioblems, featherbone is the thing ) Gobblers are now in great demand, aside from their traditional Thanksgiving and Christmas uses, because turkey quills are employed to make featherbone’ The company has put out a petticoat at $3 29 and one store sold more than 100 of these last week On the cover of the October 1 Vogue IS a cameo, showing a wedding dress with hoop skirts to epitomize the new mode Leafing on through its pages one finds "a very feminine model of grey blue taffeta with hoops at the hips; amd across the page a stunning black velvet with a wide band of blue faille around the horsehair-stiff-ened skirt. Perhaps the hoop idea is merely a passing fad—the manager of the Warren Company gives it two years at least, but according to all fashion edicts the full skirt means im.
WB A A Programs
—Today— 11 00—Pi of Robert Phillips, American Institutions 11 50—Purdue News Plashes 12 00—Farm Facts 12 15—Sports Review, Dick Shively 12 30—Luncheon Dance Time 12 45—Wanita Wilson, soprano 1 00—Meditations, Rev Ghysels 1 15—Monitor Views the News 1 30—Geography in the News 1 is—Market Reports 2 00—Melody Time 2 30—The Home Decoratoi 3 00—Concert Review, Bill Ash. 4 00—Contract Bridge Chats 4 15—Dick Curtner, pianist 4 30—Melody Moods 4 45—Story Book Hour
12 15—Civic Chats, Mary Wagner 12 30—Luncheon Dance Time 12 45—Wilma Mills, popular songs 1 00—“I Want A Job ” 1 15—Melody Moments 1 30—Prof Frank Hall—Footnotes on the headlines. 1 45—Market Reports 2 00—The Apothecary 2 15—State Safety 2 30—^You and Your Child 2 45—Treasure Chest, Gilbert D Williams 3 00—Men of Vision 3 15—Afternoon Musicale 3 45—Morey J Doyle, pianist 4 00—^The Magic Carpet 4 15—Martha Whitehead, soprano 4 30—Stamp Club of the Air 4*45—Story Book Hour
—Tomorrow— 11 00—PTA Program 11 15—Charlotte Fiiend Stewart, ^soprano 11 30—Parade of Melody 11 50—Purdue News Plashes 12 00—Russ Mock, pianist
DON'T FORGET YOUR "B. B." (Beauty Budget)
And when you think of your budget, think of the MODERN BEAUTY SHOP I Our expert operators are trained to design the coiffure best for you — and at prices that fit your budget, too MODERN BEAUTY SHOP 653 Main Street Phone 6803
Freshmen who disobey rules at Aimour Institute of Technology may be “caught with their pants down ” If any “scum” as the neophytes are so termed, is caught disregarding the rules, he is relieved of his pants for a period of time— the length of the penalty depending on the whims of the sophomores All classes must be attended on schedule—pantless
IMPROVE YOUR BALLROOM DANCING BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS Friday, Oct. 7, 7:00 p. m. ADVANCED TAP CLASS 6 00 p. m. Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
TODAY
CmfilRROaRS
v^'CA^rnir-^
Starts Tomorrow DOUBLE FEATURE
ALISON SKIPWORTH POLLY MORAN in “Ladies in Distress” — Plus — “Daredevil Drivers” with DIUK PURCELL BEVERLY ROBERTS
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
The much discussed political machine must really be working in the two WRH’s this year At the election Thursday JEAN RAGSDALE and PHYLLIS JULIAN were elected presidents of the halls The girls are cousins, both from Valparaiso, Ind, and the director of the halls, MISS SCHLEMAN is also from Valparaiso In addition all the girls who received offices in the election are in the Home Ec school Such coincidences’ The gals really should let our campus politicians know their system SONG OF A LONELY ED: In spring I won my Lady Fair With poetry of mawkish air, Gee, how I wish I could remember Those pretty rhymes this dull September. On Saturday Afternoon the football team and the band performed at Butler A reporter signs himself “I’ll Never Tell” was there, too He tells us that Saturday evening EMRICK wasn’t there, but that some of the boys were seeing “SPOTS” nevertheless Then there’s the story of the dentist’s daughter who goes around with the best “set” in town. Why does BILL SCHILLING have such a horror of finding his name m this column ’ It really isn’t bad at all, BILL, after the first shock IS over Your friends forget all about it in less than 10 days So don’t worry NEW NURSERY RIME: Bye baby rocking Mama’s gone a-hocking To hock her little wedding ring To buy a fancy gown and swing. Theta Chi ROY FULLER has the unusual nickname of “TWINKLE BELL ” How come, ROY ’ It really sounds a bit on the queer side PAT POTTER, freshman town girl, seems to be getting a grand lush fiom Playboy BOB SCHLEN DORP these days Is he rushing her for himself or for some of his soioiity chums’ It looks like real devotion ODDITIES IN THE NEWS* Sorority lush is on the up and up this year—(joke) FAMOUS LAST LINE* The very essence of futility is a pickle puss look in the dark.
-and drive slowly because I haven’t made up my mind which of these four apartments I’m taking!
Bodeau, Knapp In Shape As Cross Country Team Drills For Wabash Meet With the complete recovery of Captain Bodeau and Knapp, the cross country team will turn out in its full strength at the meet with Wabash, its second opponent, Saturday This will be the only dual meet that the squad will have away from home this year Coach Hermon Phillips has been training his squad for the meet in hopes that it will partially avenge the defeat which it sulfered at the hands of Pittsburgh in its first meet The Panther squad, having tiained in hilly countiy, took Phillips’ new course in stride, finishing five men ahead of the first Boileimakei
Archery Competition Gets Underway Today A mixed archery tournament for all University students, beginners or otherwise, will begin today and continue each Wednesday for the next five weeks To be eligible for classification in the six divisions of winners, all paiticipants must turn in their scores by November 2 The SIX classes of winners will be made up of those who have the highest scores for flights of arrows shot at distances of 30, 40, and 50 yaids for women and 40, 50, 60 yaids for men
MAIM
— LAST DAY-
Stanford University physicists are perfecting a light that is 4,000 degrees hotter than the sun’s surface
— LAST DAYLAUREL AND HARDY
“SWISS MISS” — and — LUISE RAINER in “TOY WIFE”
Tomorrow - Fri. GENE AUTRY
Sat.
‘PUBLIC COWBOY No. 1” — and — PAUL KFLLY in “JUVENILE COURT”
ARC
s-y i<ni/i DIXIE DUNBAR WILLIAM LDNDIGAN CONSTANCE MOORE
-LAST TIMES TODAY—
thunder OAf STEEL HOOFS!
—AND—
Richard AR LE N Mory ASTO R Uonal STANDER
—ALSO— “Flash Gordon’s Trip to Mars,” Serial
THURS.-FRL-SAT. “Where the West Begins”
“Women in Prison”
“Zorro Rides Again”
umnsnid
NOW PLAYING /"IT SI22LESS'\ The grand Stars of "Te^i Pilot" in fomanca, drama, thrills mm ypiSWednesday, October 5, 1938
THE PURDUE
SpOijtA^
EXPONENT
d ift
n
Athletic Honorary Conducts Tryouts Twice Each Week
^We^re Going To Have Good Ball Team ’—Thompson
Tryouts are being conducted by .the local chapter of Sigma Delta
Psi, national athletic fraternity, every Monday and Thursday afternoon from 4:00 to 5:00 o’clock at Eoss-Ade Stadium. Passing the tests in all events entitles the participant to membership in the national fraternity, while passing any seven events automatically makes the participant a member of the local chapter. A participant may have as many trials as he needs to pass any event. Any fraternity man who achieves membership fo Sigma Delta Psi, will add five points to his fraternity’s total in the quest for the participation trophy. The outdoor tryouts will continue until weather conditions do not permit their continuance, at which time, the tryouts for the indoor events will begin. The indoor tryouts will be held in room 304 of the Men’s Gymnasium and in the Field-
house.
Following are a list of the outdoor events and the qualifications: 100 yard dash—11 3/5 sec. 120 yard low hurdles—16 sec. Running high jump—5 feet. Running board jump—17 feet. 16 lbs. shot put—30 feet. Football punt—120 feet. 1 mile run—6 min. Baseball throw—250 feet. Javelin throw—130 feet.
By P. C. Johnson “We’re going to have the best team this spring we’ve ever had.” This is a bit of optimism exjpressed by baseball Captain Jimmy Thompson, who is hoping to lead Purdue to a Big Ten championship next spring. “We’re going to miss Krause, Mangas, and Waling,” he said, “but with the outstanding sophomore material coming up, combined with last season’s veterans, we’re going to bring Purdue to the front this year in baseball.” Team Works Hard
A special janitorial course is now being offered in the University of Washington for those who want to be really good janitors. They have nothing on the University of Texas—^for only last year a janitor of the Main Building received his degree (not on a chamois skin) after completing four years of janitor work.
DO YOU ENJOY YOUR FOOD EVERY
When You Eat in the Union Cafeteria Your Meals Are Planned By a
TRAINED DIRECTOR WHO MAKES POSSIBLE A Diet Of ... .
FRESH • APPETIZING and • WHOLESOME FOOD
JhsL fiWvduSL TlfUmiJ^tJucdL lAjwofL
The Corner of the Campus^ Yet the Center of Activities
Intramural Hotices
The whole team is backing Jimmy in his statement. The pep and enthusiasm that is shown by the team in practice magnifies this statement. Although some of last year’s veterans are now playing football, they will all be back next spring. The sophomore material is excellent this year. Bob Bailey is the outstanding pitching prospect for the season. Bob kept in trim this summer by becoming a star, pitching performer for the local Red Sox. Other outstanding sophomores are Chamberland, Navta, Massoth, Burroughs, Fisher, Igney, and Danowski. Bredewater’s Back The brunt of the catching this season will fall on Bredewater and McAfee. Arnold Bredewater will be back this season and will form the nucleus of the pitching staff. W. B. “Burt” Sanders, coach for the fall practice, adds another good word for the team. “The fellows are coming along in fine shape,” he said. “We have plenty of interest and the boys are working very hard. There’s plenty of competition for every position and even last year’s regulars aren’t sure of landing their former berths.”
CLASS TENNIS Today—4:15 Pruitt vs. Ed. Vaughan. Kimmel vs. Daley. Lucht vs. Bosart. Deutman vs. Shadrick. Klein vs. Wagner. Brinduse vs. Curry. Powell vs. Forsyth or Johnston. Disher vs. Hargesheimer. Miller vs. Johnson or Balaishis. Fulwider sv. Monger or Lutz.
f
lelder’t.,.. ....choice
SOFTBALL—TODAY Diamond 1— Triangle vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 2— Sigma Chi vs. Phi Pi Phi. 4— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 5— Beta Theta Pi vs. Delta Tau Delta. 6— Delta Chi vs. Delta Upsilon. 7— Sigma Pi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 8— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Theta Tau. 9— Phi Kappa vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 10— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 11— Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 15— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 16— ^Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Kappa Sigma. •17—Kappa Delta Rho vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
There is a new organization on the Iowa gridiron this fall, .called the “Behind the Eight Ball Gliib” . . . after the Hawkeyes came back from the Pacific Coast two weeks ago still smarting from the defeat in their season opener 'with UCLA they came into town with miniature eight balls pinned on their lapels . . . the boys say they are going to wear the symbols until they are sure they have proven themselves to be unworthy of membership in such an august club . . . that means they will be gunning for Wisconsin this week-end . . . they were idle last week.
—^fc—
The directors of musical comedies aren’t the only ones who get to look at beautiful ankles day in and day out , .. Jesse Ferguson, lU football trainer, estimates that he will have performed the wrapping ceremonies on more than 7,200 ankles by the time the football season is over.
—^fc-
Fraternity Golf Finals Phi Delta Theta vs. Theta Chi. Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Kappa Delta Rho vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
A new era has been ushered in for cheer leading this year . . . one of the aspirants for the new group of acrobats seemed to be a little^ut out when he discovered that he was supposed to give up smoking if he wanted to make the grade . . . you have to be an athlete and go in training now to be one of those who guide the swelling roars of the football fans.
SOFTBALL RESULTS Ward 5—14, Ward 11—1. " Ward 12—8, Ward 2—6. Ward 1^—9, Ward 4—2. Ward 6—6, Ward 10—4. Ward 13—15, Ward 8—5. Ward 15—1, Ward 9—0 (forfeit). Ward 2X—9, Ward 14—8. Ward IIX—7, Ward 7—6. Ward 7X—10, Ward IX—3. Ward lOX—11, Ward 3—0. Cary Hall 8—5, Cary Hall 2—6. Cary Hall 9—6; Cary Hall 3—5. Cary Hall 1—14, Cary Hall 7—13. Phi Kappa Psi 7, Tau Kappa Epsilon 3. Theta Xi 12, Phi Gamma Delta 3. Phi Kappa Sigma 5, Beta Theta Pi 3. Cary Hall 4—3, Cary Hall 10—15. Cary Hall 5—0, Cary Hall 6—13.
-fc-
Although the Indiana-Purdue game is still dimly in the offing, ticket sales continue to break all records . .% all of the reserved seats on the west and east sides of the Stadium have been sold and orders are now being filled for the north curve . . . temporary bleachers will be erected across the south end to take care of those unfortunates who are unable to procure Stadium seats. —^fc—
Coach Phillips has started fall track to give his charges a chance to get in condition and smooth out 'their form so they will be all ready to| go into the indoor track season. . ! . the men are divided up into teams and hold intra-squad competitions.
CHILDREN’S DANCING CLASSES ORGANIZED ENROLL Saturday, October 8th
BALLET, TAP ^nd BALLROOMtli
Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
—^fc
An item of interest in this year’s cross country schedule is the Big Ten meet here at Purdue . .. Coach Phillips garners the credit for the starting up of this event after a lapse of more than five years ... all of the Big Ten teams except Michigan are expected to enter . . . this meet will be run in the morning of the Indiana football game, another prime item of interest for the Dad’s Day program.
HAYS lEWELHY CO. East Side of Square SHEAFFER. PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookslores
• Tailor
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
sparrendahl — tailor For Latest Student Styles 4th and Ferry Phone 6030
• Florists
• jewelers
Darner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
for distinctive corsages ROTH FLORIST Phone 795$—8050 635 main street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
Boilermaker Backs Prepare To Meet Gopher Squad Elward Tries Two^ackfield Combinations; Defense Tested Against Minnesota Plays
Convinced by scouting reports that the Boilermakers are apt to have trouble in attempting to break through Minnesota’s forward wall with any degree of consistency, Coach Mai Elward concentrated on the development of his two speedy backfields in an extended scrimmage session last night as Purdue continued preparation for the Big Ten opener. First running through a number
of plays with no actual scrimmage, then testing their ground-gaining possibilities against a mixed defense composed mostly of sophomores with a few juniors and seniors, the two backfields: Shackleton quarterback. Brown and Byelene, halfbacks, and DeWitte, fullback; had a fair amount of success on running plays. Ippolito Improved Mihal, Whitey Johnson, Mackiewicz, and Vergane ripped big holes in the defense for the backs to plunge through. Ippolito was showing great improvement and was driving into the line better than he has all season. Brown showed his heels to the defense whenever he got free by virtue of good blocking' by his teammates or by his own twisting and spinning. Pass Defense While the second backfield was scrimmaging, the first squad was worked out on pass defense against a team of freshmen. The Boilermaker squad showed in the Butler game that it needs a great deal of improvement in this line before it meets up with any first rate aerial attack such as will probably be used by Fordham, Wisconsin, and Ohio State in later games. In Saturday’s game Jim Nesbitt was quite successful at intercepting Bulldog passes, but if the Butler squad had had a more accurate passing combination, the final score would probably have been different. Frosh Use Gopher Plays Last night’s drill session, perhaps the most strenuous so far this season, was wound up in a defensive scrimmage against the yearlings using Minnesota plays, as Elward tried out types of defense designed to stop the Gopher battering ram.
World Series Starts Today
Before a predicted crowd of over 40,000 fans, the 1938 World’s Series will open at Wrigley Field this afternoon as the Chicago Cubs, who captured the National League flag in the last week of play, meet the New York Yankees, champions of the Junior Circuit. Going into the first game, the Cubs, because of their lately shown pep and spirit are given an outside chance of upsetting the murderous Yankees. “Gabby” Hartnett, the man whom Chicago is acclaiming, is all set to throw his pitching staff of Lee, Bryant, and Dean against the mighty bats of DiMaggio, Dickey, Gehrig, and Gordon. On the other hand Yankee Manager McCarthy is relying on his own slab aces and batting power to set the Bruins down on their heels.
InglemiHi, Baker To Play Billiards Match Tomorrow
Carl Baker, assistant billiards coach, and M. H. Ingleman, Purdue billiards champion, will meet at 6 o’clock tomorrow evening'in an exhibition match at straight rail billiards.
Eight Teams Enter Finals In Greek Golf Playoffs
Led by the Phi Delta Theta trio, which shot the low score of 214, eight teams last week entered the quarter-finals of the Fraternity Golf tournament. Following close on the heels of the leaders came the Kappa Delta Rho and Phi Kappa Psi boys with totals of 222 and 224 respectively. Leading the pack of fairway trotters was Ralph Hill of the Phi Delta Theta, who handed in a score of 69. This afternoon the eight remaining teams will meet at the Public Links for the first half of the quarter final round. <1
Ingleman will attempt to score BOO points before Baker reaches 100. Ingleman, a veteran at the game, is the possessor of a string of 427 points in one run, while his opponent. Baker, has been playing for only one year, but, according to F. E. Whitney, head of the KUiard room, the assistant coach has shown remarkable improvement since he started the game.
Standings in three cushion tournament, in games won and lost, are as follows: M. H. Ingleman, 3-0; Don Forbes, 1-0; James Zachary, 1-1; N. A. Phelps, 1-2; R. S. Perkins, 0-1; and R. C. Mitchell, 0-2.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT TODAY
A HAPPY THOUGHT FOR THRIFTY COUEGIANS
—SflUD your weekly laundry home by handy Railway Express
Right from your college rooms and return, conveniently, * economically and fast, with no bother at alL Just phone local college agent when to come for the bundle. He’ll call for it promptly—whisk it away bn speedy express trains, to your city or town and return the homedone product to you—<*// Without extra charge—the whole year through. Rates for this famous college service are low, anct you can send collect, you know (only by Railway Express, by the way). It’s a very popular method and adds to the happy thought. Phone our agent today. He’s a good man to know. 9 So. Second St. Phone 2025 Lafayette, Ind.
RAILWAY EXPRESS
agency, INC. NATION-WIPE RAIL-AIB SEBVKE
t
MlII
3bxaL ZMiu
THE POBDOE EXTQMENT
%ojtiaiA,
Wednesday, October 5, 1938
Student Union-
(Continued from page 1)
Jeanne Chandler, Elaine Fleischer, Eleanor Haase, Jetta Kesler, Mary Nourse, Ruth Randall, and Mae Simms. i Louise Shickler—Bernice Beisel, Mary Fischer, Helen Fleming, Jean Jones, Alice Keltner, Ruth Lyon, Ona Morrison, Vivian Peterson, Vir^nia Royce, Marge Seibert, and Naima Smitt. Margaret Stocker—Ellen Boyd, Barbai’a DePew, Lela Gabler, Thelma Goodman, Lena Hibbs, Bonnie Ketcham, Mary Monk, Ruth Powell, Nancy Pickard, and Martha Wattles. J. W. Ashton—R. P. Bratten, R. L. Elton, P. L. Hamman, R. W. Reed, R. R. Tilt, W. S. Rehm, Dorothy Andrew, Mary Golf, Ruth Randall, Virginia Royce, an^ Mae Simms. D. L. Brubeck—R. G. Ahlvin, A. B. Clarke, W. W. Ellsworth, B. H. Gedge, R. E. Jansing, J. Stewart, Caroline Asbaugh, Barbara DePew, Eleanor Haase, Jetta Kesler, Naima Smitt. P. T. Cooper—W. D. Bradley, W. R. Crow, R. E. Greenburg, D. W. Miller, W. K. Sharpies, H. D. Warning, Dorothy Bates, Alice Keltner, Mary Fischer, Ann Loring, Marge Seibert, and Martha Wattles. R. B. DeMars—J. H. Brooks, H. T. Eigelsbach, J. E. Girard, M. L. Mass, J. C. Van Camp, J. M. Venable, Jeanne Chandler, Helen Fleming, Nancy Pickard, and Ruth Powell. V. M. Hruby—L. J. Brodd, C. M. Burton, R. H. Dunham, W. S. Kennedy, J. T. Moore, W. R. Shelmerdene, Bernice Beisel, Rosemary Goodman, Jean Jones, Ruth Lyon, and Bonnie Kitcham. R. C. Kany—Ira Cadwaller, W. Chalberg, R, A. Hoffer, C. R. Kirkpatrick, R. 0. Potter, R. VThayer, Ellen Boyd, Lena Hibbs, Nancy Mahin, and Mary Monk. L. E. Morrisqn—W. S. Baker, E. E. Daggy, J. Fletcher, F. C. Leverette, J. W. Richey, F. T. Sarginson, Helen Cooper, Thelma Goodman, Alice Newton, and Mary Nourse. J. A. Richardson—G. D. Dewey, R. H. Bergstedt, F. J. Losson, N. E. Stoner, R. W. Van Hook, W. D. Huls, Josinah Allen, Ruth Bennett, Elaine Fleischer, and Vivian Peterson. J. R. Williamson—I. A. Fosse, R. A. Bates, W. C. Resler, W. H. Wells, R. A. Wilson, C. L. Keyes, W. C. Hosier, Jane Black, Lela Gabler, Ona Morrison, and Joanne Potter.
Many college graduates have found themselves victims of the depression in recent years and have had to adjust themselves to a different world than that for which their training had prepared them. In “The Tides of Mont St.-Michel” by Roger Varcel, Andre is just such a victim of the French depression. in spite of having married a girl who refuses to work out a philosophy for living without plenty of money, Andre is able to adapt himself and finds in his new surroundings peace, contentment, and real beauty—all of which he might have missed had not fate taken a hand. The following quotation from “The Tides of Mont St-Michel” describes Andre’s predicament. “The only business he really knew was his outworn one as a builder oFluxury ships. But Laura, for her part, with all the strength of her blindness to facts, declared that his lack of qualification merely extended his freedom of choice. According to her, having lost fortune was in itself a reference.” The last pages, depicting the tragic end of one of the characters, are particularly neatly, unobtrusively, but so rightly done. Through it all the old cathedral in Normandy dating from the 12th century, a place visited by many Americans, and so ably described by Henry Adams, pi-ovides a back-
ground of gray, crumbling beauty and musty antiquity. One feels the vigor, the cruelty,, and the fatality of the onslaught of the tide. A simple plot with beauty, drama, scenery, and social adjustments are woven into an interesting whole.
Payne, Euth, Stevens, Stevenson. —SQUIRES.
Wesley Foundation: Wesley Foundation will have a folk games party pn Friday evening, October at the church from 7:30 to 9 p. m. All students welcome. —McPADDEN.
Horticultural Society: Meeting in Horticultural Building, Thursday, October 6, at 7 p. m. —SMITH.
TYPEWRITERS—^All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoif, 606 Main street.
Unorganized Students: A representative from all rooming houses having eight or more students are urged to attend the house organization meeting that is to be held In rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building at 7:30 p. m. Thursday, October 6. Dean Fisher is —SHELLHAMMER, SHERMAN.
CALLING ALL FRATERNITIES—Chapter Bulletins a specialty. You furnish the copy—we set the type and furnish you galley proofs. You make up the dummy—we print and you are ready to maih Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
Sophomores: Those sophomores wishing to come out for forensic manager please report to room 301 of University Hall today, October 6 at 7 p. m. —CARR.
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS—60 assorted lovely designs, with envelopes for $1.60. Finest quality art $8.00. Your name inscribed on each free if desired. An ideal Xmas gift. Order early. Nichols & Co., Rockmart, Georgia. CALL 7828 and order a case of 320— economy toilet roll $4.60.
Gimlet: Meeting of actives and pledges at the Phi Kappa Psi house today, October 6, at 6 :46 p. m. —SWAN.
Purdue Independent Staff: Meet today, October 6, at 7 p. m. in the PIA office. Important that all members of business and editorial staffs be present. Freshmen or sophomores interested in working on the paper may sign up at this meeting. —FELDMAN.
QUESTION 7—Why not use paper nap-kins—-a nice embossed standard weight 18%xl3% only $3.60 per case. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
WANTED—Alto Sax men for campus band. Call 4944.
Purdue Peace Committee: All members are urged to attend the first meeting of the year in room A of the Union building, at 8,16 p. m. Thursday, October 6. —CULP,
FCffi RENT: Half of double room. One block from Armory. 46751—^223 Waldron
FOR RENT—Room for 3 students Kitchen privileges. $9.60 each. 601 Evergreen.
ROOMMATE for Soph. Single bed. Continuous hot water. Clean Quiet. Phone 36934. 226 Pierce St.
PEDIGREED BULL TERRIERS for sale. Make excellent and distinctive mascots. Howard West, 919 King St., Lafayette.
Military Seniors: Seniors who applied for assignment to battery athletic officer contact Captain Beckley at the Armory, telephone 2631 or 6902, prior to your next corps day. (10-7) —BECKLEY. Mixed Archery: Today, October 6, from 4 to 6:3G p. m. on the women’s range. Come out for instruction, practice, or to enter in the "best end” tournament. Co-eds check out equipment at gym. Men’s tackle will be at the field. —BAIXIOLM.
Notices
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting today, October 6, in room A of the Union at T:30 p. m. All members be present for appointment of Committees —WADLEIGH.
Purdue Engineer: The following men repoit to Hart in the Engineer office at 4 p. m. today, October 6: Long, Martinek,
Wesley Foundation: Morning Watch will be held Thursday, October 6, at 7:30 a. m, witn Bonnie Nutter as leader. —MELSER.
Step Out
at the next party Send us your formals, our Dry Cleaning will restore its beauty.
AMERICAN LAUNDRY
THE
mtmm" LAUNDRY'
.<and.
CLEANING,
ca
Fine Cleaning and Shoe Repairs
West Side - 132 Vine Street
Activity Bureau Advisory Board: Meeting tonight, October 6, at 9 p. m. in rooml of the Union. ' -JACOBSON.
Thursday, October 6 at 6 p. m. —DEAN.
Exponent Co-ed Workers: Staff for today, October 6, will be Sebast, Burtsfield, Briscoe, Short, Pierce, Wilkinson, Pratber, and Voigt. —McKEE.
Exponent Co-ed Sophomores: All those who intend to continue work on the co-ed staff must be present at a meeting Friday, October 7, at 4 p. m. in room E of the Union or present an excuse. Those expected to be present are Briscoe, Burtsfield, Butz, Carroll, Joy, Miller, Schlitter, Sebast, Short, Simpson, and Totten. — —McKEE.
Purdue Bidipff Club: All applications for membership must be ttimed in at the stables by Wednesday, October 6. —SUipiERS. Triton Club: Call-out meeting postponed until Tuesday, October 11 at 4 p. m. —JORGB80N. Faculty Iffembers: WEembersiiip tickets fop the Indiana State Teachers Association are on sale at the general office in the Education Building. Price, $2. (10-6) —McCOMB.
Senior Engineers: Tljose intending to go on an inspection trip to Washington, D. C., sign up at the west desk of the Union today and tomorrow, October 6 and 6. All ME Administrative and H & V as well as PSE are eligible. —HENSLER.
Men’s Archery: Archery every week day at 4 p. m. on the men’s range north of Cary Hall and west of the Stadium. Equipment will be furnished. (10-6) —KINZBR.
Fraternity Presidents: Please send checks payable to the Gimlet Club for Intra-Squad football game to R S. Harper at the Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity. —HARPER.
Purdue Student Alliance: Important meeting of all members in room B of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. today, October 6. —BURTON.
All EE’s: All electrical engineering stfidents are invited to attend an AIEE smpl^r in the faculty lounge of the Union Building Thursday, October 6, at 7:16 p. m. —MANSFIELD.
Alpha Zeta: Meeting today, October 6, at 7:30 p. m. in the Agriculturist office. —STONAKER.
Sigma Delta Chi: There will be a meeting Wednesday, October 6, at 7 p. m. in room E of the Union. —BAILEY. WSGA Freshmen Petitions: All petitions for freshman representative on the WSGA executive Board must be in the WSGA office by noon Monday, October 10. —MBRRIELL. Purdue Engineer: The following qien report to Squires or Catteral in the Union office of the Engineer at 4 p. m. Tuesday, October 6: A. Johnson, K. Kimmel, T. Lantz, W. Mossberg, P. Newman, and M. Packman. —RICES. Bible Class: The Bible class under the auspices of the Purdue Religious Council will meet at 7 p. m. Wednesday, October 6, at the Wesley Foundation. —McFADDEN.
Interfraternity Presidents: A dinner meetmeeting at the Sigmia Alpha Epsilon house
Class in Cooperative^: The class in the cooperative movement will meet at 8:30 p. m. Wednesday, October 6, at the Wesley Foundation. —McFADDEN.
MONTGOMERY WARD & CO
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sitting
Photographers from Dexheimer-Carfon Stydios, Indianapolis, are taking Debris senior pictures in room A Union Building, starting at 8 a. m. each morning of the schedule. Every senior has been scheduled a sitting for a definite time, and will receive a card through the mail telling the exact time of his sitting.
Debris editors state that it is very important that each senior report to room A on time, or that he make arrangements for a convenient time. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular Debris pictures and should be made at the time the picture is taken.
h
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 5 8 00—Christian, J. E. 8:05—Clark, J. R. 8:10—Clark, R. L. 8:15—Claypool, J. W. 8.20—Coates, R. E. ~j 8:25—Coffee, J. F. / 8:30—Coffee, R. J. J 8:35—(Doffiqg, H. 8:40—Comee, L. M. 8:45—Cook, M. C. 8:50—Cooley, R. J. 8:55—Chapin, J. 9:00—Ciboiski, J. 9:05—Clarke, W. B. 9; 10—Carr, Rufhjeanne 9:15—Cason, Audrey 9:20—(Zottingham, D. L. 9;25—Creager, C. E. ^ 9:30—Creek, R. 9:35—Cooley, Mary 9:40—Davis, K. A. 9:45—Dawson, A. W. 9:50—Dean, A. F. 9:55—Chomyak, W. 10:00--Ciral, 1. L. 10:05—Claypole, G. 10:10—ciugston, D. W. 10:15—Clutter, C. E. 10:20—Combs, j. W. 10:25—Consol, j. J. 10:30—Davison, )oyce 10:35—Cutler, G. C. 10:40—Davaney, W. 1. 10.45—Dilts,J.H. 10.50—Dirmeyer, R. O. 10:55—Clark, J. F.
1 1 00—Clifton, C. C. 1 1 .05—Crosby, Jr., H. I 1 :10—Curry, R. W. II :15—Decker, C. E. I 1 .20—Deitch, W. H. II :25—De La Croix, F. E. 11:3a—Dell, G. j. 11 :35—Dewenter, J. C. 11 :40—Dexter, R. 11 :45—Dickinson, T. 11 :50—Diehl, L. 1 1 :55—Dix, G. J. 1 :00—Collier, R. S. 1 :05—Cotton, J. H. 1:10—Crall, J. M. 1:15—Crane, P. H. 1 :20—Cruse, V. V. H. 1:25—Davis, P. W. 1 :30—DeReamer, C. Russell 1:35—Dinins, J. H. 1:40—Dinins, P. G. 1 :45—Doyle, M. J. 1 :50—Dudley, R. A. 1 :55—Campbell, Jean 2:00—Clark, J. V. 2:05—Cohee, A. V. 2:10—Curtner, R. L. 2:15—Crossman, Phyllis 2:20—Douglas, G. R. 2:25—Dulivich, N. C. 2:30—DuVal, E. H. 2:35—Eck, L. G. 2:40—Edgerton, J. P. 2:45—Elliott, C. G 2:50—Eppee, R. W. 2:55—Evans, M. A. 3:00—Cure, W. J. 3:05—Ewing, C. A.
3 • 10—Farrow, V. 3 1 5—Fenstermaker, W. R. 3‘20—Fiscus, C. R. 3:25—Fish, W. C. 3:30—Fishman, L. B. 3.35—Flack, F. H. 3:40—Foltz, P. R. 3:45—Chandler, R. L. 3:50—Coddington, V. W. 3:55—Coe, C. M. 4:00—Coen, R. B. 4:05—Coleman, D. 0. 4:10—Collins, L. D. 4:15—Conron, Jr., T. W. 4:20—Coolman, E. 4:25—Cornetet, F. W. 4:30—Craft, W. S. 4:35—Anderson, E. I. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 6 8:00—Crump, J. M. 8 05—Derra, P.oA. 8.10—Dix, W. H. 8:15—Dixon, C. E. 8:20—Edwards, B. 8:25—Eickmeyer, A. G. 8:30—Evans, J. A. 8 35—Fitts, R. B. 8:40—Firestone, B. 8.45—Flashman, J. D. 8:55—Craig, T. 9:00—Creager, C. E. 9:05—Derner, W. J. 9-10—David, J. K. 9:15—Dean, R. H. 9.20—Decker, P. H. 9.25—Doan, J T. 9.30—Dorsey, J. R.
9:35—Ebbeler, D. H. 9.40—Elliott, R. H. 9.45—Plater, M. E. 9:50—Fleghner, J. W. 9:55—Deckert, J. N. 10:00—Detrich, R. 10.05—Devore, G. 10:1 0—De Vries, W. 10:15—Ford, H. B. 10:20—Francis, E. M. 10:25—Frost, R. E. 10:30—Frush, D. W. 10:35—Fuller, R. 10:40—Fulmer, J. D. 10:45—Galliers, M. W. 10:50—Feldman, W. 10:55—Dali, j. A. I 1 :00—Dickstein, J. J. 11:05—Du Bois, R. E. 11:10—Duf fey 11:15—Duncan, R. F. II :20—Fairbanks, S. G. I 1 :25—Fanning, F. V. 11:30—Farquharson, W. H. II :35—Farr, F. 11 :40—Field, L. M. 11 :45—Fisher, F. H. I I :50—Forkner, B. L. 1 1 .55—Foster, S. H. 1 1 .00—Fowler, A. R. 1:05—Fatout, R. H. I : 1 0—Fontaine, W. E 1 :15—Frantz, D E. 1 :20—Fruin, J. L. I :25—Gantz, J. D. 1 "30—Fenton, Gwendolyn 1 :35—George, Pauline 1 :40—Gibbs, Barbara
1 .45—Glunt, Ruth 1 :50—Gregory, Winifred 1:55—Haltom, Martha 2.00—Hamilton, Margaret 2.05—Frangos, P. T. 2:10—Garrison, R. C. 2:1 5—Gaylord, J. E. 2:20—Gehrke, E. 2:25—(aeorge, P. J. 2:30—Getts, H. L. 2:35—Gerpheide, B. A. 2-40—Gibson, D. I. 2:45—Gilbert, R. N, 2.50—Ginn, W. E. 2:55—Glenn, J. K. 3:00—Glos, R, E. 3:05—Gobble, J. L. 3:10—Goff, G. S. 3:1 5—Gossard, N. C. 3.20—Grannon, C. S. 3:25—Greery, (a. W. 3:30—Gregg, L. E. 3:35—Gregory, M. L. 3:40—Griffin, J. J. 3:45—(3rove, C. C. 3:50—Guthrie, G. R. 3:55—Hurley, E. P. 4:00—Forbes, H. B. 4 05—Foust, L. E. 4:10—Foxworthy, G. C. 4:15—Frazier, J. N. 4:20—French, I. V. 4'25—Fuener, T. M. 4:30—Fulwider, J. A. 4’35—Gamier, R. C. 4:40—Gacten, W. F. 4:45—Gaston, I. 4 50—Giles, W. S