V i
\ >
A - ,
EMT RAISES $64 Question i 1 Facing Students
Eniablikhed 1»89
Ruin Tiif Ruhr
Volume 54, No. 38
Ato, jici mMi Push To Semi-Finals In Softbell Playoffs
West Lafayetfe, rndiana
Wi^htfvhr. *»8«» 9. mz
Outdoor Mixer Marks
<1- f
Union Offers Cotnps To Lucky Couples, Promises Borax For Smooth Dancing Combining the cabaret style mixer with dancing under the stars, the Student Union will present the music of Irv Given and his orchestra at a second outdoor mixer to bo held on the women’s tennis courts next Saturday evening from 8:30 to 11:30. This will be the final Union dance for Irv Given and his orchestra as Irv is graduating (BSEE) and many of his musicians are leaving school to enter the armed forces of the
nation.
A reserved seat ticket to the Purdue-Fordham football game and four comps for future mix- —
ers will be awarded as prizes in the novel game which combines shuffleboard with horseslioes that will be played at the mixer. Each couple will be given six discs to throw at the shuffleboprd target. The scoies will be kept the same as for regular
shuffleboaid.
The mixers have been moved to foimerly of the Hawaii Department the outdoois mostly for the purpose the U. S. Army, spoke to some of keeping the danceis coolei than 'i’O new and old members of the possible in the balliooms. It is Scabbaid and Blade last night in usually 10 to 20 degrees cooler on the West Faculty Lounge of the the couits than in the ballrooms Union. The occasion was the first during the summer. annual summer initiation banquet The Student Union has also an- ever held for new members of the
Scabbard And Blade Banquet Features
Lt. Col. H. W. Kinnard
Lt. Colonel H. W. 0. Kinnard,
Scabbaid and Blade. Talks On Pearl Harbor Talking on the conditions and prepaiation leading up to the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor, Col. Kinnard said that the hunting wasn’t bad as far as the Jap air force was concerned. He further stated that although some damage was done the base as an effective defensive post was not gieatly impaired. “When given responsibility accept it and act intelligently upon Since the dance will be cabaiet A,” was his advice to the future style, refreshments will be served officers. He also said that the motto for the usual prices at tables located of the United States Militaiy Acadaround the court. Admission price emy, Duty, Honor, Country, should for the three hour dance will be the be accepted as the individual motto regular $1.10 with the tickets being of every young American of milisold only at the University Street tuiy age.
nounced that the tennis courts will be treated with powdered Borax in ordei to make them more smooth for dancing. In case of rain the mixei will be held in the north ballroom of the Union. South Side Backdrop The backdrop for the dance will be centered on the south side of the “courts instead of the northeast corner. The backdrop will consist of a large red, orange and yellow semicircle contrasted with gieen foliage on the circumference.
entrance.
Methodist Students To Hold Conference
Col. Beere Speaks
R. W. Deuster acted as toastmastei, introducing M. R. Spencer, G. R. Woltei, and Colonel D. M. Beere, head of the University Military department. Col. Beeie explained the urgent need for moie enlistments in the Aimy Enlisted
Reseive.
Methodist college students fiom campuses in this vicinity will hold a Methodist Youth Conference a't Battle Ground this week end with
the Univeisity Wesley Foundation Cf ZoUaVeS
in charge of activities.
Cars will leave the Methodist ... exhibition di ill team, are holdchurch between 4 and 5 o’clock Fii- jng their summer term picnic today afternoon. For the benefit of day. It is being held at Mulberiy those who have Saturday classes, a and cars will leave the aimory at special return trip will be made Fii- 4 p. m. Refieshments will be served day night, and anothei trip out Sat- after a baseball game between the urday noon. All students are wel- actives and pledges and swimming, come. Those who aie inteiested All old members of the Order and should sign up soon on the bulletin officeis of the military department boaid at the Foundation. are invited.
UnitM i, m
1 I
AS
Only T^o Years Qt College Prof. H. L. Solberg, head of the ME school, learned recently that United Air Lines is expahding o]peyations in the war effort to “extend over-water ' operation,’^ 'and needs men with engineering'educations as navigators. Solberg received notice that the company Will send a representative to the campus doon to "see about recruiting men for this service. United Air Lines will accept men with as little as two years of engineering educHion. Tentative plans aie to send .these men to a navigation school with a salary of $160 a month while training. Salaries Increase After their schooling is finished the men will be put on planes as apprentice navigators at $200 a month, and later advanced to $250 when they become competent navigators. The need foi men in this type of work IS grave, since the air transport command of the army is assigning large numbeis of heavy transpoit planes to United Aii Lines and other commercial air transport companies. * Under Army Supervision The planes will be operated under the supervision of the aimy, and men entering the progiam will presumably be engaged in the tianspoit of army peisonnel and equipment. United Air Lines officials have indicated that men entering this piogiam will be contributing dilectly to the war effort, and therefore will be handled accordingly with respect to Selective Service. Screen Review Offers Varied Program Tomorrow Screen Review, weekly movie convo, will present the following program tomorrow afternoon in the Music Hall: “News of the Day” at 3 and 4:27; “Men in Washington” from the “March of Time” at 3:09 and 4:36; a “Sportlight” feature, “Sun Fun,” at 3:29 and 4:56; “Information Please,” Starring Anna Ncagle, at 3:39 and 5:06; “Minstrel Days” from “Broadway Bevities,” at 3:49 and 5:16; “Man for the Fleet,” the adventures of a newsreel cameraman, at 4:09 and 5:36; and the cartoon “Officer Pooch” at 4:19 and 6:46. Passports are absolutely necessary and no one will be admitted without this means of identification.
orown Td Play Fdrti
Jan Peerce
Next . I. y J i> 5 t .Fpr Students ‘ 'BefoTe'‘playing the Cary Hall Sunlrtier' Forhial’ August 14 in the Union BallroumS) Les Brown will be featured at a special convocation for the sailors in the Music Hall beginning at 7 p. m, ^ Though th® convo is being given^in honor of sailors living in Cary Hall, the program is open to students and faculty. Les Brown and his orchestra will ^ivo a
Former MidIM Appear In Musk Ffm Wtday Eyeping
By tails llurpliy’^^- >7
After starting out Ms a violip player-in his crvfA'jazsBr band,
Jan Peerce, whb will appear Ictiie Music Hall nejtt Friday at 7:80 p, m., worked up to-alw^H known opera, concert, and
Lt. Commander Herbert M. Hart, rgjjjQ tenor. His conceft, whiCh'» was originally, scheduled for So'^rSlectricH) UnTver^ was postponed one week 30 that he could sing in the
sity, announced yesterday that two Philadelphia Dell.
Two Naval Officers To Refiorl For Doty h Training School
additioiial officers have been assigned to the school. Lt. Olav Johnson, USNR, D-V(S), of New Yoi'k City, will be First Lt. and Security Officel, in charge of maintenance, guards, and fire protection for the “ship.” He will also be Watch and Division Officer for the third company of sailors, who stait class work at the University tomoirow. Lt. Johnson, a graduate of New York University, has been a member of the Naval Reseive for
ten years.
New Recreation Officer
i-i, is '4
Peerce began his violin leShbhs while sfill in grade school and used his musical knowledge almost at emee to organize his
Own jazz band. Later while he was working in a dmice band •he did some of Jhe singing, dnd the late “Roxy”*^othafeI happened to hear him. Rothafel sent a card to Peerce ask^ihg the singer to come to his office the following day. When he reported to Rothafel Peerce was offered a contract to sing in the Radio City Music Hall. He has been
Sttident Senate
Will Hold Fresfiinan
Eledions This Fall
Les Brown
Union To Sponsor Orchestra Sunday Afternoon
University Orchestra in concert formation on the Music 'Hall stage
Next Sunday afternoon at 4 p. m., the University orchestia, conducted by Joseph M. Ragains, will present a piogram of conceit music in the Noith Ballioom of the Union budding. The program will bo sponsoied by the Union Music Room Committee. The University orchestia this summei has in its membeiship thiity-fivc musicians. Twenty-five of these are members who were in the orchestra last wintei, and ten arc new. Although the summer group numbers little moie than half the usual winter orchestia, the in•strqmentation and balance have not .shlfored. Superior Oreliestration There are twelve in the violin sec-
tion and the ability and technique of these aie, as a whole, accoiding to Ragains, much superior to any in orchestias of the past here at the University. The reed, brass, and percussion sections aie complete, although much smaller. The new concertmaster is Kenneth Roquemore, a Chemical Ehgineering student fiom Maywood, Illinois. Kenneth has been in the oichestia for the past two years and, before coming heic, was a student of Sametini of the Chicago Musical College. The present manager, Don Frier, also of the School of Chemical Engineering, is from West Lafayette, and first tuimpet ill the oiganization. Hubei t Forbes,
from Kendallvdle, Indiana, is librarian and a member of the flute
section. ' •>
Reception After Concert Immediately folloWing the conceit, a reception will be held in the West Faculty Lounge. Faculty, students and townspeople are invited. The program is as follows: OVeiture, Die Pledcrifiaus Strauss Minuetto, L’ANe-Sienne Suite Bizet Morris Dance, Toich Dance Henry VIII German Maiimba Solos, Selected
Barbara Heide
Triumphal March, Siguid Jorsalfar ' ' Gtieg Oveiture, Rosamunde Schubert Patiiotic Fantasia . Reibold
vaiiety of skits, novelty numbeis and pieces which he has made pop-
ular.
Three Vocalists Bi own’s band features the vocals of Jack Carroll, 18-yeai-old Betty Bonney, and the novelties of “Butch” Stone, and with the other band members they have appeared at such popular dance spots as the Blackhawk and Mike Todd’s in^, Chicago, and the Brunswick Hotel in
Boston.
A graduate of Duke University in
1936, Blown and his orchestra have not always enjoyed the popularity recently shown by a countiywide ladio poll which voted him to be one of the top ten bands of the nation. It was less than two years ago that Blown was ready to give up all ideas of evei becoming a maestio. Two record companies said they couldn’t give away his plat-
(See LES BROWN, page 4) Math Department To Offer Course In Spherical Trig With many University students
already in the Naval or Air Corps Reserve, and with many more planning to enter one of those branches after graduation, the mathematics department has ann^nced a course in spheiical trigonometry, which is
scheduled to start next fall. Two hours credit wifi be given
for the course which will be named “Spheiical Tiigonometiy With Applications to Navigation.” Math 8, as it will be numbered in the catalog, will include the usual theorems and propositions, and in addition problems in latitude, longitude,
gieat circle navigation, etc. Credit For High School Trig Freshmen entering the Univer-
sity next fall who have satisfactory credit in High School trigonometry will be permitted to substitute Math 8 foi the usual course in trigonometiy offered the first semester. Any other student on campus having credit for an acceptable course 111 plane trigonometry will be per-
mitted to elect the couise. Although the couise is not at
present required for men in the Enlisted ReseiVe, it is desirable material, according to Prof. Ayres, head of the Math department, especially for Naval and Air Corps men. Navigation does n6t require a complete knowledge of spherical trigonometry, but with the background of such a couise, the principles and formulas of the art of navigation aie much more easily understood.
Plan.s at present call for five sep-
arate classes, with Prof. Doan in charge. Prof. Doan has been teaching spherical tiig to the Civil Engineering students at Camp Ross eqch summer. The other instructors will be Profs. Hadley, Graves, and Lit-
tle, and Mr. Holton.
Because of the scarcity of fresh-
„ . mUn students in several of the
Ensign Leon Someis, USNR. D-V schools of the University, the StU- working in Radio City since 1934. (SV from Boston, Mass., will be the ^ent Senate recently decided to Great Versatility new Welfare and Recreation Officer, nnstnone the Green Potters elec- Peerce has sung in every concert succeeding Ensign Stahley Whitte- semester. ^all of any importance in this counmore, USNR, who has been ap- try from Carnegie Hall to the Holpolnted Ship's Service Officer. _ ^as been set for the elec- jywooj Bbwl. He has been soloist Ensign Somers, a Harvard Uni- tion, but v^hen it is held, both first Togcanini twice ahd has taken veisity graduate, will be in charge second semester freshmen will tenor part in EaUhraaninoff’s
- ■ ■ be eligible to vote and hold office.
Although the Senate is on a war basis of elections every semester, the small number of frosh prompted
of athletics, recreation, public relations, and enter tainment. He will also be the Watch and Division Offi-
cer of the shcond company.
Both Lt. Johnson and Ensign decision.
Somers were assigned to the Naval While no definite date has been Training School (Indoctiination) at set for the elections of Senate memNotie Dame University before re- hers next sernhster, an approximate
porting for duty hero.
Acacia Announces Initiates, Pledges
its constitution for the preseht
Acacia social fraternity an- semester. Present office holders are nounces the initiation of the follow- eligible for reelection in the fall,
mg: Van O. Darrow, Honolulu, T. H.; John D. Flexon, Alton, Illinois; Richard Tucker, Indianapolis; Robert G. Young, Vincennes; Anders S. Platou, Toledo, Ohio; Harold R.
Berry, Elwood.
The following were recently pledged: Roy R. Beyer, South Bend; Paul T. Hompsher, Kendallville; William G. Gommel, Indianapolis;
“The Bells” three times. However, his career has not been lacking in variety and he can deliver anything from Cole Partner’s “Ni^t and Day” to Richard Wagner’s
“Tristan and Isolde”.
Peerce had to develop this versatility to fit the demand on such
date has been set as October 1. weekly programs as Chevrolet, Gulf These elections were to have been Qjj^ Chase and . Sanborn, Lucky held this semester also, but lack of gttike, the Ford Hour, and the Mur sUffidlent number in the Home Ec, Hall of the air where he sings Science, and Agriculture freshman ^ different operatic role each week,
classes caused the Senate to change His Hobby
Former University Men End Advanced Air Corps Training Nine former University students
With his time divided between coheert, radio, and opera, Peerce is probably the busiest tenor in the country. He has h'ttle time for golf, doesn't save stamps, and doesn't know an over-exposed film from a swan dive, copsequently he must consider his work his hobby. Peerce is on tour with concert and dpera five months out of the year, has many engagements on
and graduates recently finished featured radio programs, and does
Frank S. Alexander, W. Lafayette; g^jvanced Air Corps training weekly programs at the R»dio City
Jake Coyner, Colfax; George M.
Gulf Coast Air Force Hall. Any spare time thai
LaPoite; Lame Bookwaltei, Coal City; Robert Dettmar, Louisville,
Kentucky.
Still Critical:
Late Hospital Report According to reports from the Home Hospital, the condition of David Ross, president of the board
study of foreign languages. Admission to his concert, here at
the University Music Hall will be by passport, acasbn ticket, or single admission ticket at one dollar plus tax. The doors of the Music
Hall will open at 6:46 p. m.
... *38, has been appointed to take
Palmer, Lafayette^ Jim R. Cochran, Centers and received the ke has^is usually devoted to the
After twenty-seven weeks of thorough, intensive flight training
n f. Gulf Coast Training Center, (\OSS Jill I critical, which includes the center one-thirii
of the United States, the following men were commissioned officers in
the Air Corps: Lt. Harry Deutman, . ‘ , *%' • St. Louis, Mo.; Lt. William harp- LQCI|S€
stei. Star City, Indiana; Lt. Robert Maggart, Gary; Lt. Fred Metzer,
of trustees, remains about the same Mishawaka; Lt. Charles Miller, Oak officers’ training in the Women's today. Park, Illinois; Lt. Brazil Oliveria, Army Auxiliary Corps ancLhas reRoss has been ill for several Lawreneeville, Illinois; Ut. Robert ported at Fort Pes Moines, la. She weeks, and was removed to the hos- Perkins, Crawfoidsville; Lt. Frank wds'appointed fiom the New York pital moie than a week ago, when Schlecher, .Belleville, New Jersey; arfea where she has been recently his condition became highly crit- and Lt. Arthur Sprowl, Indianap- employed as fbod chemist for the ical. oils. ' Corn Products Refining Company. I. . y;- A ^ ' Lafayette Civil Air P^tBI Pinki^ates In Statewide Practiici liiNeivei’S
By Bob Frey man
In participating in the statewide mobilization and maneuvers, members of the Lafayette Civil Air Patrol squadron traveled thousands of miles in the air and on the ground duiing the past week-end. All units of the Indiana CAP weie on the alert from 8 p. m. Friday until each had received their instructions for paiticipation in the simulated emergency. The Lafayette squadron, 524-1, remained faithfully on the* alert until orders came through on Saturday noon.
Three Flights Leave
Within the hour a squadron consisting of three flights of three planes each left the field carrying their total of 19 pilots and observers and headed for Bendix Field, South Bend, which had been designated as tjieir immediate base. All three flights adhered strictly to schedule, each arriving at the airport at the
predetei mined time.
1 1 II II ■ I I. I Oh arriving at Be’ndfx Field, th§ b6st Vo s’ome'60 airchhft arriving on
squadron was ordered to Fort SaiurJay from bth’er CAP hnits, Wayne where they spent the night, and 70 planes arrived Sunday inMeanwhile the ground crew at the eluding members of the state wing University airpoit was notified to staff of Indianapolis under the di-
proceed to Foit Wajrnfe by motor reCtion* of Walfeei* Wihslow. convoy. The convoy consisted of a VaWety 'Of Cities Represented
completely equipped first aW oar, The ‘mehibers of the st^padron remobile radio transmitters and re- mainiUg itt the University field receivers, five passenifeer ckrs, ahd serviced ships from two trucks carrying a total comple- Sodth iBefid,’ Mishawaka, Elkhart ment of 22 pe’rs^ons. and Michigan City which were orFort Wayne Maneuvers dered to usfe the University port as
Ifpon the arrival o^' thd’’ihotbr tfieir imihedfate base. These opera-
convoy, an all night gfUai'd khd'niif- tidies' weW'hh&er the direction of
itary organizatipn v?ds established. Rob^ Mbhlwbn. '
The following day maneuvers wore 'Tlte aircraft ’ Squadron, directed staged out of Forf Wayne with the by Djl-. E'.'ti. Kelfy, of the ITpjpferaity spotting of grounded planes, a department of Educatioon and Apmaneuver quite similar to that used plied Psychology, retiwned to the by CAP patrols alonlg ocean 'coasts tflblversity uirport Sunday evening, in spotting submarines. Later Sdn.i 'f^eyg'round^crew, Jameif Erichsen day evening the air bnd 'gfround In'Charge, the Cross car^'db' coiTS returned to thqUAlveraity. 'rq^ed "by R. ’B;’'ZUTnstein, aitd^the
While the home squadron was I'idfo ehr, opordted by L. 0. BeBey, away, the University airport played returned later Sunday night.
wmmExponeni Editorial rage
f?ir ^ V. ^n
Rl'
WMi 95B^B9
/ Vi'" Purdue Exponent
O^iCes:' editorial and Butineit, Purduo Memorial UnioQ, Phono 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Edilnr-in-Chlcf News Editor Mnn^trintr Editor Sports Editor MUsincs** Manaffcr Circulntion Mannjrcr Coed Editor
John F. Amoi Don T. Brophy John R. Armatronff Robert L. Hadley William D. Millard Ken K. Gjemre Alice Chaiaeld
Publication Staff
Associate Editors Editorial Staff; R W. Bos^s inkle, D. E. Butz, W G. Hoskins, A r llunUr, P W. Ochilttee, W. E. Rafert. Sports. Staff: P E Brewer, J. S. Davrson, E L. Karpick. Coed Staff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer.
Business Staff
Coed Business Manager: Julia Martin. Advertising Managers: J M. Wright, D. L. Johnson. Circulation Manager: G H. Klouman. Accounts Manager: Tiena Torrenga • Junior ( oed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
Staff For Thit Issue
Nirht Editor: Hunter Issue Editor: Kimball
Sports Editor: Dawson
Da> Editor: Hass
Reporters: Murphy, Rollins, Ffewcett, Freyman, Abbett, Miikr Hudson.
Entered second class matter at the post office in Lafayotii. Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at iho ‘'PLCial rate of postage provided for in section 1103,. •let nf Ocloiicr 3 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Wcdnibdnv Friday and Sunday mornings during the summn Mmibttr and daily except Monday during the fall and \MnUr btmesters. Delivered locally by carrier for $126 for Nummtr SfUimter, mailed subscription $1 60 Ri.prcbentcd for national advertising by National Advertisinr- Sir\ice, Inc, College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madi'^on Ave , New Yoik, N Y.
The $64 Question
I A single minesweeper contains enough lumber to build 20 average civilian homes and an average chair repicsents the wood needed for an army bunk.
There are 80 shots at the enemy in a set of brass curtain fixtures, the metal they contain would produce that many cartridges for a soldier’s rifle.
The largest single plant in the War Production Drive is the Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Co., employing 27,000 men; the smallest is tha Armstrong Manufacturing Co. plant at Portland, Pregon, which employs 19.
For those who long for the sesjshore or, the lakes, a pipk fccashell for the djossing taWe may bring some consolation. Besides being ornamental the gadget 18 highly utilitarian, for between the shells will bd found lipstick with rouge to match.
The'Summer Ratio.
8.44
to 1
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Uclity
Personnel Notes
Uhiversity Will
What’s happening to th6 old campus, anyway? No dirt! No dirt! No dirt! The dark, dank stuflf is kept at such a quiet roar that even the "SNOOPER DOOPER” can’t hear it! Let loose, guys and galz— let’s have some funny stuff!
POME FOR THE DAY: Mary had an Elgin watch She swallowed it It’s gone! Now every time that Mary walks, TIME MARCHES ON.
Mary took some Exlax The beginning of the day Not because she liked it. But to pass the time away.
WHO IS THE NEXT TO TRY TO MELT THE ICEBERG? Kappa “Smooch Lips” Luber still maintains the all-campus award for “The-most-Hkely-to-be-an-old-maid” honors. Her prpof of frigidness is with Wabby Wablooski (too lazy to look up his name in the directory) who tried to kiss her for thirteen years. Proof otherwize: Hossy Hosselman and Hal Shornstein— shall we say any more ?
WHAT’S A GRUDGE? Ask any of these ex-pin girls around. But we know of a grudge as a place where they keep autos.
: Sometimes we get just as confused about our draft status as you do. Last Friday morning after the convocation which Dr. Elliott adressed we were as confused as we ever hope to be concerning the front—home or battle— which would need our services the most when we leave the University this Christmas. Undoubtedly you, too, felt yourself being jolted around in the same swinging door as we did. Then came Sunday morning; you pielted up your Exponent and there on the front page you read a news story of the President's speech of Friday in the right hand column, and over across the page in the left hand column Mr. Hershey lists essential war activities that college graduates should enter. ' We have not found any new methods of confusing our readers. We merely were requested by the President’s office to print this latest adjunct the memorandum on the List of Essential Activities as released by the National Headquarters of the Selective Servi(;e System. This we did. The apparent conflict of opinions in no way indicates that the men in Washington are not sure of how to allocate trained men and essential materials. It must be remembered that Dr. Elliott is a member of the War Manpower Board. In making the statement that all able minded and able bodied male students will be trained and directed for the armed services, the President, it seems, was adopting the longtime view on the war, in which case trained men eventually would be pulled out of industry for the armed services anyway. On the other hand, the Selective Service Board probably will continue to offer deferments to trained men in industry as long as the need for them in the armed forces does not outstrip the needs of industry. At the present time a college graduate still has the choice of getting a job in a wartime industry or signing up with one of branches of the service. An undergraduate student still has the choice of signing or not signing with the Enlisted Keserve. How long these conditions will prevail is a question that very few men in the government would venture to answer. The things that will determine the preservation of the “status quo” are the outcome of the Battle of Russia, the Battles of Au.stralia, India, China, Egypt, and even the Approaching Battle of Western Europe. What will be the outcome of these battles ? .We can only hope for victory. What will be the attitude of my Selective Service Board six months from now? Not even the Board itself will venture to answer. But, the big question that keeps popping up in the minds of most ,college .students is “Shall I join the Enlisted iReserves, or the armed forces upon graduating, or shall I find a position in an essential indu.stry?” The answer to this question, at least for the present time, is still up to the fTudent himself. No one can answer it for him.—d.t.b.
What about this Bonnie Robbins—George Duncan— Dick Renn affair? If Bonnie took a pin within the next few days no one would know whose it was: Duncan’s or Renn’s. At any rate it would probably be a Phi Psi pin.
Offer Extension; Plan Witli IXJI
Philco Radio & Television Corp., 'Philfadelphia, Pennlylvama—Coming Wednesday, August 6. Interested in August EE, ME, and Physicists. Sign in Personnel Office before
10 a. m., Wednesday, August 6. Courses Will Give | United States Rubber Company, Freshmen Credits Mishawaka, Ind.^Coming Thurs- Purdue-Indiaha
Cooperative Plan, high school grad-
ME, ChE, Sci, PSE. Also August living near Indiana University wonien graduates. Sign in Person- 3,hools may take courses nel Office before 3 p. m., Wednesday, i 4. „ . e > J > there equivalent to one year s credit ' , towards their degree at this Uni-
versity. The plan is open to all stu-
iminediately.
eport new U. S. Merchant Marine Company, Louis- , . , _ ville, Kentucky—Interested in MetKxr ootrinry ‘ahYr nf hn Pan .‘Sink , -m.. _.i o:
United Air Lines» Chicago Illinois . ^ , . . i. xi, a ^ . T X X J • X dents planning to enter the Agn—Coming soon. Interested in stu- tt a 1 'xi, i-y A J? in • 4 culture, Engineering, Science, Homd dents with 2-4 years of Engineer- „ • x- ni. • i • „ T • 4. n 1 Economics, Education, Physical Eding Training. Inquire at Personnel iT i u rnK„ m ■^4. 4. J ucation or Phartnacy schools here Office if interested. , i 4.
at the University and are unable to
Ball Brothers Company, Muncie, Lafayette for their fir6t Indiana-Interested in August or ^^^^.ses. December Science students. Sign in University As Sophomores Personnel Office by Friday, August students carrying the special firSt
year engineering curriculum will be
Pennsylvania Railroad, Chicago, able to enter the University With Illinois—Coming soon. Interested sophomore standing and will be alin December CE and EE. Sign in lowed exemptions or shbstitutions Personnel Office by Saturday, Aug- for first year military training,
engineering lectures and personal
The Parker Appliance Company, Jiving. Since facilites for shop and Cleveland, Ohio — Interested in surveying courses will not be availAugust and December Mechanical able through extension classes, thSy Engineers. Sign in Personnel Office will be taken as campus courses
after the students enter the Unl-
“Hon. spy send great news—r
so flimsy everybody make joke by saying sliy of lip can sink jiHorgicai Engineers. Sign in Per-
ship’.
HERE IS THE DIRT PRIZE OF THE WEEK; Don “Tiger” Elfin was prohibited from presiding over the Delt House meeting Monday night when he couldn’t present his jeweled president’s pin upon request. Here is the complete story. He says, “She stole it!” She says, “He gave it to me when we were ...” Bill Speith, innocent bystander, says, “She wrapped her arms around him, and he grabbed for his pin, but he was too late!” Later Paul Ullmann, driver, said,^“We stopped the car but couldn’t find iC on her any place.” Naughty girl is Pi Phi Gloria Bell. Which reminds us of the campaign she and room mate Maria Keene are on: Girls after pins—no matter how they are acquired, they are going to get pins! One would think the Pi Phis are smoother gills than to have to get pins in the manner just described.
University Calendar Wednesday, August 5
sonncl Office by Wednesday, August
5.
Berkey and Gay Furniture Coni- and
members of the Univeisity statt an,q
versity. Extension students will be given extra credit hours in English to give them a full load. f Courses at the extension in Engineering Drawing and Descriptive Geometry will be taufeht by regular
pany, Grand Rapids, Michigan-,r-
8:00 A.M. 4:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:16 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
Natl. Poul. Flock Selection School Purdue Ordci of Zouaves—Picnic First Aid Meeting Christian Fellowship Meeting Philatelic Club Scabbard & Blade Meeting Marriage Course Purdue Forestiy Club
Poultry Buildings
Room 305, Union Room 307, Union Room 212, Union Room 303, Union Rooms Rbom 225, Hort’. Bldg.
terested in seniors and undergraduates in Aero E. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, August 6. Owens-Illinois Glass Company, Streator, Illinois — Interested in August and December Chemical Engineers. Sign in Personnel Office at
once.
Thursday, August 6
Dr. Bowman Writes Labpr Relations Book
other classes will have regular Indiana Extension instructors. Credits obtained in extension courses undeir this plan will be accepted by the University in the curricula to which they apply, if the student satisfies the entrance requirements at the time he transfers to the University and if his grades are higher than the lowest passing grade given in extension classes. ' Enroll At Extension Centers Enrollment and payment of fees are made at the office of the In-
WHERE DOES CIBI TAKE HER DATES? Cibi Blade of the WRH clan has plenty of dates, but where do they go on them, no one knows—or do they ?
8:00 A.M. 2:00 P.M. 3:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M.
Natl. Poul. Flock Selection School Federal Land Bank Meeting Screen Review Pi Tau Sigma Banquet
Poultry Buildings Room 363, Union Hall of Music Lincoln Lodge
HOUR EXAM Honor: “How far are you from the answer to the 4th question?” System: “About two seats!”
WHAT ABOUT THIS ONE? It doesn’t have to be dark for the South Hall (WRH) lawn to be popular and in use! Somebody ought to put up a sign stating “No Admittance” or “Keep Off the Lawn,” not to keep those people from enjoying the favorite pasttime, but to keep others from being bothered. Freshman Pat Patrick and date still lead the many couples in the rush for the lawn. We want to know: How do the University gardeners keep the chiggers out.
Civil Service Commission Lists Positions
Airport To Train Thirty Army, Navy Air Pilots
diana University Extension Centeb
“Public Control of Labor Rela- in the localities where the classe? is the title of a book written are offered. The extension center*
in Indiana are located in Indianapolis, East Chicago, Hammond, South Bend and Port Wayne. High school graduates interested in the courses should apply to their nearest Indiana University Extertsion Center or to the^’pngfineering Extension Department of the Uni-
versity.
Government Needs Clerks, Technical Men
’S ’NUTHER POME: A gal may sing A gal may dance A gal may play “crockay.” But she can’t strike a match On the seat of her pants, She just ain’t built that way.
Cadet Bernhard M. Callender
. . . former University student, of Indianapolis, Indiana, was recently commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the Army Air Force at Turner Field, Albany, Georgia.
First Lt. Robert S. Harper
... is now commander of Battery “B”, Sixth Battalion, Second Regiment, field artillery replacement center at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. Lieut. Harper has been stationed at Fort Bragg for the past eighteen months, and has been battery executive in the Fifth Battalion foi six months.
Lt*. Dane Winton Harlan
. . . foimer University student, is one of a group of new flight officers to ieport to the new aimy aii force basic flying school at Bainbiidge, Georgia. While attending the Univeisity Lt. Hailan leceived two years’ basic training in the ROTC. In the past, he devoted much of his limd^ to athletics, receiving awards in high school basketball, football, and baseball. His piesent rank is that of squadron commander.
Major Claude L. Prichard . . . University graduate, is post adjutant at Lubbock Army Flying School, Lubbock, Tex. Major Prichaid works diiectly with the executive officer in handling all woik. He also issues oiders and handles official coriespondence and has the responsibility of keeping official records. He entered the Army August 28, 1941, and was assigned to Brook’s Field, Texas, after reporting to Randolph Field, Texas. Prichard was a member of Scabbard and Blade and the Puidue Oidei of Military Meiit.
Sergf. James Robert Wheeler
, former University student, has been promoted to the rank of sergeant, and is head buglei of the 113th Observation Squadron which has been .stationed at Hattiesburg, Miss., and is now on maneuvers at
Stinson Field, San Antonio, Tex.
Applications will be accepted until August 27 for Civil SerVicc positions as junior professional assistants in the fields of public administration, business administration, economics, library science, statistics, and mathematics thiough calculus. Positionfe at $1,800, $1,620, and $1,440 a year may be filled from the list of eligibles by consideration of the names of eligibles who are willing to accept such salaries. Applicants should indicate in their applications the lowest salary they aie willing to accept. Women Service Appointments Eligibles will be considered for positions for which their qualifications appear adequate and appiopriate. Appointments will be known as War Seivicc appointments, which will generally bo for the duration of the war and in no case will extend moie than six months beyond the end of the war. Assistants, under supeivision, will perform piofessional, sub-pro-fessional, technical, semi-technical, or clerical work requiiing specialized knowledge in connection with various governmental activities. College Graduation Required Applicants must have successfully completed all I'equiicunents for giaduation with a dcgiec fiom a college or university of recognized standing; or must be a senior student in a college or university of recognized standing expecting to complete all requirements for graduation with a degiee at the end of the summei session or by September 30. Competitors will be rated on a general test which will bo held at first or second class post offices listed by the United States Civil Service Commission in Soptembei. The test will cover questions designed to test general knowledge and aptitude for learning and adjusting to the duties of the positions on a .scale of 100. No sample questions will be available. Application Cards Necessary Applicants must fill out an application caid, which may be obtained from fir.'it or second class post offices or by wilting to the United States Civil Seivice Commi.s.sion, Washinj<ton, D. C.
Thirty enlisted men from the Navy and Army weic recently assigned to the air pilot training school at the Univeisity airpoit. The purpose of the school is to tiam men ineligible for combat duty to become ferry pilots, civilian instructois, flight officers, glide! pilots, or
liaison officcis.
The thiity students are being trained on a full-time basis, and are
tions
recently by Dr. D. 0. Bowman, Univeibity graduate. The book, subtitled “A Study of the National Labor Relations Boaz’d,” has been
highly praised by critics.
Di. Bowman received his bachelor degree at the Univeisity in 1938, and a short time later his master’s degree. His doctor’s degree was received at the University of Michigan. Dr. Bowman was a member of the University faculty for a short time, later leturning to the Univcisity of Michigan, whcic lie is now on leave to seivc with the Office of Price Administration at its re-
gional office in Chicago.
Alpha Gamma Rho
social fratetnity announces
housed in the Union building where the initiation of the following men:
BUD RODERICK and his orchestra HELD OVER THRU AUGUST 10 by Popular Request
they receive board and lodging during the tiaiiiing period. At the present time the enlisted men are assigned to the reserve corps, and aic receiving training m piimaiy, secondary, cross-coun-try and insiructors’ Civilian Pilot Training work.
Tom Wilkinson, Maiklcvillc; William Kraybill, Montgomciy, West Virginia; and Chailcs Patty, Ham-
let.
(Service Men Admitted at * half price.) *
DANCING EVERY NITE AND SUNDAY AFTERNOON
Cosmo Club To Picnic Saturday Afternoon
Cosnfopolitan Club Picsiclcnt, Fiaiicis Lciu, announced that the club will hold a iiicnic at Ros.s Camp next Saturday. The group will leave the Grant stiect entrance of the Union promptly at 3:00. Games and singing will be the featuie events of the afteinoon, while the evening will be highlighted by a Hawaiian style baibccuc. Mcmbcis are urged to invite their fiicnds
uinivifinii
New Roller Rink, Modern Bath House, Rides/ Amusements, Toboggan Slide Free Adm. Free Parking
LAST TIMES TODAY
UeWd
TOMORROW-FRI.-SAT. Here's the guy who'll steal anything
JANC BRODERICK JACK WYMAN-CRAWFORD‘CARSON
MARS
LAST TIMES TODAY TMZM'S Mm
TOMORROW-FRIDAY
AN APPLE A DAY COULDN’T KEEP THIS DOCTOR AWAY!
!I4<IP5 nd lOHOS t ?Mi IWfiUl|/^
feirm
^ TODAY—— DOUBLE FEATURE WILLIAM POWELL MYRNA LOY in I LOVE YOU AGAIN —Plus— MEN OF SAN QUENTIN with |. ANTHONY HUGHES
STARTS THURSDAY DOUBLE FEATURE TOO MANY WOMEN with NEIL HAMILTON lUNE LANG —Plus— PHANTOM RAIDERS with WALTER PIDGEON
Igjgjjjj'.j ^ '* L^' "v -> - S''
M^fiemay^ .A^ugustS^^^
i^^8Vi}-i:im s-i'vlf'-^i ^ -wi itmrnimimmtmtJiiiit
l^d^pq Sig, Sigma Chi Mee^ In Golf Finals
Imports Commumqueg Fraternity Softball Playoffs Begm; M By Bob Hadley Ain't Tl^C't AA^^t In Cnmi EinsTr
AlUs^ li\ts ivieet In 5eini-rinais
'VFollowing the semi-finals in the interfraternity golf tournament which were played off last week, ohly Kappa Sigma and silfma Chi remained. The Kappa .Sig’s, who had defeated the Ph| Belt’s earlier last week, waited to play the winner of the i’hi Kappa TSu, Sigma Chi match, in which the Sig Chi’s/won. Those two teams, Kappa Sigma and Sigma Chi, have played the first round off last evening
ihd will play the final one Fri-
With the summer on the wane, the nation’s football coaches are again I
beginning to eye the grid material which the Army and Navy have left j
them for use this fall., In another month most of the collegiate teams i
ctnu will pi<*j txic luicxi uiic X XX mm ■ I I ^ay. Kappa Sigma had to win pj |\3ppg AlphS Will
three matches to reach the '
place they now hold down. In Battle Phi Psis For
t|ieir first two meets they tied their opponents, so the matches had tftibe played over, thus they really
took part in five meets. Wlp Three, Tie Two
In winning three of these five
Badminton Crown
will be Well into their* pre-season practice, and candidates aye working Stackhouse Beats
out on their own at most schools, hardening lungs and muscles for Sat- j
urday afternoon service in the next few months.
Most coaches are able to survey the outlay of musclemen without too much wincing, as it has been possible through the Enlisted Reserve and similar systems to assure athletes remaining in school, at least for the present. However, the worry is still there for grid mentors, and descriptions of the qualifications of football material now include a new item along with experience, weight, speed, etc.: proportion of the team which has yet to reach that twjmtieth birthday- ' ‘ - ffy Actually the coaching staffs, in a good many cases"lhav‘o sW<^ted‘mbrfe
Shead In Campus Chipping Tourney
Fraternity softball playoffs opened last night with eight organized teams batt^ling it out for final diamond supremAcjt; All four of the opening games proved to be hard fought and close contests. The dope bucket remained fairly stable as the tourney favorites, the ATO and TKE aggregations, pushed! their way into the semi-finals. fiob Hajzyk, speed-ball hurler, took the mound for the TKE’s, leading his team to a
After the final tabulations of the All-Campus Golf Chipping Tournament held on the practice green at the northwest end of the Intra-
IM Schedules
The following Ward Softball
1 to 0 victory over Sigma Chi. It was Hajzyk’s rugged hurling and previous hard hitting plate performances that ac-
than the playing rosters. A great many schools still haveJBaiJ^'in their * mural Field Monday evening, Bob S^mss wfll be played Wednesday counted for the TKE S _ . , .... . . . . ..A „„ c! A m 1 J! pvpnino'. Anciist n; • „ ^ ,
From an original field of twentyone teams, the Pi Kappa Alphas and
coaching departments to fill before the opening of the fall .term. Most Stackhouse, an SAE who halls from ^aning, August
‘tw ... , (Indianapolis, was declared the win- tliamona
1 Ward 25 vs. Ag. Chem.
final
uaa4.«-<^ vaaw»jw ** t j -
nfeets, they played Phi Kappa twice the Phi Kappa Psis have stroked ip see who would be represented their way to the finals of the Intraih'the first round. They they went mural Badminton Tourney. The Pi upi^ against Sigma Nu twice before KA squad, composed of Jones and they could take part in the quarter- Martin, reached the final round by finals. Finally they defeated the overcPming the SAEs in a semi-
Phl Delts in a single encounter. Phi final encounter..
Delta Theta defeated Theta Xi in The Phi Psis attained their berth tha first yound. in the finals by besting the Sigma , The Kappa Sigma outfit contains Mu aggregation. This latter Wilkins, Nourse, and Anderson. The featured the play of Wigglesother finalists. Sigma Chi, is com- ^"^th and Rider for the Phi Psis. poaed of Hudon,Nihan, and Coombs. The final match is to be played in The Sig Chis took part in but two t^e near future. The exact date and other matches to reach the finals, ^o *ie set by the members of
In*their first game they beat Theta squads. ,,
'ij I , Jn'S ' I'
Eastwood, Duggins
Chi and their second match they Won over Phi Kappa Tau, who had ip turn beat Delta Upsilon.
A;^present Phi Tau
The losing aggregation from the ^hi Kappa Tau was composed of
Prof. F. R. Eastwood, of the Uni-
Eden, Davis, and Berlick. Berlick versity Division of Physical Educawas one of the men entered in the tion for Men, and G. H. Duggins, championship flight of the All-Cam- formerly of the University, are the pus golf tournament but he lost out authors of an article on “Planning in,, this also as he was defeated by Industrial Recreation”, which is feari^irrison. Phi Delts team was made tured in the July issue of “Pei son-
up of Hobbs, Ruck and Wayne.
Notice
, All lockers in the Fieldhouse must be vacated before noon, Aug. 22, if the $1.00 key and towel deposit is to be claimed. —CLEVETT
^ THE MAN OF THE HOUR
He knows how to be popular with the girls because he knows the best places to take them for delicious, tempting MEALS that really hit the spot! Bring your best girl to the PURDUE UNION and dine at one of the three places
Qa^fdahia, ShofL QhaAinuL fioom.
JhsL fiunduJL IfybmsfikdL lAniofL
of the Big Nine schools are troubled very little by loss of mj..„ .
the locker rooms. At Northwestern, more than twpp^^jiird^A bfi’the giid ^^^b a low score total of 74-7. squad is already enlisted in Army or Navy Reserves.^ ^^’4^jpdft^|^ilkers, Eight finalists who had passed the with the loss of Francis Meakim and Swede Anderson, prebajhly have qualifying round last week took been hit as hard as any of the Western Conference poninefitsion.;'' i*^ i'b® uovel event.
A lot of grid fans, coaches and players are going to' mi^ed Up this fall When the teams go on the field in the encounfj^lSd^Berviqe teams which a great many of the colleges and univ^lt^>;«aye^ ih-
‘ ----- com-
Stackhouse, who was rated as one of the finest high school golfers in < the state while at Shoitridge, nosed out Ted Shead for top honois. Shead
i posted a score of 87-8.
Sprague Third
Ward 1 vs. Agronomy.
Ward 4 vs. Dairy. Ward 9 vs. Ward 27. Ward 21 vs. Forestry.
standing of 16 wins and 2 losess in the season’s competition which end-
ed last week.
serted in their schedules. These service squads will bie^ali pletely made up of former luminaries from collegiate>anfi. pro fQ<)t-.
ball.
It is going to be peculiar for the collegiate pigskin-toters to. dtive^into > lu third place was R. E. Sprague a gang of former teammates. The fans are going to won^e:^iV/ho with a score of 97-1. He was fojcheer for, too, if they have gotten the habit of yelling themselv^^qi^rSe' lowed by J. M. Combs with a score the past few years when the men who will be playing agaittfe theiri 109-3. The remainder of the eight
Write On Recreation
alma maters this fall were on the other side. ^| The B’ars of Chicago are sharpening their appetities for August 28, when they meet the collegiate All-Stars. The sharpening process commenced with the opening of practice sessions at St. John’s Military Academy. The All-Stars report for practice in a few days to start the teriffic task of building up a machine of stqrs who, ha^ve . never played together, which can match the speed and'tohllfiicss 'of the Chicago Bears’ juggernaut.
SAEs Beat Sigma Chis Ip Finals Of Paddle Tennis Tournament
Favorites Meet Tomorrow
TKE’s co-partners in the finXl first place deadlock of the summer
. series, the ATOs, sent Sunderland The following Ward Softball mound to take their opened games will be played Thursday eve- ^ith Theta Chi, 2 to 1. The content ning, August 6: j,q walkaway for the favorites 6 Ward 21 vs. Ag. Chem. gg Warren Seaborg, Boilermaker 6 Ward 25 vs. Ward 29. basketballer doing mound-duty for 7 Ward 2 vs. Ward 4. losers, kept the hard-hitting 8 Ward27vs.Agionomy. ATOs fairly well in check.
9 Ward 26 vs. Forestry.
The ATO and TKE aggregations The Inter-Fraternity Swimming meet tomorrow night in the semi-
Meet will be held Thursday, August finals in what promises to be the
13, starting at 7:30. Not more than game of this season,
two (2) men from each fraternity In the lower bracket last night, in any single event except the re- the second place Phi Kappas earned'
given 26 shots fiom a distance of lays. Please have your team at the a berth in the semis, defeating the 50 feet from the cup. All shots were pool promptly at 7:30 p. m. Pool Phi Delts, 6 to 2. Phi Kappa will taken from a cocoa mat instead of balcony will be open to the public, meet Phi Kappa Tau Thursdayt from the turf to insure a more bal- Please see that all members of your night, PKT defeating Sigrma Pi, competition. Each of the team wear trunks. Team trophy and 2 to 0, last night. The Phi Kappa
medals as usual. Fifty points for aggregation is favored to meet the participating, ten for winner and winners of the bloody ATO-TKE tilt <
five for runner-up. in the finals next Tuesday night.
finalists were Shumacker, Bouton,
Clearwater and Khaler.
During the course of the evening’s play each contestant was
nel”, monthly publication of the American Management Association. The article discusses in detail a study completed by Duggins and Prof. Eastwood which was published by the University Division of Physical Education for Men and has been given national distribution. Duggins is now at the University of Washington.
anced competition. Each of finalists took five shots at a time until he had taken his 25 total.
Low Man Wins
After each five shots the balls were measured as to their distance fiom the cup. The (scoring was arranged in such a way that the closer the ball was to the cup the fewer
Sigma Alpha Epsilon emerged the winners in the Inter-fra
ternity paddle tennis tournament, last Monday evening when the points leceived by the contest-
the finals were held in the Fieldhouse. The SAE’s had to de-
feat Sigma Chi to win the crown.
The winning team of Sigma Alpha Epsilon was composed of Dave Rodgers and Bill Fawcett, while the other team in the finals. Sigma Chi, was made up
ant. Obviously the peison with the lowest score (Stackhouse) became
the winnei.
Eight Golfers Remain In All-Campus Golf Tournament In Championship Flight
of A1 Menke and Allen. Dave Rodgers wh6 led the SAE’s to victory, also won the interfraternity tennis singles champion-
ship not long ago. Road To Victory
Among the opponents Sigma’ Al-
Kappa, and the other two which leached the finals. The Sig Chi’s beat the Phi Kappa’s and Sigma Alpha Epsilon won over Beta Theta
Pi in the semi-finals. Compose Beta Outfit
Sophomores Total Nearly Half Of Illinois Squad
CHAMPAIGN, 111., Aug. 1—Sophomores total nearly half of the University of Illinois football squad of 48 which Coach Ray Eliot is ask-
With all of the first round matches played off in the cham-, pionship flight, eight golfers remained to battle for the crown in the all-campus golf tournament. These matches were to be* played off by last Saturday. In these eight matches, Rogers Schutt defeated Mel Taube, ’ Guy Mackey beat Norm Driscoll, Sammy Voinoff knocked over Bill Powers, Bob Stackhouse - defeated Jack Coombs, Jack round and semi-finals are to be
12
Kohler, Dave Lodge, H. T.
^ . Harrison, L. J. Berlick; Don
^ f + J, ^ Hendrickson, Jack Beckett, and Ted
phh Epsilon had to defeat to reach posed of Hall, Hudson, and Farns- ginning Sept. 7. the finals weie Beta Theta Pi, Phi worth. Phi Kappa was made up of There are 22 sophomoies Delta Theta, Delta Upsilon and Tau Sipple and Nemeth. These winners seniors and 14 juniois who are Epsilon Phi. The Sig Chi’s had to in the paddle tennis will be aided asked to appear Sept. 3 or 4 to win over Phi Kappa, Triangle, The- in theii paiticipation points since take physical examinations and
ta Xi and Pi Kappa Phi. the game code ball will not be The four teams which reached the played in intei-fraternity athletics semi-finals weie the Beta’s, Phi this summer. ' '
BUY WAR BONDS
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
Shead, Bob Scranton. Mackey, Voinoff In
Of the eight men left in second I’ound, two of them are University coaches, namely, Mackey and Voinoff. Rogeis Schutte played on the varsity golf team. Bob Stackhouse,
who is considered one of the favor- Thele flights' wei-rchoserby thr^'
Practice will continue with two w^n tLTo?chippi?g';^^^^^^^^^ qualifying scoies. They will run off sessions daily until th^ beginning other member of the second lound, gjjjp ® champion-
check out equipment to be ready for the first practice, Monday morning.
Sept. 7, at 8:30 o’clock. Two Sessions Daily
played off by August 10. The finals' will be played off before August 16.
Good Matches
Two of the tougher matches in the second round should be between * Mackey and Schutt and Voinoff and Stackhouse. The other meets are Kohler and Harrison, and Hendrick-
son and Shead.
The “A” and “B” flights are also composed of sixteen men each.
Identify Ererytbing Vou Own
No boy or girl should go back to school without all clothing and belongings marked with Cash's WOVEN names. They insure positive identification Needed at home too — and in the army, navy or nursing service. Cash's names are WOVEN, not printed, and guaranteed fast colors.
3 dox $1.50 9 dox $2.50
6 dox.. 12 dox..
$2.00 $3.00
Thieme & Wangerin
622-626 Main Street
of instruction Sept. 16. The players Ted Shead finished second in this will take all their meals at the same contest. Kohler and Harrison training table until this time, after ai-e members of engineering school, which there will be one meal, eve- while D. O. Hendrickson is a gradning, daily, provided for them. uate student in engineering. Competition will be open to all The second round is to be played eligibles and other candidates may off by tomorrow. Several matches report with the opening of the Uni- have been played but the results versity. are as yet not available. The third
For Finer and Higher Quality Meats Shop at City Meat and Poultry
Ferry Street (0pp. Post Office)
Phone 5372
LaBree Wins The results of the “A” flight which are in thus far are Larty LaBree over Schumacker; Phil Connolley over Ed Denari; Tom Graham over Weichel; Dutch Fehrin^, Jack R 0 o r d a; Chief Clevett, Sprague; and Joe Inman, Glen Nygren. This flight is composed of four members of the physical education coaching staff. Matches in the first round which are yet to bA played ai’e Hoffman, Stigglemiulj and Burnham, Fleck. In the second round the winner of the Hoffman-Stiggleman will me^t LaBree. Connolly will meet Graham, while Fehring will meet the winner of the Elmer Burnham-Leslie Fleck contest. Clevett will play Inman. So far the results of but two meets have been recorded in the intramural office of the “B” flight. These contests weie between Joe Simons and Dick Worl, and Chuck Keene and Bob Myers, in which Myers and Simons emerged the winners. The results of the other Six matches has not yet been received so it is not known who will play wh6 in the second round.
7
Our Prices Are Frozen^ but Our Quality NEVER!
We are constantly striving to improve our QUALITY, to give our customer the benefit of any improvements.
Crown Laundry
Top of the HiU
A ’7^fit
'p^'i " , Paf^ue
^9
f ^—%.s ^Tj^ X .t' mi nmmy, Angum 5,
Pafil fMibi^ ^i^Ks At Poultty Sanqaei Leaders Convene At University Next three Days, Meetings End Tomorrow Paul Zumbro, senior poultry coordinator of the National Poultry Impiovement Plan, Bureau of Animal Industry, USDA, Washipgton, D C , was the principal speaker at a ban(JUet for poultrymen held last evening in the Home Economics cafeteria The banquet brought'to a close the first day’s sessions of the sixth annual three-day training school for flock selecting and pullorum testing
Ordiiante Inspedion Trainees Accept Jobs
In State Plants
Eleven peisons eiu oiled in oidnance inspection training at the University have been called to ac-
agents, being held on the cam-
pus this week
Zumbro, who was introduced by Dr J Holmes Martin, head of the poultdy department, told of the effect of the wai on life in Washington and discussed the poultiy industiy’s
pait in the wai effort
He stressed the impoitance of dned eggs and told the gioup that
An rnn i j f 1, tive duty two-weeks befole the coiii
over 42,500 cai loads of eggs have , ^ ^
r j j j 4.1, c i pletion of then couise The
been dried dming the fiist six
months of 1942
Contributing To War Effort
“I believe that those of us who ®
are associated with the poultiy in
dustiy can feel that we aie making a real contiibution to the wai effoit,” he said ‘ The poultiy industry
throughout the country has met its , ,
goals so far and Indiana has met Junior inspectoi tiainees They aie
couise The six
women and five men will begin in spection jobs at war pi eduction
Anderson, Muncie and
Richmond
Preliminary Training
The persons who are taking the couise heie at the Univeisity weie hiied through the Civil Service as
Notices
I^psbrviiitos All male students who have not yet completed the twc) years basic military Training reouired for graduation and are now members of the Nava! or Marine Corps Reserve report to the Adjutant s office Purdue Armory for important information relative to your status —RIORDAI^ Registration Workers Students who wi'^h to work for the RegistrTr during the fall term registration Apgu'it 31 September 1 and 2 are requeateci to mgke application at the rogistrai s office Those with previous : experience at registration or in other clen cal jobs are given preference
—STONE
AU Science Seniors All those who plan to graduate m August call at Den Endera office to fill out the necessary blanks
-ENDKRS
SCA House Presidents Copies of the minutes of the July 21 bonrd meeting are available at the SCA box at the wc t de k in the Union —MOGVFRO Interfraternify President a Council Keys are at the fiaternity affairs office Come and get them —SCHWAB Tau Beta Pi Pledges Heio is a list of the actives J H Armstrong R T Ball D D Barta L L Bonham R B Boughan W }C Burnside T H Curry E E Dtiser R W Deuster W J Frantz D A Frost D O Henriksen A W Hubert R I Jenkins W G Koerner R S Kolb C B Leber P J McDonald D W Meier H M Merrill R W Orr A F Piei H J Rud H D Shekels W L Schalliol W S Shock eney R E Sprague R J Taylor H R Velkoff R J Visin R A vonBeliren W C Walker H M Whippo G R Wolter J T Youngblood —YOUNGBLOOD Aeromodelers Meeting Wednesday Au gust 5 7 30 p m in Room 80 Plans for the contest of the eighth will be formu lated Bring anyone interested in entering contest —SMITH Foriper Band Members The Band will purchase used Band uniforms at reasonable prices See Gast or Ross at once for par ticulais —ROSS
Zouaves Picnn August 5 Cars ’ Mujberry qt t p invited
will be held Wednesday ill leave the Armoiy for m All old membeis are
—JACKSON
her share” Zumbio continued In closing Zumbro urged the hatcheiymen and flock owneis to pay particulai attention to the quality of bleeding stock and he stressed the impoitance of efficient use of feed and housing facilities
during these times
Dean Reed Welcomes Group Dean Hariy Reed of the School of Agriculture welcomed the group
to the campus and pi aised the poul , 4. 4. 4, 4.U 4. Edith Hathaway, Indianapolis, try staff for their pait in incieasing t i -nt
^iven twelve weeks of preliminary
tiaining in math, blue piint reading coSIL’^me n’’me'" cl and me ee^wui b"
and sketching, manufacturing processes, machine tool opeiation, in-
spection piactice plus some laboia
toiy woik During then tiaining peiiod, the student enioiled aie paid
at the late of $1,440 a year Those tiapices lepoiting for duty to the Guide Lamp Co in Ander
son are Mildied Gygei, Bedfoid, Haijoiie Ward, West Lafayette,
the siize of the poultij enteipiise
in Indiana
Speakeis appealing on yestei day’s program included DiJH
Martin, L A Wilhelm and Joe International Harvester Co in Rich
Ruth Ogboin, Lafayette, " Nancy Stkck^tedei, Muncie, and Maijoiie
Cue, West Lafayette
R W Denny, Fieetown, went to
mond F M Tayloi, West Lafay ette, and H F Nixon, Kokomo, aie at the Muncie Geai Co W S Viall, Cincinnati, and V E Vick, Lafayette, are at Deice Remy in Andei
son.
Sicer, all of the poultiy depaitment staff and Di Fiank Thoip of the regional poultry leseaich laboia tones of East Lansing, Michigan Resume Of Today’s Program Today’s piogiam will include talks by Scott Hinners, of the poul-
try staff on “Selection for Breed L©S DtOWO
Type in Hatchery Flocks”, Dr Thoip will speak on “Pulloium Control and Testing Proceduies’ , Paul Zumbio will discuss “The National
Poultry Improvement Plan in Ac- to thiow them away
tioi^’, and Joe Sicei of the Poultiy staff will speak on Selection for
Production Qualities ” Ovei 70 hatchery and
Kivtn on Snti rday Aui,iist 8 at 1 p m
in room 308 of tho ME buildinp:
A.ULr
Surma Delta Chi Actives and Pledges Rules for pledge essay eontest aie posted on bulletin board in Exponent offiee Pledges please read and observe Call me at 8444 for elarification of any details Dinner meeting at b 3- p m We inesday August 12 jn Union lac ARMSTRONG Marriage Course Mariiagc couise yeill meet Thursday August G at 30 p m in room 103 of the new Physics building Thi lecture will be of interest to many and so will be opened tor this meeting tor all sen lor students —PAIRICK Union Board Members Short meeting Ihursday at 4 1 in the Union office All members please be theie -SELBURGER Sophomores There will be a short discus Sion and in cxplanatioi of the Aimy Ln listed Reserve Coips and the Advanced Course ROTC on the ma n flooi of the Arm ory at 1 00 p m Satuidaj August 8 E M MAKEM Capt P A i Camera Club No picnic as oi ginally an nounced Business meeting to outline next years program will be held rhuisday Ai gust 13 at 7 30 p m No meeting this week —TRUEBI OOD
POMM elry store
Iveys are
available at jew —HUNT
(Continued from page 1)
teis and as fai as Les himself was concerned, he wanted the companies
The real turning point,” Brown says, “came in the wintei of 1940
hatchery and poultiy
br^ding flock owneis fiom all paits
of the state are attending the school ^
result, that we stayed for foui solid months That got us lolling light and all that important aiitime was just what we needed ” Brown’s Okeh 'leooidings have
which will close tomoirow, Waesche Speaks To Coast Guardsmen Admiral R R Waesche, ’07, com-
mandant of the United States Coast been a ‘must ’ in the nation’s Quard, spoke in a bioadcast fiom ^^^sic shops and in the 400,000 autoBoston late Sunday afternoon, as phonogiaphs that dot the part of a program celebiating the countiy pioiing that his popular 152nd anniversaiy of the establish- based upon the enthusiasm of mentoftheU S Coast Guaid Serv the hoys and girls who make the jce bands, rathei than any high presHe paid tiibute to the valoi and ®*^^e publicity campaigns The veiy service of those who have already hist day that Biown’s waxing of given then lives to the countiy He “Joltin’ Joe DiMaggio” was le said that “We will taste much of leased, more than 50,000 lecoids
the bittei befoie we taste the weie sold'
sweet ’ Interested in Customer
One of the main reasons why
Brown’s band has enjoyed such success IS his interest in the customei Blown looks at it this way “Don’t ever underestimate the youngsteis They know moie about music than the many guys making their living
more
Helen Gift Inducted Into Auxiliary Corps Miss Helen J Gift, who has been
clerk in the alumni offices in the I ^'ovei fail to pay heed
Union foi thiee yeais, has been in ducted into the Woman’s Aimy Auxiliary Corps Miss Gift was inducted into the service at Foit Ben jamin Hamson, Indianapolis, wheie she took hei mental aleitness and physical fitness tests, and was in terviewed by a boaid composed of an ^irrny officei and two ptisonnel
women
Waiting For Orders
Bhe has letuined to hei work heie to await hei two weeks’ notice to repoit to Foit Des Moines, la, wheie she will go loi basic training She has applied for placement in the cleiical division of the WAAC * Mibs Gift giaduated from Con vferse high school and Seymoui Businesb college Hei home is Conveibe, wheie hei father, W Gfift, Phaimacy, ’IJ, is piopiictoi
of Gift’s Phai maev
Panhcllemc Members Thcie will be a short meeting Thursday August 6 in room 303 of the Union Please be there or bend a substitute —BALLARD Cosmopolitan Club Picnic will be held Saturday August 8 nt Ross Camp Meet at Grant Street entrance of Union befol c 2 46 Make rebeivations with cl ib officers Transportation provided —MILLER All Present and Former Playshop Mem hers Special meeting in Fowler Hall on Friday August at 4 p m to make plans lor the cleanup progiam —CARMICHAEL Gimlet Club Phrty Wednesday August B at p m at Ouiatcnoi Tavern South Riv er Road Everybody out —IRASER Pi Tau Sigma Active an 1 honoiaiy mem bers Formal initiation of ] ledges Ihurs day August 6 at b la p m in M E build mg Banquet at 00 p m it Lincoln Lodge Please bring ears if possible for transpoitation to banquet _ „ KOERNER Pi Tau Sigma Pledges I ormal init ition Thuisday August b at 6 15 p m in read mg room It is imperative that you be on time Bring blindfolds KOERNER Methodist Students The Methodist Vouth Conference at Battle Ground begins Friday night Cars will leave the church at 4 or 6 P m 1 ri lay and noon Sat irday Bring your own bedding Sign up it the Founda tion right aviy Ihe eost is ae BADGER Westminster Foundation The Sunday Evening Club will meet m the church mg’”’® Sunday August »th there will be a picnic supper and games at the piemc giounds behind the stadium Everyone is invited to attend IHOMA
to their suggestions, which often than not have pi oven very
valuable to us ”
Senior Coeds To Wear Yellow Cord Skirts
Concert Choir
Beige corduioy skiits have been adopted by Gold Peppers, activities honoiary, as official diess for senior women Oideis may be placed at any of the Lafayette stoies and should be made by Satuiday, al though it will be possible to get the
skats at a latei date
The skirts aie available at scveial prices, $3 98 up Coeds may take J then choice of seveial different styles, the impoitant thing being that all senioi women have yellow coiduioy skats It is hoped that the skats will have the same sig nihcancc in identifying the senioi women as the tiaditional yellow
eoi ds of the sepioi men
Classified Ads
earner Wanted Apply at Exponent Office 01 ihinc 30 i Ask for Klo iman Lpst—One B bby J n^-s i u tci on Uni vcisity pi iclicr j^olf coiiise Rcwaid Lt Col Hicks 20^6 Typewriters—Addinp: Machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebtrshoff 605 Main Lafayette Phone 2 79 Money to loan on diamr n Is witches fruns lutgafcL typcwiiteib Albeits oan Office 407 Columbia Lost Gold Waltham wnst \\ntch on mrn s tenriib courts Sat irday Phone Bob Hadley noi Rewarr
|k DOES YOUR P PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH^S
letuincd to the tampub eaily
Tuesday moining fiom Chicago tol ^
lo^tng; its Mofiday evening concert beloi^ the Convention of the National Choit Pliectbis, of which A P. St^WnM, Concert Chou diiectoi, 18 president The conceit was pieECiited in Lutkin Hall ot Noilh-
westcin University
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S .
Hays jewelry Co. 1 ? I North Fourth St.
;; Fine jewelry at Moderate Price
t-f-f-f-t-f-f-f f-fi •
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
f\
w
'fO
'o'".
4
HAVlcy.
Many great men
fought
to keep this nation free to speak and think as we see
your part today by buying S. War Bonds and Stamps!