♦
1
H
W^W'
- ., <
Ifc ^
Journalist Wason Speaks Today On European Crisis
Marital Lecturer
Betty Waaon, HE ’33, will arrive in Lafayette today to give her account of recent events in the European Crisis at a special convocation tonight at 8 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall.
As the only woman present at the conference which sub-divided Slovakia, she will give an eyewitness resume’ of the historic events which have been taking place in Europe during the last few months. She also was the only woman to accompany the Hungarian troops into Slo-
vak territory.
Miss Wason has been in journalistic work in New York City since her graduation from the University. For the past nine months she has been acting in the capacity of foreign correspondent in Europe. “Crisis Corra^pondent — Purdue Girl Recounts A^iventures in Central Europe,” will be the title of Miss Wason’s talk. Students will be admitted upon presentation of
their passports.
Petroleum Expert Will Speak At AIME Meeting This Evening Dr. Gustav Egloff, Director of Research of the Universal Oil Products Company, Chicago, will address the AIME at 7:30 p m. tonight in room 254 of the Electrical Engineeiing Building. His subject will be “Modern Motor Fuels.” Dr Egloff is the holder of over 200 patents in the petroleum and related industries, and has served as a delegate to the World Power Conference in London and World Engineering Societies Conference in
Tokyo.
Members of the student blanches of the American Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engineers, Ameiican Institute of Chemical Engineers, Society of Automotive Engineers, and American Chemical Society are invited to attend the meeting, according to E. K. Down, president of the AIME.
Lafayette Judge W. Lynn Parkinson will give the third in the series of marital lectures this afternoon at 4 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. Judge Parkinson will have as his subject “Marriage as Seen
By a Trial Judge.”
This meeting will be the last to which a mixed audience will be admitted. All seniors are requested to attend although any student will be entirely welcome, those in charge
stated.
J. C. Beavers...
. . a member of the University staff from 1911 to T8, died Febiuaiy 20 at a Greenville, Tenn., hotel, according to woid received yesterday by Dean M. L. Fisher. He was stricken with a heart attack.
Prepare Plans For Gala Week Program
At the fir.st meeting of the Gala Week Committee, held on Monday night, members were assigned to their various duties. Assignments are; Martha Baker and Dale Schinbeckler, announcements; Ralph Maby, alumni tours; Verle Farrow, finances; and Stubby Meier, class parade. A series of weekly meetings
aie planned for the future
Arrangements and content of the announcements was debated, as was the class parade, the senior’s part in the Foundei’s Day Banquet, and the possibility of a senior dance. The committee has stated that they will appreciate any suggestions concerning the senior dance.
Candles Appear When Lights Out Is Staged In Union^ But Activities Continue As Usual
By Chuck Leber A blown fuse last night plunged the entire Union Building into darkness at 6-50 o’clock. After being out fov 24 minutes, the lights came on at 7:14. At the time the lights went out there were, besides the usual Union activities, two banquets in progress, one in the ballroom, and the other in the faculty lounge. Both banquets continued by candlepowei, with a candle illuminating each table. In the Exponent office the issue editor, junior sports editor, and the night editor sat checking copy by the flickering light of three candles (they didn’t stop the presses . . . for the world must get the news’) Only the bowling" alleys were forced to suspend activities because of the sudden “lights out.” Cafetei la service continued by candle light with the waiters hurrying to and fro with candles flickering on their trays. The grill and sweet shops both continued to ply their patrons" with candle-lit cokes. Couples Hold Hands ? ? The dark, inviting corners of the sweet shop caused a sudden inrush of business which was held down only by the existence of similar handholding and osculatory activities in the halls. The miraculously silent nickleodeon further added to the unreal atmosphere. The billiard room was quickly lit with candles, and the players went on with their games uninterrupted. From the balcony on the second floor, the main lounge presented an eerie view. The blackness below was unbioken except for trails of light left by passing candle-bearers. The music room was lit by several candles, but the phonograph was silent. The first floor phone booths were ■each lit by candles, and telephone service went on.
Theta Tau..:
. . . announces the election of the following officers: C. E. Kramer, president; W. R Ott, vice-president; W. E. Scherrer, scribe; G. G. Ference, treasurer; R. J. Wente, housemanager; and H. W. Heinrich, inner guard.
Purdue Exponent
Z-ISS
WEDNESDAY
March 22, 1939
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol.50
No. 144
Pliarm«ists Meet In Union
Today At Union Desk For Nintll Annual Conference
Tickets for the All-Campus show, “The Mikado,” will go on sale today at the west Union desk for 76c each. The reserved seat tickets now on sale will be given a two-day preference on house seats over those
which will be sold later.
Fraternities, sororities, and residence halls will be covered by committee members selling tickets during the first of the week. This is being done to give the fraternities and SOI orities a chance to buy their tick-
ets in blocks.
Heads of committees aie Beverlie Rice, Louis Julliard, Lawrence Archibald, Mary Wein, John Foust, Ray Friend, VanTyle Coddingston, Katherine Shearer, and Myra Mc-
Kee.
Debris Cameramen Will 'Shoot' Dancers At Mixer Saturday The Union mixer Saturday night has been named “Debris Candid Camel a Dance.” Cardboai d sets will be arranged about the ballroom, and will be available foi taking comic pictures. These sets will be furnished with floodlights, and will be the type upon which a comic figure IS painted, with a hole foi the head. Debris officials invite all candid cameia fans to bung their cameias with them Between 10 and 10:30 o’clock Debris photographers will be present to take pictures, which will be given to the subjects. The Debris men will also take pictures to be ipcluded in the annual’s snapshot section In all othei lespects, the dance will be a normal mixer. Bill Martin’s band will ftay, and admission puce will be one dollar. SDXTo Hear Heimlich Tomorrow Evening Herbert H Heimlich, Lafayette Journal Courier city editor, will speak before an open meeting of Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic society, tomorrow night at 7 30 m the Union reception room. Mr Heimlich will speak on “A Comparison of American, Australian, and English newspapers ” The speaker will also discuss how certain newspapers in the United States, notably one in Minneapolis, Mmn, determine then editorial policy through public opinion surveys. A veteian newspaperman, Heimlich attended Indiana school of journalism.
Grooming Authority Will Speak Before Charm School Today Pauline Crook, WSGA-YWCA grooming consultant from Stephens College, will lecture at the Chara^ School today and tomorrow ■^t 4 p. m. in the Home Economics Auditorium. She will give personal interviews to those having appointments all day today in room C of the Union Building, and tomorrow morning in rooms 1 and 2, and in the afternoon she will be available at the Women’s Residence Hall.
y
Two lectures to be given by Miss Crook, will be entirely different; one will be on make-up and the other on grooming m general Those girls who have interviews are to bring their own combs and hairbrushes. Miss Crook’s aim is to make the most of what girls have lathei than make them glamoui gn Is This hobby has developed into a profession; and her other hobbies are sketching, and painting She will conduct an infoimal discussion over WBAA today at 1:30 at which time co-eds will ask questions and she will answei them. She has lectured at the Umveisity of Floiida, University of Michigan, Stout Univeisity, Giunnell, Oklahoma, and many high schools, women’s clubs, and business clubs. World News London, March 21—Great Britain tonight called upon France, So\iet Russia, and Poland to sign a four-power pact against Chancellor Adolf Hitler, whose German armies were reported moving toward the Lithuanian frontier, perhaps for a quick blow at Memel. Kovno, Lithuania, March 21— Lithuania tonight prepared to surrender semi-autonomous Memel to Germany after receiving an implied ultimatum fiom Fuehrer Adolf Hitler promising trade advantages if the 1,100-quare-mile Baltic strip is given up “peacefully and amicably.”
Jackson Raps New Dr. Lelaiid Distusses Taxing Proposals, Socialized Medicine; Knight Also Taiks Program Ends Today
By Bill Johnston
“No one in the recent legislature and no official of the state government, that I know of, is opposed to the retailers or any other group in Indiana receiving a lower gross income tax rate,” declared Clarence A. Jackson, director of the state Gross Income Tax and Unemployment Compensation divisions, in an afternoon address before the opening sessions. In continuing his discussion of state tax problems, Jackson said, “The recent problem centered aiound the loss of about four and one-quaiter million dollars of tax levenue. It was a serious matter of local finance, for theie was no disposition shown to modify the mandatory laws which distiibute funds to the local units for schools and public welfare program costs. Failuie of the state government to meet its obligations would have meant additional property tax or stopping these essential govern-
mental functions.” “Insincere Proposals”
Jackson branded as “insincere” the proposals which were made in the Legislature for the purpose of alteiing the state system of providing financial assistance to the local units through gross income tax funds. “When the local units of government demand that the state government continue to have the same amount of financial assistance available for them, tax relief becomes a problem to be solved at the ‘Court House’ instead of the ‘State House’,” declared Jackson. “No More Aspirin”—Knight Di. F. B. Knight, director of educational and applied psychology division, said that much of the medicine that the druggist sells is for sicknesses that regressions to childhood to persons who are unable to stand the continued pressure of our modern complex society. “If America removes the pressure and heat the aspirin business will go bust,”
he said.
Seven reasons why the medical profession of the United States and the American Medical Association are unwilling to foster compulsory sickness insurance and socialized medicine were enumerated last night at the ninth annual Druggists’ Business Conference banquet held in the Union ballroom. Dr. R. G. Leland, Director of the Bureau of Medical Economics of the American Medical Association, delivered this principal address of the evening. The conference
Opponent
Cameraman Snaps *ldeaP, ‘Typical^ Male Dress
'^DressureJV Vs. 'Averajre-ed'
By Ed Engineer
In roaming aiound the campus a candid cameia man returned these pictures to the Exponent, suggestthat they might be used m the Cagey Co-ed vs Sloppy Joe clothes feud The developed pictures proved to be Chauncey Jordan and Char-
les Smith.
The alert camera man caught Chauncey walking briskly past the Civil Engineering Building. Exitiqg from the rear of Mike’s Castle came Smith. By Miss Cagey Co-ed Chauncey will be called their idea of the way Purdue students should dress. But Chuck will be called
“typical.”
Chauncey is a native of Irvington, N. J. Miss Cagey approves of his well pressed trousers, his dark coat, white shirt and tie, his well groomed hair, clean chin, coat and muffler. So do we. ^ Chuck Is Unzippered But look at Chuck. He is wearing a white shirt, pressed trousers, shined shoes. But the sweater looks sloppy not being zipped. His hair is uncombed, possibly untouched. Those are the things about the Purdue ed to which I object. Let me say that I’m one of Pur-
Chauncey Jordan
Charles Smith
due Enginers that you. Miss Cagey Co-ed, has been complaining about so violently the last few weeks. I wear T-shirts, baggy pants, and I don’t always shave. Years ago, before we came to college, even before we went to high school, we had a woman seeing that our ears were washed; our ties were straight; pants pressed; and our shoes shined. We were thankful for the help. But even then we got
dll ty.
Labs Make Us Dirty It is still our nature to get dirty, and our school “lab” work often causes this. It is primarily the latter which does it. We haven’t lost our liking for cleanliness, nor have we become suddenly sloppy as you may think. Here we are going to school, and spending the better part of the day and night in classes and labs. We’re up every morning at 6:30. We spend the next hour and a quarter working for our breakfast.—“No time to shave. I’ll do it at my off hour. But that doesn’t come until five o’clock. Then I go back to work, have my supper, and hit the books.” (Continued on page 3)
Dr. R. G. Leland Opposes Socialized Medicine will continue in the Union Building today with a wide variety of topics of interest to pharmacists and druggists. More than 300 druggists attended the banquet. John J. Haramy, head of the department of history at Indiana, who has just completed a tour of the dictator countries of Europe, spoke on “Dictatorship in Action,” at the banquet. Leland Lists Arguments The seven reasons listed why the medical profession in U. S. opposes (Continued on page 4) Training Lower Rank Officers Stressed In Talk By Col. Drysdale Training of lower rank officers, especially the platoon leaders, is the most important thing in modern warfare, said Col. W. S. Drysdale, head of the reserve of the Fifth Corps Area, last night in speaking before a large group of Lafayette leseive officers and University ROTC students in the Lafayette Post Office civil service room. In his talk, entitled the “Battle of Shanghai,” Colonel Drysdale said that the futility of China’s trying to train adequately in a short time enough junior officers to command her smaller military units was quite evident. Time is necessary to train officers, he said, and that is what is being done in the U. S. Officers Reserve Corps. Outlining the steps in the battle between the Chinese and Japanese forces at Shanghai, Colonel I>qrs» dale then discussed the mistakes and failures made by both sides in the battle and also compared the abilities of both forces.
nil£dibfdttL ^
THE FDBDDE EXPONENT
i.
^ajithoA.
Wednesday, March 22, 19391
■ .
Fraternity, T utorial System Deserves Campus Plaudits Each j^ear Minnesota fraternities take some step which indicates they are becoming aware of their responsibilities as members of the University community. The tutorial system, inaugurated this quarter, is an excellent example of the trend. Still in embryonic stages, the new system seeks to give additional instruction to fraternity members and pledges in some of the basic junior college courses. For this quarter tutoring periods are limited to the final week of the quarter and to one session for each course. Graduate students will preside over the meetings held in the fraternity houses. Expansion of the system will depend on its success, measured in terms of interest and attendance. Fraternities of the pre-depression era were mainly concerned with their responsibilities as a social clique on the campus and as a re-, suit fell into disfavor in many quarters. Today they are opening their eyes to the fact that in order to justify existence they must become a force in the educational—as well as social—acclimation of their members. The tutorial system, if it is not used as a substitute for study, is a worthwhile addition to the list of educational and socially conscious projects such as the establishment of Fraternity week, the Junior Interfraternity council and the house counselor’s plan which have been started by the Interfraternity council in recent years.^—The Minnesota Daily.
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post ofliee in LafayettCi Indiana, under the act of CongresB of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8. 1917, authorized January 20, 1022, Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Bummer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per fetx, maU subscription $8.60. Editor-In-Chief...... H. I. Stanback Business Manager .B. R. Hensler PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor— .-li. S. HarjUn City Editor. - - .D. A. Bailey Associate El^tora ^G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, B. E. Insley, W, A. Kroeplin, D. Q. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager — M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager..... — ..E. M. Antoninl Circulation Manager ...— — W. F. Berg Sales Manager ; V. Daugber^ National Advertising Manager— H. W, Nevin Accounts Manager J....— -..W. B. Smith Art Director — _.....D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor — „!..........Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgeann SchiUing, BetW Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor B. L, McDonald Associate Editors- ; — J. A. Hebbeler, B. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 400B, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fleldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTIStNO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Kepresentative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago • Boston ' Los Angeles - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. Ail unsigned editorials axe written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Terrio Issue Editor—DeHoog Co-ed Editor—Schilling Sports Editor—Jenkins Wednesday, March 22, 1939
3[sdjtsiM to the Editor
Letters accepted for publication in this column must be accompanied by the writer’s signature and should fe« limited to 160 words in leng^ Who Runs University?
y.
To the Editor:
I would like to know' who runs this University, the American Legion, or the University officials, or just one man at Purdue, who can overrule the whole majority of fac-
ulty?
It is too bad that seemingly weak University officials succumb so readily to the coercion of an organization which calls itself the American Legion. The Legion’s one main objection to “Bury the Dead” is that royalty rights are controlled by a Leftist or Communist organization in U. S. For that matter the Legion ever since its inception has branded anything that is liberal “Communist” because they are too dumb to tell the difference between the two. I think it would be ten times better to allow the production of “Bury the Dead,” with its so-charged Communist influence, than to allow a bunch of minority Fascists, the Lafayette American Legion, suppress it, which they have done without consulting anyone, students or faculty. It is high time that some anti-war propaganda is sweeping this country to counteract the war hysteria wave that is now in process, especially since Germany deliberately seized Czechoslovakia. “Bury the Dead” is an excellent satire and bitter attack on war, a thing that would not hurt at all especially in view of world rearmament. By preventing its production, the American Legion is deliberately attempt- ’ ing to stimulate war hysteria in the United States. The play was good enough for Broadway and other cities and towns all over the country, but when it comes to staid old Purdue, a grayhaired old woman, purporting to represent something, and who has nothing in the world to do with the University, prevents its being produced—so far. After all it is a University play for the students and faculty, and not for any Legionnaire. It is not his business in the least but still he orders what should be done, and no one here at Purdue says a thing about it. I almost laugh, when thinking about so-called .student organizations, and faculty members, that they are supposed to have certain duties and administrative functions. This example of high-handed iamJ thority of the American Legion running Purdue shows how futile and useless all Furdue student and faculty voices really are, when it comes actually to a showdown. Sure, ev-
erything goes fine as long as they stay in line. But do something the American Legion doesn’t want or some higher-up doesn’t want—and, well you know the rest. Students and faculty members, let’s unite, see to it that this play is produced, and drive out this boring from within and insidious influence that threatents to engulf our campus—the American Legion. We are not ready for Fascism, the American Legion way, yet! I’ll take all responsibility for the article and will answer to anyone. W. W. Johnson, Sc. ’39.
^J^im and By Georgann Schilling
These balmy breezes and mild temperatures are having a definite effect. Top coats have given way to suits and sweaters, baseballs are being flung gaily into the air, some of the Phi Psis are flying kites, and we have scarcely enough energy left to punch these keys. ’Tis spring, kiddies, at last! —H-H— Kappa freshmen and ATO freshmen are having a trade dinner tonight. Cary Hall boys will entertain the Chi t)’s, the Thetas will dine with the Theta Chis, and the Pi Phis will be the guests of the Delta Chis. The Phi Mus are having a trade dessert with the Alpha Chi Rhos while the Pi Kappa Alphas entertain the Alpha Chis. —H-H— Did you notice the new sorority and fratei’nity pins being worn on the campus these days? The Kappas, Alpha Chis, and Alpha Xis have already had initiation ceremonies. And two Greek letter groups have planned Province Conventions for this month. This week-end is the time set for the Kappa Province meeting which will be held here on the campus. The Pi Phis will go to Foi’t Wayne next week-end for a two-day convention. —H-H— Tales of the Purdue Ed’s grooming, as described by a person known as the Cagey Co-ed, seem to be traveling far and wide. Sunday morning the Straus’ sponsored “College Circuit” program broadcast from Indianapolis featured the story as it appeared in last week’s Exponent. And the mail that this female journalist has been receiving! It does not sound very complimentary, tho. —H-H— We have been collecting a few bits of news (or maybe just common knowledge) from, round about concerning former campus personalities. Did you know that last year WSGA prexy, Betty Ann Stewart has forsaken the school teaching profession for a career as a housewife? She married the boy back
home. Also, we hear that Sal (Of Thee I Sing) Palma, who is now attending the University of Southern California, has pledged Kappa Sigma. . Nine More Flyers Solo,TotalNovf34 Nine more of the 50 students who are taking special flight training at the Airport under the Civil Aeronautics Authority program to “train 20,000 pilots in the next two years,” have soloed to date, making 34 in all. This was the word from Capt. L. I. Aretz, in charge of the flight training, and Prof. K. D. Wood, head of the aeronautical engineering department, who has charge of all of the ground courses. The latest aerial soloistls wei’e R^ B. Marozick, DesPlaines, 111.; Gilbert DeVore, Chicago, 111.; Robert Wagner, Lakeville; C. A. Reising, Cincinnati, 0.; R. N. Schneblin, Peoria, 111.; T. L. Tomaszewski, South Bend; J. W. Ashton, Battle Creek, Mich.; T. 0. Marshall, Culver; and R. H. Lehman, Fort Wayne. One of the student flyers who had taken his primary solo work passed to the advanced solo group today. He is J. W. Mazur, of West Lafayette. Purdue trainees have already had about 700 hours in the air since they started work on February 16.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
Boy, oh boy, and just where were you when the lights went out! . . ; Thrills and more thrills; what a place for the lights to go phlooie ... all over the Union ^ . . and was it dark! . . . what about all those couples in the seculded corners of the lounge, in the back booths of the sweet shop, grille,, along the corridors? ? ? ... Even the candles couldn’t reach the seculsion of the far corners . . . and the couple objecting to the candlelight in the main lounge saying “Turn out that light!” ... But, oh boy, here’s the prize . . . who was the boy who ran out of the Women’s lounge upstairs when the lights went on? So fast, he was merely a breeze. Back to the campus comes snowwhite and the seven dwarfs ... plus a couple of witches and some honorary members ... rumors have it that a new “joe” club has been organized ... namely, the above per-' sonalities ifi the form of the “Ha ha hems” . . . meetings a secret, codes a secret . . . just this much will be given to the public . . . Happy-^ John “Bunny Duck” Richey ... Dopey—“Call me handsome” Crow . . . Sneezy—Bill, “its my personality” Huls . . . Grumpy—Ed “two-beer” Luedeka . . . Doc—Irv “ I’m Robert Taylor’s double” Fosse . . . Bashful —-George “ just a soap bubble” Baker ... Sleepy—Bill “Wake me not” Hosier . . . and the witch— Jeanne “see my dimples” Chandler. And the first meeting will be in a secluded corner of the S. S. tonight at four . . . sounds like something su-per-super! Wonder what the laws will be ? ? If any.? And did anyone ever tell you of the joke on “Springtime and Love?’’ Yeah, oh well it was too subtle, anyhow . . . like a brick . . . Just why is spring connected with the love angle? This is a matter which should be duly discussed since this is the second day of spring . . . flowers bloom, air’s warmer, classes cut, moonlight walks so what ? Why should this make people edge towards the sentimental side? Maybe we’ll have to ask someone who might know ... well, Jackie and R. B.?; Ted and Peg; Amy and Bull; Bill and Kissy; Snuffy and Kep ? ? “Sloppy Joe” hath no love for spring . . . let alone in the mathematical sum of love and spring! He has no use for the feminine individual . . . maybe we’d better let Joe speak for himself: “Her conversation is as pointed as a pretzel; she is a centipede for putting her foot in other people’s business; her head is a sieve for secrets; she would be more spicy if she had less span; her fine veneer comes off with a little alcohol; her senses are strictly on a dollar basis; she speaks with more claret than
For a large assortment of Milano Pipe Styles, see H. G. “Deac” Reisner
HANDKERCHIEF TEST PROVES HESSOn GUnRD KEEPS VITAt^ONE SPOTLESS
DANCE RECITAL Wed., Mar. 22/8;00 P. M. ADMISSION 25c ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN Advanced Thursday, March 23 Beginner's Friday, March 24 6:30 P. M. CHILDREN'S CLASSES OPEN IN BALLET, TAP, BALLROOM SATURDAY, MARCH 25th ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Always clean and free from goo no matter how often you smoke it. Challenging higherpriced pipes in briar quality and value.
LUHA —LAST dayjoe E. BROWN — IN — "Flirting With Fate" — AND — CHARLES BICKFORD — IN — "THE STORM"
THURSDAY-FRIDAY SATURDAY KENT TAYLOR -r-IN — "Pirates of the Sky" — AND — BOB BAKER — IN — HONOR OF THE WEST"
GRIN AND BEAR IT
P
By Lichty
Copr. 1939 by Dnltcd FeGinfe 8yndte«t«,
"You’ll find we give our students a thorough business-like point of view—not one of bur graduates has ever married for love!"
clarity; she is as subtle as an avalanche and as flighty as a poker chip; she has a water-bug mind .. . it skims along the top but never goes below the surface; her face is usually her best chaperon!” All we can say . . . Joe sure has it bad!
These girls skirts getting shorter and shorter are beginning to remind me of a short story . . . long enough to cover the subject but just short enough to make it interesting!
Personnel ‘ Notes
Company: Scott Paper Company, Chester, Pa. Desires: One or two mechanical or chemical engineers. Representative; D. B. Wilkinson. Sign Up: At once in Professor Young’s or Professor Harding’s of-
fice. Names will be sent to Wilkinson before spring vacation. Company: Fitzpatrick Brothers, soap manufacturers, Chicago, 111. Representative: J. Courtney Fitzpatrick. „ Interviewing: Mechanical and electrical engineers in the near future. Employment: Production, maintenance, and construction work. All those interested sign up in Professor Young’s or Professor Harding’s office.
MAliS — LAST DAY—
TOMORROW-FRIDAY
THE BK SISTER OF THE 'DEAD EMT KIDS 11
LAST DAY-
STARTS TOMORROW
SCREEN’S GRANDEST ACm>
ARC
LAST D A Y—
— with — GLORIA STUART LANNY ROSS — and —
'The Spider Web," Serial
Thursday-Friday-Saturday UTAH TRAIL JUVENILE COURT
FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS
kiAiti
: TODAY — TWO FEATURES
WOMAN DOCTOR with FRIEDA INESCORT HENRY WILCOXON — plus — Fighting Thoroughbreds with RALPH BYRD MARY CARLISLE
STARTING TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE BOBBY BREEN — in — Breaking the Ice — PLUS — HELD FOR RANSOM — WITH — GRANT WITHERS BLANCHE MEHAFFEY -EXTRAMICKEY MOUSE
— COMINGLOVE AFFAIR — WITH — Irene Charles DUNNE BOYER
s mt' A Wednesday. March 22/1939
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Cai’nival ToinOffOW—And Swimmers Select Baseball Team Gets
1^ A 'TL h* r* ' Wildhack,Graham
Us A Three Ring Circus
By Hank Goebel a
^ “A three ring circus,” Purdue’s Athletic Garnival, will furnish spectators a continuous picture of mirth and frivolity tomorrow. The entire floor of the Fieldhouse will be used at all times in order to keep any spectator’s interest from waning even for an instant. ' i\
1940 Co-Captains Weather For Drills
This afternoon at 4 o’clock will be the last time that entrants may qualify for the putting finals in the Athletic Carnival; Entrants will report at the intramural office in the Fieldhouse. At the east end of the Fieldhouse, five of Purdue’s table tennis players will be meeting a team of five from Indiana University. Par down at the other end of the floor at two rings will be boxing and wrestling matches during the entire evening to determine the respective weight champions. Clowns, Tugs of War The center of the Fieldhouse will be occupied with clown stunts, a power pull, and an outstanding series of tugs of war. About 24 tug of war teams are entered, and the winning team should be a good representative group of Boilermakers. Two tracks will encircle the events in the center^ On the regular
cinder track will be held the funning track events. Silver Derby Relays, which should keep the spectators in a continuous uproar, will be run around an inner dirt track. Silver Derby Four fraternities will be entered in each Silver Derby Relay^. The eight relays will furnish eight teams the chance to walk, trip, stumble, ride, or fall to a victory. Those relays that will be held are a stilt race, a wheelbarrow race, a horseback race, a crutch race, a sack race, a three-legged race, a barrel race, and a bicycle race. .
Yesterday afternoon in the Fieldhouse, the varsity, swimming team met . and chose John Graham and George Wildhack to captain them during the, 1939-40 water campaign; however, a captain for the water polo team couldn’t be decided upon. Graham, one of the steadiest performers on the Purdue squad for the past two years, finds his specialty in the 440 yard grind. He is a member of the Beta Theta Pi, a Lafayette resident, and student in the mechanical engineering school. Wildhack, one of the conference’s best divers, the only Purdue man to qualify and collect a point during the recent conference meet, is a fancy diving artist. He also is in the mechanical engineering school. He hails from Indianapolis and is a member of Phi Gamma Delta social
fraternity.
Intramural Schedule 40 Frosh Fencers
Vie For Numerals
VOLLEYBALL
Today
4 :15-—Theta Xi, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Phi Kappa Psi, Alpha Gamma Eho, Alpha Tau Omega, Kappa Delta Rho, Phi Delta Theta, Phi Kappa Sigma.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
History Repeats Itself 17th Century Flash. . . John Smith ends difficulties with Indians by smoking their Peace-Pipe ... 20th Century Flash ... DR. GRABOW ends your pipesmoking diffieulties . . . ^ ... Designed by a physician, DR. GRABOW, pipes'are Pre-Smoked by machine with the finest tobaccos, so that the first puff will bring you pleasure ... . . . Visit your dealer today, and inspect his handsome display of DR GRABOW pipes . . . made from quality briar in shapes that please . . . A streamlined pipe of peace
DESIGNEDbBmRHYSI.CIANJORA<feB EiliERi. SM
.. Never a hitter taste .. . . Costs only $1.50 . . This winning ad was drawn up by Harry F. Poll, Sophomore
Silver Mask fencing honorary last night began the tournament for the freshman fencing numerals which it sponsors each year. Forty contestants are scheduled to compete in the quest for their numerals, and 10 of these will ultimately receive the award. Five men will battle in each of eight pools scheduled to be run off this week. Out of each pool two men will aurvive to make 16 who will meet to decide the final 10 numeral winners. Among the early performers who have shown better than average ability are freshmen Burl and Murray, according to the judges of the first night’s matches. Coach R. V. Finney is searching for men who can next season replace Huffman and Maierson in the foils. Captain Stepath in the saber, and Levin and Meier in the epee, all of whom are seniors.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQVABE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
A ■
“i’ll Say I Work for a ‘B/>’ \5tility”
^ ^ College professors probably can explain {t» but I don’t know why a word can mean one thing one time, and then again, something else> A lot has been said and written about *bi{^ business and ’big’ utilities. To me, ’big* has always meant something to be proud of. I nevet heard a guy bragging about catching ’just a little, tiny bass’, or going around shouting to everybody how proud he was that the com in his field was all hjubbins. ’’Now, take me for instance. I’m proud that I work for a ’big’ company, because that means my company has grown up by handling a ’bi^ job. My company ha^ miles and miles of poles and wites, because it is a ’big* job to get electric service to thousands of customers. It hires a lot of people because a ’big’ job isn’t a one-man show. It buys a l6t of coal and other supplies because all those things are needed to carry on a ’big’ operation. "But for all its ’bigness’, my company never forgets it depends on satisfied customers for business. And the fellow who benefits most from ’bigness’ is the customer who pays less because of lowered costs and better equipment and greater efficiency. "Americans always have been proud of ’bigness’, of living in a 'big’ counpry, with ’big* cities, 'big’ farms and 'big’ ways of doing things. When you’re talking about accomplish-
send in those soiled hats for blocking (only
cleaning and (only 50c),
SAA Announces Varsity^
By Ivan While Indiana’s fickle spring weather was in a baseball practice mood. Coach Dutch Fehripg sent his diamond charges through an ideal practice session yesterday afternoon on the Fieldhouse field, a practice that showed the need for an improvement in the hitting depart-
ment.
The team, virtually a veteran outfit, having lost but three members from last season’s club that finished third in the Big Ten race, is expected to be the “it” team in ,the 1939 Western Conference race. Last season’s losses are Joe Waling, first baseman, Harry Krause, catcher, and Carrol Mangas, hard-luck pitcher, who finished his career with a thrilling win over Indiana last
spring.
Open Position As the first base job is the only regular position to be filled on-the squad, a hot battle is being waged for the initial sack job by Frank Danowski and Frank Smithson. Danowski, a 6 foot, 2 inch lad from Long Island, turned in a commendable performance with the freshman squad last season, but is having his trouble at the plate along with the rest of the team. ’ Second base is a toss up between two vets, Sam Lybolt and Wayne Hearne. Shortstop, in the hands of Captain Jim Thompson, one of the steadiest infielders in the conference last season, is almost a certainty for aspirants to stay clear of. The outfield will be composed of three regulars from last season’s squad, Tom Dickinson, the fastest outfielder in the conference; Ross Dean, and Bud Stamm./While Vernon/ Doherty, Kurtz, and Lorenz are underclassmen prospects for the outfield. ' At the third base position, Felix Mackiewisz, a junior, who led the Big Ten in total bases last season, is expected to perform.
Varsity and freshman letter awards to the members of Purdue’s wrestling, swimming, and water polo teams, as well as varsity fencing and squash awards were announced yesterday following approval by the insignia board of the Student Athletic Association.
Phi Mu...
... sorority announces the election of the following officers: president, Charlotte Lochner, Auburn; vicepresident, Louise Beggs, Greensburg; second vice-president, Alma Schnaible, Lafayette; secretary, Martha Ellis, Dana; treasurer, Jane Weaver, Norwood, O.; editor, Janet Gaylord, Lafayette; historian, Doris Jane Henninger, Hamilton, O.; librarian, Pauline Stone, Monon.
aawBAA
"THE VOICE OF PURDUE" 11:00—Prof. Robert Phillips, American Institutions. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Time Service; Farm Facts for Farm Folks. 12:15—Sports Review, Dick Shively 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—Meditations, Rabbi Meyer H. Simon. 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Pauline Crook. 1:45—-Market Reports. 2:00—Afternoon Music. 2:16—Bunny Walkup, guitar. 2:30—The Home Decorator. 2:45—Hymn Echoes, Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 3:00^—Symphony Hall. 4:00^—Campus Interviews. 4:15—Dick Curtner, pianist. 4:30—Purdue Round Table. , 4:45—Story Book Hour.
Cameramen— (Continued from page 1)
It’s after midnight when I get those railroad curves figui’ed and the steam tables digested. In bed by 2 a. m. Four hours there, and I’m up for another day. It may be either a choice of putting on a pair of (^irty cords or wearing my Sunday trousei's. Which would you do ? Seeks Feminine Company Then as sob stuff I might say that I’d rather come. to class on time, if I have any classes in which there are females, and be with you for 50 minutes, i-ather than go home, shave, and come to class late. Then when the time comes and I leave Purdue with a good job. I’ll have those pressed pants, clean chin, shined shoes, and dressy ties. Aren’t you ashamed for criticizing me Miss Cagey Co-ed?
The insignia board also approved the award of numerals to the winners in the freshman fencing and squash tournaments to be held latei' in the month. Complete list of awards follows: Wrestling Majors—C. Allman, Beaver, Pa.; M. Aronson, South Bend: H. Berkheiser, Lae fayette; J. Post, Dormont, Pa.; A. Rossi, Pekin, 111.; N, Willey, Chicago, III. : W. Tyrrell, Muncie. - Minors—F, Beem, Ottawa, 111.; C. Brown, . West Lafayette; G. Di^ Sullivan: A. Huston, Wadsworth, O.; Eiledgrex*, South Bend: I. Linderman, South Bend; J. Papurca, New Suffolk, N. 'Y.: D. Safford, Rochester; P. Schriber, Dayton, O.; J. Toth, South Bend. Freshman Numerals—C. M. Anderson, Indianapolis : L. Q. Boyd, Plainville; C. W. Camperman, Hammond; C. L. Pr^ericks, Hammond ; . C. R. , Molmquist, Hammondi; W. J. Powell, Terre Haute; G. O, Roche, Hammond ; I. A. Rossi, Pekin, 111.; R. P. Seybold, Indianapolis ; S. R. Thomson, East Chicago; G. M. Wadleigh, Indianapolis.
Squash Majors—David Blitz, Toledo, O. : H. E. Eberhard, Angola; T. O. Jackson, 'West Lafayette ; R. D. Juve, Akron, O,; J, Messmore, Kansas City, Mo.: R. M. Mbrley, Hamilton ; A. W. Sokolowski, Cleveland, O. Minors—K. E. Blessing, Maplewood, N. J. : J. E. Farit, Newcastle: M. F. Patrick, Indianapolis: F. Munro, West Lafayette.
Fencing Majors—C. F. Hoffman, East Chicago: A. H. Levin, Gary; R. A. Meier, Fort Wayne: M. D. Stepath, Springfield, Mass.; S. D. 'Weldy, Noblesville. Minors—A. T. Maierson, Indianapolis: D. S. Marden, Fox Creek,-Mich.: M. D. Neptune, River Forest. 111. ; L. W. Schmidt, Indianapolis; I. Solotf, South Bend;
Swimmirig Majors:—E. D, Carr, Oak Park, 111.; J. U. Graham, Lafayette: W. D. Lahey, South Bend: G- Tredwell, Bristol, Conn.; F. C. Tuxworth, Huntington : G, A. Wildhack, Indianapolis ; G. Craig, Oak Park, III. Minors—L. E. Armstrong, Chicago, 111.; C. J. Fahrner, Chicago, HI.; T. A.^Haver, Lakewood, O. : W. P. Mauck, Detroit, Mich.; G. A. Siler, Oak Park, 111. Freshman Numerals—T. A. Anderson, Walton; G. R. Bloomquist, Gary; F. M. Branner, Chicago. 111. ; R. P. Brock, Chicago, 111.; J. J. Craddock, Waukegan, 111.; W. W. Frank, Hammond: I. L. Greenbergi Chicago, III. ; F. W. Herr, South Bend; R. _ G. Kratzer, Kenmore, N. Y.; Alex Ktisko, Crompond, N. Y. ; F. B. Lake, Detroit, Mich. ; James R. McCready, Baltimore, Md.; Walter Pozer, Chicago, III.; R. M. Suiith, Lakewood, O.; R. J. Thomas, Chicago, 111.: E. M. Tingley, Oak Park, 111.
Water Polo Majors—L. E. Armstrong, Chicago, 111.; E. D. Carr, Oak Park, 111.; J. U. Graham, Lafayette; J. H. Pacobi, Dayton, O. ; W. D. Lahey, South Bend: C. A. Liming', Virginia Minn. ; R. S. Marshall, Indianapolis ; C. G. Moller, South Btnd; C. A. Sisler, Oak Park, III. Pirates Win First Tilt Against Chicago, 9-4 The Pittsburgh Pirates tripped the Chicago Cubs 9-4 yesterday at Los Angeles, hopping onto “Lefty” French in the first inning for three runs and adding another in the second. The last five tallies, which cinched the game for the Pirates, came in the seventh and eighth frames. The Pirates used Klinger, Brandt, and Clemenson on the mound with Mueller and Berry catching! The day before the Pirates had taken an 11-4 shellacking from the wobbly White Sox. ■
West Side Office
132
Avoid
Vine St.
the
Phone ins —NOW
Rush
for pick-up.
Only Three Weeks till Easter!
It Is Time NOW!
get out last season’s garments and let us freshen them up for coming use. Many will look like new! clean those winter coats and heavy things to be put away in our MOTH-PROOF BAGS for summer storage.
Phone 3085
American! Dependable Bry Ch«mer§
ti
1
■i^^oaxL (Ma.
})^
v>
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^yioJticiUL
Wednesday. March 22. 1939
Annual Swimming Pool Conference Opens Here Today Fioni 100 to 125 swimming pool opeiatois will legistei at the Fieldhouse at 8 30 this morning foi a full daA of discussion of pool pioblems at then second annual meeting The depaitment of physical education, with M L Clevett in chaige of ariangenients is iii charge of the meeting m coopeiation with the school of cimI engineeiing and the boaid of sanitary engmeeimg of the Indiana State Boaid of Health Among the chief speakeis today will be B A Poole, chief engineer of the Buieau of Samtaiy Engineei of the State Boaid of Health at Indianapolis and C A Hyatt, swim ining pool samtaiian foi the Illi nois Depaitment of Public Health at Spiingfield 111 Seveial films will display pool equipment The day’s piogiam begins at 9 a in The opeiatois will take up geneial pool management sanitation opeiation, and maintenance The meeting will end at 4 p m Noted Educator Will Address Students On Temperance Problem Di Albion R King piofessoi of philosophy and dean of men at Coi nell college, will speak on the “Psy chologv of Diunkenness in Stanley Coultei I^all next Tuesday at 8 p m This talk will be sponsoied by the Umveisitj Religious Council The Iowa educator has long stres sed the psychological and scienti fie appioach to tempeiance piob lems He has spent much time dig ging scientific and psychological mateiial fiom technical journals, then making it entei taming as well as educational in his addi esses Dean King s talks have met with success in many umveisities ovei the countiy In contiast to the technical talks which aie liable to become lathei involved the Iowa educatoi has leceived student votes as a popular speakei Students To Discuss Co-op Living At Forum Tonight Will the Co op Idea Woik” will be the topic of panel discussion this evening beginning at 7 p m in the Wesley Foundation House This IS the thud in a senes of foui educational discussions this month to acquaint students with the princi pies of co-operative Imng Rev William McFadden will lead the discussion and will have in his gioup Mrs McFadden Amy Meyei, Glayds Knollman, Ralph Worthington, and Jim Hull
Pharmacists Meet ~ (Continued from page 1)
compulsoiy sickness insurance weie 1 The accompanying bureauciatic system has no place in a democratic state 2 It would undoubtedly set up a fai leaching tax system with great mciease in the cost of government 3 The burden of the system is distiibuted ovei the low income class, which is least able to beai it 4 Diagnosis and treatment are mechanical and superficial. 5 Medical caies foi the indigent IS omitted, and the pioblem of serious and prolonged illness is not solved 6 The contiol ovei medical seivice IS placed in the hands of unqualified non medical individuals and 01 ganizations 7 Such a system of medical care would lend itself to political control and manipulation “The medical piofession believes that a system of compulsory sickness insurance oi state managed medicine does not offer the best method by which people with low incomes can be assisted to meet the costs of illness,” said Di Leland Approves Community Project “The medical profession approves the principle of hospital services insurance as a community project It also believes it piacfeicable to de velop cash indemnity insurance plans to cover, in whole oi in part, the costs of emergency pro longed illness ” he continued Speaking on the subject, “Socialized Medicine and the Pharmacist,” at the afternoon session Leland said more money spending would not necessarily bring greater health benefits unless the people themselves participate through elected officials
CJassiHed Mds
MISCELLANEOUS
FOR SALE
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St
• Professional
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all wa do, but we do it weR Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A RISK—ODS HAROLD J RISK—DDS LUTHER A RISK—DDS Schultz Bulldirw 4h and Main fmona 5701
• Locksmith
• Florists
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W L
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phona 6050
Butler To Speak At Annual Catholic Students' Retreat St Mai y’s Catholic Church in Lafayette will be the scene of the Annual Catholic Students Retreat Saturday and Sunday Father Patrick J Butlei, chaplain of St Mary’s Hospital in Fort Wayne, will act as principal speaker and retieat master Father Butler was a chaplain in the British navy during the Woild War The conferences will start again on Saturday afternoon at 1 30 and again at 7 30 p m Sunday serv ices will start with a 9 30 a m re treat mass, followed by a breakfast in the school hall
Independent Staff Meeting in PIA office Wednesday March 22, at 7 p m Important that both editorial and business staffs be present
WAA Council Meeting Thursday night, March 23 at 7 16 in WAA room of Women s Gym This meeting is very important —MERRITT
Beddoe^ Gipe Moore Musser Spoerer, Bremer McArdle Brookman Rotfila Moigan Ralston Bill Breuer Cox Husted Trueblood Walley Millei Yoder Mefford Ochiltree Yeo man Darr Geer Voelkel Apple/ate Feld Kirkpatrick Hamilton, Funsett, Houser Kolar Bass --JACOBSON
WSGA Executive Board Meeting at 7 16 p m V^ednesday March 22 in the WSGA office —LEAMING.
Pony Chorus Meeting Wednesday March 23 in Union ballroom and Thursday March 24 at 4 p m in Eliza Fowler Hall —GIBBS
Tau Beta Pi Important meeting in room F of the Union at 6 80 p m Wednesday March 22 before the dinner —SMITH
Purdue Peace Committee Meeting Wednesday March 22 at 7 30 p m at 443 State Street —HOLLINGSWORTH Weight Lifters All those interested in a Weight Lifting Club be sure to see the sports carnival Thursday March 23 A meet ing will be held Saturday Maich 26 at I o clock in the sub basement of the Fieldhouse —CLEVETT
Eta Kappa Nu Pledging meeting Thurs day March 23 at 7 30 p m in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building —KECK Airplane Club Anyone having suggestions for the name or insignia of the new model airplane club please submit them to me (3 23) —HRUBY
Gold Peppers Compulsory meeting Thursday March 23 at 7 16 p m in the WSGA office Please be prompt. —COOLEY Military Seniors The following students will have their pictures made by Hinea’s Studio immediately Camp Eckstein, Kantz, Marks Tearny and Tryon All seniors will select the proof to be used in the class picture by Saturday March 26 —PICKERING
Freshman Engineering Students Civil Engineering Camp announcement bulletins for 1939 may be obtained in room 102, Civil Engineering Building (3 26) LOMMEL
WAA Play Day week at 6 p m (3 26)
Piactice every day this —FRASER
Freshman Fencers Garmoe Major Guy Cl Ely Clement Bremmerman Hopte Huff Partridge Stonebic repoit for fencing tour namcnt Wednesday March 22 at 4 p m —STEPATH
Class Basketball Teams Practice Tuesday and Wednesday Maich 21 and 22 at 4 p m in the Women s Gym Two practices resuired —REIMAN
Geology 5 Ihe examination for removal of conditions in Geology 6 will be given Saturday March 26 from 1-4 p m. in room 207 Heavilon Hall All those who plan to take the examination see me before Wednesday March 22 —SERVISS
WAA Bowling All gills interested in a WAA bodling tournament call or sign up in the gym " (3 26) —DOBSON
Scrivener Last meeting before vacation next Sunday March 26 at 7 46 p m Room will be announced in the Exponent at a latei date Guests coming Bring manu scripts —JUSTIN
AIME Meeting Wednesday March 22 at 7 30 p m in loom 264 Electrical Engl neering Building —LOWN Debris Freshmen editoiial staff meet at 4pm Wednesday March 22 in the workshop —WINTER
Gimlet Important business meeting Wednesday March 22 at 6 46 p m at Kappa Sigma house Selection of pledges All membeis are uiged to attend —SWAN
Outing Club Breakfast hike to the WAA cabin will be Sunday Maich 26 Meet in front of WRH South All those wishing to go call Mona Balcom 2430 before Saturday March 26 —BALCOM
Reamer Pledges No singing Wednesday Maich 22 —BACH\RACH
Silver Mask Meeting Wednesday March 22 at '■ 30 p m in room A of the Union —MI lER
TYPEWRITERS all makes standard and portable sold purchased rented and repaired New poi table machines as low as $29 76 Supplies C F Ebershoff 606 Main street.
PASSENGERS—Wanted to Boston and lelurn during Spiing vacation Call Reeves at 6021
ROOMS FOR RENT
FOR RENT—Two nicely furnished stu dent rooms in bi rroundings that are con ducive to study 254 Lincoln St West La fayette Phone 71681
NEW 8 Tube Radio eight inch speaker J M Laundei Phone 6290
LOST AND FOUND LEFT at Ed icational building United States Pharmacol oeia Rewai d E Hart man 5Yo4
Activities Bureau the loliowing changes have been made in committees Please re port to your new junior offifcer Wednes dav March 22 at 4 p m Joigeson Ells Hoovers Pabst Hays Lemon Rhodenhamel Siljandei Stewart DeWitt Dimmich Enlow Gunkel Hed deiich Carl Lutz Good Kutz Margolis Rags dak Chambers Andrew Shaw Bailow
Purdue Engineer There will be a meet ing of all men on the freshman and sopho more staffs on Wednesday March 22 at 7 30 p m m the Engineer Office A full attendance is expected —SQUIRES
Conditions in CE 21 The examination for removal of C grade in CE 21 will bo given in room 301 Civil Engineering Building from 1 to 4 p m Saturday, March 26 Please consult me at once (8 22) —SONESON
Lambda Kappa Special business meeting Thursday Maich 23 at 4 15 p m m room F of the Union Important plans for next week s party will be discussed —OTT
CE 59 Conditions Examination for the removal of ‘ C” grades will be ^iven Saturday, April 16 at 1 p m in room 201 of the CE Building (3-24) —WILEY
Lady from Barrow
A winsome young lady from Barrow Hated ties that were stringy and narrow, Gut she’d fall for the gents Who showed thrift and good sense And always wore neckwear by Arrotv
y
ARROW TIES ARE SMART SEE THIS WEEK’S POST
/
T-r
WHO SAYS THE emeus IS DEAD? Killed by union warfare? De pression? Not yeti Cats and Kinkers brings you the story and two pages of circus photo graphs in natural color A NEW MYSTERY NOVEL Colonel Primrose investigates a case of automatic murder m False to Any Man, by Leslie Ford Sec ond of six installments SMALL-TOWN BANKER John M Gale has never failed to pay a check with real money, never once foreclosed a mortgage' Jesse Rainsford Sprague tells you about him ALSO* Short stories by T S Stnbhng, Donald Hough, and Margaret Weymouth Jackson Garet Garrett reports what happened when labor locked horns with West Coast farmers (see Whose Law and Order"^) . serials, editorials, fun and cartoons
in
When you want to finH ’ something von signed on a shin •’oy way round H wild notmn o/ the on of meeting thf^ Peror of Russia . If vo„ ^ something different,nZi stones, here>r.y nere s one you’ll enjoy. TomWhpple, the Acorn (he Emperor of Russia WALTER D.^EDM0NDS
i
tellig touullll 1/ Ht CAM SM^
,.he’s allergic to beautte ■ a beauty,” they "TnoUhe
2rmSe-:seenlo«o,gauS«J»>^^ , ^‘’“‘aSwSeaSwoue Atnodetu—.
ofrules-and ,
Sweet Talk,
Magicians would ’ ^ Sd'“a (greatest™’“"aaSon of It s All TS ““'Seep,
Morel