\
IM
This Nswsfktper' Is Published Each Morning By, and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
WEDHESDAlr Febntory 2, 1928 Xuftlayette# Indialia VOL. 49 flo. 100
Frosh Stampede Polls In First Day Of Election Opening day of registration saw approximately 376 freshmen from _ all schools of the University eagerly scrawl the proverbial, “X” beside thei^ choices for Senate berths to help decide which of the 41 candidates should receive the 10 coveted jobs. Engineers led with 230 votes cast, and the HE’s followed in second place, while the Ags managed to stuff 46 ballots in the slot to win third position. Some 36 science students and 13 PE and Pharmacy frosh expressed their opinions on the ballot. From the 10 freshman senators t6 be chosen will be six engineers, one ag, one home ec, and one from the combined schools of pharmacy and physical education. Ballots will be supplied to each voter upon presentation of his passport at the Senate booth at the south door of the Armory. Army Authorizes Increase In Air Corps Reserve The Army has been authorized to increase the number of students undergoing training at the Air Corp Training Center, Randolph Field, Tex., Captain B. F. Hayford, of the University ROTC instructional staff announced yesterday. Any unmarried United States citizen between 20 and 27 years of age who has completed one-half or more of the academic work required for a degree, and who is of excellent character and health is eligible to make application. Appointments are in no way restricted to ROTC members. 12 Months Course The course includes eight months of primary and four months of advanced training, dealing with subjects in navigation, meteorology, and radio. The primary course includes approximately 188 hours in the air while hours in the air during the advanced course total about 135. During instruction the flying cadets are paid $76.00 per month plus uniforms, equipment, barracks, and an allowance for meals. Upon successful completion of the course the flying cadet is discharged as an airplane pilot and is given a commission as second lieutenant in the Air Corps Reserve. If appropriations permit, gx’aduates are given from three to five years active duty in the Regular Army. The military department has ad; ditional information as well as the necessary, application blanks and will assist anyone desiring to make application. WBAA Offers Programs Based On Ag Problems Each Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, during February, from 12 noon to 12:16, various persons active in agricultural research will discuss the agricultural problems of rural folks over WBAA. Various discussions containing information from “Keeping Down the Fuel Costs” to “Facts About the Creamery Testers License Law,” will constitute the programs. All Exponent Editorial Workers Meet Tonight ' Managing Editor J. E. Brock, of the Exponent, has called a meeting of all male editorial staff workers— freshmen, sophomores, juniors, and seniors—^to be held in the east side office tonight at 7:30. After the schedules for the coming semester have been arranged ice cream and doughnuts will be served. This afternoon at 5 o’clock is the deadline for prospective workers to see Birock*, Freshmen who wiah to continue Work bn the paper nmst see Brock before this time also.
Sally Previews *38 Debris
“Lookee here,” chirped Sally Jean Winter as she spied her auntie’s picture in the 1938 Debris dummy. Sally, who is the three-year-old niece of Petie Light, Debris co-ed editor, visited the Debris office the other day and put Editor Ehinger throug a stiff third degree about the machinery connected with putting out a yg^rbook. ‘What’s a dummy?” Sally asked the Ed. “That’s what I paste proof pictures in,” Ed Ehinger replied. “What’re proof pictures?” she wanted to know. “Why, they’re samples of the pictures which will be put in the book which are sent to us by the engravers.” Then Sally wanted to see the dummy. “But it isn’t anything like my paper-doll scrapbook,” she objected after flipping through the first few pages, “and I paste pictures in that.” Soon she s.iied her auntie’s picture, and the Debris photographer (always on the job) snapped his shutter and the picture above resulted. Then Sally cornered Art Siebenthal, Debris business manager, and grilW him. She was mystified by his adding machine. “What do you use this for?” she wanted to know. “I total up the sales of books on that,” he explained. “How many have you sold?” she asked. “We’ve sold nearly 2,000. There are just a few more left at $4.50 and then the price will go up to $5. March 15 will be the last chance to buy a book,” he concluded. That seemed to satisfy her and after giving the office a final onceover she was ready to go. Looking back over her shoulder at Ed Ehinger she asked, “When can I get MY Debris?” “The books will be out about April 20,” he replied, “and you’ll be one of the first to get a copy.” *38 Debris Hails Purdue As A World Institution
Corps To Form As Two Provisional Brigades During Second Semester
By Jim McKee Copper-bronze and mai'oon . . . 2,000 pictures ... 4,000 faces ... new sections . . . campus life at its best .... beauties . . . athletes . . . faculty . . . “Purdue—^A World Institution” ... 30% increase in quantity of engraving . . . larger index . . . the 1938 Debris! “Chuck” Ehinger’s 1938 Debris promises to be one of the best books in years, as verified by the faculty' advisors. 4,000 Faces It will be a larger book than recent years containing between 1,750 and 2,000 pictures, and almost 4,000 individual Purdue faces. Done in copper-bronze and maroon, the book will carry the idea of “Purdue—A World Institution.” Every featu/e of the book will point to this idea.’ Two interesting features of the
book are the aviation section and the four pages of intramural sports. Included in the aviation section will be group pictures of the Glider Club and the Plying Club, with shots of the airport. Memorial To Amelia Thei’e is to be also a special section dealing with Amelia Earhart, including a memorial. The four beauties, chosen early the past fall, each will be shown on one page in full length pictures. Opposite the page will be a print of an artist’s conception of the girl. The snaps this year are appearing in chronological order. They cover the greater part of student and campus life. Junior Prom, itlilitary Ball, Sophomore Cotillion, Inter-Fraternity President’s Ball, Women’s Pan-Hel-(Continued on page 4)
Will Prophet Groundhog See His Shadow? By L. S. Hardin Will the sun shine today ? Will Old Sol succeed in breaking through the blue haze which hangs heavily over the campus as hundreds flock to the Armory-, for second semester registration ? If he does, if Old Sol breaks through the screen long enough to warm the off-side of our furried weather prophet Mr. Groundhog, we are sunk. That is, all will be off if you are eagerly anticipating that season when young men’s fancies lightly turn to thoughts of ... If Prophet Groundhog sees his shadow, spring cannot come for six weeks. Long-whiskered winter will be destined,to stick around until the 16th of March. Indians Start Idea Just why this burrowing rodent is endowed with, such superhuman powers of prediction may date back to the ideas handed down by the American Indian. Calendars have long carried the inscription. Groundhog Day, in the space provided for February 2 and with this observation has gone the tradition, “If he sees his shadow, we will have six more weeks of winter.” In some sections of the country Mr. Groundhog becomes the woodchuck, but always he remains the weather prophet infallible. 'Book Exchange A Success'-Buckles 'After having received books on Monday, the Student Book Exchange, opened for business yesterday morning at 11 o’clock. According to Bob Buckles, publicity director fon the enterprise, the undertaking has proved to be a success. He said that at least 700 students have done business with the exchange. Since the opening of the exchange Monday afternoon 888 books valued at $1,422.46 have been received. Of this amount only $150.10 has been claimed. Money for books sold by the exchange may be claimed within an hour after sale. Buckles said last night there was a great shortage of most of the technical engineering text books, and books of the social sciences were quite numerous. Ward Stallings, director of the exchange, suggested that books of the following courses would be of particular value. ME 30, ME'31, AM 1 or 2, EE 4, EE 5, EE 6, EE 7, EE 19 or 20, Eng. 14, AH 25, Ec. 12, Hort. 21, Farm Mgt. all four courses, Math 2, Math 3 and 4, CE 61, ChE 137, GE 103, GE 110, DH 1.
Apptearing- as two provisional brigades, the University Reserve Officers Training Corps will be divided for the first time this semester. The First Provisional Brigade will meet on Thursday, and will consist of the first and second regiments. Meeting Tuesday at 11 o’clock, the third and fourth regiments will make up the Second Provisional Brigade. Each brigade
will have ^ complete staff. Cadet-Colonel W. C. Musham will command the First Brigade, and Ca-def-Colonel R. O. Wickersham, who was brigade executive last semester, will command the Second Brigade. Cadet-Colonels D. D. Baals, J. R. Murray, W. H. Barry, and S. C. Williams will command the first second, third, and fourth regiments,
respectively.
Occasionally the two Provisional Brigades will be combined under the command of Musham as senior colonel. National Inspection, which falls on or about May 12, will see this type of formation. Byxton To Conduct Extension Courses For Plant Foremen Prof. G. F. Buxton, of the engineering extension department, will conduct foremanship training classes during the coming semester, in Indianapolis, M h r i o n, Kokomo, Richmond, Muncie, Hammond, and East Chicago, it was announced re-
cently.
Buxton has conducted these foremanship classes for the last 14 years and more than 11,000 factbry and other foremen have been enrolled. This coming semester he will visit each of the aforementioned cities weekly in his work of training factory foremen. Teaches In 100 Cities In the period of time that Buxton has been connected with the work, he has taught in more than 100 cities and towns and in all of the CCC camps. Among the scores of subjects that he has taught are such topics as “Producing Goods Economically,” “Maintaining Standards of Workmanship,” “A Foreman’s Control of Manufacturing Hazards,” and “Control of Production Facilities.” 197 Enroll For Short Course In Agruultuce Students from as widely separated sections of the country as New York and Arizona are among the 197 men and women em’olled in the School of Agriculture’s eight week winter course. This figure represents'the largest registration in the history of the winter course. Seventy-four counties in Indiana are represented, and 21 students are from out of the
state.
Eight are from Ohio, foui’ from Illinois, two from New York, and the states of Arizona, Colorado, Connecticut, Kansas, Kentucky, South Carolina, and Texas each have one representative.
Scribe Reviews First Semester Happenings
By Sally McKee ^ Two thousand and seventy freshmen orient September 11. . . . Nobe Kizer goes on year’s leave of absence because of ill health. . . . Elward acting coach. . . . New ROTC commandant Lieut. Col. C. S. Blakely.... 68 in Senate elections at registration. . . New “passports” will admit students to convos, games, health service.... Over 6,000 registrants break all previous records for that ordeal. . . . Musham named cadet teolonel. . , . Smiley signs for first Debris. . . . Date bureau at work for freshman co-eds... . Fowler Hall remodeling for theatrical purposes. . . . September 21 and Senate opens “No Smoking” controversy. . . . Senate elections end in ties. . . . Senior co-eds adopt cord skirt. ... Butler-Purdue game
at hand, no derbies.. . . Last minute arrival of derbies for 33-7 win over Butler. . . . Cord Day plaque winner undecided, four schools claim 100 per cent attendance. . . . Prexy Announces Holiday Prexy announces Indiana game holiday, hoorah. . . . Union adopts eligibility^ requirements for junior vice-presidents. . . . Counsellor program continues through semester. . . . Auditions for Purdue Pontiac Varsity Show. . . . Senate elections to break ties, Fay Pendergrrass and R. L. Reiley win. ... Tickets available for Pontiac show. . . . 176 register for co-ed rush. .. . H. F' ed reported wearing pink powder pWf on pot. . . . Ohio State downs Purdue, 13-0. . . . “Rush” teas.... Kappas and Thetas deprived of rush, dinner for vioJatipn
of rules. . . . Three Varsity Show performances in gym as final one goes out over NBC wires. . . . One hundred twenty-five co-eds pledge to six sororities.. .. 2,000 attend Homecoming as Purdue wins from Carnegie Tech, 7-0, co-eds wear new cords, nine Iron Key men announced. Phi Gams win fraternity decoration contest. . . . Rethberg and Pinza give musical convo for 1,700. . . . Four petition for WSGA frosh representatives. . . . Reamers pledge 11. . . . Peg^y Terstegge and Doris Game win at freshman “co-edislature” election. . . . Debris sittings. . . . Northwestern wins on break, 14-7. ... Co-eds excused from classes for conference. . . . Slye, Snyder, McHale, and Stephenson start WSGA' conference, seventeen group meetings,,750 he’hr
Judge Florence Allen at banquet Two new Ag buildings announced. . . . Clean-up restaurant campaign by Exponent and Health Service Jim Shoemaker most eligible bachelor at Gold Digger dance.... Debris elects D. H. Meissner to junior business staff. . . . Smoking sanctioned by trustees for one year. . .. Smedley D. Butler at convo, War Is a Racket. . . . Student directories ready October 20.... McKee Wins Lodde Contest Myra McKee wins Lodde contest. . . . Autographed pigskin given by Reamers at pep session. . . . Dad’s day, Iowa 0, Purdue IS. . . . Open campaigning for Prom elections.... Hort show..,. Two new Cary Halls started. ..'. Military Ball with Joe Sanders for (Continued on page 4)
35 Students Try Out For 'Of Thee I Sing' Positions
Approximately 35 students reported to the Memorial Union Building yesterday afternoon for initial tryouts for positions in the forthcoming all-campus musical production, “Of Thee I Sing.” Each student tried out in all phases or measui’es of acting ability, reporting for musical, dramatic, and dancing
trials.
Due to the large number of students needed to make the cast complete, production officials are urging more potential actors to report for today’s tryouts. 'Trials will start prompjtly at 9 o’clock this morning and will start promptly at 9 o’clock and will last until 3 o’clock this aft-
ernoon.
Three Hearing Committees As was the case yesterday, Betty Jo and Rufina Sexton will direct the dancing trials. Musical Director A. P. Stewart will hear all musical tryouts, and Drama Director H. Kenn Carmichael will supervise the dramatic trials. On completion of tryouts tonight, the complete cast of 45 persons will be chosen. Student directors will take over at once and production will be under way. Need No Special Talent Although it is necessary for each person trying out to appear before all three committees for selection, one need not possess special ability in all lines to secure a part. Both the size of the cast and the variety of principal leads will permit the selection of persons talented in but
one field.
Those desiring to try out should report to the second floor desk at the foot of the stairs to the tower room of the Memorial Union Building for registration. From there students will be directed to the various rooms being used fUr trials. Co-eds reporting for dancing trials
should bring shorts.
Planners To Hear Elliott, Townsend Drafted to provide topics of in-
terest to city, county, and state planning boards and commissions, mayors, city administrators, town boards, city and county engineers, county commissioners, chambers of commerce, service clubs and other individuals or groups interested in planning, the program for the Indiana State-Wide Planning Confer-
ence will open here February 16. , Following registration at 9 a. m.
in the Memorial Union Building, the conference will hear Dean of Engineering A. A. Potter, Prof. George E. Lommel of the school of civil engineering and state planning board chairman John W. Wheeler, at the morning session. At the informal dinner to be held in the Union ballroom that evening. Dr. E. C, Elliott, and the Honorable M. Clifford Townsend are scheduled to speak.
This conference, the first of its
kind ever held in the state, is being called with the idea of putting into more effective operation the planning law which was adopted by the 1935 legislature, the law creating the state board and authoi^izing the formation of county planning
boards.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for the State; Cloudy and wanner today. Rain tonight and tomorrow. Local Temperatures; Low, I2j high, 32; mean, 22.>. 5?'^’ ■ ,'’i H'
■ - V ",v ^ ^ ■■;
THE FOBDUE EXPONm
:;Wednesda3r*:-Fieibi^<i)i^,Jk,i93i'
Registration... finals, grades, professors, and courses have relegated Indiana weather to fourth or fifth place standing as a general subject for discussion during the past three weeks. Current leader in topic popularity is of course the registration maze . . . and griping is the theme gong*. Uiilike the weather, though, somebody frequently does something about registration, and so the system has evolved until it now pushes through 6,000 students in two days ... out they come tagged, scheduled, routed, and dispatched for a four months’ educational processing check-ups will follow at frequent intervals, and the finished products will go into the inspection rooms at the end of May. Officially designed as Observer for Improvements, ME Prof. Dave Clark was on hand at the Armory all yesterday morning, casting critical eyes over the registration scene . . . and not without a certain gleam of Satisfaction. Said Observer Clark, “Things seem to be moving along more smoothly this time than ever before.” Some of the gripers are justified in their complaints ... probably more of them are just chronic fault-finders and pick on the most available target. Some of their registration ailments could be prevented by a little more thinking and planning on their part. Transfer students, we think, are less prone to pick on Purdue’s system . . . some of them have come from institutions where the enrolling procedure is engineered less efficiently than here. At Indiana University the student registers in one central office and then plods from building to building to sign up for his various courses. When the curtain was lifted upon the Armory yesterday morning, the actors had replaced their military uniforms with civilian clothes ... they began marching across the registration stage in a two-day act that presents an interesting picture of college life, and a, fairly accurate cross-sectional scene of University education. ■ Women are not the only clinging vines in this world. We’ve seen quite a few average and not so average students come through with good grades just because
the Purdue Exponent
tin o ^sociated ^Uejoiate^rras - HaMOM Vi/ISCONSM Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of CJongrMS of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8. 1917, authorised Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.50.' rbprbsentbd for national advertisino by National AdvertismgSemce,!ti!C. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO - Boston. - Los Angeles - San Francisco
Editor-In-CUef
Bnsiness HuMKcr.
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. — J. E. Brock Associate Editors 1—-D. Ai Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroede'r, H. I./Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor's Secretary...... Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. —J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager. -W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager.™ - M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor........ .....Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor. -..R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors — J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 5038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AIL opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Night Editor—Vance Issue Editor—Frederick Wednesday, Feb. 2, 1938
they picked out a Tau Bfete and worked him for the semester.
That period between final exams and registration may have been a scholastic recess, but after seeing the report of our grades some of us are inclined to think a more appropriate term would be “scholastic recession.”
Letters to the Editor
The Exponent Msomes no responsibility for opinions voiced herein, ear readers, we see fit to withhold any name, that name will be kept 8* atrlrt confidence. What Research Is Being Done? Dear Editor: I Rm writing to you for an answer to a problem with which I have been wrestling for some time. Whether you are the person I should come to for an answer or not, I do not know. However, I do believe that you are in a better position to find this answer than I am. In simple language the question is: “What is being done in the way of research at this University?” I know there is such an organization as the Purdue Research Foundation. I know that there are a number of research laboratories in the Chemistry Building. I know that some sort of an atom-smasher in the form of a cyclotron exists in the Physics Building; and I know that something must be taking place in the ME and EE Buildings. This is a broad field to start on, but nothing specific seems to be known by the average student. Could there be a space made in the Exponent for the treatment of this subject? If there is not sphee every' day, there mightbe some space once a week. Maybe the Purdue Engineer would be a better place for it, but I am sure that it would reach many more students through the Exponent. I hope you will find time to conside^ this letter and try to give me an answer. I thank you. Paul W; Edwards, ChE ’40.
First of a series of articles on Purdue research will be written by Associate Editor Stanback and will be published in tomorrow’s Exponent. Stanback will follow up this general treatment of the subject with stories about specialized research in the various departments. —The Editor. Pay Up, Students Dear Editor: Recently, there was made a survey of rooming houses on this side. It is a good thing to do this, as a more pleasant relation may be established betWeen students and the “landladies.”
When the inquirer was here, I forgot to give him this suggestion: When Purdue students get out into the world, they will find they have to pay their rent on time, or get out of their rooming quarters. We landladies, many of us have to pay rent in advance, and also rent on our children who are away from home or at college. Tt is known to be a general practice for Purdue students to bebehind in their rent. It would be very good business training for them to learn to arrange their budgets so that they could pay their rent on time. These things are as- important as any other study, and should come under the head of “Math,” and “Economics.” A Landlady.
By Mary Cooley The old-fashioned practice of “dunking” has been revived at Colorado University by the high price of butter. The price of a roll alone is only a nickel, but lunch counters have raised the price of rolls and butter to 10 cents. So coffee or
milk and an unbuttered roll to “dunk” is replacing the old combination, rolls and butter. * * * Bicentennial plans of the University of Pennsylvania include a $2,000,000 renovation and enlargement of the library. A collection of film records of valuable manuscripts and volumes will be available to the student delving into ancient literature. Instead of thumbing through a costly manuscript or volume. When the student asks the reference clerk for the book he seeks, he will be supplied with a roll of films. At his leisure he may read the entire book as repi’oduced by a projector in a darkened room of the library. One hundred and fifty to two hundred photographs have already been filed toward the development of the new film library. ^ i’fi “In certain high-strunk individuals under emotional or mental stress, coffee may cause heart pains,” declared Dr. Robert Louis Levy, of Columbia University. In mild doses, caffeine, which is present in the ratio of one-tenth of a gram to a cup of coffee, steps up the pulse rate, increases the flow of blood in the coronary arteries that serve the heart itself, stimulates
By Your Door Each Morning - - - The News of The Campus
Subscribe Today to The EXPONENT Local Subscription $1.75 Mail Subscription Anywhere in United States $2.25
Subscriptions Are Taken In Armory, Union, Deac^s, Sonthworth’s, or The EXPONENT Office, 312 N Fifth St., Lafayette
We hear four seniors at the Sigma Nu jerht moved into one room so they could be comfy together this last semester in school. Bailey, Markel, Hokanson and Huff or d are the guilty parties. What makes us wonder about ’em is . . . they took only two (2) desks for the room. They surely don’t plan to study. Ain’t it skandalous what one can hear about the campus ? We heard Bill Miller in the mechanical school gave some boy a “P.” Why the poor lad practically flunked. They tell us Rhynearson has a Theta Chi pin instead of a Theta Xi. So sorry . . . but after all what difference does it make about what kind of a pin she has . . . it’s a pin . . and she already has a diapiond. An(^ about the Theta Chi’s . . . they tell us that Jim Seaborg wastes ungodly amounts of time talking to Janet Pickering on the telephone. I guess that’s just the fencer in him, parrying for an opening. We understand that about threefifths of the University will register today.' You know what that means. There should be lots of applicants for the idiot’s part in the All-Uni-versity show — tryouts are going on now. We still miss Harvey Cline come
the thinking areas of the brain, and constricts the blood vessels. The heart pains caused by the action of this drug have been confused with the pains caused by heart disease. Dr. Levy explains that coffee pains are very mild; they last a comparatively long time; they are not brought on or aggravated by exercise; there is no sign of organic heart disease; and they disappear when coffee is withdrawn from the diet. * -.I: :1c :|t “If you want grace and poise and a sharper mind try fencing.” This is the advice of George Postgate, veteran fencing instructor in the department of drama at Carnegie Tech. The course is compulsory in this department because the heads declare that it removes stage fright and awkwardness. H< , * ^c * “Most men prefer grown-up words and phrases,” said Miss Marion Redd ,speech instructor at the University of Utah. Her advice to young women is: “Resist temptation. Even though the boy friends say you’re cute and cuddlesome and have a baby face, don’t talk baby talk.” She added that boys who do seem to enjoy such conversation tend to have an infantile mind—and so do the baby talkers.
i?i in
TODAY
DOUBLE FEATURE WALLABY JIM OF THE ISLANDS with GEORGE HOUSTON —Plus— THE GREAT GARRICK / with BRIAN ARERNE OLIVIA DEHAVILLAND
STARTS TOMORROW TWO FEATURES
m HUNTBI> ANITA LOlHSE'DinaiilOr^ ON THE SAME PROGRAM
THE BIG HOUSE with WALLACE BEERY CHESTER MORRIS LEWIS STONE
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Li
HI
' r
‘Have you anything to add to that ‘Ah Nuts’ statement. Senator?”
registration. Well, Thursday will bring that new leaf you’ve been planning to “turn over” for next semestei’. Going to school is not a science it’s an appliance . . . of will powei’. Doit is scarce ... we’ll pay two nice, juicy Mars passes for some good dope. Infamous Last Line—Why have the Alpha Chis changed the blue entrance light in front of their house to a red one?
By Sally McKee All of us have been confronted with the question, “Where shall we go?” after a dance, and we have all been uneasy at times as to what answer to give. Why wouldn’t we be perfectly safe in suggesting sev-
ARC
—LAST DAY— mmimMmmimmm mmmmmnumBi KNIVIUAI rilllNTa
r— and — TiHiajrl Punoh-Paektil Pramal IM-lEPEIPLr with AASWrNaw Star JOSEPH CALLEIA nORENCE RICE>1ED HEALY — aha — "WILD WEST DAYS”
era! places of different cost levels? We would. , Om’ date may then make his first choice; if he wants to spend a fortune on us he may, and if he can only get us a coke he may; we’ll enjoy it. And under no condition can he very well take us to a place that we don’t want to go to. The same advice goes to a certain extent in ordering food after you get to the restaurant, shop, or soda fountain. If it’s your first date, be moderate unless he spends a lot voluntarily. If this is a second or third date, you should know what he can give you. And to you eds, may we suggest that when a girl hesitates to order you will be doing her a service by ordering first.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT AljVERTISERS
—L.
AST DAY—
A Stase Hit in 25 Countries!... NOW THE mm HIT OF THE WORUI!
CUUDETTi
COLBERT ' CHARLES BOYER
STARTING TOMORROW JOHN BARRYMORE in “Bulldog Drummond’s Revenge” —and-— PHYLLIS BROOKS In “€ITY GIRL”
—STARTING TOMORROW—
GLADYS GEORGE PRANCHOT TONE
"LOVE IS A HEADACHE”
KSEffiO
BOB BURNS
JOELMcCREA FRANCES DEE —LAST DAY—' '■ > 'r u' 'VCfr;>.f^t''< rt'''3^'»I A' '''■'* i
ZP^h"'
, .. . A/ ,'!: ^it^j'’l!j,/ig'lllt.
i>:
Wednesday, Fobmicny 2, 1238 Netmen Resume Schedule Against Indiana, Illinois Boilermaker netmen, with finals and registration out of the way, are putting in some good licks in the way of practice. Strenuous sessions are being played in order to get everything under control before this week end when the squad will resume its Big Ten schedule, meeting Indiana Saturday night, and Illinois Monday, both games to be played here. Indiana has a none-too-impressive
nos PUSDUE EXPONENT
record so far in Big Ten competition with two wins and three losses to their credit. Iowa has licked them twice, and Northwestern nosed them 32-29 in an overtime 'battle.
out,
The fact that they are stronger than this would indicate is shown by their record of wins over both Illinois and Minnesota, last year’s co-champions. The Hoosiers are well-represented in individual scoring honors. Andres, fourth in the Big Ten point race, leads the Bloomington aggregation with 66 points. Platt has 40 points to his credit, while Huffman has 36. Purdue’s three top scorers are Young, Anderson, and Sines, who have 60, 36, and 29 points respectively. Although the Hoosiers are in the second division of the Big Ten race tied for sixth place with Ohio State, their hardwood ability is not to be trifled with. They will undoubtedly be using plenty of push and power when they come here Saturday evening in an effort to dislodge the Boilermakers from the second place berth in the Big Ten standings.
Duke university SCHOOL OF MEDICINE DURHAM, N. C. Four terms of eleven weeks are given each year. These may be taken consecutively (graduation in three and onequarter years) or three tenns may be taken each year (graduation in four years). The entrance requirements are intelligence, character and at least two years of college work, including the subjects specified for Grade A medical schools Catalogues and application forms may be obtained from the Dean.
Fencing Squad Faces Buckeye, Army Opponents With only a few days after registration to get back in shape, the fencing squad faces two strong teams this week-end. Ohio State will send their representatives here Friday night at 8 o’clock, while a squad from Chanute Field will meet the Boilermakers at 2 o’clock Saturday afternoon. The Buckeye squad may give the Gold and Black some trouble, especially if it is up to last year’s strength. Two men of their 1936-’37 squad took firsts in foil and sabre in the individual Big Ten championships. Won One Big Ten Meet So far the Purdue fencers have only had one Big Ten meet, with Illinois, which they won. Scott McWilliams, captain, has hopes of continuing on the victory path, possibly to a Big Ten championship. Next week-end the squad travels to Chicago, where it will meet Wisconsin on Friday and Northwestern on Saturday. Frankfort, 28; Jeff, 23 Aided by Jeff’s inability to hit the basket, Frankfort’s Hot Dogs defeated the Lafayette team last night 28-23. The game was played in the local gym.
Illim Forwards
The Orange and Blue’s two outstanding forwards, Lou Boudreau and Tom Nisbet, who have been playing ball together for quite’^ while.' They started out at Thornton High in Harvey, 111. Both are juniors this year, and their several years of playing together have made them a forward combination that has proven invaluable to the Illini. Purdue fans will have a chance to see them in action when Illinois comes here next Monday night.
Schedule Football Clinic For April 8-9 Purdue will hold its seventh annual football clinic here April 8-9, when over 400 high school and college coaches from Indiana and the nearby states will meet for a full two-day program of addresses, demonstrations, and round-table discussions, it was announced yesterday by Bob Woodworth, acting athletic director. Mai Elward, acting head football coach, is in charge of the program which is being planned to present practical and timely information of immediate value to the visiting mentors. Several outstanding grid coaches.
I Say Ther@:
if You've lost something - - - Found something - - - Want to sell - - - Want to huy - - - Why hesitate? Take a few minutes—go to the I Union and leave the ad at the Union desk. You'll he surprised at the quick results you'll get. It's the Purdue Exponent Classified columns that gives it to you.
PURDUE EXPONENT
CALL 5038
from Purdue and other schools, both high schools and colleges, will assist in conducting the program. Two Boilermaker elevens will stage a demonstration game as a feature of the two-day clinic.
I-M Department Swings Into Second Semester Program Of Spoils Activities
—Today— 11:00—Morning Melodies. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts. 12:16—Social Security Talk. 12:20—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Sports Review, by Bob Heine. 12:46—Wanita Wilson, soprano. 1:00—Meditations—Rev. W. R. Graham. 1:16—Melody Time. 1:30—The Monitor Views the News. 1:46—Market and Weather Reports. 2:00—Song Time. 2:16—This Week in Literature, A. R. Rolfs. 2:30—Parents Forum. 2:46—Hymn Echoes, Mrs. Ir-
Candidates For FM Manager Meet Tomorrow At 4 Freshmen who are interested in trying out for the position of intramural manager will meet in the intramui'al office tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock. Herb Boyer, intramural manager, urges all organized freshmen interested in this work to attend the meeting. The duties of the freshmen will be to assist “Chief” Clevett and his staff conduct the intramural sports program. They will be expected to report to the intramural office at 4 o’clock each week-day afternoon. Sophomores Elected At the end of this semester two sophomore assistant managers and one alternate manager will be chosen from the group. One of these assistant managers will be elected intramural manager at the end of his sophomore year. The selection of managers will be made by M. L. “Chief” Clevett, Miss Mary Leadbetter, and intramural manager H. C. Boyer, purely on the basis of merit. Intramural workers are well rewarded for their labors. Awards are intramural sweaters to assistants at the end of their freshman year, a trip to the Big Ten Athletic Conference in Chicago during the sophomore year, and a “P” sweater to the manager in his junior year.
vin Jackson. 3:00—^The Home Decorator. 3:16—The American Scene. 3:30—Music with the Masters 4:00—The Story Book Hour. 4:16—Marjorie Starrett, soprano. 4:30—Basketball Previews.
Classified Ads
Have you something to buy, sell or find ? If so, you need no longer travel all the way over to the Exponent office in Lafayette. Anyone wishing to place a classified ad may now do so at the desk in the Memorial Union Building.
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
We Pay 40% CASH
for
Second Hand Books Every Day H.G.(Deac)Reisner Bookstore Everything for a College Education
After more than two weeks of inactivity the intramural department will swing into stride torabrrow, getting under way with its sports program that was interrupted by finals. Foremost among the events to be resumed is interfratemity basketball. Most of the preliminary games have been played, so that interest will be focused on the finals of class A play. Badminton, Squash Start Soon Interfraternity badminton and squash are slated to start on February 14. Competition in both the sports will be run simultaneously, so that it will not be possible for one man to participate in both games. The badminton competition will be of the nature of a doubles tourney, each fraternity entering one twoman team. The department will furnish the racquets, but each team must supply its own shuttlecock. 'Two Squash Tourneys Squash competition will be divided into two divisions—class A and class B tourneys. Each fraternity may enter two men, the better of the two participating in the class A group and the other in class B. Riflery, one of the newest sports on the intramural calendar, will have its chance late in March when an interfratemity meet will be held.
—Today— Second Semester Registration: Resumes at 8 a. m. today in the Armory. Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council: Will meet in room F of the Union at 4:30 p. m. Horticulturjd Club: Meeting in room 202 of the Horticulture Building at 7 p. m. Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting in room F of Union Building at 7 p. m. New Testament Class: Meets in room C of the Union Building at 7 p. m. Religious Council: Meeting in room A of the Union Building at 7 p. m. Lecture by Professor Hall: Will be given in the faculty room of the Union Building at 8 p. m. Topic to be discussed is “Conservation Study Group.” —^Tomorrow— Second Semester Classes Begin At 8 a. m. Winter Course Society: Meeting in assembly room of Ag Hall at 6:46 p. m. Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting in room A of the Union Building at 7 p.m. Employment Lecture: Dr. J. E. Walters will speak fai room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building at 7 p. m. Lafayette Music Society: Program in the music room of the Union Building at 8 p. m. Concert pianist will play. —Friday— Purdue Women’s Club; Drama section meeting in the faculty lounge of the Union Building at 2:30 p. m. Cosmopolitan Club; Meeting room C of the Union Building at 7 p. m. PIA Rehearsal: In tower room of the Union Building at 7 p. m. Miami Triad: Dance in Union ballroom at 9 p. m. ^ —Saturday— Debate: Marquette vs. Purdue in faculty lounge at 7:30 p. m. Basketball: Indiana Vs. Purdue in the Fieldhouse at 7:30 p. m. Mixer: In Union Ballroom at 9 p.m. Exponent Work Sdiedule Wednesday night, February 2— Schroeder, night editor; Stanback, stooge; Terrio, issue editor; Woodson, proof; Torrence and Kroeplin workers.
Sports Staff All present and prospective workers on the sports staff of the Exponent wiU meet in the main office, 312 North Fifth street, Lafayette, Thursday evening, February 3, at 7:30 p. m. to arrange schedules and discuss problems pertinent to the sports staff. This call indudmi all freshmen, sopl^ores, juniors and seniors. J-E. Brock, Manat iac Bditar.i ■
§: ¥
i' i'.
‘5*-
THE FtlBDUE EXPONENT
W«dne{idciy» Pfebroary 2» 1938
aim
Stribe Reviews - -
(Continued from page 1)
650. . . . Don Cossacks for packed gym convo. . . . Inspection trips. . . . Fordham 21, Purdue 3. . . . Croft wins Hanley contest. ... Wisconsin, Purdue tie 7 to 7. . . . Square Deal, Bona Fide, and All Campus Prom parties spring up. . . . Bucket conies back, 13 to 7. . . . Humphrey, Mihal co-captains for 1938.... J. B. Priestly at convo. . . . Gibson prexy of Green Potters. ... No Thanksgiving holiday. . . . Black and Tan Fantasy. .. . Rev. A. B. Coe at religious convo. . . . Hell Bent Fer Heaven, five day sellout. . . . Debate conference and Unipn convention fill Union. . . . Trfeva Berry, Virginia Hulse, Mary Petticrew, and Martha Wood chosen Debris beauties. ... Campaign on housing conditions by PI A, PSA, and Exponent. . . . Aquacade opens Fieldhouse pool, features Queen Barbara Cook. . . . Welders conference. . . . Wagnerian Singers December 9 convo. ... Indiana State game first in Fieldhouse, Purdue wins, 61-18. . .. Xavier loses, 56-32. ... All Campus party wins Prom elections. . . . Bona-Fide and All Campus split for Gala Week positions. . . . 1,200 at Christmas .convo. '. . . Bob Sasser announced as Prom chairman. . . . Gordon Enders tells of Chinese-Japanese situation. . . . Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. ... Ellen Wilkinson, Englishwoman, cancels convo. . . . Call for report of final conflicts. . . . Co-eds debate Michigan. . . . Ag conference hits new^ high with more than 7,600 attenders. . . . Purdue wins and loses in first two Big Ten tilts, Chicago 34, Purdue 50, but Illinois 51, Purdue 43. . . . Indianapolis Symphony presents concert in Fieldhouse. . . . Alpha Gamma Rho defeats Phi Kappa Sigma in finals of Mohlman debate. . . . Dyer 1938 corn champ. . . . Open Sportsmanship Drive Sportsmanship drive by Gimlet, Reamers, Exponent, SAA, and P club. ... Beard, dirt, costumes, and Exposer at Boilermaker Brawl. . . . Six point athletic program for dedication of Fieldhouse. ... 40 to 34 win over Wisconsin. ... “I’ll Marry the Actress” tryouts. ... 37-26, Northwestern defeated. ... 41 petitions for 10 Senate positions. . . . Masters for Fraternity Ball, 2 o'clock hours for co-eds. . . . Students plan book exchange. . . . “Of Thee I Sing” tryouts, all campus musical.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
'38 Debris Hails-
(Continued from page 1)
lenic Dance will be featured in the social section. Shots of Fieldhouse The athletic section will feature the new athletic plant of Purdue. There are to be new shots of the Fieldhouse and action pictures from the different pai’ts of the building. Accompanying the story of each Purdue football-game will be action pictures taken by alert Debris camamen. Check Activity Cards Editor Ehinger stresses the fact that all seniors should check their activity cards at the Debris desk at registration today. He added that each senior might get 50 senior pictures, duplicates of his picture in the Debris, for use in application letters. The set of 50 pictures will be fifty cents. Subscribe To Expo In Armory Today For the convenience of students who wish to subscribe to the Exponent for the second semester, the business staff will maintain a booth in the Armory and a table in the Union lobby to take subscriptions, today. The price for a subscription for the second semester is $1.75, if delivered by carrier, or $2 for mail subscriptions.
Local Ads
ROOMMATE WANTED—$8 per month. Call 46903 after 5 o’clock
TYPEWRITERS — Adding ma-
Order Your DEBRIS
Only a Few Left At $4.50
* the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
— Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD 3. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. BISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 Beauty Studio EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
— Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPEI®HDW. 822 MAIN — Locksmith—^ F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock service our specialty. L. C. N. Door Closer Distributors 208-211 N. 5th St, Phone 2828
chines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOR RENT—Student room, either single or double. Air-condition fui’nace, soft water bath. Call 4003 01-7936.
WANTED—Student to share roorn with senior. 718 Evergreen street. West Lafayette.
FOR RENT—One single and onehalf double room. Phone 66364. 136 Chauncey Ave.
FOR RENT—Desirable room for student. 44 N. Salisbury. Phone 41663.
STUDENT ROOM—Private entrance, continuQus hot water. 113 S. Grant. Phone 51303.
FOR RENT—Double room in a private home. Prefer girls. Phone 41102.
SINGLE ROOM—^In quiet house. 828 North Main street. Phone. 55302.
FOR RENT—Single room and a double room. Single beds. 122 Piei'ce street.
WANTED—Roommate to share a double room. Single beds. 117 Chauncey. Phone 3906.
FOR REN^: Double room' for men students. Across street from campus. 203 University.
Ro'b^MMATE WANTED—Comfortablfe. twin beda, quiet home. 2 blocks from campus. $10. 346 Sylvia. Phone 56824.
Notices N6 Notices Accepted After i p.n.
All Exponent Co-eds; Meeting Wednesday, February 2 in Union Exponent office at 4 p. m. Discuss schedules. Important —COOLEY.
Playshop Stage Crew: Work from 4 p. m. February 1 and all day February 2. —BRENMAN.
All Freshmen: Be sure to vote for your representative in the Student Senate at the
Senate voting table at the south door of the Armory before leaving registration'. —ELLIOTT.
University Orchestra: February 3, at 8 p. m. in Fowler Hall studio. —PHILLIPS. Interfraternity President’s Council: Bring financial reports to meeting February 8 at 6 p. m. at Pi Kappa Alpha house. GRAHAM. •Gamera Club; Meeting February 2 in tower room at 7-U)0 p. m. Election of new officers and vote on meeting night for next semester. Second semester fees now due. —-SAMUBLSON.
Chinese Students’ Club: There will be an Important meeting of the club February 5 in room G of the Union. - —SOO-HOO.
Concert Choir: Rehearsal, February 2 at 4 :00 p. m. Very important. —WORCESTER.
Purdue Flying Club; Second semester dues
and February ship payments due at meeting February 2, at 7 p. m. in reception room Of —DOSTAL.
WBGA Judicial Board: Meeting at 7:16 p. m. February 2, inWSGAoffice. —SLOCUM.
Riflery: Instruction in' rifle will be resumed for group 2 and those who are interested February 4 at 4 p. m., room 107 of Fieldhouse. Do not bring rifles. —HOLMES.
Silver Mask: Important meeting in fencing room of Fieldhouse February 3 at 4 p.m. —ANTUSCHKO.
Glider Club: Important meeting in room F of the Union Building, February 3 at 7 :16 p. m. —MOORE.
Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting February 2 in room F of Union Building at ’ —WELLS.
Clever dressers at Purdue depend on Crown Cleaning Service. Being well dressed is a habit—an inexpensive one when you use Crown Cleaning Regularly.
FINECLEANERS OFFINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
— Barbers
MODEL BARBER SHOP 222 No. 5th Street Lafayette “THREE GOOD BARBERS”
Furniture
Student Eanipment
3'WimiWdi Qo. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
I jiud they give me more pleasure than any I cigarette I ever smoked, j And if a man isn’t getj ting pleasure from his J cigarette he might as j well quit smoking. ' Chesterfields are milder \ ■ ... they ve got a taste that smokers like . . . they have everything to give a man ’ MORE PLEASURE,
Copjrrighc 1938, Liggett & Myeks Tobacco Co.