©lie WixrUn^ ISxpantnt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVni
LAFAYETTE^ INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, MAECH 10, 1937
NUMBEE 112
Eight Artists Compose White Hussar Group
Director Petrie Plans Distinctive Scenic Effects Eight musical artists, under the direction of Herbert Petrie, composing a symphonic and operatic ensemble known as the White Hussars, will present the final concert convocation of the school year in the Memorial Gymnasium tomorrow night at 8 o’clock. Maryn Proesel, Blanche Frye, and Homer Phillips are several names well known in musical circles associated with this group. Petrie Director Herbert Petrie, organizer and director of the White Hussars, won national fame as a solo cornetist in John Phillip Sousa’s Naval Battalion Band. Not content with presenting fine music he attempts to combine lighting, scenic, and costume effects with the instrumental artistry of the performers. Maryn Proesel, featured White Hussar harpist, comes from a family of celebi‘ated musicians. She began her study of the harp at six, and since has played under the direction pf Alberto Salvi and Carlos Salzede. She also has appeared in concert with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. Soprano solist with the Hussars is Blanch^ Elaine Frye, winner of 12 national soprano competitions in 1934. Miss Frye was soloist at English Village at the World’s Fair. She studied voice at the American Conservatory of Music and the Boguslowski College of Music. She also acts as accompanist for the Hussars. Homer Phillips is featured as a trombone soloist fpr the H|issars. His record includes a national high school trombone championship, study under Sousa’s soloist Jaraslav Cimera and engagements with many leading bands and orchestras.. He has been with the Hussars since 1934.
AN OPEN LETTER—
Undxrwood Typxwritxr Co. Xastovxr, Conn., Dxar sirs: Wx havx bxxn using Undxrwood typxwritxrs xclusivxly in thx Xxponxnt Xditorial Dxpartmxnt, and up imtil yxstxrday wxrx satisfixd with thxir pxrformancx. Howxvxr, an xxchangx was madx in machinxs yxstxrday, and I am now using thx nxw machinx, and by this timx you too, should rxalizx that it is haywirx. Aftxr much invxstigation, I havx dxcidxd that this machinx has two x’s instxad of onx x and onx ‘x’. In fact, xvxn thx capital ‘X’ is an X and not an ‘X’. This is all vxry pxrturbing to all concxrnxd, and has also causxd our linotypx opxrators no littlx concxrn. Thxy say it is hard xnough to corrxct our spxlling whxn thxrx’s only onx x and onx ‘x’ on thx copy, and that having two x’s and on ‘x’ makxs it almost impossiblx. Othxrwisx this machinx is in pxrfxct condition. I hopx that your Lafayxttx rxprxsxtativx will confxr with us immxdiatxly. . Vxry sincxrxly jmurs, THX PURDUX XXPONXNT —80“ AND aftxr thx abovx I hopx that all of you rxadxrs will forgivx thx condition ,this column finds itsxlf in . . . flxrhaps it will bx fixxd by tomonw ... —80— STUDXNTS in thx Ohio Statx Law School havx adoptxd a nxw way to kxxp awakx in class by thx USX of a lottxry systxm that dxals with thx numbxr of timxs thx profxssor usxs cxrtain word. Studxnts draw numbxrs from a hatibxforx class, and thxn sxt about to kxxp a closx chxck on thx numbvr of timxs thx chosxnc^word is usxd . . .
Blanche Elaine Fry^, soprano accompanist with the White Hussars.
Ruffles, Buttons, Braid Will Dance By Sally McKee Ten different costumes in two and a half hours. That will be the record of the co-ed pony chorus Saturday. No ed should ever have to wait on one of these fast dressers. The costumes for the show arrived only day before yesterday; so from now on the cast for “Castles In The Air” will practice much as they will appear Saturday. Midst the excitment of the arrival of the costumes, however, the “show must go on;” so as we tried to take notes on these costumes in the Union ballroom during a happy, noisy rehearsal, Jim Shoemaker issued orders to his cast of 110 members through the loudspeaker. A turquoise blue uniform with braid, braid, braid, and more braid and gold buttons; another uniform of brilliant orange trimmed in gray braid with still more gold buttons apd cording accompanied by a gray astrakhan hat; and a scarlet suit spangled with plenty of medals, braid, and buttons—^these, sirs and ladies, will be worn by three Boilermakers. Male Chorus The male pony chorus will be attired once in formal wear and once in the uniform of the Latavian soldiers—^pale khaki, long lengths of gold braid, and buttons with high black patent leather boots. On their entrance at rehearsal in these uniforms, Betty Ann Florer, dance coach, unnecessarily assumes a worried lopk, but all goes well with these future Broadway successes. Most colorful of all will be the singing chorus in ite beautiful peasant dress. Girls in hats with semicircular brims framing their faces pnd long, multicolored streamers flowing from the top, with many different bright colored printed, full skirts, pushed out by four or five petticoats, and with black velvet bodices over white blouses, will sing and dance with boys in boxy bellhop hats or turkish fezzes, pleated coat skirts, sleeves of a master of arts, and handsome embroidered girdles. Loma McLeod and Herby Wiegarttd may be worried over some of the costumes but this reporter found them most satisfying. Made At Union And those pony chorus costumes —many of them are being made at the Union for the show and were designed by “Grinuny.” Brief white suits, red jackets with short white skirts, formals of five pastel colors —^pink, blue, green, lavender, and yellow—^rows and rows of pink taffeta ruffling with blue ribbon sash and pancake hats, and a black suit with gores of white ruffles trimmed in gold braid make some of those ten costumes .
500 White-Gloved Cadets To Make Calisthenic Capers
By J. K Brock
Czechoslovakian youths do simultaneous arm swinging for Czechoslovakian audiences and American news-reel cameras. Fascist soldiers touch their toes in unison for II Duce, the Italian public, and more American news-reel cameras. At the Military Carnival, which will be h^ld on the evening
of March 17, in the University Armory, American R. 0. T. C. cadets will perform mass calisthenics for an American audience, and, perhaps, still more American news-reel cameras.
1,000 White Gloves
Approximately 1,000 white gloves will swing in perfect time to drum and cymbal commands; approximately 1000 hands within the gloves will return to position after the completion of each movement as approximately 600 of the University cadet corps’ best soldiers keep perfect rhythm in an exacting ex-
ercise.
The best efforts of the Fourth Regiment will provide a spectacle that will outshine the best efforts of Czechs or Fascisti, as American young men perform American exercises to American commands given by American officers before an American audience. Good old America!
State Passes Retirement Bill Retirement of elderly Purdue and Indiana University professors was arranged for Monday in a bill for the appropriation of $50,000 for the pension fund, passed by the state legislature. The combined faculties will match this sum with a like amount to help defray the large pension fimd. The Carnegie Foundation money will be used to pay for the overhead under this system. Another bill for appropriation of $50,000 was passed. This sum will be used for research in methods of building highways.
Freshman Posters Are On Display In Building 2 Posters which were designed by freshmen home economics students in a beginning poster project are on display in rooms 202 and 204 of Building No. 2. The posters are lettered in tempera paint or with cut colored paper. Freshmen were not restricted as to their choice of subjects.
Gold Peppers To Announce Pledges At Informal Dance Black silhouettes on a white back drop will reveal the identity of the Gold Pepper pledges at the honorary’s co-ed bid dance Friday night. The formal announcement and pledging of the junior girls who have been judged outstanding in major activities will take place at 10:30 in the Memorial Union ballroom. These girls have been chosen by the Gold Pepper actives from the complete list of junior girls, barring those with scholastic averages
under 8.6.
Senior Honorary Gold Peppers, senior honorary organized and unorganized women, was started several years ago by Mortar Board for the purpose of boosting athletics and backing all
activities.
For this annual dance, Dick Hartom and his band from the University of Illinois will play. Co-eds will wear long, informal dresses. Tickets are still on sale at $1.00 each^at the sorority houses, at the Women’s Residence Hall, and at the Memorial Union desk.
Freshmen To Hear Opportunity Talks lA an effbrt'to help freshmen sci ence students choose their electives Dr. H. H. Remmers and Professor M. G. McFarland will speak on “Occupational Opportunities in Psychology And Education” at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. This is the fourth in a series of similar lectures.
Cartooning Of Officers Amuses ' Lunching Cadets Captain E. V. Holmes, the University Military Department’s chief gun-man has a new portrait to hang above the mantle as a result of A. H. “Ace” Forster’s efforts at yesterday’s Cadet Officers’ Luncheon in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. Forster, who entertained the assembly of embryo generals by cartooning several of the better known Army officers, captured Captain Holmes in an eye-twinkling mood, and delineated his salient features in a life-like style. Music Also Dick Craig, veteran master of ceremonies, introduced the entertainers, who included besides Forster, R. R. Mock, clever pianist, and a singing trio composed of Mary Ellen Foresman,» Jeannie Beemer, and Eddie Gross.
Sigma Pi Sigma Pi announces the pledging of the following additional men: J. T. Felix, South Bend; W. J. Clark, Cleveland, O.; J. E. Dailey, Richmond; H. S. Snyder, Richmond; W. J. Meek, Richmond; and R. Cassity, Spiceland.
Mary Ed Johnston Is ^ Just A Home Girl; ’ Talk To Contrary Is Merely Publicity^ furdue’s Blond Bombshell Stars As Union Show Comedienne “I’m just a home girl,” says Mary Ed Johnston, vivacious comedienne of the Union Show. “All this talk about me is just some more of Louis Putze’s publicity!” Publicity or not, over her vehement protest. Miss Johnston is billed as ‘Purdue’s Blond Bombshell,” the spice of the Union Show. Playing Opposite Fred Ahrens as a cigarette girl, she has an answer for everything that comes her way. The gullible Ahrens is immediately smitten by her charms, and succumbs to her wiles in the second act, leaving a good half of the show for the marital bickering that mars their dom-
estic relations. From Knox
Originally from Chicago, Miss Johnston studied dancing three years, including tap, toe and acrobatic dencing. She now calls Knox her home, and it was here that she acquired most j)f her experience in dramatics. She enjoys the unique distinction of having played Uie leading lady in a play given by Culver Military Academy, excli^ively a boy’s school. Miss Johnston vigorously denies haying been enrolled at Culver, but insists that she was “imported” for her roles there in “Adios” and “The Milky
Way.”
Her voice is a husky contralto,
Cp-eds Tryout For Pageant By Beth McCool Come all ye co-eds and try out for the dancing choruses of Festival Day. _Said tryouts will be held in the Women’s Gym this afternoon at 4 o’clock and again at 6:46 o’clock. An “Old English Pageant” which will be presented on Festival Day is something new and different from the May Days of previous years. There will be many different types of dances in the pageant, and every girl should be able to find one that suits her fancy. 100 Openings Floy Crepps, chairman of dancing urges everyone to come and show her skill. There are places open for about one hundred girls and they will be chosen by a student-faculty committee. While the dances are not difficult, it will be considered quite an honor to be a member of the chorus—so said Floy Crepps in an interview last night. As a part of the Festival Day program the May Queen will be crowned and the members of her court presented. The day of days is May 8. Don’t forget, girls, try outs will be at 4 o’clock and 6:45 this evening.
Expense Ptdd Trip To New York City Is Prize in Essay Contest Sightseeing in New York City with all expenses paid, plus a total of $1,000 in cash prizes, are the rewards offered to university students for writing essays on “How Advertising Benefits The Consumer” for a competition sponsored by Advertising Age, national newspaper of advertising. Essays are limited to 1,000 words and must be mailed before midnight, May 1, 1937, to be eligible. The first prize will be $260 in cash plus the all expense trip to New York City. Second prize will be $100, third prize, $60. Complete details of the competition may be secured from the Contest Secretary, 100 E. Ohio street, Chicago, HI.
already familiar from “Black And Tan Fantasy,” a Union production of last autumn. Though in her first year in Purdue, Miss Johnston has been active in numerous campus affairs, chiefly dramatics. One of her special numbers in “Castles In The Air” is an interpretative dance, culminating in her collapse on the stage as a weird Latavian legend is
told.
Miss Johnston likes singing, movies, and motor boating. She rode a surfboard once, she says, but never again. As to W boy friends, she
refused to be quoted.
Discussion Group To Hear Morgan Prof. C. L. Morgan of the department of education, will address an open discussion of the Purdue Student Alliance group tonight at 7:30 in the faculty lounge qf the Memorial Union Building, and will speak upon “War Time Psychology.” Following Prof. Morgan’s presentation there will be a question period.
Phi Sigma Kappa Phi Sigma Kappa fraternity announces the election of the follow ing officers: president, O. W. of Winchester; vice-president, C, E Mangas, Michigan City; secretary. F. M. Crosby, of Roachdale; treasu^r, B. L, Forkner, of Hartford City; auditor, 0. H. Seufferle, of Cincinnati, 0.; and conductor, C F. Harvey, of Princeton.
Union Show Ticket Sale Opens Today Reserved Seat Tickets Still UncaUed For WiB Be Sold Tickets for “Castles In The Air,” Student Union production, go on sale at the Mars Theater box office at 12:30 o’clock today, L. E. Putze, Union vice-president and publicity agent for the show, announced last night. Although the best seats for the evening performance of the show have been reserved, Putze said that those tickets for reserved seats which have not been called for will be placed on sale today. Matinee Seats Left Good seats for the matinee showing are still available. Matinee prices are 50 cents for the main floor and 36 cents for the mezzanine. For the evening performance, main floor tickets are 75 cents, with the rear seats of the main floor and of the mezzanine at 50 cents. Balcony seats are 36 cents. Tickets for “Castles In The Air” may also be purchased at Deae’s, and Southworth’s on the West Side and at Kienly’s drug store and McLean’s music store in Lafayette. No mixer will be held Saturday night because of the show.
Theta Tau^ Purdue Engineer Sponsor Handbook Awards Engineering handbook awards are being offered by Theta Tau fraternity in cooperation with the editorial staff of the Purdue &igineer for the two best airUcles published in the Engineer. The competition is open until May 1. Any University student is eligible to enter the contest with any article written by himself. The article must be submitted to the Engineer office for a preliminary judging in order to determine whether the article is suitable for publication in that magazine. It is absolutely necessary that the article be printed for it to be considered in the contest.
The judges for this contest will be: Prof. D. D. Ewing, Prof. W. B. Sanders, Prof. H. R. Solberg, Prof. G. P. Springer, and F. W. Bryant, production manager of the Ross Gear and Tool Company. The first prize will be any engineering handbook costing approximately seven dollars. The second prize will be any handbook costing approximately four dollars.
Pat Clinton’s Band Will Play At Policemen’s Ball The West Lafayette Police Department is sponsoring a benefit dance tonight at Lincoln Lodge, 9 to 12 o’clock. Pat Clinton and his campim band will play for the dance which is being held to get the necs essary funds for departmental equipment. 'Tickets priced at a dollar may be purchased from any member of the police force. The general public is invited to attend this benefit dance.
Gloiidy And Warmer ByTenpy Hm SsiMHUnt WMthtt MwtM
Woe is me! Monday night I was souhd asleep on top of a tomato can when an earthquake tipped me and the can over. I was hurtled off the shelf and clipped my tail on a can opener on the way down. Td top it all, I landed in the sink that wtm half full of dmh water! The boss thought I had somethlag* to do with the earthquake, so he rushed downstairs and pcffied me out of the sink. He told me I wap aU wet and when he saw the condU tion of my tail, he said it would he a cold day before I get my lobbied again. FU still be miemployed toni^bb because today will be cloudy but not 80 cold. Ab, woe ti met
-I MWla -' i;;;:
I '■
I y li ' >'> ’!• ] (Wap?fA' ‘5p''f’!;»‘’^'^|'<
fp ,'
PiMW t*wo
THE PUttDtJiS jEj^TO
(Ttie Pnrbue exponent
VMirfcd In IMS
•I
gtoaocitttgd €foU<flittte ^reas
^!934 MADtSOM
1935^ VASCONSm
RKPRCSBNTCO FOR NATIONAL A.DVKBTIBINa BY National Advertising Service, Inc. Cotteft Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N.Y. CHICAOO • BOSTON . SAN FRANCISCO LOS ANQELES • PORTLAND SEATTLE
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indian^ Delivered^by kail, SS.SO per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by a single copy, 2 cents.
Business Phone 5038
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 5037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
editorial board of control R. J. Hulse, chairman ; 'ilelen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF
Managing EMitor — — Associate Editors. ..K, A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion', C. ^ Mdler Sophomore Assistants W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J.R. Clark
L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance
E. H. Kellogg, K. E. O’Neil
Bold and Black Editor - — J- C. Ohaver
E. H. Morris
BUSINESS STAFF « t « i Business Manager. ....:.. — — 'f ’ ii National Advertising Manager.. — Local Advertising Manager...., » „ •, Circulation Manager — J. P. Girard
Editor.... Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF , ^ ^ L. D. Wood I.....1..........W. H. Fifieid, S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
Editor , Associate Editors Advertising Manager...
WOMEN’S STAFF , „ Helen Creech _ Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke ............ Betty Barnett.
Infamous First Line. mentioned “SPRING” .
who ever
SOME SAY YES ... and some say no . . . anyway MARY ^RANGES MARKLE and BUD SKINNER were acting the part at the Chi 0 State Dance . . . she was wearing a diamond, and one of the plain variety on the proper hamS^ . . . of course it was of the dime, store variety . . . my guess is that they aren’t. .. but what is my opinion against the rest ... Yours very truly browsed around at the UNION SHOW rehearsal on Tuesday eve, and the following is what he saw . . . “CASTLES IN THE AIR” ... the bouncer, or doormen to you . . . try and get by them ... Native costumes ... gaudy uniforms . . . JIM SHOEMAKER
Issue Editor—D. A. Bailey
Hours Of‘P’Don’t Count Towards Graduation Every student should take a scholastic inventory before March 20, the deadline for cancelling courses without grade, with an eye toward determining his standing in each part of his curriculum. During the fever of registration, some students sign up unnecessarily heavy schedules, and when warm spring days roll around they encounter difficulty in maintaining the studious zeal that prompted them to schedule that extra elective. Relief is availed by calling oh the head of the school and on the head of the department under which the course is being taken. Other students may make bad starts in courses where the semester grade is determined partly by an average of the grades during the semester; desiring to keep up good scholastic averages, these students may also decide to drop a course. In most cases it is advisable to confer with the instructor to find out the method by which the final grade for the course is computed, and to get the instructor’s view on the advisability of canceling the subject. The increase in the size of classes this year has caused instructors to become more liberal in recommending cancellations.—^R. P. M.
Bold and Black—Any Juniors interested writing Bold and Black for next year report to room C of the Memorial Union Building at 4 :16 March 10. —OHAVER. Phi Lambda Upsilon-r-Pledging at the Delta Tail Delta House March 12 at 7:30 p. m. —BROWN.
W. A. A. Basketball Practice—Those who wish to participate in class games must attend practices, on March 9 and 10 at 4 p. m. ■ —SHAFFER, Skull and Crescent—All members please let me know on or before March, 11 whether or not ‘you plan to attend the banquet on the night of the Cotillion. —MEIER.
Y. W. C. A.;—The date for payment of dues With voting privileges has been extended until 5 p. m. March 11. —JONES.
Independents—Tryouts for Skit Shop’s next play will be held March 9 at 7 :30 p. m. in room A of the Memorial Union Building. The play, “Lady And The Law,” will be produced Sunday, March 21. —WHI'TE.
Fraternity President’s Council—^Meeting March 11 at 6 p. m. in the Kappa Sigma house. —KETTLE.
Catalyst Cliib—-Short business meeting at the Delta Tau Delta house March 10 at 7 :30 p. m. —STREN.
Automobile Regulations The University should be commended for its effort to minimize traffic accidents on the campus by setting up regulations relative to the operation of motor vehicles by students. The University, however, has not reached a point of perfection in these regulations by a wide margin. Purdue could readily improve its system of car operation if it would take a tip from the University of Illinois. The students at Illinois are not only required to take a physical test to determine their fitness of vision, hearing, and nervous reaction, but also a driving and vehicle examination. The cars themselves are examined by Illinois state patrolmen. The examination is especially in regard to the condition of the engines, brakes, lights, tires, and stearing apparatuses. The Illinois rules also contain the main features of the insurance regulations in the Purdue code. Unfortunately, the University officials are somewhat handicapped by the farcial traffic regulations in Indiana. Purdue would give its greatest contribution to the state if, by instituting such an efficient system of traffic regulations, it moved he officials of Indiana to institute better traffic rules. —D. A. B.
aign A new war on kissing is being waged. The co-eds of several big campuses have already refused to indulge in the “sport.” Through their study of biology they have learned that as many as 80,000 germs may be spread from one pair of lips to another during a kiss, and it scares them. Those persons who favor kissing can be grateful that they live in a free country. In Fascist Italy and Communist Russia even wives and husbands may not kiss in public. In Japan, scenes involving kissing are cut from American films. The Japanese describe the kiss as “unclean, immodest, indecorous, ungraceful, and likely to cause spread of disease.” A. J. Reeves says that he discovered with the aid of sentitive electrical equipment that each kiss takes a definite number of minutes from theiength of one's life. The new anti-kissing crusade is being led by Health Commissioner Francis E. Fronozak, of Buffalo, New York. This campaign may sound very silly, but with spring weather new, “A young man’s fancy ———” and that isn’t all. It is all well and good for those who go in for it, but with the health department continually warning us of the various diseases noxv on the campus, scarlet fever, inuenza, etc., are too big a price to pay for a kiss. Maybe the co-eds of this campus ought to strike until this period of “flu weather” is over.—R. J.
Student Senate—New constitution now available at the Student Senate office. —ROYHANS. Military Trainingr., Conditions—An examination for removal of C grades iii Military Training 3, Motors, will be held in the supply j^oom at the Armory, March 23, at 1:30 p. m. Students desiring to take this examination should report to Capt. Hayford before noon March 20. —HAYFORD.
Prom Goers—^Get permits by March from Student Senate office.
—GRAHAM.
18
Purdue Flying Club—The regular meeting will be held March 11 at 7:15 in room B of the Union. Dr. C. M. Wray, guest speaker; open meeting. Members are requested to bring friends. —SMITH.
Cosmopolitan Club—Meeting Friday at 7:15 p. m. in room B of the Union. The program will be announced later in' the Exponent. —FATOUT. C. E. 6 Conditions—A special examination for removal of conditions in freshman surveying, C. E. 6, will be given March 20, at 1 p. m. in room 101 of the Civil Engineering Building. Permit slips should be obtained by March 13. —TODD.
W. A. A. Badminton Tournament—The following games will be played March 10 at 4 :00; G. Halstead vs. F. Raebig', P. Clymer ys. Hosack. At 4:30. Sands vs. Dembret, and Weisbach vs. Bain. Please report the scores on bulletin boards. ■ —MAIER. Gala Week Committee—-Important meeting at Pi Kappa Phi house, March 10 at 4 p. m. —BLACK.
Gimlet—Meeting at. Alpha Gamma house at 6 for dinner, March li).
—HODGDON.
Rho
W. S. G. A.—Important meeting of the Executive Board in the office March 10 at 7:15. —COPELAND.
Union Workers—-All freshmen and sophomores on my committee report to Union office March 10 at 4 p. m. ' —SCATTERDAY.
dir^tihg bifiidticHoh, yelling “QUIET” . . . FRED ABE* REN riunlitt^ ai^ii^ loose . I . JOHN BRUBAKER try-ij liig to get A tireil ehorus to sing .., some of tile chorus attempting to study for Bactic, Psych, Chem,"and Biology, tests . . . Vallely bumming cigarettes from the' l:ast m^mbets . . . Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Stewart. . . Mrs. Stewart saying how good she thinks the show will be . . and also remarking “without professional help” . . . BETTY JO SEXTON taking a spill during a difficult tap dance .. . BETTY GRANGER making goo-goo eyes at lead, BILL JONES . . . JONES returning the same (and it warn’t professional eyes neder) BLANCHE KERNEL, VIRGINIA WILKING, and RUFINA SEXTON giving a salute sim-
ilar to that of their Girl Scout days . . . BOB PHILLIPS, bass fiddle man, acting as voice teacher for the prima donna . . . MARY ED JOHNSTON ‘swingin-it’ . . . ELEANOR ..“Sour-Puss’’ .. TURNER studying on a wabbly card table... some one moving a make believe jwiing and getting H-——- frPm RUTH GRIMM . . . Doc VENEMANN remarking_“Wish some of those girls took my Refrigeration” . . . BETTY ANN FLORER with a ‘going-crazy’ look on her face . . • DON MUELLER off in a corner doing some sort of a staircase dance . . . FRANK WILLEY watching things with a master technician’s eye . . . LORNA “Army-Brat” McLEOD in the road, as usual . . . BUD BRYANT directing the musicians??? . . . someone trying to round up the pony chorus . ..MILDRED MILLS pounding awAy on the old piano ... everyone wanting to go home . . . HO HO HO . . . HA HA HA!!. .. VI DAMMEYER .. . made her Kappa Formal date take her home early . . . she wanted to long distance her man JACK in Pennsylvania . . . he wasn’t in ... he’d gone to the Kappa dance at Penn State . . . hard cards. PINS ETC ... another Pi Phi hooking another ‘know no better’ Beta ... EVE RUTH got a engagement ring off Texan KEITH KIRKPATRICK ... X 0, FLOSSY MERRIELL hooked Sigma Nu, AL HOKANSON’S pin . . . one of those i’ll never put my pin out and I’ll never take one couples ... BETTY ZAPF claims that she didn’t take BILL ALEXANDER’S Kappa Delta Rho pin until Friday, but
W. A. A. Basketball—Open practice for. class basketball will be held March 10 in the Women’s Gymnasium at 4 p. nr. —SHAFFER.
Independent 7 o’clock.
Staff—MeetinET tonight at —SENNSTROM.
NOTICES No fioticfS acceptetf after S p. m.
Beaiaval ot Usth Conditions—^Examinations for the removal of conditions in mathematics will be held March 13 at 1 p. m, in the Recitation Building. —MARSHALL.
BaaketbisU Game Staff—^Faculty and students who acted as ticket takers, sellers, etc., during tba basketball season, report at the ticket office immediat^y for payment. —KIZBR,
Oxganic C^miatry Gonditiona—Examination for tko removal of cbnditioiia in Chemistry 29 and 107 will be held in room 101 of the Education Building at 1 p. m, April 10. Applications must be made at the General office in tbc Gbemistry Building before the Sprbwrei^. , -^LSON, EnglM) iidid Spaedi; Conditio
inations for the removal of conditions in all courses in English will be held on Saturday, March 20, at 1 p. m. in room 201, Education Building. ■—CREEK.
English 1 Conditions—In preparation for the condition examination on' March 20, coaching classes will be held as follows: Spelling, Thursday, March 11, Friday, March 12; Grammar, Monday, March 16, Tuesday, March 16; Punctuation, Wednesday, March 17, Thursday, March 18; General Review, Friday, March lO..All classes will be' held at 4 p. m. in 201 Education Building. No fees, no registration, —FOWLER. All Cadet Officers—Bead information on Corp review' for' Military Carnival now in boxes before X. hour or corp day drill. —HAYFORD.
Faculty—Members of the faculty who desire tickets to the Military Carnival and who did not receive application blanks may obtain tickets by sending an informal request ahd a return envelope to the Adjutant, Military Departaneot. These application must be in the Adjutant’s office before 4:80 p. na. March 9. —HAVFORD,
Skull and Crescent—Bring all unsold Cotillion tickets together with receipts to the meeting Thursday. • Also bring twenty-five cents to cover extra cost of paddles, which will be distributed. —CABONARGI.
Play day Volleyball—Practice March 10 at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gym. —'THATCHER.
Orchesis—General meeting March 10 at 7:30 p. m. in Women’s Gym. . —PBENTIOB. Agriculturist—All circulation assistants and Burbrink, Phillips, Weiland, Finley, Hitchcock, Glover, Dice, Myers, ahd-Echter-ling report to office March 10 at 4 p. i —PARKISON.
—LAST DAY-
Martha Raye .'In “Hideaway-Girl” ■ —and— Leo Carrillo m “The Gay Desperado’
THUR.—FRI—«AT. Bob Allen “Rio Grande Range” aind™ Ann Dvorak “Midnight Court”
ARC
-LAST DAY-
BillCody ■ in “Outlaws of the Range” ■—— , Mary Ellis and Walter Pidgeon «^Patal*Lady”
LUMA —LAST DAY— America’s Fraternity of Fiends
with
Humphrey Bojart TOMtORROW—PRL—SAT. Virginia Bruce ; in ■ “Women of Glamoiir” . .'—and—' The Jones Family ' '. in “Off to the Races”
Wednesday, March 10,1987
“I been travelin’ this road ten years and nobody ain’t said I need a Pullman berth, yet.”
there’s something wrong about that tale . . . for yours truly heard, and wrote about said pin merger last Wednesday, and wrote it up hut withdrew it in favor of a little Sig item that appeared in Thursday’s column . . . now GENE DU VAL if you are so worried about having the campus, etc., know that you have your Phi Gam pin on PEGGY GRAHAM, don’t send your stooges around to me,. .. instead you should not have planked your pin ... NOTICE Any Junior interested in writing this column meet in room C of the Memorial Union Building at 4:15 p. m. today. WHO—MARS—WHO Another WHO—MARS—WHO contest all set to start again in tomorrow’s column ... they’re easy . . . just work ’em and turn ’em in at the Union Desk. . .
—Plus— "Cinema Circus” AH Star RevueIn Color
STARTING TOMORROW Pat O’Brien In “The Great O’Malley’
Final Timos Today
JOII.
M a #ony fortune teller, U // le
Marian Marsh Fred Keating Edgar Kennedy First . Lafayette Showing
—STARTS TOMORROW2 First Run Hits Ole Chic Olsen Johnson ■ , ■ ■' ^ ' ^ ; In “Country Gentleman”
—Plus—
and Grace Livingston Bradley
in
“LARCENY ON TOE AIR”
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Pipe Smokers! Please Don’t
all Smoking Tobacco bites the Tongue
Edgeworth Guarantees that Process-^ Aging Prevents Tongue Bite T ongue BITE is the b^e of pipe smokers. We guarantee that ^geworth will not bite the tongue. The use of the finest Bturley tobaccos will not prevent tongue bite. It’s the processing that does it. As ' every tobacco expert knows, pipe tobacco can be rushed through the plant and save big sums of money. It is pipe tobacco, but it is Edgeworth. V Chir method is Process-Aging— a process as Vital as the a^jng of old wines. There are twelve required st^, each under laboratory contrd. It takes 4 to 7 times as long as mif^t seem necessary. But in no other way can we guarantee that Edgeworth will not bite the tongue. We ask you to try it under our money-back guarantee. If Edgeworth bites your tongue, return it and get your numey back. You can’t lose. NOTE : There are three kinds of Edgeworth for you to choose from: 1—Edgeworth Ready-Rubbed—a cool, longrbuniing tobacco preferred by eeasoned smokers. 2—Edgeworth Plug Slice—^for the smoker who likes to crumble the tobacco in his hands until it’s just right for him. 3—-Edgeworth Jr.—the same tobacco also Process-Aged, hut cut for a milder, more free-burning smoke.
Please accept SO4 Gold Plated Cpllar-Pin for only lOe when you buy Edgeworth. Merely send inside white wrapper from any tin of. Edgeworth with your name and addtess and 10^ to Larus & Bro. Co., Dept. 100,>^Richmond, Va.
EDGEWORTH^^ EDGEWORTH’^T
■V-
Wcatoeeday, Moych 10,108?
MiMMii!Mig«MBggM!iiiseBgs!E!Si!9BS95iS3BSSS9SB&BMSBSSSEiBtBBE9Sdll
jHirdueStaars jPicked For AU-American Ol3nmipic Official Rates
YoiiiiigiAiM Honor Squad By Jarome Collins
Jewell lYoiing and Grlen PoWtiey, already members of the Associated Press All-American team, have gained places on the AllrAmerican squad chosen by A. A. SchabiiigSy, one of the nation’s leading basketball authorities. Schabinger, past president of the National; Basketball Coaches AssoGiation and former director of intefcollegiate Olympic basketball tournaments to select players for the 1936 Olyittpics, honored Purdue by placing Young and Downey on the first and second
teams respectively.
Young
Young, who was ’placed in the forward berth on the first team, is described by Schabinger-as an unerring basket-bomber who has been the spearhead of Coach “Piggy” Lambert’s wild scoring Boilermaker quintet for two seasons, and would be a great star bn any court. He thinks that stars, such as Downey, are born, not made, and he would be a star on any team in the coun-
.try. ;
, Schabinger’s choices for first and second teams are as follows: First Team Forward—Angelo (Hank) Luissetti of Stanford. Forward—Johnny Mdir of Notre
Dame.
Forward—Jewell Young of Pur-
due.
Dame. Center—Paul Nowak of Notre Center—George Terjesen of New York University. Guard—Chuck Orebaugh of Drake Guard—Ray Noble of Kansas., Guard—Martin Rolek of Minne-
sota.
: Second Team Forward—Jules Bender of Long Island University. Forward—Harry ■ Combes of Illinois. Forward Jack Fleming of Iowa State. ‘. ,, Center—FrShk Groves of Kansas State. Center—Willis Orr of Rice Insti-
tute.
Guard—Bob Parsons of Nebraska uard—Glen Downey of Purdue. Guard—Ken Gunning of Indiana.
TUB POBDUB EXPONENT
Apple juice is being used in the place of oil for tempering steel in Czechoslovakia.
‘‘DEAG’’ HAS EVERYTHING for a; COLLEGE Education H. G. REISNER
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Com|piuiy Phone 3882
Puirdue Squashmen Yottiig High Scorer In Big Tell
To Participate In Western Tourney
InteFcdilegiiile B^gin Marc^ 20
Representatives of the Purdue squash team will journey to Milwaukee, W^ Saturday, March 20 to participate in the Western Intercollegiate squash tournament sponsored by the University
Club of that city..
Last year’s Iriterbollegiate champion, John Lucek, junior electrical engineer at PurdUe, will defend his crown. Second place ixi last year’s tbUrney was also won by a Purdue representative. Jack Noll, last
yearns captain.
Illinois squash teams, one representing the students and one a faculty team, will play the Purdue squashmen Saturday, March 13, at
2:15 on the town courts.
Notre pame Skins Minnesota, 44-18 Irish Topple Co-Champs Of Big Ten In Nineteenth Win Minnesota’s basketball team, cochampion of the Big Ten was met by phenomenal shooting and passing on the part of the Notre Dame team last Monday at South Bend, and at the final gun the Gophers found themselves on the short end
of a 44-18 score.
The Irish runaway was certainly not looked for, after the fine basketball the Gophers played all season, but Notre Dame left no doubt but that it has a team this year, as it’s record of 19 victories in 22 contests, including a win over Purdue would indicate. This crushing defeat of the Big Ten co-champs may give 'the Boilermaker fans some solace for the loss to the Irish.
VOLLEYBALL PRACTICE
TODAY AT 7 P. M. I
Phi Eiappa
Phi Kappa Psi Phi Kappa Sigma ; Phi M piu Pi Kappa Phi Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Sigma Alpha Mu Sigma Phi Epsilon
Sigma Pi Theta Chi Theta Xi Triangle.
If any of the fraternities scheduled for Tuesday were unable to play, they are requested to have their team put today.
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY New Beginners' Class For Ladies and Gentlemen Opens Wed., March 10 7:30 P. M. Phone 2150 :
^ 6th & Ferrr
|l n S t e p wit h S t y I e
Colorfully sinart and flatterlog ia fit, these shoes put spring in your steps as you walk with Vitality . -
SiiM Stoll WldthiAAAAAtoEEE
IA)EB & H E NE GQMPANV
2nd FLOOR SHOE SALON
After a week’s wait, Jewell Yonng, has been pffleially given first place in Big Ten scoring with his' reePrd breaking 172 points, which
placed hip far ahead of his a
j Morthwestern attdyTbwnsehd of Michigan tied for the runnef-iip position with final totals of .123 points. The ten leaders aiid
their records are: / ’ i
, :.,:G-rFG'’^'.FT -FTM'W;. TP'
Ynmig, fprwart; P^ 67 38 10 16 172 McMichaeij forward; Northwestern -.....,.12 4^ 31 11 , 14 123 Towimendj forward; Michigan .... ...„......12 ; 40 43 16 21 123 Combes, Illinois; guard . .................. ._..;12 42 28 11 25 112 Kundia;, forward I Minnesota 1? 41 2l 15 20 106 Gee, center; Michigan ..l2 43 19 15 25 105 Rooney, forward; Wisconsin 40 25 15 23 105 Addington, forward;, Minnesota 12 42 15 15 18 99 BoiMfeau, fbrwardrlllinois ..;..1..........12 37 19 15 15 93 Gunning, forward; Indiana ...i.;..v. .;......“.„.12 39 15 11 25 93
Ulihi Pmiueii
Faculty, Student Teams To Face Purdue Satur- " day ' The Union bowling alleys will be the scene of an unusual howling match Saturday afternoon between Illinois and Purdue. A Union faculty team, composed of Stuckey,’ Seaton, Wilbur, Petty, and Frost, will meet a five man team representing the Illinois Union Faculty^ while a five man student Union team comjposed of R. P. Hooker, J. M. Kmec-' za, J. E. Zachary, J. D. Miles, and D. L. Kiiig will roll against the Student Union Illinois University team. The matches, scheduled to begin at 2:30 Saturday afternoon, will be held oh the first four alleys, which have been reserved for this purpose. This inter-eollegiate match, which is the second of its kind to be held on the Boilermaker campus^ is expressive of the intense interest which has been shown in bowling by the student body, since the opening of the alleys last fall. .
Nevada is estinoated to have produced more than $1,000,000,000 in mineral wealth, much of it which came from the famous Comstock lode.
CI^Hsified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C._ F. EbershoflP, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
Learn To U^nce Correctly-— By enrolling in our new Beginners’ Class Wednesday, March 10 at 7:30 p. m. Indiana’s Largest Dancing School, at 6th and Ferry streets.— Allen’s.
Improve Your Dancing—By enrolling in our New Advanced Class which open Thursday, March llj at 7:30 p. m.—Allen’s.
Good Printing—Painless prices Fast service. Near as your phone. Call 5206. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop, 401, South 29th street.
Handsome Console Table—Suitable for large rqom or hall (cost new $75). Priced to sell. Mirrors, card tables, etc., at Moore’s Cblonial Market, 220 N. Fifth street.
Wanted—Passengers to the University of Illinois Saturday. Phone S. Porsell, 3400,
Lost—Black leather key case containing five keys. Call P. E. Johnson, 4784.
A certain man had a furnace and his house ■■ ■- ■■ - ..L . . . grew cold. Said he to the furnace: **Not another lump of coal do you get till yOu give more heat.” S’. ■■■ , ■ ''.V''” - ■■■■ . . . . the poor man froze. . . . . and so did the merchant who cut down his newspaper advertising budget to ”saye expense.”
fielder’s.... * >.^.clioiCe ■■■■■—liiBy B<d> Walpot0mmmmmmm4 The Big Teh finally achieved what they have beat trying to do for a numbear of years . . . simply tUia, keep the Big T^ hasketball title out of the state of Indiana . . . Minnesota ended her season, by allowing only 325 points to be scored against her ... Purdue finished with a total of 511 points for an average of 42.6 points per game... there were 418 points credited to the Boilermaker’s opponents. . . —^fc— This is too good to give to Ohaver for his Bold and Black . . . besides there is some bit of athletics behind it . . . Saturday afternoon a group of Alpha Xi neophytes went from house to house, dog fashion, serenading the fraternities . . . upon a request from one of the boys to hear “On A Good Ship Lollypop” for Lee Graves, Purdue’s watchcharm guard on the 1936 eleven, one of the smarter freshmen questioned “Who’s Graves, anyhow?” .. one of the more intellectual gals wlio can remember as far back as November, answered, “Oh, he’s jiqst a football
Senior life Sitving Enrollment doses This Afternoon Students iiiteyeatcd tu ^uglifyinir for the Ajmenean Rdd Cirbiss sen^ life saying rating must enruB nu later than this Uottneed last night sions began last Monday, and will be continued in the Memorial Gymnasium pool each afteriiooii at 4 o’clooh, under the direction bf Homer Allen, assisted by Larry La-; Bree and P. I. Merritt. The directors urge an students who have already passed their tests and expect to renew their rating this year to come but to the praetiee' sessions and help in the instruction of other students.
player that ain’t got no pht” . . . which just goes to show . . . nothing ... - —^fc— ' Senior Red Cross Examinations for Life Saving are being given daily in the Memorial Gym pool ... —fc—, . . Paul Vemor added two more first places to his record by winning the 106 and 220 yard free style events against Indiana on Saturday .. .
SWEET ASHONEY Sweet as a well-seasoned pipe, on the first smoke I And the honey-curing keeps it sweet; Special attachment supplies (1) automatic, free draft (2) double action ocQdenser. The best pipe you can buy for $1. Nothing else has its flavor.
• BOLE
We Have SoM Many YELLO-BOLE PIPES
H. G. (Deac) REISNER
Come in during a free hour for a little recreation. You^ll find this fascinating game is just the thing to refresh your mind. Studying will be easier afterwards. The best in equipment will help make your game even more enjoyable in„the
illuxi JZ.-
c^am
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE/
■5,f
PMte yqor
THSi PURDUE EEPOKENT
K
CO-ED ^AGE...
Page Editors—Dorothea Justin and Elinor Benton
R. P. Hooker Leads All-Campus Bowlers The campus bowling tournament sponsored by the Student Union is well under way with several more than a hundred entrants still to finish rolling their first games. R. P. Hooker with a three game total of 609 pins is well out in the lead, with Otto Huncinker and James Rowland tied for second with 563 pins apiece. After the first round games have been completed, the men with the ten highest scores will each bowl a second three game series. The bowler with the highest total in this second series will be named the winner of the tournament.
AChS To Hear Michigan Professor Tomorrow Purdue section of the AChS will hear Dr. Kasimir Fajans, chairman of the general and physical chemistry department of the University of Michigan, on the subject of “Theory And Practice Of Adsorption Indicators” Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. Following the lecture, a banquet will be held in the Purdue Memorial Union Building starting at 6 o’clock.
CANCELLATIONS
Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before Saturday noon, March 20th. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after March 20th if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men . M. L.-FISHER, Dean of Men
NYA WORKERS
Because the surplus of NYA funds of the first three payperiods could not be carried over into the fourth, fifth, and sixth pay-periods, it is necessary to stop the NYA work at once for one week. Work will be resumed with the beginning of the seventh pay-period, on March 11. Two or three exceptions have been made in departments where the stopping of work would be a very great inconvenience. Students who have been assigned on work to be paid from the special flood relief fund are not affected by this action. M. L. FISHER, Chairman, NYA Work for Men Students at Purdue University.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT NOW I
Window Displays To Feature Living Models Living models will display spring fashions in the dress shop windows tonight from 7:30 to 9:30 at Lafayette’s formal Spring Opening. Although the stores will not be open, all windows will have unusual and interesting displays, the Retail Division of the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce announced.
Co-eds Conduct Classes In Health And Cooking Two training periods a week for pupils of the Tippecanoe grade school are offered at the south-side community house by the Y. W. C. A. social service group in its second semester work. Co-eds conduct daises in cooking on Tuesday afternoons and health discussion group each Wednesday.
Using a white pig as bait, A. C. Corder and V. A. Henigan of Clarendon, Texas, trapped a black eagle measuring seven feet between wing tips.
J. Edgar Hoover, director of the federal bureau of investigation says that 1,500,000 felonies are committed each year within the boundaries of the United States.
Representatives Of Seventeen Schaols Will Attend State Play Day
Co-eds from 17 Indiana colleges and universities will attend the annual State College Play Day which will be held here Saturday. The all day meeting, sponsored by the W. A. A., includes on the morning schedule an open discussion of the organization. Recreational games will be played by University co-eds; girls from each school will play volleyball matches; games of darts, tether ball, and tenpin baseball will be open to guests and co-eds in the morning. Luncheon At WRH Luncheon for the visitors will be
Guidance Conference Publishes Bulletin The Guidance Conference, held annually at the University, has recently published a bulletin of the proceedings of last fall’s meeting, at which “Studies In Higher Education” was the topic of discussion. A limited number of these bulletins, which contain the addresses of the prominent educators which were given at the conference, are now ready for distribution.
served at the Women’s Residence Hall at 1:00 o’clock. Elizabeth Halsey, head of physical education for women at the University of Iowa, will speak on “The Opportunity For Leadership For College Women In Campus And Community.” After luncheon, demonstration of non-rotation volleyball will be given by teams from Ball State and Purdue. A tour of the campus and an inspection of the local W. A. A. cabin will conclude the day’s program.
Senior Co-eds Hear Psychiatrist “Marriage As A Normal Relationship” was the topic of the first marital lecture of the series for senior co-eds held last night in the
The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. BISK DB. HABOLD J. BISK OB. BOBEBT G. BISK DB. LUTHEB A. BISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
women’s lounge in thd Memorial Union Building. Dr. Elizabeth E. Strauss, psychiatrist in the Cook County Hospital, spoke tracing life from infancy to adulthood and emphasized that growth is a natural and normal process. The discussion was illustrated by diagrams. This lecture will become the basis
for following marital lectures sponsored by W. S. G. A.
Sigma Phi Epsilon Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity has pledged Dick Witt of LaPorte, instead of Dick Wendt as stated in last Saturday’s Exponent.
CO-EDS EASTER SPECIAL
Permanent Wave including Shampoo and Finger Wave $3.50 and up END CURL PERMANENT WAVE
You can’t do better for straggling hair than our enchanting end curl permanent. For hair smooth as silk and lustrous as satin— for gleaming highlights—and flattering curls—be sure to drop in here for your permanent. Call Early for Appointment KIENLY’S BEAUTY STUDIO
662 Main Street
Phone 7727
% s '
- /': '' 1 ' . ' - , . v/- - ^ 'V/s.V ^
Modem factories... spotl^sly clean like your living room at home . • . that’s where Chesterfields are made. The Champagne Cigarette Paper is pure... burns without taste or odor . . . you can*t buy any better paper. The tnild ripe tobaccos are aged two years or more... like fine wines are aged. Refreshingly milder... more pleasing taste and aroma... and best of all They Satisfy.
esterfield a milder better-tasting cigarette
Copyright 1937, Ligcstt 8c My8«s Tobacco Co.