V
Mishap At Airport Kills CAA Student ^ ^ * Landing Gear Of Low Flying Plane Strikes Victim In Chest As He Stands On Runway ■ Victim of a tragic accident at the University airport yesterday morning in which he was struck by the landing gear of a low-flying airplane, Robert T. Black, 26, West Lafayette, CAA primary refresher student, died at 8:40 a. m. at St. Elizabeth’s Hospital. /
The accident occurred at 6:15 a. m. when a Cub trainer piloted by Allen H. Elward, son of Athletic Director and Mrs. “Mai” Elward, dove toward one of the airport’s runways near the hangar upon Black’s signal accidentally striking Black in the left shoulder and crushing, his chest. Elward, holder of a student pilot certificate, was flying solo preparing for application for a private pilot’s license when Black apparently motioned the pilot to dive at him. According to Lawrence I. Aretz, lessee of the University airport, both men apparently forgot the settling tendency of an airplane when pulled out of a Sive, causing the plane to strike Black, hit the ground removing the left wheel and bound back into the air. Following the tragedy, Elward circled the field and landed the ship on the remaining wheel causing buckling of the landing gear, but‘'resulting in no injury to the pilot, or extensive damage to the airplane. Aretz said that the incident was virtually without precedent in civilian flying and that ^y action taken Would result from the decision of the CAA board now considering the accident. Black, the son of Mrs. May B. Black, 321 Lawn Ave., West Lafayette,.is survived also by his wife, Mrs. Helen Black. The body was removed to the Rogers and Henderson funeral home, r.l.h. f.i.j. Playshop Selects Next Year's Student Board At a recent Playshop election, seven students were chosen to fill the positions of student members of the Playshop managing board for 1941-’42. This new group of student board members, with the assistance of the faculty Board members, will be in charge of the direction of Playshop and its productions for the coming school year. ■ / The following students are the new appointees: Jack Miller, ME ’42, Business Manager; Merle Keck, EE ’42, ^tage Manager; Johnnie Goll, Sc. ’43, Personnel and Puf)licity Manager; Bert Klein, For. ’43, Advertising Manager; Martha Rosencrans, HE ’43, House Manager and Dick Sidwell, Sc. ’42 and John Gilley, Sc. ’42, Laboratory Group Managers. k.g.r.
Z-ftf
Fouh^mI In 1819
Daily Sinca 1906
Volume 52, No. 193
West Lcdoyette, Indiana
Wednesday, May 28, 1941
—i-From All Fronts-— Today's Summary Of War N^s To CfaiesKO Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, IDA*. Chieago Daily News, Ina • British Hunt Nazi Ship According to a British communique, the Royal Navy at present is “taking” measures to finish off the Prince Eugen, Nazi 10,000 ton cruiser, which accompanied the Eismarck when it sunk the Hood. a % • Crete Campaign News Scarce During the last two days news of the campaign in Crete has become scarcer, which may indicate that the British position is deteriorating even more than it is known here, reports Helen Kirkpatrick from London. Loss of two 8,000 ton cruisers and four destroyers are unquestionably heavy blows^ but the losses are regarded in London as moderate under the circumstances. * >)! * • Hint Laval's Return To Power After five months of silence Pierre Laval, predecessor of Admiral Jean Darlan as vice-premier of unoccupied France, burst into print yesterday morning. Much speculation has arisen as to whether or not this presages his return to an active part in the government, radios Paul Ghali from France. * * • English Debate Eire Conscript ‘ British officials still are refraining from imposition of conscription on Northern Ireland. Prominent but unofficial English quarters seemed to agree that the introduc- ' tion of conscription would be a grave mistake likely to drench Ireland once again in the blbod of revolution. !)< • US, Japan May Compromise A whispering campaign aimed at bringing the United States and -Japan into an eleventh hour compromise that would free the American fleet for action in the Atlantic is in full swing in the Far East. There is much smoke, but A. T. Steele radios from Tokio that he has been unable to find the fire if there is one.
PRESIDENT DECLARES UNLIMITED NATIONAL EMERGENCY EXISTS
We Must Deliver Produce,
UniversHy To Offer More . Courses In Engineering During Summer Session In order to help relieve the short-
age of technically trained industrial workers, the University will offer more engineering courses during the coming Summer Session than have ever been given before. Suihmer engineering courses are intended for the following students: those who wish to graduate ahead of their class, those who wish to take extra subjects, those who wish to have more time to work or take part in activities during the regular school year, those who wish to make up credit deficiencies, or students from other universities who have
the necessary prerequisites. Engineering courses will be of-
fered in Applied Mechanics; Chemical, Civil, Electrical, Mechanical and Metallurgical Engineering; Shop; Drawing; Management and Geology. Information and complete description of the courses may be obtained by writing the University Editor for either the 1941 Summer Session ^announcement or the General catalog of the University, k.r.
Purdue Squadrons Planned By Army Air Corps Board Lt. J. H. Kunkel Jr. of the U. S. Army Air Corps, who left the University in 1939 to join the flying forces, returned to the campus yesterday as a member of an examining board in an effort to form two or more squadrons from the ranks of'students and alumni of the Uni-
versity.
The examining board has already begun to interview candidates, and will continue to do so daily, beginning the examinations at 8 a. m. each morning in the personnel offices of the Executive Building. Major More Supervisor Under the supervision of Major Joseph F. More, members of the board, in addition to examining duties will visit most of the fraternities and halls to discuss with candidates the cadet training program and opportunities in the air corps. Major More has stated that they_ are by no means looking for “supermen,” but only the average young American, sound in mind, body, and character.
Protect America, Says FDR “The delivery of American supplies to Britain can, must and will be done,” said President Roosevelt last night in his fireside chat as he proclaimed that a state of unlimited national emergency exists and requested every man woman and child in the United States to do their part in the work that has been brought on by this emergency. Actively Resist Hitler The President bluntly stated that, to prevent Hitler from obtaining a foothold in the Western Hemisphere, where he would be within striking distance of the United States and the other American republics, we would do two things: actively resist every attempt by Hitler to extepd his activities to the Western Hemisphere, and give every possible aid to Britain and to all others who resist domination by Hitlerism. Gives President Great Power
Memorial Day Program a Presiding President Edward C. Elliott Organ Prelude Harry Irwin Metzger Invocation Rev. J. B. Gleason, West Side Baptist Ghurch Hymn: “America, America, We Lift Our Battle Cry” Audience Composed by Allen Eastman Cross in 1917 Address: “The Threat of False Ideals” Prof. C. K. Ganong Concert Choir: “Sing A While Longer” O’Hara Albert P. Stewart, Director Poem Edwin Markham Concert Choir: “Send Forth Thy Spirit” Schuetky Albert P. Stewart, Director Reading of the Necrology Dean M. L. Fisher Decoration of Roll of Honor Taps “America” Audience Benediction - Rev. J. B. Gleason Organ Postlude Harry Irwin Metzger Following the benediction the audience will gather at the grave of John Purdue for the remainder of the service. ' . Memorial Tribute President Edward C. Elliott
Potter, Beese Head Defense Training For Additional Engineers Dean A. A. Potter has returned from Washington, D. C., where he appeared before congressional committees in connection with defense training problems. Deam Potter is chairman of the national committee which is outlining the training program. More than 100,000 persons are being trained now, and from 250,000 to 300,000 are expected to be in training next year to help meet the shortage of engineers. Several thousand workers in Indiana industries are now being trained under the supervision of a state committee of which Prof. C. W. Beese, head of the University general engineering department, is chairman. AWS Hours The following changes in co-ed hours during the final examination period have been announced by AWS: 12 o’clock hours for Thursday night. May 29; Wednesday night, June 4, and Thursday night, June 5. Regular hours will be observed on the other nights.
This proclamation, a state of unlimited national emergency, grants the President great powers of direction and control over American resources. These powers enable the government to take control of power lines, telephone systems and other public utilities; and also grant the President such rights as the combining of the Coast Guards with the Navy, the temporarily abandoning of minimum wages and the increasing of maximum hours for labor. Stressing the delivery of effective aid to Britain, the President stated that, “all additional measures necessary to deliver the goods” would be taken. This and a later statement that the United States was already 'actively engaged in carrying out these preventive ^ iheasures, indicates definite action which the President may take to employ American convoys for supplies to England. War Approaches U.S. In recounting the events of the British-Nazi naval engagements during the past few days in the North Atlantic, the President cautioned that war is approachiiig the bring of the Western Hemisphere itself. In summarizing the proximity of the war to American shores and the corresponding proximity of the totalitarian threat to the freedom of the Latin-American countries, Canada and the United States, (Continued on page 4)
' \
Don't Forget To Check Final Examination Schedule For Today, Tomorrow
Period Day 7 Wed. 8 Wed. 9 Thur. 10 Thur.
Date May 28 May 28 May 28 May 28
Course Division Period Agricultural Chemistry 108 -.7. C 8 Agricultural Engineering 141 A 7 Agronomy 27 A 9 132 A 8 133 A 10 Animal Husbandry 23 A 1‘0 108 B 8 142 A 8 Applied Design 61 H 7 65 A 7 61 A 10 Applied Mechanics 21 D-H 8 21 V, W 10 22 B, C 8 22 K-N 10 Biology 2 F, S-W, AB, AC, AE-AG 8 2 X, Y, N-R, Z-AA, AD 10 39b All 10 41.... All 10 64 ^i-.-A 7 118 All 1(1^ 119 All 7 136. A 7 137 A 7 142 .,....A 8 Chemical Engineering 34 ^ A 10
Course Division Period Chemistry 2 A-H 7 2 1-P 10 2 Q-X 8 3 C, D 9 3 G. H 8 14 A 8 30 E-M 8 32 -All 10 34 All 10 105 A 9 118 All 8 132 A 7 Civil Engineering , 6 C, D, G-J’ 8 21 A 7 23 A 8 61: All 10 80 \ A 8 103 J..A11 7 Clothing and Textiles 2 ..: B 8 2 D 10 29 C 7 129 A 8 Dairy Husbandry 6 V A 7 8 All 8 13 A 10 16 A ....^ 7 104 A 10 107 A 7' Economics ^ 1 H .Vi 9 1 J, K 4 8 11 B, C 8 11 E '.10 12 E 10 12 F 8 112 A 8
Course Division Period 112 B 10 128 A 8 134 A 10 Education 4 D 10 30 A 9 35 A 8 136 A 10 Electrical Engineering 4 A, ^ 8 4 E, F ,....10 6 C 8 6 B :: 10 8 '.....All 8, 10 12 .: A : 10 17 B 8 19 D 8 20 .'...G-J, 0, P 8 22 A 8 22 D 8 22 E, F 10 English 1 :..F, G ....; 10 1 P, R 8 , 3 D 10 3 E, F 7 10 B 10 13 A 10 19 E, F 10 27 E-G 10 31 F-H, K 10 118 A .....'. 10 132 A : 8 ■ Entomology m A 7 Farm Management 1 All 7 4 A ...10 Foods and Nutrition 1 D 8
Course Division Period 1 E-G 10 Forestry 10 A 10 29 All 10 General Engineering 16 E 7 16 F 10 36.: W 10 35 Z 8 104 A 8 107 A 10 110 A 8 117 A ...: 8 127 A 10 Geology (None) Government 9 B .V 8 History 3 A-C 8 3 D 10 16 A 10 16 A 8 107.. A 10 Home Administration 8 B 8 14 B 9 66 A ^....: 7 110 A 7 171 A 10 Horticulture 22 A 8' 114 A 8 120 A 8 Institution Management 35 A 8 139 All 10 Materia Medica 22 All 10
Mathematics 1 A, B 10 2 A-H 10 3 C, D 8 3 E 10 4 W-AA 10 11 1..B .: 10 11 D 8 14 B, C 10 118^ A 8 120 A 8 Mechanical Engineering 11 C, D 8 30 A-C, I 9 31 J-M .9 64 A .9 64 D 9 or 16 70 C 8 70 D 9 or 12 70 F 9 78 All 10 126 A 10 140 A 10 142 A 10 144 A 8 162 A 10 178 A 7 193 A 10 Metallurgical Engineering 109 B 8 110 A 10 146 A 10 162 A, B 8 Modern Languages 24 D 8 44 C 8 46 A 10 64 A 8 127a A 10 178 A 8
Course Division Period Pharmaceutical Chemistry 16 All 10 Pharmacy 26 A 8 36 .:A 7 36 A 10 Physical Education for Men 34 A 10 45 A 7 162.. A 10 Physical Education for Women 69 A 8 Key—^Add Exam Schedules 60. A .T 61 .9
92.
8
A
Physics
J, K, O, Y,"z A.11 10 .J, K, 0, Y, Z. 8 Poultry Husbandry
Psychology /
1...- A, B
110
&
11 A Sociology 176. A 177.. ...A m A Speech 14.. -_ —F, G .. 14 S-V .... 16 „..A, B .. 60.. .„ .A 116. 123 A
.10
tM:
ao
...8
...8
■'IB
.10fiaqjL 2-£diiA,
Wednesday, May 28, 1941
The Third Term * £xfwmnL
By The Termite The Bismarck sank the Hood, so the British sank the Bismarck. Which will probably cause great grief to the Nazis. It’s amazing though, how thorough the British are when they decide to sink the ship. The Germans have to sink them anywhere up to ten times and they keep hopping up like a cork after each sinking, but the British sink ’em and they stay sunk. * * Down around Crete, the Nazis sank 11 British cruisers, A remarkable feat, especially so, when one considers that England only had nine cruisers in the Mediterranean. The way we figure, either a couple of those cruisers pulled the cork trick and popped up again, or else the Nazis’ adding machine went haywire. * ♦ * Senator Nye got all excited up at South Bend the other day.. One of the statements he made was “America wants more than anything else to stay out of this war.” We presume he’s talked to his acquaintances before making such a rash statement. If so, we’re inclined to be slightly critical of his choice of friends. We’re American. And our friends are American, And while we want peace, we’re not going to cower behind an ocean. We have a few ideals, empty phrases of course, but still ideals. Things like “honor” and “liberty.” JalL 'When No One Is Looking' Editor’s Note: This is a reprint from an editorial that appeared in the Exponent of Thursday, May 30, 1940. ... is just a short clause but upon its meaning may rest your future. Last fall the studentfaculty committee published a small handbook which clearly defined honesty from both the faculty and student viewpoint. This handbook was distributed to every student in the University.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of March 3, 1879, and at the speciai rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription, $3.60. Editor-in-Chief .. Ned A. Ochiltree News Editor John L. Trangott Business Manager Don S. PoVers Publication Staff Managing Editor Leland W. Rnffner Associate Editors: J. F. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, R, L. Hadley, F. I. Jones, E. J. Kieper. Business Staff Local Advertising Maffagers: K. K. Gjemre, R. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard, Co-ed Staff Editor Ruth Rose Associate Editors: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfleld, Martha Jane Fox. Sports Staff Editor Phil C. Johnson Associate Editors: O. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler.
Phones: Editorial and Business, 400S; Sports 2792; Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. ^ Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Amos Day Editor: Chatfield Issue Editor: Hunter Night Sports Editor: Clark Workers: J. H. McKee, D. K. Heiple, K. G. Roquemore, P. G. Hoffman, E. L. Miller, W. Rafert, J. Lauer, and H G. deBruyn.
.We are now in the midst of final exams and many of the admonitions printed in the handbook may have been forgotten, but may we remind you that these regulations are still in effect. You, through your representatives on the committee, made these regulations, because you realized that there is no substitute for honesty, that there is nothing to replace it when it is gone. During the next few days there may be several moments “when no one is looking.” Be careful of these moments! Your conduct during these times marks you either as honorable or dishonorable not only in the eyes of the faculty but also in the eyes of your classmates.
By Alice Chatfield What is different about a Boilermaker, that anesthesized, heckled individual that we find at the University? No, it is not fallen arches or swollen glands. A Boilermaker “joes,” writes term reports, and gazes at the blonde at th6 other table when he is with the brunette, just as thousands of other students in the country. Yet what makes him a Boilermaker? In Kansas the student may be lazy. At least the Daily Kansas from the University of Kansas predicts that the three hour week-end dance no longer has a place in the modern college. At KU even serving cokes in the ballroom did not decrease the demand for ink. Four hour dances proved worse, and two bands in one evening did not help. Maybe the Illinois cystom of dancing in air conditioned ballrooms would solve the problem. Or maybe the Kansas student just prefers other pastimes. In the want ad section of one issue of the Daily Kansan appeared the followjng advertisement: WANTED: Girl for petting. 7 day week. Call 1986. We don’t know about the Kansas ratio, but maybe the men just know how to get results. An advertisement for an apartment says, “Bills paid.” The University could use a few apartments like this. From Kansas we go to another mid - western university, where fraternity pledges have devised a new use for pledge paddles. This is
served. For reservations please call Marjorie Ward, 41111 or Ted Parker, 36462 before Friday evening, May 30. Meet promptly at 4 :30 in front of Smith Hall on State street. Everyone is welcome. —PARKER. POMM: Members of firing battery for Memorial Day salute report in front of Fowler Hall at 9 a. m. on Memorial Day, Friday, May 30. -ttBUSHNELL.
Just3‘loi&jam
Sage, our seasoned snoop, has been trying to help the FAO election committee find the petitions that were misplaced just before the committee asked approval of the appointees. He says he’s looked everywhere but the ATO house without
Talking about the elections again, we note that each member of the committee except the one from Alpha Chi Rho was able to pick a successor from his own house. Poor fellow, maybe no one from his own house was running. Maybe the progressives did only get the top two jobs in the Skull and Crescent elections but they got four members of the Cotillion committee. Outward appearances nothwithstanding.
Classified Ads
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone, 2779.
1941, Chicago Times Inc ^ U S Fat Off, All Rts Res
“No, we ain’t vagrants.—^We’re just hitch-hiking to our son’s college graduation.”
at Iowa State College at Ames, Iowa. There at the Interfraternity Pledge Formal a polished walnut paddle adorned with/29 pledge pins was presented to a queen who was chosen by the pledges at an election. The pledge presidents formed a double line and crossed their
Ail Juniors: Appiications for the Summer or Fall term of the Marriage Course should be made by letter to Mr. H. E. Wilkening befora.. June 4. Kindly include your name, address, phone number, and term applied for. —WILKENING.
Junior Military Students: Check your boxes prior to June 2. —VANDERFORD.
Lutheran Students Association: A short meeting Thursday night. May 29, in room 303 of Union for election of officers. All members please attend. —MEZOSS. PEW; Lockers must be turned in by June 7 if $T refund is desired. Clothing and equipment left in lockers after that date will be confiscated. —HAZELTON.
NOW SHOWING DOUBLE FEATURE
VOOTH AND BEAUTY Her Bachelor Balt!
Tau Beta Pi: Picnic at Rotary park, Thursday, May 29, at 4 p. m. Those with cars stop at the Electrical Engineering building on the way out —HARBAN.
For Rent: Downstairs apartment for summer, cool; electric stove and refrigerator ; near Fieldhouse. Phone 66363.
Lost: K. and E. Log-Log slide rule. J. V. Tippy on case. Reward. Call 36962.
Purdue Outing Club: A “relaxation hike” will be held Saturday afternoon. May 31, with opportunities for swimming, boating, games and hiking. A picnic Junch will be
Alpha Phi Omega: Notice to the last' pledge class your membership certificates are in. See Bob Cartmell, 108 B. Cary Hall South at once. (6-2) —SIGLER. Tau Beta Pi: Seniors may get plaques after Thursday noon from Sullivan or Mungei at Alpha Chi Rho house or at picnic. —WOOD.
rW*l
with Ellison • MII4ro4 Colts* Nlgol Iruct Morgorat Honlllttn • Kolhorlni JUixandtr
PLUS
Notices
Camera Club Exhibitors: Get your Gala Week prints at the Student Union office. —TOWLE
All Members of Musical Organizations: Please return all sheet music that belongs to the University immediately to the Music Hall. —PETERSON.
GE 110 Removal of Conditions: Examinations for removal of C grades in GE 110 may be taken during any of the three regular final examination periods: 1 to 4 p. m. Tuesday, May 27, Wednesday, May 28, or Saturday, May 31 in room 201 of the Golden Shops Bring properly approved permits. —ROGERS. \
In the nineteenth century baseball players sometimes used axe handles, barrel staves and wagon wheel spokes for bats.
Bacteriology Seniors: Senior banquet Thursday, May 29, \ in the Old Chestnut room at 6 p. m. —MORGAN.
Exponent Staff: Schedules for work during finals are posted in office. Please look up your work nights at once. —RUFFNEB.
uhma
WHITi«HOT THUNDIRBOIT/ lumum &
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
fit.
T^NN DVORAK OSGOOD PIRKINS KAREN KtORLEV
VMCV.
HOWARD HUGHES' / t#f|ltAeULAIt THRILLIR/
LAST TIMES TODAY
DEANNE DURBIN in ^'NICE GIRL'
LUPE VELEZ in '6 Lessons from Madame LaZonga'
MIHHEni
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
IT’S A LAUGH-LOADED ROMANTIC-RIOT!
JOAN
DICK
BLONDELL^POWILL VflFC With
LAST DAY
CARY GRANT IRENE DUNNE in 'PENNY SERENADE'
Charlie MCeiCS UeBOWMAK MeWATSOH RathDOIIHELir Billy GIIBERT JohiOIIAUH'
JOHN SARFKLD, FRAMCe* FARMER RAT O’BRIEN — ADDED — March of Time's Arms and the Men—U.S.A.
pledge paddles in militaristic fashion for the queen to walk under them. Pledges at other colleges probably would prefer this use of the ple^e paddles. — DANCE «— SPEEDWAY FPOLIC 4 THORS., MAY
75c
Ticket Sale
TUI 9 P. M. Thursday iND. Theater news shop
MARS
UVIHO MHGinOUSLY flGHTIMQ FURIOUSLY LOVING RFCKLGSSLY
X
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
Betty Brewer •’ Don Wilson • Ruth Donnelly Jerome Cowan - Douglass Dumbrille
LAST TIMES TODAY
Alice Faye — Jack Oakie in 'THE GREAT AMERICAN BROADCAST'
GLASS Clip off those miles with thrilling close- O N LY ups—span the distance with the speed v | of some giant clipper! Add the fun and cqnstant companiMship of this useful, smartly streaj^rted sports glass to every outdoor scene. On your vacation, at the game, in the mountains —every look’s a picture! A grandgift and a grand buy at this unheardof low price! GET YOURS TODAY! others to $14.50 /It
DECKER’S
HAVE YOU TRIED ONE OF OUR DELICIOUS CAKES? (MS linALITV
AIR CONDITIONED
LAST TIMES TODAY
rARIWKIII Ray Whlttoy • Emnwtt Lvim • lana Drammond — AND-
PLUS
516 Main Sf.
Phone 5036
'GREEN ARCHER" Last Chapter — THURS.-FRI.-SAT.~ LEATHER PUSHERS RAGTIME COWBOY JOE MYSTERIOUS DR. SATAN FIR5T RUN NEWST Y
n
^xponaid
Wednesday, May Tfi, 1941
Four Boilermaker Tracksters Young Ends SoOSOn Will Enter Central Meet June 17 With .391 Average
As Squad Bats Fifth
Four prominent members of the Riveter track squad will journey to Milwaukee, Wisconsin to participate in the Central Intercollegiate Meet, held on June 6. Captain Ed Holderman, miler; captain-elect Burt Anthony, 440 yard dashman; 100 yard sprinter Bill Gaulke; and Bill Bancker, running the 220 yard dash will form a half mile relay team after their individual contests have been finished. Outdoor Season Successful ■
I
The squad has had an. excellent season, having been undefeated in outdoor dual na^et competition by winning from Michigan State, Butler, Illinois, and Chicago. Results of the Big Ten Outdoor Meet, held at Minneapolis, Minnesota on May 1718,' were both surprising and disslppointing, as the Boilermakers failed to win positions for the Big TenPacific Coast Meet of June 17 at Los Angeles. Stars of all colleges have entered the Central Collegiate. The track trio, Archie Harris, Roy Cochrane, and Campbell Kane will represent Indiana; Ohio State sends Eisenhart and sophomore Bob Wright, flashy .Buckeye hurdler. Northwestern’s Thistlewaite will vie for top-flight honors with Williams, Badger pole vaulter who clears the bar at around 14 feet. Expert hurdlers are Don Olsen of Illinois, and Finch and Horvath of Northwestern. George “Sonny” SPranck, Minnesota sprinter extraordinaire, and Wildcat Myron Piker will continue their feud for supremacy in the Big Ten. May Break Records Still others. Captain Park Brown, Illinois miler, and Ray and Rendleman of Chicago and a throng of others are competing. The competition will be extremely keen, and some record shattering performances are expected, r.l.m.
Pi Kappa Alpha Captures Greek Participation Race Pi Kappa Alpha has added the attractive participation trophy to its archives by leading the inter-fra-ternity race with a total of 648 points for the 1940-41 season. Second and third places went to Sigma Phi Epsilon with ^41, and Phi Kappa Tau, winning 641 points. Other runners-up were Beta Theta Pi with 635; Theta Tau, 628; and Alpha Tau O^ega, 618. r.l.m. Scientific Workers Wiil Hold Meeting Tomorrow American Association of Scientific Workers will hold its first regular business meeting at 7:30 tomofrow night in room 263 of the Union. The meeting will be featured by a discussion of what the new organization can accomplish and by the reports of committee chairmen.
George Case, Washington outfielder, is the logical successor to Ty Cobb insofar as stolen bases are concerned. In 1939 Case stole 61 bases, but did not play a full season due to injuries. Cobb’s record is 81.
Vitamin Y Promotes Growth! Your business will grow if you keep everything spic and span with clean linens. WHY BUY —WE SUPPLY — On a Rental Basis —
PHONE 2000 FOR ROUTEMAN
-- USED BOOKS
IT’S JUST LIKE STRIKING OIL!
Your USED BOOKS Will Bring You CASH!
SEE US BEFORE
YOU SELL
RIP* BOa^llWW STORE
90IQ-IQ fTOifE fTMEEV WiJT LAFAVETie INft
With the Boilermakfer 1941 baseball season now a part of history only'one member of the team remains among the 16 leading hitters in the Big Ten. Catcher Ernie Young is that man and boasts a .391 average. Dutch Pehring’s nine finished ninth in the conference with a record of four won and eight lost. '' The Boilermakers were fifth in ^ team batting and sixth in team fielding. ' Ernie Carried On Young was not really a regular on the Riveter team until Fehring shifted his lineup and sent Captain Bud Fisher to shortstop. Ernie played the last three games with a very painful “shiner,” which was contracted in the Wabash game. However, only one man stole a base on the spirited Young and his batting efficiency, if anything, seemed to make progress. Dick Wilding, Wisconsin backstop, is now the leading batter in the Western Conference with an impressive .471. He, along with Young and George Harms of Michigan, gives the conference catchers much hitting prestige in a year which has seen the outfielders, always traditional power hitters, relinquish their strangle hold on the hitting parade. Wakefield Leads Sluggers Michigan’s Dick Wakefield still leads the slugging department with 20 runs batted in and 32 total bases. His dangerous hitting during the Riveter series explains why he is being scouted by almost every major league team. Two Wakefield home runs clinched two games for Ray Fisher’s Wolverines when the Wolves really needed some tallies. Bob Van Sickle is the leading pitcher in the conference with four
... and a simple solution When the BeU System was still very young, a problem arose: How to assure—at lowest cost—a dependable supply of telephone apparatus of high quality and uniform standard? As the System grew and the telephone network became more complex, this problem of supply grew more difficult. But it was solved this way. Western Electric was given responsibility for manufacturing, purchasing and distributing the equipment needed by the telephone companies. The concentration of these functions has resulted in keeping quality up and costs down—to the ben^it of every telephone user.
Telephone servied
fiuhiiut. £xponiinL
JM Sports Gestapo by Phil Johnson
• Schedule Troubles Solved Last March the Western Conference athletic directors decided to do something about the inequities of the present basketball schedule system. Since 1938 each conference club has had three so-called “natural -rivals” which they have played on a home and home basis, the remaining conference teams being met once each season. The solution they found for the difficulty was the adoption of a 16 game conference schedule. This was approved by the Conference faculty representatives shortly afterward. Yesterday, after considerable arguing, the new 1941-42 schedule was released.
Charley Curran NaBied links Captain For 1942 Charley Curran, a sophopiore from Gary, has'been chos^ captain of the 1942 Riveter golf team. The selection of Curr;^, who is enrolled in the School of Civil Engineering, is something of a tribute to the consistently good golf he has played all season. Curran’s selection by his mates marks one of the few times that a junior has captained any Boilermaker team. ■ ■ ■ This year’s links combination
/A4 Managers ... have been chosen for the 1941’42 year. Paul Bussing of Beta Sigma Psi will be junior manager for the second semester of next year; John Gramelspacher of Sigma Pi and Lambda Chi Alpha’s^ E. D. Baldauf were elected as sophomore managers.
will be the only ones which the Boilermakers will face only once.
• How It Affects Us Under the “natural rival” system, the trio of teams adjudged as our natural rivals were Indiana, Wiscopsin, and Illinois (three toughies). Next year these same three teams
winning games contrasted with not a single blemish in the defeat column. Indiana’s Don Dunker and Alan Grant of Illinois both have the enviable record of five and one. They ate closely followed by Cliif Wise and Mickey Stoddard of Michigan, who have four and one and three and one respectively. Dunker seems to have been the most effective pitcher in the Western Conference this year in the matter of strike outs and bases on balls. He struck out 44 batters and only issued 10 walks. Michigan also ended up ahead in team batting and team fielding, o.t.c.
• Possibly A Break It is possible that this will be a slight break for the Boilermakers, away from home, and Wisconsin in the Boilermaker Fieldhouse. The remaining six teams will be played on a home and home basis. This will mean two games with Chicago, Ohio State, Minnesota, Iowa, Northwestern, and Michigan. Of the three teanis met only a single time, Indiana and Illinois will be played as the three teams to be played only once should be about the toughest trio in the league. This will only be temporary, however, as the teams met just once a year will be rotated, so that every team will play every other team in the league twice two years out of every three.
• One Last Change This new schedule provision carries with it one other stipulation— that no Big Ten teams will be allowed to play over 20 games during the season. This will mean, that instead of the usual eight non-con-ference games played before the conference season and during the final exam lay-off, only five will be met.
• Bigger And Better Games The net result of this play will be a much tougher and more interesting schedulie. Instead of the usual early season “breathers,”^ Big Ten teams will have to schedule a more strenuous non-conference outlay in order to get ready for the league play. It also will mean three less games in December and three more in January, February and March.
started the season with a victory over Detroit and then lost five matches in a row. Team Improves Greatly The team broke the ice with a 17 to 7 swamping of Butler and rolled into high gear with a shutout over Chicago’s hapless Maroons. However, Coach Harry Allspaw’s lads were still regarded as very mediocre when it came time for the State Meet, but the confidence they had gained from two straight wins gave them the impetus to record a startling upset over Notre Dame and Indiana and take first place. Wade Knipp completed a big day for the linksmen when he took individual honors. The entire team will journey to Chicago for the Big Ten Meet June 18 and 19 and expect to get even with some of the teams who defeated them in the dual meet season. The Riveters avenged two of those losses in the State Meet by topping Notre Dame and lU. Two men, yet to be selected, will represent the Boilermakers at the National Intercollegiate Meet, which will be held at Columbus, O., starting June 28. o.t.c. Boxing Club Initiates 15 During Past Year Completing a very successful season the Purdue Boxing Association initiated the following men during the past year: Rolla Boughan, piU Hoskins, John McRae, Carl Shakpl, Gordon Christopher, Bob Parsons, A1 Johnson, Dan Daly, John Pyle, Bill Ball, Stan Atz, John Fisher, Bill McClure, Jim Beers, and Ed Miyumasu. All of these active members were awarded Golden Gloves for their participation. Honorary members, who also received Golden Gloves are Mr. William Bodden, Chief Accountant; Mr. William Fletemeyer, Assistant Accoimtant; Phil Johnson,* Sports Editor of the Exponent; and Mr. A. J. Caste, Superintendent of Inland Steel Company. The Riveter boxers were an outstanding success in the Golden Gloves and in collegiate meets.
th« Purdue Exponent
S«rvice Dirttotory
« Professional Risk Dent’al Clinic
ML rAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHCR A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK
4tt« tr AAirtn Ms.
PfioiM 3710
Dr. A. M. IRION
DfiNTIST
119 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965 • Dairy Products M. E. MOREHOUSE
DAIRY
quality milk Phon* 46214 • Locksmith Keyr and Locks Kays for trunks, rioor looks, d«sk , loati^ night Intehos and padipeks. Auto k«ys a spadalty. BIcyelas, aceasaortas and rspalring. MULHAUPrS
RhoMMat
a0».|l M.MiM.
• School Supplies DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
W. LAP AY EXT f LIBRARY
ATESTt: BOOKSBEST AUTHCr c_ = ER DAY lOc^MlNlMU;
Cbmpiete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store AA C "Rod" Sammons *29 R. W. "Doc" Eppla '40
• Hardware
If It's Hardware We Hevw If QuRlIty Mdto.—Lower Prfcea Edgerfon' Hdwe. Inc. Phone 4354 We Deliver
Jeweler^
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.m
HM
< ii
Sf ' ■S, ,, ^ / L*-
:i 'I
fiaqs^SpoAlA
Wednesday, May 28, 1941
(p/tmiL S-Sfie^
British Forces May Lose Battle Of Crete
President Declares JamesGraham's Trial Personnel Notes Wesley Foundation Holds
(Continued from page 1)
To Advancing Nazis
Suda Bay, Cana Seen
As Germah Objectives
By Helen Kirkpatrick
SPECIAL CABLE ' To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1941 Chicago Daily News, Inc.
London, May 27.—^The situation m Crete is described here as serious owing to German penetration of the British lines west of Canea. The mam German attack is developing in the area of Suda Bay and Canea. If the Germans succeed in reaching Suda Bay with any number of troops, the situation may become critical. There is no news here on the British counterattack that is known to have taken place two days ago. If the New Zealanders have been able to throw back the Germans, the possibility that the British can restore their position appears good. But it is believed highly likely that the Germans have been able to land sea-borne troops in Greek caiques, well protected by divebombers and fighters. It is impossible from here to confirm or comment on the Turkish estimate that between 26,000 and 28,000 Germans have been landed. It IS certainly within the realm of possibility, for the lull over the week-end has been broken by further landings from the air. Landing of Tanks By Air Although reports continue to po{ir in that the Germans have succeeded in landing tanks by air, military circles have no definite information. The general public appears to take the reports seriously and this morning David Low, the famous cartoonist, reproduces a drawing that appeared in May a year ago. It is a picture of a British soldier with an enormous tank running over him. The inscription on the tank reads: “You can’t stop tanks with brave hearts. Send us more machines.” Low captions the picture, “Have we learned ?”y Since the invasion of Crete began the usually uninformative military authorities have kept the public well informed of the progress of the battle. Yesterday and today the news has become scarcer, which may mean that the British position
h^ ventured that an attack on the United States could begin with the domination of any base. North or South of our territorial limits. Stresses Freedom Of Seas “It would be foolish,” the President continued, “to wait until the enemy is in our front yard.” In order to keep the forces of Hitler from gaining a stranglehold on the American continents, the United States must reassert the ancient American doctrine of freedom of the seas. Forces Strategically Placed Always stressing the right of the U. S. to insure the freedom of the seas, the President gave a short review of all that the government had done and is doing now to insure this doctrine. He also stated that the United States already had placed her military forces in strategic positions and' warned that she would not hesitate to use them to repel an attack. In closing his fireside chat, Franklin Delano Roosevelt quoted the words of the founders of our republic, and called upon the people of the United States “to pledge to each other their lives, their fortunes and their sacred honors.”l.w.r.
W. 6. Lloyd
Young Men’s Slack Suits of fine Hop Sackings, Gabardines, Spun Rayons in Shorf or Long Sleeves Specially priced at: $1.98 - $2.98 - $3.98
Singer's Clothing Store
Corner Third and Columbia Sts.
Lafayette, Ind.
WVHED
TO BIT Drawing Sets — Slide Rules T Squares - Biology Supplies
Disecting Sets
Highest Cash Prices Paid
PURDUE 5 + 10
Across from Post OHice
Nears Jury Decision
Trial of James Graham vs. the people of Indiana continued yesterday afternoon as the defendant, for the first time, took the stand in his own defense. Graham is charged with attempted burglary in the Kappa Sigma fraternity house on the night of July 13, 1939. In the course of his testimony Graham maintained that he had been invited to spend the night there by a member named JEmerson, whom he met on a bus trip from Chicago. “Emerson,” however, is unknown to members of Kappa Sigma and as yet has not made an appearance. Graham also denied entering the DU house where he allegedly stole a suit before he was captured in the Kappa Sigma house. The final summation of the opposing counsel will be given today and the case will go to the jury sometime this afternoon, a.p.h.
Editor’s Note: Prom a letter tp the University by R. Kraus, Welding Engineer of Stacey Brothers Gas Construction Comy pany of Cincinnati, we publish the following paragraphs. Those who are interested please see professor Lindley of the General Engineering Department.
Annual Picnic Friday
iVotice
“We shall liave within about three weeks a large number of openings for welders of limited practical experience. It occurred to me that perhaps some of your students would welcome the work in our shop during the summer months. “The work will consist essentially in making 3-16” fillets with coated electrodes. This is defense work and we shall work about fifty-six (66) hours a week, paying time and a half on Saturday and Sunday. The pay will of course depend on the skill of the man, possibly somewhere around fifty-five to seventy cents per hour. We shall, bf course, give preference to the man with more skill as we can not tie up equipment. Possibly we could pay more than seventy cents for a man who can produce.
A steak-roast, recreation, and a campfire service will make up the annual Memorial Hay picnic of the Wesley Foundation to be held at Camp Tecumseh Friday. The group will leave the Foundation House between 1 and 4 p. m. and return about 8:30. Darrell Roach is in charge of recreation. The service will include consecration of new dilrcers and farewell talks by seniors. Charges will be 26 cents for supper and 16 cents for transportation. All Foundation members and friends are invited to attend, w.e.r.
Seniors vrho nre Signed up in the flying corps and who have been ordered to report to Indianapolis tomorrow for Flying Cadet Day will be permitted to take their oaths and then return to the University to complete their finals. Lieutenant Colonel W. E. Corkill, executive in charge of recruiting at Indianapolis states in a letter to Professor Hock-
V
“For deferment beyond June 4, the chief of Air Corps must be contacted direct, by the applicant as this headquarters has no jurisdiction in such cases,” Corkill continued.
Hunter college offers a play writing ' course in which the students write, direct and produce original plays.
NYAWorkers
“I will go into further details if you advise me you fcould furnish men for us.”
All men students who expect to apply for NYA work for the -year 1941-’42 should see Mr. Sharpe in the Dean of Men’s ofiice and secure forms for making application. M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men.
. .. who spoke on the “World Federation” when he was last at the University in 1939 will arrive at the airport this morning on his way to Washington to an anti-war Congress. He IS on a “Flying for Peace” mission. There will be a group leaving at 8:46 a. m. from in front of the Union to meet Lloyd at the airport.
IS deteriorating even more than is known here. It has been known for several days that the British have suffered losses in the naval battle fought off Crete. The German figures of 26 ships were regarded as fantastic but it was felt that the loss might be fairly heavy. Two 8,000-ton cruisers — the Gloucester and the Fiji — and four desti oyers are unquestionably heavy losses, but in view of the size of the operations, the narrow waters in which the German divebombers have the ascendancy, and the probable impossibility of offering the British fleet air protection, the losses are not regarded here as great as they might have been.
Women men admire—usually admire men—who look fit. So may we remind you .that our new Palm Beach Suits are planned to hei^ you look smarter and feel fitter than any airy Summer suits weVe ever shown—parade of new flattering colors awaits your call.
*17.75
liTJBMJi:
7ixuLch^))Jy
SEE THE NEW ICICLE WEAVES FOR RED HOT SUMMER
SOOMAlNSf
CLOiHFs suni)
% 4', 4 r