M
Delegation
ToMeetGfoup
Welcoming home the Men’s Glee Club, which last Sunday night in New York won second place in Fred Waring’s National Glee Club Contest, will be the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce, the Rotary Club, and the University Choir and local followers when the club arrives at the Big Four station this morning at 11:33. T. R. Johnston, of the University Publicity Bureau, will be the master of ceremonies for the celebration.
Speakers will be Judge W. Lynn Parkinson, president of the Chamber of Commerce; Judge Brenton DeVol, vice-president of the Rotary . club, and Frank Hockema, assistant to President Elliott. • 0 Stewart Will Answer Albert P. Stewart, director of the Glee Club, and Eth Baugh, alumni secretary, who made the trip to New York with the group, will give the response. Forty-four members of the Glee Club made the trip. On their arrival in New York they were greeted by Paul Owen, tenor soloist of Waring’s orchestra and the club’s host for \ the contest. 'They were then taken to New York’s City Hall where they were welcomed by
National Runners-Up
Mayor LaGuardia and gave a short broadcast from the steps of the hall over one of New York’s local radio stations. ^ Hold Rehearsals Rehearsals were held with Waring and on Friday night each club sang its college song over his Pleasure Time broadcast. The eight Glee Clubs were guests of Fred Waring at Olson and Johnson’s “Suns of Fun,” Saturday night. During this performance each club was asked to sing its school song for the audience. On Sunday the local group completed the final competition. Broadcast Sunday, Monday . Sunday night the clubs were guests at a banquet in the Park Central Hotel. At 10:30 p. m. they
went on the air and the dabs learned of the Winners, 'the jfelw club from the University of ikoChester was named'first' foir thdfr all-around performance !^ aifd llw University’s club was named ond. \ In introducing the UmVerdit^d Glee Club Waring stated thait they had lost in very close competitfoni to Rochester and that he had 8^dom heard two such outstandl^ soloist^ as Marvin Smith and Jde Richards. He also commented oii A1 Stewart’s directing. On Monday the club again spent the day rehearsing with Waring and that evening they sang two numbers on Waring's Pleasure Time broadcast and sang on hia hour stage show.
Elliott Speaks In Union At Memorial Services
Calls University Place Of Opportunity, Institute Of Obligation For Youth
Established 1889
Sock Osaka
In observance of Memorial Day last Saturday the University held a program in the Great Hall of the Union during which President Elliott delivered a brief address and Dean F. I. Goldsmith gave the necrology. Other activities of the ceremony included the firing of a 21 gun —^——
Volume 54, No. 13
West Lafayett'e, Indiana
Wednesday, June 3, 1942
Ada Leonard’s Band Squads Aiinouiice Rosteis
salute by the Purdue Order of Military Merit and Scabbard and Blade, the placing of wreaths on the World War Memorial tablet and on the grave of John Purdue, and the sounding of taps at the close of the service.
Place Of Opportunity
’ In his address President Elliott brought out that this University has always been a place of oppor-
Small Crowd Lauds Program Of Sinfonietta
To Play Here June 12
■ ■ I
flA Will Sponsor All Girl Orchestra
For Senior-Faculty Game
Institutes Aero
By Sally Beall Although only 1,60() of the students, faculty members and towns-
Ada Leonard and her All American Girl Oz’chesti'a will appear here Friday, June 12, from 8:30 to li:30 p. m. at a dance sponsored
Fraternity Officers
tunity for youth, but more than that remained in Lafayette it has been an “institute of obliga- the week-end attended the tion.” He .stated that “Day by day convocation presented Sunday aftwe of the University have cause to cmccn m the Music Hall by the St. realize that what we now are, and Sinfonietta with Hertha Glaz what wfe now have, are the products soloist, the audience made up for of the labor and sacrifice of those comporative smalliiess by its who have preceded us; of those who ^^PP^'cciation of the program, fulfilled the obligation.” Directed By Paul Schreiber
“So, on this Memorial Day, and
EllioH To Head New Organization
at this hallowed spot, we panse in the absorbing busy-ness of these driving and dramatic days to fulfill our impoi'tant obligation to remember; and thereby to pay rightful, feverent tribute to all of those whose lives have been built into the living substance of the University and the Nation. In particular, we recall those of the University, here and of the widespread elsewhere, whose lives and work have ended during the year since the last Memorial Day.” Renewing Of Vows In closing President Elliott said that it is now our obligation to renew our vows for the living and renew our determination that the qualities of courage, of loyalty, of devoted service to men and to the Nation shall be increased and strengthened for the living.
Weekly Movie Shorts Will Feature Picture On Indian Crisis
“India and the Crisis,” the latest
The members of the Sinfoinetta were recruited by Paul Schreiber, the present director, in 1937 with the aim of ci’eating an orchestra which would have not only the polish and lightness of a string quartet, but also the color and tone quality of a full symphony orches-
tra.
That Schreiber and his handpicked group of sixteen men, most of whom are first chair musicians in the St. Louis Symphony, have succeeded in reaching their goal judging by the applause they received, would not be questioned by anyone who heai'd their performance. Glaz Sings Encores Hertha Glaz, attractive young Viennes contralto who has been in the United States only five years, also had no difficulty in winning the audience as was shown by the number of encores she sang. Miss Glaz has toured Europe, England, Canada and the United States singing in operas and on the concert stage. This summer she wilf sing in South America. Over 75 students and faculty members attended the reception given for Miss Glaz by Student Union in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union following the concert.
Organization of the Purdue Aeronautics Corporation, a non-profit corporation designed “to promote education aiid research in aeronautical engineering, aviation, airport construction, management, operation and related subjects,” was announced .today following approval by the Board of Tiaistees of the University called in special meeting for consideration of the project. Grove Webster, of Washington, D. C., former head of the pilot training; program of the Civil Aeronautics Administration, who resigned Jan. 1 to head up his own aeronautical consulting business, was named general manager of the Corporation. Capt. Lawrence I. Aretz, who has served as operations manager of the University Airport since it was started in 1934, will continue with the corporation. Officers Chosen Officers of the new corporation chosen today are Dr. E. G. Elliott, president of the University, presi(Continued on page 2)
Notice
Register For Training
'Pop' Doan, Cole To Officiate, Ball, Master Of Ceremonies
School Next Friday
Members of the University clerical staff are requested to register for dance.s sponsored by the Navy Club (phone 3208) either today or tomorrow from 12 to 1 p. m. or from 4:30 to 0 p. m. at the entrance to the sbuth ballroom of the Union. '
Ada Leonard
by PIA. Tickets may,be purchased from PIA board members in front of the Sweet Shop, ,or at the ,door for $1.10. The band originated at Northwestern University and recently (Continued on page 2)
Interfraternity Presidents’ Council Will sponsor the third annual Fraternity Officers’ Training School next Friday, Saturday and jSuirday, June 6-7. The school' is designed to aid fraternity officers in solving their problems. But^ To Direct School The school this year will be directed by Dr. E. L. Butz of the farm management department. Any person holding an office in a fraternity is eligible to register in the school, and fraternity sponsoi's and advisors are invited to attend. The Interfi’aternity Presidents’ Council would like to have at least four men from every house registered in the school, preferably officers. The registration fee is $4 per man. The program, which is divided into half day sessions, will be held in Cary Hall. Friday’s program will be devoted to securing manpower and training and initiating new men. On Saturday the problem of conserving manpower through financial management will be discussed, and in the afternoon scholarship and activities will be the topic for discussion. Stewart Will Speak R. B. Stewart will deliver the closing talk at a banquet to be held on Sunday noon. He will speak on “The College Fraternity Assumes Adult Responsibility.”
By Art Hunter Forty-one men have been selected by the senior board of the Student Senate to make up the two powerful softball ag« gregations destined to clash on the varsity baseball liiSld iii the senior-faculty game scheduled this Saturday as a jiart of the Senior Day festivities. Unveiling their talents for the fourth-year squad will ba Dave Barta, Don Elfvin, Dave Lodge, Jim Stiggleman, Gil ——^ Wolter and Dave Utley of tlie
WBAA To Present 'Union Open House' Program Thursday
Mechanical school; Jim’ ser. Bob Hadley, Joe In^n and Willis Shalliol of the Met school; Ried Bennett, Harvie Merrill and Larry Myers bf Chemical Engineering school; Ed Miyamasu, Bob Olsori ahd A1 Pastrick of the EE scho(^^^ Jiin Thomas of the Pbartd^ibf school; Bill Shimer and Bruce Wtk!tr ren of the PE school; and Tom
Thursday eyening at 7:30 the second in a series of weekly progi'ams depicting the numerous activities carried on within the halls
of the Union entitled “Union Open Hobbs of the Ag school House” will be presented over Mackey Names Team
WBAA.
The new programs are designed to cover completely the work of all the organizations operating in the Union from the Puttering Shops in the sub-basement to the campus band rehearsals in the Tower Room. In addition to the various conferences scheduled, dances and other social functions will be described to the radio audience. Another feature on the series of programs will be “Hits of the Week,” a program of the most
A long-awaited report receiV^ yesterday from the headquarters of “Red” Mackey revealed that the “coach” plans to draw from the fol* lowing faculty line-up in Saturd|;^ft game: W. A. Bodden, G. D. Meid, and W. S. Fletemeyer of the ac-
Members of the senior roster
are requested to meet at 4:1& this afternoon in the Student Senltet office in the Union to elect their captain and to make general ar-
rangements for the game.
popular songs played on the jiike counting department; “Mike” Ar« box in the Sweet Shop during the buckle, director of Cary Halls; Prof. proceeding week. E. R. Marteel of the Forestry school;
issue of the March of Time, will be presented tomorrow afternoon at the regular weekly showing of Screen Review in the Music Hall. Passports are necessary for admission. The complete program is as follows: “News of the Day” at 3 and 4:26; “India and the Crisis” at 3:09 and 4:34; “Of Pups and Puzzles” from the Passing Parade at 3:27 and 4:62; “Information Please”, with Bo)is Karloff as guest artist at 3:27 and 6:02; “Sagebrush and Silver” from the Magic Carpet Seine s of Movietone at 3:47, and 6:12; “What’s Lacrosse,” a Sportlight presentation, at 3:67 and 6:22; a community sing at 4:07 and 6:32; and the Disney cartoon, “Early to Bed,” at 4:17 and 6:42.
Sailors Lads Land
Take Over USS Cary Hall West
C. S. Sprague of the Engineering
Experiment Station; D. C. Brodie J. (Continued on page 4)
Cary Club To Hold
Marching Sailors , . .
Thy Shall Not Pass s.,, Easy Does It
By Bob Boswinkle
Last Friday at the Wabash railroad station at approximately 3:12 p.m. a group of
Scientific Workers Elect New President
Prof. R. C. Croley, of the chemistry department, was recently elected president of the University branch of the American Association of Scientific Workers, succeeding Dr. Karl Lark-Horovitz. Other officers elected were Prof. E, P. Miller, vice-president; Prof. Harriet E. O’Shea, secretary; and Prof. C. S. Roys, treasurer. The newly elected, members-at-large of the executive committee are Prof. H. B. Hass, Dr. Earl Lark-Horovitz and Prof. R. B. Withrow. These men will take office July 1.
sailors began getting off tfi' special train. The day was ho but the sailors loaded their sea bags onto the Navy truck and formed into the standard Navy three column formation. They still wore their “blues,” heavy winter uniforms, and perspiration poured off their bodies as they .marched across the levee. Their objective was Cary Hall, which was to constitute their habitat for 16 weeks while they took classes at the University preparing them to be Navy electricians
mates.
Sleepy Town Watches Sailors The usual sleepiness of West Lafayette in warm weather has been changed during the four days that the sailors have been on the cam(Contihued on page 4)
Joe Dance Friday; Sailors Invited i
Cary Club will sponsor 911 ipformal “joe” dance this Frt^^i from 8:30 to 11:30. Dick orchestra will provide music for tfee dance and admission is by bid f&oPi Cary Club members. Members of the Naval contit^ent here on the campus for ' s^cl^ training will be the guests of Gl^ Club. The dance will be conducted on the order of the freshman Pliers in an effort to acquaint thp students and the sailors and provide them some entertainment while they are on the campus.
Newman Club To Hbttf Callout This Aftembbii
Ensign A. I. Pollock leads sailors to their new quarters. These men came from the west coast, via train. The rest of the seamen had arrived during the morning.
Seaman stands guard in front of Cary Hall West. Guards are stationed at all vital points about the hall.
Newman Club will hold a cattoitt for all sophomore and frestphiitl students in room 320 of the Upiop today at 4:16. Officers of the will be present and discuss thp ipi
West coast sailor lifts sea bag and hammock tivities of the organization,
to carry to his room. The sea bag, which con- . in the club and wiUiPg- . . u 4. 4i-- 4.i_ -I • , . ness to co-operate with the BiespUt
tains about everything the sailor owns weighs ofl^cers are the only qu approximately 100 pounds. necessary.Exponent Editorial Page
7«ne 19^
Ex0iflei^t
Offices: Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Starts, Pi^ldhiiuse, Ptiohe 2792 idildtiif PhoAd After 10 p.'m., ^377
JBkdtoT-in'Chicf ..... llanairiintr Bditor Siterts Editor BmiMso Monarcr Circulation Manager . Coed Editor ;...,
V John F. Amos Don T. Brophy . John H. Armatrqng - Robert L. Hadley William ». Millard Ken K. GJemre Alice Chatflcid
Publication Staff Aasociaie Editors Editorial Staff: R. W. Boswinkle, D. E. Butz, W. G. HoskiM, ■ A. P.' Hunter, D. W. Ochiltree, W, E, Rafert. Sports Staff: D. E, Brewer, J, S. Dawson, E, L. Karpick. Coed Staff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, .lean Lauer. Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Julia Martin. Adyertising Managers: J, M. Wright, D, L, Jobnsoiu : dlcalatian Manager: G. H. Klouman. Accounts Manager: Trena Torrengn. ' Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Eeiui. v
Staff For This Issue Might Editor: Rafert Day Editor: Lauer Issue Editor: Marian Reporters: Stciut. Altherr, Freymah, Abbett, Miller, Sutton.
Entered as second class matter at- the post office In Liafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103i act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published an Wednesday, Friday atid Sunday mornings during the sumnier »€nie9t6r and daily-^texcept Monday during; the fall and winter semesters. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.25 fot Bummer semester; mailed subscrfptiohs $1.5(1.' , . , .. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
By Drew Bearffon afid Robert S. Allen
WASHINGTON, Jtine 2.-7-rt has been obscured by the battles of Kharkov, Burnia find KihhWa,'biit behind the scenes, a battle just as iinpdftdrit'ddirifestically has been raging betiiveeti Secre'tkry of WtCt iStiitison and trust-busting I’hurmah Arnold over whether the big corporations wliich nlonopdllzed war materials with Germany should be punished, or ppripitteil
to continue their monopolies.
Secretary Stimson doesn’t want these big firms bothered with anti-trust suits, and some wCdks 'ago wrote a letter to the White House,^ dehianded that they be stopped. Thurman Arnold, he said, was playing into Hitler’s hands by nagging the big cpjfipariies
while they were filling war orders.
RposeVelt, grinning, gave the letter to Attorney General Biddle. Biddle, also grlhltitig; gave it to AK nold. And Arnold wrote Stimson a letter which nearly raised the roof of the War Department. He pointed out that there was no use fighting Hitler if U. S. industry was going to practice the same kind of monopolistic, cut-throat tactics as Nazi business. Temporarily, however, the War Department won out. The Justice Department fihaliy agreed to hold up pro.secution of certain cases, ainong them General Electric’s monopoly of floresceht Tanips, oti the
7;E0 P.M.—University Club Bridge' East Eaculty Ijiounge,
tihiori'
7:30 P,M.—-P,O.M.M. Smoker „ WeSt^^hculty Lounge, ’ ' ■ . -'' tinidn"'' ‘ 7:30 P.M.—Institute of Aeronautical i lui' ‘ ' ''Scj^fiti'e ...Room 3&3, ynion 7:30 PlM.^Pul’iitig'’forestry ^l,ub ^doiii 2^)5,
3:00 P.M.
-Screen view Music Ilall,
6:g() 1^,]^..—A'.A'.ti.F.'Diflner l^eetirig Ck'fel'eria';'HE, Building W::3(i' i,]W.—i^.LChli5^ S'hiblcei’ RciciiTls''tTilloii
I HBlf ^
As WAAC Advisor To Aid Recruiting Of Initial Officers
m, Sailors
in court.
• They Found Time
But suddenly Thurman Arnold learned that al-
This is our first opportunity to welcome you to Purdue so we repeat “Hi, Sailoi’s.” We’re glad to have you here. You are pur first real contact with any portion of the armed forces since December 7. Of course we’ve had the ROTC here, but they have changed little since the war started. For this reason some students will regard you as sort of a novelty'for a few days. , I thinlc you’ll find us rather friendly, however, if you’ll overlook the griping and grous- , ing that is as much a part of school here as classes themselves. Little of it is sincere. The weather here is famous, or perhaps we should say infamous. I don’t believe even natives ever get used to it, so don’t expect to. The best and hottest season of the year is approaching. It rains nine months.but you were fortunate enough to hit the dry season. The temperature thinks nothing of changing fifty degrees in two hours, and we’ve seen it snow in the morning, be sunny at noon and raining at '3 in the afternoon all in the same day.—> Enough for the weather. . , We hope you’ll enjoy your stay here as well •as learn some EE, and if you feel like it don’t hesitate to join the rest and gripe. Purdue Champions There have been few times when we’ve been, prouder of Purdue than when Fred Waring announced the results of the National Glee club contest. We of Purdue, and other people from this jjart of the country who have heard the Glee club sing have long, felt that it was “tops.” A position in the finals confirmed this. Then Sunday, the Glee Club was awarded runner-up position in a contest with the best groups in the whole country. It won this rank In a contest with many colleges where 18 hours of class a week is considered a heavy schedule and where music is an important and required part of the curriculum. The University of Rochester which “nosed out Purdue in a very close race,” according to Waring, is the home of the Eastman School of Music, one of the leading music schools of the country. Many of the other 150 participating groups had similar advantages. The award is a real tribute to the excellence of the club’s work and to A1 Stewart, its director. The long hours of practice have brought well-deserved recognition.
August graduate will be considered.
Ed. F. Degerin, .
Purdue Order of Military Merit
Philco ^ailio and Television Corp., Philadelphia, 'i’a.—doming Thursday, June 4. Wants to see ME, EE, and Physicists (August men only). Sign in Personnel Office before 4:00 p. m. Wednesday, June 3. Zenith Radio Corporation, Chicago, 111.—^Coming oThursday and
. ..... . Friday, June 4 and 5. Wants to see
., ........... ... ,... August and December EE’s. Sign in ground* that General Electric officials’#ere so busy chosen by Oveta Culp Hobby, pgi.somiel dfficeby4:00 p.m, Wedwith war production they did not have time to appear coiiiman<^er of the Wombn s Aux- jigqday, June 3.
iliary Army Corps, to act as ad- mu n f * n * c ttvisor to the officer in charge of the i ^***** ^^*^
WAAC headquarters of the 6th Products Co, Chicago,
„„„ corps area in Columbus, Ohio, and Hi-, aesires to add to their staff a though General Electric did not have time to be pros- 'as an advisor in Washington in re- young woman Wi gob' now -
ecuted, they did have time to prosecute on their own cruiting the initial officers of the ®
another company. High Grade Sylvania, for alleged WAAC.
violation of G. E.’s monopoly of florescent lighting. . Will Go To. Washington So Arnold stepped into this private legal battle and Dean Stratton will go to Washasked that the government be made a party to the ington for a conference of corps suit; The effect of this was to contend that General area advisors about June 8, and she Electric had no right to its patent monopoly, and ^jn then assist iir the interviewing that High Grade Sylvania was entitled to manufac- and. selection at Columbus of canture fioreseent lamps. didates for the officer training Arnold also told General Electric that he intended school. She will go back to Washto indict them every month. ington to help with the final selec-
Next dayj' Arnold got a phone call from the War tion for the school.
Department. Applicants for officer positions
^ We withdrew our objection to prosecuting Gen- obtain application forms by ivill sponsor a smoker for all Aderal Electric, was the order. calling at one of the 400 local re- vanced Military students in the General Electric had decided that it was better to ej.ujtjjig stations. These forms West Faculty Lounge of the Union
face one government suit than to have the govern- should be filled out and sent with tonight at 7:30.
ment intervene in its private suits. So it told its ^he applicant’s birth certificate to Major Hathaway of the Military friend, the War Department, to throw in the sponge, gf ^^0 62 main recruiting' sta- Department will .show movies of •Insiders consider it the moat significant anti-trust tibns'where they will'be examined summer camps at Fort Knox and of victory in some time. ^ ^ for basic'requiremehts. last semester's National Inspection • Murray Refaliafion Tfiose applicants meeting the review. Captain H. M. Johnson, who Phil Murray is not going to take his curt ouster as basic requiibments' will be given has recently arrived from Fort vice president of the United Mine Workers lying physical and mental alertness Bragg, North Carolina, will speak down. - exams and ihterviewed briefly be- of hi.s experiences there. EntertainThe CIO executive committee, meeting in Wash- fore the applications are fofwarddd. ment will be provided by the new ington this week, will return the booting with a cou- to the headqilarters Of the nine pledge class of P.O.M.M. pie of swift kicks to John L. Lewis’s paunchy mid- corps areas. All junior ami senior military sturiff. ' WUl Appoint Advisor dents are invited to attend. The Retaliatory moves planned are (1) dismissal of Tt'O officers at the corps area meeting will be info'i'inal and Xini“Denny” Lewis, brother of John L., from his $12,000 headtluarters will appoint a local forms will not be worn,
a year sinecure as head of the United Construction advisor to help Dean Stratton Workers Organizing Committee; (2) a militant crack- choose 120 people to interview in down on District 50, Ihe Mine Workers branch which Colunlhiis dtirihg the interVietv
Lewis has been using to organize dairy farmers and xveek of June 16. From these 120, _ , , _ » « •.
6d Will he selected and their papers JWIflllllinfl TO PUOlIC
sent to the'WAAC headquarters at
Washington. Candidates 'Will he Summer swimming classes for
For more than two months the President has been trained in the officer training- girls, open to the general public, are backing and filling-on the question of coordinating the schdo), and future officers will he being held at the pool in the Wom-numei-oLis government war information agencies un- recruited from the enrolled ihem- en’s Gymnasium and will continue dev a single head. Chief reason for his long delay is hers of the corps. through August 24, it was anthe problem of deciding- on the Co-ordinator. nounced by Prof. Helen W. HazelMore than a score of names have been considered. . ^ , ton, head of the department of It’s a White House secret, but the list finally has been luOrpOr^tlOll physical education for women.
(Continued from page 1)
raid other CIO jurisdictions.
• informafion Coordinator
sifted down to the following- five-
William Bullitt, former U. S. Ambassador to France and years ago a brilliaut foreign edrres-
1 pondent.
Paul W. Garrett, vice president in charge of public relations of General Motors. Raymond Rubicam, head of Young & Rubicam, a leading advertising agency. Byron Price, War Censor and former Associ-
ated Press executive.
Lowell Mellett, head of the Office of Government Reports and one-time newspaper editor. Of the five, Pi-ice and Mellett have the most potent
inner circle hacking.
Pressuring strongly for Price, is White House Sec-
retary Steve Early, an old newspaper chum of Price and largely responsible for lii.s appointment as War
Censor. , ■ Mellett’s principal .hacker is Judge Sam Rosenman,
close personal adviser of the President who asked him to look over the field and recommend names for Information Co-ordinator. Mellett has told friends
Classes for both beginning- and
, , „ Li. . ... . advanced groups will be held on dent; G.; Stanley Meikle, director of Monday, Wednesday, and Friday the University Research Founda- in three four-week ti6n, vice-presideht; R. B. Stewart, ^he fir.st periods, which be-
^ f orce kperve AyeUable in Armory ^ All Students interested in applying for the Air Force Enlisted Reserve (Deferred Plan) and for immediate ajpiJoihtment as Aviation Cadets are requested to call at the Information Bureau which has been established in the basement of the Armory, Room B-4 dui-ing the following hours: Tuesday, 1 to 2 p. m.; Wednesday, 3 to 4 p. m., and Friday, 10 to 11 a. m. At these hours Lt. Colonel E. H. Hicks, of the military depai-tmefit staff, will be there to assist all Students desiring to apply for Aviation Cadet or Ail- Forde Enlisted Reserve Training. The Army Air Corps Aviation Cadet Examining- Board No. 1 is open for information from 8 ann. to 4:00 p. m. daily except Sundays on the second floor of the Lafayette YMCA. Letter To Editor Dear Sir: ■ The government has asked that all suits be made witl^but cUffs so as to conserve cloth. The cuff was unnecessary and was placed there only because fashion had made it necessary. Now that We are attending school through the hottest months of the year, and Indiana can bfe as hot as the desert in Africa at times, it seems that the common sense thing to do would be to help our country and be comfortable at the same time. In short, the wearing of shorts on the campus by both eds and coeds should be permitted and even encouraged. An average of about one yard of cloth could be spared by thfe wearing of shorts over the usual long- pants and as for the savingin skirts, the girls are better qualified to say. It is true that for a period of about one week the campus would be somewhat upset by tlii.s new scenery hut then it would heccuiie the commonplace thing and all of the persons who wei’e somewhat distracted by them could return to full concentration to their
work.
For comfort, health', arid conservation—wear sliorts. J. D. Small, Pharmacy, ’44 ME Insfructors Publish Arf'lcle In Oil Magazine f Maiy isiiue of Intcrhalioiial Oil magazine contained an article by N. Kiilik and Prof. E. N. Kemler eiititled, “The Flow of Natural Gas in Pipe Lines.” Both’men are members of the faculty of the School of Mechanical Engineering. Dr. H. B. Hass J . . head of the- Chemistry department, siroke on “A Scientist Views This Modern World” before ninety-seven members of the West Lafayette High School gradnating class in Eliza Fowler Hall Thursday evening.
I Begins Duties As Civilian
J. M. Sehluntz, maihtdnancfe Supel'visbr of the ’^rhysical plant staff of'the University, left Sunday for Salt Lake City, Utah,^to report for duty as civilian engineer officer on construction of docks arid \vliarves on'the west coast. CE ’29 Graduate SchlUntz; civil engineering, ’29, has been on the staff since 1937 and is a member of Beta Sigma Psi. He was granted a leave of absence, and his duties will be filled while he is away by W. C. Kahnei’, assistant supefintbndent of physical plant, and W. M. Davisson, carpenter foreman. Sehluntz will be on duty under Lieut. Col. Lawrence V. Sheridan, Indianapolis, ’09, who is well known in this community as consultant on city planning and who had much to do with'the plantifig-' piah usefl on thecampiis.
Callouts for sophomores interested in the activities of the Fraternity Affairs Office, the administrative arm of the Fraternity Presidents’ Council;'" will be held at , 4 p. m. today through Friday in room 328 of the Union. The meetings will acquaint the persons attending the ealldutb With the activities of the FAO and reorganize the office for the svtmmer term. John Wilcox, senior executive of FAO, has requested that all sophomores who had formerly worked for the office plan to attend either the -meeting Wednesday or Thursday. Each house is expected to ha^ve one member i-epreseiitiiig its organization at the callouts. Duties Are Subdivided The duties of the FAO are subdivided inlo four committees: rush, scholarship, publicity and special events, each under the guidance of a junior executive. The workers are rotated from one committee to another so that they may learn the duties of each division. PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
ENRICHED BREAD' FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
University controller, secretary treasurer; with the following- directors, Mr. Webster, David E.
Ross, Lafayette, president of the gJ to August 24.
Board of Trustees, Allison E. Stuart, Lafayette, W. A. Hanley,
gan Monday, will- extend through June 27, the second will run from June 29 to July 26, and the third
The instructor for the summer swimming- classes will he Mary
Indianapolis, and John A. Hillen- Scoville, Univmsity staff member brand, Batesv.lle, all members of ^ graduate of the University of
the board of trustees, and Dean A. Michigan
A. Potter of the Schools of Engi-
neering.
New Organization
The. new set-up is designed to carry but the purpose of the University in developing- its aero
Dr. E. C. Elliott
. . . left yesterday for Washinp,--ton, D. C., to attend a meeting- of a
nautics program to the fullest ex- special committee named by tlie U. tent. Mr. Webster, who will also of Education to eonsider
r. V be on the staff of the ME school to colleges and college students
he didn’t want the job. Also, that he didn't consider luc ivn. .•,La<jui
P>’u-p fiHpH fn.' ii will work with various public and m wai-time emeigency.
, ’ _ private agencies in the expan.siori '9 'IckdS New Role program anticipated as a result of No one ever would have suspected it, hut Harold ^ke importance of flying in the war Ickes, the New Deal’s most Violent baiter of big bus- well as commercial aviation,
iness, has been performing- some quiet miracles in bb-
Ada Leonard
l^hn C. Halstead ... a student at the University for two years, is now at Ellington Field, Texas, where he is .studyingnavigation. Halsead received his bachelor and master of ai-ts degrees from the University of Michigan.
taining big business cooperation.
Not only is he now on good terms with the moguls of the oil industry, including- such bitter political opponents as Joe and Hovvard Pew, leaders of Pennsylvania Republicanism ,but he has also been getting
Everything for a College Education
DEAL’S
LAST DAY —2 HITS MAOnUNE tTIRUNa CARROLL * HAYDEN
IN TECHNICiOLOR — Plus — LLOYD NOLAN MARY BETH HUGHES — in — BLUE, WHITE and PERFECT
LAST SHOWING
with DOUGLAS FAIRBANKS AKIM TAMIROFF — AND — JOHNNY MAC BROWN MAN FROM MONTANA
SERIAL — CARTOON
— THUR. - FRI. - SAT. — — THUR. - FRI. - SAT. — THUNDERING HOOFS BADLANDS OF DAKOTA DICK TRACY vs. CRIME, INC. LATEST NEWS
(Continued from page 1)
went on a tour of army camp.s. It
„ ,, jtiiit completed a week’s engagecooperation from the railroads and trucking compan- Araflon iii Chicago. ' ri,, • . J- 4 1 J' J 4, ■ 4, 4 , . Spoi'I shirts or shirts and tier
Ihis IS one of the few good things that has comei-'^iT^j^^
Francis B. Meinke ... former University student is now a navigation cadet and has reported to the Army Air Forces Advanced Flying School at Turner Field, Albany, Ga., for the final stag^ of his training.
Hal Andrus ... has p-aduated from the Naval Air Station at Corpus Christi recently and was commissioned an ensign in the United .States Naval Resei've. Andrus formerly attended the Urtiversity and was active in the G|ee Club.
James T. Moore ... of Kenosha, Wis., formei' student at the UniVp'sity, will soon receive his silver pilot’s wings at tile graduation of the aerial gunnery and tactical tiiaining class at Foster Field, Victoria, Texas.
out of the war.
Ever since trucks began hauling freight, the feud between them and the railroads has been the toughest problem faced by the Interstate Commerce Com-
mission.
But now Petroleum Coordinator Ickes lia's.persuaded the ancient rivals to make a friendly division of the tremendous oil ti-aiispofthtion business whereby the railroads withdraw from short hauls, and ttini business over to trucks, thus releasing tank cars for the longer aiid more economic hauls. For instance, a railroad fank car, with u capacity of 8,i)00 gallons, operating between Whiting, Ihd., and tjie West side of Chicago, requires six days to make the “turn around.” But a tank truck, capacity 7,500 gallons, can do the same “turn around” in five hours. Thus, one tank truck, working 21 hours, (and all such equipment is on a 24-houi- basis) would relieve the equivalent of IG or 20 tank cars. These cars, in (Continued on page 4)
pl-op'ei- dress for the oc-
casion.
This is tile first big band to visit the campus thi.s semester and, in view of ihereasing- tran.sportation diffleultiegj. mky he' one of the last.
NOTICE 5UMMPR SCHOOli STUblNTS fly Eh'rolliiig in 6u'r New Thurs., June 4ih, 7:00 p.m. $uiiiimer Rates * P. M. Allen, Nationally Known Instructor ALLJ^IV’S 6lh and Ferry
Rill Uaywoilli Vtcloi InalDfe lohn Sniton Carole Landis
TOMPkBOW - FRIDAY
RAY McDonald LEO OORCEY "RAOS': RAOLAND DOUGLAS McPHAtl.
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
-TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE DIVE BOMBER 4 — with — ERROL FLYNN FRED M.tcMURRAY — Plus — BLUES IN THE NIGHT — with — PRISCILLA LANE BETTY FIELD
STARTS THURSDAY DOUBLE FEATURE RICHARD DIX ~ ih— CHEROKEE STRIP — Plus — SHE'S IN THE ARMY — with — MARIE WILSON LUCILLE GLEASON^ fW'j X ■*
1f^^e$<ifl^, /ii^^, 3» i'94?
Sp^ts
Athletic Director Mackey eport® Communique
Starred In Football Here
, By Don Brewer ' Everyone on the campus calls him “Red.” The real name of this scarlet-haired, puddy-complected athletic director is Guy
HaCkey. His long-time services to the great Boilermaker foot- utmost to maintain a healthy respect in the minds of Boilermaker op ball squads since his entrance into the University as a fresh- pooents, and we hope that through these personal articles, the students
man in 1025 has led him to the top role in Purdue athletics.
Today We begin a new series of articles on the Exponent Sports page designed to better acquaint the University as a whole with the members of the physical education and coaching staffs. They are as firte a groUp of men as any athletic department can boast. They are all doing their
r Utter? Spring
Red Mackey and the late Noble Kizer, nationally famous Gold and Black coach, came here together. Red starred as a wing man on the frosh and varsity elevens, eoadhed by Kizer. While directed by head cOach Jimmy Phelan, Guy also worked with Noble, who was then varsity assist-
ant.
Lengthy Service
The BoilerinSaker spoits boss served as assi^ant coach for 13 years and before his appointment as athletic director Keb. 25 of this year held down the position of adminis-
Camp Shelby Game Added To Riveter Football Schdule
Like so many athletes exiting from the halls of the University,
iilg.
ipronko Best “I guess Bionko Nagurski was about the most versatile opponent I ever faced,” ventuied Mackey in an interview yesteiday. “The Minnesota wonder wasn’t as big as some of them’, but as both a tackle and full-back he was plenty tough.”
The Gophers defeated Red’s squad Vandeibilt, Northwestern, Ohio bis last year, 15-0. State, Iowa, and Michigan State. “Chuck Bennett, Indiana’s half- The complete Pin due schedule for back, along with Repholz of Wiscon- this fall follows:
sin, and Tiny Lewis and Baker of Noithwestein, weie probably the toughest Puidue opposed in 1927-
28,” added the diiectoi.
Many Stars
Director Mackey also saw mahy famous Boilermaker gridiion .pioducts develop dui iiig his coaching career. Sleight, Cliff Haimeson. Pest Welch, Duane Purvis, Paul Moss, Lou Block, Cotton Wilcox, and Dave Rankin- accounted for the five official All-Ameiican titles, and three national pi ess awaids for football
supremacy.
Sept. 26—Foi'dham at Purdue. Oct. 3—Purdue at Vanderbilt. 10—Purdue at Northwest-
ern.
17—Pin due at Ohio State. 24—^Wisconsin at PurdUe. 31—Purdue at Iowa. 7—Gi eat Lakes at Pur-
due.
14—Purdue at Michigan State. 21—Indiana at Purdue. 26—Purdue vs. Camp Shelby at Hattiesburg, Miss.
Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. Nov. Nov. Nov. Nov.
JhsL lAmotL invUsA. ipiL io Apmd, ipjuA, huAJuUuL momsmJtA. in, ihsL ... MUSIC ROOM Enjoy its complete assortment of classical and semi-classical recordings. BROWSING ROOM A good book, comfortable chair, and pleasant atmosphere!
PUTTERING The ideal place hobby. You will enjoy features too.
ROOM to develop a all the other
JhsL fiiihdusL THmufdoL lAnmL Just take a walk / through the buikling!
may come tO know these men und6r more favorable conditions than are
found in PEM 12*.
Last night saw the announcement of a new crop of junior baseball managers, scheduled to see service with the Boilermaker diamond kquad during the remainder bf the year. The heW itiahage^s are Dean “Doc” Bbuton, PSE, member of Phi Kappa fraterhity, ahd Bill Spieth, ME, member of Delta Tau Delta fraterhity. The alternate selected was George Heidenreich, EE, Delta Tau Delta. Congratulations and good luck, boys.
Inframural Activities Present New Contest For Fraternities For the first time in the history of the University, fraternities will
Athletic Council Appfroyes Traick, Baseball Insignias
Purdue’s imposing football schedule for this fall, which bpens against Fordham’s Sugar Bowl champions here on Sept. 26, will be wound up with a service game against Camp Shelby at Hatties-
trative assistant to director Mai El- Miss., On Thanksgiving Day, ■Ward, who resigned la.st winter. announced today by Guy
Mackey, athletic director.
The addition of the Camp Shelby
iled found his vocational desires al- which last season won the tored and joined the Boilermaker Corps chalnpionships with Lt. Mike coaching staff' immediately follow- Byelene, former Boilermaker halting graduation. He came up fiom ha^, as the outstanding star, comNew Albany, Ind., to study dairy Pictes the most ambitious card in manufactuiing, having worked sev- Doilermaker history, calling for ten feral summers ai that occupation. against major opponents in
Mackey, a member of Sigma Pi fra- successive weeks,
ternity, dropped his agricultural The Boilermakers’home card will plans for collegiate football coach- be Unusually detractive. In addition
The new managers aren’t quite sure how much managing will falj to ^ game called Gold and Black
them as juniors. The baseball team is practicing now, but because of complications inyolving Big Ten eligibility rulings, it seems fairly likely that the Riveters will be unable to dig up any organized opposition during the presenj^ term. When the regular season comes around next spring, the junior incumbents will, batring any unfortunate accidents,, be seniors. Rumor has it that the two forces scheduled to clash Saturday afterttoon representing tke faculty and the class of ’42'/2, are laying plahs for a classic struggle. Ftoih the senior cahtp comes word that the game will be played strictly according to the recognized official rules plus a few of those credited to the Marquis bf QUefensbUry— while the seniors are ahead—and the uihpire is looking. It is implied that should the seniors lag in the total runs department, new
rUles Will be siipplied as the game progresses.
as part of their intramural activities, beginning this evening with practice games at 6:30 p.m., on
Stewart Field.
The game, which was originated by "Chief” Clevett, is a cross between football and basketball. This is the game which PE students break their necks oh, though they are really getting as much exer-
cise as if they ■Were playing basket- Alpha.
IM Schedules BowHiig Wednesday Night
6:30
Pi Kappa Phi-Alpha Chi Rho.
Theta Chi-Triangle.
Phi Delta Theta-Sigma Nu. Beta Theta Pi-Sigma Alpha_ Ep-
silon.
Kappa Sigma-Acacia.
8:45
Delta Usilon-Alpha Sigma Phi. Delta Tau Delta - Lambdq Chi
ball and they do not need as much
room to do it in.
Kappa Tau - Phi
Manager “Red” Mackey of the faculty squad is still searching for Goals For Game
to Foidham’s eastern title bidders, the Riveteis entertain at home Wisconsin and Indiana in the Big Ten and the all-stai Great Lakes eleven which is expected to be one of the country’s most powerful combinations. ^ ^ In addition to Camp Shelby, the road schedule calls for games with
Those posts with the two holes in the bankboard that are out in Stewart Field are the goals for this new game. The idea is to pass a ball, such as a football through the proper hole for a scoie. One hole is for each team. The way that Gold and Black got its name was that one side of the goal is painted black
material to strengthen an already formidable roster. Coach Mackey is maintaining discreet silence as to his proposed tactics in the approach-
ing fray.
The Boilermakers, wijth the addition of Camp Shelby to their grid schedule, face one of the toughefet and niost ardUoUs football seasons ever faced by a Riveter squad. Starting the last Of September, the team will see action with Camp Shelby, scheduled for
Thanksgiving Day in Hattiesburgh, Miss.
The service teams, garneiing some of the best athletic material in the
countiy, will undoubtedly be just as tough on the gridiron next fall as for one team, while the other is colthey have proven to be this summer on the diamond. With lulings per- ored gold for thq, other, mitting the use of players by the various camp teams regardless of pre- Each of the fraternities will play vious professional standing, it seems likely that they will produce elev- in this new game if they want to ens con esponding to the baseball teams which have caused major league maintain their participation points.
The games will be played Monday, Wednesday and Friday nights, beginning at 6:30 and 7:00 p.m., with no fraternity playing more than one game every three Monday nights. The eight top teams at the end of the season, will enter the play-offs
for the championship.
Must Pass Ball Through Board The main object of the game, besides getting banged up, is to toss or pass the ball through the opening in your own half of the goal ■(gold or black) and at the same time prevent your opponent fiom scoring. The oval may be tossed or
A total of 40 majolr 18 minor letters, and t4 ffeshman varsity numerals hare been awarded to the meimbdrs of the spring sports, squads^ it was announced by Gay IfKaelcey, athletic director, following approval by the insignia board of the Purdue Athletic Coun-
cil,
The freshman vhrsity numerals included nine football awards made to yearlings who qualified during spring drill, inclining J. M. Bahner, Clevfeland, 0.{ William Fend, Chicago, 111.; D. H.
Gamma Everett, 0.; A. Glazier, Thdi-
anapolis; D. C. Heck, Gary; R. E. King, West Lafayette; W. C. QL Brieh, Lowell; W. E, Prefile, New-
Phi
Delta.
Phi. Sigma Kappa - Alpha Tau
Omega. ^
Pi Kappa Alpha-Cary Hall Bouth. rnd'^'s. VaiTe, BimTnghal’
Mich.
Soft'Ddll Letter awards to the members of The following fraternities Will baseball, track, tennis, ahd golf play softball Thmsday evening, SQuads, by sports, were as follows: BASEBALL Diamond Majors—Tony Berto, Clinton
clubs to put in some difficult afternoons during the last few weeks At any rate the Thanksgiving Day weather for the Camp Shelby game should be somewhat better than Lafayette and Bloomington have been wont to produce for the benefit of Boilermaker footballers in the past. It could be better without being very good.
Twenty Teams Q[)en Cepfipetilmp Tonight In Bowling League Sponsored By Union
strong entry.
Close Race , , , ,
Since the two top ranking teams
Tonight the Union summer’ bowl- ~ ‘ ' ing league will get undbr Way with ^ue, the D. U. s will preserve the first teams taking tO the alleys tradition of always having a
at 6:30. This summer league was Originally ihtended as an all-cam-
pus tui rtout, but all the entries ex— t> fii'pppl'ion snd from onv "olocp outLot one have been the fraternitv direction and irom any place outcept one have been the tiateinity s,de the twenty foot ring. The goal
, their heels will field teams that stands m the center of a ring with
The bowling league is just a part a 20 foot diameter which is used
" “ “ campaign, the race should be a close one all the way. basketball.
Phi Sigma Kappa, Sigma Nu, Beta Theta Pi and Alpha Tau
teams.
of the large Intramimal summer program that will list events for every night in the week. Union vicepiesidents Coit Nelson and Betty
8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17
Each team will be composed of six fellows. There will not be any
Hutcjiins are in charge of the coh- out-of-bounds unless it is found that
strong lineups. The ATOs took a first in their bracket, but were eliminated in the fiist game of the play-
the winning team might try to run away with the ball. One rule which tries to cover that point is that no
duct of the teams entered, ahd all questions and disputes will be han-
dled by them. Champs Defend
Delta 'I'au Delta, winter league champions, will be on hand tO de-
fend their crown. The Delts weie Betas took the second playoff berth in any direction. GoU Ct BIrcIc
a last minute entry with their blank by a one game margin. Fifteen-Minute Halves ^ .
coming in just before the deadline League Plans The game will be played in two The following friffernities will set by the Union-. They have lost The plans for the league call for fifteen minute halves, with a five t.,^^ ^prac ice
several bowlers from the team that two bowling times each "V^ednes- minute rest between halves. The won the crown last year, but they day night. The first group ■will bowl scoring will be done by the one point are confident that they can turn at fiiSO^-and the second group will system, that is when ever the ball
off A'The Phi Sigs and Betas staged ^^n can hold on to the ball more a hot fight for the runner-up spot fban five seconds. In that time he in the same bracket, before the either pass or run with the ball
Betas took the second playoff berth ”■* ^^y direction.
Fifteen-Minute Halves
The game will be played in two
out a stiong five man squad. Another stiong squad is expected from the D. U. house. Although they have lost Joe Starek, one of
the best bowlers in the winter ponent.
follow at 8:30. Eight teams will be is passed through your own half of entered in each bracket. A sched- the goal, it will count for one point, ule of times and opponents will be If the ball should pass through your canied in each Wednesday’s Ex- opponent’s goal, it then counts for
What are you doing with YOUR LAUNDRY THIS YEAR?...
a field goal with no points added or
subtracted.
If a foul is committed, another point can be added by a foul shot. For the regular points, a pass can be attempted from either side of the field and fi om any point on the field outside the ring. The foul shots are made twenty feet in the front of the goal, either underhand or overhand. Rules Enforced Tthe lules of football and basketball, combined, when it comes to unnecessaiy roughness will hold good for the game. Four fouls will throw the contestant out of the ball game. Since each fraternity is to furnish their own refeiee, this will give each contest two judges.
Pi Kappa vs. Alpha Tau George Burghardt, Wheaton, HI. Omega. William Burghardt, WheatOh, HI. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Paul Friend, West Lafayett^'; C4rl Gamma Delta. Hipp, Johnstown, Pa.; Walifei- LeifAlpha Sigma Phi vs. Phi Kap- heit, Brazil; Harry McEerreh, Inpa Tau. dependence; Paul Petrich; ftfeylwrfds; Alpha Chi Rho vs. Delta Chi. Charles Rawles, West Lhfay^tte; Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Delta Robert Riley, West Lafayette; Theta. ter Smith, LaPorte; Mark Walton, Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Lambda Valparaiso; Ernest Young, Str<*; Chi Alpha. ' Ed Misselhorn, Kendallville. Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Pi Kap- Minors—Tom Burger, Dayton, O.; pa Alpha. William Carson, Cincinnati, Ohio; Pi Kappa Phi vs. Acacia. Irving Claseman, Clinton, Iowa; Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Nu. Frank Freiherr, Baltimore, Md.; Sigma Pi vs. Betq Sigma Psi. Robeit Kersey, Indianapolis; RiehDelta Upsilon vs. Sigma ard Myers, Gary; Charles Martin, Alpha Epsilon. Indianapolis; James Shoemaker, Triangle vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Zionsville; Charles Wright, EdTau Kappa Epsilon vs. Phi wardsport; J. W. Mercer, student Kappa Psi. manager, Indianapolis. Sigma Chi vs. Delta Tau Numerals—H. E. Allen, Lafay-
ette; R. W. Biddle, Brookstofa; R.
Theta Chi vs. Sigma Alpha h. Buysse, South Bend; J. Chinfe-
wicz. Hazel Crest, 111.; H. B. Curry, Decatur, 111.; G. W. Dicks, AubUm; E. S. Ehlers, South Bend; F. J. ETurs, Flemington, N. J.; J. H. Evans, DeMotte; W. L. Gates, Bicknell; D. B. Heacock, Uniontown, Ala.; E. F. Jones, Jasper; S. Kaiser, Walton; J. W. Kennedy, Lorain, Ohio; E. H. Mang, Russiaville; J. M. Martin, College Corner, Ohio; J. K. Moore, Camby; N. E. Nickoloff, Hammond; R. W. Schermerhorn, Wawaka; It. R. Schmidt, Englewood, N. J.; E. M. Timm, Whiting; F. J. Voight, Pearl
Rover, N. Y.
TRACK
Majors—Paul Anthony, Kenilworth, 111.; George Archer, Fort Wayne; Alison Arnold, Fort Wayne; William Bahcker, Baskbig Ridge, N. J.; James Conant, East Cleveland, Ohio; Encel Dodge, Warsaw; Charles Duesler, Albion; Joseph Edwards, Cincinnati, Ohio; Willard Gaulke, Hales Corner, Wis.; John Grimm, Garrett; Alexander
Mu.
Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Theta
Xi.
Theta Tau vs. Alpha Gamma
Rho.
The following Cary Hall teams will play softball Fridaj^ evening,
June 5: Diamond
1 Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 6. 2 Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 5. 3 Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 2.
Wednesday evening, June 3: 6:30—Beta Theta Pi, Kappa
Sigma, Sigma Alpha Mu, Alpha Gamma Rho, Pi Kappa Phi, Pi Kappa Alpha, Phi Kappa Tau, Kap-
pa Delta Rho.
7:00—Delta Chi, Alpha Gamma Rho, Alpha Sigma Phi, Delta Tau Delta, Phi Gamma Delta, Pi Kappa,
Phi Sigma Kappa, Alpha Tau Jentsch, Clifton, N. J,; Robert Kfcini,
West Lafayette; Don Kbmp, Fmrt Wayne; Clarence Kron, New Albany; Loyd McEachern, WellsviRe, N. Y.; Keith McLaughlin, IndihMp-
olis.
Minors — Woodbury Appleton, Beverly, Mass.; J. A. Clouser, sta-,
Tau Delta, Phi Gamma Delta, Phi dent manager, Anderson; V. C. Bill, Kappa Tau, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, student manager, Kokomo. Lambda Chi Alpha, Pi Kappa Minor Insignia—Ralph BarnfeS, Alpha, Cary Ha'll South. Oak Paik, III; Wesley Calhoun, Pbr^ “B” Bracket—Alpha Chi Rho, mer City, 111.; Frfed Kinder, IndlaUAlpha Tau Omega, Phi Sigma Kap- apolis; Robert Livinghouse, Plypa. Phi Delta Theta, Pi Kappa Phi, mouth; Norman Marozick, DeaSigma Nu, Theta Chi, Triangle, Plaines, 111.
Omega, Phi Delta Theta, Lambda
Chi Alpha.
Bowling Tourney “A” Bracket—Alpha Sigma Phi, Beta Theta Pi, Delta Upsilon, Delta
Kappa Sigma, Acacia.
Courtesy of Dartmouth *'Jack-o-LanterQ’'
A better method is to send it home regularly by Railway Express—and have it returned the same way. Our service is fast, sure—and convenient. Economical rates include pick-up and delivery at no extra charge within our regular vehicle limits in all cities and principal towns. Your choice of prepaid or collect charges. Just as convenient too, for 'most any shipment: Baggage, gifts, cake or a pet elephant.
Railwa:
.^Aexpress
ACBNCy INC.]
NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
Numerals—R. S. Allen, Hartford, Mich.; J. W. Amidon, I RocKestar, N. Y.; J. R. Ashwell, Advance; S. E. Baker, West Lafayette; L. R. Cohn, Gary; J. H. Culling, Webster Groves, Mo.; 6. B. Farnsworth, Park Ridge, 111.; M. O. Gernard, Fort Wayne; R. Hansen, Gary; W. J. Hairer, Spencer; S. J. Hinsch, Piqua, Ohio; D. V. MeVey, West Lafayette; C. B. Noelting, Evansville; W. K. Price, Monticello; D. E. Shaw, Park Ridge, 111.; V. Tufts, Mauemont, Ohio; H. G. Weidman, Roselle Paik, N. Y.; R. R. Willi, Western Springs, Mo. Numeral Insignia—J. P. Brebner, Green Bay, Wis.; T. R. Brown, Fort Wayne; C. W. Close, Fort Wayne; C. H. Feistkoin, Fort Wayne; P. A. Gutting, Shelbyville; W. L. Kercheval, New Albany; R. K. Md^rd, Rockfoid, 111.; D. M. South Bend; L. R. Pearson, apolis; C. E- Semmes, LafayeVtfej E. p. Sewaid, Rochestfer, NG. Young, Vincennes. ' ”
There will be a callout for freshman and sophomore b«eeball managers today at 4 pi. m. At the varsity baseball diamoiui.I'' 1.'•of
1' <
' 1 , ^ 'i .jr ' ,?V'■■'^ ' ’''‘S' ' i " «r*5-^ *> ’ j S?
__, , 'V ' / ■
Pursue Exponent
W^n^y, Junes, m2
= Sailors
SCOUTING THE SHOPS '
with Judy McCullough
liiiniiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiin;
= (Continued from page 1)
S pus. The community has stretched S and yawned and decided to stay S Wake and see eveiything theie is = to see about these sailors—at least
until the novelty wears off. Fiont poich generals who usually
devote the summers to sprinkling
ALL OUT FOR DEFENSE . . .
and that’s no dream! Who would have thought that noting the strict disci-
defense and pve could ever he connected? Well-’tis
tiue. -tis truc-and that is why lire “Record Spot” of '"S from classes. The few SoHt/„mrf/.’s is now pin chasing old records for replace- r emaining coeds despite the already inent in the disc inanufaclunng industry. Despite the ^taggeringly high ratio are eager present deciease in pioduction, you’ll never he With- ® ® ^ out a Son^ because now’s the tune to leplenish your ' ying peop e ^ ^ ^mown stock of old recoi ds > ou love as well as iccoid accessories and i adios. ^ ^ worrie Claude Thornhill’s orchestra has recently done a bit of sweet le- the sailors would cording foi Columbia and the tunc is an old favorite, Soinet/nng To ®’ ose same in ivi ua s ave
Remember You By with vocals by “A Pail of Pairs”. Benny Good- eir pi les o envy a D Jf man’s hep^hit, Jersey Bownre can now he found gracing Columbia “Y comp e e y e a s ar- , , , records with BucUe Don n WuusocAi on the other side, while Dinah ^he past week- /
Shore sings Sleepy Lagoon to perfection for Victor.
Hazelton To Speak At Fitness Meetings
Helen Hazelton, head of the department of physical education for women and state i epVesentative for women on the physical fitness piogram of the office of civilian defense foi the state of Indiana, will act as discussion leader and piogiam chan man at thiee of the six district meetings to be held this week for county lepresentatives of physical
fitness.
Yesterday afternoon she went to Rensselaer, today she will speak at Columbia City, and Thursday she
will go to Greencastle.
ALL OUT FOR COMFORT . . . and beauty as well in play clothes from the Fashion Store. W’hat with summer wcatlier definitely and more consistently making appearance heieabouts, you’ll find a complete wai diohe of slacks, shorts and play suits stiictly indispensable. The varied selection of slacks includes separate pants with a fly-front and a reet pleet, made in non-wiinkable stiutter material; two-piece slack suits with long fitted, or belted jackets; and thiee-piece suits consisting of the tiousers, a blouse, and jeikin. One paiticulaily clever thiee-piece cotton playsuit consisting of a tennis dress, ‘^horts and a bolero is made up of sanforized shrunk cotton, and the material design is the exclusive and popular cotton boll pattern—perfect for that so-impoitant crips, cool appearance. Otheressential summer playtime casuals are long and short-sleeved slack blouses and white pleated shaik-skin shorts.
end.
Press, Radio Hears Of Secrecy Local press and radio men got their first taste of war time secrecy when Commander Nonweiler withheld information concerning the time and the place of the arrival of the sailois’ train. It was a military
secret.
Saluting between Army and Navy officers presented a problem for some of the cadet officers and the sailors, each unaccustomed to the ranks of the officers of the other forces. Small boys, without which any body of marching men is conspicuous, have begun to ignore the miniature marching batteiies of the ROTC on Corps day and instead, follow behind the sailors as they move from the EE building to “USS
Cary Hall West ”
Destined To Become Old Stuff To the officeis in charge of the
HOT WEATHER HEADGEAR . . .
tins season presents an all-oeeasion array of gay “cra-
nium covers” for every liour of the day. And carrying Navy men, this all seems very natop lionois in fasliion as well as utility are turbans, tural They have seen the same 'i ^ Loeb’s present turlrans of Cbenile, silk jersey and fish- things happen at other universities net—in black, while and colors! Turbans to be worn vvheie Navy training schools have l/^g with slacks, play clothes, sports or dress—wrap around been set up. They predict that with styles or others conveniently “made-up.” If it’s not a 200 moie sailors coming to the Uniturban you’re searching for, perhaps you’d like a white tennis, golf, veisity each month, by the time the clutch or yacht hat—or ewen a new crew hat (this year they’re in quota^of 800 has arrived, the colors). But if you just can’t bear the thought of turbans and hats .i
then why not brighten your scarf supply with a new floral bandana
of Svashable cotton?
Senior Day
(Continued from page 1) E Christian and Pi of 11 G DeKay of the Phaimacy school. Prof H E Allen, Pi of L W LaBice, C C Reeck and S Voinofl of the PE school, J D Hatfield of the Chem school; A R Spalding of the Mechanical school, and K I Fawcett, R L Heniv, Pi of J H Hilton, C G Irion, Pi of L .S Robeitson and G F Rocdel of the Ag sdiool “Red” Mackey stated yestcic'ay that any faculty nicmbei not listed Skull and Crest eiif, sophonioic men’s lionorair, will hold the soda concession loi Senior Day. The organization will also supply an amplifring system foi the progiam. on the “lettered squad” who wished to paiticipate in the Senior Day' liaeas should contact him immedi-
ately
Ball, Master of Ceremonies Dick Ball, editor of the Debus,
will serve as master of ceremonies at the ball paik and will introduce
both teams before the game. Immediately following the senior
parade. Pi of Fiank C Hockema, assistant to the president, will toss out the fiist ball and the softball classic will get under way at approximately 2 pm Upon popular request, “Pop” Doan, manager of
Aero Society To Hold Open Heeling Today
eiices Will hold an open meeting today in room 3(13 of the Union at 7 30. A picture, “Cannon On Wings,” a Bell product, will be
shown
All students enrolled in Aeionaatical Engineering coiusos are invited to jour At the last meeting the following officeis wcie elected Kail Schakel, chairman, Ficd Voll-
society Is sponsoied by Pi of K Wood and Pi of E. F. Bruhn Prof. Pauli Speaks On Cosmic Rays Piofessoi Wolgang Pauli,
umpnes Gold Peppeis dressed in their yellow senior sweaters will lend moral encoui agement to the teams in then capicity at “water
boys” for the game
Mahns To Play
Maury Mahns and his orchestra
will piovide the music loi the .Senior Day Dance Satuiday night from 8-30 until 11 30 in the Noith Ball-
room of the Union All
for physicists, but also for chemists, mathematicians and engi-
neers.
with then dates, but senior women not accompanied by dates wearing cords must show then passpoit. All seventh semester students with ’43 on then passpoit photographs will seniois be consideied seniois regardless of
wearing coids will be admitted free then piesent Univeisity standing.
Top of the Hill
(Continued from page 2)
turn, are being placed on the lohger hauls from the Gulf to the East
Coast.
Result of such economies and overtime operations is that railroads, which normally move practically no oil to the East Coast, are now moving 660,000 barrels a day. Tankers (ships) normally supply 95 per cent of the East Coast requirement, but with the withdrawal of tankers, tank cars are being rushed into the
breach.
It is the aim of Coordinators Ickes and Eastman to meet the minimum daily requirement of the East Coast by overland transportation. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc )
Notices
Freshman Camp Counselors; Anyone in-teresU-d in actinj? as a counstloi at the Aufifubt frebhmun camp should call or Ktt in touch with Dr Graves (3164?), Schalliol (55052), or Singer (8412) . --SINGER All Military Students Malce-up examinations for the removal of 0" rradea in Militiiy 'iraininjr 2 1 ami G will be Riven at 1pm Satuidav June (> in the Aimory All students having 'C Rr ides in llusecomsts mubt rcpoit to the Adjutint in the mam office of the Armoiv, prior to 4 p tn Friday, May 20, for dctaihd instiuctions —RIORDAN CE 41: An examination tor the removal of C 01 I Rradcb will be hdd in loom 125 Hcavilon Hall from 1 30 to 4 30 p m on Saturday June 6 Permission to take the cxamin ition must bo obtained from th( undtrsiRiicd before June 4 —GREVE Condition Exams in Math* Examination to remove yiade of C m Math will be Rweu on Situiday June 6 at 2 p m in the Reeilation buildiiiR Permits should Ik obtained ill Math olliee not latci than Wednibdaj, June 3 —AYIRS WAA Golf Tournament: Beffinncrs and advamed toiunamcnts beRin Monday, June 15 Sign up m the Girls gym —GANNON Aviation Cadets: The Aviation Cadet Information Bureau for students desiring information regarding Aviation Cadet Training (Deferitd Service Plan or immediate service plan) is now located in Room B-4, basement, of the Aimory Hours Monday, June 1 tO-11 , Tuesday, June 2 1-2 Wednesday, June 3, 3 4, and bnday, June 4, 10-11 HICKS Advanced Course Military Students: The Purdue Older of Military Merit invites all advanced course military students to attend a smoker in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union Wednesday, June 3 at 7 30 p m —EDWARDS Seniors: Seniois graduating in Ang or Dec may still sign up the week of June 1 in the Debris ofhee aftei 4 pm Theie are btill 200 who have not signed up
—BALL
All Model Builders The regular inocting of the Aeromodelers will be held on Intiamuial Field Wtdnesday June 3, at 0 45 p m Bring anything that looks is though it might fly Anyone mUieSt(d is in vitfd to eoine A flying d( nionstiation will be hdd -SMITH
^ P.T A. Chorus: Will those interested in singing in the PIA Chorus please sign up in the PlA office before Tuesday, June 9, or call Hendricks 41961. —HENDRICKS AWS Executive Board* Meeting Wednesday, June 3, at 4 p m in the AWS office
—CROLL
Student War Council: Meeting Wednesday, June* 3, m the Union Office at 7 30 p m —DEUSTER Alpha Phi Omega. Official pledging to be held piornptly at 7 30 p m Tuesday, June 9, m loom j03 ot the Union All actives be* piesent —WILBUR IAS Milling ol the IAS Wed, June 3, loom 303 of the Union at 7 30 pm A pictine Cannons or Kings ’ will be shown -VOLLMER Fiatcrnity Affairs Office* Sophomore callout will bi held Wed lluiis, lu, June 3 4, 5 All aophonioit woikeis must be tlieie —ULRICH Theta Alpha Phi* Meeting Wednesday, June 3 at 12 noon in the cafeteria
—CLARK
Archery. Aulieiy tor all men students will b( lull! every Monday Wednesday and I'*! id n fiom 4 to 5 10 pm at the arcluiy innge adj icent to the Women s tennis com ts Efiuipment and instiuction will b( aviilable without ehaigt at the* lange —FREYMAN All Junior and Senior Military Students: Theie will be a smoker for all members of the Advanced Course on Wed , June 3 ut 7 30 in the West Faculty Lounge Movies of camp will be shown and Captain Johnson will speak Unifoims wiU not be worn —DODDS Gold Peppers* Picnic with Reamers is postponed to Sunday, June 21
—SIMONS
Newman Club: All members of Newman Club Intelested in a mixul doubles tennis louinamtnt should call 2413 and notily Chailie Claik —LANUTI YWCA Cahinent 9 he usual meeting on Monday at 1 p in will not be held Instead tlu Cnhinct will mett W(dn<sday June 3 at 1 p m in the YWCA office —PETERSON Zouaves Squad foi Coips Day drills June 4 iml 9 will be chosen today —JACKSON Condition Exams In English Exams loi removal of C s in English will be held Sut June 13 Irom 1 to { ji m in loom 201 Univtisity Hall Removal of C ends mav Ik ibt lined in the English Office in Univtisity Hall —CREEK
Phi Lambda UpsUon: Keys have arrJvfedf.
New members may get same by
Alpha Chi Rho house —ADAMS Chinese Students: Fii-st meeting will be held Friday, June 6, at 7 p m.Mn room 808 of the Union LIANG Alpha Psi Omega; Alt interested in working at camporee on June 12, 13 call Wilbui*,
phone 8028, before Tuesday, June 9
—WILBUR
WAA Tennis Tournament: The following mntebefi must be played off by Saturday, .Tune 6^* Hoeven vs Platt, Cooper vs Steigtrwnld Faiistich vr Smith, RubenM^nig ys Evens ■—SCHUBER Pi Kappa Phi* Interfratcrnlty Presidents Council dinner and meeting, Thursday, June 4, at Pi Kappn Phi house at 6 p m
—RIDER
Chemical Engineers: A I Ch E smoker will be held Thursday, June 4, at 7*30 P m. in room 355-363 of the Union Everyone is invited —MURRILL
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all Ipaliw sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C J Ebershofl, 606 Maiir,
Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Ijost: Slide rule with E K Swanson on
town will have become accustomed
to the seamen
But while the community is still awake it is anxious to know what the new lesidents in Cary Hall are like Many things can’t be told— militaiy seciets What time the sailois get up iii the moimng lor then e\eici'-es is infoimation withheld It can be told, however, that
Univeisity .Student Blanch ol the Ikeii oxficises make PEM 12 look Institute of the Aeionautical Sci- that a lai’y would play
at hei 81st biithday party A-lter a veiy busy day in the EE
building, tlie sailors lepoit for dinnei in the evening From the end ot the meal until seven p m the sailoi.s may wiite letters oi lio anything else The time is then own At seven they begin studies until letiiing at an caily horn 'Phe sailois, except those that aie on special
men, vice chaiiman, and Rohcit duty have shoie leave'Satuiday altWingeit, seei ctai y-li( asm ei Ihe nnoons and Sundays
The “Bundles lor Blue Jackets
Club” sponsoied by the Navy Relict with hcculquai Lers in the Fowlei Hotel arc sponsoiing dances and dinneis for the sailois. Fiona 25 to 50 sailois will be invited out to dinnci this next Sunday to lamilies w'ho volunteeied The dances aie expected to get under way next
nowiicd physicist ol the Iintitiite \,eek Dates will be aiiaiiged by the for Advanced Study, Piinceton dab with giils who volunteei A Univeisity, has come to the Uni- Luge hiimbci have already signed veisity to deliver a senes of lec- up, but gals will dill be accepted,
trues on “Modern Theories ol Cosmic Rays” ’Phese lectuics stai tod last night, and will he held eveiy Tuesday night at 7 30 in the physics
lecture room
His lectuies aie of a non-math-ematical natuie and primanly
ticket sales, and “Doc” Cole, ot the stress the philosophic and histoiical Operation Fool You,” at the Annual Student Health Seivice, will act as *ispects of the development of the Conierence ot the Indiana Frozen
cosmic ray They are designed only pood Locker Association; a lesume
LET’S STAMP OUTyTHE AXIS!
Prof. H. G. Venemann . . . associate piofessoi of lefiigeiatioii in the School of Mechanical Engineoiing, pieseiited one ot the mam topics, “Do Not Let Perfect
ot this talk appeals in the May, 1942, issue ol The Locker Opeiator. Prof. G. E. Lommel ... of the School of Civil Engineeiing and chaiiman of the Indiana State Planning Boaid, will be in Loganspoit today to addiess the Rotary Club on “Planning in Indiana.”
SHORTAGES may worry you. Shortage of Gasoline, of Tires, Sugar, Etc. — but there is NO SHORTAGE in the Quality of Crown Cleaning. The highest standards are still maintainer. Crown Laundry
America must be first—on the fields of battle, on the sea, and in the air. For those of ns who arc still at home, whether we are serving on defense projects or not, our job is to share in our government. t£7”8' STAMP OUT THE AXIS! ■k 'k in BUY T. S. SAVIMGS BDIVBS and STAMPS ★ ★★★★★★★★★★★★★