“ Yf ^ ^ ^4'’
iWSfs^iiiMHa
the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, September 22, 1937
NUMBERS
Student Senate Renounces Campus Smoking Tradition
Gimlet Club Actives Pick Twelve Pledges At Brief Membership Meeting Last Night Formal Pledging Ceremonies Will Take Place Tonight At Delta Upsilbn House At a ihembership meeting breaking all records for brevity, Gimlet Club members last night elected 12 pledges. The athletic booster honorary society met in the Union Building and between 7 o’clock and 9 o’clock
Al Stewart Selects 38 Students To Sing In Men's Glee Club Thirty-eight voices on the campus were selected last Thursday and Friday after extensive tryouts by Albert P. Stewart, director of musical activities at the University to comprise the Men’s Glee Club for this year. The first rehearsal has been scheduled for 4 o’clock this afternoon in Eliza Fowler Hall. The men expected to report at this time are: First Tenor—D. Bowden, D. CaI tron, J. Davis, M. Munson, W. Netherton, C. Starbuck, C. Stewart, H. Wadleigh, and W. Wagner. Second Tenor—J. Amt, O. Baker, M. Campbell, E. Carlquist, A. Lawson, J. Crump, H. Weigandt, P. Worcester, and W. Yeoman. First Bass-r-V. Coddington, M. Erickson, F. Franz, R. Hewitt, R. Kohn, A. Lennox, C. Mosiman, C. Powell, D. Sinish, and T. Stephenson. Second Bass — J. Cochrun, M. Doyle, R. Green, R. Hamilton, A. Lahr, G. Lewis, J. Phillips, J. Shepherd, J. Ritchey, and R. Ziegler. John Phillips is the manager of the Glee Club and Ted Feucht will be the accompanist. Plan Reception For Catholic Students All Catholic students o:^ the University who are interested are invited to attend a freshman reception to be held at St. Mary’s gymnasium tomorrow evening, at 7:30 p.jn., members of the Newman Club announced last night. A well known campus band will play for dancing, and refreshments will be served. St. Mary’s is located on South street, back of the church. Members of the Catholic Youth Organization will be present.
picked the following pledges: J. E. Brock J. A. Dilts W. H. Fifield D. W. Frush R. H. Horner R. N. Lemen B. S. Markel W. C. Musham R. F. Obenchain D. J. Rohyans G. W. Roper C. T. Swan Actives and new pledges of Gimlet Club will meet tonight at 7:30 in the Delta Upsilon house for formal pledging ceremonies. Music Enthusiasts Will Organize Club Organization of a “Music Room Club,” intended to meet bi-weekly and grow into a music appreciation group, will be planned at an open meeting tomorrow night at 7:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. Union vice-presidents in charge of the Music Room, Martha Wood and Ted Cabonargi, will conduct the meeting and help organize the club. Membership will offer access to the recording machine, for which this year there is an increased library of selections available, including three complete operas. The group will assist in Sunday afternoon concerts and pre-Convo-cation build-ups. Suggestions for improvement of Music Room service will also be invited and carefully considered. Last year’s membership in a similar organization totalled 150. D. U.Prexy Returns Howard M. Humphreys, president of the University’s chapter of Delta Upsilon, national social fraternity, returned yesterday from the National Delta Upsilon Convention held in Berkeley, Cal.
Thirty-Four Greek Letter Organizations Pledge More Than Four Hundred New Men
With the publication of the following thirteeen pledge lists, the number of active Greek letter organizations pledging men rises to 34. This group of 34 houses has listed as its pledges some 400 men, largely from the ranks of the freshman class. Acacia—R. G. Beavers, Decatur; C. F. Bowman, Lowell; E. N. Cox, Lojiisville, Ky.; W. J. Dickinson, Delphi; C. L. Hansing, Elkhart; P. C. Hardy, Elkhart; R. J. Horth, Indianapolis; L. A.*Johnson, Millington; R. E. Johnsoi\, Orleans; G. E. Metzger, South Bend; G. S. Pea^e, Gasport, N. Y.; J. G. Richards, Indianapolis; N. H. Riise, Doylestown, O.; D. D. Schinbeckler, Columbia; W. L. Shedd, South Bend; J. E. Stall, Frankfort; I. S. Willis, Romney. ''Alpha Gamma Rho — Donald Paarlberg, Crown I’ointj; Elmer Nesius. Remington; Willard Bainbridge, Greensburg; John Turner, Terre Haute; Stanley Hurst, Manila; Donovan Faust, Elwood; John Stewart, Greensburg; Gilman Stewart, Greensburg; and Norman Horrall. Deck?’-, Victor Stein, Goshen.
Alpha Tau Omega—^L. Lind, Edinburg; J. George, Akron, N. Y.; R. Greenburg, Whiting; W. Dempster, Barberton, 0.; E. Clark, Lafayette; J. Webb, Springfield, 111.; E. Grier, Peoria, 111.; J. Rotz, Indianapolis; W. Punnell, Flandreau; S. D.; R. Maynard? Indianapolis; J. ^ Clark, Jeffersonville; W. Rehm, Logansport; J. Powell, Indianapolis; T. P. Cooper, Chicago, HI.; C."Edwards, Jacksonville, 111. Delta Chi—A. B. Copeland, Elkhart; W. Fegely, Terre Haute; R. E. Gits, Rugerside, 111.; T. I. Hamman, Terre Haute; W. T. Jones, Gary; F. E. Lee, Ft. Wayne; J. A. Lindeman, Hammond; R. E. McWhirter, Elkhart; P. J. Pauline, Terre Haute; S. R. Peterson, Washington, D. C.; H. A. Price, Brazil; and R. H. Schwindler, Linden. Delta Tau Delta—Ralph Wunderlich, Bedford, 0.; Joe Hays, Indianapolis; David Yeoman, Rensselaer; Thomas Petty, Warren, 0.; Cameron Michelj, Antioch, 111.; Fred Mendez, South Bend; David Sloan, Chicago, 111.; Perry Davis, Denver, (Continued on Page 3)
Huge Bonfire To Cap Pep Session Friday Before Butler Game Bonfires! — Speeches! — Cheers! All this and more has been planned by the Gimlet and Reamers clubs, sponsors of this year’s pre-Butler rally. The celebration is to begin at 7 o’clock Friday evening before the annual Purdue-Butler tilt—^this year’s battle marking the fiftieth anniversary of pigskin competition between the two universities. A parrade, starting from the village at 7 p. m., will terminate at the Field House where the pep session will swing into action at 7:30. Although definite arrangements have not yet been made in regard to the speakers for the evening, the officials of Gimlet and Reamers have been trying to get President Elliott and several other notables to address the crowd expected. Other speakers will include the Boilermakers’ captain, Marty Schreyer, and possibly other members of the squad. A bonfire, built from packing cases and any other kind of timber that the two clubs succeed in scraping together before Friday evening, will blaze on the hill back of Ross Ade Stadium, and lend a cheery atmosphere to the gathering. Repeating the request in yesterday’s Exponent, the merchants of Lafayette and West Lafayette are asked to leave packing boxes, old crates, and any other combustible materials in front of their stores Friday, so that students collecting bonfire material may pick it up in trucks. Murphy Will Speak To Alliance Group “Can America Remain Neutral ?” Prof. Charles B. Murphy will ask and >ttempt to answer at an open meeting tonight of the Purdue Student Alliance at 7:45 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Peace, freedom, security, equality are the fourfold* principles of the Alliance. Professor Murphy will open the Season with his speech relative to peace tonight, and on alternate week-ends thereafter other speakers will discuss the remaining points at bpen meetings. Bryant Will Play For Frosh Mixer Friday Bud Bryant will lead his band, in the nation’s leading swing tunes for the University freshmen Friday evening from 9 until midnight in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. This dance, sponsored annually by Skull and Crescent, national sophomore men’s honorary, is open to all Univei’sity freshmen. All that is required for admission is a green passport with a picture on it that slightly resembles the bearer. No dates are necessary be^ cause co-eds have been invited. Members of the intfer-fraternity president’s council and president of the P. I. A. will be honorary guests.
SOPHOMORE WORK SCHEDULE Wednesday—Houston, Issue editor—Paarlberg, Farquhar, Tafel, Cox. ’ Thursday—Farquhar, Issue editor—Woodson, 'l^errio, Insley, Deckard. Friday—Paarlberg, Issue edi-. tor—Kellei', Frederick, Tafel, Torrence. Saturday—Olson, Issue editor—Kroeplin, Frederick, Keller, Loveridge.
Seniors Will Strut Saturday In Cords^ Derbies^ Mustaches Blossoming forth in bright yellow corduroys, black derbies and a motley assortment of moustaches. University seniors will assemble on Stuart Field at 1 o’clock Saturday afternoon to begin their annual parade to Ross-Ade Stadium. Marching by schools, the seniors will enter the southeast gate, strut around the cinder track, and-take ,seats in a section reserved for them on the west side of the stadium near the 50-yard line. Prof. C. S. “Pop” Doan, ticket manager, said last night that this choice section had been reserved for wearers of 'the cords. No seats will be set aside for other classmen for the Butler game, Doan said, but seats will be reserved according to classes—^freshman, sophomore, junior, and senior —^for other home games. He said also that 6,000 $3 tickets were allot ted to Purdue for the game with Indiana University on November 20. No cheaper tickets will be available. Club To Present Movies Of Gliders In Action At Open Meeting Tomorrow As an introduction of their organization to any and all interested students, members of the Purdue Glider Club will conduct an open meeting tomorrow night at 7:30 in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. Entertainment for the evemng is to include several reels of motion pictures —shots taken of the club ships in flight both at the University and at Benton Harbor soaring site in Michigan. Old members of the group will present a brief review of the Glider Club’s past activities, and will describe its organization. Officers for this year will be: Webb Moore, president; Fred Eade, secretary; and Frank Crosby, treasurer. Club members have been working on a dual control secondary glider which they plan to put into operation as an additional glider next week. Students To Vote Off Election Ties On 29th student Senate will copduct popular elections in the civil engineering and home -economics schools next Wednesday to break ties between R. L, Lippman and R. L. Reiley, sophomore civils, and between Fay Pendergrass and Lorene Ristow, J. H. Jacobi and R. I. Schumacher, co-chairmen of Senate’s reelection committee said last night. Elections will be held in the two classes of those schools during the entire day, the chairmen stated. They are "^ying to get the use of the Home Economics Building and Civil Engineering Building for the elections. Senate president Rohyans appointed two new committees last night: R. C. Fatout, J. R. Keck, and Frances Raebig for investgating poiisibilities of cutting down registration railroad ticket forms; and Fred Ahrens, chairman, Ruth Hall, J. L. Taylor, and Mary Townsend for making a report on the University student directory with a view toward Senate’s taking over the job of preparing the directory for publication. Rohyans announced that the Senate’s ruling that any member missing two consecutive meetings would be automatically dropped from the organization, was going to be upheld this year. He named H. E. Montfort, Senate vice-presideni;, as chairman of Senate committee chairmen.
Executive Committee Confirmation Needed Organization Unanimously Declares Itself in Favor Of Permitting Smoking Anywhere On Campus Purdue’s “No Smoking” tradition, old as the institution itself, exists no longer in the eyes of Student Senate—body representative of University students. Unanimously, Senate last night passed Dick Craig’s motion declaring the organization in favor of permitting smoking anywhere on the campus except where prohibited by companies insuring University buildings. Thus Senate practically abolished the tradition that 11 months ago it, along with other campus organizations, had launched the strongest campaign in Purdue history to uphold. Confirmation by the University executive committee is yet necessary before Senate’s measure goes into effect. Absence of President E. C. Elliott and his assistant. Prof. Frank Hockema, caused postponement of yes-
terday’s proposed session of Senate meihbers with the executive committee, but another meeting is set for next Monday. Varied Views In a session packed with action, senators presented views on campus smoking widely different from those voiced when-the topic was brought before the group last Friday by President Dan Rohyans. Many Senators favored maintenance of the tradition at that time, while few were willing to abolish the custom entirely. After disposing of various committee reports last night, Rohyans again asked for discussion of the smoking terms. Fred Ahrens ridiculed any attempts to enforce obedience to no-smoking area regulations, and Craig followed with his motion that the Senate vote to abolish the tradition. ' Given Five Minutes Herb Fischburn sided with Craig, and the call for “question” was answered by unanimous affirmation of the motion. Scarcely five minutes were given to the entire discussion. Rohyans appointed R. I. Schumacher, P. S. E. ’39, chairman of Senate’s committee on smoking to investigate possibilities of keeping the campus clean through use of containers and other conveniences. Other members of the committee are M. D. Barrows, L. A. Rieth, and Mary Townsend. WAA Will Present Punch Bowl Today W. A. A. will hold their annual Punch Bowl this afternoon at 4:00 in the Women’s Gym. The purpose of the meeting is to introduce to the new co-eds the athletic activities on the campus. Skits illustrating various sports and routines of the modern dance by the Orchesis society will be given . W. R. H. girls who wish to attend the tea have been given permission by Miss Helen Schleman, director of the Hall, to be late to their picnic with Cary Hall.
'Senate's Action OK' Says Campus Opinion When the Student Senate last night took steps toward abolishing the “no smoking” tradition, not a dissenting vote was cast. Several hours later when the Exponent interviewed by telephone several students and professors no disagreeing person could be found. In facL most of the opinions were definitely favorable to the Senate action, as shown by those of: W. C. Musham, senior mechanical, “A tradition that has to be enforced is really not a tradition. L think the Senate did the best thing that it could do.” Prof. J. H. McKee, English teacher, who himself is partial to a pipe, “I really don’t believe in traditions as a general thing. Any tradition that is not self-sufficient does not deserve to live. “And yet, at heart I am enough of a conservative to dislike to see a custom as old as this one die. On the whole, however, I am pleased with the idea.” Betty Ann Stewart, WSGA prexy, “It was the wisest thing to do. I think we would have a much neater campus if smoking were prohibited but under the present conditions the Senate did exactly right.’ Dan Rohyans, president of the Student Senate, “In my opinion it was one of the most practical attempts to settle the question that has ever been made.” Schilling Will Play Senior Cord Dance After Butler Game Lou Schilling and his orchestra will make their first campus appearance for the year with the initial appearance of the traditional senior wearing apparel. The occasion is the annual senior cord dance to be held this Saturday night in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. ,
Co-edsPlan To Don Manly Senior Cords In Clamor For Upper Class Recognition
By Georgann Schilling At last rebellion has come and the days ef feminine oblivion have ended; in about three days, on the afternoon of Saturday, the 25th to be exact, Purdue -co-eds will begin to reap the glories for which they have so long labored. No longer need the co-eds blush sadly when some uninformed person blurts out, “Oh, do you go to Purdue? I thought it was a boy’s school.” Nor do senior co-eds ever again need to sit on the sidelines on “Cord Day,” enviously watching jJieh- fellow classmates (the eds) proudly march past. This year the
female of the species wifi^ also gallop gayly around the stadium— their gold and black streamers adding zest to the colorful senior cords, moustaches, and derby hats. “Recognition” is the goal for which these marching women strive. This year their dream for recognition will be realized for soon they will be wearing their chosen class regalia— the gored corduroy skirts. At Homecoming the senior co-eds will sally fox'th for the event in fittted skir^ fashioned of yellow corduroy. We bow in admiration to successful senior girls who have taken tlMar j^aee in the pterade.''' ' w
II **1 ■A ^ fp m» f‘ ’ j^i, j. , ^'’ .
-'■>%■
m : y
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday# September 22,1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
^setinted *i|ress
RBPRB9ENTBD FOR NATlONAl. ADVERTISING BY National AdvertisingService, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICASO - BOSTON^ L09 AMGELE3 - SAN FBAHCI8C0
Editorial Phone 5037 Campus Subscriptions S3 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street . Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3.50 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
R. P. Manion
Tliis newsfiaper ij written, edited, and published by undorpraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it,, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Editorial Staff
MANAGING EDITOR..
..J. E. Brock
ASSOCIATE EDITORS D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schi-oeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS L. C. Parquhar, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. • A. Kroeplin, D. L. Olson, B. T. Loveridge, G. A. Torrence, A,; B. Keller, R. J. Deckard, D. Paarlberg, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson. Co-ed Staff CO-ED EDITOR ! Elizabeth Pyke ASSOCIATE EDITORS ..Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee. SOPHOMORE assistants;;.., Mary Davis, Patricia Heine, Patricia Henry, Alice, Martens, Yvonne Price, Mildred Ross, Emily Sawdoh, Georganne Schilling, Helen Steffee, Katherine Thrasher, Betty Wickard, Joan Wimborough.
BUSINESS MANAGER D. C. Miller Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate 6f postage provided for. in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Business Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER J. P. Girard Local Advertising Staff LOC.fL ADVERTISING MANAGER... ......R. R. Hensler SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS E. A. Antonini, ' W. A. Beman, V. R. Daugherty, H. R. Gingher. National Advertising Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER W. J. Gillilan SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS J. R. Pouts, J. R. Drever, H. W. Nevin. Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER ...M; C. Reeves SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS......... W. F. Berg, R. L. Lippman, O. E. Lorenz, W. E. Smith. . Sports Staff ■ SPORTS EDITOR R. F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS ..J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer. SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS G. W. Bruer, C. W. Brown, J. Collins, W. H. Murray, W. F. Qualls, J. A. Hebbeler.
NIGHT EDITOR L. S. Hardin ISSUE EDITOR.. SEPTEMBER 21" 1937
.J. C. Woodson
EXPONINT PLATFORM 1. Improve student housing conditions. 2. Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods.
A Natural Death Initial and quite effective steps toward abolishing the rule of “no smoking on the campus” were taken bji the Student Senate at its second meeting of the year last night. The student governing body unanimously voted to abolish the rule except where enforcement of no smoking is necessary to meet requirements of insurance companies. “This proposal will be submitted to the Executive Committee of the University for their approval. We feel the Senate is to be commended for this action for several reasons. First, and probably most important of those reasons, is the fact that the. rule has not been enforced, except in half-hearted fashion or during occasional spurts of school spirit on the part of booster organizations. Failure is never a good reason for abolishing anything, except where failure is inevitable. In this instance, our opinion that the rule could not be enforced coincides with the opinion of many others. In early days the campus was much small-’ er than the rapidly spreading octopus it has become today. The no smoking rule grew from a tradition begun in those early days. Then it was easy to keep from smoking within a small restricted area. Too, the habit of smoking was not as universal as it has become today. But recently we have seen the smoker gradually seeping into the forbidden area, until there was hardly any “forbidden” area left.
He could not be stopped. Numerous attempts have been made, but all met with failure . . . complete failure. Periodically some organization would get an inspiration. “Let’s enforce the rule,” its leaders would say. Then would begin a drive, which, after a week or so, would die a natural death when the zest of battle faded and new worlds to conquer confronted the organization. And so it has gone year in and year out, while the smoker continued his steady advance. Occasionally the University administration would add its warning to the periodic uproar over the problem. The action of the Senate, if approved by the Executive Committee, would put an end to this dilly-dallying and lay the problem to rest in a permanent grave; The Senate’s action was sensible. It was complete and definite. It should meet with approval both by the committee and the student body.Of course we hate to see an ancient and once revered tradition cast aside, but there is no other solution. We had a sort of sentimental affection for the tradition. As we watch it pass into the pages of history we feel a pang which must be similar to the one experienced by our fathers who saw the horse and buggy give wp,y to the auto .. . the gas light replaced by electric bulbs ... vodvil give, way to talking pictures. We draw these comparisons, not in a facetious or joking manner, hut in a sincere attempt to express our sentiment toward the passing of the no smoking tradition. We know that there are those who will regret deeply the abolishment of the rule, but hope they will believe as we do, that such action is the only possible and sensible way to settle the problem once and for all. We repeat: The Student Senate is to be commended for its action. —A. H. F.
By Mary Cooley Betty Coed is 100 years old! In 1837 the Oberlin college catalogue announced that “young ladies of good minds, unblemished morals, and respectable attainments” would “attend recitations -with young gentlemen in all the departments.” Educators were shocked that Peter Pindar Pease founded Oberlin to give feducational privileges to “the misguided and neglected sex.” Thus coeducation began. Today Oberlin selects its students and prohibits fraternities. The social program is far from neglected-— a girl may have her first date( for the day) when her boy-friend rides her on the bars of his bicycle to class or chapel in the morning. ^ * * * Professor (talking to class): “This class is like a ship. Some of you are like poor sailors—you will fail and go overboard. Others will be outstanding and receive A’s for admiralty. But the majority of you will be able C pien.” Missouri’s champion Romeo had to shpvtr ’em! And he still has the 100 ringlets of feminine hair that are mounted on a sheet of cardboard to prove that he won the bet. J. Roy Tucker, now a well-to-do business man-farmer at the age of 66, was a student at Westminister College at Fulton, Mo., 40 years ago. He owned a new phaeton and a team of prancing horses, and he
bet a classmate $100 that he could take 100 different girls riding on successive nights. From each girl he snipped a curl and mounted it. “I won the bet,” Tucker said, “but it cost me about $300 to entertain the girls I took riding, so I don’t know whether it was such a smart bet or not.” , Your boy-friend or your girlfriend (anyway, whomever you are dating) is called your “play-mate” in the University of Wisconsin vernacular. * * * * “Dick Powell always left a quarter tip—-every meal!” A co-ed at Pomona College in California told us why it was a pleasure to wait on table in the college dining hall while Dick Powell was on their campus making one of his recent pictures. , v #fc ^ ^ s{: The modern college course menu should provide less “ice cream” and more “spinach,” according to Dr. Merle Odgers, president of Girard college at Philadelphia. Dr. Odgers declared that fewer courses or a “directed reading program” should be given to students in place of the present day “snap” courses offered by American colleges. “I should like to see a situation develop where a young man or a young woman who elected what was supposed to be a snap course, would be as disappointed as the little boy who crawled under a big tent thinking he was into a circus and found instead that, he was in a revival meeting,” said Dr. Odgers.
What, Where, When? By Sally McKee
Another question—today about passing the serving dishes. Shall plates move to the left" or right, clock-wise or counterclock-wise. The ser-vilig dishes of one course should all be placed in the same neighborhood on the table, and are started by those who can most easily reach them. Dishes can be passed either left or right. There is no rule of etiquette about this, but they should all be going in one direction at any particuar moment. Much confusion is incident upon the receiving of both bread and beans by one person from two directions. One suggestion—if there are guests present, the food should be passed either left or right, which ever will reach them first. Again all should follow one. josselyn Describes His Recent Visit To France L. W. Josselyn, of the University library staff, who is president of ,the Lafayette Rotary Club, described his visit to the International Rotary Convention at Nice, Prance, at the meeting of the Exchange Club last Monday.
STILL KAMPUSSING: Co-ed delayed>rush is getting hotter all the time. We won’t mention any names. It will prpbaby burst open about October 2. The Kappa’s and the Alpha Chi’s stand the freshwomen at the bar. The Theta’s and Pi Phi’s squeeze them in a booth. The Chi O’s have their own grill. The Alpha Xi’s say—so what ? Even the fuller brush man D. U. STALLINGS couldn’t sell the sophomores on the idea of letting the freshmen shave off the hair worn on a man’s upper lip. Advertisement—-Chi O sorority will needle and thread any senior cords that are brought to them. Our motto “We Satisfy”. For recommendations, call last year’s Sig Chi freshmen. Shame on the seniors of ALPHA GAMMA RHO—what a dirty trick; you are playing on your freshmen by not pledging them till after the j Butler game. Can’t you protect your cords and moustaches. Upper Classmen — Have your freshmen identification cards when you try to crash the freshmen dance. Camera’s don’t lie. RUMOR— Louise Bain is ready to leave town after promoting that so-called date bureau. HEARSAY— P. Z. Horton, Phi Gamma Delta, has moved across the river to live near a certain Kappa. REPORT— Louis Smith says last year it was Charlie Cole, but now his name is Dick (Chamberlin). TALK— That the Union will have a cord dance Saturday night. GOSSIP— Ex Union Prexy Shoemaker is now free—or will Louise’s influence radiate from New York to Indiana. SCANDAL— Dial 7026 or 2975. NEWS— Chi 0, Marian Graves is trying to raise a moustache—as least as good as any Kappa Sig’s. WE NOW STOP KAMPUSSING. The Pi Phi’s claim that since they had their new water heater installed they are the only “clean rushers” on the campus. My fraands, this column thrives on contribution!, Don’t forget the MARS passes for the best contribs of the week!! ' . University Publishes 23rd Read School Proceedings Proceedings of the 23rd annual road school here which was held last January have been published by the University as one; of the series of engineering' bulletins issued quarterly. The proceedings contain copies of papers and addresses presented at the school which attracted 756 persons concerned with highway construction and maintenance. Prof. Ben Petty, head of the department of highway engineering in the school of civil engineering, and in charge of the rdad school program, edited the document which is being distributed to those who attended and others requesting it.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
9-J7
I9S7 by Sjmdlmte, _Ine«
‘‘—and now could you show us where they make newsreels?”
REGISTRATION PAY CHECKS Persons who worked for the Registrar during the fall registration may obtain their pay checks by calling at the Registrar’s office. R. B. STONE, Registrar.
ADULT TAP CLASSES ENROLL NOW Beginners Friday, Sept. 24, 6:00 P. M. Intermediate Thprs., Sept. 23, 9:00 P. M. Advanced Thurs., Sept. 23, 6:00 P. M. ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Co-Edits
Co-eds And Cords Class spirit is rapidly spreading among senior co-eds as plans for cord skirts and a cord mixer, similar to that given for senior men by the Union, materialize. Actually the senior women will be able to attend the mixer of October 16 free of charge by wearing corduroy skirts, the distinctive mark of senior worn-
Athletic-Minded Girls To Attend WAA Sport Tour All girls interested in the W.A.A. outdoor fall sports program are invited by president Mary Ellyn Delaplane to attend an athletic tour from the Women’s Gymnasium, oh Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock. A special invitation is extended to the freshmen women. Archers in action will be observed on the range and a demonstration hockey game will be ip progress.
When Lorna McLeod, co-ed executive of the Union told manager Vallely of the Union that the senior women were to wear corduroy skirts, he answered, “When do you want your cord dance?” His cooperative spirit is greatly appreciated for the dance will add prestige to the honor of being a senior. Bright colored sweaters and blouses will top the now* and clean cord skirts at the cord mixer. The cleanness should be especially noticed in October, for the girls are planning to spend no money on the cleaning of the light colored skirts.
Pear is the most frequent cause of student failures, says Dr. T. Luther Purdom, director of the bureau of appointments and occupational information at the University of Michigan.
-LAST DAY—
—STARTING THURSDaybarton MacLANE ANN SHERIDAN in ‘WINE, WOMEN and HORSES’ —and— WILLIAM GARGAN in “SHE ASK FOR IT”
hdAPia Last Times Today
PICTURE YOU DREAMED SOME DAY YOU’D SEE! A GAY AND GORGEOUS ROMANTIC MUSICAL! SONJA TYRONE HENIE-»^PCWER
—STARTING TOMORROW— JANE WITHERS in ‘WILD and WOOLLY”
—LAST DAY — “CHARLIE CHAN AT THE OLYMPICS” -and-— CHARLIE RUGGLES , IN ■ ' I “TURN OFF THE MOON”
—STARTING THURSDAY— DICK FORAN in “PRAIRIE THUNDER” —and— CESAR ROMERO in “ARMORED CAR”
ARC
— LAST DAY— ANN SOTHERN and ROBERT YOUNG in ‘Dangerous Number” ■ —Also— NOAH BFERY, JR. in “The Mighty Treve” —Plus— POP EYE CARTOON
—todaydouble FEATURE
Another Dawn
-^ELUS— “THE QUITTER” with Charley Grapewine Emma Dunn Wm. Bakewell Starts Tomorrow 2 Feature Hits 2
“BULLDOG DRUMMOND AT BAY" Ita First Run
Geo. Brent Anita Louise in the “GO-GETTER">J
Ji ij;
Skt
\\ . I j i ,iii,,uMHJ'ilJi: ► <* <*, “’?!>■ 'S i „ !i 't, ^ ^ ?<|^.- if**
Wednesday. September 22.1937
Cross Country Team Members Work Out; Keep Condition Log After recording their weights and conditions on Coach Phillips’ log, the' members of the cross country team trotted out to the Stadium, went through warmup drills, did a brisk three miles, returned ^o the Field House, again recorded their weights and condition^ on the coache’s log, and retired to the showers. Coach Harmon Phillips is working out with his trackmen, while drilling them in earnest in preparation for the regular cross country schedule. Co-captains Lemen and Terhune of the regular track team, are working out with the fall tracksters to keep in shape for their first season under Phillips. With a trip to the Central Intercollegiate Meet at Lansing, Mich., up as a reward for outsiia^nding performances, all cross country aspir-
Campus Golf Tournament Will Be Next Feature Of Intramural Sport Program All campus golf is the next big intramural feature of the intramural department for those students who are not organized and are unable to enter into inter-fraternity competition. An entry fee of ten cfents is payable at the Intramural office before a man can enter the play and when 30 or more signatures are on the list posted in the Memorial Gymnasium, the matches will be started. To date only eight have signified their intentions of entering the contest.
ants are being given careful consideration. All students who desire to “take their fling” at the cinder sport, or who have any ability in that direction, are urged to attend the meeting which will be held at Ross-Ade Stadium tomorrow at 4 p. m.
We carry a full line of Parker Pens and Pencils. H. G. (DEAC) REISNER
Come in and inspect our fountain pen counter. A complete line of Parker Pens and Pencils. SOUTHWORTH’S
DECKER’S have one of the most complete lines of Parker Pens and Pencils to be found anywhere. 518-20 Main Phone 6477
IMPROVE YOUR DANCING ADULT ADVANCED CLASS In the Late Ballroom Dances Thursday, Sept. 23, 7:00 P. M. Beginners May Enroll in Our New Class Friday, Sept. 24, 7:00 P. M. Phone 2150
ALLEN’S Sixth and Ferry
One Thing That It Takes To Bring Yoii Higher Grades
The Revolutionary Pen with now in a new and Superlative Model —Parker^s Speedline Vacumatic! Now—to help put your Learning on a higher plane than ever, Parker presents its greatest achievement—the new Speedline Vacumatic. j A conquering Pen is this, because it never runs dry in classes or exams. It gives you continuous year-round mileage if you merely fill it 3 or 4 times from one birthday to the next. Held to the light, it shows the ENTIRE ink supply—shows days ahead if it’s running low. A wholly exclusive and original style—^Parker’s laminated Pearl and Jet—now with restful Speedline shape. * And not merely modern in Style, but modern also in mechanism. Its SACLESS and patented Diaphragm Filler radically departs from all earlier types, whether they have a rubber ink sac or not. Good pen counters are now showing this pedigreed Beauty. Go and see and try it today. The Parker Pen Co., Janesville, Wis. Makers of Quink, the new pencleanmg ink. 15c, 25o ana up.
THAN OUR FAMOUS DUOFOLD
VACUMATIC^
OUARANTBIO MBCHANICAUV PeRPECT Pent, $5, $7.50, $8.75, $10. Pencils to match > $2.50, $3.50, $3.75, $5.
Lemen Places In Pacific Coast Track Meets During Summer; Gains Revenge
By R. Jenkins It was a rainy afternoon late last May. The cinder track at Ann Arbor was becoming softer and soggier as the 1937 Big Ten Track Meet progressed. Along the bafek stretch came a group of outstanding low hurdlers in the Conference. In the lead was a fellow named Lemen, and folowing him were two men from Michigan, Mason and Osgood. Stumbles Bob Lemen, Purdue track star, was still in the lead as they swept up to the last hurdle. Then, just as he crossed the last hurdle, Lemen’s leg gave way under him and he lost his balance. The two Maize and Blue thinlies raced past, and the Boilermaker lad managed to recover enough to pull in just behind them. This gave him third place iiL^ the 220 yard low hurdles. All that is history and it gave Bob a place on the Big Ten track team which traveled to the Pacific coast last summer to participate in two prominent track meets. Intercollegiate When Bob entered the 220 yard low hurdles in the National Intercollegiate Meet, he was again at the starting line with his two Michigan rivals. This time facing the best hurdlers in the country, the Boilermaker representative not only ran fourth but finished in front of both Mason and Osgood of the Wolverines, who had passed him on that rain drenched track at Ann Arbor less than two months before. Before returning to the middlewest, Lemen entered the Pacific Coast-Big Ten Meet in which he finished third in the hurdles, again outdistancing his two rivals. Co-Captain Outstanding on the track team for the past two seasons. Bob has been named co-captain of this year’s cinder squad. With the new Field House nearly completed, indications of a new track regime at Purdue are apparent, and Lemen is prepared to start it off with his last and greatest season for the Gold and Black. j Union To Sponsor Class For Knitters; Plan Contest Enthusiastic knitters, as well as beginners, will have the opportunity to attend a free knitting class that is being initiated by the Union Club under the supervision of Martha Wood, tonight at 7:15 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Helen Jacot of Loeb and Hene’s will give instructions. She will bring scrap yarn and needles to teach the beginners the various type of stitches. A display of new yarns and patterns will be shown. At the end of six weeks a contest will Be held. The pr^ze will be given to the person whose knitted articles has the highest selling value, although it IS still the property of the girl who made it. The purpose of the contest is to impress the gi:gls with the money value saved by knitting their own garments.
Mother Robin scolded and 1,200 Wheaton (Illinois) College students left chapel by another door rather than disturb the avine maternity* ward nestled near the northeast
exit.
New Gymnasium Now Available To Athletes Closed to most of the students of the Univei^sity, the new gymnasium is now being invaded daily by those seekers of an education who supplement their mental exercise by such physical work as football and track. Both squads have lockers in the basement and take advantage of the shower facilities which are offered. Plenty of room for athletic equipment, spacious expanses of lockers raised above the floor on cement bases, and tiled showers with chromium fixtures that eject a fine broad spray all characterize this building which will soon be the stomping ground of all the athletically minded Boilermakers. Due to be o|)ened about November, everything within the gym is modern tq the nth degree. The final touch is being lent by the radio in the equipment room which peals forth its swing tunes for the football and tyack managers as they labor away at their duties. Dissatisfied, Bo McMillan Schedules Hard Scrimmage For Indiana Gridiron Squad Dissatisfied with the work of the varsity eleven. Coach Bo McMillin has scheduled a stiff scrimmage session today for the Indiana football squad. Poor blocking has hindered execution of plays, and today’s drill is expected to end the heavy work in preparation for the opening game here Saturday with Centre college. Expecting stiff opposition from Centre’s veteran squad, built about such stalwart ball carriers and triple-threat backs as Ed Dance, fullback, and Jimmy German and Dick Stahl, quarterbacks, McMillin has concentrated on offensive tactics this week. STANDINGS NATIONAL LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York
85
54
.612
Chicago
- 85
57
.598
St. Louis
. 77
66
.538
Pittsburgh
76
66
.535
Boston
. 71
71
.500
Brooklyn
61
82
.427
Cincinnati
56
85
.^97
Philadelphia
56
86
.394
-Results—
Pittsburgh,
9; Boston,
2.
St. Louis, 8-6; Brooklyn, 5-3. Chicago, 7; New York, 5.
Cincinnati, 6-1; Philadelphia, 3-10
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York
94
45
.a76
Detroit
84
58
.592
Chicago
78
62
.557
Cleveland
75
66 .
.532
Boston
73
65
.529
Washington
67
74
.471
Philadelphia
48
91
.345
St. Louis
42
99
.297
—Results—
Boston, 12-1;
Deti’oit, 7-4,
Philadelphia,
5; Chicago, 4
(11
innings). Cleveland, 6; Washington, 3.
» the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
— Hardware —
— Florist —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
dioih J'JoJd&jt Inc. 635 Main St. in Lana Thealyre Buildingr Phone 7955—8050
— Bookstores —
PROFESSIONAL
‘‘DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK! 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
Fielder's Choice
Our football squad has been liicky in having good weather for their practices so far this year . . . early indications didn’t look so promising ... it rained the first day of workouts and the boys had to chase the pigskin around in the mud. —^fc— Monday witnessed the first scrimmage of the frosh against any of the varsity . . . they took on the third team and had a hard time in keeping the veterans from making too many long runs and drives. ^ —^fc— Four men were injured in Saturday’s inter-varsity game but none of them were hurt seriously . . . . Selby came off the field after he was knocked out and didn’t know what was going on ... he came out of it all right though, and is O.K. now. —^fc— “Mai” Elward really believes in working the boys out... witness his having the entire football personnel which was on hand Saturday run back and forth across the field after the game about eight times ... he must be conditioning them for long touchdown sprints which we hope they will be making regularly this season. —^fc— The Dolphins gathered in the Memorial Gymnasium yesterday afternoon and planned their line of attack for next week ... That’s when they start teaching the freshmen military students how to swim . . . Here’s luck . . . they’ll need it. —^fc— Bob Lemen, Purdue’s stellar track co-captain,\is sporting a coat that he garnered out on the Pacific Coast this summer when he went out there with the Big Ten track squad . . . He’s warming up for fall track now. J. J. Davis Gives Smoker In Honor Of C.M. Packard C. M. Packard, newly appointed chief of the Division of Cereal and Forage Insects of the U. S. Department of Agriculture at Washington, D. C., was the guest of honor at a smoker recently given at the home of Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Davis. Packard has been in charge of the U. S. Cereal and Forage Insect Laboratory at Lafayette for the last 11 years. The smoker was given by his staff and by the University entomology staff. The 30 students and staff members presented Mr. Packard with a pipe set as a token of esteem.
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS
—TODAY—4:15— N. Darrow vs. H. Leshner H. Deale vs. R. C. Stroub H. Bloom vs. P. E. Johnson Croxall vs. J. McGrath R. DeHoog vs. R. L. Richardson W. B. Billings vs. C. B. Richey H. E. Templeton vs. R. D. Juve J. P. Taylor vs. J. C. Woodson F. D. Martin vs. L. Brodsky J. Powell vs. E. D. Ayer W. Orr vs. I. K. Huffman D. Newton vs. E. J. Kosowicz O. W. Brockman vs. E. A. Little R. W. Anderson vs. R. W. Oyler W. F. Berg vs. R. E. Dunn F. Caldwell Vs. D. Blitz. W. P. Thompson vs. I. Fosse R. Tillson vs. J. E. Flaut M. Jones vs. D. Douglass —5:00 p. m.— G. Frey vs. D. M. Chenoweth M. V. L’Heureux vs. R. N. Housekeeper H. L. Wagner vs. E. L. Bissell M. A. Kline vs. W. L. Vaughan. J. M. Crump vs. R. Fleming G. H. Goodwin vs. G. R. Frye W. Catterall vs. G. Nicklas D. C. Meyer vs. M. M. Hoffman D. E. Wilkins vs. J. W. Gershuny L. W. Meyer vs. D. Drain R. Hargesheimer vs. E. L. Bissell H. Weiner vs. W. Curry G. A. Hest6rberg vs. E. Lown J. E. Ludberg vs. H. W. Lownie J. A. Hebbeler vs. A. Boksenbom C. B. Hufford vs. R. J. Ruth O. Cyvizler vs. J. H. Johnson
WARD MANAGERS WANTED Anyone interested in being ward athletic manager come to the intra-mural office in the Memorial Gymnasium at the earliest possible date^
Dolphins To Tmeh Military Freshmen Art Of Swimming Fifteen members of the Dolphin swimming club met yesterday at the Memorial Gymnasium to formulate plans for forthcoming swimming instruction periods for the non-swimmers in the freshman military batteries. Dr. Eastwood, newly acquired member of P. E. faculty, met with the Dolphins and aided them with their plans.
34 Fraternities Pledge More Than 400 Men (Continued fijjom Page 1)
Col.; Edward Chester, Elkhart; Robert McGhee, Gary; Donald Shoemaker, Elmira, N. Y.; Keith Correll, Oblong; Milton Reeves, Columbus; Fred Daoust, Rochester; Dick Rhodehamel, Indianapolis. Phi Kappa Tau—A. Bitzer, River Forest, III.; F. Caldwell, Lombard, 111.; J. Deal, Coronado Beach, Fla.; J. Flett, River Forest, 111.; F. Carver, Omaha, Neb.; R. Hagens, Casper, Wyo.; L. Hinrichs, Winnetka, 111.; R. Hultgren, Wilmette, HI.; C. Kniskern, Miami, Fla.; O. Lessa, Oak Park, 111.; R. Reading, Davenport, la.; W. Sachse, Omaha, Neb.; R Schiebel, Wilmette, 111.; C. Stewart, Westfield, N. J.; K. Snyder, Oak Park, 111.; F. Snedden, Greensburg, Pa.; R. Held, Indianapolis; R. Johnson, Wilmette, 111.; H. Meyer, Wilmette, 111.; H. Tomlin, Evansville; and K. Danton, Waterloo, la. Theta Tau—R. A. Wente, Hamilton, 0.; G. Ference, Whiting; F. Mentzer, Mishawaka; W. E. McMillen, Hammond; and H. W. Heinrich, Chicago, 111. Tau Kappa Epsilon—^R. Bostwick, Lafayette; T. Canada, Jamestown; J. Dudzinski, East Chicago; G. A. Herrero, San Jose, Costa Rica; E. H. Hafft, Versailles; H. P. Kwasny, Mishawaka; C. B. Michael, New Marion; J. Reeves, Lafayette; G. R. Small, Ambridge, Pa.; J. A. Sipall. Ambridge, Pa.; M. Vasile, East Chicago; B. Watson, East St. Louis, Mo. Phi Gamma Delta—^The following men are Phi Gamma Delta pledges instead of Phi Pi Phi men, as erroneuosly stated in yesterday’s Exponent: C.C. Reeves, Dayton, O.; W. L. Roth, Hammond; G. W. Baker, Cleveland, O.; G, F. Moore, West Lafayette; K. Smith, West Lafayette; R. L. Durham, Lafayette; R. C. Potter, Sioux Falls, S. D.; and C. A. Heidbreder, Quincy, 111. Sigma Phi Epsilon—Robert Strain Louisville, Ky.; Dave Wood, Indianapolis; Ralph Braun, Dayton, O.; Clarence Roudebush, Harrison, O.; Robert Theard, Indianapolis; Don Walsh, Pelham, N. Y.; John Petty, Lebanon, Pa.; Ralph Heckel, Chicago, 111.; Pete Scott, Ashland, Ky.; Everette Butler, Louisville, Ky.; Dan Heiple, Peoria, 111.; Bill Knapp, W. Lafayette. Pi Kappa Phi—-D. B. Anderson, Chicago, 111.; F. P. Boretta, Bedford; R. L. Daniels, Chicago, 111.; D. E. Dehoogi Libertyville, HI.; R. C. Gulion, West Lafayette; V. D. Harms, Plossmoor, 111.; T. A. Harris, South Bend; F. A. Hatch, West Newton, Mass.; M. J. Miller, Muncie; P. J. Porter, West Lafayette; R. B. Reed, Westfield, N. J.; R. W. Sheay, West Lafayette; G. H. Shoemaker, Chicago, 111.; T. J. Turner, Chicago, 111.; G. R. Winter, Chicago, 111. Theta Xi—T. E. Hoover, Elkhart; W. P. Kane, Western Springs, 111.; W. B. Loeffler, Oklahoma City, Okla.; L. S. McKee, Lafayette; D. S. Marden, Grosse Pointe Park, Mich.; L. W. Meyer, St. Louis, Mo.; R. D. Millholland, Indianapolis; R. C. Newman, Niagara Falls, N. Y.; C. Ristow, Indianapolis, L. C. Russell, Norristown, Pa.? F. T. Sarginson, Niagara Falls, N.Y.; J,A. Scott, Gary; and W. D. Thompson, Kirkwood, Mo. Triangle—J. P. Smith, Cleveland, 0. Triangle fraternity practices a deferred rush system whereby men are pledged the first of the second semester. Phi Kappa Sigma—G. A. Knapp, Hinsdale, 111.; L. C, Ruth, Hinsdale, 111.; D. C. Wright, E. St. Louis, 111,; E. A. McQuillan, BellevUle; W. G, Wright, Winnetka, III,; J, E, Bosse, Evansville; B, M. Babbitt, ^ Hamburg, N. Y,; A. S, Minor, Louisville, Ky.; L. B. Quinn, Chicago; A. Jf. Ingersall, Worthington; A. S. Howell, Detroit, Mich.; and A. H. Miller, Port Wayne.mmmmmKmm
.ft
iSl.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, September 22, 1937
14
I i
i .
Ifl
ff'-
Mi'
Counselors Meet, Review Freshman Co-ed Problems Georgianna Huber, chairman of the freshman orientation committee, was in charge of a counselor’s meeting in the faculty lounge of the Union Building at 4:00 yesterday afternoon. She reviewed some of the recent problems of the freshmen girls and how they were dealt rvith by the counselors. She also announced that Mary Gene Jarrett, president of Women’s Pan-Hellenic League, had asked the counselors to observe the rush rules by not getting dates for their freshmen women. Girls wishing to secure part-time work are advised to leave their schedule cards in the Dean of Women’s office. The meeting was concluded with a general discussion pf the freshman’s individual problems.
Local Ads
. STUDENTS — Grab this offer quick. Three fili’and new portable typervi’iters for only $15.00 each. Investigate. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. East Side.
Alpha Phi Omefea — Meeting Wednesday September 22, at 7:30 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. All members must be present. —MOORE.
LOST—Black billfold containing athletic pass, reliable receipts and money. Liberal reward. Clyde Reynolds! Tel. 76062.
LOST—Plain Theta pin. Between Library and Purdue Hall. Reward. Please call 5031.
FOR RENT — Half of double room. 224 N. Salisbury. Phone 61774.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
P. E. W. Horseback,,, Riding—Classes have been formed in horseback riding as follows: beginners, Monday 1:30, and Wednesdays 2 :30 : advanced, Tuesday 1:80 and Thursday 2:30. Classes begin Monday, September 20. Anyone wishing to join a class should communicate with me at the Women’s Gym. —KNIGHT.
P. I. A. Membership Salesmen—• Please turn in activity cards of new members as soon as they are filled out. —SCHLUNDT.
W. S. G. A.—Executive board meet in office September 22 at 7 :16 p. m. —STEWART.
A. S. M. E.—All engineers are Invited to the A. S. M. E. meeting on September 23 at 7 :30 p. m. in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Refreshments will be served.
Zouave Squad—All members wishing to take part in this year’s activities report to the Armory September 22, at 4 :15. Meeting
place will be designated at that time. —VANDERFORD.
Swimming—W. A. A. open swim September 23, 7 :30-8 :30. Persons interested Triton Club report at 8:30 until 9 :30. —STOWALTER.
Chi Epsilon—Meeting at 8 p. m. September 24 in Memorial Union Building. —ROSE.
Knitting Class—Will meet September 22 at 7:16 p. m.iiin the faculty lounge. Free instruction by Mrs. Helen Jacot of Loeb and Hene’s. —WOOD.
Date Bureau—W. S. G. A. office will be open only from 4 to 6 p. m., September 23 and 24. —BAIN.
Y. W. C. A. Cabinet—Important meeting September 23 at 4 p. m. in Y. W. office. —BRYANT. S Camera Club—All material must be removed from lockers in dark room by September 23 at 6 p. m. or it will be confiscated. —SAMULSON. Eta Kappa Nu—Important meeting September 23 at 7:16 in room A, Memorial Union Building. —WELLS.
Skull and Crescent—Important meeting 7 :30 p. m. September 22 in room F of the Memorial Union Building. —DREVER.
Union Sophomores—Work on the directory starts September 22 at 4 p. m. in the
Union office. —TURNER, EASTBURN, WOOD.
Music Room—Everyone interested in the formation of Music Room Club meet in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building, September 23 at 7:30 p. m. —WOOD, CABONARGI.
Glider Club—Students interested in Glider Club activities, and old members meet in deception room of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 p. m. September 23.
Purdue Student Alliance—Open meeting September 22 in the Jabulty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 7 ;45 p. m. Prof. C. B. Murphy will speak on. Can America Remain Neutral?” public is in- \ —buckles.
Chi Epsilon—Meeting September 22 at 8 p. m. in room D of the Memorial Union • -ROSE.
Chi Epsilon—Meeting September 22 instead of September 24 at 8 p. m., in the Memorial Union Building. —ROSE.
Catalyst—Important meeting September 23 at 8 p. m. in room 202 of Heavilon Hall. Plans for senior parade will be made. —PFORZHEIMER. '
Track and Cross Country Men—Meeting of all track and cross country men at the Stadium at 4 p. m. September 23. —PHILLIPS.
Purdue Flying Club—Open meeting September 22 at 7:30 in room- B of the Memorial Union Building. Important. Freshmen and other new students invited. —CONWAY.
Playshop—All persons interested in working on any of Playshop’s committees leave names at Theatre Office in Eliza Fowler Hall any afternoon this week. —MILNE.
Union Cafeteria—Students interested in working at banquets in the Memorial Union this year leave schedules in the cafeteria office. —NUGENT.
Pianists—^Pianist for weekly radio program. Apply to undersigned before September 26, at 128 North Grant street after 4 o’clock. —MERRIAM.
University Orchestra—The following will report, Monday, September 27 at 8 p. m., to the studio in Eliza Fowler Hall for rehearsal. This does not include Several of those whose tryouts have been deferred: Appleyard, Bigelow, Diggins, Eberhardt, Greger, Hackleman, Hart, Hartley, Hocker, Jewett, Jones, Kimmel, Newhouse, Orlowski, Peterson, Pressler, Rlfenburgh, Robertson E., Robertson J., Schlitter, Schoger, Schreiber, Schuttte, Senne, Stroup, Suardi, Thomas, Wood, Woodward, Wyzykowski, Zettel. —PHILLIPS.
Mi
Freshmen Co-eds—All girls desiring to work on the Exponent meet in room B of the Memorial Union Building at 4:30 p. m. September 23. —PYKE.
Freshmen—All freshmen interested on working on Exponent the coming semester should report to room D of the Memorial Union Building at 4 p. m. September 28. —BROCK.
That Purdue and Lafayette spirit moves forward will be demonstrated in two outstanding events taking place this week
First - - -
A fine display of fall merchandise to be shown on live models in the windows of many of Lafayette’s progressive merchants whose names are listed below, Wednesday evening, September 22nd. The events of the evening will be opened with a parade by the Jefferson High School Band, starting promptly at 7:00 P. M. The live models may be seen in the windows from 7:00 until 9:00. Be sure to see this event.
r\
Second - - -
Lafayette merchants of the Retail Division of the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce join with wide awake Gimlet and Reamer Clubs of Purdue in staging a gigantic football pep session Friday night, September 24th. Festivities are to start promptly at 6:30 with a parade which will form at the top of State Street hill. The program will take place in the new Field House. Be there on time! We will be with you. More information will appear in later editions of the Exponent.
WELCOME BACK TO PURDUE
GREATER LAFAYEHE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
RETAIL DIVISION
Arc Theatre A.B.C. Shoe Co. A. & P. Tea Co., 405 Columbia St. \ Adler’s Alan’s Peter Anderson Co. B. & W. Shoe Co. Bachman Drug Store Baltimore Clothing Shop Bartlett Drug Co., 410 Main St. Clark Floral Co. Decker, Inc. Dewenter & Co., Inc. Eaton Sisters Fashion, The Fireproof Garage Ford-Hopkins Drug Co.
Fourth Ave. Amusement Co. Firestone Service Stores, Inc. Guarantee Tire & Rubber Co. Geisler’s Clothes Shop Graves Quality Bakery Hays Jewelry Co. Haywood Publishing Co. Hook Drug Co. Horner Motor Company Journal-Courier Katz Exclusive Millinery Kienly Drug Co. Kleinhans, The Chas. Store Klinker Sales Korty Coal Co. Kresge Co. 5-10 Store Kresge $1.00 Store Lafayette Printing Co.
Lodde, H. B. Jewelry Store Kroger Groc. & Bak., 4th & Col. Sts. Loeb & Hene Company Queen City McLean Music Co. Thom McAn Montgomery Ward & Co. Moore & Kemple Hdwe. Co. Mullen Appliance Sales F. Jos. Mulhaupt Gerry Mohlman Jewelry Store Neumode Hosiery Shop Palais Royal J. C. Penney Co. Pfrommer Bros. Public Service Co. of Indiana Henry Rosenthal Company The Rug Shop
Roger’s Bakery Schiff’s Outlet Shoe Company Schnaible Drug Co. Sears, Roebuck Company Shell American Petroleum Corp. Sperb Hdwe. Co. Sunshine Farms, Inc. Swank Shoe Rebuilder Thacker-Redinbo Motor Co. Thieme-Wangerin Company Three Sisters, Inc. Val-U Dress Shop Wells-Yeager-Best Drug Company Wheeler’s Lunch Wolever Electric Company Woolworth, F. W. Company
\y-\-