-it 4 ,
k
«i >
♦
i f
I 'i i%
■' f T ',,'''' ,,^1'J 1 jj^ ' ** ! " " V ^ I 'J>'r' > 1 ,1 'W’t
IXnkers will/end Agricultural Clinic, Meeting Irlere Today
Established 1889
xpoHent f Daily Since 1906
ENGLISH PREI^ARE To Eliminate House Of Lords; See Page 2
Volume 53, No. 162
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, April 8, 1942
Martha Upton Will Sing Mary McGeachy Five Students
At Convocation April 19 Coniroiio Will Present w. A. Hanley To Speak
At All Engineering Banquet On April 21
' Program In Musk Hall Martha Lipton, contralto, will be presented at 3 p. m. Sunday, April 19, in the Hall of Music, by the Convocation Committee of the University, Prof. J. T. Gunp, chairman, announced yesterday. Miss Lipton has received wide acclaim from music critics in all sections of the country and comes here highly praised.
Won Scholarship
A native of New York City, Miss Lipton received her early vocal training from her mother, who was also a concert singer. In 1937 she won a coveted scholarship to the Juilliard Graduate School. Since that time she has won many prizes and contests. She was recently selected as a soloist, along with Heifetz, Melchoir, and Stravinsky, with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Fritz Reiner. Passports will be required of all students wishing to attend the convocation; tickets will also be on sale at the door for those who do not have passports. All season ticket
To Talk At AWS Convo Tomorrow Brifish Attache Will Speak On Total War Mary Craig McGeachy, attache of the British Embassy in Washington, will speak at a special convocation sponsored by the Associated Women Students tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Her subject will be “The Challenge of Total Wai’ to
Universities.”
gineering of the Eli Lilly Company McGeachy Studied Abroad of Indianapolis, will be the principal Miss McGeachy’s work for the past speaker at the All-Engineering ban- 15 years hiis kept her in close conquet, which will be held on April 21 tact with international affairs. A in the South Ballroom of the Union, native of Canada, she was educated April 14 was set as the original date in Canada and in Europe. After but this has been necessarily graduating from the University of changed to April 21. Toronto, she studied at the Sorbonne Hanley is past president of the Paris and at the School of Higher American Society of Mechanical En- International Studies at the Univergineers and is a member of the Geneva. Board of Trustees of the Univer- In 1928 she became connected with sity. Since he is a man of wide ex- the Eur’opean Student Relief Moveperience in the field of engineering, ment, visiting universities in Ger-
Honoraries Will List Initiates At Dinner Dr. W. A. Hanley, director of en-
Hanley is well qualified to clear up a few of the questions which are facing the engineering students of to-
day.
Honoraries Sponsor Banquet The banquet is sponsored jointly by Tau Beta Pi, all engineering honorary; Pi Tau Sigma, mechanical
engineering honorary; Eta Kappa m'uions. Her work m the League
holders aie urged to keep their sea- electrical engineering honoiary; consisted of studies on standards of son passes since they will be able engineering hon- living, nutiition, commercial access
orary and -Phi Lambda Upsilon, '’aw materials and refugees, chemistry honorary. Initiates foi She wa.s transferred to a position the various honaiies will be an- in the Ministiy of Economic War-
many, Prance, Italy, Spain, Switzerland, Austria, Hungary and Czecho-
slovakia.
Speaker Served In Geneva
Following this. Miss McGeachy was a member of the League of Nations Secretariat in Geneva, serving as liaison officei for the British Do-
to us them that Sunday.
No Convo This Week
There will be no regular Sunday afternoon concert this week. ffii Advisors H&ld Banquet, Forum Tonight Fraternity Advisois Association
holds its banquet and discussion forum tonight at 6 in the North Ballroom of the Union. The discussion will be centered on subjects suggested by questionnaires sent to all fiaternities and members of the houses will inquire about piobleius of cuirent interest, such as the effect of the war on the Greek oiganizations.
These queries aie divided into foui
groiips whicl; will be taken up sep-
arately by speakeis. Stewart Will Speak
The general discussion, “Fiatcrnity Men and the War,” will stait with Mr. R. B. Stowait, Univeisity controller, who will discuss “House Bills.” Dr. E. L. Butz, of the Agricultural department, will apeak on “Pledging.” Also on the program, C. E, McCabe will speak on “Selective Service,” while Dr. E. C. Elliott will present a short address entitled
“Student Attitude.”
Following these short talks the fraternity representatives will he invited to question the members of the forum on anything of vital interest
not cover'cd previously.
Scholarship Contest Planned In keeping with its policy to in-
crease scholastic standing among the frat houses, the association will
nounced at the banquet instead of at separate initiation banquets as has been done in pievious years. The distinguished engineering students of the past semester, mcmbeis of Sigma Pi Sigma, physics honoraiy and faculty mcmbeis of the honoraiies will be invited to the banquet. / Tickets Available Before April 18 Tickets foi the banquet will be available at the engineering school offices or at the west desk of the Union any time before April 18. Tickets arc priced at 86 cents. Morgan Will Play For Final Cary Club Dance Friday Night Friday night from 8:30 to 11:30, Russ Moigan and his oichestra will play foi Caiy Club members at their last formal dance of the school
fare in London after the outbreak of war. Since December, 1940, she has held her present position as attache of the British Embassy in Washington. The convocation tomorrow evening will bo open to students, facu 11 y, and townspeople without
chai ge.
Wafer Plant Operators Begin Conference Here Tomorrow Between 160 and 200 watei plant owners and operators are expected to attend the 36th annual American Waterworks Association conference which will be held here tomorlow and Friday. Amonjl the speakers will be Harry E. Jordan, New York, secretary of
year in both ballrooms of the Union, the American Waterworks Associa-
During the inter mission of the dance, new ofliceis for the chief positions ill Cary Club will be announced and the president-elect will receive his pin of ofTiee. The positions to be announced aie president, vice-presidents for each of the fourteen units, socinl-chaii man and business manager. Tickets Tickets foi the rlaiice are being
tion, who will address the assembly on the general conference theme, “Maintaining Good Water Service in Times of Emergency”; Picsident E. C. Elliott, who will welcome the gioup; State Fire Marshal Clem Smith, who will discuss fire protection and prevention; Gordon Sherer, of the Fire Marshal’s staff, who will speak on arson and sabotage; Hugh Barnhart, state conservation diiector, who will discuss lessons from
distributed to Caiy Club members
yesterday and today. No coisages the drouth yeais in Indiana; Fied E. will be worn, and there will be no Eickhorn, chaiimaii of the Public foimal dinner before the dance as Service Commission of Indiana, who there has been in former years. will discuss utility operation duiiiig Moigan’s music provides tones the emergency; and Dean A. A. Pot-
announce a contest in which the a large brass section_ accom- ter, who will discuss training progroup showing the most improve- panied by a full string section. Fea- grams in war time, ment in the summer session will be tuied, besides vocalists Phyllis The conference will close Friday awarded a trophy. Rules for the con- lynne, Paul Pendaivis, and Geoige afternoon with a session devoted entest, which may be continued eveiy Henry, is Morgan’s trombone which tirely to discussion of emergency op-
semester, will be diawn up at the he features with his band. eiations.
banquet this evening.
WRH Will Hold Annual Spring Dance Saturday WRH will hold their, annual' spring dance, Saturday night, Apiil 11, immediately after the San Cailo Opera. There will be dancing in North and South Halls with music by Irv Given. Refieshments will be seived in Wood Hall Gull. The dance will be infoimal and no coisages allowed. The girls soon after the outbreak of the war unanimously voted to hold their big dance of the year in the halls, without favoi s, and without a big name band, in order that they might save money, which will be given to the Red Cioss.
^Exponent Coed Staff Meeting of the entire coed stall today at 4 p.m. in the ollice. —CIIAIFIELD
Red, White Stripes Location Of Fire By Bill Guernsey A student walking thiough Michael Golden Shops those days may wonder if the University has gone into the hail-cutting business. He notices that the walls ai e decorated with large square aieas painted with diagonal, alternating sti ipes of red and white in best tonsoiial parlor style. If he is a little more observing than the avoiage student racing to a class, he will notice that the barber shop signs indicate the location of the fire-fighting equipment in the building. The idea for these very subtle decorations originated with Prof. Owen and his class in industrial safety, and had been used extensively in plants manufacturing munitions and explosives. According to Mr. Kashner, assistant superintendent of phy.sical plant, probability statistics from the insurance companies reveal
In Shops Indicate Equipment
that the University is some seven 01 oi^ht ycais oveiduo for a major fire. Fire-fighting equipment, of couise, is of little value if it cannot be located at once in an emeigency and when' eveiything is in an up-
roar.
The new signs, designed to meet this need, have been installed in the shops as an expei imental project by the department of physical plant. The shops, being one of the olderbuildings and housing laboratories, are more in danger of fire than the Recitation Building, for instance. Nevertheless the plan of indicating fire equipment more conspicuously may be extended to the other buildings. The physical plant, however, will have to devise a slightly more quiet color scheme for such places as the Executive building and Hall of Music.
Speak At Last Night's Convo Speech 14 Finalisi's Compete For Honors Students enrolled in Speech 14 classes met in Fowler Hall last night to hear five speakers who were selected from different speech classes on the basis of the votes they received in their respective classes. These speakei’s were then heard by a igroup of speech instructors and narrowed down to the five speakers which were heard last night at Fowler Hall. The audience was to represent a fictitious group of people in each talk. , Wooling Speaks First The first speaker on the progt-am, J. L. Wooling, spoke on “The Alteration of the Packing Room.” In his talk he showed how poor the arrangement of the packing room in a glass company was now. The second speaker, B. Foid, spoke on “Camouflaging Our Factories.” In his talk Ford showed how easy it would be for a factory like the Tool and Die company to be in great danger now if enemy planes would come over the west coast. He also pointed out how camouflaging would be very inexpensive and effective in fooling the enemy bombers when they did come over. The third speaker was B. Clarke who spoke on the subject “Let’s Give the Boys a Chance.” Clarke proposed a new type of escape method for leaving a submaiine when it geti^in trouble. The fourth speaker was K. W. Buxton who .spoke on “The Unionmelt Process.” In his talk Buxton showed how much better the process was than that in use by the hypothetical company he was ad-
diessing.
The last speaker was J. R. Songer v;ho spoke on the “Repairs of U. S. 40.” Songer pointed out the present pool conditions of the load and then showed how ho proposed to lemedy that condition. Dr. Holmes To Speak At Chemical Society Meeting Saturday Di. H. N. Holmes, national president of the American Chemical Society, will address the University section of the Ameiican Chemical Society at 4 p.m. on Saturday, April 11. The subject of Dr! Holmes’ talk will be “A Chemist’s Adventuie in
Medicine.”
This change from an evening to an altei noon meeting was made neccssaiy by the presentation of the opei a, “The Barbei of Seville” which is scheduled foi that evening in the Music Hall. Announcement of the change was made yestei'day by Dr. F. J. Allen, secietary of the local section, who stated that members of the Indiana Section would also be guests and that seats at the opera would be leserved for those purchasing tickets for the dinner following the meeting. Dr. Holmes, who is now head of the chemistry department at Oberlin College and the author of textbooks in chemistry, will be the guest of honor at the dinner, which will be held in the Union building. Dr. L. D. King Speaks At ASME Meeting Last night Dr. L. D. King spoke at a meeting of the ASME, at which time he gave a detailed desci iption of the cyclotron. Interest in the “atom smasher” has risen lately because recently the cyclotion in the Physics building has been eiilaiged. After the discussion, the meeting adjourned to the huge room which houses th'g new cyclotion for a demonstration of the wonders of this machine. Dr. King, of the Physics department, has had a lot to do with the development of the “atom smashers.” His talk, in which he explained how the cyclotron, surlounded by a wall of water three feet thick, is capable of producing over 15,000,000 volts in the destruction of alpha pai tides, was supplemented with slides. Exponent Circulation Please report to the Exponent ollice at 4 p. in. today. Important. —KLOUMAN
Gov. Schricker Addresses Bankers At Agricultural Clinic Banquet In Union
SCA Lists Awards
Dr. Elliott, Dawson Speak;
At Annual Banquet; Conference Closes Today i\ C" L C I# Climaxing the opening session of the two-day Agriculture l/6an riSn6r JPcqKS Clmic being sponsored by the Indiana Bankers’ Association
on the campus yesterday and today, Governor Henry F.
Chauncey House Wins Schricker and Dr. E. C. Elliott last night spoke before 160
Scholastic Trophy Under the toastmastership of Joe Mogavero, SCA president, approximately 280 members of the University’s Student Cooperative Association dined and listened to speeches by students and faculty members at the organization’s annual banquet in the South Ballroom of the
Union last night.
After the dinner Mogavero presented awards to the various houses,
For the third consecutive year, Chauncey House won the scholastic trophy, and also annexed the annual athletic award. Salisbury and Circle Pines houses weie runners-up for
the men’s scholarship award.
persons in the north Union ballroom at the featured banquet
of the conference.
Oscar G. Couch, of Mooresville, chairman of the clinic committee, expressed the theme of the two day session when he said, “The nation is calling
on the farmers this year to turn out the greatest farm production in history. Banks must furnish needed help in order that this call may be answered with the greatest production from the soil. Adequate farm financing is vital to the success of our boys at the front who must have
Senate To Nold Frosh Election
Saturday
Election day for freshmen engi
neers who are petitioning for soph- supplies at any cost.” omore representatives on the Stu- Elliott Welcomes Bankers
dent Senate will be Saturday, April The bankers assembled at 9 a. m.
Ann Tweedale House won the n m the weekly meeting for Engi- Tuesday and received a welcoming women’s scholarship trophy with neering lectures. However, only the address from President E. C. Elliott. Shoemaker House taking second fom. freshmen from the engineering The morning was spent in discussplace. schools will be elected on this day. the need of bankers to underFisher Speaks On Co-op System Joe Neff, Senate President, will stand farm problems and the advisSpeaker for the evening. Dean M. he present to introduce the candi- ability of fai’m accounting for loan
L. Fisher, discussed the history and dates to the freshmen, and will take appraisals.
development of the cooperative sys- charge of the elections, Saturday Lt. Governor Charles M. Dawson, tern, and offered timely information morning. state commissioner of agriculture, on the means of improving coopera- Nine Freshmen Petition presented the principal speech at the fives To date, nine freshmen engineers luncheon pomting out how thebankAssistant Dean of Women, Clare “Stained petitions from the er who understands farm problen^ Coolidge, cited patriotic ideas for Senate office. Those petitioning are: wdl be more able to give sound adstudents to cons der because of the Allyn Crofts, Bob King, Tom Spitler, vice on aginculture and farm loans students to considei because of the Collister, Judd Year, Dave than will the banker who is either
Lindsay, John LeBoeuf, Richard uninformed or misinformed.
wai. Donna vSiess, member of the
Student War Council, spoke urging - • r'l m u n e J , Weltv and William Sehenler Peti- Ulee Club Performs coopeiative students to participate _ ‘‘uu vvuiiam iscnenici. reci in the Univeisity’s defense stamp tions for all elected positions on the
The University Glee Club sang at
drive.
Officei s of the vaiious Co-op houses on campus were introduced, and the program ended with entertainment consisting of impersonations and a ventiiloquist act by Don
Brinkeihoff.
Lieut. Wiley Knott ... foi mer University student, has been appointed a staff inspectoi in firing at the artillery school at Ft. Sill, Oklahoma. Lieutenant Knott, who recently completed his second year of aimy service, has been in Oklahoma since December.
Senate may still be obtained from ^1*® banquet last night featuring a the Senate office. However, all pe- solo by Marvin Smith, and a
titions must be returned before 5 p.m. tomoi low. Any petitions turned in after this date will not be consid-
ered.
As previously announced, the elections for the remainder of the Senate positions will be held Wednesday, April 15. The representatives will be elected from the following school.s: Agricultural, Science, Pharmacy, and Physical Education; a sophomore from these schools; EE, ME, Chem and Met E, Civil and PSE, Ag, Science, Pharmacy and PE, and
HE.
Because the University is now operating on a year-arouiid basis, the
bass solo, sung by Joe Richards. Schricker Discusses Education Discussing the place of education (See SCHRICKER on page 4)
ROTC To Hold Review
On Intramural Field Friday Afternoon University ROTC unit is prepar-
ing for review and national inspection, the review to be held this Pri-
Senate is also planning to operate ^ay afternoon at 3 p.m. on Russell
EXDOXlGllt Staff the entiie year. Thus, all pe- ^^‘eld and the inspection the latter
^ titioners must be definitely planning P^^’t of next week. on attending school during the sum- The Executive Committee of the mer semester. It is also required that University has approved the revieweach petitioner have a cumulative in- the entire ROTC Cadet Corps
Senior Board Meeting this afternoon at 4:15 p.m. in the conference room of the Agriculture Experiment Station. —AMOS
dex of 3.5 or better.
“The Barber Of Seville” San Carlo Opera To Depict Story Of Figaro, Matchmaking Barber
By Jean Lauer Fiist presented in Rome in 1816 and produced in New Yoik in May, 1819, the first Italian opeia evergiven in this country, “The Barber of Seville” will be presented by the San Carlo Opera company at 7:30 Saturday night in the Hall of Music. One of the most famous of the comic operas, it claims the distinction of being composed by Gioacchimo Rossini in thirteen days. As the cuitain i ises on the first apt we see a street of Seville. Count Almaviva is serenading the wealthy and beautiful Rosina, whom he loves at a distance, when Figaro appears, telling the world of his skill as a baiber and matchmaker. The Count engages his help; and when Rosina drops a letter fiom hi^ window to her interesting seienader, both hide to escape discovery by Bartolo, her guardian, who comes out to look for the letter. Bartolo leaves, and Figaro and Almaviva plan to gain the latter’s entrance into the house undei the name of “Lindoro.” Figaro Appears Act two takes place in a room in Bartolo’s house. Rosina, with a letter in her hand, sings an aria in whi^h she tells naively of her
charming qualities ... so long as she has her own way. Figaro appears, takes the letter, and hides as her guardian enters. Bartolo is in love with Rosina; and when Basilio, the music-mastei „ enters, he tells him that he plans to marry her next day. Basilio informs Baitolo that Count Almaviva has been lurking in the neighborhood with designs on Rosina; and, as Basilio promises to spread scandal about this, the two leave to piocure a maiiiage contract. Bartolo Leaves Bartolo soon returns and interrupts Figaro and Rosina plotting to admit “Lindoro” to the house. Bartolo tries to piy her seciet from her, but Rosina panies every suspicious question. In an amusing ana he warns her not to impose on one of his impoitance. Disguised as a drunken soldier the Count enters and informs Bartolo that he is quartered here. Much interesting stage play introduces the famous quartet, “Look at Don Bartolo,” during which Baitolo vainly tries to have the Count arrested. The third and final act takes place (See OPERA on page 4)
which will be held in observance of Mac Arthur Day—a day which will be observed by colleges all over the nation in tribute to the patriotic deeds performed by the mea ltnd<lr his command. All University classee will be dismissed at 2:30 p.m. on Fri-p day and cadets will report to the Armory by 2:40 p.m. All cadets are required to attend, and other students are urged to be present at the re-
view.
Corps Area Inspection Next Week On April 15,16 and 17, the antthal corps area inspection of the University ROTC unit will be made by Colonel J. R. Starkey, Lt. Colonel W, B. Weston and Lt. Colonel W. H. Core' ton. The purpose of this inspection is to select the institutions which tjrh to be designated by the Corps Area Commander as having “excellent'’ units. The University has won this distinction every year but one since the World War. According to officers of the corps, the annual Gala Day review and in* spection review will not be held this year because of the shortened school
term.
Women Students Women students expectinn ta leave town the week-end of AprB 17, 18 and 19 must have special out of town permission tettera from their parents. These lettark should be sent directly to tka housemother in charge of Msl* dence. AWS Judicial Bogit^
/ ^ y5 ii
^'■'|V '■t^ ^
4 T P^2
«iu
Pi^rdue Exponent AiL-American 1940-'41
Offices Editoml and Business Purdue Memorial Union Phone 4005 Sporfs, Fieldhouse Phone 2792 Ediforial Phone After 10 p m, 5377
Sdltor iiv^hief Vewg fidUor , SinnABtng CdlloT Bdiancro Manager Circulation Manafrcr Sporla Fditor Cord Editor
John r Amos Don T Broph} John FT ArtnRtTonjt William D hiillard Ken K Gjemre Ted Cl irk Alice Chattield
Publication Staff Assnciaft Tditors Editorial Staff R W H w i kk D I B tr W C Hoskins A R H inter I) W Och Itroo W h R ferl Sports Staff D 1 H % r I S 1) s n 1 I Karp ck R W Knacer Coed Staff SaH> Beall Chiil tte Has T si I a ler Dons Pickenns: Business Staff Coed Business ManaRer T lia Mart n AdsertisinR ManaRers J M Wrpht D I Johnson Circulation Manager G, H Klo man Accounts Manager Trcnn Torrengs Junior toed Managers rilcii Clail Jane Keim Staff For This Issue Night Editor Rafert Dnv Fditor Beall Issue Editor Stal ilc Sports Editor Danson Reporters Vegh Ksms Cllri tmnn Wilb i Volk Fawcett Fori Hantr Blael bum Wi tson Schc d Fntered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiacia under the act of Congress of March 3 1S79 and at the special rate of postage nrovided for m section 1103 act of October 3 1917 authorized Januarj 20 1922 Published dailv ercept Monday during the regular academic year and weettiy dileing the summer Sessiin Delivered looally by car rier for $3 afl per year mail subscriptions St 00 Represented for nati nal adverfis ng b Nat onal Advertit ing Service Ino College Publishers Btprescntativcs 42( Kladliwn Ave New York N J
3.93 ... to 1
Jti(lj,ii 1, iioni the iitlc w th vthitli pins and iinfcs f \t ihout this last weekend spnnf., must leally be 1 je Ueteiit piBi inj. ineludi Kajipa Bttkj Cavlor (lu tint with the eai and Beta Don Meiti 1 beta Gem D JseiJl and Salty Saxton ol the Sij, Fp house and I fta Date Sthulcr and line Baldwin who was ton \ uitcd while hcit on a weekend vi it liom I indtnwood ( oileHC f hi O Charlotte Hass tool? them instiuetoi Doll HuKgins iing—he s off to tht w iis in June> 1 at 10 ^^*1 Phi ( atloHv^^id and Kappa Sij, Jim Olivei htially when Jim planted his pin Satuiday nijrht 'Jhi 1 swot t little joniaiitt hat. been bi twirij^ binct they I
Exponent Editorial And Feature Page Wednesday, April s, 1942
The Lords’ Prayer A committee has been set up in England, headed by Sit John Anderson, to consider plans for eliminating the House of Lords and substituting foi it a body composed of labor, mdustiial scientific, literaly and religious leaders Long dead politically, the House of Lords retains only the power to delay legislation, and even this last \estige of power does not apply to financial measures Very rarely exercising G\en this function of temporarily holding up legislation, the Loids serves the one lemaining pin pose of pioviding a place for idle and doting peers to enioy the prestige which they considei their due Such a useless appendage to government— esiiecially one which sei\es to accentuate the prestige ot the hereditaiy aristocracy which is England’s most undemocratic feature has no place in a country which is allegedly fighting a titanic struggle foi demociacy But, desirable as is the elimination of the House of Loids the setting up of this partieulai committee gives little encouragement When once the House of Loids is eliminated, we cannot see the need of substituting for it another gioup of any soit The House of Commons IS easily adequate to meet the need for equitable lepresentation—especially in view of the facts that representation in England places no emphasis on the geographic location of the constituencies There is no visible puipose to be seived by making Parliament more unwieldy a body than is necessary, as long as all political factions are given a fan opportunity to be repiesented in pioportion to the support thev command The specific plan to cieate a body containing leaders in labor, industry, science and religion, arbitral ily singles out several unielated gioups, foiming a combination which appeals to follow no logical criterian foi the organization of a bianch of government Such a body might well form a consultation unit, performing the function of furthering understanding and coopeiation among the various groups involved, but we can see no justification tor it as a governing agency Least understandable of all is the selection of Sir John Anderson to head this committee Anderson is a Tory of the old, narrow minded school Worse than that, he is the most ineflrectiv e of the Tory leaders—if he can rightly be called a “leader Possessing a record ot failuie m piactically eveiy venture upon which he has embaiked, he should have been dropped Irom the cabinet in Churchill’s recent shakcup It IS extiemely difficult to see how a committef* undei his leadership will be able to accomplish anything 1 he uselessness of the House ot Lords has long been apparent And we readily admit that the attitiuk which led to the ci cation of the committee is an encoui aging sign But il any thing effective is to be accomplished, it will have to be done by an effective group work inji with an effective and w( 11 thought out 111 in —Michigan Daily i-? i 11, The Ralio
MERRr-40-ll0UNli By Drew Pearson and Robert' S. Allen Mervyn K. Hart^s Testimony Backfires Under Grilling Over 40‘Hour Week Bill WASHINGTON Apiil 7 — Denclhest testimony apainst the Vinson Smith bill to lepeal the 40 hoiu ■week did not come fiom WPB Chief Donald Nelson oi laboi leadeis Bill Green and Phil Miiriay though the tiio got the headlines It came fiom one of the most militant advocates of the ineasuie Hevas Meivyn K Hait head of the New Yoik State Economic Council who appealed as a witness foi the legislation But his testimony quickly turned into a stinging booinciang when Rep Mike Bradley of Pennsylvania started gulling Halt about his back ground. Among other things, Hart admitted: (1) That he had been an active foe of the Lend Lease pi ogi am (2) th it he had been a member ot the ymeiua First Committee (3) that he altetid ed the anti-Roosevelt rally in Madison Square Garden at which Fritz Kuhn and other Bundists were present and (4) that his organization advo cated distranchising relief norkcis While admittiim that his oiganization had paitici pnted in the New York meeting Hart vehemently do nicd any lelations with the Bund I iitz Kuhn wasn t invited Hart dccliied He just happened to show up Has yom oiganization eiei idvocated dis tiauchwing WPV workeis ind other people on reliefasked Bradley. Yes we believed that such people shouldn t have the right to vote ’ rheie woie two veiy led t ices in the committee loom when Hait concluded his damiging testimony They belonged to Repi esentatn es Call Vinson ol Geor gia and Hownd Smith of Viiginn co authois ol the 1 epoal bill • Boomerang Federal Housing Commissioner Abner Ferguson picpared a speech foi dclneij befoie the American Bankers Association in New Yoil City and in aecoui ance with rogiil itions submitted the in innsci ipl (o the Office of Facts and I i,.,urcs foi ippiovil Ihe speech c line had with i note liom Ciptiin Robert Kintner noting an iniccuiacv on pa^e six In the most foimal and lestiamed lingnage Fei guson itplied to this effect Deal Captain Kintner: I hive tal en note oi the inaccui icy contlined in my ])i cp 11 ed addi ess but I desii e i espcctfully to call j oui attention to the 1 ut that this p issa^e was taken li om the Rcpoit to the Nation pit piled and issued liy the Office ot Facts ind Piguies ® Friendly Enemies Joseph Fanelli is i hiilliaiit young law^ti who i Chau min of the Bond of Immigiation Appe ils His mothei Mis Maij Fanelli came to the United St ites fiom Bari, Italy in 1905 SI e has i used eight ehil dien m Ameiici but has nevoi become a citizen hei self because she eouldn t pass the educitional tests But m the eiily dijs she seiiibbcd floois in New Yoil office buildings so th it hei ehildi en mi ht be edu cated Appreciating deeply the oppoitunities ol Amei ica she sent hei boy Joe to Dartmouth, and then to Harvard Law School. His biilliance was leco ni/cd Now he piesidcs o\oi immigi itioii matteis m the Jnslice Department Eveiy e u Mis T uielh comes to Washington to see Joe She comes on his name daj—Saint Josephs Dll Maich 19 But this you sht didn t tome Joe wondeied what was wiong Next d ii howteci she appealed o\ei ]oi ed to see him but still upset ibout what had hap pened Daf District \ttorney tiled Mrs Fanelli he don lattd me come see mj Joe’ I tall heem my boy loe etsa betg man m V\ ashington But he don lit me come Whatsa matter’ The mattei was that Mrs Fanelli 37 years a I esident ol the United States and the mother ot an important offitial in the Iiistiee Department was obliged to get i permit fiom the Jfistnct 'Vttor nej befoie she could leave the communitj Reason She is in enemy alien Note The case ot Mis Finelli is typical of thous ands ot othei s along the Atlantic seaboaid These eases aie eausin^ the Justice Depaitmentand even the Aimy to thinl twice il out pioposals to move alien ene lines inland • Military Information No announcement has been m ide but the Senate and House Milituyi Aftaiis Committees hive won then battle to be 1 ept intoimcd ol the piogiess oi the wai effoi During World Mai I the two committees weie kept advised ot military developments abroad and war production at home at confidential sessions with Colonel Leonard P Ayres chief statistical officer of the War Depaitmeiif Ayres holds tht s ime post in this w ii and 1 ist ve ii heg in i simi lai senes of thest meetings But fhe) were abruptly ended altei Pe iil II ii bor ( h 111 m in Andrew J May of the House ( om mittee complained to Secretary Stimson and ^ot the c\pl an ition tint the Wai Dep irtmeiit wanted fo avoid leik‘this dicw such 11 at( protests tioin both tommit fees th it Stiinson has batled down and Ajies has been authoii/ed to nsume his leiioifs on (ht insult lowdow 11 • Merry-Go-Round II vouhavt i son lelilivt oi riitnd„oin„ iiitillu Army ,.,ive him i copy of ‘ To the Colois liy ( ot R lintsf Dupv the Aini\s ice uithoi Butt an I itadal 1( the I oolc will gfvt tht jouiif, soldiei i 1 it oi litliiful ml Ol mail n about liis ni w life M u t Hi ui Adniinisti atOi I M Wiling li is tin tiiil lous iteoi 1 ol litiiig the fust to tun afoul of tht Whit House Ol it I that all spttehes ind stitemtnt by „ )\ eminent exeeutivts iiuisL le suhmitttd foi qip ov 1 Iht joung Rhode Island socialite who owts his job to Seei f t uy Pel I ms matlt two spt eehes w ithoiit fii t sul nutting fhtm nd has Ittn Imply ithuled ha the White House (( op\light 1 )42 I V United Feature Syndicate, Inc. ) fust stai ft tl to kmdei g 11 ten togt thci m West I if i\
ette
—1 itio— Jan\ef)inan anothei t ill blond Kappa lecently tool Judy Iloiiei s hi othei Jacks pin Jack wis, fount i Command Pilot it the Beta house out at Doa(mouth wheie ht gi idu itctl I ist June
[
■IwmmMAiiI
VL PL
ci(^ue
Editor H Note fbo f 11 w nt, iBcivations M talc! Ir ni the I xponent of Maich 2^1 I H)1
‘These aie bad times foi us missionaries, Snodgrass—religion vve can explain to the natives, but how are we going to explain civilization
Univcrsily Calendar
Wednesday April S
S 00
A \1 -
-Indi m i Bai kcis Association
Bi e ikt ist
West fateleiia Union
8 00
A M
Indi in i B ii kei s Assot i ition
1 Reception Room
Umon
9 00
A VI
Il di in 1 P II 1 i IS Asset 1 it un
W 1 iculty I oungt
Union
12 00-
-noon-
—Binkeis luneluon
Noith Billioom Union
2 00
PM -
-Indi in i B inkeis Meeting
Room 20 S Union
1 00
P M-
-Student Housing ronimittet
Riom201 Umon
0 r
PM -
-Fi itein4^^ Adviseis Din
nei Mceiing
Noi th B illioom Union
7 00
PM-
-AIChF Meeting
Lectin e Rm Phys Bldg
7 fiO
P M -
-Hoot and Hoin Meeting
Poam 2(1’ Union
7 0
P M
Baseball Movies
Hall ol Music
7 10
P M-
-Mil 11 age Com be
Rooms i02 301 Union
7 10
P M
Seabhaid md Bl idc Metti u
lovvi Unioi
7 jO
P M -
-(riaduato Dames Fiisl
Aid Classes
f urn no ( hi Bl Ig
7 SO
P M -
Ceitilicition Inspect is
11 lining
Rotm 101 Ag II ill
Daily Health Service Report
Last Fiidiy lit my C ^nnett cn teiel the IIi me IIo pitil f u op ei itio 1 Ihe follow im dij Aludellt Fdwaids md J A 'Vlilki cnteieti the St Ih/ibctl IIo ptil intl I ugene Ing md Vi ginii Steteh vveie ulin tttd Lo the Home Hos pitil J J r iss d\ J M. Glooi W J Ilem/e J I Hitlte and D L W i,.,ht we di chugetl Jiom the St Llizibefh Ho pitil last Fn daa I 1st Sitirdiv J D Cliffa H F (jeenas D P Donelson II W I 1 ei be P H Kill md P W Phillips weie icleascd tioin the St hli/uleth Hi pitil md R W Deustei lien j Gcnnctt md E I K istne weie leleased fiom the Home Hospital List Sun 1 iv Mu dellt Fdwuds w is clisch ii ed iioin the St Eli/ibeth Hospit il Ensign Robert Childs Will Interview 'Flying Boilermakers' Today To complete the oigaiu/ation ol the second 1 lying Boileimakeis nival aviation squidion Fnsign Rcl cite hilds of the Chie igo N iv il Aviation C idet Selection Bond will be on the campus today to mteivievv ipphcantb A medic il officei will ic comp iiiy Childs to „ive the pielim maiy examinations Piospeetive candid lies must he between 19 md 27\e iis ol i„t tin mill led and in goed leilLh The minmuim lequiiemtnt ot two vt iis college eiedit must 11 toinpl ft 1 I t loic lie^innm., the ti imin p o Mini Soplomoie will I u i | ted pending toni|il(li<m <( Hu i (iiiid college Cl dlls f ini 11 1(1 if let epli (I w ill It )>( 111 itte I ti ( omplt It Hu II I t St it I I it I VC 11 1(1)11 It innmt u I v (i im mg Jominy Mt Ut n u I f i kliilti iooH ill CO ( I I I s I I I )l e I Ivtista ha 1 tl ill I H ( tly h ive sig ltd i J) f th ttt n I I h mg Boilei 1 il tl i n ( V t th \ Il I ( mdiiett imtothf ei\i t sit U aft II th tf nq Iclu i (Iis t ne ft i P\IR()NI/r imonTm ~ ADVI RI ISI RS
Former Students Enlist In Air Corps Foimei students of the Univei sitj uc piovin^, thou woith m the XU eoi ps ot oui limed toices At the N ivy ba o it Pensacol i two of OUI foimoi Univeisity stu dents lie m the seivice—Aithin Lmdei and Iiedeiick lux woi th Skinner \t Randolph Field liom Randolph Field in Texas woid IS icctived oi ihe piomrtion ot Oimel II Skinnei Ji and Lm nett E McClaiien to the i inks of fust lieutenants in the Aiinv An Coips Stationed at 1 llm^^ton Field in lexas Hiioldl CaslinandWil liam Longonecl en Ii i estudjing navig ition Among otheis m the au coips iio Anthony Hai Icy in the N aval Avi ition it lake Chailts Li Russell 4 Phillips A., 40 now a flying ca dot at iatt Iicld C ilit and Hiiold M Jones il o stationed it Iatt 1 leld ( adets \t Maxwell 1 leld At Maxwell 1 icl 1 Ala C hales I Ainold Peiiy 0 Blael Nelson S Hill Robeit N Iiland William Stoel ton Call F Westeiholm and Jesse 0 Willi ims ue all ioimoi students tiaiiiing to become fly mg cidtts Letter to Editor Di Ml Editoi You ma\ add my i imt to the li t ot those who would much lathei help oui fighting ioices th in ibi it la He useless eustoms of c ips md gowns toi the giaduation eeiemony Llliott Miikow
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS Uiiivfirsity Bool Sh)rc
LUMA
LAST DAY
-Plus-
mVYM’S Im lorf with TWO WOMIH and GAKBO is both of thorn!
A Soirfhern Woman's View Of A Northern Man As you load this you must bcai in mind that by the Noath Noithein m an is meant the student at Pin due and the Southei n w om m is only a fieshmui i Southein gul who hi5 only 0110 vvintci s expciience with Noithein students When I left the South I expected to come in contact with people dii feient m many lespeets tioin my past associates I expected to find good students o-mon^ them and good moi il aoung men „cnei illy but I thought thit the gentlemen would be lacking and that this one minus tl nt would mil e the Noithein mm ippeai to he ot a cliffeient genus iiom his Southei n cousin Student S inctifies Ideal Woman ■Vh expectation is happily un lealizcd The Northein studtnl is not a brute Ho has m ide il worn in whom ho h IS sanctified ind he secs 1 fancied leflection of his ideal in one Ol moie tiaits ot eveiy young lidy with whom he comes m eon tact He spo iks ot this when he lifts instead of touching his hat to hei—and by the way theie is i ^icit diffeience between the two s iliites m the eyes of the young
1 idy
He lb at all tunes considei ite md issistm., thcie is no student it Pan due who would not inn leiOss the sL ott to get in oppoitunity to hind i 1 idy a^^plieel sht hil (hop jied Ol who would not open ill the old heiw doois it the tnti antes h ill the buildings loi i tioop ol young 1 Kilts tven Ihoii h ht wtie lilt to hi next tliss In so dung 111 Hit el 1 s loom eveiy student is t igei to bt the fust to ei ise the blieklioiid loi he i lot he 1 nows th it it IS his duty 1 ut Hi it duty is not whit jnompts him it is th it ho delights in being ot seivite to hti But theie is one thai ictei istie 1 lek mg m the Noithein mu The Southei lit 1 his it and it is a eit lit to him Soiilhtiner Piofests limitl Women It Is the spiiit i Southcinei has tow ads the piotcetion of ill worn on Woman is by naluie fi iil and timid and it is not hei pi ice to be out unittendcd iftei sunset Sle should nevei be scon in i public place it 111 ht without m cseoit ci chipoionc Is this the st itt if it tans it Pin due ’ Most deeiddj it IS not W hj IS it 1 ot ’ Sun ily loi the leason th it the in lie students of Pill due do not feel it then dutj to coi eci it 'Iheie lie iieiih fltj mile stu dents to evei'v \oun„ latN in the Univeisitj 4 et w hen thei e IS ton celt at Fowlei IT ill oi polo g le o J tl id meet you m la ste gills theie thiee ml t i logdhti in attended This is a bad lefloetion oi the Indent it Puidue W hv does he not sc e his duty m uth m lift i s ’ To be attentive to his tli nates does ot me m th it he is f il o to the 111 he left at h me He is pi^t doing 1 1 II dly 'ei v ec to h s ti lend md 111 ill piim^ only a slight tl lb ite lo i w nn in
Playshop Puts Final Touches On Next Play With less than a week before the opening peifoimance the cast and Clew oi The Male Animal” aie pol ishmg up then lines The final Play shop pi eduction ot the season will play in Fowlei Hall on Apiil 11 15v 17 md 18 Theie will be no peifoim ance on Thuisday night Apiil 16 Theie aie still good seats avaiF ible m the boxoffice at the leai cn tl ance to Fowlei Hall The best c its aie available fOi the opening night md the Faidai night peifoimaiiet Single admission tickets may now
be bought
Play Was Bioadway success This tl lee act comedy by rhuibei has alicady pioved a Broadwaj sue cess and the Umveisity students will have an oppoitunity to view the stage show beioie it aiiives in the Lifayette theiteis The stoij eoneeins i college pio tessoi (Tommy Tinnei) who iisks his job and his w ite to make a stand ioi aeademie fieedom against a fas eibtically minded boaid of tiustees Those who lie looking only foi laughs will find it in enteitlining
two houis
Scene Designed B.V Keck Gray The scene designed by Meile Keck and Betty Gray takes place at; Mid wtstein Univeibity on the eve ol the homecoming football „ame Bai nes senioi editoi of the school maga/mt,. wiites an editoilal eomphmenting Plot Tiunei loi leading on the loi low 111 Monti ly to his English elrss a Icttei wntten 1 y Baitolomto V iiisetti C omplieations set in when Fui nei b job IS thieiteiud ind Joe I ei .,uson an old foothill stu tiund of Mis ruinei uiivesmtowii Educai^ional Honorary Announces New Hedges Kippa Delta Pi national odiien tional lionoiii-v mnouiiees tho pkdgii g ct the lollowing Univei sity students Robeit a Keeslei Gail Hennis Shiiky Johnson lane Bal laid Doiothy Aividson Alice Liiitl Betty Blown Mai j Miigaiot Fonts Phyllis Hyde Ciiolyn McCiary, M 11 Hi i Tio t Ruth W ilkei Doio thy Goodin an Biita Kiaepe’ien M igit Bn lain Mu,,aiet Mycis Doiib Bowel Mix Stulls ml Rob eit t Jones
\Mmem NOW PLAYING
u.i.ST0ljE-mi.k.y ROONEY c.4ii. PARKER •!.» HOLDEN Aon RUTHERFORD SoqKAOEN DONNA REED
MAMT -- LAST TIMES TODAY -
WmS I TOMORROW
- FRIDAY Joe's a cowboy... NOW! JOE L BROWN
IMPROVE YOUR DANCING NEW ADVANCED CLASS OPENS TONIGHT 7 30 P M LATEST DANCES TAUGHT ALLEN’S 6Hi and Ft rry
2jiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiE
I —TODAY — =—2 FIRST RUN HITS—i
= Mighty Civalcade ot Courage = I VALLEY OF THE SUN | = with S i (AMES CRAIG = 1 LUCILLE BALT g = plus 3
iCALL OUT THE MARINES! = with I I VICTOR MeLAGLEN 1 i EDMUND LOWE § 5iiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiimiiiiiiiii)miiiiHiiiiiiiiiiii7
ARC
— LAST TIMES TODAY Glamorous Gloria Returns!
Double stars' Double thrills! ,/JL. ^
I Columliio htluifr ®
ALSO
Helt of (h Sucict Service ‘ Serial POPEYE CARTOON — THURS - FRI - SAT — JESSE /AMCS AT BAY DANGEROUS GAME KING OF THE TEXAS RANGERS LATEST PATHE NEWS1“'
i M'’
i^n‘-k. 'ot-1
4vjj
Golfers Will Meet Irish Cinder Squad Drills i^inFoKesDiamoncf In Seoson’s First Match fw Opener Wift Squad Into Fieldho^
Coach Harry Allspaw’s golf squad will tee off against the Irish of Notre Dame "April 18 in the opening match of the season at South Bend The team is already in good shape with such fairway prominents as Tuirner Curran, captain, George Dahl, Wade Kmpp, and Doug McDaniels back on the squad again this season this season aie showing good form. All are seniors, however, and but will not be available until next will be forced to leave the field veai
of action before half of the scheduled matches have been played when graduation takes its toll in May Oftier valuable seniors who will be lost to Coach Allspaw are Dave Dittmer, Freddie Croft, and J M Cone. N The outlook IS not too hopeless, howevei, as Allspaw has a few piomising sophoinoies who should be leady to take up where these veterans leave off Chuck Abei nathy and Bud Ainsworth both sophomoies show a great deal of promise> and will probably be among those to tee off in the match with rU following commencement Roger Schutt, a junior, is,another possibility Seveifil fieshmen on the squad
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
ApiillS—Notre Dame at South Bend April 20'—Northwestern, hero Apiil 26—Ohio State, theie April 27-^Detioit, here May 2—Michigan, heie May 9—Indiana, here May 16—Michigan State, here May 18 19—Conterence meet at Michigan June 22 27 — National Intcrcol leg late meet at Chainof Lakes Country Club, South Bend,Ind This IS the schedule as it stands so faj Other meets may be sched uled latei J T Hoffman, secictaiy of the West Lafayette Country Club, has announced the membership and green tees lor this yeai All persons single and under 30 will be able to play the entire season for ‘f,27 76 The corn sc will be available to the public from now until May J1 loi a small gieen fee each game It you wish, you can pay a fee oi ^11 10 which will enable you to play liom now until May 31, without paying the green fee
lOU’LL LIKE EATlie
People like to eat here because they are always sure of good food, very pleasant surroundings and service with a smile . . . — Prices that fit the budget at
basement of JhL fiwidusL WjmsyiijaL lAiuofL The Comer of the Campus— 1 Yet the Center of Activities
Spartans Saturday Despite the steady downpour of rain yesterday afternoon, the Boil >ei maker track squad held thou dally workout on the intramural field This session was held to keep the cinder men m top shape foi the dual meet they will engage m with- Michigan state’s track team at Lansipg
next Saturday afternoon
Coach Phillips’ harriers woie the only ones out on the intramural field, all oi the other branches of sports were busy in then Pieldhouse camps The ti ack squad confined its activities to just a few jaunts around the field then back to the Fieklhouse
to diy out
In Good Shape According to Coach Phillips, the squad is in perfect condition for the meet with Michigan State Saturday No- injuries mar the roster at the present time This will boost the Boilermakers’ chances for victory and will help to overcome such dis advantages as being on a strange tiAclg, and competing with the strong squad that Michigan State has this season The state of Michigan IS famous for its track super lority and this year is no exception Last month, Michigan State compet ed in the Illinois Relays and took home the first place honors Points From Distance Men Coach Phillips is depending on his distance men for most of the points and IS expecting a weakness m most of the field events About twenty men will make the tup to Lansing this weekend Captain Anthony will lead the list of quarter mileis which also includes George Archer, Bill Banckei, and Will Gaulke Some of the distance stars who hope to shine at Lansing aie Woody Appleton, Keith Me Laughlm, Chailes Dueslei, and Don Kemp Conant and Kion will take care of the hurdle events Field events will probably be handled by Edwards, Lovett, Grimm and Root lug At Stake The famous Little Biown Jug which has been lesting peacefully rn a Fieldhouse display window for the past ycai, will be at stake Satin day Michigan State has won it twice since the rivalry between the two schools started back in 1938 Boilermaker squads have hkewrse carried it home for two yeais, in 1940 and 1941 This year will determine which team will break the tie and keep the jug for next year
IM Schedules
The following baseball games will be played Wednesday evening, April 8 at 4 16 Diampnd Caiy Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 7 1 Caiy Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 10 2 Cary Hall 5 vk Cary Hall 14 3 Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 12 4 Cai y Hall 9 vs Caiy Hall 11 5 Ward 5 vs Ward 21 6 Waid 3J vs Ward 25 7 Ward 23 vs Ward 28 8 Ward 27 vs Ward 24 9 Ward 8 vs Ward 36 10
Following the postponement of the Notre Dame game yesterday afternoon because of bad weather, the entire Ravetei diamond squad moved into the Fieldhouse and drilled, on fundamentals. Accoifiimg to Coach Fehiing, the game with the Irish will be played tomorrow afternoon on the Boileimakei diamond and will officially open the season for both
teams
Walt Leifheit, right handed slabman who will take the mound against the South Bend boys tomoilow;, warmed up for more than an hour in an effort to keep his arm in shape foi the initial encounter In Walt’s two previous pcifoimanceb m practice games he has allowed just SIX hits with only a pan of markers being scored against him., Leifheit IS the only hnrlei on the squad with any varsity experience behind him Berto Throws ISm In, Tony Berto, the only southpaw moundsman, also was getting in shape in the event that he may be called upon tomoiiow foi rebel duty Tony has nevei played befoie this year, but has looked good in both of his appearances against Wabash last weekend Fehiing spent considerable time drilling his three first base candi- , dates—Jack Swantz, George Burghardt, and Emersopl—oft fielding ground balls All of these fellows die comparatively inexperienced but have shown so much promise that Fehiing cannot as yet make a choice between the three Everyone In Cage Through the course of the afternoon’s workout each player took his cuts in the temporary inside batting cages Following their double victory over Wabash Saturday all the Riveters seem to have more confidence and are slamming the ball at a haidei clip than dining the penod befoie the piactiee senes To date, Paul Friend, sophomoie oiitfieldei, has been the most potent Rivetei batter with four solid blows in ten trips to the plate
Purdue Exponeaf ..SPORTS..
Wednesday, i^rit S, T942
Sports Shorts
The Norfolk Naval Station has a baseball club which could compare favorably with any in the Big Leagues today Bob Feller, winner of 26 contests with Cleveland last year tops the mound staff Freddie Hutchinson, a 26 game winner at Buffalo last season, is also avai’able for hurling duty Sam Chapman, tor mei All American grid player and slugging outfielder with the Philadelphia Athletics, IS also on the squad Ace Parker, another former All-American football plays second
Cornelius Warmer dam, the only person ever to pole vault over the “ceiling” oi fitteen feet, has accomplished that feat no less than ten times in actual competition Holder of the present fitteen feet seven and three qiiaiteis record, “Coiney” is now aiming at sixteen feet, but ad mits that he will probably never go beyond that mark
Personnel Notes If any senior is interested m an interview with, any of the following companies, complete one of the yellow “Request for Interview” cards, a supply of which is in your school office You will be notified by card fiom the Personnel Office when to schedule an interview * SOPHOMORES AND JlHNIORS FOR SUMMER WORK Illinois Tool Works, Chicago, 111. Date of Visit Wednesday, April 15. Sophomores and Juniors for Summer Work iit Tool engineering and Machine Design Departments Schedule an, interview m the Personnel Office before 10 a m- Tuesday, April 14. Bausch & Lomh Optical Co,, Rochester, NY — Soi>horoore and Junior M E.’s, ChE’s and Science (with Physics major), 1 for summer work No representative will visit the campfts. Sign 1ft the Persoimel Office befoie 3 p m. Monday, April 13. National Tube Company, McKeesport, Pa —Sophomore and Junior M E’s, Ch.E.’s, Met’s, E E’s and Industrial Engineers for summer work. No reiwcsentative will visit the campnfi. Sign in the Personnel Office before 3 p.m. Monday, April 13. Pratt & Wliitney Aircraft, E. Hartford, Conn.—Sophomore and junior Mechanical, Aeronautical, and industrial engineers for summei work. Sign in Personnel Office before Monday, April 13. COMPANIES SCHEDULED TO VISIT CAMPUS Naval Aviation Cadet Board, Chicago, 111 April 6, 7, and 8 E I DuPont de Nemoiiis & Companj, Wilmington, Delaware April 9, to inteiview Ph D’s in Chemistry and Chemical Engmeeiing Employers Mutual Liability Insurance Company ot Wisconsin, Indianapolis, Indiana Coming April 9 Anyone interested, schedule an interview in Peisonnol Office before 10 a m April 8 E I DuPont de Nemours & Co, Wabash River Ordnance Works, Terre Haute, Ind There is a need for additional engineers of all types in this division Sign in the Peisonnel Office befoie 3 pm Monday,
April 13
Naval Ordnance Laboratory, Navy Yard, Washington, D C Coming April 10 Wants ME, EE, Sci (with physicist major) Sign in Personnel Office before Thursday, April 9 at 3 p m Leeds and NoHhrup Co, Philadelphia, Pa ME Sign up m Personnel Office befoie Thursday,
April 9
Bell Aircraft Corp , Buffalo, N Y
Burnham Plans Regu Schedule For "B " Team
PAUL'S PLAQ^
BEEF STEAK HOME MADE CHILI
«EEF BARB-Q PORK TENDERLOIN
Phone 2645
FURNAS ICE CREAM 216 W. Columbia Sh
We Deliver
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD T. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bfdg 4th and Main St Lafayette
Just Received! Mew Spring Pell Meir Coats In cotton shower - proofed g^abardine. Styled just like bigbrother’s, with concealed zipper f asteningf, big patch pockets, slit vent. Shades—Natural, Red, Rose, Aqua, Powder Blue. Sizes 10 to 20. Loeb’s Coats — Second Floor
Air Corps Examining Board To Meet Here Tomorrow, Friday
Aimy Air Corps Aviation Cadet Examining Board, headed by Captain Guy Hoover, will meet with all mteiested students in room 134 of the EE Building fiom 1 to 4 on tomonow and Fiiday afternoons to conduct examinations foi aviation cadet appointments Students desiring to enter aviation cadet traimng after the close of the semestei may take these qualification examinations and enter training after the close of the School year Married -Ire Eligible The age limit foi applicants is now 18 to 26 yeais inclusive Mariied men aie eligible if then dependents have sufficient means of suppoit Alt applicants must take the same qualifying examination, and no evidence of foimal education lb lequiied This examination is meant to establish a minimtim level that might be met by a man whose education is sufficient to enable him to compiehend technical woik of the cadet course> Applicants must now appeal be foie the Aviation Cadet Examining Boaid and will then bt examined educationally and physically It they qualify, they will bo jilaced on a waiting hst for enlistment as an aviation cadet at a later date Complete information and application foi ms to appeal befoie the examining boaid may be obtained at the Adjutant’s Office in the Aimoiy
Apiil 16 and 17 M E Sign m Pei sonnel Office befoie Apiil 15 United States Rubber Company, lyiishawaka, Indiana ■— Men and women from all schools If interested, sign in Pei sonnel Office befoie Satiuday, Apiil 11 A lepiesentative may visit the campus if a sufficient numbei sign up Chemistry Majors The Miles Laboratories, Inc, Elkhait, Indiana, have openings foi two chemical majois in then analytical and control laboratories Those not subject to selective seiwice are piefeiied, as they desne to retain these chemists on then staff—Ed F Degeimg Thetas Win Bowling Contest, Kappas 2nd WAA intiamural bowling tournament ended with Kappa Alpha Theta placing first with 1197 points Other final scores were as follows Kappa Kappa Gamma, 1069, Chi Omega, 1067, Waid III, 1058, and Delta Gamma, 926 Membeis of the class teams who will bowl m the class tournament next week will be chosen fiom those girls having the highest scoies in the intiamuial tournament PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS!
In ordter that every out for the squad wiR get plenty of actuai game ence next fall, Coach Hiiier Burnham announced yesterday afternoon that a varsity “B” team schedule is betxig arranged in conjunction with the regular varsity card. Aitjr person who wants to p^y football IS urged to report to Burnham sometime this wesejg regardless of whether he has had any past experience thr not. The legulai vaisity squad wiH fre made up of the first 44 players wh® m the opmion of the coaching show the most ability The rexnaiftdei of the squad will compose the “B” team A player on the “B" team may at any time be moved up> into the higher bracket if he can display the necessaiy qualities. Schedule Not Complete The complete team schedule has not as yet been announced However, there is a. strong possrbility that games wilT be s^yed with similai squads,fiom Beijer DePauw, in addition to several confer ence schools A four man coaching staff entvrCIj sepTiato fiom the varsity stpff ^vIll be in cbaige of the team Llciude Reeck, coach of this year's Rivetei wiesthng squad which Won the conteience title and foimer ftssistant fieshman grid mentor, Will head this gioup Sammy Voino^, populai little guard coach, will 4jasist along with Rossi and Frantz. High School Studeots Will Hold Model Plane Contest Next Sunday Pi of W A Knapp, assistant of engineering, announced that an. indooi model airplane contest wtH be held at the Umveisrty fm* juniox and senioi high school students Suftdav, Apiil 12 The event wfiH be held in the Fieldhouse which will offer ample opportumty for the model plane peiformance. Thei e will be events for all tjrpes of balsa ghdeis and lufabei powered stick models which aie handlaanehed These models will be judged on the basis ot the dmation of timom the an The longest flight of a nwrfel in each class of each division of the sepal ate events will be the winning flyei Those entering the contest must be eni oiled in junior or senior high schools this semester. Awards To Be Presented The awards piesented to the ftrat five places will consist of and eeitificates of meiit In, erdifF that a flight be called official, the model must i eraain rn the auf wftiiout aid from the contestant for Uit least 10 seconds R L Sloan„ of the University Aero-Modeler Club, act as contest director Advance emoUment rn the cpn;> test may be made with Prof Knu]^
As gay as Spring . ..
LUCIEN LELONS
• lorn ul Luiiin Ltlong lilo^soniv poitumes in one (haiming paikagt Sht 11 lovi all lout— anti von ior \oiii thoughtluliKss What gilt loultl he i>ueeter^ liuien Lelong s Flowei CaiUly ioniums Peloiviu. llonovsiukle, \\ lute Lilat, Mignonette. $5.00 phis tax. DECKER’S INC.
II'* ’ ^'” ' ' I '">- '■' ' ’■' ‘
m
\a^4
jPurSue Exponent
We3nes)[dy, Xpril 8, 194i.
State Future Farmers Civil Service Seeks
Group Elects Officers Women Chemists At Annual Convention
William Praetlier, fieslimaii in the School of Agriculture, was leelected president of the Indiana AsBociation of Future Farmers Saturday at the closing session of then three day convention Other majoi offices weie also filled at that time Heibcit Billion, Paoli, was elected vice-piesident; P. Appel, Evansville, secretaiy; Elmer Haigerty, Biookston, iCpoitei; Prof K. W. Kiltz as executive sec-retary-tieasuier; and Haiiy Ainsworth, state advisoi Delegates Receii e Aa\ ards At the banquet, held last Fiiday evening, which climaxed the thieeday assembly, thiiteen men were given the distinguished title of “Hoosier Farmei ” They aie William Benson, Angola, Haiold Edmondson and Eugene Mosiei, Clayton, Gilman O’Neal and Chailes Foiestei, Columbus; Donald Duff and Richaid Balsei, Delphi, Paul Appel and Albeit Gaitnei, Evansville, Robert Andeison, Pino Village; and Ralph Doltman, Eiwin Suienkamp, and Robcit Wessel, all
fiom Seymoui
Boys To Buy Bonds At the final meeting yestoidav morning, besides electing the vailous officcis, the Association voted to authoiizc the State Executive Committee to buy Defense bonds
when advisable
Shreve Will Address AlChE Group Tonight Piofessoi R Non IS Shi eve, of the School of Chemical Enginoeiing, will talk tonight at 7 30 on "Piecious and Semi-piecious Jewels” befoie an open meeting of the student chaptei of the Ameiican Institute of Chemical Engineeis in the main Icctuie looin of the
Physics Building
Piofessoi Shieie will use coloied Ivodachiome lantein slides and specimens of gems and haid caived niineials fiom his own collection to illustiate the piinciples which iindeilay beauty in piecious and semi-
piecious stones
SAE To Elect Officers At Meeting Tomorrow Society of Automotive Engineeis will nominate and elect officci at a meeting tomoiiow' at 7 SO p ni in the Chestnut Room of the Union One of the questions to be bi ought befoie the meeting w'lll be whethei the officcis chosen will hold office foi the next yeai oi only foi the
summci session
Offices to be filled include chaiiinan, secietaiy-tieasuiei, and vice(ban man in chaige of publicity, meetings, and membeiship
Opera
(Continued fiom page ]) in this same loom The Count, dist uiscd as a substitute music-mastei, gives Rosina a lesson Baitolo is displeased and shows them how’ to ‘■ing, while Figaio mimics him be bind his back Then Figaio insists upon shaving him on the spot and thus pci nuts the lovets to plan an (lopeinent Basilio cnteis but, bnbed by Almaviva, dipaits Baitolo, left alone with Rosina, convinces hci that the Count is deceiving hci, and, piqued, she agices to many hei guaidian While he goes foi the police to aiiest the Count and Figaio, the two entei by a window, the Count discloses his tiue name and station and lestoies Rosina’s confidence in him Figaio uiges them to be off, but Basiho enteis with a notaiv Figaio (onvinces the notaiy that Rosina is to many the Court 4s the cci emony finishes, Baitolo ictuins and IS appeased by the Count with the gift of Rosina’s dowiy ?
Junioi chemists and senioi bookkeeping operatois foi Fedeial service aie now being sought by the Civ-
il Service Commission
A wiitten test will be given foi Seiiioi Bookkeeping Machine Opciators to determine ability to peifoim \aiious kinds of clerical woik. The salaiy foi such positions is $1,620 a yeai An applicant must be ovei 18 yeais of age and have had at least 1 yeai of paid expel lence Applications must be filed wnth Civil Seivice Commission not latei than
May 19, 1942
Women Uiged To Apply Foi the position of Jiinioi Chemist, paying ,$2,000 a yeai, women especially aie uiged to apply A completion of a foul yeai college coui se w ith ,30 semestei lioui s of chemistiy' aie lequiied. Senioi students aie eligible foi provisional appointment pi 101 to then giaduation if they will complete the piesciibed com se within 4 months of the date of applying Theie will be no written test foi this position Application must be filed with the Civil SeiMce Commission in Washington, D C , and will be accepted until the needs of the seivice aie met Pull infoimation as to the i eqtiii ements foi those exams and applications foims may be obtained fiom Cliffoid P Singley, secietaiy of the Boaid of U S Civil Seivice Examineis, at the post office oi custom house, 01 fiom the Secietaiy of the Boaid of U S Civil Seivice Examiners at any fiisl- oi second-ilass
liost office
U. S. Civil Service Announces Women Eligible For Jobs Women foi the fii^t time aie now eligible foi civil seivice lobs as oi dnance inspoctois in tlie wai dcpaitment, Piof C W Beeso, Univci sitv diiectoi of defense tiaining and head of the gcncial cnaiieeiing deiiaitment, announced vcsteidaj This Uiuvci ‘ ity's one ot the f oui schools in the Cincinnati oidnancc distiict wliiehaic conducling lunioi-insiiccL-01 tiaineo couise-, as pail oi (he dc ft. Use tiaiiiing pi o' i am The positions aic open to Anuii can eiti/ens who have eomnicicd two ycais in a lecogni/cd tin ceisi'v oi one ycui in an cngineciing chool Apiilic ints mu t be between 18 and ,')1 ycais of ago Pcison accepted iviil be p.iid uJO a monlb dunng the flute month of tian ing \,itli iiossible piomolion to 15 upon completion oi the toui^ie Those Intel ested should a;! ply at any fust oi second class jiosl office foi aiiplication ioi ni'' 9 he numbei ot men now studying oidnance inspection at the Univeisity IS 11 They aie cm oiled m .i class v\hich opened heie Maich 2 Anotlui cilion will bi'un liuU
Api il 1 i
Kappa Psi Presents Film 'Quality Control' In Pharmacy Building Kapjia Psi, jihai maceutical lia teinity, will piesent the film “(Quality Conti ol” today at 1 15 pm in loom Ml of the Phaimacy Builuing This film, which is in sound and col 01, IS built aiOLind the picsciiption business and the p'estiiption dopaitmcnt of a letail sto e It also goes into some detail concoining the mamifactiie of glass coniaineis ol vai lous kinds Ihi movie is fuinished Ihiough the couitesv of the Owens Illinois Glass to All intciesfed pei sons ai c in''itcd to attend
4-H Clubs Observe Week Throughout U. S. 4-II clubs all ovei the countiy aie obseiving Bobihzation Week, which was set aside by the U S Depaitment of Agiicultuie foi this week. Hai 1 y F Ainsworth, state club leadei, asked the 4-H club leadei s to join in the piogiam to focus attention on what the 1,500,000 club members in the nation can do to aid the war ef-
fort.
Member,s Serye Nation Ainswoith stated club members can and will lendei a very important seivice by incieasing food production and then preseiving that food. “This IS pait of then legular training in club woik and has been since its inception, so the club members fit natuially into ^ui ‘Food foi Fieedom’ progiam Only lecently they have staited woik in many counties to aid in the sale of Defense Bonds and Stamps m luial sections They have helped in the collection campaigns foi waste paper, scrap metals and other materials. Likewise, 4-H club members aie important in building and maintaining civilian morale These and othoi activities make the Mobilization Week impoitant and timely, and wo expect every club in the state to paiticipati ” Hold Special Meetings Each club will hold meetings dining the week to listen to specially piepaicd piogiams on 4-II club woik, and to speakeis fiom then ov\n lanks, oi Iiom the state club leaders’ office at the Umveimty These speakeis will discuss the loli of membeis and then clubs in the Victoi V piogiam. Women'^s Sports Club Elects Ford President Spoitswomcn, honoiaiy oigaiu /ation of Women’s Athletic Associ-' ation, yit-terday elected officcis foi the coming yeai They aic as lol lows piesidont, Bai baia Fold, vice picsidcnt, lane Blank; secietaiy, Shii lev Johnson, and ti easui ei, Ebz abeth Baughman The offitei s will Ik installed and pledges w'lll bo initiat ed next Sunday afternoon at the WAA cabin At the meeting vcstcuik.v pl<ln^ were discussed foi the Penny ( arm \ al which w ill be held Ajiiil lb Pai t ol flu jn oc c ( ds w ill I i give n to w ai
I ebe j
Schricker
(Continued from page 1) in a nation at wai, Governor Schiicker referred to the lecent launching of the new battleship, Indiana He said f;hat this battleship had cost ovei three times the physical valuation of the University, and “this should hold people who complain about the cost of education ” He pointed out that the loss of this wai would mean the loss of the pi ivilege of having educational institutions such as the Univeisity, and urged every banker to go home W’lth the idea of pushing the sale oi dclense bonds and securities. Dr. Elliott pointed out in his speech that “The University is a human bank paying intcicst in the foim oi car eel s of usefulness m the woild and in newly discoveied and
applied tiiiths ”
Movie Ends Progiam The banquet closed with a movie showing the farm woik accomplished by one county agent. The conteience yvill end this aftci - noon Dean A A Potter will speak at the noon luncheon, and Couch will preside ovei an afternoon session consisting oi talks and a panel discussion preceding adiouinment.
Claude Harper Will Talk At Hoof And Horn Meeting Claude Haiper, assistant chief of the animal husbandry dcpai tment, will be the principal speaker at the regular meeting of Hoof and Horn, animal husbandly club, to be held tonight m room 263 of the Union at 7 .30. ' In addition to Plaiper’s talk, “Extension Woik Expeiiences,” Don Biinkerhoflf will present several imitation, venti iloquist, and comedy acts. The meeting is in the foi m of a smokei and all animal husbandly staff members and students aie urged to attend
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Macliinos all makoa *iold rented, icpairtd and purchase<l MirncofTaph work done C T E.bersholf, GO') Main, Lafayette Phone 2779
Notices
Kappa Deltn Pi Phdi o tost will ho J / ’ t '’Ihinsdny Apnl 9 at I in mom lOG of the L<lu( ation Hldg HA\S All Engineering: Students Tiuio will bo a call out foi positions on the Puiduc Engineer today Apnl 8 it 4 p m in the Lngineer fa ollice* in the Union All sophomoies tnd freshmen interested in woiKing eithei on the bnsintss or tditoinl stalT aie invited to conu YOUNGHLOOD All ROIC StudenlH Ihc Corps both hugadcb will loim in the Aimoiy at 2 tO I> m Friday April 10 Rolls will bo taken iml ill students in the toips will lu ptestnt in uniloim —RIORDAN AWS Will the following puls on the lown Gnls Club (.vtcutive oommittie hi at the impoitant meetinpr "Ihuisday, Apnl I at 1 00 I) m in tlu AWS oHiet Frui, Kum 7iit ill ( lat/ Amos Laison Gravts htland laustieh AINSWORIII Phi Lambda Upsilon Infoimil mootinr Siturday April 11 at 1 p m in Room 270 ot the (lumistiv Buildiii" -MONTGOMERY
WAA Couhcilr Meeting Thursday, April 9, at 4 45 p m in the gym —WALKER CJhemistry Majors* The Miles Laboratories Inc , Elkhart, Jnd have openings foi two chemical majors in their analytical and control laboratories Those not subject to the diaft aic preferred, as they desiH these chemists on their staff —DEGERING Scabbard and Blade: Meeting Wednesday, Ai>nl 8 at 7 90 p m in the South Tower of Union Tt is impoitant that eneiy mcmb( 1 attend since olnns foi loiigh nite, banquet and parly will be discussed SULLIVAN Scrivener Llcction of ofTiceis to be held in Scnventi oHico Thursday April 9 at 4 *0 p m All mcmbcis plinse be there —RIEGLE WAA Members All girs 'ntciestcd in attending State PI ly Day at Torre Haute Apnl 18 sign up in gym today -HENNIS EE StndentH- You an mvitcd to attend an open mi cling of AlChE at 7 10 Wedlusdiy evening, Apnl 8 in the mam lecture mom of the Phyfeies Rldg Pro! Shitvt wil! talk on “Gems —KING (told Peppers* Picnic postponed Plans an being ni ide ior having it Tuesday, Ajiiil II Wall h tui fuithii d(v<lopments
I ORU
AK hE 9hoie will he a meeting in the main htlun mom of th( Physics building It 7 10 p m Wednesdav April 8 KRAYBir L Uegislraiion Workers StiuUnts who wish to woik lot 1h< Utgistinr during the summei Uim ngistiation May 1 and 5 aie miucstni to mike application at the Registill’s office 'Ihose with pnvious experumc at ngisti ition or in other clirieil jolis in givin prifiniuc - STONE Christian Poundulion Annual Senior Rinqiat will Ik rn<lay, Apnl 10 Irom () 15 until 8 10 p m at the ehuich Tickets aie I) cents and m ly bo obtiiincil from Jian Wolfe, Betty Ruth Di ike, Jeaiutle Pailui oi lltiselul Kilgon - JOHNSON Military Code Instruction* Men who qu ilifu d at G \/ p m oi bcttci and disiie a ceitilie it< to that I lint should lontaet Lt Huikhiit in IiislMUtois Room ol Aimory - iniRKIIARl PA( : Important mediiip Wednesday, April 8 EUetion of olluus All preUnt mimhers and ik w stnioi managers please
attend
- ADAMS
C.E. 62: A conditions test In Highwajt
Construction will be held at 1 iSO
urday, April 11 m room 206 of the Civil Engineering building Permits from the contioller’s office must be presented at time of the testj ' —PfiTTY Activities Bureau Interviewine Cominittec: MoetuiR Wednesday, AJiril 8, at 4:00i p tn in room 806 ot Union Irngortant that all fieshmen be theie —WELLS All Students: Students who expect to change from one school within the University to another at the end of the present semester are advised to obtain the necessary.! blanks at once Irom the Registrar’s office —STONE Catholic Students: A number of students are wanted for the Catholic eumm^ camp., Those interested call 2501 —BROCH Science Seniors: All science seniors who have not called at ihy office in the post week to fill out senior blanks arc requested to do BO at once. —ENDERS Hoof and Horn 'Club: Important meeting Wednesday, April 8, at 7 :80 p m in room 2bi of Union interesting progiam baa been ai ranged All members are urged to attend.
—DUFFY
S C A Board • Regular board meeting to be held in SC A loom Thursday, April 9, at 7 !0 pm —MOGAVERO Marriage Course: Meeting 7 "SO p m Wednesday, Apnl 8, in room 804 of the Union Mr Reamer will speak on "InHuninet ’ — WILKENING Alpha Phi Omega: Pledge meeting, Friday, Apul 10 at 7 p m, in the Swedish Lounge of the Union -—BREWER WAA Tennis: Two requited practices must be in belore Monday, April 13 Practices may be played anytime Scheduleii liiactice nights are Monday and Thursday
—SCHUBER
Acromodclers: Meeting Thursday, April 9, at 7 30 in Room 80 ot the Union. Everyone lie sure to attend AYA contest of next
Sunday will be discussed
—SMITH
Stage, Stunt, Studio Banquet Committee:
Phone 217f -PERVINE
Society of Automotive Engineers: Thursd.iy Apnl 10, ofliccrs will be nominated and (lected ioi the coming year or summer session .18 will be dccidcql. Chairman, sccre-tary-treasuiei vice-president, and viceehanmen in charge of meetings, publicity, and membership will bo chosen All membus kindly be in the Chestnut Room of the Union at 7 80 p m Refreshments will be stivid —'KEIL
LET’S STAMP OUf THE AXIS!
New Huder-anu Creism Deodorant safpfy Stops Perspiration
1 Ihics not I ot ilnsscs OI mtn s vjiii is Dijcs noi in il irc skin 2 No u iiiin> lo iji\ C in Ik used rii,ht iftci sh i\ ini, I InviiniU Mops ptispiMiion foi 1 U) ^ class Rcinoscs o loi fioni )ki spir Uion 4 A puic vclnrc i,rcTsilcss snmltsb \ inisliin^ (,1 c im 5 ^^lci Ins been awiickJ the Ap piovil Sell ol the Anicncin Insii lute of I u ndenng for being Im mless lo J ibries Arrid is the LARGEST SELLING DEODORANT Try a jar todayl AEEID OQp a jar Al ail stores selling toilet goodn (also in lOt and 'iDt jars)
Serve AMERICA by Conserving
• • •
Buy GOOD Clothes . . . have the Crown Cleaned Reji^nlarly! That will give longer life to yonr elotlies and release more woolens lor Government use.
Crown Laun
Aiiierica iiiiisl lie firsl—oii llie fields of hat lie, on Ihe sea, and in llie air. h'or those of ns who are slid al home, whether we are serving on defense projeels or not, oiir joh is lo share in onr
govern men I.
LErS STAMP OUT THE AXIS!
Top of the Hill
★
h. S BDIVDS
BUY DEFEIVSE STAMPS
' Cl