Purdue
I t* 'll riXponent
Volume 51, No. 161
Wednesday, April 24, 1940
Senate; PI A Announce Newly Elected Officers
Paul Whiteman's 37 Piece Orchestra Will Play For Founder's Day Dance
Paul Whiteman and his orchestra, now flaying in the East, have been engaged to play for the Class of 1940 Senior Hop, which is to be held in both Union ballrooms Saturday, May 4, from 9 to 12 p.m. This announcement was made last night by Union manager L. M. Vallely and the Gala Week committee. Whiteman, known since 1922 as ■
the “King of Jazz,” will bring his entire unit of 37 musicians to the Hop, which will be open to the student body and alumni. The dance will follow the annual Pounder’s Day Banquet, which begins in both ballrooms at 5:30 Saturday even-
ing.
Gala Week committee is completing arrangements for a program honoring seniors at both the banquet and the dance. A movement is under way to arrange for admitting those seniors who attend the banquet, but nothing definite has been decided on this as yet.
J. L. Richardson, '25, Will Address Senior AgSfiidents Tonight This evening John L. Richardson, Ag ’25, advertising manager for Allied Mills, Inc., will speak to senior Ag students and all others interested in employment lectures in the reception room of the Union at 7:30 o’clock. Prof. T. A. Coleman, associate director of the Agricultural Experiment Station, and Dean Eineritis J. H. Skinner will also addiess the group. Richardson will discuss the points and qualifications of a University graduate to woik with his or similar firms. Coleman will speak principally on what is expected of a man when he enters extention work. Dean Skinner’s talk will deal mostly Avith what possibility an Ag graduate has on the farm. All ag seniors are especially m'ged to be present and any other student desiring to come will be welcome. Freshmen Receive Useful Information About Study Habits Dr. J. E. Walters of the personnel office and Prof. E. L. Kelly of the Education and'Applied Psychology Department spoke yesterday on “Cormseling Freshman to Study” at a meeting of freshmen counselors yesterday at 5 p.m. in Stanley Coulter Hall. Speaking on how to counsel freshmen to study effectively. Prof. Kelly defined study as obtaining the greatest amount of learning in the least possible time. He went on to say that the fact should be impressed on the freshmen that learning of a college sort should go on continually even if tests are given only monthly. Dr. Walters spoke on how to teach a freshman to budget his time. He stated that a freshman must be convinced to do what he should do and not what he wants to do. To illustrate his talk Dr. Walters made out a sample time schedule for an average freshman. Dr. P. B. Knight, Director of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology spoke to the Faculty counselors at a meeting preceeding the student meeting yesterday.
Song Leaders Plan All-University Sing A meeting of all song leaders will be held Friday, April 26, at 4:15 p.m. in room P (next to the browsing room) of the Union to discuss plans for the all-University singing contest to be held May 11. Registration for all groups wishing to enter will be held at this meeting. The contest this year will begin with preliminaries at 2 p.m. the afternoon of May 11. From the entrants seven men’s groups and three women’s groups will be selected to participate in the finals which will be held in the evening at 7 p.m. There will be awards for all final-
ists. '
A. P. Stewart will talk to the song leaders at the meeting Friday, which will be conducted by Ruth Bennett and Paul Hammon, Union vice-pres-idents in charge. Dress and points for judging will also be discussed. Tressler To Discuss Food Preservation Dr. D. K. Tressler, professor of agricultural chemistry at Cornell University, will be the guest speaker at the April meeting of the Purdue Section of the American Chemical Society Friday, April 26. Mr. and Mrs. Tressler will be the guests of honor at a dinner at 6 p.m. in the Union. At 7:30, Tressler will speak on “The Chemical Problems of the Frozen Food Industry.” Dr. Tressler has specialized in the chemistry of soils, food refrigeration and control of vitamin C contents of fruits and vegetables. In view of the general interest in the subject of this lecture a cordial invitation to attend this meeting is extended to all those interested. Tressler will show some interesting slides and movies.
Campus Leadets ToSpeakAtLast . Etiquette Forum student leaders Herb Fishbum, president of Student Senate, Jerry Hinshaw, PIA president, Cornelia Caldwell, president of Glenwood coop house, and Margaret Mitchell, Gold Peppers president will be guest speakers at the third and last PIA etiquette forum tonight at 7:16 in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. Chief topic of discussion by the speakers will be “What Do You Expect,” giving opinions of what students, both men and women, think about etiquette. After the formal discussion. Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant Dean of Women, and Mr. A. P. Johnson, assistant in the Men’s Personnel Service will lead an informal forum. The forum will conclude a series of three meetings which began April 10. According to Jayne Myer, leader of the forums, and PIA Co-ed Executive, the forums are open to the campus. At the first meeting, discussion centered upon an etiquette book written by Georgann Schilling, Coed Editor of the Exponent, and sponsored by PIA. Camera Club Will Stage Its Second 'Studio Night' Tonight at 7:30 in the Union, the Camera Club will hold its second “studio night” for this semester. The club will furnish all the lights and background, and it will have several campus beauties there to act as models. This meeting will give members the opportunity to get a few portraits for the forthcoming exhibit. All members are urged to attend.
Dairy Club
. . . announces election of the following officers: T. R. Blosser, president; G. W. Reeder, vice-president; P. R. De Long, secretary; and H. E. Umbaugh, publicity manager.
Varsity, 'College News Magazine,' Makes First Appearance On Stands Of Nation
Commencement Invitations Orders for commencement invitations and announcements, now on sale at Dene’s, Southworth’s, and the west desk of the Union, must be placed before 9 p.m-, Friday, April 26. Cash payment must accompany the orders. Samples are on display at the Union and the bookstores.
By Gordon Fletcher Varsity—“the college news magazine”—appeared on national newsstands for the first time last week. Vice-president of Carnelson House, publishers of the bi-monthly, is Harvey Olson, Sci. ’29. While in school Olson played football (he was captain in ’28), was a member of Pan-hel and prom committees, and wore a Gimlet hat and an Iron Key his senior year. He is a member of Phi Kaj)pa Sigma fraternity. In recent years Olson conducted student tours to Europe, but since the outbreak of war he has been with the Chicago publishing house. Purpose of Magazine The purose of the magazine is expressed in its sub-title, “college news m a g a z i n e.” Departments range from “Events of the Fortnight,” to “Co-ed Fashions.” Such things as “On Athletic Fronts,” “Hall of Fame,” “Background for Success,” and cartoons are featured. One article is “Campus Headline^” begins, “Kissed three times by Illinois’ ugliest man was sultrylooking, blonde . . .” and right along side a story starts, “James Whitcomb Riley, George Ade, Booth Tarkington . . . have contributed to
Hoosier poetiy and literature.” And so it goes with stories from numerous campuses in the country. Picture of Fred Montague On page six a picture of ^^red Montague and Joann Geer meets the eye. Underneath is a story of CAA flying here at the University. Directly below, seven Grinnell coeds, interested in business, are pictured. Across the page Joan Dreyfuss, Noithwestein Pi Phi poses. Olson himself writes an athletic column entitled “Feedbox.” Pages 14 to 17 are devoted to portrajdng life of college journalists. Barbara Cook, University Theta, dressed for a game of badminton, is pictured in the co-ed section. Under “Travel” you see collegians putting on a palm-surround-ed green, sailing in the Gulf Stream, and water skiing in Nassau. All things that make an ideal vacation. And cartoons aren’t forgotten. One captioned, “We get ’em this way every time,” is particularly good. The Pointer is represented twice here, Dartmouth Jack o’Lantern, Arizona Kitty Kat, and NYU Medley, once each. An editorial page, written by two collegiate editors Concludes the parade of campus news.
Housemothers Will Study Student Life At Summer School Purdue will again be host to house directors, housemothers, and others in charge of student living groups af the second annual Housemother’s Training School to be held June 17 to July 12. All those attending the school will live in the Women’s Residence Halls where methods of “socializing” the group, details of house management, and the intricacies of commissary management may be studied. Throughout the school period house management problems and work with groups and student coimseling will be taught. Under these topics various points will be considered such as the philosophy of student housing, the objectvies of student living-groups, problems relating to house management, student personality adjustments, the development of social competence, the formation and changing of attitudes, personal counseling,' intergroup lelationships ,and methods of intellectual stimulation. The teaching staff will include Dr. Gilbert Wrenn, professor of educational psychology at the University of Minnesota, Professor Edith Gamble, head of the department of institution management, Naomi McGuire, supervisor of foods and house maintenance, Women’s Residence Hall, Helen Schleman, director of Women’s Residence Halls, and Dr. Dorothy Stratton, dean of women, all of Purdue. There will be special lecturers in addition to the regular
staff members.
Last year 94 persons representing 23 different institutions attended the school. This year an even greater eniollment is expected. Dr, S, Higginbottom Will Discuss India Dr. Sam Higginbottom, widely known as the “Father of India” for his work in raising the standard of living in India by the application of scientific methods of agriculture, will visit the University today from
2:30 to 7:30 p.m.
From 3:30 to 5:30 he will meet leaders in the agricultural school. All students are invited to attend an informal cafeteria supper and discussion in the reception room of
the Union at 5:30.
Dr. Higginbottam is moderator of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in the United States, and president of Allahabad Christian College, Allahabad, India. Bridge Tourney Teams Enter Semi-Finals Tonight First round in the semi-finals of the Union Bridge tourney, will be held tonight at 7 p.m. in the north ballroom of the Union. The names of the teams qualified to compete in tonight’s round were announced in last Saturday’s Exponent; any teams in doubt as to qualifications can see the score sheets in the game room of the Union. Twelve of the lowest scoring teams will be eliminated after tonight’s games. Out of the 34 teams competing, twenty-two will be qualified to play in the second round of the semi-finals to be
held next week.
Musser, Archibald To Head PIA; Layson, Elley Will Lead Senate Other Executives LeBeouf, Sopcak, Are Wise, Yoelkel McFarland Get Posts
Tea Dance
New Student Senate officers as elected by the Senate board late last night are: president, Harry Layson; vice-president, Fi"ed Elley; treasurer, Jack Wise; and secretary, Lois Voelkel. . From the list of 16 eligible juniors, next year’s senior board was chosen, the present to include Jack Wise, Lois Voelkel, John Van Horn, Harry Layson, Fred Elley, Lewis McCann on, John Stewart, and Victoria Milea. Selected from 8 sophomores of last year’s senate members and 20 sophomore workers to compose next year’s junior executive board are John Walley, Beth Partenhumer, Tad' Stiers, Dick Dibos, Hugh Lawrence, Mary Ruther, Emil Spanich, and Tom Yoder. The newly elected officers will assume their positions following the annual banquet to be held in their honor, the time and place which is to be announced later. Members of this' year’s senior electoral board are Herb Fishburn, Bill Hart, Martin Estey, Louise Daniels, Ralph Reiley, Don Paarlberg, Jack Swander, and Margaret Mitchell. Templeton To Give Concert In Jeff Gym Alec Templeton, blind pianist and composer, will present a conceit tonight at 8:15 in the Jefferson High School gymnasium. It will be his second appearance in Lafayette. A native of Wales, he has won wide acclaim both in the United States and England. Templeton’s program, consisting of two parts, will start with original compositions of great composers and will conclude with musical impressions of his own, such as his well-known “Bach Goes To Town.” Blind since birth, Templeton developed a talent for music at an early age. Since 1934, when he came to the United States with Jack Hylton’s band, Alec Templeton has appeared with the Chicago, Detroit, and Ford symphony orchestras. Courtney To Swing For Cary Hall "Joes" Del Courtney and his Candid Camera swingsters will provide music styled by Orville Knapp for the Cary Hall informal “Joe” dance on Friday, April 26, from 9 until 12 p.m. Courtney features Sherman Hayes, Joe Martin, Dick Didline, and the three I^lls as vocalists. Del,'a versatile trumpet and piano playei-, also sings and does impersonations. Formerly a student at the University of California, where he had a campus band, Courtney has played in practically every state in the Union. He has made recordings for Brunswick and Vocalion. Members of the dance committee are Joe Price, Chairman, Alan Batsford, Dick Zweig, George Kintner, Carl Lutz, Bob Mullet, Jack Daley, Noi’m Smith, George Frey, Wally Schalck, and Walter Swigart*
Sigma Nu
... to aid in the campaign to raise funds for students in foreign lands will be held in rooms 332 and 334 in the east wing of the Union Thursday afternoon from 4 to 6 p.m. All co-eds will be admitted free but eds will be charged ten cents. All proceeds from the dance will be tmmed over to the fund.
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following" officei’s for the coming school year; P. L. Hamman, commander; E. J. DishaivJt. commander; W. W. Trud-> gen, ‘Reorder; G, E. Fergusont house pianager; J, R. Jones, treasurer; O. L. Allanson, reporter; R. W. Anderson, marshall; J. A. Miller, athletic manag-er; F. B. Laramore, rush chairman; J, A.^ Miller, asst, rush chairman; H.’^C. Dees, song leader; 0. L. Allanson^ sentinel; H. E. Knight, chfkplain.
In tallying the votes of yesterday’s PIA election Wayne Musser, Sci. ’41 and Warren Archibald, Sci. ’41 were elected the new president and vicepresident respectively for the coming year. The defeated party headed by Jack Due for president and Bill Kneppner for vice-president was defeated by the counts of 182 to 105, and 163 to 121. Joan LeBoeuf, HE ’41, receiving 165 votes, defeated Warene Hoover, HE ’41, to become next year’s Co-ed Executive. Patsy McFarland, WRH, Phar. ’42, became secretary of PIA yesterday by out-ranking Leah Gluck, Sci. ’41, with 188 votes against 97. Hobert Blosser, Ag ’41, defeated Ed Sopcak, Met. ’42, and Lawrence Hess, ME '41, unaffiliated, for the position of treasurer. Hess, who Speaking for the candidates who ran with me in yesterday’s PIA election, we wish to thank all of our supporters and friends. We will do our best to continue the excellent work of the administration that we will soon replace. We know that our worthy opponents wiU work with us for the continued progress of the Purdue Independent Association as well as the general student body. In our efforts to make PIA an even stronger and more beneficial organization, we will greatly appreciate your suggestions. —^Wayne Musser. ran for office unaided by any supporting faction, received the highest number of votes any single candidate has yet gathered. The newly elected officers together with this year’s executive board will meet tomorrow evening at 7:15 in the PIA office to consider petitions for the eight chairmen on the executive board. Today at 4 o’clock marks the deadline for petitions. Any PIA member is eligible for petition as a chairman of a committee. The new executive board will be installed next Tuesday evening, April 30, at the PIA banquet in the Union building. PIA keys, also the Keisner Scholastic Cup, and the Freshman Activity Cup will be awarded by the executive board. Skeleton Comes To Life In Puttering Room Parley “What are we going to sketch tonight, Mr. Parks?” “A skeleton,” he said and hastily added, “a dead one of course.” The puttering room was soon filled with students, faculty and townspeople who were interested in sketching or fascinated with watching others in the process. Mr. Parks started the pencil pushing by demonstrating how to start with the skeleton and work out. The putterers chose pencils, charcoal and pastels and various types of papers. As the evening progressed Parks went from student to student helping them with their individual problems. This evening’s puttering was relaxing and very interesting. Everyone, wen those with very little talent, enjoyed leax-ning the fundamentals of sketching (without the grade attached). In the future there will be more free demonstrations of' art for those whq are intez'ested in coming around for a little help and a chance to do the things they have always wanted to try their hand on, •Rie future meetings will include work in oil, water color, cartooning, clay modeling, leather and metal crafts and mask making with plaster of Paris molds.MPMM
’”>'<' ' " ' '■ t *’■ > s' *■ ''l < ' , "* 'i , ' "'
PUBD0E BZPOMEIIT
Wednesday, April 24, 1940
Sophomore Caldier, Higbliglib Puitfae SeanidlnToonKr
Woe OiiiHOHs Boiler 54; Young, weigiiiiiiietsPiace 6<*i«idiihd(r«k™n Track Sauad Leaves For __ ^ ^ m ■■-■■. ■ 4*0 ■■«* Wsillf fiff Wini Taii Haaapc ni
■ ■
Drake Relays Tomorrow Nine members of the Boilermaker track team have been selected to carry the glory of the Gold and Black to Des Moines, Iowa, next Saturday for the thirty-first renewal of the Drake Belays, Coach Hermon Phillips'^ announced today. Members of the squad, selected upon the basis of records throughout the season and appearance in recent workouts, will leave Thursday morning to make the journey to the scene of action by auto. Mile Relay ..
By Joe Dolan
Purdue handed Butler University’s baseball team a victory yesterday on Ross-Ade Field and—imagine the nerve—swiped it back, the old Indian-givers. The final score was 5-4 in a contest displaying dismal baseball in a dark, drizzly, dreary atmosphere b^use of the slow, thin precipitation that fell through-
out the nine innings.
Bob Bailey, stai-ting on the mound for Fehrmg’s men tui-ned in a great exhibition of how to get out of holes with a slanting out-cui-ve to right handed battei’s that seemed to hit a glancing blow about twelve feet in front of batters and drifted tantalizingly away from amazed Bulldog batters. He struck out seven men in the five innings he worked and succeeded in getting two swinging strikes on the majority of Cap-ital-city platemen to face him before they hit the leather. Bob allowed five hits and walked six. However, control was indeed difficult because of a slippery ball.
Purdue Scores
Purdue’s, initial scores came in the third inning after Vernon led off with a walk to start the inning. Stamm counted Vernon with a resounding double to right center. Seeing third base unguarded because of the attention Vernon had attracted while scoring, Stamm tried to reach third but some lucky base tovering by Butler cut down the blond headed senior going into third. Then up stepped Mackiewicz with a home rim on a drive that rolled between Butler’s center and right fielders.
Small Time Lead
Purdue’s lead was short lived. To start the visitor’s half of the fourth Hamilton popped an easy fly to Captain Mackiewicz which was too easy, so Mac dropped it. Mac still had an error left in him; so he threw Hack’s roller so low to Smithson at first that Smitty didn’t have a chance for it even after he scooped like a WPA worker. Hamilton went to third on the error. Tex, visiting pitcher, struck out, but Swager singled Hamilton home with a blow to center. Guleff walked and with Hack, Swager, and Guleff on the bases, Herman continued the bombardment with a two run single to right center. Bailey’s wild pitch then counted the fourth Butler run in the form of Guleff. More Purdue Scores Purdue scored twice in the fifth v/hen Stamm singled, advanced on Mackiewicz’s walk, and both boys scored while the Bulldog infield was getting Wargo on an infield tap. The Boilermaker’s winning marker came as the result of two Butler misplays. Emmert reached second on a Bulldog miscue of his infield roller, went to third on McFerren’s infield out, and scored the winning marker on a wild pitch.
Young Shines
As usual Purdue was outhit, Butler getting nine safeties and Purdue seven. However, compensating for the Boilerma^ker’s dismal showing at the plate, which is getting to be a habit, was the brilliant catching job turned in by sophomore Ernie Young catching his first game for Pm’due. He walked twice in four trips to the plate and his back-hand I eceiving of Bailey’s slants that had the plate currents in dia-doo’s was a welcome sight to behold. He contributed the fielding gem of the day Hi the third when he caught with his glove hand Neat’s high foul which was blown over the back-stop and back again by the windy rain. It was a beautiftil catch, with two Butler base runners perched on the
sacks.
Home Ecs Leave Today To Inspect Chicago Concerns
Clothing and textile majors in the home economics school will leave for Chicago this afternoon on a three-day inspection trip. According to Prof. Philena Palmer, clothing instructor who will accompany 'the group, time will be spent inspecting various mercantile concerns and in interviewing personnel and employment managers. Thursday morning will be spent touring Marshall Field and Company, while the afternoon will include a trip to the Merchandise Mai't and the Kuppenheimer Company. On Friday the group will visit Sears, Roebuck and Company and be guests there at luncheon. In the afternoon a stop will be made at Eisenberg’s. Prof. Marian Willoughby, also of the clothing depaiffmeht, will join the group at this time. Interviews with Carson, Pirie Scott and Company, Mandel Brothers, Sears, Roebuck and Company, The Fair Store, and Marshall Field and Company are scheduled for
Saturday morning.
Students making the trip are Helen Bailey, Ileen DeVault, Joanne Edson, Mary Jane Laramore, Katherine Henderson, Lottie Summer, Sister Joan Marie, Doris Markman, Jayne Myer, Lois Reece, Barbara Roderick, Rufina Sexton, and Betty
Wickard.
Alpha Xi Delta Celebrates 47th Annual Founders' Day Alpha Xi Delta, social sorority, celebrated its 47th annual Founders’ Day with a formal ceremony and tea at the chapter house on Sunday afternoon, April 21. Alumnae from all over the state of Indiana were present. Among those who attended were Mrs. Gordan Hinshaw, Indianapolis Panhellenic president; Miss Mary Jo Harvey, Indianapolis president of Alpha Xi Delta alumnae; and Maxine Cahille, who has lecently been appointed as the rushing chairman for the state of Indi-
MIDNITE SHOWS ONLY Thur.-Fri.-Sat.
HOW DO GIRLS, DESPERATE AND BROKE.GET BY?
NOW SHOWING IT'S ANOTHER BIG FIRST RUN HIT
PRIMROSE PATH with HMUNff BAMBEAU HENRY TRAVERS MILES MANDER fiodoced and dbeded by IRERORYUCAVA
See glamorous Gmger in fugtatls!
Missing a first place position by a meagre half point, the Weightlifting Club was forced to accept a second place ribbon in the Northern Indiana weightlifting tournament held last Saturday in East Chicago. Considering the fact this is the first such meet in which the club has participated, the excellent Showing is a tribute to the members. Totals for the meet are as follows: Hudgens (148) 640 pounds; Kasznia (150) 546 pounds; Sleeper (165) 560 pounds; and Britt (214) 580 pounds. Wohlenberg To Address Seiond Heat Conference Professor W. J. Wohlenberg of Yale will speak again today at the final sessions of a two-day heat transfer conference. The meetings will be held in room 207 of the mechanical engineering building. Subjects for today’s lectures are “Equations Representing Net Radaition Interchanges Occun’ing in Systems Involving Gases with Particles in Suspension” and “Energy Distribution in the Pulverized Coal Fuimace Cavity.” Professor Wohlenberg presented two similar lectures yesterday. IM Schedules BASEBALL Wednesday, April 24 PSamond 1 Sigma Pi vs Phi Kappa. 2 Triangle vs Theta Xi. 3 Phi Kappa Psi vs Alpha Chi Rho. 4 Tau Epsilon Phi vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 5 Acacia vs Pi Kappa Phi. 6 Delta Tau Delta vs Pi Kappa Alpha. 7 Kappa Delta Rho vs Alpha Kappa Lambda .3 Phi Kappa Tau vs Delta Upsilon 9 Sigma Chi vs Tau Kappa Epsilon. 10 Phi Gamma Delta vs Phi Sigma Kappa TENNIS SINGLES Wednesday, April 24 4 15—Pi Kappa Alpha vs Alpha Sigma Phi Beta Theta Pi vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon Phi Kappa Tau vs Phi Gamma Delta Sigma Nu vs Kappa Delta Rho Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Theta Xi Acacia vs Alpha Tau Omega Delta Upsilon vs Phi Delta Theta. Kappa Sigma vs Phi Sigma Kappa Lambda Chi Alpha vs Sigma Pi Phi Kappa vs Sigma Chi Phi Kappa Psi vs Sigma Phi Epsilon. Theta Tau vs Alpha Gamma Rho Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Sigma Alpha
Mu
Theta Chi vs Alpha Chi Rho Triangle vs Pi Kappa Phi. Phi Kappa Sigma vs Delta Chi
MBHiSTId Starts TOMORROW
s||j^ ill MAETERLINCKS' THE BLUE BIRD Shirley Temple Spring Byington Nigel Bruce • Gale Sondergaard —LAST TIMES TODAY— JEAN ARTHUR FRED MacMURRAY MELVYN DOUGLAS — IN — TOO MANY HUSBANDS'
MADS TOMORROW - FRIDAY
M Lynn Bari > Mary Beth Hughes ^Hoan Dovis • Henry Wilcoxon ^ Robert Lowery • Alan Baxter \ Helen Ericsen* Chick Chandler I —LAST TIMES TODAYJOAN BENNETT GEORGE RAFT — IN — THE HOUSE ACROSS THE BAY'
Walk Off With Top Honors Af Terre Haute Safurday A Boilermaker swimming contingent headed by Captain Johnny Graham emerged several medals richer as a result of their fine showing at the Midstates and Indiana Indoor Championships held Saturday at Terre Haute. The meet marked the opening of the new pool at the Indiana State Teachers College. The medley relay trio, made up of Captain Graham, Dick Kratzer, and James Mecredy, came out on top in their event. In winning this Mid-States championship, Graham swam the breast stroke, Mecredy the back stroke, and Kratzer the free style. \
Graham Plenty Hot
To add to their laurels, Graham took second place in the Mid-States 440 yard free style. Mecredy took a first in the Indiana AAU 100 yard back stroke and Kratzer took a blue ribbon in the Indiana AAU 220 yard
free style event.
Representing the Boilermakers in the women’s championships, several co-eds made the trip to Terre Haute. The co-ed entries, who have been training under Coach Dick Papenguth, covered themselves with glory as Barbara Cook won the Mid-States low board diving title and Loraine Bemis took second place in the 60 yard free style and third in the
220 yard free style. Tough Competition
The Riveter team had plenty in the way of competition as there was nothing but first class teams entered in the meet. Swimmers from Illinois, Michigan, Missouri, and Indiana competed in Indiana’s foremost swimming competition. Highlighting Boilermaker swimming activities for the next few weeks, the Dolphin Club’s presentation of The Galacade will occupy the attention of followers of the
swimming team.
OPEN
WOODS and|R0NS^~ T he sharp-sbooting champion from Texas Byron Nelson hold er of the prized No+ionol Open Golf crown gives you (hese ad vonced 1940 Golf Club Models for your gome today
WOODS
$
7
0^ each
Sets of 3 and 4 Solid mahogany finish Criss cross face scoring Cel luloid collai over stringing
IRONS $ X 0 0
each
Seis ot 6 and fl Double Hangc Blade a i i n chrome finish rounded sole Fine line sionng
Both woods and irons firted with True Temper Chrome Step Down shafts Perforated grips Regis tered Weights and I engths
QluJpi QoH NOW ON DISPLAY
dCbe/t^ LOEB&HCNC COMPANY
Captain Red Sl^iackleton, who will be leading his mates to the great intersectional contest for the last time, will team with Simmons, Anthony, and Fisher to make up a mile relay team which should give the experts plenty to think about in making out the dope sheets. In addition, he will probably join W. Gaulke, Tycocki, and Holderman in the sprint medley. Possible relay entries also include W. Gaulke, Anthony, Tycocki, and Rankin in the half mile event. Young Mr. Holderman should likewise attract plenty of attention as he attempts to prove to the interested crowd that the 4:13.2 mile which he turned in earlier in the season did not mark him falsely as one of the nation’s outstanding distance men. Dave Rankin, All-American football star, who has been winning his laurels on the cinder path will try his specialty—the hurdles—^to provide more chances for points in the individual events. Dave has shown
great improvement this season and may surprise the galaxy of star timber-toppers convening at Des Moines. Other Entries Other individual entries include Forrest Weber in the shot put and discus and Ted Tycocki in the broad jump. '
NEW ADVANCED CLASS IN BALLROOM DANCING OPENS TO-NIGHT 7:30 P. M. Latest Dance Step Taught P. M. Allen, Instructor, Graduate Chalif School N. Y. Past-Pres. Chicago National Ass'n of Dancing Masters AXiIJKlM^S and F«sxy
COMING TO THE
MARS SUNDAY
JLUmA LAST DAY—2 FEATURES
I 'QeVtblVul FhJid
'He Married His Wife'
Thur.-Fri.-Sat.—2 Features WILLIAM BOYD in "Hidden Gold" — ALSO — JOHN PAYNE in 'King of the Lumberjacks'
LAST DAY-
lunels •trapped plana! Rfiarine adventure! Remance! Thrills!
CHESTER MORRIS LUCILLE BALL WENDY BARRIE JOHN CARRADINE ALLEN JENKINS • JOSEPH CALLEIA C. AUBREY SMITH • KENT TAYLOR • PATRIC — AND —
—THURS. - FRI. - SAT — SAINT IN LONDON IN OLD CALIENTA DAREDEVILS OF THE RED CIRCLE
Great Values for Young Men Graduates 1 and 2 Trouser Suits «19.75 ' $24-'^5 $29-'^5 An immense selection of handsome new three button Hollywood and double breasted models. Come in and see them. Sport Coats special $8.75 Slack Pants $4.00 - $5.00 - $6.00 Slack Ensembles $2.95 to $5.95 KING THE CLOTHIER LAFAYETTE, IND.
u
♦
M fig| Wednesday. ApiSl 1^4/1940
PUil£)U£ EXPONENT
Classified
Ads ft>R SALE
FOR SALE — Typewriten. All make*, standard and portable, sold, purohasad, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Snpplies^- C. F. Bbershefl,
606 Main street.
FOB RENT
7
Lost: Parker mechanical pencil, rear of Michael Golden Shops. Finder please call 2428, Johnny.
Lost: Gold pendant set with amethyst and pearls. Phone 3733. Janet Pickering.
Lost, Tuesday: Purse with keys; Waterman fountain pen; money. Pat Wynne. WRH West.
SLACKS of BEDFORD CORDS GABARDINES $6-50 . $7.50 SPORT COATS PLAIN COLORS FANCY PATTERNS $12-95. $15-00 ROSENTHAL’S 322 Main Street
VICTOR POPULAR RELEASE
On Sale This Week
26562 Believing—F. T. (V. R.) They Ought to Write a Book about You—F. T. (V. R.T Hal Kemp and his Orchestra 26563 Don't Fall Asleep.—F.T. (V.R.) Gloomy Sunday—F. T. (V-R.) Artie Shaw , and his Orchestra 26564 Let There Be Love—F. T. (V. R.) The Peasant Serenade—^ F. T. (V. R.) Swing and Sway with Sammy Kaye 26565 Loca liusion—Bolero ‘ Pa-Ran-Parj-Pan—Rumba ' (V. R.) Xavier Cugat and his Waldorf-Astoria Orchestra
Bie Foster Shop AaHMpfzMl Dcaten RCA - VICtROLAS - VICTOR RECORDS East Side Square
Do You Save? Add costs of Sending and Returning, to Mother's time and supplies on your home washing. Then Call American and Save! 10% Discount on your laundry at W. S. Office. "We Pick-up and Deliver' American Laundry West Side Office 192 Vine St
Notices
PIA Members: Petitions for all offices other than president, co-ed executive, vicepresident, secretary, and treasurer of PIA for. the coming year are due Wednesday, April 24,'at 5:80 p.m. in the PIA office. Petitions need no signature but should state qualifiacations. —HINSHAW.
in the Foundation house at 7. p. m. Wednesday, April 24. ■" —BROWN.
Women's
Pi Tan Sigma Actives and Pledges: Those who have not received their tickets for the All-Kngineering Honorary Banquet see ihe before 4 p. m. Wednesday, April 24. \ —EILERING.
independent Staff: Organization meeting in PIA office Wednesday, April 24 at 7:16 attend. ■ —SELKOWITZ.
Russ—Bent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min, $2,60 all night. Phone 71644.
LOST AND FOUND Loet: Parker Mechanical pencil, rear Michael Golden Shops; Finder please call 2428, Johnny. Lost: Gray reversible topcoat at Newman Club lEladio Dance. Believed taken by mistake. Call 3240.
Scabbard and Blade: Formal initiation Wednesday, April 24, at 6 p. m. in Armory. Banquet in Union at 6-p.m. Formal uniform required. . —OLSON.
Ag. Seniors and Juniors: The Alpha Zela employment lecture will be held in, the reception room,of the Union, 'Wednesday, April 24, at 7 :30 p. m. —STEWART.
Eta Kappa Nu; Formal initiation will be held Wednesday, April 24, at 4:45 p. m. in room 304 of the Union; banquet in room 366 at 6 p. m. —APPLBYARD.
Theta Alpha Phi Pledges, Actives: Meet at Sigma Pi fraternity at 7:30 p. m., Thursday, April '26. Short but important^ —HETTEMA.
POMM : Meeting Thursday, April 26 at 4 p. m. in the armory. Election of officers. Everyone be there. —HOTLER.
. . . physical education department instructors Marjorie Chase, Marion Russel, Ray Fraser, Hazel Smith and Helen Knight are spending part, of this week in Chicago attending the annual meeting of the Miff-West Physical Association. Prof. Helen Hazelton, head of the department, is president of the group.
armory at 11 a. m., Thursday, April 26. Colonel Pickering will discuss the corps formation. Uniforms will not be worn. —HURST.
Exponent Freshmen Editorial Workers: The following men are scheduled as assistant ni ght editors during the next two weeks: Streid, April 28; Johnson, 24; Allanson, 26; Overman, 26; Thran, 27; Novey, 29; Zinski, 80 ; Kolb, May 1; Adams, .2; Amos, 3: and Stoeckel, 4. It is important that you report on these days. —FRED.
Chess Club: Regular meeting Wednesday, April 24 at 7 p. m., in Union game room. -GOFF.
Camera Club: Studio night, Wednesday, April 24, at 7 :30 p. m., in room 304 of Union. Bring cameras. There will be models. . —GEPHART.
Fencers: The following men report to the fleldhouse Wednesday, April 24, at 4 p. m.: Bacin, Green, Hoskins, Jackson, Kausman, McCaughey, Paine; Plummer, Rice, and Ekeberg. —NEPTUNE.
Glider Club: Meeting Thursday, April 26 in room 304 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. —MILLER.
P-Men: Meeting Thursday, April 26, at 7:30 p. m., in room 286 of 'Union. Election of officers will be held. —VYVERBERG.
Purdue Radio Guild: Meeting Thursday, April 26 at 7:30 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. Gibbs will sjjeak. Please be present. —MILLER.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday, April 24 at 7 '.46 p. m. in the WSGA office. —ZWIERLEIN.
Gimlets: Important meeting room 236 of the Union at 7 p. m., Wednesday, April 24. All pledges and actives must be present. —FRAZEE.
Purdue Engineer: Traylor, Koele, Vaughan, Leighton, please report to office Thursday, April 26 at 4 p. m. —STAMBAUGH.
Independent Co-eds: You may participate in the University Sing on May 11. Organization meeting Wednesday, April 24 at 4 p. m. in room 307, Union. —LE BOEUF.
Senior and Junior Ag Students: Wednesday, April 24, John Richardson, Prof., T. A. Coleman, and Dean Emeritus J. H. Skinner, will address all Juniors and Seniors interested in employment lectures at 7:80 in the reception room of the Union. —STEWART.
Ballet Group: Practice at 6 o’clock in Women’s gym Wednesday and Thursday of this week. —ROSENCRANS.
Playshop Workers; Construction for Fresh Fields starts Wednesday, April 24, at 4 p. m. —PETTIBONE.
University Choir: Unorganized co-ed choir members' who are interested in' the University Sing meet Wednesday; April 24 at 4 p, m. in room 307, Union. —LE BOEUF.
, WSGA OflSce Committee Workers; Please report for work Thursday and Friday, April 26-26 at 4 p. m. —HUTCHISON.
Purdue Engineer: All freshmen workers report at 4 p. m., Wednesday, April 24. —GALE.
Wesley Foundation: The executive committee will have a very important meeting
First Brigade Cadet Officers: All cadet officers in the First Brigade will meet in the
Wesley Players : An open meeting of Wesley Players will be held this evening at 7 :30 at the Wesley Foundation house. —HOOVER.
Men who work among wires that are carrying electricity keep a mighty strong respect for it—those wires are packed with authority that doesn’t stand for trifling. Electricity must be powerful to do the work it sets out to do. It may be going to a factory, for instance, where workers depend on it to help them make things that mean wages for themselves and something useful to thousands of others. Some of it may be on its way to a hospital, to a store, or to homes. It’s all important business, important to many people . . . good business for a lot of people. It’s too important to be stopped — and the men who work among **hot wires” don^t let it stop^
PU B yes ERVlC E C0m PflPVt 0 F
Dr.ThumanB.Rice ToGive Conducing Marital Discussion Speaker for the last marita,! lecture of the year is Thurman B. Rice M. D., School of Medicine, Indiana University. Dr. Rice has been a speaker every year at the marital lectures since the beginning of the series nine years ago. Thursday afternoon he will give a speech for the men only in the lecture room of the education building. Herb Fishburn, president of the Student Senate, will have charge of the meeting, and there will be a gAieral discussion from the floor at the end of Dr. Rice’s talk. Thursday evening Dr. Rice will give a speech “Marriage As Seen by a Physician” to the students taking the marital course conducted by Dr. Lillian Gilbreth. This meeting will take place in the faculty lounge of the Union at 7:80 p.m. Dr, Rice, who has alway's been a popular speaker on this campus, was recently at Butler University to give a speech before their marital class. Alpha Tau Omega . . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers for the coming semester: John A. Curtis, president; John W. Richey, chaplain; William M. Dempster, treasurer; Robert J. Pearson, record keeper; James George, secretary; Jack P. Money, usher; and Maurice E. Vitale, sehtinel. New initiates include, Robert E. Livinghouse, Plsnmouth; Richard W. Tesch, Muncie; Harry L. Markus, Indianapolis; Jack P. Silvers, Portland; Howard C. Burkholder, Indianapolis; Eepneth E. Hufstater, Buffalo, New York; Maurice B. Sunderland, Wilmette, Illinois; Robert J. Detamore, Portland; Robert J. Pearson, Portland; and Richard F. Shively, Lafayette.
Co-eds Visit Chicago Juveniie InstHirtions Child development field trip was* .taken by a group of University women to (Chicago Monday and yesterday, April 22-2.3 to visit institutions for children handicapped physically and socially and to see what provisions are made for Such children. , The institutions visited were the Juvenile Court and Detention House, the Children’s Hospital of Cook County, the Spalding School for Handicapped Children, Mary Crane Nursery School, and Hull House. Those who attended were, Betty Frost, Helen Bailey, Virginia Beck, Ammy Pfeiffer, Margaret Perkins, Helen Essington, Marguerite Gustafson, Kathrjm Lang, Issabelle Allen, Dorothy Ells, Martha Frueh, Annette Zeigler, Dora Stong, Kathleen Stevens, Jane Kirshman, Carolyn Keisling, and'Myra Lewis. Student's Service Fund To Present Movies Tonight This evening between 7:30 and 8:30 in room 129 of the EE building, the Student’s Service Fund will sponsor a free movie. Prof. Sears, an authority on conditions in China, will speak to the assembly. P. H. Chin, president of the Chinese Stur dents Club, and John Van Ov(ervera, student front Holland, will also speak. One of the movies, “For The Wounds of China” showing conditions in China, should prove very interesting. The other movie is a “March of Time” which shows some of the latest conditions in Europe. There will he a box at the back of the room for those who wish to contribute to the Fund.
The University of Wisconsin was the first American college to have courses in Scandanaviani languages.
New Shirt and Skirt Play Costumes Exclusive at Loeb’s (as featured in Mademoiselle) Expertly tailored little dresses finished painstakingly by hand. Made by Everglade—in spick and span summer cottons that launders like handk(erchiefs. Patch Pockets (as sketched) Red, green or blue chambray—Sizes 12 to 20 jr
Junior Dresses
$6-^5
Second FloorrOBDOE EXBOMBNT
Wednesday, Appl 24, 1940
if
Incidentally— By Romanoff Incidentally we got a bang out of the Expo stoiy about the “sesquicentenial celebi'ation of the 150th anniversaiy” of something. Confucius must have had something to do with it because, by the wavy hairline of our slide rule, we get a grand total of some 22,600 years , . . Maybe the occasion fell on April 1 . . .
But back to the EE school . . . We hear by the grapevine, and it’s almost ripe, that one of the piofs is being measured for a straightjacket . . , He roared into class all fired up to put a circuit on the board. With a hunk of white chalk he whipped off the main schematic . . . For variety he grabbed up a piece of blue chalk and did a few lines . . . They all came out white. In desperation he clutched at a hunk of green chalk and made a few scratches . . . They all came out white. Madly dashing this piece against the radiator he switched to red . . . for variety . . . It wrote white.
Pursue Exponent
B. B. Indtiir W, B. Smith...
BEltor-la-CUtf . BlUfalMW lluwcw
D. O. Terrio/ editorba director: G. W. Frederick, maaaKins editor; & M. Aatonini, aenior adTertialar nutoacer; G. SchOlingr, oo-ed editor; B. Jenkins, sports editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Bntered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of Idareh S, 1870. and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1017, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 08.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Bepreaentatives, 420 Ma^on AVc, New York, N. T. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director. Night Editor, Smith Day Editor, McClintock Issue Editor, Streed Wednesday, April 24, 1940
Wild eyed with fright he looked pleadingly at the class for affirmation of the colors on the board. They were in hysterics.
Some day this week we are going to have to bi eak the news to the Expo linotyper that he can’t go out for Exponent. . . We sincexely tried to discover a way that he could write copy, edit it, run across the river and set it on the machine, read proof, and put the paper to bed. It would be nice if it would work . . . No election worries.
Trash! Invincible Phil Jordan, Theta Tan prexy, has finally succumbed to the wiles of a woman. He passed his pin out last week to the pretty girl in the ticket office, Margaret Breitmieser. And so . . . some more seegars are in order at the hogse! _B & B— There will be 20 free passes to the Mars theatre given away for the best essays turned in on the people you would like to see reduced to vest pocket size ala Dr. Cyclops (The picture of the same name appears here next Sunday at the Mars). Campus luminaries are suggested as good subjects. Th6 decisions of the judges, etc. Letters must be in the B & B box at the West desk of the Union before noon next Saturday and they should be signed in order to receive a prize. —B & B— The faculty committee (the boys that see everything is in proper order) formed a posse prom night and stomped through all the fraternity houses in search of law breakers. Of course, nothing was found wrong because the boys are too well bred, —or too smart!
A hutticene was raging on the Florida Keys. The ship Jubilee was in the grip of the deadly reefs. A whole town echoed to the cry, “Wreck a-sho-o-re' ’’ And aboard was one ma^n destined to play a strange part in the life of Loxi Claiborne ... Here is a novel seething with drama and danger and the romance of Loxi, whose flashing charm brought to her feet two men from opposite ends of the world. First of six installments this week.
central figure Z fu-
InJs ^THiLMA smmsit^mrn
I SAW POUND PLUNDERED. Families snatched from, their beds in the dead of night. Driven off without their belongings. Herded into freight cars, concentration camps... A Polish high official describes the greatest human upheaval in history, the deportation of more than 1,200,000 men, women and children to give the Nazis lebensraum, “room to live.” Read Woe to the Vanquished, by Stefan De Ropp.
WHAT DOES A PRIZE FIGHTER THINK ABOUT? “I never kissed a pretty girl until I was thirty-two. Wonder what Margie sees in me. Margie won’t be at the flght tonight. But Joe—the Brown Bomber —is here. Stabbing me with that left. Getting my brains messed up”.. .A drama of a fighter’s thoughts in the sweat of battle. Hello, Joe,” by William Fay.
ALEXANDER BOtTS JOINS THE LIARS CLUB. When Botts modestly reported he had rescued an Earthworm Tractor that had fallen into the Grand Canyon—in the dark of night, single-handed—w-e-1-1, the President wanted more explanation... Read Grand Canyon Brain Storm, by William Hazlett Upson. On page 14 of your Post today. HDW THEY ARE LICKING UNEMPLDYMENT. Here’s Yankee ingenuity' Jobs for 4,000 unemployed produced in one town of only 50,000. In another, WPA rolls cut nearly in half! Read the reports of this spreading movement in... They Build Men Into Jobs, by Stanley High. LA. R. WYLIE... brings you the story of a family that tried to live on hate in “Land’s Sake.” Also a new yarn by M. G. Chute, Pony-Express Bo?/.,.Last chapters in l^hilip Wylie’s Hollywood noyel. Salt Water Daffy... Short stories, articles, editorials, cartoons, poems and Post Scripts. All in this week’s Saturday Evening Post—now on sale.
Our old friend, George Hall, has been signed to play for the DePauw Prom in May. Looks like George is making a survey of all Indiana Schools; and, of course, there’s nothing like having Hall play for 7,000 Boilermakers and then whipping down to D.P.U. with all of 1,600 students. He’s got a great band, though! —B & B— It can’t happen here, but it did. Big hearted Johnny Font, Theta Xi, turned over his Prom bid, orchids, and DATE, Bonnie Swope, Chi O cutie, to a willing fraternity bro, Bill Kane. Why? Johnny, ’tis said, was down with the flu. Hm. Hm. —B & B— TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN: (Chain letter). This chain was started in Reno in the hope of bringing happiness to all tired business men. Unlike most chains, this one does not cost any money. Simply send a copy of this letter to five male friends. Then bundle up your girl friend and send her to the fellow whose name heads the list. When your name works to the top, you will receive fifteen thousand, one hundred and seventy-six gor-
Dr. £. L. Butz ... of the farm management department visited the ‘ University of Arkansas chapter bi Alpha Gamma Rho, social fraternity, yesterday. He inspected this chapter in his capacity as member of the national council of Alpha Gamma Rho. geous girls. HAVE FAITH. DO NOT BREAK THE CHAIN. One man broke the chain and got his girl friend back! , —B & B— Pins fly to and fro. Did “Sweethearts” cause Hank Amt, Pi Kappa Alpha'^thespian, to change his mind about Eileen Westover, Pi Beta Phi, and take his pin back? Another Pi Kappa Alpha brother, Benny Burns, deserves notice under pin topics, putting his on Jo Fleager. Rumor has it that his brothers’ singing the Theta song affects him at mealtime. Fletcher, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, rallied long enough from his habitual daze to shove off his on Hickson. V. D. Hobbs, Alphi Chi Rho, now has his pin on Lois Voelkel. Alpha Xi Omega, according to the latest report.
$29.50 buys it' . . . Pocket' money runs it Home movies—exciting, thrilling for everyone Lifelike records of the places you've visited, things you've done They're soleasy to make with Cine-Kodak Eight, and so economicalVOnly $29 50 buys the "Eight" . . and less than 1 Oc a "shot" runs it. Make 20 to 30 scenes on a roll of film costing $2 25 m black-and-white, finished, ready to show And for just a few cents more a scene, full-color Kodachrome movies Let us show you the Eight and the splendid movies it makes. DECKER’S
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
the Purdue Exponent Service Directtey
• School Suppliot
^^rrofesiionel
"DEAC* Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK OR. LI/THER A. RWK DR. HAROLD J. RISK ■tth fr Main PHene 570!
e Dine
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUAUTY MILK Phone 46214
e Locksmith
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-n N. 5th St. Phone 2828
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Jewelers
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
Hays Jewelry Company ^ East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
1
aamm