li
Purdue ^ Exponent
Volume 5L No. 103
Wednesclay, Febnioiy' 7, 1940
Exponent Managing Editor Issues Call For All Freshmen Interested In Working On Editorial, Co-ed, Sports, 0r Business Staff Members of all Exponent staffs, business, sports, co-ed, and editorial, will meet treshmen interested ip work on the University daily, this Saturday afternoon in the new Exponent offices in the Union Building.
The call-outs will begin at one o’clock, when a general meeting of the sports, co-ed, and editorials staffs will be held. At two o’clock, business staff officers will be in the same office to meet freshmen interested in their staff. Descriptions of the work done by kll members of the^ various staffs will be given by juniors and seniors now "forking on those staffs. Wor]^ for the freshmen who sign up will begin within the following week—and will consist mainly of instruction and practice the first few periods. No special ability is required for Exponent work. The main qualifications are, for editorial work, a good khowledge of English, a ready sense of humor, and reliability. For the business staff, one should have a pleasant personality and a sense of organization. Experience gained from other journalistic or managerial positions, while welcome, is not necessary. Preview Low-cost Recordings Tonight \ At 7:30 this evening, all students, faculty members, and townspeople interested in the Jow-cost records being distributed as part of the state-wide music appreciation program will have an opportunity to hear these recoids played in the music room of the Union. The program, under the joint sponswsbip of the Upion Mpsic Romp and the Musip Committee of the University Club, will consist of severp^ selections from the 10 symphonies of the list. The sPtne yeccords ,are being played that are available through the Indianapolis brapeh of the natiopal oyganizatiop fpr the promotion of music appreciation. Institute Plans Traffic School Here, March 4-9 Traffic officers will hold a training school at the University March 4 to 9 for a group of 40 men selected from police officials and officers in cities that have approximately 30,000 population. J. T. Lingo, direfetor of the Purdue Public Safety Institute, announced that the Indiana State Police, International Association of Chiefs of Police, and the National Safety Council will all cooperate on the course. Problems involving efficiency and effectiveness of traffic enforcement, records, and procedures will be discussed during the training progiam. Dr. R. A. Sawyer Will Speak At AChS Monthly Meeting Dr. R. A. Sawyer, professor of Physics at the University of Michigan will speak tomorrow night at the monthly meeting of the American Chemical Society on the subject “Spectro-Chemical Analysis of Iron and Steel.” The meeting which will begin at 7:30 p. m., in the lee* ture reom of Stanley Coulter Hall, will be preceded by a dinner in the Union. Those in charge expressed their desire that all interested persons; particularly those in the engineering 3c]^ools, both students and staff meinber^, attend the meeting.
C. i. Zufall
... of the Pharmacy department will speak to naembers of the Entomologjr Society on the growing and preparation of pyrethrum as an insecticide. The meeting will be tonight at 7:30 o’clock in Room 103 of Agriculture Hall. Anyone who is interested is invited to attend.
Student Used Book Exchange Closes
As the second semester book exchange closed its doors last night and statistics were compiled, it was found that approximately $3,200 had been rung up on the cash register. Nearly 2,000 books had been sold over the counters. Of the amount taken in, $400 has not yet been called for by students holding receipts. If the students are to receive their money they must present these slips between 4 and 5 p. m. today at exchange headquarters in the sub-basement of the Unipn. Unsold books should also be cabled for at this time. ' Officially the exchange is closed and no more books will be sold. In a statement made last night, Vince Hruby, Union executive in charge, said that one extra day was being allowed those who had not collected their money or returned for unsold books. Baptist Church Offers Youth, Marriage Talks Opening with a talk on “The Wedding Ceremony” by Rev. J. B. Gleason, a series of informal lectures on youth and marriage problems will begin in the West Lafayette Baptist Church on Sunday, February 11, at 6:30 p. m. The lectures are open to all those interested. The second talk, scheduled for the following Sunday, will be a discussion of “The Marriage Laws of Indiana” with Judge Parkinson presiding. One week later. Rev. Gleason will cdnclude the series with a lecture on “Reasons for Successful Marriages.” The series is being sponsored by the Roger Williams Club.
Discussion Groups Enter Second Round Tomorrow 9t7:30p.ni. All Campus Discussions will enter their second round tomorrow evening at 7:30. The contest, which started out with 180 men and women, has now been narrowed down to 61. Basis for elimination was the second discussion of the first round. First place for fraternities is tied for by Delta Tau Delta, Sigma Alpha Mu, and Phi Kappa. The three top sororities are Pi Beta Phi, Kappa Alpha Theta, Kappa Kappa Gamma. Discussion in the contest has been on “Propaganda.” A number of definite conclusions have been drawn from the arguments. Among these is that there is both good and bad propaganda. Governmental control and education were offered at various times as solutions of the problem.
Ends This Afternoon
Conners'Conference Indianapolis Symphony
Plays Before Full House; Fabien Sevitsky Directs
Going into the second and final day of their thirteenth annual conference, Indiana canners, fieldmen, and farmers will convene this morning at 9:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union. ' The program for this morning wijl consist of a talk on direct seeding and fertilization by E. R, Lancashire and Roscoe Fraser, a lecture entitled “Rebuilding oiur Depleted Soils” by G. D. Scarseth, and talk on “The Challenge to Equality” by
F. C. Gaylord.
The afternoon session, to be followed by a general discussion of pertinent topics, will begin at 1:30. Laurenz Greene will tell “How Plants Grow,” J. D. Wilson of Ohio State will describe the results of leaf defoliation experiments at Ohio, and R. W. Samson will deliver a lecture entitled “Shall We Spray in Indiana.”
Frosh To See 'Purdue In Action' At Activities Mass Meeting
“Purdue in Action” is the name of the moving picture to be shown in Fowler Hall at 4 p. m. on Friday, February 9, at the freshman mass meeting sponsored by the Activities Bureau. Action shots will be shown of many minor sports such as swimming, fencing, and boxing. Special interest will be fast-moving scenes from the Aquacade and some exclusive pictures of the Debris beau-
ty contest.
This will be the first public showing of these pictures, which were taken by the movie staff of the Activities Bureau together with Professor W. A. Knapp. Movies have also been taken of campus dances and of typical days in the Grill. The plan is to acquaint freshmen with special events on the campus. In addition to the pictures. Professor J. E. Walters of the personnel department and Althea Jorgeson of the Activities Bureauwill give the
personnel and student viewpoints of the advantages of activities. This meeting is the climax of this year’s work of the Activities Bureaq, which has called small meetings tb introduce different activities to students and has conducted interviews with freshmen since the beginning of the year. Their aim is to suit the activity to the student. However, all freshmen are asked to come even if they are not planning to enter an activity. This meeting will enable them to become better acquainted with the campus in general and with activities in particu-
lar.
The freshman mass meeting just precedes the call-out for freshmen in all activities. Mimeographed lists will be handechout to all present at the meeting. These lists will tell the dates of the call-outs of all major activities.
More than 2,000 persons attended the concert given last night in the Memorial Gymnasium by the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra. Standing room only was available as early as 7:40 although the concert did not begin until 8:00. After 7:50 no more were admitted because of the crowded conditions. progTam fOr the evening con-
sisted of:
Overture to “Benevnuto Cellini,” Opus 23—^Berlioz Fifth Ssnnphony, in C Minor, Opus 67—Beethoven N octumes—DeBussy Scherzo—McCollin Overture Fantasia, “Romeo and J uliet”—Tschaikowsky Fabian Sevitsky, music director and conductor of the symphony, is considered by music authorities to be one of the outstanding conductors in the country. He was bom in Russia and was educated at the Imperial Conservatory of Music. He was graduated magna cum laude from that institution and was the first student of the conservatory to win the coveted gold medal for double bass. After graduation he studied under some of the most distinguished musicians in Russia. After serving in the imperial army during the World War, Sevitsky came to America in 1923 and made a tour as bass soloist. In 1925 he organized as its conductor the first permanent string orchestra in the world: the Philadelphia Chamber String Simfonietta. Following the organization of this group, Sevitsky continued in the conducting field imtil present. The Indianapolis Symphony is recognized among musical experts as one of the best young ssrmphonies in the country. Each time it has played at the University it has been received with enthusiasm. Last night was no exception.
Fabien Sevitzky
AKL
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: Rodney‘^Ormiston, president; Robert Lyons, vice-president; Robert Duncan, recording secretary; Fred Elley, corresponding secretary; and Maurice Robertson, steward.
Glee Club Tryouts Casting Begins Tomorrow
Tryouts for the Wesley Players’ production “Martyr’s Return” will be held Thursday, February 8, at 4 p. m. and 7 p. m. at the Wesley
Foundation house.
“Martyr’s Return” is a one act ^rama which was written especially for the natioilal society of Wesley Players. Eight men and eight women are needed for the cast. Anyone interested in the production may apply for a position on the cast. The play will be directed by Kenneth Broome, and Richard Witz IS in charge of the production.
To Begin Friday Tryouts for those wha would be
interested in the Purdue Glee Club and the Choirs will be held Friday afternoon at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall according to an announcement
leceived from the music office. Any students who are scholastic-
ally eligible and who are interested in participating in the activities of the University musical organization are requested to come to the musjc offices Friday afternoon. Those who have music of their own, and wish to bring it are urged to do
so.
Sororities Continue Informal Rush; Five Groups Pledge Nine Activities of second semester rush are well under way according to reports from the eight national sororities on the campus. The informal period of rush which opened last Sunday at noon will close at
midnight Saturday.
Sororities have entertained rushees at dinners, luncheons, slumber parties, and miscellaneous informal affairs. The Alpha Chis gave an Italian dinner in their recreation room last night and are planning a Valentine dinner for this evening. Themes for the Alpha Xi’s parties during the week have been Valentine’s Day and George Washington’s Birthday. Thetas, Phi Mus, and the Delta Gamma Colony are planning informal functions at their
respective houses.
Reported plqdgings so far include: Alpha Chi Omega, Mardelle Edwards, Florence, 111.; Betty Briscoe, Westfield, 111.; Mary Jane Burton, Bridgeport; Phi Mu, Lenore Hofer, Fort Wayne; Virginia Stech, Huntington; Kappa Alpha Theta, Marilyn Fileld, Crown Point; Jean Miller, South Bend. Chi Omega, Mary Helen Boyd, West Lafayette; June Branner, Lafayette.
Job Seekers Hear Walters^ Houghton^ Tell How
By R. B. Squires “The senior who gets the most offers of employn\ent this spring will be the one who uses the most initiative and indqstriousness in getting a job.” Professor J. E. Walters told the group of seniors which filled EE 129 yesterday, he and Miss Ruth Houghton, of the Women’s Placement Service, gave the first lectures in the contemporary senior employment series. Men and women who want to get jobs should try to has as many interviews as possible, be pointed out, explaining that until one has received at least two offers he has no choice. Professor Walters recommended that as “step nuipber one in getting , a job” the stqdent should make a list of all the copipanies who offer the type of work desired, l^elp in making this list might be obtained from the head of the school in which the student is registered, from reference books such as hjloody’s and Thomas’ Register, and from current technical periodicals. At the present time, Walters
stated, the Personnel Service has reference books on hand which contain a list of 2,300 companies. From these, the Service has prepared a list of 443 of the most active employers. Professor Walters emphasized, however, that the senior should not depend entirely on the Personnel Service to get him his job. Because of the large number of students in comparison to th® companies who visit the University in search of men or wonren for employment, each senior cannot have more than about five campus interviews. As each person should have at least six or eight, the student hiuiself should he responsible for arranging outside contacts. Many contacts for employment may be made in the home town, the Professor suggested. Information on prospects may be obtained from the local better business bureaus, banks, chambers of commerce, and telephone directories. Upon completing a list of possible emplpyers, the student should contact them either by mail or in-
terview. If possible, both methods should be used. A survey has shown that employers prefer a short letter enclosed with a printed personnel blank to any other variety of application letter. When possible, a letter or a phone call preced all interviews. But, Professor Walters emphasized, the most important thing is to begin now td make as many contacts as possible and to back these up with initiative. Following Professor Walters’ talk, Miss Ruth Houghton addressed the group to “show that the woman gets the last word” and to bring out job techniques that might apply to co-eds in the audience. Miss Houghton stated that seniors should not show any uncertainty of interest or choice of occupation while being interviewed for a job. If they are in doubt as to the type of work in whicKthey are most interested, she recommended that they pick the one that seems best at the time and enthusiastically point out to the conferrer just why they like that job and why they would do well at it. Miss Houghton
approved the use of “pull” to get a job if the person has the ability to make good after employment, and mentioned that the best time to write a letter of application was about three weeks before a cheduled interview. Because companies in distant cities do liot usually encourage trips made especially to interview them, it is more effective for seniors to state that they will be in the vicinity at a certain time and would like an interview. Miss Houghton closed her talk by advising that, in approaching a prospective employer, it is important to adapt th^ type of approach to the type of company and individual, For instance an unusual approach would impress an advertising agent favorably, but might cause an unfavorable reaction on the more conservative bqnker. The second lecture in this series will be held Tuesday, February 13, when Doctor Lillian M. Gilbreth, professor of management, will discuss “What An Employer Looks for in a College Graduate.”
Intramural Gagers Play Semifinals At Fieldhouse Tonight Highlighting today’s intramural sports schedule are the semi-finals in ward and fraternity “A” league basketball. Several of the teams to compete in these matches are imdefeated and untied and should certainly be congratulated. In the Cary Hall league the Terry House boys of ward 10 are again on the top of the list. Ward 10 won won the’ Cary Hall touch-fodtball tourney last fall and is now going to attempt to walk away with the championship title in “A” basketball. Cary Hall with an undefeated team will do all it can to prevent this however. Two semi-final games are to be played in Inter-fraternity basketball. Pi Kappa Alpha and Alpha Gamma Rho, neither of whom has suffered defeat, will fight for a chance to play the winner in a game between Sigpna Pi and Phi Gamma Delta for a final victory in the tourney. Wards 21 and 24 will battle for an opportunity to enter the finals. The team successful in this battle is to get a chance to try its ability against the Ward 6 boys in a contest to determine spperi^iity in ward basketball. Thrasher ToPlay At Saturday Mixer Doc Thrasher and his orchestra, from the Indiana University cam|^> us,r will ^lay for the mixer tnrday, F^ruary 10. Doc ThrasW’s name has become familiar on campus as he has played for several occasions previously. As usual dancing will be from nine to twelve and tickets will be sold at the entrance to the ballroom for one dollar per couple.-rs; V' -
‘ If f , ^-s f* I
'! s TTJ' ^ ^ ' i-4
/
! •' -I II ^ S .' « ■" ,? ‘"j ^
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday# February 7# 1940
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichfy
Footlights footnotes
By Chuck Hart Laboratory Group has gone highhat theatrically. The Group 'will present an anthology-t3^e program for its invitational audience on February 16. . . . Starting with a scene from what is accepted as being the first English play, “The Wakefield Nativity,” scenes from five other of the all-time classics in English drama "will be presented. A full act of “Lady Windermere’s Fan” will bring the program to a close . . . Lab Group will present the plays in the spirit of the period in which they were written ... it sounds interesting and should prove entertaining . . . F & F Katherine Cornell, immediately after her early stock company days, ■was playing the part of Diane in “Seventh Heaven.” In the third act, Miss Cornell was supposed to rush to the ■window, throw it open, and start to jump out. It "was the duty of M. Boul, the taxi driver, to rush forward and stop her. Instead, he stepped in front of her to the -window and, -with a flourish, flipped the latch and howed in the grand manner . . . from this point on (after the audience subsided), the action proceeded as originally planned ... a-wfully hard—^jumping from locked -windows . . . F & F Speaking of “Seventh Heaven,” we understand that John Dietrich, who is directing the Playshop production of that romantic melodrama, is going to have actors popping out of sewer holes every now and then during the show. We weren’t aware of any sewers opening on the floor of the Fowler Hall stage, but then we remember that we couldn’t imagine how Mr. Dietrich was going to make Count Dracula disappear before our eyes during the run of “Dracula” last year — but he did ... So we’re prepared for anything . . . F&F “My Heart’s In the Highlands” is the Bums-like title of a new play to be found in the Browsing Room. It is one of the most be-wildering plays that Broadway has seen . . . at least the critics say so. One critic said Robert Saroyan, the author, was the Salvadore Dali of the theatre. The play tells the simple story of a starvmg poet and his profane, but lovable son. They befriend a wandering Shakespearian actor who dotes his most convincing performance on his death bed ... We especially enjoyed the.technique of the youngster in getting food “on time” from a nearby grocer . . . read it—if you like a laugh — and a tear as well?
3reek Pingpongers Open Tourney Today Greek ping pong experts -will congregate at the Fieldhouse this afternoon at four for the beginning matches in the annual Inter-Fra-temity ping-pong doubles tourney. The matches are to be strictly according to the theory of sur-vival of the fittest since each house’s two man team is allowed only one defeat. Thirty teams have signed up -with the intramural sports office and before the tourney is over, the Fieldhouse should have wittnessed some very polished ping-ponging. All teams entered are to be present at the Fieldhouse at four since matches are to be arranged at this time.
H. B. Steeg, CE '24 . . . city engineer of Indianapolis, has been elected vice-president of the municipal di-vision of the American Road Builders’ Association. Steeg is now a consulting engineer in Indianapolis. Consumer Education .. . will be the topic of Mrs. J. K. Johnson at the meeting of Omicron Nu scheduled for tomorrow afternoon at 4 in room 107 of the Home Economics Building.
“I think you’re getting gypped on that hand lotion, Mayour hands ain’t any softer than before.”
Personnel Notes
COMPANY: General Electric Company, Schenectady, New York. REPRESENTATIVES: Messrs. P. Y. Tumy, Alan Howard, C. C. Adams and M. Q. Allen. VISITING PURDUE: Thursday, Friday and Saturday, February 8, 9, and 10. INTERVIEWING: Mechanical and Electrical Engineering seniors interested in employment with the General Electric Company. Those who have not already scheduled interviews through the main office of their school should apply at the Personnel Service.
COMPANY: Standard Oil Company of Louisiana, Manufacturing Department, Baton Rouge, Louisiana. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. H. G. Mangelsdorf. VISITING PURDUE: Wednesday, February 7. INTERVIEWING: Chemical, Mechanical and Electrical engineering seniors, graduate students and undergraduates for refinery operations. Mr. Mangelsdorf is interested in high ranking seniors and -will give preference to Chemical engineers. His company also employs juniors and graduates in Chemical Engineering for summer work.
COMPANY: Simmons Company, Kenosha, Wisconsin, manufacturers of beds, springs, and metal furniture. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. L. L. Partridge, Assistant to the General Manager, will -visit Purdue soon to inter-view engineering seniors for work in the company’s engineering and development department. Those interested please sign up in the main office of their school. COMPANY: Commonwealth Edison Company, 72 West Adams Street, Chicago, Illinois. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. M. J. Maiers, of the Training Di-vision. VISITING PURDUE: Tuesday and Wednesday, February 6th and 7th. INTERVIEWING: S e n i o r s in electrical , mechanical, and public service engineering. Graduates employed by this company will enter a training program leading to engineering, operation, design, sales, commercial work, maintenance or construction. The training course will last one year, consisting of departmental assignments and some classroom work. Copies of bulletins describing the training program and the company may be found in the main offices of the schools listed. Those interested in employment -with this public utility should sign up. All signers must then fill out a company application blank in the Personnel Office before January 24.
ORGANIZATION: Graduate School of the Chrysler Institute of Engineering, Chrysler Corporation, Detroit, Michigan, manufacturers of automobiles. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. A. C. Staley, Dean of the school.
« «
l-M Schedules
Court 1: N. HjU 7:00—Kappa Sigma vs Phi Kappa Tau 7116—-Ward 22 vs Ward 10 8:00—Tau Epsilon Phi vs Theta Tau Court 2: M. Aronson 7:00—Ward 42 vs Ward 2 Court 8. H. Goldstein ’ 7:00—WarS 11 vs Ward 18 7:16—^Ward 22 vs Ward 26 8 00—Ward 8 vs Ward 89 Court 4: F. A. Smithson - F. G. Witsman Finals (A) 7:00—Cary Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 9 Finals (A) 7:16—Pi Kappa Alpha vs Alpha Gamma Bho Finals (A) 8:00—Ward 24 vs Ward 21 Finals (A) 8:16)—Sigma Pi vs Phi Gamma Delta
Wesley Players: Tryouts for “Martyr's Return” will be held Thursday, February 8, at 4 p m. and 7 p. m. at the Wesley Foundation house. —BROOME. Entomology Society: There is a meeting Thursday, February 8, at 7:80 in Room 108 of Agriculture Hall. Members are requested to be present. WS6A Executive Board: Meeting Thursday, February 7, at 7:46 p. m, in the WS GA office. —SICKMAN,
WAA Class -Volleyball: Practices Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, February 7, 8, 9, at * *’■ —MBBMELSTEIN.
Union Sophomores: The Browsing room staff will please meet in the new Union office. Those expected are Keefer, Graf, Peterson, Kirkpatrick, Murphy, and Adkins. —HAMMAN.
Riding Club: Important meeting Thursday, February 8, in the room next to the new Senate office —HARTMAN,
Union Sophomores: New committees have been assigned and are effective this week. —BRUBECK.
Notices
No Boticoa will bo acceptod mttmt $ p. m. Fraternity Presidents: Blease send a replica of your badges to the -Union office on or before Wednesday, February 7, for decorations for Interfraternity Ball. —VIEHE.
Dance Class: Those who wish to register for the second semester P I.A. dance class contact me at the P.I.A. office any evening from 4 to 6 p. m. including Friday. The opening date of the class will be announced later. _ —LUTZ.
Alpha Zeta: Special meeting in room A of the Union Wednesday, February 7, at 7 p. m. —DeLaCROIX.
Catalyst Club: Pledging will be held at the Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering building, room 802, at 7:30 p. m. Wednesday, February 7. The meeting -will be short. Please be prompt. —OMOHUNDBO
Modem Dance Clubs—Junior and Senior dance clubs meet Thursday, February 8, at 4 p. m. for an important business meeting If you have not paid your recital fee of $ 60, please brin-g it to the meeting. —KNIGHT.
Ceres: Regular meeting will be held on Thursday night, February 8, at 7:00 P. M. in the Old Agriculturist Office, Union Building We have speaker. —BRUNK A.S.M.E.: All members who have not received their cards and emblems may call for them Thursday, Saturday or Tuesday in Prof Copes office (ME 112) between the hours of 10 and 11. —KING. Ag. Chem. Club; Meet in the Union lobby, Thursday, February 8, at 8:80 for important discussion and Debris picture. —HARPER.
Eta Kappa Nu: Debris picture is scheduled 'for 9:20 p. m. Thursday, February 8. Meet in the Union lobby. •• —KEEN Glider Club: There will be a closed meeting Thursday, February 7, in room B of the Union at 7:16 p m. —MILLER
Radio Club: There will be a meeting Tuesday, February 6, at 7:80 p. m. in room 264 of the EE building. G. K. Miller will be the speaker. Everyone is welcome. —PITCHER.
Male Home Ecs; All male members of the Home School will have a meeting -Wednesday, February 8, at 7:80 in room 328 in the Union —HA-WES.
Classified Ads
Fraternity Presidents' Council: Regular meeting will be held at 6 p. m., Thursday, February 8, at the Delta Tau Delta house. —CATTERALL.
Student Senate: Meeting of Lost and Found Committee at 4:00 p. m. in Senate office Wednesday, February 7. —STEWART
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—^Typewriters. All Bukes, standurd and portable, sold, parehased, i
, rent-
ed aaid repaired. New portable machines as low as 188.76. Supplies. C. F. Hibeishoff,
•06 Main street FOR RENT
Tau Beta Pi: Short but important meeting will be held at 7:80 p. m., Wednesday, February 7, in the former Agriculturist office in the -Union. , —CATTERALL.
Omicron Nu: Meeting in HE107 on Thursday, February 8, at 4 p. m. Mrs. J. K. Johnson will discusses her thesis on consumer education. —HOBWITZ
FOB RENT—Single room. 122 Pierce entrance. 86271.
Hanya Holm and her modern dance company wfl,! present a serier of dances portraying the different phases of modern dance at the program to he given in Fowler Hall February 14. W. A. A., the Modem Dance Club, and the Women’s Physical Education Department are sponsoring this program. Co-eds -will be admitted upon presentation of their passports. Townspeople may purchase tickets at the Memorial Gymnasium. —^waa— Volleyball practice for all girls interested in class tournaments -will be held today, tomorrow, and Friday at 4 in the Women’s Gym. To be eligible to play in competition a girl must have attended at least two practices. The -winning team -will receive the class cup at the winter sport banquet in March. —^waa— Tryouts for class riflery teams will be held Wednesday and Thursday, February 7 and 8 from 7 to 8:30 o’clock. A final team of 16 -will be chosen after further practice on Monday and Tuesday, Febluary 12 and 13.
VISITING PURDUE: Thursday and Friday, February 8th and 9th. INTERVIEWING: Mechanical and electrical engineering seniors for training with the Chrysler Corporation in engineering and other employment. Those in the automotive option -will be given first consideration. Second consideration will be given those in the aeronautical option. Other seniors should sign up in the main office of the electrical or mechanical engineering school. Those selected by the head of the schools will be called for interview. ORGANIZATION: Babson Institute, Babson Park, Massachusetts. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. F. C. Oakley, Secretary of Admissions, will -visit Purdue soon to interview seniors interested in business training after graduation in June. A prospectus of the Babson Institute IS available in the Personnel Office. Those interested in business training at the Babson Institute after graduation should make arrangements for an interview with Mr. Oakley at the Personnel Office.
Agricultural Education Society: Important meeting Wednesday, February 7, at 7:30 p. m in room 863 in the Union. Dr. Z. M. Smith will speak. Officers will be elected. Refreshments will be served. Keys will be selected. —BREWER.
Student Senate: Very important meeting of the handbook committee in the Senate office Thursday, February 8, at 4 p m. —WISE.
FOR RENT—One single room and one double room with twin beds. Roommate preferred. 482 N. Grant
FOR SALE—1929 Essex Coach — Two new rear tires — upholstering good. 029 North Fifth.
Exponent Staff: New schedules are now posted in the office. Check them at once. If for any reason you cannot work on the nights to which they have been assigned, see me at once. Will the following please put their schedules in my box as soon as possible: Stenzil, Bach, Silva, Novey, Pickerel, and MOSS. , —FilED
Glee Club: Turn in passports to the music office immediately (2-9) —COCHRUN. Scabbard and Blade: Official meeting Wednesday, February 7, in the Armory to select spring pledges. All fall pledges who have not filled out directory cards, do so before the meeting and turn the cards in to me so that your shingles may be made. —OLSON.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Wednesday, February 7, in room 806 of the Union at 7:30 p m. —McCAMMON
Weightlifting Club: Meeting Thursday, February 8, at 7 -30 p. m. in the basement of the fieldhouse Important. ^ —KABZNIA. Exponent Co-ed Staff: Permanent schedule for the second sanester is as follows: Monday—Kaplan, Beard, Stallings, Weiss Tuesday—Seiss, Funkhouser, Buckman Wednesday—Rose, Justin, McClintock Friday—Miller, Campbell Thursday—Irjvin, Bailey, Couter Saturday—Stiers, Baker, Barson The schedule for column assignments is posted in the Exponent office (2-9) —SCHILLING. Military Students: The following students appear before the Corps Area Honor Graduate Board at the times specified before the names on Thursday, February 8, at the Student Health Service. Contact the Adjudant’s o ce priot to 8 a m. Thursday for any changes Schedules are as follows • Sam Hebbler, Reiley, Laforce: 9 a. m. Nitsche, Hurst, Colby, 11 a m Hobbs, V D ; 1 p m. Cochrun, Perrin, Butteriield, 2pm Madden —WISELOGEL
409 LITTLETON—Beautifully furnished Rooms, shower and tile bath. Reasonably priced. 61001.
FOR RENT—One single room, one double. Modem. Reasonable. 422 N Salisbury.
ROOMMATE WANTED: Quiet room, downstairs. Stoker heat, close to Union. Rent reasonable, may work for part of rent Phone 2769
KAPPA KEY LOST Wednesday, January 31 If found please call Alice Reed, 4079. Reward
PLEASANT ROOM, FACULTY HOME, Hills and Dale’s Single, or share double Seniors, graduates, instructors Dial 2174
Gimlet: Please get your passports to me before Thursday, February 8. —^FRAZEE.
Chess Club: Regular meeting iff the Chess Club will be held on Wednesday, Febmary 7, at 7 00 p m in the ganae room —GOFF
Fraternity Presidents: Be able to report the number of tickets sold for the Ball at the meeting Thursday, February 8, at the Delta Tau Delta house —STAPLETON.
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting Thursday, February 8, at 8 p m, in the office Debris picture will be taken at 8.36. Be there. —COOLEY.
PHONES 6915—6914
(lONE WTHIHE WIND
BOX OFFICE OPEN DAILY 9:00 A. M. to 9:00 P. M. Night Shows—Reserved 1.10 Inel. Tax Sunday Mat.—Reserved 1.10 Inel. Tax Weekday Mat.—Not Res. 75e Inel. Tax STARTS SAT.# FEB. 17 LAFAYETTE
WAA Basketball: Practice at 4 o’clock Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, February 7, 8, 9, m the Women’s Gym. All girls interested in intramural competition are eligible Two practices are necessary for WAA points —BRITTON
lamem STARTS TOMORROW BUmtSS, STOCE^
LmiA TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
TWO FIRST RUN HITS
ALLAN JONES MARY MARTIN — IN —
LAST DAY—2 FEATURES BOB HOPE PAULETTE GODDARD — IN — The Cat and the Canary" — ALSO — JANE WITHERS in Chicken Wagon Family"
COMPANY: The Mojonnier Bros. Co., 4601 West Ohio Street, Chicago, Illinois, milk engineers, manufacturers of machinery for the food industry. CORRESPONDENT: Mr. Albert B. Mojonnier plans to employ several mechanical and electrical engineering graduates next June. He is looking for men in the upper third of their class to enter a training course preparing them for sales engineering and service work, A few graduates may be placed in engineering or manufacturing. Those interested please sign up in the main office of the mechanical or electrical engineering school.
<)'
* -*3"'““" f^ fttr^lfil^,’' .J9ttv'^v f- +‘'^.-u' ^»fVi' >^1 * t t'Hi X>- if ’i- >1 ^ *i< ^ ^ .i»f^ ^ ^ 4^(1 ^ H ^ ^ V- y
Wednesday, February 7, 1940
£xfwmjnL Spo^*i^ fiaqs.
Early Season's Scores Leave Saturday's Tussle A Toss-up
With Saturday night’s encounter against Indiana! headlining the Big Ten’s week-end hardwood activities, the eyes of the greater part of the middle west’s basketball fandom will be focused on the Hoosier Fieldhouse at Bloomington. They will be watching to see whether Purdue’s Gold and Black clad forces will emerge from the down-state tussle still in complete possession of the conference lead or sharing a large hunk of it with Indiana’s battling Hoosiers and possibly Michigan.
Matmen To Meet OhioStateTeam Here Saturday
As far as looking into the past records of the two teams is concerned, anyone trying to forecast the game would get nowhere fast. It can be shown one way that the Boilermakers will romp away with the afft^ir, and then looking ht another bit of comparative dope, Branch McCracken’s lads should win with little or no trouble.
The local followers are basing their hopes on the showings of the rival squads in the actual Big Ten competition that has taken place this year. In four games so far, the Riveter netmen figure to be positive winners, doping it out from the pair of mutual opponents that both have run up against. The Boilermakers defeated Minnesota by 16 points and yet the Gophers eked out a 2 point victory over the Hoosiers. Wisconsin succumbed to the conference leaders by a margin of 13 points and fell
Bloomingti^n. Against DePaul here m the Fieldhouse, the Boilermakers dropped a 37-26 encounter while Indiana ran away with the Blue Demons last week in Chicago by the score of 61-30. The onily favorable gleam of light for local fans in the' above, is that DePaul’s star forward, Lou Possner, only played 10 minutes of the Hoosier tilt. There is also the fact that Indiana was unbeaten in her eight non-conference games while the Boilermakers managed to take only six of their eight non-league tilts. If comparative scoring and defensive ability mean anything, the two teams are about even although the Riveters enjoy a slight advantage. The Hoosiers have scored 33 more points than their state rivals, but they have also allowed the opposition to drop in 37 more tallies than the Boilermaker’s opponents.
Fast moving action -will be assured Purdue athletic followers Saturday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Fieldhouse when Coach Clande Reeck’s rapidly developing Boilermaker mat squad tackles Ohio State’s veteran crew in the opening Big Ten encounter of the season which provides the lone home attraction of a busy week of competition for Old Gold and Black sports teams. '
Of course, you can't chew gum incessantly nor carry mouth wash in your hand bag. But, You can use PR.ICILLA PARKER, the breath correcting lipstick. Come in and see it.
LODDE’S lEWELERY STORE
Why Auction?
Just Advertise
in the
Purdue Exponent
Winter SportsTeams Face Big Week-End
FiveSquadsToCompetelnTen ■ Events During Five Day Period
Boilermaker Boxers Enter Third Round Golden Gloves Tonight
In view of the overflow crowd which witnessed the opening victory over Illinois Normal last Saturday night in the men’s gymnasium, the site of the Buckeye encounter has been shifted to the Fieldhouse where there will be ample accommodations for all spectators. Saturday afternoon’s clash with Ohio State will mark the first of three dual meets scheduled for the Boilermakers in four days, for next Monday they will take to the road for a return match with Illinois Normal and then proceed up to Madison, Wis., to meet the Badgers on Tuesday in the second Big Ten engagement of the season. Both Ohio State and Purdue are expected to have a number of ranking favorites in the Big Ten wrestling championships Which will be held here on March 8-9. Among the Boilermakers that Reeck is grooming for the stand against the favored Buckeyes are Casey Fredericks, Midwest A.A.U. 121 pound champion; Howard Timms, 128 pounds; Irving Linderman, 136 pounds; John Papurca, 146 pounds; Captain Norman Willey, 166 pounds; Howard Montgomery, 166 pounds; Charles Camperman and Morris Aronson, 176 pounds, and A1 Rossi, heavyweight.
Smilin’ Joe Benna’s lambasting ringmen are out for blood now, going into the third round of the fivenight Golden Gloves eliminations, and the boys are going over the river to the Lafayette armory tonight with a record of two second round knockouts and several impressive victories behind them, determined to knock any and all opposition all over the ring. Joe expects to send at least two or three of his scrappers up to Chicago for the championship fights, and the whole squad will be-in there pitching to prove him right. Little DeWitte Weewee, fighting at 139 poimds, is one of the most impressive members of the Boilermaker squad. He is^a hard-hitting, elusive boxer, and goes into tonight’s competition with an impressive record of two technical knockouts. Johnnie Threlfall, in his second year of Golden Gloves competition, should have no trouble in continuing to cash in on a hard-hitting right and an aggressive, rushing style. Bob Youkey is another headliner on the Boilermaker squad. Fighting at 149 pounds. Bob KO’d Jess Roush of Morrocco in the second round, during last Wednesday’s competition. 160 pound Johnnie Wilcox is another boy whose fighting spirit should carry him through to Chicago, according to Coach Benna. Johnnie won a hard fought battle over Tom McCall of Vicksburg in the last round in Lafayette. Jimmie Beers, 138 pound veteran, enters the squared circle tonight after having fought some mighty tough opposition to well-de-served victories. Jimmy is another Golden Gloves veteran, having won his jacket in last year’s competition.
Bursting full force on the combined Boilermaker winter sports squads after their enforced layoff, this week-end will feature ten athletic engagements in one of the busiest five day periods of the year: The Big T^n-pacing Boilermaker cagers will highlight the card with two games. Coach Hermon Phillips’ track squad which met Butler last night in the opening meet of the season, will compete again Saturday. ' Naturally the feature attraction
Track Squad Faces Complete Schedule
Going on from last night’s encounter with the Butler Bulldogs, Coach Herman Phillips’ Boilermaker track squad will face an attractive schedule of competition during the indoor and outdoor seasons, according to the complete card of dual and competitive meets announced recently by Noble Kizer. Among the home features of the schedule are a triangular meet with Northwestern and Iowa during the indoor season, a quadrangular meet with Chicago, Wisconsin and Northwestern dnring the outdoor season, and the Indiana State championships on June 1. The complete Boilermaker track schedule follows:
Feb. 10—^Wisconsin and Chicago at Madison. Feb. 17—Illinois Relays at Champaign. Feb. 24—Northwestern and Iowa, here. March 2—Indiana at Bloomington. March 9—Big Ten indoor meet at Chicago. March 16—Butler Relays at Indianapolis. March 23—Chicago Relays.
Outdoor • Michigan
State at
Several of the other members of the Purdue squad drew byes in the opening rounds of the tourney and will be fighting their initial battles, outside of the University eliminations. Among these boxers are Grab, at 174; J. Barlow, at 126; Mickey Nau, at 160; E. Miyamasu, at 128; Joe Faber, at 149; Bob Browar, at 147; Wally Bohun, at 118; and Jim Welch, heavyweight. Jim was a member of last year’s varsity grid squad and has been training hard for his boxing debut
over in Lafayette.
The boys are going into the ring tonight resplendent in new Gold and Black robes^ and with new gold-
striped, black trunks.
April 13 ■ Lansing.
April 20—^Wayne, here. April 26-27—Drake Relays at Des
Moines.
May 4—Chicago and Wisconsin,
here.
May 11—Illinois at Champaign. May 18—Marquette at Milwau-
kee.
May 24—Big Ten Outdoor meet at Chicago. June 1 — Indiana State meet,
here.
Intercollegiate
June 7—Central at Milwaukee.
June 17—Big Ten-Pacific Coast meet at Northwestern. June 22—NCAA meet at Minne-
apolis.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• ProfettioiMl
• School Suppllea
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A RISK DR. LUTHCR A RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• jewelen
• Dairy Produc^
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY _____ at Moderate Prices
-/T M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Locksmith
• Hardware
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPTS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE • 321 State St. Phone 4354
e Dine
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMRURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
of this four-star schedule will be Saturday’s cage encounter at Indiana. The Boilermakers will be risking their eight game ‘ victory, string and the undisputed Conference lead when they face the red hot Hoosier netters. In the second hardwood clash of the week-end, the Boilermakers will face Chicago’s Maroons at Chicago Monday night. Considerable interest is being focused on the opening Big Ten competition of the season for Coach Phillips’ track team which will meet Wisconsin and Chicago in a triangular relay meet at Madison on Saturday. Scoring in this meet will place a premium on all-around team strength in each event rather than individual brilliance. Coach Dick Papenguth’s swimmers have been scheduled for a double dose of action. The Riveter tankmen will be out for revenge when they swim against the Fort Wayne Y team Friday. The Y swimmers gave the Boilermaker squad their first defeat of the season. Then the Riveter splashers will journey on to East Lansing, Michigan, where they will face the Michigan State Spartans, Saturday. Completing this top-heavy schedule of Boilermaker sports events, the Riveter squash team will face the Evanston, Illinois, Y combination Saturday afternoon and the University of Chicago Club racqueteers Saturday night. With five teams competing in six evenrts, Saturday is by far the busiest day of 4:he week-end. 'Two squads will compete on Monday and one each on Friday and Tuesday.
CCC Cagers Meet In Fieldhouse Saturday
Hardwood squads representing the CCC camps in the Lebanon sector will play their championship tournament in the Fieldhouse this Saturday. Cage teams from the Valparaiso, Medaryville, Monon, Peru, Lebanon, Waveland, Turkey Run, and Lafayette camps will compete for title Jionors, with play for the first round scheduled to get under way at 8 o’clock in the morning. Because of this CCC tournament, the Purdue-Ohio State wrestling match has been set for 4:00 p. m. The members of the eight CCC teams will be the guests of the Boilermaker athletic department al the wrestling match which wiU start immediately following the second semi-final in the afternoon.
Pistol Team Shoots First Match Tonight
Pistol enthusiasts of the University ROTC unit will begin a season of pistol matches with various other ROTC teams throughout the country when they encounter Santa Clara tonight. Next week, the team will attempt to outshoot the University of Arkansas team. Members of the team are: AvgerBecker, Brummett, Enlow,
Faut, Graebner, Hilport, Kettemring, Knapp, Little, Madden, Powell, Raber, Suneson, Teeter. On the Freshman team are: Bray, Dodds, Elliott, Gebhart, Mingle, Onile, Rulli, Snyder, Wooley, Yoder, Armstrong.
WHY BE A MERE DANCER? Clothes Change—So Have Steps In Dancing, Mr. Allen Specializes in All Types of Dancing NEW ADVANCED CLASS OPENS THURS. FEB. 29lh
PHONE 2150 AUJRN^S 6tl> aadi Riqf
'ly
4‘ '' ’.'i; -I: :tr, \ir:^*;rf>'^-^^,-W'‘'S:T^':' ■'.
■.r
&-dP% '
THE PDBDUE EXFONEIiT
Wednesday, Februco^ 7, 1940
:ii' f\
$100 In Ca^
. . . would not be refused by any student in the University, book-loyer or not. This first prize and a second prize of $35 will be given this spring to the two seniors who, during their coul-se in the University, have formed the best collection of books in accordance with requirements for the Winterrowd Award. William Holland Winterrowd, ’07, awarded his first prize for book-collecting in 1935. Originally the award consisted of a single prize of $100, but a second prize of $35 was added in 1938. Mr. Winterrowd, vice-president of the 'Baldwin Locomotive Works and president of the Purdue Alumni Association, is himself a collector of rare books. A committee of the faculty is responsible for the details of the contest, and will select the best libraries by visiting the owners, inspecting their books, and conversing with the owners about them. Final decision will be announced at the annual Literary Banquet, and the winning collections will be exhibited in the University Library. Prizes such as these are certainly contributing to the spread of culture at Purdue, and in former years have been well distributed among the various schools of the University. Technical as well as non-technical books are consideredy and knowledge of his books as shown by a contestant is important. These are the requirements and factors used in judging the collections as outlined by the committee: (a) The size or cost of the collection is not so important as its quality and the familiarity of the owner with the ^contents of the books comprising it. (b) Well-edited books printed by responsible publishers are far more desirable than showy books made to sell rather than to be read. (c) The collection should reflect an intelligent knowledge of the books in the field of the owner’s personal and professional interests, whatever these interests may be: engineering, agriculture, one or more of the sciences, history, or perhaps a hobby. (d) In an informal discussion the owner shall show his acquaintance with the books in his library and his ability to tell why he has selected particular books or editions (e) A reasonably large proportion of these books must have be6n bought by the student himself. Prizes such as these which serve as an inspiration for students to build a worthwhile library, certainly should be well received by the student body. Each contestant must submit a list of the books in his collection to Prof. H. L. Creek, chairman of the committee, not later than. March 1. Application blanks may be obtained in room 108, University Hall.
Purdue Exponent
K. E. Iiisley Editor-iit-Chief
W. E. Smith Bub*"®??
D. G. Terrio Editorisil Nsnaiger G. W. Frederick Managihg Editor E. M. Antonini .. Senior AdTertising Manager G. Schilling ;.... Ej^r
R. Jenkins
Phones: Editorial 4006 Business 6038 ; Sports 2792
All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director. Entered as second class natter at pie poat oAaa la Lafayette. Indiana, undisr the act of Cdhgieaa bf Mkitili I. 1879, and at the spedai rate of postage proridad for la section 1108, act of October 8. 1917, anthoriaed Jannaty tO, 1922. Pnblished daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly daring the Snnuner Swion. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mafl suIh scription - $8.60. Represented for national advertising by National Bdvertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Day Editor, Carrol Ass’t. Night Editor, Smith Night Editor, Donahue Wednesday, February 7, 1940.
But
Incidentally
By Vladimir Today the column takes a bad turn. We are proud to present our acme of blank verse. A Shakespearian tidbit, written NOT by Francis Bacon, but by ourselves.
Pictui’e yourself in an eighteenth cdntdry drawing room. A fellow and a girl sit close together in the glow of a low fire. The boy asks a question. Then he answers it to himself and his beloved later, drifting into the realm of philosophy. This verse is his monologue.
“Tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow Creeps in this petting place from day to day. Were it no better that I lived here Than to rush with the tides hither and fro?
No! Far better off we be * Who love yet live not near. That space between should act as but a cupid, Making love more than love, And time less than time. That those as lovers should abide In quarters coupled close Is not as far from truth As the cricket chirping of happiness Neath the very blade of the mowman’s scythe.
What place could better be than this For such an art as that. Practiced in the dim by girl and boy; They in search of one eternal thing— The happiness or woe of wedded life.
So off! Rou petty harbingers of existence end. You fading gloamings of a faded light. We think no more of this tomorrow thing While nestled here for moments sweet and wild. Love and life must end, . But when the parting distance Is for an ipstant gone and heartbeats touch, Away with time!
It could not be that he Who so ordained that man should live Would make .the very essence in a soul To lose all thoughts of present.
Or could it?
Watch the column for the next in this series of Modern Literary Masterpieces!
Subscribe for The EXPONENT
POPULAR RELEASE No. 356
On Sale This Week
26468 I Dream of Jeanie with the Light Brown Hair—F. T. (V. R.) Old Folks at Home (Swanee River)—F. T. Larry Clinton and his Orchestra
26469 Thank Your Stars—F. T. (V. R.) Playmates—F. T. (V. R.) Hal Kemp and his Orchestra
26470 I've Got My Eyes on You —F. T. (V. R.)
I Concentrate on You —F. T. (V. R.) Tommy Dorsey and ‘his Orchestra
2647 T All the Things You Are It's a Blue World Kenny Baker, Tenor with Orchestra conducted by David Broekman
26472 Last Night's Gardenias —F. T. <V. R.)
Make Love with a Guitar —F. T. (V. R.) Swing and Sway with Sammy Kaye
The Foster Shop
AmtMft OwrieM RCA - VICTROLAS - VICtOR RECORDS last Sid« Squara
The Greatest Story of the Century
NOW 69cf
Special Movie Editions complete, unaltered text, illustrated with 14 fullpage "stills’* in beautiful technicolor, of
^argarei Mitchell's CONt WITH THE WIND
The novel that "in sheer readability is surpassed by nothing in American fiction” is now offered at only a fraction of the price paM for it by nearly 2,000,000 persons! Every adult member of your family will find in this gripping story, the reading thrill of « lifetime.
RESERVE YOUR COPY AT
DECKER’S
518-20 Main Street
Phone 6437
//
^(jun, attd.
Betty Williams and Bob McCaffrey, rumors say, are very much . . . . well, you decide. It seems that they are always seen sitting on the sofas in the Union building> her head on his shoulder, her eyes closed, and his arms held tightly around her. My, my, it sounds like a love story . . . —B&B— ... now that the addition is open^ there are plenty more places to do this daytime smootching. -^-B&B—
POME 0 Engineers, with hairy ears Designing dams and ditches. Controlling floods and Wowing suds, And never reaching riches When you want fun your tastes don’t run To graphs and mathematics, But to “The Pub” or “Clover Club” And ballroom acrobatics. You make surveys of water ways And plan for irrigation. But H20 to gin that’s sloe You add in moderation. With stress and strain you ascertain The ways to make frames rigid Then spend the night, till broad daylight In making dames less frigid. 0 Engineers have hairy ears 1 find them most endearing; But awfully odd, because by God, They don’t like engineering! ^—Swiped. —B & B— Here is a little something to cheer up those students who have all eight o’clocks: ODE TO AN ALARM CLOCK Stop your noise, you brazen babbler. Can’t you, for a moment pause? Give a fellow freedom from the Clangor of your jangling jaws! Words to suit my indignation I find difficult to name. I can’t believe you when you raise your Hands to hide your face in shame! Who enjoys your jibber jabber Fit to make an angel weep ? Let your tale come to an ending Please shut up and let me sleep! —Morpheus. —B & B— Novel contrib: Wonder if Bud Carlson, half-blind tennis player, passed any courses last semester becau^^e of mooning
Wednesday 1:00—Far': East Problem Mr. Gordon Enders llrfiO—^Purdup r^ewp 12:00—^Farpi Facts for Farm Pqlks 12:16—Sport Review 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time 12:46—Mopitor Views the News l:00-T-Religious News 1:16—Meditations Rev. Hubert Reynolds 1:30—Musical Review 1:46—Market RepoAs 2:00—^Afternoon Music 2:16—June Eller—pianist 2:30—The Bookman 2:46—Mrs. Irvan Jackson, soprano 3:00—Hpme Decorator 3:30—The Ether Editor 4: do—What Slums Cost You 4:16-r-Capapus Interviews 4:30—Wild Life 4:46—Story Book Hour.
By Georgaim Si^Uing
T.J. Kelly, Ell
... who spent several years with the Public Service Company of Northern Indiana, has recently been re-elected president , of the Fort Wayne Better'' Business Bureau.
over the Michigan Cherry Queen ? —Himself. —B&B— . . . and then there’s Milt Reis who eats breakfast food hoping it will make him dream “serial” stories. —B & B— Theta Tau juniors are now amply impressed by the sophs in the house. The traditional dedication of hickory paddles from the sophs to the juniors got a little out of hand when P. A. Ryan presented his paddle to junior Harry Weglinski with too much force. It hurt Harry’s pride and ruined the paddle. (It broke into three pieces, oww!) The reason might have been girl trouble—as usual . . .
We’4 like to go on record as saying that February is our very favorite month. Maybe it’s because of such patriotic things as Mr* Ripcoln’s apif l^r. Wpshingtpn’s bitthdays. Or peyfipps it’s the sweet sentimentality pf Valentine Day. It might even be the glamorous dances known as Miami T|:ia4, Interfraternity Ball, Women’s Pan Hellenic, or Scabbard and Blade. Come to think of it now isn’t February a pretty super time? ' H & H Once again we’ve been at it— reading the exchange papers. There really are any number of clever people in this old world. Take the gals at Rockford College for example. Their economics professor gave them some terms to define, and here are the results ... Fixed capital — stationary city where the governor lives. Cumulative stock — 1,000,000 guinea pigs. Elasticity of demand — woman's prerogative. Latent competition •— lying down on the job. H & H And oP to the University of Illinois where we find a few new items on the romance side . .. here goes quote (And if here isn’t our pal Confucius again with words of wisdom for today) — “In ancient days men were noted for the pets they bagged.” H & H
Also from the Illini—“If you love me like I love you then Shame on Us.” H & H Co-eds at the University of Kansas still prefer their men tall, dark, and handsome but they are not as particular as they used to be. That is at least the consensus as revealed by a poll of University women in which they were asked to describe their ideal man. Several of the girls said that looks were not of primary importance, and at least one co-ed said that a short fat man would do just so he was her man.
VALENTINE DAY February 14th Your Photograph By
HINEA'S
634 Main Street
Phone 7775
MOTHER TAKES A CHANCE OF A BAD COLD every time she does a washing these cold winter days! Why send yours home to her, when it is just as cheap to have us do it? Remember— she has to pay for supplies, PLUS the postage! Phone American Instead!
132 Vine St.
American Laundry
Phone 3085
c^ooL ^.^Lead to
Excited is the word for the way you'll feel after you've visited Loebs' Beauty Salon. All your natural loyeUness will be brought to life —you'll feel completely newl
i&MCNfCOMMMY Beauty Salon
Phone 7901