%
ri ^ |v it.k-
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
WEDNESDAY March 2, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 124
itate Florists Encamp On Campus Glover Explai ns Problems President Elliott Talks To
300 At Dad-Son Banquet President Edward C. Elliott coined a new word last night for the some 300 Purdue students and dads who attended the first annual Father-Son banquet in the Memorial Union ballroom. “Getco” was the word Principal Speaker Elliott contributed to the occasion, and for each letter he offered a meaning: germ cell, environment, training, chance, and opportunity—five fac-
tors which “make” the individual.
For Two-Day Session; Register At 9 Opening with a display of new floral creations in the lobby of the Union Building, the eleventh annual Indiana Florists’ Conference will get underway this morning with registration in the Union at 9 o’clock. The first session, an informal microscopic study of insects and diseases, will be in charge of Dr. C. T. Gregory, of the botany department, and Prof. J. J. Davis, head, of the entomology department. This morning’s session will be followed by a series of talks and lectures this afternoon
and tomorrow morning. Sevifzky To Conduct Symphony In Second Convo Appearance Fabian Sevitzky will conduct the
Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra for its second appearance of the season before a University audience, March 10, in the Memorial Gymnasium. The orchestra appeared here in January and played before a
packed Fieldhouse.
The return trip program will feature the new “Kilinnikow Symphony” in G Minor. The symphony was first played last January in
Indianapolis.
Other numbers on the program will include: Handel’s “Water Music,” Griffes’ “The Pleasure Dome of Kubla Khan,” Paganini-Molin-ari’s “Moto Perpetuo,” and RimskyKorsakov’s “Capriccio Espagnole.” University Heads Attend Meeting In Atlantic City Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the education and applied psychology department, is attending the National Convention of School Administrators in Atlantic City, N. J., this
week.
Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, Miss Helen Schleman, Dr. Harriett O’Shea, Miss Ruth Houghton, and Dr. J. E. Walters returned last Sunday from meetings of the American Council of Guidance and Personnel, also held in Atlantic City. 'Dean Stratton and Miss Schleman participated in activities of the National Association of Deans of Women; Dean Stratton was in charge of the meeting on “Sorority Problems.” American College Personnel Association meetings were attended by Dr. O’Shea, Dr. Walters, and Miss Houghton. Dr. O’Shea, who was foi'merly secretary of the Association, was elected treasurer for the coming year. Senators Decide On Early Election Date Following nominations April 19, Senate elections will be held April 26, Student Senators decided in their mefeting last night in the Union office. They also decided that the executive committee would meet two weeks before nominations to discuss work done by possible candidates. Elections are being held earlier this year so that the Senators will be in office long enough to prepare for the NSFA convention here in December. Among other things, the prevalence of student smoking at the entrances of the Physics and Recitation Buildings was discussed. Senate president Rohyans warned the students that it is in President Elliott’s power to rescind the smoking rule whenever he deems it pecessary. 1 In the near future, containers are to be placed on each side of the walks leading to campus buildings, Rohyans said.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Increasing cloudiness today, with light rain this afternoon or evening. Warmer in south portions. Tomorrow, cloudy and colder; Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 49; low, 26; mean, 37.
Hort Head To Preside
Dr. Laurenz Greene, head of the department of horticulture, will preside at the afternoon meetings in the Memorial Union Building. Leonard Vaughan, of Chicago will discuss recent tax legislation and its
-interpretation for florists.
Tomorrow morning’s session will be devoted to a study of the mixing and application of insecticides and fungicides, and will be held in the University greenhouse. Following this will be talks on floriculture research and “Growing Plants Without Soil.” James Sykora, of Chicago, will talk on marketing problems as tomorrow afternoon’s highlight, and Willard Crain, of Cincinnati will direct a floral demonstra-
tion.
Annual Musical The Floral Musical, tomorrow at 7:30 in the Union ballroom will climax the two-day’s activities. Over 60 persons are in the cast of this yearly spectacle, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, University music director. Army Air Corps Picks 24 Eds For Flying Instruction After examining approximately 40 applicants for flying cadet training, the Army Air Corps Board, upon completing the examinations late Sunday afternoon, had selected 24 candidates. Eight of these were accepted for enrollment in the course which began yesterday. These students will soon receive orders to proceed to Randolph Field at once. Following is the list of students who accepted for this class: , • J. Haller, H. Jeude, D. C. Law, A. R. Lindgren, R. W. Mino,' C. B. Stafford, H. L. Timms, and W. L.
Weller. Others
Sixteen others, listed below, were accepted for enrollment on July 1,
1938:
F. Bardone, Jr., C. E. Bassett, B. C. Cook, P. E. Dawson, P. S. Emrick, H. E. Grieger, J. E. Hammer, B. S. Markel, P. R. Marshall, R. L. Matthews, W. L. Molyneux, W. B. Reed, K. W. Sprankle, M. L. Swinehai’t, C. H. Terhune, and J. H. Williams. Physical Examination Captain W. F. Heine, flight surgeon who conducted the physical examination, stated that this is an exceptionally high percentage of acceptances. Usually one out of five pass the physical examination, but in this case, the average was better than one out of two. Colonel Wright stated that the board will proceed to the Chicago Municipal Airport, and later to the University of Michigan. Although they will not return here. Captain B. F. Hayford said that any student still interested in making application for flying cadet training may submit an application to his office at any time. Work Starts On New Food Plant Work has started on the new $20,000 frozen food locker plant in West Lafayette, it was announced yesterday. The building will be a onestory structure, 45 by 65 feet, with a 15-ton direct expansion ammonia cooling system. At present there are 2,500 of these locker plants in the United States, four being located in Indiana. The storage lockers will be maintained at 10 degrees above zero.
'Of Thee I Sing' Stage Boss Displays Maze Of Wires
by Jim McKee
So that we could get a better idea of how much work there was to putting up scenery for the all-campus musical, George Glover, production manager for “Of Thee I Sing,” led the way to the rafters above the stage of Fowler Hall, where he explained the wires, ropes, and pulleys. Thirty-five feet above the stage, lying on our stomachs, George explained the maze of
wires.
“Having plays here enables us to fly some of the scenery. Each piece of set has a wire to raise and lower it, and they’re all worked from up here.” Nowhere can you walk. The roof is too low or the ceiling too high. But this is not the top floor of
Fred Ahrens...
“Of Thee I Sing” ticket coupons have gone on sale at the west desk of the Union. These ticket coupons are to be exchanged later for reserved seats. Persons holding coupons will have a two-day advantage over others on reserved seats. Only 1,200 coupons will be on sale. operation. You climb through another hole in the wall, mount a plank ladder, and you are up next to the plaster paris art work of the Fowler Hall ceiling. Temporary Floor Through the temporary floor, the suspension wires run. By a series of pulleys the wires are diverted to the lower floor, where cranks and drums wind the wire. The sets that are to fill the massive stage are nearing completion in the Union sub-basement. A total of eight sets have to be completed by Friday night, when they will be set up and given their final lines. Glover says the prize sets will be those of the White House Blue Room, the Senate Chamber, and a hotel lobby. These sets are nearly complete. Drop Pillars From The Sky The large pillars of the hotel lobby are to be dropped from the sky as will the folding steps for the Capitol Building.
. . . will have His hands full in “Of Thee I sing” when he takes on the roll of Alexander Throttlebottom, vice-presidential candidate. Film actor Victor Moore, now in Hollywood, played the part on the New York stage. Ahrens portrays a meek, pushed around, “forgetting who he is” candidate. At the end he becomes the president through the impeachment of President Wintergreen, Sal Palma. Two years ago Ahrens played opposite Ruth Grimm in “Carmita.” Last year he played opposite Mary Ed Johnston in “Castles In the Air.” Climaxing his comedy part, Throttlebottom marries the French beauty Diana Devereaux.
Sasser Announces Prom Regulations With the issuing of Junior Prom regulations. Prom Chairman Bob Sasser announced last night that though it can not be determined definitely, the Prom will probably be held on April 22. He added that programs have already been selected, but that their nature will not be revealed. “The committee will do everything possible to announce the orchestra before permits must be paid for, but if not, money will be refunded to the student who wishes it, after the band has been announced,” Bob Ruth, committeeman in charge of Prom regulations, promised. He added that it will be impossible to obtain a ticket without a permit and that the permit must be payed for before March 23, as specified in the Prom regulations. — Regulations — 1. Juniors and seniors, as listed with the Registrar, will be the only undergraduate students eligible to purchase tickets. 2. Only 25 tickets will be allotted to members of the faculty. These tickets will be sold under the same regulations that apply to undergraduate students. 3. Announcement of ticket distribution will be made on or before March 25. 4. Permits will be distributed, from March 8 to 15. They will be issued daily from 4 until 5:30 p. m., except Saturday, when they will be issued from 1 until 5. The permits will be distributed in room D of the Union. 5. Applicants must bring their passports with them when they apply for permits. 6. If the application be approved, the permit must be taken to the cashier’s office wj^ere the applicant will sign it in the presence of the cashier, attesting that he will be the sole user of the ticket. The applicant must then pay the cashier four dollars, and he will receive a stamped receipt. This must be done before March 23. 7. Actual ticket distribution will begin on April 12, when tickets may be obtained from the cashier for the stamped re-
ceipts.
8. Any violations of these regulations will be reported to the executive department for disciplinary measures. 9. Passout checks of a non-transferable nature will be used. Pie Champ Comes Home Mary Wien Chats With First Lady, Buddy Rogers
By Joy Johnson
Oh, to be able to bake cherry pies! Dinner at the College Inn in Chicago with Buddy Rogers, an intimate talk with Mrs. Roosevelt, a trip through the White House, and
tel ‘College Inn.’ Buddy was a spe-
cial guest.
“You don’t look like a baker,” he told Mary. “Come out to Hollywood and bake sqme pies for us!’
l/lli. l/llC TT llAUV.- j *
ride in the cab of the “Capitol^i^Said Mary, “Buddy has a friendly
Limited,” a B&O locomotive. What experiences didn’t Mary Wien have as the best cherry pie baker in the United States! Buddy Rogers played two requests “Rosalie” and “Just Posin’,” for Mary at dinner in the Sherman Ho-
boyish smile, and he called me Mary.” Visits First Lady “Franklin is in Hyde Park hoping to be snowbound, so he won’t have to come down to Washington and go (Continued on page 3)
Singers, Fencers Perform Following the dinner. Musical Director Albert P. Stewart presented his men’s glee club in a half dozen popular numbers, and Fencing Coach R. V. Finney put on a demonstration of foils and saber bouts with four fencers on this year’s squad. President-elect Paul F. Royster of the Dads’ Association acted as the toastmaster and introduced several prominent visitors to the banquet, including Committee Members Senator Floyd Garrott, T. R. Johnston, Lynn Miller, Arthur McQueen, and Faculty Advisor Robert Phillips. In addition to the immediate community of Lafayette and West Lafayette, fathers came from Huntington, Indianapolis, Crawfordsville. Royal Center, Attica, Williamsport, and other cities to spend the evening with their sons. Engineers To Give Dinner For Dr. Aston In Union Tonight Dr. James Aston, consulting metallurgist for the A. M. Byers Company, who will speak here this evening on the wrought-iron manufacturing process to which he lends his name, will be a guest of honor at a dinner to be given at 5:45 p. m. today in the Union Building. George B. Coffey, also of the Byers Company, will attend. Dean A. A. Potter, heads of the schools of engineering, and student presidents of the four engineering societies which are sponsoring the dinner will join in honoring Dr. Aston. Other guests will include Prof. R. N. Shreve, honorary chairman, of the AIChE; Prof. J. D. Hoffman, of the ASME; Prof. C. A. Ellis, of the ASCE; and Prof. J. H. Bowman, of the AIEE. This evening, in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building at 7, Dr. Aston will give a lecture on the modern, high-speed process for making iron, and illustrate his talk with motion pictures made at the Byers Co. This lecture is open to the general public. Co-ed Groups To Maintain Booths At Penny Carnivai County fair will be the theme of the Penny Carnival, which will be held Friday, March 18, in the Women’s Gymnasium. All sororities, Triton, Orchesis, WAA, Sportswomen, PI A, Pedalion, Thaeles, and Phi Mu will have booths at the carnival. Chairmen of the committees that were named are:decorations, Janette Shaffer; booths, Emily Tubbs; wrap checking, Dora May Patterson; publicity, Mary Ellen Delaplane; tickets, Helen Beko; prizes and dancing, Marcia McKinsey; cleanup, Ruth Wiley; program, Margaret Richey; and food, Mabel Campbell. Prof, L, M, Sears , , , ... of the history, economics, and government department, will speak at the last Cadet Officers’ Luncheon of the year next Tuesday noon in the Memorial Union ballroom. Fred Baase will play a vibraphone solo. Junior military students may obtain tickets for the dinner from the members of the luncheon committee, Harvey Behrends, chairman. Three University Golden Glovers Lose Decisions Three of Purdue’s representatives in the Tribune Golden Gloves Tournament were eliminated last night. Allen Dilts, Steve Baeharach, and Fred Ramputi all went out via the decision route.
Dairymen Plan Novel Meal For First Annual Banquet At 6 Tonight In the darkened cafeteria of the Home Economics Building, colored fruits made of ice cream illuminated by small flashlight bulbs, will be presented by the dairy department at the first annual Dairy Club banquet, which will begin tonight at 6 o’clock. Johnny Edgerton, president of the Dairy Club, will welcome the diners and will introduce toastmaster Tom Graham. Graham received the toastmaster position as a tribute to his being selected the best fitted man for the task in the senior dairy class. Horneman Will Speak Speaker for the evening will be H. C. Horneman, who will talk on “Opportunities and Developments in Dairying.” He is a graduate of the Iowa Statd University, Ames, la., president of the Illinois Guernsey Breeding Association, and president and general manager of the Sugar Creek Creamery Company, of Danville, 111. Sponsoring dairy products at the dinner, the Dairy Club will serve two kinds of cheese, milk, butter, in addition to ice cream. Various favors, donations from companies, will be given away at the meal, as will a door prize, a $10 book, “History of Dairying.” Floral table decorations will be made from various pastries, and the banquet tickets may be purchased for 75 cents. Anyone interested is eligible to attend. Stale AAA Men Will Meet Here Tomorrow state supervisors, fieldmen, and members of the Indiana Agricultural Conservation Committee will attend a two-day meeting tomorrow and Friday at the University. Provisions of the new agricultural adjustment act of 1938 will be explained and discussed, L. M. Vogler, chairman of the state committee, announced yesterday. Claude Wickard, former Carroll county farmer and present director of the AAA’s North Central Region of 10 states including Indiana, and L. B. Ellis, of the AAA’s office at Washington, D. C., will be present for the educational conference. Prof. A. I. Lipetz Talks Twice Here March 10 Prof. A. L. Lipetz, chief consulting engineer of the American Locomotive Company, will give the first two lectures on ‘High Speed Trains’ next Tuesday at 10 a. m. in the Electrical Engineering Building. The second lecture will be held in the Mechanical Engineering Building. The lectures are open to students and others interested in trends in transportation, assert sponsors of the talks.
Beg Your Pardon For a mechanical en*or in yesterday’s Exponent “better teaching” interview with Di‘. T. K. Cowden, we apologize. The incorrect statements inferred that Dr. Cowden has no definite standard for grading. Replacing the line, accidentally left out, his statement I’eads, “As for grades and their calculation, I intend to have a definite grading basis which students can vmderstand and calculate themselves.”£dlitfdaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
diumifi.
Wednesday, March 2, 1938
EXPONENT PLATFORM 1. Improve student housing conditions. 2. Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods. College Men Take Second... ... to the ambitious, energetic high school graduate.” Coming from business men, that statement is rather startling to the average college student. Yet, that is substantially just what a sizeable minority of employers had to say recently about the hiring of college graduates, according to a survey conducted by a popular monthly magazine. “Can you produce ?” is the present index for job-hunters. No longer is a sheepskin a oneway ticket to the job of the graduate’s choosing. Say certain employers, “We have learned to our surprise that carefully chosen high school graduates, minus college degrees, go places faster than do many ex-college men.” Agreed are these employers that a degree is and should be a means to an end. But these same men of experience report that many college men set their ideas too high. The average college graduate expects to go too fast .... promotions don’t come rapidly enough and dissatisfaction results .... Inferior work is forthcoming. Further criticism of the college man comes in the remark that certain individuals are “spoiled in the educational process. The once ambitious high school graduate becomes lazy and unproductive, may lose his sense of responsibility and forget to stop playing when he parts from the protecting hand of his alma mater.” To take these criticisms too seriously would constitute gross injustice to the great mass of capable college men. But there must be some reason for these remarks. Offered as a solution to this problem by some of our prominent educators is an educational program entailing more practical vocational instruction. If the college man is given training which cannot be secured as an apprentice or employee, employers will have less grounds for criticism. On this score, technical schools, combining the academic and the practical, rank at the top, and justly so. Others suggest that our institutions of higher learning are approaching the point of student saturation. If this be true, perhaps universities should exercise greater selection in choosing their to-be-graduated personnel. Most colleges tolerate individuals who would be better off had they never come to the school. With or without degrees, they are just mediocre. One prominent university educator suggests that in our present day rush to do something about the lower, underprivileged one-third of our population, we might stop to see what can be done for the upper one-third. This better-than-average group must bear the educational and financial load of citizenship. Why then hamper their progress and hold them back with the less capable and unproduc-
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER ^sociatgd ^oUggiate ^ycss MADISON WISCONSIN Entered «a second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60. REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY College Piihhilici ~ Ai ntiin e 420 Madison AVE New York N Y
Chicago - Boston -
Los Aru,
;les - San FbancisCO
Editor-In-Chief R. P. Manion
Bnsinesa Manager D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor — J. E. Brock Associate Editors —D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary — Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager— —J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager —R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager - M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R, L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Bnslness Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and^ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offeial University viewpoint. All unsigrned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Issue Editor—Deckard Night Editor—Hardin Wednesday, March 2, 1938
Notices
No Nul.L
^pted After 8 PJB.
at 4 :30 p. m. Dr. C. P. Harry, of the Board of Education in Lutheran church, will talk. —PLANK.
English Condition Examinations: In all courses of English and Speech will be held Saturday, March 12, 1 p. m., in Education Building, room 201. —CREEK. ASME: All members interested in presenting a paper at the student meeting Wednesday, March 9, call W. B. Wolverton, 71332. —CLUTTER.
P. IVL 11 and 12 Make-ups: Examinations for removal of conditions and incompletes in P. M. 11 and P. M. 12 will be given in room 201, Michael Golden Shops, at 4 p. m., March 16, 1938. —RISING.
Newman Club: There will be a Newman Club breakfast in St. Mary’s school hall after the 9:30 mass, Sunday, March 6. (3-6) —OTTENWELLER.
WAA Basketball: The following members of the Sport Day squad should report to the WAA office in the Union, Wednesday, March 2, at 6 p, m. without fail: Martha Schroder, Georgia Walker. Isabel Weishaar, Dorothy Newman, Gladys Knollman, Mary Holtman, Evelyn Heeter, Virginia Blank. Winifred Clapp, Lela Gabler, Katherine Merritt, Elizabeth Maier, Janet Morris, May Reimann, Janet Shafer, Louise Thomas, Marie Butz, Mary Delaplane, Joyce Divison, Pauline Swick, Josephine Cook. —BRADY.
Freshmen: Anyone interested in working on the Green Potter dance get in touch with me before Thursday, March 3. —BRODD.
Intramural Bowling: Schedule for Wednesday, March 2—7 p. m.. Alpha Chi Omega vs. Alpha Xi Delta and 8:30 p. m., Chi Omega vs. Kappa Kappa Gamma. —GEORGE.
YWCA Cabinet Members: Meet Wednesday, March 2, at 4 :30 p. m., in YWCA office. —BRYANT.
Playshop Electrical Workers: Report at Fowler Hall at 4 p. m.. Wednesday, March 2. —METZGER.
E-2 Basketball: Will the following men please report for basketball practice Wednesday, Mar. 2 at 4 :00 p. m.; Wells, Wright, Klinker, Scott, Evers, De La Croix, Johnson, Baldock, Fauk. —DeWI’TT.
Newman Club: There will be a meeting of the discussion group in room D of the Union, Thursday, March 3, at 7 p. m. —McCANAHAY.
Scabbard and Blade: There will be a very important meeting of all active membelra Thursday, March 3, at 7:30 p. m. in the 4^rmory, by order of the national inspector. All active members will attend in formal uniform. —BAALS.
Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting Wednesday, March 2, at 4 p. m., in room 134 of the Electrical Engineering Building. —WELLS.
Glider Club: Work session in the attic of the Mechanical Engineering Building at 2 P. m., Wednesday, March 2. —BUELL.
TYPEWRITERS ~ Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. EbershoflF, 606 Main street.
Sophomore Exponent Co-eds: Important meeting in old chestnut room of the Union Wednesday, March 2, at 4 :16 o’clock. —PYKE.
Glider Club: Open meeting in room B of the Union Building, Thursday, March 8, at 7:16 p. m. Important. —MOORE.
Delta Rho Kappa: Meeting Thursday, March 3, at 4 p. m., room C. Short but very important. Everyone must come. —CROMER.
Gimlet Club: Actives and pledges meet at the Delta Upsilon house Thursday, March 3, at 7 p. m. for formal pledging. —BROWN.
LOST—A black pig. Has one white leg. Reward. Call 2390 immediately.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Meeting Thursday, March 8, at 6 p. m., at the Theta Chi house. —WHITING.
Independent Staff: Staff meeting, Wednesday, March 2, at 7 p. m. in the PIA office. —MEACHAM.
FOR RENT—Front room as a single or double. 118 East Oak. Call 41304.
Green Patter Dance Committees: The following committees have been appointed. Temporary chairmen see Brodd, and also schedule a meeting of their committee before Saturday, March 6. Decoration: Elley, temp, chair., Rehm, Natter, Berger, Wright, Adler, Durham, Wadsworth, Elkin, Gits, Black, ChalWg. Orchestra: Yankowski, temp, chair., Hugel, Ourand, Beddoe, Layson. Program: Yates, temp, chair., Thompson, Rosenthal, Hosier, Cash, Trimble, Ference, McMullen, Caldwell. Chaperone: Knepper, temp, chair., McMaster, Bergman, Crow. Ticket: Newhagen, temp, chair., DelValle, Woodward, Stewart, Butler, Sachar. Publicity: McKee, temp, chair., Hartzell, Hall, Reed, Ludeka.' —BRODD.
Union Co-eds: All sophomore and freshmen co-edb report to the reception room of the Union any time between 8 a. m. and 6 p. m. until March 6 to work on the costumes for “Of Thee I Sing.’’ (2-6) —WOOD.
“P” Men: Meeting Wednesday, March 2, at 7 p. m. in the tower room. —POWELL.
Debris Salesmen; Debris sales meeting Friday, March 4, in Debris office at 4 p. m. All sales books must be turned in. —SIEBENTHAL.
Lutheran Students Association: Meeting in room B of Union Wednesday, March 2,
WAA Volleyball: Games to be played Wednesday, March 2, at 4 p. m.: freshmen I vs. sophomore 2 and freshman 2 vs. freshman 3; at 4:80 p. m.: freshman 2 vs. sophomore 1 and freshman 3 vs. sophomore —RODERICK.
FOR SALE—Korelle reflex camera, 3.6 lens. Special sunshade and filter adaption. Swivel head and tripod. Complete $60. Phone 41641— leave name. Because Of Unforseen Circumstances... . . . the senior marital lecture to have been given this week by Attorney C. H. Robertson has been indefinitely postponed.
ECM>,
tive laggards? Is it not advisable to provide every possible educational facility for their development? Certainly if our top notchers are being held back, restrictions should be removed. It is probably the lower one-third of our college clientele which is responsible for the present adverse comment of business men. Depression days may present some excuse for keeping the unfortunate person under the protecting wing of the university. Something might be gained then, for it is unlikely that the poor student could find employment anyway. If depression graduates received unearned degrees, however, and then pulled down the prestige of the average student’s diploma, such issuance of degrees is to be frowned upon. If these business statements are more than recession bugaboos, we may have here a real problem. Such remarks may serve as an inkling that our institutions of learning, under present educational practices, may be approaching the point of student saturation. Education is always dynamic. Out of our present variety of almost revolutionary instructional experiments may arise the solution to this problem presented by the seeming lag in the prestige of the job-hunter’s sheepskin. L.S.H.
LADIES GYMNASTIC DANCING CLASS OPENS Thursday, March 3, 7:16 P. M. Limbering, Stretching, and a Musical Comedy Tiller Dance Taught Phone 2160 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
STILL A MYSTERY This senior marriage mystery has everyone guessing . . . including us. A summary of campus opinion on the topic goes something like this: It isn’t Putze because he couldn’t keep a secret that long. It isn’t Stallings because Martenet’s too eager. It isn’t Siebenthal because he wouldn’t want to pay the $25 marriage bet he has out. We don’t know about Rohyans, but he’s admittedly eager enough. It isn’t Tommy Graham because Bartlett and Berry both refused to go to Chicago with him for the Wildcat game. We don’t think it Ehinger because he had something to do with the Debris beauties. It isn’t Bill Bailey because too many co-eds have seen him in broad It isn’t Bill Musham because he’s too smart. It isn’t Sheets because he’s too conservative. It isn’t Bobby Reid because he doesn’t rate the “important” qualification. We’re neatly caught between the horns of a dilemma. If you can help us, please do. One clue might help: the tip came from the Student Health Service. Don’t forget the double MARS Pass reward for the person who can show positive proof of the guilty senior. Forgetting the marriage question for awhile, we heard something that is the height of something or other. Theta Martha Norman, enroute by train to Cincinnati, asked the conductor to hold the train in Indianapolis while she got off to phone her mother. Breathes there a man around this school, Sufficiently restrained and cool Enough to limit his demands. And say “Good-night” just holding hands. Who has the decency to wait Until at least the second date To reach a warm romantic state And give the girl some preparation Before expecting osculation At least one hour in duration? If such there be, go mark him well I’ll date that guy and make him tell Me what the hell he had for dinner That makes him so sick. Signed, A disillusioned member of Pan-Hellenic. Dear Disillusioned, You are right. It is a horrible plight When on the first date, No matter how late. One tries to kiss goodnight. I am human—I have hopes— Maybe I don’t know the ropes. But just the same I’m plenty game To take my chances kissing dopes. If you are one who doesn’t play, I’d advise you at home to stay. Get out your books. Forget your looks. And get your lovin’ some other way. —C. W. G. Nutrition Experts , . . . . . Mrs. Dorothea Muehl Potts will be in charge of a six weeks’ cooking school at Indianapolis. She was formerly on the University staff for five years as nutrition specialist. Conducted for brides, the school will be held at an Indianapolis store beginning this afternoon, and continuing each Tuesday until April 6.
“Shrimps Newburg, no sauce—beef au jus, no fat—potatoes Strassbourg, no gravy—and oysters, no pearls!”
dent you’ll be, and the more “popular.” And if you do forget a name don’t be afraid to admit it with a smile. Probably if you play like you know it you’ll get caught at the game.
By Sally McKee And how about the friends we make in lecture, class, or after school activities whose names we have no opportunity to learn. How can we learn these names ? Ask them! It’s a compliment; it means that you want to remember them. And if some time has passed and it is embarrassing to ask your friend’s name, then ask some one who does know it—-a perhaps mutual laboratory companion. The more names you can attach to the right people the more confi-
ARC
—LAST DAY—
iGesrge — and ■— HARRY CARY “BORDER CAFE” — also — “WILD WEST DAYS” —PLUS— “MARCH OF TIME”
-Today—
fie
W&m
m
with
MAUREEN O’CONNOR —plus— CHARLIE McCarthy
STARTS TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
PRESTON POSTER in DOUBLE DANGER —pluserror FLYNN JOAN BLONDELL in” PERFECT SPECIMEN
mmA
—LAST DAY-
mmmEm teiumpiii
The American epic ol love and adventure! Spectacularly pre duced by M-G-M with a cast of thousands
WALTER HUSTON JAMES STEWART Starting BEULAH BONDI Tomorrow GUV KIBBEE GLEN MORRIS ELEANOR HOLM in “TARZAN’S REVENGE” —and— KENT TAYLOR FAY WRAY in “THE JURY’S SECRET”
—LAST DAY-
-Tomorrow and Friday— JANE WITHERS in “CHECKERS”Wednesday, March 2, 1938
THE PURDUE
Sp^OilA.
EXPONENT
Purdue Track Squad To Compete In Illinois Relays; 40 Teams Enter Track interest for the coming week-end will be centered at Champaign, 111., when the Illini will once again be host to college track teams of the Middle-west. After a lapse of five years, the Illinois Relays will be resumed with approximately 40 track teams besides Purdue, competing for the title. After their decisive victory over —
Basket Maker
Northwestern the past week-end, the Gold and Black team has high hopes of garnering top honors. They will be matched against some of the leading collegiate stars in the country, but Coach Harmon Phillips asserted he has high hopes for the Boilermaker squad. Purdue’s hopes for victory is based upon its superiority in the distance events. The squad is especially strong in the two-mile and two-mile relays, with possibilities in the shuttle relays and the special relay event. AAUW Sponsors Bridge Parly In Union Tonight A benefit card party, sponsored by the recent graduate group of the American Association of University Women, will be held tonight at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. All members of the senior group of the AAUW and their friends are invited to attend. * * ■ FRATERNITY BOWLING —Today— Following fraternities report at 3:45 at Lafayette Bowling Alleys: Acacia, Alpha Gamma Rho, Alpha Tau Omega, Beta Sigma Psi, Beta Theta Pi, Delta Upsilon, Kappa Sigma, Sigma Nu, Triangle, Pi Kappa Alpha, Phi Kappa, Theta Chi, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Phi Delta Theta, Phi Kappa Tau, Phi Kappa Psi, Alpha Chi Rho. (*) Note—Pay Fees.
PING PONG —Today— 4:00—Alpha Chi Rho, Phi Kappa Psi, Sigma Nu, Pi Kappa Alpha, Sigma Pi, TEP, and Theta Xi.
ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER Wed,, March 2, 6:36 P. M. INTERMEDIATE Thurs,, March 3, 6:30 P. M. ADVANCED Friday, March 4, 6:30 P. M. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6tli & Ferry
Nine Greek Paddle Teams Go Down In Ping Pong Tourney Nine Greek ping pong squads tasted defeat in the opening round of the inter-fraternity ping pong tournament, staged by the intramural department in room 205 of the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon. Sigma Alpha Epsilon gained a decisive lead in the tourney when they defeated the Triangles for their second victory of the day. In their opening game the SAE’s swamped Beta Sigma Psi to gain the right to play the Triangles, who had defeated the Phi Kappa’s in an earlier match. 16 Houses Enter Not all of the fraternities entering teams have played their preliminary games. Sixteen houses have entered teams. Awards in the form of participation points will be given to the victors and all teams entered in the elimination. Six other matches were held in this tourney, which was of a onegame elimination type. Acacia defeated the Kappa Sig’s, Sigma Chi won over Phi Kappa Tau, Sigma Alpha Mu set back the Beta’s, and the ATO’s swamped Tau Kappa Epsilon. Two Close Matches In two of the closest matches of the day the Delta Upsilon table artists and Alpha Gamma Rho paddlemen were victorious. The DU’s gained their victory over the Phi Delt’s after a hard fought battle and the Alpha Gam’s won over the Phi Kappa Sig’s. The remainder of the matches will continue at a later date, with eliminations being held until only one team remains. They will be crowned as the champs. FRATERNITY RIFLERY —Today— 4:00—Alpha Chi Rho, Alpha Gamma Rho, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi Kappa Tau, Pi Kappa Alpha. 5:00—Sigma Phi Epsilon, Sigma Pi, Tau Epsilon Phi, Theta Chi, Theta Xi, and Triangle.
iO0NQ^F<:>f5tc^lQD Sinking baskets from all over the floor, oftentimes under almost impossible conditions, and handling a basketball like it was a part of him, “Brigham” Young in three years of intercollegiate competition has tallied a total of 455 points. On the basis of a 12-game schedule, this would mean an average of 12.6 points per game. In addition to this Young has twice tied the Big Ten scoring record for a single game with 29 points, and holds the present Conference record for points scored during a single season with a total of 174 points and still a game to play. BASKETBALL —Today— Court 1—Aronson 7:00—Caiy Hall N-3 vs. Annex. 7:15—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Theta Chi. 8:25—SPE vs. Kappa Sigma. 8:40—^Triangle vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Court 2—Michael 7:00—Cary Hall E-3 vs. N-2. 7:15—Kappa Delta Rho vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 8:25—Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 8:40—Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Pi. Court 3—Lupear 7:00—Caiy Hall E-1 vs. E-2. 7:15—Ward 1 vs. Cary Hall 6. 8:25—Ward 12 vs. Ward 5. 8:40—^Ward 7 vs. Ward llA. Court 3—Aronson-Gale 5:00^—Sigma Nu vs. Alpha Tau Omega.
‘‘They’re Bitin’!” Mr. Advertiser, if you catch them unawares. Use An Exponent Ad as Bait
S A E Basketball Team Wins Over Sigma Chi In Class 'A' Semi-Finals
By Dick Obenchain When Jewell Young gets out of this place he will have bettered practically every scoring record that the Big Ten has . . . He’s a co-holder of the single game, individual scoring record of 29 points per game . . . He has already established two season’s scoring records and a three year’s mark . . . And with one more game to play, it looks as if “Brig” is going to hang up a few marks which are going to stand for quite some time. —^fc— Spring football practice is beginning . . . The football lads who have been having such a good time in the Union Building and other like places will be out m the cold again ... At least they have a mighty nice place to pi actice in if the basketball, track and baseball squads don’t take all of the room on the new gym floor. —fc— The net squad has been as hot from the field during the last few games as we have ever seen them ... At Indiana, Young and Sines gave the Crimson boys a taste of their own medicine, as the two Boilermaker forwards sank some long shots which were really beautiful ... And we thought that Purdue was at least unimpressive as long shot artists. Sigma Phi Epsilon Team Leads In First Round Of Bowling Tournament Initial games of the first round of the interfraternity bowling tournament are well under way, with half of the games rolled at the Lafayette Bowling Alleys completed. The contest is being conducted on the basis of total pins for three rounds. Each round consists of three games per man with each team composed of three men. The final standing will be computed on the total pins for 27 games. With 10 scores completed the Sigma Phi Epsilon team has taken the lead with a total of 1602 pins for the first three games. This total gives them an average of better than 534 points per game. The scores of the other teams that have completed the first round are Delta Upsilon, 1543; Sigma Nu, 1494; Kappa Sigma, 1406; Triangle, 1403; Sigma Pi, 1388; Alpha Gamma "Rho, 1325; Phi Delta Theta, 1290; Theta Chi, 1273; Alpha Tau Omega, 1196.
Pie Champ Comes Home (Continued from page 1) to work,” Mrs. Roosevelt confessed to Mary in an intimate 15 minute chat at the White House. Mrs. Roosevelt was late for the inteiview but “she was very busy getting ready for the Army-Navy reception,” explained the aged colored usher. The first lady wanted to hear all about Mary’s culmaiy experience, and about Purdue. She remembers Purdue well as the scene of several of her speeches and the location of the housing project. “Mis. Roosevelt has just had her hair bobbed and is using make-up for the first time,” claims Mary. See White House After the interview, Maiy, her mother, and Willaid Rutzen, publicity manager for National Cheriy Week, Were shown through the White House by the coloied ushei who has been working theie since the first year of the Harding administration. “All my life I’ve wanted to^iide on a fire engine or in the cab of a locomotive.” The realization of the latter ambition climaxed her trip. She received special permission to ride in the cab of the Capitol Limited in the capacity of whistle blower. “It was a diesel engine, only two weeks old. I pulled the whistle as we were going 80 miles an hour!” Mary never expected to be chosen Cherry Pie Queen, she confessed. “I thought the crusts on my pies were too crumbly. They fell apart,” she said, “and I spilled cherry juice all down the front of my apron.” But the judges knew good pies. Now Mary Wien is going to be a hermit, for all the people to whom she promised pies are trying to collect.
The Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity basketball team loomed up as the chief threat to the supremacy of the Sigma Pi class ‘A’ champions as the result of a decisive 49 to 34 victory over the Sigma Chi team yesterday afternoon in the semi-final round of the inter-frater-nity class ‘A’ tournament. Led by SAE sharpshooters Pickens and Oxley, who scored a total of 36 point-, between them, the SAE team gained a commanding lead early in the game and were out in front 23-10 at the half time. The Sigma Chi team returned for the second half vith a rally, which carried them within nine points of the SAE’s, with SIX minutes left to play they were unable to extend it into a victoi-y. In order to win the championship the SAE team must defeat the Sigma Pi’s in two consecutive games. The SAE’s have already been defeated once in earlier play, while the Sigma Pi team remains unbeaten. Each team must be defeated in two games before the champion is determined.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY Enroll in Our New ADULT BEGINNER’S CLASS Wed., March 2, 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED BALLROOM CLASS Friday, March 4, 7:00 P. M. Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
LAST DAY!
—OF—
Debris Sales Thursday, March 3rd
-AT—
$4.50
On Sale At Desk In Union Lobby From 11:00 a. m. to 6:00 p. m. and-7:00 p. m. to 9 ;00 p. m.
Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
‘‘DEAC’^ Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTOTS Everything for the Purdue Student PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th A Main Phone 5701 — Locksmith F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Aatomobil* k«T uid lock ow ■poetelty. L. C. N. Door Closer Disteiknton 208-211 N. 5th St. Phene 2828
— Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN —— Furniture —- Student Equipment J'UAniiWui Qo. 425 Columbia St Phone 2728 ^Beauty Studio —
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs. - PrL KEENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 602 Main Phene TUT3[DatL CULl,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
%ojtjlauL
Wednesday. March 2. 1938
500 MAIN ST. ^ CLOTHES SHOP INC
M4RQLETTE
vs. NOTRE DAME
In picking basketball teams — You can’t go wrong with Perdue. Seniors! Protect your education DE PAUL vs. DETROIT You will also pick a winner Wlien you insure with The Lafayette Life Insurance Company A Mutual Old Line Company
We Are Receiving Daily— SPRING CLOTHING
Which are, of course, in the latest styles. See the new Arrow Shirts and Ties . , . you'Itthem! SOCIETY BRAND SUITS ARROW SHIRTS AND COLLARS Formal Accessories Including THE NEW "LIDO" WINGED COLLAR
LOYOLA
vs. TOLEDO
’^JuUwjiL
INC.
In the Village
WEST SIDE
vs. WEA
Like Cedric, you too can be saved. Only don't let the damages on your car catch up with you like this fire has caught Cedric. Hove your car checked regularly at— Peter Anderson Co.
24 Hour Service
Phone 4048
525 Alabama St.
PICK THE WINNERS ChvcOvdA.! Here’s your chance to show just how much you know about picking Basketball scores. To make this contest even more interesting the EXPONENT is offering prizes of $3.00, $2.00, and $1.00 for the best three entries. Pick and win! Send your entry today. CONTEST RULES 1. Using 5'our ability and any scientibc method you may have, estimate the scores of the ten basketball games found in the advertisements on this page. 2. Write in twenty-five words or less, “Why I Think I Should Patronize Local Merchants.” 3. The decision of the judges shall be final. In case of ties duplicate prizes will be awarded. 4. Entries will be judged on accuracy, originality, and neatness. 5. Contests will be run every week through the Purdue 1938 basketball season. Entries must be m the EXPONENT office by 5 p. m. each Friday. 6. Scores must be on clipping of the contest page, or pages; or a reasonably exact facsimile thereof. 7. Entries will be received only if mailed by Campus Mail, left at the Union Desk, or left at the EXPONENT office. Address all entries to Local Advertising Manager, Purdue Exponent. 8. Results will be announced in the EXPONENT. 9. Members of the EXPONENT Staff, EXPONENT employees, or their families are not qualified for entry. LAST WEEK'S PRIZE WINNERS First Prize—Award of $3.00 LEN HAVERKAMP 215 Chauncey Ave., West Lafayette Second Prize—Award of $2.00 J. H. THOMSON 690 Waldron Street, West Lafayette Third Prize—Award of $1.00 ELWOOD KIMMELL 130 South Grant Street, West Lafayette Honorable Mention H. B. Forbes Seymour Lobel J. B. Ortman
Classify and File Your PapersCORRECTLY
4 Drawer Steel Letter File
Delivered to your home or office $19.00
Glance over the features listed below. If you find they’re all the things you require of a filing cabinet, look no further. In no other file will you find combined so many desirable qualities with prices so low. Quiet, Easy Drawer Action: Drawers operate on hard steel rollers, four to each drawer. Full Finished: Finished on all four sides and top, in standard Olive Green. Spot Welded: No nuts. No bolts. No rivets No screws. Standard Equipment: Each drawer is furnished with guide rod and sliding follower block. Handsome Hardware: Drawer handles, label holdeis, and guide rod projections of handsome bronzed appearance lend a fine finish to the file. HAYWOOD'S 5th and Ferry Sts. Lafayette, ind.
STANFORD
vs. CALIFORNIA
W atches—Diamonds—J ewelry
NORTHWESTERN vs. PURDUE
WL eeier’d cjCuncL
420 Main Street
CHICAGO vs. OHIO STATE
Everything for a College Education
ILLINOIS vs. INDIANA
H.G.(Dea()Rejsner College Bookstore
While you're thinking about which teams will win, drop in for a chop steak and root beer. Bert Triple XXX MICHIGAN vs. NORTHWESTERN
A definite, tense, entertaining review of the news in permanent book form. "IN 1937"—by the Test-Maker of "TIME" Magazine by A. C. Eurich and E. C. Wilson STORMALONG"—^Alan Villier "CRUISE OF THE CONRAD"—Alan Villier You Heard Him Speak Now Read His Books
WISCONSIN
vs. MINNESOTA
SOUTHWORTH’S West Lafayette