.1' 'i ”
rSf
a r*^
ThiB Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
WEDNEI^AY May 18,1908 Lofayefte, hufiona VOL. 49 No. 182
Board Elects EJatthews Union Proxy Pan-HelCouncil Student Union Officers For 1938-39 CdbofldrQI^ CrOSSIlldn^
Mason Receive Offices
Okehs Next Year's Co-ed Rush Rules Co-ed Rush rules for next year were accepted by Pan-Hellenic council members at a meeting held yesterday at 4 p. m. in room D of
the Union.
Differing little from last year’s regulations, the rules provide for a period of open I’ush followed by formal rush beginning October 1, and climaxed by preference night dinners October 6. Georganna Huber was chairman of the rules committee, w^iich was composed of Jean Small, Mary Jean Jarrett, and Jean Stolz. In addition, all Greek letter sororities have agreed to hold their “courtesy week” in conjunction with fiaternity week, according to Jean Stolz, president of the Pan-Hellenic
Council.
Music Groups Will Dine May 25 Members of the University Choir, Concert Choir, Men’s Glee Club, and University oichestra will be entertained at a banquet at Lincoln Lodge Wednesday, May 25, at 6:30
p. m.
Albert P. Stewart, conductor of musical organizations, will act as toastmaster and will present various awards, including the Music Medal. The medal will be given to the student who has contributed the most to music during his college career. After the banquet there will be dancing. Reservations will be made through organization heads. A charge of 10 cents will be made for the dinner for each person attending. Spring Spree Officials Promise Ticket Refund Alpha Phi Omega officials will refund money to all persons who purchased tickets for the Spring Spree, which was cancelled because of rain. A similar affair is planned for this fall at Cary Camp.
G. W. Matthews President
D. Cabonargi Executive
E. S. Mason Activities Chairman
Phyllis Grossman Co-ed Executive
SAA Patilions Must Be in Senate Office By 5:30 p. m. Today All petitions for the three SAA offices must be in the Student Senate office by 5:30 tonight, according to C. G. Elliott, president of the Student Senate. Positions to be filled are senior secretary and two junior vice-presi-dencies. In order to petition for these offices, students must have a scholastic average of 3.25, or over, for all previous semesters. A petitioning fee of one dollar is charged. New officers will be chosen by an open election in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building. The balloting will begin Friday morning at 9 o’clock and will continue throughout the day. Polls Close at 6 p. m. Polls will close at 6 p. m., and the elected officers will be disclosed as soon as tabulations are completed. These elections are in line with the recently passed revisions of the Student Athletic Association constitution. Under the amendment, passed by popular vote (192-3), the junior officers' in the association must be elected by popular vote, while the senior officers will be chosen from them the following year by an electoral committee. This committee will consist of the four SAA officers, Gimlet president, Reamer president, the Gold Pepper piesident, and the University athletic director.
Airport, Legion Will Stage Annual Air Show Sunday
Mike Murphy will endeavor to re-enact this stunt at the air show Sunday If successful in taking off from the speeding automobile, Mike will circle the field and attempt to land on the roof of the car.
Purdue’s Airport and the American Legion will present their tenth annual Airport Show starting at 2 o’clock, Sunday afternoon. All sorts of stunting, parachute jumping, and specialties will feature the show from beginning to end. Mike (The Flying Irishman) Murphy who led , Linco Flying Aces, and Earl (Whitie) Stein will be starred on the aft-
ernoon show.
Murphy will perform the difflcul^ task of taking off from the roof of a speeding automobile. If he suc-
ceeds in this, he will circle around, then land on,the roof of the auto-
mobile.
“Bat-Wing” Jumper
Stein, who is the only surviving “bat-wing” parachute jumper since the late Clem Sohn, has a newly designed pair of wings for this exhibition. He will “bail out” at 10,500 feet and will glide down until he is only a few hundred feet above the earth before opening his ’chute. A model plane contest will be
(Continued on page 4)
Thomas Wolfe Will Tell Of Writers^ Work At Annual Literary Banquet
“I want to make this a kind of workshop talk, that is, a very simple account of a writer’s work and his beliefs and convictions about writing, drawn diiectly fiom his own experiences,” writes Author Thomas Wolfe, speaker for the annual literary banquet, concerning his appearance here. President E. C. Elliott will be the toastmaster for the banquet Thursday in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building at 6:30 o’clock when awards will be made to winners of various campus literary contests. Prof. H. L. Creek, head of the English department, will announce the award winners at the'^dinner. Outlines Talk “I am pretty clear in my mind about what I am going to say ... I have already written down in simple form what I want to say,” Wolfe continued in his letter. “But I do not think I will even refer to a typed page when I get up to talk, because I think I may do better without it.” “In the past three years, I have thought more and more of the writer’s relation to the world around him, and what effect it has, or ought
WSGA Picks 120
New Counselors
One hundred freshman WSGA counseloi s and 20 transfer counselors were selected last night from a group of 200 which was interviewed by Georganna Huber and Betty Jo Sexton, WSGA chairmen in charge of the counseling program. Counselors selected will join in round table discussion groups to be held today and tomorrow at 4 p. m. in room C of the Union. Typical cases which may be applied to Purdue’s counseling problems will be discussed. Leaders of the groups are: Georganna Huber, Betty Jo Sexton, Betty Elstun, Mai’y Alice Reaming, Louise Bain, and Mary Cooley. 'Bransfer counselors who will, meet Wednesday are Leona Beebe, Peggy Boyce, Estelle Cohen, Jane Hall, Mary Jane Heint, Barbara Rectoi, Dorothy Smiley, Betty Spears, Mary Petticrew, Maxine Chailli, and Ruth J. Williams. - The following transfer counselors will meet on Thursday: Marjorie Buck, Betty Hixon, Phyllis Umphreys, Maigaret Saurer, Sarah Saint, Martha Norman, Lorisdene Langstaff, Margaret Ide, and Nina DeWitt. Fieshmen counselors who will meet Wednesday are Martha Baker, Adele Bardach, Elizabeth Barmes, Jean Beemer, Louise Beggs^ Eleanor Burton, Treva Berry, Dorothy Berghoff, Helen Conver, Margaret Crankshaw, Louise Daniel, Estelle, Dix, Betty Driscoll, Ruth Dunn, Catherine Davis, Barbara Fleming, Jane Fleig, Pauline George, Winifred Gregory, Mary Hague, Edith Herman, Viriginia Huffman, M&ry Hudson, Rosemary Ince. Margaret Johnson, Joyce Johnson, Martha Kemmer, Virginia Kungel, Amelia Kneer, Betty Mas/4ers, Margaret Mitchell, Martha Moorhead, Katherine Mounce, Geor(Continued on page 3)
to have, on his own work ... I began life, as many young men do, as a lyrical writer. That is, I wanted to express my vision of life and of the world largely in terms of my own youth and my own personality. Traces Development “I might describe the talk I have in mind as a series of concenti-ic ciicles, tracing briefly and simply the stages of my own development. I suppose the root of the thing is that I want to tell the students about the writer and his life, not merely in terms of writing, but in terms of living also.” Banquet tickets are on sale for 75 cents at Deac’s, Southworth’s, Decker’s, and the English office in University Hall. Sandford To Talk At Activity Dinner “Thirty Thousand Words a Day— With Gestures” will be the title of a speech covering unusual and humorous situations experienced by Dr. William Sandford when he talks at the Stage-Stump-Studio Banquet Friday in the Home Economics cafeteria. Dr. Sandford is now the editor-in-chief and owner of a Pontiac, 111., newspaper. He was formerly head of the University of Illinois Speech depaitment and previous to that he was a member of the speech staff at Ohio University. Awards in the foim of keys, medals, and shingles will be made; and the new members and officei s of the oiganizations will be announced. The banquet terminates the year’s activities of Play shop, all the foiensic groups, and of senior staff members of WBAA. Hank Miller of WBAA has planned a diversified program, and music will be furnished for dancing after the banquet. According to Wayne Milne, ticket chaiiman, today is the last day that tickets may be pui chased. Tickets aie 65 cents and may be obtained by piesenting an invitation at the Playshop office in Eliza Fowler Hall or in the speech office on the third floor of Univeisity Hall. Camera Club Elects Derner President Camera Club elected officers, all but one of whom have held previous offices, in the tower room of the Union last night. New officers are: William J. Derner, Hammond, president; William D. Heddon, New Albany, vice-president; Ruth B. Swift, Houghton, Mich., secretary; and Miriam V. Gustafson, Rockford, 111., co-ed executive. _ Prizes for the best prints in the spring exhibit, displayed in the music room from May 1 to May 8, will be awarded at the Camera Club picnic to be held at Turkey Run. New policies for the coming year will be determined and announced later this spring to take care of the gfrowth of the club. The membership now numbers 60 students. Retiring officers are Dwight Williamson, Joyce Williams, and J. C. Baker.
Gordon W. Matthews, ME ’39, member of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity, was elected to the Student Union presidency by the Union electoral board last night. Three other Student Union officers for the coming year elected were: Union executive, Ted D. Cabonargi, ME ’39, Delta Upsilon; activities chairman, E. Sully Mason, ME ’39, Phi Kappa Psi; and co-ed executive, Phyllis S. Crossman, Sc. ’39, ■ , ■ ' Chi Omega.
Creates New Committee
At the banquet at 7 p. m. immediately following the elections. President Edward C. Elliott created a new committee to act as an advisory board deeming the Union Building and Student Union activities. This consulting committee will be composed of the vice-presidents who did not get senior jobs, and will report directly to President Elliott.
Students, Faculty Will Meet Tonight At ChE Banquet All chemical engineering students and the chemical engineering faculty will meet tonight at the annual senior-faculty banquet which will be held in the faculty lounge of the Union at 6:30 p. m. “Even though the banquet is being sponsored by the Catalyst Club, all chemical engineers are invited and we expect 100 per cent attendance,” said H. S. Nolting, secretary of the Catalyst Club and chairman of the banquet. Ed Blair, ChE ’38, will be toastmaster and will introduce several faculty members and students who will give short farewell talks. Entertainment will be provided by Fi'ed Baase on the xylophone and Don Bowden, who will sing. Tickets are priced at 65 cents and may be obtained from Prof. C. L. Lovell of the chemical engineering school, or from Catalyst Club mem-
bers.
Brown Will Speak On 'Blind Flying' Tonight Lieutenant W. E. Brown, EE ’29, national guard officer of the 113th Observation Squad, IndiaUapolis, is to speak tonight before an open meeting of the Purdue Plying Club in room A of the Union Building at 7:30 o’clock. Club officers invite everyone interested in flying to attend the lectuie.
Along with President Elliott’s proposal, the dinner featured talks by all in-going and out-going Student Union officers. Memorial Union Manager Lloyd M. Vallely gave a talk on what the Union meant to him, which was described by retiring Student Union Executive Louis Putze as “very fine.” Board Interviews The electoral board, composed of the four senior officers. Manager Vallely and President E. C. Elliott, began interviewing the candidates for office at 4:15 p. m. yesterday. As soon as all the positions were filled, the appointments were made known and the officers, old and new, the former Union vice-presidents, and the faculty members of the electoral board adjourned to the old chestnut room for the banquet. The new vice-presidents, elected last Saturday, will be entertained at a banquet in the near future, said Putze last night. He also added that a picnic is being planned for all members of the old and new Union boards.
Indiana Weather
Forecast For Indiana: Showers today and tonight and probably tomorrow. Warmer today. Yesterday’s Temperature: High, 69; low, 54; mean, 61.5.
Special Flight Tomorrow Will Mark Air Mail Week
This special cachet will be placed on aU air mail letters leaving Lafayette for Indianapolis tomorrow. The flight will mark National Air Mail Week, May 15 to May 21.
Commemoi’ating National Air Mail week, May 15 to 21, the first air mail flight by plane from Lafayette will be made tomorrow. The first air mail flight ever made was in a balloon by Professor John Wise in 1859. Captain L. I. Aretz will pilot the mail plane to Indianapolis, leaving the University Airport at approximately 10 o’clock tomorrow morning. Letters going with the special flight will not only bear the commemorative cachet, but will also be appropriately stamped. The mail-
ing deadline at both the Lafayette and West Side post offices has been set at 9 a. m. tomorrow. Persons who wish to obtain cachets may address their letters to themselves. These letters will go to Indianapolis by plane and will be returned via the railroad to be delivered. The air mail flight and special cachet are being sponsored jointly by Lafayette Postmaster wood and the Lafayette Philatelic Society.£dijttfdaL
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
diunufi.
Wednesday, May 18, 1938
Jhs £djiioh SoifA: Exponent’s Electoral Board... created fi\e ne^^ offices when they lestaffed the papei Monday afternoon Yesteiday we heard consideiable comment about this around the campus, and were repeatedly quizzed conceinmg the duties to be assigned the new officers Some of the questions stumped us many of the details have yet to be worked out, and the lobs will moie oi less be woiked out to fit the staff’s personnel Cit"^ Editoi was the title assigned to the new senior on the editonal staff, whose position brought the most inquiry Don Bailey, filling this office vill find his mam work in the coordination of the separate night staffs—editorial, spoits, and co-ed He’ll keep them abreast of campus news, handle publicity and news releases, and keep a daybook record of all events and developments Fiom night to night the City Editor will plan the coverage of campus news events, giving special reportorial assignments. When election time rolls around next Spring the City Editoi will be particularly valuable since he’ll keep records on ability and work quality of Exponent workers, knowing each one of them personally Accounts Manager Bill Smith will keep Exponent’s books and collect Exponent’s moneys These impoitant duties have been delegated to the circulation manager in previous years, but increase in circulation and publication has led to the division of the jobs VonRoy Daugherty as Sales Manager, will direct the field work of the advertising staffs His responsibility will be the actual selling of ads, while Local Advertising Manager Ed Antonim will handle the office end, will see that the ads are properly made up and incorporated into the paper All these aie junioi positions all the persons filling them will be eligible next year for the senior business managerial offices With the addition of a Sunday paper came the need for another Associate Editor The electoral board added a sixth junior to this position, the duties will remain the same as the pievious fi\e Artwork on advertisements will be under the direction of Dons Jane Henmnger next year She, as Art Director, will supervise the layout and drawing woik in this field In geneial those will be the duties of the new officers As the year progi esses, the new officers will find their place m the sun; there’s woik enoughTor all and the only problem is the proper division of this work
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
hmiMH wiscoran
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 8 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of Oct 3 1917 authorized Jan 20 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular aca demic year and weekly during the Summer Session Campus subscription $3 per year by mail $3 60
Editor In Chief
Business Manager
H I Stanback
R R Hensler
PUBLICATION STAPr
Managing Editor U. S Hardin City Editor D A Bailey Associate Editors G W Fredeiick K C Houston B E Insley W A Kroeplin D G Terrio J C Woodson Editoi s Secretary Margaret Sawyer
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager Local Advertising Manager
Circulation Manager
Sales Manager
National Advertising Manager Accounts Manager
Art Director
M C Reeves
E M Antonini
W F Berg V Daugherty H W Nevin W E Smith J Henmnger
D
CO ED STAFF
Editor Associate Editors
Editor Associate Editoi s
Sally McKee Joy Johnson
Georgann Schilling Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF R L McDonald
J A Hebbeler
R Jenkins E J Deckard
MAIN OFFICE 312 N Fifth St Lafayette Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 5038 UNION OFFICE Room E Memorial Union Building West Lafayette Ind Phone 4005 ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written edited and published by undergiaduate students of Purdue University All opin ions in it unless otherwise accredited are student opinions and do not necessarily coincide with the official Univeisity viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the edi toi in chief
Night Editor—Terno Issue Editor—Massey Wednesday May 18 1938
because of then Tradition has journalists and poor scholars however, have achieved an av-
We’re Proud...
. . of our new staff, especially prowess along academic lines long indicated that Exponent financiers will be notoriously Our 25 newly-elected officers, excepted the rule—they have erage scholastic index of 4 30
The seven who step into senior positions boast an index of 4 40, junior editorial officers, 4 48, co-ed juniors, 4 91, sports juniors, 4 04, and business staff juniors, 3 76 Darn fine, we say again and we hope their work on Exponent next year is just as good as their school work
has been in past semesters
collegiate
Students stiugglmg thiough foui yeais of college, woikmg towaid the coveted degiee piobably little lealize that theie aie institutions in the country which will gladly con fei on them almost any degiee upon leceipt of a stipulated price plus a little home work ‘ Counteifeit Degiees ’ is the teim by which they aie designated m ed ucational ciicles and Walton C John of the U S Office of Education discusses them at some length in the March issue of ‘“School Life” the publication of that Federal'l-g ency Mi John lists the puces of some of the degiees and they are ridiculously small One institution m South Dakota foi example, gives by coirespondence a bachelor’s degiee foi $45 mastex’s degree foi $55 and doctorates at the rat© of $80 each Some of these “educational” insti tutions do a thiiving business in foreign countiies India and China where degrees are highly respected, are fruitful fields With increasing fiequency com plaints aie leceived by the Fedei al goveinment fiom foreign nations protesting against the unscrupulous practice of granting worthless degrees However, the Federal gov ernment can do nothing about as the matter of control and supervision of schools IS vested entirely in the states Some states have rigid laws piohibitmg diploma mills from operating, but a sufficient numbei of states are lax to enable profes serial de^ee granters to keep going at full speed The recipients of these spurious degrees, of course, don’t fool many people. A graduate of an accredited institijtion won’t have much difficulty in competing with the holder of a counterfeit degree Just the same, it seems a shame that degrees, and education m general, should be cheapened by such practices that, m many states, are entirely lawful.
Research Directer Will Address AChS Di F N Peteis Jr diiectoi of lesearch of the Quakei Oats Company, will be the pimcipal speakei foi the Purdue section of the Ameii can Chemical Society tomoiiow at 7 30 p m in loom 106 of the Chemistry Building Pieceding the lectme a dinner will be held m his honoi in the Union Building at 6 p m Di Peteis leceived his AB and AM degiees fiom the University of Missomi, and his Ph D degree from the Umveisity of Wisconsin As managei of sales of the Quak ei Oats Company he has had consideiable expel lence in industrial as well as leseaich woik His chief research interests are Giignard reagents and chemistiy of foifmal compounds
You'll Like It Too • Keep Posted on Campus Events all summer for^Oc. Summer Session Editions of the Purdue Exponent
PSA To Cast Straw Ballot In Meeting Voting on “Collective Security oi Isolationism” will be the featuied business at a meeting of the Pui due Student Alliance tomoiiow at 7 30 in loom D of the Memoiial Un ion A nation wide student i efei endum on the United States’ foieign pol icy IS being taken undei the aus pices of the Ameiican Student Un ion of which the PSA is a membei The local gioup is coopeiating with the national organization m taking the vote heie Officeis foi next semestei will be elected at this meeting Plans for a picnic to be held Satuiday, May 21, at Happy Hollow will also be dis cussed
THE DEBRIS LINE seems to be evei increasing with age—patience is your only reward. The way they look at you when you get your book would make an honest man feel like a Siebenthal
ALL IN ALL it IS a veiy good issue and we would like to congratulate the staff on their good woik THERE HAS BEEN QUITE . . . a bit of limping going on on the part of the co eds, and it was overheard that one of the girls said it was due to these Turkey Run “rat laces ”
ONE CASE WAS caused by slipping out of a bath tub You should be more care ful Martha (Wood) WHILE CONSULTING . a modern typical Purdue co ed, we discovered the trouble with the Purdue eds is that they have girls back home Now who could be guilty of such a deceiving trick WELCOME HOME Son—“Hello Mothei ” Mothei-—“Hello Cookie ” Son—“Why the Cookie stuff’” Mothei—“Because you’ve been a Wafei so long ” THESE SIGNS that aie placed aiound the cam pus saying, “Help Piotect Our Cam pus might as well leaH “Help De test Oui Campus ” Thus making all this lawn i oiling—supplied by the students—legal J Lambda Chapter ... of Kappa Beta national Chi is tian religious sorority, announces the election of the following officers Mary Cuss, Claiks Hill piesident Rose Mane Clodfeltei, Russellville vice piesident Billie Laugheed La fayette, secietaiy, Helen Rees of Rushville tieasuiei. Fiances Wal lace Biazil ladius lepoitei, and Olga Mae Reinochl Ashley, alumn nae and coiiesponding secretaiy
!l JmH Ennmisn IS NOT CSniPLETE UUTIL SBIl'VE SEES
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
is' mm:*
- I 1#/ ' f I
Copr 1938 by United Feature Syndicate Ino
‘I’m so tired I can hardly keep my mouth open
ing that a broken date produces whethei it has a good excuse oi not If the girl has been the offendei, she should be careful to be particu larly nice on the next date To break a date need not spell failuie if one is sinceiely tactful about it
The veiy lowest form of life on any campus is the person who bleaks a date To those who break one date after another, we have nothing to say noi can we adequately say anything about them But for those who must for a good excuse bieak a date we offei a bit of advice As soon as possible aftei the bro ken date a boy should call the giil and make some attempt to “make it up” to hei Really theie is noth ing that gives one the let down feel
—LAST TIMES TODAY—
GEORGE BURNS .xGRACIE ALIEN MARTHA RAVE , iOB HOPE TOMORROW—FRIDAY 2 DAYS ONLY VICTOR McLAGLEN BRIAN DONLEVY LOUISE HOVICK IN “BATTLE OF BROADWAY”
The University of Virginia alum ni association will lequest that Congress give the university the $3,000 000 fund available as a monument to Thomas Jeffei son foi an “educational, living tribute ”
ARC
—LAST DAY-
ONSLOW r/\dIO Pictur* —also— “RADIO PATROL” No 8
—TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE
lY
It s true Think what you can learn in the land that gave the world Goethe Wagner Beethoven Ourer Nietszche Mozart Kant and Luther Great art and superb music each an education in itself Possibly you would en|oy even more a glorious steamer trip on the castle guarded Rhine or the blue Danube a visit to dear old Heidelberg or a healthy interesting hiking or biking tour from one Youth Hostel to the next For a glimpse of continental life and leisure you will stroll along Berlins Unter den Linden Of hospitable Munich with her golden brew you have heard Not tar away are the Bavarian Alps and Austrian Tyrol And then romantic Vienna living in waltz time and happily reunited with Germany Everywhere historic or legendary names will |og your memory—the Meistersinger at Nurnberg Frederick the Great at Sanssouci, Charlemagne at Aachen Living and travel are inexpensive, especially with Travel Marks at 40% savings and special rail tickets at 60% reductions Consult your Travel Agent and write for information and booklet "C" GERmnn RniiRonDs IRFORRIRTIOn OFFICE 10 East 57th Street, New York, N Y
LU^ —LAST TIMES TODAY—
In Technicolor THURS. — FRL — SAT. JACK HOLT IN “FLIGHT INTO NOWHERE” —AND— BONITA GRANVILLE IN “BELOVED BRAT”
©10 ^ *
klKinoofim
A mONOCRAM
^ EVELYN GRANT RiCHAilPS CLARA BLANDiCK BERNADENE HAYES —PLUS— MARY ELLIS IN GLAMOROUS NIGHT —STARTS TOMORROWDOUBLE FEATURE THITTERO OFTHE^SiRWiWES; [brings you breathless THRILLS AND ROMANCEI liimir, ,®P TNI RMU, ■©OUIUII JAMES iNEWULi CAROL IHUGHEI OiiyHi It’s a First Run Plus— SALES LADY —with— ANNE NAGEL WELDON HEYBURNWednesday. May 18. 1938
THE PURDUE
SpflhtA
EXPONENT
Boilermakers Battle DePauw Tigers Here Today
Baseball Squads To Start Play After One Day Delay; Non-Conference Contest Mother Nature tossed a monkey wrench into the machine of local baseball circles yesterday with enough power to jar the scheduled Boilermaker-DePauw ball game but of commission
for at least 24 hours.
Rain, incessantly pouring down during the morning, blanketed the field with a sheet of water.* iBy noon the rain filled clouds had retired from the scene and left the field soaked with water. Play was impossible.
Schedules Game “Dutch” Fehring, coach of the Boilermaker club, announced the affair between the locals and the Methodists is scheduled for today at 4 o’clock on the diamond back of the Fieldhouse. In their previous two encounters this season, both non-conference games, the two squads divided blue ribbon honors, each winning one of the games. On April 16 DePauw visited the locals and set down the Boilermaker aggregation by a score of 8-6, in 11 innings. Warner or Higgins will start as moundsman in today’s tilt. Previous plans to use Arnold Bredewater as pitcher in the game will not materialize, Fehring commented yesterday. The local baseball chief said that Bredewater’s services will
be needed in the two-game series with Ohio State Buckeyes at Columbus, 0., Friday and Saturday. Purdue’s outfield will consist of Stamm, Dickinson, and Dean. Mackiewicz will hold down the hot corner position, with Thompson at short, Hearne at second, and Waling on the initial bag. Art Bredewater or Howie McAfee will fill in duties behind the plate.
SPORTS STAFF MEETING All members of the Exponent sports staff will meet tonight in room E of the Union Building at 7:30 o’clock. —McDonald.
Service Directory
• i^dcsf^res
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. RKISNER, 1 ' SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student • PrQfessi®iiai The Riek Dental CUnic
DB. PAUL A. KI8K DR. HAEOU) 3. RISK DK. ROBBEf e. BISK DB. LUTHBR A. mSK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
• Locksmifli
LAWN MOWERS NEW—USED—SHARPENED New Mowers 6.50 cmd up. Delivery service on Mowers. MULHAUFTS Phons 2828-208-11 N. Sth 8L • Beayfy Sttidio • EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE e Co-ed Special, Thurs, - Fri. KIElfLY ' ' BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
Tennis Team To Compete In Big Ten Tournament Purdue’s tennis squad will leave for their last trip of the season tomorrow morning when they journey to Chicago to participate in the Western Conference meet tomorrow, Friday, and Saturday. Men who have been chosen by Coach Larry LaBree to make the trip are Wakefield, Traylor, Blitz,
Fuente and Gardner.
In the doubles Fuente and Gardner and Traylor and Wakefield will be paired to represent Purdue. In the meet each match will count one point with the team winning the most matches winning the meet. The men will be paired off according to their position on the team with each number one man playing other number one men. Seven Men Sign For Annual River Swim Only seven men have signed up so far for the annual river swim from Lincoln Lodge to the Brown Street Bridge which is to be held next Monday, “Chief” Clevett an-
nounced last night.
Those who have entered are: Howard Krick, C. S. Arnold, Tom Haver, Lansing HMimichs, A. W. Risser, P. R. Holden, and John Mazur. "Noticeable for his absence on this list is John Graham, sophomore, who swam the two and onehalf mile course in record time last
year.
Medals are to be presented to the first five men who finish in this traditional event which is being held for the sixteenth time.
Intramurals BASEBALL —Today— Diamond 3—Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 5—Ward 2X vs. Ward 13.
Thinlies Prepare For Big Ten Meet At Columbus Glenn Cunningham To Run 24 Boilermakers Enter
CLASS ‘B’ DOUBLES TENNIS Today—4:15 Delta Upsilon vs. Theta Chi. Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Delta Theta,.
ALL-CAMPUS Powell vs. Monger. D. P. Morse vs. More. FRESHMAN-VARSITY G. J. Frey vs. Hargesheimer
Don't Bury Yourself During The Summer Keep in touch with the Old Stamping Ground — Subscribe to the Summer Edition of the Exponent and "Be in the-know." Summer Session of the the Purdue Exponent • Mailed Anywhere
In the best tradition of Western Conference competition, another wide open struggle looms for the 38th annual conference track and field championships to be held at the Ohio State Stadium, Columbus, 0., next Friday and Saturday. Long installed as the finest track meet in the middle-west, the coming meet will again provide a full program of keen rivalry. Augmenting the usual thrills attendant to such a contest will be the appearance of Glenn Cunningham, king of the milers, in a special mile race. Michigan Defends Title The University of Michigan will have the job of defending their outdoor title won at Ann Arbor, Mich., last year. Sounding a strong challenge to those who would displace them, the Wolves captured conference indoor title at Chicago during the recent indoor season. With few exceptions, none of the expected entrants may be selected as outstanding favorites to win individual titles. Only two individuals will be defending titles. George-Hal-crow, ace Chicago quarter-miler, is to compete against a strong field in his title defense. Bill Watson, the Michigan all-around star will be defending his shot put, discus, and broad jump crowns. New Sbrt Courses Available To Coaches In Suimer Session Courses pertaining to all fields of physical education for coaches and physical educators will be available during the summer- session, from June 13 to July 27, Bob Woodworth, acting athletic director, announced yesterday. In addition to the regular six weeks course, two intensive three week courses will be offered this
year.
The first course, from June 13 to July 2, will cover the fundamental problems of the recreational movement in America, and enrollment will be limited to experienced leaders in recreation. The second course, from July 2 to 27, will deal with problems concerning the legislative and legal factors, equipment and budgeting.
Men’s Gymnasium locker holders are to return key, lock, and towel not later than June 11, 1938. No deposits will be returned after this date. R. C. Woodworth, Athletic Director
After winding up its dual season with a victory over Marquette last Saturday, Coach Hermon Phillips’ track charges are concentrating on preparations for the Western Conference championships at Columbus, 0., this week-end. Among Purdue’s main point hopes in the championships are Bob Lemen, ace hurdler; Art Bodeau, halfmiler and miler; Alden Knapp, mile and two-miler; Steve Gutting, high hurdler; Roger DeLong, dashman, and Curran in the javelin. Twenty-four men complete the roster of tracfcsters. Lemen In Hurdles Lemen, twice participant in the Big Ten annual meet, is expected by local authorities to gain blue ribbon honors in the high and low barriers. He has run the low sticks consistenly in 24 seconds and topped the tall lumber near the 15 second
mark.
Knapp, distance man, is favored to place in the mile run with assistance of Art Bodeau, stellar middle distance man. Steve Gutting, hurdler, performs over the lows in average collegiate time and has possibilities near the front in the high hurdles. Other cinder men on the squad with high expectations include Simmons and Luther, quarter-milers, and Murphy in the shot put. League Staudiugs NATIONAL LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. New York 19 4 .826 Pittsbui'gh 13 10 .565 Cincinnati 13 11 .542 Chicago 14 12 .538 St. Louis 11 12 .478 Boston 10 11 .476 Brooklyn 10 17 .370 Philadelphia 5 16 .238 Yesterday’s Results New York, 6; Chicago, 5. (12 innings) St. Louis, 2; Brooklyn, 1. Cincinnati, 13; Philadelphia, 1. Boston, 1; Pittsburgh, 0.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
Boston
... 16
8
.667
Cleveland
.. 16
9
.640
New York
... 14
9
.609
Washington
... 16
12
.571
Detroit
.. 10
13
.435
Chicago
.... 8
11
.421
Philadelphia
7
15
.318
St. Louis
.... 7
17
.292
Yesterday’s Results Cleveland, 5; Philadelphia, 1. All other games postponed rain.
Good Snapshots start with a KODAK
It>;
rs time to give serious
thought to those spring and suminer snapshots fust around the corner. Shoot with a camera that’s best equipped to do the job right. That calls for a Kodak, of course; and bright, new up-to-the-minute Kodaks are always
featiured by us at prices from only $5. Come in and give us an idea of the pictures you want. We’ll gladly show you several Kodaks that will get them; The wide range from which you may make a selection makes it easy to choose a model at your price.
518-520 Main St.
DECKER’S
Phone 6477
Wards 13, 2X Play Today For Championship Ward 13 and Ward 2X will clash today in the championship game of the ward baseball tournament on diamond 5, intramural field. Both teams are undefeated so far this season. Members of the winning squads will be presented with keys. Bevaney, who has brought Ward 2X through their schedule undefeated will pitch while Barrett will do the catching for the 2X squad. Kumpf will probably serve on the mound for Ward 13 with .Johnson holding down the catching job. Frosh To Compete For Golf Numerals The freshman-varsity golf medal play off which was postponed last Saturday, is scheduled for next Saturday and will start at 2 p.m. at the West Lafayette Club. The tournament is for 18 holes, and the men making the best scores will receive their numerals. Five or six men will receive their numerals this year. Varsity Coach Jack Bixler said yesterday. The play will be under the supervision of “Chief” Clevett and Bixler, who will be on hand to see what the prospects are for next year’s team. So*far 13 boys have entered in the meet; in order of starting they are: E. E. Butler, R. A. Hoffer, W,, F. Hartnett, A. E. Smith, D. S. Campbell, A. E. Evers, T. 0. Marshall, R. Gunn, R. M. Kolb, R. C. Jones, J. S. Green, F. T. Sarginson, and L. G. Lefforge.
WSGA Picks 120(Continued from page 1) ganna McLain, Madge Niemeyer, Frances Raebig, Janet Roper, Louise Schickler, Ella Lou Sexon, Ann Sickman, Shirley Shepherd, Helen Steffee, Mary Lou Swaney, Virginia Tislow, Marie Wetzel, Betty Wickard, Sarah P. Wynn, Ruth Zimmerman. Freshmen counselors who will meet on Thursday are Betty Ainsworth, Martha Avery, Jean Bailey, Georgianna Baker, Ester Beil, Lois Blow, Elizabeth Cadison, Katherine Cooley, Melba Davidson, Lucy Demarest, Barbara Dobson, Phyllis Dunn, Joan Edson, Georgia Elliott, Barbara Gibbs, Ruth Glunt, Ruth Hall, Peggy Hamilton, Dorothy Hardin. Pat Henry, Betty Hixon, Jeanne Horwitz, Bonita House, Dorothy Johnson, Betty Klein, Althea Jorgeson, Virginia Laramore, Caroline Lemon, Charlotte Lochner, Florence Merriell, Sally McKee, Mary McLaughlin, Sara Alice McIntosh, Georgianna Pittman, Marjorie Poor, Katherine Pultz, Freida Rieckers, Eva Robertson, Barbara Roderick, Georgann Schilling, Annester Singer, Muriel Smith, Caroline Scott, Mary Townsend, Eleanor Turner, Marian White, Ruth Wiley, Martha Wood, Janette Morris, Edna Schwab and Mary Cooley.
Chi Epsilon...
. . . national civil engineering honorary, electecf the following officers at its meeting in room D of the Union last night: Fred Farr, Hamilton, O., president; R.M. Thornton, Goshen, vice-president; F. C. Moses, Indianapolis, secretary; P. C. Toy, Chicago, 111., treasm-e; and L. E. Gregg, Rushville, Associate Editor of the Transit.
When You Break Window Glass Call us for prompt and efficient replacement. We also carry a full line of PITTSBURGH PAINTS and a complete new stock of WaD Papers. Huneck's Glass & Paint Co.
mMaIn
PkonsSUl^ K'^
llllil jl JIJ ilL ^
JCacaL ddlA,
Adriance To Talk On Whinery Officiates For
Senior Employment E. H. Adriance and Miss Irma Gloyd of Ell Lilly and Company will g-ive an employment lecture for seniors toinoiion at 4 p. m. in the faculty loiimre of the Union Building. AdiiaiKC IS supervisoi of the peisoniiel dcpaitment and Miss Gloyd IS in chaise of nomen’s employment foi then company in Indianapolis. They nill address the sen101 s oil "Hon to Secuie Employment," and on the kind of training and ptisons Eli Lilly and Company needs. The same afteinoon, from 1:30 to 3'30. Adiiance and Miss Gloyd mil intern tn -enioi men and women ■who wish individual appointments. Am stnioi interested may sign up foi apiiointinents in Dean Enders’ oihce ill Stanley Coulter Hall. Forestry Ciub Presents Award To Waiters, Shows Naval Stores Piefyres Chailes S. 'Walteis, Knightstown, wa« piesented mth the letiring piesident^' awaid at the regular meetins: of the Forestry Club held last night in the Hoiticulture Building The club gave the new award, a small gavel, foi Walters’ outstanding voik 111 the club during his pi esidency. Final plans for the Foiestws’ Field Day on Saturday were also completed at the meeting. Officials uige all r\ho plan on attending to meet at the Horticulture Building at 1 p. m. Saturday. Mam feature of the program was a motion picture about the history of the Xa\al Stores Industry in the South. Mr. 0. M. Davenport of the Foiestry staff gave a talk with the movie, explaining the action of some of the sequences. Zimmer Elected Captain Of Scabbard and Blade Cadet Second Lieutenant R. C. Zimmer, ME ’39, Dayton, 0., was elected Captain of the University ROTC’s regiment of Scabbard and Blade, national military honorary, at a meeting in the reception room of the Union yesterday afternoon. Other officers chosen at the meeting were Fust Lieutenant, R. B. Coen, ME ’39, South Bend; Second Lieutenant, L. L. Tieece, ME ’39, Lafayette; and Fust Sergeant, D. R. Vance. ME ’39, Noblesville. Copies of the latest Scabbard and Blade Journal were distributed, and volunteers were called for to participate in the Memorial Day exercises.
Summer Employment For Students The Circulation and Sales Division of the publishers of Good Housekeeping’, Cosmopolitan, Harper’s Bazaar and Pictorial Review offers an unusual opportunity for summer employment to students interested in selling experience to act as sales representatives and crew managers. The work is under contract for a period of twelve weeks providing for a weekly' salary, transportation expenses and a minimum bonus of $175.00 at the end of the twelve week period. Address inquiries to J. A. Moran, Room 1008, 326 We&t Madison St., Chicago, Illinois.
Wesley Players' Initiation Methodist students’ dramatic organization, Wesley Players, initiated 10 new members at services held last Sunday evening at the Foundation house. Edith Whinery, newly elected president of the society, was in charge of the ceiemonies. Initiates ai’e: Frances E. Baker, Hugh S. Deale, Don Faust, Opal E. George, Jane E. Hall, Russell C. Luke, Bob M. Lumpkin, Frances S. Rae, Melba E. Tooker, Fairie M. Totten. Honorary piembers are Mr. and Ml s. J. B. Hall and Mrs. E. F. Smith. Repoitb on the Wesley conference held on the campus last week-end, which was attended by Jean Wilson, national president, concluded the meeting. Dinner Parly Honors Prof. James Hoffman Pi of. James D. Hoffman, retiiing head of the practical mechanics depaitment, was honored at a dinner party m the faculty lounge of the Union, Monday evening, by a group of 76 persons composed of departmental members and their wives, and guests. Dean A. A. Potter, toastmaster at the dinner, honored the long services of Pi of, Hoffman by presenting him with a leather travelingbag in behalf of the department. Prof. C. W. Beese, successor to Prof. Hoffman, also attended the dinner. Musical selections and group singing of old fashioned songs concluded the piogram.
—Today— 11:00—American Institutions, Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:50—Puidue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks 12:15—Spoits Review, Bob Heine. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Market & Weather Reports. 1:00—Meditations, Rev. Marion Nollen. 1:15—“I Want a Job.” 1:30—The Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Wanita Wilson, soprano. 2:00—Asher Booth, baritone. 2:15—This Week in Literature, A. R. Rolfs. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—-Hymn Echoes, Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 3:00—Home Decorator. 3:15—The Ameiican Scene. 3:30—Music with the Masters. 4:00—Reflections. 4:15—Maurice Campbell, tenor. 4:30—Concert Review.
We SPECIALIZE in ELECTION BALLOTS Lafayette Printing Company 511-517 Ferry Phone 7828
CAST that FIFTY CENTS to Deac Southworth Of the Union Desk
for your
Summer Session PURDUE EXPONENT
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
OiatkoA,
Wednesday, May 18, 1938
Women’s Athletics
Red Cross Red Cross credit in the standard first aid course has been gi-anted to 35 gills who have just completed the first year one-hour course, under Miss Lillian Russell of the women’s physical education department. The following girls are now entitled senior Red Cross First Aiders: Mona Balcom, Etta Best, Vu’ginia Blank, Ei-nestine Brown, Rita Bush, Mary Clymer, Josephine Cook, Frances Doyle, Charlotte Fredrickson, Flora Holt, Catherine Himes, Mary Holtman, Eleanor IIgenfiitz. Pearl Jackson, Kathleen Jewett, and Marietta Johnson. Jean Kaufman, Alice Keeley, Mary Knapp, Elizabeth Maier, Janet Major, Kathryn Merritt, Edna Moore, Jeanette Morriss, Dora Mae Patterson, Mary L. Riley, Martha Schroder, Jeanette Shaffer, Mabel Smith, Emily Tubbs, Rosemary Vandiver, Virginia Wakelman, Anna M. Walter, Wilma Wierenga, and Mary Wolber. During the semester the members of the class gave fiist aid demonstrations before the pharmacy convention, and both groups of state police. Archery “Mixed archery tournament for men and women will be tomorrow afternoon. May 19 at 4:00 on. the women’s archery range. “There will be regular Columbia rounds, and clout shooting,” said Mona Balcom, head of women’s archery. Equipment may be checked out of both the men’s and women’s gymnasiums.
Airport, Legion(Continued from page 1) held in the morning. This is scheduled to start at 9:30 and will include both rubber band and motorpowered planes, as well as scale models. A deadline for entries has been set at 5 t*. m. today at Decker’s where rules for the contest may be obtained. More than 50 planes have already been entered in the rubber band and motor powered divisions, and about 150 have been entered in the scale model division. Lunch will be served on the Airport grounds by the American Legion Auxiliary. Concessions will be under the auspices of Post No. 11, American Legion, and Captain L. I. Aretz, Purdue Airport Operations Manager, Roy Acheson and John Rosser, of the American Legion, are in charge of the meet.
Sold exclusively in Lafayette by ABC Shoe Co.
412 Main
Phone 2001
Co-ed ^Snoopers’ Banquet Tonight Facts about the private lives of every senior woman will be disclosed to all other senior co-eds attending the “Snoopers” banquet this evening at 6 p. m.Tn the Home Economics Building cafeteria. “Snoopers” have been busy the past few days delving into the lives of all senior women, so that all the gossip will be the latest. At the conclusion of the banquet, the identity of these “snoopers” will be rqvealed. Various awards will be made to deserving senior women. Included in the list of prizes are a wedding ring, thimble, pin cushion, lily, shovel, horse shoe, apple, pipe, fishing pole, trumpet, string, and a can of sardines. Jeanne Perkins is in charge of arrangements for the banquet. She will be assisted by Mary Alice Masters, Jean Stiles, and Kathryn Ann Cromer.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ehersholf, 606 Main street.
WANTED—Capable student to organize a boarding club for summer term. Call in person at 6 Waldron.
FOR SALE — Summer formal with black Palm Beach trousers. Also Model T Ford. Both bargains. Call Chismas 2670.
FOR RENT—3 large rooms furnished, lo'Wer front apt.; newly decorated; electric refrigeration, private balth, city heat, utilities. 10 weeks. 615 North 7th.
University Notices No Noticoa Accepted After 8 p. m.
PIA Beginners and Advanced Dance Classes: Dance ■will be held Friday, May 20 at 9 p. m. in Duncan Hall. You will be admitted upon presentation of your dance class card. —CLYMER.
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting in YWCA office at 4 o’clock, Wednesday, May 18. —KLEIN.
WSGA Executive Board: Meet in WSGA office, Wednesday, May 18 at 7 :46 p. m. —LEAMESTG.
Pi Tau ^igma: The golf match with the faculty has been postponed until Thursday, May 19. Meet at 4 p. m. on that day in front of the Mechanical Building. Twen-ty-one men are needed so call me at 2004 if you wish to play. —McCauley.
Senate Petitions: Petitions may be turned in at the Senate office until 6:30 p. m. Friday, May 20. —ELLIOTT.
Gimlet: Dinner meeting Wednesday, May 18, at 6:16 p. m , at the Delta Upsilon house. Elections will be held. —BROWN.
Purdue Motorcyclists: Regular weekly meeting Thursday, May 19 at 7 o’clock in room F of the Union. Important that all be there piomptly. Election of officers. —GLENN.
Chinese Students Club: There will be a meeting of the Club Saturday, May 21, in room C of the Union Building at 1 p. m. It is important that all members be present. —SOO-HOO.
Archery Tournament: Shooting should be finished Wednesday, May 18 if possible. If not, see Miss Russell or Mona Balcom. —BALCOM.
Flying and Glider Clubs: Open meeting in the reception room of the Union on Wednesday, May 18, at 7 :30. Lieut. Brown of the Army Air Corps will speak on blind flying. —SKINNER.
Dairy Club: Dairy students please sign up at the bulletin board in Smith Hall before Saturday, May 21, if you are planning to attend the dairy picnic Saturday. —MYERS.
Varsity Trackmen: Debris pictures postponed until Tuesday, May 24. —ROPER.
FOR SALE—Flower shop, two greenhouses, with duplex adjoining, five-car garage; estabiished 22 years; iocated in centrai Indiana. Exceiient bargain for $3,000 cash, remainder in payments. Address repiies to P. 0. Box 226, Lafayette, Indiana.
Stage-Stump-Studio: No banquet tickets will be sold after 5 p. m. Wednesday, May 18. Tickets are available at Playshop office in Fowler Hall, speech office, and radio station office —MILNE.
WAA Social Committee: Will the following girls please be in Miss Brady’s office Thursday, May 19 at 4 o’clock; C. Scott, M. Wetgel, V. Beck, B. Roderick, M. L. Riley. —DANIEL.
Co-op House: Everyone interested in organizing a men’s cooperative house next year, meet at the Wesley Foundation house 435 State Street, Thursday, May 19, at 8:30 p. m. —LUDBERG.
Fraternity Presidents: Fraternity presidents council meeting Thursday, May 19 at 7 o’clock in room D of the Union, for election of officers. —GRAHAM.
Tau Beta Pi: Initiations postponed until next week. (5-21) —MUSHAM.
PERSON—Taking notebook by mistake in Biology Building rest room please call 56182. Elizabeth Bratton.
Playshop: Check your hours in playshop office by Thursday, May 19, between 4 and 5 o’clock. —BREWER.
Flying Club Members: Those who haven’t turned in their dance tickets and money please do so at the meeting Wednesday, May 18. —MALIK.
Exponent Editorial Freshmen: Turn your night preferences and your examination schedules in to my box before Friday, May 20. —HARDIN.
Lafayette Philatelic Society: Meeting at 7 :30 p. m. in the Historical Museum Wednesday, May 18. —MILLER.
LOST—A Reamer cap in Heavilon Hall. If found please call Hal Gripe. Telephone 45102.
Freshman Exponent Co-eds: All freshmen co-ed workers who wish to work next year meet Wednesday, May 18, at 4 in the Exponent office. Any other freshmen co-ed interested in working come to the office at this time. —McKEE.
Senate: Will all junior senators and any interested senator meet in the Senate office at 1 p. m., Saturday, May 21, to hear information concerning NSFA. —ELLIOTT.
Debris Juniors and Sophomores: Obtain petition blanks in Debris office Wednesday, May 18. They must be returned completely filled out by Friday, May 20. —LIGHT.
BETTY GRABLB •.. dancing slat (.with JACKIE COOGAN) oi Paramount'* "CoUege Swin^ , . , appearing with Georga Burnt, Gracia Allen, Martha RayCfBob Hope, Edward Everett HortoOiBenBlua
NO SUMMER SCHOOL
ever was uneventful. Many of your fellow students will be seen in Bold and Black—may be even your room mate, or that certain coed. Yes, Campus Actiivties will continue in full swing — and many others are planned. Know when to come to the Campus and get in on the dances and other good times. If you can't be here in person, do the next best by yourself . . . order the SUMMER SESSION EXPONENT delivered to your door. Fifty cents for the entire summer mailed anywhere. Deac, Southworth's or the Union Desk will gladly help you with this matter. ^ Summer Session Edition
the PURDUE EXPONENT