Wm Address Sempr Go-eds Noted WOman Physiciah Speaks In Union Building Toniglit “The Physical Aspects of Marriage” will be the subject of Dr. Elizabeth K. Strauss, Ghicago psychiatrist and physician, when she addresses the senior co-eds in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building tonight at 7 o’clock. This is the first of a series of four lectures being- sponsored by W. S. G. A. for senihr co-eds only. Schedule cards are not necessary as the list of seniors will be checked at the door. The second lecture will be held next Tuesday, with Dr. Lucia Towers as the speaker; the third is planned for Feb. 25, with Dr. Mary Morgan Lee giving the address. The date for the ihst talk of the series, which will be given by a Chicago man, has not been definitely set. :
Martin NameMixup Explained; J, F. Soles, C, Smith
0. “Lefty” Martin, Alpha Gamma Rhp, rather thstri G. jW. Martin, is a candidate for Prom committee. A typo^aphical error caused the mistake in names in yesterday’s Exponent. Upon the loss of Chasteeh and Hulse through ineligibility, the group with which they were affiliated has filled out its ticket again With J. F. Soles and Cloyd D. Smith who w:ere running independently.
wm Irwin TeUs Story Otpyopagarida At
Band
Culprits Again. Tamper With Exponent Type - The second in a series of incidents in which someone has invaded the upper sanctums of the Exponent office and deleted or inserted type occured early yesterday morning when it was discovered that the line which was referred to in a previous story-^namely, “There must be Gould in them thar Prom . he’s running it again.”—-had been taken out and the squib was made to read, “There must be Stone , . evidently meant as a pun on Frank Stone, president of the Student Senate; The item was “re corrected” When it was noticed by those in charge that the line was was set in a slightly different type. ....Exponent’s type mass is set in eight point Century, and the “counterfeit” closely approached that, but it showed different characteristics. The machine on which it was set used older matrices than those of the LaFayette Typesetting Co., at which place the Exponent work is done. Thief At Work This one note in Bold and Black has caused more controversy than any similar occurance in the mempry of those now on the staff. The first incident occured Monday night when there was an entire deletion. The stolen type was later returned by Don Beggs, Student Union exec-
utive.
In Lafayette, there are but three places that operate linotype machines. A hasty'check-up of operators did not reveal information entirely to the satisfaction of the Exponent so that the event could be fully publicized. The probe will be continued.
Final Musical Gonvo Feb. 20 Feiiermann, Cellist; MiMaeir, Piamist, Wil ■ GiveComcert: . Emanuel Feuermann,d istinguished Austrian cellist and Poldi Mildner, of Vienna, one of the greatest piano virtuosos of the day, although only nineteen years old, will appear in the fourth and last musical convocation in the Memorial Gymnasium, Thursday, Feb. 20. Emanuel Feuermann, still in his early thirties, was pronounced one of the greatest cellists pf all time by leading authorities following his first American tour last season. Feuermann studied first under his father^ a gifted cellist, making his debut at the age of eleven vrith the Vienna Symphony Orchestra. When only sixteen he was called to a pro fessorship at the Conservatory of Music in Cologne and since that time has appeared in the greatest symphony orchestras in, Europe. Feuermann made his American de but last season as guest artist with the New York Philharmonic Sym phony Orchestra, under the direction of Bruno Walter. ' Poldi Mildner Poldi Mildner, christened Leopoldine, a charming and shy young girl of nineteen, was born in Vienna during the late war and has been playing the piano since she was three years old. Studying first under her aunt, she was declared a child prodigy by the time she was eight. Continuing her instruction in the face of the opposition of her father who objected to his daughter becoming a professional pianist, Poldi made her first public appearance at the age of eleven, playing a Beethoven sonata. j Since that time she has made appearanc^es all over Europe and created a sensation wherever she played. Poldi practices three hours each morning and two in the afternoon. The rest of her day is spent studying and giving or attending
concerts.
I This is the fourth American tour for this remarkable young lady who explains her success in one simple sentence, “In all my life, I have thought of nothing except music.”
Scrivener, Literary Puhlicatmn, Conceived By Professor Cummings
By M. G. Walther The origin of the Scrivener, literary student publication of the University, may be traced directly to Professor F. A- Cummings of the English department. Before discussing the beginning of this magazine, let us consider this man who Was responsible for it. Professor Cummings has a distinguished and professorial appearance. He is of about average height and his build ip slight. Of a nervous type, he is, arid strikes one as being, acutely sensitive to what is beautiful—in literature^ art, and music. He enjoys poetry, is a good singer, and yet his interests are not narrowed to the arts. He plays golf, enjoys athletic contests, especially baseball and football, And he likes athletes. Can Engineers Write? During his first years at Purdue, the professor had nursed the idea of having manuscripts written by his students publishefd*, many of
these students he believed had literary talent. His idea caused little enthusiasm among his unsympathetic colleagues. Engineers couldn’t write, no one expected|them to, and that’s all there was to it. Still he clung to his belief. It was during these years that an annual statewide literary contest for college students was held in Indiana. In one of these contests the professor entered prose and poetry written as class exercises by some of his students. His faith in them was vindicated. In competition with students in liberal arts schools through the state, Purdue writers took three prizes. He had proved his point. The fengineers and scientists could and would write. Each year after that manuscripts from Purdue were entered in the contest, and each year they won prizes. Refusal to concede his point had rewarded the profes-
sor in full.
(Continued on page 4)
■, ..Shows: How Editprs^^^ fluence Public Opinioii Through News “Probably tbe most cultivated of you here is less indebted to his formal education than to his reading in the newspapers”, thus Will Irwin, brilliant editorial observer, addressed a near capacity audience at the sixth all-Universijty convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall last night. “The wise editor”, he added, “is subconsciously building up your picture of the world and gradually edging you towards the ripinions he wants you to form”. Following his introduction by Pres. E. C. Elliott, Mr. Irwin related the history of propaganda from the discovery of the possibilities of new|s,-^tiie dissemination pf the happenings of the world—by James Gordon Bennett, American journalist, about 1830, to
the present.
Freedom of Press “I think the greatest guarantee we have today that we Will not be subjected to dictatorship or tyranny lies in the first amendment to the constitution: ‘Congress shall not pass laws abridging the power of the press’,” said Mr. Irwin. The American press is the only free one in the world, he said, and although a great many people criticize the “undue infiuence” of advertisers, in the beginning they were the real reason for the free dom of the press in the United States, and its comparative freedom in the British' Empire. (Continued on page 4) . WSGA Will Hold.^ Mass Meeting : In Union Today. Important amendments to the constitution and by-laws and the freshman elections will be the main features of the W. S. G.-A. mass meeting, to be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the women’s loUnge of the Memorial Union Building. Changes suggested by the executive board will include a change in the organization of the executive board and a change in the time of installing new members of the judi-
cial board.
Committee Changes In the by-laws, various standing committees will be added and some elimiriated, while a change, in the make-up of the committee for nominating officers will be suggested. This committee, if revised, will include a faculty member, who. will be without voting power, three seniors, including the president, with the chairmanship to be held by a senior other than the president, two juniors, one sophomore, and one freshman. The committee will be appointed by the president, subject to the approval of -the executive
board.
Not less than two or more than three candidates will be selected for the president by the nominating committee and two candidates for each of the other offices. Any co-ed is eligible for an office, and additional names may be given at the regular mass meeting within one week dfter nominations are announced. • By today at 4 o’clock, the names of all co-eds interested in holding W. S. G. A. offices, committee chairmanship or sub-chairmanship, next year must be handed in to Helen
Hall.
S p e ak Eiit^ained By Si giua Delta tlhi.
Student Union
Will Irwin, oh his way to attend the reception, given in his horior last evening by the Studerit Unibri, stopped for a fey? minutes to answer the questions of ■interested students. When asked if he didn’t think that women, because of their reputation as gossips, would make better propagandists than mbhj rie chuckled - and answered that he found Women did not gossip any more than did men. “You see, I’ve belonged to men’s clubs all my
life,” he said.
It seemed timely tp ask whether he believed that propaganda was successful in such a small group as that of a codege. Mr. Irwin was of the opinion that college politics and propaganda are a small scale of the real thing. He heartily admitted that he was in the very midst of politics in his college days as editor of Stanford student daily. At this point he was hurried away to the faculty lounge where the Student Union gave a reception in Ms
loga®?.
Banquet Members of Sigma Delta Chi and guests entertained Mr. Irwin at a formal dinner which was held before convocation at the Embassy club. Following the dinner, Mr. Irwin gave a short address in which he spoke of the differences between newspapers of Ms younger days and modern tinies. Newspapers were formerly made up of editorials, he said, with just enough news material thrown in to sell the paper, but today, because of the huge costs involved in production, publishing syndicates are controlled by business men who give little attention to policies, but are more concerned with the finances. Mr. Irwin was formerly a star reporter on the New York Sun and during that time, he said, employees received larger salaries than they do at the present time, in spite of the increasiilg costs of living. Mr. Irwin continued the comparison, but his time was cut shoi't due to the lateness of the hour.
Jimmy Lunceford, leader of the colored “swing band” which will play here for the mixer on Saturday, March 7.
Second Emj^loyment Lecture Tomorrow At the second employment lecture of the year for seniors, at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon in Eliza Fowler Hall, David E. Ross will speak on “Measuring Success”. President Elliott gave the introductory talk of the series last Thursday on “Friendly Breaks”. The series of seven lectures will be held each Thursday afternoon through March 19.
Betas, PM Belts, Sigs To Hold Dance Beta Theta Pi, Phi Delta Theta, and Sigma Chi fraternities will hold their annual formal Miami Triad dance Friday in the Union ballroom with Dick Shelton furnishing the music. Shelton, a University of Illinois favorite, has played here be-
fore.
The three above named frater-, nities compose the Miami Triad, which was founded at Miami University, Oxford, Ohio. Two Triad dances are held every year by the three fraternities. The first one is the Triad Pledge dance held early in the fall. About 160 couples are expected to attend the affair which will be closed. PIAToHold Valentine Dance A Valentine tea dance will be given tomorrow for P. I, A. members and their dates iii the Union ballroom from 4 till 6. A public address system and recordings will furnish music for the dancers, while card games will be provided for those not desiring to dance. Attractive prizes for the winners at Cards have been selected, according to R. H. Schlundt, who is in charge of the dance. Decorations will carry out the Valentine theme and admittance will be made by P. I. A. membership card.
Dr. Silver To Talk At Gonvo Rabhi Will Deliver Religious Address \ . Dr. Abba H. Silver, rabbi of The Temple, Cleveland, Chio, since 1917, and spiritual leader of one of the largest Jewish congregations in America, will deliver the sixth University religious convocation, that will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall, Sunday morning. The title of Dr. Silver’s address will be “Some Aberrations of Our Day”. Rabbi Silver comes to the University with a wide experience in preaching to university students, havirig served as university minister at Harvard, Brown University, Syracuse University' and the Universities of Michigan, Minnesota, Iowa, Louisiana, Cincinnati, and
Oberlin.
Wide Awake A man who is wide awake to the great social arid economic problems of his day. Rabbi Silver has been actively engaged in civic welfare for a number of years. He served on President Hoover’s Unemploymept Relief Commission and was one of the framei's of the Unemployment Insurance 'Bill of Ohio. He has also been a member of many other commissions, and committees dealing with problems of national importance. Although boi-n in Lithuania at Neuistadt, Schirwindt, Dr. Silver received his education in this country. He received a B. A. degree from the University of Cincinnati, and has since had the degrees pf D. D. and Litt. D. conferred tipon
him.
Interviewed II Duce While on Sabbatical leave in 1932-33, Rabbi Silver made a tour of study of the countries of Europe, during which time he inter viewed Mussolini, Pi'esident Masaryk, of Czechoslovakia, and other 'Continued on page 4)
Gaimers Open Ninth Annual Gonference T. R. Johnston, Carlos Campbell Speak At Ini* : :.tial Session /- v Canners from all over Indiana with delegations from both Hlinois and Ohio met yesterday at the University for the openingpf the ninth annual conference for canners and field mien. The program opened with a talk on “Puohcity for Indiana Canned Foods”, by T. R. Johnston, director of publicity for the University, and by a talk by Carlos Campbell, Washington, D. C., On statistics for the canning industry. Campbell is with the National Can-
ners’Association.
Hold Individual Sessions While the eannefs were in their opening session, the field men for the various caimeries held their session. They heard Prof. C. B. Sasnre, formerly of the University staff, but now on the New York, state experiinent station staff at Geneva, N. Y., talk on methods of applying fertilizer to canning crops, and a general round table discussion on plants and plant gro^ng, with Dr. R. W. Samson, head of the botany department; L. M. Goodwin, of the American Can Company, at Baltimore; E. R. Lancashire, formerly of Purdue, but now with the Continental Can Company at Chicago; Paul Ulman, assistant state entomologist, and H. M. Stingle, of the Hall Stingle Company, Waterloo, Ind., as the speakers. Approximately 500 attended the annual “Sons of the Soil” banquet last night in the Union Building. H; H. Eickhoff, of the Van Camp Company, at Indianapolis, acted as toastmaster and the principal address was given by Dean J. H. Skinner, of Purdue. R. R. Fraser awarded medals to 551 grower’s in the U. S. Won Tomato club and the trophy awarded to the factory with the best U. S. Won club record went to Kemp Bros., pf Frankfort. Kenneth N. Rider, of Trafalgar, state president, niade this award. The conference will continue today with discussions of various problems of production and market-
ing.
Green Potters ToHold Election Green Potters, temporary freshman organization, will hold a meeting next Tuesday for the purpose of electing permanent officers and adopting the constitution which will make them a permanent student group. The constitution was recently adopted by the faculty and Student Senate in their last meeting. All freshmen will have a vote in the election and are urged to be present. One hundred present will constitute a quorum for the election. E. F. Masori, chairman. Will be in charge.
Union Freshmen To Meet All freshmen interested in Union work are urged to attend the meeting in the reception room today at 4 o’clock. At this time, following an explanation of the organization, the freshmen will be assigned to the various staffs.
“Every driver of an automobile should school himself to guide his car by watching the right hand edge of the pavement instead of the black center line, for his own safety and those with him and also for the sake of the car coming from the opposite direction,” declared H. M. Jacklin, professor of automotive engineering, in a recent address at the University. “The practice of guiding the vehicle and using the black center line as a reference is wrong, because the driver will unconsciously do the same thing at night when he will be looking directly into the headlights of the approaching car. It is just as easy to learn to drive with the right side of the paving as your guide as it is to use the center line.” Personal Observation Prof. Jacklin reported a personal observatiori he made last summer in about 1,200 miles of driving, in which he met 1,830 cars on the highway. Of this number, 317, or
17.32 per cent of the passenger cars were on the black line or over it, on his side of the highway. JacMin overtook and passed 160 passenger vehicles, 51 of which were I'iding the center line or were actually on the left side of the road .with at least two wheels. Of these 51 drivers, at least 40 held their positions when he signalled to pass and then actually passed them. During the last half of his investigation, Prof. Jacklin kept a separate i-ecord of the trucks and busses. He met 128 trucfe, 12 of wMch were on his side of* the highway, or only 9.4 per cent. He overtook and passed 15 trucks, only one of which was on the wrong side of the highway. Conclusions Here are the conclusions he reached: that truck drivers in general are better drivers than sire passenger car drivers! that ahont (Continued on page 4)
' '4 f
' '-Kili-
Member of National CoIIesre Press Aasociatioil, Big: Ten Editorial Association BzclQsiTely Beijresented by National Advertising: Service, Inc. d20 Madison Avenue, New York City.
. Entered as second class matter at the post .office, Lafayette, Indiahji. Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.50 per year; sold by single cOpy, 2 cents. "'T'..':'' ■■ MAIN DFFICE-rS12 North Fifth Street ^ Bisiness Phone 6038 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publicfttibh Df Ptirdtie University
Editor-in-Chief... Managing Editor^ Associate Editors.. Sports Editor Associate Sporia Editors Sophomore Assistants................. C. Harper, '^Id and Black Editor..
EDlTOBIAli STAFF
.....H. V. HeuSer
C. H. Campbell
A, M. Chasteisn, C. M. Hardin, W. T. Hunt, E. H. Morris, M, G. Walther B. Hays
D. F. Mull, R. H. Walpole, D. D. Wood K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, R. L. Cribb, A. H. Forster, Jr., M. Kohr, R. P. Manibn, D. M. Meacham, C, h. Sadler
G. F. ROquemore, R. C. Schenck, J. L. VonHarz
.W. R. Abbott
Business Manager.. Advertising Manager... Advertising Assistants..
BUSINESS STAFF . . ^ ..W. A. Koch ..JH. F. Antonini L. H. Brown, R Creek, D. C. Miller
Editor.. Associate Editors Advertising Manager...
WOMEN’S STAFF / . . Joyce Williams Helen Creech, Edna Hutsbn, Ellen Mann ..Josephine Perkins
Wednesday, February 12, 1936.
■Issue —C. L. Sadler.
.Healthy Babies Or Suffering IncuraMes?
The problem of mercy killing has usually been discussed from the point of the possible benefit to the sulferer, and very seldom from the point of possible benefit to the taxpayer. Recently in New York, Dr. Charles F. Potter, president and founder of the first humanist society of that city, suggested that incurable imbeciles in New York state be executed and the money used to support them be expended in aiding homeless and indigent children. Dr. Potter advocated the use of lethal chambers for the execution, and recommended that one of the criteria used to determine those to die be severe pain. “I think mercy killing is justified in certain instances,” he declared. In New York alone approximately $30,000,000 is spent each year to keep thousands of incurable imbeciles alive. The diversion of this enormous sum for the betterment of children
make them better and more useful citizens when they reach maturity. If such a policy were adopted throughout the nation,
This plan would not only bear the stamp of approval of advocates of mercy killing, but to a lesser degree, receive the
sterilized. On the other hand, the objections to any form of mercy death would still be valid. Regardless of the merits of Dr. Potter’s proposal,; it should provide a subject for much consideration.-—W. T.H.
Get Yoiir Sleep
Prof. Thomas A. Langlie, head of the Wesleyan University psychology department, offered an interesting bit of advice to ^1 college students in a recent newspaper article. He said: “Take it easy the evening before an examination and get your full quota of sleep. Go to the examination room relaxed as you would go to an athletic contest. It is easier to reason and to remember in the state of relaxation than when one is trying too hard. That inhibits proper functioning of the mihd.” Translated in the language of the fraternity house. Professor Langlie’s words are: “Don’t cram.” Those words constitute good advice, not only for college students but also for adults whose positions require strenuous mental labor. Hard work is the first essential to success, but it is not the whole story. Rest and relaxation should have a prominent place in the picture.—-A. M. C.
A couple 6f knowing seniors will rip off a column tomorrow so beware of what you say about Prom, etc. .,, tii6y babe eveti)^ ; “OUR She jWas a peach from Carolina j A honey froitt tlie Iputh. And the Campus called her “rumor” ’Gauste she went from montb t6; ;' iMwtk —Pertinacious. ; Grad: “Did you know John’s wife divorced bini ?” Stude: “No. How much money did she get?” Grad: “Fm not sure, but she probably got alimony she could!” •—^By Jinks. A man at the University of Minnesota found his name to he a source of great confusion to all concerned. His name was Marion. The limit was reached when he received a letter from the Dean of Women inquiring about his rooming conditions. He answered in these words: “Dear Deanie: “I am rooming over in the men’s dorm, and the boys are just darling.” —Illini. Kappa Ritcney slept with a rose under her pillow after the Interfratemity Ball. Says she: “Don’t JUMP at conclusions.” My Anna went over the ocean. My Anna went over the sea, Who’s going to bring back My Anatomy? —-Space filler. , When they kiss and make up, she gets the kiss and he gets the make-up. —George Storm.
WITH OTHER- EDITORS
Self-Inventories (SyracMse Bally Oramge) Students complain that no matter how they conserve time, they never seem to have enough in which to do a proper amount of studying. A recent New York Times’ article “Undergraduate: A Case Study,” treated on the subject of the student and what he does with his time. The article was based on data collected from 700 students in a mid-western college. It pointed out that the average student spends almost as many hours in aimless occupations as he does in attending classes and studying. He uses about six hours of the day for leisure. Out of 29 forms of leisure time amusements, those favored most by students are “sheer idleness, random conversation, listening to the radio, ‘bull sessions’, drinking, and cruising around the campus in a car.” Outside of dates, the average student uses three and one-half hours of his time per week in dancing and one and one-half hours playing bridge. Contrary to popular belief, very little time is alloted to extra-curricular activities by students, the articles point out. As for cultural activities, such as attending lectures and listening to concerts, the average student finds very little time for them in his crowded week. When ^tudents were asked how they utilized their time, the answers were always vague. Many of the students did not know just what they had done with their time. Are students at Syracuse sterotypes of those depicted in the New York Times or are they different? In a week of seven days there are 168 hours. Out of this total the average student uses 20 for class attendance, 56 for sleeping, and 21 for eating. This leaves 71 hours with which the student may do as he pleases. Out of the 71 hours, at least half of the time should go towards studying and the remaining hours may be used for recreation. Tliese figures should start many students on a self-inven-tory to determine whether or not a proper balance between loafing and making the most out of college has been achieved. The results in most instances will be surprising. The latest exa.mple of fearless journalism comes from Mr. Hearst’s New York Daily Mirror. Under Mr. Brisbane’s guidance the paper has come out fiatly in favor of love.—Misinesola Bally.
Alt C TODAY - TOMORROW WM. POWELL & ROSALIND RUSSELL —in— “RENBEZVOUS” —and— KEN MAYNARD, in “LAWLESS RIBERS”
Family LAST TIMES TODAY
BOUBLE FEATURE
. Jane Withers In “THIS IS THE LIFE” and Byrd’s Second Antarctic Expedition into “LITTLE AMERICA”
Tomorrow r Friday - Saturday Buck Jones in The Ivory Handled Gun*
ible, too. It is metely the skeletoh around which has collected a machine composed of legislative enac-^ tion, precedeht, practice, interpretation, and apiendment. With it we have built a civilization equal to that of the .British, and it has taken us only about one-tenth the time. % Ik It Our Suprfeme Court IS rigid. It is composed, according to newspaper caption, of “nine old men”. Nine old men wl^ haye lived throtxgh an fera in which mankind has made some terrible blunders. Nine old men who have become set in their ways. Nine old men who have passed the day when they will try any-; thing new. Perhaps here is a case Where Ake should give way to Youth. * . ■* ; Those who haVe advocated emancipation of the American Woman should be glad over the events that have transpired along that line during the last twenty years or so. But how far does the average woman want to go ? We have the Amelia Earharts who would place their sex side by side with men in every line of endeavor, hut do the women want that? I don’t believe so. Not in America. Here they still like to make homes and have babies. In the breast of eVery woman lies the dream of a gallant and chivalrous hero. They may want independence, but they don’t want to give up their female prerogatives. And the incompatahility of the two situations is apparent. * *" ■* While Mussolini’s bombing squadrons were raining death and destruction upon Ethiopia, Uncle Sam’s planes were on an errand of mercy, dropping food and provisions upon the snow-bound settlements of Tangier and Smith Islands off Chesapeake Bay. How different the two missions, and how sad that all the knowledge and genius of today cannot he directed toward construction and uplift of human-
Thursday night the newly-or-ganized Discussion Forum meets again, this time to discuss “Contemporary Philosophers”, In referring to last week’s session on “Comparative Religions”, a student said, “But what’s the use? Nothing could have been decided, there could have been no conclusions drawn.” There is only one conclusion in life—-death. No one can: decidiB; anything except in his own mind and a closed mind is tq he abkprredi^^^^ l^ one can say what is right ahd what is wrong. Nietzsche would ,have ifeversed the order. We can only question and wonder and look for Truth. And there is no surety that we have found it, 6r that there is Truth. President Hutchins, of Chicago University, sees education as a means , to inflame the intellect. The
LIMA , LAST TIMES TODAY
Thursday - Friday - Saturday Jackie Cooper in “TOUGH GUY” and RICARDO CORTEZ . ' in--“The Murder of Br. Harrigam”
controversial and stimulating. f'l, , M. G.^alther. ,
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
V : :;THUpmAY only ; . Edtaiilid Ldwe -“The.-Gi’eiSt'.^ Impersonation’*
Contributors Column
I was talking to a man over in town the other day, whose last name sounded familiar. I said to him, “Are you Jack’s father ?” He looked at me for a moment and replied, “No, Jack is my son!” Age and Youth—how egotistical each is. They think in terms of themselves. Age hates to give away to Youth, and Youth hates to think of the onslaught of Age. * * * George Bernard Shaw, the muchdiscussed, has come again to visit America. He has condescended to repeat the sage advice given to us on a previous visit. “Scrap your Constitution,” he says. “You have a good President, but a poor Constitution. As soon as your President puts a good measure into force, your Supreme Court does away with it.” What a mistaken idea the British have of the rigidity of our written Constitution. Theirs is unwritten—a flexible intangible, forming a living government. Ours is flex-
M
ANY lon^
years ago when Adam and Eve were the only human beings on
go-getter”:
in
have to go after what you want or be content to do without...hut,if you wamt to contact the student body at Purdue, you can \do it best
in‘Ki
fillp|i;k E i? >' -' V'i'^'''/k !, J’- I'f w'ir'Iiy!'., ,' .‘ 'i, 'i. , ','-- ' „ li!^ /' .' I 'Z, tit' ‘C-/ ‘ i . -irtBaillV *V;> ' <■ "^ ., ’’ *
,T^ '|?l*i|8'Cl^0c>l''; 'f'l’kck/MeetWi^icoiisili, fertliwestN el% A^d J^artMinen To Taii^l^ ^atui^d'ay W i s c 0 ri s i n ’ s wacfc team will swing ihto action in a triangular mee^ ^th Ptirdiie iind Northwestern ht Ethnston, ^kturday. Both the Wi^feonsin ahk Purdue teams will not be ht their best, Purdue because Co-captain Moore,probably, ■^11 not be able to win because of a nerve injury in his ankle, and Wisconsin beeahse Of their long layoff due to mid-year exams. For the indoor season, Coach Jones of Wisconsin will build his team around eight likely looking men. Heading this group is Captain Farl Kleinschmidt, senior middle distance star and indoor Big Ten champion at the half-mile. Kleinschmidt is an ideal indoor runner, who has speed and can navigate the sharp turns of the smaller turns of the indoor tracks even faster than be can run outdoors. Jack Shideler, who was ineligible for the Butler meet will be back in harness and ready to run the hurdles against Wisconsin’s Jack Kellner, Big Ten 120-yard hurdle champion. Instead of the usual quarter mile rdce, a two mile relay will be run, with ten points being awarded for first place. The Boilermaker relay team will probably consist of Captain Glendenning, Bluemel, Soles iind Terhune.
Ollio Company Loans Latest Type Lathe To Mechanics Department A new lathe of the latest type on the market has been loaned to the University department of practical mechanics for an indefinite period through the courtesy of the Monarch Machine Tool Company, of Sidney, O., and the State Machinery Company, Indianapolis, state distributors. Announcement of the receipt of the lathe was made yesterday by Prof. J. D. Hoffman, head of the department, who stated that the lathe would be used for experimental purposes on cutting of metals and also for student instruction. In addition to the loan of the equipment, C. K. Raber, vice president and sales manager of the State Machinery Company, has been scheduled to deliver a three-day series of lectures each semester to the sophomores on “Lathe Design, Operation] and Commercial Production”.
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbook at the MITZI SANDWICH SHOP 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNEE
ICE SKATES SHARPENED Hollow Ground 25c Pair F, JOS. MULHAUPT & SON Phone 2828 209-11 N. 5th St.
Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A WSK ROBKET G. BISE HAROLD S. BISE LUTHER A ESSE 400 Schultz Bids. PIumm (7M Corner 4th and Iflaln
SPORTS
By 1. A. H. Why not wear asbestos trunks? It does sound sort of silly but there’s one fellow, at least, that is seriously considering it.. . Because his opponent, Abe Stein, had clamped a torturing hold upon him, “Wrestler” Gene -Dubach produced a match from his belt and set fife to Steih’s trunks. Stein shrieked hnd lehp'ed to his feet, beaUng out the flames as the crowd cheered. The referee made Dubach surrei^d--er his supply of matches and the bout was resumed, Stein wihhing. —ss— Last week Dutch Fehring tabulated the results of the Frosh basketeers. Out of 320 tries at the basket, they dropped 130 through the net for a percentage of better than 40%. That’s pretty good shooting and ought to help out on keeping up Purdue’s “Point a Minute” team. —ss— It has been brought to our attention that the Kappa’s are discour aging their pledges from going out for fencing. It must be that the coeds are not as interested in fencing as they are in their instructor, —ss— That new game, Zell-ball, is gaining popularity every day. Yesterday afternoon Munz and Weishaar nearly broke their backs swinging at the ball, for about an
hour.
—ss— Another night of headaches for the townspeople is due tonight when Purdue Golden Gloves team steps into the Lafayette Armory Bill Giles, flashy colored boy who specializes in knockouts will be there to add to his list. —ss— Dutch Fehring is trying out a new idea in Freshman basketball this year. He is not dividing up the squad into two teams as he formerly did but keep them all in a single bunch. In their practice games, a man may start on one team and finish up on the other, Dutch says that this method will give more men a chance to play.
CLASS “A” BASKETBALL Today Court 1, Hutt 7:00—Red vs. Black. 7:15—Blue vs. Orange. 8:25—Ward 8 vs. Ward 15. Court 2, Scrivnor 7:00—White vs. Brown. 7:15—Gray vs. Green. Court 2, Humphrey 7:00—Theta Tau vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 7:15—rPhi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Nu. 8:25—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Delta Chi.
Enroll Tonight 7:30 p. m. Adult Dance Class For Beginners Opens Tonite 7:30 p.ni. New advanced class Feb. 14 Phone 2160
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
Alumnus Will Assume Diities Ilel?e lii Marck Melvin Thube, head football, basketball and baseball coach at Mas-^ s'achusetts State College and former nine letter, ’26 graduate, Will return to the University on March ! 1 to assume the duties of assistant coach in the three major sports. ■Taube, who holds a master’s degree in physical education, will also teach in the physical education
school.
Since his graduation in 1926, he has acted as freshman football and basketball coach at Purdue hnd j as footbnli, bnsketbhll coach nnd athletic director at Marion, Ind., high school. In 1931, he was aj^pointed head football and baseball coach at Massachusetts, two years later assuming the position of basketball mentor. Championship Teams Taube has developed several outstanding teams during his reign at Massachusetts, his 1933-34 basketball team won the New England champienShip. in commenting on the signing of Taube, Atheltic birector Kizer said, “We feel fortunate in obtaining Taube as an addition to our coaching staff. He was selected as a University graduate who has been particularly outstanding in coaching and physical education since graduation.” Housing Work Gains Notice Outstanding Architects Submit Designs Noted architects have submitted designs for the houses now being constructed on the University Housing Research Campus. According to officials of the project, this is an indication of the importance being attached to the solution of the small house problem by the architectural leaders of the country. One of the first houses which will be erected is one from a design that was awarded first prize in a small home competition conducted by the New York chapter of the American Institute of Architects, and was designed by J. Andre Fouilhoux, of New York City, who also designed the Rockefeller Center. Concrete Block House Another small house, being constructed of lightweight concrete blocks, is the product of Holabird and Root, Chicago architects who since 1927 have executed structures worth $130,000,000 and have been awarded numerous medals for their ability in achieving buildings of
merit.
The reinforced concrete house selected for the University project was designed by Burnham Brothers & Hammond, Inc., of Chicago, an organization that has been responsible for a large number of Well known structures, including the Carbide and Carbon Building in Chicago, The organization is recognized as among the oldest architectural firms in America. Wooden Dwelling Another Chicago architectural firm, McNally & Quinn, has contributed its skill in the design of a house being built almost entirely of wood. The same organization is architect for the Decatur, Ind., government subsistence homestead project, and has been responsible for the design of numerous fireproof apartment houses, A house of unusual construction, using wall and floor panels of reinforced brick, is the product of Holsman & Holsman, of Chicago, an organization that has had vast experience in the field of big buildings, including college structures, banks, churches, apartment houses, and residences, and designed the model farm house exhibited at the Century of Progress. Prefabricated House The prefabricated house which has attracted attention is the result of study and research on the part of Howard T. Fisher and John A. Pruyn, eastern architects who have been leaders in the prefabricated field. William Lescaze, a Swiss by birth, who is recognized as one of the foremost exponents of modern architecture in America, designed the house to be constructed with a steel frame and wall covering of Rostone. Lescaze was alsp associated in the design of the 33-story Philadelphia Savings Fund Society’s building, the first completely air-conditioned building of its kind.
<«CAFr. NORM V^NCE—Guari Captain Norm Vance of Northwestern, one of Northwestern’s guards. Vance will try his best to stop the Purdue “Point a Minute’ attack Saturday at the Jeff gym. Ward Swimining Meet Tomorrow The University interward swimming meet will be held tomorrow at 4:15 o’clock. Any one man may participate in three events including the relay. The events in order are: 100 yard free style. 200 yard breast stroke. 160 yard back steoke. 160 yard relay. 40 yard free style. 220 yard free style. Coach Larry LaBree offers to let the different teams report to him for training between the hours of 4 and 6 each day. The winners of these meets will receive medals and , the ward may enter any number of men they care
to.
FencCTsWiil Meet Ohio State Here
Heavy Workout On Program In Prepara-
tion For Buckeyes
After two st^ccessive conference setbacks. Coach Finhey gave his fencers an extra heavy workout yesterday , in an effort to build up his team to face Ohio State Satdrday. Captain Silverman says that the team will make a better showing against Ohio State than they did against Chicago because several members of the team who were lacking experience before, knoW What it feels like to be in a meet and will give a better accoifnt of
themselves.
There is a great deal of interest shown in fencing this year with over a hundred students beirig actively engaged in the sport at the present time. Out of the eighty-five frosh that started, fifty dropped out because of the stiff competition leaving aboht thirty to fi’ght it 6tit between themselves for numerals and sweaters. Last year eight sweaters' were given out but Captain Silverman says that more will probably be given out this year because of the increased size of the freshman squad. These tournaments will be held sometime after the completion of the varsity schedule on March 14. In addition to the freshmen and the varsity teams, over fifty coeds have tum^ out and are being taught the fine points of the game. Later on there will he a coed tour-
nament too.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Chi Omega announces the pledging of Jean Bailey, of Greenwood, S. C., and Rosalie Totten, Valpa-
raiso.
ALL-CAMPUS BOWLING Scores In Pinal Round 1— P. P. McDowell, 578. 2— R. P. Hooker, 673. 3— ^D. L. King, 636. 4r—P. K. Knecht, 626. 6—D. C. Porburger, 522.
Jake Nogoda, Northwestern center who will try to ont-jnntp Jim Seward and Ed Elliptt Saturday night.
Special Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday each week
Bhaisipoo - Finger Wave
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Alpha Chi Omega announces the pledging of Virginia Richards, Orlando, Florida, and Martha Spring, Wauwautosa, Wisconsin.
Dfiuk Milk for More Energy CaM JOHNSO Phone 413^1
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Milk is your best food— it*s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, !t*s body-building and energy bufldmg.
Union dairy
IF YOU could see yourself AS OTHERS SEE YOU...
You would be more careful of your appearance. And in doing so, you would always insist on the best when it comes to haircuts and shaves.
The Union has been the students’ favorite for 11 years. And for many good reasons. Reliable workmanship, quick service, and low price are always yours with the six expert barbers in the Union Building Barber Shop.
It Pays to Look Well
Shave 15c Hair Cut..25c
Tte Umon Barber Stop
Downstairs in the
Purdvte Meu&orial Ilnioit ^^THb CorncT of tho Compus, Yet tho Ccitfer of College
m
wiClassified Ads.
Ballroom Dancing Classes open at Allen’s. Beginners, Wednesday, Feb, 12; Adyanced, l^iday, Feb. 14, 7:30 p- ^ Fbone 2160. TYPEWRITERS ADDING MACHINES—For sale, rent, repairedi and bought- Multigraph and mimeograph yrork done. C. F. Ebershoflf, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Rent—Single room, 330 Lutz Ave. 1 Block from campus. Phone 66023.'
Modern House—Extra room down stairs for study or maid. Call 6096.
For Rent—Desirable room with board, $26 per month. Meals, 14 for $3.76 or 21 for $4.60. Phone 4413.
Lost—Elgin watch yesterday. Return to Armory office, Reward. W. Clark, 341 Northwestern.
Chamberlin’s Special For, This Week—Strawberry, Pineapple and Strawberry brick. Order it—it’s delicious.
Glider aub Will Show Soaring Contest Films The University Glider club will hold an open meeting' tonight in the peasant room of the Union at 8 o’clock. Films of the last Natm^ Soafing and Gliding contest held at Elmira, N. Y., will be shown. The meeting; will be in charge of A. L. Wood, president of the organization.: The Flying Boilermaker, cadet secondary glider, was flown for tests Monday evening after a three months’ rest because of needed repairs. After four attempts a very successful flight of 600 feet altitude and two minutes duration was made. Yesterday morning the club glider was further tested by W. B, O’Neal, A. F. Farwell, H. F. Dostal, and A. L. Wood, each of whom made a flight. These practice flights are in preparation for the Sleeping Bear Soaring Exhibition which will be held at Empire, Michigan, from March 28 to April 6.
Squash Rackets Restrurag, 24hour service. Best grade Of gut and silk strings, also steel. Carl StTasser, 1710 Everett St., Phone 7332.
Clarence T. Kaline, who will receive his Ph. D. degree in analytical chemistry in June, has accepted a position with the. Torsion Balance Company sales department. Mr. Kaline has h^ headquarters in Chicago with his territory covering the central states.
NOTICES No notices ecc^ted aftes S p.
Freshman Engineers—Those who took surveying last semester may obtain their area calculations at office, room 101, Civil Building. Iliey will not be available later than Saturday, February 16. —TODD.
Student Senate—Meeting tonight in the reception room of Union at 7:30. —STONE.
Egg and Chick Show Staff—Meet with the Poultry club in the Poultry BuiMing at . 7 :15 tonight. —FLOCK.
Radio Club—Meeting tomorrow at 7:16Jn room 2 of Union. Mr. C. K. Stedman ■will speak. Important business. . —WEPPLER.
Purdue Flying Club—Meeting tonight in the Union. —ASIRE.
Playshop—AU those wishing to work on the stage crew report to the Playshop office or to the sub-basement of the Union this afternoon. —CALLIS.
W. A. A.—No activities today because of W. S. G. A. mass meeting. —DUNWOODY.
Yi W, C. A. Social and Program Committees—Meeting at 6:46 today in the Y,. W. office. ■ —CASSELL. MILLS.
Orchesis—Important meeting today at 8. —McKBE,
Track Manager Candidates^—All men desiring to try out for sophomore track manager report to the gym at 4 :16 today. —McCOLLOUM.
Poultry Club—Meeting tonight at 7:16. —MATTHEWS.
Union Workers—^The following members of my committee will meet in the sub-base-ment at 4 today: Conway, Putze,*Simonton, • Bills, Bixjwn, Cross, Craig, Suardi, Marjorie ! Poor, Mary Francis Markel, Jean Hallam; Martha Spring, Mary Hamilton. —PUGft.
Union Workers—The following members of my committee will meet in the sub-base-ment at 4 today: Gibson, Pforzheimer, Merlin, Reith, Farante, Brattain, Hess, Roper, Marjorie Louis, Virginia Richards, Mary Amsden, Mary Hammond. -^QUIGGLE.
Freshmen—All interested in Union work report in the reception room at 4 today in Union. —BEGGS. Union Committee—The following members of my committee will meet in the Union office at 4 today: Marjorie Poor, Martha Markel, Jeanne Hallam, Martha Spring, Alary Hamilton, Loma MpLeod, Alice Keeley, Margaret Ritchie, , Esthmv Holtman, Mary Wynn, Etta Best. —GRIMM.
Union Workers—The -following members of my committee will meet in the sub-base-ment today at 4: Jewett, Thompson, Westermeier, Thomas, Scholle, Biggs, McGrane, Rush, Sheetz, Larna McLeod, Alice Keeley, Margaret Richey, Mary Wynn, Esther Holtman. —JUMP.
Plasmhop Board—Meeting tonight at 8. —HOLDEN.
W BA A
Today 11:0(1—American Institutions. Dr. Phillips. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts. T. R. Johnston. 12:16—Orval Wray’s Orchestra. 12 :80—John Brubaker, baritone. 12 :46—-Physics Today. 1:00—Meditations. Rev, J. A. Lord. 1:16—Jim Woodruff and His Guitar. 1:30—Better Homes. 1:46—Final Markets. 2:00—Better Expression. 2:16—-Vocational Guidance. 2:30—Ida Hartman, pianist. 2 :45—Melody Time. Sam Keller.
Grad Visits Here ■ Wayne McCandless, 1934 electeical engineering graduate of Purdue University, left for his home in Cleveland Tuesday after spending a few days here; with B. A. McCandlesSj junior chemical engineering sthdeht;, Mr. M less who has beeh with the Lineblh Electric Company since graduation resigned there racehtly and ■will start work Feb. 15, with the General Electric Company oh research work at Nela Park in Cleveland.
SCRIVENERr- ■' (Continued from page 1) In 1928, tha first Scrivener made its appearance. Edited by a small group who met at regular intervals in Professor Cummings’ study, the magazine represented the best in student writing. There were ho coeds in the organization then; meetings were informal, often lasting until late at night. The group, gathered around a fire, would prop their feet up, smoke, and discuss literatur^ philosophy, and kindred subjects. The professor always loses himself in reverie as he describes these scenes, it is obvious that they leave pleasant memories. Today the Scrivener is published three times each school year, contains prose and poetry -v^itten both as class work and as extra-curricular endeavor. Helps Young Authors Professor Cummings is at present not officially sponsoring the publication, but he still prides himself upon his ability to help embryo writer’s. Realizing how easily they are discouraged, he always finds something good in their work; makes constructive criticism by suggestion. I have never heard him say anything disparaging of a manuscript. If he considers a paper to have some merit, he will say, “It is gopd—in the main,” and then proceed to point out how it may be
You have had a real
of overcoat weather this winter
Wliy not have! it cleaned NOW and get feady for more lise, as there is plenty of overGpat weather ahead of lis. ^
FIN E
C L E A N E R S
O F
F IN E
improved. If, when reading a paper before a class, he finds something he considers to be of especial literary value, he will raise his right hand, as though he were plucking the idea or picture but of the air and focussing it at that point. The professor specializes in English literature but enjoys the other subjects he teaches—English composition, expository writing, and the English Bible.
safety programs. Prof. Jacklin said that the automobile itself was responsible for not more than 8 per cent of the hazard accidents; the drivers for at least 65 per cent, highway and pedestrians for the remainder.
JACKIN MAKES— .. (Continued from page 1) 30 per cent of the drivers guide their car by the dividing line between the two lanes of traffic, and that about 20 to 26 per cent of the drivers not only drive in the other lane of traffic but persist in staying there even when they are asked “by the horn” to !moye over. In urging support for highway
DR.SILVERTOTALK— (Continued from page 1) political leaders in Europe. For the past twenty years Rabbi Silver has spent nearly every summer in Europe. Author Dr. Silver, besides being a minister and being interested in economic affairs, is also the author of several books, including, “Religion in a Changing World”, and “The Democratic Impulse in Jewish History”. The musical part of the convocation will be given by the-University
Choir under the direction of A. P. Stewart. The choir will sing two anthems: “Bless The Lord”, by Ip-politoff-Ivanoff ; and “Father Thy Children Bow in Adoration”, by SullivRn. CONVO—!' (Continued from page 1) Before 1914 Germany, knowing that a war was coming, and realizing the power of newspapers^ sent men to the United States, where the greatest journasistic experts lived, to study American methods. Subsequently, she developed an extensive system of progaganda. The Allies also went into the propaganda game and> although they did rather poorly at first, finally) in the opinion of Mr, Irwin, werei able to Shorten the War by six months by their final drive on German morale.
Pan-Hellenic—Meeting today at 4 in the women’s lounge of the Union. —HOEFER.
Y. W. C. A. Religion and Philosophy Group—Meeting at 4 today in Y. W. office. —RHODES.
Intramural Carnival—^Air men interested in boxing or wrestling for Intramural Carnival sign up on the intramural bulletin board as soon as possible. —HAMILTON.
Purdue Glider Club—Special meeting tonight at 8 in the peasant room of the Union. Films will be shown and new members taken in. —WOOD.
Engineers—^All subscribers who have not received the January issue of the Purdue Engineer please notify office in the Memorial Union Building. —EVANS.
■ FIRST — ripened in the sunshine... an d, picked leaf by leaf from the right part of the stalk .when fully ripe. THEN— each day’s picking cured right by the farmer . . . at the right - time and in the right way . . . no ■*splotchiiig”or brittleness, but every leaf of good color and flavor.
Union Choruses Nos. 2 & 3—^Today at 7:30. —ANSPACH.
Union Workers—The following memBers of my committee will meet in the sub-base-ment at 4 today: Wright; Fatout. Seabary, RoQuemore, Batemen, Schlundt, Wiegant, Fitts, Wetherland, Frances Ford, Marcia MeKinsey, IJartha Gillespie, Dorothy Morehouse, Kathryn Morehouse. —CLARK.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Alpha Xi Delta announces the pledging of Louise Bradley, Whitehouse, Ohio, and Maxine Brossart, Indianapplis.
Hogsheads of leaf fobaccoi
..........