Purdue X>I«S ^
Exponent
Volume 5L No. 143
Wednesday, Apnl 3, 1940
Kelly First Speaker For Richardson Talks wsGAfssu^ca// Andre Philip Will Speak
Senior Martial Lectures
First of this year’s series of marital lectures for senior men and women will be held tomorrow afternoon starting at 4 p. m. in lecture room 101 of the education building. Instead of the customary six lectures, only four will be offered this year because of the impossibility of getting two of the regular speakers. Speaker for Thursday’s lecture is Dr. E. L. Kelly, who will talk on “Psychological Aptitudes For MarriagOj Dr. Kelly is a member of the University psychology staff and has been assisting with the lectures since their origin nine years ago. On April 11, Prof. J. A. Estey of the his^tory department will speak on “An Economist Looks at Marriage.” Following his talk. Dr. Elizabeth Strauss of Chicago will talk on April 18 on “A Woman Doctor Looks at Marriage.” Last speaker of the series will be Dr. T. B. Rice of the Indiana University medical staff on April 26 speaking on “Marriage From the Viewpoint of a Man Doctor.” As announced by faculty sponsor Prof. O. F. Hall of the education and applied psychology department, the first two lectures will be open to both senior men and senior wom-en-while the last two will be open to senior men only. Lectures will last not longer than 45 minutes with ample time allowed for asking written questions following the lectures. Chairman for each lecture will be a male member of the senior class. Chairman in charge of tomorrow’s lecture is Dave Brubeck, Union executive. Inaugurate Weekly Concert Tonight With Mozart's Symphony First of a series of weekly concerts to be given in connection with the local musical appreciation campaign will be held this evening at 7:15 in the music room of the Union. The concert will feature the mhsical masterpiece being released this week, Mozart’s Symphony Number 40 in G Minor. The concert will be concluded in time to..peiTOit listeners to attend the convocation
lecture.
For the benefit of students and staff members not acquainted with the records previously issued, arrangements have been made to leave the first two albums, Schubert’s Unfinished Symphony and Beethoven’s Symphony Number 6 in C Minor, on the music room shelves where the records may be ins]|jtected and played. Pm'^ose of the campaign is to create .in interest in symphonic music by distributing recordings of ten of the greatest symphonies at a cost within reach of the average man. ■ It is hoped by the local committee that everyone who has a radio and is interested in acquiring the nucleus of a library of the world’s best music will attend this series of Wednesday night concerts and become acquainted with the opportunities offered by this campaign. The Union has offered to obtain these albums for students. Orders may be left at the Union desk.
Sigma Pi
C. R. Richardson
Prom Tickets Prom tickets will go on sale at the cashier’s office in the Executive building at 8 o’clock this morning and will be on sale until Saturday noon. Juniors and seniors may obtain tickets priced at three dollars by presenting 'their passports and the money. Students buying tickets will be required to sign them at the window and must be able to match the signature with the one on their passports the night of the Prom. Stubs, which will also be signed, will be used for passports thus making the dance se.' cure from underclassman intrusion. The sale of tickets will be limited to 800.
In Union Tonight In conjunction with its current , series of discussions by men representing different phases of the broadcasting industry, the Purdue Radio Guild, composed of staff members of WBAA, will hear C. R. “Duke” Richardson tqnight at 7:30 in room 263 of the Union talking about problems and objectives of the independent commercial radio
station.
Richardson, a student of the University in 1925,' ’26, and ’27, is a member of the Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity and frequently visited Lafayette to renew acquaintances since entering a career in advertising in 1930. Surveys 20 Stations In preparation fbr his discussion tonight, 'Richardson has made a questionnaire survey of some 20 in- ^ dependent commercial radio stations in the middle west covering such topics as would be of ^interest to college students interested in radio as a career. As station manager of WDAN, Danville, 111., Duke Richardson is regarded as one of the youngest broadcasting executives in the nation today. At the age of thirtytwo, his duties are to guide the broadcasting activities of WDAN, one of the eight radio stations operated by the Gannett Company, which also owns and operates nineteen newspapers.
/
When application for the WDAN license to broadcast commercially was made in June, 1936, Mr. Richardson was offered the position of station manager and resigned as head of the Richardson Advertising Agency in Danville to accept the post.
Student Union Plans
Higburg Will Address 5I10W For Saturday
Chemical Engineers
The student branch of the American Institute of Chemical Engineers will hold a dinner meeting in the Union Tuesday, April 16. The banquet is the first sponsored by the AIChE in several years. One of the purposes of the dinner meeting is v,^^to further the fellowship between the students and the faculty of the school of chemical engineering. William Higburg will address the grc^up on the sale of chemicals. Higburg IS the sales manager of the Reilly Tar and Chemical Company, Indianapolis, and president of Alpha Chi Sigma, national chemical engineering fraternity. Higburg’s address will be of interest to all chemical engineers, particularly those interested in sales *work. Tickets may be obtained the latter part of this week in Professor Shreve’s office, and from Don Meyers, Bill Hedden or Fred Granger. Ind. Coal Conference
“Proper Dress for Couples Dur-
ing Prom Week-End” will be the theme of the variety hour to be held in the south ballroom of the Memorial Union, Saturday night at 7:16. Members of the “Sweethearts” cast
will model for the style show. To the tune of Irvin Maury’s band
the couples will display the complete week-end ensembles from sports wear to formal attire. Ed’s wear for the show will be furnished by Geislers, while the co-ed’s attire will be chosen from Palais Royal, both Lafayette stores. Members of the varsity show cast will sing se-
lections from “Sweethearts.” The show, the first variety hour
of its kind, is being sponsored by the Student Union and will be open to
all students, faculty, and friends. Police Investigate More Robberies At
Draws Near Close Fralernily Houses
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: William R. Fall, president; James R. Ourand, vice-president; John R. Jacobson, treasurer and house manager; James K. Kutz, secretary; James A. Stahn, sergeant-at-arms; Joseph B. Close, herald. Walter Sherwood received the Activity Award, presented to the man who has done the most for the fraternity during the past year.
“Methods of Burning Midwestern Coals” will be discussed at 9 a. m. this morning in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering building during the final sessions of the Indiana Coal Conference. The conference has included lectures by Otto de Lorenzi, of New York City, Prof. W. T, Miller, of the Purdue staff, and William H. Pugsley, Michigan City, with O. I. Beasey, president of the Indiana Coal Merchants Association, presiding. Acting in cooperation with Sigma XI, honorary scientific fraternity, and the Purdue Camera Club, last night’s program featured a colored motion picture of fuel beds and furnaces in normal operation.
Delta Chi
. . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers: president, Paul Pauline; vicepresident, Edward Carpenter; secretary, Robert Luthi; treasurer, Ralph Probert; corresponding secretary, Robert Macpherson; and sheriff, Remi Gits.
Two more fraternity houses were the victims of thieves Monday night between the hours of 2 and 6:30 a. m. Approximately thirty dollars in cash, two watches, and a fraternity pin were taken from the Sigma Chi house. -At the Sigma Nu house the intruder or intruders seemed to concentrate on slide rules, taken ten of centrate on slide rules, taking ten of these, while they took only two watches, two razors, one fraternity pin, and cash probably amounting to from five to ten dollars. One item that puzzled members of the Sigma Nu' house was that all doors and windows were locked the night before and the robbers used some avenue other than these to break into the house. The back door was unlocked yesterday morning indicating the intruders left by this exit. Chief of Police Ivan Miller investigated the robbery at the Sigma Chi fraternity, and another member of the West Lafayette police force investigated at the Sigma Nu house.
For Co-eds Wishing To Counsel Fi'osh WSGA has announced the first call-out for ^11 women who wish to be WSGA counselors to freshman and transfer women next year. Thei’e will be a meeting Thursday, April 4, at 4 p. m., in the Union building. At this meeting the coimseling and faculty advisory systems will be explained. The faculty adcisory system will go into effect
next year.
Dr. E. G. Williamson, personnel administrator at the University of Minnesota, will talk on counseling at a meeting Tuesday, April 9. On April 16, Dr. Lee Vincent, psychologist at the Merrill-Palmer School in Detroit, will speak. Both Dr. Vincent and Dr. Williamson will speak to combined groups of women and men counselors .and faculty on counseling systems. All women who wish to be counselors are expected to be at the meeting tomorrow., McLean Will Play At PIA Convention Dance; Foil To Reign Another campus queen will be crowned Friday evening when Rosemary Fiel will hold the gilded scepter at the PIA conference dance to be held in the Union from 9 to 12 p. m. This dance, the first open PIA dance in history, has as its featured players Jack McLean and his Melody Lane Orchestra. Jack McLean boasts a long string of musical laurels which he has added to his name since his early beginnings as a saxophone player and musician. Recently he finished engagements in Chicago at the Aragon and Trianon, famous twin ballrooms, from which he began his country-wide tour. McLean whose father was a theater owner began his career at the age of 15 with Bill Andris on a salary^ of $30 a week. At this age he/ was tom between the desire for musical fame and that of becoming an aviator. His decision was reached in 1926 when as the youngest pilot in the State of Oregon he made a forced landing which damaged his plane badly. At this time he decided that he would make all future contact with the air Waves through a
microphone.
Since that time he has played at numerous West Coast engagements in Los Angeles, San Diego, Salt Lake City, and Mexico City. Recently he has moved eastward having played in Pittsburgh and Chicago. ‘ Tickets for the dance which are for sale to anyone are priced at one dollar. PIA members will be admitted upon the showing of their membership cards and their pass-
ports.
Horticultural Club Will Meet Tonight With the time ripe for the singing of the “Flowers That Bloom in the Spring” the Purdue Horticultural Society will meet tonight at 7:30 in the auditorium of the horticultural building for a “Foreign Night.” Members of the Cosmopolitan Club will be the guests for the evening and will provide a large share of the program with their particular stories. Those who will make short remarks are S. Lee, China; Polak Van Overveen, Holland; H. M. ZaM, Egypt; B. Daneman, Latvia; and R. C. Hernandez, Mexico. Entertainment will be furnished by a LatinAmerican quartet and a Chinese harmonica player and tap dancer. Of particular interest will be the presentation of awards by Prof. E. R, Hone3rwell to the University students who won top honors in the college division of the recent St. Louis, Mo. flower show.
At Special Convo Tonight
Andre Philip
Samaritans? Two University boys who did their part to save the lives of a mother and son are being sought by the mother, Mrs. Paul Cherock, 920 West 6th Avenue, Gary, Indiana. In a letter addressed to the Exponent the mother asks these two boys, who took her son and herself to the Methodist hospital, contact her. From information contained in the letter it seemed that from an automobile accident the boy had received a concussion and the mother suffered severe injuries. Mrs. Cherock is unable to contact the eds who helped her as she does not know their names. Will the fellows who performed this kfnd deed please contact the Exponent office for further information? Shell Oil Announces Aviation Scholarship; Awards Ready Soon Shell Oil Company has announced that jcompetition for the Shell Intercollegiate Aviation Scholarships for students and the Shell Aviation Awards for colleges, will begin on elimination contests are to be held after which seven winners will compete for the scholarship awards at Washington, D. C. at a later date. The winner of the national competition will receive an award of $1,000 to be used for the furthering of his education in aeronautics. Students placing second and third will receive awards of $750 and $500 scholarships, respectively. Awards will be made on the basis of the student’s record in the government aviation flight and ground courses and his ability to execute specified flight maneuvers with maximum precision and safety. Forestry Club . . . announces the election of the following officers for the coming year: W. R. Miller, President; L. Schneider^ vice president;G. A. Hestenberg, secretary-treasurer. Retiring president, James Williams, was awarded a silver gavel in recognition of his services. Alpha Chi Rho . . . social fraternity, announces the installation of the following officers: M.'iE. Keane, president; L. B. McCammon, vice-president; K. J. Thompson, ritual officer; G. E. Hamilton, chaplain; R. S. HowMnson, secretary; R. A. Spraker, treasurer; H. E. Bollwinkel, sergeant-at-arms; R. N. Land, pledge mentor; J. A. Starkey, steward; and Hal Taylor, executive committeemau-at-large.
Lecturing as a representative of the International Institution of Ed> ucation, Andre Philip will speak at a special convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall tonight at 8 p. m. Philip will talk on the timely subject “Europe: A Myth of Reality.” Philip, a member of the French Chamber of Deputies and also a professor of economics and finance at the University of Lyons, France, has gained a wide knowledge of world affairs due to his governmental duties and extensive traveling. In the Chamber he has served on the committee on finance and social reform. All passports and convocation tickets win be good for this evening as well as for the convocation tomorrow when Cornelia Otis Skinner will appear at the second University convocation in two days. Miss Skinner will present a program of the monologues which have made her one of the outstanding figures of the American stage. She will announce her program from the stage, preferring to do this, rather than follow a set program. Ducats Are Ready For 'Grand Illusion' “Grand, Illusion,” French dramatic film, will be shown on the campus Saturday, April 6, at 8 p. m. in room 129 of the electrical engineering building. Tickets are now on sale for $.25 in the Union lobby. They will be available all this week from 4 to 6 p. m. and all Satmrday afternoon. The film, sponsored by the Student Alliance, has French dialogue and English sub-titles. It was. directed by Pierre Renoir. Leads are played by Erie von Stroheim, Pierre Fresnay, Jean Gabin, and Dita Parlo. The movie deals with the effect of the first World War upon the common people of Europe. “Grand Illusion” won the International Exhibit in 1938.' It is highly praised by many well-known stage and screen stars. Helen Hayee says of the film: “I loved 'Grand Illusion.’ What an otgy of good acting it is.” Entries For Speech Contest Due Aprill 5 Entries for the Alpha Zeta speech contest to be held on Wednesday, April 16, at 7:30 p. m. in the west faculty lounge of the Union will be received by Vernon Hitchcock, Alpha Zeta president, until Tuesday, April 16. A preliminary contest will be held on Wednesday afternoon to select the six finalists for the evening contest. The contest is open to all undergraduate agriculture students. The speeches are to be seven minutes in length and may be mad^ on subjects relating to any current phase of agriculture. Prizes will be awarded to the winners of the first three places and a trophy will be given to the organization represented by the winner. Saibner's Offer PosRfen lo Best Writer in Contesf Publishers 'of Scribner’s Commentator have annoimced their Prize Article Contest, which is open to all imdergraduate students in American colleges. The article must not be longer than 3,000> words, and it must be entirely the original work of the c<mtestant. There will be nineteen jirizes. The student awarded the first prise will have the chance to work on the Commentator. He will have his choice of any type of work on the publication. The second prixe is two hundred dollars, the third prixe fifty dollars, and sixteen prtxes of twenty-five doUars. Announcmnents of the winners will be made in the July ^ue of the Commentator.P0ADOE 'EXPONENT
Wedi^esday, April d, 1940
Pmoimel Notes
Complete bulletinB vrith the companies listed below, are iwated on the btiUetin boards of the schools from which inter^ewees will be chosen. Those interested ^b^d read ttese bulletins and company literatnre available, then sign up for consideTation on the proper list in the metn office of their school. Mr. A. J. Couture, personnel department of the Geo. J. Meyer Mfg. Co., Milwaukee, Wis., designers and and manufacturers of bottle cleaning equipment, washers, pasteurizers, fillers, crowners and conveyors, wishes to employ some ME seniors with good scholarship and personality for a company training program preparatory to service engineering.
Buli
Swimmers Train For Red Joyce Burnham
Mr. C. W. Howard, personnel director of the Hoosier Lamp And Stamping Corporaiiph, manufacturers of metal stampings, Evansville, is visiting Purdue in April to interview ME, EE and ChE seniors for employment in his company’s sales division.
Mr. W. K. Howe, of the General Railway Signal Company, Rochester, New York, is visiting Purdue soon to interview ME seniors for engineering work.
Mr. C. J. Mackie, supervisor of technical apprentices, Lyon Metal Products, Inc,, Aurora, Hlinois, manufacturers of metal office equipment, will visit Purdue Tuesday, April 16th, to interview engineering and science seniors for work in sales, production, engineering and accounting.
Mr. H. M. Kidd of The DeVilbiss Company, manufacturers of spray painting and finishing equipment, Toledo, Ohio, is interested in employing engineering seniors for a company training program, ultimately to lead to sales engineering.
The James B, Qow & Sons, manufacturers of cast iron pipe, heating and steam equipment supplies, Chicago, is interested in employing ME, MET., and CE engineering seniors for employment in their Coshocton, Ohio, plant.
Mr. C. G. Kopplin, production manager of the Union Special Machine Company, manufacturers of industrial sewing machines, Chicago, plans to employ two ME sophoihores for summer work.
STUDENT NOTICES: Application blanks are available for students desiring to take the State Examinations for Student Personnel Examiner. Call at the Personnel Office, Ground Floor, Executive Building, for an application blank.
WdCt^biwA I By Nan Zachary I Two or more intramural teams will journey to the University of Chicago Saturday, April 6, to take part -iu an inter-school tournament. Teams from the Universities of Iowa, Illinois, Indiana, and Chicago, and Mundelein College will also participate. Anyone who is interested in trying out for one of the teams should come out for practices Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday afternoon at 4 p. m. If too many try out, the girls who play will be chosen for their scholarship and ability. —waa^— WAA will sponsor a Water Play Day for everyone—^beginners, advanced swimmers, and observers— on Thursday, April 11, at 4 p, m. Games, relays, and races will make up the afternoon of free fun. —^waa— Practices for intramural baseball will be held Thursday and Friday of this week, and Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday of next week at 4 p. m. Any organization wishing to enter a team may call Mary Pidgeon, manager of intramural baseball. Three practices^ are required for competition. —^waa— Co-ed-faculty matches will be played as soon as all partners have been chosen. Both men and women of the faculty will be eligible. WAA tennis for experienced players is scheduled for Monday and Wednesday at 4 p, m. on the Women’s courts.
Dear Bull Session: We ar*e glad to see that for once the prom committee showed some good sense. They didn’t let a big name and a lot of high-pressure publicity influence their choice of bands and picked one for the music they play and not for the success oi their publicity agent. Perhaps a lot of thepe middle western reridents haven’t heard of George Hall and his band but to those of us from the East he means QUALITY. We are glad to see that Prom is once more beind considered as a dance and not as a lot of high pressure ballyhoo. We are glad to see that for once the campaign promises are being kept. The price is definitely coming down 25 per cent. Maybe a lot of people are disappointed because they didn’t get a big name, but after all you can’t dance to a name, we’ve tried it. • Hats off to the prom committee! For once they did a good job when they picked George Hall. H.E.J., M.H.S., W.W.A. Dear Bull, George Hall . . . Ha. Ha. Ha . . . Think I’ll go to a mixer . .. ■ The Campus. Dear Bull, This morning as we tOre ourselves from the arms of Hedy LaMarr and rushed to our eleven o’clock classes, we were confronted wdth the Exponent’s announcement of the band (?) that has been selected for the Prom. We immediately; tore the house apart to find out just who the hell this George Hall guy is. The Memphis contingent hadn’t even heard of the guy, much less of the Peabody Hotel. If the American Legion can have Henry Busse, the Lafayette Constabulary can have Joe Sanders, and we have Tommy Dorsey for a mixer, it sure looks as if somebody missed the boat on the Prom committee’s selection of George Hall. The laugh of the whole thing is that “Voice of the People” poll that was taken to select the student’s choice of bands. We hope that fellow who voted for George Hall is satisfied. There was one, wasn’t there? Of course, we realize that it isn’t possible to get the band you want when you want it, but why wasn’t the date changed in order to make a more advantageous choice? In the past, the date has been moved back to get better bands. What about that nebulous postProm tea dance that was bandied about during the campaign ? Are we going to pay our three dollars for the privilege of dancing to a band that is not as well known as Jurgens? Personally, we feel that we can have a better time for the same money by going to Chicago for that week-end. All in all, it looks as though the class of ’41 has fallen down insofar as their Prom is concerned. —R.D.H. ’41; W.W.B. ’40; F.P.C. ’41; J.H.M. ’41; A.G.B. ’41; H.B.L. ’40.
Students intending to qualify for the American Red Cross Instructors’ Rating who failed to come to the initial meeting yesterday afternoon are urged to report in the fieldhouse pool this afternoon. Preliminary work this week will be devoted to the senior life saving test, disqualified because of an illegal len, and Larry LeBree who are in charge will be assisted by several students that have already received, their instructors rating.
Notices
Pnrdne Gymnastic Clnb: All members of the club who are to perform in the meet with Williams College are to workout their exercises by April 6. Practice is being held every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, from 4 to 6 p. m. at the Fieldhouse. —MIDDLETON.
Sophomore Military Students: Advanced course list posted on the bulletin board in the armory. Read it and comply with instructions. (4-5) —WISELOGEL. POMM Pledges: Pledge meeting in the armory at 7 530 a. m. Wednesday, April 8. —MILLIGAN;
Silver Mask: All actives meet in front of main entrance of Fieldhouse gym at 9:45 p. m., Wednesday, April 3. —WELDY.
Radio Clnb: Meeting postponed to Tuesday, April 9, at 7:30 in room 254 of the EE building.
All Lutheran ^ndents : Dr. C. P. Harry will address members of Lutheron Students Association in room 232 of the Union, Thursday, April 4, at 7:16 p. m. All members are urged to attend ' and meet Dr. Harry. —HALL.
Varsity Tennis Candidates: Report to courts north of Fieldhouse every evening. —LABREE.
Glider Club: Meeting Thursday, Aptil 4 in room 304 of the Union at 7 p. m. —BADE.
Gimlet; Important dinner meeting at the Sigma Chi house Thursday, April 4 at 6 p. m. Final selection Of pledges. —FRAZEE.
Hoof and Horn Members: Meeting Wednesday, April 3, in room 118 of Ag Hall at 7:30 p. m. Claud Harper will be the speaker. —HURST.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Wednesday, April 3, at 7:80 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. —McCAMMON.
Sophomore Military Students; Sophomore advanced course applicants read the notice on the bulletin board in the Armory and comply with instructions thereon. —WISELOGEL.
Physics 1 B Conditions: Examinations will be held in room 210 of the chem. and met. building, Saturday, April 6, at 1 p. m. —SHERMAN.
Foreign Relief Committee: Second meeting W^nesday, April 3, at 4 p. m. in the Union Exponent oifice. —INSLEY.
Purdue Radio .Guild: Meeting will be held Wednesday evening, April 3, instead of Thursday, April. 4, as planned because of convo. Mr. C. R. Richardson will speak at 7:30 p. m. in room 263 of the union on “The Independent Commercial Station.’ —MILLER.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Regular meeting postponed until Thursday, April 11, because of conflict with Gimlet meeting. 4-4 , —CATTERALL.
Tan Beta Pi: Meeting for selection of pledges at 7:30 p. m., Wednesday, April 3, in room 212 of the Union. —CATTERALL.
WAA Basketball: Girls interested in going to the basketball playday at Chicago on Saturday, April 6, must report for practice every night this week at 6 p. m. —FRASER.
G E 35: Removal of conditions Examination April 13.. Make arrangements for taking the examination in room 109 before Friday, April. 12. —OWEN.
MARS
-TODAY3:15 and 8:15
THE LAST AND MOST OUTSTANDING LEGITIMATE STAGE PLAY TO BE PRESENTED THIS SEASON EVA LE GALLIENE ONE OF THE^ FIRST LADIES OF THE THEATRE IN ISBEN'S CLASSIC DRAMA '^HEDDA GABLER'' — with — EARL LARIMORE AND A SUPERB BROADWAY CAST -GOOD SEATS STILL AVAILABLE250 Matinee Seats at 55c—^250 Eve. Seats 83c Phone 7903 for Reservations
ADM
MATINEE... 55 - 83 - 1.10 - 1.65 NIGHT 83 - 1.10 - 1.65 - 2.00 - 2.50
—IncludlBs Tax—i-
BOX OFFICE OPEN 11:00 A. M.
. . . WSGA vice-president, who is confined to Saint Elizabeth’s hospital with typhoid feVer, is slightly improved according to hospital reports. Miss Burnham is a Gold Pepper pledge and a WBAA staff announcer.
During February, 1940 a West Virginia University librarian discovered, in checking out a book, that it had been used last in May, 1901.
Evanston, III., high school students, assembling in their auditorium, to hear the Coe College band, waited half an hour, discovered there had been a 30-day error in dates. IM SCHEDULES BASEBALL TODAY Practice Games Diamond 1 Acacia ys Alpha Tau Omega 2. Alpha Chi Rho vs Beta Sigma Psi 8. Alpha Kaappa Lambda vs. Alpha Sig. 4 Beta Theta Pi vs Delta Chi 6 Delta Tau Delta vs Delta Upsilon 6 Kappa Delta Rho vs Phi Gamma Delta 7. Sigma Nu vs Theta Xi 8 Phi Kappa Tau vs Pi Kappa Alpha 9 Lambda Chi Alpha vs Phi Delta Theta 10 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Sigma Pi
Dolphins and Pledgee: Rough initiation Thursday, April 4, from 6 to 6:39 p. m. at thb pool. Initiation banquet Friday, April 6, in the Union. Call Siler for reservations. No charge. —HARRIS.
Alpha Zeta: Important meeting, Wednesday, April 8. Actives meet at 7 p. m. and pledges at 8 p. m. in old agriculturist office. . —HITCHCOCK.
Freshman Baseball Manager Candidates: Ail candidates report at the varsity baseball diamond, Wednesday, April 3, at 4 :p0 p. m. —DAVIS.
Hoof and Horn Members: Meeting on Wednesday, April 3, at 7:80 in room 118 of Ag Hall. Claude Harper will be the principal speaker. —HURST.
Physical Education for Women: A class in beginning golf has been opened Wednesday and Friday at 3 p. m. Registration still open in advanced horse-back riding class Monday at 1:30 p. m. All classes will start Thursday. —HAZELTON.
Freshmen: All those interested in trying out for track manager are asked to report to Boss-Ade Stadium at 4 p. m. Wednesday, April 3, and Thursday: April 4. —WERST, MAIN.
Camera Club: No meeting Wednesday, April 3. Start making prints for next exhibit.
PIA Dance Glass: Class will be held in south ballroom of Union at 7:16 p. m. on Wednesday, April 3. Co-eds invited. —LUTZ.
Varsity Show Properties: All students in. terested in working on properties for. the varsity show report to the office of Eliza Fowler Hall at 4 p. m. on Wednesday, April 3. -CARR.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday, April 3, at 7:46 p. m. in WSGA office. —SICKMAN.
Flying Club: Very Important meeting Wednesday, April 3, at 7 p. m. in room 328 of tbe Union. Final plans will be made for the Washington conference. This also is the last chance to get the second semester dues paid in order to receive a N.A.A. membership. —KIMBALL.
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting Tuesday, April 9, at 7:30 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. Gordon Enders will speak. A short business meeting will follow. —TERRIO.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Election of officers for next year will be held next Sunday. April 7. —BRAND.
Ag Chems: Special meeting Wednesday, April 3, in room 305 of the Union at 7:30 come. Inspection trip and keys to he discussed. —ELKIN.
Laboratory Group of Playshop: The number of hours for all those who have worked on the laboratory group at Playshop are posted in Fowler Hall. See them April 4-6. —KEPNER. Silver Mask: Regular meeting Thursday, April .4, at 7 ;80 p. m. in room 306 Of the Union. —WELDY.
Newman Club: Discussion group 1 will meet Wednesday, April 3, in room 261 of the Union at 7 ;30 p. m. Group 2 will meet Thursday, April 4, in room 261' at 7 :30 p. m. Catholic students are urged to attend either of these two groups. , —GARTY.
STARTS THURSDAY BOOTH TARKINGTON'S GRAND STORY ABOUT THOSE GLORIOUS DAYS FORGOT!
-LAST TIMES TOPAY— ERROL FLYNN —■ IN — ^'VIRGINIA CITY"
miN AHi BlAR IT
ByLidilr
■U
“How she got a man is beyond me! Why, she hasn’t even got a job!”
Ag Ed Meeting: There will be an Ag Ed meeting Thursday, April 4, at 7:30 p. m. in room 201 of the education building. All members are urged to be presfent. —HIMES.
FOB SALE—1986 Ford Deluxe Sport Phaeton'. L. Berg, 112 East Oak St., W. L.
Omicron Nu: Meeting Thursday, April 4, in' room 107 of the Home Ec building. —HORWITZ.
Baseball Call-out for Women: April 4, 5, 9, 11, 12 at 4 p. m. at the Intramural field. Three practices are required. —PIDGEON.
FOR BENT Smw—KaatnA-Car 8«rvle«. Can (or aU oetamUnu. Mia. $2.M all night. Ptwaa 7iM4.
From Committee: Meeting in Union' office at 4 p. m. Wednesday, April 3. Important. —ROYCE.
LOOT AND F01I1G8 LOST—On campus Monday, Exponent gold key. Reward. Don Tertio, 76061.
Riding Club: Meeting Wednesday, April 3, in Union office at 8 p. m. —HARTMAN.
Lost: Monday—Slide rule with name of “Charles Schaefer’’ on it. Finder call 66868. Reward.
Wesley Foundation: Folk games Party Saturday evening at the Methodist church at 8 p. in. Free. AU welcome, especially couples. —MCFADDEN.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Typewritm. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purehased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. EbersbeS, 606 Main street.
ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN ADVANCED Thurs. April 4th, 6:30 p.m. BEGINNER'S I Fri. ApriL 5th, 6:00 p.m. ALL CHILDERN'S CLASSES SATURDAY APRIL 6th PHONE 2150 AldfjjKiyS Uk smd Werntf
LUXURIOUS SEATS
NOW SHOWING
An Outstanding Motion. Picture EVENT!
IELlN(XP IN Illinois Pulitzer Prize Play with STARTS SATURDAY MOR^NING 10:00 A. M. EVEN BETTER THAN SNOW WHITE^ W.D.P.
lUalt Disney's PCATURiE proouction | Pinacchio
in;* TECHNICOLOR
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
-2 FIRST RUN HITS—
'^s^llVINGSIOM msmoiwTosmwsBiuufl
— PLUS
LAST DAY—2 FEATURES ALICE FAYE WARNER BAXTER in "BARRICADE" — ALSO — ROBERT MONTGOMERY in "EARL OF CHICAGO'
ARC
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
-THURS. - FRI. - SAT. WESTERN CARAVENS ISLAND OF LOST MEN DAREDEVILS OF THE RED CIRCLE. Y'^ h
■*>f. ^1
Wednesday. April 3, 1940 Grid Sfciff Prepares For Annual Football Clinic By John GniadOk Judging' from advance registrations, the annual football clinis to be hdld in the fieldhouse Friday and Saturday, will be attended by college and high sch9(ol coaches from seven states. The comprehensive two day program as arranged by Mai Elward will cover every phase of the game in a practical manner. Joe Boland, coach of Notre Dame's Irish gridders, along with the outstanding high school mentors will join with the members of the Boilermaker staff in the discussions. Following motion pictures, which . .
THE POEDUE EXPONENT
£xpomjd SpoAiA fiaqsi
Rolfe Jenkins, Sports Editor
Night Editor, Marquis
will Open the program Friday morning, a variety of subjects will be presented with Robert Nipper of Shortridge, IndiShap^lis, outlining the steps of developing winning football, while Robert Nulf, coach at North Side, Fort Wayne, will take up organization and theory. Backfield fundamentals will be pointed out by Byron Stout of Sheridan and the morning session will be ended by an explanation of an offense that combines the single wing and the Notre Dame style of attack by Raymond Trobaugh, mentor at Kokomo. “Doc” Miller On Injuries To open the afternoon festivities. Dr. S. J. Miller, Riveter team physician, and Lou Mann, team trainer, will combine in a demonstration and discussion of methods of preventing and treating injuries. Bob Whittaker of Sandusky, Ohio, will talk on the subject of defense. Field work with the Riveter squad, which lost but one Big Ten game last fall, will serve to demonstrate grid styles and tactics to the clinic. Coaches Banquet One of the highlights of the two days will be the annual banquet of the coaches on Friday evening at which Arch Ward, sports editor of of the Chicago Tribune, will be the the Chicago Tribune, will be the principal speaker. Other speakers will include President E, C. Elliott, Boland, Irish mentor, and Henry Bogue, Washington high school, Indianapolis, who will serve as toastmaster. Immediately following the banquet, the coaches will assemble for
ICE ONLY ONCE IN 4 TO 7 DAYS
THIMVIlONCrONB . iJocdeiMrtor ^kt REFRICERATOB TEN DAYS FREE TRIAL LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO. PHONE 5078 „ 4th & SALEM STREETS
BLUEBIRD POPULAR RELEASE
On Sale This Week
26536 jack the Bear—F. T, Morning Glory—F. T. Duke Ellington and his Famous Orchestra 26538 Castle of Dreams—^Waltz Gypsy Tears—F. T. (V. R.) Wayne King and his Orchestra 26539 Polka Dots and Moonbeams— F. T. (V. R.) I'll Be Seeing You—F. T. (V. R.) Tommy Dorsey and his Orchestra 26540 Sierra Sue—F. T. (V. R.) ^ Please Take a Letter, Miss e Brown—F. T. <V. R.) Swing and Sway with Sammy Kay 26541 Tiny Old Town—F, T. <V. R.) You Oughta Hang Your Heart in Shame—F. T. (V. R.) Larry Clinton and his Orchestra
The Foster Shop Autheitnul Deatan RCA • VICTROLAB • VICTDR RBOOROS last SMe Sqaara
a round-t4ble discussion under the leadership of Paul Kelley of Sullivan while the officials will have a special session under the direction of W. H. Ashley of Indianapolis, president of the Indiana Officials’ Association. Game Pictures Selected motion pictures will open the meeting on Saturday morning, following which A. L. Cronin, from Leo high school of Chicago, Illinois, will take up the use of the short, punt formation. As a final speaker, Boland will discuss the intricacies of the forward wall play. Three Purdue Swimmers Compete In NCAA Meef A trio of Boilermaker swimmers competed last week in the NCAA tank championships held in the Yale Natatorium. Dick Kratzer, Riveter sophomore star, finished fourth in the third heat of the 220 yard freestyle event with a time of 2:25.8. Dan Anderson finished sixth in the first heat of the 160 yard backstroke, while Ted Anderson was sixth in the fourth heat. The Riveter 300 yard medley relay team was Coach Dick Papenguth, Homer Altouch. WAA Will Send Delegates To Illinois AFCW Meeting Purdue women will attend the North Central district, convention of the Athletic Federation of College Women which will be held April 11-13 on the Illinois State Normal campus. Approximately 260 delegates are to represent 64 schools from eight staffs and are expected to attend. Other Indiana colleges to be represented are: Ball State, DePauw, Indiana teachers, and Indiana University. Among prominent speakers will be Dr. Elizabeth Halsey, head of the department at the State University of Iowa, and Miss Marie Hartwig of the University of Michigan.
Pittsburgh Baseball Frosh Track Team Squad Includes 16 Wins Sixth Straight
Former College Men When the 1940 edition of the Pittsburgh baseball club invades the Riveter campus April 12 to do battle with the Boilermakers, no less than 16 college graduates will grace their roster. This number far exceeds that appearing on any professioiial baseball squad organized for the present season. Leading the Buccaneers who hail an alma mater is Manager Frankie Frisch, who took up his professional baseball career after receiving his diploma from the University of Fordham in New York. The Big Ten has its contribution on the squad in the person of Johnny Gee, who brought his six feet, nine inches to glory on the pitchers’ mound at the University of Michigan. Other pitchers who hurled during college days are Mace Brown, from the University of Iowa, “Rip” Sewell, of Vanderbilt, Johnny Banning, of North Carolina State, and Bill Clemensen, who is still enrolled in the forestry school at San Jose State on the west coast. With such an educated mound staff facing them. Boilermaker batsmen may have to do plenty of calculating if they want those precious base hits. “Big And Little Poison” Paul and Lloyd Waner, for thirteen years the backbone of the Pirate outer defense, both attended East Central College, of Ada, Oklahoma, before beginning-'their thirteen year trick on the team. Eddie 'i’ount, of Wake Forest, completes the outfield of higher education. Another brother combination in the persons of Lee and Eugene Handley, graduates of Bradley Poly Tech Institute of Peoria, heads the graduates in the infield. In addition “Ace” Parker, former star for Duke University and Bill Brubaker, veteran who received a degree from UCLA, will appear with the squad. Catchers Joe Schultz, of St. Louis University, and George Susce, of St Bonaventure, wind up the club which exhibits a former collegian in every position. When these all-
Winding up one of the best indoor seasons in the University’s history with an overwhelming 61-16 victory over Chicago, the Boilermaker freshman track team today turned their eyes to the approaching outdoor competition. Six victories unblemished by defeat mark the sparkling performances of a potentially great squad. Both Indiana’s Cream and Crimson and Michigan’s perennial champions fell at the flying feet of HowaTd Wilkening’s collection of talent. Individuals Show Up Great individual performances were tqrned in by a number of the youngsters. Kemp and Longest both turned the mile in the low 4:20’s to give the Riveters distance hopes coupled with Stanley’s 9:57.2 in the two mile. Jentsch, Longest, and Kemp likewise galloped half-miles in under two niinutes. Lambert and Farnsworth stuck around 52 seconds for the quarter to present high hopes in that event. Dash men, with Menchofer outstanding, recorded times of 6.3 and 6.4 to challenge varsity records. Flickinger, Dodge, and Arnold negotiated the hurdles in around seven seconds to attract plenty of attention. Field Events In the field events, Grimm led the pole vaulters with an 11’ 6” leap, McEachem and Burkholder cleared the bar at 5’ 10” in the high jump, and Hartup soared 22’ 1” in the broad jump. Reading did the outstanding work with the shot, tossing the iron ball close to the 40 foot mark on most of his attempts. With such records as these. Boilermaker fans have hopes of seeing their team in the national spotlight in future competition.
star alumni tangle with the Gold and Black undergraduates, plenty of competition involving the “old college try” should bring thrills to the spectators not commonly witnessed on amateur diamonds.
—with a new permanent and an exciting hair do the Loeb way. Expertly trained operators are here to serve you and to enhance your natural loveliness.
^[ojibX. Ssbcujdtu. SalofL
Boilermaker N i n e D r i 11 $ For Little Giant Invasion Finding Hoosier weather almost as sunny as the old South, Coach Fehring’s Riveter nine had no trouble in settling down to an intensive drill yesterday aftemon for Saturday's tussle with Wabash College. With a squad limited to 19 men, all of whom were members of the successful southern invasion, the Riveters will open their home season against the Little Giants at 2 o’clock on Ross-Ade field.
peldsuA, Qlwksi 4 By Robert J. Decijkaid A galaxy of stars, ladies and gentlemen! A treat you can’t afford to miss! 'Cause there’ll be the Waner brothers, Rizzo, Frisch, Wagner, Klein, and a host of other Pittsburgh Pirate baseball players on hand April 12, a big date on your calendar . . . And here at the Ross-Ade Recreation Field playing against our own Boilermaker nine. —^fc— Get your ducats early in order to be sure to see Felix Mackiewicz, slugging PU third-baseman, swing from his heels in an effort to tear the pill into shreds from one of the Corsair slabmen’s slants across the pan . . . And watch Wayne Hearne, shortstop, field a hot grounder hit by hard-hitting Chuck Klein, or Lloyd or Paul Waner... Boy! Thht’s a treat you have never gotten around here before, watching big league players play Purdue. The ticket sale is moving along fast. .. so get the pasteboards early. —fc— A pair of sophomores, Jim Ridgway and Don Blanken, showed up some of the veterans during the Boilermaker baseball team’s trek southward during the vacation . . . Ridgway negotiated a .500 average at the plate, while Blanken had a .400, to lead the pack. —fc— The “veterans” were led by Dick War go, transplanted outfielder, at the plate, the former slabman in five games clipping out seven hits in 22 times at the plate for a .318. .. . And Dick didn’t do badly in the outfield, handling 18 chances without an error. —^fc— Frank Smithson, first baseman, commands some commendation for his fielding during the southern jaunt ... In 36 chances, Frank errored only once, getting a .972 average.
This being the season opener for the Little Giants, their strength is a question mark, although their team is almost the same as last year’s. Playing left field for the Little Giants, Paul Emmert, brother of Riveter Johnny, has one of the most dangerous bats on the invading team. Against the Boilermakers last year Paul clubbed hurlers Wargo and Bredewater for two hits ha the second of a two-game series. Riveters Won Last Year In the first of last spring’s Boil-ermaker-Little Giant tilts, the Fehringmen downed the Crawfordsville team, 9-3, behind Johnny Emmert’S four-hit twirling. The Wabash nine foimd the Riveters a further improved club at the next meeting, and were vanquished 116 by a l6-hit barrage, paced by homers from Smithson and Fisher. Although the fight for any one position is not settled, Fehring announces that the lineup taking the field against the Cavemen will be virtually the same as on the southern tour. The transplanted keystoner, co-captain Heame, will appear at his new position of shortstop, although two sophomores, Rawles and Keene, are still in spot to see action. In Hearne’s old position McFarren, another sophomore, will start. The mound duties will be divided among Bailey, Blanken, Higgins, and Navta. Southern Trip Averages Averages for the spring trip reveal that the Boilermakers clubbed the southern twirlers at the rate of a .269. Heading the pa<dc in hitting, Dick Wargo, an ex-hurler, hit at a .318 rate, which includes one homer. Behind him, of the regulars, are Mackiewicz, .316 and Fisher with .308. Perhaps Mackiewicz was the outstanding infielder from the standpoint of fielding. He handled 18 chances without a bobble. In the mound department Higgins won two games, while Navta and Blanken each were credited with one win. Bob Bailey was charged with the lone defeat, although he struck out 12 batters and allowed only two earned run^ in the nine frames he worked. Don Blanken authored the lowest earned run average, 1.12. Bailey and Higgins followed with an average of 2 earned runs per nine-inning game.
YOU'LL b» excited os any kid when you see MAGIC Margin. Aulofnalic, there's no fuss, no fretf You'll gel another thrill when you see SHIFT FREEDOM—no Aoot, no flutter ... when you try Writing on Ah— thanks lo Royal's New SHOCK-ABSORBERS.
AMERICA'S NEWEST HOME APPLIANCE THINK OF IT! Right here in oar store—ready—waiting for you to try it—the New Royal—the first and only portable typewriter complete with MAGIC Margin and many other exdmnve Royal MAGIC Features! Better stop in soon.
fmtnmi
DECKER’S
518-20 Main St.PUBDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday# April 3# 1940
■f-
iftl
•A’
it
Jjumh^ Jalk
Gciod News
Current locker conditions in the fieldhouse would seem to indicate that the student body is becoming athletic minded. At present students have reserved all but ll of the permanent lockers. This seemed rather sad at first, because there are a number of people who have had no occasion to use the fieldhouse's facilities during the winter, who will want to for the remainder of the semester. There is bound to be a certain percentage of this group who do not have lockers and 11 lockers didn’t seem to be enough to take care of them. Chief Clevett of the intramural department stated that while there are only 11 permanent lockers left, emergency provisions have been made so that students may check out baskets and locks whenever they have occasion to use the fieldhouse. This should take care of the situation for the remainder of the semester and provisions are being made for the installation of an additional seven hundred lockers by next semester. We are glad to see the students taking such an active interest in the University athletic program and making use of the facilities which have been provided for them. —J.C.W.
Folk-games To Entertain University Research Men
Wesley Foundation Sat. Finish New Osciilograph
Wesley Foundation members will be entertained at a “folk games” party Saturday at 8 p. m. in the church. Both American and European games will be played, and refreshments will be served at the close of the party. All members of the organization and their friends are invited. Those who attend are asked to bring dates since most of the folk-games are for couples.
Scene from “HEDDA GABLER”—EVA LE GALLIENNE as HEDDA (Center): KATHERINE SQUIRE (MRS. ELVSTED) (right): EARL LARIMORE (EILBERT LOVBORG)—left—in Isben’s classic drama “HEDDA GABLER” coming to the Mars Theatre Today. Matinee and Evening performances. “The play must b^ built around the inevitable,” wrote Ibsen in one of his voluminous notebooks, “the hankering after and aiming at something that stands against all conventions, established customs, in one’s consciousness — also in Hedda’s.” A master craftsman of his art, Ibsen depicts human beings, human emotions, and human destinies, upon a groundwork of certain of social conditions and principles of the present day.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DEAC* Everything fot a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK OR. LUTHER A RISK DR. HAROLD j. RISK 4th & Main Phona 5701
• Jewelers
• Hardware
Hays Jewelry Company ' East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Dairy Products
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY quality milk Phone 46214
• Dine
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFfBE 5c
But
IncidmttaUy
By Vladimir
Wie always get dirt and more dirt after the inspection trips, and the trip out East made by the Chems and Mets was not in vain. —B & B—
Ah, spring is here! Isn’t it great, just to be alive? Especially in Indiana. In case you don’t happen to know just what a wonderful place this state is, we’ll refer you to a recent release from the state publicity bureau. “Indiana,” it ^id, in large, three-quarters of an inch type, “The center of almost everything.”
The first report states that Purdue should get together with a school in Harrisonburg, Virginia. It’s a girls’ school, and the boys say that every gal is beautiful. They almost hopped off the busses when they went through'the town . . . —B & B—
In the same folder we see that the area in a 1,600 mile circle around our Hoosier state furnishes 99 per cent of the nation’s corn. Excluding orchestras.
And we WON’T mention any names. No matter how we feel.
Purdue Exponent
B. E. Xiuler Edltor-ln-CWe* W. E. Smith Bnslnesa Uanacw
D. 6. Tervio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, manasring editor; E. M. Antonini, senior advertisinsr mansKer; G. Schillincr, co-ed editor; E. Jenkins, sports editor.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mall subscription $8.60.
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc, New York, N. Y.
All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director.
Night Editor, Donahue Ass’t. Night Editor, Kennedy Day Editor, Carroll Wednesday, April 3, 1940
The wolves made a stop at Charleston. There our Casanova, Greorge Dewey, met a bee-oo-ti£ull girl. He danced with her, shot the old line, and finally introduced her to Don Boynton. But alas and alack! She went home with Don . . . “After all I had done for her,” grieved our G. A. —B & B—
The releases we get from Paramount Studios are hard to understand. We have one here now that tells us much too much about a film depicting college life in 1906.
Overheard, but not in the sweetshop: “Yeah, he changes women at the drop of a handkerchief.”
It says, in part, “It gives a real low-down on college days, and Dad and Mother are quite likely to be considerably surprised!” By what?
The sound of bells, ringing violently, seems to be filling the Union building now.' We’re leaving you while we carry on an investigation. It might be the Good Humor man.
Construction of a cathode-ray oscillograph for the Delco-Remy Division of General Motors at Anderson, Indiana, has been completed this week in the electrical division of the engineering experiment station. The design and construction of the oscillograph has bben under the direction of Prof. R. H. George and Mr. C. S. Sprague. Prof. George holds a number of basic patents on this type of oscillograph.
. . . and so on to Governor N. Y. Art Christenson, Met, stepped into a dive and there fell into the dutches of a sweet innocent young lady who didn’t decline his offer to be her escort. “But, she says, I’ve got to find a good boyfriend for my girl friend.” Her girl friend, six foot
two (in stocking feet) with a bulk of 182 pounds, sat meekly in a corner. So Art fixed her up with a friend, Charles Shafer. This poor boy pleaded with Art not to bring her up, but to no avail. Being a gentleman and a scholar, he finally took
the date. Today, he is recovering from his episode of that night. . . —B & B— How these boys DO get around! Our snoop reports that the rest of the boys were behaving like gentlemen. They practically lived in the burlesques, tsk, tsk . . .
The Kappa’s slipped once more. This time they let Phi Kapp Bob Reed, famous for being the man in the cast and for his sax playing with Little Jack Little hang his pin on a South Bend girl. Bobby passed out cigars last night after piiming Mary Longfield of South Bend.
1
%'r
THE HITLER BOMB'S
►was the Munich beer haU bemb
Germany? To miss Hitler on purpose? Mr. Bess tens “TTttLleek'sPc^ about thesuddeu n* of-^e of the most sinister figures m the wOTld to^ Md th
current struggle between
Reich army generals. A timely Post articl .
real vktim by DEMAREE BESS Qty wireless from Geneva)
CHlNiSE WOMHN DONY WEAll WEDWNC RINGS
TOO BAD that Yu Hao, the dainty young Chin^ ^*,1° All
TOO BAD that Yu Hao, AU
is week's Post.
The Marriage Month by Sidney herschel small
THE MAN WHO IS KING [in his spare time]
A New Comedy of Big Game Fishing in Movieland
. See how John T. McOutcheon, famous Chim^ Tnb« tnnnitLt rules his Treasure Island, near Nassau, flies his o^ Hag, lato’his own laws. Illustrated with fourteen photos m co or.
AND a new romance of the back country by Vereen Bell, Listen to the Whippoorwill; short stories by Doug Welch and Harry Klingsberg; a my^ tery serial by Mignon G. Eberhart (Hangman’sWhip);nuymond Moley on Business in the Woodshed; ajid an vaMBualmemoivJSawLeeSurrender. All in this week’s Post-now on sale.
$750 IN CASH PRIZES for "Confucius” sayings!
This way to Hollywood, where wild sea waves dash high (in the studio tank) and fighting monsters of the deep (rubber models) are artfully reeled in by “one of the most beautiful women available today”! This week’s Post brings you the rollicking, romantic, ridiculous adventures of Crunch and Des. In four parts.
For complete details, ask this newspaper for the Contest Pamphlet. Your entry may win the $100 first prize, or one of the 116 other cash prizes in this Saturday Evening Post contest for college students. act NOW! CONTEST CLOSES APRIL 51
Salt Water Daffy ”by
iflM ^
©