1>,l 's ^ '■I'l ' ■* " * Iff’ «' ” ■^'Vi ! ' A " ^r, ;?>-i,' I 1 '' '' . i^ut 'fjJ. -1 > a^J'' *"
-« < ”
^v » / ^ *;-
'*'■ •;■ t'-*®'■Sir* "»>««'■■■ J; .j. . ^ .T. ij •* -^ £.St;;{f^ .Svtrc
dThc PurjCiuE 'Exti0iTeitt
PubUshed Biiljr by Students of Pufdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1936
lite!lMi
NUMBER 49
2800 Students Sign Holiday ^ Petitions
Present Names To President Elliott This After-
non
Fifty-one per cent of the University students had Hfiffixed their names to the Thanksgiving holiday petition at 8 o'clock last night. Twenty-seven hundred ninety-three signatures were collected by members of the group sponsoring the petition. Some time this afternoon the entire petition will be presented to President E. C. Elliott. All signatures must be in by noon. Any official blank will be available at the Union desk for any students who have not yet had a chance to sign. Noon Deadline Any blanks that are still in the hands of the group must be turned in at the Union desk before noon in order to be counted. Any rooming house or group of students may make a copy of the petition blanks and turn it in with their names at the bottom. , No Penalty Some of the eds and co-eds were afraid to sign the petition because they thought the University officials might take time off Christmas or spring vacation periods. This cannot be done without taking a vote of the entire student body.
Indiana Cattle
Feeders Meet
Here Friday
Final arrangements have been made for the Indiana Cattle Feeders’ Association whidipyili b^^held at the University on Friday, re was announced last night by ^rof. Frank G. King, secretary of the association, and chief of the animal husbandry department. Dr, E. C. Young of the Purdue farm management staff will discuss market prices of cattle and corn. The speakers from the farm will be Brother Leo, manager of the Notre Dame farm for many years; James Little of Lowell; Paul Thompson, Clinton; and Newell Merrill, of Elwood.
Discussion Group Will Meet Tonight; Carl Peth To Lead The Discussion Group, sponsored by the Student Union will meet tonight at T:30 p. m. in room C of Memorial Union Building. The topic is “The Dependence, InterdependAnd Individuals.” Carl Peth will lead the discussion.
Senate Holds
Second Meeting
With the exception of two members, the Student Senate voted in favor of a four-day Thanksgiving holiday at its second meeting in the Memorial Union Building last night The Senate voted to refer the matter of fraternity probation to the Interfraternity Presidents’ Council. Martin announced the following committee chairmen: elections, R. J. Craig; student relations, Martha Wood; publicity, J. D. Miles; handbooks, C, G. Elliott; constitution, D. J. Rohyans; and eligibility, J. W. Townsend. The Senate declared itself in favor of renewing its membership in the National Student Federation upon a motion to that effect by Elliott.
More Days To Get That
BUCKET!
Hoof And Horn Add Five New Members
Initiation ceremonies were held recently at a banquet in the Home Economics Building for five new members of Hoof and Horn, animal husbandry honorary. The new men are: R. H. Douglas, H. D. Elijah, H. F. Grry, T. K. Parkison, and R. D, Wilson. Twenty-five active and associate members were present to witness the ceremony and to hear an address by Noah Hadley, County Agent from Pulton County, who spoke on the possibilities of a successful future for the livestock industry.
George Ade Near Death
Author Is Confined To Oxygen Tent As Reshlt Of Back Injuries
George Ade, Purdue’s most famous alumnus, was reported near death by his doctors yesterday. He is confined under an oxygen tent at his winter home at Miami Beach, Florida, where his condition is described as “hypostatic.” A contributing cause to the seriousness of Ade’s condition, according to statements made by his doctors, is the fact that he had not completely recovered from back injuries suffered in a fall at his home in Brook, Indiana, about three weeks ago. Author, Play write Ade, a member of Sigma Chi fraternity, graduated from the University school of science in 1887, and took up newspaper work in Chicago. He soon became famous as a columnist and hipnorisi;, his “Fables In «Slang” in^oducihg a new style in humorous literature. He was for a long time famous as one of America’s leading authors and playwrites. Ade has been one of Purdue’s main benefactors in the years since his graduation, and although his part in financing the Ross-Ade Stadium is perhaps his greatest single piece of philanthropy, he has contributed to many University causes and institutions.
Mixer Will Feature Two Orchestras
Continuous dancing will be on the program for Saturday’s mixer when Johnny Ammerman and Bud Bryant play in the Memorial Union ballroom. Dancing will begin at 7 o’clock and last until midnight. Union officials expect a capacity crowd. The admission will be one dollar.
Hanley Speeches Begin Today
The preliminaries for the sophomores of the Hanley speech contest will be held in room 301 of the University Hall at 4 o’clock this afternoon. The final contest will be held tonight at seven-thirty in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. The judges, chosen by the speech department, will bc C. B. Aiken, R. M. Horn, W. V. Owen, and Michael Ricks. The4:hairman in charge is H. C. Venemann, of the electrical engineering school.
ERASMUS DAY
The Erasmus Day special convocation will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall at 3 p. m., November 18. The speaker will be the distinguished American humanist, Dean Gordon Laing, of the Universi^ty of Chicago. All classes will be dismissed for the period to enable interested students and faculty members to attend. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
Anson Weeks
To Play For Blanket Hop WeU Known Orchestra WiH Provide Music Friday Night
* Anson Weeks and his nationally famous orchestra will play for the Blanket Hop Friday night in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. One of the outstanding campus events of the season, this dance is given in honor of the “P” men and the proceeds are used to buy blankets for the teams. Gaining his first recognition in San Francisco, Anson Weeks progressed to many big radio broadcasts and also became one of Brvmswick’s leading recording artists. He has played in practically all of the entertainment centers of the nation. As an added attraction Margie Dee will sing with the orchestra.
Patient Sinks; End Expected
By I. N. Diana
Bloomington, Ind., November 17 —(Special)—Miss Indiana Football continued to sink lower today despite feverish activities of the Head Physician “Bo” McMillin and his staff of assistants. It IS now believed certain that she will lose both her “ends” as well as a good part of her “center.” Doctors prepared for the amputation early today. Although the news is being censored, it is believed that the amputations were effected early today. Unofficial sources had stated that the patient was not reacting favombly to the operations. Miss Indiana continues to sink as we go to press.
Visiting Mothers To Have Dinner
The Purdue Mothers’ Club is sponsoring a dinner for visiting mothers, Saturday evening at 6 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Dean Mary L. Matthews will speak. A short novelty program will be presented by the Girls’ Glee Club. Reservations for this dinner may be made at all sorority and fraternnity houses and at the Union desk. They must be made by Friday. Nov ember 20. Out-of-town mothers will also be entertained by the Purdue Mothers’ Club at a reception from 10 to 6:^0 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building.
Livestock Show
Tonight In Pavilion
The “Little International,” the annual livestock Show conducted by the University, will be held this evening in the Judging Pavillion at 7:30 o’clock. Representative livestock from four classes, beef cattle, hogs, sheep, and horses, will be displayed.
CE Faculty Reception
The Student Union is holding a reception for the C. E. faculty tonight at 7:30 in rooms 1 and 8 of the Memorial Union Building.
PENALTY DATES
During the l>re6ent semester there are four penalty dates. They aife! November 26, 27, 12 o’clock December 18 to iz o’clock Decentber 19. and January 4. These four days represent the 24 hour periods perceeding and following the Thanksgiving and Christmas vacatiohs. Executive Memorandum: “No excuse will be granted prior to any absence on penalty days. Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake, may file With the President a certified detailed statement explaining the case within seven days following the close of the recess, petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary payment.’’ Penal^ Rule: “Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the 24 hoprs (not including Saturday afternoon or Sunday) immediately preceeding or following an authoiized holiday or recess shall pay to the cashier an extra fee of $6 for each 24 hour period or fraction thereof missed.’’ M. h. FISHER, Dean of Men. i
Freshmen Debate
Tryouts Dec. 1
Tryouts for the freshman debate team will be held Tuesday, December 1, from 3:45 to 5:00 p. m. in room 301 of University Hall. Each freshman interested will give a five
minute talk on the question, “Re-
solved: That the extension of consumer cooperatives would contribute to public welfare.” Finalists in the Beveridge contest will not have to speak, but will have to appear at the same time as the others to signify their desire to be on the team.
Do You Know YourNumber!
Reamers Sponsor Autographed BaU Drawing
There are only three more days to “Get That Bucket,” and there are also only three more days to find out what your student number is, so that you can claim the autographed football at Friday ^ht’s pep session, in case your number is the one drawn from the imitation Old Oaken Bucket. Student numbers may be found on the receipts for payment of fees to the University cashier or by asking an instructor to look up the number on the class cards. Plans for getting the autographs of all members of this year’s gridiron team, of^Coach Noble Kizer and assistant football coaches, of President Elliott, and of “Spots” Emrick, band director, on the $15 pigskin are being carried out by Reamer Club, Tickets stamped with a number corresponding that of each student enrolled in the University will be placed in the wooden keg, and Professor Emrick will draw out a number n^r the close of’the Cheer gath-^ ering. If the ball is not claimed within two minutes, an additional drawing or drawings will be made. Reamer members will not claim the football if their number is the one drawn.
Sweet Shop Thrown Into Confusion
By Hairy Monster
By Dorothea Justin With menacing arms upraised, grunting gutterally, a large beast invaded the Sweet Shop yesterday afternoon. Karl Mueller, his appetite spoiled for cokes, shepherded his lady out, Betty Barnett laughed shrilly. Mary Alice Kelsay came running. Apparently this creature with dark hair covering his body and glittering green eyes was a pet of hers. A crowd was grouped about the strange apparition. Was he real? He looked horrible. He was. With a roar, he lunged into a booth, and his reception prdved that he was at least solid. Photo A1 Brandt, with his usual camera, took a flash photo for the Debns of thq, heavy-set ape creature. As the monster turned, a sign reading “The^Hairy Ape,” was visible. The riddle was solved. This hideous being was merely an advance showing of the play to be presented next Friday and Saturday by Playshop at Duncan Hall at 8:30 p. m. More serious sleuthing revealed that Chuck Callis was the liver, spleen, heart and arteries of the “Hairy Ape” roaming about the Memorial Upion Building yesterday.
UNIVERSITY DIRECTORIES
Directories have been ^tributed to the University offices for departmental use. Members of the staff may obtain one copy each\for personal use by calling for it at the editor’s office, Service and Stores Building. Students may obtain one copy each, as long as the supply lasts, upon presentation of their first semester schedule cards at the registrars office. RALPH B, STONE, Registrar.
Dr. Laing To Speak At Special Convo Today
Chicago University Dean Will Honor Memory Of Erasmus In Lecture At 3 O^clock
Dr. Gordon Jennings Laing, dean of the Humanities at the University of Chicago, and head of the University Press there since 1923, will be the speaker this afternoon at 3 o’clock at a special convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall, to honor the memory of Erasmus, famous Dutch scholar and one of the leaders in the Renaissance and Refor-
Dr. G. L. Laing, University of Chicago dean, who will speak at the Erasmus convocation today at 3 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall.
Co-ed Sports
Nov. 21
Day
Co-ed Sports Day will be observed Satui'day, November 21, by W. A. A. At ten o’clock the two allstar hockey teams, the Gold and the Black, will play for the all-star cup. At eleven o’clock the Lafayette Hockey Club will play the«Etcetras team. Margaret Richey has been appointed captain for the boosters of the Gold team, / and Margaret F. Jones captain of the Black team’s boosters. Girls are asked to sign up at the Women’s Gym for the team which they wish to support. The Sugar Bowl Classic for the two speedball teams, the Speed Demons and the Field Swabs, will be played at ten o’clock Saturday morning. This speedball tournament IS a new feature of the W. A. A. fall program. Archery champions will also be chosen Saturday. Girls are urged to bring dads to these final games of the year.
L. V. Moser To Address Art Club Tomorrow
Meeting of the Art Club will be held tomorrow at 7 p. m., in room D of the Union Building. The program will include a talk by L. V, Moser on “Different Tsrpes Of Architecture Relating To The Locality.”
Dr. Forbes WiU Talk To Sigma Xi Tonight Dr. Edwai-d W. Forbes, director
of the Fogg Art Institute, Harvard University, will speak on “The Modern Scientific Study Of The Condition Of Pictures” before an open meeting of Sigma Xi tonight at 8 p. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall.
Theta Xi Theta Xi announces the initiation of Don Goodman, Iiafayette, and P. John Bryapt, Weatfieid, N. J.
Cloudy & Cold
mation xieriod. The meeting in Fowler Hall, which is open to students, faculty and townspeople, will be part of a nation-wide program in many institutions of higher learning to mark the anniversary of the death of the great scholar who lived from 1466 to 1536, but who has left his imprint on the field of theology and in the field of general education. World-Wide Observance The speaker for the special exercises today, which are being conducted in Europe by the government of Holland and in this country through the Netherlands-American Foundation of New York in cooperation with Columbia University, likewise has made a name for himself in the field of education. He was graduated fromr the University of Toronto in 1891 and obtained his doctorate from Johns Hopkins in 1896. He also holds honorary degrees from theUniversity of Westei’n Ontario and the University of Pittsburgh. Since 1931 he has been dean of the Division of Humanities at Chicago. He is the author of several books in the field of Latin and has lectured both in America and Europe. Prof. O. F. Hall, head of the department of education and chairman of the committee that has arranged the local observance of Erasmus Day, will preside at the convocation.
Noted Speakers Invited To WBAA Radio Conference
A one-day conference on radio broadcasting will be held on December 5 in the Purdue Memorial Union Building under the direction of WBAA and the University Radio Committee, and with the cooperation of the school of electrical engineering, engineering extension, and division of speech. The purpose is to bring together representatives of civic organizations, public schools, and commercial and institutional broadcasters to consider problems of mutual interest, to foster closer cooperation for the improvement of radio participation, and to discuss more effective use of radio facilities. Noted Authorities Speakers who have been invited include C. E. Menser, director central division (NBC) in Chicago; S. Howard Evans, secretary national committee on education by radio. New York; Quinn Ryan, WGN; Joe Wright, WILL; Joseph Reis, WLW; 'Blanche Ypung, assistant director publicity for Indianapolis public schools, Indianapolis, and others.
By Tempy Exponent Weather Mouse I just started to write my column when I heard that wierd wailing coming from the boss’ office again. I got up to put some cotton in my ears and when I returned someone had written “Booooo” on the sheet in my machine. I ask you, is that nice? I see I’m not appreciated. My dander is up and my tail is <pnv&nng with anger. And just for that insult, the weather will be eloudy and cold today with a poasibility of snow,
To Give Drama Analysis In Music Room Program E. A. Smith, junior in the University school of electrical engineering, will conduct this evening’s program at 7:30 o’clock in the music room of the Memorial Union Building. The program will be given to a brief analysis of Wegner’s dra* ma, “Tristan And Isolde,” Illustrating themes or “lieb-motafs” of the drama will be played on piano preceding the playing of tiie recordings.
imMmi
JPage Two
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday. Novembey 18,1&36
Concerning Erasmus Today is Erasmus Day. The celebration is world-wide, with Purdue University entering into the movement to honor the reno^^ed Dutch scholar by sponsoring a convocation. Dr. Gordon Jennings Laing, dean of humanities at the University of Chicago, will speak in Eliza Fowler Hall at 3 o’clock this afternoon. The exercises in Europe are being sponsored by the government of Holland and in the United States by the Netherland-Americap Foundation in New York in cooperation with Columbia University. . Many students have been wondering who Erasmus was, what he did, and why. Some have even questioned whether he was still living or not. It might be well to settle a few of these points. This year is the four hundredth anniversary of the death of Erasmus; that is why this particular year has been chosen for honoring the memory of one who has contributed much to the culture of the world. Desiderius Erasmus was born in Rotterdam in 1466. Though of illegitimate birth, he soon rose to fame as a scholar after entering the order of “The Breath Of The Common Life ’ at Boise le Due, and later at Delft. In 1492, while Columbus was discovering America, the young man Erasmus further pursued his studies at the College of Montaigne, Paris. By this tiine he was one of the most famous scholars of his time. He yielded to the persuasion of his pupil. Lord Montjoy, and visited England where he studied Greek at Oxford and formed a staunch friendship with Thomas More. At this time he wrote “Adagia,” his first and most popular work. It was a collection of scattered sayings culled from classic authors. He wrote several other works before leaving England to travel about the continent where he was given great ovations in centers of learning. It was while returning to England after King Henry VIII has ascended the throne that he sketched the plan for his immortal satire, “Enconium Moriae,” the praise of folly, written as an oration delivered by Folly to an audience composed of all types of mep. While in England he taught Greek at Cambridge. In 1517 he left England to spend the remainder of his life writing his scholarly works for a publishing house on the continent. However, aside from his scholarly work, Erasmus is respected most for his influence during the Rennaisance and Reformation periods. He is generally considered one of the greatest forces motivating the Reformation, although he never broke with the Church of Rome. He attacked both Luther and the Church of Rome in his satires. He was not loved by his fellow writers because of his nonpartisanship. He abhorred everything that savored of fanaticism. His motto was moderation in everything. He turned his critics into enemies with his biting satire panning the pedantic fastidiousness of the writers of that age. Erasmus was unquestionably the intellectual dictator of his age, and his influence is still felt in intellectual circles. So it is not without reason that today we observe the four hundredth anniversary of the death of Erasmus.—A. H. F.
1<)36 Member |qJ7 Pbsocioled Cbllediale Press Distributors of Gc)lle6iciteDi6e$t
Srort§ £dilor. Awociste Sports Editors
8POBTS STAFF
AEPRKaeNTBD FOR NATIONAU ADVCRTfSING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. Chicago • Boston . san Francisco LOS Angeles - Portland • Seattle Ente^ as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, In•lana. Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents. _ , MAIN OFFICE—812-North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087 Daily Student Publication of Purdue University EDITORIAL STAFF JBditor*in-Chief. . . w. T. Hunt ManaginK Editor B. H. Morris Associate Editors ... K. A, Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, S. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
L. D. Wood
W. H. Fifield, S. R. Griffiths,
R, F. Obenebain
„ , „ BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager... B, j, Hulse National Advertising Manager . „ L. H. Brown Advertising Manager. D. C, Miller CSieularion Manager. j. p, Girard
. WOMEN'S STAFF « — —■ Helen Creech .Manager . Betty Barnett Aasonate Editors ..., Jeanne Janonsefc, Doris McCartney, Elisabeth Pyfe liMiis Editer-~A. B. KeUer.
et, dig out that shotgun, rifle, BB gun, or whatever it happens to be, and sally forth in pursuit of game. Rabbit hunting seems to be the ideal quaray for the average amateur hunter. The elusive cottontail, although it gives the hunter a real run for his money, is plentiful and comparatively easy to bag. However, quail hunting has been increasing in popularity in this state the last few years, and indications for this year seem to indicate that the lowly “Bobwhite” will be in demand more than ever. Indiana hunters must observe several rules and regulations. First, all hunters must have a hunting license except when hunting on their own land. Residents of the state may obtain licenses from county clerks for the sum of one dollar. Non-resident licenses are $15.50. Both; of these are good for fishing and trapping as well as hunting. Advance license sales so far this year indicated a record-breaking number of hunters. The one saddening aspect of this national sport is the number of accidents that occur every year because of carelessness in handling firearms. In spite of all the advice that is given yearly on the use of weapons, some people insist on clowning around with a gun, with the result that an “unloaded” piece goes off and either kills or wounds someone nearby. This was demonstrated last year, when a Purdue student was wounded while cleaning a gun. Advice from experienced hunters as to how to avoid these needless casualties can usually be boiled down to this: always handle a gun as if it were loaded. That many Purdue students are ardent hunters can be verified by taking a hike into the country surrounding West Lafayette some Saturday afternoon, and noticing the number of “bangs” that can be heard. The large number of hunters in the vicinity makes it imperative that all who carry guns exercise extreme caution in their use. However, the use of a reasonable amount of everyday “horse sense” will prevent any accidents and therefore increase the enjoyment derived from this national pastime.—J. S. B.
The Exponent welcomes comments of gooi taste and reasonable length from its readers.
Hunting Season With the opening of the hunting season on rabbits and quail last Tuesday, thousands of devotees of this oldest and most popular of sports took to the field and forest in their annual attempt to prove their prowess with shotgun and rifle. Hunting is a sport that is enjoyed by old and young alike. When the leaves turn yellow and red and begin to fall, hunters, ranging in age from 8 to 80 years old, rummage the clos^nrfiue exponent Foonded in 1883
Thanksgiving Vacation To the Editor: It may be all right for this University to be unique in that there is no smoking on the campus, but why should this uniqueness extend into the realms of vacations? Other universities all over the country are recogniz ing Thanksgiving with decent vacations that give the students time enough to get home or to some nearby relative to celebrate the holiday. Thanksgiving Day was originally inaugurated in New England in the year 1621 by Governor Bradford as a day of gratitude for the success of the colonists’ first year on the new continent. Through the years this custom spread until President Lincoln declared it a national holiday. Americans have been brought up with the Thanksgiving holiday ranking second only to Christmas in the festive spirit. One always thinks of the day with the head of the family carving a turkey for all the relatives who have gathered for the occasion. Most of the students in the University live in the state or near enough to make a trip home for Thanksgiving if they did not have to be back for classes the next morning. To the objection that any vacation now would cut down on our Christmas vacation a reference might be given to other universities which have the same length Christmas vacations and also a four day Thanksgiving vacation. Some of the students have become so interested in the possibility of a Thanksgiving vacation that they have been passing petitions around for their classmates to sign. These students are so few in number that their efforts are rather futile. Should there not be some way for the student body as a whole fo express itself on this matter?—^. R. C.
3 MORE DAYS TO GET THAT BUCKET The Phi Kappas are getting very anxious for cigars from one CHICK MEEHAN, who planked his pin out two weeks ago—^from the way he is going about this little business matter one would think he was interested in a free hair-cut—donated at the expert hands ? ? ? of the kind brothers . . . Phi Belt BUD RHODES is sure confident of his ability where one MARY ED JOHNSTON is concerned—RHODES made a bet with Phi Delt brother, “Mr. Fish” JOE MINER, that this charming little example of sex appeal wouldn’t have a date with another fellow for three weeks fror^ date the bet was made RHODES must be a plutocrat to throw away two bucks in such a manner . . . “What a Man” WANTLAND is cutting in on ATO brother, HEDLUND—upon a bet? WANTLAND took Kappa FITCH, HEDLUND’S pin woman, to the show Sunday night leaving HEDLUND steaming when he walked in and found his woman was out with another man ... , The Kappas have turned their new house into a modern beauty parlor—their most recent victim was the ATO dog—it came out with very red polish on its nails and Sigma Alpha Mu trimmed on its back—appointments between hours of 4 and 6 daily . . . SOCIETY: Alpha Xi Delta chapter house was the scene of a beautifully appointed tea Sunday afternoon honoring the mothers, club patronesses, alumnae and JOHN KECK . . . members of the senior class poured . . . MARS PASSES MARS. Don’t forget that those double passes go out this week for the best what-ja-ma-call-ets about Indiana’s poor team (we hope) or Dads ....
Editor’s Note: Because of schedule difficulties, it seems unlikely that the Thanksgiving vacation will be extended this year. If student opinion is heartily in favor of having a longer recess at this time of year, it is probable that University officials will plan for such a vacation in next year’s calendar.
Men are as transparent as cellophane anci as hard to remove once you get wrapped in them.—Nina Wilcox Putnam.
Some people die at thirty but are not buried till sixty.—^The Shaft.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
And what, may I ask, is a school of journalism?”
YWCA Notes Mrs. J. H. McKee will review the book, “Gone With The Wind,” by Margaret Mitchell before the Literary Interest group of the Y. W. C. A. this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the office. This book is a story of life in the South during the Civil War. The outdoor group of the Y. W. C. A. will study astronomy tonight at 8 o’clock. Miss Elizabeth Mitchell of the physics department will lead the astronomy walk. All those interested will meet at the Women’s Residence Hall.
“Ojric” Schnauzer Goes Theta Chi; What A Boy! “Oxie,” a Schnauzer from a long line of champion Schnauzers, went collegiate recently and pledged Theta Chi fraternity. As mascot of Alpha Delta chapter, he will be a full-fledged fraternity brother to Forrest Burmeister, guard; George Spehn, end; and Tony Ippolito, fullback of the Varsity football team. Raised in the Mertray Kennels of Mr. R. Boisacq in Park Ridge, Illinois, “Oxie” was presented to Theta Chi by Wilson & Co., makers of Ideal Dog Food. His kennel name is Raidium of Mertray.
WEISSMULLER
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday LAUREL and HARDY in “OUR RELATIONS” Full Length Features
Sutcliffe To Lead New Biography Discussion Professor Sutcliffe of the English department who was instrumental in selecting the list of biographies in the Browsing Room will lead a discussion on the same topic at the Browsing Room meeting tomorrow evening at 7:30 p. m.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
Learn to Dance By Enrolling in Our NEW BEGINNERS’ CLASS For Ladies and Gentlemen WED., NOV. 18, 7:00 p. m. Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Expoueint Platform
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Government. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and, reduce hon* orary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
ARC LAST TIMES TODAY LIONEL BABRYMORE MAUREEN O’SULLIVAN “The Devil Doll” CHARLES STARRETT in Peter B. Kyne’s “Mysterious Avenger” 15c Double Feature 15c
LAST TIMES TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
LastTimesToday Wheeler|& Woolsey’s best piaure Lafayette’S First Showing
'Thursday - hYiday - tsatuiuay DICK FORAN in “The California Mail” — and — PAUL KELLY in “The Accusing Finger”
The'*Cuckoo8*'ln Etf yof “Mummy’sBoy” They hunted mummies and found mammies!
with
Barbara Pepper, Moroni Olsen, Frank M. Thomas, Willie Best
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
LUMA
ALL THIS WEEK
«6.000 el the MoH Tbrillind Words Ever Writtsa Now Lsspto Life oo The Seteca es Waraer Novel S.IQMW' Pe^ Haw Rwd aadLtwd.
fTarner Bros. Present
flNTHONS. ADVERSE
«,HERVEY ALLEN
SlRtrtrt
FREDRIC MARCH OLIVIA de HAVILLAND ANITA Louise . donaed woods EDMUND OWENN • CLAUDE KMNS • I.OUIS HAYWARD • Oil. SondnOurd . Sleffi Dun. . Bll y M.ucii.Akim ‘ |}Ire«ifd bv MERVVN LbROY
Prices This Attraction Matinee 15c-25c-35c Night 15c - 35c - (45c-5c tax) 50c
Features Start atr 1:00 - 3:36 6:22 - 9:08%> f '• ’ 4 ^’' -Vi’' a;" *‘i'’ f ', A,j V,;, 1/'
Wednesday, November 18,1986
THE PHKDUE E^POIlENT
ftw»Thtt»
Neal^ly 30,000 People Will See lU Game
New Bleachers Erected To Hold Big Crowd
A record-breaking crowd of close to 30,000 people may witness the Purdue-Indiana grid battle at RossAde Stadium Saturday afternoon. The capacity has been increased to this point/'by the erection of temporary bleachers, since a complete sellout of the stadium on a reserved seat basis is practically assured.
New Bleachers
Temporary bleachers at the south end of the field has increased the reserved seat capacity by 1,800, and special bleachers in back of the north curve of the stadium will enable well over 1,000 of the patrons to obtain general admission tickets at the bargain price of one dollar to be seated. In addition to the temporary seats in the “standing room section in back of the north cmve, the permanent standing accommodations will have room for close to 2,600 additional fans. Tickets Going Fast Although the tickets are moving at a record rate daily, general admission standing room tickets are expected to be available Saturday morning before game time. There is a possibility that a few reserved seats will still be obtainable.
>‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
ATHLETE’S FOOT FORMULA Will give satisfaction |y or your money back. Checks the fnn'gus, soothes the soreness, * relieves intolerable itching. Cools—Comforts. One Jar 98c MED. FOOT SOAP Free TriaL^b^ tV 49c H. G. REISNER, Student Supplies HOOK’S DRUG CO. HUFFMAN DRUG CO.
ielder’s.... ....choice Bob Walpole •
This morning, the last of our senior Boilermaker Biographies . . . No. 56, halfback Benedict Francis Medley ... his team-mates call him “Steamboat” ... some say the name was derived from his method of picking ’em up and setting ’em down, but the real reason will not be' mentioned . . . —^fc— Ben has seen a lot of action for the Old Gold and Black elevenjthis year, and the annual Indiana scrap next Saturday will be the last game of his collegiate career . . . five foot, ten inches in height, and weighing about 176 pounds/‘Steamboat!’ has been one of the most dependable backs on the squad this season . . . —^fc— Medley is a senior in the science school, majoring in economics . . . he doesn’t care to coach after he graduates, and he intimated that he would enter the distilling business since his family runs one of the larger distilleries in Kentucky . . . he was born and reared in Owensboro, Kentucky . . . his birthday coming on September 2, 1912 which makes him 24 years, 2 months, and 16 days old . . . —^fc— Ben likes classical music ... he likes to read, and travel highly appeals to him ... a typical Kentucky southerner, probably his big interest is horse racing . . , Ben speaks with a slight southern drawl, slow and easy going . . . —fc— Medley has always lived in Owensboro ... he attended the St. Francis Academy his first eight
years of school . were spent in Owensboro High School, graduating in 1931 . . . his first year of college was at Washington and Lee University in Virginia . . . he was pledged and initiated into Kapp^ Alph^ at W. and L.; and he played a
the next four
year of freshman football there ... because of freshman competition
Coach Bo McMfilin is not' overlooking any scoring opportunity for the Indiana University football team so G. L. Fowler, junior back from Augusta, Kansas, has been schooled on place kicking: Shown above, he is booting a ball held by Ray Fox, Michigan City, senior quarterback. Fox will alternate with Vernon Huffman in calling signals for the Hoosiers against the Boilermakers next Saturday.
Conflict Changes Date Of Union Show
The Union Thanksgiving show The Black And Tan Fantasy which was originally to be presented on November 25th has been changed to the evening of November 26. The change was made in order to avoid conflict with the concert by Lawrecent Tibbett who is scheduled to sing in the Jeffei’son High School Gymnasium on the evening of November 25.
with other universities while at W. and L., Ben had to forfeit a year of Big Ten competition. . . . —^fc— His high school athletic record includes four football letters, and three each in baseball and basketball for a total of ten ... he likes movies, and there was a time when he liked to dance, hut he believes that he’s about danced out ... he thinks girls are nice, but that’s about all . . . —fc— Ben has brown hair . . . light brown eyes . . . and a ruddy complexion ... he lives in the Varsity Apartments . .. there you have No. 56 . . . Benedict Francis Mfedley . . . —^fc— ONLY THREE MORE DAYS TO GET THAT BUCKET . . .
STRAUSS SAYS
EITHER SIDE
A REVERSIBLE COAT
A Football Feather for your Hat ..... with our compliments.
Our Mr. Graves who covers the western college front . . . will have some feathers with him f . . It’s an Eastern tradition especially at the Harvard-Ytde game . . . for the stadium to be the scene of feather hatted men. The feathers are presented for the asking . . . just inside the doors to your left.
Camel’s Hair or Tweed on the outside . .. Gabardine within . . . worn either side out... a perfect coat either way. Good for ail weathers fair or foul. A shield against chills, a protection against showers. An all purpose coat that does its job with fit, efficiency and smartness.
The TWEEDS are plain toned, herringbone or in rich overplaids. $22.50 and $29.50
Wearingtoii Suits, Topcoats and Oveicoats
The CAMEL HAIRS are of extr^ quality. $35.00.
$19.75
GABARDINE REVERSIBLE COATS ... tan on one side . . . brown on the other. $10.00.
L. STRAUSS & CO.
The Man*$ Stere^indianapolig
Freshmen Basketball Candidates —The following will continue daily to try out for the squad: Altelr, Alexander, Brubeck, Baker, Brown, Beretta, Behrens, B^ernstein, Buell, Goan, Clark, Goldstein, Farwell, Don Fisher, Bob Fisher, Herschelman, Hulverson, Hobson, Jackson, Keenley, Kurtz, Lawler, Lutz, Leffler. Locker, C. Luce, W. Luce, Moorehouse, Myers, Morse, Nicholson, Newton, Obbersheiner, Oxley, Popham, Perkins, >
Rauth, Stapleton, Stamm, Serick. Smith, Shenk, Turnbell, Thomas, Utter, Walkey, Williamson. —LAMBERT.
^ +
^ ^ A-
Field
1—Phi
A- A- ATOUCHBALL ^ —TODAY—
-f > 4
Sqnasli IPlayers To Oire Demoiistriitfoii Todiiy ,
In order to increase interest in squash, an interfratemity demonstration will be held in the faculty gym at 4:16 today. Each fraternity should have three men on its squad, squad.
Later on, two tournaments, Class A and B, will be held. Each fraternity will be represented by one man in these meets.
Regular practice periods, on the alley court back of 226 Vine street, will be ari’anged for fraternity teams, starting tomorrow. A practice schedule will appear in the Exponent tomorrow morning. Racquets will be furnished by the Intramural department and will be available at the court.
DEBRIS PICTURE SCHEDULE
Thursday, November 19. 7:00 WBAA Group. 7:10 A. 1. Ch. E."' 7:20 Phi Lambda Upsilon. 7:30 Catalyst. 7:40 Zouave. 7:60 P. 0. M. M. 8:00 Cadet Oflicers Luncheon Committee.
300 TICKETS $1.00 1,000 for $2 Other Printing Priced Low KANE’S PRINT SHOP 401 S. 29th Phone 5205
Greek SofiM
Won By
Defeat Delta VftSoa. 5 To 2, To CUndtnde The Sigma Chi softball team defeated the Delta Upsilon team yesterday by the score of 6 to 2 to win the inter-fratemity softball tournament. The game was called at the end of the fourth inning because of darkness, but the victory is credited. The Sigma Chi’s scored two runs in the first inning and three in the second. The DU tallies came in a quickly ended rally in the last of the fourth.
CONJ/ERTS BEGINNERSCONtfiNGES VETERANS!
maixmmmvmmwBmmsm
JW^ilSSSS
mm, dOARini ACtOARHOlOflS
FINEST BRIAR MONEY ON BUY
00 the only patented ^^EMLOPH ANE’: ^SEALED PlllTER-IT REALLY FILTERS
We Carry a Pull Line of FRANK MEDICO PIPES ‘Deac” H. G. REISNER
Kappa Sigma vs. Winner Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Of-
ficial, Kerber. Cary Hall—
3— Ist Floor North vs. 2nd Floor North. Of-
ficial, Martin.
4— 3vd Floor North vs. 8rd Floor East. Of-
ficial, Taylor.
5— 1st Floor East vs. 2nd Floor East. Of-
ficial, Gaulke.
6— Phi Delta Theta vs. Winner Phi Kappa vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Official, Abel.
No Flowery Talk! No False Promises! No Leaks!
If You Have
A. W. WBRKHOFF
DO YOUR PLUMBING AND HEATING
We Do Your Neighbors’ Why Not Yonrs? Automatic Storage Heaters, 20 Gallon Capacity, at $40.00 i Come Up and See Me Sometime 914 Main St. Phones: Office 6987; Res. 7863
PICK-UP
AND DELIVERY
ERE'S A PLAY with punch and results—a winning touchdown combination for the railroads 1 It has to do with the handling of less-than-carload or package freight. Some railroads have gone into motor trucking. Others have developed large metal containers that can be swung on and off flat cars. Others have provided rail tranter for loaded trucks or trailers. • All have combined at length in offering a complete free pick-up and delivery service, using motor trucks to and ^om height stations. This reduces inter-city trucking and assures railway responsibility for the whole movement at no increase over the previously existing rate for the raU part of the movement alone. • The Illinois Central pioneered among the railroads in giving free pick-up and delivery universal apphcatioiu
V,
This railroad also led in offering less-than-carload freight service via passenger train at freight rates, in providing free pick-up at the feed-lot for livestock awaiting consolidation into carloads for movement to market, in sslabUshing overnight freight service between points as far apart as Chicago and Memphis. • In such ways an alert railroad makes its own '’breaks*' for the touchdown that insures victory in business.
REMIlfllBR... Modern railroad* operate on definite principles—principle* which have bemk developed by sifting tbeorie* througb facts. One major railway principle In this—pay* fop/eose ihopub» lie. Investments in convenience* comfort, safebh «I>eed are aonndi investments. As users of railway smvicftattdi as the educafional benefioietiss of railway tazee and aecYitity dowmeniv young people sitould find mucb of intsocest in the ap* plied theories of our progtaasive. railroads.
iNWiiil
IUII0I5 UnRAL SYSTEM
•AM INDIANA AAILROAO'
Si,!-'pV '',■' 1
/
' -V-' '“• ■
1;;: gSJES,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
'">'v7:'7 ''7;, ^7 «"7i
W6dh^sdft3f:.Jti?6y6iht>ter 18,1^6
Never mindly Joe^ weVe found good food at the
u
I4.LCH
eteua
Yes, and so have many others. We challenge you to find a better place to eat than the Union Cafeteria.'-And why—^food is cooked with a distinctive taste plus fast service assured by two fast-moving lines—all at low cost, too. DOWNSTAIRS IN THE PuTdue Memorial Union
Corner of the Campus . . . Center of College Activities
THE STEDENT CAFE RECENTLY REMODELED . . . NOW SERVING Chop Suey.«.Chow Mein Fresh Lobsters, Shrimps and Oysters Delicions Chinese Dessert With Eivery Order to Take Home Also Chinese Tea for Sale EXPERIENCED CHINESE COOK Delivery Service . . . Opened Hours 11:00 A. M.-12:30 P. M. 341 State St. Phone 2816 West Lafayette
Read The Exponent for College News
for a brilliant
DAD’S DAY
Thanksgiving—Dad’s Day. Naturally you will want to look your best. What better way to do it then than to let our trained experts design a new and entrancing coiffure, exclusively your own.
Loeb^s Beauty Salon Charming.. . hut not expensive Phone 7901 for Appointment
17:7,
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, tented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoif, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Enroll in our New Beginner’s Class Wednesday, November 18, 7:00. Allen’s.
Apartment for 4 or 5 men students, 203 University street.
You Will Find—At Moore’s Co-lonial-Market, 220 N. Fifth street, one of the largest collections of antique furniture, old china, glass, copper, brass, silver, old jewelry, prints, etc., in Indiana. Buy your friend’s Christmas present now, at reasonable prices.
Lost—Pair of glasses in case. Name inside. Reward. J. H. Ottenweller. Call 71792.
For Rent—Large front room with twin beds. Phone 76644.
Wanted—Students to sell Exponjnts Saturday afternoon, November 21, from 4 p. m to 6:30. Call Morris, 6037-6038 after 4 p. m.'
Lost—Black and red silk scarf by /ohn Jung in room 413 Purdue Hall, steward. Phone 2816.
Lost—“Statistical Methods’’ by Mills, and a spiral note book. Rer vvard. J. A. Coulter. Call 2214.
Lost—Sheaifer’s black pen and pencil. Reward. Joe Rittenhouse. Rhone 36773.
NOTICES No noticM accepted •fter t p. m.
i.t..cvv..uca..a—iuiie btiup — avencarsal Wednesaay, November 18 al 8 p. m. in tue Tower Room. There will be some new p.eces to learn for the Union Cafeteria Show, November 29. —BARRETT, DIX.
Mechanicals—You may obtain subscriptions to the McGraw Hill magazines: American Machinist, Aviation, Factory Man- ! gement and Maintenance, Power, and Product Engineering through me. Phone 46321 after 6 p. m. —CARTON. Ushers and Police—All ushers and police report at the stadium at 12 noon, November 21, to work at the I. U. game —SANDERS. Alpha Phi Omega—Pledging November 18, at 7:30 p. m.- in room A of the Memorial Union Building. All active members are requested to be present. , —KUECK. Discussion Group—Meeting November 18, at 7:30 in room C of the Memorial Union Building. —KUEHN. Skull and Crescent—Get your stickers for the Indiana game as soon as possible at Triangle house. —JACOBI.
A. S. M. E. Members—Get copies of M. E. Journal from “Eddie” in Instrument Room in Mechanical Laboratory. —WELDY.
Purdue Flying Club—Ship is ready for flying. Anyone desiring to fly get in tduch with me until further not'ce. —McCRACKIN. Eta Kappa Nu—Initiation at 4:30 o’clock November 19 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. Banquet at 6 p. m. —LEPFEL. Tutors—Students interested in tutoring in freshman engineering subjects, apply in the Personnel ofifce. —BURRELL, Game Ushers—All ushers who worked at the Ohio and/or Wisconsin game together with the following report at the Stadium 4 p. m. Wednesday, November. 18. J. Aschauer, J. F. Azbell, E. J. Balaishis, W. J. Behrens, Max Bowen, W. Brittain, A. D. Brown, K. E. Burbrink, R. F. Carton, D. Chandler, E. A. Chatham, H. R. Christy, J. Giborski, R. J. Clinton, G. X. Claypole, H. V. Cobbs, J. A. . Coddington, H. M. Coffing, R. J. Craig, W. H. Craig, S. P. Davis, J. J. DeMar, R. S. Ferguson, W. M. Fleming, I. French, L. W. Gable, E. E. Gallup, P. J. George, Robert Hibson, H. J. Gruber, Paul Hobson, T. F. Jelnick, H. C. Johnson, J. R. Keek, Charles Kelsey, J. A. Leppla, C. R. Luke, W. T. McNaughton, R. L. MeVoy, Paul Massanz, J. H. Miller, F. M. Mowry, J. E. Newman, S. Novak, H. J. O’Neill. S. F. Overbeck, W. A. Peterson. A. S. Place, Clyde Reed, Earl Reed, James Risk, H. W. Ritchey, B. A. Royer, T. M. Ryan. J. M. Sapirie, E. Schlemmer, A. B. Smitkv^ J. O. South, R. R. Stewart, A. Traub, F. R. VanAbeeJe, J. C. Vaughn, R. Waggle, K. C. Wagner, H. P. Welland, C. Q. Weisenbach, E. D. Wilder, M. P. Wildish, S. R. Wirth, H. Yalowitz. —SANDERS.
Women’s Club—Literature section of the Purdue Women’s Club meeting today in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Jiuiidin'g at 8 p. m. The Reverend Michael Andrew Chapman, rector of St. Mary’s will speak on manuscripts. —JOHNSTON Delta Rho Kappa—All actives and pledges meet in the faculty lounge of the Union ttuilding November 19, at 6:80 p. m. for initiation and banquet. Dues must be paid at this time. —PITCH.
A. I. Cb. E.—^Debris picture 7:10 p. m November 19 in the faculty-lounge of the Memorial Union Building, Those desiring .membership should sign up before . time in the Engineer office. -HHANDLER.
Fraternity Presidents—Please fill out and turn in all questionaires today. Important that all results be in the hands of the committee today. —BEAUDWAY.
Purdue Lutheran Students Club—Business meeting Sunday evening, November 22. in the Memorial Union BuUdin'K. Time and room announced later. —ANDRES,
Students IVanted—^To sell the Exponent Saturday afternoqn> Novem'bei' .21, from 4 p. m. to 6 ;80 p. m. Call Morris, 6087-6088 after 4 p. m. -^MORRIS.
Union Thanksgiving Show—Rehearsal in the ballroom November 19 at 6:8Q p. m. —JACOBSON. ''
For the
Biggest Game of the Year
...Wh’ll oH be there
Send your clothes to Crown now to be cleaned and pressed for the big event.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Men Students—Will those who would be interested in organizing another cooperative house meet at the Wesley Foundation, 436 State street, November 19, at 7 ;80 p. m. —McFADDEN.
Union Workers—Stallings and Reid committees will' report to Stallings November 18 at 4 p. m. —STALLINGS.
Union Workers—All the boys and the following girls. Marjorie Rose, Charlotte Forman, Jane Hall, Eleanor Johnson, of my committee will meet in the cafeteria at 4 p. m. —REITH.
Union Workers—Our committees report to workshop November 18. —PFORZHBIMER, FITTS, SHEETS.
Union Workers—Our committees report to Union office November 18. —WIEGANDT, MYTINGER.
Union Workers—The following boys rer. port to uorkshop and the girls to the office November 18: W. K. Milholland, R. L. Mansfield, H. Brennan. B. -L. Fielding, J. R. Keck, R. M. McGhee, J. Quinn, Marth" Reed, Carolyn Barker, Fay O’Bannon, Gertrude Smidt, Lucille. Dobson, Flossie Sequartz, and Mai’y Jane George,- . —SHEETS.
Playshop Lights Crew—Work in Union sub-basement at 4 p. m. —WILLEY.
Plying Clu*—'Meeting in room A, Memorial Union Building at 7 p. m. November 18. There are still some flying club, memberships available for interested students of the University. —McCRACKIN.
Hanley Speech Sophomores—Eliminations today at 4 p. m. in University Hall room 301. Final contest in faculty lounce >>t 7 :30 —MONROE.
Purdue Horticulture Society—Meeting at 7 p, m. November 18. J. J. Davis will talk on vegetable insects. Refreshments will be served. —MORRIS.
Independent Staff—Meeting November 18 at 7 o’clock. —SENNSTROM,
Orchesis—General meeting November 18 at 7:30 in Women’s Gym. —PRENTICE.
Reamer Club—Important meeting November 19 at 7 p. m. In Union' Building. All active members and pledges are required to be present. —BUXIDN.
Wesley Foundation—Classes discussing “The Technique Of Planning Worship ^rvices" meet November 18 in the Foundation House at p. m. The class in “Preparation For Marriage” meet at 205 Pierce street at 9 p. m. —McFADDEN.
W. S. G. A. Executive Board—^Important meeting in room 8 at 7:16 November 18. —COPELAND. Y. W. C. A. Interest Group—Meeting November 18, at 4 o’clock in the Y. W. C. A. office. —KLEIN.
Read The Exponent
Co-eds
Individually designed by our coiffure experts to suit your own personality and charm—^your hair will be lustrous, wavy and smart! Look your best at the I. U. game and the Blanket Hop. Co-ed Days Thursday and Friday this week. Wednesday and Friday Thanksgiving Week.
Call 7727
Kienly Beauty Studio
662 Main
HALF t HALF
Half & Half is a safe combination for any pipe. Cool as a bank-teller scanning your ten-spot. Sweet as his look that means it’s okay. Fragrant, fullbodied tobacco that won’t bite the tongue—in a tin that won’t, bite the fingers. Made by our exclusive modem process including patent No. 1,770,920. Smells good. Makes your pipe welcome anywhere. Tastes good. Your password to pleasure!
Not « bit of bito IM. the tobacco or the Telescope Tin. which gets umallei' and smaller as you use-up the tobacco. No bitten fingers as you reach for a load, even the last one. Copyright 1936, The AmevicMi Tob«e«o Cq.
HALF VHt, H A L F
75fetf Sa^ Vifte
FOR PIPE OR CISARETTR