A
\
®he Puriuc TSxfxanent
Read Daily By 6000 Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 28,1937
NUMBER 141
Alumijus To Address Men At Engineers’ Annual Dinner H. C. Blackwell, M. E. ’02, president of the Cincinnati Gas and Electric Company, will be the speaker of honor tomorrow night at 6:30 in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. “Suggestions For The Engineering Graduate” will be the title of his address. Blackwell’s practical experience since graduation has covered practically all branches and departments of the public utility industry, including gas, electricity, steam heat, street railway, and water. All members of Chi Epsilon, Eta Kappa Nu, Phi Lambda Upsilon, Pi Tau Cigma, Sigma Pi Sigma, and Tau Beta Pi will be admitted to the banquet free. Tickets for other student and faculty members^-have been placed on sale in the office of Prof. W. A, Knapp and at the Union desk. Distinguished students are especially invited to attend, according to E. G. Greber, chairman of the affair.
Leonard Appointed To Dietetics Intemeship Jane Leonard, who will graduate in June from the Home Economics school, has received word of her appointment to an intemeship in dietetics at the Vanderbilt University Hospital, Nashville, Tenn. She will start this work next September. Her home is in Indianapolis, and she is specializing in dietetics in her work here.
Camera Club Sponsors Photographic Display A collection of 33 photographs are now on exhibition in the music room of the Memorial Union Building. The exhibit, which is being sponsored by the Camera Club, will be here until about May 1. The collection includes photographs by Wesley Bowman commercial photographer, Chicago, that are originals of pictures used in advertisements.
April 28, 1937 JOE Colton, editor of the Gard ner. Mass., News, has worked out a mock baseball lineup between the “Nine Old Men” and the New Deal which follows: Supreme Court New Deal Stone . cf .. Robinson Butler 2b Richberg Brandeis If Landis Hughes p Roosei^lt Cardozo ss Garner Roberts c Stanley Reed Sutherland lb Farley Van Devanter rf Wagner McReynolds 3b Franfurter Time of Game: Indefinite. Weather Conditions: Stormy, possibly clearing. Attendance: Estimated, 140,000,000. * —30-— WHILE from Georgia Tech comes the story of the blind student who was exceptionally brilliant in his studies. In one of his classes the instructor was accustomed to giving weekly “True” and “False” quizzes. Grades in the course had been unusually low during the first three weeks of the new semester . . . and their Clifford Witcher entered the class . . . —30— SINCE Witcher was blinfl, he was accustomed to using a typewriter . . . and soon the class average went soaring ... the professor discovered that the class had learned to wait for the blind boy to answer ... if he struck two keys, they wrote “no.” If three, they wrote “yes.” The problem was . . . —30— FINALLY solved by requesting Clifford to place a period after each negative answer . . . grades' immediately returned to normal... 30 - HAVING a girl-friend during the spring semester, calculates a math wizard at the University of Minnesota, is equivalent to carrying 10 extra hours, for which you get some credit, but no honor points . . . -SOACCORDING to Wilfred J. Funk, editor of the Literary Digest, the ten most “overworked” words in current American speech are: “lousy, definitely, okay, terrific, contact, gal, racket, swell, impact, and honey.”
Six Speakers To Compete At Convo Tonight Six speakers representing 27 University speech classes will compete tonight at 7:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall in the semesterly convocation sponsored by the speech division of the English department. Those students presenting addresses in the speech contest will be B. H. Burns, B. L. Everett, M. Karnowsky, J. E. Orr, D. Paarlberg, and R. F. Schinley. They were chosen competitively from all the English 14 classes as the six best speakers taking that course. The speakers will each propose some project to the audience which will represent a hypothetical group having the authority to accept or reject the proposal. Having explained their pioject, the speakers will attempt to induce the board to accept it.
April Issue Of Alumnus Out On the cover of the April issue of the Purdue Alumnus, just out, is a photograph of President E. C. Elliott, in recognition of his 15 years of service to the University. Tribute is also paid to the enterprises of Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth and Amelia Earhart. The history of Gala Week is reviewed by Burr S. Swezey, ’13, the president of the Purdue Alumnus Association. Some of the other features of the issue are articles on “Legislature Increases Purdue Budget,” “Outdoor Sports Prospects,” P” Men’s Page,” and accounts of the various alumni club activities. An article about the progress of the University’s new athletic center stresses the need for more contributions and acknowledges the generous ones already received. The ballots for the 1937 officers of the Purdue Alumnus Association are also in this issue.
Many Alumni Will Throng To Campus E. B. Baugh, alumni secretary, reports that all indications point to one of the largest Gala Week crowds in the history of the University to throng the campus this week-end. The classes of ’87, ’97, ’07, and ’12 are expecting a large percentage of their members to return for their reunions. George Ade, Brook; Bennett Taylor, Lafayette; C. F. Moore, Racine, Wis., and Mrs. Annie O’Neall Sifton, Frankfort are members of the ’87 class who are definitely planning to return for its golden anniversary. Prof. James Troop, the oldest member of the faculty, who has been on the staff for 53 years, will be a special guest of the ’97 class at their banquet Friday evening. Dr. J. C. Arthur, and Prof. W. P. Turner, as well as Dean and Mrs. Stanley E. Coulter, are also expected to attend their 40th reunion. Sons and daughters of the members of the ’07 class will be honor guests at the class dinner Friday. Officers of the class are asking any son or daughter of a member of the class of ’07 who has not been officially notified of the dinner to call 41792.
Jane Templeton Passes Pilot’s Examination Jane Templeton, senior in the science school, passed her examination for a private pilot’s license in Indianapolis yesterday. Captain L. I. Aretz, University airport director, accompanied Miss Templeton to Indianapolis. Aretz has been instructing her since last August.
Purdue Drum Rejuvenated After 16 years of hard use, Purdue’s gigantic drum, the second largest of its kind in the world, is being overhauled at the Leedy Drum Factory in Elkhart. The Leedy Company, after 18 months of searching, have found two hides suitable for covering the seven foot, three inch drum head. Through the co-operation of the Chevrolet Corporation, a new truck has been secured on which the drum will be mounted. “Spots” Emrick states that the overhauling of the drum will make it the most modern one in the world.
EE Seniors To Hear Generator Expert Talk This Morning “The Evolution And Design Features Of High Speed Generators” will be the subject that D. H. Mortensen, representative of the engineering department of the AllisChalmers Company, will discuss before the electrical engineering seniors today at 10 o’clock in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building. The lecture will be illustrated and will deal with problems involving vibration, lubrication, and ventilation as well as electrical problems. Members of the teaching staff and students interested are invited to sfttend this lecture.
Airport Cabaret Dance Tickets Placed On Sale By W. H. Fifield “Ask the man who went last year.” That is what the members of the fiying and glider clubs are telling prospective buyers of tickets to the Purdue Airport Dance to be held at the University Airport, Friday evening, May 7. Bud Bryant, popular campus maestro, will provide the rhythm. The two clubs promise that this dance will be novel in many respects. The dance is to be cabaret style with tables and refreshments available for those wishing to stay in the hangar. Captain A. I. Aretz will be waiting for those wishing to see the night lights. “Cap” will have his tri-motor tuned up ready to make night flights over the city. Tickets are being sold by members of the two organizations and are available at Deac’s, Southworth’s, and the Union desk.
Purdue Flyers Show Up Well In Ohio Meet Although two of the Purdue Plying Club’s ships were unable to attend the Akron meet Sunday because of bad weather, the club’s Porterfield, flown by O. E. McCrackin, junior, and C. T. Lohr, freshman, made a good showing and perhaps won the meet. The final results of the meet will not be known until the National Aeronautical Association decides on what handicaps are to be given the different ships that were in the speed dash. Lohr, flying the Porterfield, made the best time of 6 minutes and 22 seconds flying the 12mile course. McCrackin tied with a Kenyon College flyer from Dayton, O., with the time of 7 minutes and 18 seconds. The Kenyon man was flying a Kinner Low Wing Playboy. The Purdue men also took second in the spot landings and the individual bomb dropping. The winner of the meet will be presented with the Rose O’Neil trophy.
Two Discussion Groups Will Meet In Union Tonight Prof. C. O. Lee of the pharmacy school will speak on cosmetics to night at 7:30 in room D of the Me morial Union Building at a meeting of the Multiproforum discussion group. In a series of lectures by stu dents of foreign countries, M. Cerda will talk on “Mexico” at 7:30 this evening in room C of the Me morial Union Bulding.
One Hurt In Triple Auto Crash Monday Three cars figured in a collision Monday evening shortly after ten o’clock on the corner near the Memorial Union Building. William Duffy of 620 South 10th street. La fayette, in coming from the north hit a large car belonging to Cable G. Ball of 420 South Ninth street Lafayette, and knocked it 30 feet into a car belonging to Prof. George Munro. The front of Duffy’s car was al most completely demolished, while the other cars suffered less serious damages. Duffy, who was slightly injured in the chest, was the only casualty.
Thaeles Initiates Thaeles, local social sorority for Jewish girls, announces the initia tion of Beatrice Applebaum, Garyi Lois Pried, Chicago, 111.; Jeanne Horwitz, Lafayette; Bfxria llaxlE" man. Oak Park, 111.; Annesther Singer, East Chicago, 111; Dorothy Stern, Chicago, 111.; and Shirley Yonover, Gary. jmmmau.
Fieldhouse Cornerstone Laying To Highlight CM Gala W^ek Program One of the highlights of the annual Gala Week program, which is expected to attract hundreds of alumni from the four corners of the country, will be the laying of the cornerstone of the University’s new $700,000 combination field house and
gymnasium. *
In order to accommodate -- —■— - -- =
spectators for the ceremonies
University To Have Open House Friday Open house, an annual feature of the University’s educational program will take place Friday afternoon and evening. The schools of agriculture, science, home economics, the military department. University airport. Women’s Residence Hall, and Cary Hall will all be open for inspection in the afternoon. Some of the interesting displays to be shown in the afternoon includes an exhibit of the animal husbandry department which will show many of the University’s grand champion steers, barrows, and fat wethers, incubators in operation at the poultry department, and a display of fruits and vegetables that were allowed to fully ripen and then were frozen and held since last summer. This display will be shown in the Horticulture Building. In the evening the engineering buildings and the Pharmacy Building will be open for inspection. The chemistry, physics, and practical mechanics departments will also be open Friday night, as will WBAA and the television laboratory.
which will be held at the northeast comer of the field house, bleachers will be erected. Master Of Ceremonies L. A. Downs, president of the Illinois Central Railroad and chairman of the alumni fieldhouse committee fund, will act as master of ceremonies for the afternoon. Among the speakers to appear on the cornerstone laying program are President E. C. Elliott, representing the University; Charles Deets, local WPA administrator; F. M. Logan, acting director of the state FEA, and Earl Peters, state director of the FHA. Campus Leaders Besides the faculty athletic committee, Director of Athletics Noble E. Kizer, will introduce H. W. Hughes, president of the SAE; Mary Ellen Delaplane, president of WAA; and Major John J. Griffith, athletic director of the Big Ten. Following the program at the fieldhouse, the group will join in the annual class parade that will proceed to the Ross-Ade Stadium for a special program and the annual Freshman vs. Varsity football game at 3 o’clock.
Link Belt Engineer Is Speaker For ASME Tomorrow R. S. Dyson, special engineer of the Link Belt Company, during his annual visit to the University campus will make an address on “Sales Engineering” at a meeting of the University section of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers at 7:30 tomorrow night in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Dyson, who was formerly sales manager of the Link Belt Company, is now an engineer representing that company on their most important jobs in North and South America. Because of the vital importance of the topic, “Sales Engineering,” the ASME urges all engineers, es pecially those contemplating that sort of work, to attend the meeting which is open to all.
Thaeles Elects Officers Thaeles, local social sorority for Jewish girls, announces the election of the following officers: Jennie Bosco, president; Sylvia Zuaain, secretary; Lois Fried, treasurer; and Doris Markman, rush chairman.
Free Carnival To Be SAE Feature Of Gala Week Program Students may attend a carnival free of charge Friday night in the automotive laboratory of the Mechanical Engineering Building. The University branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers will stage the carnival'in conjunction with the University open house. Games, rides, gambling devices, clowns, a fun house, and many other entertainments are planned for the visitors. In addition to fun-making devices, several serious displays will be made. Tests run on various engines and dynamometer^ will be explained. Other demonstrations will include, wind tunnel, a variable compression engine, and an air fan dynamometer.
Set Tuesday For Senate Nominations Nominations for Student Senate offices will be made at a meeting next Tuesday, while elections will be held on May 11. All Senate members are eligible for nomination and election if they are of the right year’s class for the position. The presidency must go to a student who will be a senior next year. Nomination acceptance speeches are necessary. They may be of any length and should be designed as platform speeches, outlining the
candidates’ ideas.
With J. H. Jacobi, as chairman, a committee has been formed to investigate Prom finances and the Bestor situation. A report of this committee’s findings will be published by the end of this week or the beginning of next according to a statement by Glen Martin, president
of the Senate.
Pi Tau Sigma Initiates 20 Pi Tau Sigma, national mechanical engineering honorary society, initiated 20 new members at a banquet held last night at 6:30 o’clock at Lincoln Ledge. Prof. L. M. Sears, of the history, economics, and government department, addressed the group of new and old members and honorary members on the place of engineers in national affairs. The following men were initiated: W. A. Allee, D. D. Baals, S. E. Belsley, G. Bigelow, J. E. Brock, J. G. Conway, P. S. Emrick, E. C. Filstrop, A. H. Hokanson, H. E. Geiger, B. C. Kingsbury, W. G. Lautz, D. Morrison, J. R. O’Connor, J. B. Pray, C. L. Sadler, C, Sarles, J. W. Small, R. N. Whiting, R. O. Wickersham.
Wesley Group To Have Banquet Today Wesley Foundation will hold its annual banquet in the Home Economics Building tonight at 6 o’clock. Lome Doud will act as toastmaster and an interesting program including a vocal solo by Martha Whitehead and a saxophone solo by William Keenan has been arranged. Rev. C. M. McClure of DePauw University will deliver the main address of the banquet. Tickets are priced at 50 cents and i^servations may be made at the Foundation House until noon today.
Band To Make Derby Trip Purdue’s “All-American” military band which won the title of “Best Band” in the Festival Parade at the Kentucky Derby for theJast two years, will march again in the Festival Parade at the Derby on May 5, according to an announcement made by Prof. P. S. Emrick. Electrically lighted formations started a year and a half ago when the band won the title “All-Ameri-can” after appearing between the halves on the field in Dyche Stadium in Evanston, during a night football game between Northwestern and Purdue. Elaborate plans are being completed to almost triple the number of lights that will be used this year. The band will leave early Wednesday morning. May 5, on a special train for the Derby and will return the next day.
Spring Spree, Delayed By Bad Weather, Slated For Saturday, May 15 The first annual Spring Spree, faculty-student outing sponsored by Alpha Phi Omega, national Boy Scout fraternity, after being rained out last Saturday, has been postponed until May 15. The program originally planned will be carried out at that time. Tickets will be available imtil the date of the Spree from any Alpha Phi Omega member or pledge, or at the Memorial Union desk.
DARBans Talk For FDR Court Plan Fort Worth, Tex.—(ACP)—J. O. Toler was recently refused permission to deliver a scheduled address over KTAT on a program sponsored by the local chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution. Mrs. Mabel Jones, local president, cancelled the talk when she learned that Toler was to speak in favor of President Roosevelt’s Supreme Court Plan. His topic was “Supreme Court Revision.”
RAZZ EDITION
Only 100 copies of yesterday’s “Razz Edition” are left. Those desiring a copy may call at the desk in the Union Ihdlding after 12 o’clock today. The copies are priced at five cents.iuiwbduiukriiiiaiiiliiii^^
^Two
THS PURDDE EXI^ONENT ' ■ W^Ls^.A^kim '
^flt $urtine €xjponent
Fonnded in 188S
Sntered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. mail, $8.50 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by a single copy. 2 cents.
EDITORIAL BOARD OF CONTROL K. J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
Issue Editor—W. Frederick
Dance Mad?
Adequate social life is a vital part of any college education. It is eVen more vital in a technological institution sunh as Purdue than in a liberal arts institution where a more frolicsome attitude prevails. Most of us attend our classes, do our studying, and obtain our recreation in a rather methodical manner. We do the accepted things. Here the most accepted form of recreation is dancing. When an organization considers “throwihg a party” the first idea that comes to mind is giving a dance. Dances are excellent means of obtaining recreation, but they can be and have been overworked. Our minds run , in one channel . . . . “let’s dance . . . don’t ask me why . . . let’s dance” seems to be our theme song. There are many other excellent forms of recreation which have been far from overworked, in fact some of them have never been tried here. One important qualification of a recreation form is that it should promote friendships and acquaintanceships among those participating in it. The dance hardly meets this qualification. Outside of the person one goes with, relatively few new friends are made. The banquet or novelty dinner is much more effective on this point. Humans as a group enjoy eating. They are apt to wax reminiscent and loquacious over coffee cups and after dinner cigarettes. It is this friendly atmosphere about a dinner which spreads good will. The Senior Snoopers’ Supper, inaugurated this year, was very successful and received many favorable comments from senior co-eds who attended. Fraternity men are seldom well acquainted with men from fraternities other than their own. Our system of social life is at fault. It might be profitable to institute an all-fraternity banquet. True, we have the Inter-Fraternity Ball each year, but who can number any new friends after attending it. The all-fraternity banquet could become an occasion for presenting intra-mural athletic awards, scholarship trophies, and activity plaques. It need not be a formal affair, for informality is the father of friendship. However, the banquet is not the only other form of good recreation. The Gimlet theater party in the fall is always well received no matter what the show may be. Organizations might try sponsoring a theater party. A show is always more fun when a large group of students attend en masse. In the spring, other forms of recreation become available. Picnics, roller skating parties, hikes, golfing parties, and the swimming parties are all excellent possibilities. Perhaps the proximity of excellent dancing facilities has caused us to become dance mad, but let’s not stay that way. Let’s give some of the other forms and honest try.—A. H. F.
Do We Want Peace—Or War?
To the Exponent: The Exponent of April 22 quoted a member of the University military department as saying, in part, “Military men are pacifists in their desire for peace in the world. History, which is accepted by all the thinking men as a world laboratory, shows the futility of attempting to settle disputes, in most cases, other than by force.” This statement apparently represents the views of most professional soldiers. Such a statement can, however, be almost completely discounted for several reasons, not the least of which is the nature of its source. A professional soldier makes his living through the fear of war. Naturally, he does not want to fight, for he might get hurt, but, as long as he can emphasize the doctrine of “preparedness” and promote the fear of War, his job is safe. Then the statement itself is inaccurate. It cannot be shown that “all thinking men” accept history as a world laboratory, nor can it be truthfully said that attempting to settle disputes, in MOST cases, is impossible without the use of force. It is a matter of record for any “thinking” person that the majority of disputes are settled without the use of force. Think of the thousands of disputes that arise between nations every year—^both social and economic—^which are amicably settled. Is there any reason for a “thinking” person to believe that the occasional troubles which result in war could not also be settled if only there was a strong sentiment in favor of peace? True, most of the problems constantly arising are of a minor nature, but many would, in days past, have lead to war. As civilization slowly progresses, the “need” for war diminishes. That is the true lesson a “thinking” person (were he not a professional soldier or agitator) would learn
from history.
The work of the soldier and agitator has lead many persons to the belief that force is necessary and that wars cannot be averted. It is to change this unfortunate channel of thought that such demonstrations as the recent “peace strike” are held. Heaven knows that such action is sorely needed. If war should come tomorrow, the music of a martial band and the sight of fiags waving would destroy all the peaceful instincts in most of us. But, if war should wait a decade or two, it is entirely possible that the propaganda of peace may have sufficiently superseded the propaganda of war that conflict will be stopped. After all is said, how can a war be fought if no one is willing to fight it? And who on earth is wise enough
to decide when war is “necessary?”
Even though a recent editorial in the Exponent termed the peace demonstrations “useless proceedings,” their real value is so great that true “thinking” lovers of peace will support them. It is left for those who gain finacially from the fear of -the professional soldiers, agitators, lobbyists, and the
war-
munition makers—to oppose any movement designed to turn the mind of the nation, at least temporarily, away from war
and toward peace.
“Patriotism” and “national honor” are at the present time and for the most part, unfortunately, connected with thoughts of war. If, by education, be it in the form of strikes, discussioiw, classroom work, or so-called “propaganda,” these and similar words should lose their long-standing affiliation with war, then a large portion of the work necessary for peace will
be accomplished.
How, then, ^n any “thinking” person call the cause of
peace “useless,” or “futile.”—W. T. Hunt.
Famous First Line — “Queen of all Queeim” HANLEY has just recently rop^, hog-tied, and corraled “Top-Notcher” SMITH ... she’s wearing that hard-earned Phi Psi pin .... along with a great big beam ... poor FULLER ... he tried so hard . . .
Herculean effort.. staying single on these moonlit nights . . . trying to get over “Doc” MILLER’S autopsies . . . someone said it is hard to find a date . . . writing this colyum . . . Yeah, Man . . .
Ho Hum. Ho Hum. The old fever again... and the blood in your veins turns to lead ... Now is the time to visit the Holler . .. Yoo Hoo! ...
And did “Stinkey” EMRICK” look like a lost kid when the circuitbreaker went out in the EE lab. And they were making bets in GE 110 as to whether Prof. J. E. WALTER’S face would turn red when Phi Belt McCAULAY gave his speech . . . yep, he blushed . . .
SPEAKING OP LAZY PEOPLES . . . even having his pin out (can’t actually qualify that as being in love) hasn’t aroused “Sweet Pea” BILL WINTER . . .
AND WHILE WE’RE ON THE SUBJECT ... we can still remember how good-looking BOB HELM’S and ROGER DE LONG’S PROM dates were....
C. E. SENIOR—“How much will this bridge for my teet cost?” DENTIST—“Oh, about $175.00.” C. E. SENIOR—“Couldn’t you just put in a culvert?”
AND IT’S A DEBRIS PICTURE . . . (the one where BOB REID has his hand resting upon her limb) ... that is bothering RUTH ENGERT ... . she is afraid that the DEBRIS will come out too soon and . . . . for she says that... if it comes out before she gets CHUCK’S (COE) DU pin it may spoil her chances . . . . and if it comes out after she has his pin . . . that might spoil something too ... you should see the picture . . .
UPON SECOND THOUGHT The Phi Gams seem to be making much ado about nothing over the postponement of the Beta vs. Phi Gam grudge baseball game which was to have been played last Saturday afternoon . . . the Betas postponed the game about one o’clock Saturday afternoon due to the general precipitation that Old Man Weather had brought forth . . . . these above mentioned worms are calling the Betas bad names, etc. which goes to prove that only a phi gam would be ASS enough to think of playing under such unfavorable circumstances . . . remember Monsier “List-leader” WALPOLEY the game was only postponed . . .
TOMORROW—FBI.—SAT. Chester Morris Leo Carrillo in “I Promise To Pay” —^nd*— Karen Morley
“Girl From Scotland Yard”
LAFAYETTE Spring is the season For kisses and cuddles; But all we do here— Is paddle in puddles . . . —Swiped.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
WANTED— MORE MEN and MORE MEN .. can show any ten fellers an awful good time . .. for references call PALMER and LOVE at BETA HO TEL concerning my Friday and Sat urday night performances . . . DIXIE GIST (XO)
Phone 66614.
—paid adv.
....Phi Gam Sucker: “Will you marry me?” Typical Kappa: “No, I can’t but I’ll always admire your good taste.”
FATHER—“Son, I don’t want you to go with that Kappa girl— she’s too wild” .. . SON—“Aw, she ain’t neither— anybody can pet her.”
SINCLAIR LEWIS, who says: A freshman is romantic. A sophomore is a socialist, A junior is a bum, . .. and after that it doesn’t matter.
WHAT TO DO? ? ... is KENA SCHROEDER’S big problem . . . she now has two dates, for Saturday, May 7 ... the HANGER HOP and the Pi PHI brawl are the two events . . . you might go with both of them KENA —
IN THE OLDEN DAYS, girls worked KNIGHTS, too . . . CA^f YOU FEATURE “Tough Guy” PETE LAMBERTUS being called “PETER”?? ... he actually lets his love, LOUISE “Nursery School” ERNST do it . . I dare you to call him “PETER.” . .
THE PROFESSOR . . who comes to class late is rare—^in fact he is in a class by himself . . .
JUST WHICH WEEK-END the Daily mini’s column the “Campus Scout” is referring to, the little girl involved will have to explain, but the following appeared in said paper recently: “It seems that the week-end was
a CONTEST . . .
Four cash prizes, ranging from $100 to $25 and totaling $250, will be awarded student readers of our advertisements in colleges and universities throughout the Middle West and South for typewritten essays of from 300 to 500 words on “What I Like Best in Modem Railroading— and Why." The closing date will be May 10, awards by June 1. Address me at Chicago for reference material sad to submit your essays.
rxetldast. ILLINOIS CENTRAL SYSTEM
-THE
FAMED NOVEL COMES TO LIFE!
All Seats Reserved TWO PAYS ONLY Friday, Saturday, April 30, May 1 Matinee 50c and 76c Eveninc 50c, 76c, $1.10 Box Office Open Daily at 11 A. M. Mail Orders Now.
S lin by Dimes reatme SjndlMte, Ini
H-ggi
“Couldn’t you eat more of your dinner, dear? It’s getting so I can’t look the garbage man in the eye!”
too much for SHIRLEY SHEPHARD of Purdue. Little SHIRLEY returned SCOTTY WELLER’S big Theta Xi pin—with thanks. That ought to make a certain AOPi feel fine (?)” . ..
TYPICAL A Theta stood on the railroad track The train was coming fast; The train got off the railroad track And let the Theta pass! —with apology to
COMING FOR THOSE MARS PASSES— the new organization “KNIGHTS and LADIES of the DOG HOUSE”
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
ARC
—LAST DAY-
Jane Withers and Slim Summerville
“Pepper’
—and— Jack Perrin
“Gungrit” \ —also— Cartoon.
-Last Day-
TEAMED AT LAST! .and what la thrill 1
—Plus— Mickey Mouse Cartoon
THURSDAY ONLY James Diinn Sally Eilers
‘We Have Our Moments”
. . . . this attraction will appear in a colyum in the near future .... WATCH . . . WAIT . . . TRY TO JOIN . . .
Correction
Orders for Commencement announcements instead of Gala Week announcements, as was erroneously stated in yesterday’s Exponent, may be placed at Deac’s, Southworth’s, or at a special desk in the Memorial Union Building.
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Grey Iron Castings
McGrath
Machine & Foundry South Third Street
Family
—LAST DAY-
George Bancroft John Trent
‘A Doctor’s Diary” —and— Caesar Romero Tala Birell
“She’s Dangerous’
TOMORROW—FRI.—SAT. Bob Livingston
f '
“Riders of the Whistling Skull” —and— Dick Purcell June Travis
‘Men in Exile’
—TODAY— Double Feature
A Sertenful of StarsI Aa Eyeful of Girlsl An Earful of Rhythm! An Hour-and-a-Half FuB Of StartHnt Surprise;!
POWELL-BLONDELL
VICTOR MOORE .' GLENDA FARRELL * LEE DIXON ■ OSGOOD PERKINS ■ ROSALIND MARQUIS
•k it
it it , it —and-
★ jk-iL-jk
CIRCUS
GIRL
—^with— JUNE TRAVIS — DONALD COOK —BOB LIVINGSTON
STARTS TOMORROW Double Feature
MIDNIGHT COURT
with
Ann Dvorak John Litel
PARADISE EXPRESS
with
Grant Withers Dorothy Appleby
/ft S.V
Hif
At’
THE Pm&UE EXPONENT
Pui'dtie Mfeets
Butler Today In Home Game
Purdue’s baseball nine thwarted by the weatherman for a week, is hopeful of resuming its disrupted schedule here this afternoon at 4 o’clock against Butler in the first game of three scheduled in the next four days. Rained out in their Big Ten opener at Chicago Saturday, at Notre Dame yesterday, and Butler Monday, the Boilermakers will be back on the field with bats swinging in preparation for a slugfebt. Coach Dutch Fehring announced today that arrangements have been ' made for a doubleheader with Chicago on Saturday, May 8, to make up for the game rained out last Saturday, and a doubleheader with Notre Dame is planned on May 15 to make up for the game rained out yesterday. The return tilt of the Chicago game was originally scheduled for Friday, May 7, but was shifted to Saturday to make a big doubleheader possible. Glen Downey, star hurler of last season, is slated to resume his duties on the mound for the first time this season in today’s game. Glen has been unable to resume his hurling assignments because of a shoulder injury carried over from the basketball season. A tentative line-up follows: Baker, rf; Malaska, cf; Mangas, If; Breslin, 3b; Waling, 2b; Botney, lb; Thompson, ss; Downey, p; and Krause, c-
Newman Clubs Plan To Convene At Ohio State U.
Newman Clubs of the Ohio Valley Province plan to hold their annual convention at Ohio State University, Columbus, O., on May 1 and 2. Newman clubs, organizations for Catholic students, included in this province are; Purdue, Indiana, Butler, Tri State, Rose Polytechnic, Indiana State, Ohio Stafe, Cincinnati, Valparaiso, Kentucky U., and Tennessee.
Tennis Team I'd
Meet Indiana State
Teachers Tomorrow
The Boilermakers’ tennis match with Indiana State Teacher’s College at Terre Haute tomorrow will give Coach LaBree his first chance to see the squad in action against outside competition, and will provide a good testing ground for the matches wiih Michigan and Iowa scheduled for Friday and Saturday. The match originally scheduled for last Saturday, was postponed because of rain. The recent bad weather may make the clay courts at Terre Haute too wet for play and since there are no concrete courts, the prospects for the playing of this first match are not very bright. Should the match be played, Wakefield and Traylor, the only two lettermen on the squad, will hold down the No. 1 and No. 2 positions respectively, with Gardner at No. 3, and the No. 4 position open to either Mann, Jackson, Brodsky, or Winter. Friday, the Boilermakers will meet Michigan in the first match of a triangular meet which will be part of the Gala Week entertainment. The Michigan match will be played Friday afternoon at 4 p. m. on the University courts, with Iowa meeting Michigan Saturday morning at 10 and Iowa and Purdue playing the final match Saturday afternoon at 3.
Elliott To Talk
In Browsing Room
Dr. E. C, Elliott, University president, will be guest speaker at a Browsing Room meeting tomorrow night at 7:30. Dr. Elliott plans to deliver an informal talk on “Ten Books I Shall Keep,” discussing the books and explaining what points of excellence about them arouse his desire to keep them. An open forum on book subjects will be held during the meeting. Tom Sheets, Union vice-president and chairman of Browsing Room committee, invites all students and faculty members to attend.
Before and After Taking
“Dear Doctor,” writes one of our patients, “before following your prescription of a rich, creamy, Grill Malted Milk every afternoon, the doldrums dragged me down come every 3 P. M. Now I’m good until 3 o’clock in the morning.”
This, friends, believe it or don’t, is an unsolicited testimonial. And while your case may not be as vital an emergency, we are confident that a Grill Malted Milk inhaled at regular intervals will pep you up, keep you fit and satisfy that thirst. Start today, and don’t ever quit!
C^uli
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE
PURDUE MEMORIAL
UNION Corner of Compuf—^Centor of Activity
ielder’s.... ....choice
.By Bob Walpole.
Idle afternoons and postponed games featuring rijiin seems to be the subject of the Boilermaker baseball club . . . Saturday’s game with the Windy City nine was called because of inclement weather as was the^otre Dame game on Tuesday .. —^fc— Purdue will meet Butler’s Bulldogs this afternoon if mother nature will allow, and Friday and Saturday will find Indiana’s Crimson nine on the campus for a couple of games . . . the postponed game with the Maroons will be played as part of a double-header on May 8 . . —fc— While we are at it, congratulations to Bob Lemen for capturing third place in the 220 low sticks at the Drake Relays . . . Lemen was the only point winner on the squad to make the trip to Des Moines. —fc— Besides the baseball scheduled for the week-end the athletic enthusiast will find any number of sports to take his time on Saturday . . . Notre Dame’s Irish will meet Purdue in golf . .. Iowa will match tennis strokes with Coach Larry LaBree’s racket squad led by Captain Maury Wakefield ... this is the second match scheduled for the tennis squad . . . their initial meeting was rained out on Saturday . . . —^fc— Dick Obenchain will be at the helm on the morrow ...
Inter-F raternity Track And Field
Meet Next Week
The annual interfratemity track and field meet will be held at the Ross-Ade Stadium Tuesday and Wednesday. The meet draws much interest every year, with the winning fraternity receiving a beautiful trophy and all members of the winning team getting medals. However, any fraternity which has four or more men in the meet will be awarded participation points in the race for the participation trophy. Entries for the meet must be in the intramural office by noon Monday. Events to be held on Tuesday will be the 100 yard dash, mile run, 440 yard dash, 120 yard high hurdles, shot put, discus, and pole vault with the 220 yard dash, two-mile run, 220 yard low hurdles, half mile run, javelin, broad jump, high jump, and relay to be held the following day. Last year’s meet was won by the Phi Kappa Psis who beat out the Kappa Sigs and SAEs in a close, hard fought battle.
University Club Announces Last
Program For Year
University Club has announced the informal program for the fifth and last meeting of the year which will be held next Monday night in the Memorial Union ballroom.
The program includes a group of numbers by members of the Purdue Symphonic Band under the direction of Prof. P. S. Emrick; a play, “The Experiment,” written and directed by A. A. Radkey, junior science student, and enacted by the Tower Theatre players; the pony chorus from “Castles in The Air” presenting several special numbers; and the Sexton sisters with several dancing specialities. Bud Bryant and his band will provide the music for dancing as the concluding portion of the program.
WRH Trims Wards 1 And 4 At Baseball
Women’s Residence Hall beat the team composed of girls from Wards 1 and 4, by a score of 30-13, in the co-ed double round-robin baseball tournament. Continuing the tournament today at 4 o’clock. Kappa Kappa Gamma will compete with Alpha Chi Omega, while Chi Omega will play Ward 2. In the case of rain, the first game will be played in the Women’s Gymnasium.
A quick-witted student in the bacteriology laboratory at the University of Minnesota found a swift solution for an unexpected fire. When a student’s hair caught on fire, he put out the fiame by slamming a book on the fellow’s head.
F reshman-Varsity G^e Ends Spring Football Practice
With the spring round-robin of intersquad games completed, Purdue’s football squad and coaching staff have turned their attention to preparation for the Freshman-Var-sity game Saturday afternoon at 3 o’clock in the Ross-Ade stadium. With alumni swelling the throng, the Gimlet Club, which is sponsoring the game, is anticipating one of the largest crowds in the history of the classic. The game will provide a preview of the 1937 gridiron combination, and judging from the performances of the yearling members in spring drill, they should be able to give their elders a tough afternoon. Although the freshman lineup IS still in the formative stage, some of the possibilities for the starting combination are Thursby, Britt, and Krause, ends; Morris, Johnson, and Oppenheimer, tackles; Franks and Bykowski, guards; Morningstar at center; Hennis and Foster, quarterbacks; Brown, Nesbitt, Brock, and Welch, halfbacks, and DeWitte and Winchell, fullbacks. Although the sophomore-junior combination will have the advantage of experience, the yearlings will have the advantage of enthusiasm and reserve strength and should be able to provide the fans with an afternoon of spirited action. Tickets for the game will be on sale at alumni headquarters in the Union Building, or may be purchased from Gimlet Club members.
BASEBALL
—TODAY— Diamond 1— Delta Tau Delta vs. Beta Theta Pi. 2— Pin Pi Phi vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 3— Theta Xi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 4— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Delta Chi. 5— Acacia vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 6— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Theta Chi. 7— Ward 17-a vs. Ward 11-x. 8— Ward 2 vs. Ward 9. 9— Ward 15 vs. Ward 8. 10— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 11— Ward 11-a vs. Ward 7-x. 12— ^Ward 41 vs. Ward 7 or 27.
Heavy Sports Program For Gala Week-end
A gala athletic program that will rival a three ring circus for variety of activity, will greet Purdue alumni who return here this week-end for the annual Gala Week festivities. The baseball, track, tennis, and spring football squads will all be in action on the two-day sports card on Friday and Saturday, to form a major part of the Gala Week program. “P” Men’s Banquet Aside from their interest in the cornerstone ceremonies and the twoday sports card, returning lettermen among the alumni will join with undergraduate lettermen on Friday evening for a ‘P’ Men’s banquet at which Major John L. Griffith, athletic commissioner of the Big Ten Western Conference, will be the principal speaker. John Wheeler, former football star, now with the Burlington railroad, will act as toastmaster.
The big week-end will climax the busiest week of the season for coach Dutch Fehring’s baseball nine, that will meet Indiana on Friday afternoon and Saturday morning in a two-game home series. In addition to the Purdue-Indiana baseball contest on Friday, returning alumni will see the tennis squad in action against Michigan in a Big Ten dual meet. Saturday will be the big day athletically. The program will be launched at 10 o’clock in the morning with the second game of the Indiana baseball series and a tennis match between Michigan and Iowa on the Purdue courts. At 12:30 the interest will shift to the RossAde Stadium where the Boilermaker track squad will stack up agai^jst Illinois in a Big Ten meet, while at 2 o’clock comes the feature, the cornerstone ceremonies. A pre-view of Purdue’s football squad for the 1937 campaign will be provided at 3 o’clock when the freshmen on the spring football squad will be matched against the sophomore-junior combination in a regulation game in the Ross-Ade stadium. At the same time, the tennis team will complete its week-end of activities in a dual meet with Iowa.
Notables in "Good Earth
//
Luise Rainer and Paul Muni in “The Good Earth
Luise Rainer and Paul Muni interpret the courage and fortitude of China in the screen’s stirring “The Good Earth,” coming to the Mars theater next Friday and Saturday for a special engagement, all seats reserved. 0-Lan, the obedient and docile wife, loyal to her husband in adversity and success. Wang, v the plodding peon turned into an overlord overnight. These are the characters around whom Pearl S. Buck
evolved her unforgettable narrative of the C^iinese race. Luise Rainer and Paul Muni bring them to the screen with a warmth and poignancy that makes them not just screen shadows, but flesh-and-blood human beings. In support of the stars is a cast headed by Walter Connolly, Tilly Losch, Charlie Grapewine and hundreds of Chinese players including Soo Yong, Ke^e Luke, Roland Lui and Mary Wong.
CARBURETOR YELLO-BOLE
New way of burning tobacco better, cooler, cleaner. Car-buretor-Action cools smoke. Keeps bottom of bowl absohtteJy dry. Caked with honey. At dealers* now.
UPDRAFT
LATEST DISCOVERY IN PIPES
I
We Carry a Complete Assortment of
YELLO BOLE PIPES
H. G. (Dear) REISNER
Tennis And G^lf Await Blessing Of Old Man Weather
All-campus golf and tennis, freshman tennis, and the varsity-fresh-man tennis tournaments are slated to begin as soon as the weather man makes up his mind to turn off the showers and turn on the sun. At the present time neither the links nor the courts are in playing condition due to the failure in weather accomodations. Six men will be chosen from the number coming out for the freshman squad to partimpate in the var-sity-frosh tournament. These men will be placed in separate brackets so that they will not meet until the end of the tournament, and those proving the best in individual play will be awarded freshman numerals. Anyone interested in participating in any of these sports should sign up immediately in the Intramural office and pay a ten cent entry fee.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DE. PAUL A. DB. HAROLD J. RISK OR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUTHRR A. RISK
400 Schnltx Bldg. Phone 5701
PUBUC
NOTICE
TO ALL
PIPE
mam
T he CONFUCTING and bewildering claims made for pipe tobacco make it our duty, we believe, to publish this straight-forward statement For 60 years we have been making fine pipe tobaccos, which we guarantee against tongue bite. Now for the first time we divulge the methods which have made this guarantee possible. Pipe tobaccos may be rushed through a plant at a great saving in expense. Every tobacco expert knows this. Or they may be made by the slow, patient method used in Edgeworth. This method we call Process-Aging. There are twelve required steps, each under laboratory control. It takes 4 to 7 times as long as might seem necessary. This prevents tongue bite as no other method will. We invite you to prove this statement to your own satisfaction at our risk. You are the only judge.
NOTE: There are three kinds oT Edgeworth for you to choose from:
1—^Edgeworth Ready-Rubbed—a cool,long-bunungtobacco preferred by eeasoued smokers.
2—^Edgeworth Plug Slice—^for the smoker who likes to crumble the tobacco in his hands until it’s jurt right for him.
3—^Edgeworth Jr.—the same tobacco also Procesa-Aged, but cut for a milder, more firee-lmmiiig smoke.
Please accept SO# Gold Plated CoUar-Pm for only 10# when you buy Edgeworth. Merely send inside white wtappet £mn any tin of Rd^worth with your name and address and 10# to Lams tt Bro. Ch., Dept. 200, Richmond, Va.
LARUS&BMLCD.
%
'*# *
r''( f
n l ' ■ /■
row
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesdayt April 28, 1937
WILL SOON BE SEEN AT THE MARS
Paul Mum and Luise Rainer m a scene from “The Good Earth,” Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer’s talkie from Pearl Buck’s famous story of China, which will be shown at the Mars April 30, May 1.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADiJlNG MACHINES, bought, sold, rented arJ repaired Supplies for all machines C F Ebershoff, 605 Main str''et Phone 2779
Tennis Specials—Best quality re stimging at special prices Also offering some bai gains in fine grade rackets Phone 4784 Johnson
Portable Victrola—Radio cabinet, Two 9x12 lugs Mooie’s Colonial Maiket, 220 Noith Fifth street
Lost—Keyholdei in fiont of Phi Psi 01 Kappa House Call 3434
Lost—Giey Paikei fountain pen, between Chem and Union Building April 21 Reward Call McGhee, phone 5021
Earn Money—Addressing post cards Stamp bungs details Box 85, Winona, Minn
ASPP Will Hear Meteorologist J H Armmgton, senior meteorologist of the Indianapolis Weather Buieau, will talk on “Stalking The Weather” at a dinnei meeting of the Pm due section of the American Society of Plant Physiologists Monday at 6 15 o’clock in the Home Economics cafeteria Reservations for the dinner should be made with D M Doty, Agricultuial Experiment Station, by Friday noon
Tennis Specials—Best quality rest! inging at special prices Also offeiing some bargains in fine grade rackets R E Johnson, Phone 4784
ATO Initiates Fifteen Alpha Tau Omega fraternity announces the initiation of the following men G Hutchens, Hammond, M Paullus, Wabash, R C Becker, Menands, N Y , R Burkholder, Indianapolis, R H Dyer, Dayton, 0 ; R A Stapleton, Akron, N Y , R Fugate, Brazil, J A Curtis, Elkhait, J W Richey, Birmingham, Mich , N G Terry, Kankakee, 111 ; M E Flater, Bloomfield, J Kessel, Indianapolis, L L Huntei, Lafay-
Jacklin, Albjerg, Girton Get FuU Professorships Advancements from associate to full professorships for H M JackIm, mechanical engineering, V L Albjerg, history and R F. Girton plant physiology was approved at the recent quarterly meeting of the board of trustees held last week D S Clark, mechanical engineering, H C Thompson, practical mechanics, L Margaret Johnson, home economics, and H J Yearian, physics, weie raised fiom the rank of instructor to assistant professor Yearian is now on a leave of absence for graduate study and special research work at the University of California
ette, F A Robbins, Pittsburg, Pa ; J McSheehy, Chicago, 111. At an election held last Monday night. Alpha Tau Omega fraternity elected the following officers president, D R Tam, chaplain, A R Giant, house manager, Don Frush; secretary, C B Patch, sentinel, J. A Malar ky, usher, H B Wantland, historian, J W Richey.
Caldwell To Head, Botany Research Dr. Ralph M. Caldwell, a member of the botany department of the Agricultural Experiment Station since 1930, has been named chief of the department to succeed Dr. Max W. Gardner who left some time ago to take a position at the University of California. Dr R. W. Samson was named as assistant chief Caldwell came here to succeed Dr. E B Mains in charge of cereal crop disease investigations. He has developed disease resisting wheat and other cereal crops that offer great promise Samson has done outstanding work as chairman of the state seed certification committee for vegetable crops and will continue in that work
Technical Writing Contest Closes Contest articles, submitted by budding technical writers for competition in the annual contest sponsored by the Theta Tau fraternity and the Purdue Engineer for the encouragement of students desiring to write engineering articles, are now in the hands of the judges Each year the winners of first and second places in this contest are given their choice of engineering handbooks Following the announcement of the winners by the judges, these handbooks, suitably engraved, will be presented by the Phi chapter of Theta Tau fraternity
In Older to study the night-life of birds, George R R Pflaum, debate coach at Kansas State Teacher’s College, has put up a glass Wien house, with electric light attachments, in his backyard
Theta Xi Theta Xi fraternity announces the formal initiation of R. W. Brown, Middletown, 0.; J. R. Fonts, Lafayette; C. L. Garver, Indianapolis; R. W. Hallett, Niagara Falls, N. Y.; G. L. Her ter t, Webster Groves, Mo.; R. W Hicks, Fort Thomas, Ky.; L. A. Luth, St Louis, Mo.; D. L. Olson, Waterloo, la ; and R. C. Stroup, Niagara Falls, N. Y.
Wright Reveals Rules For Characterization Of College Employees Edmond F. Wright, for many years connected with the Harvard Business School as placement director, m his article in the April 15 issue of Eorbes, reveals for employers a few simple rules for sizing up the character, and general disposition of the college men they may wish to hire 10 Pointers The ten practical pointers are. (1) Eliminate any prejudice you may have against the “collegiate” attitude; (2) don’t give him “the school of hard knocks” gag, (3) don’t be too critical of the prospective employee’s dress; (4) the chief stock in trade of a college graduate IS constructive thought; attempt therefore, to test the candidate for effective thinking (5) Having attempted to arrive at a rough estimate of a candidate’s I Q test him for G Q —his “Gumption Quotient,” (6) test for contributions to extra-curricular interests, (7) find out, if you can, what his immediate group thinks of him, (8) test for personality; (9) test for self-discipline; and (10) place at least one responsibility on the candidate in whom you are interested College Salesmen Forbes Magazine is making a search for college men to act as its representatives in a sales cam-
(^o-eds To Attend First State Dance Symposia At Ball State College Thirteen co-eds will represent the University at the first state dance symposia to be held at Ball State May 1 In an attempt to show originality, each school will present its own dance to the same musical selection. Professional dancers will give a lecture demonstration on modem dance in the afternoon. The girls to represent Orchesis are Eleanor Beall, Josephine Cook, Floy Crepps, Catherine Ann Cromer, Louise Harry, Dorothy Howard, Mary Humphreys, Janice Meldahl, Dorothy Newman, Fay Pendergrass, Ann Soulio, Janette Sutherlin, and Pauline Swick. They will be accompanied by Miss Ellis, the faculty director.
Pi Phi’s Receive Scholarship Cup Receiving the scholarship cup at the Pi Beta Phi state luncheon on Saturday for the third consecutive time, the Purdue chapter has again attained the honor of having the highest scholarship of the four Pi Phi chapters in the state of Indiana. Martha Wood, sophomore in the school of science, received an award for having the highest average for last year the University chapter Seventeen memoers from this chapter attended the luncheon, that was held in the Columbia Club at Indianapolis, and the state dance, Saturday night, at the Marott Hotel.
paign this summer. For further infoimation concerning this opportunity for employment or the article quoted above, write to the Exponent.
NOTICES No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
W A. A Orchesis Club—Important meeting at 7 15 p m April 28 —SULIOT W S G A Executive Board—Meeting at 7 15 p m April 28 -STEWART
Gimlet—Meeting at 6 p m April 28 at Delta Upsilon fraternity —HODGDON
Women’s Pan-Hellenic — Meeting scheduled for April 28 is postponed —JARRETT PEW Horseback Riding—Following girls will report at Women s Gym April 28 at the following hours 1 30—Betty Brelsford Ruth Ezra Helen Landgrebe, Margaret Meredith Betty Sexton Ruth Wiley Ruth Wulfman 2 30—Virginia Beck Georgia Elliott, Virginia Huffman JVlarian Frasier Mary Holtman, Georgianna Huber Mane Wetzel —HAZELTON
Newman Club—Those wishing to attend the Newman Club convention at Ohio State University on May 1 and 2 should notify Jerry Ottenweller immediately —CARTON
N Y A Workers—Checks for period ending April 10 are now available in the Executive Building at the cashier s office —HOLLENSBE
Purdue Flying Club—Meeting April 28 at 7 o clock in room B of the Union Building Important meeting —CONWAY.
Theta Alpha Phi—Meeting in the Union Building at 7 o clock April 29 Very important —CALLIS
W. A A Baseball—Games will be played at 4 o clock April 28 In case of rain first game listed will be played in Women s Gymnasium Kappa Kappa Gamma vs Alpha Chi Omega Chi Omega vs Ward 2 Be prompt —TOWNSEND
Orchesis—-Meeting April 28 at 7 o’clock in Women s Gymnasium Compulsory meeting —HARRY
Stump, Stage, Studio Committee—Meeting in Union on April 29 at 4 p m Important —PARDON
Silver Mask—Initiation to be held April 28 at 7 o’clock in the peasant room of the Union Building Actives and pledges be present —ANTUCSHKO
Men’s Archery-—Every afternoon at 4 p m on the range at the south end of the Intramural Field Equipment will be supplied —KINZER
Hoof And Horn Club—Important meeting at 7 15 p m April 28 in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building —CLARY
Festival Day Costume Committee — All girls who signed for the Festival Day costume committee and those who want to work must report April 28 at 4 o’clock to room E of the Memorial Union Building —HUBER AVERY
Union Bridge Tourney Teams—Will the following fraternities send one team to compete in the Union bridge tournament April 28 at 7 p m in the game room Delta Tau Delta, Delta Upsilon, Tau Epsilon Phi, Sigma Alpha Mu, Theta Xi Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Kappa Sigma Sigma Phi Epsilon Phi Gamma Delta Kappa Alpha Theta, Kappa Delta Bho, Acacia, Chi Omega, Sigma Nu, Phi Delta Theta Pi KAppa Alpha Phi Kappa Psi, Alpha Chi Omega The other teams will play April 29 —REID
Dorner^s Flower Shop Qoalhy Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
... men like ’em ... women like ’em In the Big Town, you see lots of empty packages. That means that pack after pack of refreshingly mild, good tasting Chesterfields have satisfied hundreds... who tell you hotv good they taste and what a pleasing aroma they have.
Going East... or going West ,,, Chesterfield satisfies 'em.
Copyright 1937, tiCGBiT & Mms TOBACCO Co.