j
w
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
WEDNESDAY March 9, 1938 Lafoyettev Indiana VOL. 49 No. 130
500 Seniors Hear Dr. T. B. Rice Talk In Third Of Marital Series Lectures “Watch your step while dealing with sexual relations,” advised Marital Lecturer Dr. T. B. Rice, to approximately 500 senior men yesterday at 4 p. m. in the lecture room of the Education ■— ■ Building.
Purdue Egg, Chick Show To Celebrate 3ih Anniversary Plans are now well undemay for the annual Purdue Egg and Baby Chick Show to be held in the University Poultry Building April 28, 29, and 30, L. R. Ralston, manager of the show, announced last night. This year’s exhibit will mark the thirtieth anniversary of the Egg Show and the sixth birthday of the Baby Chick exhibit. The organization is a non-profit activity designed to further poultry husbandry in Indiana and to impress upon the minds of buyers the importance of egg and chick quality. It is sponsored by undergraduates in the school of agriculture with Prof. E. E. Schnetzler of the poultry department acting as faculty advisor. Pioneer Show During its 30 years of growth, the “Pioneer Egg Show of America” has attracted over 12,000 entries. Classes are provided for everyone from the commercial egg producers to students and 4-H Club members. . The Baby Chick Show was begun in 1933 when sponsors realized that poultrymen and the farmers should have an opportunity to learn how to recognize and select thrifty chicks for the production of the best broilers and layers. Last year over 75 entries were received from hatcherymen throughout the Middle West. Awards of approximately $100 in cash prizes, 30 cups and plaques, and many ribbons will be offered to the winners of the various classes. Prof. Rising Presents Series Of Sound Films Four films, the first in a series of educational sound pictures, will be presented this afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops. The pictures were shown yesterday. A new set of films will be given'every Tuesday and Wednesday. This series of films is being presented by the practical mechanics department, through the cooperation of the Visual Education Bureau of Indiana University. “Reproduction Among Mammals,” “The Earth in Motion,” “Ground Water,” and “Plant Growth” will be presented today. The program for next week includes “Water Power,” “Nervous System,” “Body Defenses Against Disease,” ^ and “The Percussion Group.” Prof. Justus JRising, who is in charge of the series, invites everyone interested to attend the showings. $800 Refund Waits For Frosh Scholars Nearly $800 is waiting to be claimed by freshmen who made special merit scholarship deposits for the first semester. Cashier Hollensbe reported last night. Only a few of the 60 eligible freshmen have claimed their refunds as yet. Refunds may be obtained by calling at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building and presenting the receipt and student passport.
Indiana Weather
“If one is too hasty at first it will spoil his mental makeup,” he continued on the first topic of his talk on “Marriage From the Viewpoint of a Man Physician.” “It will leave a dangerous inferio^ complex effect on the mind.” “Agreement upon the number of children by the married couple should terminate part of the family troubles,” he said. After several years of marriage, the six-year veteran of the marital lecture series said, let your conscience be your guide. Following his hour talk. Dr. Rice answered questions submitted by students at the lecture. The lecture was the third of the present marital lecture series. 150 Prom Permits Issued Yesterday One hundred and fifty permits to the Junior Prom were issued yesterday. Prom Chairman Bob Sasser reported last night. At the opening at 4 o’clock in room D of the Union Building, 30 upperclassmen were waiting in line to apply for permits. Permit distribution will continue today from 4 to 6:30 in room D and at the same time each day through Friday. Saturday, permits will be given out between 1 and 5 p. m. Several upperclassmen were refused permits because they didn’t bring their passports with them, the Prom committee announced, and passports must be presented when applying for Prom permits. The committee also stressed the fact that the $4 for the permit does not have to be paid now, but may be paid at the cashier’s office at any time before March 23. An unlimited number of permits will be issued, and they may be returned for refund if the biiyer is dissatisfied. Prom committee members added. mi Offers Prize For Sfydent Paper student-prepared papers will be read tonight at 7 p. m. in room 108 of the Mechanical Building at a meeting of the local branch of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, President W. B. Wolverton announced last night. A suitable award, Wolverton stated, will be given to the student submitting the best prepared paper on a mechanical engineering subject. The judges of the papers will be Professors D. L. Arm, W. J. Cope, and E. S. Ault of the mechanical engineering department. The student winner will represent the local branch of the ASME at Milwaukee later in the month for a regional convention of the society.
By Helen Steffee
“Frankenstein” has deserted the front hall of the Memorial Union Building and taken “Michael Golden” with him. Replacing these familiar figures are large frames with space for names of the 3,100 life mem-
bers of the Memorial Union.
Two pictures,a steel mill scene called “Frankenstein,” painted by Y. Ames Aldrich, and Robert Grafton’s portrait of Michael Golden, beloved former head of the mechanical engineering school, were shifted from the first floor to another part of the Union Building. The change made room for the temporary plaques containing the names, by classes, of all persons who have contributed $100 or more to the Memorial Union
Building.
When the list has been completed and the payments of all members made in full, this temporary list will be taken down and replaced by
bronze plaques.
For 20 years before the building finally became a reality, the campaign for funds to make it possible was going on, and in all, alumni have given $600,000 toward the project. Now their generosity is to be rec-
ognized in permanent bronze.
Forecast for Indiana: Increasing cloudiness today and tomorrow with occasional rain tomorrow, probably beginning in west portion of state this afternoon. Colder in southwest portion today and in the east portion tomorrow. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 46; low, 29; mean, 37.5.
Editor's Note: Today Exponent presents Good Teacher A. N. Topping:, ot the Electrical Engrineering school, in its series of interviews. He certainly satisfles one of Exponent’s test points: Does he drive or lead? “I resent the popular method of judging teachers by ‘what they put out’!” argues Electrical Engineering Professor A. N. Topping, Then he goes on to present logic to back up this rather startling statement: ‘'‘Personally, I would judge a professor or instructor by the effort his students make! A student probably isn’t learning anything unless he is digging for it. . . and a good teacher should be one who is able to make his students dig . . . and like it.” Making It Simple Most any instructor can make his course simple to learn by merely telling his classes exactly what
Plaques In East Wing Of Milne Announccs Start Of
Union To Honor Donors — ■ i n
Cash Ticket Reservations Ticket reservations for cash will begin at 1 p. m. today for “Of Thee I Sing,” acording to W. K. Milne, ticket chairman of
the All-Campus production.
Monday and Tuesday tickets were reserved at the Playshop office in Fowler Hall only in Exchange of ticket coupons sold in an advanced sale last week. -■■■" - ' ■■■■ -
SevHsky To Lead Symphony In 2nd Appearance Here Fabien Sevitsky will return to the University to lead the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra in its second appearance here this year, tomorrow at 8 p. m. in the Memorial 'Gymnasium. The orchestra appeared in the Fieldhouse last
January.
“Kalinnikow Symphony in G Minor,” which was first played in Indianapolis in January, will be one of the featured numbers of the concert, The Kalinnikow Symphony was received favorably by Indianapolis critics on its first appearance there. One of the critics, in writing about the symphony, spoke of the orchestra’s “inherent sensitiveness in the interpretation of Kalinnikow’s melodic and untroubled symphony,” while another critic called the symphony an “attractive feature of the program . . . there is an appealing andante, a lively scherzo, and sonorous finale.” Other numbers on the program will include Handel’s “Water Music,” Griffes’ “The Pleasure Dome of Kubla Khan,” “Paganini-Molin-ari’s “Moto Perpetuo,” and Rim-sky-Korsakow’s “Carpriccio Es-
pagnole.”
Students will be admitted upon presentation of their passports. Hdlind To Address ASCE Group Tonight William Holland, executive secretary of the Indiana Constructor’s Association, will address a meeting of the ASCE tonight at 7:30 in the lecture room of the Civil Engineering Building. Holland acted as lobbyist in Congress recently, working against the proposal by which the federal government would take over the highway systems. In 1924, he organized the Indiana State Highway Constructors association, the first organization of its kind in the United States, and today is the leading organization of
its kind.
Holland is a member of the state code authority for construction, and director of the highway materials and equipment association. He was the originator of the idea of grading contractors, thereby limiting the size of the job upon which a small contractor could bid. Holland just returned from Washington, D. C., where he hks been working in connection with new problems that labor conditions have placed on construction work. He will discuss in his lecture new problems of the engineer with labor, and financing state construc-
tion.
Prof. Charles Murphy... ... of the history, economics, and government department, spoke last night on “Some Current World Problems” for the Industrial Club of Elkhart, at the request of a former student, Russell Warren, EE ’34. About 300 factory executives and foremen attended the meeting.
^ Who Stole Bumps?^ Ask 2 ME Seniors Making ^Jar’ Tests During the course of an automobile vibration test conducted last Sunday on route 52, the standard steel bumps, employed in such experiments for the past few years,
were stolen.
Mechanical Engineering seniors, W. B. Love and F. G. Petersen, who were carrying on the test, paused about 4 o’clock to change records in the Purdue three-directional accelerometer when the loss was noted. Those bumps would be of little value to anyone and it is hoped that they will be returned to the ME school so that they may be used m further investigations of riding quality and vehicle safety. Skiimer To Discuss Hew Farm Legislifion J. H. Skinner, dean of the school of agriculture, has been selected to speak at a state-wide meeting of all township and community committeemen interested in the Agricultural Conservation program, L. M. Vogler, chairman of the state committee announced yesterday. The meeting will begin at noon Monday, March 21, in Tomlinson Hall, Indianapolis, and several addresses will be given on the administration of the new farm act. Following the speeches, C. R. Wickard, ' in charge of the farm program in north central states, will answer questions about the farm act. Other speakers booked for the meeting include Gov. M. C. Townsend, C. R. Wickard, and Lieut. Gov. p. F. Shricker, who is commissioner of agriculture. St, PauVs Church Shows Comous $2,000,000 Life of Christ Film starting last Monday and running through Sunday, March 20, Cecil B. DeMille’s “King of Kings” will be shown at St. Paul’s Methodist Church. Admission to the $2,000,000 photoplay will be free, a silver offering being the sole means of meeting expenses. This picture has a cast of over 5,000 people, who depict the life of
Jesus.
Sigma'Delta Chi To
Mike Weekly Awards
For Best Articles Meeting at 7 last night in the
Union, Sigma Delta Chi members and pledges set up plans for an extensive semester program of jour-
nalistic activity.
Committees were appointed by President A. H. Forster to begin a series of weekly and monthly awards for best writing efforts turned in to a number of campus publications by students. Weekly prizes for writing on each of these publications will be awarded, and then from among these winners will be picked the writer of the best article of the month, who will receive a suitable
prize in addition.
Initiation ceremonies for the seven pledges: C. D. Ehinger, D. R. Vance, L. S. Hardin, D. D. Baals, C. D. Schroeder, D. A. Bailey, and H. I. Stanback, were set for Sunday night. Actual initiation rites will begin at 5:45, while a banquet will follow at 6 o’clock. Committees were also appointed to begin arrangements for the second annual Sigma Delta Chi Newspaper Day, to be held here in May. Possibilities of having high school students from surrounding districts visit the University as guests of Sigma Delta Chi, to attend the Newspaper Day and to publish an issue of the Exponent were also
discussed.
35 Dairy Sfudents Make Annual Trip Thirty-five dairy manufacture short course students left Sunday on an annual inspection tour of dairy plants and equipment firms
in Chicago, 111.
A three-day program has been arranged to include the study of milk, butter, and ice cream plants. Lectures will be given to the group by representatives of dairy and equip-
ment firms.
Daily department head H. W. Gregory, Prof. R. E. Roberts, in charge of the manufacture short course, and instructor K. C. Boxell will have charge of the student
group on the trip.
Today, however, the entire houses of the four nights the show will be given will be thrown open to the public. This will include sale of both 60 and 76 cent seats. The advance sale was for 75 cent seats
only.
The 50-cent seats are for the side sections downstairs and the balcony while the 75 cent seats are in the center section. Ticket reservations may be made by phone, but the reservations will be held but 24 hours. If the applicants have not called for them before that time they will be sold. Alpha Phi Omega Iniflifes 22 Men At ceremonies held Sunday at 6 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union, Alpha Phi Omega, national scouting honorary, initiated the follow-
ing men:
G. R. Culp, K. W. Kuebler, F. H. Fisher, J. R. Cavanagh, Erwin Kammerling, R. A. Lynch, T. B. Glazebrook, C. R. Pandel, J. J. Brown, H. W. Lownie, W. G. Q. Punnell, J. A. Jensen, E. C. Knight, R. E. Hauser, Arthur Beard, D. W. Clugston, J. E. Hammer, W. J. Derner, A. V. Cohee, I. M. Cole, R. L. Colby, and J. L. Simmons. At the banquet in the faculty lounge which followed the initiation, the attending faculty members included Professors W. T. Miller, H. G. Venemann, H. L. Creek, H. G. DeKay, R. G. Dukes, C. G. Geltz, W. A. Knapp, and L. M. Sears. W. Johnston Wins Exponent Contest William Johnston, junior science student, won first place and the $3 award in last week’s Exponent bas-ketball-scores contest. Max Carpenter, freshman engineer, won the $2 second-place award; and Robert Ortman, freshman agriculture student, the $1 third-place award. Honorable mention went to Warren Archibald, first-year science student, and Everett McCauley, freshman engineer. Each contestant was required to pick the scores of the 10 basketball games appearing on the fourth page of last Wednesday’s Exponent and write 25 words or less on “Why I Think I Should Patronize Local Merchants.” Entomology Graduate Gets Sulfur Co. Post Sherman W. Clark, Jr., Ag ’27, was recently given the position of assistant to the director of the agricultural department of the Texas Gulf Sulphur Company, Houston,
Tex. '
Students Learn By Digging^ Says Professor Topping
he expects them to know . . . then testing their memory of his arbitrary requirements, thinks Profes-
sor Topping.
Then the inveitable question: What methods seem to bring you success in instructing EE classes? ... to which Topping amusedly answers, “I’ve always rather doubted that any good teacher ever consciously adopts any method or system. Any success I may have had has always resulted from an attempt on my part to assume the students’ viewpoint.” “I never try to make the subject disciplinary, although I do h9,ve ideas about exemptions and class cutting.” (Later he explains these ideas more fully). An experimenter at heart. Top-
ping pridefully admits, “I like to see how a class will respond to a change in procedure.” Though he usually doesn’t make radical rearrangements, he is partial to new ideas, and always willing to give
them a try.
Rather modestly he observes, “Don’t believe I could teach a descriptive course like history or economics.” Technical courses are definitely more in his line. He keeps almost invariably to the point . . . bull sessions or tales of industry seldom creep into his classroom. He makes no attempt at humor, although his talks are anything but dull. He doesn’t lecture . . . just explains theory and specific problems with the aid of
copious blackboard art. Some “Put Out” Too Much Now he goes back to his original resentment—the output method of judging teachers. He thinks many of them probably “put out” too
much!
“Really, I don’t believe in telling a fellow the analysis for a problem he is capable of thinking out for himself.” Ruefully he admits, “I constantly find myself doing this even though I know it is wrong.” “There are two classes of minds to teach: the active mind and the passive mind,” states Professor Topping. Passive minds, according to him, are the ones which hate to think for themselves, ones which will willingly absorb classroom ex(Continued on page 8)
Freshmen Wanted Wanted: Any number of freshmen with enthusiasm and interest, who are extremely interested in becoming members of the business staff of the Exponent. Report to the Exponent office at 812 North 6th St., Lafayette, after 4 p, m. today. -^MILLER.
5£dijtifaaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
dtunufi.
Wednesday, March 9, 1938
44
Suppose You Put A Note
... in the Exponent cautioning students to address their cards and letters. We get some of these everj^ day. If you read the card, you will see that the boy won’t eat.” Those few words inked on a slip of paper came to our office yesterday afternoon from the Lafayette branch of the U. S. dead-letter department. The slip was clipped to a penny postal card bearing no address, either forwarding or return, and just the first name of the sender . . . only marking on the address side of the card was the postoffice,stamped “RETURNED FOR BETTER DIRECTION.” We did read the card, and surmised that the boy writer perhaps did endure some lean days . . . but we doubt whether the hunger pangs were worse than the mental pain he experienced because his parents didn’t live pp to the expectations voiced in his card—^which never .reached them. Names replaced by blanks, the message reads: Feb. 16, 1938. Dear Folks, This has been a rough day and I’m still alive. We had a test today but it was easy. I got a test paper back today and I had an A. I don’t suppose I’ll get home this weekend so that will mean I won’t get home until it is out. We have been busy. It is about time to go to that meeting. I’ve got less than 50c in my pocket but I have a meal ticket but that will run out about Friday or Sat. We went to that show Sat. nite and got 2 qts. of ice cream that night & 2 qts. Sunday nite & 1 qt. Mon. night and that was the last of the cake and strawberries. They were sure good. We walked out to the airport Sun. afternoon and went to church that nite we laid in bed too late in the morning. and I learned how to woo the girls like they have never been wooed before. Next Sunday nite he isn’t going to be here on account of his mother died. Don’t forget to send the money out so I get by Sat. or before if you want me to eat. Yours, . There’s plenty of truth in the Lafayette dead-letter office’s statement, “We get some of these every day.” We stopped in there shortly after Christmas a year ago and learned that about 2,000 local yuletide greetings did not convey their message of cheer that season because they carried incorrect addresses—or none at all. “It used to be entertaining to read the love letters that come to the dead-letter office,” the lady clerk told us then, “but I’ve seen so many
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER ^sociuted ^IWdiatr HADISOM WISCOKSm Entered m second class matter at the poet office in Lafarette, Indiana, under the act of ConsrreBS of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of Oct, 8, 1917, authorised Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail f8.60. REPBESONTED FOB NATIONAU ADVERTIBINO BY National HdvertisingServIce, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. Chicago - Bostoh - Los Angeles - saw Francisco
Editor-In-Chief
BnsincM Manarer
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. B. Brock Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D, R. Vance Editor's Secretary Margaret Sawyer Night Editor—Hardin Issue Editor—Woodson Wednesday, March 9, 1938
of them by now that I put off the task as long as possible.” And when we assented to her query, “Are you from Purdue ?” she stated: “Well, I wish you would tell the students over there that they are the worst offenders of all the users of the postal system. I find more letters from them with only the name of the city where they are intended to be sent, or with the name of some other city coupled with a local street, or with some other fault in the address than from any other class of persons.” Maintenance of the federal dead-letter office formerly cost a million dollars a year, and the present figure is high enough, although the establishment of a branch office at every first class postoffice reduced this expense somewhat. A letter with an uncertain address is sent on all rural routes surrounding Lafayette—then to the dead-letter office for thirty days. At the end of that time it is opened to find some clue as to the sender . . . any money found in such a letter is, if possible, returned to the sender. Most pathetic was the unaddressed post card one of the postoffice clerks showed to an Exponent co-ed reporter a couple of years ago. On it was written: “Dear Mom, “If you want me to come home this Christmas, send me three dollars. I have ten days’ vacation. If you don’t send me the money. I’ll know you don’t want me to come home and you’ll never see me again.”
Papa Purdue Has His Say Office of John Purdue. My Dear Bovine Daughters Vicky and Micky, Your father has been very busy in the past few days and I am afraid he has neglected you. However, I wish that when you write to the old man or talk about your brothers Sy and Abner you would couch your remarks with a bit more respect. My lovely, broad-beamed Vicky, years ago when you sat on my knee and we thumbed through a Sears and Sawbuck catalogue, you were a bit hasty in picking out Dad’s new harness. Even though the years have made you a bit rounder in the barrel and heavier in the shank you still jump at conclusions regarding your brothers and everyone else.
Sy’s Quite A Help
Sy has had many long talks with me and I think you should appreciate his point of view. In spite of his making a 6.5 index, he has •been able to take some of the burden off these old shoulders by working as a waiter in a sorority
house.
He may not understand the fine intricacies of butter knives and salad forks; but he does know he is not the medieval serf some of the girls assume him to be. It seems strange that the girls who demand the most in school and in after life have had the least at home. A kind, courteous word now and then would go a long ways towards making his job a more pleasant one. Sy Has His Points The girls who pay most attention to Sy’s errors in the social niceties, are those who never thanked him for giving them a seat or opening a door for them. I myself have been forced to walk in the mud while a bevy of blonde, heavylegged Holsteins tripped arm-in-arm along the only walk. Sy may not know the difference between a’ la carte and table d-hote, but he is at least courteous and considerate. On the other hand, your brother Abner doesn’t seem to appreciate the fact that I had to sell 50 of my best Chester White hogs to send him to Purdue. I realize that he has learned the social graces in Post’s best manner; but sadly enough he has neglected to look at the books recommended by his professors.
a university without scientific development would have no stamina and could not hold its place amongst the upper rank of educational institutions. Nevertheless, the primary function of a college is to present information to its enrollees, and that in as satisfying a manner as possible. It is difficult to find a person who is a good research worker and a good teacher at the same time. Perhaps we should recognize the fact and keep the two functions separate; however, when we do find one who embodies both characteristics we should give him due praise. Cecil E. Goode, Gi’aduate Student.
I’ll admit that it is a pleasure to see his engaging smile and to meet his magnetic hand shake; but Vicky, when he pats me on the back in that patei’nal and political manner, I don’t feel that a moratorium will
be called on the mortgage. I could carry on this lecture for
ages or do whatever it is that all reformers do when they want to reform. But the fact remains that this old world will go on pretty much in the way it has for the past 2,000 years. The only thing we can do is to try to understand. You
may not be understood either! “My House Is In Order” . None of us are perfect and that is
half the fun of life. Every time I feel like starting out on a campaign of social reform, I like to think of what the Chineses say “My house is in order, now I may
die.”
You probably won’t take my advice anyhow; but here it is: Let’s spend the time we usually spend in finding fault by putting our own house in order.
Love,
Your Pa. Appreciates Articles On Good Teaching Dear Editor: I, for one, am glad to notice that you are recognizing good teaching ability in your new series in the Exponent. It seems to me that Purdue has minimized the importance of the development of effective teaching personality. Research has its place, true, and
Start All-University Show At 7 O’clock Dear Editor: I would like to know if anything has been done about arranging the All-University Show and Sophomore Cotillion for Friday night, March 11. I know a lot of students who would enjoy going to the show if they could be sure of getting to the Cotillion by at least 10 o’clock. If the sponsors of the show would start it promptly at 7 o’clock that night, everyone could easily be at the dance by 10 o’clock. This would give the miembers of the cast who have dates for the dance a chance to attend it. The Sophomore Cotillion i^ one of the better dances during the school year and so there is no reason why two affairs such as these should interfere with one another. Also, if all the fraternities and sororities would have 5:30 supper that night, everybody would have time enough to get ready for the show which would start at 7. I would like very much for this plan to be put into effect. W. S., ME ’39 Phi Gamma Delta... . . . fraternity announces the election of the following officers for the coming semester: president, John Mackie; corresponding secretary, Gordon Matthews; treasurer, John Keck; recording secretary, Ward Ferlstermaker; historian, William Smith.
Norseland’s gay festivals and New York’s winter spectacles, the show once more brings together the romantic team of Sonja Henie and Don Ameche, which was such a success in “One In a Million.” The supporting cast includes Jean Hersholt, Ethel Merman, Cesar Romero, and the Raymond Scott Quintet.
The New Campus Togs SUITS JUST ARRIVED Three Button Coats Double Breasted Coats Pleated Zipper Trousers The very latest young men’s styles. You Must See Them $22.50 - $25 - $29 ROSENTHAL’S 322 Main St.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
As a prevue of our rapidly developing “Campus-Love” catalogue and romance survey, we offer two beautiful stories of campus romances which reached our ears today. Carl Sadler has an auto (?) named “Suzy-Q.” Carl Sadler had a Pi Kappa Phi pin. Carl Sadler had a gal named Mary Alice, too. Now, Carl has the gal, “Suzy-Q”, but not the pin. Quoth Mary Alice Masters, as she gazed ecstatically at Carl’s pin as it rose and fell upon her heaving bosom: “It never would have happened if ‘Suzy-Q’ hadn’t of had a flat tire! I think it’s just too luscious!” Which of the three do you mean, Mary Alice, the pin or either of the two flat tires? In contrast to this romance of long standing comes news of an eight-day “courtship.” Bill Elstun, Beta transfer from Cornell, put his pin on Jeannette Kitzte, Theta pledge who transferred here this semester. He had known her but eight days But he made up for speed by putting out the pin in church last Sunday. With such incentives as the above romances our “pin directory” contributions should continue to pour in. Don’t wait . . . send in a list of the pin mergers which have occurred in your fraternity or sorority. We’ll publish the complete list . . . and there are still Mars passes for doit. Mars Screen Film Stars Sonja. Henie Sonja Henie returned to the Mars screen Sunday in the latest 20th Century-Fox musical hit “Happy Landings.” Revolving about the
T tell you that’s Reggie De Pupysted, my first husband—I never forget a face!”
would enjoy gum—it was vulgar. Today we are more than tolerant of this American amusement, but there is a when, a where, and a how to use it. Chew gum with the mouth closed, chew gently and quietly—this is how. When and where—not at dances, not at teas, not at any formal or informal social event; at a sports event, yes; in fact, whenever such an act will not be conspicuous, crude, or impolite, it’s perfectly OK, but don’t overdo it.
By Sally McKee Gum chewing—the social horror of a generation ago—almost accepted by people today. When the sweet sticks upon mastication become pliable and excitingly chewable first appeared on the American market, society looked horrified—“no nice girl” or gentleman
Two Nebraska Wesleyan University faculty members have been dismissed to promote faculty harmony.
Ly^
Last Day-
LYDA ROiERTI ALISON SMIFWOIITII —STARTS TOMORROWWILL ROGERS IN “The County Chairman” —and— WAYNE MORRIS in “The Kid Comes Back”
ARC
-LAST DAY-
DOlORESOELmO
—^Also— ‘Wild West Days” Serial
MARS
-LAST DAY-
Basils —STARTS TOMORROW JEAN PARKER JOHN HOWARD “PENITENTIARY’
csri —TODAY—
Also March of Time
STARTS TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS
Giggles by the Gallon MAIDS NIGHT OUT with JOAN FONTAINE Allan Lane Billy Gilbert -PLUSCOUNTY FAIR with J. FARRELL MacDONALD FUZZY KNIGHT
ONLY 4 MORE DAYS TO WAIT! SNOW WHITE AND THE SEyEN DWARFS —Starts Saturday—Wednesday, March 9, 1938
THE PURDUE
Spo*dA
EXPONENT
Fifty-Three Candidates Attend Baseball Meeting “Every position on this ball club is open,” commented Coach Dutch Fehring in a pep talk to the 53 varsity baseball candidates who met in the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon. “Pop” Doan and Bert Sanders, who are assisting Fehring and “Red” Breslin, captain of the team, also talked to the squad and stressed the fact that the team should enjoy playing the game.
With 13 major lettermen, four
minor lettermen, and a group of promising sophomores on the squad, Fehring is confident that Purdue will be represented by a better ball club this year than in previous seasons. He also stated that the Fieldhouse has made it possible for baseball practice to start much earlier this spring than in previous years and should help to strengthen the team. Lettermen Back Major lettermen back from last year’s squad are: pitchers, A. R. Bredewater, S. J. Heiss, and C. E. Mangas; catchers, A. J. Bredewater and P. Malaska; infielders, T. H. Breslin, R. H. Dean, J. C. Lyboult, J. L. Thompson, and J. Waling; outfielders, J. D. Baker, C. B. Malysiak, and N. Poulos. The minor lettermen back are R. G. Ainslie, A. G. Botney, J. T. Doan, and H. S. Krause. Promising candidates from last year’s freshmen team include: Hardin and Warner, pitchers; McAf-
ee and Yeager, catchers; Walkey, Hearne, Holden, and Smithson, infielders; and MacKiewicz, Lucas, Stamm, Kurtz, and Vernon, out-
fielders.
Doris Hale Accepts Stout Institute Post Doris M. Hale, BS ’34, of Lafayette, has accepted a post at Stout Institute, Menominee, Wis., where she will be professor of biology, physiology, and biochemistry. Miss Hale received her master’s degree in 1937. She is a member of Delta Rho Kappa, science honorary, and Sigma Xi, research honorary. INTERFRATERNITY PING PONG DOUBLES Today—4:00 Tau Epsilon Phi vs. winner, Sigma Alpha Mu and Sigma Chi.
FORMAL WEAR We pride ourselves on formal clothes that are meticulously correct in every way, yet as comfortable to wear as an ordinary business suit. THE TUXEDO THE DRESS SHIRT
5th and
Main
Go “Formal” Correctly and You’ll Be at Ease
THE HUB
5th and
Main
Tankmen Lose To Champs In Final Water Polo Game Coach LaBree’s varsity water polo squad ended its current season last night when they suffered defeat at the hands of the Indianapolis Athletic Club, 3 goals to 2. This match was the final one for VanDelester and Kerber, graduating seniors, but Armstrong, Lahey, Liming, Marshall, Carr, and Jacobi will be back again next season. The main purpose of this match with the lAC squad was to give the visitors additional practice for their match with the St. Louis team this Saturday, and also to give the Purdue squad additional experience that can be gained from the championship team. The lAC squad was crowned water polo champs last season at the St. Louis contest. BATTERY BASKETBALL The eight battery basketball teams that were scheduled for contests in the Fieldhouse (Court 4) Thursday, will play off their games Saturday, March 12, starting 1:30. —Court 1— 1:30—D-2 vs. D-4. 1:45—E-4 vs. E-2. —Court 2— 1:30—F-4 vs. F-2. 1:45_S-2 vs. S-4. The above change was made necessary because the varsity basketball floor was removed in order to have room for the varsity baseball team to practice.
LEARN TO TAP By EnroRing In Our NEW BEGINNER’S CLASS For Adults WED., MAR. 9, 6:00 p.m. NEW BEGINNER’S BALLROOM CLASS WED., MAR. 9, 7:00 p.m. ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
-
^nvolc
OUl6
L
omai6
^edtiuitied Young, gay, fresh! The sweetest dance frocks that will swing to the ''Big Apple," swish to alluring rhumba music and glide through a dreamy waltz. Demure chiffons and nets . . . swirling taffetas . . . alluring laces and satins. Soft pastels . . . bright shades . . . black and white . . . they're priced impressively, low.
Ninety Players Report To Mai Elward As Spring Gridiron Practice Begins Spring football practice got well under way yesterday as 90 gridiron men reported to Coach Mai Elward and his four assistants for the second workout of the spring practice period. “Since 14 seniors, many of whom had been playing regular, are lost to the squad for the next season, the boys will be fighting hard to fill the vacant positions. The signs of enthusiasm and tough competition are already beginning to show up,” remarked Mai yesterday after the second day’s practice. No Scrimmage Yet Scrimmage will not start until after the newcomers have learned their assignments, which may be a week or so. The formula which the football team will be following will be one of a fast offense with accurate passing and lateraling—the “open field” type of football, where the speedy material which is coming out for practice will show up to best advantage.
Seven Frosh Boxers Win Finals Of ROTC Tourney Seven freshman military boxers were victorious in the finals of the ROTC boxing tournament staged at the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon. These remaining men, representing seven weight divisions, were the finalists of a field of over 300 boxers. ' — A large crowd watched the
BASKETBALL —Today— Court 1—Mangas 7:00—Cary Hall N-1 vs. N-2. 7'15—Sigma Chi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 8:25—Ward 14 vs. Ward 10. 8:40—Chauncey vs. Salisbury. Court 2—Lupear. 7:00—Cary Hall E-2 vs. E-3. 7:15—Ward 5 vs. Ward 2A. 8:25—Ward 1 vs Cary Hall 5. Court 3—Spehn. 7‘00—Cary Hall Annex vs. E-1. 7:15—Triangle vs. Phi Gamma Delta.
FRATERNITY SQUASH Today—4:00 CLASS “A” Kappa Alpha vs. Tau Epsilon
Phi.
CLASS “B” Pi Kappa Psi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Delta Upsilon vs. Beta Theta Pi.
Phi
Purdue Wrestlers Enter Big 10 Meet Leaving early Friday morning, five men of Coach Reeck’s wrestling team will invade the Northwestern campus to participate in the annual Big Ten wrestling meet. This will be the first time in many years that Purdue has had a team entered in this wrestling tourney. Weighing-in is scheduled to start Friday morning at 10 o’clock, with the preliminary matches in the afternoon and the semi-final and final bouts late Saturday afternoon and evening. The following men have been selected by Coach Reeck to represent Purdue: 126 pound class, Burkheiser and Sieber; 155, Hoffman; 165, Gossard; 175, Willey. Students Leern(Continued from page 1) planation, but balk at analyzing any unfamiliar problem. Always Two Jumps Ahead The active mind, on the other hand, is bored with lengthy classroom lectures, is always two jumps ahead of the class in analysis, and will function under almost any unfamiliar situation. “We’re always handicapped by having to teach both these types of minds in the same class. Consequently our teaching is generally a rather unsatisfactory compromise,” he says. Professor Topping likes to teach . . . seemed surprised when asked why he didn’t enter industry. He enjoys his contacts with young folks, and gets a lot of satisfaction
Serve Better Meats Order From City Heat and Poultry Market FRATERNITY AND SORORITY ACCOUNTS A SPECIALTY
220 North Third St.
Phone 5372
• *e Purdue Exponent Service Directory
— Bookstores — -‘DEA(7’ Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student Beauty Studio • EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. TtlENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phene 7727
— Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN —- Locksmith F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Antomobile key and lock aerTico oar ■peelalty. L. C. N. Door Closer Dbtribators 208-211 N. 5th St, Phone 2828 I PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DK. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT Q. RISK DR. LUTHKR A. RISK 4th (ft Main Phone 5701
champion.ship bouts, as 14 evenlymatched men put on one of the best boxing shows to ever be seen at the University. Featuring the final bouts were three technical knockouts, one by Seymour in the heavyweight division, one by Axton in the 175 pound class, and another by Jones, a 125-pounder. Several Technical KO’s Although several fights were stopped in their early stages because of technical knockouts, there were a number of evenly-matched bouts that went the full three rounds before a decision could be reached. One of the better fights in this group was in the 135 pound class, between Marson and Danton. Marson finally won the fight, but a close decision decided the winner. Winners Winners in the seven final weight classes were as follows: 115-pound class, L. H. Cuntner won a decision over J. R. Grubbs; 125 pound class, M. S. Jones wou on a technical knockout over M. K. Hewlett in the second round; 135 pound class, Marson won decision over J. K. Danton; 145 pound, B. I. Woodhull won decision over D. J. Breen; 160 pound, J. A. Powell won decision over A. H. Hussung; 175 pound, T. P. Axton won on technical knockout over J. H. Winchell; and heavyweight, J. E. Seymour won on a technical knockout over B. S. Jackewicz in the second round.
from seeing those young folks respond to teaching. Few Need Driving He believes that “pushing” students, or trying to “spoonfeed” the knowledge to them, is highly undesirable ... he thinks only a few need that sort of treatment anyhow. He has definite ideas on the cutting situation. Won’t exempt anyone who cuts frequently, although he doesn’t count off on the final grade for missed classes. His theory is that a person who misses classes has no way of showing his instructor how much he knows, except by examination . . . consequently the exemption ban. Whether by reason of this policy, which he plainly states to his classes early in the semester, or for some other cause. Topping’s cuts are few ... he is surprised at the fewness. Teaches In High School Born near Lawrence, Kan., Professor Topping got an engineering education at his state university. After graduation he didn’t really expect to become a teacher, but since industry was frowning on “upstart” college graduates at that time, he accepted an opportunity to teach high school chemistry and physics. After four or five years of high school pedagogy, he came to Purdue, to teach electidcal engineering. In between teaching assignments, however, he worked for Westinghouse, in Pittsburgh, and for an electrical contracting concern in Kansas.
PROGRAMS and MENUS for Your Fraternity Initiations CALL 7828 % Lafayette Printing Company3bocaL Gd&.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TLoiksA,
Wednesday, March 9, 1938
Pi Beta Phi Announces Initiation Of Members Pi Beta Pill social ‘'Olont^ \ o';te1da^ annoiinoed the initiation of 16 ne\\ membei'' Tlie nc\\ initiates aie Ellen Bas^iett. \ndeison; Jane Blach Mount Vei non Pecrev Bovee of lion Mountain, Mich , Martha \lice Brorrn, Gieenheld, Thelma Bus:her, Kokomo, and Baibaia DePew, Milwaukee, Wis Dorothr Ebeihaidt Fowlei, Doris Gamble, M ashington, D C , Janet Giesrei Chicago, 111 , Augusta Hite, Ander'^on, Dorothy Holden, W Lafayette, Mary Jane Hunt, Wautoma, Wi's , Martha Ann Limpus, Shelbjwille, Bobby Muentzer, Vincennes, Betty Spears, Clinton, and Ruth Zimmerman, Walsaw^
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. EbershoIF, 605 Main street.
WANTED—Roommate for separate bed Also single room for rent Continuous hot water. 350 Chauncey
LOST—Theta Chi Pin—Saturday night, probably on State street. Phone Sterns, 5065.
FOR RENT—Large front single 1 oom $12 month. 118 East Oak.
WASHING AND IRONING — Student or family. Phone 41684.
A RIDE WANTED—To Pittsburgh and return during vacation. Phone 2437. Bill Delmer.
SQUIRMS
XJockzq TRADE MARK * —THE UNDERWEAR OF FAMOUS PILOTS • For the safety of their passengers, Amencon Airlines pilota dare not squirm at the controls. That's why they wear Jockey Underwear. Men, you too, can enjoy this new masculine comfort. Mild support. Fits the male figure everywhere. No buttons, no bulk, no bmd — hence no squirms. Smart, sleek styling and the convenient Y-Front opening. Will not gap or sag. Jockey Underwear is available in various fabrics and models — both uppers and lowers. Try these famous garments made— By
PER
GARMENT
SOi
LOEB & M C NE CO/WPANV
Notices
p I (1 After 8 p.]
7 30 p m Thuisday, March 10, with the Glider Club —MORGAN
Riflerv. Correction—Meeting for team candidates will be held Sunday, Maich 13, 'll 0 a m at rifle range in the Fioldhouse —HOLMES
English Condition Examinations: In all courses of English and Speech will be held Saturday, March 12, 1 p. m , in Education Building, room 201 —CREEK.
ME 62, Condition Examinations: An examination will be held on Saturday, April 9, from 1 to 4 p m in room 308 This is the last oppoitunity for removing conditions in ME 02 received prior to the 1937-1938 school year. Students planning to take this examination should see me before April 6th —BINDER
PM 16 Conditions: Examinations for removal of incompletes and conditions in descriptive geometry will be held Saturday, March 12, at 1 p m , in room 308 of the CE Building Airangements must be made with me prior to March 12 —BORSCH
Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council: Important meeting Wednesday, March 9, in room C of the Union Building at 4 p m —JARETT
CE 6 Conditions Examination for removal of conditions in CE 6 will be held in room 201 of the CE Building Satuiday, March 19 Permits may be obtained in room 102 of the CE Building —LOMMEL
ASME: All members interested in presenting a paper at the student meeting Wednesday, March 9, call W B. Wolverton, 71332 —CLUTTER
SAE: Impoitant smoker meeting Wednesday, March 9, in the reception room of the Union at 4 00 p m. —VANDERPORD
Mechanical Engineers ME students who intend to join the ASME must do so before Tuesday March 16 No applications will be accepted after this date Apply at Prof G A Young s office for applications —CLUTTER
P. M. 11 and 12 Make-ups: Examinations for removal of conditions and incompletes in P M 11 and P. M 12 will be given in room 201, Michael Golden Shops, at 4 p m , March 16, 1938. —RISING.
Chemistry 1 and 2. Condition examinations will be given Saturday, March 12, 1-4 p m , room 101, Education Building Make application at room 210, Chemistry Building, before March 12. —MARTIN, ALLEN
Intramural Bowling: Tournament Thursday night, March 10, at 7 p m Ward 2 vs Pedalion , 8 .30 p m . Kappa Alpha Theta vs. Pi Phi (3-10) —GEORGE WAA Tumbling: Important practice on Wednesday, Maich 9, at 9 p m Will everyone please be there —COOK
YWCA Cabinet Members: Meet at 4 p m. Wednesday, March 9, in the YWCA office. —BRYANT.
WAA Basketball: WRH South-Phi Mu game called off (3-9) —MORRIS
WAA Basketball: Schedule for Wednesday, March 9, 4 p m • Ward 2 vs Wards 3 and 4 , 4 30 p m WRH North vs Pi Phi. —MORRIS
Varsity Swimmers: Meeting of all varsity swimmers in loom 201 of the Fieldhouse Wednesday, March 9, at 4 p m Important —LaBREE Kiddy Karnival Practice Practice for the following, Wednesday, March 9, at 4 p m , in Miss Schwen’s office Gaby Rose, Jane Cook Pauline Geoige, Joy Johnson, Althea Jorgeson, Jackie Nicholson, Marge Moore, Barbara Rodeiick Joann Geer, Marjorie Seibert, Nancy Phillips Jane Fishleigh, Barbaia Cook Jean Halmond —SCHWEN
Gilder Club: All members desiring to remain active must make arrangements for paying dues by Thursday, March 10. See Moore or Crosby immediately. —CROSBY.
Camera Club: Will all persons having lockers inside the club’s darkroom please register them with the darkroom committee at tonight’s meeting, or before 6:00 p. m. Friday, March 11 —KOEHLER.
WAA Fencing. Practice on Wednesday, March 9, at 4 p m, in Women’s Gym Match play starts Monday, March 14 —DANIEL
C. E 41—Hydraulics: An examination for the removal of C grades will be held on Saturday, March 12 from 1 00 to 4:00 p. m. m room 201 of the CE Building. Students intending to take the examination should report to the undersigned not later than March 9 —GREVE
E-2 Basketball: Court 2 has been reserved from 4 to 6 Wednesday, March 9 Second game Thursday, March 10 —DEWITT
Catholic Students- "The Retreat,’’ under the guidance of the two deans from Loyola University, will be held this Saturday and Sunday, Mardh 12 and 13 The first instruction will begip at 1 30 p m on Saturday. —VON HARZ
Silver Mask: Meeting in room D of the Union Wednesday, March 9, at 7 30 p m Pledges and actives be present —MATTHEWS
Purdue Union of Jew-ish Youth: Steering committee meeting at 4 p m Wednesday, Maich 9, in Union —HONOROFF.
WAA Volleyball: Class championship games will be played Wednesday, March 9. All class teams report at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym The following girls report: Seniors • Patterson, Campbell, Jackson, Delaplane, Doyle, McKinsey, Bestwort, and Ilgenfritz Juniors: Bailey, Blank, Vandivler, Knollman, Maiei, Christerson, Sands, Campbell, Shaffer, Dobson, Merritt, and Silver. Sophomore. Hoover, Beck, Sexton, Johnson, B. Spears, Crankshaw, Roderick, Baebig, Clymer, Mounce, Phillips, and B. Cook. Freshmen • Spry, B. Smith, Butz, Stickler, B. Ketchem, Keltner, Gregor, Schlitter, McMath, Swift Gustafson, Home, and Thomas. —RODERICK.
PSA: Dr Walerstem will speak Wednesday, March 9, in the reception room of the Union at 8 00 p m Members are urged to attend —DUNSHEE
Battery S-4 Basketball practice at 4 30 p m Wednesday March 9, on court 3 —HOUSE
Thomas Say Entomological Society; Regular monthly meeting Thursday Maich 10 at 7 30 p m in room 103 of Agriculture Hall —FAVINGER
Newman Club • Meeting of the discussion group Tuesday, March 16, at 7 00 p m in room A of Union —McCONAHAY
PIA Tea Dance- Stag line foi Saturday, March 12 is not yet filled Call at PIA office in person between 4 and 6 30 any afternoon All young ladies aie invited to come unescorted without signing up —PARKHURST
Green Potters: Decoration committee will meet in loom 1 of the Union at 4 00 p m on Thuisday, March 10 —ELLEY
WAA Badminton: Last chance to sign up for tournament is Wednesday, March 9 Tournament will start Friday, March 11 —CAMPBELL
Men’s Glee Club Will not rehearse on Wednesday, Maich 9 —PHILLIPS
Poultry Club Meeting Wednesday, March 9, at 7 15 p m in the Poultry Building —JONES
Glider Club: Work session in the Mechanical Engineeimg Building attic at 2 p m Wednesday, March 9 —BUELL.
Glider Club: Short business meeting in loom A of the Union Building at 7 :00 p m Thursday, March 10 All members who expect to be active this semester must attend this meeting or contact one of the officers —MOORE
Flying Club- Will members of the dance committee, Bailey, Blain, Manlove, and Malik, please meet in room A of the Union at
CLASS FOR LADIES IN BALLET DANCING and Health-Giving Exercises THUR., MAR. 10, 6:30 p.m. Tap class for little boys and girls under school age opens Thursday, March 10, 1:30 p. m. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6tls & Ferrj
tke (Sotiiiion lovely corsages
QlahL Qo,
527 Main Street
Phone 5432
WANTED — Ride to Elkhart, South Bend or vicinity, March 11 or 12 Call McDonald, 4238
hesterueld
..you’llfindMOm PLEASURE in Chestefields mil^r better taste
... getting and giving more pleasure Rhapsody in Blue”—it’s Chesterfield Time—light up and enjoy that refreshing mildness, that Chesterfield better taste that smokers like. Chesterfields have the best ingredients a cigarette can have —mild ripe tobaccos, homegrown and aromatic Turkish, and pure cigarette paper. They Satisfy... millions.
Copyright 1938, Liggbtt & Myers Tobacco Co.