erite IPuriiuE TSxpanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAPAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1936
NUMBEE m
Union Offers Free Musical Performance ‘Black And Tan Fantasy’ To Be Thanksgiving Day Feature By E. H. Kellogg Free! “Black And Tan Fantasy,” will be presented in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building tomorrow night at 8 o’clock. Featuring a dancing chorus of entrancing beauties, under the supervision of Betty Ann Florer, plus a host of others will pack the two hour pro-
gram.
Specialties Included in the specialty acts will be the dashing Sexton sisters, while Betty Jo and Rufina will display tap-dancing in its highest form. Mary Ellen Foresman, Jean Beemer, and Ed Gross will sing a few songs as a southern trio. Gounteractant To offset this bevy of beauties a male singing chorus consisting of Clyde Stewart, George Odell, Bill Yeoman, Charles Couch, Lee Blaker, Ben Burns, Bob Heine, and the versatile Johnny Brubaker will attempt to inject a bit of masculinity into the show. Ruth Grimm and that “elusive bachelor” Hugh Morris will carry on as “The Tweets” without the assistance of Fritizi Walkey. Accompanists Johnny Ammerman and his band will supply the music for the show and Russell Mock will play the accompaniment for the trio. The costumes have been arranged by Jeanne Perkins and Ward Stallings has charge of production.
EE Honorary Initiates 14 The regular fall initiation banquet of Eta Kappa Nu, the national electrical engineering honorary was held in the reception roo:^ of the Memorial Union Building recently, A. formal initiation preceded the banquet at which the following men were inducted into membership: Seniors, J. W. Batchelor, Indianapolis; R. W. Beaudway, Chicago, 111.; S. T. Brewer, West Lafayette; L. W. Buchanan, Covington, Ohio; C. F. Hall, Swanton, Ohio; E. L. Keller, Georgetown; L. F. Lischer, Michigan City; H. W. McKee, Indianapolis; C. D. Sloan, Brownsburg; W. L. Wearly, Warren; and W. W. Winter, Chicago, 111. Juniors: R. H. Schlundt, Evansville; H. F. Wells, St. Louis, Mo.; and W. H. Wood,
Chicago, 111.
Southworth Cup Now On Display A silver loving cup, which will be awarded by the Purdue Independent Association to the winner of the Southworth Script Trophy Contest, is now on display in the window of the Southworth Book Store. The cup will remain there until next Saturday when it will be placed in its permanent spot in the Union Browsing Room. ^ This trophy will be awarded to the student most proficient in play or skit writing. A number of students have already entered the contest, and are now working on their plays. The registration period for the contest closes December 12. De tails of the contest may be obtained at the P. I. A. office in the Union
building.
Artificial Light Aids Plant Growth Phenomenal growth, early maturity, and luxuriant blooms are possible with the use of artificial light on flowers and vegetables, according to a report recently released by the department of agriculture. Along with scientists from the Smithsonian Institute and the department of agriculture. Professor Robert B. Withrow of the horticulture department has made substantial contributions in the field of research in plant forcing under tiie lights. Vari-colored lights of different degrees of brilliance are found to affect plants in different ways; some hasten maturity, others will strengthen the stems, and still others stimulated seed production, As yet, the use of artificial lights on plants is only in the experimental stage, although it has been found practical in some greenhouses. The cost is prohibitive to its use in open fields.
Fritzy Walkey Will Undergo Operation Fritzy Walkey, member of Kap pa Alpha Theta sorority, and popular campus singing star with Johnny Ammerman’s orchestra, will undergo an appendicitis operation at the Home hospital shortly after o’clock this morning. Miss Walkey was to have been in'the forthcoming Union Thanks giving Show, but the appendicitis operation will necessitate changing the act. Dr. A. B. Coyner, Lafayette physician, is in charge of the case.
Debate Team Meets First Competition Negative Squad, St. Viators College In NonDecision Contest Last night the University negative forensic team, composed of M. C. Magnussen, Robert Buckles, and Joe Rittenhouse, opposed the St. Viator debaters of Bourbonnais, lU., in a non-decision encounter at 7:30 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Bmlding. The members of the St. Viator team were M. L. Robinson, Martin McLaughin and Harold Bunte. The debate was the first of the season
for both teams.
Following the scheduled speeches, each of which were 10 minutes in length with a 6 minute rebuttal, a general discussion was held. Boith Teams To Travel Next week-end both negative and affirmative University teams will travel to Chicago for a triangular meet with Chicago and Loyola. Eight men will make the trip. During the high school debate conference on the campus December 4, the University will meet Illinois here. With Northwestern on December 10, a Congressional style debate, in which speakers are allowed to interrupt each other, will be held at
the University.
Theta Xi Banishes Pledge Punisl^ent Rencently Theta Xi, upon unanimous approval of the house, adopted the policy of substituting extra house duties and enforced absence from social functions for physical punishment in cases of misconduct, as part of a pledge’s initiation. The custom. Which only a few frater nities have adopted, has been practiced by Sigma Chi for a number of years.
Hass Wm Speak To Forestry Club Dr. H. B. Hass, of the chemistry department, will speak at the Forestry Club meeting tonight at o’clock in the Horticulture Build ing. He will discq^s the use of timber preservatives and the correla tion of wood chemistry and forestry
PENALTY DATES
During the present seinester there are four penalty dates. They are; November 26, 27, 12 o’clock December l8 to 12 o’clock December 19, and January 4. These four days represent the 24 hour periods perceeding and following the Thanksgiving and Christmas vacations. Executive Memorandum: “No excuse will be granted prior to any absence on penalty days. Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake, may file with the President a certified detailed statement explaining the case within seven days following the close of the recess, petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary payment.’’ Penaliy Buie: “Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the 24 hours (not including Saturday afternoon or Sunday) immediately preceedlng or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the cashier an extra fee of .$6 for each 24 hour period or fraction thereof missed.’’ M. L. FISHEB. Dean of Hen.
Stewart, Brewer To Take Eastern Trip R. B. Stewart will attend the Alpha Chi Rho fraternity annual con vention in New York City Friday and Saturday. He will then go to Philadelphia where he will meet Mrs. Stewart and Lieutenant Colonel and Mrs. Carlos Brewer. At Philadelphia they will attend the annual Army-Navy football game over the week-end. On the way home, Mrs. Stewart, who is national president of Delta Phi Delta, will stop to inspect chapters of the organization at Penn State Teachers’ College and Penn State College.
Heimlich Speaks To Sigma Delta Chi Technical journalism affords best opportunities for engineers or agriculturists in the journalistic fields, was the opinion H. H. Heimlich, city editor of the Lafayette JournalCourier, expressed last night at the meeting of Sigma Delta Chi. L. S. Hardin, sophomore member of the Exponent, was awarded the book of the month prize, Alexis Carrell’s “Man, The Unknown.” The presentation was made by W. T. Hunt, editor of the Exponent and chairman of the committee in charge. Heimlich, who was introduced by A. H. Forster, discussed the various fields of journalism as well as actual newspaper work and the opportunities these fields offer college graduates. He emphasized the lowness today of the newspaper wage scale, expressing, however, the hope that it would rise.
Tickets Available For Union Formal The Union Anniversary Cabaret Formal dance will be given this Friday evening in the Memorial Union Building from 9 till 12. Tickets are still available at the desk in the Memorial Union Building, and will be sold until the quota of 190 has been reached. The tickets sell few $2.00. Table reservations can be made any day in the Union office after 4 o’clock. There are many unusual features of this dance. Dancers will sit at tables circling the dance fioor. Favors will be given and punch will be served. Flowers will be presented to the girls. As the big feature of the evening, a fioor show will be given. Bud Bryant will play for the formal affair.
Forty Teams Enter Debate First Round Over Today; 7 In AU Forty teams representing 24 organizations have signed for competition in the Mohlman intra-mural debate. Each team will debate two times in the first roimd, which must
be finished today.
The subject which was chosen by the managers is, “Resolved: That all citizens should receive medical care at public expense.” There will be approximately 7 roimds to the elimination contest, each of which will immediately follow the one preceding. The finals will probably be reached in the lat-
ter part of January.
Lawence IibbettWiU Sing At Convo Toni^t Famous Baritone To Give Third Musical Pro» gram Of Year In Jefferson Gymnasium Tonight Lawrence Tibbett, acclaimeci as the greatest living baritone, will be the artist featured tonight in the third musical convocation of the current school year. The program will begin at 8 o’clock in the Jefferson High School gymnasium and will present Tibbett in several well known vocal selections. University students will be admitted to the concert upon presentation of their convocation tickets. Others may purchase tickets priced at one dollar each at Deac’s, Decker’s, Southworth’s, Jefferson High School, the University cashier, and the desk of the Memorial Union Building. There will be no reserved seats and the tickets are all for general admission. Grade school and high school students may purchase tickets for
26 cents.
Choir Singer Tibbett is one of America’s most famous and best loved figures in the world of music. Not so many years ago he was an obscure choir singer. By dint of perservereance and hard work he obtained a position as a “voice offstage” with the Metropolitan Opera
SPECIAL BLOCK
Students and faculty members holding convocation tickets will have a special block of seats reserved for them until 7:45 p. m. After that the seats will be thrown open to the general public which has been offered tickets for the last few days.
Music Room Displays Big Ten Art Exhibit Oil and water color paintings from each of the Big Ten schools compose an art exhibit now on display in the music room of the Memorial Union Building. Mr. Fitzgerald of the University of Iowa had charge of the selection of the last from the group of Big Ten entries made last spring. Purdue is represented in this excellent exhibit which is well worth seeing.
Wesley Group To Have Foreign Student Party Wesley Foundation will hold their fourth annual party for students from other lands tomorrow at 8 o’clock in the Foundation house. The party will be informal, consisting of a musical program, games, and a pingTpong tournament. Margaret Fantone, social chairman of the Foundation, will be in charge of the party. All foreign students are cordially invited to attend this party on Thanksgiving evening.
Company. A fortunate chance skyrocketed him overnight to a leading position with the organization. Immediately the world recognized his talent. Moving picture offers concert contracts, and operatic roles kept him constantly before the public eye. Today he is recognized as one of the greatest operatic baritones of all time. Democratic Tibbett has always been an exponent of American music. His democratic attitude which condemns those who chose to pronounce his name “Teebay” instead of the yankee “Tibbett” has urged recogni tion of many fine American compositions. To him, all the fol-de-rol about the superiority of the Europ
Tin Yan Jim On, the Hawaiian football player at North Dakota Ag College, who is six feet tall and weighs 190 pounds, claims that his mother is seven feet tall.
WBAA
11:00—^American Institutions, classroom lecture by Prof. Bobert Phillips. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes, from the publicity office. 12:00—^Farm Facts For Farm Folks, Glenn Sample. 12:16—Variety Program presented by Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority. 12:80—Melody Time, Adeline Hayes, soprano. 12:46—^Noon Musicals. 1:00—Meditations, Bev. J. B. Wood, Montmorenci. 1:16—Better Expression, program designed for Arsenal Technical Schools of Indianapolis. 1:80—Vocational Guidance, designed for Arsenal Technical Schools. 1:46—^Markets, Mr. J. B. Hays. 2:00—^Weather Beports. 2:16—Musical Album. 2:80—Songs and Melodies, Tom Stevenson, baritone. 2:46—Story Tim& Miss Mildred Baugh. 8:00—Jefferson High School Program. 8:80—^Afternoon Musical, Harry Guttridge, guitar. 8:46—Your Government
Under The Mirror Book notes Jrom the Browsing Boom
BIRDS OP AMERICA T. Gilbert Pearson, Ed. in Chief Bird study is a hobby which is becoming increasingly popular. And there is no season of the year that does not bring these feathered friends to us and to recognize them and be able to call each one by name is a great pleasure as well as something of an accomplishment. This complete and authoritative book on the birds of North America provides bird lovers with a concise statement of the scientific data regarding every bird, a readable account of its characteristics and its habitat, and simple yet accurate illustrations in color. The artist, Louis Agassez Fuertes was pre-eminent in Anierica as a painter of birds during a period of thirty years from 1897 to his death in 1927., The contributing editors of this work are or were the foremost ornithologists an^ naturalists of America.
Golden Gloves Bouts Open December 9 Varied Weight Divisions; Finals After Christmas Preliminaries in the Purdue Golden Gloves tournament begin on December 9, and Coach Maxwell, sergeant in the military department, urges all those who are interested m entering this tournament to report at the ring in the southwest corner of the Memorial Gymnasium any afternoon at 4 o’clock. The divisions range from 115 pounds up, through the heavyweight division. Some men are already rounding into shape, but there is still time for beginners to get into shape for competition. Two Golden Gloves shows will be held, with the finals of the tournament on the first Wednesday after the Christmas vacation. The two best men in the Purdue tournament will be automatically entered in the semi-finals of the Lafayette Golden Gloves tournament.
Wisconsin Writers Go Professional In Oass Madison, Wis.—(ACP)—Journalism students at the University of Wisconsin go professional before they graduate, especially those enrolled in the feature writing course. With a record of 85 articles sold during the past school year—equivalent to $1,600 in returns—^these writers have eclipsed former “tops” of 50 in one year. In 1929 students received checks of $100 and more, but now checks average $10 to $15.
American Bowling Congress officials say 9,000,000 men and 600,000 women are bowling enthusiasts.
Tonight’s Program
I. Oh Whither Art Boamingr, from “H Pome d’Ora,’’ Marcantonio Cesti; 1 Am A Boamer Bold, from '“Son and Stranger,’’ Felix Mendelssohn. II. By The Sea, Schubert; While Tramping, Hugo Wolf; In The Silent Night, Bachmaninoff; Death, The Commander, Moussorgsky. lU. Mr. Wille, Prelude from Cantata No. 36, Bach-Silotti; Impromptu in K sharp major; Chopin. IV. Gerard’s Monologue, “Nemico della Pht^a”, from “Andrea Chenier,” Umberto Giordano. INTEBMISSION V. Ah, Love But A Day, Mrs. H. H. A. Beach; The Bagpipe Man, Howard McKinney; In Summertime On Bredon, Graham Peel; De Hallelujah Bhythm, Jacques Wolf. VI. The Water Mill, Vaughan Williams; The Fiddler of Dooney, Sidney Homer.
can composers, because they are Europeans, is so much nonsense. He chooses to name music as worthwhile or worthless according to its own merits, rather than according to the prestige or nationality of its composer. Stewart Willie, tonight’s accomp anist and pianist of note, will be heard in a solo selection on tonight’s program. The entire program has been designed to present Tibbett’i voice‘at its best.
Omicron Nu
Omicron Nu recently held an initiation ceremony at 6 p. m, for the following girls; Margaret Carter; Barbara Harrison, Doris Kitchen, Ellen Mann, and Wilma Miller. Following the initiation a dinner was held in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building.
University Of Iowa Opens Night Club With Liquor Taboo With all the atmosphere that any night club could have, the University of Iowa opened the first university operated cabaret in the United States last week-end. However, no liquor in any form was allowed to be sold or permitted in the club, which has been given the name, the “Silver Shadow.” At the opening night, llO.formally clad couples attended. Amid smoke, music, refreshments, and the constant mumble from table to table, the students enjoyed themselves in night club style. The editor of the umversity newspaper, who campaigned through his editorial column, was the main instigator of the idea. Through his efforts and a 1,000 names students* petition, the university officials agreed to change the cafeteria in the Memorial Union Building into a luxuriously decorated night club, providing that liquor in any form
would be taboo.
Although a faculty member will preside over the “Silver Shadow,” and will censor the fioor shows that will appear nightly, faculty supervision will be kept at a minimum. Students will have a part in deciding all things that concern the supervision and censorship of the night
club.
New Dramatic Group Will Present “Elijah Roger Williams’ Players, a newly organized dramatic group, will present “Elijah, The Uncompromising** in the West Side Baptist Church Sunday evening at 7:30 o’clock. The play takes piaffe in Palestine at the time of Hebrew supremacy. Franklin Barrett plays the part of Elijah in the production and Mrs. William Kessel is directing the presentation. The organization invites any one 'to attend free of charge.
Phi Kappa Phi Kappa fraternity azmounces the pledging of J. E. O’Coimor, Fort Wayne.
CAN
The University of Washington reviving an old custom. Recently they had students from University of British Columbist Vancouver B. C., put out the daily student paper, The Washington Daily. Ravrther quaint, what ho!t U>' >,
^—WM—M—WPWiWWBiWP****WP^y*?^^^""v'> ~ Ji I .City
m
If f ^ ili'"
*rHB PURBUE EXPONE^TT
Wednejsday, Novem^lgS^Jjgge
The Editor Says
Hygiene For Freshmen The need for a hygiene course for freshmen has long been apparent, and now it seems that the possibility of having such a course next year is not at all remote. A faculty committee has presented University oflScials with a plan whereby this much needed course could be put into operation next fall. All that is necessary is fiT>al approval by these officials and apportionment of the funds needed. After years of inaction, the situation has now come to the point where definite blame can be placed if the course is disapproved. A good bit of work has gone in to the proposal now under consideration, and it represents the best plan which can be adopted in present circumstances. It is sincerely to be hoped the plan will be accepted, and, from the great sentiment favoring the idea, it is apparent that some action will be taken.
Promotion On Merit Harold R. Sennstrom, editor of the Purdue Independent, made a progressive step toward eliminating politics’ and partiality from elections and promotions in campus activities on Monday when he placed both editorial and business workers on the staff of his paper under “a promotion system based on merit.” Under the new promotion system of the Independent, first work assignments will be made according to the journalistic ability of staff members shown during the first part of this semester. Following assignments will be alloted on basis of preceding capability; i. e., the hardest tasks will be turned over to the workers who have done the best work previously. Sennstrom has obtained individual personnel cards for all students engaged in issuing the Independent, and, with their consent, has recorded the students’ University personnel ratings on the cards. Attendance and work performances of the staff members will be kept on these charts, and a correlation will be reached between each worker’s record on the paper and his personnel rating. Similar merit systems are being practiced at a number of universities over the country, but the plan instituted by the Independent, is the first comprehensive procedure of that sort to be initiated at Purdue. Sennstrom’s plan will perhaps lead to the abolishment of student politics that prevails in several University activities.—^R. P. M.
Be Fair To Both Sides With the ending of a thrilling football season, basketball once more takes the attention of the sport follower. It might bewell to once more emphasize the disgrace brought to the University each hardwood season by the Boilermaker rooters. The courtesy shown the visiting players and the officials becomes Worse each year. A well Imown mid-west sports announcer, after seeing a game here in Lafayette last year, stated that the local fans were the worst sports he had ever seen. If this statement had not bordered so nearly on the truth, it would have made little difference. One of the pet peeves of Purdue fans is to boo a visiting player while he is shooting a free throw. Still again the supporters loudly boo the officials whenever they make a decision against the local five. It is true that-of-ficials make mistakes, but it is also true that they still know much more about the game than the average fan. To avoid confusion at the first games, it might be well to mention an important change in this year’s rules. The fans should keep in mind that substitutes are permitted to talk immediately upon their, entrance into the game. Basketball without enthusiasm is not basketball, but it is not necessary to step outside the limits of fair play. Let’s cooperate with
exponent
Founded in 188S
Entered as second class matter at the post office. Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by maU, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier. 82.60 per year > sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
, EOirOBIAL STAFF iuttor-in-Chief ......W. T. Hunt Managing tchO/m* . ^ — —E- H. Morris Associate Editors K. A. Barnette, J, E. Brock, A. H. Forster, B. P. Manion, 0. L. Sadler Sophomore Assistants.. W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J. K. Clark. L. S. Hardin. A. B. Keller, E. H. EeUogg, K. E. O’Neil. C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. B. Vance.
Sports Editor.
SPOBTS STAFF
Associate Sports Editors....
..L. D. Wood
„.W. H. Fifleld, S. B. Griffiths,
B. F. Obenchain'
BUSINESS STAFF Basilicas Maaaggr.^ B. J. Hulse Mational Advertisiiw Manager...-,.—... — L. H. Brown Local AdverUslng lunager... JD. C. Miller Glrenlation Manager.— J. P. Girard
Editor.
WOMENS STAFF
Aacdeiatc Edito»,..«
AEsortiiiiiig
..Hticn Creech
..—Jeanne JanoniMdi, Itorls McCartney,
EUiabetb Pyke
Barnett
Dwae Eidltor—J. R, Chirk
the cheer leaders in trying to treat the visiting players and the officials as well as we treat our own players.*—D. A. A Chance To Help Others When disaster strikes fear into the hearts of suffering humanity, when local measures are insufficient to cope with the foul blows of nature, then the oppressed turn to an international organization for help. The Red Cross is always ready to serve at the first cry of distress. The annual Red Cross Roll Call is now in progress. It is a call for those who wish to share in the alleviation of human suffering. It is an opportunity for noble hearts to share in a great cause, under competent leadership. The Red Cross is one organization whose members have a right to feel proud of their efforts. They share in the glorious relief work carried on in face of floods, fires, hurricanes, earthquakes, Jblizzards, and other natural catastrophes. Their spirit is the spirit of humanity; and their work is the work of progress. Now is your chance to join the crusade against suffering. When the^ Red Cross representative comes to you, join by all means. It is not compulsory; no one will censure you if you do not join; but then the slacker never experiences the supreme contentment of selfsacrifice for a noble cause.—W. M. A.
Frosh Popularity
Freshmen women seem to have a misconception of the meaning of popularity. Webster defines it as the “quality or state of being popular, esp. of being esteemed by, or in favor with, the people at large; as, the popularity of a law or a statesman.” That definition should stop any girl from feeling sorry for herself, because she isn’t popular. Moving pictures, books, and rush—all lead to the great let-down in the life of a freshman co-ed. Before coming to college, any girl is made to think that classes are the minor part of an education, and that dates, flowers, candy, and telegrams are the major part of it. No doubt every girl has had at least a dozen of those trite lectures about “studies fiirst and then dates,” but she has let them go unheeded. When yellow slips come around, she has a slight change of heart. Every upperclassman woman can cite examples of the most popular girls in her class. She can recount how some of them “flunked out” of school, how others quit, and even how some stuck it out and are on the campus today, although one never hears of them except in reference to their freshman year. Too many freshman girls have been “down in the dumps,” because they haven’t had chances for dates every possible free minute, because they don’t get their name in the Bold and Black, and because no one has offered them a pin as yet. They had better look at these girls who take dates with anybody and everybody—just to be going out. They probably won’t be hearing much about them during their next three years.—J. R. J.
Ho hum, Hum drum, life enters its usual dullness—classes, the Sweet Shop, copy, labs, etc.—Lack-a-day.. Who was the guy what “Oh Yeeaaa’d” continually at the Free Football Show Monday night? ?— he shore knew when to spout dff and when not to . . . there have been many remarks about how pretty BEN MEDLEY looked and acted on the stage—especially when he tried to say something and couldn’t . . . the audience was rather unappreciative of real art—at least they wouldn’t let FRED STALCUP give a vocal audition ... MAL EL WARD is going to send the joke to the Exponent for publication seeing as how he never got to finish it Monday night . . . the only boys that seemed to feel at ease on the stage were also feeling kind-of some other way, too . . . DOWN WITH WOMEN Why should us he-men Be trampled ’neath feet? By some wild-eyed females - Who can’t be discreet? Down with women Down with Nags Down with crocks Down with Hags. OH, THAT UNION SHOW THIS THURSDAY NIGHT LEE GRAVES was sure ready to celebrate the end of the knock-em-down and drag-em-out season— what happened to the other two gals he had dates with—^he took the thoid, an Indiana belle . . . LOOK AT THE QUESTION MARK ON PAGE ONE If IPPOLITO, when he was looking for a date for Saturday night, had only known that MARION WHITE, one of those ? ? ? Chi O’s is that way about him . . . CHARLIE MEADE and TOCHIE WALLACE will ankle up to the altar this afternoon. It’s rice and old shoes for them . . . PARTING SHOT: HODGDON has gotten his pants back from Iowa City ...
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liehty
“De foist thing we gotta do is find out who killed dis pint.”
Three freshmen at Michigan State Normal College subjected themselves to turbulent stomachs in chemistry experiment. One of them ate rock salt, the second swallowed a mixture of sand and salt, and the third digested a small amoimt of potassium chloride.
True Christmas Cheer . , . Help to Moke Others Healthy
The National, Stale and Local Tuberculosle Associations of the United States
All sorts of universities turn out all sorts of university graduates.—George Ade.
Notice—Anyone that feels like he would make a good TARZAN, call MARY WEISBACH. She isn’t satisfied with us normal individuals. English Prof: “Spell ‘Straight’.” JIM JUMP: “S-t-r-a-i-g-h-t.” English Prof: “Correct; what does it mean?” JIM JUMP: “Without ginger ale.”
He argued that he could get over the crossing before the train did. He was almost right. —Robert Quillen.
I like a dash of onion in everything. I don’t practice breath control.—^Marie Dressier.
Recently a man answering to the name of Paul Beerer, was arrested in Philadelphia. He proudly told detectives that he had “chiseled” his way into 1807 movies during the past eight years by pasting together torn halves of discarded tickets. He was held under $1,000 bond.
We are having an uncorking good time.Christopher Morley.
Every living creature is supposed to have some purpose in nature’s plan, but the road hog must have been a zoological error. The chemistry department should hold instruction on the molecular theory at a very crowded mixer. It is a perfect illustration. The more molecules there are and the hotter the music, the more they hit. As for gas, you can always get another couple in if you apply enough pressure. Men are as transparent as cellophane anc are as hard to remove once you get wrappec up in them.—^Nina Wilcox Putnam. “No wonder there’s a lot of knowledge in colleges—^the freshmen always bring a little in and the seniors never take any away.” Abbott Lawrence Lowell, Harvard.
Some people die at thirty, hut are not buried until they are ^0.
Protect Your Home from Tuberculosis BUY CHRISTMAS SEALS
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Govemment. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees, 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular electimifl. .
Last Times Today Lafayette’s First Showii^ A love story that speaks from the deep heart of one glorious woman to the secret hearts of all women!
KATHARINE
I iianiitvi
With ELIZABETH ALLAN DONALD CRISP Doris Dudloy David Hannsrt
ARC LAST TIMES TODAY First Lafayette Showing BIN TIN TIN JB. “Skull and Crown” — aU»— EDMUND LOWE KABEN MOBLEY ‘Thunder In the Night”
MARS LAST TIMES TODAY
A 20ta fo» PIctBr. Thnrsdsy - Friday - Saturday LAWRENCE TIBBETT “Under Your Spell”
BAkiMU ImiRRHiW LAST TIMES TODAY GEORGE RAFT in “Yours for the Asking” — and — MARY BOLAND in “A Son Comes Home”
Thursday - Friday - Saturday BOB ALLEN in “Ranger Courage” — and — JOHN HOWARD “Easy to Take”
THE STUDENT CAFE
RECENTLY REMODELED
NOW SERVING
Chop §ney*aa€how Mein < Fresh Lobsters, Shrimps and Oysters Dellcioos Chinese Dessert With Every Otwr to Take Uone Also Chinese Tea for Sale EXPEBIBNCED CHINBSE COOK Delivery Scrvlco . . . OpentJ Hours 11:00 A. U.-I8188 P. H. 841 State St. phono 2si< West bafayette
LUMA LAST 'HMES TODAY
WOMEN ARE BRAVE..
Thnrsday - Friday - Saturday EDMUND LOWE “MAD HOLIDAY” —■and — JAMBS DUNN “Come Closer, Folks”si’'';
aMte
tHU j^tJkBUB EX^^ONEHT
Mm
1 ''Va„ .i'r ' >5
I'^MwIlhfwi
/5ff|
a
bigs io
Play SkuUmen
ltiti*aiiiiiral Touchball Qukrter-^Fini^ Schedtded Today
Kappa Sigma is scheduled to play Phi Kappa Sigma in the quai^teriinals of the intramural touchball tournament today. The winner of this game, which was to have been played yesterday, but was postponed because of inclement weather, will play the Phi Tau’s, who won their quarter final match. This contest will decide who is to play the Phi Kappa Psi’s in the final match of the tournament.
Last year the finals was between the Phi Tau’s and the,Phi Delta Theta’s. The Phi Tau’s finally won 6-0, after the first game ended in a tie, and the second game had been protested.
3 Kizermen Placed On All-State Eleven
Purdue placed three men on the Indianapolis Star’s all-state team. The other eight places went to Notre Dame and Indiana, each placing four men on the team. Purdue placed five men on the second team, while Notre Dame and Indiana each got three. The team follows:
f
ielder’s.... ....choice
•By l^b Walpole>
FIEST TEAM—O’Neill, Notre Dame. E; Powell, Purdue, E; Livingston, Indiana, T; Schreyer, Purdue, T; Slrtosky, Indiana, G; Lautar, Notre Dame, 6; Miller, Indiana, C; Huffman, Indiana, B.F; Wilke, Notre Dame, B, F; Danbom, Notre Dame, B. F; Cecil Isbell, Purdue, B. F. SECOND TEAM—^Zachary, Purdue, E; Kenderdine, Indiana, E; Steinkemper, Notre Dame, T; Woltman', Purdue, T; Dileo, Indiana, 6; Burmeister, Purdue, G; Mundee, Notre Dame, C; Pupils, Notre Dame, Br F; Drake, Purdue, B. F; Stalcup, Purdue, B. F; Eads, Indiana, B. F.
TOUCflBALL
—TODAY—
Winner (Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Kappa Sig-
ma) vs. Phi Kappa Tau, Official,
Kerber, Gaulke.
1 SQUASH
—TODAY— 8:00—Delta Tau Delta. 4:00—^Beta Theta Pi. 6:00—Pi Kappa Alpha. 7:00—Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 8:00—^Kappa Delta Rho.
«DEAC” " HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION
H. 6. REISNER
The Boilermaker football squad made a wise selection in their choice for the two highest honors a team can grant two individuals . . . congratulations to both John Drake and Martin Schreyer ... —fc*:— Doesn’t seem natural to see a wide open practice field after so many weeks of concentrated activity . . . before we forget it, let us mention a bit about the two senior football managers who made it possible to have the mechanics of the organization run so smoothly . . . —^fc— The average person doesn’t realize just what responsibility these managers have it is their job to see that the uniforms are in order, the field equipment in its proper place, and in short, everything where it can be found at a minute’s notice ... A ^fC Bill Hodgdon and Freddy Maish deserve a lot of credit, and we’ll bet that they find a lot of vacant time now that there is a lull in this major sport activity.. . —^fc— One of Purdue’s most counted on sophomore netmen, Sammy Lyboult, a Gimbel prize winner from Richmond, underwent an operation yes terday for an ailment similar to water on the knee ... he expects to be back in shape shortly after the first of the season, however .. good luck, Sammy . . .
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MA CHINES» bought, sold, rented and repnired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Moore’s Colonial Market—^220 N. Fifth street, hftve a large display of antique furniture, old china, and brass. Reasonable prices. '
Lost—Brown leather billfold. Reward. Call 35201. D. Carson.
Lost—Wrist watch, between the Armory and Pharmacy Building, 10 a. m., Tuesday, November 23. Call E. Hartman, 6764. Reward.
Lost—Square, white gold, Gruen wristwatch. Five dollar reward. Please call 2082.
Wanted—Male student room, preferable with light housekeeping facilities; also need garage, must be near Ag. Exp. Station. Possession Friday or Saturday. Reply” Box 60 Exponent.
On the skilful check of the mi nutest details hangs life and death ... Protect agcdnst Tuberculosis by checking your health.
The National, State and Local Tuberculosis Associations of tne United States
Illustrated is just one of the many newly arrived models for fall in men’s overcoats. The collection is complete—so complete in fact, it beggars description — but you’ll find those swank plaids and other smart fabrics and designs in those semi-town ulsters you read so mueh about. The coat you pick will be an ultrasmart value.
Single and Double Breasted
Others $18.50 to $29.50
Baltimore Clothes Shop
Lost—^Pair black leather, fleecelined mittens. Please call Stradling, 76913. Reward.
NOTICES
No notices accented after S p. m.
Y. W. C. A.—Open meeting in form of worship service for Thanksgiving at 4 o’clock, November 25, in tacul^ lounge of Memorial Union Building. —SCHAEFFER.
WjUfler fjeandalfett^ fletiie-^fi^n ^
Purdue oophottiore Chln^ otudeiitn s|)eak on Buddhism. Everrbody is wel-
come.
—HeBACHRON
Mechanicele-Hjoin the A. S. BL E. in G.
A. Young’s office before Deoembw 1, to put^Fanlue first in the publication of all
members* Journal.’*
names in the becmnber *10. E.
-WELDY.
Co-ed Hockey—Seniors play the soph omores November 26, at 4 p. m., to decide the championship. —HALS’TEAD
English 61 Students—Last chance to get stage hours November 80, at 4 p. m. Playdiop Stage Crew—Vacation until November SO, at 4 p. m., in the sub-base-ment of the Union Building. —GLOVER.
R. O. T. Cv—Examination for the removal of condition grade in Military iSraining 4 will be held on December 10 and 11. Students desiring to take this examination should report to me at the Adjutant’s office, Armory, before 4 p. m., December 8. —HAYFORD.
Playshop Committee Chairmen—^Expenditure r^orts overdue. Please leave in' office November 26, between 4 and 6 p. m. —BUSSELL.
W. A. A. Hiking—Last fall hike Sattmday, November 28. Leave gym at 2:30 p. m. —DOBSON.
W. A. A. Council-Important short meeting November 26 at 6 o’clock. —ARNOLD.
Roger Williams Club—Thanksgiving Picnic Thursday, November 26. Meet at West Lafayette Baptist Church at 8 p. m. TranS' portation furnished to Vawter’s Cottage. —GLEASON.
Men’s Glee Club—No rehearsal November
26.
—COMPTON.
The Purdue Engineei^All staff members who desire a position for next year be at the office November 26, at 4 p. m. —JOIfES.
Newman Club—^Regular meeting November 25, at 4:30 p. m., in Memorial Union. Inquire at desk for room. —CARTON.
_ Alpha Phi Omega Pledges—Get key replicas at Phi Kappa Alpha house as soon as possible. Cost 26 cents. —SCHMUCK.
Mechanicals—Sign up for A. S. M. E. membership in G., A. Young’s office, by December 1, to make Purdue first in student branch roll call to be published in the December “Mechanical Engineering Journal.** —WELDY.
_ P. I. A. Dance Class—All Independents interested in dance class, please sign up immediately in the P, I, A. office. —BUXTON.
Gimlet Pledges—Please pay for paddles immediately at the Phi Kappa Tau house. —HAMILTON.
Union Workers—Following persons report to workroom November 26 at 4 p. m.: B. N. Martin, W. C. White, D. Light, E. L. Klein, R. Jackson, J. D. Longfield, J. O. O’Mally, G. W. Yeoman, Frances Eastbum, Mary A. Craig, Mary Hudson, R. E. Skinner, B. Disterdick, R. A. Hoff, L. Kingsley, J. H. Nicoll, G. C. ’Thompson, Betty Driscoll, Elenor ’Turner, Edith Herman, Jean Whitney, R. E. MoWhirter, Helen Muterspaugh, W. K. Millholl, R. L. Mansfield, H. Brenman, B. I. Fielding, J. R. Keck, R. M. McGhee, J, Quinn, Martha Reed, Carolyn Barker, Fay O’B^non, Gertrude Smidt, Lucile Dobson/Flossie Sequartz, Mary J. George, D. F. Muller, T. D. Cabonargi, R. S. Schreiber, R. D. McGreery, A. R. Fowler, T. Garland, J. A. Kirlin, D. S. Mortinson, J. M. RudMph, Martha Wood, Peggy Timberlake, Marion Groves, Rubydell Wilson, L. E Bush, J. P. Katz, Ed Thomas, Saxon Shewalter. PUTZE, REID. CLAYPdLE, FITTE Union Workers—^My committee will meet in workshop November 25 at 4 p. m. ——SHEETS. Union Workers—^My committed please report to Bob Reid in workroom 4 at 4 p. m. November 25. —McLEOD.
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
Here are the Tools
Here are the Barbers
• JOB KNOTT—1st Chair. • CHARLES ORMAN—2nd Chair. • M. E. PICKERING—3rd Chair. • ROBERT MINNICK—4th Chair. • JOE W. CLARK—6th Chair.
7
A good haircut is an asset to anyone. The distinguished appearing man is usually the man that has a fine haircut and a good shave.
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE
P urdue IVlemorial U nion
Comer of the Campus—Center of Activities
Ute Itkk Benfal aiiik
DR. VAVh A. RffR DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. RODRRY «L RMK DR. LUTHER A RISE
400 Schultz Bldg; Phone 5701
OHier FthtUng iDiir KANE’S msiNr Bnm m8.mh
“Go ofty Penelopey ask him if he can spare a couple of those TWENTY GRANDS!”
CopT. 1936 *^6 Axton-Fioher Tobacco Co.» Inc.
Flos local tax In taxatatt
WE CERTIFY that we have inspected the Turkish and Domestic Tobaccos blended in TWENTY GRAND cigarettes and find them as fine in smoking quality as those^ used in cigarettes costing as much as 50% more. '^(Signed) Seil, Putt & Rushy Inc. AnalyticalLdboratorita (Jn collaboration with tobacco e^crt) ALSO OBTAINABLE IN PLAT FIFTIES
Don’t
Lei your car
Worry
you
Never a worry, never a fear if Peter Anderson Co. takes care of your car. Expert motor and body repairs—^accessories—^and quick tow service.
Peter Anderson
Go.
S2f Akbmna ^b(me4WS'dtir
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wedne8dlty» Novomber 25,1986
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiliiliiiiiiiiliPiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiliiiliiiiiiiiiiiiiii
CO-ED AGE...
Page Editors—Nota Misner, Dorothea Justin
Hartom Will
Play For ‘Half Way Meet’
WAA Sponsors Second Co-ed Bid Dance On December 4
Dick Hartom and his orchestra from the University of Illinois, will play at the second big co-ed bid dance this year on December 4, in the Memorial Union Building. This dance is being sponsored by W. A. A. and is called a “Half-Way Meet.” This title is to convey the idea that the co-eds ask the dates and purchase the tickets, and leave the rest to the date asked. If the idea is carried out completely, neither one of a couple will call for the other, but will meet somewhere between their two respective residences. At 11 o’clock, a drawing will be held for awarding door prizes, one to a girl and one to a fellow. Tickets, in charge of Edna Schwab and Martha Smith and priced at $1.00, have been placed on sale at all sorority houses, P. I. A. office. Union desk. Women’s Residence Hall, and all co-ed resident houses.
Dr. Neville McLellan, one of the four dentists from Australia who traveled 10,000 miles to take postgraduate work in the University of Minnesota’s college of dentistry, says that the average price for a tooth extraction in his home land is twenty cents.
SOCIAL BRIEFS
Thanksgiving Day will mark the reunion for the alumni of Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity with their formal dinner. A dance will be held in their honor Thursday night.
Thirty members of Beta Theta Pi fraternity will represent the local chapter at the state banquet in Indianapolis on Thursday.
WAA Awards
17 Numerals
For Hockey
Betty Arnold Makes Presentations At Sports Spread
Betty Arnold, president of W. A. A., awarded the numerals at the Sports Spread held last night, from 5 to 7 o’clock at the W. A. A. cabin. Numerals for hockey were given to the following freshmen Eleanor Beall, Babe Bratich, Barbara Cook, Josephine Cook, Reba Harwood, Marjorie Hoover, Charlotte Lockner, Margaret Mathes, Janette, Morris, Katherine Mounce, and Isabell Weishaar. Sophomores, who received hockey numerals, were Joyce Davidson, Gladys Knollman, Jane Hall, and Maud Wilson. Eleanor Ilgenfritz and Margaret Jenkins are the juniors who received numerals.
Shown By Co-ed Yellow Slip Survey Effect Of Employment On Scholarship
What effect working for part of^ her board or tuition has on a co-ed’s scholastic average is partially shown by yellow slip ratings, which are compiled in the office of the dean of women. There are 117 University women doing NYA work, and 63 women doing other part time work. This includes jobs such as caring for children, clerking in stores and in offices on the campus, and working in local homes. Fourteen girls are combining NYA and other work. Time spent on outside work varies from one girl working 3% hours a week to another who is working 38 hours in a combination of the two kinds of available jobs. The average time spent on these positions is nearly 20 hours a week. ■ Eighteen of the girls on the NYA work are living in co-operative houses and are doing their own housework; two, who do other work, are also doing their own housekeeping, and one co-ed is doing NYA clerking, outside work, and her own living in a co-operative house. The question raised by Dean Dorothy Stratton and Miss Clare Coolidge concerned the academic average of working co-eds and the extent to which the outside work affected their campus life, as compared to women who were not working. While 28.3 per cent of all undergraduate women received yellow slip warnings, only 24.7 per cent of the girls working on NYA got them. However, the fact that 30.6 per cent of those engaged in work other than NYA received yellow
slips, signified that this type of work was more difficult or time demanding. Women doing combinations of both work apparently are especially hard working or talented, because only 21.4 per cent polled warnings in their courses. The large majority of these coeds are carrying full academic programs (16 2/3 to 19 2/3 semester hours), and ten of the total number of part time, working girls have mohe than 20 credit hours scheduled. Aside from the class and outside work, some of the co-eds have managed to work in extra-curricular activities. Scrivener Club, W. A. A., Union, Girls’ Glee Club, Debate, and Foundation each represented by one girl and W. S. G. A. and P. I. A. have four and three respectively, all of whom are well known on the campus.
Fifty Attend YWCA Fireside Meeting
Fifty girls attended the Y. W. C. A. fireside meeting held yesterday afternoon in the women’s lonnge of the Memorial Union Building. The program consisted of a piano selection by Kathryn Merritt, and a violin solo by Eva Robertson. Following this there was group singing. Sara Alice McIntosh, program chairman, was in charge of the meeting.
YWCA Holds Special Worship Service Today
Thanksgiving will be the thefiie of the Y. W. C. A. worship service to be held this afternoon, November 25, at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge. A special program has been arranged by Mary Schafer, chairman bf the worship committee. /
WAA Winter Sports To Begin December 1
W. A. A. will hold a mass meeting for all members on Tuesday, December 1, at 4 o’clock, in the Women’s Gym. The purpose of the meeting will be to introduce the winter sports and the chairman of each sport. Demonstrations of deck tennis, ping pong, and shuffle board will be held.
Baby Bottle 3100 Years Old Unearthed At Athens
Princeton, N. J.—(AGP)—^Here’s another bit of evidence to gladden the heart of believers of the “nothing’s new” school of thought: a baby’s nursing bottle, in the style of 1200 B. C., was unearthed from an ancient grave of an infant at Athens, Greece. Professor T. Leslie Shear, of Princeton University, field director of the American School of Classical Studies, stated that the bottle bore little resemblance to the streamlined glass-and-rubber bottles that modern infants handle so carelessly. The 3,000-year-old bottle was nothing but a little pottery pitcher with handle and spout and a nipple on the side. Evidently an attendant was needed to keep it right side up and to support the weight of it.
FIRST CHURCH OF CHRIST, SCIENTIST of Lafayette, Indiana
ANNOUNCES
A FREE LECTURE
On Christian Science BY JOHN ELLIS SEDMAN, C.S.B. Los Angeles, California
Member of the Board of Lectureship of the Mother Church The First Church of Christ, Scientist, in Boston, Mass.
ELIZA FOWLER HALL, PURDUE UNIVERSITY WEST LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
Sunday, November 29, at 3:00 o'clock
THE PUBLIC IS CORDIALLY INVITED TO ATTEND
A.
merica’s
AlIl-StarEle
even
60 yard dashes.., passes and punts. •. touchdowns . . . performance! That’s how America picks ’em. By wire and air-mail, fans rush to the football experts the tip..,"Here^s another sure-fire All-American,
And when you pick the all-star cigarette eleven, it’s performance again —ifs what a cigarette does that counts
T-H-E-Y S-A-T-I-S-F-Y
Eleven letters that spell all the good things a cigarette can give... mildness ... a pleasing taste and aroma ... a blend of mild ripe home-grown and Turkish tobaccos rolled in pure cigarette paper —the essentials of a
1936, Liggett & Mysis Tobacco C0«