' j ''y
% f , ^ It
f ^ ?^r/'r f ?* *» ■5^^w6»*iiM^X»t j*4
l^Jl %^»K
, ♦'^ 5^/ ’Jf-r"? ■^*< 3i/ f%^‘4‘J7!t»vis
Urdu f Afivudm^cf m /B81l^
/>
- ^ ^ i ^ ‘ -4
.4
J0«f//y Srstc^ i^08
Yolume 52, No. 105
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, February S, 1^1
Irish Stay Out Of this Ftght, Willkie tfears By William H. Stoneman SPECaAI, BAPIO rPo The Ohioago Dailjr News Etorejen Service. Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc. London, Feb. 4—An overworked 4ind extremely weary Wendell Wiil,kie paid a flying visit to Dublin this morning to hear an insistent Eamon de Valera explain why Eire was still on the side lines in the 3>resent w|ir,» Willl^e %}vj;q Dublin from Manehester^ 4an<9ied -with De Valera, and by'“latk ^ternon was back in London. He was to leave tonight for Lisbon on the first stage of his jretum journey to the United States. Alarmed by President Roofeewelt’s recent speeches and the danger that growing understanding between Great Britain and the United States might leave him standing out in the blizzard# De Talera Had worked overtime to persuade Willkie to come Inhere to get his point of View. Willkie, who had already decided not to go to Dublin, finally decided last night that he had better go after all. ‘Eire’s Neutrality Stressed’ Although Willkie gave no details af the conversation, it is certain that Pe Valera stressed the deiermin^tijiin 'i bf Eire to remain neutral, its determination not to allow the British to use west coast naval bases, and its desire—despite the handieap under which this places British convoy vessels—^to receive provisions and arms from 4he United States. If he was in a commimicative mood, he may also have told Willkie how much he was hurt by the President’s recent remarks. Ready-Mix Concrete Operators, Managers Open 2-Day Course Opening with a series of demonstrations concerning the design and control of concrete mixers under the direction of Prof. R. B. Crepps of the School of Civil Engineering, a two-day short course for operators and managers of ready-mixed concrete will begin today on the campus. Following this discussion, two representatives of the Indiana State Highway Department, S. W. Benham" of the bureau of tests, and R. F. Berns, assistant construction engineer of the LaPorte district, will take up the inspection of readymixed concrete for highways. In the evening Prof. Charles Murphy of the economics, government and history department will be the principal speaker at an informal dinner. e.w*n.
Stock, Chicago Symphony Orchestra Win Acclaim Of 5,000 In Music Hall
The Chicago Symphony Orchestra
The Chicago Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Dr. Frederick Stock, which played last night in the Hall of Music. This is fiftieth season of the orchestra and the fortyfifth that Dr. Stock has been with the orchestra first as viola player, then as assistant conductor and now as conductor.
Mary Blake Speaks To Sorority Pledges Today In Fowler Hall This afterhoon at 4 o’clock all sorority pledges will meet in Fowler Hall to hear Mary Blake, national secretary of Delta Delta DeltU sorority, discuss the history of sororities and the relationship of a girl to her sorority after graduation. As a continuation of the series of three lectures involved with the Fraternity Education Week, replacing the so-called “courtesy” week on campus, which are being sponsored by the Women’s PanHellenic Council, Dean Alice Lloyd of the University of Michigan will speak tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock in Fowler Hall. Although Dean Lloyi^s address is primarily for actives and pledges of campus sororities, other campus organizations are invited. These include all activity and residential 'groups. Following the address, a reception will be held at 9 o’clock in Wood Hall, m.1.1. Hoof And Horn Plans
All Fronts-^ Today's Summary Of War News
Vo Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Sopyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News. Inc Wendell Willkie flew to Dublin yesterday for a conference with Premier De Valera. Willkie said it was rtot his purpose to influence the head of the Eire government, but to gain his views at first hand.
London credits Marshal Petain with having “refused German demands for the cession of the naval base of Bizerta and for the transportation of German troops to Tunisia,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick.
“Petain will bow to most of Laval’s demands,” radios Paul Ghali. “That is the expectation in Vichy today.” One stipulation is that a new triumvirate, headed by Laval, be created.
Home Etonomics Club Knighting Of Sir Loin
“Comments in the closely oontrolled German press have followed the general line that the Fuehrer has given to France a generous opportunity to find its place in the ‘new Europe,’ ” radifos David M. Nichol. “It is often stressed that the time in which France may do this is rapidly lessening.”
Fashion Show Fealures Ameritan Designed Styles The Virginia C. Meredith Club will sponsor a style show this afternoon in the University Home Economics Auditorium. The style show will be conducted by Mrs. Nova E. Eisner of the Cotton and Textiles Institute, New York. Preceding the fashion display, Mrs. Eisner will give a short talk On “Cotton and Fasbions.” The colleOtion of costumes bhmber approximately BO and range In desi^ ihrom fofniillB to street #ear hnd sports olothes. They represent an array of the latest spring fashions and have been designed b|y Hollywood and Neat York designers. The models will be University Oo-eds. The Cotton and Textil(B» Institute has Sent e:^ibi1^ of this kind all otth’ ^e country in order to foster interest In their products. All «to« dents and to^poople are invited to attend. ind.l. ^
The “Knighting of Sir Loin,” a pageant re-enacting the famous legend of King Charles H in which the monarch knighted the loin of beef, will be staged by members of the Hoof and Horn Club in the Union at 6 o’clock Tuesday, February 18. Plans are being laid and characters chosen for this colorful event which dates back to the seventeenth century when the British monarch decided that the “loin of beef” should be placed among the other delicacies that satisfied the fancies of the nobility. All animal husbandry students, including winter-courSe studepts and animal husbandry staff members, will be eligible to attend, d.e.b. WBAA Auditions ... for dramatic talent to be used in the program, “Radio Stage,” will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clodc in the station’s main studios located in basement of the Hall of Music.
“Benito Mussolini today'Ohook up the political bosses that rule Rome,” radios John T. Whitaker. Forty-two old-line Fascists replaced as many officeholders, who were permitted to “resign” to join the military forces.
Australian troops advanced toward their goal of Bengasi today, their way made easier by violent RAF attacks on the Libyan coast as far west as Tripoli. Cairo also reports gains in East Africa.
“Even today I do not think that President Roosevelt himself desires WajP With Japan,^ Foreign Mihlsthr Mat^uoka told his nation’s budget Comi^ttee. Hope had not been abandoned in Tokyo, he said, of Improving relations.
British bombers, in two separate attacks, blasted Brest, in German occupied France, Monday night. Rome reported hits by seven of nine toi^pedos on a heavily escorted British convoy in the Red Rea.
Duce House-Cleans, Fills 42 Party Offices With Preconventers By John T. Whitaker SPECIAL RADIO To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1940 Chicago Daily News, Inc Rome, Peb. 4—Tightening the Fascist party’s hold upon the country at the same time that German co-operation is being increased, Benito Mussolini today shook up the political bosses that rule Rome in a housecleaning which undoubtedly will be extended to other cities. The Duce let 42 big shots resign from party offices to volunteer for service at the front and replaced them with 42 old-guard Fascists, who were “preconvention” Mussolini men. Tightens Discipline The Fascists declare now that British propaganda is attempting to drive a wedge between Fascism and Italy and between the Duce and the Fuehrer. By way of reply, Mussolini is tightening the party discipline. Fascists admit that the reverses in Albania and Libya suggest that further reverses may come in Ethiopia. But Italy, as Germany’s ally, is sure to win the war, say the Fascists, and on this argument they insist that now, as in the past, “Mussolini is always right.” This line is considerably strengthened, of course, by Fascist confidence that the American democracy, like the democracies of Praiice and (Continued on page 2) Union Call-Out For Frosh On Monday Union freshmen will meet next Monday instead of today as previously announced. This change has been made bemuse of the sorority education week meetings. The meeting will be held in Toom 363 across from the Union office in the Union building. Freshmen call-outs have already been held and the assignments to various committees have beep made. Any freshman who wa^ unable to come to the first meeting vrlR have a second chance to sign up at the nieeting Monday. There will be an opportunity for freshmen to become familiar with the work of the Various committees and decide whirii one interests him most. J.r. \
Enthusiastic Audience Hears Five Numbers, Encore At Convocation By John Amos An enthusiastic audience of approximately 5,000 students and townspeople greeted Frederick Stock and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra last night at the regular convocation in the Music Hall. The program started promptly at 7:30 o’clock with the Overture Liebesfruhling of Georg Schuman. This was a short selection that set the mood for the lengthy four movements of the Brahms Symphony No. 2 in D Major that followed. These numbers made up the first half of the program which seemed to be characterized by a ceitain sad, almost morbid, feeling. More Cheerful Mood A much more cheerful mood was evident in the second half of the program following the intermission. Stravinsky’s “Fire-Bird” Suite was the first number in this part of the program and consisted of five parts which followed each other without interruption. They were “The PireBird and Her Dance,” “Dance of the Princesses,” “Infernal Dance of Kastchei,” “Berceuse,” and the “Finale.” This was followed by a brief selection by Paganini; “Moto Perpetuo,” played principally by the stringed instruments with the whole orchestra accompanying. “Finlandia” A Hit The final scheduled number which was the greatest success as far as the audience was concerned was the tone poem, “Finlandia” by Jean Sibelius. As an encore Dr. Stock conducted the orchestra in Johann Strauss’ well liked “Emperor Waltz.” Undoubtedly the performance of the orchestra was superb, the coordination between sections noticeably perfect and the experience one that will not soon be forgotten, but, unfortunately for a great many people, it was spoiled partially by the few people who still feel that a convocation is a place to chatter. Canners, Fieldmen Will Gather Tonight For Annual Banquet Indiana and national canners of food products and their fieldmen will gather tonight at 6 o’clock, as the conclusion to their second day of conference on campus, in the north ballroom of the Union for their annual banquet. The banquet will high-light today's session for growers of canning crops which are expected to swell attendance from the several hundred canners on campus yesterday to one thousand persons today. Included in today’s program are the “trial” of the case of direct seeding vs. tomato plants, a discussion by 12 experts of the 1941 contributions to a better Hoosier tomato season, a special discussion for com and pea growers beginning at 10 o’clodc riiis morning and the concluding banquet. Tomato champions of Indiana will be honored at tonight’s banquet.
Exfionenf Staff Hkhto will be a nieeting of all freshmen and sophomores on tbs editorial and co-ed staffs at 4;1S 11^ m. today in the Exponeat office In the Unton.
Sockman To Sunday At Febnary Convo For Worship Speakar Pastor Of Clirist Church In New York Cfty February convocation fiMt worship will convene Sunday morning at 10:30 o’clock in the Hall of Marie to be addressed by Dr. Ralph W. Sockman, pastor of the Christ Church in New York City and prominent author and lecturer. Dr. Laurence Hadley, chairman of the religious convocation committee, announced yesterday. New York Lecture Dr. Sockman will deliver a lecture in New York City Friday, will appear here Sunday morning, and then journey to Chicago where he will be the principal speaker before the Sunday Evening Club of Chicago. As an author, his most recent claim to fame is his “Live For Tomorrow,” which came off the MacMillan press a year ago. After the death of Dr. S. Parks Cadman, considered one of the greatest preachers of his generation, Dr. Sockman became lecturer on the Radio Pulpit program. Dr. Sockman and Dr. Fosdjck speak alternately on Sundays at 9 o’clock. Columbia Graduate Dr. Sockman was graduated from Columbia University and holds degrees of BA, PhD, DD and LLD. He has been pastor of the Christ Church since his 'graduation from Columbia 23 years ago. The 250-voice University Choir, under the direction of A. P. Stemirt, University choral music director, will provide back-ground music for the convo. The convocation wiU be open to townspeople, slumni and friends. v.m.w. Adivities Bureau fleUb Frosh Interviews feday Activities Bureau freshman interviews will be held again today in room 356 of the Union and will fol> low the same procedure as yesterday, except that the offices will be opened at 1 o’clock and will remain open throughout the afternoon, bureau officials in charge announced lost night. The primary purpose of these terviews is to determine the student’s likes and capabilities, and as a result of this understanding guide him into the extra-curricular activities which to him will be the most suitable. The information obtained from these interviews must be delivered to the personnel department before the end of the week, so the sincere cooperation of every feeshman is essential. If students have not yek reported to the women compiling these records, they should do so at the earliest available opportunily. Activities Bureau officUtls said yestmday. f.a.k. Union Holds Tryoub For Next Show This Afternoon Try-outs for 'the second Union, show of the year, entitled “Harem Scarem And ... Or The Suitan As A Lady,” will be held ibis afternoon from 4 to 6 o’clock in tihe East Faculty Lounge of the Union. Students wishing to try out for the production should be reminded that no previous theatrical or murirnd experience on ^ ean^poii it ngMasary. Lyric "ringera and daaceiB villl try-out this aftmttoeiu Stodnnia who are not abla ta tbfa afternoon should contact Wrila at the Beta Thet)t Ft Iwttemity mr in tim Stai^ HaAm office. This productieii ia being sored by the Rada* and XotberaP Day Committee, beaded by Dr. Bcb^ eart Pbillipa of rim aetenee^ 4epattmw^. Tbit it the Union proffimthm in Halt at Music. |f4U Im
Ml
fiijuyM 2^£djiJtA
"VTedneeday, February 5, 1941
fiju/iduiL £xpoitanL
Pnurdae’s % Interesting ^ People
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
- LAST TIMES TODAY — Produced with the Cooperation of the U. S. NAVY
ARC
LAST DAY
SHIRLEY TEMPLE IN
BLUE BIRD
C in rECHN'lCOrOK
— AND —
-ALSO-
-THURS.-FRI.-SAT.~ STAGECOACH WAR |>ELINQUENT PARENTS KING OF ROYAL MOUNTED FIRST RUN NEWS
Game Tickets
Dr Dobm SeisB Return addresses reading Costa Rica, Caechoslovakia, England, Danzig Free State, Australia, Japan, CypcruB, and Hawaii may be found on the letters received by Aliee Ceilings, junior home economies sttident. Six years ago Alice made arrangements through a bureau established for the purpose to correspond with foreign boys and girls. Continuing her correspondence throughout the next few years, she now has a scrapbook containing some hundred letters from other nations. Stamp collectors would find the stamps used on the letters useful additions to their own collections. Pictures Too 'In addition to letters, the correspondents have sent pictures of scenes of their own native lands, photographs of themselves, and interesting what-nots as representatives of their culture and customs. Particularly unusual was the type of stationery used by the Hawaiian writer. It was made of thin parchment paper, and was daintily decorated with small flowers and musical notes. One letter showed the influence of American movies by bearing a design of Shirley Temple. Talk-Trouble These acquaintances by correspondence don’t forget such occasions as Christmas and Valentine’s, but show their remembrance with cards. Linguistic trouble has only been encountered once by Alice, this being in a letter written in Spanish. The correspondents have, how-
Juniors will turn in their passports at the Fieldhouse ticket office today for reserved seats for the Wisconsin - Purdue game. Sophomores turn in their passports tomorrow, and freshmen on Friday. Passports must be stamped for the second semester fees paid and no detached coupons will be accepted. New students without passports must present identification cards which can be obtained from W. A. Bodden’s office in the Administration Building.
Honeywell To Display Collection Of Indian Lore At 7:30 Tonight
Fanner Speaks Sunday In West faculty Lounge
James L. Farmer, outstanding Negro student leader, will speak at the annual Race Relationship program in the West Faculty Lounge at 7:30 Sunday evening, February 9, 1941. His topic will be, “Minorities and Democracy,’’ a theme for which his wide experience in interracial efforts for social justice well fits him. Jim Farmer is from Harvard University, Washington, D. C., and is a member of the executive committee of the National Council of Methodist Youth and chairman of its Devotional Life Committee. He is a graduate student in philosophy under the great Howard Thurman, and has been active in inter-racial and fellowship movements. Farmer will visit Purdue on his way from Chicago, where he is attending a three day session of the NCMY executive Committee. j.r.
ever, mailed newspapers and school papers written in their original tongue. One letter from England written last May bore the censor’s mark. So if you’re in the mood to drop a line and receive in return some interesting letters, just ask Alice. —^yours for more interest—
JhiA, (x^smk, Ontif. Helena Rubinstein’s Famous Apple Blosson Cilogne SOe
with Atomizer $1,00
Aaeli^
Toiletries Street Floor
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Profeisional
• School Suppliai
Risk DGntsI Clinic OR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Sto. Phona5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
Greeting Cards All Occasions SOUTHWORTH'S
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Dairy Products
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M. C. "Red"' Sammons '2* R. W."Doc"Eppla'40
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Locksmith
Keys and Locks
for trunlu^, door lpcks,_dMk
locks, night latches end padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ac-
cessories end repairing.
MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. Sth St. Phone 2828
WRH To Entertain At Tea Dance Saturday At 4 p. m. Co-eds living in Wood Hall, South Hall, and North Hall will be hostesses at a Valentine tea dance next Saturday from four until seven o’clock. A buffet supper -will be served at 6:30 p. m., and dancing to recordings will be featured in the Recreation Rooms of all three halls. b.j.l.
Although members of the anthropoid specie are to be found in South America it is estimated that approximately 26 times their number exists in Africa.
The ^th Colnnm
Tonight at 7:80 o’clock Prof. E. R. Honeywell will speak to students and factuly members on his 1,000 piece collection of Indian lore. This meeting, sponsored by the Horticulture Society will be held in the Horticulture Building Assembly Hall, room 117. Professor Honeywell's collection includes priceless Indian relics that he has gathered during his travels throughout the middle-west. Of the 6,000 pieces in his collection, he has mounted 1,0Q0 arrowheads, tomahawks, banner stones, spear points, flints of all varieties of shapes and materials, axes and several crude steel arrow shafts. His collection is so unique that he has not been able to find any competitive collections in this region. He is continually in demand to show and describe this hobby at club and association meetings throughout Indiana and surrounding states. According to Henry Resner, in charge of the meeting, refreshments will be provided for the large audience expected, e.w.n.
Benito has turned another bunch of Fascist big boys out into the cold cruel world again. Forty two of them this time. Like a Republican governor after the last election.
And peculiarly enough they all volunteered for front line duty. With this in mind the British ought to refuse to capture anyone above the rank of sergeant. They’ve already got more Italian generals drawing pay in the English army than Englishmen. We can picture them after the battle. The Tommy says. “Advance and give your rank.’*
Then the generals, desperation in their vocies, beg to be captured, and being refused wander off into the desert alone to die. Like elephants. * * *
Gordon Enders passed out a little questionnaire in his History 130 class Monday. The idea being to see how the class lined up on its opinions and prejudices. Last question on the list was, Are you a pacifist or a conscientious objector? Why? Typical yes response. >!■ * *
We’re not sure which we are. We figure maybe we ought to be on England’s side. Maybe we ought to send them the army and the navy. And the president’s advice.
The Purdue Exponent
^RtMre3rarMeoBTeiairnwn!F7tEirtSar«iSMl*X^ foyatto, lodfauM, «»d«r tlw oet: •< CotocMW at Morah t. 1879. aad mt tha opoelol rate of peatoce pwrided Imt n
section IIM. oet of Oetober 8.1917, onthorised Joanaxy 89, 1982. Pabllehed doltr enept Moi
tiiday dnriMT the rcpnler oeodenile peer and weddp dnrinp the Bnauncr Beeeien. DeliTered kwallp hr eurier tor 88.99 per pear, aukil enh-
•eri^tion 18.80. ‘
Miteiwte-ChM.. BmImm MummWm.
W. DeMhoe „Meile Hageoierer
Hewe MHer_
FebNciHee Staff
Monaclnz adlteii.
jr. a. MotCm
J}. K. BMple
deeeelete IdHeiai W. ■. Heaton, H. A. Odriltrae^ 2. A. PnreeU, L. W. Rnihier, Jt. IL ShoUenp, J. Ttnniott.
lesino88 Staff X<oeal AdmtMae Maaocenii D. B. Poworo, •. 0. Loadere: Piowotiea Manaser, 0. P. DoafleHoJer; Aeoooata Moaocer, B. J. Shodford; Oimlonoa Hanoger, K. H.
Cb-ad Staff
editor
JBolh IfeMpeon
diweelate Hditon: Harp Xap HOlcr, Hath Roee. Donna
Sparta Staff
J. P. Dolan degeelnta BdHont J. P. Adamoon, P. 0. Jtiuuom, R. O. ■waiai.
Plwaaa: idherial 4005; liMlm Sparta 2792
50St;
Repreoontai for ootlonal adTertlsiog hp National Adreitiiine ■wrelee, loo., Oallege PnbHsheni ReprcMutatiTee, 4Sa Madleon Am., New York, N. T.
Staff Far Tliia Imn# Nla^tt Editors Mary Kay IDlIer Assistants W. M. Clark Sporte Editor: P. C. Johnson Staff: J. F. Amos, J. F. Zinski, R. Humrickhouae, E. Swarts, F. I. Jones, E. W. Nordlinger, J. Eamsdell, F. Howard, M. L. Losey, B. Laur, F. Kluntpe, M. Stettenbens, O. T. Clark, J. S. Dawson, R. L. Miller, D. E, Brewer.
That makes us sort of generally militaristic. But on the other hand we dislike being shot at. Which leaves
us in a quandry as to whether we’re a conscientious objector. Or a coward.—d.k.h.
Duce House-Cleans
(Continued from page 1) England, is incapable of acting with unity and speed. The principal news headline of the Popolo D’ltalia today, is typical. It reads: “The law that prepares for war, violently attacked by the opposition —extreme warnings of eminent personalities: “La Follette: ‘England would be wise to make peace.’ “Thomas: ‘Application of this project would make total war against Axis and Japan.’ ’’ In private conversation most Fascists seem confident that the lend-lease bill will be beaten, just as they are confident that Hitler can destroy Britain within two months and bring Russia into the tripartite alliance.
William D. Knepper
by Clarence
clarence has something that he would like to say today
. . . Ag ’41, of Wilmette, Illinois, was eleted vice-president of PIA by the PIA EJxecutive Board at their first meeting this semester. Knepper, former co-political chairman, fills the vacancy left by Warren Archibald, who did not return to school this semester.
starring ANN SOTHERN with LEW AYRES — LAST TIMES TODAY —
FRED
ASTAIRE * GODPARD,
Hey, there, Mudball, I was just thinking today that this world of ours would be a rather dull, uninteresting thing if it weren’t for a certain amount of sentimentalism that all we humans possess. Even the hardened scientist has human emotions that he tries to suppress when he is working on some scientific research. Omit Human Element And yet,^ there are decisions that must be made, and problems to be solved in which the human element must be entirely omitted, or at least accounted for. One of our greatest problems, Mudball, is to adjust ourselves so that we’re considerate of our feelings when necessary, and purely scientific when necessary.
Prof. K. B. Woods
. . . assistant director of the joint highway research project in the Civil Engineering School, kas just returned from New York City where he attended the annual meeting of the American Rofld Builder’s Association.
Thurs. > Fri. - Sat.—2 Hits! ^ Clarence E. Mulford's DOOMED CARAVAN WILLIAM BOYD
PLUS
” U8«8SR0l*Btlei
LAST DAY — 2 HITS! '-a Moftlme DIETRICH:
/(
ORRj^lN€^
RAYON SWISH TAFFETA
SLIPS
at a new low price
See the New Beauty in "ARCHER” Veil Nylon Stockings $1.35 pr
THIEME & WANGERIN CO.
622-62$ Main St. Lafayette, In4.
Also, we must be able to laugh, and . . . Look, Mudball, if you’re wise, you’ll thank the mouse gods that you’re not human, that you do not have to worry about what we should do about this war. I have here a ripe tomato, just in the right condition for eating, but I won’t eat it. No, it is my sincere intention to save it for about two weeks on the window sill, where the sun can shine on it, until the time when it will just barely hold together. The Rat Himself At that point I intend throwing it at one of the less popular teachers on the campus; he’s the guy who makes out his final exams with only one idea in mind: to ask questions that no one in his classes will even suspect. Questions that no student would dream of being important enough, or stressed enough in the course, to be possible of being questions on a test.
LEARN TO DANCE BEGINNERS ENROLL TONIGHT 7:00 P. M.
ADANGED Thurs., Feb. 6th, 7 ;00 P. M,
ALLEN’S^TH a FERRY
NOW PLAYING
Moftw Snsatifl BfiSt’SeHer
/ GINGER ROGERS ^ITTIYrOYLE II DENNIS MORGAN JAMES CRAIG ' -RKQ RACrio Plcluro
BMgtCDifwf
IB—If
fiwidwLiSxpamaid.
I
Wednesday, Pebniary 5, 1941
iPjcupL 3-SfiofdL
tin
Riveters Face Illinois Mermen Tonight
Sprowl, Blemker with his unorthodox style, Igney, Riley and Caress to emerge on the long end of the final count. This fact is forcefully borne out when it is remembered that after trying to work the leather in and failing almost entirely, the Riveters were behind in the open-
ing minutes of both games. Then, however, they abandoned
conservative tactics and shot from any angle of the court, to assume the lead which they maintaiined each time. On both occasions, the visitors succeeded in setting-up more plays than Piggy’s lads and though they worked the spheriod into scoring territory, failed badly on their
set-up stabs at the bucket.
WAA
Riveters Drill On Set Up Shots Ward Lambert granted his high-flying regulars a oyie day leave from practice yesterday afternoon, and just to do the thing up brown, the wily mentor took a vacation himself. Ih view of the two up-hill battles that the Riveters have engaged in during the past three days, and their surprising rise in the Big Ten race, Blanken, Captain Igney, Caress, Sprowl, Riley, and Blemker were absent from the work-out. Coming Strong
Previous to the Illinois and Indiana scraps^; Piggy’9 Mighty Mites, Igney, Caress, et al, were being chosen hy the country’s experts to play the role of general doormat in the conference scrambler Now, however, many of those in the know are not hesitating to pick the Old Gold and Black to walk elf with the diadem at the completion of their
schedule.
Indiana and Iowa scored impressive wins on Monday evening over Ohio State and Chicago, respectively to make the situation in their league even more close and complicated. This leaves Wisconsin still lodged in first place with five victories and one defeat, followed by Indiaxm with four and one and Iowa with three and one. The Boilermaker hardwood crew now shares fourth place with Minnesota and Illinois, and are looking to the Chicago game on Saturday evening as a means of pulling up
further.
Following the Maroon fracas come battles with Ohip State, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, Indiana and Northwestern in rapid succession. As a means of preparing for these quintets, Mel Taube directed the reserves yesterday, in settingup plays and getting in on the basket for set-up shots. Attention was also given to rebound work. Subs Work Hard A Red team composed of Adams, Galvin, Weber, Tierney and Pauline went on the offense against a White team made up of Kieffer, Fields, Korshot, Krampe and Nuetzel. Sumner and Swarts also came in for their share of the conrentration on short shots. Taube had them working with the pretense that they were trying to protect a lead in the closing minutes of a game. The drill was marked by the fine play of three sophomores. Adams and Fields i>erformed creditably in the passing department, while Kieffer displayed fine all-around work. Using their height advantage to a great degree, the Whites controlled the ball in the backboard area most of the time.
Shoot
Itj is interesting to note that despite wins over the Hoosiers and the Suckers, the Boilermakers had to rely on long shots by Blanken,
By Virginia Barson In order to acquaint freshman co-eds with the different plays and penalties for foul play in intercollegiate basketball WAA invites all of you to the basketball tea which will be held tomorrow in the gym. The group will first go to the Fieldhouse where “Piggy” Lambert and the University team will demonstrate the various plays. After the demonstration, the WAA council will serve refreshments in the gym.
. . . WAA . . .
There will be an “all star” volleyball game played in the gym after the basketball demonstration. This team is composed of girls who were chosen from the top ranking intramural volleyball teams.
. . . WAA.. .
Intramural swimming practices are being held every afternoon in the pool. Houses, wards and halls may send representative swimmers to the pool to vie for their group. This should be the biggest swimming meet WAA has ever held. The pool is open every afternoon for practice swimmings.
. . . WAA . . .
Have you read the bulletin board about the Red Cross Life Saving course? It may be to your advantage. You may become a full fledged life saver right here on campus.
Axnn
to send
jjttc Colog
•**lmpiromptu** is •n« of Lucien Lelong's sMgic colognes... tmly •ne of the worId*s finest. So richly firagranced its effect may well last all through the day. The plaster flacon like carved ivory will be envied and
DECKER’S
5X8 Main St.
Phone 5036
lllisions
Wrestling Team Opposes Ohio Squads; Face Findlay Friday, OSU On Saturday Hoping to off-set a 16-16 upset at the hands of the Illinois Normal matmen last Monday, Coach C. C. Reeck's Boilermaker wrestling squad will leave Lafayette Friday for matches with Findlay College of Findlay, Ohio, and Ohio State at Columbus
on Friday and Saturday. Findlay and Ohio State compose strong barriers in the way of Riv-
bmmmbmbwi mmmmmmmm progress. Lec Graves, former
Gold and Black wrestler, has taken over the coaching post at Findlay and has built the team into one of the strongest in the Buckeye state. Ohio State, which has never yet finished out of the upper bracket in Conference wrestling, has 145 pound Frankie Montevaro, champion in the Big Ten 145 class, as captain.
Riveters Seek Revenge
Last year the Buckeyes defeated the Boilermakers in a close match and finished in the number three
spot in the Conference race.
Eight men competed in the match with Illinois Normal Monday including co-captains Casey Fredericks and John Papurca. Fredericks, 121 lb. class, won on a pin, as did Jack Foster, 135 pounder. Joe Hlinka, 165 lb. class, won on a decision and Warren Evanston, 175 hefty, emerged with a draw. Coming out on the short end were Bob Siekman, 128 class, John Papurca, 145 class. Bob Britt, 155 pounder, and Harold Montgomery, heavyweight.
Five In A Row
The Illinois squad, unbeaten in four starts, added the Riveters to its string of scalps, which already contained such notable squads as Northwestern, Chicago, Bradley Tech, and DeKalb University. The ineligibility of Prank Ruggieri, star heavyweight bone-crush-er for the Boilermakers, and the fact that six out of eight Illinois men were senior veterans, undoubtedly had an effect on the final outcome of Monday’s contest. The locals, having not one senior in their midst, expect to have Ruggieri back for this week-end. Coach Reeck also expects to take Ken Rawlins, another 145 pounder, on the trip east,
d.e.b.
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
It seems imperative at this time to mention the recent “student ducat scandal” that has swept over the campus by ink, mouth, and grape-vine system. Not once since opqs JO ouioq stqj ojui jSjjuo jSui ruie acrobats and cow-herders, can I remember anf rumor such as the above mentioned that is causing
such comment.
—I-I—
As for yours truly, I firmly believe the Exponent editors have been swayed by the bleeting of freshmen who have not adhered to ticket distribution rules. Dan Heiple, a very uncircumlocutionary young man who takes his job to heart, a job that says his paper is for students, and protection of student’s rights, did what he thought best following an audience with many freshmen who say “they didn't get their Indiana TICKET with the Chi. and Illini ones.”
—I-I—
Even I believed their story, because at times freshmen seem right, even if they can’t find the answer m the back of the book. But there are always two (2) sides to an argument—^unless you live in a
Teutonic state.
—I-I—
So over to the math department I trot. I talked to the admirable “Pop” Doan, as grand a man as anyone who holds a faculty position in any school in this country. (Continued on page 4)
150 Couples . . . danced to recordings at the bi-monthly tea dance sponsored by the Student Union, b.j.l.
Ladies! You’D like Ois 1911 GENERAL ELECTRIC Best of AD!
Omm Ja loott Mid Mt fiiese New ISMl G>B RefrigeiMots. Himi shc^ •found and compare with all odieta—in beauty, in convenience, in featocee that mean tbiffy opcfathm and long fiia —and Wm wee yoa’ll My • Geocfal Bccttk for m»r
De Luxe Model B7-41 shown at left maf be purcbaced at SUITABLE TERMS
iel 0 MW 6-1 IwNl la ymr iacoiM omI fovi IImm wiqffi SAVf AT THi srom G-Fs 10-Star Stocage Ibtncea provide Ptppw f reservation for everv Idnd of food. bn can now take foil advantage of bargain days at tbe madeen SAVe Hi THe KITCHINI 6-Fa GondMoned Air and lO-Star Storage Peatnres ka^ fiedi fooda and lefbmn perfectly for wddioat a peniqr of waste. SAVI UMIU IW YIAMI GFIs famed soMlnsteel Tbiift Unit hu a focord for dtpcndsble IMKfotmance and radacte amomy un^ passed hr aay otber cold-iMking juccbsniMB in Anwooif /
Buy Your G. E. at
<£xlidi
with Confidence
Strong Illinois Contingent Invades Fieldhouse For Initial Home Conflict In high hopes of winning their first Big Ten swimming vietory against the Hlinois squad tonight, the Boilermaker tankmen were sent through their final preparations by Coach guth yesterday afternoon. The meet is scheduled for 7:30 p. m. and not 8:00 p. m. as was previously announced. This is the first home meet of
the year and all students are invited to come. There is no charge, but those attending will be required to show their passports. Coach Papenguth is expecting a close, hard-fought battle. Although they will be gunning for their first Big Ten victory, the Riveter tankmen will also be seeking revenge for last year’s 51 to 33 setback handed them by the Illini. A victory tomorrow would mean a great deal for either squad. Illini Boast Veterans The Illinois squad is made up of some of the finest swimmers in the conference. Kirkland placed fifth in the backstroke at the Big Ten meet last year. Coach Papenguth is expecting some stiff competition from the medley relay team, which carried off fourth place honors in the Swimming meet tonight will be free to all students holding passports.
same meet last year. Kurlak, in the breast stroke, should cause plenty of trouble for the Riveters. Also expected to place are the two fine divers, Keinlein and Holquist. In addition to these mentioned. Coach Manley of the Illinois school has some unusually good sophomore material to send into the conflict tonight. Four Home Meets Following tonight’s meet the Boilermaker tankmen will face Fort
Wayne YMCA Saturday, Feb. 4; Chicago, Feb. 16; Ohio State, Feb. 21, and Indiana on Feb. 2S. All of these mentioned will take place in the Fieldhouse pooL On Saturday, Feb. 22, the State High School Swimming Meet wiU be held in the Fieldhouse. On that day approximately one hundred of the best swimmers from onr high schools will compete for state honors.
Intra Mural
BASKETBALl. Wednesday, Febmaxy S €!onrt 1—H. Sebwartx Gary Hall 6 vs. (^xy Hall 8. Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 4. Delta Chi vs. Delta Tau Delta. Ward 9 vs. Ward 12. Court 2—<S P<dierty Cary Hall 1 vs. ^ry Hall 19. Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall IL. Ward 23 vs. Ward 22 Ward 2 vs. Ward 6. Court 3—^P. Schriber Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 12. Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 13. Ward 3 vs. W^rd 7. Ward 80 vs. Ward 33. Court 4—^W. B. MeAdams Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 14. Ward 10 vs. Ward 16. Ward 17 vs. Ward 21. Ward 18 vs. Ward 26.
7:00 7:15 8.00 8:16 7:00 7:16 8:00 8:16 7:00 7:16 8:00 8:16 7:00 7:16 8:00 8:15
TABLE TENNIS (Doubles) Rei>ori at 4:15 p. m. Siema Chi, Sigma Nu, Sigma Pi, Pbi Delta Theta, Triangle, Theta Chi, Sigma Alpha Mu, Tau Kappa Epsilon, Phi Kappa Tan, Alpha Kappa Lamb^ Ah>h Chi ^o. Alpha Gamma Bho, Alpha Tan Omega, Kappa Sigma, Beta Sigma Psi, Delta Tan Delta, Delta Upsilon, Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Kappa, Phi Sigma Kapiia, Pi Kappa Alpha, Pi Kappa Phi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Tau Epsilon Phi, Theta Thn.
JhsL lAmm. irwiinA, ifou, Jto Apnnd. ifOiVL Majum. mommUi, in, Hul ... MUSIC ROOM Enjoy its complete assortment of classical and semi-classical recordings, BROWSING ROOM A good book, comfortable chair, and pleasant atmosphere! PUTTERING ROOM The ideal place to develop a hobby.
] JhsL fiWtdlUL TtbinufuciL TAnmtL The Comer of ihe f?fimjiniy Yei ihe Center of AcHeiiiea? 'V'
^lt
I
fiacfs ^*}fbaoA
Wednesday, Febmery S, 1941
fijttJidWL SxpMUUd.
Experimentdl Station Conducts Research On Asphalt Durability
Oscar Wev To Explain US Coast Guard Life
Wesley Players
Rock Asphalt or as it is more commonly known “blacktop” has become the standard paving material for most of Indiana’s highways. Until recently very little accurate information has been availfd)le about its ability to withstand traffic and weather conditions, but it was known that some of it lasts much better than the rest. O. R. Taylor, W. H. Goetz and C. Slesser of the Engineering Experiment Station staff have recently studied this subject and published their findings in “Natural Sandstone Rock Asphalt.” The bulletin which is number 78 in the Research Series published by the University deals with the different types of asphalt available and the methods of applying it. Rock asphalt is -sandstone that has been impregnated by nature with bituminous matter. It needs only to be crushed to the proper size before it is applied. Three sections of highways were used for field experiments, and many laboratory tests were conducted on samples of material collected from all over Indiana and adjoining states. Additional studies were made oh the dififerent methods of treating and curing the crushed stone.
SMtnt Smwm Fund BrU»OfSo«dFanis
Drive Will Begin Soon
World Student Service Fund General Committee will hold a meeting today at 4:16 in room 212 of the Union for anyone interested in the work of the committee. Need for such an organization, present tentative preliminary plans for reaching the campus, and details of committees will be discussed at the meeting. There will be a financial drive starting March 2, 1941, and the goal of $100,000 for the U. S. has been set. Administrative Rulings L. M. Sears of the history department will present the administrative rulings governing the effort. All major campus organizations are being invited to send representatives to this meeting; it is also open to the student body at large; anyone interested in helping is urged to attend, j.r.
Talk about a swell treat... just sink your teeth into smooth DOUBLEMINT GUM
Yes, ior real dtliclous just 7°^^ Velvety-smooHi.i'Jl
DOUBtEMINTGUM-y® ” chewing oi letreshing Oa • ^ DOUBIXMIOT daiy ^^us. i,dor»al 9fJd sweeten “^^’^wHnnd costs so htae!
Sound motion pictures portraying life in the Coast Guard service and at its New London (Conn.) Academy will be shown next Thursday, February 13, at 4 p. m. in room 129 of the EE building, according to an announcement from the military department yesterday. Enlistment Films
. . . announce the Secotid tryouts for “St. Claudia,” their three act road play. Tryouts will be held Thursday evening at seven o’clock at the Wesley Foundation building. “St. GlaUdia” is a play dealing with the Passion of Christ. The play, which has fourteen chatacters, will tour chutchee of the Grefencastle and Crawfordsville districts during spring vacation.
Irishman's Illusions
(Continued from page 3)
Lieutenant Oscar C. B. Wev of the U. S. Coast Guard, stationed at St. Louis, will come here with the films to answer inquiries concerning enlistment and will give a brief discussion of the film.
Cadetship appointments to the Academy are made through competitive examinations. The examination this year will be held on May 14-15 and is open to all men between the ages of 17 and 22 who have the necessary requirements, according to the military department. Instruction Course
The bulletin which contains this data that has not been available heretofore is available at the University Experiment Station.
The course of instruction offered by the Academy is equivalent to that given to a mechanical engineering student in a civilian school. Upon graduation cadets are given the degree of Bachelor of Science in Engineering and are commissioned as Ensigns in the Coast Guard. Pay of Ensign is $143 per month, single, and $183 per month, married. Primarily a peace-time organization, the Coast Guard was founded in 1790. f.i.j.
Dr. Byers To Speak
At Sigma Xi Meeting
Weather, long of important consideration to aviation, joins the factors figuring in the national defense program as evidenced by the “Meteorology In Our Defense” lecture which will be delivered by Dr. Horace R. Byers, of the Institute of Meteorology at the University of Chicago, tomorrow night at 7:30 o’clock in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. Dr. Byers will speak under the auspices of the University chapter of the society of Sigma Xi. He is an experienced and well-informed speaker who has worked for many years in this field. The meeting is open to the public, r.a.c.
Your Formal Needs at
'5sua1si/lL
FULL DRESS SUITS $30.00 and $35.00
DOUBLE BREASTED TUXEDOS $22.50 to $i7.50
pleated bosom SHIRTS $2.00 and $3.00
VESTS $3.50 ta $600
STUD and CUFF LINK SETS $1.00 to $3.50
OPERA HATS $11.50
HOSE 35e to $1.00
COLLARS 35e and 50c \
•OONMNSr.
curnns SHOP INC.
Gymnasts Meet Today
807 of Union, and not
t»revioiuiy announced. Au nietnbM cai>d, unsuitable caps UriU be "
ni^t ia
For Club Organization
wovo, ^ coilauiied fot replacement by manufacturer. Complete at>
tendance expected.
—BOHLIN.
“Pop” explained to me (and I certainly do believe him), the entire situation. —I-I— “Pop,” whose job it is to seat by ticket distribution about 72,000 persons in our stadium each fall and all those basketball fans we’ve been seeing in the F. H. lately, told us that he gets quite indignant letters from local and vicinity Purdue alumni, asking for tickets. I actually know that Doan always answers that he will supply the student demand first—and then take care of the alumni with what is left —after the designated days for student distribution. -1-1— Now if a student doesn’t follow the schedule for turning in his coupon, you can see the chaos and hap-hazard system Doan and his secretaries would run up against. —I-I— Mai Elward, new director of athletics, talked a few minutes to us yesterday about the affair. He is more than concerned about the situation, and exceedingly interested in having things corrected if any wrong has been done. —I-I— There you have the other side~of the story. Before the present Purdue system of distributing tickets was adopted, the athletic department conferred with oificials of other universities as to their system. Elward explained that Purdue adopted the present system because it was successful other places, but. . . —I-I—
A meeting for those interested in campus gymnastics MFill be held iii the Fieldhouse this afternoon at 4 o’clock at which time organization ■will be discussed. As a club representing all organizations for students is desired, all interested eds are asked to attend. Possibilities are being considered whereby time would be allowed between halves of a varsity basketball game for an exhibition by the gjmmasts. All students should heed the call, for this presents a real opportunity for students to engage a sport building both body and health.
Atrrteultore Edacation Boeietyi lleetina of all officers, directors, attendance committee and program ooritmit^ Wedneoday, February 6, at 7:80 p. m. in room SOS of L<JONttA».
AVITS Executive Ekard: R^tdar UeeUng Wednesday, February 6, at Tt80 p. nu in A’^S office.
Debris Business BophomoreS: Ini^rtant meetiiig WednOs:^, E^bmaQi; 6, at • p. m. at the business office. Bring your books and
money.
—ADAMB.
Varsity Golf: All candidates for varsity golf attend meeting at 2 p. m. Batorday, February 8, in Fieldhouse nascent. -%UiFAW.
Make-up ExaMthations Kn ME Courses: Make-up examinations to remove I and 0 grades will be given in ME 11, 62 and 68 on Saturday, February 22, at 1 pt nk. in room 801 of ME Building. Those intending to take exams notify me before F^ruttty l8. - —AULT.
Classified Ads
student Senate: Meeting Wednesday, February 6, at 4 p. m. in the Senate office. Important. —LAKSON.
Alpha Zeta: Special meeting Wednesday, February 6, at 7:80 p. m. in room 282 of Union. —STEWART.
Pi Tau Sigma: Meeting Wednesday, February 6, at 4 p. m. in reading room of MB Building. All^members be present —WIST.
FOR BALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and nsed, for sale, rent and repaired. AU makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimewraph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoffi 606 Main St Phone 2779.
Independent Staff: All staff members and new workers are expected to attend the meeting Wednesday, February 6, at 7:80 p. m. in the PIA office. —GRIFFIN.
Home cooked meals for students $6.00 per week. 620 Dodge St. Phone 76134.
Chi Epsilon: Important meeting Thursday,' February 6, at 7:80 p. m. in room 806 of Union. —JMVERS.
FOR RENT Far Rent: Russ-Bent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night Phone 2407.
Conditions in Mathematic^: Students with C grades should consult inati^uctor concerned before Saturday, February 8, ' —SMITH.
For Rent: Small single room, $8. Meals if desired. 346 Northwestern. Call 71062.
For Kent: Single room adjoining bath, automatic hot water. $10 a month. Phone 41782.
McBee’s Organic Chem 30; Following sections in organic chemistry were not listed in the schedule of classes. Their time and meeting places are: Div. L, Saturday 9, Chem annex 1297 Div. M, Saturday 9, Chem 421: Div. N, Thursday 2. Ohetn 421; Div. O. Thursday 2, Chem. 421. —McBEE.
LOST Lost: Cary club pin on January 21. Finder please call R. C. White, 2437. Reward.
Lost: Log Log duplex decitrig slide rule. Call 66021. C. B. Frances. Reward.
Horticulture Society: There will be a meeting Wednesday, Feb. p, in tte assembly room of the Horticulture building. Please be there. —RESNER.
Lost: A marine blue woolen muffler the night of the Detroit-Purdue game. Call Nothmann, 2476.
Co-ed Riflery: Class practice Feb. 6, 6, 10, 12, 13. Three practices e^e required. Class matches Feb. IS and 20. —BLAGRAVE.
Lost: At 111. game Waltham watch, chain and keys. If found notify R R. Scobee, Ph. 2847.
Nbtices
Poultry Club: Debris picture will be taken Thursday, February 6, at 7:30 p. m. in the south ballroom of Union. Wear suits or afternoon frocks. Please be prompt. —SHEDRICK.
Skull and Crescent: Inkportant meeting Wednesday, February 6, at 7:80 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. Drop around fellows ! —LANIUS.
Students must follow the schedule. You don’t go to your 8:00 o’clock class at ten o’clock. The class wouldn’t be there. I remember when I was a sophomore, I missed two basketball games, because I thought the ticket office was a thing “to play with” by disregarding notices. It isn’t!
Women Students: Corrective clinic Tuesday and Thursday from 4-6 p. -m. in the Women’s Gymnasium starting Tuesday, February 4. All girls interested in improving their posture may attend and receive professional advice. —RUSSELL.
All Star Volleyball: Practice Wednesday, February 6, at 4 p. m. in Women’s Gym. —KIRKHOFF.
Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting Thursday, February 6, 7:30 p. m. in Union. —HOLCOMB.
Student Cooperative Association: Important meeting Wednesday, February 6, at 7:30 p. m. m SCA room of Union. Election of officers. —BROWN.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting Thursday, February 6, at 7:30 p. m. in room 307 of Union. Visitors welcome. —LONG.
Marriage Course Seniors: Wednesday nighters inquire at west desk of Union for classroom number. Thursday nighters will meet in west faculty lounge. Bring pencils and be there at 7 :16 p. m. —BANCROFT.
NYA Workers: Checks for period ending January 16, 1941, are now available at cashier’s office in Executive Bldg. —HOLLENSBE.
Freshman Pistol Team: Men told to report second semester meet at pistol range 4:80 p. m. February 6. —BROWN.
Flying Club: Meeting of the Flying club Wednesday, February 6, at 7:80 in room 268 of Union. —GREVE.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Important business meeting Wednesday, February 5, 7:80 p. m. in room 261, Union. -WAYNE.
Sigma Delta Chi: Initiation probably on Sunday, February 9. Awaiting word on banquet speaker. Initiation fee ($15) payable to Stew Marquis prior to Sunday. —McKEB.
Modem Dance Club: Initiation meeting formerly planned for Febnikiry 5, has been postponed. Watch Exponent for date. —KNIGHT.
Reamer Club: Important meeting Wednesday, February 5, at 7:15 p. m. in room
World Student Service Fond Committee; Meeting changed from 7:8(>‘p. m. to 4:15 p. m. Wednesday, February 6, room 212 of Union. -BELCHER.
- WlV
A BBW way to buy youi* bBldved Coty ^Sub-Deb" make-upi A clover clip of plastic solidly holds both Lip•tlck. i. and a full-size coropact-style -'Air-Spun" Rouge. And—note I—this clip comet with 001/8 compllmentsi A happy, handy way to and mad scrambles for your tHraylng maka-upl
"SUB^DEB"UPSTICK,.50li "AIR-SPUN"ROUGE ..sot DOTH FOR . .. $1.00 (The clip Is fraai
\