: 4 !*'
:iV 4
||E SECOND I^AGE Edits On I nflation, The Little Guy'
a'P' i sfe
Establilhed 1889
zfumeM If , DailrSinMt906
SEE ERONT PAGE Box For Official Penalty Days '
53/No. 174
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, April 22,1942
Hass, Hunt Win Leather Medal, Teacher Awards
Hanley Speaks To Engineers Monoraries Present Initiates At All-Engineering Banquet
. , By Garl Wchdel
; Last night at a banquet sponsored by all engineering societies of the University, the new initiates of these honoraries were introduced. Dr. W. A. Hanley, ME ’ll, director of the Mi Lilly Co., of Indianapolis, addi'essed the meeting, which was held in the South Ballroom of the Union. Ned A. Ochiltree acted as toastmaster at the banquet. After acknowledging the introduction by Dean A. A. Potter, Hanley congratulated the initiates, telling them that by halving a membership in any —■
lost And Found' Sale Will Begin
of the engineering honoraries represented there they had something which would be of talue to them in many yeai’s to come. In his: speech, Hanley told of the •present Situations bi’ought about by the war, what the results of the war wpqld be and what opportuniti^; would be offered to young engipeeira when the war is over. Hanley poiated out that our country was definitely taken by sur*prise and that apparently our armies have been badly beaten so far,. The Tide Will Turn He assured the audience, however, that he was certain the tide would turn and that although through the rest of this year we will probably be carrying on a delaying actioh>-WjHiH ■ the enemy, we should Uot be discouraged. ' Hahley stated that the war effort beiUg pul oUt by the people is by ^ar better now than the public effort was during the last war, and that there is actually little civil Strife as compared to situations which existed nearly twenty years
ago,
Ilaiy About To Quit Hanley then went on to tell about Conditions at the present time in the European countries, saying that Italy is about to quit fighting and that we may expect a revolt in P'rance at any time. He also mentioned that although Russia has been having a very difficult time, there is no doubt that that country Will go on fighting in spite of everything. Hanley’s opinion as to the length of the war was that it would probably be ended by the close of 1945 because Europe could not possibly manage to wage a war any longer than that. Hanley .said, “When Hitler is overthrown, the end of the war in Europe will soon come and then thy rest of the world will be able to take care of Japan.” Pictures Post War World Hanley’s picture of the world after the, war is that the future of the British Empire is in doubt because most of England’s possessions are becoming independent—in fact, they ai’e drawing nearer to the United States; that the white race may have to unite against the yel(See BANQUET, page 4) Ag Frosh To Compete In Judging Contest Around sixty freshmen agricultural students will take part in the annual freshmen Livestock Judging Contest to be held next Saturday in the Judging Pavilion on University Farm. All participants will Judge eight rings of livestock and appear before committees to give their reasons for the placings. H. J. Brandt To Speak Faculty members and senior students who were on the livestock' judging team last semester will comprise the committees. Winners will be announced at a dinner to be held that evening in the Alpha Gamma Rho Fraternity when Howard J. Brandt of Wabash, secretary of the American Belgian Horse Breeders’ Association, will be the speaker. The judging contest is in charge of a committee headed by Prof. R. B. Cooley of the animal husbandry department.
Herschel Hunt
H. B. Hass
Senate Will Sell Articles In Union student Senate “Lost and Found” sale will be held Thursday and Friday from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. in room 257 of the Union, just behind the West Desk. All articles which have been turned in during the past year and have not been claimed vidll be
sold.
The, Lost and Found department collects all the ai’ticlos turned in at the various schools. If the ai'ticles hayb. any marks of identification, the owners are contacted but 90 per cent of all articles turned in are unclaimed. Sell Unclaimed Articles The 400 articles to be sold include coats, jackets, pens, pencils, jewelry, and slide rules. Everything will be very reasonably priced. ^ Any student who wishes to claim a lost article must do so before 5 this afternoon in the Senate office. Articles turned in this week Will not bo included in the sale. Jack Sandlebcn and Don Thomas ar’e in charge of the sale. Cosmopolitan Club Will Hold Banquet, Social Saturday Cosmopolitan Club members, composed of students from other lands, and guests will hold their annual spring banquet and social Saturday night at 6 in Lincoln Lodge. LaVonne Kcllar, president of the Club, will/inti’oduce the newly elected presic^ent, Francis Lau, who is from Hawaii. After Lau has accepted the presideney, he will introduce the rest of the officers for next semester. These are as follows: Elizabeth Douglas, Fred Tanigawa, Francis Tsc, and Mary Janette Hague. The guest artist for the evening will be Mr. Felipe Chelala, staff artist for the Lafayette Journal and Courier, who will entertain the gathering with his rites of magic. Mr. Chelala is from Cuba, but has performed in the States for the past eight years. The guests of honor will include Dr. and Mrs. E. C. Elliott, Dean and Mrs, M. L. Fisher, Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Vogler, Dean Fied Goldsmith, Prof, and Mrs. E. Brenes, Mrs^ Howard Baldwin, and Prof, and Mrs. R. V. Finney, Music for the dancing will be furnished by recordings featuring .South American Rhumbas, Tangos, Congas, and Boleros. Tea Dance To Feature Recordings Saturday Special spring tea dance will be held this Saturday afternoon from 3 until 5:30 in the North Ballroom of the Union. As usual, a ten cent admission fee will be charged all eds, while the coeds will be admitted
free.
All students are invited to attend this last tea dance of the cui‘rent school semester. Music will be furnished by popular recoi'dings.
Henry B. Ha.ss, head of the University department of chemistry, will be recipient of this year’s Leather Medal Award, citation given “for the greatest contribution to the welfare, success and reputation of the University,” Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalists fraternity sponsoring the annual awai'd, announced last night. Prof. Herschel Hunt has been chosen for the Best Teacher Award, given annually to “the best of Purdue’s good teachers.”. Hunt, of the department of chemistry, is in charge of in-
Commencement Announcements Announcements will be available at hbbn today at the bookstore.s from which they were ordered. A limited number of leather and cardboard announcements will be placed on sale in the Student Senate office at 4 this afternoon. Late orders will be available at the same time in the
Senate ollice,
Seniors Should Apply For Marriage Course Applications including name, addi'css, telephone number, faculty reference and reason for wanting to take the coui’sc should be filled out by senior.s desiring to take the marriage course for next seine.ster.
struction in physical chemistry. Henry Bohn Hass joined the University staff in 1928, was made professor of chemistry in 1935 and became head of the depart'hieht in-1937; Under his direction the department has attracted a large number of industrial and governmental research fellowships; national attention has been focused on the University as a result of the pioneering work in vapor phase nitration processes which has been a major phase of the department’s research program. Industry Research Director Dr. Hass received his B.A. degree from Ohio "Wesleyan university in 1921 and his master’s and doctor’s degrees from Ohio State in 1923 and 1925. He was a research director in industry for three years before joining the University staff. Winner of the Leather Medal last
Penalty Days At the meeting of the Executive Committee, on Monday, April 20, it was decided to declare April 29, 30, aiid May 1, 2 (the closing dayisK of this ferttiT penalty Idays f6r all undergraduates, except seniors who are candidates for degrees. The penalty for absence from one or more classes on any one or more days mentioned will be $5.00 for each day on which such absence occurs. M. L. Fisher Dean of Men
Stewart Announces New Accompanists A1 Stewart announced today the new accompanists for the Glee Club and for the University Choir and Concert Choir for this next school
Week
With Graduation 1335 Will Receive Degrees; Three-Day Program Planned Culminating with commencement exercises for the present senior class on Sunday, May 3, the University will hold itsi^> nuRl Gala Week celebration that weekend in connection with the close of the present academic year. In addition to the combined commencement and baccalaureate exercises, returning —————^——— —— alumni will be guests at spoirts DwAI dawL k^iinklar events, banquets, the annual I lOli LluiR IMIvDIvI Gala Week Dance, and an jait Speaks At Diocesan 1,335 students will receive ■ their degrees as members of HimiiAr TAnSnkf 68th graduating class in Ullincr lOniyill the Musk Hall, according to h. Prof. Cla,k Kuebler, of North- B Stone, DniversiW registrar, western University’s modem lang- This number includes thoSe uage department, will make the who completed courses _ last principal address at the Diocesan August and January. Despite Dinner of the aqnual convention of the size of the class. President E. C. the Episcopal Diocese of Indianapo- Elliott will maintain a tradition df lis which is being held today and to- distributing diplomas individually, morrow at St. John’s Church in La- Number of Candidates fayette. . A tentative list of the nuinber of The dinner will bq held tonight at candidates for degrees, as dn6:46 p.m. in the North Ballroom of nounced yesterday, is as follows: the Union, and President Elliott will Science, 166; Home Economics, l4i; give the welcoming address. Stu- Agriculture, 110; Forestryrll; Medents and faculty who care to attend chanical Engineering, 236; Civil the dinner may purchase tickets at Engineering, 41; Electrical Engithe west desk of the Union for one neering, 90; Chemical Engineering, dollar. At 8 p. m. Bishop Kirchpffer 86; Metallurgical Engineering^ 27; is to make his convention address in Public Service Engineering, 19; the North Ballroom of the Union Trade and Industrial Engineerii^j and- anyone .ipay attend this meet- 5; Pharmacy,'30; and Physical Edg-
ing free of charge;
Military Department
Lists Promotions Of Enlisted Men Several of the regular army En-
cation, 11. There are 62 candidates for master’s degrees, five candidates for progessional degrees, and 49
candidates for doctorates.
In addition, 167 students will be commissioned as second lieutmianta in the U. S. Army upon completion of the advanced militairy training course. Twenty-nine of the AngU^ and January graduates have al-
listed Men on duty with the Military commissioned. '
Friday’s Program
Informal luncheon, aerial trijs
Department have recently been pro-
moted. They are as follows:
^ ^ ^ , T, • , T-,- . over the campus. Applied Design exLeo L. Lockwood, Private First yeomen's physical education Class, appointed Technician^ Fifth demonstrations, and the Purdue-
Ohio baseball game will start tha (See GALA WEEK, page 4)
These are to be submitted to H. E. year, which has been awarded each
Wilkening, whose office is in Room 316 of the Executive building. This course is held exclusively for seniors and those taking it will receive two hours credit. The class will meet once a week from 7:30 to 9:30. G. F. Topinka Speaks At ASME Conference George F. Topinka, ME ’42, presented a fifteen minute talk, entitled “Some Aspects of Wing Vibration and Flutter,” at the Annual Midwest Student Conference of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. This conference was held at the University of Notre Dame April 20 and
21. .
Topinka, member of the Univer.sity Student Branch of the A.S.M.E., was accompanied to this conference by A. D. Utley, G. H. Goble, and S. R. Lloyd, officers of the University Student Branch A.S.M.E., Prof. H. A. Bolz, Honorary Chairman of the Branch, and Prof. E. S. Ault of the M.E. School. Roscoe Fraser .. , member of the horticulture extension staff, was presented with a watch by the Indiana Canners’ A.ssociation at Indianapolis in recognition of his service.s in the promotion of closer cooperation among canners •and gi'owers and for being instrumental in improving horticulture crops in Indiana.
Editorial Staff All coeds report to the ollice at 4 today to work on coed edition. Freshman eds and,sports writers will work as usual. —GHATFIELD
year since. 1921, was Sgt. T. J. David Simpson will accompany (Shorty) Purchla. Other -winners "while Arthur Jacklin include Dr. E. C. Elliott, Ward 'W-Lafayette, a transfer student Lambert, Dean Stanley Coulter and DePauw, will be the new pianNnhlp W. TCDpv and organist for the University , . , r,* (V r iQon Choir and Concert Choir.
Joined Staff In 19.40
Herschel Hunt joined the Univcr.sity staff in 1930 after receiving his A.B. at Oakland City in 1926 and his. M.A. and Ph.D- degrees at Indiana Univer’sity in 1927 ann 1929. He was promoted to associate professor in 1939. Dr. Hunt, known to his 175 present and numerous former students as “Doc,” is the second instructor of a strictly technical subject to win the Best Teacher Award, Prof. Seibert.. Fairman of the applied mechanics departmen having won the award in 1940. Other award winners are Prof. Neil Little of the department of mathematics and Profs. C. B. Murphy and J. A. Estey of the department of history, economics and government. IMitorials Tomorrow Editorials describing in greater detail the work of these men which lias caused them to be elected by the members of Sigqia Delta Chi as winners of these awards will appear in tomorrow’s Exponent. I Mahns To Play At PIA Spring Formal Friday Friday night from 8:30 to 11:30 the PIA Spring Formal dance will be held in the Union ballrooms. It will be a semi-formal affair, hot a novelty dance/as was erroneously listed in the University calendar last Sunday, and music will be furnished by Maury Mahns. The dance is free to all PIA members and their dates. The charge for all others will be $1.10.
Dr. O'Shea To Speak At Grinnell College Di'. Harriet E. O’Shea, pf the department of Education and Applied Psychology, is spending Monday, Tuesday, "Wednesday, and Thursday of this week at Grinnell College, Grinnell, Iowa, under the auspices of the Women’s Social Budget Committee. She will deliver two general lectures to men and women students, hold several .group conferences With women .students, and confer with student and faculty committee. Her addresses will he on “College Students and Mental Health” and “Successful Living.” On Friday, April 24, she will address the Michigan Association of Deans of Girls and Women in Ann Arbor on “Personal Problems in War Time,” Roger Williams Club To Hold Picnic Saturday Roger Williams Club of the West Lafayette Baptist Church will hold its annual spring picnic next Saturday at the Vawter Big Rock Cottage on the Tippecanoe, 15 miles north of. Lafayette. This picnic is an annual aft'air which has been held for the last 26 years. Miss Helen Snyder is in charge of the arrangements, and Jim Ford is in charge of the transportation. Club members are urged to attend and should meet at the church at 1 o’clock, Saturday afternoon. There will be a small charge for transportation and for the evening meal.
grade; James H. Cain from Private to Corporal; William Condron fi’oin Private First Class to Corporal; James W. Neyhart from Private First Class to Corporal; Ralph I. Snyder from Private First Class to Corporal; Aloysius T. Tyman from Private to Corporal; Alfred C. Apple, Private First Class, appointed Technician, Fifth grade; George E. Tolbert,. Private First Class, appointed Technician, Fourth grade. Paul L. Browning from Private to Sergeant; Herman F. Davis from Private First Class to Sergeant; William J. Dillman from Private First Class to Sergeant; Glenn Dumford from Private Fii’st Class to
Mrs. Davis McCarn Addresses Coed Counselors Today
Third and final compulsory mee^ ing for next year’s coed counselorii will be held this afternoon at 4 in the lecture room in Stanley Cioultiei Hall. Mrs. Davis G. McCarn, counselor for women at Northwestetn
Sergeant; Albert C. Fischer from University, will speak on “77liaV Private First Class to Sergeant; Counselors Can Do to Help New StURaymo^nd W. Fraley from Private ^ents With Their Problems.”
Mrs. McCarn has been on the cantpus twice before. She spoke to a meeting of last year’s counselorSt and she also addressed the Houaemothers’ Training School held laat
summer.
Her talk this afternoon will deal with specific problems in counselbag, and she will cite examples from her own experience as a counselor. Bob Fowler To Play For Mixer Saturday From 8:30 To 11 :W Bob Fowler and his orchestra will play for the regular Union mixer Saturday night from 8:30 to 11:30 in the north ballroom. The orchestra has been playing many prominent engagements throughout the statei and Bob, who is featured on the marimba in the Red Norvo style, and the Bobcats, a small swinsrcombination, have consistently deli^Itt^-. cd the dancers. Bob, who is a graduate of tha. Cincinnati Conseiwatory of Musie, has played with several name and, since forming his own orgailization, is fast gaining the reputation and popularity accorded to t|i,e more outstanding bands in
Fix'st Class to Sergeant; George H. Hardin from Private First Class to Sergeant; and Robert J. Lundy from Private First Class to Sergeant. Town Girls' Club Plans Picnic For Saturday At the business meeting of the Town Girls’ Club held yesterday Afternoon at 4 plans for the picnic which the club is sponsoring on Saturday were discussed. The meeting was conducted by Jean Ainsworth, president, and committee reports
were given.
It was decided that the club will hold monthly meetings during the summer session. In addition to doing Red Cross work, the club members will help with the orientation of freshman town girls next fall. Lieut. William Hoyt ... of the Public Safety Institute, is conducting a two" weeks’ training school on traffic for the Marion police department in Marion, Ohio. Lieut. Hoyt recently conducted a traffic survey to study problems and is returning to give instruction in methods to me^ these problems.
M
I
j ■Visr/ 4W
,y yj
PM
S'"""'?
fsf
Jnb^ 2
Exponent Editorial And Feature Page Wednesday, April 22,1942
Purdue Exponent All-American 1940-'41
Offices Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union Phone 4005 ^(irts, Fieldhousc, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m, 5377
SditMMn-Chief News li^ditnr Manturinir Pditor Bnspicss Msnnerr Cirtnlslton Manager Coed Editor
lohn F Amos Don T Brophy John H Armstrong: William n Millard Ken K Gjemre Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff Associate Editors bditorial Staff I B w i k < D I H Iz W G Hoskins A P Hunter D W Oihiltrcc W L Rafcrt Sports Staff D 1 Brewer J S D eson 1 L Karpick ^ W Kricge r Coed Staff Sails Beall Charlotte Hass Jean Lauer Dona Pickcnni, Business Staff Coed Business Managrer Julia Martin Advcrtisine Managrers J M WriRht D L Johnson Circulation Manaircr G H Klouman Accounts Manager Trcnn Torrenga Junior Coed Managers Ellen Clark Jane Keim,
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Hunter Issue Editor Votik Day Editor Lauer Sports Editor Dawson Beporters Vegh Davis Ford Wilbur Pickering
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ^te Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 and the apecial rate of postage pnovided for in section 1103 act of Dotober 3 I9l7 authorized January 20 1922 Publishce daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the summer Session Delivered locally by car ner for $3 50 per year mail subscriptions $4 00 Represented for national advertising bv National Advertising Service Inc College Publishers Representatives 42t Madison Ave New York N A
The Little Guy What distinguishes this countiy fiom the othei' great nations of the world‘s There are many possible answeis The answer might be that the United States is the country wheie the little guy can go as fai as his eneigies and abilities allow, wheie the little guy does not have to bow and scrape to anyone Little guys made this country They came heie fiom e\eiyviheie to establish freedom and escape tyianny They landed in a wilderness They ^^ele often cold and hungry They seldom became iich, but they kept the faith They built the homes and cleared the lands They fought the wais of the past, just as they are fighting this wai The little guys weie pioud and stiong and confident of the futuie, and the gleat land in which we live today is then gift to us the little guys of the Jjresent All of this countiy is a monument to the little guy All of oui industiies, oui farms, oui homes 0111 ipsources—the little guy did the \^oh^ They went into the oil fields and hi ought out the black gold They dug in the earth and ga\e us OUI coal and metals A few became famous, hut the millions lemamed unknown They woiked and died m obscuiity but this pountiy is an eAei lasting monument to then deathless spiiit which Ines on This IS the ideal we Americans must always keep in mind Ameiica must be a place wheie the little guv is king Fiee enteipiise is the little gin’s kind of enteiprise He can go into any business that he likes and lick the competition to a fiazzle if he is able to The government belongs to him, he does not belong to the go\einment The little guy made America, and today he is perpetuating America —Daily Athenaeum Winning The Peace Gustav Stolper, consulting economist of New York citj, lecently advanced to Los Angeles bankeis the theory that wai, which is in itself destructive, “cieates wealth because it creates additional economic capacity which later can be tiansfeiied to making goods in pe^ce time ” Whethei or not this is line, it lends to the wai on unexpected sense of optimism Infla tion of cuirency can be one of the gieatest bugbears of postwar America, and a means of preventing this inflation should be caiefully inspected bj the public as a whole and by governmental officials Witness, foi instance, the lesult of Gerihany’s inflation following the first World war In one yeai people diopped as much money into the lagged hat ot a beggar as the entire Rothschild family possessed at any time of their greatest wealth At one time a single egg cost torn milliaids of marks, moje than the whole budget of a countiy of 60 million pci sons Money was , meiely' papei on which meaningless numbeis wcie punted Wealth became lubbish The fantastic inflation by which the Geiman goxcinment iid itself of its postwai oh ligation IS now an old stoiy Yet, it is a story tfat might casih he told again-hv Amciica altei the piescnl wai If the classic lunaway monetaiy inflation is to he pic\ ented m this counti v after the war, Anierica must look to the future with an un bhghted \icw It is an cm! that can only be picyented by the‘-tuoy ol v aitime conditions of the piescnt with the mcw to the postwar pba'ce Vi’e must win tin wai and, as states flien have put it ‘ wc must win the peace that fbljibfvb ” Tnis can be done only he intelligent piepai alion tor that peace, and that pieparation, to be thoiotigh, (Cannot begin too early —Daily Trojan
Merry-eo-rouhh By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen WLB Crisis Due For Showdown; Morse Charges ThaJ 'Men^^>ers Disposal Of Labor C^Ses \y ASHING TON Apiil 21—This is a momentous week foi the Wai Laboi Boaid It s been kept undei covci but this key w'ai a-,ency IS m the thioes of a sciious internal clash which is due foi a showdown any day now The lesult may be an explosion that m11 blow the lid off * The issue IS ovei the chaige that ceitain employe! membois of the Boaid aie delibeiately stalling dispo sal of majoi laboi cases affecting wai pioduction Piecipitatoi of the showdown is Dean Wayne Moise of Oie^on Univeibity law school t-^o fisted, plain talking public lepiesentative on the Boaid Principal taiget of Moise s file is Waltei C Teagle, tall, bulky chan man of the boaid of Standard Oil of New Jeisey and an employti membei of WLB The long smouldering controversy came to a head some days ago in connection with the Inter national Harvester case This case had been pending for nearly a year Finally Morse demanded that the WLB lender a decision, threatening to resign and issue a statement bluntly telling why he quit unless the Board acted Under this challenge the Boaid got down to business After most of a day of dickeiing, Teagle finally proposed that the matter be held over the following week end on the possibility that a split decision could be averted This was agreed to During that week end most of the emplover members of the WLB had a secret pow wow at which lhe\ debated what stand to take on ‘ union security ” the basic issue involved in the Harvest er and a number of other pending mayor cases Paiticipants in this conference later told other WLB members that an agreement on the com promise union membei ship maintenance’ for mula could have been reached but for Teagle It was stated that the oilman vigoiously obiected to accepting this pioposal and blocked an accoid ^ When the WLB lesumed dehbeiations on the Hai vestei case Teagle igain pioposed a delay He uiged that the eontioveisy be letuined to the complaining union and the company foi anothei attempt at nego
tiation
0 The Showdown Moise blew up at the Teagle pi in ind waded in with both fists liy ing He bluntly accused the oilman and his employ ei is soeiatcs ol dilatoiy tactic'^ that weie liampoim the wai effoit Moise concluded by eha ging them \ ith ictin„ not as impaitial aibitcis but as manigemont
igenL
Ihe oielnng blast drew indignant protects Irom riajle ind George Mead picvident of the Meade Pa, ei to Iluy cortended that then func tioiiwd to itpiesenl management Moisesieph to this ligament was to quote a staicmeut made by another managemenl membei Kogii Lapham piesident of the tmeiiean Haw aiian Steamship Co that the M I B w as the Supreme Court ot w ai labor problems It was my undei standing that we all agieed V ith that saulMoist Now v < u tell me that y on iient judicially mmded arbiters but special I leaders If tint s the wav this Board is to oper ate then v on can count me out Moise had his w ly The Boaid issued a union mem be 1 ship nn nteannec decision by a split vote ol 8 to 1—the tom pul 1 e and foui laboi membeis making the m gouty ind rcagle and the thiec othei employei membeis the disseiting minoi it\ But this chdn t end the matte 1 His dandei up Mens demaii led in immediate howdown on the eoi tei tien that Teagk s gioap si oulel op i itc as emnlcyei spal c men lets have it out once and for all Morse de elaied just what out policy is going to be — whethei we sit as a ludieial body oi as groups rep lesentmg sp/^ciat interests That goes for labor as w ell a management I m not interested in rep resenting any spatial group here I believe we should all act as representatives of the govern ment of the United States and decide cases soltly on the facts as prest nted to us Comm on the heels of the excitement ovei the \ ( u old Hiiyestei ea c this biieknuelle eh illenge was too much foi the othei Bond membeis to tackle Pleading foi time to think the mittoi ovei Mead pie vailed cn Moise to postpone action on liis dcmind uii til this week Whit iiappens next is my body s uess • Upset Champ rjimei he uy weight champ Gene Tunney is the N ivys ithletie diieetoi but on the basis of an inei dent that occuiied the othci d ly it looks as it he could do wuh 1 little mole pemonal pi letiee ol whit hi pi caches 1 a iney i n t telliji) it but he was ilmo t llooied liy ^l elic idintHeniy Wallace old< i ind much slmhtci built thill the d ip))ci ex iiii/e tmhtei It \ "s uJ in till ind haiipened yyhile the two mei we e pi sing ii i iiietluc in Wallaces office The cus (omaiv h uid si ikiii„ pose didii t sati ly the photog
1 aphei
I et s oCt 'ome a< lion into this he uigtd In un e'lort to eoopeiate M allaee asked luimey Hive you evii tiled hand wiestling' M h,*( s that denmudtd the toimei champ Oh we used to do it all the time when I was a voungstei in Iowa said Wallace V ou stand toe to tie clasp hands and tiv to pull the other tel/ 1 iw ovei Here lei me sfiow you Tl ( next thiim 1 iiiii ey 1 nev h was s)nniiing 1 ead Ion ^uoss the llooi in Ihi eli eetion ol a gi indfathoi s clock lie )iist misse 1 till clock and ietehed up agaii t a t ibil which ii s labbed to legain his balai ee Giiniiin sheepishly he said I thought wi weie 111 t going to po ( th it w ly I didn I 1 now yon me uit bu mess Im ixteimly iiy i))ologi/ed Ua'luc \ ho lecjis II tip phy leal turn )iy pitying fciini tvciy 11101 nin nid walking to weak '\ouie Sony Mi \ lei Piosulenl' ixclaimid tlic eimei iman Si\ I iu t missed one ol the best ine tu ( s (1 in life 1 h it \ oui I h n e In cn i sens il on ((opyimlit Pil2 by I mil d J i itui e Syndieitc liie )
GRIN
“If this outfit don’t scare the boss into giving me a raise, nothing will
University Calendar Wednesday, April 22
0 00 A M -National Mclei Confeicncc 1 00 PM—National Mctei Confeienee Luncheon 4 00 PM —Student Houbuig Committee b 00 P M —Women Faculty Dinner 7 30 P M —Scabbaul and Blade Meeting 7 30 P M —Tail Beta Pi Meeting
Room 363 Union Rooms 332 and 331 Union Room 261 Union East Faculty Lounge Union Towci Union East Reception Room Union
UL Pic
a(^vie
lit X tc- Ih f 1 i 1 t I I ) t i 1 tl Fvp 1 ent ol L 111 VRF \OU GlILlJi ’ Tie d ie , un the ok! sci 111 11 n ti 1 ihi ns ka bee ineac''eil aid lepie idled eus ed i d di eusscii toil! to pieces ai d put logethei igain but iieveitne kss it las actually been obseiyed ly Puielies best tiieiids the stu de its Ol ee again in infiingement ot one of oui oldest tiacutioiis now a lule that of No snokin^ on the eimpub his been noticed
Dean MatS'hews Speaks Afr Convention Today Dg 111 Maiv I Matthoyys ot the School of Hi me I e momies will be 1 featuied spealei thi- alteinoon at the 31 t Annual Ccnyenticn ot the Indiana Coiigioss ot Paients ind Teacheis in Indianapolis She will eoiiduft a panel eliseus Sion on M iitime Economics and how the home can b st sgive Dean Mitthiws will he issisted in thi elisi u ^1011 hyi Mis C 0 Lee ot West Latavetue uid Piofe^'sois Rul y Claike and Muiou Willoiighhv ot the Home Lcoiiomies ^taff riieii subicclb yvill be Mai iiig Oui 1 ui 111 lungs Do Whit Can We Sub stilutc' iiid One Dicbfa Will Do
Today On WBAA WEDNESDAY 0 66 News 10 10 The Cuiio Man 10 15 Morning Milodies 10 16 Theatie ot Song 10 66 Neyvs 11 00 ‘ Ncwspapei and Mag^izmc Ai tide Wilting yy ith Pi of J H McKee 11 60 Puiduc News 11 65 News 12 00 Agiicnltmal Foium 12 30 Meet the band 12 65 News 1 00 ‘Piincipleb of Sociology With Plot 1 K Noss 1 45 Maikctb 1 56 Neyvs 2 00 Stoiy a Day 2 15 Ton Cant Do Business with Hitlei 2 30 Mis C W Hemmei—pianist 2 65 News 3 00 Music 3 15 June Ellei—pianist 3 30 Oigan Moods 3 65 Neyvs 1 00 Tea Time Tunes 4 30 Joanne Lloyd—pianist 4 45 The Cuiio Man 4 50 Music 4 55 News 5 00 Radio Class Pioduction 5 30 Vespeis 5 46 Little Miss Muffett 5 65 News 6 00 Diniiei Houi 6 30 Spoits Review 6 46 Music ( 55 News 7 00 Symphony Hall 7 5a Neyvs 8 00 What s Alt To Me'' 8 15 Ruth Ralston—singei ^ 8 >0 liom the Piess Box yvith Stew Wollc 8 15 Eventide Echoes 8 55 News 9 00 Musiean i 9 55 Neyvs 10 05 Off the An
3.93 o • • If'CJ 1-
Peiliaps the lecei t lebuiklmg ot _ . , . i i » » •» the outei edge ol that noith e im Pfll Lafll003 UDSf/OH
pus IS icspon&ible foi Hu tacts is they exist Pei haps the bout d u le of the eampab piopei iie not un del stood bv some oi the stuck ii body But to use a lathei tiite ex pies'ion A eh un is lo stiongt.i
th ui its weake t length
Siel ided ind hiikltn tiom the eye of Hu majo ity of sti dents H back dou of tru Ph sic b iildii offeis 111 iileil loc ition (oi Hiost who w lit to taki a di i,, oi iv o between cl i ses It so hippens that the campus at least that pait which moling his hieii ti iihtion illy toi bidden extends iioitli ti Stunt Eield
11 itioual Clumistl y He 11 i uy annouiucs the initi ition of the t 1 kwing mem! is B T Ad ini H Bang W A Boniiei y\ H Goetz C H Hansen D 0 Hem il sen A W Ilubeit II M Mill ill H A Nish I D btiil W 3 Tiayloi h J Vi 111 R H Pitkciiei ^ F Pie 0 R Puree R J R i ulebaugh W C Wall ei ind G M Steinbeig
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD I RISK — DENTISTS — 500 404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Main St Lafayette
Theie is no necessity toi i lengthy exhoitalioii of studentb on this subiect The offcndeis knoyv noyv that they aie hi caking both a tiadition and a legulation This is meiely i suggestion loi its obsciv ance to the degiee it was oiiginally intended
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Qualify BAKERY
]personnel Notes COMP tNlLS bt HLDl 111) 10 \lbll C \MPLb — L S Rubbei ( o Mi iiw d ii di in i Apul 22 Bell Aiieraft (oipoation Ijiil 1 do N 5 Apiil 2 J an I 24 R( V Ml^ (o Camden N I — lunioi mil G idu ili J leeli ic d iiid Mechanical 1 iigiiu is 1 ji immcr employment Si,^ii ii Pc omel Ot fue In f 11(1 u Ai i il 2 i Rittei to lue Roilicsei \ 5 Ml 11 t li I St n 111 I ( I 111 Offic by 1 hui liy \|iil Oliver ! atm Equipment ( o B, t He t eel Muh M I fsi n i R onnel Ofliee by M >iula\ z\.piil 27 Ijbiaiul Ross Bros A iloiilgon ei) (Cl 11 lied Pul lie \e o lit ml ) i OL v'oi il 111 C on I „ T I u d i A|u il 2 Wilts to e Lii o w tl a 111 )oi 11 eeuiii t UK \ Ni^ii m Pe III e 1 Ollii I y i W 1 u
(1 ly A pi il 2
Liujii Oil Complin of ( ihloiiua I os Angel fi ( ilUoinii Juiiu M I uid f li L who might be goiiu to Hu coast toi the smnnui mil y oulil file yyoik in one of tin a le t nt iiei bign in P i oi n 1 Of i I \ 3 ue i \i I il
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS llnivcrsily Hook Store
NOW SHOWING TWO SM^SH HITS it'5 lire
PLUS
The joint » jumpin V/ith Jivc end joy’ “SING YOUR WORRITS AWAY" VZitb Bgif L->!ir jiiie Havoc Pitoy Ks'l/ Alvino key Orc*i,.5'n -lid the King Sist,.i-
Less than two weeks to go—and then it all staits oyei oi 6lsrf they give us a gun As usual, Pyis and lings aie flying fast thes^spring d lys Eoimei Union shot Bill Huls leeeived an affiimative answer to the etei nal question from Chi 0 Barb 1 ellovvs Alt Olsen of the Delt sheltei pinned Theta Jane Nelson while sHtci KAT Grerry O’Neill retained fealty Saxton’s jewelry —latio— Rumoi has it that a humor magazine will appear on the campus before the semester ends, which would tend to make its publication date sometime next week Puidue, which IS one of the few schools in the countiy without one, always has needed such a magazine —1 atio— Kappa Sig alum Ed Molzahn and Maxine Wilson will wed May 10th C B Parrish of the P E school (long may it live) has finally passed hib Phi Gun badge on to Kappa Betty Lu Kiiidup Other pinnmgs include Pi K A Knobby Walsh and Maria Keene, Ralph Olsen and Kappa Carolyn English There’s still plenty of room foi dut in the Exponent box it the Union West Desk PATRONIZE EXPONEN’T ADVERTISERS
DEFENSE BUY A SHARE IN AMERICA The new United States Defense Savings Bonds and Stamps give all of us a y\ay to take a duect part in building tne defenses of our counti y. This IS the Amcijcan way to piovide the billions needed so urgently for National DefcnsCv 1 United States ^ DEFENSE SAVINGS BONDS and STAMPS' '
‘'4
Wednesday^ April 22^ 1942
Boitermaker Imports
Pages
EKamondmen Face Irish, Wolves In Weekend Tilts With three games in as many days facing Coach Dutch Fehbaseball squad, including a pair with Michigan’s Big Ten title defenders, the Riveter nine faces one of its most strenlioUs assignments of the season. The Boilermakers take to the
road Thursday for a tilt with . Notre Dame and then jump to Ann
aj'JSata.lt 'Tennis Results Strain On Staff Coach Larry LaBree’s Riveter ^ this rapid fire schedule will place Tennis team yesterday afternoon a severe strain on the Boilermaker whitevrashed Ball State by a score pitching: staff, but Coach Fehiing of 7 to 0, The Boilermakers’ comis hopeful that Dd Missellioj-n may Plete ,supr.emacy was shown by the be able to carry the load against fact fhat only one set was lost and Notre Dame and has slated’ Walter that 'being in the final match. Leifheit for t^e mound duties Singles matches: .Liiclit (P) deagainst Michigan on Friday and feated Pettersop (BS) ^8-6, 6-4; Paul Petrich on Saturday. < Armstrong ('P) ^efeate^ Bernstein Same Lineup. (BS) 6-3, 6-1; Stettner (P) defeatFehripg plans to start the same ed Carmichael (BS) 7-,5, 6-1; Wells lineup that has won six out of ten (P) defeated Giipin (BS) 6-2, 6-1; starts thus far this season, al- Dudzinski (P) defeated Sample
thopgji Bob Riley, co-captain elect (BS) 64, 6-3.
of the basketballtpm, who has been Doubles matches: Lucht and kept out of action by a finger in- y^reHs (P) defeated Carmichael and jury may take over first base Petters'on (BS) 7-S, 6-4; Stettner against left hand pitching, in place and Armstrong (P) ^defeated Gilof Bur’ghardt. Carson may leplace and Bernstein (BS) 4-6, 6-2,
Hipp, at right field. Both Hipp and 6.4.
Biirghardt are left handed hitters, ______________________
and Fehring hope sto use all right
handed batters against Michigan’s the same a,s that which defeated the southpaw, Mickey Fishman. Riveters 12-3 on the local diamond, ii'irs't For WoWes in the season’s curtain raiser. The With the contest at Ann Arbor Irish, lecently swamped by an alert ^Wfiay slated as the first confer- Iowa nine in a twin-bill at South enCe game for the Wolveiines, Bend, have been attempting to Coach Ray Fisher has been shift- sti engthen theix squad for the coming infielders to obtain added hit- ing contest. The Hawkeyes’ victory ting power for the Big Ten title de- over the Notre Dame niiip in the fense. With a record of two wins two game series was made entirely and a loss in non-conference games with second string pitchers so far this season, the conference To date, the Rivetgr avei age champs expect to begin their vie- stands at one won and one lost m tory campaign with an initial win the Big Ten pennant race. The squad ovef the Boilermaker squad. opened its conference campaign by Notre Dame’s lineup Thursday, splitting a two game senes with at South Bend, will be practically Illinois last weekend.
Strong Rhinie Squad Yesterday afternoon just for a change, we decided to watch th^ freshmen go through their daily woikouts. They really have a strong outfit this year—no kidding, if there were a Big Ten freshman meet, the^ Riveters could win it hands down. Already four indoor records have been shattered by this up and coming'aggregatioii. State H. S. Champ , One of the finest looking piospects is Roy Pearson, state High School champ for the last two years in the 440 yard dash. Several weeks ago Roy Sliced a full second off of the old freshman record of 51.2 seconds in this his favoiite event. Before the opening^ of the track season, Roy took time enough from his Engineering studies to play on Dutch Fehring’s basketball squad. Another Gutting ✓ Anothei Rhinie destined to make quite a name for himself is Paul Guttinj^of the Shelbyville Guttings. Several years ago Paul’s older brother, Steve, did a lot of hurdling for the Boilermakers—in fact he cracked both the high and low barrier records, both of which still stand. However young Paul looks like a cinch to take at least one of these since he has already come within three tenths of a second of Paul’s record in the 60 yaid highs. '' High Jumpers Two high jumpers of varsity caliber have shown up brilliantly in the Freshmen ranks during the early pai t of the season. Tom Brown, of last year’s state champion North Side of Foi't ’Wayne team, cleared the bar at 6 feet 2 and one eighth inches for a new indoor record. Brebner, another fiist year man, has reached 6’ 2” unofficially several times. Dick Scores Again After talking with Dick Papenguth last night, we wqre convinced that this year’s annual Galacade, scheduled for May 1 in connection with the Gala Week activities, will be the best ever. Papenguth, the master showman, has leally come through in all of his Acquades and Galacades in the past, so this should be no exception. Frosh-Varsity Highlighting this year’.s performance will be the frosh-varsity struggle. Just to be different, Dick is going to throw in several large fish— some weighing as much as 10 pounds and ranging from 10 to -15 inches m length—into the pool and will award the tiophy to the team catching the greater number.
I^urnham Splits Varsi^ Squad For Final Drifts Heading into the final stage.s of an effective spring di^ll jS€»sion that has been devoted to installing the new type of punt offense with which the Boilermakers will blossom ifoiltli
As one of the highlights of next fall. Head Coach Burnham has tentatively divided bis onGala Week, Coach Dick Papen- thusiastic gridiron candidates into two groups.
■ In order to be prepared for a
Frosh-Varsity Struggle Tops Galacade BUI
By Ad Scheid
^uth of the Boilermaker swimming team, is planning a new and novel Galacade, to be held in the Fieldho’ise pool Friday, May 1. Coach Papenguth guarantees that this year’s show, an annual affair, will surpass any former efforts along this
line.
Features Comedy Acts
Golfen Seek Initial Win in Conference Match At Ohio State
double schedule, a varsity card of ten major games that opens a^^st Fordham’s Sugar Bowl champions here on Sept. 26, and'a “'B” tCMn schedule that will make it posidble to carry out Burnhan»'s po!i<^,of “football for all,” the Boilermaker mentor has literally split his sqoad down the middle for the final week of spring drills. In making the di-
Defeated by the strong Notre vision, Buimham emphasized the
Instead of the usual roster of Dame and Northwestern teams in fact that the present alignment of championship races, this year’s opening meets, a four man Boil- candidates is anything but definite, Galacade will feature several com- armaker golf squad will invade and that frequent shifts between fcdy and novelty acts similar to those Columbus for a Big Ten engagement groups will be made next fall as seen in.the Aquacade a few months ^ilh Ohio State on Saturday. Coach candidates develop, ago. The annual frosh - varsity Harry Allspaw will probably use Expected to form the nucleqs of trophy struggle is planned to be the veterans Wade Knipp, George Dahl, the varsity squad that will facen^t
and Roger Schutt in the contest fall’s strenuous intercollegiate card, against the Ohioans. Buniham has named an “A”^ grmip Coach Allspaw has yet to decide of 42 players, while the “B” conwhether Fred Kroft, Dave Dittmer, tingent includes another group of or Doug McDaniel, three equally approximately 45 players, qualified seniors, will complete the Despite the fact that players, who
Ui iisn—yes, live nsn squad. All were notables put in more than half of the time on running from 10 to 12 inches in squad last season, the gi-idiron for the Boilermakers length and weighing close to 10 Logansport, prominent in last fall have been lost by graduapounds. The underwater lights will season, is tion or to the armed services, Bumbe turned on and the.two teams will competing for the first time this ham’s “A” group still cpntains jl6 dive after these denizons of the deep lettermen, and is expected, to
in an effort to out-catch each other.
highlight of the program.
Fish For Trophy
Both freshman and varsity teams actually going to fish for the trophy this year. Coach Papenguth plans to have the pool stocked with a large supply of fish—yes, live fish
Lose To Wildcats be reinfoi’ced next fall by four other Allspaw’s linksmen ended up on major lettermen who were not a.yailthe short side of a 14% to 9% score able for spring practice, including Monday, in a contest with a tough Tony Berto, Walter Cook, and Bob
recent Aquacade, will definitely
o a narf nf fha Lafayette Country Club course. King, end. Schutt, Dahl, and McDaniels saved The present makeup of the varthe Boilermakers from too disaster- sity “A” gi’oup, by positions, fol-
ous a defeat by winning three out lows:
Because of the many requests to see the number over again, the Flipper Ballet, a highlight of the
PAUL'S PLACE BEEF STEAK — BEEF-BARB-Q HOME MADE CHILI PORK TENDERLOIN FURNAS ICE CREAM Phone 2645 216 W. Columbia St. We Deliver
make up a part of the program. Both boys and girls partake in this
act. , Heirke To Race
One of the few races on the bill will be a heat in the 200 yard breaststroke in which freshman Roy Heidke will attempt to again break
Lights On
In 01 del that the spectatois may .see this great battle to the best of their advantage, all the lights in the pool will be turned on while those m the balcony will be put out. Gloves, nets, baskets, fish hooks and what liave you will probablj be used in this annual grudge fight.
~ ~ ~ This show promises to -be one of Buy Defense Bonds And Stamps pf * guth thus far.
of five of the afternoon matches
IM Schedules The following teams will play
the lecoid for that event. It will baseball Wednesday evening at 4:
be a handicap race against two Diamond
other freshmen.
i
Gimlet Club
. . . athletic booster honorary elected the following officers after initiation at the Sigma Phi Epsilon house last night: president, Jim Fraser; vice president, Dave Lodge; and secretary - treasurer, Harvie Merrill.
1 Phi Kappa Psi vs. Alpha Chi
Rho.
2 Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Kap- Peter J)eMaria^ Glensid^
pa.
3 Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Beta Theta Pi. . 4 Kappa Delta Rho vs. Kappa Sig-
ma.
5 Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon 6 Theta Xi vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 7 Ward 27 vs. Ward 33. 8 Ward 21 vs. Ward 23. 9 Ward 5 vs. Ward 28. 10 Ward 25 vs. Ward 32.
GOOD LIGHTING Can perform this miracle
YOU'LL LIKE OUR SERVICE
Enjoy a lunch that’s outstandingly good from start to finish.
Deliciously fresh, deliciously prepared, appetizingly served.
Good lighting helps workers see faster and more accurately. good lighting helps save time and energy^-,:* good lighting helps cut down spoilage and accidents. We are.told.that presently five million men will be engaged in essential industries. If good lighting increased production only. 3% . it' has in many cases,«, it would add 300 million man-hours - to “ the; wari effort, without adding floor space,^ men' or machines. These extra man-hours could build 43,000 light tanks,' 2400 big bomb-
ers," or.lOO destroyers. And remember.this—workers from industries which are putting good light to work should not go home to poorly lighted surroundings. ..Their eyes need the.comforting effect of good light at home,' too, to protect them against eyestrain and conserve their energies. Find out how your home lighting can be modernized toTbetter seeing” levels by turning off decorative and unneeded lights 5-and ^ concentrating this "saved light” at points of actual use.
Food from tile cafeteria that appeals to the taste of everyone. JhsL fiWvduSL TyUmifimL UnmfL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Public Service Company of Indiana, Inc.
CENTERS —Otto Hurrie, Indianapolis; Alex Leugo, CBica^, 111.; Bill Newell, Stafford, £^5.-;
Frank Ruggieri, South Bend; Herbert Seidell, Indianapolis; Warner
VanAken, Coldwater, Mich. GUARDS—Odd Anderson, Evan-
ston, 111.; Richard Barwegen, Chi-
cago, 111.; Cecil Davids Hanun^d;
Pa.; Wh-
liam Powers, Chicago, HI.; Donald Schramski, South Bend; Carl Vdk-
man, Hammond.
TACKLES—R a 1 p h Clymcr, Peru; Barry French, Sioux Falls, S. Dak.; Arnold Harmsen, Appleton, Wis.; Eugene Matrewitz, Westchester, 111.; Ewell O’Bryan, Terre Haute; Raymond Stoelting, Indianapolis; Bruce Warren, Kalamazoo,
Mich.
ENDS—William Blanks, Mahopac, N. Y.; William Fencl, Chkafp, 111.; Charles Harris, South Bend; Norman Maloney, Oak Park, HI.; Forrest McCaffry, Evansville; Vl^illiam O’Biien, Lowell; William Shimer, Southport; Fred Smerke, Ft. Worth, Tex. QUARTERBACKS — Andrew Berkley, Dayton, Ky.; Ed Cycenas, Chicago, IR.; Robert Hajzyk, South Bend; Vincent Snyder, MassOlon,
Ohio.
HALFBACKS—Paul Anderson, Struthers, Ohio; ‘’John Andretiei, Chicago, 111.; Robert Bachman, I^Porte; William Buffington, Peru; Francis Meakim, Chicago, 111.; Kenneth Smock, Indianapolis; Henry Stram, Gary. FULLBACKS—Charles Close, Fort Wayne; Harold Schumacher;, Chicago, 111.; Joseph Winkler, Ham-
mond.
Round Robin
. . . handicap billiard tournament was completed last night and o^ of an entry list of twenty-four, |i. M- Golonka, R. F. Parker, and Jolg^ Marr won first, second, and third places respectively.
All Fraternities are to report for Horshoe Doubles Wednesday aftmrnoon at 4:15. I PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS!
teVE MONEY! U« VAPOd • Vapoo makes choirs, sofas, ll; mgs radiant as when you bom|hc them! Vapoo is quick! Easy! Can't s harm fabrics, t ox. eait cUam K t/mirs Of luo 9 .v 12 rugs. Qft ' Vapoo at dept., drug, or hecdf ' u are stores and sham- ' - poo} our whole house! ' ^ ^ or. tan, 60 7 oi. « can, $1.00,- 15 or. can, ^ St. 30.
REIFER'S
Phone 4091
839 Mate St.IP ^ if K
%^ip‘'y''.;; “‘ 3S4« i
Purdue Exponent '
Wednesday, April 22, 194^
«c«i
pkmmUti
Hass, Barney Develop Substitute For Menthol
Gala Week
Bj Carl A^otik Quite possibly you don't know what menthol is except that it is used as an ingi cdient in the pi epa■ration of a iiunibei of comnieicial reliefs foi colds and othei nutations, as yell as main othei items, including tieated cigaiettes candies, denti ifices, and shaving creams But now you can add anothci definition to menthol—it’s one of those things foi which wo no longer have to depend on Japan foi out supply Menthol Prices Soar Prioi to Peail Haiboi, oui souice of menthol was Japan Oul countiy made such a gieat use of this pioduct that ovei 500,000 pounds of it tveie iinpoitcd annually Fonneilv Japan’s policy was to let oui toun trj ha^e the compound foi such a pi ICC that the menthol sold heie foi three ol foui dollais a pound But, now, because of the wai, that souicc IS cut olf This fact caused the puce to soai to foul teen clollais pei pound Howeici, the situation is now well in hand—a souice of a plentiful supply has been developed The de velopinent of this souice can be attiibuted chieflv to the eftoits of peo pie diicctly connected with the Uni lersitj The solution to the pioblem
was made possible by the establishment ot a loiiit fellowship with the Puidue Reseaich roundation by the Blown and Williamson Tobacco Co and the Vick Chemical Co The leseaich, piovided foi In this lellowship, was earned on htie on the campus and handled by A L Baiiiey, leseaich fellow, and Di H B Hass, head of the Chemistiy Depaitnient Chemists the woild ovci had stiivcd foi nioie than sixty leais to solve the pioblem on which these men woiked but in the shoit space of ten months these men submitted a sample which passed inspection Process Highly Technical The piocess is natuially highly technical, but siiiiph, it staits with 1 deiivative of coal tai and winds up pioducing menthol which is oven bettci than anything the Japanese even diearned of selling us And so menthol is added to the glowing list of pioducts which weie foiineih made availabli to the peo pie of this countiy only b\ iinpoita tioii fioin foieign shoies Heie is an othei example of the ingenuity of the Ameiican scientist who is fui ni'-hing OUI people with the neccs bities and luxuiies ol life duiiiig these time? of w ai
Isabelle Diehl Leaves BanCfUet
For Forf Jackson
Mi^s Isabelle Diehl of the home economics school has left foi active duty yvith the Johns Hopkins base hospital unit at Ft Jackson S C Miss Diehl was an instiuctoi in nursing and a nurse in the nuiseiy sehool before leav ing the University Several months ago she voluntecied for aiiny^ sei-vice and leeeived a call last Friday to lepoit at once v\ith the rank of a second lieutenant Miss Diehl w'as lust completing hei see oncl year on the Univ^eisity staff Woman's Gym To Hold Latt Mixed Recreation Last mixed lecieation of the se mestci will be held this Friday eve ning from 7 oO 10 at the V omen s gym Syymiming will be the main featuiD of the evening Theie will also be volley'ball badminton ping pong and shuffleboaicl Dancing will
be from 9 to 10
This suniiiiei mixed leci cation will be continued with games on the gioen noith of the Fieldhouse Kenneth Wilson speech instiuctoi and faculty sponsor of Caiv Hall East will le port foi duty on May 4 at Psycho logical Reseaich Station NJumbei a part of the Ainij Coip at Santa
Anna, California
Dr. A. A. Smith of the Division of Education and Applied Psy'chology, spoke le cently on “Some Golden ICeys foi Modern Youth” at the high sehool commencement in Reynolds
KEEP YOUR HOME
NEAT AND ATTRACTIVE WITH
ACE PAINTS
FIXTURES — HARDWARE John Sperb Hdwe.
822-24 Mam St
(Continued fiont page 1) low race, and that absolutely' stable goveininents will be necessary Hanley then answered yvhat he thought yy as the foieinost quesiion in the minds ol the cnginecis iii school today'—‘ \y hat shall I do'” He advised them not to be stain peded” and to think oveiything out well He wainecl them against en listing, saying that thev can be of much more value to then countiy 111 some other wav than sen ing as a pi IV ate in the aiiiiy He cited as an example the pie dicainent which Fngland was in dining the last war when most ot hei educated young men enlisted in the ainiy and died on the battle fields He told the audience that this countiy IS and soon would be even 11101 e so in need ol technically ti allied men and that the lesponsi bility icstecl with them to supply the countiy' with this need In closing, Hanley ulviscd his audience to do then pait in seeing that piivate entcipiises aie kciit and that the goveinment is ^up ported by the people instead ol the people making the goyeinniciit sup poit them Dr. J, Roy Leevy of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology, recently adcliessed the adult education gioup of Gaiy College on Education and Living in a Modem World ”
(Continued fiom page 1) piogiam Tiiday foi eaily airivals The annual “P” Men’s dinnei, an athletic carnival, and an aquacade yvill be featuied in the eyening The Alumni Banquet, honoiing Janies W Noel, ot Indianapolis, tiustee of the Univeisity since 1917 and niembei of the 1892 class, and W'aid Lambeit, who has finished 26 y'eais as head basketball coach, will be featuied on Saturday In iddition, a poitiait of the late Caioly'n W’ Shoemakci, foimei dean of yvomen, will be presented to the University, the traditional class parade yvill be preceded by a 73-gun salute 111 obseivance of the school’s 73id biithday, and another Puidue Ohio State game, a varsity frosh football game, a Puidue Michigan golf match, a special conceit by Puidue Musical Oigani/ations, and the senioi-alumni dance will seive to enteitain the visitois Reunions Sunday Sunday will be given ovci to class leumons, piesentatioii of class anniveisaiy eeitificates, special bioadeasts and opiii house in the W'BAA studios, the coniineneenient piogiam, and an exhibition at the aiipoit by Mike Muiphy, stunt flyei, on “What Shouldn’t Be Done With An All plane ” Dr. Menger Will Speak At AASW Open Meeting Ameiiean Association of Scientific W'oikcis will heal Di Kail Mengei head of the iiiatheniaties (Icpaitiiicnt at the Univeisity ot Notie Dame, at an open nieehig to lie held tomoiioyv evening at 7 30 111 loom 103 of the Phy'sics Build
mg
Di Mciigei will discuss ‘ Modem Tieiids 111 Mathematics ” The lee tuic IS open to staff nieiiibeis, stu dents and others inteiestecl in mathematics
Chem, Mets To Hold Banquet* Tomorrow Tomoi tow night at 6 30 the Chem and Met seniois and the faculty will hold then last banquet of the yeai in the Union Faculty Lounge The banquet will cost 75 cents, and theie will be a fiee party afterwards This IS the last time for the seniois to get together yvith the fae
ulty
Union Picnic foi both old and new board membeis will be held next Sunday Members and then dates who plan to attend should contact the Union offiee not later than tonioiiow
WanUcI Cu 1 I i h us V. t rk in \ch \n tulHK Miy 1 Thu Dll Fh IK lUi
Will min wh Ittt tUa/ x Situulw ilh w r np: \ ^nb rdnu to] to it pU is tuin il to DI i/i) t \ch inttt loi lus oii n Tbe Quickest, Surest Way YOU Can Help Win This
I War
Everything for a CoUege Education DEAC’S
)Buy iOefenseBONOS-STAMFS Now!
THE EATING HOUSE COMPLETE KAMPUS KITCHEN
[ Tempting Meats for Spring Menus [ The finest quality meats to make I your meals successful. City Meat and Poultry
Ferry Street (0pp. Post Office)
Phone 5372
New under-arm Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiration
Sotilhicoi ill's
1 Uotb not lot tirtssts oi intn s s.hirt8 Dots not irritjtt skin 2 No ■vijninj, to Jrt Cjn be used rtglit jftcr slut ing ' liutjntit sti p n pirat on for I to 1 diis Kcm nts odor from ptr spir jiioii 4 A pure wlitt giijstkss stjinkss t JiiisUing ti iJin J Arnd Ins bttn irdtd tlit Ap protjl bed >f il t ymti lan In i title of I jundcung foi bung harniltss t j f jbi ics Arrid w th« LARGEST SELLING DEODORANT Try a jar today'
3fc
ARRID ■ jur At nil nelluie tvilel eoudi (Hint) ip IVc and SDi jarH)
Collie a riiiiiiin’ eSTUDENTR! We need all your
USED BOOKS and with Spring here you Ilia} need our MONEY.
I'UBflMt BHOt & SBrni SIflIll
308-10 STATE ST, WEST LAFAYETTE, IND Satilhwot ill’s
Notices
Phi Lainhdn Upmlon Lhrtion of olTiccis Thursday A| nl li at 1 10 p m in room 12) of the Chem Annex
MONIOOMI K\
loll Beta Pi 1 liction of oiriccrs Wednes In Apul 22 it 7 30 pm in tlu Fast Reception I oungi of tin Unu n Ui fresh ments will be stivcd and bron/t b nts will be I iM n to Bcmors MUNGLK Sophomore Military Sliidcnls Ml s i h ) morts who e ninus ipp ai on tlu li t i f {{h jst accepted f i tlu adv in e i lUst must Mij-,!! contrnetH in flu man offir if tlu Ai moiv pnoi to Ai ril 2j RIORUAN Marriage Course Miitiiu Wtlmsl \ Apiil 22 in room 202 ef Hiavilon Hill it I d) Iti ni ill jn puturts no n(U‘' Urn 1 tpera mubt be in by April 25
WU K1 NING
AH Sfudenis II st nfei st I i i tilin^ Si Irish i (bnci* Spam h) this summ r 1 lease till m it MIU hefju Ajiil 2 Coiirsi imludts studv ol tiiu i alunil and piactuT.1 Sp imsh M J (1 ( ^ ir prt requisites SIU I HY Freshman (amp Counsellors lluu will U a meeting of all those who wish to icf a < oiinsc Ilors it Hu Au^u t I reshm n Camp on hndav Al nl 21 at 1 ] m n th Union If you an inteiested and iinmt ittend please cill Sehalhol if 5)0 2 Singe I at 8421 SING! R Aeronautical Inj,incirh AI! sot) om i whost names appe u on the Adv uued Course ROIG cCepted list uul who plan U take Aeionuilical I nginceung (Cmru lum A ) should i port to the Adi it int in tlu main olTice of tlu Ainion without <k lav RIOIIDAN Aff Chem Cluh Outin}.. will I Indav April 21 at I 10 pm Be at A|. Hill foi lule cut WOODWARD Zouaves Iho e wishing t itti nd lUm Widiu dav A) nl ) >,,n li L on senui oidei board in Al n Ol V GRAt
rreahman Military Track ConicstantB Military frnck meet will be hold in the riehlhouse at 4 p m WednoBday April 22 —VANDCRFORD Military Code Students Code certineateH are ready in the instructors room in the Al mory -BURKHART All Military Students There will be no mole Corps Days formation this semester RIORDAN New Gold Peppers Actives Mcetinpr Apiil 21 at 4 p m in the AWS olfiees Bring money for paddles and picnic — SCARFF Alpha Phi Omega Pledge hike 7 pm Saturday Apiil 26 Meet nt WMW steps of the Union SCHALI lOU Tumor Military Students lickets for mihtniy banquet April 28 will be distnbu ted m gunnelV classes this week Ihose dc suing to attend who did not sign first list may pui chase them for cash GRAI All Male Students All students who have completed the Adv met Gour‘'e ROTC or will complete tlu Advanced Course ROIC bv May 3 see import ml notices on 2nd fiooi Aimoiv Bulletin boards RIORDAN Scabbard and Blade Meeting his hem (hanged to Ihursdav night Apul 2 3 at 20 pm in the Union OfTieirs foi the next two simesteis will be elected All file miteiul and bills should be brought to this meeting in order U t lose the business fti the ve ir Ihis is a st ib meeting AU members will be piesenl SULLIVAN Alpha Phi Omega lot mil mill ition it i m Sun lav April 2( in room 356 tf the Union with the pledges meeting in tlu Swedi'^h lounge Binquet will follow nt 0 p m in lejom o32 of tlu Union SCIIALLIOI Gold Peppers Pie ise i iv your 12 cents foi the pienic this week Th bills mist b l>aid Put the m t v in in envel pc ind place it in tlu WAA mulhox in tlu Mi moual Gvmnasuim if vou cannot find me
I ORD
I uthcran Students J he final meeting f the present sinustii of tlu lutheiin stu ihntb Asboeiition ol America will bo k Id at the him if R v H C St lldi rf ( ’b N th bluet on ‘sund ly evening April ^1 at 30 pm A "hurt biisiniss muting will le f(llowel with g imes ind refresh ments I vervone is uiged Ij attind this m elmg ANTAT Fbing (lull I mill nueUng (f tlu se m stei will be Wednesd i> Apiil 2^ at 30 ) m in lie m 30) ef the Union PI in will be mule for the pnrty to be held Sitiidiv Apul - with the Glide I Cluh Second se me tel d i ii duo b this meeting if lu t ih idv ind Ivejy n i lea e i Ian t( it Leid CROW WAA Tennis Tournament Matches tc I I 11\ d < IT bv Wediusdav April 22 Men /ei 131 lekm in v B 11 Cieh Montuth Cimpbill \s B( llv Miller I afu/e M itches t be pi lyed oil 1\ Indn April 24 Smitl PI lit \s Bridshaw Rad istoil Pidge n be irlf vs B r on V Kendill bCHUBi U Alpha Phi Omega Pledges Soouteis Uilh ehinged t Wednesday Ai nl 20 in lowiei H til It 1 40 pm SCHALLION
All Students] Anyone who wishes to claim any lost articles which have been turned in to the lost anc^ Found depart mtnt in the Student Senate office must do
so on or befoit Wednesday April 22 - —
—THOMAS Thursday nt “7 p m
PAC Important niceting PAC day afternoon nt 4 p m in the Fl^i full attendance necessary —LO
YWCA Cabinet meeting ^n
Alpha /ctn Important meeting Wednesday April 22 in room 306 of the Union Last meeting of semcstci Will discuss plans foi summer lets all be there - DIESLIN Cosmopolitan Club AH whey plan to at tend the annual spring bancfuet and social buy yoiii tickets by tomorrow night I will hive bonie in the I ibrary from B 45 to 8 45 tomonow night Plan to meet at the Hast end of the Union nt 5 30 Saturday for tianspuitutiOn to Lincoln Lodge
KKLLAR
Ag Campus Beat Meeting Thursday Al nl 23 at 4 16 in Lxponent office Please iitlc nd — BUI Z
Westminster Foundation. Tho anAuAl spring picnic will be held oh Suhdiyj AS>fll 26 The group will meet at thtf ohpreh 3 30 p m and hike to Hdppy Hollow Et^Oilryone IS invited to attend A cha^o ot 15c will be made f6r supper —-THOMA Scriveners Iconic Saturday aftipt'poon, April 26 at 4 Meet at picnic groiihda behind stadium or nt west entrance to uhioh Food charge 16 cents Call Marloh Hpwjird
ut 2907 by Friday noon for
Skull and Crescent Actives and
meet nt Phi, Kappa Sigma house . — day April ^2, at 7 16 All pledgcljfth be there Initiation —MENKtB
m
GRIN AND BEAR IT
by Lkhty
Alpha Phi Omega She 11 e. T of I wlv ilecl I ulfK-tis n Apul I m bwedi h I
\ceutivc m t at pm In e inge wrr BUR
“And you’ll need this when you happen to dig up some bait in the gulden ’’
Classified Ads
TypcwnlerH Adding Machines all makes sold rent 1 rtpnrod and purchased Mime □graph worl done C T libei*sholT GOa Mam lafiyettc 1 hone 27''0
t v\ th cling II 1 fib 11 I ind i om in I milv Hill &L
PURDUE MEN WILL BE INTERVIEWED AGAIN...
^ Last year, on 39 different college campuses, men were asked for candid opinions about clothing styles. This poll, conducted by The Saturday Evening Post, is being repeated this year for more than reasons of fashion, It should have important usefulness in the national conservation of cloth and other materials. Manufacturers and retailers want to know exactly what kind of clothing college men Idee best what they find most practical. Government regulations about clothing make it vital to get such facts in advance. Maybe you were one of the 4,179 college men who helped provide the information last yeai. Maybe you also saw the Post Portfolio of College Styles in yom: favorite store when, you bought clothes last fall. It made buying simpler for a good many men. The 2nd Annual Post Poll of College Styles will be made very soon tlirough cooperation of the PURDUE EXPONENT. Results will again be available to you in leading stores tliis fail. When your local reporter asks you for information, your answers will bo appieciated.
THE SATURDAY EVENING POST POLL OF COLLEGE STYLE FOR 1942-43
il