Fisher Requests Room Listing In view of the probable shortage of rooms over the ,weekend, because of the influx of University parents, Dean of Men M. L, Fisher, yesterday requested all persons who have rooms available to list them with the University, by calling either the Memorial Union, 4006, or the Dean of Men’s office, 3001. '
m
tl
le F
* u r <
due
E
X]
pon<
Hit )
VOLUME 49 Lafayette, Indicdia Wed., Oct. 27,1937 NUMBER 38
.
University Plans Varied Entertainment For Dads Numerous forms of entertainment await the thousands of mothers and dads expected to attend the annual Dads’ Day program at the University this Friday and Saturday. Centering about the Boilermakers’ first Big Ten home game, that with Iowa on Saturday afternoon, a full week-end of teas, smokers and a mixer will keep the newcomers busy. A special Dads Day luncheon will also be
Student Directories May Be Obtained In Registrar's Office University directories for the year 1937-38—165 pages of names, addresses and phone numbers, fresh off the presses—are ready for distribution at the'' Kegistrar’s office in the Executive Building. Each student may obtain his copy by presenting his schedule card to a secretary in that office. Copies for members of the University staff may be obtained from the Univer- ‘ sity Editor’s office in the Service and Stores Building. There are 1*6 pages of staff members, while 80 pages are devoted to resident students. Many new houses for both men and women appear in the pages listing such organizations. SUch names as Bivouac, Culture Hall, House of Davis, and Luilii House appear in the group of men’s houses. Among these new houses listed are many Student Cooperative Association homes both for men and women. Physics Department Will Show GE Movie ' Illustrating the industrial applications of physics, the first of a series of motion pictures will be shown today and tomorow evenings in the lecture room of the Physics Building at 7 o’clock. This film, entitled “The Hottest Flame in the World” is a pictorial account of the researches carried out by the General Electric Company on hydrogen welding and allied subjects. The film will be discussed by Dr. Langmuir, director of research for the General Electric Company.
a highlight of Saturday’s schedule. At this luncheon, to be held in the Memorial Union Building, the Men’s Chorus under the direction of A. P. Stewart will entertain the dads and students. Dr. F. B. Enight, head of the newly formed division of applied psychology, will deliver the principal address. Harry Marshall, President of the University Dads’ Club executive committee, will preside and introduce prominent dads and students. Potter Calls Meeting Of Engineering Staff Members of the ^engineering staff will meet tomorrow night at 7:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building, according to an announcement by Dean A. A. Potter, head of the engineering schools. Committee reports will be given by Dr. R. C. Binder, chairman of the committee on food mechanics, and Dr. J. L. Bray, chairman of the comprehensive examinations group. Dr. W. K. Hatt, director of cooperative highway research, will make a progress report on this project. All members of administrative, research, teaching and extension staffs are urged by Dean Potter to be present.
University Directory A limited supply of directories has been received at the Registrar’s office. As long as the supply lasts, each student may obtain one copy by presenting hi^ schedule card. Members of the staff and University offices obtain their copies from the Editor’s office in the Service and Stores Building. Ralph B. Stone. Registrar.
M, E. Senior Finds Trailer Ideal For Low-Cost Living
By K. C. Houston An answer to cheaper living expenses—without neglecting comfort—has been discovered by James Tippy, a senior in the automotive option of the school of mechanical engineering, who transferred here as ^a junior after two years of schooling in Mariop College in his home town, Marion. “I knew that I wouldn’t be able to come to Purdue unless I could think of some way to live much more cheaply, and I just happened to think of the trailer,” said James. His answer to high living costs is a small house-trailer with room enough for two students to live comfortably. Trailer Is Home-Made During the summer of 1935, Jim, with the aid of his father, designed and built the trailer which is now James’ home throughout the school year. It is 14 by 7 feet in size, measured on the inside, and is high enough so that Jim does not have to stoop {Jim stands 6 feet even, in his stocking feet). The wheels are removable (they are off now) and extend ^jp through a trap door in the flooi* when in place. When the wheels are off, the floor space IS uninterrupted by obstructions. A hardwood frame supports the wood-like compositioh covering ma-
terial. There are two walls with a two-inch dead air space in between. The inside of the house-on-wheels is covered with imitation wood wallpaper; the outside is painted. Coal Heated For heating, Jim has a small coal stove. At one end of the trailer IS a kitchen consisting of a cupboard, gasoline pressure stove, and a sink with three water taps. “You bet it’s a good water system,” replied Jim when queried. “It has a tap for hot, ice, and plain water.” A funnel extends outside through the roof for filling the 13-gallon tank on the inside. Water runs from the tank into a heater coil, a coil into the icebox, or directly out the tap; waste water is caught in a paiK under the sink. Jim has electric lights and a radio —one light is an eye-saving lamp for study—all interconnected by strings so that he may turn them on or off easily from any place in the trailer. One string is placed at the side of his bed—which folds into a davenport—so that he can turn ^he lights out after he is in bed. “It’s a lazy man’s lighting system” remarked Jim. Stumbled On Location “When,I came up here in Sep(Continued on page 4)
300 Dads ’ Section Ducats Available At Desk In Union With the closing of the special ticket table in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building last night, 300 tickets in the special Dads’ section for Saturday’s game remained in the hands of Union officials. Anyone still desiring tickets may secure them at the desk this evening between 4 and 6 p. m. They are priced at $2.76 and are on the east side near the 40 yard line. 31 Co-eds Left After Elimination In Lodde Speech Preliminaries Preliminaries for the Lodde Speech Contest were held in University Hall yesterday, starting at 4 o’clock. Prom the group of 160 women who entered the contest, 31 survived the first elimination. These girls will speak again today at 4 o’clock, and the six best will battle for the winner's award in the finals oLthe contest to be held in the Home Economics auditorium, Thursday night at 7:30 p. m. The girls who survived yesterday’s contest are: June Hackleman, Lois Doepel, Helen Hurych, Severely Rice, Jackie Nicholson, Ruth Bennett, Mary Klepper, Mary Ritter, Fran Baker, Jane Briscoe, Lois Jane Ruch, Charlotte Finney, Margaret Sauer, Genevieve Hauser, Frances Ford, Gene Peachin, Thelma Goodman, Joyce Burnham, Yvonne Holden, Louise Peterson, Mary Jean Sefton, Betty Lee Soehuer, Libby Hunter, Louise Edward, Mary Jane Dietrich, Dorothy Eberhardt, Myra McKee, Mary Jane Kyle, Edith Smith, Valerie Armstrong. Cadet Officer Will Give Initial Smoker National Scabbard and Blade Day, anniversary of the birth of former President Theodore Roosevelt, will be observed tonight at 7:16 in the Memorial Union ballroom at the first cadet officers’ smoker of the year. E Company,, 1st regiment, the University chapter, will observe this occasion here, while 78 cotnpanies and alumni posts in colleges and universities throughout the country will take part in other programs celebrating the day. Movies of Port Knox will be shown at the smoker, and Naval Commander Shepard will be the principal speaker of the meeting which falls on national Navy Day. -Included on the program will be a drill by the Zouave squad, followed by refreshments.
Smoking Rules Smoking is strictly prohibited in the classrooms, drawing rooms, hallways, laboratories, lavoratories, libraries, locker rooms, rest rooms, rooms for athletic Contests, store rooms, barns, at the entrance of buildings, or on the steps or walks leading immediately to or from such entrances. Edward C. Elliott, President.
Butler Holds interest Of His Audience With Inside Tales Of War As A Racket Major-General Smedley D. Butler, famed lecturer and soldier of fortune, held the rapt attention of 2,500 cheeling students and faculty members with his clever humor as he presented his lecture, “War Is a Racket,” at the second lecture
convocation of the year last night at 8 o’clock in the Me-
morial Gymnasium.
Starting with his early experiences ^ in the Spanish-Americam War, termed by Butler as “The William Randolph Hearst War,” he took great pains to show the audience how all wars are construed ds defensive measures. Attacking the statesmen as “men without jobs,” Butler painted a vivid picture of the modern peace conference, giving his definition of a treaty as “a pact signed in the dark with someone
else’s name.”
Indiana Fire-Fighters Convene Today For Fourth Annual Two-Day 'School' Endeavoring to increase the efficiency of fire control in Indiana, the engineering extension department of the University opens the first session of th,e the fourth annual Indiana Fire School this morning. It hopes to aid in this advancement by coordinating the knowledge obtained by actual practice in fire
fighting with that gathered by
systertiatized research.
Representatives of each fire-fight-ing unit of Indiana will attepd the school, where they will hear leaders in their field present the latest information regarding fire control
technique.
All sessions of the Fire School will be held under the direction of W. A. Knapp, dean of engineering, and will be held in the Electrical Engineering Building.
Girl Co-ops To Give PIA Night Program In Union Tomorrow stellar Hall members will provide entertainment for “PIA Night” tomorrow evening at 7:30 in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building. Under the the direction of Bob Schlundt, girl co-ops from Stellar Hall have prepared several skits for the major portion of the evening’s program. Comic sketches, depicting life in a boarding house, will be presented first, followed by an original burlesque of “Uncle Tom’s Cabin.” Caldwell To Address Open Radio Meeting “Transmission of Sound by Light” will be the subject of a demonstrated lecture to be given by Prof. C. W. Caldwell before an open meeting. of the University Radio Club tonight at 7 p. m., in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Among the club’s plans for the coming year are free message-hand-ling for University students between West Lafayette and any point in the United Stdtes, code instruction for prospective radio amateurs, and construction of a new c. w. transmitter for the club’s station, W9YB. Omicron Nu Gives Tea For SO Co-eds About 30 girls chosen from women’s residences, sororities, and Residence Halls, for their active interest in home economics, were entertained at a tea given by Omicron Nu, in the dining room of the Home Economics Building yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock. Dean Mary L. Matthews gave a talk on “Four Reasons for Joining the Virginia C. Meredith Club.” Professor Muriel G. McFarland, of the education department, spoke on “The Part That Home Economics Plays on the Campus.” ! The program for the year was outlined by Nina DeWitt, president of the club. The membership drive for this club is being sponsored by Omicron Nu, senior home economics honorary. The drive will be continued until the second meeting on November 4, at which Dean Dorothy C. Stratton will be the speaker. Membership dues for the club are 25 cents per semester.
University Will Show Livestock In Chicago At Stock Exposition Several carloads of University bred and fattened animals are listed among the entries in the 1937 International Livestock Exposition, this continent’s largest exposition of farm animals and crops, which is being held at the Union Stock Yards in Chicago, 111., November 27 to December 4. This is the thirty-eighth year that this show has been held, and for the last few years it has been housed in a mammoth new amphitheatre. Prizes totaling more than $100,000 will be distributed to contestants coming from several Canadian provinces, Australia, South Africa, and South America as well as from every state in the United
States.
University stock will be shown in swine, beef, and sheep fat classes. In previous years the University exhibits have consistently made excellent showings. Name-Spelling Correction The name of R. Isenbarger was misspelled Venbarger in yesterday’s Exponent. Isenbarger was one of 22 seniors pledged Monday to
POMM.
University Delegates Attend HE Convention Three representatives from the University attended the Indiana State Home Economics Association convention Thursday, October 21, at the William H. Block Company’s auditorium, in Indianapolis. At the morning session Professor Muriel G. McFarland, of the University education department, spoke to the delegates-on the theme, “Let’s Get Acquainted.” Nina DeWitt, president of Virginia C. Meredith Club, spoke on “How Educational Phases of Home Economics are Stressed by the Purdue University’ Club,” at the round table discussion. Delegates from the Virginia C. Meredith Club, were: Miss Margaret Beeman, counselor; Nina DeWitt, president; and Margaret Johnson, social chairman. Club Elects Officers For Coming Year At a recent meeting of the Horticulture Club, the following officers were elected for the coming year: Wayne Fisher, president; ^arl Hymen, vice-president, John Fuhner, secretary; and Daisy Brewer, treas-
urer.
Hymen was also elected manager of the 1938 Horticultural show to be held a year from this fall.
Philippine Plumbers Turning to the Philippines in 1899 Butler told how “175,000 soldiers brought civilization to the natives along with sanitary plumbing fix- / tures.” As the^ applause died away, Butler brought out a great virtue of the Americans in the phrase, “Thank God, we Americans have a sense of humor.” Advancing to present times, Butler ridiculed the draft as “the na(Continued on page 4)
■ ■ ■ ^ Tryouts For Annual Thanksgiving Show Tryouts for eds and co-eds desiring parts in the Black and Tan Fantasy, annual Union Thanksgiving show, will be held in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building on Thursday and Friday at 4 p. m. It is necessary to limit the tryouts to these two days, as the cast will be selected after all have been auditioned, and production will start next week. Uiider the direction of Union vicepresidents Frances Eastburn and W. K. Millholland, this second annual Black and Tan Fantasy will be presented to the student body on Thanksgiving evening, November 25, in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. Auditions For All Auditions will be granted to all who are interested in doing any kind of an act of a vaudeville nature, instrumental, vocal, juggling, dramatics, or dancihg. Individual or group acts are in demand. In last year’s production, freshmen occupied conspicuous positions. This year also, Eastburn and Millholland announce that there are a great many openings in the pony chorus and dance routines for enterprising underclassmen.
Freshman Exponent Workers A last chance will be given to University freshmen to sign up for work on The Purdue EIxponent Thursday, October 28, at 5 p. m., in the Union Building office, room E. All freshmen editorial staff members will also meet at this time. Attendance will be taken and tardiness recorded. Any questions the new staff members may have to ask will be answered at this time and schedule difficulties will be straightened out. Prospective workers must bring a copy of their schedule cards at this time. J. E Brock, Managing Editor.
Tomorrow Is Deadline For Debris Senior Sittings
All seniors who want their photos in the 1937-38 Debri:i must have their pictures taken by tomorrow evening at 5 o’clock. Editor “Chuck”
Ehinger said last night.
Some 200 out of approximately 800 seniors have not yet been photographed, according to Ehinger. All men who could not have their
pictures taken at the scheduled times may appear at room C of the Memorial Union Building any time today or tomorrow between the hours of 8 to 12 and 1 to 4, to be photographed. The photographer's, from Dexheinjier-Carlton studios, Indianapolis, will leave after ton^orrow evening. Ehinger stated that all students
holding junior schedule cards but expecting to graduate also have the privilege of being photogi-aphed for the Debris. In the biggest day’s work accomplished during the eight days of photographing, 108 seniors had their pictui-es taken yesterday. The charge for a Debris picture will remain at $1.50 for these last
two days. Fifty prints of each picture on Debris paper may be obtained at an extra charge of 25 cdnts, the cost price. The pictures will be the same size as those in the yearbook. Debris sophomore workers will be stationed near the door of room C to hand out activity charts to senior sitters.)
Ik
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Is Our View Wrong On Early Elections? Are some of our readers taking the wrong slan,t on early Prom and Gala Week elections, or is it us who don’t quite know what the score is on the question ? Letters in our mail the past few days express the opinion that a group of campus politicians think the time is ripe for their Prom clique to win in a walkaway—that one faction is ready for elections and the other, or others, is not—and therefore that prepared party is log-rolling for an early election. I Certainly we had no such idea in mind when we advanced arguments in favor of early selection of juniors and seniors for those committees, and we are equally certain Senate President Dan Rohyans was further-
ing no selfish motives when he appointed a committee to investigate possibilities of first semester elections. Our concern was really more for Gala Week end the preparations therefor. This event was moved up more than a month last spring, to the first week-end in May, and the hard pressed senior committee barely finished its work on time. Congratulations^ Mr, Stone Having waited for our student directory until November 17 last fall, we find it indeed a pleasure to learn some copies of the 193738 directory are now available at the Registrar’s office. The student directory plays such an important role in undergraduate life (especially in the publication of a newspaper) and in the conduct of the University itself that an early issuance is a worthwhile accomplishment. The 1937-38 student directory is the first issued from the Administration Building. Perhaps the new, modem quarters of the Registrar and his staff had something to do with the feat in publication.
Any letter to the editor mnst not exceed 150 WORDS in lengrth, and mnst be accompanied by the writer’s signature. Unless oftherwise requested, the author’s name will be published with his letter. If. for reasons obvious to our readers, we see fit to withhold any name, that name will be kept in strict confidence. The Exponent assumes no responsibility for opinions voiced herein. Will Minority Control Junior Prom Election? Dear Editor: The letter which appeared in the Exponent of October 24, calling attention of all juniors to the fact “campus politicians” are beginning to function, is one which should be given serious thought by all juniors. Are we going to let ourselves be steam-rollered by politicians so as to permit them to place their men at the helm of the Prom Committee who will arrange the Prom to suit themselves and not the majority? I hope that the biggest part of the junior class is not far enough asleep to permit a minority to run things. Jay E. Gaylord, Pharm. ’39 Early Election Unfair To Entire Junior Class To the Editor: In “Letters to the Editor” in the Exponent of Sunday, October 24, was a letter expressing disagreement with the idea of electing a junior Prom Committee yet. May
I say that I thoroughly approve of Mr. Reeves’ policy. Whatever possible reason there could be for changing the custom of electing the Prom Committee just after the start of the second semester must be motivated only by a political clique who find themselves powerful at this time. Any arguments about unpreparedness, difficulty of securing a suitable orchestra, financial difficulties, etc., can surely be taken care of in the regular allotted time by a good committee. Evidently the fac tion attempting to get control now does not feel that its representa tives would be popular enough with an intelligent voting group, else they would raise no objections to retaining the regular time for elections. If it is this type they would have on the Prom Committee, is it any wonder that they should be clam oring for an immediate election when everyone is unprepared for it, having as yet given no thought to suitable committee members ? An election in the very near future would be entirely unfair to the members of the junior class. Such high-handed methods ca|n, not be tolerated for the sake of fair play, a good prom, and all members of this year’s junior class. Boyd Ostroot, CE ’39.
Mike’s Musings From WBAA Studios
Mike is in again. And to start the week off right we would like to tell you what a big kick we’re getting out of the first appearance of Mike’s Musings last week. Mikq is getting a big laugh out of it all. Why? It seems that Gil Hutton is in charge of publicity for the station and a few persons about the campus and studios know this. Well, after Mike made his debut last week and got off to a flying start by ribbing “PeeWee” about her sweaters and stuff, Gil got the blame for it. Mike is really laughing. But he also wishes to correct this error in thought—we wouldn’t want Gil (as in fish) to be forced to take the blame. Although he is doing publicity for the “Voice of Purdue,” we don’t want him to have to bear the responsibility for Mike. It isn’t a
publicity stunt—it’s simply a means of letting the rest of the world know what is going on in and around the third floor of the EE Buildihg. 2 13 2 And speaking of the EE Building, Ralph Townsley and Bud Buelher have been burning the mid-night oil. One of the main generators went “west” Saturday afternoon and those two lads, along with some so licited help, worked until the wee hours of Sunday installing a temporary power supply, thinking that WBAA was carrying the Navy Band concert Sunday afternoon. Their efforts were rewarded—the band concert was heard all of 14 minutes.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
By Mary Cooley An addition to Eton college boys’ famous short jackets and top hats has recently been made in the way of a new “garment” and a new subject for their curriculum. The garment is the gas mask; the study, how to use it. The stimulus for the'se additions is the proximity of the famous and exclusive school to Windsor Castle and London. Since it might be a likely target for bombing airplanes, precautions are being taken. Each student (there are 1160) now has his own gas mask. There are two special gas-proof rooms in each of the residence houses, and all students are being instructed what to do in case of bombing.
Ohio-Wesleyan University co-eds would like “more dates with fewer flowers,” according to a poll taken by Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary fraternity. Instead of making a rule to the effect that boys may send only a certain number of corsages a year, as was recently done by the men at Indiana University, the girls have gone part way on the proposition. They are circulating petitions asking that corsages be sent only for winter “formals” and perhaps the Gold Diggers’ dance. Margaret Beamer, president of Mortar Board said “We believe this will mean more social life for both the men and women.” She explained that some men have been spending from $20 to $25 a year just for flowers. Formerly corsages were given out of sentiment only, but it has gradually become a habit.
A Hamburger, two Pickles, four Wieners, and a Bunn, atong with four Berry’s, plenty of Sweets, a Martini and three Beers—^no, this isn’t a menu but just some of the names which appeared in the Wisconsin University student directory last year.
They’re after charm at Stephens College in Missouri. Handsome young male instructors teach* co-eds how to dress, apply their lipstick and converse with animation. Their success is apparent; marriage records of the college show that 87 per cent of its graduates are married within five years after commencement.
the Purdue Exponent
Founded In 1889
MEMBER
^soeiated eblUstate
REPREdBNTbD FOH NATiu A.L Au-vt-RI ^ING BY National AdvertisisigServiceJfEC. College Publtshers Ihpresenlattve 420 Madison Ave New York, N. Y CHICAGO - Boston - Los anceles - SAN Francisco
Editorial Phone 6037 CSuapuB Snbscriptione $8 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3.60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF R. P. Manion This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All_ opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Editorial Staff
MANAGING EDITOR
J. E. Brock
ASSOCIATE EDITORS D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, 0. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance
CO-ED EDITOR .. associate editors
Sally McKee.
Co-ed Staff
. Elisabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
BUSINESS MANAGER D. C. Miller Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Business Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER . J. P. Girard Local Advertising Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER - R. R. Hensler National Advertising Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER W. J. Gillilan Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER . „ . . M. C. Reeves Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR .. __ ... R. F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORSu J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer.
night editor .
stanback
October 27, 1937
ISSUE EDITOR
....Woodson
First Edition CAMPUS SLANGUAGE Contribs have poured into this department, but most of them were either unprintable or were not up to the standard of good slanguage which will be maintained herein, Howevah, there were a few which merit printing, and which we believe will go down in the annals of Purdue slanguage as meritorious words. The most descriptive word received and the one which has the most uses is “Icky-poo.” It’s used this way. You’ve been out all night among ’em. Kicking the gong around, slurping alcoholic beverages, etc., etc., and were poured into bed with the dawn. Upon awakening at noon with that brown taste, you rub your eyes and say in a well modulated voice, “Welk really, I feel sort of ICKYPOO.” Another good word submitted was .... POON - TANGLING — noun or verb—^which means the fusion of the fleshy rims of the mouth; an art practiced in parked cars at the airport and elsewhere. (Pleasant pastime, no ?) Another contrib carried the brief inscription: “FOO-FOO-JUICE”—an invigorating alcoholic beverage. We’ve seen this word “POO” and kindred variations used to good advantage in the EE Building where some industrious scribe had scrawled his legend on the blackboard: “A FOO and his GOO are soon POO.” And now that we are de-vocabu-lary-ized for the time being, we’ll let slanguage ride until next week. The Mars Double Pass goes to the contributor who submitted ICKYPOO. The prize this week goes "to the best contribution on anything. It may be dirt, Woids, or ? ?
^CaJbi&L Victor Release
• 25688 I’D LOVE TO PLAY A LOVE SCENE I WANT A NEW ROMANCE Benny Berigan • 25687 HAVE YOU MET MISS JONES? I’D RATHER BE RIGHT Leo Reisman • 25689 THE JOINT IS JUMPIN’ A HOPELESS LOVE AFFAIR “Pats” Waller • 25690 MILES APART A STRANGE LONELINESS Benny Berigan • 25691 SWINGING GUITARS CARINA “Two” guitar “Specialists.” Johnny Cali and Tony Gottuse
McLean Music Co. MAIN ST. LAFAYETTE
Wednesday/ October 27, 1937
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
-and write on it: ‘If not delivered in 10 days, never mind’!”
What, Where, When?
By Sally McKee The hardest words in the language to use corectly and politely are yes and no. To say “Never use yes or no by themselves” would be foolishly dogmatic. There are countless places where a gently placed yes or no is sufficient, but how many more places are there where one or two additional words make the difference between rough crudeness and social gentility? ^ No, thank you—Yes sir—I certainly think so. If you have nothing to add to the conversation except your affiimation or negation, these give your audience added attention to you. And if you have something to add to the discussion, an “and” preceding your remark will tell your listeners that you agree with their views, or a “but” will suggest your negation and give your excuse without the chance of hurting a friend’s feelings by a blunt negative.
—LAST DAY— Greater tfian “3 Smart Girls”! mmk DOBiiN in a New Universal Picture 100 MEN and a GiL LEOPOLD STOKOWSKI ADOLPHE MENJOU • ALICE BRADY'MISCHA AUER Thursday - Friday - Saturday LYNN OVERMAN IN “PARTNERS IN CRIME” Plus LEWIS STONE in “Man Who Cried Wolf”
ARC
Last Times Today
A 20tb CaatuiyrFooK PMura)
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOWl
Thursday - Friday - Saturday CLAUDE RAINS —in— “THEY WON’T FORGET”
— LAST DAY — Constance Bennett Cary Grant
“TOPPER” —PLUS— Edward Everett Horton IN “OH! DOCTOR”
THUR. — FRI. — SAT. Johnny Mack Brown in “GAMBLING TERROR” —PLUS— “Trapped by the G-Men”
MaiiI
-TODAY Double Feature Clark Gable Claudette Colbert in IT HAPPENED ONE NIGHT ' plus LOVE TAKES FLIGHT
Starts Tomorrow Two Swell Show.s The Bughouse couldn’t hold ’em so we put ’em in this show! Hugh Herbert Frank McHugh Mary Boland in marry THE GIRL plus ERIC LINDEN BOOTS MALLORY in HERE’S FLASH CASEYWednesday, October 27,1927
THE PDliDUE EXPONENT
WT 1 TT • l~i 1 Ward Hamers lo Kace loday
Annual Cross-Country Event Starts At 4:30
Intramural officials are expecting this event to be one of the largest on their student program for ward men, as this race provides a good chance for individual recognization in the athletic field. f Assemble At Gym All participants must assemble in the Memorial Gymnasium at 4:30 before going to the field. Here they will be given contest numbers and last-minute instructions. Eleven men have been declared ineligible because of their activity on the Purdue varsity track team, This meet is entirely for ward men who do not participate in major track competitnion, and therefore, the following men will not be permitted to run: M. Bell, A. G. Bodeau, J. J. Denzler, A. V. Gaulke, D. E. Goory, A. P. Knapp, D. R. Long, S. G. Luther, S. G. Marozick, and J. W. Mayer.
Inter-ward cross-country runners will have a chance to show their power at 4:30 today, when the distance men of the wards get together for the annual intramural race. This meet, which is held annually to decide the outstanding cross-country men who are not out for varsity laurels, will be run over the regular two and a half-niile course around Intramural Field, starting
at Fourth street. • Four-Man Teams
I
F(^ur men will be entered from each ward, with three of these men possible winners. The members of the winning team will receive gold medals, and in case the first three men to break the tape are not on the same teain, individual awards will be made.
Boxers Will Move Into New Fieldhouse Quarters Soon Purdue’s new Fieldhouse will welcome another grojip into its spacious quarters within the next few weeks as the boxing squad moves in to continue preparations for^the doming Big Ten boxing season. A great deal of interest in boxing is being shown by the 40 huskies who turned out during the first two days. An expected influx of another 40 or 60, after the football season, pistol practice and other ac-, tivities are concluded, will give Coach “Punchy” Maxwell plenty of
material to work with. Maxwell Optimistic
When asked yesterday as to what he thought of the prospects so far, Coach Maxwell prophesied enthusiastically, “If the boys continue to improve like they have in the past two days, we’ll clean up on the
“whole works.”
SOFTBALL Diamond 3—Ward 10 or Ward 4 vs. Ward 6 —Mangas. ' 10—Cary Hall 5 or Ward 11 vs. Cary Hall 2 or Ward lOX— Igney.
0/WfL
inJb jthiL
Sweet Shop for a few minutes
relaxation.
Come in and enjoy a chat and a coke. You will also find it a pleasant place to
Meet Your
Friends
JPUL fiuhdusL WjimfdoJL lAjniofL Corner of the Campus^Yet the Center of Activities
Sophomore Field Generals
Nile Einnick Ted Hennis Nile Einnick, Hawkeye “sophomore flash,” and Ted Hennis, Boilermaker blocking back, will try to outgeneral each other in Saturday’s game. Both rank high among Big Ten first-year men, and the forthcoming tilt should give them a good chance to prove which one is the better play-caller.
fielder’s choice
By Dick Obenchain Well, here’s another in our series of sport biographies . . . Jim Zachary is the lucky man . . . —fc— The red head could hardly help but be a football player since the varsity right end has “Clob” Woltman and “BB” Bykowsld for roonimates over at the Sigma Pi house, ^fc— Zach got his big chance last year in the Indiana game when he caught the passes which pulled the game back into the frying pan for the Boilermakers in the last few minutes of play and saved the Boilermakers from their third successive defeat at the-hands of their Crimson rivals . . . The rally which the Purdue, squad put on at the end of the game was just about the most thrilling that the Boilerniakers have ever put on. . —^fc— Zach became a permanent fixture at right end when he came back to school this fall and now is one of the spark plugs of the Boilermaker’s offense, and a dam fine defensive man, too . . . $ ^fc Jim hails from a small Indiana town named Princeton where he playled high school football . . . not only does he play football but Jim also carries a big load of schoolwork—civil engineering. —^fc— Although he trains conscientiously during season, Jim has some extensive plans on how to catch up in his recreation after the season is over and he is through with the pigskins and cleats for good . . . Zach spends quite a bit of his time in the Union Building bowling, playing billiards, and rushing Lil Peterson . . . —fc— Another of our sport biographies will appear next week ... do you have any Purdue athlete in particular whom you desire to know a little better in regard to his private life?
TOUCHBALL I —TODAY— Field 1— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Triangle —Billings. 2— Delta Chi vs. Delta Upsilon. —Caparoso. ' 3— Phi Delta Theta vs. Kappa Delta Rho.—Metz. 4— Sigma Pi vs.vPi Kappa Phi.— Captain. 5— Alpha Chi Rho vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon—Juillard. 6— -Phi Gamma Delta vs. Delta Tau Delta—Knox. 7— Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa—Kerber. 8— Theta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Psi —^Wallace. 9— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Alpha Mu.
RQTC To Sponsor Battery Swlmnimg Meet Tomorrow In Memorial Gymnasium Tomorrow evening at 7-o’clock the ROTC inter-battery swimming meet will be held in the Memorial Gymnasium pool. The contest will be divided into six different events: 40 yard free style, 100 yard free style, 100 yard back stroke, 100 yard breast stroke, 220 yard free style, and diving. Winners will be chosen according to their times in all the races, except the 40 yard free style; semifinal and final heats will be held in this event. Members of the winning team will receive gold medals and those of the second place outfit silver ones..
Touchball Eligibility All men on varsity football and freshman varsity football lists are ineligible for intramural touchball. M. L. Clevett, Intramural Director
Iowa, Purdue Will Fight To Leave Big Ten Cellar Hawkeyes Pin Hopes On Nile Kinnick, Star Sophomore Quarterback, To Beat Boilermakers When the Iowa gridmen come to town this Saturday to provide the main entertainment for Dads’ Day, they will be fighting, as will the Boilermakers, to climb out of the Big Ten cellar. Both squads have lost two conference tilts in as many starts, so Saturday’s contest, unless it turns out a tie, will de-
cide who is to stay in last place.
Einnick Is Iowa Mainstay The Hawkeyes are counting quite heavily on the services of their star quarterback, Nile Kinnick, to provide the offensive fireworks. Kinnick, a sophomore, appears to be one of those rare finds in football, a “natural,” He does everything well—punting, running, and passing, while his fine field generalship helps to steady the Hawkeye eleven. That Kinnick is an exceptional kicker is shown by his punting average in the Wisconsin game, when his boots averaged 52 yards from the line of scrimmage. His 74-yard run-back of one of Michigan’s punts for a touchdown last Saturday convinced Assistant Coach Mel Taube, who scouted the game, that the Gold and Black men ' will have some trouble with Kinnick this Saturday. No Injuries One encouraging factor for the Iowa coach Irl Tubbs, is the absence of injuries among the first stringers. Glenrt Olson, rugged Hawkeye fullback, will probably be recovered sufficiently from an ankle injury to permit hjm to add his invaluable plunging and blocking to Iowa’s attempt to come out on top in Saturday’s tilt. The Purdue squad will also be up to full strength. Zachary, who was sufficiently recovered from his injury in the Ohio State game to catch a pass for the Boilermaker’s touchdown against Northwestern last Saturday will be in the game. Powell, although he did not play in the Wildcat tilt, should be off the sick list by Saturday.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Boilermaker Grid Season To Be Half Complete Saturday By L. D. Bown The Boilermaker gridiron season is entering the home stretch after two not-too-impressive victories and two disheartening defeats, but the next four games should prove more interesting. Three Big Ten matches, a crack at the famed Fordham eleven and a good chance to bring the Bucket back to Purdue, hold enough interest to satiate even the most rabid of football fans. Of these four games, Indiana and Fordham loom as question marks after the strong Stand made against Minnesota by the Hoosiers, and the Fordham scoreless tie with Pitt. The Gold and Black, however, are generally given the benefit of the doubt in the Iowa and Wisconsin contests. Records On looking over the records (if football records bear any weight) we find that since 1925 Purdue holds the upper hand over its remaining rivals. The Boilermakers have seven wins to Iowa’s single victory in 1933, two to one against Fordham; six to three over Wisconsin, and in the Old Oaken Bucket rivalry with Indiana which dates from 1925, Purdue has a margin of three victories. a If the Gold and Black put out football as they did at Northwestern minus the bad breaks, the remainder of the season can be very interesting.
A SuiiabliL Dad's Day Gift
. Saturday is DAD’S DAY and you will want to make it a happy day for Dad, too. Nothing will make him feel finer than to know what is going on about the campus. He has interests here, and will like to keep in touch with them daily. A gift that Dad won’t forget, and yet one he will greatly appreciate, is the delivery of the EXPONENT daily by mail. Subscribe for $3.50, delivery anywhere.
the p
URDUE Exponentr F
f 1
tional kidnapping act,” and with equal enthusiasm denounced the expression, “make the world safe for democracy,” a phrase that led us into the World War. Cites Two Amendments Leading to a dramatic climax, Gen. Butler gave two amendments for keeping the United States from becoming engaged in foreign entanglements: “that no ship be allowed to fly the U. S. flag except government operated ships, and that no person shall be allowed to leave the country with a gun.” In the course of his lecture, Butler emphatically stated, “I am unalteiably opposed to compulsory militaiy training,” striking the interest of many of the students in the audience that are taking military tiaimng at the University. Throughout the entire lecture Gen. Butler presented a virorous, humorous, yet clever appeal to the audience to keep out of war, by showing them how “Wai is a Racket” in every sense of the word. Mothers To AHend Banquet In Union Mothers on the campus for Dads’ Day wall be entertained at a Mothers’ banquet in the women’s lounge of the Union, while the Dads are having dinner at the sororities and fraternities Saturday evening. Mrs. 0. F. Hall will he toastmistress; Dean Matthews, of the home economics depaitment, and Lorna McLeod, Union co-ed executive, will be the speakers. The Union is also holding open house all day Saturday. The Concert Choir, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will sing as part of the entertainment.
WB A A Programs
—TODAY— 11:00—American Institutions, Prof. Phillips. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00-^Farm Facts 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Sports Review by Bob Heine. 12:45—Rhythmic Review. 1:00—Meditations, by Rev. George Ritchie. 1:15—Vocational Guidance, by Dean V. C. Freeman. 1:30—Keeping Ahead of the Jones. 1:45—Market & Weather Reports. 2:00—Navy Day Program, Dr. F. M. Hall. 2:15—This Week in Literature, Mr. A. R. Rolfs. 2:30—You and Your Child, Laura Partch. 2:45—Cathedral Echoes, Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 1 3:00—The Home Decorator. 3:15—The American Scene. 3:30—Music With the Masters 4:00—The Story Book Hour. 4:15—Marjorie Starrett. 4:30—You and Your Radio. 4:46—Leonard Raftree, popular Melodies.
tember ’35 to take my orientation examinations, I had the trailer hitched to the family car and didn’t have any idea of where I would put it, but I happened to stumble onto the place where I am now (248 Chauncey street). I liked Miss Memmer, my landlady—I call her Aunt Mary and she calls me Jim— so much and she has been so good to me that I stayed here ever since,” Last year Jim stayed out of school to get “a year’s tuition in the big school of experience.” During the school year of ’35-’36, he lived at an average cost of 12 dollars per month, including a depreciation of $25 on his trailer. Wouldn’t Live In House Now “I wouldn’t live in a house now if I had the finance,” concluded Jim. “It’s nice and cozy and comfortable here. I like the privacy and I can stay up as long as I care and can run the radio when I want to. Living m the trailer reminds me of sitting in a nice easy chair and reading a book before a fireplace.”
—TODAY— Indiana Fire School: Meeting in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building at 9 a. m. Chi Epsilon: Meeting in room B of the Union at 5 p. m. Chi Epsilon: Dinner and initiation in the reception room of the Union at 6:15 p. m. Cadet Officers: Smoker in the Ballroom of the Union at 7 p. m. Camera Club: Meeting in the Tower room of the Union at 7 p. m. New Testament Students: Class in room C of the Union at 7 p. m. Browsing Room: Discussion in the Browsing Room of the Union at 7:30 p. m.
MUSIC ROOM
—TODAY— Noon—12:00-l :00 Sonata in A Major (Mozart), piano Iturbi. First Movement — Andante con Variazione. Second Movement—Minuetto. Third Movement—Alegretto. Marriage of Figaro — Overature (Mozart), Ormandy and Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra. Evening—4:00-7:00 Pictures at An Exhibition (Mous-sorgsky-Ravel), Koussevitsky, Boston Symphony Orchestra. Gnomes. The Old Castle. Tuilleries. Badio. Ballet of the Unhatched Chickens. Samuel Goldenber and Schmuyle. The Market Place in Limogues. Catacombe. The Hut on Fowl’s Legs. The Great Gate at Kiw. The Sarabande (DeBussy-Ravel). Koussevitsky, Boston Symphony Orchestra. Bous Godounow, Death of Bou’s, (Moussorgsky) Chaliapin. Bous Godounow—Farewell of Boris (Moussorgsky) Chaliapin.
Debris Picture Sittings
8 00 8.05 8.10 8:15 8:20 8:25 8.30 8:35 8- 40 8 45 8 50 8 55 9 00 9- 05 9:10 9:15 S 20 9.25 9-30 9.35 9:40 9.46 9-50 9.65 10-00 10:06 10:10 10:16 10 :20 10:25 10:30 10-36 10:40 10:45 10:60 10:66 11:00 11:05 11:10 11:16 11:20 11:25 11:80 11:86 11:40 11:45 11:60
WEDNESDAY MORNING Lowery, D T McCauley, J F Guldi, A. A. Metz, H. Mirkin, M. Williams, J. H Yadofsky, Z. Wefthman, C Shonkwiler, W. D. Smith, C. A. Wozniak, T. C. Wright, M G. Van Kunn, J. D Wilhelm, W. E. Mason, G. L. Matthews, R L Woodburn, J Mankm, P A Walsh, J C Weidig, W. J. Weishaar, P Humphreys, H. M. Stanback, H. I. Swinehart, M L. Kimmel, R M Young, G Martin, J H Martin, G M Bundy, L L Clevenger, H M Shea, N. H Lautz, W G Creek, R Dilts, J Strasmann, J W. F. Hensler, R R Terhune, C H Weigandt, H F. Yngve, C. R. Markham, A. E Walters, C. S. Weisenback, C. O. Weishaar, A. H Letsinger, C. ,A Linn, K. M ‘ CariaQd, T, P. Hamilton, Margaret
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON 12 .60 Masanz, P. \J. 12:65 Cabonargi, T. D. 1:00 Wolf, J. D. 1:06 Cooper, L E. 1:10 Zweig, W F. 1.16 Hill, R. C. 1:20 Wilson, T C. 1:26 Linder, G E. 1.30 Jacobson, L. A. 1.36 Matthews, G W 1.40 Swan. C T. 1 46 1.50 Scott, R. L 1:66 Mangus, C. E. 2 :00 Ziegler, R C 2 :05 Wagner, J. E 2:10 Walling, H E 2:15 Walker, J E 2 20 Wantland, H. B. 2 -26 Ward C V 2:30 Welland, W. L 2.36 Wellbrock, R L 2 :40 Bailey, D A 2-45 Miller, D C 2 60 Lemen, R N 2 -66 Liming, A. N 3 .00, Warring. R A 3:0o Welborn, R N 3:10 Riechers, W B 3:16 Fames, G E 3:20 Hardin, L S. 3.26 Sullivan, E T 4 00 Monfort, H E. 4:05 Korff, G. L 4 -10 Vanderfprd, J. 4 :15 Wells, H. F. 4 20 Whiting, R N 4 :26 Martin, R C. 4 -30 Thompson, D O. 4:36 Wilkins, D E 4:40 Wood, W H 4 -46 Wright, S A. 4:60 Yee, F. T. 4 -56 Youmans, H. A.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. ,
LOST—Brown plaid packet in the field north of women’s tennis courts. Reward, Call 6860,
FOR RENT—Single room for a student. 131 South Grant. Phone 46893.
LOST—Miniature Baldina Camera, Return to D. S. Marden, 282 Littleton. Reward.
FOR RENT—Room and board at 219 South Grant street.
LOST—Between H. E. Building and 6th on University, Monday, a navy pigskin glove. Finder please return to Helen Duff. H. E. No. 2.
FIRE SCHOOL PROGRAM
No Noiices AccejlUd After ■
Christian Foundation Students: Tickets for Halloween skating party sponsored by Purdue Christian Foundation, to be held October 30, are now on sale. Marshall Allman has charge of ticket sale. —CRISS.
Exponent Co-eds: Afternoon schedules in Union office are as follows: Monday—Schilling. M. Thompson, 1-2, Wickard, 2-8; Wickard, Thrasher, 3-4. Tuesday—Davis, Short, Pickering, Burstfield, Starrett, 1-2; Davis, Short, Pickering, Stairett, Wimborough, 2-3, Thrashei, Burtsfleld, Wimborough, 3-4. Wednesday—Butz, Rossenwassen, 1-2 , ^teffee, Ross, Countryman, Henry, 2-3, Steffee, Schilling, Ross, Henry, 3-4 Thursday—Sawdon, Short, 1-2 , Sawdon, Rose, 2-3 , Price, Owen, Rose, 3-4. Friday—Martens, Thompson M., 1-2, Martens, Owen, 2-3, Price, Martens, 3-4. Be sure to be theie at each hour —PYKE
Purdue Student Alliance: Open meeting October 27, 7:30 p. m in faculty lounge T K. Noss to speak on “God Save the Constitution ’ Public invited —BUCKLES.
Lafayette Philatelic Society: Weekly meeting to be held in room F of the mnion October 27 at 7 -30. Junior meeting at 7 oclock Bring trading stock. —MILLER
Playshop: Costume committee meeting in the sub-basement of Union, October 27 at G30 p m. —McCOOL
(Story on page 1) —Forenoon— 9:00—Registration, Electrical Engineering Building, ’ 10:00—Announcements. “Indiana’s Public Safety Programs.” “Fire Prevention in Public and Parochial Schools.” “Evolutions—(a) Ladder; (b) Hose.” —Afternoon— 1:15—“Minor Equipment.” “Cheating the Fire Demon.” “Inspections by Fire Departments.” “How To Get and Keep Control of Your Fire.” “Gadgets.” —Evening— 7:30—Open House—Lafayette Fire Department.
Purdue Plying Club: There will be a special meeting of the club at, 7 00 p. m October 27 in the peasant room of the Union Building —CONWAY.
Riding Club Members: See notice posted in Union office October 27. —SUMMERS Gimlet Club: Dinner meeting at the Phi Delta Theta house October 27 at 6 :16 p m —BROWN
WAA Riflery Practice October 27 6 16, Ward 3 ; 7 00 makeup , 7 46, Kappa Alpha Theta, 8 30, Pi Beta Phi —CHRISTENSON YWCA: All girls interested in settlement house work meet in the YWCA office at 4 p m. October 27 —BROWN
WSGA Executive Board: Meet in office at 7 :16 p. m , October 27,, « ‘ -STftWART. Triton Club: Meeting at 7:30 p. m in the Memorial Gymnasium October 29. Open swim at 8:30—girls may bring dates —WALKER
Knitting Club: Meet in rdoms 1 artd 2 of the Union at 7 p. m.. October 28. —WOOD. Independent Btaff: Important short Meeting of sports, co-ed, and editorial stans, at 7 :30 p m , October 27, in PIA offijoe.” —MeaOham,
WRH Council: Meet October 27 at 7 p.m. in YWCA office. —DOUGLAS.
Union Sophomores: Our committees report to Union office at 4 p. m. October 27. —CROSSMAN, MATTHEWS, CABONARGI, MASON.
YWCA: Sbcial service and hospital bOmmittee meetings in YWCA office at 4 p. m. October 27. All interested may come., —CONZER.
Womens Bowling: First period of play tonight. Pedalion vs. Chi Omega, t-8 p. m. Thaeles vs Kappa Alpha Theta, 8-9 p. m. Other teams will be notified when they are to play. —Drossman.
Military Ball Committee: Meet ill the Armory, October 27 at 4 p. m.
Union Sophomolres: Our committees report to Union work shop at 4 p. m. October 27, for Military Ball and mixer decorations. —TAYLOR. GARLAND, SAMUELSON, HARPER.
Radio Club: Meeting October 27 at 7 p. m> in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building. —LIPPMAN.
Alpha Zeta: Meeting in tjnion Building October 27 at 7 :30 p. m. —underwood.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Pledging ceremony and dinner October 29 at 5 p m in loom 416 of the Chemistry Building —SANDERS
Happy Hollow Swingsters: Piactice Octobei 28 at 9 p m for Union Show —YOUNG
Catalyst Club: Important meeting for all members October 27 at 7 .30 p m , in room 202 of Heavilon Hall —BOWMAN
Camera Club: There will be a meeting in the tower room at 7 p m October 27 —SAMUELSONi
Silver Mask: An important meeting will be held October 27 at 7 30 p m in room D of the Memorial Union Building —ZWEIG.
• the Purdue Exponent
—■■ "1 - —i Service Directory
— Bookstores —
— Hardware —
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student “DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPEte HDW. 822 MAIN
— Furniture ■—
Student Equipment Saqk J-MJauhuui Qo. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
— Beauty Studio —
• EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RlSK ' DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
lot of smokers have found that Chesterfields have a taste they like. They’ve found out for themselves that Chesterfields are MILDER. You can prove for yourself that Chesterfields SATISFY.
.. men’llgive goti MORE PLEASURE
lopyrl^ht 1937, ttooBtr & Mybks Tobacco Co.