N^Coiden Cate Bridge ^View of construction* operations on San Francisco’s new Golden Gate bridge, Th6 special safety nets which are credited with saving the lives of 15 workmen may be seen in the background underneath the girder. The nets were a new thing in bridge coits^ruction, and greatly lessened the hazards normally met with on such a project.
•the Purdue
Exponent
WEDNESDAY December 8/ 1937 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 72
Technical Groups To See Bridge Movies Tonight California’s Golden Gate Bridge at San Francisco, longest single span bridge in the world, will be pictorially described and built on a moving picture screen before an open meeting of the student branches of the civil, mechanical, electrical and chemical societies tonight at 7:30 in the main lecture room of the Electrical Engineering
Stratton Hostess To Sorority Presidents Dean Dorothy C. Stratton entertained the sorority presidents at a tea yesterday at her home in Hills and Dales. As the result of a group discussion it was agreed that the sorority Christmas all-night parties would end not later than 3 a. m. An informal comparison of co-ed activities in this University and other colleges followed.
Continued^ Cold, Snow-Skating? “Continued cold with snow flurries.” Laconic as it seems on the surface, that short statement from T. H. Hill, assistant weather observer here at the University, holds a lot in store for Purdue eds and co-eds. It means that for the/ next few days, perhaps until Christmas vacation, we’re going to have weather suitable for winter sports. And one of the principal winter sports is skating, which is already possible in Columbian Park. Because of the mild winter season last year, Stuart Field was not flooded.
Building.
Prof. C. A. Ellis, of the civil engineering school, designed the structure built by the Joseph B. Strauss Bridge Company, of which Prof. Ellis is vice-president. The sound pictures will show the construction of this bridge, which exten(Jed over a four year period. Contraction due to cold decreases the length of the bridge six feet and the height pr clearance increases 16 feet in the winter time. On a windy day, a stiif breeze will throw the center of gravity of the 4,200 foot span 20 feet out of line. (Continued on page 2) Wagner Festival Group To Sing In
Tomorrow
Gym
Six artists, five singeis and the sixth a conductor, will revive early musical compositions of Richard Wagner in a concert at the Mehional Gymnasium tomorrow evening at 8 o’clock I The operatic group, united under the banner of the Wagnerian Festival Singeis, will continue a crusade of the nineteenth century musician’s works under the auspices of the Purdue convocation and lecture committee. The Wagnerian concertists, representative of five nationalities, will consist of Hilda Konetzni, Austrian contralto; Marta Krasova, Czech contralto; Henk Noort, Dutch tenor; Joel Berglund, Swedish baritone. and Alexander Kipnis, Rus-sian-American basso. The conductoi will be Dutch-American Richard Hageman, whose opera “Caponsacchi” was presented last season at the Metropolitan opera house, and where he had directed opera and concerts for 14 yeai-s.
Prom Parties Explain Platforms
With one of the most hotly contested Junior Prom elections in the history of the University only six days away. Senate Elections Committee Chairman C. G, Elliott, announced last night that all of the 21 Prom candidates are scholastically eligible for election. Accordingly, under Senate supervision, balloting in the current election will start at 8
Bona-Fide Originally Prom was founded as a means by which and through which juniors honored the seniors. It is our opinion that the Purdue junior prom should remain just this; an activity by and of the juniors in recognition of the outgoing seniors. We hold that this occasion should be the exclusive social event of the year, a night to be both anticipated and long remembered. In achieving these ends, if we have the opportunity, we intend to by no means disregard the wishes of the majority. In the event of our election, our first act will be to conduct a poll of junior opinion, designed to seek out campus desires relative to the following questions: 1. Should the 1938 Prom be like pievious ones in that money is spent on one band and rather elaborate decorations and appointments ? 2. Oi should one ultia-band be hired, using practically all of the income here rather than on decorations and trimmings ? 3. Or, would a “battle of music” featuring two prominent bands for the six hour engagement be preferred ? If other points of controversy arise, they, too, will be included in the proposed poll of junior opinion. This we offer as support of our platform and motto, “Bona Fide Will Satisfy.”
Amateur Netmen Give New Fieldhouse Brisk Workout
By G. W. Frederick “Hey, Red! Here!” “Don’t shoot!” “Get rid of the ball!” “Our outs!” ring the loud and commanding voices of the amateur basketeers in the mam gymnasium of the new Fieldhouse. Slashing, dashing, dribblers come crashing through a mass of scantily clad players to twist and half-push, half-throw the basketball toward the backboard and basket! Thin legs, fat legs, and muscular legs lace back and forth from basket to basket, from offensive to defensive and back again! Short gasping sounds of breathing pervade the gigantic room, and form a semibreathless background for the insane shouting that rings constantly in your ears. Two Games—One Court A basketball game, five players to the side (an unusual occurrence in this mad-house) whirls madly on the center court. What’s this ? Another group of athletes are gathered under one basket of the same court! What? Could it be—yes! There they go out onto the floor' of
the center court! Wow! Two fast basketball games in progress on the same court! And both games are using the same baskets! What a rat race! “Hey, Shorty! Here’s our ball!” “Aw, shucks! I just made a basket with theirs!” Confusion reigns supreme, in it’s highest state. Twenty frenzied players milling madly! “Jump ball!” “First and ten!” “Hey dark-’n-handsome, no flying tackles.’ ’ Acrobats Climb Ropes Off the basketball floor, boys are climbing the rope in one corner. Four fellows are taking malicious swings at a tiny feathered ball, usually just barely getting it over the badminton net. Some bird! Down in the locker room boys, in various stages 6f undress, snap towels at each other and romp gaily into the ever-changing climate of the shower room. Then thoroughly refreshed (and chilled) by an icy shower they straggle out of the Fieldhouse com pletely exhausted.
Square Deid
“The Square Dealer’s” budget is modeled on the financial report of the 1937 Jhnior Prom Committee— as published in the Report of the Auditor of Student Organizations,
September 1937.
In every case, where expenditures would be enlarged by the proposed increase in Prom-goers, the proper multiplying factor has been applied to the item involved. The various items represent the outside estimate of expenses. A large safety factor has been included in every case. Budget figures concerning the floor were compiled in cooperation
with a University official
Cash Receipts: Ticket sales—
2,000 at $3
$6,000
Total
$6,000
Cash Disbursements:
Music
$2,000
Floor—
Rental
1,000
Transportation
' 500
Laying and removing
500
Programs !
... 800
Decorations
500
Tickets and ticket i
supervision .
200
Other expenses
500
Total
$6,000
Mrs. R. B. Moore Moves To El Paso For Health Mrs. Richard Bishop Moore, widow of the late Dean Moore, of the University science school, is now residing in El Paso, Tex., with her
daughter Carol.
Mrs. Mdore spent the pas.t summer in W.ipst Lafayette, but moved to El Paso recently because of her health. They expect to remain there until next summer. The mild climate of the southern desert is expected to prove beneficial to Mrs.
Moore’s health.
Basketball Season Opens Tonight At 7:30; Varsity, Frosh Meet In Fieldhouse Basketball fans have their first opportunity to see the 193738 Boilermaker combination in action tonight, when “Piggy” Lambert lines up his varsity speedsters against “Dutch” Fehring’s frehman squad in the dress rehearsal for the coming hardwood season. The game will start at 7:30. It is probable that Coach Lam-
o’clock next Tuesday morning in the Memo rial Union Building. Although campaigning is wide-^pen, solicitation of votes within the Union Building will be prohibited on the day
of elections.
Bringing the cases of the three parties up to date is the following list of latest “Prom-
paganda.”
Ail-Campus In order that our platform may be perfectly understood by all Juniors before elections are held, we believe that it should be carefully analyzed from the following viewpoints. First, we believe that the greatest single factor in presenting a Prom is the securing of a satisfactory orchestra. We intend to secure an orchestra by assembling a list of the country’s finest dance bands, then contacting the bands in the respective order of their popularity, booking the best band available. Second, we believe that a Prom which will be satisfactory to all, can be guaranteed ojily by our policy of announcing the name of the orchestra secured before tickets are
placed on sale.
Third, we are not attempting to win votes by means of an expensive campaign. We feel that the members of the committee should be chosen upon their individual merits Fourth, with the entire lounging a'nd recreational facilities of the Union at our disposal, we will present a full evening of diversified entertainment and fun which has never been equalled on the Purdue
campn«!
Fifth, as in previous-years, we will present a Prom which will be the climax to Purdue’s social season. This can only be accomplished by limiting Prom to upperclassmen. Sixth, we will utilize cash receipts over and above the cost of the orchestra for presenting more elaborate decorations and more unique programs than have been presented in the past. Remepiber — PROM PROMises PROMptly PROMoted.
“•Exponent Board All elected officers of the Exponent will meet with the faculty advisers of the paper in the conference room of Agi’icultural Hall at 4:30 Thursday afternoon, December 9. —Manion.
bert will start sophomore combination against the rhinies, to give the newcomers an opportunity to acquire experience before the regular Big Ten schedule begins. Several sophomores are making a strong bid for positions on the squad and are giving indications of pressing the veterans for permanent assignments. Sophomore Combine The sophomore combination for tonight’s game will be selected (Continued on page 4) Thirteenth Annual Welding Conference Will Open Tomorrow Under the direction of the department of practical mechanics and the engineering extension authorities, the thirteenth annual conference on welding will open in Michael Golden Shops tomorrow morning with registration at 9 a. m. Principal speakers for tomorrow afternoon will be J. C. Joublanc, chief metallurgist with the Harnisfeger Corporation, Milwaukee, who will speak on “The PhysicoChemical Basis of Welding Electrode Coatings,” F. W. Pame, radiologist, of the Clapd S. Gordon Co., Chicago, who is to discuss “X-Ray Technique for Inspecting Welds,” and Russell Pursel, National Cylinder Gas Co., Chicago, on “Flame Hardening.” “Design and Fabrication of Welded Parts from Rolled Steel,” will be discussed at 7:30 by J. D. Gordon, General Manager, Fabricating Division of the Taylor Winfield Corporation, Detroit, chief speaker for the evening session. Brock's Lecture Is First Of New Series J. E. Brock, managing editor of the Exponent, discussed the work coi^nected with the publication of a college paper, at the first of the new activities lectures, held at 4:15 p. m. in room F of the Union yesterday. This lecture started the series which will continue throughout the school year on Tuesdays and Thursdiscussing their work at each meetdays, with a different activities head ing. In cooperation with these lectures, the Activity Bureau will’be open every week day afternoon from 4 to 5:30, to aid students in activity work. Tomorow afternoon a representative from the Debris staff will lead the activities discussion in room F.
English 14 Sfudents Talk Before 600 At Speech Convocation Six student speakers, representing English 14 classes, spoke before approximately 600 speech students last night, at a convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall. J^obert Horn, of the University speech department presided as chairman. The six speakers were the students chosen from a group of 26 speakers who gave their speeches before the speech staff last Thursday. These 26 speakers were elected by the English 14 class to which they belonged. The winner of last night’s speech contest will be chosen by the compiled results of the ratings which were made by the audience, and the results will be announced within the next few days according to Prof. L. S. Winch, head of the speech department. The speakers last night and the titles of their speeches were H. E. Personnett “The Viaduct;” K. W. Kuebler “Prompt Payment of House Bills;” P. T. Cooper “Printing Presses;” R. L. Colby “Topping Turbines;” C. L. Grannon “Addressograph System m an Insurance Office;” W. D. Croft “A Sewage System.” Boruff To Discuss Distilling Probldms Dr. C. S. Boruff, technical director of Hiram Walker and Sons, Inc., will discuss the problems of modern distillery operations at 4 p. m. Satiit«/4air ivt 1 AC
istry Building. Boruff is well qualified to speak on the subject as he directed researches in fermentation at the University of Illinois for many years, and has been associated with the Hiram Walker concern since early in 1934. Devotibg special attention to the chemical and biological phases of the distilling industry. Dr. Boruff will also consider allied engineering problems. A dinner at 5:45 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building will honor Dr. Boruff. Reservations for the dinner will be 65 cents. This will be the December meeting of the University section of the American Chemical Society. The society extends a cordial invitation to all interested persons to attend both dinner and speech.
Exponent, PI A, PSA Start Housing Survey
Movement to register with the University pertinent information concerning all men students’ rooming houses got underway last night when 35 independent house presidents and ward leaders met with PIA President Bob Schlundt to discuss the current survey. Each man who turned out for the meeting, in the PIA office, volunteered to fill out one of the questionnaires for his own house, and several to assist in canvassihg other rooming places. Three hundred copies of the twopage questionnaire were mimeo-
graphed by Assistant Dean of Engineering W. A. Knapp's office yesterday afternoon. Stencils for the survey forms and the stock were furnished by the office of the Dean of Men, after tfie questionnaire had been designed by Exponent editor R. P. Manion and approved by Dean Fisher. Meet Again Friday Two hundred additional questionnaires will be mimeographed by Friday, when independent leaders who attended last night’s session and other junior and senior inde-
pendent men interested in the survey get together in the PIA office at 7 p. m. At that time plans for conducting the survey by wards will be laid out. To the two mimeographed pages of the questionnaires are being clipped a third, blank, page on which the canvasser will set down his own comments and those of the landlady and students living in the house. More than 100 blank spaces for recording information are included in each questionnaire. Saturday a corps of independent
men will make a house-to-house survey in an attempt 1^ complete the entire work of registering rooming places by this week-end. Both landlady and student will be interviewed. The survey is being conducted by Exponent, PIA, and the Purdue Student Alliance, with the approval of Dean Fisher. Any students interested in working on the West Side canvass.^ are asked to call Editor Manion, PIA President Sehlundt, PSA Chairman Bob Buckles* pt come to Friday eyening’s meeHag,
* j*, . y.ii
/ no % '’i’ii'
1
I
pr'
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday. December 8, 1937
Are Purdue Students...
. , . intelligent enough to vote as the average United States dtizen votes ?. Doubt of this fact seems to provide the basis for Student Senate’s decision last night for printing the Prom and Gala Week ballots in such simple form an elementary grade school child could scarcely make a mistake ... a form, however, which is not the best to save time for both the voter and the vote talliers. Instead of placing a square by the name of each party in addition to by the name of each candidate, so the voter would have only one cross to make if he desfred to vote a straight ticket. Senate’s election committee agreed the squares should be listed alongside each candidate’s name. Then, they say, the voter cannot get mixed up and mutilate his ballot. A large number of University juniors and seniors are citizens of this country, are eligible to vote, and many of them did vote in last fall’s elections . . . where, incidentally no such absolutely foolproof form ballot w'as in use. Last fall, if one of those juniors or seniors wanted to vote a straight party ticket, he made one cross mark. Next Tuesday he will have to make six or seven (six for Gala Week, seven for Prom) crosses in order to vote for all the members of one party. Those upperclassmen who have not yet voted will soon be eligible to do so, and then, if Senate persists in babying them, they will have to learn how to cast their ballots. But why go to all the trouble of printing 2,000 ballots in the first place. We’ll bet that fellows as energetic as some of the Senators have looked so far this fall could talk the city oi* the state into letting them use a couple of voting machines on election day. The state might even be willing to supply instruction cards, and a state expert to attend the polls and show juniors and seniors how the modern, although complicated rapid voting system, with an up-to-the-second count, operates. Use of voting machines would likely draw out a record number of voters for the Prom and Gala Week balloting. The novelty might prove a better drawing card than the various candidates and their platforms.
the Purdue Exponent
And another thing, voting machines help keep those slot-machine lever pulling muscles in shape.
ME^MBER Ptesectttted ^rce<
Entered as second class matter at‘’the xiost office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the «iet of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postaBe provided for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorised Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the reaular academic year and weekly durinB the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.S0. iij
R.eRBaBNTeO for NATIONAU ADVBRTIBtNa BV National AdvertisIngService, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO . BOSTOH - t08 ANGELES - SAN FRANCISCO MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone- 6088 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union BuildiuB, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief
Bnaineie Manager
R. P. Manion
D.C. Miller
PUBUCATION STAFF Manarinr Editor J. E. Brock Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, O. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary I Marsaret Sawyer
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manaser. J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager —B. R. Hensler Circulation Manager M. C. Reeves
CO-ED STAFF Editor Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin Sally McKee
Editor — Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF R. F. Obenehain J. S. Brown, R, L. McDonald, B. D. Wltwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-toivin-chief.
Night Editor—Stanback Issue Editor—Insley Wednesday, December 8, 1937
collegiate
By Mary Cooley
Harvard University has removed one more obstacle to aid the absentminded professor. Curbings have been removed from the sidewalk ends in Harvard Yard. Gentle inclines will replace them, banishing toe-stubbing forever.
“Hundreds of thousands of hours in our educational institutions are wasted because the training goes almost to the point where the thing becomes permanent, but not quite. President William Allan Neilson, of Smith College, advises women at the Packer Collegiate Institute that if they would raise the intellectual level of the United States, they must aim at definite mastery of whatever they are trying to do.
An overwhelming majority of students at University Heights Col lege of New York University are in favor of a kissing-ring similar to those at West Point and Cornell. If it becomes official, any student or alumnus of the university may demand to be kissed by his female companion within the boundaries of the ring. '
athletics and the Big Ten Conference. Sixty-three per cent of those who voted were in favor of retention of the present athletic program.
'‘I expected to find a great vitality and outspokenness in your students. I believed that there would be more horseplay and even a certain amount of vulgarity, but I do not find this |;o be true . . Prof es-
December Engiieer Feafires Weldiig
sor Lavourcade, visiting French instructor at the University of Buffalo, thinks American college stu-
dents are “spoonfed.”
Technical Groups-
(Continued fi’om page 1)
University of Chicago students voted on whether they wanted their school to remain in intercollegiate
mmA
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
B 0 N A L D COLMAN
fPITH MADELEINE CARROLL MABIASrOBR DAVID NIVEN miiONO MASSEY • C. ADBBEY iaOTB AND DOUGLAS FAIRBANKS, Jr.
STARTING TOMORROW JOHN BARRYMORE in “Night Club Scandal” —AND— JEAN PARKER in ‘Life Begins With Love’
Another unusual feature of the construction was the safety nets, which saved the lives of 15 men over the four year period. These men automatically became members of a bridgemakers’ “Half Way to Hell Club”. Although many other bridges have cost “a life for each million dollars,” only one accident occured when a safety net was swept awav, casting into the sea 10
Following the movies, the designer, Professor Ellis, will be present to answer any questions Telating to the bridge’s construction.
Last Times Today FUNNIEST...SUNNIEST..
^ONEYEST OF GOMEOIES
—Tomorow and Friday— EDWARD ARNOLD SHIRLEY ROSS —in— “Blossoms on Broadway’' •f44 ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ 4 t » COMING SATURDAY
ON OUR STAGE J DUKE ELLINGTON AND HIS ORCHESTRA ‘
Dedicated to welding, the December issue of the Purdue Engineer came out yesterday. The issue contains 28 pages with a lead article by Professor J. D. Hoffman, head of the practical mechanics department, on the welding conference to be held tomorrow and Friday. The welding issue is balanced by several other engineering articles.
HOW TO GET INTO ACTIVITIES
Here’s the first of our new series on the “Ideal Freshman Handbook” . this one deals with activities as you have already learned if you can read. That’s the first qualification . . . being able to read ... if you can’t then you’d better give up the activity idea.
You stand at the cross-roads, freshman! You may choose: 1. The Exponent . . . qualifications: ability to sleep through your classes and be nasty to your friends; knack of wheedling comps to everything out of other activity heads; as well as desire to be a big shot. Option8[l qualification . . . ability to write.
2. The Union . . . qualifications: ability to drink 10 cokes a day; sit endless hours in the Sweet Shop; act busy when not doing anything; and pour tea. Optional qualification . 7. executive ability.
3. The Debris . . . qualifications; ability to use up flash bulbs; plaster stickers all over the campus; bleed fraternities;” and recognize beauty when it doesn’t exist. No optional qualifications . . . . that Includes everything.
4. Gimlet . . . qualifications: the ability to sing; absorb a “whacking” good time; and wear a little yellow sailor hat.
5. Reamer . . . qualifications: the ability to bore people (he<^, isn’t
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“She’s blonde, her name’s Nancy, and she usually sits in the tenth row—tell her no matter how long it takes, I shall always be waiting for her.”
Special Student Buses
ENJOY YOUR TRIP MORE— Ride with friends in comfortable buses to Ne\Y York, St. Louis, and Cleveland at special rates. Leaving Lafayette December 18.
FOR RESERVATIONS PHONE 2105 - 2151
that what reaming means ?)
It may be added in self defense that these qualifications were set by results of a questionnaire sent to activity heads. However, the questionnaire each head filled out was about activities other than his own . . . hence the true picture . . . prejudice did not enter into this . . .
Ilf ■»
F V
Goode Bookes for to Reade"
From time immemorial poets have sung the joys of "goode bookes to reade/' and people of modern intellectual tastes term our books as "tops."
We have everything from the classics to the book that will be this month's best seller.
SOUTHWORTH'S 308 State Street West Lafayette OPEN EVENINGS
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
“Can it be done?
55
... here ■ is the Western Electric answer!
Several years ago the question was raised: “Has the limit been reached in the speed of drawing copper wire? ” Western Electric engineers, assigned to find the answer, developed new methods and machines that did it three times faster. With further study, they surpassed even this record—twelve times the original speed! And the product is lower in cost, higher in quality! Aiming always for this goal—better and more economical equipment for the Bell System—Western Electric engineers continue to develop the art of manufacture.
Manufaetaring Plante at Chicago, lU., Keamy, N. J., and Baltimore, Md.
iiW«dtteBd<xy* Pec«mber 8.1937
tHE PUBDUE EXPONENT
BASKETBALL —^Toda^— COURT 1—Smithson, referee. 7:00—Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 7:15—^Phi Delta Theta vs. Acacia. 8:25—Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 8:40—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Pi Kappa Alpha.
COURT 2—Juillard, referee. 7;00-.-Ward 14 vs. Ward 17. 7;16—Ward 4 vs. Cary Hall 1. 8:25—Ward 12X vs. Ward llB. 8:40—Cary Hall 6 vs. Ward 13A. COURT 3—Humphrey, referee. 7:00—Ward 1 vs. Ward 11. 7:15—^Ward lOX vs. Cary Hall 5. 8:26-—Cary Hall 2 vs. Ward 13B. 8:40—Cary Hall 3 vs. Ward 13C.
£/dmdu JuJutLUfL
On Men’s New Fall Hats Lead the style parade for the season by wearing a new turned up brim.
Homburgs
Bound Edge «and Welts ..
Show the folks how neat you’ll look with a New Hat
$3.50—$4.00—$5.00 . .$4.00—$5.00
DEWENTER’S
416 Main Street
Unvote
a
tke
^ov^mai Sea6ovi
We have a lovely selection that you must see. Rustling taffetas smoothly combined with bands of rich velvet. Crepes and satins in b\a(^, white, and solid shades.
425 MAIN
Reamers-Gimlets Battle For Coffeepot Tonight In the interlude between halves of the freshman-varsity tilt tonight the Reamers and Gimlets will stage their annual basketball burlesque, originated last year. Both sides are planning to makeit bigger and better than ever. There’ll be a lot of horseplay and everybody will wear some queer costume. A sample of what to expect will
be the award of the coffeepot trophy suitably decorated and named the Bill Miller trophy in honor of that Me instructor, to .the winning club. Last Year’s Tie Game Last year’s game ended in a tie when the scorekeepers went on a rampage and ran the score up to 99 all. However, this year any tie must be played off in order to see who receives the much coveted coffeepot. Coupon books will not good for the game, but tickets may be obtained from the Reamers, at the Union desk, at Deac’s or at the door for 25 cents. Pi Kappa Phi Initiates 7 Pi Kappa Phi social fraternity announces thfe initiation of the following men; V. D. Harms, Flossmoor, 111.; R. B. Reed', Westfield, N. J.; P. F .Beretta, Bedford; M. J. Miller, Muncie; R. C. Gullion, P. A. Porter, and R. W. Sheay, West Lafayette.
ME Honorary Group Initiates 20 Pledges Pi Tau Sigma, honorary mechanical engineering society, held its annual fall initiation banquet last night at 6:30 in Lincoln Lodge, with D. N. Morrison acting as toastmaster. Following the dinner, the annual handbook award was made by W. C. Musham, honoring William Dunshee, high ranking mechanical engineering freshman. Speaker of the evening was Capt. S. A. Beckley, who spoke about 10 commanders he had served under. Initiation of the honorary initiates and undergraduate initiates took place in the Mechanical Engineering Building before the banquet. Those initiated were: faculty members, R. C. 'Binder, J. W. Raub, and students J. B. Baker, F. L. Coers, F. M.' Crosby, R. L. Eichorn, A. K. Fisher, W. Q. Fusiek, J. E. Goory, D. C.
£jUjt/ ^.^64 Tloju) p)A. SViDuptUL at „„ Large Selection of Xmas Cards Mechanical Toys Manual Sets Games Dolls Purdue 5c and tOc Store West Lafayette
Miller Begins Series Of Health Leefures Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the student health service, gave a talk on “Venereal Diseases’’ at the first of a series of health lectures for freshmen military students, held yesterday at 11 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Freshmen were excused from the regular corps day formation to attend this lecture. Dr. Miller will repeat this lecture before the first and second regiments tomorrow at 11 a. m. for the corresponding personnel. Dr. F. R. Eastwood, of the University staff, will lecture to the same for:^ations at the same hour on December 14 and 16, on “Military Sanitation.”
Harvey, V. E. Holmes, R. L. Holzbach, M. C. Hunt, W. Kupchick, J. F. McCauley, C. B. Neilson, J. W. Reichart, R. L. Scott, G. F. Springman, and D. E. Wilkins.
Wray To Discuss Pilots, Airplanes Dr. C. M. Wray, Lafayette physician, will speak on “Facts About Pilots and Planes as Regards Their Future in Aviation” in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 7 p.^m. tonight at an open meeting of the Flying Club. Wray will take up questions concerning numbers and kinds of pilots and planes that can be expected m the near future. He gave a similar talk here last year, and has made several studies on the physical requirements of pilots. This is the first in a series of talks that the club has planned for this year's program.
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOW1
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
— Bookstores — SOUTHWORTH’^S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for ■ College.^ Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Gink DR.PAVLA.KIBK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 — Locksmith — F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile koy end lock oerrlce our ivoelalty. L. C. N. Door CloMr Dlotriboton 209-211 N. 5th SU Phone 2828
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN — Furniture — Student Equipment £aqbi J’WauJtuM Qo. 425 Colombia St. Phone 27% — Beauty Studio —
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE e Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
Classified Ads
Have you something to buy, sell or find ? If so, you need no longer travel all the way over to the Exponent office in Lafayette. Anyone wishing to place a classified ad may now do so at the desk in the Memorial Union Building.
ARC
Last Times Today FRED SCOT
“Melody of the Plains'
STARRING FRANCES DRAKE —plus— OUR GANG COMEDY
Maii!
NOW SHOWING ENTIRE WEEK
EW SONSSt NEH iTEKINEWUEUiSI
“It was his FORD V*8 that got her!
99il ^
iiiflHi
tr
rsfssf^
t
JM pms>m mp^nem
##diiie«di«y, Dae«ill]i«ir 1^37
Basketball Seasoti-
(Continued from page 1)
from the following lostei Dan Fischer, center; Fred Beretta, Elwood Yeager, and Wendell Britt, guaid‘5, Martin Stamm, John Walkev. Bob Biadv, and Haiiy Lucas, f 01 wards
Handicapped bv lack Of piactice, the gieen freshman squad will entei the game mainly to tiy and keep the ■'COie fioin becoming too laige in favoi of the Vaisity About 40 men aie still left on the squad, and these will be cut to 18 shoitly aftei Chiistmas
Coach Fehiing will select five men fiom the following 10 to stait against the Vaisity Biinduse, Stallings, foiwaid oi guaid, Miniiey Swaits, and Webei, centeis. Witsman, Chambeilain, Igney, Bosse forwards, and Pauline, guard.
Back in harness again will be the familiar veterans fiom last year, who include Dale Hutt, Haiiy Zink, Vincent Holloway, John Sines, and Jewell Young, foiwaids. Gene Anderson and Carol Mangas, centeis, and Tom Dickinson, Pat Malaska, Nick Barsha, Ross Dean, Joe Mihal, and Carl Swan, guards.
Virginia Hulse Is
Recovering Rapidly
Virginia Hulse, a junioi m the home economics school, who undeiwent an appendectomy last Sunday evening at the Home Hospital here, was reported yesterday to be recoveiing rapidly, according to hospital officials
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoflf, 606 Main street.
FOR SALE—Kodak VollendaRadionar F3 5 in Compui shuttei, carrying case, light metei and filtei Call Bauer at 65603 and leave name and phone number
LOST—In Gym Key chain and four honorary keys Please letuin to Union desk Milnei
PHOTOGRAPHIC XMAS SPECIAL—Three 8x10 for $5.00 Void after December 9th. Hinea’s.
FOR SALE—One tuxedo $15 (original cost $45) One “pile” coat, good cold weather coat, $12 (original cost $80) Both articles in good condition Size to fit man 6 feet tall, 150 lbs Call Baker during day at 41641 Leave name and phone number.
STUDENT LAUNDRY—We sat-
l«fv.
you
call foi prices—75152.
LOST—Black iinged tianspai’ent Eversharp pen Friday night m the Union—Reward Harriette Shepaid, WRH
LOST—Pgn pait of black goldbtiiped lifetime Schaeffer pen Rew^ard—Call Maigaret Saurer 5031.
Notices
No Notices Accepted After 8 p m
Exponent Co-ed Staff The co-eds will not put out a paper Thursday night December 9 MANION
Senior Mechanicals' Inspection trip repoits must be made by December 16 For particulars see bulletin board in Mechanical Engineering Building - YOUNG
Fraternity Presidents. Interfraternity Presidents Council meeting postponed until December 9 —WHITING
WAA Volleyball Games played this week December 8.—4 00 Theta vs Streamliners
LEARN TO DANCE ENROLL IN OUR NEW BEGINNER’S CLASS Wed., Dec. 8, 7:00 P. M. ADULT TAP CLASSES Thurs., Dec. 9, 6:30 P. M. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
—small gym; 4 'SO, Pi Phi vs. Pepsters—• small gym, S 00, Pedalion vs. Ann Tweedale—large gym, 6 00, Ward 1 vs Collegiana—small gym December 0—4 00. Chi Omega vs Ward 4 —small gym ,4.00, Alpha Chi vs Pepsters —large gym , 4 80, Ward 3 vs Streamliners —small gym. 4 30, Ward 1 vs WRyt North —large gym —RODERICK
Purdue Flying Club: Open meeting December 8 in the faculty lounge of the Union Building Dr Wray will give a talk —CONWAY
Christian Foundation Cabinet: Meeting December 8 at 7 p m in the Union Inquire at desk for room number —CRISS
WSGA Council of residence houses meet in \WCA office December 8 at 7 p m —DOUGLAS
Plavshop Important meeting in subbasement for anyone interested in publicity December 9 at 4 p m —MULLER
Poultry Club Meeting and dinner at the Poultiy Building December 8 at 5 30 p m Get tickets or make reservations immediatelv —JONES
WAA Riflcrj Schedule for touinament Decembei 8 At 6 JO, Waid 1 at 6 40 Waid 2 at 6 60 Ward 3 at 7 00 Ward 4 at 7 10, Phi Mu , at 7 20 Pedalion at 7 30, WRH South at 7 40 WRH North at 7 60, Kappas at 8 00 Chi O at 8 10 Alpha Chi, at 8 20, Pi Phi at 8 30, Theta at 8 40, Alpha Xi Please be piompt —CHRISTENSON
WAA Ping Pong These games must be played and the scores posted by noon, December 9 In the Gym Thompson vs M Johnson, J Campbell vs Shaffer Plank vs Chandler Davison vs Raebig Lockner vs Cook , Whinery vs Maier Beaudry vs Jenkins At the Residence Hall—Shake vs Ourand Henry vs Stephenson Hugle vs Schilling Cocking vs Schlitter —BLANK
Orchesis Practice December 8 at 7 30 p m in the Women’s Gymnasium —HARRY
Student Senate Meeting in Senate office
at 4 p m December
-ROHYANS.
Union Sophomores; My committee will meet in the workshop, December 18, at 4 p m —HARPEp
Union Sophomores: My committee meet in the office, December 8, at 4 p m —JACOBSON
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting at 7 46 m December 8 in office —STEWART
Unioh Sophomored: Our committees Will
niet
in the office at 4 p. m. December 8. ^ —EASTBHRN, TURNER
Philatelic Society: Meeting December 8 at 7 30 p m m room F of the Union. —MILLER
WSGA Judicial Board: Short meeting at 7 20 p m December 8 in WSGA office —SLOCUM
t Camera Club: Meeting in tower room, December 8 at 7 p m One of the contest
judges will give comment on elxhiblt. —SAMUELSON
Tillton Club: Meeting December 9, at 8'30 p m. All girls must have passed tests after this meeting —WALKE.B
University Orchestra: Meeting December 8 at 8 p m in Fowler Hall Studio. —PHILLIPS
Reamers Club—Every member report at the Fieldhouse at 7 p m December 8 —ROSS
YWCA: Professor Noss Will apeak on Japan at the meeting December 8 at 4 p. m. m the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building —BRYANT.
General Engineering: Sections A an^ C, general engineering 104 will have no class meeting today, December 8 —CLARK
Thomas Say Entomological Society: Regular monthly meeting in room i08 of Ag Hall December 9 at 6:4B p. m. —FAVINGER.
lIGfft/
GLOVES
Zipper Jackets $5.98
R
PAJAMAS SHIRT SELECTIONS TIE AND HANDKERCHIEF SETS NEW GIFT SCARFS WOOL SWEATERS MEN'S SOX CORpUROY PANTS Freshman Toques. , 48c
Cord Mackinaws ..$6.48
224
Main St.
ELIABLE
C
LOTHINC
Co
224 Main St.
<11
\
Go
i
ileasw*
Copyright 1937, Liggbtt & My«is Tobacco Co.