I
“ A" ■';‘‘‘5 4 .■' 4' -; 'V^:i
‘ ^ j, j i>(
4 «•<- ^-. A)
% <?£'' i th'iifi-f '■>■ ‘ 4'^i
fif
MERRY-GOROUKD * Jnside Story On CoaKStrike ’»<■
Established 1889
x/OJOHem * All Alone and Lonely
COMMENTS ON Argentina's New Military Regime
Volume 56, No. 18
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, June S,
Salzedo Ensemble To Play Saturday Convocation Will Start At 7 P. M. In Music Hall Saturday; Passports Or $1.10 For Admission The Salzedo Concert Ensemble featuring Marjorie Call Salzedo and Carlos Salzedo will play for a convocation to be held in the Music Hall next Saturday at 7 p. m. Students will be admitted on presentation of their passports, while it will cost the general public $1.10 for the opportunity of hearing the concert. Season -
Union Features tnfomal Dance
For Wright Fielders
New Intrasession Begins Special Classes Today
Coeds Reveal
WAACS Offer Six . . Riveters Win Twite Months Pre-Service From Sailor Balters
tickets are good for this convo-
cation.
Marjorie Salzedo, graduate of DePauw University, is in private life the wife of Carl Salzedo, the founder of the en-
semble.
A Hoosier from Roachdale, Ind., she has studied the harp since she was nine years old and has played with some of the most famous Symphonic Orchestras in the land. With
An informal dance is scheduled next Saturday night at the Union building for the Wright Field under-
Her husband, she recently played engineering aide trainees.
for a recital in Nassau under the patronage of the Duke and Duchess of Windsor. ' Studied At Paris Conservatoire Carl Salzedo, born in France and of Spanish parentage, began studying music at the age of three. He
The swing-fest is the first campus social gathering to be held for the busy coed trainees since'they arrived on the campus early in May. On the job 48 hours a week in the classroom and laboratory the girls, here from middle west states to
studied at the Paris Conservatoire, study under University instructors where he won the highest award for jobs in aircraft signal corps labgiven in both harp and piano, some- oratories'under supervision of the thing no one has equaled to this day. U. S. Army signal cors, will have an He came to the United States, opportunity to forget for an evewhere he became famous for his tasks and problems of the
hai’p and compositions of music. He ^'^dio shop, not only plays the harp but also the Picking Their Partners
4l this week in odd moments of
Founded Eolus spare time the Hainees are picking In 1921 he founded Eolus, the first over the various gi’oups of sailors, magazine in America devoted to the soldiers, civilians and students on
cause of modern music. For many years he was first harpist of the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra, but as his fame grew, he resigned to devote himself td his solo recital
^work.
the campus in a scramble to acquire a swing partner for the occasion. And just a tip to those who have not met the under-engineer trainees,, there’s no shortage of class or beauty in the lot. Remember the dance
In 1924 he founded and organized is invitational and remember its for the harp department of the Curtis the Wright Field engineering traininstitute of Music in Philadelphia, ees who are on-the-campus as civil
and in 1928 he helped organize the service employees.
Pan-American Association of Com- L^ds, make your inquiries early, posers. because there are only 45 of ’em.
In recent years he has spent his
time on tour and in conducting harp ||i master classes. UniYerSlty 011075 Senate Renews Refresher Course Callout For leathers
Student Help Frosh and sophomores, both ed and coed, are urged to attend the Student Senate callout tomorrow afternoon in its office at 4 p. m. Don Thomas, president of the Senate, stated that the organization is again urging students to turn out for the activity call in two weeks. Both first and second semester freshmen are eligible to work, due to the present manpower shortage. Workers will get a chance to choose the committees they wish to work on, and therefore get a variety of experience in both activity and legislative bodies. The Senate plans to inciease its war activities during the summer semester and is lu'gently in need of workers, according to Thomas. Playshop Tryouts Today To Fill 24 Large Parts Tryouts for parts in “The Man Who Came To Dinner” will be held today at 4 and 7 p. m. in Fowler Hall. There are 24 large paits and other smaller parts for which students will need to have had little or no previous expeiience. Those who are interested in working on one of the crews are to sign u ptoday, also. The crews aie properties, make-up, costumes, special effects, lighting and stage. “TKe Man Who Came To Dinner”, a successful play on Broadway several seasons ago, was written by George S. Kauffman and Morris Hart. The play will be directed by Ross D. Smith. Dr. H. Kenn Carmichael is staging the play. Notice P. E. M. 9, divisions C, D and E: Quiz will be this week. —ALLEN
Announcement was made here that a refresher mathematics course is to be offered on the University campus for teachers expecting to be asked to teach mathematics either to members of the armed forces or to high school students. The course, tuition-free, is offered through the Purdue War Training Program and the United States Office of Education, and covers analytical geometry and calculus. Dr. M. W. Keller of the University mathematics teaching staff will be instructor for the class, scheduled to meet on Tuesday and Thursday evening of each week from 7 to 10 o’clock. C. K. Ganoiig, district manager for Univeisity War Training, said airangements, if desired, can be made to suspend classes during the recess between semesters, August
15 to 30.
Classes Open To All Classes aie to be open to all qualified persons whether they are teacheis or not. An organization meeting is to be held Tuesday evening, June 8, at 7 o’clock in room 218, Recitation Building, on the campus. Further information may be obtained by calling the District Office of University War Training, Michael Golden Shops, West Lafayette, phone 5034, or after office hours call 6G012 and ask lor Mr.
Ganong.
Second Lt. Hurley . .. former student of the University, has reported to the Carlsbad Army Air Field, Carlsbad, N. M., where he will pursue a course of instruction in navigation. Lieutenant Hmley was lecently awarded his bombardier wings at the Albuquerque, N. M., Army Air Field.
Signal Corps Training Drawing more and more women into war work, the War Department has completed a program of preservice signal corps training for women who can qualify for enrollment in the WAACS; women qualified for this training may participate as civilians after having enrolled in the WAACS. Eligible For Specialties The initial training course will require full time study, eight hours per day, six days per week for a period of approximately three months. Upon completion of this phase of the training, trainees will be eligible for assignment to one of the following specialties; Radio Operator, Radio Repairman, Radio Telephone Operator, Teletypewriter Operator. Training in one of the specialties will continue for an additional period of about three months. Women who are between 21 and 45 years of age, have completed a high school education, have no dependents under 14 years of age, and who have passed a physical, mental and’ Civil Service examination are eligible. Upon completion of training, all participants in this program will be ordered to active duty in the WAACS and assigned to WAAC basic training. Maler Will Speak At Ag Smoker Alpha Zeta, agricultural honorary, will hold a smoker Thursday evening at 7 p. m. in the West Faculty Lounge, at which Major R. W. Maier of the Military Department will speak. The smoker will honor the new initiates of the organiza-
tion.
Major Maier is a graduate of the University and before entering the Army was a vocational agriculture teacher. All old and new members of Alpha Zeta as well as alumni are urged to attend.^ There will be no admission chai’ge. ^ ^Intrasession Frosh AH interested in going through Fraternity Rush sign up in FAO office, room 360 of Union, on June 7, 8, and 9, from 4 to 5:30 p. m.
By Nita Garrett
The freshman class which entered the University Saturday has a new and amazing ratio of 31-1. Of the 155 freshmen who enrolled in the 30--day intrasession, only five are gilds. Having gone through orientation June 5, registration and physical examinations June 7, the 155 will begin classes today at 8 a. m.
Full Week End
Entirely unabashed by the existing University ratio, Georgia Voorhees, one of the five new coeds generously said, “You can have my four men.” Georgia is the only one of the five girls to enter the school of agriculture. Asked what she thought about the University in general, she said “I think the campus is very beautiful.” Orientation didn’t bother Georgia, nor did registration. “Registration was sjmpler than I expected. Having a counsellor helped a lot. Another thing that impressed me about the University is that everyone is so friendly and helpful. We new freshmen were I’eally kept busy with social events over the week end.” The only thing that worried Georgia a little is how she is going to manage to carry all those heavy books to class. With the ratio being what it is, Georgia shouldn’t have to worry too much. Mhry Ellen Howkinson, another of the new coeds, doesn’t expect much difficulty in finding her way around the campus, having visited it often while several of her relatives were attending the University. According to Mary Ellen, “Registration wasn’t ^nearly so gruelling as I expected, but Orienta-
tion was hard.”
Finds Students Friendly Beth Warren, the only one of the five girls to enter the school of science, was impressed with the friendliness of everyone at the University. She confided that “Orientation was strenuous, but registration was much easier than I expected,” Beth also thinks that she will be able to find her way about the campus quite easily. So far, she likes the Univer
sity very much.
Delta Chi
. . . social fraternity, will hold an informal record dance next Friday which will be open to any student wishing to come. It will be their last social affair for the duration since the Navy is taking over the house.
By Store, 5-4, 9-7 Pop Doan’s baseball team extended its winning streak to five games when they gave the Bunker Hill Naval training team a double beating last Saturday by scores of 5-4
and 9-/7.
It took the Riveters an extra inning to perform the trick in the first encounter, but the second game was won in the regulation seven innings in spite of the sloppy fielding by both teams. In the second game both George Leftwich, the Riveter hurler, and the three Bunker Hill pitchers were kept in trouble by the errors^ committed by their mates. A total of 14 errors were committed in the second game. Jennings Blasts Double Although the visitors were able to outhit the Boilermakers in the first game 9 to 5, they were unable to get them when the runners were on the base paths. Going into the extra eighth inning, with the score deadlocked at 4-4, Jim Jennings, the Boilermaker first sacker, who was slightly injured in the second game, came to the plate as the first batter of the inning and proceeded to blast a double over second. He continued on his journey around the base paths with the winning run as Condon allowed the ball to get through him for a two-base error. Bunker Hill wasted no time in scoring in the second game as they combined two walks, a hit and two errors in the opening inning for three runs. They added two more runs in the third inning on Ranee’s double and'two errors. The last two runs were scored on two walks, a double by Myers and Irmscher’s third error. Score In Fifth The Riveters had their big outburst in the fifth inning that provided them with the margin of victory. Chuck Wright got on base on an error by Robinson and was moved around by the bases by successive hits by Jankovic, Misselhorn and Aaron Martin. Martin’s hit, a triple, cleared the bases, and he scored the' final run a moment later on an eiTor by Shortstop Moore. AWS Hours AWS Judicial Board announces ’that there will be no change in coed hours for the summer term.
—VEIT
Two-Hour Show Features NoveltiM Spedalors Contad Intramural Offices At 4 P. M. Today If Rain Threatens; May Postpone Carnival Fast-moving activity will be the athletic carnival featuring close to 2,000 participants tonight at 7:30 in Eoss-Ade StadittiM. Open to the general public without charge, the carnival is teing conducted to give a picture of the physical fitness programs that are conducted on the campus for the Navy and Army units stationed here, as well as the physical preparedness pro-
gram for the students.
Time Schedule According to Chief CleVett, 7:00 P.M.—Softball game—Navy if the weather appears threat-
vs. Fraternity All Stars. 7:30 P.M.—Navy drill. 7:45 P.M.—Navy typical class pe-
riod.
7:55 P.M.—Gymnasts — Following Navy calisthenics. Barn Dance—Reamer vs. Gimlet, Tug of War. 8:30 P.M.—Navy flight instructors—Hand to Hand. 8:30 P.M.—PE 12 class period. 8:50 P.M.—Cage ball—Navy vs. PE 12. Silver Derby Time Schedule 7:50—Sack Race—Phi Kappa, Phi Kappa Sigma. 7:55—Stilts—Pi Kappa Phi, Sigma Alpha Mu. 8:00—Roll Cage Balls—Acacia, Alpha Chi Rho, Phi Gamma Delta. 8:05—Crutch—Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, Sigma Phi Epsilon. 8:10—Chariot—Tau Epsilon Phi, Tau Kappa Epsilon. 8:15—Dressing—Theta Chi, The-
ening about 4 p. m. today, prospective spectators may call the intramural office (2875) fwtp* formation on the carnival. If,pQ|Jponed due to rain, the carnival will be staged a week from ton^bt,
June 15.
Early Arrivals Entertained Prior to the formal opening of the program a number of softball games, cageball, a mass demonstration of mixed recreation incln^fig badminton contests by twenty and eds and tennis will be started in order to entertain early arrivals! The two-hour show will include novelty events, a mass demonstra.tion of mixed recreation, six boxing bouts, six wrestling matchra, gymanstic specialties, folk and JQOdern dances by University coeds a^ a demonstration of a typical “physical fitness” class for University
students.
ta Xi, Triangle.
8:20—Barrel —Lambda Chi Al- Spectators To Sit In West Stands
pha. Phi Delta Theta. ^ 8:25—Bicycle — Delta Upsilon, Kappa Delta Rho. Schedule of Trdck Events 7:50—440 yard run. 8:00—1 mile bicycle race. 8:10—Half mile relay.
Navy Seeking Supply Officers; Interviewing
Board Here
Today
A traveling board representing Naval Officer Procurement head-
quarters in Chicago, will be hereto- , day and tomorrow to interview per- ®
Spectators will be seated in the west stands, and flood lights ■^U illuminate the events that run into dusk. Rings for boxing and wrestling and a space for gymnastic and other activities will be provided directly in front of the west while a special track for novelty relays will be laid out on the grid-
iron.
Novelty relays, known as “Silver Derbies”, will be staged in the small track, in which the competitor demonstrate their ability and speed on stilts, with wheelbarrows, bicycles and on “horseback”. A op^ mile bicycle race will also be one of the novelty features. There are not enough entries in this race, aecording to Clevett. About a do^ii
sons interested in becoming supply officers to care for the Navy’s expanding fleet. Opportunities await residents who have experience in shipping work, purchasing jobs,
interested should bring his.
Half Mile Relay
A half mile relay will feature tl^ Naval Training School, Navy Flfgbt Instructor School, ASTP Amiy
'It's All Their Fault'...
Mistreated Circulation Staff Still 1 Suffers In Silence; Subscribers Gripe
By Dick Ward Members of the circulation staff on the Exponent take over 50,000 steps every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday morning in the process of bringing a copy of the Exponent to each subscriber. The absolute number of steps is just an estimate and a personal one at that, but the staff does take a lot of steps. And that isn’t all, they are forced to take before a publicatioji is I'oady for delivery. They take a lot of something that is usually spelled with a capital “H” every time they show their faces. Staff Takes Blame They suffer in silence. Silence may be golden, but to them it is just gold-plate and even that is wearing off. They get blamed for everything, whether it happens to be their fault or not. The carriers are blamed for not leaving copies of the Exponent at certain houses when these houses are not even on their list. This, sometimes, is the fault of someone in the Exponent office who forgot to put the house on the list; but more often it is the fault of the students
who have not reported their residence. Another major fact is that many people pass the boys on the street and ask them for a paper, apparently forgetting that the paper boy is about to deliver a copy at their homes. Each boy leaves the office with a certain number of copies, enough to cover the houses on his list. When he begins handing out copies to people on the street, it’s quite easy to be short by the end of the route. Dog.s Bother Paper Boys Of course the most trouble comes from dogs. Big dogs, little dogs, registered thoroughbreds, and just plain ordinary hounds can cause the delivery boys no end of trouble. And it is not always the ferocious dog that is the biggest nuisance. An incident such as the following happened in another city a few years ago: A newspaper carrier approached a house bent on peaceful termination of his business. Spotting a large pup on the lawn, he said “nice pup” hopefully, much as people have always said “nice pup”
when they mean nothing of the sort. Stranded By 200 Rounds Of Dog The pup, all of 200 pounds, evidently took the boy at his word and accepted him for his lord, but not master, and started following him away. The lady of the house insisted the dog stay, the dog insisted on going, and the boy, silent partner of the lady, was afraid to incur the wrath of the dog by being actually rude. The cairier had to be replaced because, at the last report, he was still standing in the yard making vague motions\at the dog and looking pleadingly at the owner of the dog. This is only one of many of the troubles that carrier boys run into while delivering the morning paper to a home. Despite the grave perils of the route, the boys are trying to deliver the goods and Will continue to deliver the Exponent in the future. In spite of the war causing labor shortages, these boys will do their best to get that copy to each customer every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.
stock control activities, warehous- Unit, PE 12 classes and fratermiy ing and food management. The trav- all-stars. The coed walking rac6 eling board is coming to make it was scratched from the events 5^easier for men in this area with the cause of lack of participants.'Ope necessary backgrounds to apply for the closing features will be ,a Naval commissions in the Supply lay over a specially set up obstacle
Corps. course.
The board will interview and give A mysterious jump from the score physical examinations to all inter- tower into a pail of water by an un»' ested in receiving Naval Reserve announced person will be the climax commissions. Citizens with college of the evening. The body is slptecl degrees or with a compensating to sail downward head first, but np amount of experience in their busi- other piece of information would ha ness or professions may be eligible, released. The identity of the jui^-
Purchasing agents, restaurant and hotel managers, shipping executives, men familiar with handling large stocks, with warehouse technique and in administration work have the type of background re-
quired for supply officers.
All men interested are urged to discuss their personal chances with the traveling Navy board from 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. in room 405 of the Schultz Building during the board’s
visit.
er is being kept secret for obvfpua
reasons.
PIA Offers Individuah
Team Bowling Six weeks of team and individual bowling are offered to the members
of the Purdue Independent beginning Wednesday, June
members are eligible to enter, eiQwr in teams or individually for a
of ten cents per person.
Those who enter individually wjU be foimed into teams befiJre
competition begins.
Keys will be offered as prizes for the winning teams. Those interested in^ntering may come to the PIA office Wednesday afternoon or cftll Stan Leszczynski, 2428.
Theta Chi
. . . social fraternity, anne^c^s the election and installation pf t^e following officers: Willas Yermilt^,
I.Ae.S. To See Film At Next Meeting Second regular meeting of the Institute of Aeronautical Sciences will be held Thursday in room 108 of the ME building at 7:30 p. m. A sound film entitled “Safe Flying” will be shown, followed by a short business meeting. All members of the ASME, SAE, Engineering’ Cadette Society and those interested in joining the Institute are invited. Membeiship application blanks may be
obtained at the meeting.
Intra-Session Students
. . . will be the honored guests at president; Paul Davis, vice the Ragtime Frolic Party at the dent; Don McMillen, trepisurer; J?eUniversity Church Saturday eve- ter Sguros, secretary and ning beginning at 7:45. Games, marshal; Jim McMillan, hou8Pto^>r
dancing and refreshments are in ager.Purdue Exponent
|^|a|M||MBaB||M|mM||«|||||||[gttjg«BHgg|gg|gjM||g|ggggg| / ^ ¥ \ Tuesday9 June 8^ 194S
ImHIM
Purdue Exponent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union/ Phone 4005 Sports/ Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m « 5377
Bonoracr Editor Honorary Editor HoMTary Business Manager With the Colors
William G Hoskins Dale E Butz Gerhard H Klouman
H?tt9r Business Manager Kews Editor Managing Editor Advertising Manager Bports Editor Coed Editor
Robert W Boswinkle James G Petty Sally Beall Donald h Brewer A lane Kcim Joseph S Dawson Jean Laucr
Puillication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors H B Abbet C C Mnrtindell T F Mur jjhy W H Tyson W L Vermilion C J Wilbir Coed Staff Ruth Ford Madelyn Crotnci Kathirme Howes Sports Staff R M I ipes R J Smith CIS wirds Business Staff Assistant Advertising Manager C L Gaunt Layout Director J B Tabb Circulation Manager R G Sauerman Accounts Manager Mary Dilts
Editor-in Chief
The Purdue Independent
Bert Sqiiier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Grotnes Issue Editor Swerdloff Editor Howes Sports Fdilor lord Reporters Georgeson Tuesberg Bsvnes Waid Kroi f D 1 porte Steffes Erb
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under the act o£ Congress of March 3 18 9 anh at the special rale of postage provided for in section 1108 act of October 3 191 authorized January 20 1122 Published on Tuesday Thursday and Saturday mornings dir ng the year except certain \act on po lods Del vered Ic tally by carrier for $1 25 for a simcsttr by ma 1 f i $1 00 for a semester Subscriptions m y be obta ned 11 the I xi i < nt office or at the West Desk of the U ion ilepreaented for national advertising by Nat)(pnal Advertis mg ^rvice Inc College Publishers Kei resentativts 420 Mhdlson Ave New York N Y
V w
S^AtfioL
V V
SJUiipiUL.
• - '
the miners were not at their pits special exhibit for visiting Piesident Idles Hits A N*w HigJf In Opinion Barclay of Liberia—a Liberian pigNext day also, the War Labor my hippo, “Matildai” ahd hei son, Boaid heard about Kites* last mini- “Gumdrop,” boih 6n the day the ute inteiwention AgBiH they Hit the Yanka ihvaded North Africa. . . . ceiling This time tlidy seM a ItettfeP “ilfeime,” the black rhihoceios, is to the P'Te'sident ti^reateftm^'to tb- jUMt recovering frem^ a thueft of sign if the Secretary of the InterioT jlBeumonia Treatment was stilfa intervened again drugs and a nasal spray
l|is| Looking Arduri
By Jack Abbett
People in the United States have become ve:^ jilbilkht oVer*
e I i> ^ 1-^' xr 1 1 T, , .r wr V r u the announcement that the Castillo regime nks bfefen oVefSamuel R. Cohen Meanwhile, Ickes sent a letter to among Washington air laid shelters hut if thPSP iiihrlnnt nPnnlP were to reHafoimei student of the Univeisity and a mem i-he President giving his views of is the one In the basement of the J ® i L.p-fervewiwvWwlit bei of the Tau Ppsilon Phi fraternity, has aiiived at tbe Wai Laboi Board. Honest Har- hon house called Daniel’s Den It’s that the Argentine COUp was Only a tu^ over'Of'pefTSOHalx Kcains, Uttih, Xoi his btisic ticiining as aviation cadot old, famoils Xoi his vitupdi^ation, for pooplG pot tho lions But who flGS ftlld thRlj tllG old PflllltSiPy p3il*ty IS sflll 111 iiftoy poured moie of it into that letter would want to take rbftige under feel fai* from happy If, how6ver, tHis small rfilTItary rfevolt
than almost any othei he has writ bon cages while they aie being f-Q jg^^j fg jj grand revolt ,>. ten He accused the WLB of being bombed from above ’ i?4.u.vT.,4?a 4. jxi more interested in its oWn prestige (Copyright, 1943 by United Peatuie ^ people Ot Argentina we igjjjj ^ Httfe closer to the U S , but
Lt. Warner C. Kessler
of the Coast Aitilleiy is on duty at the Haibor Deienses of the Columbia Rivei at Port Stevens, Oie Lt Kesblei who giaduated in 19, is a membei ot Alpha Gamma Rho fi iteinity While it the Univeisitv he was a membei ot the livestock judging team
Henry A. Gardner
a foimei Umveisity student has enteied th^ Aimy All hoices pie flight school toi bombiidieis md navigatois it Selma Field La He attended Technital High School it Indianapolis and was a foimei employee of the Indi in i State Highway Commission
Lt. John J. Gatleher of Huntington iccently leecived his wings and commission at the Altus, Okla Adv meed Flying School Lt Gallohei w is a student it the Univeisity tiom 19P5 to 19U
could be reasonably assured the (question of joining the United that full and complete cooper- Nations body hnd soul does not Beein ation on the side of the United entered the picture. Nations might be Expected ' —X-X— fiom Argentina The new govern- Germany seems veiy won led ovei ment that Has been set up m the ^bc constant supply of men ahd last two days is completely domi aims that are flowing tb the Euronated by the militaiy clique, which theatie of wai, but the least has always been pro Axis in its of their wotiy seeitis to be'in Itfely, leanings The new government even though it has been stated seems bent on one thing and that is ^ dozen times oYei Italy Will not and
Money to Loan On diamonds watches, getting all the supplies it can from camiot get out of the wai rtaiy’h offlL ’w'colunfb^r"*®” tbe United States even if it has to People might not like the way tlief
wai is going, but they will not stand
ci,^^
than m preventing the most seTioUs Syndicate, Ine )
sti ike of the wai
«
It was at this point that the Pres-
ident last week called in all the members of the War Labhr Boaid, phis Ickes and Justice Byrnes, to thresh out the entile question It wa^ a seething session Dean Wayne
Moise, of the Univeisity of Olegon, Typewriter Adding maiin.nes all mates public membei of the Boaid, got off rented repaired and piuxchaaed MiMeo- , , , , , T 1 araph work done (J J Ebershoffi 606 Mbitt, some hot baibs at Ickes Chan man Lafayette Phone 2779
Davis was more restiained Ickes, in reply, described the
WLB’s action as illegal and unconstitutional, especially when they had
served notice on the operators and Lo,t_G«en o.ieT^c la.ncoat m Union miners that they could not reach an Sundiy mcht Rewiul Call 4G902 ask for
agreement between themselves but
Lost—Pair of shell rimmed alasses ward Chuiles Landci Phone 29GG
Re
Lf. Levi A. Cooper oi I oitville his ictcived liis wings Tiid commis Sion fiom the Ligle Pass Adv meed Plying School It Coopci Vas a student it the Univeisity dining 1936 and 1917
could only negotiate before the
WLB
The Piesident sided with his Sec letary of the Intel lor But by this time, the stiike alieady was in pro-
giess
Lost—K & E Lob Loj, DecitriK slide rule
Rewaid A C Anderson
Students wishing to earn then board bring schedule card and lepoit to seivice office in
Caiy Hall South
suppci Tuesday June 8 Meet at the Foun dation at 5 16 There will be a Vesper Service and a shbrt discussion of the pro gram for next fall All coeds Curtiss
Wright
aie invited to attend —THOMA Gold Peppers Meeting on Wednesday June 9 in room 30^ of the Union Be there promptly at 5 —MacDONALD
Wanted One double or two Single rooms
-u., J 1 A *“ ^ soiority chapter house IF inteiested Koosevelt had been put in one caU Gee or Craybill at the Delta Ohi house
Delta Rho Kappa Th irsday June 10 ^01 of the Union
Important meeting on at 4 30 p m in loom
—SCHEPART7
The Washington Merry-G o-Round ^ By Drew Pearson Lsjjgif’si Operators’, WLB s Lnvvill inj^s^to Compromise Cause Initial FtjUttre in Soft '^091 ^liiive "jiliashington 1 oide stoiy of the Coaf negoti us confiontiiig the nation with one of its woist labor crises in histoiv his nevei beesti told completely Unfoitunate J it IS a stoiy of puma donna bick eimg, with John L Lewis not the only culpiit but the Wai Laboi Boaid standing on its high hat dig nity, and many of the coal opeiatois all too anxious to use the coal ciisis as a means of disci editing the Pigs idenfs pi 0 laboi policy Most impoitant chaptei in the stoiY begins on Sunday May 2 at which time the Piesident gave Sec letary of the Intel loi Ickes contiol of the mines On that day John L Lewis at his own lequest came to see Ickes ickes secuied fiom Lewis a 15 day tiuce and also agieed to help m the negotiations to bung the miners and mine opeiatois togethei “But,” added Ickes explicitly “anything that is done must be okayed by the War Laboi Boaid They aie in chaige of this wage dis pute ” Next day, the first bit of tempera ment flared forth It came after John L Lewis had told the press that the miners were negotiating “m cooperation” with Ickes Imme diately the War Labor Board hit the celling, ran to the White House, claimed that Ickes had usurped their jurisdiction and that the miners could not negotiate with Ickes To placate the Wai Laboi Boaid Seetetaiy Ickes called a pi ess con ference and made a public statement that he had nothing to do with wage negotiations, this being up to the
Boai d Operators Pail To Show Concein *90 the dispute di igged on John I Lewis who hales Roosevelt sat down with the Roosev elt haling mihe opci itois The opti ilois had none ot then top notch men pies enl but weie lepicscnted by second stimg lawyeis wlio when i piopo sal w IS m idc h id to go out ot the loom and phono then pimeipils Spol esm in loi the Sonlhein op eiatois w IS c\ Scnatoi Ed Bull c ofNebiasl i who opposed the Pies ulent biUeilv on ilmost eveivthm„ while m the Senate amt has eon tinned to opiiose him since Pmally as the deadline ot May 31 api cached Ickes seeing a -ceitam coat stiike lust a lew houis off called m both John I Lewis and the coal opeiatois Ex Seniloi Bmke of the Soitliein opei itois did not show up But Chailes A 0 Neill ol the Noithein opeiatois did By this time the mincis hid been given a guaranteed six day week, some consessions on the upkeep of then tools, and weie aiguing about portal to portal pay But nobody could agree how long the men were under giound so they wouldn t de termine portal to poital pay Final Ij Ickes pioposed ‘None of jou seem to know just what portal to portal means so why umnfiEiu TODAY
tommission of three
not appoint
to decide it—one minei one opera toi and one neutraU I hen wt tan keep on mining co il and when poi tal to poitilpij IS decided, (he min ers can gel the beiielil ot interim
PU ’
lolm L I Gvvis letepled this m pimciple hut pioposed that the m
tei im p IV until the tm il deeision cost 20 cents a pound
w IS m ide should (le $1 50 i da'g 0 Neil] howevei pioposed mleiim p ij ot 80 cents 1 his w IS it about 6 p m Mond ly, M IV 31 lel ts h id to le ive foi a i a (ho hioidcist ind time hick at 8 p m to tmd the eonieience still
deadlocl ed
ante to i day mteiim pay untd fin il poi tal to poi t il pay was de cided But Lew is would not bud„e He still stood out toi $1 50
of the most difficult holes of his long eaieer by a laboi union which he had helped more than any othei
Piesident in histoiy
Monkeys Get New Diet At Zoo The monkeys have a victoiy gai den at the Washington Zoo Diiec toi William M Mann is giowing sweet potatoes to take the place of nananas m the monkeys’ diet Ba nanas aie scaiee, and sweet potatoes
So he glows
Phone 4 26 or "W Lafayette wolf den Wanted Someone to cut grass once a
^Ncck Phone 2339
liost Small cosmetic bag containing Mocuic pin and pcarb, Invaluable to ownei as keepsakes Phone 66616 Reward
Gimlet Club Dinner at Biltz Thursday evening at 6 30 Call me before 6 p jn Wed nts lay if vou plan to attend Phone 2362
—MENKE
PJ Tau Sigma We play softball WedneR day Tunc ) at 4 i m on the same diamond bthinl the Phy cs building. Come out and b 11 the fl inkouts —GENTLES Sigma Pt Sigma Picnic Saturday at Ross Camp Meet at 2 p m at the Physics Building —MIDDLETON Alpha Zeta Alumni and Members Initia tion smokej Thm&day June 11) at 7 p m
Phi Lambda Upsilon Keys are here Call m West Faculty Lounge Speciaj^ invita^on
Notices
them Congiess has been asked to mciease the Zoo appiopiiation to meet increased food costs Theie is some lehef m the fact that OP A has placed a 12 cents a pound ceiling on hoise meat for the lions The mammals get 30 bushels of fiee
0 Neill had i used the vegetables eveiy day when the Zoo
tiueks makes the lounds of gioceiy stoies to collect wilted lettuce and othei vegetable tiimmings othei wise thi own away The Zoo has a
at 116 Univeisity after "pm
All Students! Tea Dance every Thursday at 4 p m at Hillel House 116 Sheetz St
—GLUCK
Basic Military Students All basic stu dents are irt,cd to note the schedule posted on tliL Bplktin Boaid in the Armoiy foi tuii ig m wool trousers and caps
—BROWN
Fraternity Presidents Council: There will bt a meeting Thursday June 10 at i p m in room 302 of the Union
—DAWSON
Dolphin Club Meeting Thursday J me 10 at 16 p m in room 104 of the Fieldhousn Bring suggestions for pledges and a report on the woik assigned to yoi
—MURPHY
Westminster Girls There will be a picnic and JUSt watch theiT hoinfiland
be over run by a bunch of foreign-^ eis The Italian my has not P‘1 bVed
RcTan?"wrfBht r^etd Odettes itself m battles fPr other lands WRDt*
ed by dear Musso, but you mayv bCi leassuied that they will fi^ht to the end foi then Italian boot The at-, tack on Euiope when it combs will not fall on Italy jiropei, but it might fall on the surioundmg islands Even the laids on Italy might be only for destructive purposes ot Italian war matenals and Itghan navy, but the people will be just like the Biitish when it comes to defending their country against an enemy
—XX—
Piesident Roosevelt is Jpstly pioud of his Hot Spiings food confeience, but the mouth of this war baby of the Piesident has been slapped too many times and has set up such a fuss that even some of the foreign delegates seemed to sh6w a dislike fOi the tieatment that was given the press Whatevei the outcome of the fofod conference was, m the long lun you can be reasonably sure that the American press will receive few favors fiom oui delegation at the peace confeience Restrictions will be passed out liberal-
extended to alumni
-PONDER
Civil Ertgideers Annual ASCD baneruefc will be held Saturday Jine 12 at 6 30 p m in the Union Get youi tickets now
—STEIN
Mortar Board Meeting at r 30 p m to morrow in the Paculty Lounge Dinner at { 1 Chostn t Room Bnn„e Towle inter view caids —LAUER All Students Two boys aie needed to help in the Home Ec Cafeteiia during noon hour Call Miss Camble at 2941 —GAMBLE
AIDE Tom of Music Hall Wednesday
night June ) at 8 ( clock Wright Field , , i »» j.i_ ind RCA cadettes are invited Meet (Ut ly to tnC prCSS lliendS OI ta©
side the Band entrance of the M sic Hall promptly at 8 —SMITH
Piesident
It ws at this point that negotia lions bioke down The tiuce expiied it midnight Jlnt night, and next day
SUMMER DANCING CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER’S BALLROOM ) Friday, June 11 7 00 P M Special Rate—8 Lessons $5 00 ADVANCED BALLROOM Friday, June 11 8 00 P M Special Rate—8 Lessons $5 00 ALL CHILDREN’S CLASSES 0>EN SATURDAY, JUNE 12 |LLEN’S 6th & Ferry
BRENNAN H WHITTY PA’iirEJTE MOWBRAY
LUMA TODAY and TOMORROW
MAI^
TODAY and TOMORROW
ARC
TUESDAY & WEDNESDAY
LLOYD NOLAN • CAROLE LANDIS A 20th CENTURY-FOX MCTUM
ALSO
— PLUS.— WALT DISNEY CARTOON
USED and NEW BOOKS School Supplies for All Courses WELCO NEW STUDENTS GET OFF ON THE RIGHT START We Have All the Approved Books and Supplies for Your New Courses
UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
Across from the Union Building
“So Handy”
M. C. "Red" Sammons, '29
R. W. "Dot" Epple, '40
Tt It
Vt
Sfi-the
in
mmwi
EVERYTHING FQR A COLLEGE EDUCATION
KV
CHECK YOUR
1: INK—The best quality drawing and writing inks available. 2. PENCILS-—Nationally known brands for drawing, waiting or coloring. 3. ERASERS — Leave no mark when erasing pencil, ink or typing. 4. GRAPH PAPER —Carefully printed for more exact plotting.
5. NOTE CARDS —All sizes for easy research work. 6. THEME PAPER—All Purdue approved forms for use. 7. PEN POINTS — Many styles of drawing and lettering pens. 8. RULERS—Celluloid and wood for exact measurement.
9. REPORT COVERS — Finest manila covers for neat looking work. 10. NOTEBOOKS—Allsizes and all prices for keeping work in order. 11. LAB. NOTEBOOKS — One for every laboratory course. 12. ANYTHING ELSE for the well prepared student.
■'tr
IL
PHONE 2976
32S STATE ST.
idYOUR
FREE SERVICES
Currency Exchange Checks Cashed Western Union Notary Public Bus Station
j^urBue Exponent
Tuesday^ June 8, 1943 ^
We Guarantee the Right Books and Supplies for All Your Courses
BARGAINS in
USED BOOKS or NEW IF YOU PREFER
STUDENT SUPPLIES
★ Drawing Supplies ★ Fountain Pens
★ Sporting Goods
★ Gym Outfits
★ Pencils—Erasers
★ Pennants
★ Notebooks
★ Fiction
★ Stationery
★ Art Supplies
★ Non-Fiction ★ Study Lamps
^WiqML BmhAiifm. mt JthsL
PURDUE BCCK^SIPPLY STORE
308-10 STATE STREET WE5T., LAFAYETTE JND.
,.21'L
Years
$ojudhsjoifdh!6u
sttK:'.
V ‘f*|