5
I Engineering Seniors Will Visit Plants ^ University senior engineering students will tour plants throughout the country on their annual in- ;^' spection trips October 30 to Novemlier 6. Seniors in the mechanical school will be divided into two groups, each making a different ^ trip. First to leave will be the chemicals, who will start for Detroit by bus October 30. They will return to Lafayette on Friday evening. Making its headquarters at the Hotel Detroiter, the group will visit the Ford Motor Car Company, De- / troit Sulphite Paper Company, the Michigan Alkali Company, Sharpies Solvent Corporation, the Ternstedt Manufacturing Company, Reviere Brass and Copper Company, Champion Spark Plug Company, Richold “ Chemical Company, U. S. Rubber Company, and Parke-Davis Com- ^ pany. EE’s’ To Milwaukee The electrical engineering seniors will be the next group to leave La- / fayette, heading for South Chicago Monday morning, October 31, to inspect the Carnegie-Illinois Steel Company. From there the group ** will continue on to Milwaukee, Wis., where the EE’s will visit the AllisChalmers Company, Port Washington Generating Station, A. 0. Smith * Company, and Harnischfeger Company. November 2 the group will return to Chicago to visit the Illinois Bell Telephone Company, Western Electric Company, Municipal Airport, General Electric X-Ray Company, i Fire Underwriters Laboratory, and Fiske Station. In Milwaukee the group will stay at the Wisconsin Hotel and in Chicago at the Chicat goian Hotel. Mechanicals To Divide At midnight Monday, October 31, one group of mechanicals will leave ^ for Detroit, Mich., to inspect various plants in the vicinity. The ME’s will be housed at the Statler Hotel in Detroit, and they will return to La- * fayette November 5. The group will inspect the Cadillac Company, General Motors Proving Ground, Ford Motor Company, '* Edison Institute, Greenfield Village, Park Davis Laboratories, American Blower Companjj, Burroughs Adding Machine Company, and the De- ^ troit Edison Company. (f The second group of ME’s will head for Milwaukee Tuesday, November 1, inspecting the Gary Steel ^ Mills enroute. The mechanicals will visit the Allis-Chalmers Company, A. 0. Smith Company, and Harnischfeger Company in Milwaukee and the Nash Motor Company at Kenosha. Returning to Chicago Thursday evening, November 3, this group « will inspect the Electro-Motive Corporation in LaGrange, Western Electric Company, and the State ^ Line Power Plant at Hammond. The group will stay at the Plankington Hotel in Milwaukee and the Great Northern Hotel in Chicago. This < group of mechanicals will also return Saturday, November 5. Public Service Boys Seniors of the public service en- < gineering school will leave Lafayett te Tuesday morning, November 1, to visit the State Line Power Plant and South Works Illinois Steel Com- ^ ‘ pany on the way to Chicago. They will make their headquarters at the Chicagoian Hotel. I Other points to be inspected inI elude: the Chicago Board of Trade, Regional Planning Offices, Park Board Offices, Underwriters Lab- [ oratbries. Municipal Airport* North- ' western Crime Detection Laboratory, Western Electric Company, I ^ Chicago Stock Yards, Chicago Traffic Courts, Chicago Post Office, the Planatarium ,and the Rosenwald Industfial Museum. ’ CE”s Leave November 2 Last to leave Lafayette will be the civil engineering seniors, who A will head for Gary Wednesday morning, November 2, to visit the American Bridge Company there. ^ The group wil spend Wednesday , night at the Hotel Gary. Other plants to be visited are the Portland Cement Mills at Buffing- , ton. Water Pumping Statioii at I Hammond, State Line Plant at phi1 cago, and Southwest Plant of the [ ^ Chicago Sewage Plant. The CE’s will also inspect bridges over the Chicago River. ‘ 4
Purdue Exponent
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana; Cloudy with occasional light showers. Cooler in northern portion.
WEDNESDAY
October 19< 1938
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 31
Bob Crasby GHII Play For Military Ball
21 Frosh Reach Semi-finals ^wing, New Orlean's style,
Will Feature Marion Mann's Singing
Stanley Green Will Speak To Activity Group Opening the first meeting of the Activity Bureau’s newly inaugurated leadership school, Stanley Green, vice-president of the Duncan Electric Meter Co., will^speak at 7:15 p. m. Thursday, October 20, in the
Union ballroom.
Green, who was the instigator of the idea whiqh resulted in building the Memorial Union, will address the group on the subject of “Activities Management.” Stressing the importance of correlation between good grades and activities, he will explain how his activity in school has been a help to him sine'e, tell where an activity fails to measure up to requirements, and show how these faults can be corrected.
First Meeting
According to Eth Baugh, secretary of the Purdue Alumni Association, “Green is one of the best speakers that the leadership school could have for this, the first meeting of its kind at the University. Activity Bureau head, Leon Jacobson stated that, “the ‘leadership school’ is the finest thing that has ever hit this campus. There has been a dire need for such a school.” To Train Upperclassmen The school is an pntirely new idea the object of which is to train juniors and seniors to derive the most benefit from their activities. This is the first in a series of lectures that will be presented once a week by the Activities Bureau. Future lectures will cover organization, personnel finance, and social functions. Although the school is open to everybody who is interested, it is very important that all activities, personnel, and organization officers should be present, according to a statement by G. W. Breuer, junior director of the Activities Bureau. Co-eds Will Hear Powell At WAA Meeting Today Purdue’s football tactics, plays, and chances in Saturday’s game with Wisconsin will be discussed by Don Powell, coach of the freshman squad, before the annual WAA Fall Mass Meeting today at 4 o’clock, in the faculty lounge. Powell, a star end player of Purdue last year, will give the girls first-hand information on| the present standing and methods i:j^ed by all Big Ten teams. All co-eds are invited to attend the discussion group and to ask any questions they might have on football. The mass meeting is in charge of Barbara Dobson. Exponent Will Offer Frosh Fundamentals Of Newspaper Work ^ Meeting in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building at 7 this evening, freshmen aspirants for the editorial staff of the Exponent will get the general background for writing a news story. At the first freshman meeting last week, 46 freshmen turned out. That same group, as well as any other men who are interested in sports or regular editorial work, should come to tonight’s meeting. Senior editorial staff members will be in charge of the meeting and will discuss sources of Exponent news as used by staff members. It is the purpose of this training to enable new workers to be able to take an active part in the work after having been exposed to certain fundamental facts.
Twenty-one freshmen out of a field of 80 were selected yesterday to continue in the semi-finals of the Beveridge Speech Contest this afternoon in room 301 of University Hall. Out of the 21 entering the semi-finals, six will be chosen for the finals tomorrow in Fowler Hall. These six automatically become members of the freshman debate team, the winner receives the Hayes Cup, and the winner and runner-up become eligible for the Hanley Contest. Freshmen who advanced to the semi-finals are: Standish, Maidlow, Manby, Smulevitz, Alexander, Stecker, Glover, Vanderploeg, Mueller, Kennedy, Carter, Udell, Todd, Alward, Hedden, Strange, Diltmer, Etter, Mitkowitz, Belles, and Lamb. Band Makes Debut At Homecoming Game The Purdue Military Band, composed of about 130 men, will make its initial debut upon the Ross-Ade gridiron this fall when it plays for the Purdue-Wisconsin game Saturday afternoon. Boasting an elaborate set of alphabetical formations, several monogram maneuvers, and several special march arrangements, the “All-American” Band will perform for the Homecomin'g spectators between the halves. In addition to this performance, the band will assist members of the advanced military corps in a flag-raising ceremony before the game starts. Unable to appear at the Purdue-Detroit game several weeks ago because of unfinished uniforms, the band is now completely outfitted and will put in its uniformed appearance as it did at the Purdue-Butler game three
weeks ago.
All Playshop Tickets Sold In Advance For the first time in the history of Playshop the entire house has been sold before the box office has opened for reservation of seats. The fact that during the final week of sales all available tickets were eliminated did not dampen the spirits of many students and townspeople who thronged to the Playshop office in futile' efforts to obtain tickets. " Fowler Hall, the scene of presentation of Playshop shows, has a rated capacity of 2,400 seats. This fact is quite coincident with the statement made by the Playshop officials during the present semester’s registration to the effect that this season’s goal would be 2,400 tickets. The importance of this figure is that it is nearly double that of any previous advance ticket campaign in Playshop’s history. These facts, according to G. D. Williams of the speech department, predict a brilliant season for the Players. . Zouaves To Drill At Game Saturday Making its first public appearance of the season, under the leadership of a new captain, Frank H. Hurst, the Purdue Order of Zouaves will present highlights of their military drill before alumni and students at the homecoming game with Wisconsin this Saturday.
Freshmen May Get Petitions For Green Potter's Jobs Today Petitions for freshmen seeking offices in Green Potters will be available today through Friday at a desk in the Union lobby between 4 and 5:30 p. m. The offices which are open include president, vicepresident, secretary-treasurer, and social chairman. Petitioners will have ten days in which to secure 50 freshman signatures. Freshmen should not sign more than one petition for each office. Petitions must be turned in by 5:30 p. m. Saturday, October 29. A charge of 75 cents will be made for each petition to cover the cost of elections. Elections will be held in the Union ballroom November 1 at 7:30 p. m. Freshmen should bring their passports as they will not be allowed to vote without them. Tickets For Shaw Mixer Obtainable Tickets for the mixer Saturday night with Artie Shaw presiding have been placed on sale outside the sweet shop. If sufficient number of tickets are sold, an amplifying system for the faculty lounge and the cafeteria will be procured. No definite limit has been set as yet on the number of tickets to be sold, but if the sales becomes too large a limit will have to be set. The usual dollar prices will prevail.
Bob Crosby and his Dixieland Band will play for the Military Ball the evening of Armistice Day,. November 11. For style and rhythm, Crosby’s band is outstanding in the United States today. Crosby comes to the campus direct from an eight months engagement at the Blackhawk Restaurant in Chicago. Crosby’s first public appearance at the age of 13 was a failure as he fled" the stage unable to remember the words of his song. After taking music at Gonzola University he joined Anson Weeks’ orchestra as a featured vocalist. His next professional step was his appearance with the Dorsey brothers when they ■ organized their band. After six months with them he organized his own band and since then his rise to fame has been nothing short of miraculous. Crosby has achieved fame which rivals that of his brother “Bing” in the movies. The band features a Dixieland style based on the type of music played by the old New Orleans jazz bands, modernized and streamlined to fit the current trend of swing
music.
Feature Marion Mann as Vocalist Featured vocalist of the band is lovely Marion Mann, petite songstress of syncopated rhjrthm. With a voice that is both sweet and hot, and with beauty that is more than pleasing to look at. Miss Mann has been featured with such bands as Ted Lewis’s and Richard Himber’s and at the Hotel Astor and Essex House, respectively, in New York City. She has also been heard on the Lucky Strike Hit Parade. Led by “Nappy” Lamare, the band is full of individual styles and novelties. Lamare is known for his hot comedy style of singing which is pleasing to the eye as well as the
ear.
Original Jazz Drummer Ray Bauduc, who started his career in New Orleans right after the inauguration of the Dixieland jazz style in 1916, is one of the outstanding drummers of the nation. Teamed with Lamare and Eddie Miller, he makes the third of a comedy trio that rates highly. During the two and one-half years that the band has been in existence, it has climbed from obscurity to the top. Featuring an individual style of its own the band is ranked second to none by thousands of swing music lovers.
23 Students Pledge Science Honorary; 5.0 Index Required Twenty-three students pledged to Delta Rho Kappa, Science honorary, at a meeting last night in Room C ' of the Union. To be eligible for membership, pledges must have a 5.0 avei’age far two consecutive years. R. R. Hannas was elected
president of the club.
Lucy Demoret and J. A. Hebbeler were selected leaders of pledge groups to present programs for two meetings of the organization. The following were pledges: Mary A. Beko, Lucy J. Demoret, M. S. Estey, R. G. Goodin, J. A. Hebbeler, N. A. Maier, K. L. Maxwell, Janette E. Morris, R. F. Munro, T. V. Parke, Georgiana Pittman, D. W. Sherwood, Helen R. Steffee, S. P. Steinbach, Elinor D. Ward, Betty J. Wickard, Marianna Wilson, E. Kammerling, Katherine Mounce, D. R. Bahler, L. B. Fishman, A. V.
Cohee, and R. C. Walter.
Tickets Go On Sale Reserved seats, as well as general admission tickets for the PurdueWisconsin game Saturday are now on sale at Deckers in Lafayette and Deac’s in West Lafayette, according to Ticket Manager C. S. Doan. Tickets are also available in the
Pieldhouse.
New Ag Chem Bldg Nears Completion
By Dan Heiple Providing space for the department of agricultural ch^istry, now situated in the Experiment Station, a new building across the mall and north of the Agricultural Engineering Building is nearing completion. However, undergraduate teaching in ag chemistry will remain in the Agricultural Building. The building,’’52 by 110 feet, consists of a full basement, three floors and an attic, and is of reinforced concrete construction, faced with brick and trimmed with Indiana limestone. It is so designed that an additional unit may easily be added at a later date. A library, office for clerical and stenographic help, the office of Dr. H. R. Kraybill, head of the department, feed and fertilizer control office and laboratory, an office and laboratory for plant chemistry, and a laboratory for resarch in soybeans
will occupy the first floor. Second Floor Facilities The second floor will house laboratories for feed and fertilizer inspection work, staff offices, an optical room, a combustion room, and an organic chemistry laboratory. On the third floor will be two nutrition offices and laboratories, a seed laboratory, and two rooms for nutrition research with small animals. In dealing with the chemistry and utilization of carbohydrates, phosphates, sterols, and associated compounds of soybeans, the department is now carrying on studies in connection with the United States Regional Soybean Industrial Products Laboratory. Stigmasterol, one of the soybean sterols, and sucrose, ordinary cane sugar, have been isolated from the soybean in research .work here. Other wgrk of the department
which will be aided by the new equipment, will be the determination of vitamin A and carotinoid pigments in plants and the study of chlorophylls by chemical and optical methods. In addition studies are to be made of vitamin requirements of farm animals, effects of various feeds on quality ojf meats, wheat rust, and hybrid corn. The department of agricultural chemistry has charge of the enforcement of state laws regulating the sale of commercial fertilizers, feeding stuffs, agricultural seeds, and legume innoculants. Over thirtyfive million dollars worth of the products are sold in Indiana annually ^and this work saves Indiana farmers thousands of dollars. Twenty graduate and 48 undergraduate students ai-e now majoring in agricultural chemistry.
Three Day Safety Seminar Begins In Indianapolis By R. P. Manion Exponent Representative INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Oct. 18. —Indiana’s Newspaper Seminar of Safety here at the Claypool Hotel reached midstage at noon today with the close of a morning’s talk on the part of education in traffic safety. Sponsored by a half dcjizen large daily newspapers over the state in cooperation with Commeifcial Interests Trust, the tbnfererice of some 50 newspapermen will terminate tomorrow afternoon with a closed session on traffic enforcement. Living expenses are paid for the visiting joui-nalists and we just finished an informal luncheon in the Louis XIV room of the Claypool Hotel. No speeches were made, but near the end of the meal John Darr, CIT trustee supervising the seminar, introduced a Mr. Herschman, of Indianapolis, who has driven a car for 30 years without so much as a fender scratch. Late To First Meeting Our conference opened Monday morning in the Palm Room on the ninth flootr of the Claypool, but oddly enough I failed to make ttie first meeting bec^jse <xf a traffic accident. (Continued on page 4)ti
it
! 1'
! I
£diJtoJuai
THE PUBDOE EXPONENT
J-iUdumM
Wednesday, October 19, 1936
Student Senate... . . . last night to forget the annual Thanksgiving holiday problem. In years past students have caused the University calendar to fluctuate between four-day holidays and oneday periods with corresponding changes in the length of the Christmas vacation. Two years ago 3,817 students signed a petition asking that the two additional days be added to the Thanksgiving holiday. The faculty decided that it was out of the question for that p^icular year, and then appointed a studdTrt^culty calendar committee to make recommendations for the next year’s University progi'am. ^ When this committee finally turned in their report it was discussed by the faculty Executive Committee. This body caused changes to be made in the original recommendations and then presented it to the faculty in a form wdiich was immediately vetoed. Faculty objections to the Thanksgiving four-day vacation are; the necessity for causing an unbalance in Monday-Wednesday-Fri-day and Tuesday-Thursday-Saturday classes, and the disadvantages of staying several more days in June. We never have been able to understand the objections concerning the unbalance, because our calculations have always shown that they are unbalanced as they are,now scheduled. Student reasons for wanting the holiday include; the desirability of having a chance to get home and break up the long, four month stretch of school from September to Christmas; ahd the chance to catch up on work, sleep, and recreation which such a holiday offers. Students hate to see Friday and Saturday classes break up the long week-e'hd which many other universities enjoy. On the surface it looks very much as if the addition of the two extra days of vacation should necessitate only the addition of two extra days in September or June. However, the report originally compiled by the calendar committee two years ago provided for an extra week of school in June. We don’t know which is the correct addition, but the idea of adding a whole week is certainly distasteful. Two years ago the question was causing much interest on the campus. Last night the
the Purdue Exponent
RfiPREBENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago ■ Boston ' Los Angeles - San Francisco Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, un^er the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and Weekly during the Summer Sesiioit. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60.
Editor-In-Chief Business Manager
H. I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor I« S. Hardin City Editor. , D. A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C, Houston, R. E, Insley, W. A, Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager ;....M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager — E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager.... — ; :....W. F. Berg Sales Manager — W. Daugherty National Advertising Manager...........— H. WvNevin Accounts Manager : — —....W. E. Smith Art Director.... 1 — —D. J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor ....R, L. McDonald Associate Editors — J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6038
Editor Associate 'Editors..
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viejspeiftt. Ail unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Bailey Issue Editor—De Hoog Wednesday, October 19, 1938
Senate decided to abandon the fight because they thought, “there wasn’t enough student opinion one way or another to justify Senate action.” We wonder.
V.C.MerediiClyb To Meet Today At 4 “How To Wear Your Clothes” will be explained to co-eds at the first meeting of the Virginia C. Meredith Club in the Home Economics Auditorium this afternoon at 4 o’clock. Posture in relation to campus clothes, afternoon dresses, and formal gowns will be discussed by Miss Marian Willoughby of the clothing and textile department. Betty Jane Darr will model a black velvet formal featuring the increasingly popular hoop skirt. Other models will be Margaret Mitchell, Lillian and Dorothy Carpenter, and Thelma Bugher. Nina DeWitt, last year’s president, who was a delegate to the National Home Economics convention in Pittsburgh, will report on this convention which was held jlast June. Martha Moorhead, club president, and Catherine Cooley, social chairman, invite all co-eds to attend this meeting. Etiquette, Social Hints For Student Body Discussed By Betty Jane Short “Traffic signals should not be needed in school halls . . . keep to the right. . do not collect in bunches that block the stairway, halls, or aisles ... do your own work, and hand in your own papers.” There you are, eds and co-eds. In black and white page 115, tome “Good Manners,” edited and defended by Beth Bailey McLean, you’ll find the etiquette which is observed by the model, you might say, muddled students. Not only is school “etikwet” hashed and re-warmed, but also the ever-debatable social requirements have been treated thoroughly and comprehensively. What Can a Guest Do? Do you wonder sometimes at the privileges or inhibitions of a guest ? Is the “only one” appreciative of your accomplished manner towai'd friends and acquaintances? If in doubt concerning your “savoir faire,” stop at the library and consult one of the dozen books and pamphlets which delve into this fascinating, sometimes humorous subject of etiquette.. In the hall of the main floor, you will see these various guides to good manners on display.
State Veterinarians Attend Short Course Approximately 100 veterinarians from all sections of the state gathered yesterday for the opening session :of the four-day Veterinary short course held at the University. Hog and poultry clinics featured the afternoon’s program, and discussions were held on the diseases common to these types of stock. Dr. R. A. Craig, head of the Purdue veterinary department, directed the hog clinic, while the poultry clinic was under the supervision of Dr. L. P. Doyle of the University. Today’s program will include discussion on cattle heredity, diseases, and feeding, and a I’eview of the pure bred horse business in Indiana. The short course will close Friday afternoon. Pharmacists To Hold Open House Today Today and tomorrow anyone wishing to see how the hundreds of prescriptions are filled every day by the University pharmacy may visit the prescription shop, and laboratories during regular class hours. Marijuana Exhibit Open house is being held in observance of National Pharmacy Week. A special exhibit on mai'ijuana will be on display in one of the hall cas^. This exhibit was shown in Indianapolis at a recent Indiana State Medical meeting. Prof. C. 0. Lee will speak at 2:30 today over. WBAA: on “The Beginning of the Practice of Pharmacy.”
Daughter
Priscilla Lane One of the four Lane sisters currently starring in the “Four Daughters” at the Mars Theater.
ARC
— LAST DAY-
with DON TERRY RITA HAYWORTH
Style yourself for Fall. We'll dress your head with charm and glory. Each person receives expert, individualized attention.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
^ Lklity
Military men are finding themselves very popular bits of humanity nowadays what with the Military Ball only three week-ends off. i^t’s queer how some gals will slave for one nigffit of dancing with a tiniform. Personally, we think they have too much brass for anyone’s good. A CHIP OFF THE OLD BLOCK Father: “My son is sure broadminded.” Ditto: “That’s’ all my son thinks about, too.” We wonder why a compact huddle of plain clothesmen were awaiting the campus livestock judging team when four of the boys arrived in Kansas City last Friday. ‘ The cops said it was that “tough little guy in the back seat who made them suspicious that the boys were despei’adoes. The tough customer was G. C. Stewart, now called “SLUG” by his Alpha Gamma Rho brothers. He: “You’re a nice girl.” ' She: “Yeah, and I’m getting pretty tired of it, too.” Seen on the highway at a dangerous crossing, “Drive carefully. Don’t become a statistic.” Len Blackburn: “Busy?” Phyllis Umfreys: “No, are you busy?” Len: “No.” Phyl: “Then let’s go to class.” The girls at the Gables are tired of spending all their eaidy morning hours calling ther chum, PAT FLINT. So they all banded together and after much sacidfice saved enough to purchase the young lady an alarm clock. A worthy cause! FAMOUS LAST LINES: Marry a girl with a good job and live off the sweat of your frau. Fraternity Thdts Evoke New Ruling y A new rule stating that no solicitor may gain admittance to a fraternity without obtaining permission from the Dean of Men’s office was recently passed by the Interfraternity Presidents’ Council and approved by Dean Fisher. Ross Dean, -president of the Interfraternity Presidents’ Council, stated that this rule has been passed in an effort to stop the series of fiaternity robberies which have occurred recently.
“Next week is Joe’s birthday—I’m thinking of buying him two new gags !”
Potter, Knapp Deliver Opening Addresses To Visiting Fire Figiters Dean of Engineering A. A. Potter, delivered the welcoming speech to approximately 200 visiting firemen yesterday morning in the EE Building, to open the Fifth Annual Fire School being operated on the campus. Following Dean Potter’s talk, Assistant Dean of Engineering W. A. Knapp, made the announcements. The remainder of the mortiing program was devoted to the hearing of statements by, and the viewing of exhibits of, the manufacturers of fire-fighting equipment. The afternoon heard several fire department officials present discourses on automatic sprinklers and Inspection Departments. The eve-
ning was devoted to an open house 'at the Lafayette Fire Department Central Station. >( Expect 450 According to Dean Knapp, who made the above statement, there t will be a total attendance of about 450 visiting firemen. However, there will never be more than 200 men on the campus in one day, because of the platoon system which is used to assign visiting days. This system divides each unit into two ^ divisions, and each division comes to the University on a different day.
More than 60,000 students in 38 U. S. colleges and universities are members of the Independent Men’s Association.
— Last Times Today——
EAGER in love
wiih PRISCILLA LANE . ROSEMARY LANE LOLA LANE. GALE PAGE. CLAUDE RAINS
TOMORROW-FRi. LLOYD NOLAN GAIL PATRICK in ‘KING OF ALCATRAZ”
— LAST DAY— JOAN BENNETT HENRY FONDA in “I MET MY LOVE AGAIN” — and — PATRICIA ELLIS “THE GAIETY GIRLS
Tomorrow-Fri.-Sat. BOB STEELE
iostmm — LAST DAY — theRlTZ ,0M6$i BROTHERS
RICHARD ARLFN ^ ETHEL MERMAN PHYLUM BROOKS
Tomorrow - Fri, - Sat.'■-v'' i! !
Wednesday, Octobes 19, 1939'
THE PUBDUS
Sp^OiiSu
EXPONENT
Boilermakers Stress Aerial Offense In Preparation For Powerful Badger Squad
f
choice
' Tired and bruised from Saturday’s grueling clash with the Fordham Rams> Coach Mai Elward’s * “Battling Boilermakers” got back into the swing of things yesterday afternoon aftei two days of muchjI needed rest Appaiently convinced that Purdue’s aenal attack has more potentialities than it has shown to date, t Mai dulled the gridders intensively on a forward pass offense in preparation for Saturday’s tilt with Harry Stuhldreher’s gieatly imf pioved Badgers Three Passers Mai gave every indication that the Boilermakers, who have thrown ^ only half a dozen for-v(aid passes in the last two games against Minnesota and Poidham, will unleash numerous passes of every type against the Badgers in an effort to round out the Boilermakeis’ fine defensive play with a much needed scoring punch In yesterday’s scrimmage chunky little Mike Byelene, promising sophomore ball-tosser, along with vet-
erans Lou Brock and Jim Nesbitt did the bulk of the passing in an extended scrimmage session against both the reserves and the yearlings. Long passes, bullet passes, shovel passes, and laterals were mixed in with running plays as the first string line and backs marched the ball up and down the practice field, against a defensive team made up of second and third string men Prepare substitutes The coaches are concentrating on preparing Ted Tykocki and Jim Nesbitt to ease the strain on Brock at left half and Mike Byelene and John Petty on Brown at right half An intensive defensive drill against Badger plays run off by a sturdy fieshman eleven, displayed the respect the Boilermakers have» for Wisconsin’s offensive power The Badgers operated almost on a par with Pittsburgh in the groundgaining angle of last Saturday’s game at Madison, but were unable to take advantage of scoring opportunities
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" EverytWno for a College Education H. G. REI6NER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This IS all we do, but we do It well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St
• Florists
for distinctive corsages ROTH FLORIST Phone 7955—8050 635 mam street
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Tailor
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
soarrendahl — tailor For Latest Student Styles 4th and Ferry Phone 6030
• Christmas Cards
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS 50 Assorted Lovely Designs with £n velopes for $1 50 Finest Quality Art $3 00 Your name inscribed on each free if desired An Ideal Xmas Gift Order Early NICHOLS & CO. Rockmart, Georgia
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic PAULA RISK—DDS HAROLD J RISK—DDS ROBERT G RISK—DDS LUTHER A RISK—D D S Schultz Building 4th and Ma n Phone 5701
By Bruce Witwer Today we present the saga of the life of Paul Humphrey, senior football co-captain and center. —^fc— We stated two weeks ago that Paul missed his first game in a straight 18 as he was limited to the sidelines during the Butler game because of his injured wrist . we now find that it was a gross understatement 42 games was the real count, going back into his high school days we found that “Hump” held the ■j^enter position on the Garfield of Tferi e Haute eleven for three years and didn’t miss a game —^fc— Basketball claimed his attention for two years while at Garfield . . . on coming to Purdue, however, he decided to concentrate on football . . Paul rose to grid tops while in high school as well as here at Purdue ... it was “Football Captain Paul Humphrey” his senior year at Garfield also —^fc— While centers usually have very little opportunity to score for their team, Paul has one touchdown play chalked up to his credit two years ago, while a sophomore, he caught a fumble during the Wisconsin contest and carried the ball across the goal line for a needed six points —^fc— As a frosh hopeful. Hump tipped the scales at 165 pound and aroused doubts in the minds of the coaches as to whether he was going to make the grade to the varsity or not . . he did . . . now he is 20 pounds heavier and the coaches have done an about face . . now they are worrying bout his being able to play all of the time —^fc— In reference to this year’s team he said “The team this year is the best one that I ever played on . the players have a better attitude, cooperate, and we’ve got speed ” —^fc— Paul belongs to Theta Xi, Gimlet,
Hetmen Richards, Frye, Lucht Annex Class Tennis Titles With all but the all-campus finals concluded, the 1938 intramural tennis season is i caching its close The 1 emaining title is to be decided Friaay afternoon, with Harry Deutman and R E Lucht playing the third and deciding set of their championship match In the finals of the class championship G Frye beat P Miller, 6-3, 4 6 6 1, to gain possession of the junior senior laurels, F Richards whipped J Powell, 6 4, 6 4, to take the sophomore championship, and R E Lucht defeated his all-campus opponent, Deutman, 6 2, 7-6, foi the freshman honors It has been announced by “Chief” Clevett that all finalists and lun-ners-up will receive gold oi silvei medals
Intramural Notices
TOUCHBALL PRACTICE Today
Pjeld 1— Ward 2— -Ward 3— Ward 4— Ward 6—Ward 6— Ward 7— Ward 8— Ward 9— Ward
I vs Ward 2 3 vs Ward 4 5 vs Ward 6 7 vs Ward 8 9 vs Ward 10 II vs Ward 12 13 vs Ward 14 15 vs Ward IX 2X vs Ward 7X
SOFTBALL
Today
Official Troyer Boyer Krick Weiiola Evers Luce McGrath Margohan Smithson
Official
Diamond
17— —Alpha Gamma Rho vs Winner (Delta Chi vs Beta Theta Pi) 18— Loser (Beta Theta Pi vs Delta Chi) vs 'Winner (Phi Kappa Psi vs Phi Sigma Kappa) Poster 19— S A E vs Winner (Phi Delta Theta vs Kappa Sigma) Berry
SOFTBALL PLAYOFFS Yesterday Ward 7X 9 Cary Hall 6 4 Cary Hall 9 2 Ward lOX 1 Ward 6 6 Cary Hall 2 0 Cary Hall 10 17 Ward IIX 2
and the “P” Men’s Club ... his aim IS to get an assistantship at some college after graduation and coach while studying medicine.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side oi Square SHEAFFER. PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
BARGAIN CENTER 20-22 North Third Street
MEN'S OXFORDS AH Sizes C 4 Q Q Value $7.00 ^ I . / 0
LADIES' OXFORDS Ail Sizes ti ti £M All Brands ^ I * i Ml
We handle Bankrupt Stock and Sample Merchandise
SALE! SALE! Early Fall Styles 500 Pairs
BROWN SUEDE BROWN KID BLACK KID
Sizes from 31/2 to 9 AAA to C
BUILT-UP PUMP High Ties Alligator Finish and Spectors
0£'B5 PENE company
DOWNSTAIR!
Cross Country Runners To Vie In Inter-School Meet After a week of intensive practice, runners will have an opportunity to prove their ability m the inter-school cross country race which is to be run over the two and one-half mile course on Russell Field this afternoon The race will start at the Fourth street entrapce to the field at 4:15, and contestants will - circle the field three times.
BIG TEN BANDWAGON
By Rolfe Jenkins
In rating the football teams ovei the entire country, Paul B Robinson lists Minnesota highest among the Big Ten teams, but has them elev enth on the nation’s list Setting 100 0 as ^the mark foi a peifect team, Williamson gives fiist choice to the Pitt Panthers and second to Notre Dame, with the Gopheis topping Western Confeience schools with a 92 5 rating The remainder of the conference teams rank as follows Northwestern, 19th, 91 7, Michigan, 20th, 91 5, Purdue, 25th, 90 2, Ohio State, 36th, 89 2, Wisconsin, 37th, 89 0, Illinois, 39th, 88 8, Indiana, 49th, 88 0, Iowa, 97th, 81 5, and Chicago, 117th, 77 3 —B-T-B— Bob Zuppke’s improved Ilhni take on the Wildcats Satmday, and Bob IS trying to assure himself of'the comfort of having quarterback Mel Brewer in the lineup The game is predicted as a Northwestern victoiy if Brewer remains op the sidelines, with a possible tie if the field general with the defensive power is able to play —B-T-B— Northwestern has foui stiaight conference teams to meet, three of which are undefeated in conference play so fai After Illinois, the Wildcats tackle Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Michigan The Puiple team is blessed with one of the best centers in the Big Ten in John Haman, who’s line-backing up foi the full 60 minutes of the Ohio State game was one of the mam reasons that Buckeye running plays were stymied —B-T-B— Ohio State’s line outweighs 'the Maroon line 26 pounds to the man, so Shaughnessy has decided to tiy a passing attack as the only chance foi his Midway men to get any-
This meet is the first of four intramural cross country meets which are to be held in the next four weeks Inter-ward, mter-fratemity, and intei fraternity freshman meets will complete the cross country schedule for the year No Entry Limit Runners ■will be given their numbers by cleiks who will be stationed in fiont of the Fieldhouse Any number of men may enter from each school, but the team’s scoie will be detei mined by the positions in which the fii st three men from each school finish E J Holderman won last year’s meet, Avith M L Clevett, Ji , and C L Sclater finishing in second and third places respectively The following men are ineligible for the meet A Bodeau, A P Knapp, P. B Maiozick, A V Gaulke, R H. Fatout, W M White, and C C. Reeves Edwards, ME '29, Designs Own Manufaduring Plant S R Edwards, ME ’29, has designed and built his own plant, the newly formed Edwards Rock Wool Manufacturing Company, located at Temple, Tex Edwards is president and general manager of the company, which now employs approximately 50 persons Edwards, who has been with the Johns Mansville Company from the +ime of his graduation until this year, was an outstanding student and was active in student affairs while at Purdue
wheie against Coach Schmidt’s outfit —B-T-B— Remy Meyer, Chicago quarterback, Dave Davenport, right halfback, and Ed Valorz, fullback may not be the best in football circles, but the thiee are all champions of one type or another Meyer is a legulai on the basketball team, Davenport is the Big Ten sprint champion, and Valorz is the Midway wiestling champion
All of Lucien Lelong’s lovely things are here, in sparkhng array Indiscrt t M on. Image, Opening Night, and all the othti famous perfumes . . and bewitching Colognes bi t them soon.
DECKER'S
518-520 Main S».
Phone 6477■s'"’
• «
3[oad. (Mdu.
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
TbaticaA,
Wednesday, October 19, 1938
—Today— 11:00—Prof. Robert Phillips, American Institutions. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks. 12:15—Sports Review, Dick ly12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Wanita Wilson, soprano. 1:00—Meditation^, Rev. Homer Dale. 1:15—The Monitor Views the News. 1:30-—Geography in the News. 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—Afternoon Musicals. 2:30—Observations of National Pharmacy Week. 2:45—Melody Moments. 3:00—Concert Review. 4:00—Contract Bridge Chats, by Julius Born. 4:15—Dick Curtner, pianist. 4:30—Purdue Round Table. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
FOR SALE CALL 7828 and order a case of 820— economy toilet roll $4.60. TYPEWRITERS—All maXes, standard and portaI)le, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Idain street.
CALLING ALL FRATERNITIES—Chapter Bulletins a specialty. You furnish the copy—we set the type and furnish you galley proofs. Yon m^e up the dummy—we print and you are ready to maiL Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
ROOMS FOR RENT ROOM FOR BOYS—Large front room with twin beds. 212 Wiggins St.
BEAUTIFUL ROOMS—Single bed, bath and toilet separate, city heat, telephone 6391.
ROOM for two boys with board $27 per month each. 123 Sylvia St.
FOR RENT—Single room. 421 Main.' Phone 65022. Close to the campus.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—A brown suit coat. Reward. Return to William Leamon, 460 N. Grant St. Phone 45972.
LOST—On Main street, tan alligator skin billfold containing money and New York automobile license. Phone 5065. Reward.
LOST — Green jacket, brown leather sleeves. Reward. Phone 7724. Soloff.
LOST:—Key ring with several keys and TONCAN souvenir. Please return to R. Bishetsrieder, 123 Andrew Place.
M. E. SLIDE RULE LOST in Dr. Miller’s ofiiee. Call 2532 and ask for person whose name is on case.
MISCELLANEOUS QUESTION?—Why not use paper napkins. A nice embossed standard weight 13%xl3^/^, only $3.60 per case. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
I WANT TO BUY A TUXEDO. Call 66494. Size 36-38.
SPECIAL—Would you like to earn some easy money ? No definite hours required. Call Mr. Grover 7 :00 p. m. to 8:30 p. m. Tippecanoe Motors, Inc., Fourth and Brown. Phone 3765.
WANTED—Student who wants help in Chemistry. Small fee. Call 35271 after 7 WANTED-^Your laundry. Phone 36614.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 51 1 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
New VICTOR RECORDS Released This Week
• 26068 Livery Stable Blues—F.T. High Society—F.T. Bunny Berrigan and Orchestra • 26069 One Day When We Were Young I’m In Love With Vienna Waltzes by Wayne King • 26066 You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby—F.T. Sailing At Midnight—F.T. Tommy Dorsey • 26067 Two Sleepy People—F.T. Have' You Forgotten So Soon Sammy Kaye THE FOSTER SHOP ‘ tost Side Square
Dunbar To Speak At Charm School Katherine Dunbar of the Katherine Gibbs Secretarial School of Boston, Mass., will speak at the next charm school meeting on Thursday, November 3, at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Mrs. Dunbar, who is now making a speaking tour of the middle west, is an attractive young business woman. She will discuss charm in the business world. This will be the third meeting of the charm school which is sponsored by WSGA and YWCA.
Three Day Safety ~
(Continued from page 1)
My roommate was driving me through Lafayette early Monday morning to road 62, from where I intended to hitchhike down to Indianapolis. (Traveling expenses are not paid by the sponsoring newspapers.) Between Third and Fourth street on South street, another motorist stopped in front of us suddenly and without signal. Reporting the accident to the police, checking on cost of repair for the damages, and talking the case over with a justice of peace prevented my participation in the morning session. Appropriate of the occasion, however, I got a fast ride down to the city with an Armour Tech, Chicago., graduate who is employed as a safety engineer for a large insurance company, and he was just returning from the National Safety Congress held in Chicago last week. Purdue Mentioned Purdue University is mentioned frequently in discussions of traffic I engineering and safety education, and I heard President E. C. Elliott’s name brought into the conversation •following this morning’s meeting. Joseph C. Lingo, Purdue’s i own traffic expert, sat in on the 9 o’clock to 12 session this morning and was
called upon once for information about automobile dri'ving training in Indiana high schools. Also here is Bob Royster, Sci. ’37, who has been working for the state department of traffic engineering for the past three months, since he completed a year of graduate work in public administration at Harvard. The seminar is divided into three phases of safety discussion: engineering (Monday), education (yesterday), and enforcement (today).
YWCA Music Group: All co-eds interested in music are invited to attend the first meeting of YWCA music discussion group in YW office Thursday, October 20, at 4 p. m. —WATTLEWORTH. Co-eds: All co-eds interested in varsity debate, meet in room 301 of University Hall at 7 p. m. Wednesday, October 19. No tryout speeches required at this meeting. —WINCH. Debris Workers: All Debris ■workers who signed up for the picnic meet in the Debris office at 4:30 Wednesday, October 19. —WINTER.
Riding Club: Officers’ meeting Wednesday, October 19, at 7:16 p. m. in Student Union office. —COOPER. Alpha Zeta: Meeting in room 1 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Wednesday, October 19. —STONAKER.
ment from gym. Men’s equipmen-fc will be on field. —BALCON.
Student Book Exchange; Will the following people please call for their hooks at the Student Union Office: D. Darmer, A. Hustvedt, W. Vick, H. Cary, J. Worterburger, M. Carr, B. Short, R. Ray, D. Hutt, J. Shoemaker, C. Mills, B. Dygert, and W. Fenstermaker. (10-21) —RICHARDSON.
Riflery: All men interested in using the Fieldhouse rifle range or wishing to form a competitive team must register by Thurs,day, October 20, in' room 106 of the Fieldhouse from 4-6 p. m. Proxy registration permitted. —SCHNEBLIN.
Activities: Will representatives of all activities''^^not listed on last year’s Activities Chart please notify me by telephone 2437. —LUTZ.
Advanced Military Students: Will the seniors and juniors participating in the flag raising ceremonies before the Wisconsin game please meet in Ross Stadium at 4 p. m. Thursday, October 20. —PICKERING.
WSGA Executive Beard: Meeting Thursday, 'October 19, at 7:46 in the WSGA office. —BEAMING.
Union Sophomores: My committee please meet in the workshop at 4 p. m. Wednesday, October 19. —HRUBY.
Women’s Bowling: Tournament Wednesday, October 19, at 7 p. m.: Kappas vs. Phi Mu, and at 9 p, m.: Thetas vs. Fedalion. —STOCKER.
YWCA Music Committee: All girls interested in music meet in YWCA office Thursday, October 20, at 4 p. m. ■“ -r-WATTLEWORTH.
Student Chevalier DeMoIays: All Chevalier DeMolays call Robert Borton any evening between ,6 and 6:30 before October 21. Phone 46022. —MOORE.
Gold Peppers: There will be a compulso^ meeting Thursday, October 20, at 6 p. m. in room C. —COOLEY.
Horticulture Club: There will be a meeting in the Horticulture Building Wednesday, October 19, at 7 p. m. —BLAKER.
Lutheran Students Association: Meeting in the Union at 4:30 p. m. Discussion led by Reverend Stolldorf. —GRANNON.
Roger Williams Club: Conference group will meet at 8:46 p. m. Thursday, October 20, at 140 S. Grant stfeet. —GLEASON.
Union Bowling Tourney; The following teams will play Thursday, October 20, at 7 p. m.: Theta Xi vs. Triangle, Theta Tau vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. The following teams will play at 9 p. m.: Sigma Pi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon and Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. —WILLIAMSON.
Purdue Student AUiande; Important meeting Thursday, October 20, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 2 of the Union'. All members: and others interested in the PSA are urged to attend. Minutes of the NEC meeting and other reports will be read. —BASS.
Motorcycle Club: Meet in room A of the Union Building Thursday, October 20, at 7:00 p. m. to petition for University charter. —STRIEB.
Alpha Phi Omega: Smoker for freshmen Wednesday, October 19, in the faculty lounge at 7 :15 p. m. —GASTON.
Purdue Flying Club: Meeting Thursday, October 20, at 7 p. m. sharp in room C of the Union. The class “A” members who do not attend this meeting will be grounded for one month. One hundred per cent attendance is expected. —CHEVEDDEN.
Purdue Engineer: The following men report to Felix or Rice in the Engineer office at 4 p. m. Thursday, October 20: Mossberg, Lantz, Lawler, Stevenson, Packman, Maidlow, Horth, and Fisher. —SQUIRES. Wesley Foundation: Hallowe’en party on Friday, October 19, at 7:30 p. m. at the church. Free. —HOOVER.
Lodde Contestants: Sign up for Lodde co-ed speech contest after 4 p. m. any day this week in room 101 of University Hall. —PHILLIPS.
Exponent Editorial Freshmen: Meeting in reception room of the Memorial Union Building at 7 tonight, October 19. —HARDIN.
Cancellations: Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before Saturday noon, October 29. Cancellation cards may be obtained from heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of lie department in which the subject was given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after October 29, if properly approved by the department concerned and by 'the Dean of Men. —FISHER.
Eta Kappa Nu—Business meeting at 7 :30 p. m. in room A of the Union Building Wednesday, October 19. —KECK.
Sophomore Union Workers: Will my committee please report to Paul Cooper at 4 p. m. Wednesday, October 19, in the Student Union office. —CREPPS.
WAA Hockey: All freshman girls are expected to attend the practice in the Fieldhouse at 4 p. m. Wednesday, October 19. —SHAFFER.
Mixed Archery: Class 'will meet Wednesday, October 19, from 4 until 6:30 p. m. on women’s range. Co-eds check out equip-
Wisconsin Alumni: Eeverend Gleason wants a good turnout for the Homecoming Banquet Friday night, October 21, at 6:15. Tickets are selUng at $1. A table will be reserved. A. J. Berge,' alumni secretary, will be there, and probably President Dykstra of Wisconsin. . —BAUGH.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Wednesday, October 19, in room B of Union at 7:30 p. m. . —AYASUN.
Exponent Co-ed Workers: Meeting of freshman, sophomore, and junior workers in room E of the Union at 4 p. m. ’Thursday, October 20. Meeting will be short but important. Any freshman interested may come. —McKEB.
Wesley Foundation: Wesley Foundation will have a mass hallowe’en party Friday, October 21, between 7:30 and 9 p. ni. at the Methodist Church. EveiYone welcome. —HOOBER.
THS ri^MERIOIN' UUNDRY .and. .CLEANiflG. ca
Poultry Club: Meeting Wednesday, October 19, at 5 :30 p. m. in the Poultry Building. All ag and poultry short course students are invited. —JENKINS.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting in room F of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. Thursday, October 20. Get Wisconsin game tickets then. —HALL.
Wesley Foundation: Morning Watch will be held Thursday, October 20, at 7 :30 a. m. with Pi'ofessOr Gunn as leader. —MELSER.
Gimlet: There will be an important dinner meeting for all actives and pledges at the Alpha Tau Omega fraternity house on Thursday, October 20, at 6:45 p. m. Be prompt. —SWAN.
are by our clotbesf American Dry Cleaning Will keep you Always Well Dressed
American Laundry
Fine Cleaning and Shoe Repairs
West Side -132 Vine Street
Sophomores: Those desiring positions as track managers report to the stadium Wednesday, October 19, at 4 p. m. —SCHLEGBL.
...Chesterfield writes it for everybody who smokes ’em It’s pleasure you smoke for. . . everybody knows that . . . and it’s pleasure you get in every Chesterfield you light Chesterfields are milder and bettertasting and here*s the big reason... It takes good things to make a good product. In Chesterfield we use the best ingredients a cigarette can have,.. mild ripe tobaccos and
Paul Whiteman Every Wednesday Evening George IuIracie Burns Allen Every Friday Evening All C. B. S. Stations Eddie Dooley Football Highlights Every Thursday and Saturday 52 Leading N. B. C. Stations
Copyright 19J8. pure cigarette paper. Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co.
..with MORE PLEASURE for millions
(^1 F'.‘
A ^.1'
y.*
A )V
f."
y f
* f: