^ >>
xftMem
Volume 53, No. 81
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, Decenii>0r 17,
■MiMigiM
Biveters Meet Uclans In Fieldhoase Tonigbt
University Musical Organizations To Present Christmas Convocation In Music Hall Tomorrow Evening
University Orchestra
University musical organizations will present a Christmas program for the final Convocation for Worship of the year tomorrow at 8 p.m. in the Hall of Music. Albert P. Stewart and Joseph M. Ragains will direct the University choirs and orchestra respectively.
Opening the program, the orchestra will play “Spirit of Christmas,” a fantasia by Reibold followed by excerpts from “The Nutcracker Suite” by Taschaikowsky. The latter will include “Overture Miniature,” “Marche,” “Danse des Mirlitons,”
“Danse de la Fee-Dragee” and “Danse Russe Trepak.”
The second part of the program will be devoted to carol processions. The entire choir of 250 voices will form in special lighted processionals, in which
six different groups will march q, i , q down the Music Hall aisles to ^tUuGnt oCHStG the stage, where a group of ^ C * I Christmas carols will be sung. ^pOHSOtS opGCl3l
Following the choir, the audi-
Bishop To Examine Reserve Applicants Tomorrow, Friday
Sherwood Stops Tour Of Play Scheduled For Convo Jan. 9 Alfred Lunf, Lynn Fontanne Team Cancels Performances Of 'There Shall Be No Night' Alfred Lunt and Lynn Fontanne’s appearance in “There Shall Be No Night,” scheduled to be presented at a convo January 9, has been cancelled, according to announcement received frorii Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the Convocations
Committee.
Robert E. Sherwood, author of the highly successful production, has cahcelled the tour of the play because the locale of the play is in Finland, which
country is allied with enemies
of the United States.
The decision to stop fui'ther pcrfoimanees of the play was reached last Saturday night after confer*ences between the Playwrights’ Company and the Theater Guild, joint spon.sors of the production,
now in its third season.
Last performance of “There Shall Be No Night” will be given tomorrow night in Roche.ster, Min-
nesota.
Professor Gunn stated that plans are going forward to secure a sub-
Activities Bureau Presents Final Fresh
Forum In Union Today
This afternoon at 4 the last of
four Freshman Forums for this year will be held in the west faeialty lounge of the Union. All freshmen who are interested in participating in campus activities should attend
Aim For Third Straight Win In Pre-Season Tilts
By Bob DeMars
The Boilermaker hardwood combination will be seeking its third consecutive non-conference victory of the season this evening when they encounter the Bruins from U. C. L. A. iyi a basketball game that is scheduled to begin at 7:30 p.m. on the Fieldhouse court. At the same time the squad will be striving to leave no stones unturned in their attemp to enter the Western Conference race with creditable warmup performances behind them. P/i4' V^ill Hold Following this tilt with the Uclans, the Boilermakers will stack LJ I* S against a strong Great Lakes HOliCiS'V L^3t1CG Quintet that is laden with outstand- * ing collegiarts of the past few seaI If* f" • J sons, in the second home stand of /f| OlOn t rtCM3Y Friday evening. * Little is.known about the comparPhil Levant and his orchestra will utive strength of the U. C. L. A. agplay their “sophisticated rhythms” gregation, because Riveter scoutg for the annual PIA semi-formal have had no opportunity to see the Christmas dance Friday from nine squad in action this season, how-
to twelve in both ballrooms of the Union. This band comes to the campus after engagements in the
i i i i iv, 4. -j. • VI 1 XU 4. if they have not previously atstitute, but that it is unlikely that v ^
Holiday Trains
Again this year, the Student Senate will sponsor special Christmas vacation trains on the New York
Concluding^ the convocation will Central lines. According to Dick Dibe the presentation of a Bach can- bos. Senate president, there will be
ence will also join in the singing of Christmas carols, under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, who is in charge of the entire program.
tata, “For Us A Child Is Born” by the choir. Soloists for the evening will include Marvin Smith, tenor; William Rothenberger, baiitone; Wiljiani Morgan, tenoi; and Alice Coe, contralto. Accompanist will be Joanne Lloyd. The public is invited
Applicants for entrance into the officer-training piogram of the Naval Reserve will be examined by Lieut. Commander Bishop, U. S. Naval Reserve officer tomorrow and Friday. All men interested in this phase of the national defense may sign up in the personnel office in
the Executive Building.
All those registeiing will be divided into three different classes for consideration. The first class will be composed of January grad-
over 800,000 Army men on furlough
this Christmas and students are ^ates, engineeis and students who urged to buy their tickets as soon have had 2 yeais of mathematics, as possible in older to be suie of year of chemistry and one year getting seats on the holiday trains, gf physics. Upon passing the phyIdentification coupons^ good for sical examination, these men will round trip fares went on sale at be immediately eni oiled in class
eeem ei convoca- University Book Store yester- V-7, the engineering training school
day and will be on sale there for jf all requirements are met. the rest of this week between the ^he secofid group will be made houis of 4 and ,5.30 p.m. January graduates and nonTheie will be loui special trains engineers who, on passing the phyleaving Lafayette Saturday des- sical examination satisfactorily, tilled foi Chicago, Cleveland, Buf- will be sent home on requested defalo and New York. The x’ound trip ferment from the selective service, price for the Chicago train is $4.00, pending enrollment in the next V-7
the Cleveland train $9.75, the Buffalo train $15.50 and the New Yoik
train $25.00. ,
The train schedule sare as fol-
tion. e.h.a.
Virlginia C. Meredith Club Holds Christmas. Meeting Monday pight the Viiginia C. Meredith club held a meeting in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building. Group singing was led by Marjorie Williamson assisted by
group to be called next May. The final group is composed of June graduates, both engineers and non-'engineeis who, after meeting
Joan Beckner. An illustrated talk lowsi the Eastern trains leave Laf- the physical and other requirements.
on Christmas wrappings and gifts was given by Miss Coia Faust of
tbe Foster Shop.
The members of the club brought food, clothing and toys for the needy childrep in this vicinity. Plans were made to assist the Red Cross in a knitting project, and then refreshments were served, k.s.m.
ayette at 12:45 p.nv CST and arrive at Cleveland at 8:20 p.m. EST, at Buffalo at 11:35 p.m. EST and at New York at 8 a.m. EST Sunday; the Chicago train leaves Lafayette at 1 p.m. CST and arrives at Chi-
cago at 3:40 p.m. CST. k.r. Phi Sigma Kappa
Over 150 . . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: . . . people danced yesterday aft- John L. Huffman, president; George
omoon at the Needy Kids Tea Dande in both ballrooms of the Un-
ion.
A newly-formed campus band. Doc Mira, furnished music. Jane
K. Huffman, vice-president; George Freck, secretary; Irvin Overmeir, treasurer; Edwin L. Karpiek, sentinel; Howard J. Willhoyte, rush chaiiman; Richard Morgan, co-rush
Ulm, local high school girl, hand-’ chairman; Allan J. Buckreus, social
led the vocals. chairman.
Flag Raising Ceremonies Will Highlight Contest With Great Lakes Team Friday Flag raising ceremonies and speeches, with the University band and Navy speakers taking part will be featured at the “Navy Night” benefit game with the Great Lakes team Friday night, according to announcement from Mai Elward, ath-
letic director.
Before the start of the game, a flag will be raised in the Fieldhouse to the accompaniment of appropriate mu$ic by the University hand, after which ^ each of the Great Lakes play- tion of Rear Admiral John Downes, ers will be introduced by Lt, commandant of the ninth naval dis-
J. Russell Cook, athletic officer at the Naval Training Station, During the half-time period, Lt. Commander R. A. Brown, public relations officer, will address the crowd with regard to the navy.
Big Tert Approved
Special permission for the game, used for the welfare and benefit of which is to be a benefit affair, wa.s Navy personnel in the thirteen midgranted by the Big Ten faeulty ath- western states eompi ising the Ninth letic committee, with the coopera- Naval District, w.g.h.
will be granted requested defer-
(Continued on page 4)
A TPiS Fetes Town Girls At Holiday Party Tomorrow AWS will hold 1 a Town Gills’/ party tomoiiow at 4 p. m. in room 336 of the Union. All University town girls and those living in private homes of less than thiee gills
aie invited to attend.
Becky Ann Pervine, chairman of the organization committee, announced that the informal program would include a, jitterbug contest. Further entertainment will follow the Christmas theme. Betty Gray, Ruth Holden, Ruth Filer, Lois Bang her, Becky Moiiison, Maiy Larsen, Bonnie Swope and Sara Andrews are assisting in program
ailangements. b.m.p.
Library Hours
ti ict.
A portion of the proceeds fiom this game will be tinned over to the navy, and will be used to pay the expenses for the trip. The entiie remainder will be contributed to the Navy Relief Society to be
The University Library will be open during the greater part of the Christmas vacation but on a reduced schedule ot hours. Full service will be maintained at the Reference Desk, the Loan Desk and in the Re-
served Book Room.
All library books now in the hands of students who expect to leave the city should be returned to the Library, however special loans may be made to such students if they will make application at the Loan Desk. Such special loans will be limited to books normally circulated for two weeks and cannot include seven-day fiction, periodicals or books from the Reserved Book Room. The schedule of hours will be posted on the Library doors.
any substitute can be made, w.g.h. Col. Drysdale Speaks At Scabbard, Blade Initiation Banquet Members of the University chapter of Scabbard and Blade, national military honorary, heard am address by Colonel Walter S. Drysdale, colnmandant of Ft. Benjamin Harrison, last night at an initiation banquet held at Lincoln Lodge. Col. Drysdale, who has spoken heie previously, saw active service with the United States Army during the Spanish-American War, the Philippine, Insurrection, and the Cuban Occupation, and has served as the military attache of the American Embassy in China. He is on the War Department Staff Corps eligible list. Thirty-seven were initiated into the organization, w.e.r. Purduvians Provide Banquet Program “Purduvians,” University musical gioup, piovided the musical background foi the annual banquet of the Indiana Society of Chicago at their meeting Saturday in the Gland Ballioom of the Stevens Hotel. Will Hajfs, movie censor, a native of Sullivan, Ind., was guest of
honor.
A movie entitled “Hay’s-a-pop-pin” honored Hays and his woik to improve the motion picture industry. “Let’s Go to the Movies,” a recoiding by the “Purduvians” was the musical theme of the photoplay. Introduce Carmichael Number The male quartet of Jim Chase, Ray Friend, Joseph Richards, and Maivin Smith sang the world premier of Hoagy Carmichael’s “Ain’t God Good to Indiana.” Later in the program the quartet accompanied Naomi Cook of the Chicago Opeia Company in singing “Night and Day” and “Stardust.” Janet Dixon, Albeita Schmadel, and Caiolyn Wood, compiising the girls’ trio, inpersonated Salvation Aimjt workers in a dramatization of H^ays’ movie cen.sorship. Joanne Lloyd provided the piano accompaniment for the musical selections.
Triangle
. . . social fraternity, announces
the initiation of William G. Hoskins, Libertyville, 111.; Henry H. Wakeland, Indianapolis; Gifford M. Holden, West Chicago, 111.; George R. McCay, Hammond; William H. Traylor, Aubuindale, Mass.; T. Clifford Smith, Westfield, N. J.; Danilo G. Santini, Tenafly, N. J.; David C. Reckard, West Lafayette; Vernon S. Buinidge, Elgin, 111.; Donald R. Sutherland, LaPorte; Robert M. Whitely, Dayton, 0.; Warren G. Burres, Indianapolis; Kermit V. Smith, Rutland, Vt.; and Clifford K.
Jones, Michigan City, b.m.p.
The Forum is conducted by the Activities Bureau as a small part of its general program to help freshmen become acquainted with the campus organization and what they do. At this meeting Dick Dibos of the Student Senate, Bill Hepburn of the Student Union, and Bob Gimlin of the Activities Bureau will be the principal speakers. Each will talk on one phase of the subject, “Service Organizations.” After the individual addresses have been given, a general discussion will be held among the freshmen and the upperclassmen, who will endeavor to answer any questions about their respective organizations. r.a.b. Final Examination Booklets On Sale In Cashier's Office Eight of the twelve modernized sets of examination books edited by the Student Senaite in co-oper-ation with the University were put on sale yesterday at the cashier’:? office in the Executive Building. The four remaining sets will be put on sale the latter part of this week. The examination booklets have been mimeographed from the stencils used 'for making last year’s finals. To facilitate working with the books, the pages have been printed on regulation paper, 8% x 11 inches. The books are in loose leaf form so that the separate tests and their parts may be easily re-
moved.
A list enumerating the exact courses contained in each booklet has been posted in the cashier’s office. The books which are now on sale for twenty five cents include finals for the following groups: (1) Agricultuial and forestry freshmen and sophomores (2) Freshmen engineers'(3) Sophomore engineeis (4) Junior and senior chemical engineers (5) Junior and senior electrical engineers (6) Junior and senior mechanical engineers (7) Freshmen and sophomore home economics and (8) Junior and senior metallurgical engineers. Other books to be out the last part of this week will include: Junior and senior civil engineers; Junior and senior public service engineeis; Fioshmon and sophomore pharmacy; and all Physical education students, p.s. Hort Society Presents Orchid Lecture Tonight “Life History of the Oichid” will be the subject of a lectuie to be given to the Hoiticultural Society tonight in room 117 of the Horticultural building. Accompanying this talk, which will be given by Robert Simpson, will be slides of the various types of orchid blooms in the University green houses. The business meeting following the lecture will be shoit because of the Purdue-U. C. L. A. basketball game, m.j.l.
Phil Levant
ever, the Bruins come from a section of the country that has produced its share of outstanding' squads in recent years and it tS generally conceded that the Boilei makers will have their hands full this evening. Heavy Team According to reports eminatin^ from the west coast the oifenso of, the Uclans is built around a fast and clever forwards. Go-cap^ tain Ernie Handelsman and Mick^ Panovich, and their efforts are nunte than ably supported by a trio ^ husky ball players who average nearly 200 pounds to the mdo.' . Their..junior ceinter,..JahB^^|^Kair and the guards. Co-captain Bob Air shuler and Larry Gittler, all recoil weights of from 195 to 200 ponnd^» but don’t be misled by those for all three of these men can tprtt. on the speed when the occasion war-
rants it.
Getting back to the Riveter cantp^ yesterday’s practice was mote Ot less of the warm up variety Whick is designed chiefly to limber up the squad and work out any kinks that
may have developed.
Schroeder Hotel in Milwaukee and the Bismarck Hotel and the Trianon
Ballroom in Chicago.
Composer of the Marquette “Victory March” g,nd “Afterglow,” Phil
Levant had his start as a violin Taube Takes Over
player. He disappointed his family Pinch-hitting for Piggy Lambert, by shunning the profession of a con- whose head cold made it necessary cert violinist and joined a dance for him to miss the pre-game Jrills^ band at the age of fifteen. When he Mel Taube ran the squad thhouglx was nineteen, however, he had his a series of driving shots from UPt own orchestra playing in Chicago der the basket, and following a theatres. ^ smoothing over of their fast break. The PIA will display the new pin, the squad tapered off and left the
which has recently been adopted, at floor early.
the dance. PIA members and their The Boilermakers’ performance dates will be admitted on presenta- against the DePauI five in handing tion of their membership cards and them their first defeat of the yea? passports. Admission for non-mem- seems to have satisfied Piggy, for bers will be $1.10. The Executive he indicates that he will send the Board of the organization requests same squad onto the floor to meet
that no corsages be worn, e.h.a. the Bruins tonight.
Survey Points Out Qualities Desired By Employers In College Graduates By Associated Collegiate Press Scholarship and character are the qualities most sought in college graduates by American employers. Investor Syndicate of Minneapolis reiiorts after a national survey of graduates*
job prospects.
What do you kno'w? What are you? What can you do? Whom do you know ? Employers are quering job applicants ift about that order. Schools list qualities sought as follows. In order named: scholarship, ^— lu..
first more times than all other (Beatifications combined. AdaptahiHty ranked second more times than all
other qualities.
Dissenter ’
Dissenting slightly fr
character, adaptability, campus popularity, personality, athletic prowess, ability, alertness, extra-curricular activi-
ties and dependability.
Industrialists faced large orders scholarship emphasis, ^ that must be deliveied on time, the fen, assistant dean of survey report observes, are stress- Tech, said that “personality ing production rather than distri- adaptability seem to he playing'' a bution. They aie more interested more important part in the seleetiqli in WHAT a job applicant knows of men than heretofore, thoogh than WHOM he knows. Scholarship high scholarship still carries gveat
emphasis proves this point. Schol- weight.
aiship, mentioned 375 times, or 23.3 James P. Kerr, professor,of hbffper cent of an aggregate of 1,610 iness, North Central college, Napmentions, is listed thiee tunes as erville. 111., noted trends often as either peisonality or cam- “more speiyfic training and npiQ<!0 pus popularity, about four and a winning personality,” half times as often as athletic Adaptability i,
prowess, and more than nine times
Leo P.
Kibby, dean of
as often as extra-cun icular activ- Ventura, Calif,, Junior colli
ities
served that “an
uMor colloid
unparaUftte^: |i89^
Character, although in the ag- phasis by employers is
gregate not mentioned as many upon the need for adapIftllR^ iil|
times as scholaiship, was placed (Continued on page 4):, t '
, "■' ' /"r
Wm
Purdue Exponenl
Wednesday, December 17, 1941
lEIHir-QO
By Dpew^Pearson ai^ Robert S. Allen
Ma<;^iilh^f ^ Philippines l^ote<| ^js^pood Organ izer; llp^^iji ^An^eric^ first' "WASHINGTON, Dec. 16.—Those vfho knew General Douglas MacArIhur in (France are not surprised at tlie superb job he is doing- in defehtling the Philippines. ■During the last war he was one of the Army’s- bravest and most picturesque hig-hei- officers. Once wffien he \yanted some information a,bout. the enemy he went over the top himself, took a. German dug-out by surprise and came back \yith a prisoner. He got bawled out for it, because no general is supposed to expose himself to fire. But his nien ‘ worshipped him. As Chief of Staff in Washington duting the Hboyer Administration, MacArthur was an energetic gogetter for anything the aimy needed, and a good organizer. In the Philippines -this organizing ability has been ■ one of his greatest assets, for he has had the task not only of building up a Philippine army, but getting cooperation with the U. S. Army, the Air Corps and the Marines. Tncidentally, MacArthur is following in the footsteps of a soldier father. General Arthur JlacAi-thur, Who became famous foi- cleaningup the Philippines after the Span-ish-American war. America: FirstOne place where the surprise Japane.se as.sault really , created . consternation . was in inner America ■First circles. The isolationist generalissimos w.ere as completely sunk as the' sliip.s bombed to the bottom of Pearl Harbor. .Just a'week previous, America First - leader.s , had einbarked on a new line of operation.':—open political acti.vity—and.had even gone .so far a.s to spend a large .sum of money, for the campaign of an isolationist candidate in the Seventh k'lassa-chusetts-Distiict. Their No. 1 , limelight attraction, ex-hero Lindbergh, was all
set to take the stump in this light. Also, he was\ffuietly weighing whether to toss^hih'hat into the 1942 congressiPli4l elections arena. ’ , But the Japanese attack blasted' pll the.se ambitious scheiues to snii- i tliereens-—including the America First Committee itself—Jhough not until after a sharp dispute among the inner leaders. ■They split over the future of the organization. One group, led by Generar Robert Wood, favored immediate dissolution and fuU support of President Roosevelt in the.prosecution of the war." Another group wanted to hold off for a while to see what developed. 'Strief-esf- Confidence' Members of the Senate Naval Affairs committee know the whole story of what happened at Pearl Harbor, including the reasons vyhy U. S. forces were caught napping. Tliey were given a detailed account of the disaster by their chairman. Senator David I. Walsh of (Massachusetts, after he and Representative .Carl Vinson of Georgia, dialrman of the House Naval Affairs committee, were given a.Confidential fill-in by Admiral Harold R. Stark, Chief of Naval Ojevations. Walsh gave his colleagues the information in “strictest confidence,” and on condition they wouldn’t breathe a word to anyone, even their wives. Vinson, however, was less trusting. The Georgian flatly icfused to tell his committee what he had learned'from Stark, insisting it was up to the President to make knowii the facts at the pioper time. The Pre^;jdent hit the ceiling when he heard about Stark’s off the record disclosures. CallingStark oil the carpet, he bluntly demanded why the Admiral had not consulted him.before talking to Walsh and Vinson. Stark replied that he thought he was acting with White House approval and that as all members of Congress were clamoring for information about the Pearl Illarbor disaster, he thought reasonable leaders such as chairmen 'of the Naval ’committees' were entitled to know'. i The President' .said he I'oalized thi.':, but it w’as too early to make a report. He. also tartly reminded the Navy chief of the number of news leaks'on the Hill. ' Stark. suddenly called off his scheduled appearance before Vinson’s committee. Note: Naval cii-cles say the Japanese must .know the extent of .the damage caused by their air attack, .since, aftoi- the first wave of bombers, the second wave ■ gets photographs -which show- the extent of the damage, and the third wave gets final photos of the fires and sinkings. (Copyright, ,1941)
The Ratio.
■m,
• • to
SAE Bob Ten Eyck is really a man of his word. Before going after his dinner date, Chi 0 Anne Van Hooke, he told his brothers he was going to put his pin out. Well, Aufie came to dinner—with Bob’s pin..fncidentally, the pin just came back from a Chicago siren Thanksgiving vacation. The “sleep and eat” boys do things up right, don’t they.? Be.sides starting fhe formal season ahead of time, the Thetas have instituted another custom a^-ound here. The other, night the gals serenaded the other sororities with Chvistnias carols! Y.ou’ll have to convince us that there was more than just, Christmas spirit behind this, ’cause they’ even sailg' to the Kappas. Meo-w'I
We met Bob “Halfwit” i^dams in the Health Service the other day with a frozen hand to be thawed out. Wonder if this can be traced to the cold wave or to his holdinghands in the Sweet Shop with Janet
Moreliouse?
Carl Tafel can certainly be credited with having the “kiss of death.” No less than three girls he has gone, with since the beginning of the se-
mester have taken other , pins on hint. But dobs it d^upt pur C. G^^ ? Nope! He holds’ihi§ ^ fastens the saifeiy ph'tpRpfri.his .and looks 'i^pr new.iWpijds. to'cppqupr.; ^Wj^at a^jhian! • v ■■ ■ V ■ ■ L ■ ' ■l^liile ih Dayton .jast ^WP^k-pud, S.I|^ Gerte “I go with ,.p K^pipa” Adtms thoPght he’d g:o for a swim at, t;he. local rlkMCA.. G^ne forp:ot■ he wasft’tjp,aborting jp lihe»P,p}^de pppl „p,^vi ‘‘pressed’’ .,s;pp,9,p4i,i),g}y. .He..did . not realize his.fatal error until the , sound of feminine laughter greeted his ears as he came pp .fi-pm his .first di-ye.' (Wow! We Iwould' ha-ye liked tp ha-ye seen his ears then.
' s> I * ■
Bob Skallerup, of the Sig Ep cro-wd, is b-Urning the candle at both e.nds. in a big w,ay.,Lat;ejy .he’s, been fpripusly co,ufti.ng:that blonde' eggshell of the Cb) O’s, Kay Heitman. The.pther day, the.‘\X and Horse,shoe” gals' caught him bXiyihg 'a Christmas present down at the village. .Being- the “gnpid’sj li^fle helpers” type, they helped hini pick it out.' Bdt’.b ; little did they'knotv it ■W’as for a girl back hp.me. AC^R Irv Daniels a!rtcl a couple of his brothers were oVer in the Sweet Shop' knitting' the other day. The boys around hei-e will be Raving taffy pujls next.
.“Campus Varieties,” WBAA’s hour, program of laughter, music, and dramatics,-will' be presented toI night frpm nine to ten o’clock. Orig-(i-Rally, gp,hftMed ,^pr .,,^a,fcpp.cl»y.,4ft-ei-noqn, the ho.pr. fun-show was pushed up until this; evening, and iBill Stewart, “Campus Varieties” master of ceremonies, announced that th® studio doorS would be ppen
to'everyone.
Going on the air immediately after WBAA’s bro^jidcast of the UCLA game, “Campus Varieties ■wfill feature Iiw Gi-ven’s orchestra, a short, ten-minute ‘sldt,. titled A'Eittle Red Riding Hood—1942 Way,” and gags by the WBAA copiedians. This week's .“Campus .Varieties” is WBAA’s last a-udience show before the Christmas holidays.. Director Bill ^tey^art .^pid (yesterday, “Campus Varieties this week is better than the last show, Which supposedly -was the best, yet."
Notes Dr;,W. ^^Iinnis from the National Aniline, and Chemical Company will cpnductinteryiejvs today from 10:30 a; m. to 4 p. m.,for science seniors and doctoral candidates in chemfsti'y and for senior chemical enInterested science students should ppppvt.p.o .|)r. ,,P(ffice in the Chemistry Building, and'chemical engineers, at Dr. Bray’s office in (jihe Chemical and Metallurgical
Building.
COMPANIES SCHEDULED TO VISIT CAMPUS Owens-Corning Fiberglas Corp., Newark, Ohio, Dec. 17 and 18. AUis-Chalu^ers, Milwaukee, Wisconsin', Dec. 1'7, 18, 19.' .Pj-est-O-Lite, Indianapolis, Indi-
ana, pec. 18. > U.,(.S. .Pisyy, SXjcony Vacuum Cojjnpany, pppplfy, lyn, N. Dec, 19.
RJDiRSOf THE PURPLE €A0li
.Hipye ypw fifes FHOISE SANPQNED NOW! Unique Process Refreshes Color, Re.sjtqres Luster Our Saitiionc dry rlcaiiiat^ r«st«)rrs llie silky .lu.sjurc <tl ne>^iies9 l« sr-dicnls mlilully rrlubrioul..; liir 'iihei-s, si.ins a ‘-sill..mill liiiisli.-
NOW SHOWlNOr^^ —FIRST RUN ' 5:^ei^s0Oe*.Say5,lt'$ jllWWIIMfERlOVglNTOTERi^iij
Irttt Sk C«4rlc Kinlwitto. Mtol BfflCt..Oi«l Miir l ■ ■ ;i. ■ .Wh : Mickey" Moifie ■
Chicago, III Gary, Irid Michigan City, Ind.. Indianapolis, Ind......
R. T. .$2.95 2.95 .2.95 .2.10
,l4ew York, N. Y. Pittsburgh,, Pa...... Boston, Mass,. Jersey City, N. J..
■ 9,,0,0 . 23;.e5 . I 7:‘65
(Plus Tax) FREE MEALS .AND FREE PILLOWS
, Low Ratos to—-Minneapolis, Minn.—Madison, W's-—'Amaha. Neb. Kansas City, Mo.—Denver, Colo.—Los Angeles, Calif. YANKEE TRAILWAYS 208 N. 5th Street Phone 4475
\r
<fi.^ lntraniftFai ^ews ^
fey Joe Dawson In the next few days the Universjty and the IntrainiTral pe^artinent in particular will lose one of its* mo'at c,onsciehtious and Hlkable workers tn the person of Miss Mary ,^hi§f, Oievett's favorite Sj^eretarytJi'MlsS:' Leadbettef' will be relieved of her di^tieh l\ere at the elfld of thO^ Titeek in d^der that she n[iay be tparried during the Chfistnijas holidays* ' . ► ^ Mary for the( past few years has t^Oen the “big gun” in the Intran^ural Department. Largely through her untiring and trusting efforts, the entire intramutal set-up has advanced to the high point at which it nOw stands, ‘Getting over into the actual standings now, we find that in the fpternity /'^la'isg ^A” t^asketball cdmpetitiont' Only four teams out of t^ie original thirty-five remain undefeated. The DtJ’s, runners up last
year and the Sigma Chis have won five straight, but each has one game
,yet to be ^played.
Both Lambda Chi and Phi Delta Theta^ fraternities are undefeated in four contests to date. Incidentally these teams will meet this week, so it is going to be kinda tough for bop-i to remain undefeated very long. Phi Kappa Tau and Alpha Tau Omega have completed their schedules with won and lost averages of five and one, which may be good enough to get them into the play-
offs, to begin after vacation.
By the end of the week the eight finalists of the I annual f:);aternity squash matches will be determinqd. Three teams. Sigma Alpha Mu, Sigma Chi and Sigma Pht Epsilon, pie defending champs are already assured of places' in the finals starting the week after vacation. j_Each has been undefeated in their three
matches. "
r
A pipe wqifld in^ke Aflood CHristifi^s.presqnf— See them et—
PWOl BflBli & SIIPPIV STOm
’ ''308-lV^TATE WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
Squash Squad Loses Itop 'y'lmnter ;By>tl()se I'l^erdid Coach M. L. Clevgtt’s varsity squash team fell short of victory by a 3-^ yofdict in their match .with the ,Dayton, Ohio Y. M. C. A.,.sqLuafd on Saturday, ^ December 13. This defeat brought their season record to a total of three losses and one tie. Clevett’s charges are losing most of their matches by a very slim mar-
gin.
At Dayton, Captain Gene Adams was defeated 3-2; Norm Goldstein lost 3-1; and William Bond fell in similar style 3-1. On the winning side, Dave MacMillan survived with a score, and.Ed Wells did likewise 3-2. Eastern Trip >i[ears Chief, Clevett will travel, yvith, his squad on a tour of the Eastern states during Christmas vacation. .Five men will form the, roster for the trip. Captain Adams, Goldstein, (Bond, MacMillan, and Wells will probably make the trip, but Francis Hess, Jesse Fant, and Henry WilIdnS are looming as possible candidates for the select five. Five Meets Scheduled On their ^aunt through the East, ,the Riveter s,quash squad will compete with fhe "University of Pennsylvania and Stephens Institute at Hoboken, New Jersey. Also on the holiday schedule hre Amherst, Yale, and Williams, all of Now York. Following vacati\)n the squash Squad will start the new year on Satuiday, January 10, when they play host to the Indianapolis Athletic Club. This will be the second meeting of these tlVo teams this season. Purdue will be seeking a revenge for their earlier 6-2 setback, s.a.w.
Wednesday, Pecepulier 17, 1941
, I^ e ‘ ^
Ihe ^ofts Gestapo , By phil inhiisoii Uclans Have Tough Nighi Perhaps some of you are wondering .somewhat as to what kind of a team UCLA will bring to the Purdue goalery tonight after their massacre Monday night at Omaha, Neb., at the hands of Creighton University. First of all, there is noidiscounting the fact that Creighton has a tough ball'club. But, in our estimation,' the inside dope on the 38-18 licking lies in a bit of Creighton strategy of the first tvater. The same night the Creighton was putting the bee on UCLA Dutch Fehring was scouting the Indi-ana-Nebraska game at Blo'omington. As Dutch was talking to his old friend after the game. Coach A. J. LeWandowski (who had just taken a severe trouncing tiom the Hoosiers) the Corn Husker coach happened to mention the UCLAnCreighton tilt. ► The Qld Z9he Defense ■ Said ho, “I understand that Creighton is going to spring a tough zone defense on the Uclans tonight.” In all probabilities, therein lies the tale. The Californians not being used to that kind of defense were probably stopped colder than the American resistance against the Jap attack on Hawaii. It happens to the best of teams. Do we think they will be stopped like that tonight? Definitely not. We’ve seen too many teams bounce back from a game like that and knock the block off of their next'dpponent. Be looking for that tonight. ^ Sounds LikevSome North Carolina Dew There’s going to be a lot of confusing things happen in Durham, N. C., at the 28th renewal Of the Rose Bowl game, recently changed to the Duke Stadium. It’ll probably be the first time in gridiron history that a team played on their home lot and yet was the visiting team. All ticket sales, traffic management, and other problems will be handled by Oregon State College who will be the host team in every respect.
Faculty Bowling
^ 6m. 8-12i>lg*l < Ilieh Team Sets Animal Hush Agr Extension
Recitation
Speech Stuckey
Lull
Hoefer
High Ind. Sets
Recitation
Animal Hubli.
Chemistry 1
High Team Games
Stuckey Weitkamp Hoefer
High Ind. Games
2508 2461 2457 2402 667 543 538 OlO 868 8.31 257 217 203
Meet the Telm presenting^. •
LEAGUE STANDING
Insure Gay, Bright Holidays! The cheerful glow of a bcuutiful tietv lamp luill make your Chrisimas all the meuley—lamp gifts aie pleasing, ptaclical afid in thorough good taste.
Use Our
I® Budget Plan
‘4* to ‘24*' No matter how little oi how much you wish to spend, you'll find a lamp at fust the puce you want to pay—out extensive collection offets a wealth of styles—Lamps for every room, each ready to bring Yule happiness to fortunate homes FURNITURE , — 4TH FLOOR
AND RE M EMB E
DON'T YOU WORRY, liQNT YOU SIGH
JUST GlV|-1fM A
You can't give a man enough ties for,p^p|tmas ... but if you want to see him wear the ties you give —• be sure they are Beau Brummell ^ Ties. ^They're always a welcomedjgiff_on any man's list. $1.00 to $3.00
Apri Extension Executive Animal Husb
Physics Daily 2
Ajrr. Exp Station
English
Geneial Engr
Dairy 1
Agr Chem 3 Farm Mgt. Horticulture 1 Mech Engr
Poultry
Recitation Civil Engr Agionomy
Speech
General Stores Chemistry 1
Forestry Agr. Engl
Elec Engl 2 Chem Engl Agr Chem 1 Hoiticultuie 2
Pharmacy
Agi Them 2 Elec Engr 1 ,
Won
30
Chemistry
Highway Res }5 24 Biology 12 27 High Team Set to Date, Physics 2631. High Team Game to Date, Physics 010. High Wotkly Ind Game, Stuckey 257 High Weekly Ind Sets to Date, Stuckey 667 Spencer - 607 Hoefoi 600 High Weekly Ind Games to Date Stuckey ^ 257 Knoll ‘ 236 Eib 231
Interfraternity Bowling Charlie Lewis, Union vice-presi-dent, in charge of the inter-fra-ternity bowling tourney, wishes to announce that due to numerous preChristmas activities, there are no bowling patches scheduled for this week.
A GIFT...
Bob Riley
By Paul Miller Bob Riley, 6 foot, 190 pound guard fiom West Lafayette, is an example of the local boy who made good. He is the brother of Virginia Riley, recent Debris beauty queen. Riley IS twenty years old, a student in the Aeiiculturc school, and a member of Delta Upsilon fiateinity. While attending West Side High “Horsey” played football, baseball," tiack and basketball — of course, besketball was the major sport. Since onteimg Ptiidue, Riley has confined his efcoits to the hardwood and has done a fine job. So far this season ho has gained a starting post in both games. His fine defensive woik against DePaul last Fi iday was an indication of his ability The nickname of “Horsey” was acquiied while in giade school because he was such a fast runner. Among his favorites ai-e Glen Miller “Autumn Nocturne,” and Lana Ttunei. Aftei graduation “Horsey” plans to settle dowm and raise chicken^.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD L RISK — DENTISTS _ 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4fh and Mam St. LafayfHci
FOR HIM!
Nowhere on earth will you find such shoving speed and comfort os Remirgton now offers you In this amazing four-headed shaver...and nowhere will you find a gift more welcomed by men. For the Remington Fdursome IS equipped with three full-sized shoving heads plus a trimming head for sideburns and mustache.
OPEI EVERY MIGHT IJIVTII 8:00 PI661Y WIGGLY SUPER MARKET 720 Monhwestern Ave.
THE FOURSOME
Deluxe packaging with handsome shoving mirror inserted in lid of cose, the most modern development in electric shaving. . _ ^
“::fc.5o
AC-OC • MODEL 78
Now under-arm Cream Deodorant , safely ^ , Stops Perspiration
$19
fOkJALS^Af Toiletiies — btieet I’loor
1. Does not rot dresses or men’s shuts. Does not trntate skin. 2. No waiting to dry. Cab be used rrght alter shaving. 3. Instantly stops perspitacton for 1 to 3 days. Removes odor from perspiratton. 4. A pure, white, greaseless, stainless vanishing cream. 5. Arrid has been awarded the Approval Seal of the American Institute ol Laundering 4oc being harmless to fabrics. Axzicl is the LARGEST SEIXINO DEODORANT. Tty a ja* todayl
ARRID
,39#“4“
At «U stones soUimis tgllet WHstl*#''■ - I"-
. . ; former Indiana University All-American will play with the Great Lakes Naval Training Station five when they face the Boilermakers Friday night. Andres is not only a star on the court but also plays third base for the Louisville Colonels of the American Associa-
tion.
Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress 6£ M*arch 3, 1879, and at the special rate oif postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. T’ublished doily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00,
Last night' the Women’s Residence Hails held tlieir annual Christmas dinner party. From each hall unit a girl wa6 selected to head a committee which planned the dec-;
oration sand entertainment.
In Wood Hall tables were arranged in banquet .style and decorated with red candles and pine boughs bought from a local nurs- ‘ ei-y. All the girls brought inexpensive gifts that were, placed under two trees, one for boys and the other for girls. Arrangements have been made; to distribute the pres-
ents to needy children.
About one hundred and twenty five attended the banquet and Ruth Ann Ross led carols. Recordings of semi-classical music were played
during the dinner, d.e.p.
Movie Convo lows Briglish Films S tudent Art Guild presented the (rtii of its series of Little Movie ^fiyos Monday evening at 7:30 m Music Hall. *^^C l>rograin consisted of three f tish documentary films: “Spring i^nsivo,” “Night Mail” and “Man ^MAran.” »i|;p*Spring Offensive” was produced by the British government. iiii;?]^illustrates the untiring efforts of Briti.sh peasantry to provide ' t|5#d fOi* the beseiged British Isles. #ight Mail” is a saga of the Britgovernment’s efforts to improve ■whiniunication facilities in England. It was produced in 1936 by W- H. Auden' husband of Erika Jifann who vcas the speaker at last Saturday’s convocation. Auden’s commentary in verse adds to the ihterest of the film. “Man of Aran” tells of the struggle for existence of' the fishermen of Aran, an island (Sf fhe coast of Ireland. It was produced by Robert Flaherty and is one of the first feature length nonfi'^fional films. The film is a study ^ communal life rather than a travt^ogue. f The third Little Movie Convo has been postponed until January 20, instead of January 13, as originally scheduled. Survey Points (Continued from page 1) employes to new working conditions. Employers belittle the notion that high academic ability assures a eprresponding ability in work adjustment,” . ’S'Campus activities and all around iffeilities elicited many comments. .4i S. Von Rpeder, registrar, Uni'Ifcrsity of San Antonio, Texas, felt '*^at there “seems to be an increasing, demand for graduates who have i_ghown by their application to school f^^ork and participation in construc’fiye campus activities that they are ;^pable, energetic, and efficient in ;Sti^atever they undertake.” “The ,^|st graduates, according to J. R. J^cAnelly,. director of placement, Mprthern State Teachers college, Aberdeen, S. D., get several chances for positions while the mediocre picked for inferior positions >*hen the good ones are gone. ^V-.Selecting only campus leaders .pauses many good men to be pvei'"febked, a Minnesota liberal arts college complains. f . F. Harding, Jr. . EE, ’33, has been promoted ;^,' the grade of captain in the 38tli 1 Division at Camp Shelby, Mississippi. Captain Harding is an assistutility officer with HQ of the 38th Division. He was a refrig-Crator ^gineer for General Electric Co, in ^cksonville, Fla., before entering the army.
Notices
Bishop To
Editor-in-Chief News Editor... Mana^ingr Editor.... BiMiness Managrer..
...Ned A. Ochiltree John L. Traugott ..Leland W, Ruffner Don S. Powers'
STAFF FOR THIS ISSUE Night Editor . .. Kieper Issue Editor Rafert Day Editor Ramsdell Sports Editor . Fraser Reporters:. R. A. Blackburn, R. L. Mahion, A.- S. Marlin. Pickering. R. M. Parsons, Ahrens, Stenberg, W. Summers, Lauc,i*, A. R. Christma, K. G. Roiiuemorc, W. G. Hoskiii.s. '
(Continued from page 1). ment from selective service until they are graduated at the end of the year. Upon receipt of their degrees, however, they will be enrolled in V-7 either as engineers or deck, officers after the training program sponsored by the Naval Reserve. . . Men who are accepted for this training may apply for further specialized training in diesel engineering, aeronautics or some other branch of engineering. Engineers graduating from this officers training school will assume positions in charge of some phase of the engineering that is required in the navy or else become deck officei’s. w.s.
Science Seniors; Graduating in January 'are asked to call at Dean Enders office. Coulter Hall at their earliest convenience.
—ENDERS.
Purdue Gymnastic Club: Members are asked to pay their dues for Nov. and Dec. at the office of Dr. Eastwood, Room 110 at the Fieldhouse, ■—POZER Mathematics 105: Quiz on ‘Wednesday, Dec. 17, ■will be held in Room ,Sl:l of the Recitation building. —AYRES
Registration Workers: Students who Wish _ ^ to work for the Registrar during Die second the "baskSbaii game!
semester registration, January 27 and 28, 1942, are requested, to make application beferoe Christmas on blanks to be obtained at the Regi.strar’s office. Those with previous experience af registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference.
—R. B, STONE
POMM: Time for Debris pictures has been changed. Watch this column for new time. —BUSHNELL Thomas Say Entomological Society: There will be a meeting on Thursday, Dec. 18, at
7 ::10 p. m. in Agricultural Halt.
—CLARK
Independent Staff: Pictures will be taken Wednesday, Dee. 17. Come to the meeting dressed for it. Meeting will bo held at ,7 :1.5 p, m. —SMULEVITZ
Ail Advance Course ROTC Students: Report to main office, Purdue Armory, Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday to sign payroll and other rcquireil papers. —GRAHAM Marriage Course: Meet Tlrursday, December 1,S, instcaii of Friday. Dee. 19, at i-egular time to hear Dr. Rice. , —BENNETT PIA Board ^lcmbers: Important speei.al meeting Wednesday, Dec. 17, at 4 p. m. Please he there. - ELDER Cheerleaders: Meeting on main baskethall floor lit 4 p.m. today. —DcGARMO
Reamer Club: Basketball tickets may be obtained from me in Exponent office. Please get them before vacation.
—RUFFNER
Horticultural Society: Due to the basketball game, the meeting Wednesday, Dec. 17, will begin' at 6 :,S0 and be . finished in time for the game. Simpson will speak on orchids in room 117 of the Horticultural Building. , -^-NORDLINGER Independent Students: PIA memberships may be obtained at the PIA office everyevening this week from 4 to 6:30, also Friday evening before the dance. —GORIS AWS Executive Board: There will be meeting tonight. —McCULLOUGH
A MERRY CHRISTIVIAS
and
Gold Peppers: Meet at Alpha Chi O house at 6:30 p.m., Wednesday, Dec. 17, before the basketball crame. —SCARFF Alpha Phi Ome^a: Important meeting, for new rhembers Wednesday, Dec. 17, in room. 263 of the. Union. Those, unable to
attend call Cartmell at 842L
—SIGLER
A VERY HAPPY NEW YEARS EVE!
Let Us Get Your Clothes
Yon will be missing the enjoyment of better looking clothes if you don’t have them Crown cleaned and pressed. SEND' THEM TO US TODAY. ' ,:1 I • ■ ■ I iMmm
Classified Ads
. Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mime^ilfrapb WQi:k done. C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main. Lafayette. Phone 2779. Exponent Carriers Wanted: Must have Mcycle or car. Apply Exponent office, 4 :1.75:30 p. m. For Kent: room. Warm. Across from Union. 810. 410 State Street.
KEEP YOUR HOME NEAT AND ATTRACTIVE WITH ACE PAINTS FIXTURES — HARDWARE John Sperb Hdwe. 822-24 Main St.
^UllUlilllllllllllllllilllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllll'^ I Goody's Fine Shoes | g Goodwin's Shoe Store = § In The Village = g- 302 State 1
The ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ CITY MEAT MARKET Extends it’s sincere THANKS for the people’s patronage during the past year! We wish you a Happy New Year! We hope that we may have the opportunity to extend our services during the coming year! Thank Yon!
Southworth’s
Yon Can’t Go Wrong— IF YOU GIVE SMOKES
What man wouldn’t appreciate a gift of his favorite smokes?
XMAS WRAPPED CIGARS
La Feindrich, Panatela 50’sLa Fendricli, Panalela 25’s. Phillies, !>0’8 La Palina, 25’s Cremo, 25’8 Cremo, 50’sVan Dyke, 25’s.. King Edward, .50’8
....$2.25 ....$1.25 -..$2.25 $1.15 .$ .85 -,..$1.55 . $1.15 .$1.15
Xmas Wrapped Pound Tobaccos
HAEEICIL 16 oz. VELVET. 16 »/. CRANGEIL 16 oz. IMHNCK ALHEHT, 16 . MODEL, U oz. KENTl-CKY CLUB, M IIAr.K i HAI.r
Ituin uim] Maple, 16 Briggs Keg, 16 oz. Briggs, i6 oz. Tin... India House, 16 o/..:. 1. nioii Leader,' 16 u Couniry Doelor,. 16 George Wasliingloii,
XMAS SPECIALS
r’llll.I.II* MOllltlK Gll-T CIIKSI'S. .-,00\ or.l) COM) CIPT. C.IIMSTS, ■.’•.lid’s, C.WIIsL.S CII'T CUKST.S, .';(ll)’s M’CKV .STHIKE CII'T CUEST.S, .'.Od’s S|i<niil MIDDI.KTON VAIUE'I'I Kl'f
.MIOni.ETO.N m.ENDIM; YOUft 0\V,N’ KITS tl.O', MIDDI.ETO.N lil.ENDI.NC KITS..,..: S3.,';o l'l.,\ME Clt/MN KAYWOODIES .SIO.OO Kii,.STi:.\ i'li’ES s.',.(i() . .s7..';o - sii.no . sio.oo -Ml .Naliiiiinllv 'Vihcrti-ffl nriiiHl. (if I’ipe.s to CIkki.k from.
[ BOOK S mvi STOOE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
Southworth’s
"f tm '•! I ^ S-V; 1’ I-
DEBRIS PRICE GOES UP TO-DAY! $4.50 UNTIL 6:00 P.M Buy Your Debris at the Sweet Shop Debris Office or from a Debris Salesman