Puriiut TSxpaaent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University.
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, 1937
NUMBER 126
Ddiate Team Meets Co-eds From Alabama Here Tonight
The University’s affirmative varsity debate team composed of Robert Royster and Charles Petticrew, will meet a co-ed negative team from Alabama College at 11 o’clock this morning jn the high school at New Richmond. The njien’s negative team will meet the co-ed affirmative from Alabama College at 7:30 tonight in the faculty loimge of the Memorial Union Building. The subject for this debate is “Resolved: That Congress Should Be Empowered To Fix Minimum Wages And Maximum Hours For Industry.” Purdue’s negative team will be composed of Robert Sasser and Wayne Fredericks. TUNE UP FOR BIG TEN TOURNEY An extended tour is being made by the Alabama teams which left Montevallo, Ala., March 26 and are engaging in 26 debates against 17 colleges in eight states. These debates today will serve as a final tune up for the Purdue teams before the Big T^n Debate tournament in Chicago Friday and Saturday.
Plan Individual Lockers In New Fieldhonse; To Use Basket System
By Bill Fifield One of the most convenient and interesting features of the new gymnasium is the locker system that is to be installed for the men participating in intramurals. Each man will not have a permanent locker, but he will have a permanent basket. The baskets, grouped like drawers in a steel filing cabinet, will be in contiguous rows along which there will be aisles, one aisle for
Prof. Turner Improves
Prof. W. P. Turner, who was injured last Saturday in'an automobile accident, is reported to be in a fairly good condition. St. Elizabeth Hospital officials, who were contacted last night, did not know when Turner would be released from the hospital.
JTau Epsilon Phi
Tau Epsilon Phi announces the election of the follo-^ying officers: president, Leon Gardner, Whiting; vice-president, Harold Zweig, Gary; treasurer, Ben Katz, Gary; scribe, Eugene Levinson, Gary; historian, Maurice Karnowsky, Rensselaer.
April 7, 1937 CHIN Golf, a game designed to aid shavers in traveling! down the facial fairways in the least possible number of strokes, shouted “Fore” on nine university campuses last Saturday . . . —30— COLLEGIANS, one from each of the schools in the Ivy League (Yale, Brown, Princeton, Williams, Dartmouth, Amherst, Columbia, and Wesleyan) competed in bringing their faces out of the “rough” with a minimum number of strokes and, of course ... no slices . . . —30— THIS contest; the first Eastern Intercollegiate Chin Golf Tournament, was refereed by Grantland Rice and was held on April 3 in New York City ... and broadcast by radio station WOR . . . —30— IN the event that any of the contestants nicked himself, two strokes were added to his score. Six more “strokes” were added for allowing a bristle to remain and 10 “strokes” for leaving dried soap visible on his face, neck, or ears . . . —30— THE game’s object, as explained in the Rule Book of the United States Chin Golf Association, is “to promote skill and success in the shaving of the face and to transform this morning task from its present state of ^profane drudgery into a sport worthy of participation by civilized man.” —30— ENTHUSIASM for this new “sport” was voiced editorially in the London Times; “Shaving is not to be a solitary and penitential morning rite, a time for gloomy reflection, for staring into the mirrored picture of an unattractive fpce and for bursting into ill-timed soliloquy. It is to become a sport and the day is to be started with a game . . . the game of Chin Golf . . .”
the students, and the other for/the men in the equipment control room. The intramural men entering the gymnasium will turn to the left when they reach the ground floor. The baskets will be in the first room to the left of the equipment control room. When the student reaches his basket and unlocks it, a small flag will drop down at the back as he removes the basket, letting the equipment men know that the basket has been taken out. When the basket is returned, these men put in clean towels and raise the flag. The student takes his basket and lock and goes to the locker room. Here he takes any locker and places the lock from his basket on the locker. When he is through exercising, he returns the basket and lock to its original position. From the locker room stairs lead up to the other floors where the basketball and handball courts are located. The entrance to the pool
is through a large shower room between the pool and locker room. To the right of the pool and the equipment control room are the varsity locker rooms and the training rooms. We shall present this part of the gymnasium in our next article.
AU Home Ec DinnerT onight
Omicron Nu and the Virginia C. Meredith Club are sponsoring a banquet for,all home economics students in the Home Economics cafeteria at 6 o’clock this evening. “Spring And Summer Fashions” will be the 'subject of the discussion by Marjory Rush, ’36, an employee of the Loeb and Hene Company. She will show appropriate fashions for co-eds for the coming season. TO AW\RD MEDAL Lillian Murphy, general chairman, will serve as toastmistress and will present the Omicron Nu medal to the most outstanding home economics freshman of last year. Nina DeWitt, ticket chairman, announced that one hundred tickets have already been sold. They can still be obtained from Miss DeWitt or at the main office of the Home Economies Building.
Corrected Scholastic Index Puts Acacia In Fourth Position
Acacia Fraternity has been notified through the Registrar’s oflSce of a correction in the nrst semester scholarship index. The point average now reads 4.05 and places the fraternity in fourth place instead of tenth with a 3.91 average as was previously reported.
Don’t Marry A Girl Who Can’t Singf Warns Dean
Rather than marry hastily and regret it later, listen to the note of advice from Dean Arthur C. Becker, of the DePaul University school of music, who advises college men to be sure that the girls they intend to marry can sing. It may sound unnecessary to you, but demanding that your future wife be able to sing is very practical, claims Dean Becker. “Girls who can’t carry a tune can’t be expected to properly time the broiling of a steak. An unmusical girl overcooks, undercooks and half-bakes a meal. Nothing is so unharmonious to a home as chronic indigestion.”
Acacia Pledges
Acacia fraternity announces the pledging of G. H. Foster, Lebanon; E. N. Cox, Evansville; and R. E. Johnson, Orleans.
Agriculturist To Elect New Staff Before April 24
Elections for positions on the staffs of the Agriculturist, monthly farm magazine published by University students, will be held sometime before April 24. All aspirants for positions must turn in special application blanks by April 13. Application blanks will be available every afternoon this week, be!ginning today, at 4 o’clock in the Agriculturist office. All applications absolutely must be in the hands of R. H. Parkison, K. T. Caldwell, or L. 0. Buxton before 6 p. m. next Tuesday. The new staff will be elected by the Agipiculturist Electoral Board. An editor-in-chief, a business manager, a circulation manager, department editors, and assistants on the editorial and circulation staffs are to be chosen.
55 Tickets Unsold For Co-ed Dance
Only 56 more tickets for the Revue de Chic, co-ed bid cabaret style formal dance, are available. The Union committee in charge of the affair, after limiting the entire sale to 170 tickets, found yesterday afternoon that they had sold the first 101 in the record time of 71 minutes. Dick Cisne and his Illinois University band have been engaged to play for the affair, which will star ten campus beauties, modeling Loeb and Hene Co., frocks. SPECIAL CORSAGES Just before the dance begins, the Union committe in charge will distribute special corsages at the tables surrounding the dance floor. Table reservations may be made at the Student Union office this afternoon from 4 till 5:30. Tickets may be purchased for $1.50 at the west desk in the Memorial Union lobby.
Five Students Petition For PIA Positions
P. I. A. elections for president, vice-president, treasurer, and co-ed executives will be held April 23, according to information received last right from P. I. A. president, H. I. Hersch. Candidates eligible to run must turn in their petitions by April 12. N. M. Parkhurst and R. H. Schlundt are the presidential candidates. Mary Wien is running for co-ed executive, while D. K. Wells and W. F. E. Briscoe are in the race for treasurer. The vice-president candidates have not been announced yet.
Spring Rains SweU Wabash
Prom Scenery Wm Include Garden, Cliff, And WaterfaU
Rippling, flashing water pouring in a five foot stream over a rocky cliff, as a scenic background for a beautiful garden, enclosed by a stucco and tile wall, is the illusion planned for 1938 junior promenad-
Drainage Experts To Gather Here For Four Day Session
Industrial Art Pupils Come Here April 30
Assistant Dean W. A. Knapp of the engineering schools announced yesterday that the University would be the host to industrial arts students of Indiana high schools on Friday, April 30. Usually held in connection with the 4-H club roundr up, the industrial event is being held earlier this year in order to coincide with the annual open house which will be held during Gala Week. Special demonstrations in the wood, forge, and machine shops, a speech by Dean A. A. Potter, and the open house features of the different schools of the University will constitute the highlights of the one day meeting.
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity announces the initiation of the following; C. B. Metz, Louisville, Ky; J. H. Bowling, Columbiana, 0.; E. C. Herschelman, Evansville; L. C. Farquhar. East St. Louis, 111.; E. J. Kelley, Lowell, Mass.; and J. H. Musson, Glencoe, 111.
Dr. Hadley To Lecture Ou ‘FiueArtOf Liviug’
Dr. Laurence Hadley of the University mathematics department, will be the speaker at the last meeting of the Klondike Parent-Teacher association tonight at 7:45 o’clock at the Klondike school. Dr. Hadley will talk on “The Fins Art Of Living.”
Drainage camp superintendents and engineers from camps in Indiana and Illinois will meet with University engineers here today for a four day conference on camp problems. Today’s program will be devoted to a variety of talks with T. A. Coleman, acting director of agricultural extension, discussing the relationship between the camps and the extension service, and Prof^F. W., Greve of the school of civil engineering, explaining causes of floods and flood control. Prof. L, S. Robertson, of the farm management staff, will speak on how drainage affects farm management.
Heavy rainfalls since the first of the month have caused the Wabash river to overflow its banks here. The stage of the river yesterday was 14.6 feet, a rise of six feet in the last 24 hours. Further rise was expected last night, although Weather Recorder T. H. Hill predicted the crest would be much lower than the one which was reached during the fall and winter floods. A rainfall of .66 inch was recorded for the 24 hour period ending yesterday morning, while 2.46 inches of rain have fallen since April 1.
Kaymak To Talk On Customs Of Turkey
“Customs of Turkey” will be explained and discussed by A. S. Kaymak, University student from that country, tomorrow night at 7:30 in room B of the Memorial Union Building. The lecture, which is opened to students, faculty, and the general public, has been planned and arranged as part of the Works Progress Administration adult education program.
New York College Of Medicine Will Study Causes Of Suicides
New York, N. Y.—(AGP)—Why people commit suicide will be studied in a one-year i;esearch project by the New York University college of medicine, it was announced by Dr. John Wyckoff, dean of the college. The study of self-inflicted deaths in the New York area will be supervised by Dr. Nathaniel Ross, assistant cfinical professor of psychiatry ’n the college. “Although approximately 30,000 persons commit suicide annually in the United States, we still know comparp.tively little about the problem,” said Dean Wyckoff. “Suicide, per se, is not necessarily a disease but does occur frequently in a number of mental conaitions, and, therefore, might be prevented. “The purpose of our research will be the study of suicide of adults and children from the point of view of manifestations, frequency of occurrence and the social background of individuals affected by suicidal tendencies.”
Newman To Preside At Youth Dinner In Dayton
Miss Leta Newman, freshman co ed at Purdue, will preside at a youth conference banquet next Saturday evening at the Dayton Presbyterian church in Dayton. The conference which opens Friday evening, will feature a discussion grouF meeting and religious speeches.
Newman Club Books Bryant For Spring Dance At Allen’s
Bud Bryant and his campus “ori ginality syncopators” are booked to supply their “sweet swing” for a Newman Club spring dance Satur day night in Allen’s ballroom. The affair, although intended primarily for Newman Club members, will be open to the public. Tickets, priced at $1 each, are now on sale and may be obtained at Allen’s ballroom, the Union Desk, and from members of the club.
Jeff High Gets WPA Grant For New Athletic Field
Four revolving hollow cylinders containing many lights which will shine through several spiral slots will be mounted vertically to illuminate a muslin screen. The rotating cylinders will strongly resemble barber-poles, turning so as to give the“effect of streams of light moving downward. To eliminate the rotary motion of the light a Venetian blind type of frame work with narrow lattice strips running vertically, v/in be hung between the cylinders and the muslin curtain. PORTRAY ROCKY CLIFF Painted muslin covered wooden Iramework on both sides of the waterfall and covering the entire back of the ballroom will portray the rocky cliff. Instead of the usual flat, painted backdrop, a large jiart of this cliff will be constructed in relief, with lumpy boulders intricately built into the framework. The waterfall will be directly back of the bandstand. A stucco and tile wall, 8 and onehalf feet high, will extend from both sides of the bandstand in a symmetrical curve back to the north comers of the ballroom. Inside this wall and along the edges of the floor flowers and potted plants wili be arranged to provide a garden atmosphere. The main entrance to the ballroom will be decorated with a trellis work and flowers. TOOLED LEATHER PROGRAMS Programs for the prom will be of a special design with tooled leather covers. Enough have been ordered to provide two programs for each couple. These programs will be distributed to the dancers as they enter the Union Building.
Jefferson High School was virtually assured of a new athletic field when the Lafayette city council authorized the city school trustees to purchase a plot of ground at Eighteenth and Union streets. This new field will be much closer to the school than the present field, which ic almost two miles away. Funds of the city are available fbr the purchase of the ground at 9 cost of $5,000 and for materials at $1,200. The WPA has approved a project for $27,795 for additional material and labor. The new field will include a quar-ter-mile cinder track, one regulation and one practice football field, and a baseball diamond.
Phi Delta Theta
Phi Delta Theta announces the election of the following officers: W. C. Musham, president; D. Butterfield, secretary; S. C. Jones, asst, secretary; J. A. Miner, alumni secretary; C. T. Swan, reporter; F. T. Tulley, warden; F. A. Mayfield, assistant warden; G. R. Guthrie, historian; J. D. Bowman, chaplain; C. A. Palmquist, assistant chaplain; M. T. Wakefield, steward; J. D. Bowman, chorister; S. T. Farwell, assistant chorister.
Bob Becker, Noted Authority On Dogs, Will Speak Here
“Let’s Seek Adventqre” will be the subject that Bob Becker, nationally known dog authority and outdoor expert, will speak on April 13, in Stanley Coulter Hall. Becker, v./ho is the outdoor editor for the Chicago Tribune spends most of his time with dogs and on hunting and fishing trips. He claims the unique distinction of being the only man in radio who gets paid for taking fishing trips. Besides his periodical jimgle journeys after rare specimens, he broadcasts regular programs on dogs. He has judged field trials for some of the hunting breeds and is liow the president of the springer spaniel field trial club of Illinois. The Purdue Forestry Club, West Lafayette and Tippecanoe County Conservation Clubs, and Xi Sigma Pi, national forestry honorary are sponsoring Becker’s appearance here.
Purdue Women’s Oub To See ‘The Piper Pays’
Members of the Purdue Women’s Club will be entertained tonight with a play, “The Piper Pays.” The play is to be presented in the Memorial Union ballroom at 8:00 p. m. It is under the auspices of the drama section with Mrs. H. Kenn Carmichael in charge.
DePauw University keeps a 000 ton reserve of coal in the event that mine-strikers will cut off the fuel supply.
Fair And Warmer
By Tempy Th« Bxponmt 'WmXbmc Mow* Spring recess was 'the cats. I went home on a greyhound. The next morning I met the Easter buB!ny and at noon I ate like a bird (a peck at a time). That night I went out on a bat, ordered some horse’s necks, and drank like a fish. The moi-ning after I was a little horse. The rest of the week I made an asa of myself, I got back early Monday mominff on the owl car. and ma4e a bee fine for bed. I slept like a bear* and up with the chickens. Now I’m back on the job working like a dog. The weather today will be .fair and wanner, unless Fm eoekoo.
'1
if7
•A
I
I
i""p ;
Page Two
tS^ftt ^urliue exponent
Founded in 1883
MeMPtER
^sotiated 6oUc9iateJ|Jiws
’’®34 ^tOfouiieBioe^ '^^S'
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mil, $3.60 per year: delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by a single copy, 2 cents.
Business Phone 6038
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
EMitorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL BOARD OF CONTROL R. J. Hulse, chairman ; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. p. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF
Mana^in^ Editor Morris Associate Editors . K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler Sophomore Assistants W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J.B. Clark
L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance
^ in Ti tr m rk^ivT^!!
Bold and Black Editor
E. H. Kellogg, K. E. O’Neil
..J. C. Ohaver
BUSINESS STAFF
Business Manager National Advertising Manager ... Local Advertising Manager Advertising Assistants Circulation Manager Circulation Assistants
....W. J. Gillilan
R. J. Hulse L. H. Brown D. C. Miller R. R, Hensler, M. C. Reeves J. P. Girard .F. C. Robbins, F. T. Swain
Editor Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF L. D. Wood W. H. Fifield, S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
WOMEN’S STAFF Helen Creech Associate Editors Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke Advertising Manager Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—G. W. Frederick
Any Gum Today?
Ever so often we youngsters step out of the panoramic picture of life, take a squint at ourselves and then step back into the picture to hand ourselves a neat pat on the back. This process usually follows some charge made by our elders to the effect that “This younger generation is going to the dogs.” This is such an occasion. It strikes us that the “depression bred” students of today are much more resourceful than those of former years. That’s the pat on the back; now we’ll explain why; « We could point to many great achievements by young men to prove our point, or we could cite many concrete examples of resourcefulness where the stakes are large. We choose to do neither. Many times it is the small, seemingly insignificant items in the human picture which indicate trends of major importance. The trivial items to which we refer is the rapid commercialization of fraternities. In the “old days” one boy in the house controlled all the “graft.” He contracted for cigarettes, cleaning and pressing, and candy for his fraternity brothers. He made a slight profit (in many cases it was slight) on his sales. Today the picture is rapidly changing. The “graft” is no longer controlled by one man. Practically every boy in the fraternity has his pet product which he tries to pass off on his brothers. Every type of product is represented from peanuts and garters to bubble chewing gum. It’s not a laughing matter. The youth of today wants spending money and he’s getting it.—A. H. F.
CO-EDITORIALS
THE PWBDHE EXPONENT ■■■■SiSSSSSSS5SSSSiSMSSBSSSSiSSSSSSSSSIaSSSSBSSSSSS&SSSS8SSS9jBSaSSBiiSS9iiSSSSSSSSSSSBBS8SHSBSMSSSSi^^
Work For All
With elections over, it has been the habit, in recent years, for co-ed to cease active work in the co-ed organizations such as W. A. A., W. S. G. A., and Y. W. C. A. The new officers have been confronted with work to be done without the full strength of the organization behind them. Between now and May 9, W. S. G. A. must execute plans for the Festival Day. This will require the efforts of a cast, costume makers, publicity people, and directors. Festival Day presents ample opportunities for all who wish to work. The organization must also plan the mentor system for the freshmen of next fall. Here will be an opportunity for a large group of girls interested in assisting freshman women students to get adjusted during those first days and weeks next fall. W. A. A. has a program of spring sports in which everyone interested can find a part and place. These sports offer relaxation and healthy exercise. This spring the Y. W. C. A. is endeavoring to get, the work for next fall planned and started before the close of school in June, so that its activities may start immediately next fall. Particular emphasis is being placed on getting those girls who take part in no campus activity interested in Y. W. C. A. activities. In one or more of these varied fields of interest every girl on our campus should be able to find a place for herself. These activities, so called, do not exist for the officers who direct them. The officers only form a block of machinery necessary to keep the organization running smoothly. The groups exist for what they can do to make the women of the campus more campus spirited and better acquainted among themselves. —F. S. McK.
Please Preserve The Grass
To the Students of the University:
The steadily increasing tendency on ^e part of certain
students to run across the grass areas of tl
the campus is ob-
served today with considerable regret. Some students appear unmindful of the long-time sentiment attached to such places as the Oval. In the newer areas of the campus, where the Trustees of the University are making special efforts to landscape and otherwise to develop the grounds, but scanty attention is paid to the ‘Please* signs. This has resulted in considerable damage to sections which have
recently been planted.
To protect the University against the losses of money, time, and appearance due to these acts of vandalism, the Superintendent of Physical Plant has been instructed to apprehend those who insist upon walking across the Oval, the newly planted areas lying west and south of the Executive Building, and the circle in front of the building. Such students will thus become liable to penalties similar to those c " imposed upon those violating the campus park-
ing rules.
EDWARD C. ELLIOTT,
President.
SUCH INCONSIDERATION . . . to think that I go to all the trouble to write a beautiful article as to what a CEC ISBEL be
whar the REISNER kid am concerned . . . and what did he do . . . but plank that jeweled Phi Delt affair of his over HOPEY’S heart. . . Mutiny I calls it ... to think that I called CEC the fish when really HOVOD, HAGEBOECK am the one ... by the way, HOPE, you change complexion awful quick . . . even the best of us can be wrong once in a while - . .
TOBER JIM mamed the gal... it has been on the sly all this time .. poor HELM was heart broken the other day when the news broke . CONGRATULATIONS and GOOD LUCK JIM . . .
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
AIN’T IT SO “Mary had a little lamp. It was well trained, no doubt— For every time her feller called. The little lamp went out.” —Ohio State Lantern.
MARS—PASSES—MARS FOR YOU OR YOU
Mere writing ability isn’t the most important requirement for a would-be newspaper-man says Prof. J"ohn L. Brumm, chairman of the University of Michigan’s journalism department. “Bounding health is his greatest necessity.”
HI YA ZILGER “Remember that dollar you lent me last month?” “Yea, wasn’t it bigamy?”
AND YOU WERE FORGOTTEN YESTERDAY ... VI DAMMEYER . she took a pin just before vacation . . . that man who she has been taggin’ after all year JACK ROSS . but to top it off . . . she still wants to date the suckers of the campus . . . she is making bets with fellows in order to get dates now . . and to think some poor fish will probably take her to PROM . . .
DO YOU KNOW HIM In old Purdue there is a Prof. Who’s known throughout the school. The students in his classes think That he’s just an old fool. And when he starts in talking Each student bows his head. But not in reverence—Oh, no. They’re all asleep, instead . . . —Ohio State Lantern.
NO WONDER HELM WANTS TO GO TO CHINA ... BOB HELM, who is trying to get a job in far off Asia . . .introduced his best gal the one he had gone with for four years—to Sigma Nu frat brother, JIM ESTERLINE . . . that was a couple years ago . . . BOB still liked the gal last winter . . . but last OC-
ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY Buck Jones
“White Eagle” —and— . Claire Trevor and Arlene Judge
“Star for a Night” —Plus Cartoon
“Wings of the Morning"
-LAST DAY-
The Sigma Nus at Oregon State College have introduced the idea of having a hired chaperon at their fraternity during Saturday evenings.
Family
—LAST DAY— Double Feature
Warner Oland Boris Karloff
“Charlie Chan at the Opera” —and— Claire Trevor
‘Career Woman’
THUR.—FRL—SAT. Johnny Mack Brown
‘Lawless Land’ —and— Jean Muir
‘Her Husband’s Secretary”
Final Times Today 2 FIRST RUN HITS!
Katherine Hepburn
Franchot Tone
QUALITY STREET
PLUS SECOND HIT! Paul June Kelly Travis
JOIN THE MARINES
—STARTS TOMORROW— First Lafayette
with CONSTANCE WORTH VINTON HAWORTH LESLIE FENTON GORDON JONES
Thm gripping •tory of a giri who mntchad wits with tho Shanghai diamona amuggitrt /
Directed iy Edward Kiliy, Produced by cuff Held.
PLUS SECOND FEATURE
JAMES liaiON* PATRICIA ELLIS'HUCH HERBERT ZASU PITTS'ALLEN JENKINS'NAT PEHOIHIU
—^Also—
March of Time
“Lay off that guy, you mutts—^he’s a tree surgeon.”
College Edueation Essential For Young Actor Of Today Claims “Tobacco Road” Star
Sally Sanderson as Pearl and William Bishop as Lov Bensey in a scene from “Tobacco Road.”
That a college education is essential for the young actor of today is the assertion of William Bishop, who plays Lov Bensey, the coal chute worker, in “Tobacco Road,” in which Taylor Holmes and a Broadway cast will be seen at the Mars theatre Saturday, April 10, for two pex'formances. “An actor should have a knowledge of history, modern languages especially French, economics, philosophy and pyschology,” says Bishop. “While none of these may enter objectively into his performance they form a sound background for his characterizations, particularly if he wants to understand character. And, of coui’se, he should have good athletic training.” . Bishop Is Example Bishop is an example of the modern college main in the theatre. He originally intended to be a lawyer and entered the University of West Virginia. There, however, he specialized in football more than the law. His decision to desert law for
FAMOUS STAGE PLAY Not a Picture ■< Matinee and Night SAT., APRIL 10 The Noted American Star
Taylor Holmes
The .Nation’s Epic of the Stage 4 Years on Broadway
'TOBACCO ROAD'
SEATS NOWI Matinee 56c, 83c, $1.10, $1.66 Evening 83c, $1.10, $1.66, $2.20
Tax Includea
PHONE 7903 For Reservations Box Office Open <- Daily From 11:30 A, M. to 9:00 P* M*
the stage may have been due to the fact that his uncle is Charles McArthur, the noted playwright. One of his first engagements was with Billy Rose’s spectacle “Jumbo,” at the New York Hippodrome. Another college graduate in the cast of “Tobacco Road” is Harry Townes, who plays Captain Tim, who holds a degree from the University of Alabama and who was president of the undergraduate dramatic club while a student.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Guy Iron Castings McGrath Machine & Foundry
■ iiyA mwTCJiik
-LAST DAY-
mnamdn
/
CARY GRANT
TOMORROW—PKI—SAT. Ricardo Cortez Gail Patrick
“Her Husband Lies” —and— Roland Young In H. 0. Wells' “The Man Who Could Work Miracles”^ Wednesday, April 7,1937
ivt
Noted Coaches Oii Grid
Conference Program
Football will fill the air Friday as high school and college coaches from Indiana and neighboring states gather here for the sixth annual Purdue Football Clinic, which will continue through Saturday afteraoon with a comprehensive program of addresses, demonstrations, moving pictures, and round table
discussions.
Dieit^ Chi ’s And Beta’s^ Play Off Class ‘B’Net Finals
Friday’s program^ will cohsisi largely of technical sessions with talks by several of the state’s leading high school coaches. In the afternoon a symposium on the prevention and treatment of injuries and a discussion of short punt formation offense will precede the field work, with the Pdrdue squad in charge of Mai Elward and Mel Taube. Aniong the principal speakers at the evening banquet will be Dr. Thurman B. Rice, of the Indiana State Board of Health; Henry. B. Bogue, of Washington High School, Indianapolis; Dr. C. V. Spears, of the University of Toledo; A. L. Trester, I. H. S. A. A. commissioner; and Bill Cerney of Notre Dame. Selected motipfi pictures of outstanding football games of last fall, and the round table session for both coaches and officials will follow the banquet. ■ Out-of-state coaches will take over Saturday morning’s program with Paul Brown, of Massilon, O.; Glenn Holmes, of Oak Park, 111.;
and Dr. C. W. Spears, of Toledo University, as the speakers. The clinic will be brought to a close in the afternoon with a regulation game betwjpen two elevens picked from the Rpilermaker squad.
Jeff Thinlies Meet Delphi Here Friday
Coach Cecil Webb’s Jefferson High School track team Will open its schedule Friday against Delphi in the Ross-<Ade stadium. With cold weather hampering their training, the Jeff thinlies have had a hard time rounding into form, and Coach Webb will have to do some guessing in placing his team on the track. The Delphi team will provide more or less of a testing machine for the squad, and Webb hopes to have the thinlies in good shape in a short time.
Postpone Butler
Baseball Game
FRATERNITY ATHLETIC MANAGERS
Baseball games scheduled for Tuesday will be played Wednesday if weather permits.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side of Square
Watches Repaired to Keep Dependable Time
The Purdue-Butler baseball game originally scheduled for this Saturday afternoon, will be postponed until April 26, because of the annual footbdil clinic planned for this week-end. This contest with Butler was to have been the seventh for the Boilermakers and the first for the Bulldogs. .
Valuable notebooks, manuscripts and letters of the late Amy Lowell, poetess, have been presented to the Harvard University library by Miss Lowell’s literary executrix, Mrs. Ida Russell.
LEARN TO TAP DANCE At Indiana’s Largest Dancing School ENROLL NOW—CLASSES OPENING
Beg:inner’s Wed., April?, 6:30 P.’M. Intermediate Thurs., April 8,. 9:00 P. M. Advanced Thurs., April 8, 6:30 P. M. Phone 2150
ALLEN’S'
SIXTH AND FERRY
By R. F. Obenchain The class “B” fraternity basketball tourney seems to be in its final stages as the intramural department, has at last brought around another meeting between Delta Chi and Beta Theta Pi tonight at 7:30. If these two teams meet tonight, the I-M department will have broken up the best sit-down strike of the past few years in a championship playoff. These teams have been scheduled to play at least a half a dozen tinges but the adverse weather conditions. Beta ballhawk Krause’s hangnail, or some such unexpected occurrence has kept this contest in the fire for ovft a month. SWEAR ON BIBLES But last night as the Delta Chis postponed yesterday’s game, they gave their word of honor and swore on a stack of Bibles that they would appear Upon Memorial Gym floor clothed in basketball armor ready to give their all to show the Beta’s the type of basketball that they have been saving for the final game! But the situation is not saved yet as very serious complications can still develop. If the Delta Chi’s win this game the tourney Will go \ into extra innings as that will tie u^ the play and another playoff will have to be arranged. If the Betas win this game they will be class “B” champs, as they need only one win to cinch the tourney.
‘Ace’ Stucky Leads In South Bend Tourney
“Ace” Stucky led the field of keglers at the annual state bowling tourney at South Bend Saturday and Sunday. Stucky, who manages the Union alleys, turned in the only score better than 600 With a 626 series in the single competition. His score gives him a good chance to place within the first 20 out of a field of 3,200 competitors in the tourney. Stucky netted a total of 1,722 pins in. all-events to put him far ahead of all local bowlers.
Living expenses at the women’s co-op dormitories of Pennsylvania State .College have, been slashed to a new loW of $5.25 per week for each co-ed, reports Charlotte E. Ray dean of women.
“Fatty” Clark, the 355-pourid guard who played with the University of Arkansas in 1930 and ’31, was the largest college football
player in the world.
f
ietdler’s.... ....choice ■By Bob Walpole
.Another couple of days with a little good weather thrown in, and the fieldhonse framework will be completed ... the new llhilding is growing in leaps and hounds . wait until the last bolt is in place, then whtch the riveters go to town, ■-^c^
Coach Noble Kizer and his staff of assistants will play host to one of the largest groups of high school football coaches in the history of'the Purdue Football Clinic .. . the interest in this clinic has definitely increased since its origin . . ^ —^fc—-
Speaking of football reminds us to pass on these tid-bits ... Ed Skoronski, Purdue’s 1935 football captain is in training with the Chicago White Sox . . . last fall he starred with the Pittsburgh Pirates professional football club . .. quote, Purdue Alumnus ...
-fc-
And the second . . . regular guard Forest Burmeister has signed to play professional football with the newly formed Cleveland Rams . . . the team will be made a member of the National Professional Football league . . . according to reports. —fc— Senior manager A1 McColloum will be needing a bunch of sophomore assistants for his track squad this spring . . . we understand that a notice appears somewhere on this pqge, but if noL shake a leg oyer there you sophomores, and try out for that junior manager job . . . the track team is going to really be something in a year or so . . . and a manager’s job will be well worth having.
Start Spring Grid Tourney
Wisconsin and Purdue are leading Ohio State and Northwestern, 7-0 and 6-0, respectively, in the annual round-robin tourney held in connection with spring practice. The teams, wearing red, black, yellow, and green and playing under the names of Wisconsin, Purdue, Otiio State and Northwestern, res pectively. played the first quarter of the first games last night and will finish the gamies tonight, tomorrow ?>nd Saturday. Cecil Isbell had a monopoly oh the scoring in the Wisconsin-Ohi;^ State game, scoring the touchdown and commrting the extra point for dll of the red scoring. The Purdue linemen, with Captain Schreyer, Humphrey, Grant, and Zacharay, proved too much for the Northwestern forward wall and managed to get Welch away for a 50 yard touchdown jaunt. “Red” Zachary continued his pass snatching of last fall in taking a 20-yard toss early in the game, and played a nice defensive game at right end. With the score 6-0 against it, the Northwestern team started a determined attempt to score. Cody Isbell’s kick into the coffin corner put the Black team back on its heels, but Humphrey’s interception of a goal-line pass ended the threat and the first quarter of the game.
Pop’ Ddait beue#
Frosh Diamond
More than $1,000 worth of valuables have been stolen from fraternity houses on the campus of the University of Washington and Lee this semester.
The amount of nose Ohio State students put into their voices can now be: determined by the “nasality indicator” in the phonetics laboratory of Derby Hall.
YOU CAN’T CHEW OFF
OUTHPIECE
Pipe-smokers who chew their ints— who bite through ordinary pipe-steihs —here’s the pipe t^c will save you money. Has a specinl new Int. You can’t bite it off. Bit has 3 smokechannels. Stembiter Yello-I^le also gives you the famous Honey Treated Y llo Bole$l Bowl; smokes like awcll-broken-inpipe. Carburetor Yeilo- Bole $1.25, Imperial Yello-Bole $1.50
Prof, C. S, ‘'Pop” Doan sent his first call for freshniian basoball candidates yesterday at 4 o^elpel^ when he made his first preliminatiY assignments and discussed praetioa plans for the coming season at a meeting of the freshmen ha the Armory. Doan, who has been handling the yearlings for many seasons, is very anxious to start work, and has a number of promising candidates. He has just returned from the annual baseball trip south.
ii
Dr. Roderick Peattie, of the geogaphy department at Ohio State University, has drawn plans for the construction of a model of the university campus intended to aid blind students in determining the location of the various buildings.
We Carry a Complete Assortment of YELLO BOLE PIPES
H. G. (Deac) REISNER
ENGRAVI NG BY RYTEX
on Coral White
25 WEDDING ANNOUNCEMENTS
25 INVITATIONS $8.90
Including Plate, Stamping, Inside and Outside Envelopes, Tissuing and Insertinig.
25 At Home, Church, Reception or Breakfast Cards $2.75,-
Including Plate, Stock .and Stamping.
HAYWOOD'S
Retail Dept. Lafayette, Ind.
Where your advertiseuient should have been this week/but we are using the spot to tell you that wide^ awoke advertisers can get the Ipest results in West Lafayette through the paper that every I^urdue student and faculty member reads doily—
T Purdue Exponent
i
:|i^THU PURDUE EXPONiNT
Wednesday, April 7, 1937
Old Dogs Can Learn . New Tricks Says Prof. Savannah, Ga.—(ACP)—The idea that “old dogs can’t leam new tricks” was pronounced “hooey,” in slightly different words, by Dr. Irving Lorge of Columbia Universitsr’s Institute of Elducarion. The mind does not deteriorate with age, though it does slow down a trifle, he informed the tenth annual national convention of the American Association of University women. Various experiments confirming this view were conducted by Dr. Edward L. Thorndike, an associate of Dr. Lorge. In one experiment, a group of 120 people were set to the task of learning Russian in order to measure their rate of progress. Instruction was started against protests of the subjects that they didn’t like Russian or were too old to leam. But they did leam as much Russian in two months as is ordinarily taught at Columbia in two college semesters, and people over 40 learned almost as well as the yoimger group.
Recent revelation show that a dozen University of Alabama students became six sets of man and wife d\iring the Christmas vacation
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
PIA Band To Play For Organization Dance Next Saturday from 4:15 until 5:45 the Purdue Independent Association will hold a tea dance in the ballroom of the Purdue Memorial Union. Music will be provided by the PIA orchestra under the direction of Thomas Frame. The orchestra made its debut at the PIA dancing class dance on March 12 in Allen’s Ballroom.
Acacia Elects Acacia Fraternity announces the election of the following officers: R. N. Whiting, president; R. L. Morris, vice president; M. C. Learning, social chairman; J. P. Taylor, secretary; P. W. Homrighous, treasurer; and R. P. Faris, house manager.
Greenlee Appointed For Naval Candidacy Pleas E. Greenlee, freshman engineer, has been notified of his appointment as a candidate for the, United States Naval Academy. Greenlee graduated from Shelbyville high school last year.
Sigma Phi Epsilon Sigma Phi Epsilon announces the pledging of W. D. Yeoman, Chicago, 111., and W. H. Baker and W. W. Carnes, both of Jasper.
Washington University has five sets of co-ed twins—^half as many as Louisiana State University.
HAYS JEWELRY CO.
East Side of Square
See Our New Costume Jewelry
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
Good Metal Typewriter Stand— L. C. Smith typewriter ( a good, up-to-date (one). Tuxedo suits. Back number magazines, Ic to 5c each. Books, lots of them. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
Good Printing—Painless prices Fast service. Near as your phone. Call 6206. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 South 29th street.
For Sale—^Harlequin Great Dane. Ideal pet for fraternity. Reasonably priced. Call 2862; Mr. Heimlich for particulars.
Lostr^Black notebook, contains notes. If found, please return to Uhion Desk—Mary Frances McLaughlin.
Please Return—Brown leather purse picked up by mistake in Union office Tuesday at 4 p. m. Leave at Union desk. Jeanne Perkins.
NOTICES No noticM accoptoil iMor S p. m.
begin April 8.
-HAZE1.TON.
Home Economics Girl6—-Tickets for the dinner on April 7, at 6 p. n>. are on sale at the main office of the Home Economics Building. —MURPHY.
P. B. W. Horseback Riding Classesj-_A11 students registerihg for»horseback riding report April 7, at 4:00 p. m- at Women’s Gymnasium for important announcement and final assignments to class. . —HAZELTON.
Union Workers—Will the following r^ port to the Union office at 6 p. m. April 7: Martin, B. M.; Mytinger, Cox, Jones, Jarvis, Hulvershorn, Diffley, Didier, Dean, Daley, Martin, J. M.; Oallison, Henry, Patterson, Billings, Fleig, Hewitt, Miller, DuVal, Rhynearson, Stocker, Woods, Demon, Soon, Fowler, Ciral, Hopkins, Schumaker, and Craig. —RIETH.
Zouaves—Meeting April 7 at 4 p. m. in the Armory. —WINTER.
Flying Club—^Meeting in room B of the Memorial Union Building April 7 at 7 p. m. Important meeting of Class A membership holders. —SMITH.
Alpha Phi Omega—Meeting of all members in room D of the Memorial Union Building Aplll 7 at 7:80 p. —MERRIAM.
Union Committees—Our oommittees report to the Union workshop at 4 p. m. on April 7 STALLINGS, REID, SCATTERDAY, WEIGANDT, PFORZHEIMER. Union Committees—Our committees report to the Union office at 4 p. m. April —PUTZE, SHEETS.
Interfraternity Presidents Council—Meeting April 8 at the Phi Kappa house. —KETTLE.
Sigma Delta Chi—Meeting at 7 :30 p. m. April 7 in room C of the Memorial Union Building. -HARDIN.
General Chemistry Conditions—Examinations for the removal of conditions in Chemistry 1 and 2 will be held in room 101 of the Education Building at 1 p. m. April 10. Application's must be made at the freshman office in the Chemistry Building not later than April 7. —ALLEN, HASS, TEST. Agricultural Engineering Conditions—Examinations for removal of conditions in' A. E. 22 for surveying will be held in room 204 of the old Agricultural Engineering Building at 1 o’clock, April 10. Applications must be made in same building before spring recess. -SPENCER.
Physics lb—A condition examination will be given April 10 at 1 p. m. in room 2 of the Physics Building. —SHERMAN.
P. E. W.—Registration for spring term activities continues April 6 from 9 to 12 a. m. and from 2 to 5 p. m. Regular class work except life-saving will
Independents—Meeting of all managers and directors of P. I. A. activities including my committee April 7 at 7 o’clock in the P. I. A. office. —WHITE. Bowlers—Alleys 1 and 2 will be reserved April 8 from 6:46 to 10:30 p. m. —STUCKY.
W. A. A. Bowling—^The following games will be played April 8: Chi Omega vs. Pi Beta Phi at 6:46 p. m., and Kappa Kappa Gamma vs. Alpha Chi Omega at 8:30 p. m. —BOEHM.
W. ,S. G. A. Festival Day Posters Committee—Important meeting of all those who want to work on the committee April 7 at 4:30 p. m. in the W. S. G. A. office. —DRISCOLL.
Mortar Board—Meeting April 7 at 4 :30 p. m. in the W. S. G. A. office. Very important. —ADKINS.
Track Managers—^All sophomores interested in trying out for track manager report to the stadium at 4 p. m. April 7. —MARKED.
Entomolgy Club—Meeting April 7 at 7 :30 p. m. in Agricultural Hall. Public invited 'to attend. —HUTTON.
Horticultural Club—Meeting April 7 i Horticulture Building at 7 p. m. —HYMEN.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liehty
‘My—but these old Romans must have given delightful parties!”
W. A. A. Council—Meeting April 8 in W. A. A. office at 7:16 p. m. All old members are invited. —MERRITT.
Piwdue Student Alliance—Meeting April 8 at 7:30 p. m. in room D of the Memorial Union Building. —BUCKLES.
W. A. A. Track and Field—Call-out April 7 at 4 p. m. sharp in the Women’s Gym for all co-eds interested in track and field. Everyone please attend for a few minutes because if not enough are interested we will not be able to have it at all. ^ —COOK. W. S. G. A. Executive Board—Meet in room 3 of Memorial Union Building at 7 :16 p. m. April 7. ^ —COPELAND.
Independent Staff—Meeting April 7 at 7 p. m. —MEACHAM.
P. E. W.—Physical education classes begin April 7. Every freshman and sophomore woman should report ready for work at the first meeting of her class. —HAZELTON.
Women’s Baseball—Practice April 7 at 4 p. m. Wear sweaters and report at gym be-
fore going to the field. Two games required for the intramural team. —'TOWNSEND.
Gimlet Club—Meeting postponed from April 7 to April 14. "Will be held at Phi Kappa Psi house. —HODGDON.
Ward 12 Baseball Team—All those desiring to play on Ward 12 baseball team get in touch with W. R. Lutz on April 7. 'Telephone 2669. , —LUTZ.
Glider Club—Meeting April 7 at 7 :15 p. m. in the Memorial Union Building. Officers will be elected and all members are requested to pay their dues at this meeting. —O’NEAL.
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RIBK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
Everybody enjoys refreshing mildness in a cigarette ... everybody likes good taste and pleasing aroma. These are the things that make smoking a pleasure. for all the good things that smoking can give you we invite you to enjoy Chesterfield Cigarettes.
take plenty along
Copyrtf bt 19?7. Licgstt & Mybm Tobacco Co.