I
p/ [k ^ >
Worried About Christmas GiftsV Lots of Suggestions inside. '
Volume 52f No. 73
m /38^
:ponerit
m £)w/y Sintcm
The Cdifof Antvreft A«* other UnHrttrsiff 'Friend/ So Did A Lot of OffMr Feople. See iKigeF
West Cofayotle* Indicaia
Wedneedoyv Decenibmr 4. 1940
U. S. Faces Job In Working i With New /Mexican Regime
By Allen Haden SPECIAL DISPATCH To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. , Biexico City, Dec. 3. — Relations between the United States and Mexico daring the next few months and perhaps years, will be conditioned primarily by I'fequirements of national and hemisphere defense^. Yet, on the diplomacy of both countries will depend whether their co-operation will result in harmony or hate. A false step can shatter the whole laboriously erected structure of hemisphere co-operation, cordiality and unit. Oil, silver, land expropriations, tourist traffic, riparian rights—all these are arrangeable. They are suborinate to the main question of life or death for the Americas in face of totalitarian aggression. Mexi^ needs the United States. Mexico needs our capital for development of new industries; needs the support of constructive, active and shrewd diplomac;i^ in the figjit against totalitarian encroachments; needs our governmental assistance to break the war's strangulation of her foreign trade, (Continued on page 4)
Today's War News Digest Chicago Daily News Foreign Service ■Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Briton Invasion Possible? “With German bombers making heavy, persistent raids on successive nights on Southampton, plus the same type raid on Bristol Monday night and a diVe-bombing attack on Londdn yesterday morning,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick, “there is some ground" for believing that these attacks may be a prelude to the muchfamed invasion.”
Seventeen convoyed British ships have been sunk for a certainty, two more are believed down and a 17,-000-ton auxiliary cruiser sunk, according to word from Berlin, telling of attacks on British shipping in the Atlantic.
Greeks Seize 'Village' The G^ks have seized “a large village dominating the whole south coastal sector of the Albanian front,” according to a dispatch from Athens, but the name of the town is omitted. In this sector are Port Edda, Ddvino, Telephini and Argirocastro.
By the use of aerial attack alone, radios David M. Nichol, from Berlin, “the problem knocking out an entire eomtbry of scattered cities and villages tmcomes tremendous one, which may explain in part the ability of the English so far to keep going. Against the United Stating it would be almost impossible.”
Germans To Go On “K any prediction is safe,” radios Wallace R. Deule |rom Berlin, “it is that 4;he- German people will go on fighting the war and supporting the war as long as there is any use trying to'-look into the future, if anything like present conditions con- ’ tinue.” f
Fdr the second successive night, the Germans last night made a mass attack on Bristol, and'the damage there is heavier than that done to Coventry, according to refugees from the latter city who weathered both blitzes, London was a target today, after a night of quiet. \ Americans Deliver Planes American pilots^ 40 in number, are making regular deliveries of bombeirs from th(s counl^ry to England, it was revealed today in Baltimore by one of the fliers, George R. Hutchinson, The deliveries, so far not molested by the Nazis, he 'said, \ are niade on regular schedule, tne time in the air being about 10 hoars.
'Purdue's Model/ Hog, Chosen Grand Champion At Show "Poultry Team Loses Decision To Kansas CHICAGO, December ^ — (Special to Exponent)—^Before a capacity crowd that braved Chicago’s subzero temperatures, the heavyweight Chester White hog, named “Purdue’s' Model,” was chosen gran^ champion barrow of the International Livestock Exposition today. This victory returned to the uni-*-versity the barrow title which it once held for five consecutive years from 1931 to 1936. “Purdue’s Model” weighed 260 pounds. Steer Chosen Champion The Aberdeen-Angus beef cattle entry, that was predicted last Spring by Paul Whiteman as an outstanding show steer, was chosen the champion in his weight and reserve champion of its breed. „ Hereford^ steer owned by a Mount Carroll, Illinois lassie was judged the grand champion steer of the show. The University poultry team was basely nosed out of first place by the Kanpas State team, by a mere 53 points out of a' possible 4,5bo points.. The team coached by Prof. E. E. Schnetzler will bring home another trophy, medals and cash for the individual members of the team. Team Has Five Members Making up the team were: E. J. Mortland, of Valparaiso; P. C. Smith, of Morgantown, and G. L. Searcy, of Patriot. Alternates were M. E. Jackson, of Dugger, apd C. L. Breedon, West Lafayette. Purdue was the only team plac(Continued bn page 4) Freshmen Hear Talks ' ' ' L By Six Campus Editors At Third Frosh Forum 1 Third of the forums sponsored by the Activities Bureau to acquaint the freshmen with campus activities was held in Stanley Coulter Hall yesterdajf at 4 o’clock. Senior officers of the six campus publications told of the organization and type of work done on their publications and outlined the requirements and duties of their staff members. Debris ' The importance of coming out for work in the freshman year was emphasized by Bob Brown, editor of Debris, who said, “though Freshman workers get not actual credit hours, they gain, .valuable experience and make contacts that are helpful in their Sophomore work.” Exponent ' Bob Donahue, Exponettt editor, stressed the fact that the frosh and sophomore woi’kers make valuable ' contacts and get to knc#? people. The work on the ^Independent, the official organ of ^Purdue’s unorganized students is not quite as intensified as that on the Exponent .<due to the fact that it is a bi-weekly publication. I. Sell^owitz, editor of the Independent,' declared that in most other respects the organization of these papers is along the same lines. John McElroy of the Engineer; Wayne Adams, editor-in-chief pi the Agriculturist and Julia Cornelius, business mbnager of the Pharmacist, spoke. The subject of the next forum, to be held on Tuesday, December 17, is Drama and Forensics. At this time speakers fj»t« the Intramural Debate team, the Intercollegiate Debate team, WBAA, and Playshop , will tell of the wbrk done by their / organizations.
Fierce Raids Held Prelude To Invasion By Helen Kirkpatrick SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Ittc. '^London, Dec. 3. — With German bombers making heavy, persistent raids on successive nights on Southampton, plus the same type raid on Bristol last night and a dive-bomb-ing attack on London this morning, there is some ground for believing that these attacks may be a prelude to the much-famed invasion. This morning Southampton streets, shops and houses look as Coventry looked last week—^in the opinion of some observers, worse than Coventry. The port into which American visitors have poured on their visits to England would look strange to them today—^its streets a mass of rubble. Perhaps tomorrow it will be one of the places the Germans hope to land troops. ■ Although reports of German troop concentrations daily pour in from Norway and France, military experts believe this is natural even if the Germans do not plan an invasion attempt until spring. May Make Use of Fogs ^ There are many, however, who have long held the view that an attempt would be jnade under cover of winter fogs. This constant menace may be the explanation for the army’s refusal to grant any long terms of leave to Soldiers. Forty-eight hours appears to be the most any officer or man in the British Army is now able to
obtain.
To those who used to object that fog and winter weather would make invasion impossible some military people say that those are just the conditions necessary for a surprise attack. An attempt might be made to land troops under cover of fog and^the main attack would develop when the fog had lifted sufficiently to allow the air foice to give the army co-operation. Annual Horticulture Banquet Will Hear Talk By McCracken Tonight at six o’clock the annual ^Horticulture Show Banquet will be held in the cafeteria of the Home Economics building with J. Edward Klinker, manager of the 1940 Horticulture Show, acting as toastmaster. * ^ The program committee has provided a marimba and string quartet for the social hour that will follow the dinner. Lewis Clark of the Clark Floral Company of Lafayette'^ has been secured to speak about accomplishments in floral work. The audience will also be introduced to E. E. McCracken, newly elected mana'ger qf the 1941 show. This yearly event is open to every student especially those interested in horticulture, e.w.n. Bob Parks Will Discuss Oil And Water Paintings 'Bob Parks will discuss oil and water paintings at Student Art Club tonight at 7:30 ip room 84 of the Union. He will illustratl his talk with lantern slides. • “Since our last meeting, which was held before Thanksgiving,” remarked Doug McDahiels, Union official in chal:ge of the' club,^“the campus interest in our organization has increased soonuch that we are holding another tonight.” Besides these semi-monthly meetings, the organization is spopsoring the little MoVie Copvos. A few seasop<'’"tickets for the three movies are being sold at’60 cents. Tickets may be secured daring the club meetingps or at the West Desk.
e.w.ii.
Carnegie Picks H jg|| $chool Legislative
HockemaToDo
/
Research Work
Professor F. S. Hockema, assistant to the president, has been appointed>by the Carnegie foundation to do research work at different engineering schools throughout the country for the school year 1940-41. He intends to coyer the eastern and nortkeastem schools during the first semester and the western schools during the second semester. At each school, he will study the different methods of teaching and, if the occasion demands it, will give some suggestions as to how the teaching methods might be improved. He has already visited the Milwaukee School of Trades in Milwaukee and Antoich College in Yellow Springs, Ohio. At the present time he is in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, covering the engineering school of the Carnegie Institute of Technology. Three jnore schools are scheduled for-vis-its by Hockema before he leaves the East to continue his research at the western schools. They are; Yale University, New Haven, Connecticut; Stevens Institute of Technology, Castle Point, Hobokfin, New Jersey; and Cornell University, Ithaca, New York, The western schools to be studied are: Iowa Staie College, Ames, Iowa; University of Nebraska, Lincoln, Nebraska; University of Washington, Seattle, Washington; Stanford University, San Francisco, California;-California Institute of Technology, Pasadena, California; Agricultural and Mechanical College of Texas, College Station, Houston, Texas; and Georgia School of Technology, Atlanta, Georgia. s.h.l. Color Film Narrates Picturesque Story / Of Steel Manufacture Overfiowing the capacity of the Electrical Engineering lecture room, students, faculty, and friends witnessed last night a sound film in technicolor, “Steel, Man’s Servant,” •presented by the United States Corporation, and sponsored by American Society of Automotive Engineers. Beginning with an introduction by Gerald Kirkpatrick, Edwin C. Hill, radio commentator, started narrating the story of steel. The logical place to begin was right in the iron ore mine. From the mine the audience followed the ore to the steel mills. Since the pictures were in color, it was perhaps the first time that most of theX students saw the many hues of the blast firmaces. From the molten iron one could feel the intense heat (2220° F.) that man must suffer to perfect the finished product. Only after careful testing are the ingots accepted. Then they must be made into a usable product. They must be rolled, reduced and lengthened to make steel plate. Rails, beams, and wheels must be treated to withstand the pressure of use and wear of constant use. , If you enjoy taffy pulling, steel pulling to make wire is just as interesting. One ifigot can be shaped into 90,000 feqj: of electrical wiring. This process requires numerous dies and much space, as e^ch die decreases thq^size but a small fraction of an inch. '' But there is always a human side of the story and the film distinctly showed it.. If you want hot coffee on the job, set the coffee pot on a piece of hot steel. Since plate steel has a mirror-like luster, thejemployees occasionally can notice their appearance. e.w.n. Tau Epsilon Phi
I
. . . social fraternity announces the pledging of Norman Stetner of St. Louis, Mo.
Body Will Meet Fri.^ Sat. Donald Riohberg, former Washington “brain-truster,” will be the prinmpal speaker at the general forum of the eleventh annual Indiana High School Debaters’ Conference to be held on
the campus this Friday and Saturday.
. Coupled with the debate confer-
ence will be the first annual Indiana student legislative assembly, described by Floyd I. McMurray, st^ ’^superintendent of public instruction as “a short course in good government in which future citizens engage.” 'The assembly is a faithful reproduction of the federal legisla-
tiure.
Congressmen Elected Sixty-two “Senators” and^ 195 “Congressmen” were elected on a state-wide ballot held in all high schools November 16. 'They will show their stuff before an estimated one thousand high schoolers and consider in a very businesslike manner some fifty-eight bills submitted by students on twenty different topics. The main question before the house will be, “Should the power of the “Federal Government be increased?” which is likewise the problem being harangued by all national debate societies this year. The direction of the Senate by former state Senator Fred H. Eichom, and of the house by James M. Knapp, ex-state representative, will assure letter-perfect following of governmental procedure. Two Full Days A very full two days is in store for the visitors. Friday morning starts proceedings with the first sessions of the legislative assembly, which will continue through the early afternoon. Sectional meetings on dramatics are sandwiched inhere for those not participating in (Continued on page 4)
Men's Glee Club, Concert Choir Sing In Peoria Tonight Two Purdue University musical organizations, the Concert Choir and the Men’s Glee Club will travel to Peoria, HI., to sing at the annual banquet of the Peoria Association of Commerce in the Illinois State Atmory tonight. Over two thotmand of the city’s leading businessmen and their wives will attend this affair and a varied prbgram has been planned for their entertainment by the groups and their director, Albert P. Stewart. The program is planned as fol-
lows:
Men’s Glee Club, Soloist Marvin Smith—Selection ~of four num-
bers
Concert Choik—Selection of foui* numbers Both Groups—Gypsy Airs, Alberta Schmadel, Wallace Woodrow, soloists; Violin Solo, Vernon Westburg Gypsy Dance—Maurice Campbell Solo, “Italian Street Song”—Mrs. A. P. Stewart Before the program, the groups will be entertained at a private dinner at the Creve Coeur Club in Peoria. After the program the musical organizations and their director will be guests of honor at a buffet supper given by the offle'ers of the Peoria Association of Comnlerce at the University Club in Peoria. The groups are making the trip in two chartered buses and will be accompanied by Mr. and Mrs. Albert P. Stewart, Miss Eleanor Maim, Frank Timberiake, president of the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce, and Clare Johnson, executive secretary of the local club. Manager of the choir is Joe Shephard with Joanne Lloyd accompanying the group; Dick Thorton is 'both manager and accompanist for the Glee Club. '
/
Rutledge Will Speak To Ciyil Engineers Tonight American Society of Civil En^ners will meet tonight at 7:30 o’clock in room 201" of the Civil Engineering building. Prof. P. C. Rutledge ,of the Civil department will present a speech and movie on soil mechanics. During the meeting, a slide rule will be presented to the most intelligent freshman.
Speakers Present * I Practical Poposals At Speech 14 Convo In the semi-annual speeqh 14 convocation which was held last night in Fowler Hall, six speakers, who had gained positions in the final trials, presented practical plans to an audience composed of speech 14 classes. The speakers and their speeches were; E. L. Johnstone, “Construction of a Flood Levy”; Ulrich, the “ConsQlidation of Army, Navy Air Forces”; Leber, “Centrs^ed Traffic Control”; Novey, “Dawn of Airplane Production”; Ronkslqy, “Method for Big 4_R. R. To Save .Money”; McGrath, “Everlasting 'Surface.” -Voting by the students was by ballot^ and the winner will be announced when final tabulations have been made. L. S. Winch acted as chairman daring the meeting, p l-b-
SDX 'Riveter's Rassle' Requirements Are: f One Date, Just Two Dollars, Any Costun^e
By John Galloway It happened last year and the year befdre that and the year before that. In fact it has happened so consistently that it has almost become an institution on campus. What is this perennial occurrance? It’s the rough and rugged Riveter’s Rassle that will explode all over the Union Friday, December 13. If you think that there was mud thrown in our national election, bring your boots and prepare to make and duck mud pies, because the Boilermakers and Progressives are reqlly going to mix it up with some fancy tossing at ‘Ye Old Rassle’. There will probably be free cokes, cookies and other eathbles along with the election propaganda about prom and gala weak. Yes, thiti is a bhance for all you slide, rule slippers to don anytldng that will pass as clothes and maybe win a prize by just being nattoal.
For you who have a tender sToyt, gpve your face a rest and grow some brush. If /you aren’t so clever at that manly art, try your ingenuity on a costume to scare, amuse, or' otherwise disturb l^e ‘rasslers.’ The tariff this year, on participants will be 199% cents, payable to any SDX naember, or pledge or at any of the three book stores in the'village. Kappa Ddta Rbo . . . social fraternity asnoonceis the Ihitia^on of the followiDg menl Richard J. Brown, Biiffal<^ |f. ILj Kenton L. Dickey, Ft, Waynoi Thomas J. FuUerton, CliSteago; Buo^ ton C. Hineline, Rochester, N, Y.j Robert D. IngUs, Detroit, James Webster, Buffalo, N. Y.; Wil^ liam J. Weslow, Dc^coi^ Mlcbj. John M, QiUey, IndiaBifMdht, hit been pleaded.;7T
I .
' \
fiaga2~£dliA
Wednesday* Deeembdr 4. 1940
fijuhduiL £xptmimL
5rii Colmnii
Der Fuhrer dropped in on us yesterday. Sort of a surprise visit. We just looked up and there he was. He clicked his heeds together, brushed his hair out of his eyes, gave his mustache a tweak, shoved his arm out at the regulation 43% degree angle, and said. Heil.
We immediately snapped to attention and gave a spirited rendition of God Bless America, tapering off with I Am An American and The Star Spangled Banner. Plus a few stanzas of Hail Purdue. * * * Having thus reached a mutual understanding we settled down to the nature of his visit. You gotta cut out riding Benito, Adolph says. He’s sensitive. Besides he is playing this game smart. His troops are not running. It is a strategic retreat. I will let you in on a secret. H Duce’s boys are backing up in two great semi-circles. Then when they get back to back, they will duck out to one side. And let Greek meet Greek.
The Purdue Exponent
Bditor-in-Cliief hnsincsa Mavaftr
News Editor
UanaKinK Editor
Entered aa second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Consress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 18.00 per year, mail sub-
scription $8.60.
B. W. Donahne Merle Hagemeyer
Publication Staff
J. H. McKee
_ „ D. K. Heiple Associate hMitors: W. It Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. RuBner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Tiangott.
Business Staff '
Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, 0. C. Landers: Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Managet, R. M.
Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff
Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
Siess.
Sports Staff
_ J. P. Dolan
Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O.
Swaim.
Editor
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Rnffner Ass't. Night Editor: Zinski Day Editor: Miller Night Sports Editor: Adamson Staff: W. M Clark, E. W. Nordlinger, J. R. Galloway, R R. Runnion, P. L. Brink, D. J. Davidsen, R. Eberts, R. E. Humrickhouse, S. H. Lowy, D. Davidson, M. J. Fox, Jean Lauer, Peggy Howard, M L. Losey, Barbara Lahr, Mary Boynton.
We said, OH.
Another thing says Adolph. We got a system which will make your best bomb sights obsolete. We sneak our bombs in at night and plant them under military objectives. Then when the planes fly over, a little man pushes a switch and boom. No more military objective. That way bomber pilots do not have to know a darn
Jinudi^ JcJIl
SH Down, Mr. Bailey
. . . we’d like to have a little chat with you. Your editorial from the Delphi Citizen which was reprinted in yesterday’s Exponent has inspired considerable comment here on the campus, most of it unfavorable. We too have been following the articles in the Atlantic Monthly and we’ll agree that the collegiate mind, in general, pursues the course of isolation. And isolationists we are because we are realists enough to know that in a world motivated by selfishness and self-protection that isolationism is the best means to preserve that which we have. But what of our sister England, you say? Do we not have enough good Christian spirit to help her preserve that which she has ? And to that we answer “England is reaping as she has sown.” Did we not see England, after the last war, place an economic stranglehold on the conquered Germany that kept her on her knees for years? Is this the sort of idealism that we are to fight for? You speak of the exemption of college men from the draft. To our credit it must be said that college men have not asked and have not received exemption from military service as
Purdue’s # Interesting I People
Ether Edits
at the University. Should deserve a hearing.
By Donna Siess
“Time for dinner, boys. Give Faith the plane paits to clean and put together. Here you are, Faith. She’s all yours.” Unusual ? Yes, but Faith Wayne has been hearing similar words for some time now during her visits to the airport. At first, when she started hanging around the airport offering to help clean plane parts and asking questions, the mechanics thought she was just a fool co-ed getting under foot. Well, this co-ed fooled ’em, and now she has their complete 0, k. The campus doesn’t count many girls among its members who .joan put together a flashlight, let alone plane parts. Wants Her Own Plane Behind all this interest in the mechanics of airplanes is a desire of Faith's to some day own her own plffne and be versed enougl^ in its anatomy to be its mechanic. Consequently, during her spare time she may be found at the airport working side by side with the regular mechanics. It’s a thrill that only those who dy can know,” stated serious fair h^red Faith in regard to flying.
By Gordon GrifiSn Another new program will test its wings over WBAA Friday at 4:30 p. m. It is the PIA StudentFaculty Eoundtable. Plans call for a weekly discussion of student interests arid problems. In keeping with the frosh forums on activities, members of the first roundtable—■ Profs. J. W. Robinson of the His-, tory. Government and Economics Department and Prof. M. D, Steer of the Speech Department; students Walter Gipe and Bill Hepburn—will consider the general history and purpose of the extra-curricular plan
Last week-end we visited next door to Garry Moore’s (we’re using his radio name) abode in Glencoe, Illinois. Garry, as you probably know, MC’s on Beat the Band and half the daily Club Matinee shows, writing his own scripts for the latter, Mrs. Moore informs us that Garry has a hahit of jumping up at all hours of the night to take a few notes on ideas that occur to him, sitting up all night typing his script, or even going all the way down to the Merchandise Mart in the wee small hours if necessary. What a life!
—e-e-
She completed the primary CAA course last fall and hopes to enroll in" the advanced next semester. Flight instructress with commercial flying as a future possibly is her goal. Versatile Flying isn’t her only line of thought, however. She broadcasts over WBAA and ranks high scholastically, now holding the presidency of Alpha Lambda Delta. In knowing this popular co-ed, we may perhaps be knowing a future Amelia Earheart who will not only fly the ships but will patch the broken pieces as well. —^yours for more interest—
Previewing the new season of weekly matinee opera broadcasts from the Metropolitan Opera House, WLW at 1:00 p. m. will bring artists and soloists to listeners in excerpts from Mozart’s “Marriage of Figaro.”
—e^e— Drama Notes: CBS presents another gang-busting Big Town broadcast (Wednesday, 7:00 p. m., WBBM) . . . and you might leave your dial untouched at 7:30 p. m. for some of the homespun philosophy of Dr. Christian (Jean Hersholt) who this week solves a romantip triangle in “Rival for Roy” . . . Herbert Marshall and Grace George are co-stan^ed in the Campbell Playhouse production of the spine-tingler, “Kind Lady” over WBBM—Friday, 8:30 p. m.
^BjUeJL Jto ihsL
Dear Sir:
thing about bombing. We save gasoline by running without loads. And best of all. We can’t miss.
With that he —'''—*—*—*—*—*——*—*—— (50 words censored), tucked a time bomb in the waste basket and left. The time bomb has quit ticking but has not gone off yet. Just another case of Czech carelessness.—dkh
prescribed in the Selective Service Act of 1940. We have had our training period deferred until July 1, the end of this scholastic year but at that time we expect to comply in full with the requirements of the law. We still have ideals, Mr. Bailey, but we’ve learned to cover them up with a protective coating of cynicism or rather realism. The youth of today separate idealism from realism just as they separate futility from practicality. It seems to us that America has a choice; either she must pursue the course of complete isolationism or she must step in and control the war to the extent that she must dictate the terms of peace. But we cannot follow the middle course as we have done heretofore. We stepped in and saved the Allies and then allowed them to settle things themselves and what have we now ? This course is futile and if this is what the idealists offer us they can have it—we want no part of it. American youth may mentally fiddle while Rome or London burn, but when the wind starts blowing our way you may be assured that the bucket brigade will lack no volunteers. One more thing, Mr. Bailey. You speak of Patrick Henry and John Paul Jones. They are still our heroes, not because they were,sentimentalists but because they fought for the same sort of independence and freedom from Europe’s quarrels that we now desire to maintain.
Tuesday morning I noted, with interest, the repeat in your paper of Mr. Bailey’s editorial, “College Men And War,” which first appeared in the Delphi Citizen. In keeping with the title of “cynic” which Mr. Bailey has tacked upon us, the younger generation, I first of all am wondering if he himself is between the ages of 21 and 35. If so, he has a legitimate right to call us, including himself, all the names he can think of, ranging from cynics all the way down to yellow bellies. If not, I simply discount his words as those of another over-aged flag waver, too old to fight himself, but more than willing that someone else shoifld do it for him. Enough of these wonderings. Strange as it may seem, I agree to most of the things that Mr. Bailey had to say. We are isolationists, we don’t want to die on foreign battlefields, and we do regard with suspicion the politician, who repeating the words of those patriots, Patrick Henry and John Paul Jones, would send us there. We are immune to sympathy, when it is connected even ever so remotely with our own demise, and although we would rather see England win than Germany, we are not yet sure whether it is worth dying for. We do enjoy the blessing of peace, and opportunity, and hard work in American colleges and universities, but as far as that Hollywood atmosphere goes, I think that Mr. Bailey has been seeing too many movies. If he can point out the school that offers the things depicted in the movies, including the blondes, that is where I wish to register. Undoubtedly a year in active service would do most of us a lot of good, but that doesn’t remove our dislike for the sudden change of opportunity from $100 a month and better jobs to $30 a month. We agree that our intest is more on the blonde sitting next to us, although some prefer brunettes, and the dream of making a millio^ dollars than on righting all the wrongs this world may have. The man that would not rather have that blonde at his side and a million dollars in his pocket than a gun by his side and a hole in his pocket, with an unmarked grave at the end of the trail ought to have his head examined. All right, we like the world and it’s wealth, and we want to live and enjoy them. We are cynics. SO WHAT. dk.h.,’41.
After leading the editorial, “College Men and War,” which appeared in the Delphi Citizen November 28, I wondei if the wiiter is not judging from his peisonal expeiiences while in college rather than from his so-called cross-section of collegians? If so, let me judge from some of mine. Prom my observations as a Purdue student, I find that the “poker playing, class cutting, draft ducking, coke guzzling” college heroes aie pretty well culled out by the time the rest of their former classmates become seniors. Some of the poker playing, etc., people join the WPA; others, as far as I know, re-
turn home and become newspaper editors or something. Admitting that most college students are broffd-minded enough to realize that battering their brains out against a brick wall will not ^ leave the world a better place to live in, I wonder if draft ducking is anymore the rule among college students than among the other citizenry of the country? The editorial stated that college men are exempt from Selective Service. Perhaps I’m just another rattle-kneed draft ducker, but I feel that the college man is more liable to the Draft than any other citizen, unless it is the pool room slicker or the soda fountain jerker to which the editorial seems to compare us. What chance has a college man while in school working twenty hours a week at 30 cents an hour to get married and produce himself ja bundle of exemptions, as certainly a large proportion of other young men have been doing within the last three years ? There will be several of these poker players forgetting school for a year about the first of July, 1941. I also wonder how the percent of college students who join the ROTO and Air Corps compares with the percent of the rest of the citizens of college age who join some branch of the Service?
Let me commend the tri C’s as an excellent group of young men. There are many intelligent boys who have not had the opportunity' to find other jobs who are learning trades and are serving their Uncle in a very effective way in the CCC. Also, just as in the American colleges, there are inferior boys in the CCC from inferior families, who might possibly bring the I. Q. level down to that of the highest college student. Incidentally, there are some boys in school who were formerly in the CCC, and, I imagine, vice versa. As far as losing faith in democracy goes, the college student can see what a flock of fools the people of the woi’ld have been in letting a few over-exciting newspaper writers and politicians drag them into poverty and also a glorious death.
NOW SHOWING -A FIRST RUN HIT-
Mister -fOV'll FIND OUf
LORRE '"KARLOFF
"LUGOSI
““"PARRISH • ALMnf KRUC w and KAY KVSER’S BAND, featuring
CINNY SIMMS. Harn Babbitt. Ith Kabibble. Sul^ Mason, and “The College of Musical Knowledge.” Produced and directed by
Knowledge.' .
David Butler. Screen Play by James V. Kent.
EXTRA!
MARCH OF TIMES On Foreign Newsfronts
umnuTu
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
I’anmiWMit piMMiH tUVCOOPItJUKUINECIUnilU CiCIl a. D.MIUE'i NORTH WEST MOUNTED POLICE la tocfcalcoforf
£)US^ btf (^IcUumai
MudjljaU says: hey there clarence everywhere you go you hear people saying im glad this is america where we don’t have to worry about the next door country’s bombing yi>ur ^ house at night
sometimes late at night i wonder whether there isn’t an ethiopian or an inhabitant of bomeo or someone who is glad that he is in no way concerned with double e 19 or chem four or logging lab or psychology or' the prom committee —^mudball
From the implications as to the proper aid to the British Empire, I am forced to wonder in what garment factory the writer is a stockholder. It seems to me as though the writer might' be a hold-over from the last War’s millionaires who went bankrupt during the depression. The college student is no more immune to sympathy than is the average American, and can readily see the crime of cutting off babies’ toes in Holland and Belgium. With all credit which is due to the actual defenders of the United ^ States, and certainly there is a great deal owing, a pilot would be a (censored) of a lot of use running around up in the air without an airplane and a machine gun close by, which anyone knows come indirectly from some dumb colleg^e joe’s designs. D. E. Safford, ME ’42.
MARS
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
ARC
-LAST TIMES TODAY—
the night
-THURS. - FRI. . SAT.COVERED TRAIL DAYS OF JESSE JAMES KING OF ROYAtiAOUHTEO FIRST RUN NEWSt
PURDUE EXPONENTipapt^- Wanii SuuppatiimA
Wednesday* December 4, 1940
fiuhdujL SxfbMuadL
Men Are Sometimes Hard To Buy For—Here Are A Few Tips
With Three Weeks Colorful Christmas Wrappings Left 'Til Christmas Add To Attractiveness Of Gifts
TheseWill Be Handy
Only three more weeks till Christmas, and I can’t think of a thing to give Mm. How many co-eds have uttered these very words? How many have lain awake nights and day dreamed through chemistry racking their brains for a solution. Cheer up. Here are a few suggestions for the O. A. O. Every man has a list of things on his mind that he has wanted for years but has never quite got around to buying. Apply a little Sherlock Holmes along with your other lines, and then do your shopping with confidence. Be Practical, He’ll Love It Surprising as it may seem to the females, men are honestly and sincerely practical, and have no objection to receiving a gift of practical nature. Wearing apparel is one thing that can be practical and novel at the same time. There are many novel articles as you gq through the list of neckware, fancy shirt, tie holders, belts, cuff links, watch chains, suspenders, and belts with novel buckles. Just saunter through the haberdashery and keep your eyes open for something clever and different with perhaps a bit of frivolity. But a word of caution, before you sigrn the check, please be careful about color and pattern. Don’t let the salesgirl talk you into purchasing a necktie that no one else would buy, and looks like a numiac’s illusions as he scribbles in a phone booth. He may wear it once to please you, but youll find he spills gravy on it before long. Be safe and exercise your own good taste. Your man is normally conservative, so your best bet is to be under-extreme rather than overextreme in wearing apparel. Knit One—Pearl Two Before we leave the subject of wearing appare), why not make it really personal by making it yourself. At the rate the knitting needles seem to be flying about the campus, it seems the men should come in for some of the results. Why not knit him. a sleeveless sweater to go with Ms sport suit? Of course don’t attempt this if you just knit for your own amusement and it looks like mothy 'flannel or matted tweed. | For the smoker there are many sure-fire hits, and of course nine out
★ Exclusive How important the idea of exclusiveness becomes when you are thinking of Christmas gifts! And what gift can possibly be as exclusive and yet as truly from the heart as your own photograph? us for an appointment today. 7775
HlilEA The Photographer 634 MAIN STREET
After all your shopping is done and your list is completely filled, assemble the family and have some fun wrapping yom gifts. With a gift that is cleverly wrapped comes the thought that extra moments were taken to think of some really original means to do it up. The thought behind a gift can often be expressed in the way it is wrapped. Clever little jingles can be written dn the paper or appropriate decOTBtions can be tied to the gift wiprloright ribbon.
New Papers
Particularly beautiful gift wrappings can be made with the new foil papers which are solid in color and have a geometric design embossed on the surface. Instead of the usual ribbon fastening, colored tape can be used to form a design as well as to seal the package.
Another thing t<| remember in wrapping gifts is the nature of the recipient—something soft and light for the feminine type and something more conservative for the older, reserved tsrpe. Especially appropriate for men are the widely striped bright colored papers; and remember, no fancy bows on men’s gifts. Here, too, the tape should be used to keep the package free of excess frills. With the increased patriotic feeling this year, many clever wrappings can be originated in red, white and blue colors. Christmas wrapping materials can be bought separately but stores are also featuring matched sets of paper, ribbon, tags, and Christmas seals all in similar designs and col-
oring.
of ten men fall in this class. Saddle stitched leather humidors are among the most attractive remembrances for pipe smoker. Tobacco pouches come in highly decorative trends, including pigskin, striped silk, tweed outsides and tartan wool. Novel ash trays and pipe racks are plentiful. Pipe tobacco itself in an especially fine grade is acceptable, and remember those unusually fine briar imported pipes wMch he can treasure a lifetime. Cigarette cases are always popular in different styles, including sterling, silver, cloth and pigskin. Men get k|ck out of whipping out those personally monogramed match folders when asked for a light. Goin’ Places Good looking luggage is something that every “ed” will appreciate, and it is one of those things that men appreciate but seldom buy themselves. Regulation suitcases and handbags lead the list and these may come in leather, linen or reiu-
FREEMAN MASTER FITTERS
in "A EEAUTIFSI SENDER”
Free-Flex
VERY FLEXIBLE • . . and veiy handsome too. Here's a hooK op of style and comfort that’s really one for the books. For better “benders” • V • • Hond-Stoliifd Norwfgimi fSoft-Tomifdl CglWl X.RAY FITTING A 6. C Shoe Co., Inc 406 Blaiii Street
Sporting Goods Offer Many Gift Seieclions When it comes to selecting Christmas gifts, there can be no doubt that sporting goods will provide a happy solution for many a problem. Since the sports world is no longer man’s exclusive domain, the desires of every member of the family can be satisfied. For Women A few suggestions for women include: Bowling skirts, balls, shoes, bags, sMrts, figure skating outfits.
glove, scarf and headgear combinations, shoe and skate outfits. Roller skating shoe and skate combinations, costumes, bags, riding boots, spurs, vests, habits, saddle soap, boot trees, crops, golf clubs, bags, balls, tees, shoes, accessories, slacks, gloves, spot hats, socks, footwear. For Men Since there are many popular sports for men, many items can be listed: Fishing rods, reels, lines, hooks, sinkers, line dressing, waders, golf clubs, bags, balls, tees, books, calks, shoes, ice skates, figure skates, racing skates, roller
skates, bowling balls, shoes, riding boots, breeches, coats. For the person who has “everything” we suggest: Tennis racket covers, presses, visors, sun goggles, skeet equipment, targo, mo-skeet-o, and plinking games, finishing line dryers, fly and line dressings, fly books, minnow bucket.
“The Ox-Bow Incident,” a western novel by Walter Van Tilburg Clark, former instructor in English at the University of Vermoi^, has just been published by Random House.
forced fabric. He imdoubtedly possesses a hobby which will afford a good means of suggestion. Consider the possibility of something novel for the golfer, hunter, swimmer, or collector, and many other fields of interest. Start your sleuthing immediately and shop with the confidence that your gift will please. Make Your Gifts Ingenious, Thoughlfuiness Costs Little How many times have you received those little gifts you didn’t need? Why not try to make Christmas more exciting for others by giving inexpensive gifts that show thought and ingenuity. Perhaps you have a friend who collects autographs. Give him a wooden covered one that costs only 60c.
CHRISTMAS FOOTNOTES Give Dad, Brother, or Boy Friend something collegiate for Xmas. If it’s slippers or hosiery you want, see GOODWIN’S
(In the Village)
302 State Street
Phone ii353
Free on every white Arrow Shirt
Here is a gift tip that cannot fail you — give yonr Dad or Brother a monogranuned shirt. His sense of the practical and his inner vanity both will be appeased if yon select an assortment from onr stock of Arrow Shirts. The attractively designed inltinlin give the tonch that is indicative of yonr interest in him.
Arrow Hitt
$2.00
Arrow Drew....
$2.00
Arrpw Dart
$2.25
416 Main
DEWENTER’S
416 Main
\ )
>j*l'•‘f-
,f.
puAdutt, Sxfumjtnt
Wednesday* December 4* 1940
fijogaS
s/
Girls, Find Out What He Likes, Then Gift Him Accordingly Girls, it’s time to be thinking about Christmas gifts for your best boy-friend. Your best chance to give him a gift that he will enjoy is to find out what he enjoys doing. Perhaps he looks forward to the first day of warm weather when he will ag^in be able to play golf or tennis. Sports clothes and sporting goods offer a wide range of attrac-
tive gifts to delight any man. Is He A Fisherman? If the art of fishing fascinates him, he^ll dearly appreciate any of a number of articles which, will make his fishing equipment more complete. Books are always an appropriate gift for the person interested in reading, and who doesn’t enjoy a good book now and then. A pen and pencil set or a box of stationery would serve as a gentle reminder that he has been negligent about writing. There are many fellows who spend much of their spare time building up and tearing down ma-
You want to give him something super . . . something useful . . . something to show excellent judgment. Then, lady, trust CONTEMPO. These are related gifts, created hy men who are recognized authorities. Each item was designed, dyed, woven or knitted to be given together and worn togther. You can select an outfit that will go with his business suits ... or his tweeds. Or mayte you’d like to contribute to his night life with everything for tuxedo or tailcoat. Or maybe help him relax with an ensemble for his leisure. Come in! We’ll be pleased to show you the various outfits . . . all of them sensibly priced ... to make gift-giving the fun it should be.
BY
0»r CONTEMPO GIFT BOOK can help solve your Christmas Problems. Ask for your copy, BALTIMORE CLOTHES SHOP Phone 2873 414 Main St.
chinery. If the man in question is' of this type, a chest of tools, shirt and slacks of launderable fabric, or plain everyday overalls are sure to please him. The first consideration is to find out in what direction his interests lie. After this has been determined, it is a simple matter to find something which will make his Christmas a merrier one. r.e.h.
The name of Fresno State college stadium has been changed to Batcliffe stadium in honor of Emory Bateliffe, first football coach at Fri^sno state.
Home Recording Set Puts Your Own Voice On Record It’s strictly off the records,'folks. Yes, it’s your own voice which you can transfer to a cylindrical disc by means of one of the new home recording sets. ’Wiese new devices are attached to many of the new radios and can be seen at many of the downtown stores. Becordings of < your own voice sending greetings to friends and relatives is a new ided to replace Christmas cards. Come in and look at a home recording-radio combination, today!
Time Pieces Will Adorn Femininer Masculine Wrisis As Yule-tide Gifis
SometHing useful that will be used is something ELECTRICAL. (
If it runs with electricity—we have it. 6RELSF0RD ELECTRIC SHOP 213 State Street, West Lafayette Dial 5952
Natural Metallic Tones In White/ Yellow, Green, Gold Will Predominate A timely and thoughitful Christmas gift to anyone is a watch, irregardless if the recipient has ay, watch now or not. This year’s models and styles are attractive enough to warrant the discarding of older watches in preference of newer types. The new watches are definitely a part of fashion. Streamlined, ultramodern, virile-masculine timekeepers for men, and the dainty, ever smaller watches for women. Particularly in demand ai’e the new black-faced, golden numpraled creations, and of course the practical curved-wrist effect is being used. A watch has become a necessary part of a person’s personal effect, and occasion watches are being recognized more and more. Sportswear requires a sturdy, rugged type; whereas mere eveiryday usage only necessitates the conventional sort. New on the market this year are watches with a small clip mounted on their back. This allows the watch to be fastened to coat or hand bag, and when snapped back, it forms a small easel on which the watch can rest on a table. The problem of Christmas shopping provides an annual headache, but when a practical and inex-
pensive object is available, certaiiK ly part of the ordeal is oveceowe. A watch, or incidentally any sort of timepiece, is practical and can be / a very inexpensive gift. Above all, it will be an iqnyrociated one. People require and need watches. When this is accompanied in a smartly-s^led, good-looking, attractive article, Christmas-givingr success has been reached. Many of the newer models have done away with the numerals. In their place are' small dashes of metal, or in some cases small, sparkling, baguette diamonds shine out for the hour divisions. Add Natural Coloring Natural coloring has bene added to improve the apperance of watches. Natural gold, white, yellow and green are favored, with, of course, platinum remaining the aristocrat and favorite of all. Novelty watches for children, mantel and bedroom clocks for adults, and practical kitchen creations provide a wide variety from which to choose. Watches are smart living. They extend to the owner a sense of independence, and become in Idme a very vital accessory to him. Watches often become a life long possession. Consequently, the combining of all these featuiW into the form of a Christmas gift will make someone a little happier and certainly far better off. b.l.b.
Distinctive Gifts For Every Name on Your List k Choose perfect gifts conveniently with this Gift Guide. Lafayette's most complete gift store is ready with distinctive hand picked gifts for every name on your list. Choose gifts for young and old men and women, and children at Decker's.
POTTERY WARE ARTIFICIAL FLOWERS COMPACTS BOOKS LUCIEN LELONG TOILETRIES COSTUME JEWELRY SPUN ALUMINUM HOSTESS TRAYS NICK NACKS TYPEWRITERS , \ I.E.S. LAMPS LEATHER COATS SPORTSWEAR STATIONERY
SHOE ICE SKATES GAMES BOOKS TOYS MODEL AIRPLANE, SHIP AND TRAIN KITS SPORTING GOODS PING PONG SETS
Order Your Christmas Cards Now! 21 Sample Books to Select from 50 $1.00 “IS?
OFFICE EQUIPMENT OFFICE FURNITURE BOOKS PIPE RACKS SPORTING GOODS LEATHER CASES AND BILLFOLDS FOUNTAIN PEN SETS DESK SETS DESK LAMPS FILING CASES HUMIDORS SWEATERS LEATHER COATS JACKETS SMOKERS
X? X? "D ^ d JlMb Jtill J^L iC# THE HOME OF DISTINCTIVE GIFTS
518-20 Main Sfraef
Vhom S03G
’’ '-SI ‘4 Mi ’*
I) !
fWVw
/ / t*''’/'’ ^ ir( ^ « ffhL_f I « , M 'll! ^ ^ Jt \ i ’'> i*'* ’ .i ^ ^ » j ' n ’ U t
I
) !
U'
1
A
fiagaS
Wednesday. December 4. 1940
fijttJidua, £xfiomnL
Toy land Promises Most Joyful Christmas Morning To Kiddies
If all the world were grown up and filled with stodgy, stuffy adultisms, Christmas wouldn’t begin to be the joyous holiday, fun-filled event and laughter-riging time it is! Christmas belongs to the young in a very special way. We should want to present the children we know with the present of a perfect Christmas day wrapped in bright thoughts and sparkling with generosity. Of course, it is Santa who opens the door of Toyland to all the children of the nation. The shy little girl, the precious little boy, frivolous little scatterbrains, children whose greatest joy is tearing up things can all be satisfied with something from Santa’s bag of toy-tricks Educated Toys This year’s toys have more than a “something to play with” purpose. They provide safety in play, purposeful occupations, and a real educational worth. The early mental maturity of the children of this modem age may stump some adults, but the toy designers seem fully able to cope with the problem. Toys must be vitally interesting or they will bore bright little Johnny or Mary to the point that they will think Santa a very inconsiderate old soul. Therefore, this year’s toys teach in simphfied forms, home life, scientific experiment, operations of industiy, means of transportation, and activities related to national defense—all toys that instruct while they amuse. The tiniest infant is provided with playthings that satisfy the immense curiosity that is all out of proportion to his small size. Animals that bark, grunt, or squeak realistically help him to form definite associations. Growing limbs are exercised by giving tiny arins something to reach for and pudgy legs something to jieddle. Alertness is promoted by urging the baby to fit Iiegs into openings, balance blocks, or recognize letters and numerals. Practice Makes Perfect The older girl who yearns to be a fashion designer will be delighted with toy equipment along those lines. The girl who is never happier than when she is dabbling in the kitchen with small sleeves rolled and a dab of flour on her nose will be delighted with a tiny cook stove or other kitchen essentials. Boys’ eyes open wide with joy and wonder when allowed to experiment with chemical sets, build miniature bridges, boats, or plane models. Games which involve group-play competition give many a child the fundamental principles of good sportsmanship. So adults, visit Toyland and purchase wisely. It is a well established fact that grown folks enjoy themselves almost as much, if not more, than the tiny tots in this magic land. It will not be a hard task to give a Merry Christmas right out of Toyland! m.l.m.
Honor Young Ladies With Birthstone Ring
Birthstones will make jewelry a gift that is personal. Keats had something else in mind, but he could have aptly though of jewelry when he wrote that matchless line, “A thing of beauty is a joy forever.” Women love jewelry because it adds graciousness and poise and a definite sense of regalness that has nothing to do with pomp. Yet jewelry will satisfy her vanity, and it will bring pleasure beyond the mere wearing of it, for jewelry is one gift that is universally endowed with exquisite individuality. Whether its beauty glows from a wrisj;, its brilliance is borne on a finger, its radiance draped on a neck, or its sparkle pinned on a dress, the pleasure in jewelry is enhance if it is especially chosen to symbolize her persoimlity or to embody a particularly important date. A birthstone will stress the individuality of the gift and reflect your consideration of he rimportance. Here is a guide to birthstone jewelry. Jmaiaty-~<3»raet February—Tinettfat Febmary—^Amettyat jiareb—Aqnamatine April—BwwWre, Wamoad Hay—Eawrald June—Pearl July—Oay*, Baby Aaaaat—Caradian, Ippaa Octobei^-OlM Baby, Laiis, I«mlU. nJ.L ' ’
Co-ed Hearts Thrill With Hope For Gold As Christmas Gifts
Let’s write a letter to Santa Claus. We’ve been good girls, just good enough, all year and so like all girls just good enough, we would love to have jewelry for Christmas. Now, Santy Panty, you know how each of us waited up for you last year, but when you didn’t hand over that bracelet with your fraternity pin along with it, you about broke om’ hearts. What really disappointed us was your complete ignorance of our numerous hints. Didn’t you notice us eyeing that locket with the Purdue seal oil it ? Even the mink coat couldn’t compare with it. Jewelery Vs. Wraps After all you only wear a coat
when you’re outside and most of our activities are definitely with the indoor games. The other day when a couple of us walked past the jewelry store we had to stop and spend several minutes window-wishing for some of those compacts and evening bags. Santa Claus, we all know that you have a lot of women to buy presents for, but jewelry with some sort of seal on it doesn’t cost so terribly much. For some of us with boy friends at Purdue, any sort of accessory with a Purdue reference on it would make us so proud. Several girls have said something about how nice it would be to have a ring with a seal or crest on it for a Christmas gift. Of course, that is just the thing for girls with pins or going “steady.” It isn’t the same as a diamond ring, but the families
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Hain St. Phona 5701
DEACS Everything for a College Education
• Locksmith
University Book Store Across form the Union Next to the College Inn M C. "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
KEYS and LOCKS Kays for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a spcfclalty. Blci^las, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phona 2828
o Dairy Products
• Hardware
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse —Right Prices 822 Mam St. Phone 2777
U. S. PATENT NO. 2164251 The Zenith Universal— the only portable radio which works efficiently.
Th. secret of why it worlis where ethers fall b in the Potanhd OefodiobbWaveMognefl
ENJOYMENT Aaywliere You Co Yovr complete v traveling com- \ ponioni Styled like fine luggage. Easy to carry. Ploys from selfcontained battery... or ti|^socket... 110volt #Q95 AC or DC... Complete
PFROMMER BROS. 705-707 Main Sffeel'
REIFERS FUI^NITURE CO. 9th and Main Streets
Only ZENITH Has The Detachable WAVEMAGNET
Handbag Muffs Take Lead In Smartness
A handbag muff done in various type furs becomes, this Christmas, a very practical and appreciated gift. Practical, because it will supplement any coat of fur and will add to it a note of distinction and smartness. These handbag muffs
are, of course, mere handbags completed in all varieties of fur adornment. From gray kidskin up to mink, if desired, these muffs dress up any ensemble. Particularly those that have no fur outline used on them. Fur gifts add a note of luxury, and in this case, these handbags can be purchased very inexpensively. Such a gift will certainly be welcomed sincerely and appreciated to its fullest. b.j.b.
Theta Xi . social fraternity announces the initiation of Ahmet Neyzi, Ankara, Turkey; Robert Hall, Fort Wayne; Robert E. Meyers, St. Louis, Mo.; James D. Kam, Jackson, Mich.; Robert J. Visia, Cicero, 111.
Harriet Elliott, only woman member of the national defense advisory commission, is on leave as dean of women at the University of North Carolina.
would approve of it much more. Recognition pins or Greek letters would look so nice on the lapel of your girl's coat, co-ed or not. More than anything else, jewelry flatters as a present, especially if the jewelry has a seal or identifying crest on it that will show everyone just who that girl belongs to. It’s pretty vain of a girl, but she loves to have gifts that show a boy gave it to her.
A Tipi
r
Make the Home-work
Easier
for Mother!
Give Her a Chance to Make Ready for Christmas !
Many hours of her time usually taken to get your Laundry washed, packed and returned, will be a welcome Gift to her for
Get Ready Early!
Phone
Let American SANITONE CLEAN your Holiday Clothes NOW I And Look Your BEST when you greet the home-folk again!
We Pick-Up and Deliver
American
Pre-Christmas Planning.
Do this Now . . . By sending your Laundry Bundle to American!
LOOK SPIC AND SPAN when you go home. Bundled up like a newly packaged Gift for Her!
In colors new...tho in your present clothes just SANITONE CLEANED.
UNION UNION UNION UNION UNION UNION
UNION BOUND
“At your service for Fun and Recreation!”
Never before has the Union offered more . . . use its conveniences to advantage. ^ ^ • BROWSING ROOM • BOWLING ALLEYS • GRILL LOUNGE • GAME ROOMS • MUSIC ROOMS
JJUL fiWuilJUL Wenufiiat UniotL
‘Comer of the campus, yet the Center of Activities'^
1
4‘
P
MifijuhdwL ^xponinL
Wednesday# December 4# 1940
7 -{jt^omanii Su/^^MiwfU
Sf’
Christmas Means Much To Children-Choose Proper Gifts
Vfhat A Lovely Gift-Oops What Is This? Another Surprise Inside The First One
The gayest way to wrap a Christ-,, mas gift is to have the wrapping a second gift! This gracious gesture can be made an inexpensively or expensively as one’s Christmas budget will allow, and imagine her delight at finding a downy boudoir pillow stuffed into a gaily colored inexpensive waste basket. Just envision the smiles of surprise on the faces of those you care for, when they receive a great big bundle of Christmas joy, enhanced two-fold because contents and con-
tainer are individual gifts, which may—^but need not be—^related. For instance, the girl whose life is one round of parties can make happy use of a set of crystal dram perfume bottles (tiny enough to carry her favorite scents for different occasions, in her purse)—and the jewel or hosiery b^x in whose compartments they’re stowed. Double Duty The woman who loves her-home Hrill divide her affections equally
between the big, downy cushion and boudoir waste basket in which it is stuffed. If both are in similar colors to harmonize with her room’s color scheme, she’ll think the giver mighty wise!
Maybe fashion is her forte. Be sure of thrilling her with a gift of two or more pairs of gloves, nestled in a glove box.
use for handkerchiefs or lingerie.
Ever Been to Mexico?
You Should See the Beautiful
IMPORTED Mexican Feather Work and Mexican Serapes All Hand Made! Individual Designs! New to Lafayette! ^ See Them Now At
VOeUE HAT SHOP
Phone 2207
313 Columbia
Frosh Netters Obtain Services Of Fehring
With the end of football season the freshman basketball squad- has gained the services of Coach Dutch Fehring and ten new frosh football men to try out for the squad. Coach Fehring has just recently assumed the job of freshman basketball c^ach after completing the fall season as a member of the football coaching staff. Frosh football boys that are now trying out for the team are: Andretich, Bachman, Chester, Fields, Johnson, Levy, Snively, Stoelting, and Stuart.
The squad that now includes thirty-four men will be reduced to about twenty men before long.
IT'S JEWELRY YOU WILL FIND
DAME & WILSON'S
T. W. A.—laMMC com all linoflic* On Bennu Timo ! Tito
^ jfewiifeUBlp
(*
Things To Wear Are The Answer For Those Gifts To Little Willie Or Maiy
Practicai Christmas
An older girl—^perhaps one going |)ack to college after the holidays— would adore a travel iron, fiatly folded into a gay box which she can
Gifts Are In Demand For Entire Family
Just a little planning, and looking around the stores will inspire every Christmas shopper to give twice-the-pleasure by presenting a gift within a gift—^to wreathe with smiles the faces of everyone in line for remembrance.
Practical gifts which disguise their usefulness are always welcome. There are an endless number which hide their utilitarian purposes. A cigarette holder and lighter which makes you grin and say “but what’s it good for” hides its purpose. The holder is a little polished brass bucket with a walnut handle. The lighter, also in brass, is a charmingly designed table model. How about food scrapers for Christmas! Not the kind you’re thinking of but these pets—Bull Pup and Proud Puss—^beautifully designed and wrought in heavy iron. Aunt Sara who dotes on fiowers will receive a vase of course. But not a clumsy overgrown affair. Give her a flower holder made of crystal in the shape of a king’s crown. It is as lovely with simple green leaves or holly as well as it is with flowers. Have A Cup Of Tea A twin spout teapot is useful for either the college co-ed or the “live alone and like it” girl. It is divided into two inner compartments. When you poTur, tea comes out of one spout and hot water out of the other. Eyeglass cases made from bits of imported French fabrics will be appreciated by the fastidious girl when she works.
Men -- Electrify Your Christmas And Delight The Entire Household
Practical as well as glamorous gifts will be appreciated as gifts from husbands. There is no longer any need to be timid about giving the wife practical gifts—such as a refrigerator, or a range, or even a washing machine or an electric iron. Modem appliances are always
possibilities for gifts. The modem electric range, for example, may be equipped with automatic controla which make it possible for the housewife to put her dinner in the oven, set the controls, and enjoy the
afternoon.
The newest refrigerators have cold storage compartments which enable the housewife to take advantage of bargain days and save shopping time as well as pennies.
No Drudge-Wife
Any man will fall for this handsome hazel colored pigskin case for 60 cigarettes, a lone wild goose flies over the top. Different kind of lizard skins are used instead of wood. Coasters which won’t break no matter how tough the going is will be appreciated by Fred, who always gives the best parties. They are made of a substance which looks like glass but is immune to any temperature and is unaffected by cocktail stains. Any girl will love this gingerbread brown pigskin compact with the powder and a swandown puff in the top, a good large mirror that pulls out of the side, and a row of bristles along the other side to brush off the coat after powdering. The list of practicai gifts which ^have their giddy side is practically endless, but these are just a few to get you started.
The washing machine and the electric ironer are not only effort eliminating and money saving appliances, but also have been designed with a sense of beauty that leaves the laundry as presentable upstairs as well^as in the basement.
The modem electric iron is a streamlined automatic device sometimes equipped with air cooled handles and almost always equipped with controls that take half the physical labor out of finishing things from the family latmdry.
When the husband considers giving household applisinces to his wife for Christmas, his real gift to her will be relief from sapping effort she need no longer indulge in. It will be a gift of more leisure, of more attractive surrounding, a gift that really does something for her. A complete list of appliances is almost endless. No husband need be bashful about giving gifts of thia kind to his wife. They are what she wants.
ALAN'S
YOU
Dresses . . . in Smart Lines and Good Taste • Wools ... in a nice range of pastel shades. • Lovely Silks, • Wool Jerseys, • and Crepes.
TOAST of the SEASON
Values from 7^ $7.95 to $10.95
Sizes
9 to 17, 12 to 20, 20'A to 241/2, 38 to 44
/
If you need a dress these are real buys!
Drop In and See Them
Matrix Sets Shetland Yarn
nM
Soldier Bine, Green. Wine Red and HlBoniek each
. . . JnU the thing {or daiua.
piece
Sweaters
Beauties!
All Kinds.
$1.98 . . . $3.98 . . .
$5.00 up
Some Real TBargaina in Our Shoe Department
Main St. at Fourth
Drop In and Browse! ** FenrRt
MiV ■• swf» ••iS jS* . A iff&l ^ t 4 j i ■’ <s
?5-' It
V
4' ;
ili* s/^4V
^:u
m’-^
;r Ivt-
^ -U/jomsni Suq/qiL&jtwnA
Wednesday, December 4, I94d
(pWidusL £xfiotmiL
Mailmen Face Task Of Delivering Huge Xmas Mail On Time
Sir Tackaway
Here is a Man’s Best Bet. Find the secret billfold if you can—and we do mean “secret”. . . ■ Pull the License Tab and zowie—out pops the Identification. Yes, sir—a billfold with plenty of practical thrdls. 5(2.75 _ $i30 J4.50. .^0.00
HAYWOOD’S
5th and Ferry Streets
BY IHI MAKERS of ROBINSON REAAINDERS
Gift To Make Home Happier
Is Aiways Weii Received
When Christmas comes around Uncle Sam faces his greatest responsibility in the tremendous delivery for his army of mailmen. But annually this job is carried through cheerfully, efficiently, and with elaborate preparation. Yet the final answer to this problem of delivering Christmas gifts before Christmas day, rests on the sender—determined by the time the gift was bought and when it was mailed. This year, more than ever, the mailing of Christmas gifts should be done as early as possible. Mail Early , There is good reason why “mail early” this Christmas becomes a slogan equilly important as the traditional “shop early” emphasis, Firstly, business conditions are improved, forecasting a greater measure of Christmas gift joy for more people, and correspondingly a heavier Christmas mailing season. Secondly, the burden will be further increased because of the defense measures. With hundreds of thousands of men participating in Amei'ica’s defense mobilization, many of whom will be unable to return home for the holiday, mailing of gift packages to them adds a new delivery problem. Thirdly, the post office department faces a perplexing and difficult problem in the dispatching of gift packages to foreign lands. Every one of these problems can be more easily solved if senders of Christmas gift packages will cooperate with the post office by mailing early. Gifts—Service—Foreign Gifts will be delivered to men in service anywhere in the country as though they were civilians, without trouble or delay. Gifts being mailed to foreign lands, especially to Europe, must face war embargoes on parcel post and disrupted transportation facilities in many countries. However, some nations have no such limitations yet, and early mailings may reach their destination without undue delay. You can get a list of foreign lands which will receive such mailings from your local post office. Christmas gift packages to Central and South America afford no difficulty and letters as well as Clipper mails will find smooth deliveries. But all such mailings should be early, advises the post office. More than ever this year, the post office is urging citizens to get their gift packages out early and their usual campaign beginning on November 1, takes on added significance due to the factors mentioned above. Your link between the boys serving Uncle Sam in nationak defense and home is the post office. Gift-senders will find happy cooperation from the mailmen in quick, cheerful service. The joy that such Yuletide expressions will bring is certain to infuse a heightened spirit and patriotic significance to these men. A Christmas gift package is a symbol of warmth and unity between the boys at camp and the folks at home. Mail them early!
The spirit of hospitality suggests gifts both practical and beautiful for everyone who has any sort of a home. Check over that Christmas gift list of yours and you’ll find that, after all, it’s just a collection of homebodies. Whether home to them is a microscopic menage of a single room or something pretty spacious and pretentious it’s undoubtedly a place they like to think of as theirs —a home designed for living. Just remember that, and your Christmas gift problems will all practically solve themselves. For there’s simply no limit to the home gifts that are smart, economical, and sure of an enthusiastic welcome—^whether it’s a gift for just one person or for all the family.
ered hat stands and coat or dress hangers, garments bags, and vei’y decorative lingerie, shoe, hosiery, glove and handkerchief boxes and cabinets. Make It A Memory When it comes to the living room, no end of marvelous gift suggestions are bound to occur to you. Almost any room will look lovelier with a handsome new chair, sofa.
bookcase, desk, table or rug—in case your gift is to be quite an impressive one. Give your own living room a critical estimate, and if you decide that the addition or replacement of some furniture would rejuvenate its beauty, why not suggest that all the family combine their Christmas gifts to each other into one or more distinguished new pieces of furniture? It’s becoming
Anyone Would Love Soft and Cuddly FUZZIE BUNNIES
No White Elephants Of course it’s no trick at all to please a woman with things for her home. The variety of welcome suggestions is quite limitless. And with all those smartly original things that now abound in the stores— things to bring beauty and convenience to a home, there’s not the slightest excuse for you to have a single white elephant on your Christmas list. From kitchen to bathroom, any room in the house will suggest dozens of grand inspirations for gifts. Luxuries for the bath can include lovely rugs in just the right color scheme, handsome bottles and jars for cosmetics and lotions, and perhaps a pretty little hanging shelf to keep them on. Matched towel ensembles, complete from bath mat to wash cloths, also make stunning presents; and have them monogrammed if you want them very elegant. For her bedroom there are exquisite fittings for the dressing table, lamps for dainty distinction, lovely sheets, blankets, quilts and spreads. To make her closet gay and orderly you’ll find attractive transparent boxes, matching velvet-cbv-
From SANTA
Genuine .... scuffs of D'Orsays .... Blue, Wine, White.
322 Main St.
Phone 5322
Don’t let the gift problem bother you—
Check them off on this list-
Jewelry Perfume Linens Pictures Glassware China Novelties Cameras Supplies Cases Albums Projectors
Guns Binoculars Radios Toasters Waffle Irons Coffee Makers Records
And let our trained Sales Force smooth out your problems.
THE FOSTER SHOP
East Side Square
ROBINSON BILLMINDER
a popular custom for the entire family to give their home a really memorable gift that will assure everyone pleasure through the years to come. If your home gift is to be a modest one, there are limitless ideas— because it’s the decorative accessories or bibelots that make a room truly charming, endowing it with that enviable lived-in quality. Lovely small things give an interior per-
sonality, and it’s grand fun choosing those that will harmonize perfectly with the taste of the person you’re remembering.
• Rifle Club Meeting Rifle Club is holding a meeting today at 7:30 p. m. in room 104 of the Fieldhouse, Anyone interested in the fine art of rifle marksmanship is cordially invited to attepd. w.h.h.
‘‘LOOK TO . . .
for more style at less cosf’
We have the kind of
GIFTS
a man can give grandly
Why puzzle and frown over what to give; let one of our salesladies help you select a gift for HER that .will sure make a big impression.
Housecoats, Robes, Pajamas and Negligees from Silk Lingerie from Silk Hosiery from
$3.98 up $1.98 up 79c pr. up
Gloves
J ewelry Scarfs Sweaters Blouses Kerchiefs
Each Gift wrapped in Xmas Box.
See the town’s most ^ exciting gift show!
Don’t consider your gift list complete until you’ve seen the newest Gruen watches Styled right and priced right, the 1941 model Gruens we’re now showing make our display the town’s most exciting gift show! Stop in today
'LAFAYETTE'S.LEADING JEWELERS,SINCE 1884“
1#?
HI
I
is
mm■*
4
i If
PuhduiL £xpomnL
Wednesday, December 4, 1940.
Pa^a 9 - SsmAai Suj^^iistionA
Gift Ideas Are Everywhere If You Look In The Right Places
Inexpensive Things From Other Lands Set Any Girl's Heart To Fluttering
Mistletoe On Packages Will Give Her A Thrill Well holly, bells, and mistle-toe, if it isn’t time to go Christmas shopping and Christmas dreaming again! Time for secrets and hidden packages and worry about what to get who and then what color of ribbon to tie it with. Ye men sigh for a crystal ball that would mirror m’lady’s dearest desires. We found that crystal ball, and these are some of the things we saw in it. From Mexico was a gift idea sparkling with originality. A pair of oh so comfortable Mexican Huraches, brightly nail studded and metal trimmed. Sounds (^ueer but isn’t . . . and she’ll love to wear
them. To be comfy yet comfortable the college girl would like nothing better than to have admiring femmes spot her \ifreariing leopardprinted rayon velvet shippers. Advocates of the sloppy-joe school will certainly go for the new raggedyann slippers. They’re all “raggedy” yarn on the bottom and have sung sock like tops. Go in for ingeniously packaged gifts, such a lightly poised ballet slipper stuffed with three pairs of gossamer silk stockings, and don’t forget nylons. They’re no longer fantastic mysteries but practical, can’t do withouts. Now grin and bear it lads, but a pair of the new knee-high socks in her favorite bright color will make the co-ed respond with a double-barrelled shout
of thanks. You can buy them in plain sweater colors or gayly embroidered, Tyrolean fashion. They feel might good on wintry days. The new ultra fuzzy mittens will appeal to almost any young woman on your list. They’re worn with sport clothes and formals. Some have snug parkas to match . . . cozy hood that keep the ears nice and warm. Soft doe-skin mittens are all the rage too . . . they tie at the wrist and look deceivingly juvenile worn with a gal’s snootiest formal. They all love a pair of doeskin gloves that wear and wear and go through ANY kind of weather. Frost bitten fingers can recuperate snugly in warm as toast mitts with bunny fur back and red leather palms.
Classics Inseparable classic twins, the Shetland wool pull-over and long cardigan are sure to score a hit. They’re hand sewn seams and come in luscious colors ... such as powder blue, dusty pink, natural or yellow. There are also eye-taking little sweaters brilliant in Tyrol-like embroidery and made of soft, soft wool. An eye-opener on a cold Christmas morning is a bright red felt envelope bag. Just the thing for tweeds or black town clothes. A blushing crocadile has also contributed something new in alligator bags. Calfskin bags fitted completely with vanity, lipstick, comb, and cigarette case are the handsomest handy things that have come out for campus wear in ages. These things we found in the’ crystal ball, and believe us, they are our lady’s heart’s desires. Now men, with these guides, brush up your ingenuity and do the shopping that will make her dreams come true. Co-eds Thrill The co-eds lives, think, and, of
1
0,
0.
Give A Present \ With A Future Open Evenings Until 9:30
M
lii
• Latest Models Emerson Radios. Price range $9.95 to $32.95 • Remington Portable Typewriters. Models priced from $29.75 to $69.50—Terms • Current Fiction and Non-Fiction Books. Always a proper gift for any age. • A multitude of carefully selected gifts for friends or family 50c to $50.00 We will help you with your gift problems.
%
PDRDllEBCCK&ilJPRY STORE
LYLE CRIDGLEY — MANAGER
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE IND
"Shop Early" Is The Password To Chrlslmas Gift Purchasing: Take Your Time, But Hurry
Two little words that mean so much around here are shop early. If you observe their meaning, it will make a world of difference in making a Merry Christmas for yourself. Shop Early—and take full advantage of the gift selections spread before you. Shop Early—Santa has arrived weeks in advance of Christmas day, to give you plenty of time to do all course, wears more costume jewelry than anyone else could imagine . . . and the sillier the better. For her favorite black dress, she’ll adore one of the lavish “bib” necklaces that gleam so wickedly. Some of the most popular are merely chunky gold strands that twine glitteringly about the neck. You can give her your heart and hand in the form of a little gold pin whose little golden hand comes tapping at a golden heart. There’s sentiment in fashion! Scotland sends a brainchild in a wisp of heather for her coat or suit lapel. If you think she’s an angel, why not give her one. They have them in demure little figures of white and pastel shades complete with halo and wings to be pinned on blouse or coat whenever she feels angelic. The most nonsensical things are made of wood. Anything from kitchen utensils to perfume bottles can combine to form "provocative bracelets and necklaces. Grinning or startled looking little painted heads have jourhied all the way from sunny California to be in some lucky girl’s Christmas stocking. Coral, Pearls, Sea Coral is having a big revival during the present craze for jewelry. Her favorite dress in black, brown, or green will look most effective when worn with a thick coral necklace with bracelet to match. Strands of pearls bedeck many queens for the evening and are grand for tea dances and afternoon functions too. Amusing metallic epaulettes add elegance and charm to wool dresses and stunning suits.
the planning necessary for wise shopping. Shop Early—and give yourself the opportunity to buy cafefully. Shop Early—and be able to participate in the full enjoyment of Christmas, because you haven’t let last-minute rushing weary you. Shop Early — Yes! Start right now, 'Seated in your own arm chair —^with this Gift Guide in one hand, and in the other a list of names of everyone you want to remember at Christmas time. Forearmed with these carefully devised pages, you can plan all yotar Christmas shopping at once. Get busy! Shop Early! Personal Portraits Make Intimate Gifts For Friends For those of you who haven’t quite thought of the right gift for someone dear to you, a portrait photograph may be just what you've been trying to think of. A portrait of you may be just the thing for that sweetheart, old friend, or close relative whom you want to be sure and please. Photographs are always the “right thing” for that someone whom you want something intimate for, something expressive of affection. Soldiers To Be If you are a young ed who is go~ ing to “join the army” next summer, your family and friends will certain want a recent, informal picture of you. Photography now is quite painless and at this time of the year many studios offer special rates. However, you had better act now to insure having your prints before Christmas.
Stetson University’s most prominent co-ed is back for her fifth year. She is 83-year-old Mrs. Letitia "Wilson Reynolds, a resident of Illinois, who is doing graduate work.
AUTHENTICATED BY AISTON, FAMOUH CUSTOM BOOTMAKEI
You'll like the added snap to be found in the lines of this new Fortune Fall style in smart, new "Teal Brown," as authenticated by the famous custom bootmaker, Aiston. Come in today and see this and our other distinctiYe new Fortune styles for FalL
B & W SHOE CO. 121 No. Foiulli Stf if ^ s(u!i -f Y
n^ffiy
' r
/ sJ. 5 I
S4, . •? (, , w
;V„'/ *, '
'' "#i
iS " t
4 i
1%
i 'j
pv
to - 'Ssnsihal SuqtjaiiwmL
Wednesdcty, December i, 1940
fijuhdufL £xfionsud.
Make Her Home Happy; Give Something She Can Wear
Good Santa Clauses Give
Gifts That Match Hobbies
A Little Snooping Around
Slip Her A Petticoat; Lingerie's The Thing
Show Best Choke
A person is as good as Santa Claus when he gives a gift which will contribute to the hobby enjoyment of his friends and relation. A hobby is usually the thing nearest to the heart of a person, and when someone flatters that cherished hobby by adding to its pleasure with some well-selected gift, the friend or relation will think it’s the best Christmas ever. Of course, when you give a hobby gift, you must know a little bit about the one you’re giving it to. It will probably be necessary to do a little “snooping around;” place a few questions where they will do long to that great amateur guild of model airplane builders. If he does, it’s “duck soup” to pick his present. Get one of those fascinating wireplane builder sets and make him happy for months on end. Well Worth Time It may be rather hard to find out about every hobby because people usually keep them pretty much to themselves. They are something which a person does in his spare time. Sometimes they are quite imusual and almost secret. But the extra effort should be well worth the time spent when everyone is really satisfied this Christmas. If you’re going to carry out this hobby gift idea, be pretty sure you’re on the right track. Aunt Azalea will not care for a jeweled set of crochet needles if tending petunias is her dearest delight. And Uncle Edgar will not beam with joy over a box of tiout flies if he’s gone completely golf-happy for keeps. Once you get started though, it will be easy. If, for example. Cousin Bertram’s hobby is fussing, fuming and fidgeting in the dark room, call up his wife and ask her if he needs an electric timer, or maybe a print trimmer—or a bottle of one of those new developers that does everything but take the picture. Keep Cook Happy If cook does fancy needlework on
the side, when she's tired of pots and pans and the smell of beef stew, sound her out on the subject of needlepoint. If the response is right, give her a couple of needlepoint patterns with gorgeous flower motifs. Little Joe, scuffing his way through grammar school, should be-
the most good.
Perhaps lovely Eyelyn, the sixteen year old siren, has just this year taken up with the “platter bugs,” those music enthusiasts who must have their own collections of favorite records. Find out from Aunt Bessie what kind of music Eyelyn is currently mad about and give her a couple of records in the chosen field, or better still, give her some credit at the nearest music store and let her pick out her own. If poor father has to retire to the basement with his smelly pipe, Christmas is a wonderful time to make the subterranean retreat inviting for him. If he belongs to the legion of men who love to make things, help him to outfit the basement workshop. A lathe, a set of wood-working tools, a jig saw or similar instruments for putting restless hands to welcome work has preserved the sanity of many a business man in this day of multiple taxes, social security payments, and unpredictable families . These examples are merely samples of the multitudinous possibilities open to the person who is planning this Christmas to turn hobbies mto a means of providing Christmas pleasure. There are hobbies galore, as everyone knows, from stamp collecting to maintaining a racing stable—so start in and get that Christmas list written out.
Dartmouth is stepping down out of the “rich man’s college” classification. Clarence E. Lovejoy, author of “So You’re Going to College,” who said in his book that it costs $1,660 yearly to attend Dartmouth, has informed administration officials that his latest edition will readjust Dartmouth's “typical” annual expenses at $1,360.
ICE SKATES
MEN'S TUBULAR $2.98 ~ $7.95
LADIES' TUBULAR (White or Black) $3.49 to $7.95
SPERB'S HARDWARE
i 822-24 Main
Phone 2777 i
*^0
Enjoy the distinction of a perfect fitting suit made from exclusive imported fabrics. The ideal gift to give yourself.
$30 up-
SPARRENDAHL 4th and Ferry
Of all the gifts calculated to make the feminine heart beat a little faster, lingerie is perhaps the most complimentary. For besides its actual loveliness that makes every female from sixteen to sixty catch her breath in rapture, there is an even more subtle flattery in its message that the donor recognizes the recipient as an individual of discrimination and fastidiousness. This, according to Yolande, wellknowm designer of hand-made underthings, is the reason that lingerie tops the list of Christmas gifts that women cherish both for their sentimental as well as their intrinsic value. It’s a far cry from the be-lacod and be-ruffled linen petticoats our grandmothers wore to the sleek, figure-flattering wisps of silk that are the slips and nightgowns of the present. For, according to this designer, lingerie today is created specifically to conform to different types of figures and to enhance their best points and minimize their less-than-perfect ones. No Chisels Needed “Bravo for the lovely, normal figure! For this type can wear the sculptured top slip that eliminates the need of a brassiere and has a slide-fastened placket that insures slim-fitting through the middle. “In fact, too much importance cannot be placed upon choosing the correct slip for the figure, for upon it will depend the fit of the frock that goes over it.” Not only in slips, but in gowns, too, it’s possible to select a style that will create glamour for its wearer. Like the Empire slip, the Empire gown with its high, flatter-
HIS SMELLY PIPE WAS OVER-RIPE-but he’s out of the dog-house now!
“OUT YOU CO, PETERI I won’t marry a human smokescreen ! Where’d you get that tobacco anyway—in a fire salePSnapoutofit! Switch to a mild and fragrant blend.”
PIPE AT A WEDDING? Sure! Pete made such a hit with his mild, grand-smelling Sir Walter Raleigh burley blend that even his mother-
ing waistline and pert puff sleeves, will do wonders for the slim figure. For the more statuesque type, a gown of shimmering satin made of sauve flowing lines with bodice of gathered chiffon in the same shade would be a perfect fit. While for the woman who suffers from the cold, a cunning long-sleeved gown with delicate embroidery down the front will prove that it’s possible to be glamorous and well-covered at the
same time. //
Yolande also suggests that pajamas are important in today’s fashion picture, and should be included on every gift list. “Nowadays women spend almost as much time traveling as they do at home. And a pajama ensemble is the perfect costume for walking between berth and dressing-room of
plane or train.
“Not only for traveling, but at home more and more women are finding pajamas indispensable. For women have more leisure today than in the past—^more time to lounge around the house.”
Spark Your Gift List With Original ideas And Score
The college library must double in size about every 16 years if it IS to maintain its place m the educational parade, according to Fremont Rider, Wesleyan university librarian.
If you are not afraid to be different, you can have real insanity in Christmas gifts this year. And don’t be timid about giving these gifts. The world can use a little laughter these days. Why not give HER a cigarette case that she’ll have to dial “I Love You” on every time she wants a cigarette. It looks something like the dial on a telephone so that you can put your telephone number on it. Here’s something to give for his desk that is different. It’s a pilot wheel containing a clock, barometer, calendar, hygrometer, and thermometer. Did you ever see a set of pajamas for a dog? They are made out of toweling to put on Spot after his Saturday night bath to keep him from getting pneumonia—or shaking himself and spotting his mistress. Buy an automobile horn that plays a tune for the friend who is
an automobile fiend. You can get “California Here I Come” or “Anchors Aweigh” among other ditties. Give a pocket comb for Christmas. One in the shape of a skinned fish with the teeth of the comb the fish’s vertebrae. The case is also a
fish.
Aunt Clara who lives in the country and is getting along in years will be delighted with stockings, silk on the outside for elegance and wool on the inside for warmth. If she is a woman who must have her bath water scented give her “bath confetti” scented globules in all colors of the rainbow that perfume the water and color it at the same time. Give gadgets for women’s coat lapels like a brilliantly red lobster with shining eyes, a necklace of multicolored clothes pins, or a flexible gold bracelet that looks like a snake. These are just a few of the gifts which are “different” this
year.
Columbia university’s school of business will raise entrance requirements for its three-year curriculum in accountancy to place the subject on an academic level equal to that of law and other professions, it has been announced by Dean Roswell C. McCrea.
n
^etn|,dRlettn)diristma$
INSPIRED BY THE TRUE CHRISTMAS SPIRIT ARE THE ONE’S MOST APPRECUTED.
PURDUE JEWELRY— Nothing could be nicer for one receiving a gift than to have the Purdue seal on it.
PURDUE SOUVENIRS — For those old home-town boys you know. FOUNTAIN PENS— Sheaffers, Parker, Eversharp, Esterbrook. GREETING CARDS — All kinds—-all prices.
Leave orders for personal Xmas Cards now, (Last day to order cards—Dec. 7th)
UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
Across from the Union—Next to the College Inn Cafeteria M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R, w. “Doc” Epple, »40
mmmesmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
' ■ p
iii.
O fv, " > /r " ^-i''' ’ <>■
4^uhd)usi £xf30tuinjt
Wednesday, December 4, 1940
fiaga If
s?
k
Unwhbkered Young Santas Should Pay Heed To This Letter
Dear Santa: I’m a oollege girl, co-ed, if you please. When you come to my Christmas stocking here are some suggestions you could keep in mind. Bright in the tip-toe slip a little Irish-linen hankie with hand whipped edges and gay flower pattern.
I’d love to find a cute little leather horse like they're piUning on suitlapels in this novel age. One of the smallest of nail polish kits that are usually the handiest with one of the new winter shades wmfld make a practical dream come true. I'd adore a slim, sophisticated cigarette case with matching powder compact. Designers are so thoughtful of women smokers these days. A small, brocaded evening bag with gleaming threads of silver and gold gleaming through it would be very nice. I think a bottle of some new scent that's just heavenly to sniff would give zest to any Christmas
atmosphere. A simple, black suede ^belt studded with tiny gold stars ^^ould star my Christmas definitely.^ Other belts of suede or kid, even the smart new reptile belts would have a very favorable venOm when worn with matching bag and gloves. Tuck in any stray, attractive bits of jewelry or trim, new compacts, and now to wander back to childhood for this one last request. I love china cats, dogs, elephant, and so on for my knick-knack shelf. Never have enough of 'em. Right in the top you could stick a fuzzy teddy bear or some such animal. Can't resist them to clutter up my room at
Glowing Gardonia . .. that shines forth from a new styled hairdo is the latest innovation in gadgets. Luminous; it derives its light from sunlight that is absorbed in its plastic makeup. school even in my college days. That’s all, dear Santa, but here’s a tip. We girls are quite a bit alike, and any co-ed 'North or South or East or West would be happy with a Christmas stocking just like this. Good luck, A co-ed.
Classify Your WomenIt Makes Shopping Easy
? "A ^ 'V-'d
* •i-'V ■
^ UOLLYWOO®
For Mote Fun Out ot Ute i, Chew DeVicious DOUBLEM'NT BUW DaiW
. - the
1 "
figtspot BOtreKt®" ^ oi ohevnng qum , The velvety stewing. DeUciou^ adds to the heipsmakevouiroo"*!^ cooling, .jjshmtoeveiythingyoudo. feeltelieshed.. .ad^‘““ taenpensive l«at Chewing this h aids youi dig®®' ,
helps sweeten yoni attractive. ;
aon . . . Wp® to
Treat yourseli dauy
doublemint gum. 1
lovir*'
Monogrammed Gifts Most Popular Way Of Personalizing Xmas Your Christmas gift can have added charm and originality hy the use of monogrammed initials. The value and attractiveness of the gift may he greatly enhanced by merely embroidering initials on a comer of a handkerchief, by engraving a family initial on silverware and jewelry, and even by stamping or burning monograms on wood and leather articles. The scope of this practice is practically unlimited. Shirts, sweaters, handbags, stationery, all can be personalized by monogramming. Fountain pens, pencils and cigarette cases can be easily identified if they bear the owner’s name or initials. It’s The Thought That Counts Small gifts of cloth such as scarfs, mufflers, and handkerchiefs may be made more attractive by initialing. Pelt letters may be attached, or initials embroidered or stamped in contrasting colors. This Christmas, whether you give stationery, silverware, or if you merely enclose a personal card, have it individualized by monograms. They will be made preciously intimate and more highly treasured because they say a personal “Merry Christmas.” d.j.d. Closet Accessories Bring Cheer As Gifts Her closet is her pride and joy with its fineries, laces and silks. She centers her pride about her meager or far reaching ward-robe and yom: love would be overjoyed to be the recipient of something which would afid beauty to that little cubby-hole in the wall where she caches those possessions. Irresistibly pretty as they are practical, perfectly co - ordinated closet accessories in shelf boxes, shoe shelves that hold eight pairs of shoes, little combination chests for lingerie, shoes and accessories. These fittings are smaR and compact and will fit into any regulation size closet. They may be obtained in a miriad of colors and designs, suitable to any color taste or harmony scheme. jJ.z.
DeLuxe Shampoo and Finger Wave 50c PERMANENT WAVES $2.50 to $7.50 CO-ED BEAUTY SALON Phone 1718 210 N. £»h
There Are 3 Types -Domestic, Career, Or Social Gadabout If you have some feminine friends on your Christmas list, you’d better get a system, or on Christmas Eve you’ll still be wondering what to give them. The best method we've heard about is so simple that H's unbelievable; just classify them. Is she domestic, or a career girl, or a social gadabout ? Every woman should fit in one of these classes, and when you have decided which she is, your job's practically done. For instance, any homebody would like a set of gay aprons or comfy slippers. If she has a lot of leisure, give her something to make —yam and pattern for a sweater, or a dress length of fabric. How About Co-eds? But how many co-eds are homebodies? All right, if she's a gadabout, give her a bed jacket to cheer her up on mornings after. If she already has a dozen, how about a sequin flower to pin in her hair on ^ party nights. Or to increase her wardrobe, a blouse that can be worn equally well with a short daytime or a full length evening skirt would be just the thing. If she spends part of her sooM life in sports, a set of sweaters, knee high so^, or hood and mittens in bunny for wotdd be most appropriate. No matter who she is, she can’t stop rain from falling; so there are attractive sets of raincoats with hoods or umbrellas that fold neatly into a small packet and can be carried in purse or pocket. For Lounging A career girl may have no time for play, but sbe'd probably appreciate a housecoat to lounge around in and still look well dressed in imexpected guests shoifld drop in on her at home. Any girl likes accessories, especially when they can be combined with different outfits to give the impression of an esfitensive wardrobe. In this category is a bright alligator purse that will last for years, accompanied by a matching belt, or three or four pairs of gloves of different colors to spike her black coat with brilliant effect. She can wear pearls with anything. If Yon Can't Afford It If she’s worth a lot to you, give her a velvet evening wrap that trails the floor and has a hood attached, or a fur bolero that can be worn over her nntrimmed coat or for an evening jacket. In the opposite price class, a pair of soled socks to patter around in, fmry ear muffs, a makeup cape, or one exquisite handkerchief with her name embroidered in the comer would suit both yomr budget and her taste. If you want to be practical, the ideal gift is a half a dozen pair of hose.
W 'Till CHRISTMAS
Complete Line of
SEARS.ROEBUCK AND CO.
Free parUng lot: directly across thel street from ours
store. •
Third and South Sts. Phone 4039
SHL ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING TOTALING $10 OR MORE ON THE EASY PAYMENT PLAN^
TREE and WINDOW * DECORATIONS Largest Selection of Christmas Greeting Cards in Town Ic to Sc KNICK-KNACKS for House Gift Exchanges PURDUE 5t, $1.00 AND UP STORE 314 STATE STREETK n/
W.
"(Vl
fija0e 12
Wednesday, I^cembef 4, 1940
fijuAdua £xfwmni
Christmas Gifts For Men Assume Many Shapes, Forms
When Christmas rolls around each year millions of American boy friends and fathers put a set smile on their faces—and prepare for the worst. They know, from years of experience, that they are about to receive a shower of non-wearable neckties, impossible socks, “gift” robes and the thousand and one other items of men’s wear which lovingv ones, in all innocence, choose a^ presents. The Same Old Story The forced expression of joyous gratitude is even more painful to hubby, dad, or fiance as the realization grows on him that not only does he have to accept these things with Suitable comments on the good taste shown in their selection but that he is expected to appear wearing them at the earliest possible moment. Many a man has felt the blistering effect of feminine wrath simply because he has not had the nerve to face the world in an atrocious Christmas tie on the morning of the 26th. It’s a delicate situation—and the girl friends and mothers cannot be wholly blamed. Their hearts are in the right place and they know that nothing is more practical and acceptable for men’s Christmas gifts than things to wear. Ignorance Is No Excuse Where they go wi-ong, we feel, is in the store when they find themselves confronted by a wide and varied selection of merchandise, only some of which is fitted for the particular man they have in mind. Dazzled by the array, they promptly forget the recipient-to-be's appearance, age, personality and general construction. They forget that they are buying something for a man to wear; so, instead of buying the style, color and pattern he would like, they buy things that appeal to them. It’s a sad comm|entary, but it’s true that the things which appeal most strongly to women are usually the ones men like the least. Retailers for years have been aware of this situation, usually having spent the week from Christmas to New Year’s in making exchanges for the men who are staunch enough to trade in what they got for what they want. They have tried their best to hold the womenfolk in leash when they come in to make their gift selections; their efforts are well-intended but by themselves are not enough. Make Them Fit His Wardrobe For instance, if you have decided to buy neckties for your boy friend, realize that he is just as color conscious as you are but that he likes colors that blend into an ensemble effect rather than bright splashes which make him conspicuous. Consider his whole wardrobe, types and colors of suits, shirts and socks before you go overboard on neckwear. No man can ever have enough ties. They are a well-appreciated gift, IF THEY ARE RIGHT. Socks are bad offenders, too. Some women argue that a man’s socks are covered up by his trousers so it shouldn’t make any difiierence what he wears, but here they are wrong. Men are very conscious of the wrong socks, either in color or pattern, so it is important to avoid striking a discordant note in choosing them. Robes Always Popular For years robes have been favorite Christmas gifts for the man of the house and they probably will continue to be, but it is high time women thought of the fellows who have to wear them before they start buying. There is a wider selection in the market this year tihan ever before; so it should be easy to find just the color, pattern and fabric that will click with the personality and requirements of the lad who’s on the receiving end. If you think he needs a new hat don’t attempt to make *^^lection. Buy a gift certificate—^there are some which come in miniature hat boxes—and let him choose his own. Buy sweaters and sports clothes tbat fit in with his outdoor hobby —in other words don't give him a ski jacket if his real desire is for a honbtng coat with ample game pockets. No matter how generous a soul Dad may be, the thought may flit through his mind tbat if it weren’t for the money he doles out as head of the house, there just wouldn’t be any Santa Claus for him. But once the thought has flitted out, he’ll be
most appreciative of a gift which contributes to his good appearance or cherished ease. For Indoor And Outdoor Wear For indoor hours there are robes and cocktail jackets, pajamas and slippers as carefully styled as street shoes. If he’s a great outdoor man, he’ll welcome the sm’-coat or slack set, the leather jacket, hunting or fishing apparel, or a pair of sturdy boots. An initialed buckle belt, a leather key case on a chain, and initialed tie and collar set; gifts like these please any I man. Of course, you
know that you can have his shirts, handkerchiefs, and other personal items monogramed for just a small amount extra. If he’s a/pipe collector, he’ll welcome another pipe for his collection—the more ox’iginal the more he’ll love you for getting it. If he’s a pipe smoker or if he smokes cigarettes, for goodness sake, find out his brand before you buy. If he’s mechanically minded, give him a set of tools. If he travels he’ll want to be sure he has everything with him when he goes, so there’s nothing like a smartly equipped gladstone, zipper bag or fitted kit. What man isn’t always
looking or tearing his gloves— really he can’t have too many of them—^he needs a different pair for dress, sports, driving, etc. Hobbies Widen Gift Range There isn’t a man alive that doesn’t have some sport for a hobby; for example, if he is a golf enthusiast, even though he would like to select hi^s own clubs, he would be more than satisfied with some exti^a balls. Men are getting about as particular about the number of sweaters they have as women. They range in colors from soft pastels up through the more practical darker tones.
Particularly well-liked are those brushed wool sweaters in sleeveless slip-over,-sleeveless button-up styles and long-sleeved slip-over models. As a parting bit of advice to all you girls—choose what he likes and his Christmas will be perfect for him. Know your man and don’t be sidetracked when you get to the store to do your buying, b.j.l. Transparent Slippers . . . made of Vinglite, a plastic glass are being offered for the first time this Christmas.
Budget Boxes . . . are a new means of scraping together money to meet necessities. This box, divided .into various compartments for special items, becomes a joy to use and an ec<momical adventure as well. / Accessory Bags . . . for men are being featured again this year. They become quite practical for carrying shaving and medicinal belongings.
YOU NEVER SAW SUCH GIFTS
for the merriest
every values, too VVHAY VAK' ^3^dE
VOU
^ 'U&uf MeWuf QUfUiimai, /I MeVuf QUfUitmaA
Pardon the excitement, and the rush of words You must excuse the jones^ for both talking at once, making the children's fingers itch to get at the strings of those boxes . . . and their eyes glow with anticipation. You see, the Jones just did their last day's Christmas shopping here. They were thrilled to find our stocks still complete. All our merchandise fresh Our salespeople full of Christmas spirit, and just as friendly as your next door neighbors. The Jones can't help being excited—because they know that every gift they've bought is packed with thrills, from our own gay wrapping paper to what's inside each and every bundle. Excited^ Of course! That's part of th spirit of Christmas. Come on In, and get your Christmas shopping completed in the store where Santa Claus is on every floor!
/I Men/uf
Bring the Family. Have dinner in our restaurant. Shop leisurely through our spacious aisles. It's always exciting, to shop at LOEB'S!fiuhdm £xpomni
Wddiiesday, December 4, 1940/
t
fijaga 13- SpttJdtA
*Iime Marches On ’. . .
'Piggy'
1940 Football Season Features
Coach Piggy Lambert Grooms Proteges For Thirteenth Big Ten Championship
By John Adamson Next Friday when the Boilermaker basketball forces wander out onto the hardwood to begin another net season, a small familiar figure will be at his usual place on the Riveter bench. For twenty-three years now, Wal’d “Piggy” Lambert has been guiding the destinies of the Gold and Black netmen, guiding the destinies of teams that have'put their marks on the pages of basketball supremacy.
They Grew Up Together
Basketball grew up in Indiana and Piggy grew up with it. He has matured, suffered, and become famous along with, tbe game itself, until now there is but one word that exemplifies the sport that Hoosiers call their own. One word that fits a little man whose face is lined with
a thousand torturous moments spent on the Boilermaker bench, the man who is affectionately known up and down the winding reaches of the Wabash as “Piggy.” Lambert grew up in Crawfordsville where basketball was first introduced, and he has helped it grow
Ws/Uug, ^hjd&jtmaA. and SsaAon^ 'SJuisdmgA. from North Star Coal Co.
Phone 2405
308 Brown
from a crude melee played with bottomless peach baskets to America’s greatest indoor sport. He has wrapped his entire life in what he terms the grandest of all games, and although the years are beginning to take their toll on “the little man of the hardwood,” there is still plenty of basketball left in the Boilermaker’s perennial net coach. Stars Twenty-fourth Season Friday night Piggy will be beginning his twenty-fourth season as head coach of one of the nation’s greatest basketball schools. During his sojourn of over a pair of decades here at Purdue, his teams have won or shared in 12 Big Ten titles, and only once have the Boilermakers failed to win the conference laurels at least every other year. Way back in 1912, when Lambert left Indiana to study chemistry at the University of Minnesota, he had made up his mind that baseball was going to be his first love. Piggy, who had done a lot of cavorting around the infield during his college days, was recommended to Connie Mack who at the time was rebuilding one of his many million-dollar teams.
Deluge Of Unpredicted Upsets
By Jim Fraser
There’s an old Arabian proverb that states that the sticees£i of a football season depends on the number of upsets that are sprinkled through the chain of autumn Saturday afternoons. Upsets are the spice of the nation’s football dish; upsets that leave the public gasping, the experts floundering, and the bookies weeping. The 1940 grid season has been a pretty spicy mouthful for the fans to swallow for the year has been marked by a deluge of big upsets.
Irish Toddle
When the Irish of Notre Dame started off with their eye-opening rush, the experts took their feet off of their desks and began to pen phrases of praise containing the expressions : “probable national champs,” “unbeatable,” “best since 1926.” The victory bubble finally burst on November 16, when Iowa made it two in a row by spilling Layden’s boys, 7 to 0.
paper. With practically all of its Sugar Bowl team back, Tulane was hailed as a sure Bowl threat but was upset on successive Saturdays by Auburn and Fordham.
Fighting Gaefe Stop Rams
Lambert
The Green Wave of Tulane is another powerhouse that found itself shorted in games that looked like contests of average diflSculty on
Mack advised Ward to wait a year or so, but time was too slow moving for the ambitious young man and the next summer found him plgying in the Dakota bush leagues. Dur-
ing the war, while Lambert was at camp, he met Joe McCarthy, then a rookie secopd baseman with the Louisville Colonels. When Joe was made manager of the-southern club, he asked Ward to join him on the strength of his showing on the camp team. But this time he knew what he wanted and much to the chagrin of rival conference mentors returned to the coaching of basketball. This year. Piggy’s eyes are again
shining with the light that bespeaks of another Big Ten title. Another title to add to his rapidly growing pile of trophies—a thing that Ward seldom speaks of and yet surpasses that of any other coach in the business. But Piggy’s eyes are not just looking into what lies ahead this year, but gazing into the future, mentally building up more great teams and more great players. He has been doing it for a long time now, and he is going to be doing it for a long time to come.
In the East, St. Mar3ir’s 9 to 6 uprising against the Rams of Fordham and mediocre Harvard’s 10 to 10 tie with powerful Penn spread confusion among the seaboard circles. Rumors of a premature feeler letter to Cornell concerning the Rose Bowl were hastily hushed when Referee W. H. Friesell turned the Big Red’s win over Dartmouth into a 3 to 0 loss. The next week the unnerved Ithicans dropped a 22 to 20 thriller to Penn.
The balmy breezes of the South felt cold and harsh to the Duke fol-
lowers on a certain st^y afternoon in November. The Blw Devils were stepping right sdopg with only the Tennessee defeat marring their record and a record of 14^ points in five games to their ere^ Along came North Carolhm fvhen the smoke of battle had oft, the scoreboard tolcj ti>« tale of the 6 to 3 upset.
A Gift from DEAC’S with a PURDUE Crest
Adds Much to the Festivities of the Occasion
HERE ARE A FEW OF THE THOUSANDS OF ITEMS FROM WHICH TO CHOOSE YOUR GIFTS
PURDUE JEWELRY— Compacts, rings, bracelets, necklaces, etc. RUSSELL WRIGHT ALUMINUM WARE— Finest spun aluminum trays, etc. — ideal gifts for parents. LA CROSS MANICURE SETS— Best Manicure Sets made — 75c-$10. MISS GADABOUT’S— The newest sensation in memo books. PURDUE SOUVENIRS— ^ '
Pennants, dogs, etc.
ELECTRICAL GIFTS— Radios, electric shavers, lamps, etc. SMOKERS’ PARAPISE— All bt^ands of tobacco and smoking suppliesBRIDGE CARDS AND ACCESSORIESWHITMAN’S CANDIES— PICTURE FRAMES—
CANDLES—
Hand-dipped, non-drip.
■thousands of pipes.
LARGE SELECTION OF CARDS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES
WE WRAP GIFTS FREE OF CHARGE
We win run a Grey|)oi|]^ tn jg^lmaa VfieMiwi, frip.
DF AP RFTCINFR JLbI Jbdih Jm m ipip!l Jm mnr 4li^ AaJi JL m',7' ■ ' ‘ ^ ,’^" ■' '7 ;'f^‘' '7,' ,'.-7'.,/.^'.,.,' '.i','^-'7
I J'*'^ 'i \ *■ ‘ M"iAh:'y^\ < • ‘§^1- ■■ t ^’.v
Wednesday, December 4, 1940
(pUAeUa ^cfmnsi^
’Mf
#,7
GIFT SUGGESTIONS AT GEISLER'S
y' When you want to select your gift for Dad, Brother, or Boy Friend shop at GEISLER'S first. We have complete stocks in everything for Men—ail in the latest etyles, fabrics and colors. The gifts listed here are only a few of the many we have to offer.
/f/
E E
Beau Brummell 7^
The robe and pajamas are our perfect answer to your gift problems. If you're undecided between a robe and pair of Pajamas . . . give both.
Give him a pair of Jayson or B. V. D. Pajamas. Choose from our very large stock (including extra longs). Madris and Broadcloth in checks, stripes and plain colors; Sateens in paisley or stripes; Radium and Pure dye pure silk in plain colors or paisley. All in colors as maroon, green, blue, maize, tan, etc.
Rugged cowhide belt and Hickok buckle (initialed or plain) packaged in a useful box for cigarettes or jewelry. Priced at $1.00 to $5.00.
Hickok jewelry sets of patented Alligator Grip tie chain and collar bar . . . and airline cuff links in his favorite colored stones. Priced $3.50 up.
FROM
to $3.50
MADE BY HAND IN AMERICA
Give him ties he would choose himself—Beau Brummell Ties. 4-Fold Sportown Wool Ties, Burton's Poplin, or fine Importea and Domestic silks in an array of colors and designs that are sure to please the most critical taste. He will applaud your selection of Beau Brummell Ties.
Fingertip coats are the rage for the young man) Give him a gift he would buy for himself. They are carried in„stock in the four leading colors of the season — tan, brown, teal and green—made of corduroy, wool or leather. Priced $7.95 to $21.50.
AS ADVERTISED IN ESOUIRE, SATURDAY EVENING POST, AND COLLIER'S
Hickok Kornife—the gift that's new, different. Silver dollar size . . . blade and file of finest steel, $2.50 up. Key chain or Waldeman watch chain $1.00 up. Set as illustrate<fl ... in handsome jewel case, $5.00.
You get more for your money in this handsome glove, made from imported pigtexed leather — soft, long wearing, unmarred by blemishes. Only $2.50 per pair. Others $1.95 to $6.00.
for Stout
For "dress up" occasions he'll like a fine White-on-White broadcloth shirt with the popular new wrinklefree collar, double cuffs with colorful simulated jewel links. Sanforized’Shrunk (fabric shrinkage less than 1 %) for perfect lasting fit. Also plain white and beautifully patterned shirts. Priced $1.65 to $2.50.
SOON AIM ST
Ask abouf our free monograming on shirfs, pajamas and scarfs
A small deposit will hold any gift. Ask about our budget plan for terms
CLOTHES SMOP INC.
•itT—
* \' I ^ 'f h
fijuJukuL £xpomnt
I !
Wttdnesdoyt Decettib«r 4* 1940
IS ^SpeMi
I
Greeks Battle For Aquatic Title Today In Annual IM Splash Meet Providing a golden opportunity for Greek swimmers ^o show their aquatic skills, the annual inter-fraternity swimming meet is to get under way this afternoon shortly after four. The Fieldhouse pool is the place where all the teams participating should gather before 4:10 p. m. Eieing an annual affair, the inter-fraternity swimming meet is one of the most looked-for-ward-to events on the intramural department's calendar. Last year Pi K A came through , , i
with flying colors and captured the cup offered to the house finishing the tourney with most tallies. The lads from the Pi Kl A house were able to gamer 23% points all in all, which was more than enough to put them out in the ledd over the Kappa Sigs who took second place with 17
counters.
In third place were the Lambda Chi Alphas with 13 points. No single contestant out-shined the others in last year’s contest, this probably being partially true because no man is allowed to compete in more than three events. Events in which Pi K A took firsts place last year were; the 100 yard free style, which Sneed swam in 57.6; diving won by Luce with 57.2 tallies; and the 60 yard free style swim also won by Sneed, his time being
26.1.
Tomorrow’s meet will consist of eight events. The first is to be the three man relay which is scheduled to start at 4:10. Other events are in the following order: the 100 yard backstroke, the 100 yard Breast Stroke, the 100 yard Free Style, the 60 yard free style, the 220 yard Relay, the 220 yard Free Style, and last of all, fancy diving, d.w.m.
Interfraternity Bowling
MATCHES TONIGHT
Bracket A—6:30 p m ^ Phi Kappa Alpha vs Tau Kappa Epsilon Alpha Gamma Rho vs Phi Delta Theta
Triangle vs Delta Tau Delta
Theta Chi vs Sigma Nu
Phi Kappa Sigma vs Phi Kappa Tau
Bracket B—8.46 p m.
Alpha Tau Omega vs Alpha Sigma Phi
Phi Gamma Delta vs Theta Xi
Acacia vs Delta Upsilon
Beta Theta Pi vs Phi Sigma Kappa Phi Kappa Psi vs Beta Sigma Psi
Bracket A >
Won
Lost
Delta Tau Delta
IS
2
Phi Delta Theta
13
2
Phi Kappa Sigma
11
4
Alpha Gamma Rho
10
5
Bhi Kappa Taji
6
9
Tau Kappa Epsilon
6
9
Theta Chi
6
9
Triangle
4
11
Pi Kappa Alpha
3
12
Sigma Nu
3
12
Bracket B
Won
Lost
Beta Sigma Psi
14
1
Delta Upsilon
11
4
Alpha Till Omega
10
6
Phi Kappa Psi
- fi)
6
Acacia
7
8
Beta Theta Pi
7
8
Phi Sigma Kappa
5
10
Theta Xi
6
10
Phi Gamma Delta
4
11
Alpha Sigma Phi
2
13
HIGH TEAM SERIES
Beta Sigma Psi Delta Tau I Delta
HIGH INPIVIDUAL SERIES Zuck, Phi Kappa Sigma Jones, Beta Theta Pi HIGH INDIVIDUAL GAME Barnes, Delta Upsilon Sample, Alpha Gamma Rho
2665 2609
679 671
265 242
Look at our stock of Christmas Gifts while you're having your hair done. You are sure to find just the thing for one of your friends or relatives. You should have a manicure and facial before you go home for the holidays, too,. Call early for an appointment
Fran s Beauty Salon
205 Schultz Bldg.
Phone 4420
_ 1 SWEET CREAM
1 DONUTS 1
HAVE YOU TRIED pUR
10 VARIETIES?
Always Fresh
Special Party Prices
623 Main St.
Phone 46743
Xmas Specials At Our Tobacco Bar 16 oz. Briggs Kac .$1.49 16 oz. Raleigh 69 16 oz. Walnut 2.25 14 oz. Friends 72 16 oz. Model 75 _ 16 oz. Bond Street. 1.25 16 oz. Old Briar 1.15 All Popular Brands 2 for 25c Phillip Morris, 14c 2 for 27c See the New MEERSCHAUM INLAID PIPES Only $3.50
A Complete Selection of Tobacco Pouches and Cigarette Cases.— 1.00 up
HinE GoDKiS'fiintrflnc
SO8-I0 mic ffiKsr yiccr LAjrAMBsrtE ikiEk
WAA News By Catherine Leuty The camp craft course given this fall is one of the many activities given to the WAA members. The course was givjen to instruct the girls in camp craft and also to train leaders to take the girls out to the WAA cabin. Two B leaders or one A leader may accompany a group other than a WAA group to the cabin. Results of the cabin leaders test for this year were; A Leaders: Mary Pidgeon, Jane Blank and Mattha Ann Click. B Leaders: Ruth Walkter, Carolyn Button, Shirley Emhoff, Monica Buergleh and Clara Day. —WAA— Here are the winners of the archery tournament; First, Monica Buergler; second, Shirley Johnson; third, Clara Day. —WAA— WAA Fencing: Practices will be held Friday, December 6, and Tuesday, December 10. The tournament will begin Friday, the thirteenth. Those who are eligible and who are urged to come are: Jean Bruckman, Jaquelynne Carr, Shirley Emhoff, Casey Haskinson, Ann Murphy, Pat McFarland, Dolores Menefee, Naomi McEline, Betty Gadsey, Maxine Haas, Jane Roberts, Jean Thuerk, Edith Wildermuth. —WAA— The tournament will be a roundrobin affair with each fencer meeting every other fencer. WAA points will be given for each match and practice, and the winner will receive extra points. The matches will be judged by Miss Case. Pat McFarland is the head of fencing. —WAA— , Volleyball tournament starts this afternoon. Any sorority, residence hall or ward volleyball team that has to default Will be fined fifty cents, since each intraward board member received a notice of this ruling two weeks ago.
There will be a meeting of the Rifle Club at 7:30 tonight in Room 104 of the Fieldhouse. Everyone in-t terested in rifle practice is invited to attend.
By Joseph Patrick Dolan' Goodness gracious if that sports editor over at Ohio State gets any hotter, the school ofiicials will have to send him to Byrd’s sanitorium in Little America. He reached a new Tiigh yesterday in writing about his coaching staff. It reads as follows: _M_ (Reprinted from the Ohio State Lantern): “To eliminate any beating around the bush, let’s say right now that the football picture at Ohio Stnte will become brighter when, and only ‘when, the incumbent line coach is released and replaced by somedne who has more coaching ability and who will command the respect of the boys he is instrubting. This issue must be settled one way or another by the athletic department, and soon.” . _I.I_ There’s one fellow who believes in freedom of the press. I personally believe he's going a little too far in his insinuations, but an insidious instructor can be hated enough by the ball players so as to become the saboteur of the other coaches’ ef^ forts. My, what “live,” jump-the-gun writers some institutions possess! —I-I— To get away from fuss and chaos. I hear that Arndt Jorgens, New York Yankee’s understudy to Bill Dickey is retiring... in other words, the little man who wasn’t there becomes invisible. —I.I_ I hear rumors and the local seismograph station reports tremors that Dr. Miller and his “take-on-all-comers” bowling team is about
Se^Us for Gifts That People REALLY NEED and WILL USE. Christmas Decoration for Trees and Windows V Prices Always - Reasonable. Courteous Service
EDGERTON HARDWARE CO. 321 State Street in the Village Phone 4354
Net Squad Prepares For St Joseph Attack Friday Drilling^ with a zest in anticipation of their opening gam^ of the season on Friday night, the Boilermaker basketeers last evening ^arpened their wits in a lengthy scrimmage, preparatory to entertaining St. Joseph College. The entire squad was pressed into service in one way or another and received close scrutiny and serious advice from head coach Lambert and his
assistant Mel Taube.
. Stress Defense During the workout, defense was stressed to a great degree. Piggy believes that his boys, virtually the same group who captured the conference title last year, are capable of staying with pny rival when it comes to offensive thrusts at the basket. However, he fears that their scoring prowess may not be enough to conquer some of the better teams when the campaign becomes tough-
er later on.
All phases of the defensive game were covered, equal periods of time being given to the zone defense and the man to man t3rpe. Taube handled two quintets which were primarily composed of sophomores, while Lambert took care of what may be the first ten men. Bob Igney, captain of this current edition of hardwood stars, displayed his ability at long shots for the duration of the practice session. Pumas Have Veterans 'The St. Joseph Pumas will invade the Fieldhouse with a veteran squad this week-end and promise more opposition than has been expected. Coach Joe Dinehart’s boys are recognized as one of the better small college outfits of the state, and boast a nucleus of nine returning lettermen. These men, coupled with the few who were lost via the diploma route last June were invited to the National Intercollegiate Tournament last year in Kansas City. The idsitors will tie led by Neal “Moose” Moser at center. The flashy pivotman established a new record for the state last season when he racked up 300 points. In addition to Moser, three former Jasper High performers will be counted upon to carry the attack. The first of the trio is a long shot artist, Maurice Gutgsell, fast junior forward. Bernard Hoffman, sophomore, is outstanding on pivot plays. The third member. Urban Pfeffer, is a splendid defensive man and handles the rebounds from a guard position,
o.t.c.
IM Schedules BASKETBALL Wednesday, December 4 Court 11 H. Young f 7:00 Ward 40 vs Ward 37 7 ’16 Cary BWl I vs Cary Hall 9 8:00 Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 10 S 16 Ward 38 vs Ward 39 , Court 2: C. H. Rechenbach 7 ;00 Ward 8 vs Ward 10 7:15 Cary HalLS vs Gary HaU 11 8:00 Cary Hall 12 vs Cary Bbll 4 8-16 Ward 6 vs Ward 3 Court 3: H. Goldstein 7:00 Ward 4 vs Ward 6 7:1& Cary HaU 5 vs Cary HaU 8 8:00 Cary HaU 6 vs Cary SbU 14 8:15 /.Cary HaU 13 vs Cmiy Hall 7 Court 4: R. F. Swank 7:00 Ward 25 vs Ward 27 7:16 Ward 26 vs Ward 28 8:00 Ward 32 vs Ward 29 8:16 Ward 36 vs Ward 34 * SQUASH Wednesday, December 4 Court 1 7:00 Sigma Nu vs lambda Chi Alpha . 8:00 Delta Upsilon vs Triangle 9:p0 Theta Xi vs Phi Sigma Kappa Court 2 7:00 iBeta Theta Fi vs Pi Kspjfn Alpha 8:00 Ahiha Tau Omega vs Acacia 9:00 Phi Kappa vs Phi Kiwua TBi Court 3 7:00 Sigma Alpha EpsUon vs Delta Tan Delta 8:00 Beta. Sigma Psi *78 Sigema Alpha Mn 9:00 Pi Kappa Phi vs Phi Kappa Sigma
ready to swing into action. His team’s first fracas of the season was to be with the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority tbmorrow night, but Coach Miller, fearing slight conditioning on the part of his squad, has postponed the match, according
to the girls.
_I.I_
Dr. Miller told Kappa manager Helen McQueen that he disbanded his bowling squad for the duration of the football season so that his team’s showing wouldn’t ci;owd the grid team off the sport pages. He’s just trying to scare the girls, Helen; you knowJDoc’s a great exponent of psychology, both foreign and do-
mestic. -1-1—
Two fraternities on this campus, the Phi Kappa Sigma and Alpha Tau Omega, have for their insignia a Maltese cross, similar to the German “iron cross” of World War I fame. These two fraternities possess excellent touchball teams, and in a few days will meet on Upper Stewart Field at 7:30 p. m. under the lights to settle a superiority in athletics dispute, the winner to receive a Maltese cross to go on the block hereafter as a yearly tradi-
tion.
—I-I—
A Beta brother of Ted Axton, Purdue’s wonder-man of the grid because of his great sixty minute performance week after week without injury or fatigue, has succumbed to touch football. Ted received a swollen jaw from a touch game last Saturday. Thanks for “info,” Hal.
Just a Few Suggestions
Ties-
.48c
224 Main Street
Robes $2.98 and up
Gloves-. 98c and np • Scarfs 48c and up Li Shirts. 98c and up • Pajaniits 98c, $1.48 Belts ...48c • Key Chains 50e Or even a warm, stni^y pair of moleskin pants $3.98
RELIABLE CLOTHING CO.
. Street ^4 Mainwf
I . h
fijtufif 16
Wedkicwday, December 4, 1940
fijuJuiuiL £xfioiuutL
.-v.i
,p
U^aAhJmqJton TbiwA — Hart „o Capitol Hill By C, J. Hart '' At this particular time in our history, we are engaged in the greatest armament program known to mankind. The result is that all forces in our national life must contribute their all in order that the defense effort might be realized. The progress of mankind, from a being addicted to tossing rocks for amusement and killing animals with clubs for a living, to modei-n, economic man has been long, hard, and very, very gradual. Some few decades ago, the laborer was not considered as any special kind of God—he was not protected, even, from unscrupulous employers. He did not necessarily need too much protection. But then came the full industrial revolution and modernization of production methods. This sweeping development in man’s progress resulted in many abuses of the laborer’s personal rights. The immediate result was need for reform. During the years before the Roosevelt administration, reform came very gradually, genuine social labor legislation was slow, if even perceptible. And then that steam roller, the social-minded Roosevelt machine, took over the political highway. The result was a fast trip in the direction of social legislation, much of which was devoted to the maturation of labor. Signposts to be found now alnog the path traveled in such a hurry by the Roosevelt Cegigresses include one reading “right to strike,” another, “minimum wages and maximum hours,” and a third, “child labor abolished.”' Now to the point. Labor chooses this particular time to balk. Labor strikes when airplanes must be turned out quickly. Labor sits down on the job when Britain calls violently for all of the munitions and supplies we can produce. Such an attitude (labor says, “These reforms are ours and are right— we don’t give in, defense or no defense.”) can only result in the politicos on this hill doing an about face. In order to meet the demands of a people demanding immediate, full-capacity industrial turnout, no one element in the national life (these Congressmen think) may be allowed to sit- idly by, crying for something they have no right to expect at this time. It would seem that the situation was more or less hopeless in certain locales—unless concessions are made on both sides for the duration of the emergency. Talk on the hill would have it that .the administration will deal with future disputes with a “tailor-made” policy. The idea being that, each case would be handled on the basis of its individual merits. This, of course, will still leave labor’s rights in the hands of a more or less central organization, and would not provide a definite guarantee might even lead backwards. At best, it will merely avoid a drastic, uniform change of central policy. We hope labor still goes ahead instead of taking an excursion.
Rumor Part Of French 'Purdue Model'
Government To Return To Paris Area Soon
(Continued from page 1)
By Paul Ghali SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Vichy, Dec. 3. — The return of at least p. part of the French government to the Paris area was^ estimated today in a communique, which for the first time alluded to arrangements for the “installation” of Marshal Henri Philippe Petain, French chief of state, at historic Versailles. Certain circles here, however, insisted that Vichy will remain the government’s seat ^nd that Versailles will become one of two official residences for tlje head of the state. ' It is likely, of course, that some of the “technical” services, like education, national production, finance and interior affairs, will be transferred to Paris while the “political” ones remain in Vichy, with the diplomatic corps and foreign press representatives. Seek Link With Occupied Zone French authorities have felt that the population of the occupied zone, ^ needs contact with its leaders, and the Vichy regime feels * that it should become the real and full French government as quickly as possible. Recent incidents in Paris prove that the people there require a better explanation of their government’s aims and none is better fitted to than Petain inculcate loyalty to France. A removal to the Paris area, however, has certain inconveniences. Closer relations between the French government and the German occupational authorities may give rise to new difficulties.
Classified Ads
FOB 8AUI Typewritcn and adding machines, new aird used, for tale, rent and repoireiL AU maket of portable typewriters, $20.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeogrwh and mtiltigrtpb work, C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Hbone 8779. For Sale: Used car in good running condition. Has beatar, well treaded tires, and new battery. Privately owned. $67. Pbone 76708. FoiTiannr For Btntt Bw-Bent-A-Oor Service. Cars fdr all oeeasl^, Min. $2.6$ aU afgbt. Pbone 24$7. ^ '
ing all three members in the first 15 in high individual placings; Mortland ranked fourth; Smith, sixth, and Searcy, 13th. Enroute to Chicago, the team engaged in practice judging at Winamac and Valparaiso. , Essay Contest Winners The University entrants in the essay contest sponsored by the Saddle and Sirloin Club of Chicago were given the second place team award. The entries that won, were written by Glenn Boyd and Paul Jackson. Prof. W. W. Smith has advised the boys on the topic “Economic Significance of Grasses in American Agriculture” since the 1939 Stock Show. Wisconsin won the teamd;rophy and Illinois the individual tro-
phy.
In the Livestock judging team, the University was placed ninth from a group of 31 entrants, e.w.n.
Halfback Warren Panushka, a 22- ' year-old senior at Macalester college who never played football in either high school or college, is in the Macalester starting lineup this year.
\
Notices
Football Ushers and Police: Please turn in badge and collect pay at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse at once. —LOMMEL. All Sophomores: Men who have not received literatm^ concerning the advanced military course should obtain it from Lt. Col. White, Lt. McMaken, or Lt. Johnson in the Instructors Room at the Armory. —TORMEY. Kappa Delta Pi Fall Initiates: Fill in permanent record cards in Prof. McFar‘land's office in Education building. —■SIMPSON.
PI A Men’s Chorus: Rehearsal schedule for next two weeks is as follows: Monday, December 2, 7:30 p. m. in room 307, Union. Wednesday, December 4, 7:30, room 307. Saturday, December-7, 2:00 p. m., in Union, Tower. Monday, December 9, 7:30 p. m., room 307, Union, Wednesday, December 11, 7:80 p. m. in room 307. Saturday, December 14, 2:00 p. m. in 307. It is extremely important that everybody attend. —SMULEVITZ.
GB 86: Examination for removal of C or I grades December 14. Make arrangements in room 109 Michael Golden Shops before Friday, December 18. -OWEN.
' Music Room Will Feature
Prex, Say, ■ ■ ■
To the Students of the University: selections by Strauss and ^ modern work by John Alden CarThe attention of University au- penter will be featured at 7:30 tothorit es has ^en called to, the „ight i„ the sixth of a series of prevalence of broken glass on the R^om record programs sponsteeets of West Lrfayette. This sored by the Student Union. Toglass IS said to come from throwing night’s request program will include bottle against poles, curbs, and on following: the pavement. The statement is pjg Fledermaus Overture....Strauss nmde that students have been the Skyscraper Symphony....‘Carpenter offenders m many instances. Nat- Artist’s Life Strauss urally such broken glass is ruinous Vienna Blood !...Strauss to automobile tires and is also dan- glue Danube Strauss gerous to pedestrians. ^ yienna Bon-Bons Strauss It is hoped that students will be Morning Journals Strauss considerate in this matter and re- Viennese Citizens Strauss frain from such, careless action. The Tales from the Vienna Woods student body as a whole should be Strauss as much concerned as the general public. Students drive cars and Wflllc OYi sin/l Christian Science Organization: Regular WaiK on SiaeWalKS ana across meeting Thursday, December 6. in streets: a bit of thoughtfulness will room 302 of Union. nave much expense and embarrass- - • —burroughs.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Thurs-
^ IT-... December 6 at 7:30 p. m.'in o-ffice. Edward C. Elliott —zwiEfeLEiN.
■■ ''' ' ' CE 61: A condition test for the remgval
of “C” grades in Highway Construction CE 61 will be given at 1 p. m. Saturday, De-
cember 14, in room 206 of Civil Building.
—PETTY.
U.S. Faces Job Legislative Body
(Continued from, page 1) ..J:-
Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting Tuesday, December 3, at 7:30 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. Be there and bring money for transportation if you intend to take Chicago trip. —HOLCOMB.
AIChE: Student chapter bulletins and membership cards may be obtained in Dr. Shreve’s office in the Chem and Met building. u 12-4 —- —KRAYBILL.
Buffalo Purdue Club: Meeting of all students from Buffalo and western New York Tuesday, December 3, at 7:30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. —BAUMAN.
Undergraduate Dames: Meeting Tuesday, December 3, at 7:30 p. m. in room 261 in Union. All members please be prompt. —GERSTUNG.
Union Women’s Bowling Tournament: Due to late entries, the tournament has been postponed until Tuesday, Deilember 10. Girls wishing WAA points must bowl three games before that date. —STUCKEY.
Student Senate Members: Meeting in Senate office on Tuesday, Dec. 3, at 7:30 p. m. —LAYSON.
Horticulture: Please get tickets for banquet from McCracker or myself immediately. The banquet will be held in the Home Economics building, Wednesday, December 4, at 6 p. m. —REINER. WSGA Independent: Co-ed House Presidents council will meet Tuesday, December 3, at 7 p. m. in the WSGA office. —DOHERTY.
ASCE: Meeting at 7:30 Wednesday, Decembei 4, in room 201 of the Civil Engineering Building. Professor Rutledge will speak and show movies concerning soil mechanics. McCAMMON.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Meeting in Union tonight, 7 :15. Ask at West desk for room numbei ' —McHAFFIE.
Union Sophomores: Important meeting of the camera club committee Tuesday, Dec. 3,i at 4 :16 p. m. The following sophomores are expected to report: Carley, Clark, Craig, Decker, Fisher, Graham, Jones, Kemper, King, Lupton, and Robinson. This committee was formerly Hepburn’s. —^TAFEL.
Triton Swimming Club: No meeting tonight. —BEMIS.
j Co-ed Riflery: Intramural competition December 16 and 17. Each team must have five girls with flive practices in order to compete. Make-up will be held each night until December 12. —BLAGRAVE. Ceres: Important meeting Tuesday, December 3, at 7 p. m. in room 282 of the Union. Full attendance is required. —DERADENSTOTT. Gold Peppers: Please turn passports ■ in to Ruth Bennett at the Union office Tuesday, December 3, so thaa basketball seats may be reserved, —CARROLL. All Students: Anyone desiring to buy individual copies of past final examinations may place tentative orders in the Student Senate office between 4 and 6 p. m. Wednesday till Friday, December 4 to 6. —DIBOS. Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, December 5, at 7 :16 in room 308 of the Union. All members please be present. -WEGENER.
Exponent Co-ed Sophomarea: Short meeting Tuesday, December 3, at 6 p. a. in the office. —SIMPSON.
Union Music Room Committee: Following meet Tuesday, December 8. at' 4:16 p. m. in the Union office: A. Arcady, C. Lewis, W. Mahurin, B. Schallhorn, E. Leucus, R. Dannemiller, P. Stenburg. —FELLOWS.
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Short pledge meeting at 7:80 Tuesday, Dec. 8, in the old Chestnut room of the Union. Bring boxes. No uniforms. —BLACKWELL.
Cadet Luncheon Committee: There will be an important meeting of the committee in the Armory, Tuesday, Dec. 8, at 4 p. m. —MEESE.
Independent Staff: Meeting in PIA office 7:15 p, m. Wednesday, December 6. Members of all staffs should attend. —SELKOWITZ.
Ushers and Police: The following will meet the undersigned at the southeast part of the Fieldhouse Wednesday, December 4th, at 4:00 p. m. if they wish to work at the basketball games. W. ]p. Sanders. All Debate Managers: Important meetingi at 4 p. m. Wednesday, December 4. All wishing Dean’s excuse for debate conference be present. —HULTGREN and PECHIN.
Chess Club: Meeting Wednesday, December 4, at 8 p. m. in game room of Union. , —CURTNER.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Meeting of all active members at 7:15 Wednesday, December 4, in Room 106 of Chemistry Building. Election of pledges. —CROG. Newman Clob: Communion at 9:80 Mass and breakfast afterwards, Sunday, December 8. Not December 1, as previously any nounced. Debris pictures will be taken at breakfast. All members please be present. —LUERS. Elementary Structures 28: Examination for the removal of C or I grades will be given December 14 from 1-4 p. m. in the Civil Building, room 801. Please contact me at once. —SONESON.
WAA Fencing: AU fencers out for practice Friday, December 6, and Tuesday, December 10. Tournament matches will begin Friday, December 13, at 4 p. m. in Women’s gym. —McFARLAND.
Activity Bureau Sophomores: ^Compulsory meeting at the office Wednesday, December 4, at 4 p. m. for all sophomores on the interviewing committee. Be there. —GEAHAME.
Sigma Delta Chi Actives and Pledges: Get your Brawl tickets Wednesday or Thursday, December 4-5, at Exponent oifice between 6 and 6 p. m. See Heiple or me. —MARQUIS,
All Military Students: Two motion picture reels on Posture will be shown Thursday, December 12, at 4''p. m. in room 129 EE bldg. All military students are invited to attend. —BAUM. \
Union Sophomore Workers: Riding club committee meet Wednesday, December 4 at 4:15 p. m. Those expected are: Bosson, Herald, Hoper, Fassnacht, Meyei' Miller, Nelson, Sheehy, Schickler, Schuber, Von Behren. —HEPBURN.
U. S. Needs Mexican Bases The United States needs Mexico. We need tin, found here in small but significant quantities;;, other strategic materials like wolfram and antimony for steel; charred coconut ' shell for gas masks. Especially, we need the use of Mexican harbors for our Navy, landing fields for airplanes, even (permission to move troops in certain areas — in case of necessityto defend the Panama Canal or other vulnerable points. In short, we need Mexican good will. Today, it is safe to say that the Mexican government would fall immediately if such privileges were granted to the Unitdd States. This, despite obviouslj^ and admittedly sincere assurances of Secretary of State Cordell Hull to the other American republics that the United States’ defense preparations are for the benefit of all. Political gossips unkindly disposed to Mexico’s newly inaugurated President, Manuel Avila Comacho, are circulating the story that he bought recognition by the Unit-
(Continued from page 1)
the law-making. Quickly following this will be the formal intercollegiate debate between Purdue a^d Mic)iigan on the question of the year. Banquet, Too Eai’ly evening sees everyone at a banquet presided over by Professor P. E. Lull, director of the conference. Harold Van Orman, former, lieutenant-governor of Indiana, will^ be the main speaker. Later the young folks will be treated to a special performance of “What A Life’* by Purdue Playshop. Donald Richberg’s address, again on the national question, highlights Saturday morning. It is followed by an open forum in which members of the audience will be privileged to participate. President Elliott will speak at a noon luncheon, and a dramatized debate will end the session in the afternoon. r.r.r. « ed States with promises of harbor and land bases. This is, of course, nonsense. But Nazi and Fascist ru-mor-manufacturers fish best in troubled waters. '
*)
For Father, Brother, Boy Friend
Give Him Attractive, Practical Things to Wear . . .
‘‘A Present With a Future
Gloves
Shirts
Ties
Robes
Pajamas
Socks
‘‘Anything in clothes for the man at the lowest prices tha^ quality permits”
^ INC. WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
1 block from the Union
7
PI