r-’
GOSSIP COLUMN StWts New Season With Satire, Slander
Established ll889-
9 ' > Hit Hirohito
Says fordham Lind , ^ j. ' Is Weak This Year
Volume 55, No, 6 A-!*' , -r
Purdue Universify, West Lafayette, Indiana
W«dne«l;^>Se^eR^9,1942
I A ^ ■
PiA Announces Beginning Of Membership Campaign
Organization Offers - , ,, , _ ,, ■ • VateAdWiKes To Undergraduates Second Callout Today
Second Semester Sophomores Made Eligible For Junior jobs In December Student Union will hold its second callout this afternoon at 4:15 in the Union offices on the second floor of the Union Build-
Purdue Independent Associatiop has announced that its annua,! membership drive will begin today and last for two
weeks. Accoi'ding' to Dick . , Sleener nrp^irlPTit nf PTA ifThose eligible for positions are second semester freshmen
’ and all sophomores, eds and coeds alike. Second semester sophomores starting now will be eligible for junior jobs in the De-
cember elections.
The Student Union as an activity is made up of seven corn-
will be possible for independent students to obtain memberships for two semesters for $1.00. A special offer to seniors graduating in December is a 50c membership good un-
til that time.
The program set forth by the PIA this year is much the same as it has been previously. Outstanding events of the program thi's year will be four dances which, ac
mittees, each being a vital cog in the workings of the group. These are the Publicity committee, whose duty it is to see that every Union program is put before the eyes of the student and to advertise the value of the Union; the Music Room corn-
cording to Sleeper, will featuie “big mittee, in charge of Music Room naPie” bands. Dates have not yet Programs and receptions for convo been set for these dances, but theie guests^and celebiities; Club, Recre
will bo two in each semester. All students holding membeiship tickets will be admitted to these dances free, but others must pay $1.00 per dance. Other attractions of the program \^ill be eight tea dances, and numerous waid parties such as hay ri^es, skating meets, and radio dances. ^S'hese events also will be
free to PIA members.
Debris Scours Campus For Pictures Of Alumni
In Armed Forces Dejiris is putting a new layout
in the next publication and is ask-
ation, Browsing Room, Personnel students’ help. They are
and Defense committees. Browsing Room Committee
The Browsing Room committee; besides running the library in the Union, takes care of the Men’s Bum Room and the Puttering Shop. The Club’s committee is in charge of all campus organizations that meet in the Union Building and takes care of the Camera Club’s dark rooms in
PIA Sponsors Dancing Classes
Again this year the organization the, basement of the Union,
will sponsor classes in ballroom dancing. The instructor will be Pearl Allen, who has been well known in this country for his dancing instruction. The first class
calling for pictures of all soldiers, sailors, and marines who are now in the armed forces of the nations. Sorrj'’, but that doesn’t include
WAAC’s and WAVE’S.
Other than that one restriction they can take all the pictures that you can give them. So if your best boy friend or your brother is in uniform, and formerly wgs a student of the University, and you have a picture of him up your sleeve, take it out. Having found the picture take
it over to the Debris office.
If you don’t have a picture but happen to know of a fellow in uni-
Civil Service Reidses Student Examinate For Technicaf WolR War with its emphasis on production has over night changed the theoretical problems of men engaged in technical and scientific work into problems of practical importance—problems demanding immediate answers. To aid them in meeting thesp demands, professional men are calling for hundreds of Technical Assistants as well as Junior Physicists. In view of the scarcity of qualified persons to fill such positions, the Civil Service Commission has issued in revised form, its continuously open examinations for 'Technical Assistants and Junior Physi-
cists.
Junior Physicists Requirements For Junior Physicists ($2,000)
EiMie To Start Union's Fail Baiid Parade ' Shep Fields and his orches-
tra will provide the music for the first name band dance which will be held Friday evening from 8:30 to ”11:30 in both ballrooms of the Union. Season tickets for the series of three name band dances, costing four doIlars,.are still avail-
By Sally Beall able and will he on sale, until
With an impressive assortment of dignitaries on the stage the night of the first «ffe'ce. Inland an audience of 12, -including the governoi^’s state cop tickets P«ced at $1.65, m-
driver, who looked exceedingly bored by the proceedings, the Indiana State Fair of the Air officially opened its gates Monday in Eliza Fowler Hall at 12 noon over radio stations WBAA,
WLS and WIRE.
The Prairie Farmer dinner bell was present in person to give the broa'dcast the proper fair flavor, but the roar of the crowds rJ was electrically transcribed
Governor Schricker Snips Riblion To Open Indiana State Fair Of Air
Audience Of 12 Watches Dignitaries Open Gates On Stage Of Fowler Hall
Navy Adds Five Officers To Training
School Here
door. Student Union officials, sponsors of the dance, urge students to buy the season tickets and take advantSige of the saving involved. Fields, who is a native of Brooklyn, began his musical career when, his father gave him a new saxophone to commemorate his 14th
f 1 om last year S fair, and mas- Jjjj^thday. He entered the law school, ter of ceremonies Art Page of St. John’s University, but the sounded a little hypocritical as death of his father made it neceshe told the radio audience Sary for Shep to beconlehthe family about the vast crowd waiting breadwinner and he abandoned hia.
for the gates to be opened by Gov-
ernor Henry Schricker.
Fair Ground Turned Over To Accoiding to an announcement by While J. C. Allen, who each yqar Lieut. Commander Herbert M. Hart, photographs the prize-winning liveUSNR, commandant of the Naval stock, cakes and visiting big shots Training School at the Univeisity, at the Fair, took pictures, Governor
five additional officers have recently
the requirements are: completion of been added to the staff of instruc-
a 4-year College course including 18 tors.
semester hours in physics. Applies- ^ Ensigns Frank A. Kalina of Whittions will be accepted from senior Frank X. Gacnger of
students who expect To complete. Pittsburgh, Pa., and Jack W. Hud- to the A^myd
Schricker stated the purpose of the broadcasts—to bring the radio values of the Fair to people who this year would find the State Fair Grounds at Indianapolis turned over
The newest of these to spring up before the eyes of the student body is the Defense committee. Its workers are the industrious people who are seen selling War Stamps out-
taught will be in elementary danc- ^ide the Sweet Shop and at various beie or passing through the ing, and an advanced class will be places on the campus. This group ^campus, shoo them up to the Detaught later to students finishing chaige of the running of all bi'is office and they will proceed to the elementary course and other Way Piograms and works in co- their pictuies.
students on the campus who are in- operation with the Student War
terested. There will be a charge for Council.
these classes, but it will be lower Mixers are assigned alternately for PIA membeis than for other to different committees and groups students. during tfie year. This group is split
Another offer made by the PIA up into several sections which are appreciation of the boys who are to its members is a fire insurance assigned such jobs as painting a fighting for us, let’s do our part, policy covering all pel sonal damage suitable backdrop, taking care of *he name of done by fire up to the amount of adveitising and posters for the person, what school he was in $200, This policy costs 76c and may dance, wilting to the deans and ar- “i which branch of the service
be puichased at the same time as i-anging* for chaperons, membeiships. Book Exchange Is Union Work
Membeiships will be sold by spe-
cml student representatives during ^nion is showing an excellent ex-
the next two weeks. B has been Book Exchange is breaking all records in its campaign to dispose of
books for the students.
the required courses within 6 months after filing'applications. The Technical Assistant ($1440$1800) examination contains 3 optional branches: Engineering, Metallurgy, and Physics. For the $1,800 grade, three years of college study
studies to devote all his time to
music.
‘Rippling Rhythm’
Gradually his eight piece baftd began to moke a name for itself in the grilL rooms and night clubs of New York City, but it was not until it began an engagment at the Iras Supper Club in Miami that Shep^ invented and brought forth his
“Rippling Rhythm.”
After appeai-ing at theatres and" night clubs all over .the gauntry. Fields and his orchestra made their radio debut on “The Radip Court
made possible for any student interested to sell memberships. Each student selling a book of 25 memberships will receive one free. The organization is also offering piizes of $5, $3 and $2 to peisons selling the most memberships. It will also be possible to purchase memberships in the PIA office from 4 to 5 p. m. any day during the drive. According to Sleeper, the present drive promises to be a great success judging from the results obtained by the drive at registiation. This year’s goal is 2,000 membei-s.
Having done one of the two things you can then feel that you have done your part. They have loom for all that is sent in and since it’s one way of showing our
he now serves.
University Holstein Sets State Record
son of Marfa, Texas, all o^ whpm The governor declared that the
received their basic training at Cor- people of the state will be willing of lHoiiop’''prQ^am in lOSelAt the nell, will teach the special course in to make any sacrifices needed to termination of this program" he foldiesel engineering. win the war, and the cancellatiQP Whiteman omthe WoodTrained at Cornell ninetieth State Fair was only a prpgram known . , . - . E„sfenKa.i„..ME.42..asa„a- -
is required; for the $1,600 grade, chinery supeiintendent at the Phila- following hi? ad- Trombones Or Trumpets two years; and for the $1,440 grade, delphia Navy Yard previous to his ^j,egg^ the Governor neatly snipped Thenxfollowed a series of ebgageone year. To qualify under any one training at Cornell. Ensign Gaenger genuine gold ribbon, and the ments and broadcasts that firmly of the options in any grade, certain graduated from the University of James Cummins, pres- secured his position as one of the requirements as to hours of study Pittsbuigh, where he majoied in j^gj^t of the State Fair Board, and nation’s outstanding bands. Despite
in specified subjects must be met. petroleum engineering. Ensign Hud- Hockema, assistant to Provision is made for the accept- ^ petroleum engineei, President, also gave their bless-
ance of Technical Assistant appli- gi'aduated from the University of cations from persons who have not Texas. Prior to receiving his corncompleted the required 3, 2, or 1 ^e was employed m the year of college study but who expect Petroleum industry m his home
to complete the required courses state,
within 4 months after filing appli- Lawyer Joins Staff
cations. Appropriate War Training Ensign Harold E. Tourney report- against a recorded obligatto of hoof night, September 18. On SepCourses may be substituted for col- ed fiom the Naval Air Station at beats and neighs which nearly gave tember 25, the parade will end with lege houis lequired in any optional Pensacola, Fla., wheie he was con- his visible audience hysterics. To the appearance on the campus or branch. nected with the legal department, avenge this lack of respect, he com- Claude Thornhill. No Age Limits He is a gi’aduate of the South Texas mented rather pointedly upon the ' There are no age limits for these School of Law and a member of the large number of draft horses he examinations. No written tests are American and Texas Bar Associa- could see from where he stood.
ings to the war baby. Dave Thompson Speaks
The scene was then shifted to the horse barn where Dave Thompson* associate editor of Pr^^ir^e FariRqr, reminisced of horse men and horses
his continued success, Fields abandoned “rippling rhythm” in favor of his “new music” which featutes nine saxophones and a rhytJim section, but no trumpets or trombones. Sonny Dunham and his orchestra will play for the second in the name band dance series to he held on Fri-
Social
Chairmen Organizations desiring the Union ballrooms for dances during the fall term submit written requests to the Student Union Office before 4 p. m. today. State time, date and ballroom preference.
—DEUSTER
Debris To Hold Callout Friday tor Workers On All Staffs
By Bill Simpson
A “Victory Edition” needs work- o±’ the University, lasting campus ers; and the head staffs of the ’43 acquaintances, and practical exDebris are issuing a callout Friday, perience in writing. Write-ups will Sept. 11, at 4 p. m. in the Debris be the principal activity for fresh-
office, second floor, Union Building, for prospective staff members among the freshman and sopho-
more classes. , Major Activity
The Debris lepresents a major activity to the campus, and especially this year its role of importance has been greatly increased by
editing a “war book” to depict the
University’s all-out war effort. Any selling o freshman or sophomore who, veloping.
though without expeiience, is jour- The Debiis is not a “diudgeiy” nalistically inclined and desires an activity, since most assignments
activity may report promptly to the Debris office next Friday. The same opportunities are open to a
girl volunteer. \
For freslimen and sophomores f'spocially, Debrifi work i.s inter-
A registered Holstein-Friesian cow owned by the University Agricultural Experiment Station has just completed a record entitling her to second place in the state for junior 4-year-old Holsteins on three milkings daily. Yearly Division, The Holstein-Friesian Association of America announced today. Purdue Captain Henrietta, as this Holstein is officially known, produced while on Advanced Registry Test 19,211 pounds of milk, and 685.3 pounds of jiutterfat. Another of the Station’s registered Holsteins also completed a record entitling her to second .place 111 the Yearly Division for senior 4-year-okl Holsteins on three milkings daily. This cow, Purdue Captain Faula, produced 681.5 pounds of butterfat from 18,842 pounds of
milk.
University Grads Wed In Candle Light Service At 7:46 last night, Phyllis Thomas, HE ’42, daughter of Mt>. and Mrs. Walter Thomas of West Lafayette, was married to John Thompson', ME ’41, son of Rev. anj Mrs. Melvin Thompson of Rushville. Rev. Thompson, father of the gloom, assisted by Rev. Doyle Mullen of the local church, read the candle-light ceremony in 'ithe First Christian Church qf Lafay-
tiine. Freshmen and sophomoro.s, ette. Following the ceremony, a rehowever, are asked to report regu- ception was held in the church par-
larly to the Debris office. lors.
It should be noted that soph- The bridegroom is fpovvice En-. omores joining any of the staffs gineor for the Combustion Engii
required. Applications will be ac- tions.
cepted until the needs of the service Ensign E. G. Woodward was sta> have been met. Applications are not tioned at the College of the Holy
desired from persons engaged War work unless a change of position would result in the utilization of higher skills possessed by the
workers.
Announcements and application forms may be obtained at any first or seconij-class post office or from the Civil Service Commission, Washington, D. C.
Robert' M. Davis Marries In Texas ^
Word has been received of the
marriage of Robert McAfee Davis, dances tomorrow in both ballrooms
of the Union Building from 4 to
Monday was designated-} as See STATE FAIR, page'2
i
Forensic Board Calls For Soph Debate Mana^fs S. A. Pence, senior manager of -the Forensic Board, has announced that debate managership tryouts for sophomore men and women are to be held this Friday afternoon at 4 in room 386 of the Union. Besides the debate managership positions open, there are also senior publicity
, , tt • -n 4.1. manager positions and several junStudent Union will sponsor the . » j, . 4.1. j „ . „ . 4! • 4. 14. lor manager positions for both eds
first of its series of informal tea , , ^
Cross, Worcester, Mass. He is a graduate of Syracuse University, Syracuse, N. Y., and since his -enlistment he was with the Navy
Physical Fitness Program. Union To Sponsor Test Dance For All Students Tomorrow
if yqu haye npt Pebria senior picture taken and you gcadviaite W December or May, register at once in the sub-base- I v ment of the Union unlo^ you al- ^ ready have an appointment.^. Thursday is the last day that the photographer wiD be her. If yon have missed your appointment, make a new one.
WRH To Hold Ofd Girls' Pknic
men and sophomore members, although some sophomores will be assigned mole advanced work in yearbook editing and planning.
Many Opportunities
Not oijly are opportunities open to new members on the gditorial .staff, but also on the businos.s and photography staff's, where can be obtained practical experience in
pictuie taking and de-
son of Prof, and Mrs. J. J. Davis of Waldion street, and Marilyn Virginia Mansfield of Hollywood, Cali-foi-nia, daughter of Mrs. Letitia Mansfield. The wedding took place in St. Andiews Episcopal Church* Fort Worth, Texas, August 28. They weie attended by Cadet and Mis. Riley Cockran of Dallas, Tex.
and coeds.
Sophomores will have an opportunity to work for the junior man.*
ing skin beaters and brass honkers
in the country.
All freshmen and new students are urged to come to one of the University’s afterhoon pastimes. If
nr T' T yo'-' fol'tunate enough to get
The gloom’s mother, Mis. J. J. Da- ^j^hout a date, go ahead and
vis, also attended the wedding. The couple met in Hollywood four
years ago and before her marriage
Miss Mansfield was connected with gggigtance.
motion pictuies and is a piofessional model. Aviation Cadet Davis is at present stationed at Hicks Flying Field, Fort Woi'th, Texas.
Annual old girls’ picnic is being held this year on Thursday, Se^
• 1 U 4-- -UK ..U4.4..y w ,,,44 4. J,.,..,,- tember J6,aL5;3a on. the South HaiU 6:30 All musical vibrations will be WRH has extended an tovisupphed by lecoids o e top lank- receive j^eys and activity points tatipn to all girls who have lived in
for their work. Forensic Board work the halls at any time to come back
this semester will consist of Intra- for tiie pienic4
mural discussions, the Beveridge Old residents are to go to the Contest for Freshmen and the rooms in wfij^ they Hved and the High School Debate Conference. girls-wAo live there now will be the
hostesses. There will be supper <m
B 1^ the lawn and then the old girls will DOOK exenange congregate in the smokers, rooms To vIOSO Satura^y and corridors just as in the old
Student Book Exchange- will con* days,
tinue paying out until Saturday Tl^e old girls’ picnic was started
Dress is strictly informal. The when all unsold books and iponey with the purpose of introducing thb clothes you wore to class will suffice will automatically be forfeited. The freshman girls to the upperclassin most cases, exceptions being Exchange will also continue seflirtg men and baa been continued for
those coming fiom Shop 34 and PE books until the Saturday deadline, several years.
cut in, it’s perfectly permissible. Aftei all, the other guy will get tired of dancing sooner or later and
can be done on the student’s own
esting and instinctive; for in it are now will be eligible for junior elec- iieniing Compai^y which 1 has its found insights into the “workings” lions next December. bfiariniin.vt.fiv.« m n«w Vm-t niiw
headquiU'ters in New Yoi'k City.
Convocation Students will be admitted to the Gillilun lecture Sunday afternoon upon showing a receipt for University fees paid, instead of by passport. —GUNN
Hours today will be from 1 to 5, from 4 to 5 Thvusday, from 1 to ,6 Friday and from 1 to 5 Saturday. All students with books in the Exchange who would appreciate either the literary merit qf their unsold texts or the pecuniaiy value of cash are urged to call at the West Reception Room of the Union as
soon as possible.
-TO
staff sehedaM t» toiaight ia as follows; Night Rafert; ,chky. editor* Hass^^tte^tWh. Rfehandsmi. Veffh, Abbett, Winslow and SdluUx, - Y
1 —i
'{' I Ah "''»> ?
^ ^ l*^ W V ■Sr
Pa^ 2
Purdue Exponent
Wednesday, September 9, 1942
tttiiliti
PuVdue Exponent Offices i Editorilil and feuilntn, Purdue Memonaf Union, Phono 4005 Sports, Fieldhouae, Phone 2792 ^ Editorial Phone After 10 p m., 5377
Editor-jn Chief News Editor MnnairinB Editor Spor s Biditor BuMne«8 Mnnagrer C irculatinn Mn a|rer Coed Editor
John F Amos Don T Brophy John B Armstrona Robert L. Hadley WnUam D MlUard Ken K GJemre Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editorial Staff R W Boswrnkle D E Bute W G Hoskins A I H inter D W Ochiltree W E Rafert Sports Staff D E Brewer J S Dawson E L Karpiek. Coed Staff Sally Beall Charlotjte Hass Jean Lauer Business Etaff C ed Businesb Manager Julia Martin Adiertisins Managers J M Wright D E Johnson Circulation Manager G H Kloumah Accounts Manager Trena Torrenga Junior Coed Managers Ellen Clark Jane Eeim.
The Purdue Independent
Editor in Chief Mandt^ingr Editor Business Manatper Coed Editor Sports Editor Adicrtisins: ManD8:er Accounts Manager Circulation Manager
Dave Berta Ed Htiinplirey Eltrin Wclbaum Roberta Kessler Bill Killigrew Seoit Brown George Paine Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Hoskins Sports Editor Dawson Da\ Editor Lauer Issue Editor Vermilion Reporters McGill Holland Richardson Hardy
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 n 1 at th pecial rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October 3 1917 authorized January 20 1922 I ubli«5l cd n Tuesday Thursday Friday and Sunday mornings c iittg th year Delivered locally by carrier for $175 for a em ter or %Z 00 for two semesters by mail for $2 00 for a en Ur or $3 60 for two semesters aumm r semester mailed subscription $1 60 Reprc'tented for national advertising by National Advertis hu Service Inc College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc New York N Y
The Ratio
4.95 ... to 1 Hi-ya guyz and galz Well, it’s back to school f0r us again, and there are so many more stooogdhhts this semester ye ole SNOOPER DOOPER can find plenty to write about The old adage holds true (engineer talk) The quantity of dirt increases direct* ly proportional to the school enrollment Whoopee, DIRT, DIRT, DIRT I Maybe we can get some of the dark, dank stuff on YOU Who knowz?
University Calendar Wednesday, September 9
Notices
A
PLENTY OF CUT THROAT rushing has been tak mg place, and from the reports there is a story about some of the boys who were slinging a few fists and what not down at one of the local (taverns) last weekend We can all sing this little song for the fraternity men (Tune Barbasol, Barbasol) Rushing time, rushing time Fight and snatch, just drag in Whet your razor, then begin (Note Repeat as many times as necessary)
8‘00 A M 11 00 A M 4 00 PM 0 00 PM
8 00 AM 8 30 AM 9 00 AM 11 00 A M 3 00 PM 7 30 PM 8 00 PM
Book Exchange “State Fair of the Air” radio Student Personnel Group Y M C A Dinner
Reception Room, Union Eliza Fowler Hall W Faculty Lge , Union Rooms 332 334, Union
Thursday, September 10
Book Exchange Y M C A Meeting Fedeiated Clubs Meeting “State Fair of the Air” radio Scieen Review Purdue Playshop—Open Meeting Society of Professional Engineers
Reception Room, Union E Faculty Lge , Union Room 212, Union Eliza Fowlei Hall Hall of Music Eliza Fowler Hall Room 263, Union
Friday, September 11
8 00 A M Book Exchange 11 00 A M “State Fair of the Air” radio 4 00 PM AIME Picnic
Reception Room, Union Eliza Fowlei Hall
Pinz, Pinz, Pinz Starting on their rocky trail of pindom are (first) Harvie Merrill who planted his Sig Ep pin beside Bunny Edward’s Alpha Chi pm just before vacation. The week off was spent “honeymooning” in Wisconsin (Second) Another little couple becomes “stuff” on the campus when Pete Schwab and Lucy Chaminade have their Sigma Nu and Chi O pins chained together at Burr Pat’s—the absoultely best store in town—serving both community and students (Paid advertisement, I guess) ^ Bill Carson and Marg Brown, Sig Chi and Pi Phi, respectfully, (Editor’s note Beg pardon. Sigma Chi) decided to run along as pin mates, while reports come through that Alpha Chi Becky MornsOn took Dave Schaffner’s Phi Psi pin Let’s ask Becky what hap pened to Bob Smith’s Alpha Chi Rho pin?
Saturday, September 12
8 00 AM 7 30 PM 8 30 PM 8 30 PM
Book Exchange Scabbard & Blade Meeting SCA DanCe MixCr
Reception Room, Union E Faculty Lge , Union W Faculty Lge , Union Noith Ballroom, Union ^
Tomorrow's Screen Review
Slffnia Delta Psi Members liocal keys are available for members Get them at
once Pay Frank McGirr
—ARNOLD
Former Cary Club Members Any iellows interested m associate Cary Club member ship should inquire at the Cary Hall South office for further details Those eligible must be non fraternity nembers who have lived in the halls fo-r or more semesters
—JACKSON
Fraternity Rush Chairman A supplement to the list of incoming freshmen is avail able at the Fraternity Affairs Office Come up and get your copy •—SOHWAB POMM Keys are now available at jewelry store —HUNT Enlisted Reserve Corps All non mil itary students desiring Information or detiring to apply for the Enlisted Reserve Corps should apply to room B4 basement of the Armory Freshman and sophomore military students will be informed in their military classes where and when to apply
-GRAHAM
Junior Military Students Who were for merly included under par 20 (i e at their own expense) but who have since signed the contract will please call at the Military Department Supply Office and obtain re fund of deposits —LT BROWN Zouaves Practice for Coipa Day drills September 24 and 2B will he held Wednesday at 4 p m in the Armory All active mem hers should attend —JACKSON Head Counselors There will be a meeting of all head counselois on Friday Sept 11 at 4 30 p m m the AWS office Bring in reports from all counselors under you —VANGORKON Catalyst Club Members The meeting will be held Thursday Sept 10 at 7 30 p m Please meet at the front entrance of the Chemical and Metallurgical building
—SWAGEB
Bipssed Event.. . Flmei Burnham will give the Purdue Spirit, which has lam dormant over the summer session its rebirth Tuesday afternoon at four o’clock when he will meet with the student body in Ross-Ade tSadium 0\ ei a public address system the new coach V ill mtioduce the Boilermaker players and explain certain plays as the team works out m pieparation for the Fordham game The fans will he able to see the faces of the players instead of merely the numbers on their backs Foi the first time the coach will be explaining exactly what the men are trying to accomplish as part of them run, part hit the line, and part his the ground during the scrimmage game After being reborn Tuesday, the youthful Puidue Spirit may grow to the heights of the most exaggerated movie version of the school ■^piiit during a college football season The supei pep sessions, torch light parades, speeches by players and BM&WOC’s around gigantic bon fires plus several new plans for fuinishmg nourishment to Mr Spirit have bee;i planned by the Reamer, Gimlet, and Gold Peppei organizations The nourishment should develop the lad into a husky young Hci cules who will lend a helping hand to the team when they’re having a difficult time Peilirips the young lad, Purdue Spirit, will become a thin, neurotic homosapiens, more of a burden than a help Probably much will depend upon how well he gets bom Tuesday aitcinoon —r w b
“TING-A-LING A-LING “Who’s There’” Ring, Business Theta Betty Ann McCreery is seen with a “spark ler” from recently graduated Theta Chi Frencliy Leinweber (Former snooper of ye olde column) big surprise of the year' Congrats Also Franny Mellon, Pi Phi, is seen around with Phil Phillip’s dia mond Boy, the way these diamonds flash around here! Nice going, though
3:10—4:27—!
Out-
-5:44 -5:52
Personnel Notes 5fite Fair
COMMERCIALIZATION How much IS Sweet Shop Manager, Frank Fox, getting from the Sigma Nu publicity department’ ’ ’
SPEEDY BOY, DIBOS After one date with the gieat Dick Dibos (big shot who graduated last year), Pi Phi Cado Wood gave Jim Oliver’s Kappa Sig pm back After a second date, little ideas were running through her head, and after the third, Dick, who came back from the Army each time, was snagged' Leastwise he is minus and she is plus a Sig Chi pin Guess he had ideas, too, because he happened to have his pin with him at the time
What s going on m this Sig Ep Von Behren Chi O Arnold league After a ^ear of pin life they sud denly decide it is more fun—or something—to date without having pins hanging around Maybe they don t know each other well enough
FOR YOUR INFORMATION Don’t get the idea that Alpha Chi Dotty Sieb’s Phi Delt pin belongs to Ralph Nessler any more ’Cause she gave his back a few months ago and took one from a Dartmouth Phi Delt More embarrassing sit nations have occurred when peoples see Nessler with her
Companies scheduled to visit the campus Goodyear Tire and Rubber Com pany, Akron, Ohio Septembei 8, 9, 10 McDannell Aircraft Corporation, St Louis, Mo September 9, 10 General Motors Corporation, De troit, Mich September 9, 10, 11 Monsanto Chemical Company, St Louis, Missouii September 14 and 16 The Prest-0 Lite Co Inc, Indi anapolis—Coming Septembei 16 Interested m M E , Met E , Ch E and Imlustrial E Sign in Personnel Office by Monday, September 14 North American Aviation, Inc, Inglewood Calif —Coming Septem her 17 and 18 Interested in Dec M E, C E, E E, and Aeio E Sign in Personnel Office by Satui day, September 12, 1942 Ranger Aircraft Engines Faim ingdale, Long Island New Yoik September 23
By Bert Squier Today youi raving reporter brings you an inter view with Bogart Bimple, who has been selected as the typical freshman to enter school this fall We met Bogdit crying his eyes out m his room Imme didtclj we sympathized with him knowing how diffi cut it IS to break away fiom home for the first time But ...aid Bogart “I don’t miss my mother and dad 0 much It s those seven free games I had to leave oil tife pin ball machine when (he Lafayette bus cdin^ in r^pm this beginning we should have known enough to {'avc then, but we stayed Just to start the con \ciSdtiori off right we asked Bogart if he had been to 4J}y dances yet “Sure have ” he replied “I topk I ulja to the Freshman mixer two weeks ago Every 1 oty tinned to look as we walked into the North Ball I copi Lucky I thought of walking on my hands Cl couise Lulu isn t my best girl Just necks b ^once took second prize in a beauty contest, bi t t police caught her and made her give it back J lu b a blond 6 ft QVz m blue eyes and—but wait i nlU she comes back and you can meet her yourself down town now having her bubble gum vul canizcd ’ ill a desperate attempt to change *the subject we a kcilTSogait about his home town “I come from a J ithcj unique towij in the dust bowl,” he answered , Unique you know comes from two Latin words, II os meaning ‘one’ and ‘eqtras^meaning ‘horse’ Its pictty diy out where I come from It only 1 cl cd like lain once this summei and I wish it had laiiid thin too Not for myself so much, but for iiij little biother You see, I’ve seen it rain I fiist '•aw a laindi op whfen I was eight years old ThRt was a memo! able day I fainted and it took three shovelfuls of da t to levive me ” « Gcttjng back to campus subjects, we asked Bogart how he like University life He scratched his head bwlj and diawlcd, “Well, see this crick in my back ’ J h( \ told me that I’d have a featherbed to sleep in
POME FOR THE DAY Slippery ice —very thin Pretty girl —tumbled m Saw a boy —on the bank Gave a shriek —then she sank Boy on bank —heard her shout, Jumped right in —helped her out, Now he’s hers —very nice But—she had —to break the ice Oh, me
Carnegie-Ilhnois Stee) Corpora tion, Chicago 111—Intel ested in women who have hiajored in Chem istry or who have had at least 2 years of this subject Sign in Per sonnel Office by Saturday, Septem
bei 12
Harbison Walker Refractories Company, Vand^fia Missouri In teiested in E E and ME Sign in the Personnel Office by Tuesday
Septembei 16 ^
Hie^tand, Stuilken
Snake Venom
Study
Professor W A Hiestand and Mr Stullken both members of the biology staff have lecently made some inteiesting expeiiments con cerning the physiological effects of the venom of the rattlesnake These studies aie made bj ex tracting the venom by hand by “milking” the rattlers The ciystal line venoAi is then jnjected into the blood stieam of diffeient animals and in(erestingv^ results obtained Mice 4nd rabbits die of lespiratory paialysis anywheie fiom ten sec onds to two minutes after the in jection; however, fiogs aie immune and show no exteinal signs of dis tress
^verything for a College Education DEAC’S
AMERICA’S FAVORITE Radlj News Expert
Roger L. Fisher formerly a student at the University and now an Aviation Cadet in the Army Air Force, has le cently been assigned to Randolph Field “West Point of the An”, to complete his flying tiaining and earn his commission as a second lieutenant in the Army
Air Force
Lt. Jack M. Sheets formerly of West Lafayette and a graduate of the University, is now adjutant of a depot gioup at the Oklahoma City An Depot Lt Sheetz was com missioned after completing his training at Lowry Field in Denver, Coloiado
Classified Ads
here but last night it was my roommate’s turn to sleep on the feather and I’ve been aching all day ” Since we seemed to have touched a sore topic with Bogait, w@>didn t ask any more questions Besides we just got woid that a student was able to get a line into WRH the first time he tiled, and hope to in tervi^ew him for you, if we can bung him back to con scioqsness again
WE NEED boys for banquet work If yo are interested apply Purdue Union Gaft
term
For Sale—Bicycle ii i,ood condition Twenty dollars Phone 31461 “ achines all sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoff 606 Moin Lafayette Phone 2779 Money to loan on diamonds watches guna luggage typewriters Alberta uoan Office 407 Columbia Will pay cash for aiy old or new used bicycles Kij,er Shell Service Northwestern at Columbia
The only correct way to break in a E ipe IS to smoke it inkman’s mechanical smoking machine p>i4.SmoAu every Dr GRABOW With fine tobacco
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Experl Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
will start Monday September 14 Any atudent interested dhould sign Up-fn the supplyji'l -V room at the Armory before 12 ndon on ^t4 urday Sept 12 —BURKHART ^ Agriculturist All men on the staff meef’ ^ , in Agriculturist office at 4 p Wednes- ' day Sept 9 -DIESSLIN Aero Students and lAS There Will be a meeting tomorrow at 7 30 p ® I acuity Lioungc of the Union —ADAMS Gimlet Club Important meeting tonight at 6 45 p m at the Beta house Importentthat everyone be there -—FRASER Alpha Zetn Meeting in room 304 of the Union at 7 80 p m Thursday Sqpt 10 Important •—DIESSLIN Model Railroaders Meeting of the Pur due Model Railroad Club Friday September II at 4 p m at the layout fourth floo|* M*€chanical Engineering Building All in terested invited any O gauge equipment will have running rights —ARMSTRONG Student Senate Meeting Wedhesday Sep tember 9 at 7 30 in the Senate office
—NEFF
All New Freshmen Freshmen who hs^ve not been rushed and interested in fraterni ties register in the Fraternity Affairs Office room 328 in the Union Building any time after 4pm Thursday or Friday „WILCOX Fraternity Rush Chairmen The FAO flies of new freshmen interested in being rushed are available anytime after 4pm Monday through Friday —WILCOX History Gov and Econ C Removal Examinations for thb removal of conditions and mcompletes in Hist Econ and Gov will be held on Sat Oct 10 at 1 p m in room 313 of the recitation building Appli* cation must be made in advance
—ESTEY
All Model Builders The Jirst meeting of the Aeromodelers this semester will be held in room 80 of the Union The meeting irtilli start promptly at 7 46 Thursday Sppt 10 Everyone interested is urged or who iS planning to join should attend this meeting
—SMITH
News of the Day— 9 minutes • 3:18—4:35 Unusual Occupations No. 1—10 minutes 3:27—4:44 Passing Parade—'Strange Testament—10 minutes 3:37—4:54 Melody Masters—Carioca Serenaders—10 min. 3:47—5:04
John Gunther—
Information Please No. 1—10 minutes 3:57—5:14 Com. Sing—Good Time Songs—10 minutes 4:07—5:24 Speaking of Ahimals— In a Pet Shop—10 minutes 3:00—4:17—5:34
Disney Cartoon—
^l^end a Paw— 8 minutes
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
University Boob Store
Acrons From Bnb n
Red ' Sammons 29 Ooo Tpple *40
(Continued from page 1) “Youth and Progiess Day, and the lest of the half hour progiam was turned ovei to present and former high lanking 4 H Club membeis Future Faimers and Goidon Me Cam a six year old businessman and patiiot fiom Deei “Click’ in Can oil county Goidon put on a harness and pulled the lawnmowei this summei in order to earn money to invest One thud of his pay went into ice cream cones foi Goidon, p.nd two thuds went to buy defense stamps “to help Uncle Floyd which is m the hospital beat the Japs ” All of the broadcasts, which last fiom 12 to 12 30, are open to the
public
Winners Announced In Billiard Tourney Following the completion of the fiist round of the Rotation Pocket Bilhaids Tournament nine wmneis have been announced They aie J Fleagei R A Spencer R H Pope joy P Gainer W Wilhnarth, R Wolff D Robeitson C Downing and C F Roy All fieshmen who v/ish to entei must do so on oi before Thuisday Sept 10 Fust prize is $6 00 woith of billiards Second piize is $3 QO and thud is $2 00 woith of billiaids
M E 11 65 66 Condition Exams Condi „ Summer MarrmBe Course Enrollees tion exams m the above courses will be Ptomis^d booklets from Dr Burkhart are given Saturday Sept 12 at 1 p m in 'n the office of Dr Wilkoning dean of room 308 of the Mechanical Engineering Those who desire may obtain them building Please not fy Hall room 304 im •'y calling anytime from J to ■* P J? mediately if you intend to take these exams PATRICK - AULT
Kappa Pfli There will be a meeting next Thursd y Sept 10 at 8 p m ii room 261 of the Union —PAINE Interfraternity Presidents Council D n ner meeting at Delta Ta i Delta on Thurs
day September 10 jit 6 p m
—RIDER
Scabbard and Blade An important meet mg will be held Wednesday r ight Septem ber 9 ii the Union Building Inquire at West Desk for room number All members desiring The Officer s Guide bring $1 07 in ca h Plans foi the p cn t and pledging will be discussed This is a stab meeting —SPENCER Sigma Delta Psi Important meeting for all member on Thi rsday September 10 at 7 p n in room 107 of the Fiel Iho so
ARNOLD
Chinese Students Ihe first mt t ng f this emest r jw II b held n Fn 1 y Sci tember 11 it 7 i m at th icsid ct of Mr an I Mis Col 231 W od street West I afi yette Barbecue will bt str\ d after the meet ng LIANC Glider Club Open meeting Th rsdav eve n ng S pteml el 17 i room 3 5 of the Union at 7 ^0 1 m M vmg i icturcs of Club act vitics V II be shown —SHAKEL Military Code Instruction Extn curucu lar instruction n Intern iti nal Morse C d
Hays Jewelry Co. 131 North Fourth St Fine jewelry at Moderate Price
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD ) RISK — DENTJSTS — 400 404 Schultx Bldg 4th and Main Sts Lafayette
IUaiiI —LAST TIMES TODAY-
DOUBLE FEATURE
ALOMA OF THE SOUTH SAES in Technicolor
with
DOROTHY LAMOUR JON HALL plus
THIRD FINGER LEFT HAND with MYRNA LOY MELVIN DOUGLAS
MARS -LAST TIMES TODAY—
LAST DAY—2 FEATURES Say Romantic Laugh Hi!
IT'S FIRST RUN — AND —
JANE WYMAN * JAMES GLEASON PHIL SILVERS • COBINA WRIGHT JR
KEENE
— ALSO — Riders of Death Valley, Serial
COLOR CARTOON
MMVISItt —LAST TIMES TODAY—
KuiAND BIUIE ' ALIEN" YOUNG • BURKEJENKINS
LUMA LAST TIMES TODAY
PLUS
SECOND HIT
MIRIAM BRIAN PRitTON HOPKINS DONLEVY FOSTERt-fH*
(fA
i If f
P
September % 1942
Boilermaker ^rts
Page$
i^brts Communique
c
By Bob Hadley
Saftimy Voinolf thinks that there is a large percentage of the football i^&tehai in the University that hever shows up in a uniform. Sammy ycjitioit thinks that, even after working with a succession of PE 12 clauses, and if he still thinks so, it is probably truei Sammy is still lookin^f fbr some fellows that like the game and want to play it to show up BO he can outfit them with a uniform. ’ Vbinoff and France have been molding a gang of inexperienced ’ hophontores and juniors With Borne plugging seniors that have the ‘ epiirit, but haven’t quite shown the ability, to move up to the varsity siqtiad, into a team that has been giving the varsity some real opposition in recent Scrimmage sessions. The “B” squad iB going to play a d<^hedule of its own, and the two coaches want some more men to fill ibe roster of a regular playing ball club. The main purpose of ihe "B” squad is to ferret out new prospects and give them playing ' exj^et^hnCe, to prepare them for varsity competition. It’s a good chanc€^ for men that have hesitated beacuse they thought they didn’t measure up to see what they can do. Northwestern, the Boilermakers’ third opponent in the rapidly approaching season just started practice the other day. They, like Purdue, pi)en their season on September 26. They will be opposed by Bernie Bienhan’s Iowa Cadets. It’s safe to say that the Wildcats will need eVbry bit of practice they can get in the two and one-half weeks seperatinir thfem from that first engagement. That’s opening the season with a baitg—playing a gang of ex-collegiate stars and commandos. ^bpach Lynn Waldorf is figuring heavily on veteran runner and pabCer pt|:o Graham for the head of the Purple’s scoring department. Wdldorf, as is the wont and privilege of a football coach, is shedding et^eaniEf ef tears over his team’s prospects. To some extent he will gejk ilympathy. Although 17 lettermen including 4 regulars are retnrnilig te ^he wars, the Wildcats are not considered very likely conteitdcrs far the Big Nine crown. They have halfback Graham, ends Motl ahd Basse, and tackle Burke,^bout which to build a team and 'they may do it—Waldorf has turned out some great teams.
ATTENTION, SENIORS! GET YOUR CORDS
NOW
Superior Quality
Satisfactory Service
'SuJUmvL Inc. 1 WEST LAFAYETTE
New Line May Hinder
Fbrdhaoi’s Grid Season ^ Fordham University’s prospects for its fiftj^-fourth ■ ■ ■Odi' AllvI^OOn iron season, which will open on September 26 with i^e^ivefets The fall Inter-Fraternity Golf here, will hinge upon the capability of the Maroon i|j|n9^. -.t ? Tournament will start Friday, Sept. Earl Walsh, in his first year as head coach on Rose Hill, has University Course,
two experienced backfield combinations from Id,st year's Sugar Bowl title' winners which pack plenty of pqtei^tiai scoTing
pun,ch< But they won’t go far — O , I t/l Iiii i. Twenty-five participation points unless the old Notre Dame full- ... , . will be given each fraternity qualiback can build a highly geared the right flank with ^d'Siodowii, ff' first.string line, and their re- a speedy junior who Was'conWtr^.'^^®*®*'"’*^ allowed to cornserves, from predominantly ed from tackle, his closest pval. All^m^n wh^turn^in^scorel 18
green talent. ®‘»»•!•• Sadonls or A1 fell, both ™
X, TIT X , sophomores will hold forth at right
Sparking the Maroon back- tackle placed m one or another of the nu-
field again this fall will be it is’at guard thdt^tbd’W^ dre‘
if.uiKoAir «rri, II T?-v ®^®,.dej;ermining position and round. The filfiback Steve The Flip Filipo- especially weak. Walsh has ^t a^'tpam championship will be deterwicz, whose running and passing single man available 1 hWe %bo ied on the folloLg point basis, during the 1941 campaign made played even a mipute of varsity points going to house whose man him, one of the outstanding backs competition. Fordbam has lost its finishes in tL nosition indicated• in the hati.,. He.rn „U1 pr.b- Jrst six gnards fr,n, TS M» Ch.tpirMrMgbt. ably do-the quarterbacking for the —two were graduated an^ foimare igt place, 25 points; 2nd place, 20 Td T T 7 i?i7®' 777 3rd place, 16 points; 4th
Ch^cerko and Joe Andrejco holding Joe Kovach, sturdy, aggressive-sec- place 10 points
down the halfback posts Mike ond string center last fall, whom 2. Consolation Round (16 Men) VufelKanovich will alternate with Walsh shifted to guard during m foj. above: 1st place, 16 points; 2nd Heato at calling the s^ls; Joe spring drills, entered Naval ayia- place, 10 pointB; 3rd place, 6 points. Osos'ki will play left half; either tion a week before practicet|e^n. 3. 32 Man “A” Plight: 1st place, George Elder, a junior, or fr^hman He was expected to, fill one of the 15 points; 2nd place, 10 points; 3rd
Mike ,^twa will be at right and regular guard spots. -40 f- ■ place, 6 points.
Benny<Babula will play fullback on Another Freshman at End .. (p , . ^ 4. 16 Man Consolation Round TT ^ X " • * j, Freshman Charley Reis, despite > "A” Flight: 1st place, 10 points; 2nd However, strange as it seems aft- inexperience, has shaped up well place, 8 points; 3rd place, 6 points, er successive seasons of rock ribbed during the last two weeks,of pracl ' 5. 16 Man “B” Plight: 1st place, is, Fordham s line is probably'iofd dox^n 10 points; 2nd place, 8 points; 3rd
one of the regular guafd’jbbB'. Hb*ll place, 6 points,
team with either 'TCn^-LucOi, a 0- 1® Man “C” Flight: 1st place,
' j - .r, 1 V., , . sophomore, or Pete PAsdavage,'a 8 points; 2nd place, 6 points; 3rd
So strapped is Coach Walsh for junior. Steve Novic^ki,,Tom,Potter Place, 4 points. rP7*nn tsiIptit. in fna Imp ■fno'f nfic ^ .. wr ^ n
and Jim Carrington, ireshjnQn,.jare also making strong 'bms^for tbe
guard job. ** ^ ’ The 1942 Foruham football squad
strength, of course, ^^^Posed of fifty-six^ players. ^ _
will be almost entirely drawn from Thirty-seven of these men, Mteen P J P°^_ the ranks of the first two olassos. sophomores and twen««o frddh- oft'eafcr Only two regulars from the 1941 hod no preemns varsity J ll.^roLlttyinruS ii«r. T„.. i j cx experieoce. Of the nineteen boys ^ lor quainying Uo 7xiL7!„f77T7 x7 l,f!!x who have returnee^ from last i^ea- Playing rules for this tour-
squad nine are letternnen
Varsity, Reserves Drill For Saturday's Clash Giving Boilermaker sports fans their first chance to see the new, 1942 gridiron machine in action, the Gimlet Club sponsor the VarsityrB Team tussle in Ross-Ade Stadium tltiis Saturday at 2:30 p .m. The intra-squad contest, pittingEljn^r Burnham’s new offensive-minded pigskin aces against tfife hard-fighting “B” squad, coached by Sammy Voinoff, shotil^ give a good preview of how the regulars will play during the toughest season in Riveter football history. handling the pigskin, while de^ With the opening whistle of fensive play centered on the hard the pre-season contest just hitting of Bab Bachmann, Kenny four days away, and the opener Smock, and Warner VanAken. with Fordham on local soil, Reserves Optimistic
Sept. 28, both squads are undergo-
ing strenuous workouts.
Overcast skies and a steady drizzle accompanied the drills on RossAde field yesterday afternoon, as
Sammy Voinolf’s “B” squad, considerably lighter than its varsity foes, will be bucking against supposedly one of the most potential squads in several Riveter seasonA.
forward walls
the weak spot in the current Ram
gridiron machine.
Frosh Will Play So strapped i
veteran talent in the line that it is a certainty even at this early date that at least two freshmen and a like number of sophomores will man regular berths in the forward wall.
7, 16 Man “D” Flight: 1st place, 6 points; 2nd place, 4 points; 3rd
place, 2 points.
8. 16 Man “E” Flight: 1st place, 4 points; 2nd place, 2 points; 3rd
Ritinski are on hand for the curient schedule. Sabasteanski will again
nament are posted at the starting
seneume. baoasteanski will again po^r were regulais-fullback Steve cards must be rehold down center and Ritinski will _ turned to the startino- Vimise imnio.
center Joe Sabasteanski.
be seen at light end. Joe Yacka- right halfback Joe Annich, a heavily built junior letter d^ejeo, right end Stan Ritinski and
winner dnd the only other experienced lineman available, is expect-
ed to fill the left tackle post.
Hintenberger at End
Freshman Ed Hintenberger is
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS WED.. SEPT. 16TH 7:30 P. M. To Experienced Dancers ADVANCED CLASS OPENS THURS., SEPT 17TH 7:30 P. M. Indiana's Largest Dancing School
ALLEN’S 6.h.feFen^
WAA To Hofd Golf Callouts Tomorrow All girls interested in golf are invited to attend the callout to be held tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Those attendin'g will
turned to the starting house immediately after play. All cards should
be signed by the opponents. It is suggested that the fiaterni-
ties attach to each entry blank a check for $1.00 for each man entering, thus paying for the qualifying round and the first round in the final flight. If this is done tickets will be held at the starters house in a separate envelope for each fraternity. If no check is attached it is
learn about the rules and regula- assumed that each man will pay as tions of the tournament to start fig plays. Entry blanks should be next week. ' returned not later than tomorrow
Harry Allspaw, coach of the boys’ evening, golf team and pro from the Univeisity Club, will be there to instruct the girls. Gerry O’Neil, WAA
golf head, will be_in charge.
PATI^ONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
WBAA Sports Program To Interview Grfdders Barlq^ French |and John Andretich, Boilermaker grid aces, are scheduled to be the second duet of Purdue gridders to be heard in personal interviews tonight on “From The Press Box,” WBAA sports show at 9:46 p. m. Last night “Tex” Smerke and Bruce “Pinky” Warren told listeners some of the personal thoughts of football players in ac-
tion.
t “From the Press Box” will pre- . sent two Riveter football players each night four times a week.
Burnham sent the squad through Reserve Coach Voinoff stated, howran intensive passing session and ever, “we’ll be pounding at those lively scrimmage. regulars every minute and they’ll New Forward Wall have to fight ffor every inch of
Charles Harris and Fred “Tex” ground.”
Smerke, converted quarterbacks The optimistic reserve outlook is holding down end posts, figured con- largely due to some of the promissiderably in the action, Smerke ing material seen on the field so fdr gaining ground on several end- this season. John Wojciechowsld, around plays, and Harris handling soph fullback, Paul Burkhart, Paul the pass-snatching duties for the Gutting and Don Newman, all halfoffensive, team. A brand new for- backs, and Ray Schultz, quarterward wall combination, utilizing back, have been carrying the most veterans Barry French and Bruce of the “B” team backfield duties. Warren at tackles, Dick Barwegan, “B” Line Develops hatd blocking Chicago sophomore, Reserve line-power has centered and Frank Ruggieri, Big Ten so far around a combination of heavyweight wrestling champion, Kline and Aitken, tackles; Wiley guards, and Otto Hurrle at center, and Baker, ends; Fox and Evensoh; indicated Burnham’s intentions to guards; and Dicks at center. Voinoffkeep an all-around poweiful squad will probably make a few changeV, on the field. however, before Saturday’s clash., ^ Backfield duties saw quarterback All students and the general pub-ball-carrying with Rocky Snyder lie will be admitted for 25 cents. Hillenbrand, Harder, Kuzma Rated Tops In Coriference This year, as in previous years, the Big Ten again comes up with numerable stars, some of whom may go down in history as did Tom Harmon and Red Grange. Probably the most publicized gridman of today’s era is young Bill Hillenbrand Of Indiana. Hillenbrand, who’ comes closest so far in his sophomore year to equaling the brilliant performance of Grange and Harmon begins his second year in Big Ten competition. carried the pigskin and finished fifth Bill is one of those true m total offense (rushing and passHoosiers, who picked one of mg) though he did not heave a sin-
his native schools, though it ffle pass, was Indiana, as he hailed from Mentioned Reitz Memorial High School of ustrate <
„ , , , goes on to name Big Bill Daley of
Evansville. To make good in big x x, x x 1 x-x TT1, T j Minnesota as another star who league competition, Hillenbrand , ,, xx x -xx ^
j XX 1 ' XX TT 41 should come through with some eXcrossed the goal for the Hoosiers for , x, ■ x XX xijix X , j X, X citing escapades this coming season,
seven of the fifteen touchdowns that o t
McMillan’s team made. In addition 7- „ n j X XX X X j X Michigan has Tom Kuzma, called to this, he heaved seven passes to xx xt o m j xt t, ,
J, X , , the No. 2 Tommy, and Merv Pregul-
score seven more of the touchdowns, „ x xx x x-xx J „ ’ man, a center, as the stars whnJh and as if this was not enough, he „ x xx ttt i • j-
^ ’ will represent the Wolverines for honors. Kuzma ranked third among Big Nine passers and was fifth in
... , , , , rushing with a 4.3 average. He was
high as a sophomore last year, and
w o again see ac ion agains Michigan always comes up with outthe Boilermakers is Pat Haidei of x j x j xx- » ,. . standing centers and this year is no
option, as Preg„ln..„ fills the
“Illustrated Football Annual”
helped to'set up the final goal.
Harder of Wisconsin
Another star who was ranked
zine “Illustiated Football Annual , Wisconsin will probably finish in second place with the wealth of ma-
bill. Last year he was a guard, but was switched to center for this season due to the loss of All-Amerkin
ON SALE 20>
ALKA-SELTZER ANACIH TABLETS
ANTfPHLOGISTINE
24's 49c
100 98c
Tube 62c
........ Size 38c ASTRING-O-SOL 4 Oz 53c BAND-AID 36 Adh Edges 23c 50c size 39c BAUME "BEN GAY" 75c size 59c BAYER ASPIRIN 100 59c "BC" HEADACHE POWDERS . 35c size 19c BOND SUPER POWER BATTERIES 10c BORDEN'S HEMO I lb 59c BROMO-SELTZER 60c size 49c BURMA-SHAVE 50c size 39c DR CALDWELL'S LAXATIVE Combined with Syrup Pepsin 60c size 47c DR. WEST'S MIRACLE-TUFT Adult sizes, except in Illinois 47c DRENE (with hair conditioner added) $1 00 size 79c FEEN-A-MINT FITCH'S (Dandruff Remover) SHAMPOO 6 oz 59c FLEERS DUBBLE BUBBLE GUM 1c GILLETTE BLUE BLADES 10 for 49c GILLETTE SHAVING CREAM 50c size, Brushless 33c GROVE'S VITAMINS A, B,, D, 25c HIND'S Honey and Almond CREAM $1 00 size 49c HORLICKS fortified A, B,, D & C
lb 47c
lERGENS LOTION 39c JERIS Ic SALE Regular $1 35 value 76c KLEENEX TISSUES 440 sheets 25c, 2 for 49e KOTEX -54 napkins 89c-2 for $1.75 LIFEBUOY SHAVING CREAM 27c LISTERINE ANTISEPTIC 3 oz 23c SQUIBB'S MINERAL OIL pint 59c, qt 89c LUXOR HAND CREAM Contains Carbqmide 50c size 39c LYSOL DISINFECT large 89c MEDS (The Modess Tampon) 50s 98c MENNEN ANTISEPTIC OIL 43c MENNEN SHAVE CREAMS 39c.43c MENTHOLATUM loz 27c MODESS Sanitary Napkins 56's 89c MURINE For Your Eyes 60c size 49c HINDS CREAM $1 00 size 49c
BUY ECONOMY SIZES
UNIVERSITY DRUG STORE Next to the Post Office 305 State St. Phone 4095
terial they have and the added help Bob Ingalls. of the leading giound gainer in the Among other stars who received Big Ten of last year, Pat Harder. honors in the annual were Barry Not to be outshown by Hillen- French of the Riveters squad, A1 bland. Harder scoied eight touch- Wistert of Michigan and Dick Wildowns and seven points after touch- dung of the Gophers- French whs downs. Besides these feats, he aver- analyzed as a “play-wrecking Troaged 6.6 yards for every time he jan”. Pen REPAIR MATERIALS MAY SOON
BE UNOBTAINABLE!
Len repair parts are getting as scarce as *'A” grades. Pens that fail now may be out for the duration. That’s why you are urged to take this protective measure: flush your pen and fill it with new Parker Qmnk containing solv-x. A sensational discovery of Parker scientists, Qumk eliminates fears of pen failure due to faulty inks. Ends gumming and clogging. Cleans as it writes' Ask your dealer for amazing new Parker Qumk with solv-x. Smooth-flowing, faster-dry-ing—new Parker Qumk gives added pleasure to writmg. cora i>4i. THE PARKia res compahv
NEW PARKER QUINK Afh* oaly ink coafamfflg solv-x. Ellmlnalet Hi* causa al mast panfaihitass 1. The solv-x in new Pqrker Qutnk dissolves sediment and gummy deposits left by inferior inks. Cleons your pen os it writesi .2. Quink with soiv-x prevents Hie rubber rot and corrosion caused by strongly acid writing fluids.
15(, 25(1, and up. Made by the maker* of famous Parker Pens. 7 COLORS: •' Biatk, Blue-black, Royal Blue, Grtmt, Violet, Brown, Red 1VASJSABLS or PERMANENT.
Parker QumA' ^^COMTAIMS SOlf-K