> •'"’T i-^'t n iV ' ^- ’ I ''
'r^nj ^ it f
/^ ¥■ 'i ^ ( f " ^
i4Ps^
M
®he !?ur£me TSxpaxient
Published Daily^ by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVni
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 19S7
NUMBER 8t
14 States Send Men To Pest Session T. R. Johnston Talks To Gtottp; Conference Continues Today T. R. Johnston, pahlicity director for the University, led an informal discussion at last night’s meeting of the commercial pest exterminators’ conference in the Memorial Union Building. / The states represented at the con' ference include Massachusetts, Illinois, Rhode Island, Connecticut, Delaware, New York, Maryland, In^ diana, Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Missouri, and Oklahoma. Today’s program includes identi' fication of insects under the supervision of Prof. H. O. Deay at the morning session, life history of the house insects under the supervision of B. E. Montgomery during the afternoon session. Insecticides W. S. Flint, of the University of Illinois, will speak to the group at 730 p. m. in the Memorial Union Building on insecticides. F. L. Campbell, of Ohio State University and R. L. Post of Rochester, N. Y., will also speak during today’s meetings. ,
Wesley Foundation Plans Exam Parties Wesley Foundation will serve tea and cookies at 4 o’clock every afternoon during the final examination period at the Foundation House. A ping-pong tournament will also be held in connection with the teas. Don Hurd and Vivian Basinger will be in charge of these events.
Jean Janousek lU Jean Janousek, junior assistant co-ed editor on the Exponent staff, is in the St. Elizabeth’s hospital with a severe cold. Her condition is not critical, but visitors will not be admitted for a few days.
/>
30
By Hugh Morris
January 20, 1937 TODAY is your last opportunity to see “Damaged Lives,” the talking picture that “Doc” Miller is now showing in Eliza Fowler Hall. Last times for men at 10 a. m., and co-eds at 4 . . . don’t miss it! —30— WASH day at Louisiana Tech is really “Blue Monday” to the laundry men. More than 676 out of the 1,100-odd men’s shirts collected each Monday morning are blue . . . —30— ELLIOTT Roosevelt, son of the President, has been apointed a member of the board of directors of Texas A. & M. College. —30— PRANKSTERS at the University of Wisconsin recently tried to remedy the situation after President Glen Frank had been removed from office by an 8 to 7 vote of the board of regents. They thumbtacked a “Man Wanted” sig^n on the door of the ex-president’s office. —30— DEFINITION of a “snap course:” A course in which the professor does not check the roll, make assignments, give failing grades, and which is non-existent . . . —30— “OLD MAIDERY” is definitely on the upgrade unless Hunter College questionnaires were not answered truthfully a week or so ago. Oply one freshman out of the total of 929 has confessed a desire to be married after graduation from college! '—30— ITEM in the Washington Daily "‘It’s an ill wind that blows no good and a poor death that doesn’t lengthen the life of two boys at Purdue University. They now work their way through school as professional pallbearers for a funeral home. The fee two dollars per carry.” ... wonder who the boys are ?
Madison People Claim Dr. Frank Was Railroaded Out Of Wisconsin U.
Madison, Wis,, Jan. 19.—(ACP) Another attack oJ severe investi-gation-itis struck the University of Wisconsin again early this month, and this time the Board of Regents removed President Glenn Frank to cure another attack of the disease that twice last year forced other members of its staff to be displaced. After a two-day operation that assumed the proportions of a great spectacle, the board that was accused of taking orders from Governor Philip F. LaFollette voted, as newspapers predicted last July, ^ to 7 to remove Dr. Frank. The eight members who voted to remove the president are all Progressives and LaFollette appointees. Chief Concern The chief concern of the press and the nation’s educators was that the action of the board and the procedure preceeding that action were not such as to preserve freedom of thought from the power of government and to give President Frank a hearing by his peers. Formal charges were made on the Frank case by the regent president, but the former’s answers were as w'ell documented as the latter’s charges, better, many observers declared. No matter what one’s opinion of the charges and answers was, one's verdict on the regents’ verdict against Dr. Frank was usually dictated by politics, prejudices, educational theory or just plain personalities. Railroaded Out The verdict of most Madisonians was that Dr. Frank was railroaded out of his job by a Progressive ma^ jority that would have voted as it did no matter what was said during the course of the “trial.”
Byers To Preside Over YMCA Convo George Byers, Purdue ’17, president of the state Y. M. C. A., is to preside at the business sessions of the sixty-sixth annual state convention of the Y. M. C. A. in Bloomington, Indiana, today. Byers, a resident of Lafayette, was active on the Purdue campus, being president of Alpha Zeta, agricultural honorary, a member of Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity, and president of local student branch of the Y. M. C. A. The meeting is for clearing up last year’s business, the election of state officers for 1937, and the hearing of reports of the officers and committees. The 22 associations in Indiana will all be represented.
Following the Bascom Hall spectacle and the student strike that concluded it, a movement was starting to have the manner of selecting university regents by gubernatorial appointment changed to some less political method. Observers close to the scene predict that this will be a “must measure on the docket of the state legislature this month. Another legislative possibility is that Wisconsin solons will investigate the “trial” given to Dr. Frank by the regents, for many of them feel that there is something “fishy” about the whole affair. Chief topic of Madisonians for weeks now, the “Frank affair” has now boiled down to a lot of head shaking and a guessing game over the successor to the first of the nation’s “boy presidents.”
Wabash Drops Iznd inauguration Two Crowds To 18.3 Feet ssasms^sssm View Venereal
Hill Says WRler Level To Continue To Decline After registering a two-foot drop Monday night, the rampaging waters of the Wabash were down to a mark of 18.3 fi?et yesterday. This point is well below the flood stage; and with no rain in sight, T. H. Hill assistant weather observer of the University, predicted last night that the water would continue to recede, and that there was no longer an immediate danger of serious flood.
Honor Faculty Men Tonight Chamber of Commerce Sponsors Smoker For New Instructors One hundred thirty-two new male members of the University faculty will be honored tonight at 7:30 at a smoker arranged by the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce with Noble Eizer, as chairman of the Purdue relations, in charge. Dr. E. C. Elliott, president of the University and Herbert L. Graves president of the Chamber of Commerce, will give short talks. Entertainment, smokes, and refreshments will be provided during the evening.
Senior Debris Proofs Ready Seniors who had their pictures taken for the 1937 Debris on January 11, 12, or 13 may view their proofs today in the Debris office. A representative of the Dexheim-er-Carlon Studios will be in the office from 9 a. m. until 4:30 p. m. to answer any questions concerning the finished pictures. Orders for extra pictures may also be made at this time.
Chinese Students To Make Final Funeral Plans A special committee appointed by the Chinese Students Club will meet at 9 o’clock this morning in Dean Fisher’s office to make the final arrangements for the funeral of Miss Yuen You Chou, Chinese student, who died last Saturday following a two week’s illness. The committee went to Indianapolis yesterday to see what arrangements could be made for taking care of the remains.
Co-eds Get Extra Hour During Exams
W. S. G. A. judicial board announced last night that 12 o’clock hours go into effect immediately for all women students throughout the final exam and mid-semester periods. However, with the permission of house mother, 1 a. m. hours will be granted to those who wish to attend the Friday and Saturday night dances.
EXAM SCHEDULES
Final examination schedules for today, Thursday, and Friday are listed on pag^ 4 of today’s Exponent.
Student Co-op Groups Enjoy Running Their Own Houses
By D. Paarlberg An English idea, brought over to America by Kagawa of Japan and to Purdue by a Methodist minister —^that’s the story behind the five new co-op houses that dot the campus with a total of 66 members. “Co-operation is the economic expression of Christianity,” observed Rev. William A. McFadden, student pastor of the Wesley Foundation, and thereupon he set up a new way of living that helps to keep the wolf from the door and gets in a few “good licks for the Lord” at the same time. How It Works How does it work? Well, let’s take an example. There’s the new house on University street, that was organized last April. Twenty men live here, sharing work and expenses in a truly co-operative way. Each man puts in about five hours a week on house duties. Pood, coal, and supplies are bought through a purchasing affent, from a co-op-erative concern whenever possible. The house is organized in much the same manner as a fraternity. The men sleep in dormitories and have their own study rooms. Board and room together come to about $16 to $20 a month for rooms and meals comparable to a good campus average. They Like It * “We like it fine,” said Harold V. Cobbs, president of the Rurdue Stu-
dent Co-operative Association. “The development of responsibility and the practical experience of working together are as valuable as the financial benefits. We have a social committee that takes care of our parties and an educational secretary who sees that we keep up to date on co-operative ideas, I think the co-op houses are going to grow.” The movement isn’t limited to the men, either. Ten girls have a house at 12 Russell street, where they have been copking meals and doing their own housework since September. “It gives us home economics girls a chance to practice what we learn at school,” said June Denny, president of the girls’ group. “The board and room is $16 a month. We do all of our own work and enjoy it. We have our parties, too, and we held open house last fall, It’s a lot of fun to run your own house.” New Design For Living The co-op houses aren’t just a way to save money. They are a new way of living, of sharing, and of working together, as truly co-oper-ative as the consumer co-operatives whose sudden growth during the last few years has marked the dawn of a new era in American business. Other schools have taken up the idea. There are 400 men living in co-op houses at the University of Washington, Leave it to a preacher to figure out a new way to live!
Victrola Records Aid Sage College Students in Speech Courses Troy, N. Y.—(AGP)—If you really want to graduate from Russell Sage College for Women, you now have to talk yourself out. This year, for the first time, all freshmen are required to enroll in speech courses. Each pupil receives a first-hand opportunity to “hear herself as others hear her,” for phonograph records are made of her voice to help her in diagnosing her own speech weaknesses. Follows Four Steps The course follows four graduated steps — diagnosis, demonstration, practice, and performance. Practice is left largely to the individual student and is a regular part of her outside preparation for the course. Progress or lack of progress is demonstrated in class-room performances. For the sake of comparison, each student again will record her voice at the end of the course. One-act plays, debating, and similar activities keep emphasis on speech as one of the main objectives. Upper classmen are not required to enroll, but the poor freshmen have no choice; they can’t even talk themselves out of taking the course.
Today for the first time in the history of the United States, a President will be inaugurated on January 20. President Roosevelt’s inaugural address is to be broadcast over NBC, CBS, and MBS hook ups this moaning at 11:00 o’clock. Starting at 7:30 a. m. and continuing until late in the aftemo<ni, the stations will give pre-inaugural, inaugural, and post-inaugural cmremonies.
Disease Films Addidonal Sho’wingB Ta Be Giyen At 10 And 4 O’clock Today “Damaged lives” and “Scieike And Disease,” two films on social diseases for students sponsored by Dr. J. S. Miller, of the student health service, drew two capaciiy crowds yesterday in Eliza Fowler Hall. The films will be shown today at 10 o’clock for the men and and 4 o’clock this afternoon for the co-eds. On account of the length of tihe films the time for this morning’s showing has been advanced one hour so that the presentation of the pictures will be finished by noon. The pictures are “talkies” consistof eight reels for “Damaged lives” and three reels for “Science And Disease.”
K. H. BurreU Recovers K. H. Burrell, senior in the school of electrical engineering and vicepresident of Triangle fraternity, was released from the Home hospital yesterday. He was taken to the hospital Monday, but ’his condition improved and an operation was not necessary.
EXPONENT WORK SCHEDULE
The following men will serve on the nights indicated as issue editors: Wed., Jan. 20, Schroeder; Fri., Jan. 22, Anthony; Mon. Jan. 26, Bailey; Wed., Jan, 27, Hardin; Mon. Feb. 1, ^tanback; and Tues., Feb. 2, Chapin. The Freshmen will work on nights when their final exam schedules will permit. —MORRIS,
Short Course Attracts 175 Eight Week Instruction Started Yesterday Classes in the eight-weeks’ agriculture short course^were held for the first time yesterday with 176 students, the largest group in many years, attending. The increased attendance was made possible by a number of scholarships which were given this year. Eight students received scholarships by virtue of the essays that they wrote,in the essay contest sponsored by the trustees, while 9 others received them from Sears Roebuck & Company. The four courses being offered this year are as follows: general agriculture, animal husbandry, dairy production, and dairy manufactures. The largest attendance yra^ reported in the general agricultute course.
Applied Design Classes Are Exhibiting Work Faculty and students in the applied design department of the Umversity are exhibiting work performed in the department laboratories during the present semester in Building No. 2. In addition, Helen Goeppinger, a member of the applied design staff, has on exhibition several peasant articles which she collected while on a tour of central European countries last summer. 350 Enrolled Approximately 350 students are enrolled in applied design laboratory courses this semester according to Prof. Larentza Schantz Hansen, and about 430 students ace taking both lecture and laboratory work. 'The student exhibit material originated in the freshman design, costume design, and advanced design courses.
Arkansas Publication ‘Pans’ Graduation Week Fayetteville, Ark.—(ACP)—^In a move to do away with traditional Commencement exercises The 'Traveler, University of Arkansas student newspaper, published an editorial proposing to “abolish in one sweep the expense, nuisance, and nonsense of Graduation week.” “Of all the claptrap and useless fixtures of college life, commencement is one of the principal absurdities,” said Editor John Hutchison. Declaring that commencement serves no other purpose than to burden the student with several extra days of tiresome program, cap and gown discomfort, and board bills, the editorial goes on to say that “some students look forward to the day they will stalk in solemn procession to accept their sections of sheepskin, but most look forward in sighing resignation to an unnecessary and irksome period of frippery.” “How many seniors want to sit through a baccalaureate sermon comprising little else but hollow platitudes and faulty philosophy?” the editorial asks. “How many seniors have any desire to endure a funeral exercise featuring boresome introductions, political bombast and mediocre music?”
The personal papers of the late Dr. Henry Van Dyke, author, diplomat, clergyman, and educator who died in 1933, have been presented by his literary executors to the Princeton university library.
PUBLICATION
During the first semester examinations the Exponent wiU be published only on the following days: January 21, 23, 26, and 28. The reg^ar schedule will be resumed with the issue of February 2.
Purdue Women’s Qub Has Luncheon Today Mrs. George Wykoff and her committee are in charge of the January meeting of the Newcomer’s section of the Purdue Women’s Club to be held today. A luncheon, whicl^ will be held in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building, will be followed by bridge.
AlhStar Brain Trtist Named By University Of Pennsylvania Faculty Philadelphia, Pa.—(ACP)—When sports writers had finished their allstar picking, the University of Pennsylvania faculty took advantage of the lull and did a little choosing on its own account—^but not in the sports field. Given the opportunity of voting for a mythical all-star faculty of ten members frpm all the history of the world and from any field of knowledge and work, faculty men and women of the University of Pennsylvania selected Dr. Albert Einstein, Socrates, Plato, Aristotle, Da Vinci, Shakespeare, Galileo, Newton, Darwin and Pasteur. Dr. Einstein is the only living man included.
Survey Shows Americaii Leisure Pursuits hi Rut Evanston, 111.—(ACP)—Do yon spend most of your leisure time in listening to the radio, reading newspapers, attending movies, and playing bridge? If so, you have :Mlen into the typical American rut of leisure time activity. This conclusion was reached by Dr. Paul A. Witty, professor of education at Northwestern University, as the result of an eight year sur-
vey.
]|^vorite Pastiipies These four activities, alon^ ’^tb motoring and attending parties, are the favorite pastimes of aduR America.I
hi
7 spa-ri. - '■'J" ■ jvv.jj'ir ' T"
T*7f‘'"^fv'"^ 'TP/Hjn
'i'
/
THE PURDUE EXPONlBNT
Wednesday*, J^nuafy 20# 1937
A Bit Of Explanation
Many false interpretations have been put upon the Exponent’s attempt to hasten the abolition of paddling by rating the several social fraternities according to their paddling programs. That the fundamental purpose of eliminating paddling is worthy of effort is generally agreed u^n; the complaints made about the manner in which th^ achievement of purpose is being attempted. Let it first be understood that we are not trying to force any fraternity to abolish its paddling; many of those which do paddle, do so in the belief that they are right in their attitude. Rather, we have a three-fold purpose: (1) to recognize the achievements of those groups which have taken steps to eliminate paddling, and by their public example to perhaps urge others onward; (2) to give prospective pledges an inkling as to the quantity and quality of paddling in the various fraternities ; and (3) to show doubters that it is possible to eliminate paddling and still conduct a fraternity successfully. To elaborate on the last point, I intend to solicit guest editorials from members of non-paddling organizations, so that their experiences will be available for the guidance of other fraternities which are considering the abolition of paddling. Far from being uncooperative, we would be only too pleased to have the Fraternity Presidents’ Council join in a concerted drive to decrease paddling. But in recent years the notable progress made in this direction has been through the efforts of the individual fraternities, and apparently the Council is of the opinion that further action should come from the same source. To impress more firmly our policy upon this subject, let me repeat that we are not trying to force any fraternity to change its views. Rather, we are trying to show that the elimination of paddling can be a successful move, one that is at least worth a try.
Public Opinion What does the general public think about capital punishment, the WPA, labor relations, international affairs, and other vital questions of the day ? Public opinion until recently was largely guess work, and the opinion of the public was seldom taken into consideration in important governmental transactions because there was no accurate means of determining just what the general public did think. The last presidential election, besides again selecting President Roosevelt, brought the attention of the country to organization which is known as the American Institute of Public Opinion. The Institute not only predicted the election of President Roosevelt, but also predicted months before the election that Landon would win 56 per cent of the votes in the Literary Digest poll. When the final prediction of the Digest poll was released Landon had 57 per cent of the vote. People began asking “What is this Institute of Public Opinion, and how is it able to make such accurate predictions?” The Institute of Public Opinion was formed a little more than a year ago in conjunction with 30 newspapers for the sole purpose of finding facts—^nothing else. The Institute would determine the public’s opinion on certain questions of the day and the newspapers would publish these facts in syndicated articles. The interesting part of the Institute is the manner in which it obtains results. Only about 100,to 300,000 ballots were distributed to the general public by the organization for each report last year but the researchers were very careful that all sections of the country and all classes of people were represented. Results have shown that their method of obtaining public opinion is accurate. The num-
tlTfie ^urifue exponent
Fowidad In 1881
1986 Member 1987 ASSOdATED COLLEGIATE PBESS
Distributors of
COLLEGIATE DIGEST MPRESENTED roR NATIONAL ADVBRTI8INO BY
National Advertising Service, Inc
College Publishers Representative
420 Madison Ave. New York, N Y. CHICAGO • Boston • ban Francisco Los ANGELES • Portland . Seattle
Entered as second class matter at the poet ofitice, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by earner, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIM OFFlCEV-812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Editor-In-Chief-
EDITOBIAL STAFF
Managing Editor Assodate Editora-
,... W. T. Hunt Ji. H. Morris
K. A. Barnette, J. B. Brock, A. H. Forster,
B. F. Manion, C. L. Sadler
Sophmnore Assistants „. „ W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey,
J. A. Chapin, J. & Clark, L. S. Hardin, 0. D. Scbioeder, H. L Stanbaek, D. B. Vance
E. H. Kellogg, K. E. O'Neil,
Editor. Associate Kdltors-
Advertislng Manager
WOMEN'S STAFF Helen Creech — ..Jeanhe Janous^, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke — -....Betty Barnett
_ . „ BUSINESS STAFF BnsiiiaM Manager —. , , National Advertising Mana^^ 7 Local Advntising Manager - OirealatioB Manager-....-
,1 B. J. Hulse L. H. Brown D. C. Miller J. P. Girard
Wftor..
SP0BT8 STAFF
L. D. Wood
AsaodateEditors—W. H. FMdd. S. E. Oriffitbs, X. F. Obenebain
Issne Editop—D. B. Yanoe.
ber of ballots isLnot the ir^portaut factor, but rather the classes of people represented in the ballot, The Institute, if it continues to operate as accurately in the future as it has in the past, will serve a long wanted need in representative government as a means by whiOh the people can express their own opinions on governmental affairs and other equally important questions.—G. D. S.
Readers* Opiiiions
The Eeponent weleomet eommintt of good 4arte end reetoneble
length from Its readers.
Correction
To the Editor: In yesterday's editorial, there was a statement that 90 per cent of the chemical engineering instructors thought that written examinations were necessary for the education of the students. This was the opinion of only one person and is not true. At least 62 per cent of these instructors who give examinations do not believe that they are essential for education.—^E. K. J.
Social Responsibilities
To the Editor: The present generation of American en^neers is not as competent to solve the social and economic problems of its profession as it should be, and engineering curricula should be arranged to promote a more progressive attitude among future engineers. This at least, seems to be the attitude of President Roosevelt as implied in his address to engineering college heads throughout the country. Professor Finch, of the Columbia University engineering school, expresses his viewpoint in “The Social Responsibilities Of An Engineer,” recently printed in a professional engineering magazine. Said Professor Finch, “It may be inferred that the President feels that the engineer possesses the key to many of our social problems, but, through this neglect and an unprogressive viewpoint, has failed to make this key available to a nation sorely in need of guidance.” Who is responsible for numerous public construction work of recent years which have been abandoned because they have, at last, shown to be uneconomical and unwise—^Passamaquoddy, the Florida Ship Canal and others ? Surely not the engineer, for he has been known for honesty and care in recommending a project, and his reputation is usually staked on its feasibility and soundness. The engineer cannot be held responsible for the oecisions of economists who, no doubt, mean well, but who are totally lacking in knowledge of engineering principles and procedure. Can not the whole question be attributed to a misunderstanding of the social responsibilities of the engineer? The engineer stands ready to advise on the cost, usefulness, and feasibility of a public work, but he cannot be expected to say whether public funds should be spent for such an enterprise or not. That is a question of the willingness and ability of the people to pay, and of the political philosophy of the time.—C. Cook.
No Smoking
To the Editor: An ignorant freshman who doesn’t smoke anyhow would like to know what this “No Smoking” agitation is all about. Would someone be kind enough to state the issues involved in words that a young fellow like myself could understand ? I askeld one of our upper classmen to give me the “low down” on the subject. Well, he told me that smoking on our campus defied an old and sacred tradition. “So what?” I asked him. “I grant you that the tradition is old, but what makes it sacred?” he looked startled; then he tried to explain. He sounded like an Englishman trying to tell a joke that he had heard the night before. After wait ing several minutes for my friend to become untangled, I put on my hat and tip-toed from the room. For all I know he is still struggling with the problem. Now I put it up to the rest of you “tradition holder-uppers.” So what?—J. J. Walz.
“That’s another story,” said tha student as he felt from the roeef «
Miss MITCHELL in Physics class “This wheel has thirty revolutions per minute.” . . . LOIS BLOW—“I thought ttiat only happened in Spain” . . .
TOMMIE GRAHAM is straddling the fence—he can’t make up his mind whether it’s DIXIE GIST or ELLEN VAN HOESEN—he took ELLEN to Bloomington Saturday night, but DIXIE seems to have the edge—at least he blushes as “Way Down South In Dixie” is given air..
KAY RHYNEARSON must have had a swell time last week-end trying to keep her Sigma Chi from Indiana from seeing her Purdue man PETH and PETH from seeing said Sigma Chi . . . she had an awful close shave Sunday night . . .
My dear JOHNNY CONWAY, who was that gorgeous creature you toted to the game Monday night— it couldn’t have been a co-ed .. .
MONA: The gals involved in the Kappa MONA affair were pestered very much last Wednesday night, but they loved it—^if you call 4839 and ask for MONA there is a great possibility of a date—^this certain Kappa isn’t so bad as Kappas go and the other two will do in a pinch— by the way they are all illustrious seniors—^names, etc., Friday morning . ^ ,
Two more pins passed over the bar this week-end—^‘Big Boy’ VERGANE plopped his pin on BERNADINE BARNES at the Pi Phi formal Friday night. . . HELEN RAE WILSON WRHer came in with Sigma Nu “Young” GINGRICH’S pm —it was a tough fight, Ma but she won . .
At the band concert Saturday night people were asking why there was such an undignified introduction of “Bald Spots” EMRICK—the introduction was not undignified
FINAL TODAY
...THE SCREEN'S CRAZIEST COMEDIANS JH AMERICA'S FIRST ALL-STREAMLINED PICTURE...!
—Plus— Cartoon In Color Comedy
Editor’s Note: Mr. Walz, being but a freshman, has not acquired the background to appreciate the real meaning of the word “tradition”. Traditions can’t be explained in a few words; one can understand them only after he has lived up to them and personally observed the manner in which they affect the feeling of the alumni and stjy^dents toward their school. No tradition is “sacred” except as it adds to this alumni reverence, and as its observance is proof of true affection for Purdue. Those, who come here only for “book lamin’” will probably never understand any of our traditions.
Exponeiiit Platform
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus activity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
TOMORROW—FRI.—SAT. CHARLIE RUGGLES ALICE BRADY
in
“MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS”
GRIICA# BEAlilT
By Lichly
“Nothing in the mail this morning, sir—^just a, lot of advertisements.”
really for the actual introduction was PAUL SPOTTS EMRICK . . .
Start cramming boys! bust off those books and barrel, ifor HELL starts today . . .
FOR ONE GOOD POME ON DER FOLLY ETC., OF EXAMS, I WILL GLADLY EXCHANGE TWO EXCELLENT MARS PASSES—SEE THE MARS FOR NODINGS . . .
Eddie Boon, an engineering student at Dolph Institute of Technology in Holland told students at Case School of Applied Science that America is a heaven because of its high wages. In Holland, with about the same standard of living, a college man gets about $6 a month for summer employment.
Some students at Louisiana State University get the air for $6 an hour. They are members of the aviation class who fly the community plane, a Fairchild thjcee-place cabin type equippQ|i with the latest safety devices. >
Genuine Service Lubricating - Washing
LAFAYETTE MOTORS, INC. West Lafayette Branch 329 Northwestern Ave. Gulf Gas Phone 5353
ARC
LAST TIME TODAY
femee
A ^aiomoHAi Keltoie i
WILLIAM BOYD
JIMMY ELLISON
ONSLOW STEVENS
—•ndr'*' HUGH HERBERT and UNA MERKEL in WENT TO COLLEGE”
FAMILY
FINAL TODAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
CARY GRANT JOAN BENNETT
“WEDDING PRESENT” —and— ARTHUR TREACHER
“THANK YOU, JEEVES’
THUR.—FRI.—SAT. EDW. EVERETT HORTON
“LET’S MAKE A MILLION’ —and— BOB STEELE
“CAVALRY”
LUMA
ALL TmS WEEK
dLj
WILD BILL and MAN-HUNTING MYRNA HIT THE GORY TRAIL AGAIN!
IUI1I.P0IUEIL mVRnH LOV togMw <|iin 111 Duhlill lUamIft mm arm
MdkSM
FINAL TODAY
Tie ImtgTdoiy of a profosstowA hgaufy
.. wmtof
leart-tug.
. hundrad lotii^ and a
mono
SOINBUI
THUR—FRI—SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE BILL
MCKi'ATLS, coupses, KISSES ADD KlUIKGSIj
A vsry merry ^ Mrryandavsry mirthful murdsr provide the season’* most mysterical hitl Don’t mios HI
PLUS SECOND FEATURE
First Lafayette Showing
ATWO-FISTEDSINGINGSEA-RANGER... WHO SOUGHT FOR PIRATE GOLD AND FOUND A GREATER TREASURE IN LOVE!V *'/
C f
r" J' > .S
m^mmm
THS! FB|tBtJBi3BJIF<>NENT
I
^exast^ii^tet Foasts Long Win Record - \ V V V j Tarleton Five Scores 65 ^Consecutive Victories j Since 1934 if 1’ There’s an oft-quoted phrase here ii^ the Middle West to the effect that lt]|o state turns out as good basketball teams as Indiana. But there are d few exceptions to that saying. ^From the depths of the sunny South suh, comes words of a junior college HasketbaU team that stared winping gatnes in 1934 and evidently liked the idea so well that it has been winning ever since, until at the present the squad has the none-too-ppltry record of 65 consecutive victories. , The home of this sensational quintet is Stephenville, Tex., the alma tpanimy is Tarleton, and the coach is W. J. Wisdom. Coach Wisdom— who, incidentally, has never played p game of basketball in his life— strangely enough bemoans the fact that his squad has such a long victory string to its credit. He claims that “the boys just can’t play their best ball under the pressure that they have to face now. They’re trying all the time to maintain that record. I hope this winning strealfi ends soon, so they can settle down to some good basketball.” Trial And Error The success of Coach Wisdom’s sqdad is due greatly to a system he worked out some five years ago, which he calls “trial and error” basketball. This system is built on the
up of the five men who fumble the least. A bookkeeping system was set up, in which wae^ kept a record of the number of passes, fumbles, shots^made, and shots missed. From these records the most promising cmnbination Vhs chosen. The success of this method for choosing the squad lea^s one to the conclusion that **you’im got somethin’ there. Coach Wisdom.” Who knows, maybe “bookkeeping basketball” will become as famous and as widely used as Purdue’s ‘fast break’ style.
Sports Give Way To Final Exams Monday hight seemed to be a very good time to discontinue sports, and that is just what has been done. Athletically inclined men, both on the varsity and intramural teams are staying home these days to cram for finals. The Boilermaker basketball squad will open the second semester’s activities against Notre Dame at South Bend on February 3, the day before second semester classes begin here. Start With A Bang Intramural activities will start with a bang at the opening of the second semester with both “A” and team-ha^tketbaH starting intmedia'tely. The Golden Glovers will continue their fight for recognition. Besides these sports, the fraternities will begin to select their entries for the Annual Sports Carnival. Indoor track is scheduled to begin the second weelf-end of school.
WE PAY 40%
CASH
For Second-Hand Books
H. G. “DEAC” REISHER
ratemily Fives Paired Off For BasketbaU Finals fhe dqte for the first rounds of the finals in the Class A interfratemity basketball tournament has been set for February 4. The teams still in the contest were matched off by drawings. Three squads boast a record of no defeats so far in the tournament —^the Phi Psi’s, Phi Sigma Kappa’s and the Triangles. All the other teams have lost one game each. Four teams have yet to play elim' ination matches to see which two of the four will compete in the final rounds. Schedule The schedule is as follows: Sigma Alpha Epsilon or Beta Theta Pi vs. Triangle. Delta Upsilon or Phi Kappa Tau vs. Delta Tau Delta. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Gamma Delta Sigma Pi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. ^
WRH Wins Co-ed Volleyball Crown Third Floor of the Women’s Residence Hall won the co-ed intramural volleyball tournament last night from the Bronx team by a score of 39 to 37. High scorers on the W. R H. team were Margaret Crankshaw, Elizabeth Barmes, and Wilma Long, Janet Shaffer and Rosemary Vandiver starred for the losers.
4 4- 4 4 ♦
4-
4“
4- 4- 4-
4
BIG TEN STANDINGS
4- 4- 4- 4- 4-
4-
4-
4- 4- >
4
Purdue .
.... 4
1
Illinois
.. . 4
1
Michigan
.... 3
1
MinUes^ta
2
1
Ohio State
2
1
Indiana
. 3
2
Northwestern ...
. . 2
3
Wisconsin
.. . 1
4
Iowa
. .. 1
4
Chicago
- -
....0
4
ARE YOU GETTING AN
EXPONENT?
"DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Liberty Picks Last “AU—” Grid Squads Players, Not Critics, Select Outstanding FootbaH Feams The last of the season’s numerous “All-Something” football teams has been announced by Liberty magazine. The honorary eleven is known as an All-Players All-America football team. Instead of selecting the players for this honorary squad in the usual manner, that is, according to the votes of sports writers, coaches, and critics, the team was chosen by the players themselves. Conducted by Norman L. Sperb, the poll was taken after each game, when the players rated their opponents on the fundamentals of play. No experts were called in for advice, the winning players being named by the men they played against in 879 of the first-rank games played in the entire country all season. Big Ten Players Two Big Ten players were chosen for the first team, Steve Reid, Northwestern, at guard, ahd Edwin Widseth, Minnesota, at tackle. Wendt of Ohio State, tackle was the only Big Ten man on the second team, while King, Minnesota end, and Hamrick, Ohio State tackle represented the Big Ten on the third team. Three Purdue players were given honorable mention; Burmeister, Isbell, and Drake. Those chosen for the first team were: End—^Lawrence Kelley, Yale. Tackle—^Marcel Chesbro, Colgate. Guard—Stephen Reid, Northwest em. Center—^Michael Basrak, Duquesne. Guard—Joseph Routt, Texas A & M Tackle—^Edwin Widseth, Minnesota End—Gaynell Tinsley, lK>uisiana S, Halfback—^Ray Buivid, Marquette, Halfback—James Cain, Washington Fullback—Sam Francis, Nebraska. Quarterback—Clarence Parker, Duke U. The All-Sectional team was composed of: End—^Wendt, Ohio State. Tackle—^Widseth, Minnesota. Guard—Reid, Northwestern. Center—Sasn'e, Illinois. Guard—Lautar, Notre Dame. Tackle—^Hamrick, Ohio State. End—King, Minnesota. Halfback—Uram, Minnesota. Halfback—^Buivid, Marquette. B\illback—Huffman, Indiana. Quarterback—^Vanzo, Northwestern
Columbia Professor Scores Food Theories Kansas City Mo.—(ACP)—^While speaking to a Kansas City audience. Dr. Milton Bridges, diet expert of Columbia University, knocked the foundation from under the common theories about food. “It has never been recognized by authorities that nature or man has been able to produce anything such as a reducing food,” he said. “The efficiency of fish as a brain food, onions to cure a cold, parsley to increase fluid output, broth for strength, port wine and rusty nails for blood building, celery to soothe the nerves, skim milk and bananas for reducing, and last but not least, an apple a day to keep the doctor away, have been proved without foundation.
FOR Over 50 Years The Leading Drug Store for University People BartlettDrugCo. ^'T^e price is always low’* 306 State Phone 4451
H. BEHRENS Merchant Tailor Suits Ma^e to Order and All Repairs Over Kienly’s Drug Store Lafayette, Ind.
We Sell Parker Pens and PencUs B. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optieian 604 Main StNelt
p
ielder’s choice
.By Bob Wi^poie
Has Illinois a tough quintet? ... you’re quite right, andt uow the Boilermakers are itt a two-way tie fur the Big Ten lead # •. —fo— We can’t say that the Ulini didn’t deserve to win . , , Ouqp played a very level-headed game throughout the entire second half, and rough as the play was on numerous occasions, not one of them lost his temper . . . which is more'^than we can say about Purdue . . . '' —fo— True, there were several obvious fouls that were not called, but they were about even for each team . . . if they had been called, the orowd would have disapproved because the game was slowed up . . . anyway, we meet Illinois again mi their home floor, and what a tussle that will be... —fc— Boooooo to the guy that hit Wib Henry, Illinois’ capable guard, on the head after the game ... no one seems to know who the poor sport was, but to say the least it was a very ungentlemanly thing to do... it’s things like that that give a school a bad name . . . because one or two .unthinking individuals pull a dumb one like that. . . —fc— When Indiana went east to play Manhattan during the Christmas holidays, ciroular advertisements were sent out ahead, ballyhooing the Cream and Crimson as the “Greatest Team In The World,” or some such silly proclamation . . . if so, Purdue and Hlinois are now the “Greatest Teams In The Wqfld” —fc— Because we are inflicted with the things called final examinations, too, this will be the last appearance of this column for a week or so ... in our spare time, we’ll gather in several “Boilermaker Biographies” and have them ready upon our return . .. there ain’t no news on this campus, anyhow, during exams ... be there ???...
CnHumhta tf* Vnd£r43km Cmrimla ^ New York, N, ACF^-^Jnaiti to make drastie ehstfqiea in «ur^ ricula of freshmen and sophomom students at Columbia College havt been placed before the entire faeutty by the sub-compiittee on eurrienlum, which has worked on the course re-shaping project for the past year and one-half. 'The sub-committee proposes that a couTEm in humanities, embracing the study of literatore, philosoplqr, music and the fine arts supplant the now-required English A courseDuring the fireshroan year, students, under this propoi^, would meet four hours weekly for lectures in literature and philosophy and would be required to do reading In conjunction. During the sophohu^e year, students would be reqtd^ed to enroB in concurrent and unified studi^ of the fine arts and music, one hour a week for each subject.
MODERN ^'BOOTSHOP Nunn-Bush and Edgerton \ Shoes for Meii 423 Main St., Lafayette
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBJBRT G. RISK DR. LUTHRR A-RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Plume 5701
r
MEAL ! AS TASTY AS IF COOKED AT HOME
may be had in the Union Cafeteria. A person doesn't have to be urged to want a good meal cooked as it would be at home , . . having just that certain flavor and served steaming hot. The Union Cafeteria is the place on the campus to find a meal cooked like mother's and served hot . . . at a reasonable price, too.
eteua
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION Corner of ofpi' ^
} r f
J
INMir
TKtE PURDUE EXPONENT
HAVE YOUR CLOTHES CLEANED IN INDIANA’S MOST MODERN PLANT Vlbst Side Cleaners
222 North
Pick Up and Delivery Service
Phone 4081
Good Printing—Painless prices. Fast service. Near as your phone. Call 6205. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop» 401 S. 29th street.
Lost—^Pi Kappa Phi pin, jeweled, initials R. A. P., in Fowler Hall Tuesday afternoon. Reward. Call 3904.
For Rent—Double room for boys Phone 76261.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
For Rent—One-half double room, $8. Meals if desired. 439 Harrison street.
Lost—Large brown wallet in Heavilon Hall or Union Building.
Contains valuable papers. Reward. J. W. Ferguson, 301 State street. Phone 4271.
NOTICES No noticM accepted after t iMn.
Gym Lockers—^Lockers may now be purchased for the second semester. Those now holdingr lockers get refund slips at checkout window and take them with $1 to Cashier’s Office in New Administration Building before noon, January 30, 1937 and get receipt. Return this receipt and refund slip to check-out window for renewal. Those wishing to vacate lockers must do so by noon, January 30, or suffer loss of clothing in the locker. —CLEVETT.
Dept, of Applied Mechanics—Condition examinations in Applied Mechanics 1 and 2 will be given in Room 101 of Purdue Hall on Saturday, January SO, 8 to 11 o’clock. —POORMAN.
Pistol Team—No practice until 4 p. m. February 4. Return magazines to supply
room at once.
—KAY.
W. A. A. Badminton—Sign up on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gymnasium before February 8, if you wish to participate in the Badminton tournament. —MAIER.
W. A. A. Basketball—Girls wishing to participate in the intramural basketball
Under The Mirror Book notes from the Browsing Boom
GERMAN ART This is a catalog of paintings, water colors and drawings held under the auspices of the Oberlander Trust, the Carl Schurz Memorial Foundation. This exhibition is now at the Art Institute of Chicago at which place it will remain until January 24. From there it will go to the Brooklyn Museum, to the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, and to the Carnegie Institute at Pittsburgh. Helen Appleton Read lectured here to the members of the Purdue Women’s Club on the subject of German Art as exemplified by this exhibition. To her belongs the credit for the completion of this catalog and for much of the work of collecting these sample of German Art and bringing them to this country. To quote from the introduction by Mrs. Read, “Exhibitions of German art are rarities outside of Germany, and German art with the exception of the Sixteenth Century graphic art and the paintings of Holbein has not been represented with the same degree of authority in American museums and private collections as has been the case with the art of other European countries . . . Despite its inevitable omissions, it is hoped, nevertheless, that the exhibition will accomplish its aim, which has been to assemble a group of paintings and drawings representing German art qualitatively as well as historically. This catalog contains many reproductions in color of these pictures and of others in black and white, a few lines about each artist, and his picture in the exhibit.
tournament must sign up on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gjrm before February 8, —SHAFFER.
Change of Schools—^AIl students desiring to change schools must file application forms in the Registrar’s office before January 23. —STONE.
Purdue Engineer—All freshmen and sophomore members of the editorial staff meet at 4 o’clock January 20 in the office. —BAALS. Vesper Services—There wjll be no Vesper Services until the beginning of next semester. —McEACHRON.
Alpha Phi Omega—Keys are available for paid up new members. Please call for them at room 327, Fowler Hotel, between 6 and 11 p. m. —KREISER.
Gym Lockers—Lockers may now be purchased for the second semester. Those now holding lockers get refund slips at checkout window and take them and $1 to the Cashier’s office in the new Administration Building before noon January 30, 1937, and get receipt. Return this receipt and refund slip to check-out window for renewal. Those wishing to vacate lockers must do so by noon, January 30, or suffer loss of clothing in the locker. —CLEVETT.
Sophomores In Chemical Engineering—All sophomores in the school of chemical engineering are required to attend a meeting to be held in room 106 in the Chemistry Building on Friday, January 22, at 4 p. m. Attendance will be taken at this meeting since important matters concerning the junior year will be presented. The meeting will probably not last more than 15 minutes. —BRAY.
P. I. A. —Meeting of budget committee January 20 at 4 p. m. in office. Please be present and on time. —BUXTON.
Turn Your Assets Into CASH
IF YOU HAVE: Rooms for rent Boarding accommodations Books, clothes, guns, cars—^anything you want tosdl
Let an Exponent Classified Ad Help You Find a Buyer,
CALL 5038
For Detailed Information Concerning Exponent Classified Ad.
Looking Backward January 20, 1936 King George V dies at the age of 70, in Sandringham, England, after an illness of a week.
Indiana’s basketball quintet defeated Wisconsin’s cagers 26 to 24; Minnesota defeated Northwestern,
30- 29; and Michigan defeated Iowa, 31- 27.
January 20, 1932 Minneapolis Symphony, with Eugene Ormandy conducting, plays to “a packed house of 2,000 students.”
January 20, 1927 Changes in the constitution of the Memorial Union were approved by a vote of 686 to 266 at a special stu-
dent convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall.
January 20, 1912 Junior Prom committee makes an nouncement of plans for the annual dance to be held on April 19. Purdue’s Boilermakers defeated Northwestern in their first conference encounter, 31 to 10. The game was rough and several men went out on fouls.
FINAL EXAMINATION SCHEDULE
Period 1 WEDNESDAY JAN. 20,1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Room AD 51 All Ed 101 AE 131 All ---* Ch E 137 All --G101 Ohem 4 All ^-..EEIM Chem 263 All Chem 320 CE 17 All CE 41 A-D CE201 CE 41 E-G OE308 CE 198 All * DH 204 All * Ed 124 All * Ed 155 All * EE 192 All EE 129 Engl B All Univ212 F Mgt 201 —All F Mgt 212 —All Agin Geol 125 All * HA 29 All * ha 130 All HE 109 HA 143 All HE 109 Hort 29 All * Math 171 —All Math 225 All PEW 175 —All MT 6 All SO 211 MT 15 All Phys Ic AU Phys202 Phys 119 All * Phys 122 All * Poul 1 All * PM 12 All G 301,303 PM 17 All._: ----* f PM 38 All G203 Period 2 THURSDAY, JAN. 21, 8-11 A. M. Course Divisions Boom AfiTon 23 —.All — —* aim i23‘::4||-————
Ec 1 C SC 14 Ec 1 D * Ec 11 I ME 3 Ec 117 AU EA208 Ed 1 A,B EE 254 Ed 3a C -Chem 106 Ed 11a All Ed 204 Ed 17 A Ed 208 EE 6 AU EE 129 EE 231 AU * FMgtl Ml SC 211 F Mgt 114 AU Ag 118 For 27 All ME 108 Geol 4 AU Heav208A Geol 107a —AU Heav208A Hist 15 0 * Hist 121 AU * Hort 11 AU * Hort 25 All * Hort 131 AU * IM 37 AU * Math 1 H-N,XH.XI * Math 2 B,XB * Math 9 A * Math 12 G-K * ME 194 All ME 207 ML 125 AU * ML 149a AU * PE 13 AU -GlOl PE 33 AU GlOl Ph O 131 AU * Ph C 221 AU * Phar 11 AU PharSll Phar 20 AU * Phys 2 AU Phys 205 Phys 22 AU Phys 202 PM 11 A,D CE 308,309,-* Period 3 THURSDAY, JAN. 21, 1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Room Agron 15 AU * A H141 AU * Ch E 105 AU Ch E 126 AU Heav202 Ch E 215 AU * Chem 1 M-S —Ed 101 Chem 1 -T-V Ed 201 Chem 1 W-Y CE201 Chem 1 Z,AA,AB ME 108
Chem 1 AC, AD GlOl Chem 29 B ME 207 Chem 119 AU * CE 111 AU CE206 CE 143 AU * CE 153 AU * CE 163 AU * CE 165 AU * CE 175 AU CE204 Ec 1 E,XE EE 254 Ec 1 F EA208 Ec 113 AU * Ed 1 G SC 14 Ed 1 H Chem 106 Ed 3a D * Ed 112 AU Ed 208 EE 4 AU * EE 7 AU EE 129 Engl 14 S * Engl 16 A,B * Engl 124 AU * F Mgt 107 —AU * For 9 AU * GE 107 AU ME 103 HA 7 A * HA 7 B HE 108 Hist 2 A,B Phys 202 Hist 15 A,B * Hist 106 A * Math 3 R-T * Math 4 B * Math 12 A,B,XA, XB * Math 117 AU * ME 31 C ME 301 ME 94 AU * ME 95 A * ME 143 AU * ML 23 B * ML 43 B * ML 56 A * ML 55 B Pur 212 MT. 55 0 Pur 111 ML 55 XC * ML 63 B * PEW 61 A-B-. .SC 211 PhC 117 —All * Phar 81 AU * Phys 9 AU * Poul 25 All-—- * PM 16 A,B—CE308,301,304
Period 4 FRIDAY, JAN. 22, 8-11 A. M. Course Divisions Room AH 4 AU Ag 104,117,118 AH 7 AU Ag 103,206,209 AH 112 AU * AM 1 J,XJ,K * B 30 AU * ChE 219 AU Heav 108 Chem 29 A * Chem 29a A SC 211 Chem 29a B G101 Chem 29b AU CE201 Chem 105 AU J;E129 Chem 181 —AU * Chem 279 AU * C&T 24 AU * DH 109 AU Sm 112 Ec 11 D,P Phys 202 Ec 125 XA * Ec 125 A,B Phys 202 Ed 1 F Ed 201 Ed 3a B Ed 204 Ed 75 D Ed 208 Ed 154 AU * EE 23 AU * EE no AU * EE 150 —All * EE 188 AU * Engl 14 R * Engl 108 AU * Engl 115 AU » Engl 116 —-A,B * Engl 125 -—All * E&N 11 AU HE 202,213 F&N 19 AU HE 108 For 6 AU * GE 104 C * Geol 6 A- Heav 202 Hist 115 AU * Hort 24 AU * IM 36 AU » IM 141 All--*- HE 109 Math 0 A,B,XA * Math 2 F * Math 3 —LK-Q,XK * Math 4 —!-D,E * Math 0 G,D *
Math 105 AU * Math 161 AU * ^ ^ F-Q ME30ni2 ME 90 : A * ME 91 AU * ME 93 AU * ME 120 AU ril * ML 23 C * ML 43 C * -I-Hd 202 PM 11 B,C CE 101,308,-* Period 5 FRIDAY, JAN. 22,1-4 P. M. Conrse Divisions Boom AD 65 AU » AD 104 AU “■* ^ 7—-AE 202 AH 108 AU Ag^ll?, 118,104 B3 All SC 14 Chem r AE,AS-AZ, ion BA,BB,BE Ed 101,201 ^em 109c —All , Chem 320 CE 6 A- CElOl f -EE 129 ^ 5'E CE308 CE 6 H,I ME 207 CE 6 J GlOl Ed 17 B * Ed 50 All * Engl 14 M,P R"ec 313 Engl 14 N,0 * Engl 19 F ..—EE 254 Engl 106 All Univ 109 Engl 111 AU * Engl 121a —AU *■ Engl 137 AU * Gov 119 All "* Hist 1 A,XC * —?;9 ME 108 Math 221 —AU , * ME 129 AU ■■* ML 127 AU ML 176 AU ""■# Sm Iv ®02il MT 17 AU * Phys lb -—AU Phys'^2