< ’ I' , \ ■ " , , ' *” ’> . , . . > ' . e '
if i-y '
. * r.^ -j, fu »Y / 'f-" ’"”>-
D6n*t Miss TheYellowj 0og Election Issue- Nov. 4 Nor Today’s Editorial
JOaf/y Swc^ /906
Volume 52, No. 44
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, October 30, 1940
CONSCRIPTION DRAWING HITS STUDENTS, FACULTY
Six Co-eds Chosen From Thirty-three Contestants For , Lodde Speech Finals The semi-finals for the thirteenth annual Lodde Speech contest were held last night in University Hall. Due to the large number of freshman co-eds entering the contest this year, the number of semi-finalists Qjcceeded that of former years. Over 200 girls were in the preliminaries, twice the usual number.
I
________________________________ 33 Make Semi-Finals
Basic Military And Band Buy Military Ball Tickets Today
Today Military Ball tickets will be sold from 12:30 to 4:30 p. m. to basic military students and band members; to seniors tomorrow, and the remainder of the student body Friday,, until the 760 limit is reached. Students must present their passports when buying tickets; they will be required to sign their names on their tickets where and when they are purchased. Signed tickets and passports will be required for admission to the dance. Tickets went on sale yesterday, at 4:30 p. m. on the second floor of the armory, to juniors and seniors in advanced military, band officers Jand organized reserves. j.f.z.
There were 33 co-eds in the semifinals. Of those,' seven girls were chosen for the finals. These are: Gwendolyn R e t z 1 o f f, Bernadine Lamb, Betty Wedge, Mary Jane Dayton, Betty Lou Wallace, Ann Ostrander, and Mabel Vaughn. The judges for the finals are to be announced sometime the end of this
week or the first of next.
This year a cup will be given to the girl winning the contest, besides the cup awarded to the organization winning the most points. Every co-ed house on campus was represented, including the two freshman
residence halls.
Finals Next Tuesday The finals will be held in the Home Economics Auditorium next Tuesday. The final speeches usually last from ten to fifteen minutes, while the preliminaries are from three to five minutes in length. Members of the speech department are acting as judges, using as a basis for judging, delivery, poise and subject matter.
Carl NobleWill Play For "Election Mixer^ Saturday In Union “Music Styled the Noble Way” will be the feature of the Union’s “Election Mixer” this Saturday evening in the South ballroom. Carl Noble, former University student, will direct his 12 piece orchestra from the piano in his distinctive style of modern swing on the subdued, melodic side. 1 Noble organized his present band, featuring the voices of Marian Lee, swingstress, and Francis Carpenter, tenor, after six years of experience as professional pianist and band leader, which began when he left the University in 1931. After three years with Charley Straight’s band in Chicago, he played on the twopiano team of Noble and Donnelly over CBS and WGN, and later on RKO. In 1935 he formed the Gold Coasters and played throughout the mid-dle-west, including a mixer here, and in 1937 toured the East as accompanist an<i arranger for Gloria Grafton, star of Billy Rose’s “Jumbo.” A Phi Delta Theta and member of the Old Gold and Black Aces here in 1930 and 1931, he married Charlene York, Pi Phi and University graduate, in 1933. At present he is program director of WLBC in Muncie.' m.k.b.
Dick Cisne To Play For Gold Digger's Friday, Novembers Dick Cisne and his orchestra have been engaged to play for this year’s Gold Digger’s dance to be held in both ballrooms of the Union, Friday, November 8. The announcement of the orchestra was made yesterday by Alice Newton, WSGA social chairman, in charge of arrangements for the dance. Tickets for this first co-ed bid dance of the semester will go on sale today in all residence halls and sorority and co-op houses. The tickets are selling for one dollar. Beauty Contest A stub is attached to each ticket which will enable the co-eds to vote for the two most eligible bachelors on the campus. The stubs are to be turned in at the door the night of the dance. Two appropriate! awards will be made to the winners of the contest. Cis^e and his band have the distinction of being the most extensively traveled dance band today. They will come here from an engagement at the Colony Club in Chicago. Featured with the band will be vocalists Marilyn Duty and Red Miller and the drummer Bill Walters, r.r.
Mixer Maestro
. . Dick Cisne
; n New Parent Group Exponent Editorial Staff Announces Frosh Call-Out Meets To Discuss n * ci« 111 JII Iiufiiii Juniors, Seniors Will Talk To Freshmen Toachino Problems
Dr. Gustav Egloff Wood Hall Will Have A* T .111At Meeting Tomorrow In Union Office Convention Features
Talks, Campus Tour
. . . will speak tomorrow night at ^ 7:30 in the Music Hall in i the first of a series of lectures concerning the national defense program. This inaugural speech will concern the place of the petroleum industry in the nation’s preparedness plan.
Ceres
... honorary agronomy and gen- \ eral agriculture fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men: M. S. Allman, Summit- ^ ville; L. D. Bowman, Flora; C.yW. Carmichael, Marshall; E. L. (lallahan, Rushville; R. E. McBride, V Jasonville; J. W. Chester, Valparaiso, and J. M. Maish, Frank- , fort. T. W. Hayes, Bainbridge; R. E. Ortman, Kokomo; R. B. Keene, Hobart; A. E. Royer, Coalmont; O. W. Luetkemeier, Edwardsport; John ^ Walley, Fort Wayne; G. W. Thias, Seymour, and Jim Walley, Port Wayne. r.r.b.
Frat Trade Dinners This year, for the first time on this campus, the girls living in the Women’s Residence Halls will have trade dinners with the various fraternities. Wood Hall will hold their first one this evening with a group of ten fraternities, including Delta Tau Delta, Theta Chi, Sigma Nu, Pi Kappa Alpha, Phi Kappa, Pi Kappa Phi, Theta Xi, Delta Chi, Acacia and Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Mary Lou Laswell, Wood Hall, and Fred DeWitt, Theta Clii, are in charge. About half of the girls will go to the fraternities and the other half will remain at the hall. At the regular Thursday night dinner the Residence halls have planned a Hallowe’en party complete with costumes and prizes. If it is as successful as those of yester years it will be both interest-
ing and amusing, j.h.
University freshmen interested in the editorial side of a newspaper will be welcomed into the working ranks of the Exponent staff tomorrow afternoon at 4:15 o’clock in the Union Exponent offices when senior and junior editorial officials will give the embryo journalists the who, what, when, where, why and how of a 4-year course in Exponent. This call-out will include fresh-
men men and women, with D. K. Heiple, managing editor, in charge of the men, and Beth Simpson, co-ed editor, taking over the co-eds.
Be There
Women Fencers Parry, Feint, Lunge Reviving Ancient Yet Modern Sport
I “Ope, two, three, lunge!” ^ Graceful figures, or those that are rapidly becoming so, can be seen lunging vigorously at the staunch * walls of the Woman’s Gymnasium on any Tuesday or Friday afternoon. Disguise Wire masks and heavy padding effectively disguise and protect the ^ co-eds who are struggling with the intricate positions and agile, lightning movements associated with this ancient yet modem sport, b Miss Marjorie Case is everywhere directing attacks, thrusts, parries, and lunges, or explaining the feint, a false movement used to make the adversary believe it is really a thrust. ^ Knights Of Old ^ Like knights of old, these girl jousters salqte, assume the “en garde” position and^struggle to * make a “touche”. Thm is accom-
panied when the fencer’s weapon hits a valid point in such a way that, if the weapon were not dulled, it would pierce the target. One of the objectives is to catch the weak point of the opponent’s blade on thdl strong part of their own. The fascinating clash of steel on steel is heard as one opponent makes a reposte, an attack after a parry. 4 Strange and not easily ma^tere^ is the power of a simple flex of the wrist against the advancing blade. The girls find this sport a thrilling and exciting pastime, even if it has a bothersome way of stiffening muscles and joints. They are enthusiastically planning a club which is to be affiliated with either WAA or the men’s fencing organ^ization, the Silver'Mask. For all you who have a yen to thrust a blade, it’s a ^rand opportunity. m.1.1.
Playshop Lab Group To Present 2 One-Ad Plays Qn November 8 'Suppressed Desires/ Farce, 'Skiol' Scheduled The Laboratory Group of Play-
shop will present two one-act plays on November 8. This portion of Playshop is designed to give students a chance to gain experience in dramatics and to try out new methods of lighting and settings. All plays produced *by the Lab Theatre are student directed and managed. Those students who hate had parts in major Playshop productions are not,eligible to act in the Laboratory Group plays. Harold
Martin is in charge of the group. For their first production of the
year, the group is presenting a farce and a tragedy. The farce, “Suppressed Desires,” is being directed by Betty Erick and the tragedy, “Skiol,” is being directed by Bill
Heath.
The farce, written by Susan Glasp^ll and George Cram Cook, centers around a woman who believes Qveryoiie she knows should consult a psychoanalyst. Trena Torrenga plays the part of the woman, Henrietta, and George Osbom plays the part of Steve, her husband. The part of\the woman’s sister, Mable, will be played by Lillian Deisch. The cast for “Skiol,” the Norwegian cry of farewell, has not been announced. . All rehearsals have been scheduled and crews are being called out. m.j.f. ^ /
Freshmen are urged to attend this initial meeting of their staff, as then an<i only then will the organization and workings of the various staffs and their effects on the product, the paper, be fully explained. Elected staff members will make these talks. Freshmen will also have an opportunity to meet junior and senior members of the staff at this meeting. Experience Unnecessary All freshmen are invited to attend the meeting, Heiple said last night, and need not “hang back” because of lack of journalistic experience. ' A training school of approximately two weeks is in the immediate offing for freshmen who wish to join the staff. This will consist of definite study, discussion and consideration of newspaper copy writing in all its aspects, headline writing, covering I “beats” and news sources on campus. Humor Needed Requirements for the WQuld-be Exponeifi freshnlan workers, both man and co-ed, include a lively sense of humor, a spirit of cooperation, a deeply rooted sense of responsibility and a good-fellow attitude. “If you can take it, and want to get to know everyone and everything worth knowing on campus, we’ll see yo.u at the meeting tomorrow afternoon,” Heiple said last night in summing up pre-meeting information td freshmen, j.a.p.
Hall, Cheesman, Burger Head List Of First Draftees Here Dr. F. M. Hall, Assistant Medical Adviser at the Student Health Service, John D. Cheesman, Trade and Industrial Engineering, ’43, and Robert ly. Burger, Science, ’42, were three of the first men from the second area to have been effected by the Selective Service draft. Their numbers were drawn at a ceremony reminiscent of one in 1917, when a few of the 8,500 numbers were drawn from the historic fishbowl for the first draft the nation had ever experienced. This time, too, the capsules, containing numbers for order of service, were drawn
from that fishbowl.
___________________________________ The drawing was held yesterday,
11 a. m., Chicago time, and Secretary of War Stimsori, officiated. 'The numbers drawn in the lottery determine the order by which men will be required to report at registration headquarters to fill out ques-
tionnaires.
How They Serve Their respective draft boards will decide how they will be able to serve their country best, be it by remaining in a vital civilian occupation, by remaining at home to support dependents, or by entering military service for a year or more of training andj in case of war, for the defense of the country. By midnight last night, the order to report to draft boards was established throughout the country. Dr. Hall will serve in the medical corp of the army. The two students who have been called will be allowed to defer draft until July 14, - 1941, thus allowing them to complete their year here. The first twenty numbers called in the lottery, in theijr order of call, are numbers 158, 192, 8239, 6620, 6685, 4779, 8848, 6262, 6837, 8946, 4880, 8130, 5485, 5376, 4928, 105, 6892,6604,7674, and 6282. Lafayette Draftees Eighteen men, other than the two students previously named, in Lafayette and its vicmity for, the first call of the draft are: Gerald 3. Banker, Ray H. Butler, Edgar D. Randolph, Fred A. Clark, Phillip M. Hornbeck, Wilbur P. Laxton, Charles W. Harbough, Perry G. Bennet, Gerbin A. Goris and John
W. Perty.
Orvid C. Emmerson, Kenneth C. Cooper, Walter G. Rhowedder, Herman C. Bray, Harold J. DeBoy, Luther M. Tull, Marion Kincaid and Ira H. Reynolds. It is expected that not more than 760 men will be affected by the draft in this state.
jff.z.
Alpha Chi Alumnae Entertain Counselor Mrs. R. B. Rutledge, a member of the Alpha Chi Omega National Council, and Dean D. C. Stratton were entertained by the alumnae chapter of Alpha Chi at a dinner last eveningNat 6:30 o’clock in the old Chestnut Room of the Union. The national counselor, from Tulsa, Oklahoma, has been on campus since Sunday and is going to attend the Regional Pan-HeUenie Meeting in Bloomington. Mrs. W. J. Luzadder, president of the Alpha Chi alumnae chapter, Mrs. Rutledge, and Dean Stratton were the speakers at the dioner- mz. CLUB HEARS HISTORY OF MOIjTON RAILROAD Prof. P. F. Har^»iive of the hisr tory, economics and government department, will address a meeting of the Purdue Model Railroad Club this Friday at 8 o’clock in room 304 of the Union. Hargravb is the author of a book on the history of the Monon, one of Indiana’s pioneer railjroads, and will discuss that subject in his talk. All people interested are invited by the club to attend this open meeting. j.h.a.
Parents institute, conducted by the school of home economics, opens this morning with registration at 9:30 o’clock in the auditorium of the home economics building. The program is brought to the public by the department working in collaboration with the Indiana Congress
of Parents and Teachers.
The opening address will be given by Mrs. James L. Murray. The objectives of parent education will be discussed by Dr. Marion L. Mattson, director of nursery schools. In the afternoon H. E. Wilkening, department of physical education for men, will talk on the problem of marriage courses in high schools and colleges. Activities for the afternoon will come to a close with a tour of inspection of the campus.
Visiting Thursday
Thursday morning will be devoted almost entirely to visiting various home economics classes. At 10 o’clock Dean Dorothy C. Stratton will tell about “Letters to a Dean.” Thursday afternoon A. P. Stewart will discuss the question of music appropriate for parent - teacher meetings. Other speakers of the afternoon will be Dr. Mary K. Ade, physician, on “Keeping the Family Healthy,” and Dr. F. B. Knight, director of division of education and applied psychology, whose topic will be “Train for S^lf-respect.” A general discussion under the leadership of Mrs. Harry Bain will bring the
meeting to a close.
The conference is open to the general public and there is no registration fee. w.'m.c. ^ , Convo Tickets . . . will be available to the general public tomorrow and will be sold at the cashier’s office in thn Executive Building. The tickets will be good for the remainder of the season, which will include nine scheduled events, and are priced at
$4.60 each. r.r.b.'Tx^%f-r r O * .
#
I
PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday'. October 30. 1940
Jjumli^ JoUl
Dear Son: First let me say •that I hope the time will never come in the relationship between your parents and you in which you will feel free to “get anything off your chest.” Indeed, since your letter brought up the broad subject of living, I think that open and free discussion of all subjects, particularly national ones, is thf strongest bulwark that I can possibly mention for the future liberty of this country and for the solving of just such problems as you raise. You speak about having your “nose in the books,” and while that is important in order to get the basic training for earning your living, yet I am disappointed if you and your fellows do not get together in the Union, your ' fraternity houses, or in your activities, and hate what we used to call “bull sessions.” While you may not be able to decide many things, yet I do,think that when you young fellows get into college you ought to continue the free-for-all discussions that you remember we had around our own table almost from the time that you and your brother learned to talk. Naturally, with the recent registration and the approaching conscription, together with the war in Europe, you are thinking about war, and I did not mean to be too severe when I called you “unpatriotic” in my last letter, because of your stand against war. I think we are all against war and the youth of the world, who in the past have fought most of the wars, should be vociferous against it. War is a great waste of men and material but I don’t think that you can blame me and my generation for the present outbreak. Wars have been breaking out periodically since the beginning of time. They are a natural outgrowth of our economic set-up. Just as are the depressions and the booms. We thought about all these things when my generation was your age and when we entered upon the great war in 1917 we really believed that we were going forth to “save the world for democracy.” It was a war to end war but now we know that it was just another war. We thought the League of Nations was a good idea but it didn’t work out as experience has proven. Perhaps General Pershing was right when he wanted to march right into the central powers and settle the whole thing right there while we had the chance. You say to me that I urged you to choose a practical education. Yes, I did. I am not a millionaire. You have to earn your living and there is nothing that is going to make you unhappier than in not having a job, or in working so hard that you cannot go on with the discussion like you and I are having right now. Have you not told me that Purdue has put in five year curricula for the engineering student, this fifth year to consist of non-technical electives, so that you can broaden your education ? It seems to me that this is evidence of my generation’s efforts toward broadening your viewpoint. Of course, you cannot take advantage of this curricula because of your finances but your mother and I both hope that your education will not stop with your graduation next June. We expect you to go, on learning and indeed never finishing your education, always remaining a student in spirit. Your criticism of business and employers is a little unjust, son, in view of all that they have done to build up a scale of living that has never been approached by any other nation in the history of the world. While many say that this has been done by the stimulus of the profit motive, let me rather say to you that my observation has been that the central motive of American business has been to give service. The corollary of this is that he who gives the best service makes the most money. f Service is uppermost in the minds of most of our broad-gauged American business men. Finally, here in this country, the constitution provided that the church and the state should be separate and that denominational religion should not enter into the public school system of the nation; so naturally your instructors in your land grant school do not preach to you
The Purdue Exponent Satered te Bteand elaas matter at the post oAee in La)>~ fayette, Indiana, under the adt 6i Congress of Maren S, 1879, and at the special rafe Of postage provided for' fu section 1108, aet of October 8, 1917, anthorised January 80. 1992. r^ublished daily except Monday during the reOulSir academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by eai^er for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-in-ChM K. W. Denahne Business Msnagsr Jderle Hagemeyer
Mews Editor.
Publication Staff
J. H. McKee ._J>. K. Heiple
Managing Editor _ ... , AsBociate Editors: We E. Heston, Ns A* Ochiltree, Js A# Purcell, L. W. Ruftner, B. M. Slcallerup, J. L. Tratigott.
Business Staff
Local Advertising Managers: 1). S Powers, G. G. Landem, Promotion Manager, C. E. Danglemajer; Ac^nnts Manager, B. J. Sha^ord; Circulation Manager, B. M.
Reckten^ald Co-ed Staff
Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
Siess.
Sports Staff Editor — J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. ' Phones: Ediorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Heiple Ass’t Night Editor- Amos Night Sports Editor: Adamson Sophomores: J F Zmski, W M Clark, M J Fox J Horr, E W Nordhnger, R E Bozell, M K. Boynton, M Fuller, B Schwarm, N Zachary, M L Losey, R R Runnion C A Stoeckel, J R Galloway
Letter To The Editor
Dear Sirs: Since the topic of discussion this week seems to be the so-called "robbery” which took place last week-end with regard to Homecoming decorations, we feel that we are not out of place in reopening'the "dead” issue and discussing it. We had been trying to forget the sad incident and let by-gones be by-
gones, but since others chose to discuss our decoration in a manner that we didn’t particularly care for, we feel that we are justified in making a few casual remarks. In the first place, as tq originality, we and we alone tried it once before, but had no water flowing so it was not a wkterfall, but merely an attempt at one. -As to appropnateness, execution of design, and simplicity, what could be more appropriate than a
The Ratio
S'** Coliimii
A man gropes around in a fish bowl He draws a number. The judges read it. A woman screams Number one five eight wins a pair of khaki breeches Either too big or too small. ii< * Out of the 16,500,000 mothers m this country, the one of the first draftee out of that little fish bowl had to be present. While outside the building, his father did sentry duty with the national guard The irony of fate. * * 4* What we would like to know is whether you would say that that fellow was drafted Or shafted. This lottery is sure different from the Irish sweepstakes Everybody wins Sooner or later And there aren’t any fake tickets. Or blanks. * * * Looks like Uncle Sam has our number. * * * In Europe now they have a little numbers game going too The odds are two to one against Greece But they only number in the hundred thousands For real figures there are the Turkish two million Bayonets Which are standing ready The Turks say There is some obscurity though As to whether there are two million soldiers behind those bayonets Or each man has a couple extra. * * * They are doing a lot of traveling over there these days also All the big shots are whipping over to see all the other big shots What we want to know is With all the Turkish bigwigs m Russia, ^d all the Muscovite shots in Germany And all of Hitler’s little men in Italy. And the British keeping their mouths shut sic # Who in the hell they find to talk Turkey with —dkh the true aspects of Christianity, but I do hope that by their living they demonstrate these. But neither the war in Europe nor the separation of church and state means that the institution of Christianity is dormant. While Christianity apparently has gone out the backdoor in some of the ruling nations, yet I look for its return with increasing power, and I hope that you will never forget the principles of consideration of your fellowman which, to my mind, is the essence of Christiaiiity. Ending this way, I feel that I have preached a regular sermon to you but you have brought it upon yourself. Anyhow, hash this thing over m your mind but, be practical in your thinking. Don’t be misled by the light of false idealism when it’s the light of practicality you’ll be living by, and when you come home for that week-end in November you and I may have soYne points to lay on the tables. Your Dad.
8.93 • •• fo 1
We have with us today a pm story to end all pm stories. Sa|;urday night, Kappa Patty Lackamp walked, or should we say wandered into the Kappa House come one o’clock wondering whose Phi Delt pin she was wearing. It was initialed R. A. S. on the back but she still couldn’t remember when and how she had gotten it. These weren’t even the initials of her date. Spooks Well, the spirit of Hallowe’en is on us once more, and the Alpha Chis really have the bug. Half the cha^ ter headed by Helen Richey, Jane Ramsey, Dotty Sieb, and their pal, Ann Slocum, led organized attacks on the windows and automobile tires of the SPE’s, Lamba Chis, and the AGR’s. Their spirits, however, were effectively and literally, and I do mean literally, dampened by well aimed buckets of water from the windows of the Sig Ep House and an excellently operated host m the yard. It was all in the spirit of good clean fun and only one casualty was reported. Miriam Gustafson sprained her ankle while making the two hundred yard dash back to the Alpha Chi House and had to be carried the rest of the way by big John Petty. There’s some good in every situation, isn’t there ? Eulogy? By the way, did anybody notice the good performance turned in by Sis Taylor in the last Playshop production*’ According to the writeups of the play, she wasn’t even in it That girl deserves a lot of credit for the job she did It Can Happen Here The unbelievable happened today when Nancy Cooper was heaid yelling for a woman instead of a man in the sweet shop. Turning over a new leaf, Nancy?
ARC
-LAST TIMES TODAY—
m wHh radio Ptchir* VIRGINIAVALE-DICKNOeAN
ALSO-
LAST CHAPTER 'TERRY and the PIRATES'
-THURS. - FRI. - SAT.TEX RITTER In 'Cowboy From Sundown" Wm. HENRY in "EMERGENCY SQUAD
'RED RYDER" Serial
PATHE NEWS—CARTOON
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“But it’s supposed to look like it’s about to fall!”
We would like to congratulate the patient people who stand and watch the steam shovel excavate. They were finally rewarded the other day by seeing the boom fall into the excavation. We’ve wondered what they were waiting for and now we know.
Gehrge Paskvail, Badger fullback, was held to a net gain of 12 yards m nine cracks at Purdue’s line.
Purdue averaged exactly five yards a crack on runmng plays from scrimmage against Wisconsin, netting 265 yards on 53 attempts.
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT. n»flUN6...R0MANnC JIDVEMTUBEI IMM Artbft pracMf
ION HALL I LYNN BARI Dm MIDREWS
LUMA LAST DAY—2 HITS—
ANN SOTHERN
PLUS
Nancy Kelly - Hugh Herbert — in — "PRIVATE AFFAIRS"
-THURS. - FRI. - SAT.iLL//
PLUS
HctoBEB
;thuni
—LAST TIMES TODAY— THEY AAADE HIM FAMOUS ...HE MADE THEM MEM
PAT O’BRIEN GALE PAGE • RONALD REAGAN • OONALO CAMP
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
O.SO&IOW
John 'Batrtfnwte •pROflLE" with Mary Beth Hughes • Gregory Ratofl John Payne • Anne Baxter • Lionel Atwill
beautiful waterfall to greet the eyes of the homecoming alumni. Our execution of design, which was a true engineering feat, took long hours of hard work, and simplicity was the very theme of our exhibit. \ In conclusion, we are content to drop the matter because after all we constructed the display pnmarily for the pleasure of our alumni, who, along with our frienda and the general public were so well pleased that we consider our efforts a success.
EYEBROWS . . . play such an important' part in your facial expression. Without them faces would be complete blanks. Improperly shaped they give various bixzare effects. On all Mondays, Tuesdays and Wednesdays during Nov« ember we will reshape your brows, as you should wear them for 35c instead of the regular 50c. Fran s Beauty Salon
Room 205 Schultz Bldg
Phone 4420
— TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE
GARY COOPER CLAUDETTE COLBERT in BLUEBEARD'S EIGHTH WIFE — PLUS — HER lUNGLE LOVE with DOROTHY LAMOUR RAY MILCaND
Starts TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITSI Ho worrfoo Afmsefl nutty... K—pIng hl» famUy happyl
LEON ERROL *Mi|8 Pum*WaltM CatMt — PLUS — THE COURAGEOUS Dr. CHRISTIAN — WITH — lEAN HERSHOLT
— NEXT WEEK — We Rerurn to Our Policy of Showing Now First Run Hit Attroctions Ij^Q^ , , THEY KNEW WHAT THEY WANTED -
h
it-
i8s
I’l
•TV
)(»
l'*
"tl^xpomnJt SfitMi fiaqn
Wednesday, October 30, 1940
^.' ‘-^\l ^iA-/
iteu
'' - rV'>^'
Chief Clevett, Intramural Leader, Spends Tiipe On Golf Course And Squash Courts
Finally Found ^ It was at this last point that we finally found him, showing the younger generation how the game should be played. Untiring, he combined slams, trick shots, and canny playing to run his fledgelings from side to side in an effort to condition them for the coming season. To a query concerning the team’s prospects this year, the genial mentor replied, “They afe about as good as last year. We have a number of sophomores coming up, but as yet I don’t know how good they are.” Last year the Riveter racquet wielders played 17 games and won nine. “The season won’t start until after Thanksgiving,” continued Clevett, “and until then most positions on the team are wide open.” He remarked that the first match will probably be with the Army Air Corps in Dayton, Ohio, followed by a contest with the YMCA-there. He also mentioned that Dave Blitz, a former squad member had organized a team in Springfield and was desirous of a match during their sojourn in the Buckeye state.
Ineligibility Hurts Ineligibility has put a^ dent in the squash team this year and only four veterans ar6 back to form the nucleus of the present squad: namely, Captain Jim Mann, Paul Smith, D. M. McMillan, and J. E. Pant. The three top men on the freshman varsity last year were Kalbfieisch. Green, and Goldstein. None of these boys played until they entered school last fall, but they have developed and will be out to give the lettermen a run for their money.
Fraternity Bowling
American
hm the Service you need!
Students— FINISHED LAUNDRY 4>y2 lbs $1.26
10% discount on all laundry at our west side office.
Phone sons
Cords, eleaned and tinted 60c Shoes, half soles 69c up Rubber Heels 40c
We pick up and Deliver!
American
Add Zest to Your Daily Life
Chew Delicious
doublemint gum
It tVia easY way to g®t a
Icmg-lasting . . .jyai heat dafly Helps And cHe^g ^rtw^slon. Aids yout relieve j Jjps sweeten yout Htealh
digestion, too, i£-ctive.
and keep your ithiul, reiteshing
Treat youtseli to Healtniui, p'OOTIJMINT GUM every day.
Same Lineup To Open Against towa Next Saturday
By Bud Spofford
Looking for a needle in a haystack is nothing compared to tracking down .the busiest jnan in the athletic department— “Chief” Clevett. With his intramural office as a pivot point, the “Chief” circulates from the new gplf course that is being built, to the squash courts, where he coaches in the afternoon.
Purdue is not the .team on which
Elward 'Stands Pat' On Starting
An* Irjsl Illusion
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
The Union-sponsored fraternity bowling league will rolLtheir second matches on the Union alleys tonight. Bracket A—6:80 p. m. Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Triangle. Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Kappa Tau. P,hi Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Nu. Phi Delta Theta vs. Tau Kappa Et>silon. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Bracket B—8:45 p. m. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Acacia. Phi Gamma Delta vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Delta Upsilon' vs. Beta Theta Pi. Theta Xi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi. Delta Tau Delta vs. Theta Chi.
Voltaire dnce wrote that he might not agree with what another person said, but he would defend to the death his right to say it. That intelligent plug for the right of free speech might not receive much applause in this country today, despite the fact that its blessings are secured to us by law; but that old Frenchman’s ideal goes in this paper one hundred percent, especially when this writer is concerned; so, nice going. Theta Chi’s. —I-I— I only wish there were more readers like the Theta Chi lads, who are not afraid to let persons know what they think of our frail journalistic efforts; so again I congratulate the modem Greek decoration winners on their retaliatory remarks. Boy, how you guys can bum ’em in! However, I still think Fm right— and I positively know you know you think you are correct. -1-1— Now we can cease our dickering and get behind one mutual affection, our erratic football squad. No, our team can’t win any national championships, cop any conference titles, nor set any scoring records; however, Mai Elward’s charges can finish the season with a .500 average. And the four remaining teams include three of the nation’s top ranking elevens.
to place your left-over Tdlowance; however, such a club is more than interesting, because you know that some Saturday, it’s going to rise up and toss some haughty opponent on its left—and right ear. And that, deah readers, is exactly what I expect Purdue to accomplish at Iowa, Minnesota, and Fordham. -1-1— At the start of the present season, I made the silly prediction that Purdue wouldn’t lose a game, and as far as my own ego is concerned . I’m more than satisfied. Purdue has lost only on the score board, but I know who has possessed the best team, and it hasn’t been Ohio, Mich., or Wisconsin. Statistics don’t lie.
Selections; Lauds Team's Spirit
(Conceding nothing to the Monday Morning Quarterback Clubs, or any other organization who casts disparaging remarks at his footballers, Mai Elward staunchly maintains the same lineup which went down in glorious defeat before the Badgers of Wisconsin last Saturday will again take the field. He believes it to be the most foilhidable lineup that he can muster with the squad hampered by such an imposing list of injuries, and will ‘stand pat” on this group as the battle guns with which he hopes to bombard Iowa this coming week-end. Combs May Start , ———
-I-I-
A catastrophe has befallen the -freshman football squad. It has lost its best long distant kicker and short passer. Bill Fields. Yesterday, Bill was sentenced to St. Elizabeth’s hospital because of a brain concussion received in the inter-f rqsh game on homecoming day, in v^hich he was ohe of the backfield stars. Bill has made remarkable improvement during the fall drill after a discouraging high school career. —I-I— And if people don’t quit breaking noses on this campus, both athletic and otherwise. Dr. Miller will start a new course on the ability to lead-with-the-nose, and get away.
Activity Interviews
. . . are now being conducted by WSGA to aid freshman co-eds in selecting an activity. Freshmen women will be notified by mail for the time of their appointments. Past activities in high school and individual fields of interest will be the basis of the interviews. June Close is chairman of the committee. m.f.
The only change in the Boilermaker starters when" they take the field at the Iowa City Homecoming will probably be Bill Combs, aggressive junior end . from Lowell. Bill had to relinquish his customary berth to Forrest MclCaffrey in the tilt with Stuhldreher’s forces due to a painful nose injury. The newly formed backfield unit of Tex Smerke, Red Carter, Tony Berto, and John Petty continued to function together in practice sessions yesterday afternoon and seems to have emerged from the “Frank Merriwell” in fine physical and mental shape. Out To Win When the players and coaches depart for the land of tall com on Thursday night, they will carry with them an incentive for victory which is two-fold in purpose. Foremost in their minds will be an anxious spirit to redeem some of the prestige lost in two conference encounters this year. But the other intention reverts back to last season when the Riveters successfully bottled up the brilliant Nile Kinnick and the remainder of Dr. Eddie Anderson’s bunch of “Iron Men” effectively, only to have two safeties provide a rather frail and ignoble margin of superiority^ for t^e visiting Hawks.
SERVICE...
For quick service . . . for speedy results . . . have your dinner in the COFFEE SHOP. Whether you are looking for new dishes or improved old ones . . . whether you are looking for a complete i;neal or a snack between classes, drop in the COFFEE SHOP and you will be sure to find the answer to all of your problems.
Quick service, good food, pleasant surroundings and moderate price are the outstanding features of the COFFEE SHOP.
^ A- 'J
THE COFFEE SHOP
In the North Hall of First Floor
TThunjo'iiaL Tinjum,
The Comer of the Campus-' Yet the Center of Activities
It is evident by comparative statistics that the Elw^d-coached eleven is improving as the campaign matures, forUgainst Wisconsin a precision running attack garnered an average of five yards per attempt at the brawny Red and White Kne. In addition to this, the encounter of the past week-end forcefully asserted the fket that punting is far from being a lost cause. Big John Petty demonstrated his proficiency at booting the pigskin and made his efforts important as an offensive weapon. L6ave Thursday After'reviewing the Iowa plays and formations, the team went ■through a short scrimmage. They have three more days of intensive preparatimi for the battle with the Iowa lads, after which they will leave for the scene of the scrap. However, present plans are to spend Thursday night in Chicago and journey on to Davenport to establish their headquarters until game time. Mike Byelene continues to keep his legs in shape for the day when he hopes to again don the moleskins of the Old Gold and Black, and it is reported that he may see some mild action in the warmup drills this week, o.t.c.
Billiard Artist Will
Perform Thursday
Charles C. Peterson, ace billiards artist, will be featured in several exhibition matches with students tomorrow at 4 and 8 p. in. in v. the South Ballroom of the Union. He will play 18.2 balkline against Don Forbes, who will play straight rail, and a game of three cushions with Jack Smalley at 4 tomorrow; that evening he will play against the
Charles C. Peterson
same players, but the types of game ■vrill be reversed. His trick and fancy shots will be demonstrated before Rnd between the matches.
He will play a straight rail match against K. S. Smith at 8 p. m. Friday evening and again demonstrate his ability that earned him the title, “^how Me a Shot I Can’t Make.’’ c.ii.s.
/M Schedules
to
It
tz
TOUCBRAU, Wedneadsr, October Sft Cary Hall 1 ys. Cary Ball T. T. Mobnd. Gary HaU 2 vs. Caxy HaU It. W. B. McAdajoos. Gary HaU 13 vs. Gary HaU 12. R. j.' McCarthy. ' ' ‘ — Carv Hall 9 vs. Cary Ball 3. Jim ShaWk Cary Ball 4 -vs. Cary HaU 14. Dave Adams. Cary Ball 9 vs. Cary Hall 5. F. Meyer, Cary HaU 3 vs.' Cary Hall 10. Paul Schrtber. \ Ward 24 vs. Ward 21. Ij. OaPtaAa. Ward 28 vs. Ward 11. G. S^aer. Ward la vs. Ward 14. Gol^ein. , Ward 22 Vs. Ward 3. F. Q. Witsmaa. Ward 2 vs. Ward 39. J, W. Hawkins.
' _ i I ! >,
Mi
" N I
\ ‘
.rsi' ' ,s>.
■’K'tt,.. ,'^-
PURDUE EXPONENT
ViTednesday, October 30, 1940
''\T"
-17^4*'“ ■
Boilermaker Harriers College Students Favor Rise, Travel To Wayne Field Of Pan-American Movement
Riding on the ci’est of last Saturday’s victory over Wisconsin, Coach Phillips’ cross country team worked out in a cold, damp mist yesterday in preparation for their meet with Wayne University. Time trials will probably ibe held tomorrow to see who will make the trip. The six best men in each event will compete at Detjroit Saturday. While the Boilermaker gridders were losing a thriller to the Wisconsin football team last Saturday, the Riveter trackmen were winning their first meet with Wisconsin in seven years. Four Straight For Ed For the fourth time this season Captain Ed Holderman was first to snap the tape at the finish, with a time just one second below his course record. Next in order came Knox of Wisconsin and Reeves for the Black and Gold. The final score was 25-32, and helped ease the football blitzkrieg later in the afternoon, g.t.w. Delta Tau Delta Trio
Delta Tau Delta fraternity’s intramural golf team, with Dave Ditmer and Sonny Shelby in the starring roles, “blitzkrieged” the Phi Kappa Sigma team, last year’s title holders. The match was highlighted by Ditmer’s 69 and Shelby’s 70 for the Delts against Evers’ 72 and Schutts’ 75 for Phi Kappa Sigma. ^ The official score for the final match gave Delta Tau Delta 5 over Phi Kappa Sigma’s 4. From the beginning of the tournament the Delta Tau team was playing under pressure against some of the toughest competition exhibited in the tournament. Tabulations on the total team scores show that the Delta Tau Delta team came out on the long end of the score in five straight matches in order to annex the title, t.f.t. Distance Event Scheduled The competitive annual All-cam-pus Cross Country walking contest will be held today at 4:30 p. m. The course for the walking event corresponds in every detail with the running event excepting the fact that a regular walking step is used. This means the walker must first touch his heel to the ground and shift his weight to his toe as one does when walking: The distance is as usual two and one half miles or three laps of the Intra-mural field. Medals will be awarded to the first four places and all men registered in the school are eligible to compete. The winner of last year’s event was A. M. Rohn who won from a , field of six'competitors. w.h.h.
Hawkeye Brains
(By Associated Collegiate Press) America’s collegians are enthusiastic sponsors of the rise of Pan-Amer-icanism. The trend toward solidifying relationships between the United States and her sister nations of the New World is evident in developments on hundreds of campuses. Importance of education’s role in this field is noted by the New York Times, which points out that in recent months the republics to the south have been subjected to a quiet but nevertheless intense “penetration,” the invasion of American School teachers. “Even more significant,” says the Times, “were the visits of whole groups of teachers and undergraduates who went south on serious study tours. The invasion^ undoubtedly will have beneficial repercussions on both continents.” | Spanish Study Increases On the other side of the picture, the University of Iowa Daily Iowan, notes that student enrollments in Spanish language classes at American colleges and universities are showing substantial increases over 1939. “This trend, the Iowan observes, “holds one of the strongest hopes for real improvement in understanding between the United States and its neighbor nations to the south.” A practical-application to the subject is given by the Louisiana State university Daily Reveille, which cautions that “more than 200 students on this campus are not getting th^ Co-operation that they should. These are ^ Latin-Americans.” Charging that “tbe student body reneges in doing its part by mildly ‘snubbing’ our Latin-American friends,” the LSU publication comments that“the welfare of the United States in protecting its democracy and its people depends as much upon solidarity with its neighboring countries to the south as it does on its army and navy.” At Lafayette college, the Lafayette requests new courses in LatinAmerican history and culture, declaring, “there is no doubt that our ties with these countries are becoming increasingly more important to our national defense.” Cultural Exchange Increases Similar in tone is an editorial in the Bfarvard Crimson, “As the United States peers out into the future,” observes the Crimson, “its leaders attempt to find security not only in rearmament and conscription, but in carefully cultivated friendship with Latin-America. More and more men will go south to find a career, as cultural exchange increases and tradenets tighten. Clearly it is a function of a wide-awake college to offer such individuals the chance to prepare themselves. And it is equally clear that, as this new world opens beyond our shores, it is the university’s duty to be ready and willing to. educate all interested in these peoples and their ways of life. That Harvard does neither, offering in this field nothing but a lonely half-course in the history of Mexico, may well invite comment. Perhaps by next September the catalogue will announce a course in “International Relations—Pan-America.”
Personnel Interviews chidben-s concert TICKETS GO ON SALE
ElUoit Named Head Of Ross-AdeGroup ' All of the officers of the Ross-Ade foundation, the organization which directs the affairs of the Ross-Ade stadium and athletic field, were reelected at the annual meeting of the foundation. Theiofficers of the foundation are; E. C. Elliott, president of the University, president; J. Emniett Hall, Indianapolis, vice-president; R. B. Stewart, University controller, treasurer and acting secretary during the absence of J. E. Walters, director of personnel; and Harry R. Safford, railroad executive from Houston, Texas, director, e.g.k. Instiiutiqn Classes ... served a practice dinner to the home economics faculty last night in the home economics lunch room. These dinners are given every year to furnish practice to the students taking this course. The program of the evening consisted of a book review by two of the students, Marie Linck and Margaret Hirt. The book was “Functioning Program of Home Economics” by Igol Stafford, a member of the University staff. A regular meeting of the home economics staff was held after the completion of the program.
Notices
No notices received after 8 p.. m.
Newman Club: Discussion groups will meet on Tuesday and Wednesday nighte in room 328 and on Thursday nights in room 304 of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. ' —LEURS.
Company: Revere Copper & Brass Incorporated. Company’s Products; Metal Products. Representative: Dr. J. E. Walters. Date of Visit: November 5, 1940. Will Interview: Senior Met. E., ChE, EE, ME. Types of Positions: Manufacturing, Engineering, Sales, Accounting. Special Qualifications and Information; No men will be considered who sign up after noon on Friday.
YWCA
. . . student members, will entertain their faculty friends at/ an informal tea November 14 from 4 to 6:30 p. m. in the reception rooms of the Union.
, Beginning today, tickets will be available for the Children’s Concert to be presented by the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra in the Hall of Music at 2:30 p. m., Tuesday, November 19. - Tickets may be procured at Mr. Stewart’s office in the Hall of Music, priced at 25 cents to students presenting passports, and at 50 cents to other adults, l.w.a. Plan Announcement ... for the annual fall 4-H Club party, which is to be held on Saturday night in the Women’s Gym, has been made. All members and former members of the 4-H Club and their guests are invited to attend. Dancing and games will provide entertainment for the evening.
Exponent Sophomores: There is a list of stories for the next. Yellow -Dog bn the bulletin board in the office. You are expected to sign for at least one. Copy is due by Wednesday night, October 30, at the latest. —OCHILTREE.
LEARN TO DANCE NEW ADULT CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S WED., NoV. 6TH TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS ADVANCED THURS , NOV.7TH 7:30 P.M. ALLEN’S 6TH & FERRY
A1 CoUpee, who will be calling signals for Iowa’s Hawkeyes when they take on the Boilermakers at Iowa City Saturday. A1 also had charge of things when Anderson’s “Iron Men” nosed out the Riveters 4-0 last year.
LET MEDICO BE YOUR NEXT
the wisest dollar you ever spent
With its 66 Baffle filter,
A GOOD FOOTBALL TEAM depends upon the CO-ORDINATION of all the -playei’Sv..:.,.: i,.; A smooth running car depends upon the COORDINATION of all moving parts; so come in and let us check oyer your car. After You We Come First PETER ANDERSON CO.
525 Alabama
Phone 4048
^ ^ecial LbRf?A/N-e ^fUcjue Sucuue Panties, Bloomers, Vests FOR KIDDIES 2 lor $1
Th» perfect underwear fabric. Won't (hrink, won't lag. Guaranteed run proof, long wearing. No ironing necessary.
/or Cool Nights .. . All the best .colors . avaUabk^^^ Cover of silk satin, wool down filled. $6.50 and $7.50 THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622^626 Main St. Lafayette, Ind.
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting Thursday, October 31, at 4 p. m. in YWCA Office. —BRYANT.
Delta Rho Kappa: Short meeting of actives and pledges llhursday, October 81, at B p. ih. in room 808 of the Union. Bring dues and money for keys. Second check up on boards and boxes. Key order to be sent in immediately. _ —OSWALT
Sigma Delta Chi: Key replicas willjbe disi tributed at meeting Thursday for 28 cents —-SKALLERUli^.
Flying. Club: Meeting Wednesday, Oc* tober 80, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 263 of the Union. ' GREVE.
WSGA Executive Board: There will be a regular meeting Wednesday, October 30, at 7:30 p. m. in the WSGA office. —ZWIERLBIN.
Sigma Delta Psi; Meeting of all local and national members Thursday, October 31, at 4 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. Organization and election of officers. Please be-present. . —WBNTE.
Model Railroad Club: Meeting Friday, November I, at 8 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. Prof. Hargrave will speak. Full attendance requested. —DARR. POMM Pledges: Meeting Thursday postponed until next week. Keep your eyes glued to this column. —^McCAMMON.
All Men: There will be a meeting of all men interested ih forming a rifle club on Wednesday, October 80, The meeting will be held in room 104 of the Pieldhouse and is to start promptly at 7:3() p. m. Everyone is invited. —SCOTT.
Alpha Zeta: Active meeting Wednesday, October 30, at 7:30 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. Pledges come at 8:30, p. m. —STEWART. Freshman and Sophomore Co-eds; Fresh-man-Sophomore speedball game is to be played Wednesday, October 30, at 4 p. m. —STEIGERWALD.
Aero Meddlers: There will be a work session in room 80 in the Union basement Friday, November 1; , at 7:30 p. m. V —SBREE.
4-H Club Members': Annu^ Fall party in women’s gym, Saturday, November 2, from 8 to 12 p. m. Committee members have tickets. Ten cents In advance and fifteen cents at the door. r-DB LA CROIX,
WAA: Scavenger hunt Wednesday, October 80, at 7:80 p. m. at Memorial Gym. Dates or no dates, return to gym at 8:80, dancing until prizes awarded. No charge. —BROWN.
Horticulture Students: Meeting of all members of .the Horticulture Show committees Wednesday, October 30, at 4 p. m. in auditorium of the Horticulture Building. —KLINKER. Lutheran Students / Hallowe’to party Thursday evening, October 31, out in the country. Meet at 7 p. m. at east door of Union. —MERZOFP.
Classified
Glider Club: Meeting Thursday, October 31, at 7 ;30 p. m. in room 328 of the Union. —KANE. ,
Kuss-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all pocasions, Min.. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407.\ Tjqiewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.50. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting of actives and pledges Thursday, October 31, at 7 :30 p. m. in the Exponent offe'e.. Discuss con-, vention. —McKEE. SGA and Independent Houses: Representatives and PIA Activities Chairmen will' meet Thursday, October 31, at 4 :30 p. m. in room 804 of the Union. —GRIFFIN.
Lost: Purdue Dames Club pin Saturday afternoon between University Drug Store and Pierce St. Reward. Phone 3039. Lost: On campus. Dark brown leather jacket belonging to C. H. Young. Finder please return for reward. Phone 8421.
Lost: Necklace of white elephants on campus Tuesday about 8 a. m. Finder please call 3876. Reward.
• Large Assortment- of Martha Washington Candies. • Model Airplane Supplies.
Free Parking in Reerr
Free Delivery
University Drug Store Next to Post Office N. J. Arth, ’37 D. N. HanseU,’37
wiiUtuUM- tlu44nAL
....lUST PRESS THE TOP Just press the top of ihei new Eversharp Repeating Pencil—r and, click! a new point appears. When one stick of lead is used, just press tl^e top—and, clicki a new lead appears . . . feeds continuously. And you need
ANEWLEAD-ANEWPOINT reload it only once'or twice a year. It's the handiest and hand* isomest pencil ever created. In Jpyralin and rhodium-plated or gold-filled models, torn. ’Z to
DECKER’S
518*20 Main St,
Phone 5036
the Purdue Exponent Service , Directory
• Professional
• Hardware
' 1
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th& HainSt. Phone 5701
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
./"I 1
• School Suplies
• Daily Products
University Book Store Across' form the Union Next to the College Inn M. C. "Red" Samm9ns'29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '■40
M. E..MOREHOUSE —r--"' DAIRY:QUALITY MILK Phone 462H, , .
■ '0
Locksmith
KEYS and LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phono 2828
■
rf'
F- I
L-| : I
t:'