4.1 '’ ‘ **'^4' \ ft
I k
g>:'
'•'. ..' . r-
ifeffi
|i^l|SS|lit"^
IV t
i
„
rSS"
volPme xivn
L4FAYE1!iB, IKDIANA, WEDNESDAY, APBH, 15,1936
otmbebms
»
Greek Debate
J« C» SftiidcfSj J* R» Murray Capture Mohlmau lutramural Cup
Triangle fraternity’s affirmative debate team defeated the negative team of PM Kappa last night in the finals of the Mohlman intramural debate tourney. Prof. P. E. Lull, head of the division of speech, acted as judge. The subject of the debaten was: “Resolved} that the. Federal Government Should Adopt as a Per^ m^eiit Pblicj^ l^ePl^^ ricultural Produdion.” ’ > The viOtbridus T^ team was composed of L ; Gi SandeiS3i a spj^ pmore, in the schpbl of chemical engineering and Murray^ h sophomore in the school ‘ of mechanical engineering. The PM Kappa debaters were Mike Foran, sophomore electrical, and J. R. Ehgleton, sophomore chemical. The winner of the debiftte will receive the coveted Mohlmhn debate cup} which is donated by the: MoMman Jewelry Company of Lafayette. In addition to the cup, each member and the managers of both teams will receive especially designated gold keys and invitations to the annual forensic banquet} to be held sometime next month.
Armantrout Named Asst. Director Of Traming . A. L. Armantrout, a local Lafayette student and a recent graduate from the industrial educafdoh course at the University, has just received an appointment as assistant director-of-training,^ industrial relations department for the Oar-^ negie-Illinois Steel Corporation, 3426 East 89th Street, Chicago. Mr. Armantrout writes to Professors Swope and McComb: “I am
tibw in -Charge- of velopment and apprentice training in the south works. Am very busy and much interested in my work.”
Londoners See Test Houses
Colonel Charles Rowe and Major John E. Hill, of London, England, manufacturers of housing brick in England, were visitors at the University’s “test-tube” village yesterday. Colonel Rowe is managing director and Major Hill is the deputy chairman of the London Brick Company, one of the largest concerns of its kind in the world.
The two men are at present making a tour of the United States to inspect brick plants, observe manufacturing and promotional methods used by the brick industry of this country. They devoted the entire day to the inspection of the housing research project wMch has attracted nation-wide attention in the building industry.
Seniors May . ■Order Programs;.
May Be OMained At Deac’s, Sonthworth’s, Or Union
Charlie Agnew Will Feature Saxon, Emrie Ann Lincoln Here Friday
Remmers Distrilmteg Education Bulletins
PIA Banquet Tonight
Mr. T. K. Noss, MmM Speaker ; Medids Will liePreserded
Installation of officers and the presentation of keys And trophies will feature the annual spring banquet of the Purdue Independent Association tonight, in tlie Home Economics Buildings. The ms speech of the' evening will be by Mr, T,i K.’ Noss, of the Education department, with short speeches from Professor Prahk Hockema and Professor Brsiy, head of the Chemical Engineering school, W. A. Bodden, assistant' Uwiversily controller, will act as toastmaster. Guests included are President E. C. Elliott, Mr. and Mrs, R, B, Stewart, Dean Fisher, Miss Clare Coolidge. Dr. O’Shea, and Mr. H. G. Reisner,. who will present the Reisner cup to the gfM'uating student in the organization having the highest scholastic standing by four years. The Lamb trophy will be presented to the outstanding freshman of the organization. Tbe board of directors. for the coming year will also be announced.
R. S. Dyson To Talk To ASME Tonight
R. S. Dyson, special engineer for the Link Belt Company, of Indian-^ apolis, will discuss various aspects of sales engineering at a meeting of A. S. M. E. in room 208, of the Mechanical Engineering Building at 7:30 o’clock tonight. Mr. Dyson has spoken here annually for several years. The discussion will pertain to all phases of engineering and will be open to all students.
piece orchestra will make their second appearance on the campus when they play for the Union dance on Friday night. Featuring Emrie Ann Lincoln,' deniure songstress, and Lon Saxon, baritone stylist, Agnew will play here after filling engagements at the Notre Dame formal and at Casa Madrid in Louisville, Ky. 'The orchestra’s first appearance on the campus was to play for the Military Ball in 1935.
MCrt
UMRW AGNEW
vEadibvAi^t^^eaaen
ROTC Review Set May 14-15 Major Cole WiH Be In
Cliarge Of Inspections
Major General "W. E. Cole, com-
manding general of the Fifth Corps
Area, has accepted' President El-
liott’s invitation to take charge of the annual national inspection of the University ROTC unit On May 14 an^d 16. He Will also attend and make an address at the cadet offic-
er’s banquet at 6:30 o’clock Thurs
day evening. May 14. General Cole recently assumed command Of the corps area and tMs will be Ms
first visit to the University. The actual inspection will be
made by Majors George S. Buerket and Stuart McLeod, of the Field Artillery. Major Buerkett is
duty at the Indiana Military
Charlie Agnew, nationally famous maestro, and Ms thirteen-
Climb To Fame
Agnew’s climb to fame was not meteoric, and its beginning was quite unique. His ^‘pal” lived several blocks from Charlie’s home in New Jersey, and to call Mm over would have been quite a vocal feat. An old comet soon became the offi-^ cial arwserr GbhsMM handling of thei insWumehit led him to the first Chaii in the Mgh school band.'
Ambitio'n Walks in
Ambition stepped in at this time. Charlie organized his ovm band. Then came Chicago and a future He played in a large band and at the same time organized a smaller One. This band soon played at. the Terrace Gardens of the Morrison hotel. He later played at the Edgewater Beach hotel, tbe Uollege Inn, the Stevens, hotel, and the Netherland Plaza hotel in Cincinnati.
Copies of “Studies in Higher
Education} Volume 27*% dealing with the proceedings of the First Annual Guidance Conference held at the University last November, have been mailed free to Mgh school principals and superintendents throughout Indiana and to libraries at universities in the United States. The bulletin has also' been, forwarded to individuals who attended the
first annual conference last fall. The bulletin may be obtained as
long as the supply of 2,000 copies lasts by writing Dr. H. H. Remmers, division of educational refer-
ence, Purdue University. '
Teac4iers To Meet Friday
Miss;:]|aiiiai4 Hoaored
AA4Dfficial Will Speak At
Lt. Frank M.KremI To
Traffic I^oblems
m
^dted Ajvid^ Hold Coi^etemcew Throughout Visit
Area Headquarters, Indianapolis while Major McLeod is in charge of Reserve Affairs in the Lafayette Military Area. The University ROTC held its first outdoor corps day review of the season yesterday or Intromural field. Intensive drilling has been started in preparation for the national inspection.
Daughter Bom On Monday To Dr. And Mrs. Gnininlns
' Dr. and Mrs. George B. Cummins, of the North River Road, are the parents of a daughter, bom Monday at St. Elizabeth’s hospital. Dr. Cummins is a member of the agricultural experiment Station staff.
Lecture technique and a new system of point grading wiU be the opening features of the High School Chemistry 'Teachers Conference wMch begins here Friday afternoon. Prank B. Wade, of Shortridge High School, Indianapolis, will preside at the beginning sessions. President E. C. Elliott will address the group at the annual banquet on Friday evening. An illustrated lecture on “ManMade Gems” will follow. Teaching problems will be dealt with on Saturday morning, with members of the University faculty and Indiana University faculty members taking part. An; address on the Indiana Junior Academy
AmeliA EarhaH'Will opeh the second day of her stay at the Umversity: today with Mdividtial student conferences fmm 10 to. 12 o’clock to be followed by a luncheon given in her honor by the board of trustees. At 7:15 o’clock tMs evening she ytiU address fresMnan co-eds in the faculty lounge of the
Union Building.
Arriving here yesterday at npon to continue the Consriltations begun in the fall, Miss Earhart last night attended a formal dinner given in her honor at the Womens Residence HaU, at which George Putnam, her husband, memWs of the University board of trustees and their wives and Several faculty members were present. . . Individual Conferences.. ' The series of individual conferences with students Will be continued tomorrow and Saturday
Problems of traffic uid tu^ideitts, with particular emphasis on the engineering phases, will be discussed by Lt. Frank M. Kreml tomorrow when he opens the UniversiW lie Safely Conference. Burton Marsh, director of the safe^ and engineering departments of tiie American Automobile Associatioml will deliver the principal address of the morning, speaking on '^Wbat the Ci^ and County Engineer Gan Do About Safety”.
Methods
Methods employed in CMeagb; tq keep traffic moving will be (^cussed in the afternoon’s opening feature by Leslie J. Sorenson, dly traffic engineer of CMcago. Prof. Ben H. Petty, of the civil aehood, will dose the dasr’s meeting witlt a discussion of some Indiana 'traffic
problems.
TMs conference is belhg held espedally for dty and cotmky neers, and countjr MghWay sors of the state. ^ ^ ^
Science and a business meeting Will comprise the afternoon program.
: IMahgle fraternity announces the initiation of E. J. Eosowicz, Union City, Conn., and the pledging of H. N. Behrends, Park Ridge, IlL
Senior commencement programs may be ordered beginning tMs afternoon and-up to Saturday, Apr. Rfi at either Deac’s or Southworth’s at any time or at a special desk in the Union Building frOm 4 to 5:80 each afternoon. Any number may be ordered but must be paid for at the same time. Three kinds Of programs are procurable—a leather botmd edition selling for 26 cents, a 16 cent variety with the same contents as the higher priced type but in a white manila folder bound with a gold cord, and a five cent “dutch” folder, which is mainly in the form of an announcement. Samples Of all three varieties will be on display at the places of ordering. Copies will be available for distribution about May 15. ^
Twelve Win In Regional HigH School Math Finals
•Twelve students recently won honors in the regional Mgh school mathematics contest held ah the University under the dmectiOn of Dr, H. H. Remmers, of the department of educational .reference, aud will represent this region at Ihe state contest to he held at Bloomington, Friday, April 24; Five of the Wiimers are £rom Jefferson high school, three from Montmorehei high school, one each from West lAfayette, Buck Greeki Frankfort and Boswell Mgh schools; Ovey fif^ students will compete in fha finals.
T, R. JOHNSTOiy
Desks piled with papers, clattering typewriters, a few, a very busy few people greet your eyes when you walk into the Purdue University publicity office. Then, from a cubby hole office in the comer comes “Hello, so - and - so” (that’s your name—hot what it seems to infer), “How are you?” And the director of the busy offied steps frohi Ms den to shake your hand. Invariably Tommy Johnston welcomes Ms visitors thus, invariably he calls them by name, whether he has seen them every day in the previous month or just once, some two or three years before. The greeting is typical of Tommy’s interest in all pedpier-enthusiastic. And tMs interest is precisely what makes Mr. Johnston an A-rl publicity mam He spends practically all Ms thhe in doing things 4or the University, for people in the University, and often for, people outside the University. Spread Goodwill Consequently, when he 'wante something done, he seldom has trouble in finding someone willing to carry out Ms wishes. We quote the Pilrdue Alumnus to show how effective Tommy^s reputation is in spreading goodwill for the Univer sity; “Teinmy has a splendid disr position ; . ; one
T/S-i/OH/ystOJV
after knowing Mm, why he can got most any story that he wani»,** We wish! to add that, mfter getting the story, T. R. J. is usually ahle to have it published where it will do the most good. This business of handling PuT' due^s public relations is a gruellhig one, and if the man Vho directo if wasnt blessed mth a great gocM nature, he woMd proM^
ed up at the Logansport hospital at this moment. When you realize that between four and five thousafid stories, some of wMch appear in hundreds of papers, and each depicting some phase of University Me, pass through the publicity office each year, you get some idea of Tom Johnston’s part in letting the state and the nation know where, what, and why Purdue is. Real Hoosiffir The University publicity ffirecter is a HooSier, bom in Bluff ton. He started his journalistic career early, working for Ms home town paper for eight years before; entering the •Terre Haute State Normal schooL While in college, Jolmston served as sports editor and state editor of the Terre Haute Star. After two years of reportorial work in Fort Wayne, he went to the editorial staff of tbe Indianapolis Star for eighteen months, the last nine months of wMch he was state editor. He returaed to Fort Wayne as city editor before comii^ to PUrdue in 1)917. Here, Mr. Johnston first handled ag exteusion publicity. In 1921, he was mada responsible to the president and the director of agricul** teral extension for all pulM<diy wrork of tbe University, In |^8 he (Continued on page 2)
W.S.HouselTo Address ASCE
Miss Earhart will confer With senior engineering students interested in aeronautics as a career tomorrow afternoon from 2 to 4 o’clock in room 308 of the Mechamcal Engineering Building.
mornings. ;Appointments for these conferences may be made through the office of the dean of women. Tomorrow evening at 7:15 graduate students will be entertained at talk in the Union Building. •‘New Ideas ih Education for Women” will be the subject of conference with faculty members on Friday afternoon. Pres. Edward C. EUiott, Dr. Harriet O’Shea, Deans Dorothy Stratton, Mary Matthews, C. B. Jordan, H. E. Enders, A* A. Potter, J. H. Skinner, and Professors Edith Gamble and Helen Ha-
zelton will attend.
Members of the American SqMety of Civil Enginems will haye an oppbrtnhity to hear Prof. W% Si Hoiisel, of the Uniyeteiiy Of MicM--gan, tonight At 7:39 q’doCk^^m room 201 of the Civil Engineer^ Builcb
ing.-'".ft ■
Professor Housel’s adffiress 'will be: on soil medianim. He; isi in charge of the soil mechanics laboratory at tho University of Mchigan, one of the leading university laboratories of tins type. His subject is one that has been developed in the last fifteen ymiES to a point of perfection in researdi and he has prepared many teciMcal papers on this tepic for the national engineering societies.
Biology Diimer To Feature Plant Talk
Chevrolet Sound Films lu Armory Tomorrow
Sound! films illustrating the manufacturing of Chevrolet cars will be sho'vra every hour except'2 p. tomorrow M lipem 105 of the Amory. The pictures are full size with a. musical accompaniment by the Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra and are said to be primarily educational with no advertising. The show has its O'wn truck and equipment and carries its own op orators and 40,000 feet- of film. Three hours are required te set up tile apparatus. Students and faculty are incited to attend. A final showing will be made at 4 b’do^ if sufficient persons are present to warrant.
Dr, Nell E. Stevens WilllNeliver Prineipal A«3dr^ Dr. Neil E. Stevens, head Of the department of plant pathology at the University Of Hlinois, will bb the pfincipal speaker at the annual spring dinner Of tbe Purdne sectipp of the American Society of Plant Phjmiologists, WMch will be held in the Home :EcOnomics Buildmg on! Monday evening at 6:30 O’clock, World Authority Previous to assuioing hik<3[tew post at the Universi^ of Dlin^,, Dr. Stevens was associated for somo yeus with the Bureau of Plant Industry at WasMngton, D. C. In addition to hi$ laboratory and teehniciEil experience, he haa bad extensive field experience, and is req. Oghized as a world adibority in Ms field of research. Reservations for the dinner should be niade witii IL Bstein, of the biology department, in Stanley CoMter HaU, some tiiite before tomorrow evening;
I ' ‘ Sft s '
MD^Beatni^ Musie
if'
EXPONENT STAFF
The date for the staff banquet has been re-set for Sunday, April 19, at 6:15 in fbe facMty lounge of the Union. Mr, George Hays, Purdue *12, a former: editor of the nent and now editor of Steel will he our guest speaker. All members of the staff are invited to attend and mre nrjged to signify signing up on the bulletin boAM in tim office, -
Bob Baker and Ms band wfil nish tee music for the mixer in tee Union Building Saturday night. Baker, who wffl gradbMqyii^^ class of *37 fiwni ify sifyi teimmfy plajtedin Wa^ ring's band, “Red” Nichols* band, tee famous Souse Concert BeMk
sicM comedy *^uinM W' He pleys tee pieno, vibliii, end drums. Baker's hand constste of itfi members. Seven featured vocalists asre among the gronp end a glee
featured. One ddUer edadsMmt iriH. - ^littania aa taMMhd class asitKa^ at tihc graat 4^21^ iMia&iiU ^S^ir4l^ tigr fiijBlt;$t,lfe tfCl MimvcA By aahHI(y« fS.SO pep jw; aoM Inr single copy, t cen^
'•fMntia .Phcaa.Mm'
' MAJOf'^Ojmei^iS^ Nd^
Editorial l^a MS7
lriii^<mii)r>rnMi»'''W iffiraoBiA&:friuyi^::
'.BdltbirJissoelato Bditoia-
m! i.
fcReW.'Bd|
toioetata s. tfiBbosaoR* AasistsBits-
Bdivdnkii
SMShaBtcBta. .6.
HfTt. aWSst, a:te'^M«»irlift:at^;;W^«r
■ „N. .K^ism
Ji, F*: Midi. :ariE: WfilSitoliii,. li.' ».; Wood.; Ai Bara«tt«u- J; ll -Bioci4 A.- ^ Minion,: CL t, Sa&irrB- O. Schenk,
AtECOtt'
Bmincas Manager.
Adrcrtielas Msaagar.
L^XJWi.. A.; Saih .J9. F. Antoh|nl
AaststMita-
;Ja, M Bcoc^ & CiC^ Dy 0. MUlii -: ■: ■ ,v- . ■: ...:.:.:..:";,«L-ji Halsc : ■ 3. G. CLl R.: Shl^^;
iMyr-
■ogd^^use Aiilstnntc-...i>~.-
WOMKira »SAf» • ■ , ,.C :'
Joyce Wllllaniii
-.wJBtelien Cte^, Edna Hutson. BUleh Mann
.jaeephine: P^dhs
Doris
BiNtwh^ Jean Jaaoniik, B&dorle Xouls. eCartney, Elizabeth Pyke. Esdier Turley
Wednesday, April 16, 1986;
Many organisations are about to select their officers for the ensuing yearj and some have already done so. The atmosphere of political intrigue which has foeCn ; created: around some of these elections is definitely undesirable, both for the organizations involved and for some df their Workers. The whole idea of electing rather than appointing officers waS based on the assumption that, with personalities eliminated as much as possible, the groups would then have the best candidates as officers. But with politics entering in, some of the potential best candidates do not enter the race, and others who do are given no chance of success. Much of the politicai haze is due, not to the fact that some men are bom meddlers, but to the methods used in the elections. Some years ago the Expomemt set an example in this matter which most other organizations have been reluctant to follow, but which resulted in the practically complete elimination of politics from the newspaper elections. Elimination of juniors from the electoral board was the simple step taken by the Exponent, and thereby most of the office trading and bargaining was halted. Juniors, especially tliose who feel they have no hope for election, are prone to play politics and support someone in return for past or future favors. This is a proven fact, and one has only to look back to the spring of 1986 to find conclusive evidence that this is so. Senior officers of an organization, on the other hand, are more likely to be thinking of the good of the group, and thus would probably select only those candidates they believed to be the most deserving of the recognition. There are those who say that, even mth Oiily seniors Votihg in the elections herein referred to, politics yrould still go on, what with the active interest fraternities and others take in their men. But this has not been the case with this paper, and it might be said, therefore, that the other groups would be likely to find the same results if they were only to adopt the plan. It is doubtful if extremely serious mistakes are often made under any of the election systems now in operation on the campus, as most of the candidates available are capable of at least partially fulfilling the duties of their respective potential positions. But it is undeniably true that quite occasionally a good and willing worker is “dealt out” merely because he or " -- ---- _w.T.H.
Tniiiz^ Mlamn oMsted it) oi^der Bzponeni readens mtghi espress. Uieir viewfi> on tmvious ankjects of genessl intoMst to memboira of ibo rurdne ^eoml&nnit]^., Ooti.' tribntord: kltduid ^B^nd tttei^ sAiidtliSe^ik id 0. SL Campbell, tbe Pntdnb Bzpoaenl^ XiafavdttA ^ 1. Fanatasia Recently t pfidsed an aftavnobii fb-reading aCfna bf thb pages of OabelPs ‘‘Jurgea**. It is a curibus and bharMing book. If ohe ovbirIbbks the cynidal, though vdtty, tirisdoib and faint realfstn uiidetIving most of the tale, the grotesque fable alone has a distinct and fascinating appeal. As a dexterous fabrication of sheer imaginationj I believe“Jurgen” is unparaileled in presentrday American literature f the meniorable Voinme was published in 1919). Mirtfeover, its lype is exceedingly rare. We more volumes of the same kind, if for no other reason than to afford relief from the heavier literature, dabeii's noW famous tale iS of the Bo^ which has never failed to deiight me-^that which is legendary, bizarre, fantastic. And I look in vain today for anyone to do as competent a job. In fact, the whole field of letters is sadly lacking in this particnlar kind of talent. Anatele France Was the undisputed master of this manner of tale, and he has left some priceless efforts. I woilld rather read his “Revolt of the Angels” than most of Thomas Hardy, and I would gladly trade “Thais” for half the biMiography of Meredith. And one “Penguin Island” is worth a Whole drove; of AldouS Httxleys!
Said a speaker at Ohio State’s Methodist centenary, “Fm not going to talk very long, but if you get what I’m going to say in your heads, you’ll have the whole thing in a nutshell.”
READERS* OPINION The Exponent weleomea commenta of good taate and reaaonable length front ita readera. Typewritten artielea are preferred.
And-
^Tiixes!
To the Editor: Regarding the leditorial in yesterday’s Exponent entitled, “Comfort vs. Precedent At Prom”. The arguments presented in this editoriy are certainly indicative of the sentiments of the majority of Prom-goers. The changing of the dance to a spring formal, would, in the opinion of the majority of students, make the dance more comfortable for the men — it wouldn’t matter at all to the women, except as one co-ed put it, “Fd rather see my date comfortable than have him burn up inside a boiled shirt.” Certain members of the Prom committee have protested that if the dance is changed to a spring formal, non-uniform-ity of dress will result. To these members of the committee the following conversation, overheard in the Union lobby, is submitted, “Do you think Prom Should be spring formal?” “I don’t give a hang what it is—Fm gohna Wear my mess jacket anyway.” You can see the result. In either case the crowd mll not be dressed alike since many have the “comfort attitude” and are going to wear spring formal attire regardless of the “title” of the affair. Purdue is
break through the old, encircling ring of tradition that decrees a formal Prom—afraid to become progressive, lik^ other universities that have discarded the formal Prom—afraid we Won’t get to show off the new set of tails that we’ve just bought—afraid to have a spring formal Prom. According to Esquire, men’s fashion magazine, spring formal attire consists of a soft shirt, black bow tie, white mess jacket, black silk sash, black trousers and shoes. Of course, taffs are always formal. Furthermore, the mess jacket is interehapgablewith the Palm Beach coat.
nighty 0F shall we continue to be slaves to ia^ion Bmbther.-^tihior.
and
]| putti^ aut fcatbxhlty pins is classified as “puppy love”,
In the new poetry I can find but one example of the fantastic and imaginary. A feW yearis ago (19^8, to be exact) the late E. A, Robinson delved into legendary loro and emerged with “Tristram”, The high arbiters of art and culture in the land awarded him the Pulitzer prize for this truly magnificent effort. In spite of its two-hundred odd pages, “Tristram” is no epic; it is rather, ah absorbing tale set forth in rhsnniB. and meter. And very good reading it is. I shall heartily champion any like effort which may subsequently make its appearance.
The drama needs a strong injection of the same stuff. As an art, the theatre today is as thoroughly debauched as a Hearst newspap It lacks all the illusion and poetry that is necessary to the life of any stage. Instead of these rowels of Ibsen’s dusty and platitudinous grandeur, why not a performance of Hautpmann’s “Die Versunkcne Glocke”? Old Gerhart wouldn’t go down so badly. His fairy tale is still eminently enjoyable, and it is dressed in reasonably decent poetry I could think of nothing worse than sitting through two hours of “Ghosts’> or “A Doll’s House”, unless it would be enforced attendance at a Presbyterian Church, or a current movie. But I believe Hauptmann’s play would have a fairly strong appeal on the grounds of beauty alone.
Sweet Shop . . . it’ll kill ya, A DAihbda Phi Dhth sotori^ group bhs been foitmed at McM
Irhte tbdr ifieii thiMlyi A—smooth.
C—^pass in dark. D—senti-goon. E—spook. Embarrassing moments: Jean Harker With two dates—Some evening—same hour. One Jack Beiidure and one Joe Bender are calling themselves suckers. Jean Saj^ . . . they’re both CLASS D, so watta I care. Prdf: ^‘Wlmt dhes Spring meati toi'yeh, :Mr,-;]^hg?”';,;:; ' Our Johnny : ‘^Oh ... nothing ih parti<iular. You see, Doc, I’m dne of those class H boys.’^ Johnny Robertsohi fiMt flash, put his p|jtt dnt^atuirday night. At the time she was a GiASS A doll; later she vfss, CLASS C baby; and Sdhday ttihrning she waS in a dass not listed, and Johnny had the pin aghin. Litre and learn . . . PAPA’S POEM TO: SENIOR SON Yqii; thouglt you ;cOuM love. Your way through ■ school, ■.
. What an awful fool ' Yoh made of yourself. :' You crazy; loom. So buckle down , and ■ Finish in Jume. , ■ : —Illini. ■ New G-men’s theme song: “I’m putting all my yeggs in one casket.”
Sijgrina Delta Chi—^Final meeti&K tomorrow in the peasant room of the Union' at 8. Important., —BUTZ.
Uhioii Workeri^Members <>f ovir committees repoii; to sub-basement at 4. —SCHOLER, JUMP, OHAVER, —PUGH.
Christian Science Organization—^Meeting tomorrow at 7:15 in Gie Engrineer office in the Union. —DRISCOLL.
Alpha Phi Oinegar—Pledging in room 1 of Union tonight. - —SACHS.
IPlying Club—^Meeting tonight at 7:80 in Union. —MITCHELL.
tonight in —LEE.
Archery Club^Meetiiig at 7 Women’s Gyin.
Wesley FohiidatiOn.—Hike to Happy Hollow Friday at 6. Supper ten cents. Sign at Foundation. —McFADDEN.
I hope I have not misled anyone here. I do not advocate that literate art should concern itself with fairy tales. What I have said is this: that fantasia is often, when skillfully handled, entertaining material, and that it is a happy alternative to ever-mounting heaps of essays on the new enlightment, volumes of pseudo-realism, sex handbooks, problem plays, Marxist criticism, propaganda ih art, and other current diversions of the delighted Citizenry.-^, W. Comdit.
T. R. JOHNSTON— (Continued from Page 1) received the Leather Medal from Sigma Delta Chi aC the man who had done the most good for Purdue that year. Tommj^ heads the faculty committee on studeht phblications, and in addition to his University work, does a greht deal of publicity work for numerous agricultural and other ergkhizatibns. He waa connected with the A. A, A. durihg the life hf that brgahizatioh hs ohe of "the public relations experts. And laet, but not least, Tohihiy is nearly alwia;^ doing favore ftfe etudente, staff mentbers; nnd ffiehde. Fbr tiiese; and mnny other reasons, TOlhfay Johnston and his *#ork 10:0 oh the kno#’ likt iai hH BoilennakOin.
W., A. A. Baseball—Today at 4: Ward 8 vs. Ward 1. Alpha Chi vs. W. R. H. In case of rain report to Women’s Gym. —KELLY, Sigrma Delta Pai—'Tryouts today, tomorrow and Friday. Report to stadium at 4. —MoCORMICK.
Plyshop—All those desiriuff erfedit in the properties committee report to the Playshop office today at 4. Please be prompt. - —GBRSHUNY.
W. A, A. Archery—Practice at 4 today. ’Three practices necessary to enter the tournament. —BOEHN.
Students---Those interested in forming cooperative society meet at the Wesley Foundation at 7 :80 tonight. —LtiDBERG.
, Discussion Gronp--Meeting tonight at 7:80 in room 2 of Union. The topic y^ill he “Art”. —KUEHN,
W. A* A.^-Old and new councils, supper at W. A, A. cabin tomorrow night at 6. Bring 26 cents. —ARNOm
Orcheais—Tryouts for membership will be held tonight at 7:46. The followingr have already sighed up: Carr, Cook, Cramer, Howard, Humphreys, Malcolm, Painter, and Ritchey. Othem desiring to try out may also attend. -ELLiS,
Lutheran Students—MeeUng Sunday evening at 7:80 in room 2 hf Union. . / —S’n'IZ,
Playshop Board—Meeting at 7:80 tonight in Playshop V office. Old and new hoard members please come. —HOLDEN,
W. A. A,—^Tumbling team meets this afternoon at 6. Compulsory. . .. —walker,-
Gimlet-^Actives and pledges uiee at 7:16 in Union.
Scabbard and Blade—Meeting of members tonight at 7:80 ih tower room of Union, Capt, Hayford wili spwk bh subversive HocletleB. —GLENNY.
Seven weeks of school—one week vacRtion—eight weeks of wopk in n factory—start all over again. Three
ule of a student Jn the engineering schoolb kt tke tlHiVersiti) of CinThis past fail M. A. Hmbettson insferred to the B. B., school at Purdue after spending two years on the tr. tj. merry-gq-round.
The engineering plan at U. C. is to give the student seven weeks of concentrated study and instruction, and then, after a week’s rest, which Embertson says is really necessary after the consistently late hours sj^eht studsnng, place hiih in a factory where he can learn at first hand the practical side of What he has learned from a hook. The factories employing the students are spread from Chicago to New York City. While one bby is. working at a job his partner is studying, and when eight Weeks have elapsed they change places, so that a factory hires a pair of workOTS instead of a single person. FliPst Job The first job given a new boy fe
LfMt^Rappa key. Call Mairgarett Richey. Rewaj^d.
2961,
Typewriters, Adding Machines—For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multi^aph and mimeograph Work done. C. F. Ehershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Fer jSalb^Majestic High Boy, 7tnbe. A-i mechahically. Beah^ul cabinet. Phone 7964.
Chamberlin’s Ice Cream -^ Specials: Raspberry and Vanilla.
Lost^New, gfey, ringed Parker fountain pen in front of Kappa Sigma house Wednesday, April 8, between 12 and 1 O’clock. Return to Ben Callender, Kappa Sigma house. Reward.
ALPHA GHIOMEGA Alpha Chi Omega announces the initiation of - the following; Mary Alexander, Glen Ellyn, HI.; Betty Brasaemle, Gary; Jary Cleveland, Lafayette; Franks Eastbum, Lafayette; Marian Eisenbrandtj Peotone, 111.; Mary Hague, Gary; Mary Mi Hubler, Lafayette; Millicent Ruchti, Gary; Jane Thomborough, New Albany; and Margaret Watson, West Lafayette.
Yonnff •nonsh to be toeozeticais aU eiioakh to be praefftoL : ' RiCHAED j. BATH . WATCHMAKSB ' 608 Main St.
VWto TRANK MORGAN in ‘•THE PERPECyr GENTLEMAN”
Pmteiiiity PteMdehta' Coniiidi —M^ing tomotoow night ut Lietohdu OhI hbitae. at 6. r-McCONNBLL.
Ltot /nmto Today
BOUBLE FEATURE
Edmniid Lowe in “TfllB GREAT iMPBRSbNATION” had. May Robson ' ■ In ”8 KIDb AND A QUEEN” Tomoiroyr - Friday * 2ktat4iiy /'-i-V;Big Ptotoritai-i-■ , ToW. Koeito Zane Grey’s ”DESERT GOLD*^ a«^"-
inkpOction ,vt^ork.;“ Often thV are ffom one department to ^ *0 determine what | ..8
dal privileges, Rnd often their fellow emi^lojt’SOs do nof know thht they are “co-oping”.
Wages usually range from about 38 to 66 c^te an hotm, th^maxiheld down by the University is not made dear to the students. Findh Cultural Subjects After spending ttto yeaTs htiidYihg hothihg but technical subjedS, Embertson realized that his knowledge Of cultural Subjects was lagging behind his, technical education. It became e^dent to him that the aMlily to write and speak well constitute an important part of an engineer’s education, and that after five years hd would know no more history, English, or economics than a high school graduate. At Purdue Embertson has found low expenses, a Sufficient variety of cnliuxal Subjects, and more canipuS life—and certainly there are few enough distractioUis in the town of Lafayette.
The inOney made While working does not meet so large a part of the total expenses as might be ex^ pected. Tuition for ttonrfeM(^nte b^ Cincinnati is i|20a a year and because the school is located in a large city, living expenses are rather high, students gb^^^te School ffie year around and thus ha^ 11 months’ expenses; instead of the usual nine, The university, including night sehoqly has an enrollment of about 9,000 students, a small paid; of whom, make Up the engiiieerihg school. Coupes are offered in lUieral arts, law, medicine, and several other subjects. of males to females is about even,. which would be ah attractive feature to a male stadent at Furdue. This condition, combihed with the distractions offered by a large ci^, considerably reduces the desire to studjL.' ■ V ■ '
Begumers: Wed., April 15, 7530 p. m. Advanced Friday, ApriH7,7:30 p. m. : Tenn(»..-10 lesapna, $6.00 Classes will be eompieteff before Pnrdne cloaea.
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
. TOMORROW ONLY George Brent . \ Glenda Farrell - in ■ “SNOWED UNDER”
11i|iind«r . Friday - Batarday — Doable Featim •— "CHARUB CHAN AT XHR GmcUB’^ ... .,;rw.?md^,.''V . ibUi SoteUMMCtt ' : iitt'' '■ ’DON’T A4MRXM:WliM 'I
iiiiHiiiifiii'iiifiiliiliiiiiltiitiiiifliirfifiriiBiiiiiiMnW^
.
I
liii
ijm Dedine Smel; Wto,
«*» & ffli rioe ^ isf s. Fullerton, nbted sports t^^r> iu one of his latest fb^tikrbl, in he declares, '*]§asebsll is turning from power to speed.’* ’’The Buth^riiid eik Of fiat^fooUd play and the day of synthetic homerun hitting are things of the past,” States Mr. ^ullerton^ calling the niew systehi of judging and training recruits ”. . . the most significant development since the abolition of the s^ltball and other forms of freak pitching.” Mr. Fnilertoh notes that ”what used to be the National pastfine’ hhs steadily declined since 1915 nfitil a low Was reached in 193S. Antomobiles, golf, grbwth Of cities, the world War, baseball sCandais, etc., afe soine of the Reasons given for the loss of popniarity which was checked somewhat when Ruth appeared on the baseball horizon; In explaining the methods used to gain new reCruits Mr. Fullerton writes, ’’The modern ivory hunter seeking replacements for fiiajor league clubs proceeds in a manner that would shock veteran scouts.”
4
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ MBEBALL -f 4- > -f -f -f + 4
Today
^.jDiamOnd'V
1—-Sigma Nu vs. Phi Sig-
ma.
^---rSigma Ghi tnv Pita^^ 3- i--l^Uv vSi ^Ppa 4— Delta Chi vs. Phi Pi Phi. 6—Theta Tau vs. Lambda Chi Al- ' :-Pha.7 6— Tau Eappa Epsilon vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 7— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Pi Eappa Phi^^' 8— Theta 3^ vs. Acacia* 9— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Theta ■/; Chi.-:,;.:/-'';;: 10—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Mu.
¥ :¥--¥' ¥^ ¥. -^ ':¥ -¥\ ¥^^:- ¥ GbLi) AND BLA€K ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥^ ¥ ¥ ¥ '-f : A , -'^To^y ■■ Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Phi E^ppa Psi. Abell, referee.
a<wtiii#wMt8wr
M©
WiS
answering, the call for baseball. Coach Sanders has more than his £^nds 1^11... the fiifst da^ of practice went about fis well as could be expected, With most of the ffoi^h kicking the ball around the Idt;
for numerals, there ought to be at le£U»t four or five gc^ men who are potential varsity material. ... Ed SkoronSki knocked the bail airOund the infield while ReSlin hoisted flies to the would-be sky-chasers. —-ss— There Were abont 35 butfieiders
30 pitchers, and 15 backstops in the mob that teported yesterday
Obme of the boys were trying to Show Sanders their stuff and were pegging the ball around tike as if they’d been playing all Winter , .. instead of the cb'ach being ^ much impressed by such tactics, it’s ptobable that a feW dozen more bottles of liniment will be ordered by him tb fix up Several expected lame
arms. Vfas'll^*"
Sanders remarked casually that a dead arm is of no use to Purdue. In a week or thereabout^, when the coaches can see just what kind of material they’ve gb^ lfhcy’h begin cutting down the t#m to playing strength,
The varsity nine, having a few wins under its belt; is rounding into shape nicely: their trip to the Big Ten opener at Chicago today . .. ; With Mangas and Mitchell getting their hatting eyes back, and the fielders getting rid of their er rors, it looks like we might get some place in: the Big l^n t^^ this
year.
Coach Harry Eipke, of Michigan, is planning a special spring foptb^ll practice in the form of three weeks' intensive drill; dining which^ coaches will try to determine who their 35 best boys are ... the ability oi the hoys to he settled on ihe basis of ^ir WiiilingnesS. to play as well as their natuiai taimit; along the pigskin tbting lines.;
- ieleas^knbwnof Pfirdue’s many varsity intercollegiate sports, and . yet one which participates in more matches and covers more territory in a school year is that bf pistbi shobting. one Wdttia naturally tmnk, at thought, that the football or bssketball teams Wonld pi^bhably cbyer more of the Country playing their games, but the tlMversity bulletin shows that the pistol team engaged in a total of thirty-four matches last season while the total number of basketball and football games played was only, twenty-eight. In addition, the pistol team scored thirty-one wins for the season that gave them an average of .911. This is the highest percentage of wins recorded by any of the varsity teams engaged in intercollegiate competition. Come One, Come All At present, the team has scheduled matches with every colleg< team in the country that will accept its challenge. Ih addition to these collegiate matches, they fire against civilian teams and also against squads of other R. O. T. C.
uhits.
Beginning in 1934, pistol Shooting has been a minor varsity sport under the supervision of the athletic department, with minor letter awards being made each year to the qualifying members. At the same time the team was made one of the minor varsity teams it was also made open to any student on the caiupus. Thus at the present time, m^ Vv^ in tlm Rv O T; C- pnit^may; be on the team. Choose From 700 Every year, at the beginning of the first semester, there is a cal! for tke novice pistol group. Usnally about 700 turn but for this finng
m
, From Ten are chosen from thii group oh the showing they have made in the practice rounds. These ten fire in
EIslc' P^al
; • :,FAOT-A.;MSK ROBaffiT ®. KISK : ' HABOajH.J. BISK ’.. ■■ - LTOHBR- A. RISK ... 4flid Sdnitts Ride. FIioim STOl
DEAC :;;ilAS; itpSYTHlNCi / „ - .: :€biXEGE l^CArm
oU E(;ni^ cotdd ;
So the Purdue Memorial Union prints its hartie in the nrietmotles ahid actoss the mihds of all Puriue. ■ By the printed and spokeh Word neW friends are brought to the Union and old ones realize more greatly its benefits.: .■ But the Union can-t emblazon its name by the spoken and written word. Only by continuous day in and day out service . . . only by placing quality first cart the UriiGn's jQafeteria> Union Club, Chestnut Room and other facili? ties stand first with Purdue.
Purdue MemonalUni^ "Corner of the Compos, Yet the Contef of Cof/ege Activities’’
highest scores fihal competition. At the same tiinO the Purdue team is firing, the team against whom they are competiag is also shooting its mateb^ !Lhe and the winner determined by the tota^ scores. It is this telegraphic featime of the matches which enables the team to engage in so many different meets daring the year with teams from Maine ^ Galxfomia and from Canada to Mexico. Outstanding Record The record for the past two years gives some idea of the caliber of the teams which have been turned out by Captain Kay, varsity coach. In 1934 the team captured one championship. Last year they were leaders in two matches, and so far tliis yeur they have Won one championship and are . ranking high in other contests which have not hbeh
finished;
At present the squad is tekding in the National Rifie^ Association twenty yard league and m: second in the Mty foot league sponsored by the same group. These two leagues consist of slow, time, and rapid fire courses.
Masstttnmcy WfflBe iPlaydllaFewD^a
Within the next few days, ihe annual interfratemity- sprii
^ spring golf
tournament witi be played at the Public GoH Course. TWus contest.
nament beckitse of Hie large number of pdrticipafits, shoRia proye popular with the dubs, as just about every person that h^ eVer swung a -club is eligible to compete. If a fraternity has less than 30 memberk, one-third of the membership meet play, while a j^temity with over thirty memberk must play only one^fourth of its total membership. Standing Tha kHinding of each tekifi Will be ’coiiiputed by adding the strokes of each member and dividing by the number of entries. Di other Words, the. average of the sHokes Will be the score, assuming that the required Runiber piay. In order that all entries stay in their classes, mokt of the matched are scheduled at 4 p. m. All matches of nine holes each must be played in fourkomes with not more than one miUi from a fraternity in each gronp. After the match, each player will sign his opponents’ score card^ indicating that the score is valid and has not been aided noticeably by the use of the hand mashie. Providing that at least fifteen .fratoyintikk:.-.':.c6ih^tej - R.'-.cu]^:,. ’v^l.’be
to pla^ hi inc^e timh two leagi^.
;Saidstfy - b^.; and pocketbook at the .
mrzi SANDWICH SHOE 213 Vine St; W. Lafayette
,, Vi^riGus fn fimee mtt nf fear 1 games since the rctimi ^ southern trip, sixteen menibers e|,
^ I
Purdne^s baseball squad wili kavw here this morning for Chicagii^ where the Bdlermakent will o; their Bi« Ten season against
i'Jwroclpo' .©wllSkW^puW
will probably dmw ^ latching os-' signment in the eonferciice lid Hfter, with Downey, Martin and IB^ntx < /.
aU ready for relief duty. ¥ ¥ ¥ ^ ^ ^ ¥’
GOLFSC^DULB
Today
Delta Tan Delta, Sigma Alpha
Tomorrew Alpha Tan Omega, Delta Sigma Lambda, Eappa Delta Bho, PM Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Pl^ PM Eappa Sigma, Sigina Alpha Mo, Sigma Nu, Sigma PM Epsilon, Drita Upsilon;
NOTtCB Archery for men afternoon except Satmnh^ from 4 to 5:30 o’clock.
given to the winning team, and medals will be presented to each member of the team, in addition twenty-five participation points will be awarded, pins five to the winner 4md-ti|aree ty.:tiie.
•
/; llFilik Milk for
Milk is youp best food—
]^or<i» Boei-gy’
A&r 25 ^drliAVU X;H1a: .ox tive elements that your body needs. Rich In min-
Gall JOHNSON ; Phone 41SBS1
erals and rich in food . value, it*s _ body-buHdlnff iO'nd'.
Johnson’S dairy
Few ’‘loads** of pleasu^ with Half & Ha^ Cool as the summons: “The dean wants to see you.** Sw^ as his greeting: “My boy, you’ve made good.** Fragrant, full-bodied tobacco that won’t bite the tongue-—in a tin that won’t bite the fingers. Made by our exclusive modem process including patent
NM a NC el Uto hi tlw tohMce «r Cho TiIwmh Tki, whkii arts tmiWn em* twwMw m »eit imemp tmi mimme. m imm Mn «t yw now* ta a ta«% ema the Im» cm. OoiKPitfbll 1030* tiM AlBMKiMft
citaiimI
g :
Issue Editor-^-Jeamie Januusek.
f t
Sportswomen To Sponsor Ic Garnival Bill Jones Will Furnish Dance Music Ih
Women's Gym
One cent is the admission charge to the Penny Carnival to be \ held Saturday from 3 to 7:30 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium, under the sponsorship of the Purdue Sportswomen. The gymnasium will be disguised as a large Circus tent. EaCh organization, including the sororities, W. A. A., P. I. A., and the Sportswomen, will have booths of various kinds, including fortune tellers, side shows, a telegraph office, a Purdue Hall of Fame, a tumbling act, tap dancing, and
many other features.
Judges will award a cup to the booth proving to be the most interesting and entertaining. Beginning at 5 o’clock and continuing until 7:30 o’clock. Bill Jones and his or^ chestra will play for dancing in the small gymnasium.Admission to this feature will be 25 cents. During the dinner hour sandwiches, salad, candy, and various types of “circus
food” will be available.
Co-eds To ,Attend WSGA Meeting ’ At Den n ison U ♦; Ruth Copeland, president of W. S. G. A., Irene Feldt, Helen Hall retiring president of the organization, Jeanette Scudder, vice president, and Dean Dorothy Stratton will attend the W. S. G. A. convention beginning today and lasting imtil Saturday at Dennison Uni-
versity at Granville^ Ohio.
The theme of the convention is “Are We Progressing” with 1 Mary C. Love Collins, national president of Chi Omega and lawyer in Cincinnati, Mrs. sWnk B Slutz, chairman of the Department of American Home of the Ohio Federation of Women’s Clubs, Dean Mildred A. McAfee of Oberlin, and Mrs. Horace King of Dennison Uni-
versity as the speakers.
There will be exhibits of interesting material as handbooks, scrap books, and songs from the various schools represented at the convention. As social features of the convention there will be a reception at President Shaw’s home, a formal banquet with enterteinment by the Orchesis and Glee dubs, and a hay-
ride and picnic.
Go-ed ThriMi
On Historic City Trolley “Bumping, bouncing, over the bounding rails” might WeU be an inspiring addition to the seemingly small group of Purdue songsi It is impossible to imagine life going oil at Purdue without the street-cars. They are a present necessity, and they are also a Iradition. A traffitiott ? Yes, it was a long generation ago that these very cars
I first whisked across the Wabash. Away back then, the conductor’s life was hard indeed. Any time, his car might be besieged by roWdy sophomores, and he might be seized and thrown out upon the street. The students, then'in Charge, would run the car to their chosen destination and abandon it there. Other fun seeking Boilermakers might find it, get aboard, and take an adventurous trip around the town. So the early life of Purdue Only and University Street must have been exciting indeed. Now they are old, and conditions are more peaceful. Students pay their fare and then sit quietly in their places-r-that is, except after basketball games. Then the old feud between students and conductor rises again, and the car is rocked back and forth until the
conductor stops the car. Personalities Not Lacking
Personalities are not lacking to these street cars! There is something friendly about Purdue Only, and all of them are kind and patient. How often they wait for laggards, and then like a horse held back until the final stretch of a race and finally given the rein, the street car rushes forward to make qp the lost minutes. Sparks fly, the rails groan, and passengers grab their seats and grin with the thrill
of speed,
And so we include the street car in our list of superior methods of transportation. Won’t you take
ride?
Foreign Student At Indiana Tells Of Education In Czechoslovakia
By U; E. McCartney. From a one room, thatched roof Bchoolhouse in a tiny Ozechosldvar kian village to~ the standing of a junior at Ihdihha Umvdrsi^ stoty of Anieka Sziddf6^8, who came to America with her mother ih;1921. ' J^na Sedor, how knoWn by her Americanized name, is working her way through school by helping at the Univermty as an N, Y. A. Worker and earning her room by iaking care of a seven year bid youngster of a Bloomington family. Her far ther, who came to Auaerican in 1913 is a welder ih Whitihjg,. and thus
McQoeenTa Speak At Survey Meeting Miss Jessie McQueen, the home service counsellor of the American Gas Association, whose headquarters are in New York City, will speak at the meeting of the survey class at 11 o’clock, April 21. Miss McQueen will discuss the service she renders homemakers in better acquainting them with equipment and showing them how to use it
more efficiently.
Miss Hannah McEwan, ’34, addressed the class yesterday morning in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building, discussing her work as a demonstrator ih the home service department of the Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Uompany. While in the University, Miss McEwan specialized in institutional management.
Kappas Win Second Scholarship Trophy By leading all other sororities in scholarship for the past three semesters Kappa Kappa Gamma has now gained permanent possession of the Dean Carolyn Shoemaker cup for excellence in scholarship. This is the second Shoemaker trophy to be won by the Kappas, the first having been in 1931. The cup is especially prized by Kappa members as Dean Shoemaker was a Kappa while attending college. Three consecutive wins were required for permanent possession of the trophy. Kappa Alpha Theta and Chi Omega had each won two legs on the cup previously.
AUPHA CHI OMEGA Alpha Chi Omega announces the el^on and installation of the follo||ng o;fficers: president, Ellen J^na; vice l^resident, Cue Holden; sebretary, Charlotte RaWles; teeasiW^, l!arieiue Louis; social chairnmn; Betty Ami Florer ; rush chairman, Jane Thombruugh.
"Art" Is Topic Of Discussion Group Byron Legg will lead the discussion on “Art” at the regular meeting of the Discussion Group in room 2 of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 this evening. The subject will be considered from the lasmaan’s point of view, and the group will attempt to define art and the effect it has had upon the world
Inwood Takes Job Miss Mildred InWood, ’36, a mem' her of Alpha Chi Omega sorority and former campus beauty queen, has just accepted a position as metabolic dietitian at the Hahnemann hospital in Philadelphia. She has been serving as student dietitian for the past year in the Philadelphia General hospital.
Emphasize Your Personality^ With Proper Gorsages;; ■ By - Jean Brown. '■ Are you ever in doubt as to the type, color, and size of corsage to suggest, or do you ever wonder if you are Wearing your flbwers in the correct position? Perhaps, U few facts about corsage arrangements
would be, helpful.
Shoulder bouquets, wrist bracelets, and flowers for the hair are types most commonly worn, and special designed flowers for extreme costumes are sometimes placed around the edge of a cape, made into a little hat, piimed to the back of the dress, to the sleeve or fastened on the muff. “A Spot Of Color” The duty of the flower is “a spot of color”. White flowers are smart most any gown—red, orange, and yellow flowers for white black, and pink, blue, lavender, and pale yellow bouquets for pastels. Corsages should be lightweight and of a dainty size, for too large a bouquet unbalances the costume. The shape of the corsage should follow the lines of the dress if possible, and it should be placed in the most suitable position with regard to the type of gown. Corsages are usually worn on the left shoidder— the exception being for a dance when they are placed on the right shoulder. It depends mostly on in-
dividual taste.
pays for her board. With plans for a teaching career well formulated, this Czechoslovakian- " tells mahy i^^ things about schools of her native
countrjr.! The^^ p
1^ mouhtaihs and sp seevlittle of th® bufsIdd/WorM. 'Ye^ !>edpl® receive more schooling than is nebessary tb read and vtrite. The school which Anna attended uSed three readers; and when the pupils had finished them, learned to write, and do simple arithmetic problems, their education was complete. - Due to many political changes to which the Ruthenian province which was her home was subjected, it has acquired an interesting language that is a mixture of Russian and Greek. There is no definite system of spelling so the words are spelled exact-
ly as pronounced.
Eager To Become Citizens ■ Miss Sedor came to America when eight years old; therefore she attended American grade and high schools where she was an honor student. Both she and her father have taken out naturalization papers and are eager to become
American citizens.
> i ^ ^ M ' Changu Proiu Houl-s
CanT Decide Controversy
Prom Petition Will Be Tested By Executive Committee Final decision regarding the proposal to, extend the hours foi^ Prpin breakfasts half an hour vrill be placed in the: hands of the W. S. G. A.' Executive Board.ubtiph was taken last night by the Judicial Bpard pf the organizatipn, following unfavorable comment by board mbmbers on the petition submitted to W. $1. <3. A. by the Prom committee. . Since several officers of the organization will attend the W. S. (}• A. convention to tie held at Dennison University this week^, the decision Vdll not be made until the next meeting of the Executive Bosrd Wednesday, April .22. Much criticism has been directed tovpard the existing Prom rules; some feeling that they are too strict, others that they are too lax.
Consideration of similar rules at other Big Ten universities would provide standards for comparison. The rules at this University and those, at the University of Minnesota are the same and the latest of any in this group of schools. The majority of schools end their Proms at 2 o’clock and require their women students to be in. their places of residence one hour after Prom ends. The most strict regulations
at ^e U^
vdiose Prom ehds at 12:50 and cP^ eds are Required to be in iheir resi-
dences by 1:30. S
Jea netteScudclef Na rrted .ijoid'PepperPresideiii Jeanette Scudder was elected the president of Gold Peppers, co-ed athletic booster hon6rary> in the elections held yesterday at 5 o’clock in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. Other officers were: June Lippert, vice president; Betty Barnette, secretary; and Dorothy Kiiehnj treasurer.
HoBneEcSludentsToSee Cleaner Demonslralion Miss Madge Dilts, of the home economics department of the Hoover Company, will give two lecturedemonstrations on April 20 in the Home Economics Auditorium. At 9 o’clock in the morning Miss Dilts will discuss and demonstrate electric cleaners. The subject for her second lecture at 4 o’clock will be “Carpets and Their Care”, discussing details regarding standard types of carpets on the market and the new types being developed by the manufacturers. She will also discuss the manner of identifying each type, its comparative price, and durability, A collection of carpet samples will be used to demonstrate her points. Both lectures are open to the public.
Virgiuia Gobble Wins Columbia Scholarship Miss Virginia Gobble has been awarded a scholarship in psychology by Columbia University. Each year these scholarships, including room and board at Johnson Hall, are given to students of outstanding ability in various fields including teaching experience, and scholelrship index. Miss Gobble expects to receive her masters degree ih psychology at this university.
Economy Permanents! Om* regular Croqnlnole Wave mth a shampoo and finger wave extra for only ^ .50
Remember our special offer to co-eds every Thursday.
632 Main St
Phone 7727
Have you lost something? Are you wautliig a ride home this week end ? Do you want to rent or sell something? Solve your troubles and quit worrying—Take advantage of the low rate of
CLASSIFIED ADS Only 2 cent a word, with a minimum charge of 2y i