Maby^ Wells Tie For PIA Presidency In a hotly contested election held yesterday in the Union Building lobby, Ralph D. Maby, junior agriculture student, and Donald K. Wells, junior chemical engineer, tied for the presidency of the Purdue Independent Association. Two hundred and six votes were cast. According to officials who are in charge, a second election will be necessary, and will be held at a special desk in the Union lobby tomorrow from 7:30 a. m. to 5 p. m. Other students elected to office were Bob Heine, Ph. ’39, vice-presi-dent; Mary Glenn Yeager, HE ’41, secretary; Fred Baase, ME ’39, treasurer; and Mary Wien, HE ’39, co-ed executive. In order to cast a vote in the second election tomorrow, PIA members must present their passports at the poll in the Union lobby. At a meeting Monday, the newlyelected officers will appoint the remaining members of the cabinet. Petitions for these appointments may be turned in up to and including that date. David Ross Baiiqiot 1 To HoadSine Larne Gala Week Proiram One of the high spots of this week-end’s gala entertainment program will be the annual alumni banquet Saturday evening in the Union ballroom at 6 o’clock, when David E. Ross, Lafayette, president of the University Board of Ti’ustees, will be the guest of honor. At the banquet, John T. McCutcheon, ’89, cartoonist of the Chicago Tribune, will act as toastmaster. John W. Burt, Indianapolis, president of the 1893 class, will give a ,short talk. Short speeches are also scheduled from the following men: Dave Thompson, Jr., ME ’38, and chairman of the Gala Week committee; Henry W. Marshall, Sr., local publisher and former pi-esident of the board of trustees; Burr S. Swezey, ’13, president of the Purdue Alumni Association; William H. Winterrowd, Chicago, ’07; George Ade, ’87; Bruce Rogers, ’90; James W. Noel, Indianapolis, presenting the trustees; and President E. C. Elliott. Music will be provided by the University Men’s Glee Club. The dinnei is for alumni, faculty students, and townspeople who wish to attend. Tickets- may be obtained for $1.25 at the alumni office, the , Union desk, or at Decker’s in Lafayette. The dinner will be followed by a dance at which Bill Carlsen k and his orchestra will play. The price of the banquet ticket includes the dance; the dance alone will cost the usual $1 per couple. “ At 11 p. m., during the dance, senior lettermen will be awarded “P” blankets. The dance will last ^ from 9 to 12, Six Will Vie For Speech 14 Hohors Speech 14 convocation, the semiannual meeting of 700 students who take the course, will be held tonight in Fowler Hall at 7:16. Representatives from the 28 Speech 14 classes met yesterday in University Hall for. try-outs, and W. D. Har|''*mon, M. E. Keane, C, F, Lutz, E. Matthews, J. Nitsche, and W. White were chosen to compete in f.)i tonight’s convocation for winning honors. The speeches consist of presenting proposals to a hypothetical body having the power to act upon the proposal, and are limited tp 6 minutes. The contestants are instructed to report at Fowler Hall at 7:15 p, m.
{
\
Piudue Exponent
Elliott To Hood
Uninvited Guests Turn Bees On Razzers senate
Lafayette, Ixidliana
WEDNESDAY
April 27. 1938
VOL. 49
No. 164
Students To Strike For Peace Today In Nation-Wide Demonstration At 11 In a University demonstration in conjunction with the na-tion-wide student strike against war, the Purdue Peace Committee will sponsor a talk today by Robert Colodny, who drove an ambulance recently for the American Medical Unit in the Spanish Civil War zone. The program will start at 11 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. ' '
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Increasing cloudiness with thundershowers to•day; cooler extereme northwest. Thunder showers tonight and cooler tamorrovr. Yeitex;4«y’8 Tewppratures: Low, high, 87.
I A native of Phoenix, Ariz., where he was born in 1914, Colodny attended Columbia University in New York City, and received a B.S. degree in chemistry in 1936. At present he is studying for his master’s degree at the University of Chicago, During the past year, Colodny has been in Europe driving an ambulance for the American Medical Unit in Spain. In this capacity he convoyed ambulances from Paris to Barcelona and then to Madrid. While In Spain . . , ... he received minor injuries when the American Hospital at Tarancon was bombed by General Franco’s airplanes in November, 1937. He also witnessed the bombing of Madrid and the recent bombing of Barcelona, in which 1,200 civilians were killed and the city practically destroyed. Having spent much of his time in France, Robert Colodny saw the war preparations in progress there, and on his return trip observed the preparations being made in England. Following the Speech . . . . . . Miss Helen Spaulding, secretai’y of the United Christian Missionary Society and in charge of youth work by that organization, will conduct a seminar in the fac(Continued on page 4) Dr. Harding Lists Requisites For Miidern Engineer In a recent issue of The Rochester Indicator, official publication of the Engineers’ Club of Rochester, N. Y., Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the school of electrical engineering, wrote his views on engineering training. His article was entitled “The Engineer, Business and the Law.” “The embryo engineer without a partial knowledge of the law and the economics of business is only one-third an engineer. If, in addition, or rather by subtraction, he cannot express his engineering reports in easily understandable oral and written English, he is only onefourth of an engineer,” wrote Dr. Harding. He Also Quoted . . . . . . from the preface of “Legal and Ethical Phases of Engineering,” a book written by Prof. D. T. Canfield, of the electrical engineering staff, in collaboration with Dr. Harding. “The recent depression and the present recession, with all their disappointments, and setbacks, have taught the engineer that he can and should do more than engineer the materials and forces of nature. He must engineer society as well. To do this, he must know society and his fellowmen,” Dr. Harding said in his article. Gala Week Variety Hour To Co-Star Sal Palma, Benny Burns Sal Palma and Benny Burns, actors who gained recognition in “Of Thee I Sing,” musical comedy, will be co-starred on Saturday’s WBAA Variety Hour, according to an announcement by Henry Miller, master of ceremonies. The Variety Hour will be from 8 to 4 o’clock, as part of the Gala Week program. The program ia open to the public and will be broadcast by WBAA. Carol Heath, blond imitator of screen and radio personalities and Bud Bryant’s orchestra, with Jo Friend, will also be on the progpram.
SAA To Condyct Poll On Election Amendments A proposed change in the election of Student Athletic Association officers was announced yesterday by SAA President Bill Bailey. The proposed change will be voted upon as an amendment to the the SAA constitution. No definite date has been set for voting, but because of SAA ruling, changes to the amendment may not be voted upon until 10 days after publication of the proposed change. All students are members of the SAA, and are eligible to cast a ballot. In preceding SAA elections, senior officers were chosen by popular vote with candidate receiving the most votes being made president the most vote being made president and the candidate next in line becoming secretary. One head cheer leader is chosen by popular vote under the present system. Amendments . . . . . . proposed to the SAA constitution are: Article 5, Section 1. The officers of the association shall be a senior president, two junior vice-presi-dents, and a senior secretary. The junior officers shall be chosen by;, popular ballot. The senior President and secretary shall be chosen from the two junior officers of the preceding year by a committee consisting of the two retiring senior officers, the athletic director, the president of the “P” Club, and the faculty athletic committee chairman. A student holding a major award in a varsity sport is not eligible for office in the association. Selection of both senior and junior officers in the designated manner shall be made not later than one month before the termination of the academic year. Article 6 . . . . . . Section 1. There shall be two senior head cheer leaders appointed from the four junior cheer leaders by a committee consisting of the SAA officers, president of the Gimlet Club, president of the Reamers Club, president of Gdld Peppers, the athletic director, and the retiring head cheer leaders. The above committee shall also select the four junior cheer leaders from the eligible candidates selected by the head cheer leaders.
Acting Athletic Diredor Woodworth Receives Leather Medal Award; Professor Estey Named 'Best Teacher' In spite of hundreds of swarming honey bees tossed into the Union ballroom near the end of the Sigma Delta Chi 1938 Gridiron Razz Banquet last night, the chosen 200 guests pronounced the affair a huge success. Jealous persons not invited hurled two large paper bags full of the angry bees into a comer of the ballroom, but fortunately most of the bees did not escape until
the banquet was over.
Acting Athletic Director Robert C. Woodworth was awarded
the Leather Medal.
Professor J. A. Estey, of the history, government and economics department was dubbed best “Good Teacher” of Purdue University, and received an appropriate award. Enthusiastic . . . ■' '
. . . banquet supporter Doc Anderson, of Lafayette, led the crowd into the ballroom at 6:40, where each guest found at his seat a pro-gram-placecard, especially designed in keeping with the razz theme. After a poetic pledge of good sportsmanship and secrecy, the Roastmaster naade his entrance and the Gridiron Banquet was officially
under way.
When several persons were nabbed in the acts of violating Razz Banquet rules. Hell’s Angels, Prof. C. S. “Pop” Doan, and Prof. D. T. “Doc” Canfield exerted their policing authority quite properly with guns and billy clubs. Roastmaster . . . . . . opened the evening’s razz even before the banquet started and he could not be suppressed, even while guests were eating. A powerful public address system fed by two microphones brought Roastmaster’s stentorian voice to the guests, allowing them to catch the full sarcastic portent of his razz. Soon after dinner an elimination contest was held between all the famed chalk throwers of i the University. Ten well-known hurlers (Continued on page 2)
Speech Correcters To Heel Saturday Indiana Speech Correction Association will meet at the University Saturday for a spring conference on handicaps in speech. The meeting will begin with registration on Saturday morning from 8 to 9:30 at the Speech Clinic in University Hall. Miss Jayne Shover, of the East Chicago Public Schools, will be the chairman of the morning sessions, in which several talks and demonstrations on correcting handicaps in speech will be given. At 12:30 Dr. A. H. Monroe, of the speech department, and Dr. Joseph Tiffin, of the education and applied psychology department, will speak in “The Future for Speech Correctionists” at a luncheon at Lincoln Lodge. In the afternoon. Dr. M. D. Steer, of the speech department, will act as chairman as more talks are given. A tea at 4 p. m. will end the conference.
Mellon Conducts Unique Research In Colorimetry
By H. I. Stanback Research in colorimetry is the rather unique field which Chemistry Professor M. G. Mellon, head man in University quantitative analysis courses is engaged in. A costly instrument with a fancy name helps him in his work—the photoelectric spectrophotometer. Mellon’s is the only instrument of its kind in any university laboratory, and is the first one of its type ever built. Justifying its ornate title, the spectrophotometer is an extremely complicated and delicate instrument. Its function is the comparison of transparent or reflecting objects with respect to the intensity of light or different colors they will transmit or reflect. With all its delicacy, however, this machine is accurate, and especially valuable because it plots its own curves.
A multitude of uses have been found for the spectrophotometer. Industry uses it for matching colors, keeping the colors of manufactured products accurately identical, and for making many other tests having to do with Color. Professor Mellon and his staff of graduate students work mainly with colorimetric analyses of liquid solutions, although they occasionally dabble in the fields of glasses and dyed plastics. Quantitative Analysis ... ... of ccc solutions by the light intensity comparisons is the comparatively new field that Professor Mellon is using his “glorified gadget” for. One of his research tasks is the development of new testing procedures for analyses. One of his (Continued on page 2^
Facylty Approves .
Library File For Exam Questions
Lond desired by the student body, a resolution to place all final examinations on file has been approved by the faculty, according to an announcement made yesterday by President E. C. Elliott. The files, which will be open to all University students, are to be placed in the li-
brary.
According to present plans, final examinations to be given this June will be the first to be placed on file. These tests, which will all be in printed form, should prove a considerable help to students studying for finals, as it will enable them to get an accurate idea of what to expect in view of what has been given in previous exams. Bud Bryant Will Play For Annual WRH Spring Hop “South Sea Swing” will be the theme of the annual spring formal dance of the Women’s Residence Halls, Saturday, from 9 to midnight. I Bud Bryant and his band will play in the south hall, and his music will be amplified in the north hall recreation room. Refreshments will be served in the lighted court if the weather permits. General chairmen for the dance are Adele Bardach and Anabelle Teeter. They are being assisted by Louise Schickler, Roslemary File, and Anna Marie Rice. The programs were arranged by Jean Prey. Georgialee Weigle is designing the wall decorations. “All old residents are welcome to drop in during the evening,” said Miss Helen Schleman, dii-ector of the halls. Elliott Defines Good Counselor “Ability to get along with, adapt oneself to, and, in a measure, manage other people is one of the qualities of a good counselor,” stressed Dr. Edward C. Elliott at a joint WSGA and engineering counselors’ meeting yesterday in the Stanley Coulter Hall lecture room. “Health is also a necessity, for the work of the world is done, by and large, by people who have surplus energy,” Dr. Elliott informed the 200 counselors present. Judgement he defined as the capacity for making mature decisions. Intelligence and ability to make good grades are not part of it. Character which is most important in the making of a good counselor, covers the qualities of honesty, truthfulness, reliability and loyalty, he said. Intelligence, appearance and manner, industry, initiative, business sense and a sense of civic and cultural responsibility complete President Elliott’s list of good counselor’s qualities.
C. G. Elliott, junior ag, and member of Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity, was elected president of the Student Senate to succeed President Dan Rohyans, at the regular meeting of the Senate last night in the
Union Building.
Office of vice-president went to J. H. Jacobi, junior chemical engineer and member of Triangle fraternity. R. H. Jacks was unanimously chosen for the office of treasurer. Also unanimously elected was Mary Townsend, junior home ec and member of Chi Omega sorority, for the office of secre-
tary.
After receiving congratulations from fellow senators. Presidentelect Elliott stated: “During the coming year I will do everything within my power to make the Senate a more representative body and devote myself wholeheartedly to making the coming national convention of the NSFA (to be held on the campus next Christmas vacation) a big success.” R. I. Schumacher, Sigma Chi and junior public service engineer, was unanimously elected to fill a new position of chairman of national convention. He will be in charge of all arrangements pertaining to the NSFA conclave next year. New Senate officers will be installed at the Senate banquet to be held in the Union Building on Monday, May 16. Coal Men To Meet At University For Two Day Session Sponsored by the school of mechanical engineering and the engineering extension department, a two-day conference dealing with problems of producers, distributors, and users of Indiana coal will be held here at the University tomorrow and Friday. Over two hundred are expected to attend, conference officials state. Prof. G. A. Young, head of the mechanical department, wiU welcome the group tomorrow morning. His talk will be followed by discussions on “The Coal Fields of Indiana” by F. L. Serviss, University professor of geology, and “Burning Characteristics of Indiana Coals” by M. A. Tuttle, combustion engineer for Knox Consolidated Coal Co., Indianapolis. During The Afternoon . . . . . .state coal will be discussed with relation to mechanical stokers, dimensions of furnaces, and fuel beds. Dean of Engineering A. A. Potter will deliver an illustrated lecture on energy resources and power production in the United States during the evening session. Friday’s meetings will feature discussions on the control problems of the domestic stoker, and trouble shooting in residential heating plants. As an evening aftermath, conference attenders will look over the University at the Open House Friday night. WSGA Leaders Leave For ConventioR Today Georganna Huber, Mary Alice Learning, Dorothy Martenet, Betty Jo Sexton, and Betty Ann Stewart will represent the University WSGA at the central section conference to be held at Michigan State College, East Lansing, Mich., tomorrow, Friday, and Saturday. The delegation, accomi>anied by Miss Helen Schleman, director of the Women’s Residence Halls, will leave by car at 1 o’clock this after-
noon.
Betty Ann Stewart will have charge of a discussion on “Developing Leadership” and Dorothy Martenet will lead a Vocational Guidance group in the Saturday morning session. Miss Schleman will inspect the women’s residence halt** on the Michigan State campus. The group will return Saturday after-
noon.£djibfdaL
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
diuJWA.
Wednesday, April 27, 1938
JPm £dibA SxujA
Two Men Were Honored...
... by Sigma Delta Chi last night at the Gridiron Banquet revival. One received the Leather Medal annually given to the'University staff member who has done most for the University during the year, while the other obtained the “Best Teacher” Medallion, new award designed to recognize good teaching methods.
Robert C. Woodworth . . .
. . . who received the Leather Medal officially holds the title of Athletic. Publicity Director. During the past year, however, he has handled Athletic Directorship in addition to his regular duties. Woodworth, a tall, sombre man with a bushy black moustache and drawling, unhurried speech has a capacity for turning out unbelievable quantities of work. And turning out unbelievable quantities of work is what he has been forced to do in performing both jobs. Either position, in itself, requires hours of concentrated effort.
Bob has been able to perform both successfully only by depriving himself of many muchneeded hours of sleep. His daily schedule is a man-killer. He arrives at the publicity office in the morning, handles a ream of correspondence, gives radio comments, settles innumerable points of policy which can be appreciated only by a newsman, and then leaves at noon for his other office in the Fieldhouse where his duties are equally as trying and multitudinous. Many times he returns to the publicity office in the evening to work until the “wee hours.”
the Purdue Exponent
^l^oeiated
Entered aa second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of CJonirress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postasre proyfded for in section 1108, act of Oct 8, 1917, authorised Jan, 20, 1922. I>ubliahed daily except Monday durfau)' the retmlar academic year and weekly dnrin« the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail 88.60.
Edltor-InrCUef R. P. Manion
BusineaB Manacsr D. C. Miller
CO-ED STAFF Editor — - _.Eaiznbeth Fyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF Editor - **• Obenchaln Associate Editors J. S. Brown, K. L. McDonald. B. D. Wttwer
PUBLICATION STAFF
Manasrinar Editor
_J. K. Brock
Editor's Secretary, Associate Editors.
-Marsraret Sawyer
D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin. C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanbw^ D, B. Vance
Sophomore Assistants—R. J. Deckard, 6. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, R. L. Keek, W. A. Kroei>lin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A. Torrence, J. C. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manauer' J. P. Girard National AdyertisinSr Manaeer W. J. fllllltan Local Adyertislns: Manaiter R. R. Honaler Circulation Manager — —M. C. Reeres
MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6837 BusSnesa Phone 8088
Niffht Editor—Hardin Issue Editor—Deckard Wednesday, April 27, 1938
ideas about living life enjoyably.
He is recognized by publishers and editors throughout the nation as one of the best publicity men in the business. The success of his efforts as acting athletic director can be judged by surveying the Fieldhouse which he put in running order. That Woodworth is A-1 Leather Medal material was not doubted by those who attended the banquet, and we do not believe it will be by anyone else.
Dr. Estey is brilliantly intelligent but does not force his brilliance upon acquaintances. He is normal, fun-loving and unassuming as the humorous crinkles about his eyes will testify.
In presenting the award President Elliott said:
Professor J. A. Estey ...
“Dr. Estey knows his stuff. By ‘his stuff,” I mean he knows thoroughly the material he teaches.
. . . who received the new “Best Teacher” Medallion was the first University professor to be interviewed by Exponent reporters in search of good teachers. The new medallion, as President Elliott mentioned in making the presentation, probably is the first award to go to a teacher for teaching, and we believe with Sigma Delta Chi men that Dr. Estey is the proper teacher to be so honored. His educational ideas already have been extolled in these columns, as have his very humanistic and liberal
“Dr. Estey knows their stuff. By ‘their stuff’ I mean the students he teaches.
“Dr. Estey knows its stuff. By ‘its’ I mean the world and worldy affairs. He is no mere academician.
“Those three qualifications are sufficient to indicate that he is the proper person to receive this award.”
There is no better way to say it... we agree heartily.
Mellon--
(Continued from page 1)
Dean Guy Stanton Ford, acting president of the University of Minnesota, has no time for hobbies. Besides his administrative duties, he is editor of Harper’s history series— a group of textbooks—editor-in-chief of Compton’s 16 volumes of Pictured Encyclopedia, and has won a diploma for distinguished service to science from Sigma Xi. So what chance has stamp-collecting?
interrupted.
Wesleyan is the first chartered Methodst school for women, and last fall entered its 102nd year of operations with an enrollment of 307.
graduate students has been working for a thesis on a color test for iron.
J. C. Furnas, author of “And Sudden Death” is embarking on a study of the smoking habits of prominent people. He is preparing a short but poignant book on the nation’s smoking habits and the national complex about over-smoking.
An attempt will be made to sell grounds, buildings and equipment, following rejection of a proposed settlement of bonds for $350,000. Negotiations with bondholders have been under way for about two years.
What, Where, When
Among his questions are: “Did your uncle or somebody else ever offer you a lump sum to keep from smoking till 21 ’ Do you feel ashamed of smoking before breakfast? How old were you when you first swore off ?
Briefly, the spectrophotometer itself is a light intensity comparer. Strong, white light from a projection bulb is passed through a large prism, broken up into a rainbow spectrum. A narrow band of this spectrum is selected, purified, then split in two. Each half of this band, after passing through a series of moving prisms is projected through a transparent specimen or reflected from an opaque specimen. One of these specimens is the material or solution to be tested; the other may be merely a clear solution, ov some standard object for which the properties are known.
Stanley Woodward, new sports editor of the New York HeraldTribune, played on the Amherst line, and was once flattened by Doc Spears when the fat one graced Dartmouth’s bruising forward wall. Stanley is the nation’s No. 1 football commentator, one of the .few sports-writers who actually know the technicalities of the game.
“The popularity of the Big Apple in America indicated a redblooded race above all, and it is probable that such a dance could not have origin^ited in any other nation which is considered civili2;ed.”
Those are the conclusions drawn by University of Washington’s Dr. E. R, Guthrie, who’s been doing research on this dance.
Wesleyan College (at Macon, Ga.) was put on the auction block March 1. The institution has been advertised for sale to satisfy bonds totaling $998,000, but classes were not
By Sally McKee June, the wedding month, is on the way and with it will come the usual supply of invitations to and announcements of weddings of sorority sisters, fraternity brothers, roommates, and classmates. These may be answered with a remembrance gift, small or large, depending largely on the degree of your acquaintance. All gifts are addressed to the bride; they are to be her property. What should the gift be? Never should it be personal, but something for the new family. Table linen, silver pieces, bed linen, odd bowls, china, small pieces of furniture, clocks, or lamps, glassware—^all are good items. But be careful—try to know a little before you buy. If it’s silver or chinaware, know before you make your purchase whether the bride has selected a pattern. Silver should be left unmarked, but bed linen or hand towels may be monogrammed with the bride’s two initials and that of her prospective husband. This contrary to old customs is 100 per cent correct by Emily Post, who says that formerly only the bride’s initials were used, but that best modem use is to mark with her future initials.
After the Two Bands
Phi Kappa Psi,..
POO-POO PURDUE . . . Gather your kisses while you may For time brings only sorrow. The girls who are so free today Are the chaperones of tomorrow.
COMPETITION . . . . . . from all appearances the Alfakys will soon cease to have a corner on University street. You just can’t be too Fuzzy these days.
AMAZING THE* MASSES . . . . . . “Honesty always pays” Jim “RACKETS” Shoemaker. ... “I didn’t make a cent.!’ Bob “PROM CHAIRMAN” Sasser. . . . “Who’s tired?” Bill “COUCH COASTER” Ourand. . . . “What carnival?” Larry “HY” Lyles. . . . “My hands ai'e cold” Winnie “NO-NO” Gregory.
YWQ !o Instill Officers Tonight
YWCA officers and new cabinet members for 1938-39 will be installed today at 5 o’clock in room B of the Union, according to Dorothy Bryant, retiring president and officer in charge of installation services. Miss Bryant said yesterday that cabinet members must report to the YWCA office at 5 today. The following officers will be installed: Betty Klein, president; Helen Conver, vice-president; Catherine Cooley, secretary; and Sara Alice McIntosh, treasurer. Leaders to be installed are Ruth Wattleworth, music; Edna Schwab, settleme(nt house; Juanita Julian and Helen Landgrebe, social service; Joyce Burnham and Ruth Bryant, office committee to assist Sara Alice McIntosh; Martha Moorehead, public affairs; and Thelma Bugher, literature. Martha Baker, philosophy and religion; Ruth Glunt, membership; Marga Mary Glunt, campus service; Wilma Eviston, Cary Home; Jane Hall, publicity; and Catherine Cooley, personal relations.
Students To Strike--
(Continued from page 1)
. . . have been reflected or have passed through the specimens, their intensity relation is photoelectrically determined and automatically graphed. These graphs are plotted with abscissa corresponding to wave length or color of the spectrum length or color of the spectrum band selected and ordinate corresponding to the relative intensity in per cent.
This spectrophotometer, built by General Electric, has been in service for three and a half years now, and has given 1500 hours of continuous service. The rarity of such instruments is shown by the fact that the General Electric Company is now constructing the twentieth one.
. . . fraternity announces the election of the following officers: J. W. Bailey, pre:|ident; R. E. Bryant, vice president; J. C. Van Horn, secretary; D. T. Fisher, treasurer; R. H. Horner, steward; and R. G. Carlson, sergeant-at-arms. It also announces the pledging of J. W. Aulson of Waukegan, 111.; L. J. Brodd of Chicago, 111.; and R. W. Reed of LaGrange, 111.
ulty lounge of the Union Building at noon. She will discuss the part women play in preserving peace. The noon seminar is open to all students as a “fast for peace” program in which the students are asked by the Peace Committee not to eat lunch, but to donate their lunch money to the cause of peace. The payment is optional with the student, but this is the only way of paying for the peace demonstration, the Committee announced. As an aftermath to the demonstration, the Peace Committee will show the 11-reel film “All Quiet on the Western Front” in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building at 7:30 p. m. tomorrbw. The picture will be free to all students. The Film . . . . . . was popular several years ago and starred Lew Ayres and Slim Summerville. The picture depicts the story of German boys who fought in the World War. The Purdue Christian Foundation, Roger Williams Club, Purdue Student Alliance, Wesley Foundation, and Purdue Union of Jewish Youth are cooperating with the Peace Committee in the demonstration. Walter Weijola, freshman engineer, is the chairtnan of tha demonstration program committee.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
COMPLAINT TO THE MILITARY . . . Department. The future QUEENS OF THE COURTS have expressed their desire that the “student” soldiers confine their studies to topography instead of anatomical survey.
THE MILITARY DEPARTMENT . L . has replied that they are limitihg their aiming points to a tree stump and the radio tower. We regard this as an excellent substitute.
“A little late with yer spripg plantin’ ain’t ye,
WBAA
11:00—American Institutions. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts. 12:15—Sports Review, Bob Heine. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Market and Weather Reports. 1:00—Meditations, Rev. C. C. Harold. 1:15—“I Want a Job.” 1:30—The Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Wanita Wilson, soprano. 2:00—Arthur Evans, baritone. 2:15—This Week in Literature— A. R. Rolfs.
2:45—^Hymn Echoes—Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 3:00—The Home Decorator. 3:15—The American Scene. 3:30—Music With the Masters. 4:00—Reflections. 4:15—Melody Moods. 4:30—Concert Review.
2:30—You and Your Child.
ARC
Starts TOMORROW 2 FIRST RUN HITS!
—LAST DAY-
Lri —AND— GENE RAYMOND ANN SOUTHERN IN ‘THERE GOES MY GIRL’ —ALSO— “RADIO PATROL” No. 5
LADY BEHAVE with SALLY EILERS NEIL HAMILTON —Plus— DICK MERRILL PAULA STONE IN ATLANTIC FLIGHT
-LAST DAY—
TYRONE POWER ALICE FAYE DON AMECHE
— Tomorrow — Friday — FRANCIS LEDERER FRANCES DRAKE IN “THE LONE WOLF IN PARIS”
LUtlA
-LAST DAY-
WITH HERBERT MARSHALL
THURS. — FRI. — SAT. SMITH BALLEW LOU GEHRIG IN “RAWHIDE”
—AND— RALPH BELLAMY IN “THE CRIME OF DR. HALLET”iv
I-
ir
\Wednesday. ApoB 27. 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
ioif©maker line iefeats St. Joseph, 10-5
Steve Bacharach Wins Over Benna
Three Students Among 30 Boxers Fighting In American Legion Bouts At Lafayette Armory
In a three round battle at the Lafayette Armory last night, Steve Bacharach, Purdue middleweight, slugged his way to a victory over Joe Benna, Golden Gloves titleholder. The first two rounds were fairly close but both went to Steve. In the third round Benna went down but bounced back up and took the round. That, however, was not enough to offset Steve’s advantage.
Lone non-decision battle was that
between Burks and Beedle, Burks’ getting his eye cut badly and the
referee stopping the fight. Dr. Wheeler To Speak On Forestry Tomorrow Dr. H. N. Wheeler, chief lecturer
of U. S. Forest Service, will deliver an illustrated lecture on the various aspects of forestry and conservation in the United States, at 7:30 p. m. today, in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. Having advanced through successive ranks from forest guard to public relations specialist. Dr. Wheeler has first-hand knowledge of his subject
Dr. Wheeler is brought to the
campus through the combined efforts of the Purdue Forestry Club and the Tippecanoe County Conser-
vation Club.
In the other three feature fights, plenty of sizzling action took place. The Bodnar-Robinson and JonesWilson battles were both close but the nod went to Bodnar and Jones. The Ray Brown-Bud Chapman bout was a slugfest with no pulling of punches on either side. Brown won
on a close decision.
Two other University boxers did not fare so well, both losing close decisions. In the 118 poujid class, Grover Rose could not take all that was handed to him. He went down for a short count in the third round,
losing the fight.
Paul Keffaber, 147 pounder, lost his fight to Fultz by decision. All of the boys on the fight cards showed plenty of willingness to mix it up, consistently coming back for more. All of the ballots were amazingly even. Fourteen of the 15 bouts
went the full time.
Hold on .. . MR. D. H. HANKINS of
will be in our store all day, Wednesday, April 27th, showing the new ideas in PALM BEACH SUITS
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
♦ Beauty Studio • EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs - Fn KEENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
• Auto Rental
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourseli THAYER'S GARAGE Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL. A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. mSK
4th <Si Main
Phone 5701
Locksmith
LAWN MOWERS NEW—USED—SHARPENED New Mowers 6.50 and Up. Delivery service on Mowers. MULHAUPrS Phons 2828—209*11 M. Sth St
League Standings NATIONAL LEAGUE
Pittsburgh .
Won . 7
Lost 1
Pet. .875
New York
6
1
.856
Boston
4
2
.666
Chicago
5
3
.625
Cincinnati
3
5
.375
Brooklyn
2
5
.285
Philadelphia
1
5
.166
St. Louis
1
7
.125
Yesterday’s Results Chicago, 5; Pittsburgh, 3. Boston, 4; Brooklyn, 1. Cincinnati, 8; St. Louis, 7. New York, 12; Philadelphia, 8.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Cleveland
Won 6
Lost Pet. 1 .826
Boston
5
3
.625
Washington
5
3
.625
New York .
4
5
.444
Chicago
3
4
.428
St. Louis
3
5
.375
Detroit
3
5
.375
Philadelphia
2
5
.285
Yesterday’s Results Cleveland, 10; Chicago, 6. Detroit, 7; St. Louis, 1. Washington, 6; Boston, 4. New York, 5; Philadelphia, 3. Delta Chi Eieds Officers Delta Chi, social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: H. J. Simon, president; D, R, McLeish, vice-president; H. J. Bichsel, treasurer; C. E. Cougill, secretary; R. L. Lippman, corresponding secretary; and M. A. Keller, sheriff. New initiates are: A. B. Copeland, Elkhart; R. E. McWhirter, of Elkhart; H. J. Lucas, Lafayette; T. I. Harriman, Terre Haute; J. A. Bundy, Fort Wayne; M. H. Kennedy, Terre Haute; and W. B. Rectenwall, Spencerville.
LEARN TO DANCE By Enrolling in Our NEW BEGINNER’S CLASS Wed., April 27, 7:00 p. m.
Advanced Class Friday, Apr. 29 :00 p. m.
ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Track Stars Will Race For Honors In Drake Relays Five Purdue track stars will be among the 1,500 men contending for honors in the twenty-ninth annual running of the Drake Relays in Des Moines, la., this week-end. “This will probably be the largest track meet in the United States this year,” commented Coach Hermon Phillips, “and track stars from all parts of the country will be entered.” Lemen, ace hurdler, Knapp and Bodeau, ciack distance men, and Delong, dash man, and one quarter miler who has not yet been chosen, are to make the trip. They will enter the sprint relay as well as individual events on the program. Art Bodeau . . . . . . the Boilermaker middle distance star, will compete in the invitational 1000-yard run, along with Fenske of Wisconsin and Drake of Notre Dame. Bob Lemen will contend for honors in the high hurdles and the gruelling 440-yard hurdle event. Lemen won fourth place honors in the 440-yard hurdles in last year relays. The hurdles in this race, a regular Olympic event, are 36mches high and 40 yards apart. “This is probably the most gruelling race among all track events,” said Phillips in referring to the quarter mile race. In the Sprint Medley . . . . . . relay Bodeau’s strength as the anchor half-miler will make the Boilermaker quartet a real threat. A 440-yard dash man, who has not been chosen, will run the first leg of this relay. Lemen and DeLong will follow in the 220-yard events and Bodeau will finish the race. Knapp, who has shown great improvement, will be entered in the two-mile run, while DeLong will run in the 100 yard dash as well as the medley event. Phi Kappa Sigma ... . . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: E. J. Kelly, president; R. F. Weisehan, vice-president; C. B. Metz, social chairman; J. H. Bowling, treasurer; L. C. Farquhar, pledge, chairman; B. Withers, secretary; and E. C. Herschelman, scribe.
Entire Team Turns On Hitting Power To Blast Northerners By Score Of 10-5 Demonstrating the best hitting punch of the season, the Boilermaker varsity baseball nine defeated the St. Joseph’s College squad, 10-5, in their sixth game of the year yesterday afternoon on the home diamond. A sizeable crowd of students and local fans attended the slugfest.
Purdue was forced to use three pitchers in an effort to overcome the early lead the northern team garnered in the first two innings. Schiff was removed at the end of the third period after passing four men with the score standing 3-2 in favor of St. Joseph. Johnson, who replaced him, pitched good ball for three innings and was replaced by Mangas. Mangas demonstrated the best pitching ability of the game, striking out five men in his short turn in the box. The Boilermaker . . . . . . squad was m fine hitting form and repeatedly connected with the pitches of both Petit and Raterman, who did mound duty for the St. Joseph’s squad. Seven members of the Purdue squad earned hits in the contest, with home-runs being driven out by Dean and Bredewater. Dickinson also obtained a two base hit to share batting honors for the day with Dean with a total of four hits apiece. Bredewater scored his home-i’un on a hard hit ball to right field that bounced high over the fiielder’s head allowing him to score. Dean’s homer was earned on a long drive to left field. In Addition . . . ... to their fine hitting demonstration, the Boilermaker squad exhibited some brilliant fielding during the contest. Thompson’s play at shortstop was unusually outstanding, and was responsible for many put-outs during the game. The entire squad appeared much improved over their previous encounters. Score by innings: St. Joseph’s . 210 200 000— 5 Purdue 113 130 lOx—10 Dames Initiate Pledges Six new pledges were formally initiated to the University Undergraduate Dames Club, an organization for married University women, at a dinner held Saturday night in the chestnut room of the Union Building. Those initiated were: Mrs. P. J. Diffley, Mrs. W. W. Johnston, Mrs. L. W. Sears, Mrs. G. M. Wallace, and Mrs. D. E. Wentzel.
Here are those “foot-loose and fancy-free” shoes... they’re rugged, yet lightweight...fit perfectly, yet retain the peasant charm of old Mexico. Woven of all- v kOver WHITE or NATURAL leather."^Get yours today!
332 Main St.
Lafayette, Ind.
BROWN and WHITE SADDLE OXFORDS $1.99 to $3.50
Tau Epsilon Phi... . . . social frateinity, announces the election of the following officers: Harold Zweig, president; Irving Linderman, vice-president; Alvin Maierson, treasuier; Eugene Levinson, scribe; Leo Margolian,steward; Sherwin Scully, house manager; Sam Ashkenaz, pledgemaster; Herbert Plotkin, athletic manager; Leonard Brinkin, social chairman; and Jesse Swartz, historian. Company Promotes Grad Leonard Wood Jr., ME ’37, employed since gi-aduation by Armco International at Middleton, O., has been promoted recently to the managership of Armco’s newly established plant in San Juan, Puerto Rico. Wood will sail May 5 for his new post. He is the son of Mr, and Mrs. Leonard Wood, 132 Chauncey avenue.
Intramurals
BASEBALL—TODAY Diamond 1— Acacia vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 2— Theta Tau vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 3— Delta Tau Delta vs. Beta Theta Pi. 4— Sigma Chi vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 5— Cary Hall 5 vs. Cary HaU 1. 6— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 7— Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 8— Triangle vs. Phi Kappa. 9— Sigma Alpha l^u vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 10—Sigma Nu vs. Pi Kappa Alpha.
FRESHMAN TENNIS Today—4:15 H. Weiner vs. R. F. DeHoog. R. Rnderson vs. Ted Harriman. F. Elley vs. D. S. CampbelF. P. H. Ovens vs. C. L. Keyes. W. L. Vaughan vs. W. P. Thompson. H. F. Poll vs. M. A. Kline. D. L. Douglass vs. C. E. Sohl. I. A. Posse vs. F. H. Burrow. R. D. Hargesheimer vs. G. Brick.
Women’s Athletics
Swimming “There was a good crowd, 50 or more, attending the open swim last Thui'sday night,” said Miss Hilda Schwehn of the women’s physical education department yesterday, “and we’d like to see as many there next Thursday.” Each Thursday night fi-om 7:30 to 8, co-ed swimming will be held in the Memorial Gymnasium pool. From 8 to 9 there will be an open swim for both eds and co-eds. “This is a good chance for co-eds to get in their required practices for the intramural swim, which will be held May 11,” she also said.
When You Break Window Glass CaU us for prompt and efficient replacement. We also carry a full line of PITTSBURGH PAINTS and a complete uevr stodc. of WaU Papers. Huneck's Glass & Paint Co. 826 Mala PkoaeSUl'3katL Odtk,
THE POBOllE EXPONENT
^AaticaA.
Wednesday, April 27, 1938
Uninvited Guests-
J. A. Estey To Discuss
(Continued from pag-e 1)
Colleges, Depression
Dr. Claire E. Healey Address Women's Club
were called to the front. Each faced an opponent, waited the signal, and hurled. Finally victorious was mathematics Professor C. T. Hazard, who is known to many engineering students foi’ a deadly aim with the white cylinders. Following ... . . . presentation of two series of skits enacted by all-guest casts, and many other razz sequences, Roastmaster began his pi-esentations of awards. First in line came Jack Goory. who was presented with the Lily Award. His conquests along the lines of blind date Prom imports won him this prize and the title of “student with the most social achievements.” Dean Howard E. Enders, Science school potentate, was then awarded the Gold Derby, by proxy. Biology Professor C. M. “Jimmy” James, accepted the award for the absent Dean Enders. The Gold Derby is the SDX prize given to the faculty member who loafs most on the job. By Ballot ... . . . choice Dick Craig, Sigma Chi ME senior, seemed in line for the Brown Derby Awai’d, given to the student who gets by with the least effort. Sigma Delta Chi members, however, voted him dowm, since it was generally decided that Dick does not get by. In view of these facts, Dick Craig was allowed to present his fraternity brother Louis Putze, senior PSE, wnth the Derby. Putze was hailed as the logical choice by virtue of the work he Simon Legree’d from Union sophomores and freshmen in taking a traffic survey and compiling a report which Putze later turned in for school credit. W. A. Bodden ... . . . auditor of student organizations, presented Bob Woodworth with the Leather Medal. Woodworth then replied briefly, accepting the honor that is annually given to the person who has been of most service to Purdue University during the preceding twelvemonth. President E. C. Elliott then concluded the evening’s program by formally awarding Professor Estey with the new Good Teacher Medallion, making a short presentation speech flavored with the usual presidential humor. Rather abashed but duly grateful, Professor Estey accepted the Medallion, hoping “the boys gave it to the right person.”
a
WJ7 EBUCSTISn IS NOT esmPLEn uhtil sbu've sees
jilt'$ true. Think what you can learn in the land that gave the world Goethe, Wagner, Beethoven, Diirer, Niet$iche,Mozart, Kant and Luther. Great art and superb music ... each an education in itself. Possibly you would enjoy even more a glorious steamer trip on the castle-guarded Rhine or the blue Danube ... a visit to dear old Heidelberg . . . or a healthy, interesting hiking or biking tour from one Youth Hostel to the next. For a glimpse of continental life and leisure, you will stroll along Berlin's Unter den Linden. Of hospitable Munich with her golden brew, you have heard . . . Not far away are the Bavarian Alps and Austrian Tyrol. And then romantic Vienna, living in waltz tirne and happily reunited with Germany. Everywhere historic or legendary names will jog your memory—the Meistersinger at Niimberg, Frederick the Great at Sanssouci, Charlemagne at Aachen. Living and travel are inexpensive, especially with Travel Marks at 40% savings and special rail tickets at 60% reductions.
Consult your Travml Agont and write for information and bodk/af "C”.
GERmim RRIlROnDS IRFORHIRTIOR OFFICE
10
97th Street, New York, N. Y,
Prof. J. A. Estey, of the history and economics department, will address the American Association of University Professors tonight at the organization’s dinner meeting in the Home Economics dining room at 6:15. “Depression, Recovery, and Higher Education” will be the theme of Professor Estey’s talk. He will discuss a report on effects of depression upon colleges, their faculties and students. The Report.. . . . . published as a book, is 500 pages in length and written as a result of a survey made by committee Y of the Association. The nominating committee will also make its repoi-t on the election of new officers.
Tickets, 65 cents each, may be obtained at the door'or by calling Prof. F. H. Hodge.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Josselyn Will Review Europe Tour To YWCA
..TENNIS RACKETS RESTRUNG —Satisfaction guaranteed. R. L. Lippman 351 Northwestern. Phone 4726.
L. W. Josselyn, assistant University librarian, will speak tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in room B of the Union at an open meeting of the YWCA. Josselyn will talk on his trip to Europe last sum-
. WANTED—Sax men. Good money. Call 5384 immediately.
Notices
Ha Notices Accepted After t p.Bl.
He spent several months last summer traveling, while he was attending an international Rotarian convention. He will reiterate his experiences he kept logged in a very complete diary.
Electrical Englneerinsr Seniors: Names appearing: on the north bulletin board must comply with instructions in main office before Thursday, April 28, or pictures will not appear on senior hallway panels this i^ear. —EHINGER.
Cromer To Graduate With First Art Permit
NYA Workers: Checks for period ending April 9, are now available at cashier’s office in Executive Building. —HOLLENSBE.
Catherine A. Cromer, of West Lafayette, HE ’38, will be the first graduate of the University to be licensed to teach art. She will also be licensed to teach English.
Fraternities; You may enter as many two man horseshoe teams as you wish. All teams play Tuesday, April 26, and Thursday, April 28. —BOYER.
Scabbard and Blade: There will be a short but important meeting in the tower room of the Union at 4 p. m.. Thursday April 28. —BAALS.
IF YOU ARE TIRED-
of the sports of the season, you will find relaxation and enjoyment when y'Ou spend an afternoon or evening in the music room or browsing room.
Don’t forget to visit the Union at least once a day.
JM,
Comer of the Campu9-‘Yet the Center of Activities
Purdue Engineer: Important meeting of all freshmen and sophomore staff' members in Engineer office in Union at 4 p. m., Wednesday, April 27. —SQUIRES.
Members of the Purdue Women’s Club will hear Dr. Claire E. Healey, of the University of Michigan, and formerly of the University student health service, speak in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Monday afternoon at 3 o’clock.
Glider Club: Open meeting in room B of the Union, Thursday, April 28, 7:16 p. m. —MOORE.
Agriculturist Staff: All old and new staff members are invited to attend a reception •at 7:30 p. m., Thursday, April 28, at the Alphia Kappa Lambda fraternity house, at 124 Marstellar. Please be prompt. —KINGSLEY.
Open Swim: There will be co-ed swimming Thursday, April 28, in the Memorial Gymnasium pool from 7 :30 to 8, and open mixed swim from 8 to 9. —SCHWEHN.
Military Students: All uniforms to be cleaned by West Side Cleaners, not required for wear on April 30th and May 2nd, should be turned in to thein immediately after review on April 29th. They will be open until 9 p. m. to receive them. Prompt turn in insures better service and an earlier return. (6-2) —CAPT. WISTLBR.
Officers Luncheon Committee: Meeting at 4 o’clock Thursday, April 28, in Colonel Pickering’s office in the Armory. Inspection • banquet details will be discussed. —BEHRENDS.
Purdue Riding Club: Meeting Thursday, April 28, at 7 p. m.. Student Union office. —SUMMERS.
Alpha Zeta: Election of officers in Agriculturist office 7 :30 p. m. Wednesday, April —UNDERWOOD.
Dr. Healey will relate “Recent Advances in Medicine” in her talk which is under the auspices of the current history section of the women’s club.
WAA Baseball: There will be no games played Tuesday April 26. Wednesday, April 27, at 4 p. m.. Ward 2 vs. Kappa; Pi Phi vs. Alpha Chi. Thursday, April 28, at 4 p. m., Chi O ys. Phi Mu ; Pedalion vs. Alpha Xi. Friday, April 29, at 4 p. m., there will be exhibition games. Pi Phi vs. WRH, and Wards 3 and 4 vs. Pedalion. —MAIER.
Industrial Education Society: Meeting in room C of the Union, Wednesday, April 2't at 7 :30 p. m. ' —GASTON.
National Drawing Competition: A strong competitive interest is being shown by 60 first year engineering ■ dra.wing students in the annual contest sponsored by, the drawing division of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education. In the elimination contest, entries have been made in all of the eight classes which include pencil work, inking, lettering, and sketching. The best drawing in each class will be entered in the national competition at the annual meeting in June at Texas A. & M. College, where it will be judged on the basis of theory, technique, practice, and judgment. First and second prizes will be awarded in each class, and shingles presented by the drawing division to winning contestants. (4-29) -RISING.
Gimlet: Dinner meeting at Phi Kappa house, Wednesday, April 27. at six o’clock. Very important. —BROWN.
Theta Alpha Pi: Pledging at 4 p. m. in room D, Wednesday, April 27. Actives and pledges please be present. —EVERETT.
Military Students: All military students must report to the Armory in uniform at 4 p. m. Friday, April 29. for the Gala Week review. The first brigade will form on the west half, and the second brigade on the east half of the drill floor. —PICKERING.
Kappa Delta Pi: Pledging ceremony will be held Thursday, April 28, at 7:15 p. m. in the Education Building. Please be on time. —BYRD.
PIA Beginners Dance Class: The ninth lesson will be given Thursday, April 28 in Women’s Gym at 7 :30. —CLYMER.
PIA Advanced Dance Class: The eighth lesson will be gi'ven Wednesday, April 27 at 4 p. m. in the Union tower room. —CLYMER.
WAA Track: All girls interested in spring track meet ip Women’s Gymnasium, Wednesday, April 26 at 4 o’clock. —MERRITT.
Lafayette Philatelic Society; Meeting on Wednesday, April 27, in room D of the Union for nomination of officers. —MILLER.
Skull and Crescent Pledges: Initiation fee is due Wednesday, April 2-7. —INSLEY.
Union Workers: All available workers please report to the office at 4 p. m. Wednesday, April 27. —CROSSMAN.
Mr, Merchant:
All
Aboard!
Hop up the gang plank and sail with the rest... sailing right to your potential buyers — the students and faculty of Purdue.
You can't cross the ocean without transportation ... nor can you cross to the Campus buyers without transportatioh....
WE'RE NOT IN THE TRANSPORTATION BUSINESS,—but we'll take your name to your buyers via an
EXPONENT AD Phone SOBS
• the Purdue Exponent
Crown Cleaned Clothes Reduces Risk of Losing Jobs Many a good worker has lost his job because of poor personal appearance. Don’t run the risk. Have your clothes Crown cleaned and pressed regularly. Thousands prefer Crown because garments are Monite moth-proofed.
mmi
F I N E C L E A N E R S OF FINE CLOTHES
WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
For Better Lawns and Gardens
A garden is never better than the planting ... than the seeds, fertilizer, or planting equipment. For a good lawn or garden you need tools that will do a competent job;; both in planting, and in keeping your lawn and garden m ; looking good after the planting. Whatever your need in these supplies, we ' « vr s have them ... and at moderate prices. ^ Armour’s Garden and Lawn Fertilizer A V i W 25 lbs $1.15 50 lbs ..$1.75 dWVlYT 100 lbs.. . . $3.00 Hight Test Fancy Blue Grass Seed. 35c pound Better Flower and Plant Seed......... jQc package 16"' Ball Bearing Lawn Mowers... ....$4.95 and up
MOORE & KEMPLE HDWE. CO.
NORTH SIDE SQUARE
PHONE 2577