t ''' ' ^ I ‘
' I,
/ *
► 1
ft
\ ' 1 Purdue
Z>IM
■Hill CiXpon.'Oiit
Volume 51, No. 149
Wednesday, April 10, 1940
Golf, Baseball Champions Converge On Campus
Demonstrations By Experts Will Feature Dean
Opening Day's Events Of Pioneer Clinic Highlighting the two day golf clinic which is to get underway today, are the indoor demonstrations in the Fieldhouse at 7:30 tonight. At this time such leading golf stars as Byron Nelson, Horton Smith, and Dick Metz will demonstrate to students and the general public how the game should really be played. Walsh Present "
Acting as master of ceremonies is Tmn Walsh, President of the Professional GoKers’ Association of America which, with the cooperation of the University, is conducting the clinic. Outstanding theme of the clinic will be that of instruction with motion pictures in the Pool Gallery at 4:15 today and a mass class instruction at 8:15 tonight in the Fieldhouse in which anyone interested may participate. Artificial greens, sand traps, and an enlarged driving range in the Fieldhouse make the indoor events doubly interesting. Robert Zeddies’ unique collection of-’ antique clubs and other golf equipment is an interesting sidelight of the clinic, A two shafted club and another one several hundred years old are perhaps the most novel pieces in the collection. Odd Clubs Mr. Zeddies’ display and another loaned by R. Otto Probst, which consists of printed material, will both be on display in the lobby of the fieldhouse. Anyone feeling an urge jto swing a two handled club or get great-great grandfather used in driving the ball over the fairways in Bonnie Scotland should drop in at the Fieldhouse since the 200 odd clubs in Mr. Zeddies’ collection will be open for the inspection and handling of the public. Dr. E. L. Kelley, of the education and applied psychology division, and Dr. Robert E. Wyer, of Chicago, will be among the speakers who will address the visitors of the clinic during its two day stay in technical sessions on methods of improvement of golf instruction, * Mass Demonstration Winding up the clinic’s events tomorrow is an outdoor demonstration of all types of shots. Such well known golfers as Gene Sarazen, Dick Metz, and Byron Nelson are to participate in this demonstration which will start at 3:30 at the Fourth street entrance of the Intramural Field. PROGRAM 1 ;00 p. m.—Registration — Main Lobby, Field House Gymnasium. 1:30 p. m.—Introductions: Chairman, Frank Sprogel, Vice-president, Professional Golfers’ Association of America, Grand Rapids, Michigan. 2:00 p. m.—Tips on Teaching from the Psychologist, Dr. E. L. Kelley, Division of Education and Applied Psychology, Purdue University. 2:30 p. m.—The Doctor Looks At Golf, Dr. Robert E. Dyer, Chicago, Illinois. 3:00 p. m.—Forum on Golf Fundamentals. Horton Smith, Tommy Armour, Tom Walsh and others will cover the various departments of the game. 4:00 p. m.—Inspect New Purdue Golf Course — suggest possible improvements. William Diddel, Architect, Indianapolis, Indiana. 4:00 p. m.—Moving Pictures—Swimming Pool Gallery. “Keystones of Golf" Robert T Jones, Jr., Commentator. The P. G. A. Instructional Films and others will be shown. 7:80 p. m.—Golf Show—^Indoor Demonstration in Purdue Field House. Chairman: Tom Walsh, Presidnt, Professional Golfers’ Association of America, Chicago, Illinois. Tommy Armour, Horton Smith, John C. Watson, and others will assist. Manjr of the ‘(Old Timers” will be introduced. 8:46 p. m.—Mass Class Instruction. 3B0 Students, Faculty and Townspeople will form the class. Visiting professionals and coaches will assist with the instruction. Williams College Offers Graduate Scholarships Scholarships are now being offered by the George Williams College of Chicago. These scholarships will provide for a certain amount of practical training in social and recreational organizations and cover the cost of board and room. Although the student is not ejcempt from regular tuition and other fees, several part-tuition service scholarships are available to graduate students who have established a one year residence. Interviews regarding the Geprge Williams Scholarships may be arranged today by both men and women interested in group work, by calling»the Placement Service for Worn-
Dr. E.G. Williamson Addresses Future Frosh Counselors Dr. E. G. Williamson, coordinator of student personnel services at the University of Minnesota, discussed the problems of counseling students at a meeting of faculty and student counselors yesterday at 4 p. m. m the Electrical Engineering lectm-e room. The speaker was introduced by Professor J. E. Walters, director of University personnel service. Counseling, Dr. Williamson explained, is a relatively new phase of higher education. Through counseling a student is given a more personalized instruction than is possible in the class room. The speaker emphasized that counseling is an individual problem, and that no two* students can be counseled with the same approach. The steps in counseling are determined by the individual student and his problems. Several steps to be used in a general counseling program were outlined by Dr. Williamson. At the conclusion of his talk, the speaker answered questions submitted by the audience. Enders Discusses Past, Present For 75 At SDX Meeting “The old saying that ‘the pen is mightier than the sword’ has to a great extent been replaced by ‘the voice is stronger than the pen,’ ” stated Gordon Enders, member of the history, government, and economics department and former world traveler, &t the opening of his address to an audience of 75 persons attending an open meeting of Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalistic fraternity last night. Speaking in the east faculty lounge, Enders planned to discuss methods of newsgathering under war conditions, but in response to pre-meeting questions, he devoted the first portion of his address to European developments in the last 24 hours. He said that in his opinion it appears as though England has been caught napjp(ing again. Can Germany Hold Out? Continuing, he mentioned that last minute developments might indicate that the blockade against Germany whs beginning to tell and that she had taken this as the best apparent way out of a serious predicament. Returning to his original subject Enders vividly described a few of his experiences in the Chinese conflict as a member of the Shanghai Volunteer Batallion. Airplane Club Members Provided With Workroom Members of the Purdue Aerompdelers club have been provided with a workroom in the sub-basement of the Union. The room is located in the north end of the new addition to the building. It will be ready for use by the latter part of this week. Club members will find the room a convenient place in which they may work on their planes. Students who are interested in using this new workshop may obtain additional information by calling Ken Barker, club president. Barker’s phone number is 2666.
Riveter Diamondmen To Tangle With Champion Hawkeyes Today As Big Ten Season Schedule Gets Underway
. . , John F. Cunningham of the school of agriculture at Ohio State University and co-founder of Alpha Zeta, national honorary agricultural fraternity, will be the principal speaker ^at the spring initiation banquet this evening at 6 o’clock in the cafeteria of the Home Economics building. New initiates ar^ George Abshier, Charles Ford, Sidney Legge, Glen Searcy, James Blackwell, E. J. Worthland, Robert Payne. These men are all juniors in the school of agriculture. Alpha Zeta was founded at Ohio University in 1897 and the inspiration and spirit back of the founding will be the general content of Dean Cunningham’s talk. V. C. Hitchcock, president of the local chapter that was founded in 1908, will serve as master of ceremonies. Dean Harry J. Reed, of the University agricultural school, will be initiated into an associated membership by prominent visiting alumni.
Bridge Tournament Will Begin Tonight; 55 Teams Participate Bridge players will begin competition in the seventh annual bridge tournament tonight, at 7 p. m., in the Union. There will be fifty-five teams participating in the event. This year’s turnout is the largest since the bridge tournament system was established, seven years ago. The duplicate bridge system will be used in the tournament. This system inaugurates the use of the same hands throughout the whole night’s playing. No team is eliminated the first night; on the second night, the teams which have lost two games will be eliminated, etc. The high teams of each night will each receive a carton of cigarettes. The final winners of the tourney will receive individual silver cups. The second round will take place April 16, the third, April 25, and the fourth, on May 2. The date for the final round has not yet been decided upon. Those teams which expect to play tonight should be at the Union before 7 p. m.
Guys Enjoy^ Gals Ponder Bum Room Tor Men Only
By Georgann Schilling Being a very curious co-ed, we were a^”once attracted by the sign on tlfe door reading, “For Men Only.” Of course that room was just the place we wanted to see! But for once we stopped to reconsider. We ask ourselves, “Is nothing sacred?” The idea came to us about how the eds at Purdue have accepted the ever-increasing co-ed population and the rights and privileges given to the weaker sex. We recall how the co-eds are allowed to wander hither and yon through the Union building whereas at most other colleges the Union building is reserved for men. We thought of how the co-eds have access to the bowling alleys, the Cary Hall grill, and are accepted as workers on all the major activities. We decided that the lads deserved a break. We refrained from entering the room. With a five-to-one ratio on the campus it seems quite logical for the eds to have a place of their own as the new “bum room.” For a number of years co-eds have enjoyed the use of a large lounging room on the second floor of the Union building known as the Women’s Lounge. Girls have spent much time in this room studying, resting, talking, listening to the radio, and reading. The male population have always observed the “no trespassing ^sign” which designates the room as a Women’s Loungg. Now the boys have come into their own and have a similar “joe” room in which they may act as they please without fear of female comment or criticism. It is up for the girls to remember that his new bum room belongs to the nien, that it is theirs entirely and exclusively, and that any trespassers may expect to receive unchivalrous treatment. We know you would like to see the room. \We’d like to see it too just because it is labeled “For Men Only!” But let’s give the lads a chance for a good time. After all, maybe they want to be alone now and then.
By Skooter It’s way up high you bums, where the men are men and their ain’t no women. And When we say no women, we also include co-eds. It’s a place where loafers can leave their hats on and loaf in their shirtsleeves, (or even without the sleeves, if they wish). But best of all gents, the place is right in our own Union building. To be specific, the Union has transformed the new towqr room that everyone has been wondering about into a bum-room FOR MEN ONLY. One tnay get into this lazy man’s habitat through the door saying “for men only” located on the top floor in the west wing of the new edition. (The entrance is next door to the Student Union Office.) Getting down to the facts about the room, we can asure you that it contains everything from the highest to the lowest of literature (within reason of course), a radio, phone, newspapers, couches, chairs, and a good view of all the co-eds who enter the west doors of the
Union.
And now you “bums” may we announce that YOUR ROOM is officially opened today. Run up and give it the once-over, BUT DON’T BRING A DATE . . . it’s against the rules of the joint. It’s open from 8 a. m. (:o 11 p. m. Camera Club Will Hear Lloyd Moser, Local Artist Lloyd Moser, local artist, formally on the University staff, will show about 100 colored slides at the regular meeting of the Camera Club tonight in room 304 of the Union. Moser will give information on the artistic and color principals of the slides which will consist of local and New England scenes. Judgping from the caliber of former meetings, this meeting should not lack interest. All members are urged to attend.
Iowa’s Hawkeyes, who are currently hoping to gamer their second consecutive Big Te’n baseball crown in two years, will invade the local diamond this afternoon for the first of a two game series with Dutch Fehring’s victory-splattered Boilermaker aggregation. Today’s encounter will be the first conference battle for both teams and is scheduled to start at 4’o’clock on Ross-Ade Field.
Bailey To Start
In view of the Riveters’ three games in as many days, coach Fehring is having a hard time finding enough pitchers to go around. In all probability. Bob Bailey, who had a great season as a sophomore last year, will be on the mound today and Gerald Higgins will take care of tomorrow’s twirling. It was Bailey and Higgins that held Wabash to four runs and eight hits last Saturday. «. The Hawkeyes, undefeated in nine games so far this season, are expected to send co-captain George Haub, leading Big Ten hurler last year, to the hill for today’s battle, and use Fred Hohenhorst, another veteran, in the second ^me tomorrow. '
Two Newcomers
Two sophomores will be making their conference jiaseball debuts today in the Boilermaker line-up. Harry McFerren will be wandering around the second base position, while Don Blanken, a transplanted forward from the Big Ten basketball championship combination, will be in left field. Coach Fehring has indicated that he would depend on veterans for the remainder of the assignments, with co-captains Felix MacMewicz and Wayne Heame at third base and shortstop, respectively; Frank Smithson at first, and Bud Fisher doing the backstopping. Johnny Vernon in center and Dick Wargo in left field vdll round out the starting team. The invaders, who have wOn 16 out of 21 conference games in the last two seasons, will bring with them practically the same team that annexed the Big Ten crown last year. Only four regulars have been lost from last season’s winning combination and the present edition of the Hawkeyes carries a veteran in
every position.
Iowa Seeks Revenge Revenge will be the keynote of the Iowa attack today as the Boilermakers downed the Hawkeyes 4-1 m a similar opening day engagement in Iowa City last year. It was one of the three defeats suffered by the lowans all season, but wasn’t enough to keep them from nosing out the Hoosiers from the number one spot in the conference ladder.
PIA Etiquette Forum Will Introduce New Book-'Pardon Me' Do you know the correct procedure when walking on the campus with more than one girl? Do you know what should be done when attempting to get an interview with a faculty man? These and other similar questions wiU be answered at 7:15 p. m. in rooms 366-363 of the Union at the first of three PIA sponsored forums titled “We Appear in Public.” These meetings will present Miss Schilling’s book, “Pardon Me,” to the campus. The other two meetings in the series, “We Are Hosts” and “What Do You Expect,” will be held on April 17 and 24 respectively. At the meeting tonight, which is ) open to everyone, Mary Jane Carr, Lewis Morrisori, and Bob Hettema, all members of Theta Alpha Phi, national honorary dramatic society, will demonstrate correct introduction procedure. This will be followed by a discussion by the students directed by Miss Ruth Houghton and Mr. James N. Davis concerning any questions or difficulties which they
may have.
Copies of “Pardon Me” will be available to PIA members at the meeting on the presentation of their membership cards and to other stu"dents for ten cents. Members may continue to receive their copies from 4 to 5:30 p. m. in the PIA office every day, and they will also be on sale at the West Desk of the Union as long as the supply lasts. Art Club To Show Shorts By Disney Members of the Art Club, a new organization on the campus, will show “The Evolution of the Cartoon” at a meeting tonight at 7:30 in the faculty lounge. This meeting will inaugurate the recently organized Union Art Club, the purpose of which is not to become accomplished artists, but to show the relationship between art and culture, and art and leisure. ' Besides the first cartoon made in 1906 the club will show nine complete shorts, five of which have won Academy Awards. Works by both Walt Disney and Max Fleischer will be shown. Professor F. R. Eastwood of the physical education department will show the correlation between cartoons and engineering, education, hobbies, and relaxation. Anyone interested in cartoons and how they are made is invited to attend the meeting tonight.
Plumbing
, . . inspectors at their annual school in Indianapolis were addressed yesterday by professor W. E. Howland of the school of civil engineering on the subject “Origip of standard pipe sizes in the original recommended minimum requirements for plumbing installations, U. S. Bureau of S^tandards.’^
Mortar Board Ball Co-eds' Last Chance It’s now or never if the co-eds are going to get on the ball this semester and grab that little man who has failed to give them a tumble all year. Purdue is in the north, but this year we’re going south. The deep south, with all the charm and formality of the pre-G. W. T. W. days. Ultra sophistication is taking the place of the informal Gingham Gallop as Mortar Boar^ present their Southern Ball Friday in the north ballroom. Wayne McIntyre and his orchestra wiU furnish tunes for the occasion. Tickets priced at a dollar can be purchased at sororities and the residence halts, or from Mortar Board members. It will be your last chance until next fall gals. Remember leap year only comes once in every four. ISQCoufJes ... danced to the recorded music of leading bands at the Union tea dance in the north balbKxmk y^ter* day afternoon from 4 to 6:S0 p. m.ir ' i
PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, April 10,' 1940
Food Locker Plant Operators To Meet
*
Under the leadership of federal and state specialists, food locker plant operators 'vrill hold a series of discussions on the campus Thursday and Friday, April 11 and 12. Topics to be discussed include mechanical problems of locker plants, handling foiod in locker plants, and patron-operator problems. In the opening talk tomorrow morning, associate extension director T. A. Coleman will explain the purpose of the conference. Two Indiana plant operators will present their viewpoints on food locker plant operation at the closing session Friday afternoon. With the close • of the formal series of lectures an open discussion and question period will be held. Buffington To Speak For ASME Thursday Mr. R. M. Buffington, of the engineering department of the Servel Inc., will speak at an ASME meeting Thursday, April 11, at 7:30 p. m.. in room 208 of the Electrical Engineering building. “The Engineering Principles of the Electrolux Refrigerating Unit” will be the subject of Mr. Buffington’s speech. He will use a miniature working model of the unit to demonstrate working principles. Mr. Buffington is a physical chemist and a fhermodjmamicist by, training, and a research engineer in refrigeration and air conditioning by profession. He was formerly an instructor of chemistry at the University of California, and is well known for the themodynamic tables on Freon 12, which were developed under his supervision. Buffington has helped develop many refrigeration aiid absorption machines. Ceres To Celebrate Friday Night At Birthday Banquet Celebrating their twentieth anniversary as a local agronomy honorary the Ceres club will dine Friday evening in the Union and have as their principal speaker President E. C. Elliott. The banquet is being held to commemorate the anniversary and honor newly initiated men. Numerous faculty members and alumni of the club are expected to be present for the affair. A few of the alumni expected to return include: T.Ai Carter, superintendent of the Indiana Soldiers and Sailors Home, Khightstown; C. U. Gramelspacher, manager of Jalsper Wood Products Company, Jasper; W. W. Whitehead, County Agent of Boone County, Lebanon; P. K. Connelly, County Agent, Huntington; E, A. Holm, Tippecanoe Assistant County Agent, Lafayette; and A. D. Brown, Vocational teacher, Wingate. Representing . . . the University at the midwest power conference in session yesterday and today at the Armour Institute of Technology is Dean A. A. Potter of the Schools of Engineering and Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the School of Electrical Engineering. Dr. Harding will preside at the general session today. Unknown . . . marauder robbed the Alpha Sigma Phi house on Waldron Street of 40 dollars last Friday night. The thief entered the house by the bathroom window, leaving a large footprint on the top of a newly painted stool. The police are investigating the case but have not as yet found any clues as/to the identity of the thief.
ScheHule M^itary Review For May 9 Army officials announced yesterday that the date for the annual corps area inspection pf the University ROTC corps will be May 9
and 10.
On Friday, May 9, inspection will take its most visible form with the annual review on Intramural Field. On this occasion, the entire corps of two brigades of artillery, the largest field artillery ROTC unit in the country will be reviewed by Major General David L. Stone, Commanding General Fifth Corps Area, President E. C. Elliott, and the inspecting officers. Inspecting officers will be Colonel Robert M. Milan, and Majors J. A. Steere, and F. E. Kauffman. The officers will inspect class work the following day. Tickets On Sale For AlChE Banquet; Higburg Speaks William Higburg, sales-manager of the Reilley Tar and Chemical Company of Indianapolis, will address chemical engineers Tuesday, April 16, at a dinner meeting of the AIChE in room 363 of the Union. Higburg’s talk will concern sales engineering but will be of interest to all chemical engineers. Tickets may be obtained for 75 cents from the following: Albrecht, Beman, Forsyth, Grang;er, Breedlove, Hedden, Massey, Swain, Tedrowe, Mey-, ers, and Professor Shreve’s office. Jamboree Show At Mars
Hugh Cross , Hugh Cross and his Radio Pals, with comic stuttering Shug Fisher head the featured radio stars of station WLW’s Boone County Jamboree which comes to the Mars theater stage, one day only, matinee and night, Wednesday. Hugh Cross plays the guitar and sings and also acts as master of ceremonies, while Shug Fisher, in addition to playing string-bass and guitar, has developed a stuttering style of speech and singing that convulses audiences wherever he appears. Other stars in the show are; Laf e Harkness, harmonica wizard and singer; Helen Diller, the Canadian Cowgirl singer and yodeler; Lazy Jim Day, homespun humorist; “Tillie Q. Smith,” whose rural dances have been the hit of this season’s show; Jo and Alma, the Kentucky Girls, mountain music singers, and Kenny Carlson, one of America’s youngest ventriloquists, with his dummy, “Scrappy O’Brien.” All of these artists have been on the air over WLW and appear in the Saturday night rural fun-fest at the Emery auditorium in down-town Cincinnati. The screen attraction for Wednesday features Penny Singleton, Arthur Lake and “Baby Dumpling” in another Bumstead, comedy hit, “Blondie on a Budget.”
CROSLEY RADIO Portable Battery and Electric $13.99 up CROSLEY ‘‘Shelvador” ' Refrigerators—6 cu. ft. Models $99.95 - $119.95 ■ $139.95 Washers, Ironers, Vacuum Qeanerf Service and Parts C. B. KLINKER SALES CO. 827 Main Street Phone 7950
Dr.C.J.KIemme CIShortCourse
. . . addressed the Northern TriStates Medical Association at a meeting held yesterday in Battle Creek, Michigan, on the subject“Relationship between sterols, cardiac poisons, vitamin D and sex horhormones.”
Classified Ads FOR SALE FOB, BAUB—Trriwiitm. AU ■tMdard ttad 8ald, pnreha^ rMttod Mid Mow portabla xoMUbiM as low as $29.76. Snpidlea. C. F. Ebwsheff, 696 Uain street. FOR RENT Base—Rent-A-Car gerrlca. Can fw all oaeaaians. Mia. $2.69 aB night. Fhoae 71944. LOST AND FOUND . Lost: Pair of plastic rimmed glasses in Union, Wednesday, April 8. Reward. , Call Rothrock. 46964. '
Lost: In Union. Gold Helbros wrist watcK. Reward. J. H. Parks, 226 Vine.
Notices
All Electrical Engineers: Short meeting Thursday, April 11, at 7:30 p. m. in room 254 of EE building for anyone interested in working on open house and those who already have projects fof open house. —KEEN.
Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting Thursday, April 11, at 7 p. m. in room 2B4 of the EE building. —KEEN.
EXPONENT Co-ed Juniors and Sophomores: Compulsory meeting Friday, _ April 12, at 4 p. m. in Exponent <^ffice. All juniors and sophomore co-eds be there. —SCHILLING.
Glider Club: Open meeting Thursday, Aprir 11, at 7:30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union building. —MILLER.
Purdue Radio Guild: Meeting Thursday, April 11, at 7 lOO p. m. in room 303 of the Union. —MILLER.
Newman Club: Discussion group I will meet Wednesday, April 10, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 328 of the Union. Grbup II will meet Thursday, April 11, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 261. Catholic students are invited to attend either group. —GARTY.
Wesley Foundation Council: Important meeting Wednesday, April 10, at 8 p. m. in the Foundation house. Come if possible. —BROWN.
Cosmopolitan Club: Election of officers at 4:30 p. m. Friday, April 12 in room 304 of the Union. All members must be present. Quorum imperative. —SHICKEL.
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting Thursday, April 11, at 4 p. m. in the office. Please be prompt —COOLEY.
Wesley Foundation; Fish fry Wednesday, April 10, at the Foundation house. Open to all persons for a small charge. Service will be anytime from 5:30 to 7 :00 p. m. —McFADDEN.
Riding Club: Meeting Wednesday, April 10, at 8 p. m. in room 364 of the Union. —HARTMAN.
PIA Dance Class: Meeting Wednesday, April 9, in the North Union ballroom at 7:15 p. m. Co-eds invited. —LUTZ.
Camera Club: Meeting Wednesday, April 10, at 7:30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. Lloyd Moser will show slides. —GEPHART.
Catalyst ClubThere will be a meeting and party at 7:30 p. m. on Saturday, April 13, in the Chemical and Metallurgical building. Members wishing to attend must sign • up in Dr. Lovell’s office by Friday. —OMOHUNDRO.
Catalyst Club: Meeting and party at 7 p. m. Saturday, April 13. Election of officers at meeting in room 110 of chem and met building followed by party. Those expecting to attend party must sign at Dr. Lovell’s office by Friday. —OMOHUNDRO.
ARC -LAST DAYDrama Of A Mighty Love!
FRIEDA OTTO ROCHEll'E INESCORT*KRUGER•HUDSON — and —
-^ALSO-
-THURS. - FRI. - SAT.PANAMA lady MOUNTAIN RHYTHM DAREDEVILS OF THE RED CIRCLE
. . . for sewage plant operators which was given by the school of civil engineering during the spring vacation, is going to be repeated in Kokomo for all employees of the^ sewage disposal plant in that city, according to word received from Superintendent Thomas J. Burrin. Professor W. E. Howland will hS in charge of the course.
Reamers: Committee faceting Wednesday, April 10, at 7:30 p. m. in: room 282 of the Union. Jenkins, Archibald, Nitsclie, Rice, Hoffman be there. All" other junldW and seniors who are interested are urged to attend. —REILEY.
Entomologists: Meeting Thursday, April 11, at 7:30 p. m. in room 103 of Agriculture Hall. —C. J. FREDRICKSON. .
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges: Carry candy and wear caps and gloves as scheduled. Carnot Cycles may be obtained at the SAE bouse after 4 p. m. Wednesday for 80 cents. —OBLUSTGER.
Gimlets: Money and tickets for Pirate game must be in to me by Wednesday evening, April 10. All members and pledges must be at the fieldhouse Wednsday at 7 :15 p. m. for the golf clinic. '' —FRAZEE.
Executive Committee: Meeting Thursday, April 11, at 7:30 p. m. at Alpha Chi Rho. —YATES.
Skull and Crescent Pledges: Meeting tonight, April 9, at 9 ;00 in the Stadium on the fifty yard line. Bring pencil, paper, flashlight and paddle. Be there. —GIMLIN.
WSGA Executive Board: Meting in WSGA office Wednesday, April 10, at 7:46 p. m. —SICKMAN.
Tau Beta Pi: Extremely shori; meeting at 7 :16 p. m. Friday, i^pril 12, in room 212 of the Union, for completion of selection of pledges. —CATTERALL.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Regular meeting at 6 p. m. Thursday, April 11, at the Phi Kappa house. —CATTERALL.
Wesley Players: Second tryouts for "The Tinker’’ will be held Wednesday, April 10, at 4:30 p. m. at foundation house. Co-eds needd. —McFADDEN. Baseball Call-out: Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday, April 9, 11, and 12 after 4 p. m. Three practices are required. —PIDGEON.
NEW LUXURIOUS SEATS biAid
NOW SHOWING
BETTER THAN SNOW WHITE
lUaltDisneif’s FuuuNOTH FEATURE pnooucTioM Pmocchio IN TECHNICOLOR SCARLETT O'HAHA AND RUdGLES OF RED CAP TOGETHER THEIR GREATEST , ROLES r .xfiVcHARlIS lAUGHION VIVIEN lEKN
—THURSDAY - FRIDAYMAM
QUIN AI0 BEAX IT
iyLMly
2.37
-and the honeymoon was hardly over before he began standing up for something he called his rights!”
Principles of the Electrolux Refrigerating Unit." Interesting demonstration apparatus. —VOYLES.
WAA Tennis: Intramural and student faculty doubles tournament begins next week. Deadline for signing up is April 17. The list is posted in the women’s gym. Monday and Wednesday there will be instrnction for WAA members. —EMSHOFF.
Agricultural Engiaf'ting 11: An examination to remove con—ions in Agricultural Engineering 11 (Mechanics of Agriculture) will be given Saturday, April 20. Come to room 106, old agricultural engineering building, to arrays for the examlnatitin. Ibis arrangement must be completed by April 18. —RICHEY, HUBLEB.
All Students: Will ithose subscribers to Scriveners who did not receive tibteir copy phone Metz, 8421, or Alexander, 2678. (4-11) —METZ.
Varsity Show Ticket Sellers: Bring tickets to Fowler Hall. —LUEDKA.
All Coe-ds: Those interested in' living in a cooperative house next year should attend organization meeting Wednesday, at 8 p. m., room 54 of the Union building. Plans for organization of new house will be discussed. —PLUMMER. (4-10)
G E 35: Removal of conditions Examination April 13. Make arrangements for taking the examination in room 109 before Friday, April 12. —OWEN.
Westminster Students: Skating party Saturday, April 16, at 9 p.m. Come to house. All with cars please bring them. —OWENS.
ijmA -THURS. - FRI. - SAT —
ASMS: Meeting Thursday, April 11, at 7 :80 p. m., room 208, mechanical engineering building. Dr. R. M. Buffington, physical chemist and research engineer of tiie ^rvel Co. will speak on tiie ‘‘Engineering
LAST DAY—2 FEATURES JANE WITHERS — IN — "HIGH SCHOOL" — ALSO — "Charlie McCarthy Detective"
Starts TOMORROW ■" —^ Lovely, exciting LINM MRMELL 1 ia a atozy that well '■ znigbt be her own I... STAR RUST I with : Jolm Pagne • Roland Young , Charlotte Greenwood . William Eargan • Harg Bath'Bagiies ■ Harg Hsalg • Donald Hook
LAST DAY—
TOM^^N m MiNia • «MGE uMion WliiliBi VMm » fane WMB
TODAY Only
IN PERSON
BOONE
COUNTY
ON OUR STAGE — W. L. W
JAMBOREE
— with—-
LAZY JIM DAY — HELEN DILLER LAFE HARKNESS — KENNY CARLSON HUGH CROSS and His Radio Pals SHUG FISHER — THE KENTUCKY GIRLS 'TILLIE Q SMITH" YOUWE HEARD THEM ON THE AIR—NOW SEE THEM IN PERSON . .
Stage Shows at
— ADMISSION —
2:10-4:30 - 7:00- 9:35
15e - 30e - 40c
ON THE SCREEN The Newest Bumstead PanicHi
i ''»
Wednesday# April 10# 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
0
Track Squad Points For Meet With Michigan State Saturday
With several months of practice and a comparatively successful season of indoor competition behind it, Coach Hermon Phillips’ varsity track team will launch its outdoor season 'Saturday as it invades the < Michigan State stronghold at East Lansing, Michigan. A squad of 27 Riveters will carry the Boilermaker colors against the Spartan athletes. This year’s Riveter track squad, which, has set new school records in several events, is seeking to give the Boilermakers a place among the leaders in the contest for midwestern track honors. Throughout the winter season the current team has proved that it may be able to return the Gold and Black prestige that has been decadent for several years. Phillips Optimistic Coach Phillips has a number of reasons for looking at his varsity team and its busy schedule of dual, triangular, relay, and championship meets with a certain degree of optimism. In the first place all of his performers have acquitted themselves well during the indoor season. Captain Red Shackleton has upheld his superiority in the, quarter mile. Ed Holderman has improved with constant experience and has added to his laurels in the distance events. Jake Weber gives the Boilermakers a steady ranking in the shot put. These and most of the more "experienced men have been performing dven better than expected. In addition the indoor season has brought several sophomores to the , fore. In the pole vault, high jump, broad jump, and relays Coach Phillips has discovered good material to round out the team into a balanced squad. Saturday’s meet will find the Riv-' eters aiming for a victory for more than one reason. It’s been a year or so since a Boilermaker team has
beat the Spartans, but the tracksters will be more intent on starting their outdoor competition on the right foot. A victory in the opening meet will give them the kind of beginning they’ll need to launch What looks to be a very successful season. Wargo LecKis Hitters In First Six Contests Six games have been written into the 1940 scorebook of the Boilermaker baseball club and plenty of statistics are now available concerning the boys’ performances. The five victories and one defeat which are credited to the Gold and Black this season show a total of 49 runs scored as against 32 for the opposition. Batsmen have connected safely 54 times compared with the opponents’ 43, giving the team a composite average of .267. Leading batter for the six games has been Dick Wargo, with 10 hits in 27 appearances for an average of .371. High in the column also is Bud Fisher’s .375, the result of six safeties in sixteen tries. Reliable Felix Mackiewicz has hit safely seven times in 23 times at bat to complete the list of regulars in the coveted .300 circle. Wargo and Mackiewicz likewise lead' the club in runs scored, each having counted seven times. “Whitey” Hearne leads in bases on balls, having coaxed enemy twirlers for seven passes, while Mackiewicz and McFerren have each walked six times.
Seventeen miles of shelves have been added to the University of Illinois library. They’ll accomodate half a million books.
BEGINNER'S CLASS / OPENS Mon., Apr. 22, 7:30 p, m. Study Under a Nationally Known Instructor—P. M. Alien Graduate Chalif Russian School N. Y. City President of Chicago Ass'n of' Dancing Masters Past Five'^Years,
To Experienced Dancers NEW ADVANCED CLASS Wednesday, April 24fh
THE ALLEN SCHOOL OF DANCING INDIANA’S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL 6th and Ferry Sts. Phone 2150
Come and See Parker’s Vacumatic Pen VISIBLE INK SUPPLY and 102% More of It
Sacless Marvel Won’t Run Dry in the midst of your writing— Shows When to Refill
Now at only $5, as well as $7.50, we can supply the revolutionary Parker Vacumatic Pen in handsome Burgtmdy or Silv^ Pearl, combined with transparent Amber, that looks opaque, yet when held to t^he light shows the ink within. You can see days ahead when your ink is running low. You
can refill at your leisure. Guaranteed mechanically perfect. Reversible Point writes your regular hand on the lower side, writes hairline or extra fine on the upper side for figuring or interlining. 'Whether you intend to order or not, come and see how remarkably it performs.
DECKER’S
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
fuddaidL Chojuji
' By Robert J. Deduird From ,a very reliable source, a farmer-friend of ours, we obtained last Friday a bit of information on prospects o| bad weather for this week. “Yep,” he said, “we’re about due for some rain next week!” (Incidentally, this fellow doesn’t make any foolish predictions.) —^fc— We’ve seen some of Mr. J. Pluvius’ oerings this week, and we sincerely hope by this time that the gentleman has about decided to let up . . . Because today and the remainder of this week more sporting events are on tap,.around here than you can shake a knotted stick at. —^fc— If Mr. Pluvius doesn’t decide to be too generous, Iowa’s Hawkeyes, defending Big Ten baseball champs, provide a bit of formidable opposition for the Boilermaker nine on the home lot this afternoon, while a contingent of pro "golfers descend upon the campus to show us their wares. —^fc— For being crucial, the baseball games today and tomorrow take the sportlight, even though 1940 college baseball is in its infancy . . . The golfing, nevertheless, will grab a helluvalot of attention. —fc— The Hawks, with a corps of sterling hitters and slabmen, are already on the spot in Big Ten ball circles this season . . . An impressive hurling staff has made them the tall;: of the town . . . And the hitters are supposedly just as potent. —^fc— The Hawkeyes to date have shown plenty of hitting power, led by cocaptain Jim George, who led the Big Ten in hitting last season with a .452 mark . . . But look ’em over on the Purdue side of the ledger. . . There’s Felix Mackiewicz, hardslugging third baseman . . . Dick Wargo, a transplanted outfielder, has been smacking that ole apple. , y Bud Fisher has gotten hold of a
Fredericks Takes Boilermaker Baseball
Cavalcade 52 Years Old Riveters Whipped By Wabaidi In 1st Game
National AAU Title Casey Fredericsks, for two years the outstanding meihbeift of Coach Claude Reeck’s wrestling team, did himselfi and his alma mater proud on Saturday by winning j:he 118 pound championship title of the National AAU tournament. In order to win this coveted laurel, the lad from the Hoosier State had to
•V
defeat Leslie Landmesser of Gilmore City, Iowa. It was a long and difficult trek to the final match and thence the' title and its resulting gold engrhved medal, ipasey defeated a representative from Baltimore YMCA by virtue of a fall for his first victory; his second match was of the decision type which he won from a San Francisco grappler, while the thjrd was taken from a New York boy in the same manner. The fourth encounter was a decision over a nearby rival of Hamilton Park, Chicago. The semi-final match was an standing victory for Casey, for he defeated last year’s 112 pound champion from Brooklyn, New York.
couple of nice ones as have Wayne Hearne, Don Blanken, and others. —fc— And if Harold Haub, ace of Iowa’s mound staff, and Bob Bailey, the Boilermakers’ ace, get hitched up in a pitcher’s duel, there’ll be more excitement around the Ross-Ade Recreation Field than a barrel of water mocassins on the loose. —^fc— It’ll look the same way if Fred Hohenhorts^ veteran Hawk slabman, and Gerald Higgins, Boilermaker pitcher, slant ’em across in the same game . . . ~ —^fc— If Haub faces Higgins, or Hohenhorts faces Bailey, you still can’t misS'. . . Because right before your eyes you’ll see four of the best moundsmen in the circuit. —^fc— So all out for the ball game! . . . Boost the Boilermakerjs, and give the lowans a glad hand!
IIRMII FOlIWiil for PROM
Select your shoes today to match your new spring formal. Loeb's have the shoes that combine both beauty and comfort.
These beautiful shoes come in silver, gold, pastel and black or white materials of satin or kid.
Heels high, low and medium Width A-AAA
FREE TINTING SHOE SALON — SECOND FLOOR
Riveters Golf Squad Host To Detroit Club In Season's Opener Playing their first m^tch of the season, the Boilermaker linksmen will open against the Detroit team Saturday on the West Lafayette Golf Club. With the top notch golfers still to be decided upon by Coach Harry Allspaw, the team will be fighting very hard to make'good performances in their match. Thus far this season the team has played three matches,, all played on their southern trip during spring vacation. They, were defeated in their first two meets by Georgia Tech and the University of Georgia.' In the final engagement they defeated the Tennessee linksmen. The Riveters were playing against odds as the Southern squads had had a great deal more practice due to the more decent weather which they enjoyed. The match is to be played on the West Lafayette course and the top men have not been selected for the match Saturday. What Harry’s Got I Men who have been showing exceptionally well this spring are Captain Bob Hoffer, C. T. Curran, Bud Evers, Doug McDaniel, Bob McKenzie, Bob Skinner, and Sam Welding. Captain Bob Hoffer and Bob McKenzie are the two lettermen ftom last year’s squad. Last year’s squad won'six out of seven dual meets. .They placed a close second in the State meet behind Notre Dame and tied for seventh place in the Big Ten championship meet. Dolphin Club . . . men’s swimming honorary, announces the initiation of the following: Ted Anderson,. Frank Branner, G. W. Wolf, Alex Kusko, Ed Welch, member of the faculty, Gordon Bloomquist, Frank Farkas, and Les Pursell. » Mortar Board . . . senior women’s honorary, is conducting a campus survey of senior women to determine their preferences in silverware patterns. They are co-operating in this with the Toll Silverware company. Senior women are urged to state their preferences to Mortar Board members.
Almost 2,000 drawings, 100 photographs and 6,000 pages of notes are the result of 10 years of snail research by a University of Illinois scientist.
Phona 3085
SHIRTS—Neal Collars and Cuffs are a Joy to BEHOLD! American's Modern Shirl-Finishing Units do an E-perf Job— Shirts Finished in Our Bacheler
Bundle— $1.25
Min.5 lbs.
for
American Laundry WeatSi<^«Of&oo 132 VImSI.
When Captain Hord took the mound to throw the first pitch to a Wabash batter he was the first of an impressive cavalcade of Boilermaker baseball players to whip the sphere around the diamond. That was 52 years ago, in April, 1888. Wabash won that first game. The Little Giants pounded hard the offerings of the Boilermaker leader, but the error column showed 12 misplays which contributed to the downfall of the first Purdue baser ball team in its first intercollegiate game. The final score was 18-6. Dusting Off the Records No records exist which show the * number of times each of the nine Gold and Black players stepped to the plate, but runs, hits, put outs, assists and errors were tabulated and shelved for future reference. Shortstop Franklin scored three times, second baseman Holmes , crossed the plate twice, and center fielder Hart added another. Hord himself, captain and pitcher, contributed two hits, as did Franklin and Dresser. Eight Wabash batsmen were set down by the strike out route. Baseball was not half so old then as it is now. Rules have undergone many changes, leagues have been altered, and public interest has zoomed skyward since that date. Fifty-two years later the Purdue baseball team meets the Pittsburgh Pirates. Ours Are The Veterans Dutch Fehring’s squad has one distinction which places it before the Pirates. The Boilermakers can boast a longer history than the Pittsburgh team of Frank Frisch’s. Pittsburgh entered the national league in 1905. Purdue entered the broader collegiate field in 1888. Captain I Hord and the rest of the 1888 nine are long gone from the University, but they stand, as does that first game, as a symbol, a foundation for the years to come, a contrast to the day in April more than half a century later, when the Boilermaker of Purdue meets the Pirate of Pittsburgh. In the first lineup for the Old Gold and Black were Hord, pitcher; Moody, catcher; Goodwin, first base; Holmes, second base; Fra^^ lin, shortstop; Dorner, third base; Dresser, left .field; DeHart, center field; and Potter, right field.’ Mass Golf Tournament Begins On Saturday Fraternity Golfers Beware! Many sore muscles will ha developed by would-be fraternity linksmen as a result of the announcement by M. L. Clevett of the inter-fra-temity mass golf tournament. So far this season there has seen little or no golfing; however, the next few days should see a flurry of activity sweep the links as frenzied fraternities marshall their forces against the zero hour, April 13, when the tourney commences. ; All fraternity men interested should sign up with the Intramural ■ Director before noon Tuesday, April 9, and then get in all possible prac- ' tice before the following Saturday.
m HAPIO OHYINB OF FOODS!
TW DAYS KHI TUAI. LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO. niONE 5078 4iK fr SALEM smcrs) if J ' ‘ ‘ , ' " ’ » t^* 1 \ 0 i'"'’** 'f 'i^-- > ^ f« ^ '
4i ?'• r.
/«.
PUBDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday* April 10. 1940 ^
Jinuds^ Jalk
Kappa Gamma, social sorority, entertained alumnae and faculty guests Monday at a luncheon in honor of two national officers of the organization. Mrs. Richard Schyrock. Grand President, from Mer1011, Pennsylvania, was the visiting guest of honor. Doiothy C. Stratton, Dean of Women, and Mrs. Mark Reasoner, national director of provinces for Kappa Kappa Gamma, were also present. Mrs. Schyrock, who was the main speaker at the Kappa state luncheon in Indianapolis last Saturday, was on a tour of the sorority’s four chapters in Indiana. During her visit, Mrs. Schyrock discussed plans for the organization’s national convention which will be held at Sun Valley, Idaho, in July.
Tau Kappa Epsilon . . . social fraternity, announces the- installation of the following officers: president, Harry Kwasny, Mishawaka; vice-president, Taylor Witham, Indianapolis; recording secretary, Joseph Brennan, Muncie; historian, Kenneth Mack, Goshen; treasurer, Delmer James, Crawfordsville; chaplain, Ellis Verink, Indianapolis; pledge master, Nicholas Vasile, East Chicago; sergeant-at-arms, Elmer Daggy, Thorntown; house manager, Robert Meiford, Lebanon; athletic manager, Robert MacDowell, West Lafayette; steward, Jarvis Jens, Hammond; song leader, Eber Smith, South Bend.
Alpha Zeta
Pope Pius XII has named the Right Rev. Monsignor Joseph M. Corrigan, rector of Catholic University, titular Bishop of Bilta.
. . . agricultural honorary, will hold a banquet Wednesday evening in honor of the spring initiates. Prominent alumni from many parts of the United States are expected to attend and the affair promises to be one of the most important events on the agricultural campus this year.
the Purdue Ser Direc • School Sfippiiec
Exponent rice story • Professional
Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RMK DR. LUTHER A. RICK DR. HAROLD |. R»K 4th a Main Plwna 5701
• Jewelers
• Dine
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of jSquare FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Wxwje 46214
• Hardware
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTDN HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
• Locksmith
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, dgor locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N.5tbSt. Phorta2828
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
Mass Production ... is often blamed for the many social evils prevailing in the world today. Mass production of college graduates is often blamed for the gradual but definite decline of culture in our modern American University. Here at Purdue the powers that be, President Elliott and the present administration, have made several attempts to revive cultural pursuits in our ever increasing student body. To date, there has been no widespread growth and development of culture at Purdue. Reasons for this are mere conjectures. Our guess is that they have been trying to sell the student customer something at his back door instead of approaching him from the front entrance. By that we mean that the modern generation, leaning more toward science and technology, is more interested in the culture of today and tomorrow instead of the culture of yesterday. Youth today is interested in the culture of Carl Sandburg, the culture of Frank Lloyd Wright, in short, the culture arising from the search for truth and beauty in America. These men have found in America the culture of realism, the culture growing out of the ruggedness and perseverance of our pioneer ancestors as distinguished from the romantic culture of aptiquity. Tonight the Union-sponsored Art Club begins a series of forums and lectures designed to bring the student body some knowledge and appreciation of art in the sense of contrivance and ingenuity. At this first meeting, a movie entitled “The Evolution of the Cartoon,” will be shown. This movie will attempt to point out the cleverness and inventiveness which have been attendant with the growth of the epic animated cartoon. In addition. Prof. L. R. Eastwood of the physical education department will speak on “The Art of Living in the Pushbutton Age,” in which he will point out the needs, aims, and uses of leisure time. K you are one of those people who associate culture with castor oil and believe that it should be taken only when necessary and then only in small doses, it seems to us that tonight’s meeting should be a “painless” opportunity to cultivate an appetite for the new culture. —R. W. D.
"For Men Only"
It seems \that Spring has been turning the young men’s fancies for fair these days, judging by the amount of club jewelry changing sweaters. —B & B— The prize fish story of the year concerns Don Nan who put his Phi Kappa pin on Helen Fehr, Butler Tri-Delt pledge. That in itself is excusable. However it seems that Helen was here for the week-end with a covey of Tri-Delts and after calling up nearly everyone she knew, she walked out of the Union phone booths into Don whom she had never before cast eyes at or on to the extent of our knowledge. Siezing upon the opportunity he took her to the PIA dance. Saturday night she wore a Phi Kappa badge. Who says the days of miracles are not yet with us! —B & B— Frank Mcllvane put his Beta pm on Theta, Jo Ann Jackson the other day. It seems to us that we recall Jo saying that she would never take a pin while still a freshman. Spring must hav4 got in its dirty lick again. —B & B— Dave Rankin, our all American boy, is getting a little wild these
. . . read the sign over our head as we stood in the second floor West corridor of the new Union addition. _ Naturally we were interested, for such a sign would at lea^t mildly prick the curiosity whether it appeared on Broadway, on a World’s Fair Midway, or even in the Union building. ' We discovered some stairs '^behind the door, and climbed them with a mixed feeling of exploration and discovery. Then we found ourself in the W^t tower room, which Was well furnished with upholstered furniture and several davenports. Overstaffed furniture has always instilled a lazy feeling in our soul, so we dropped into one of the heavily plushed chairs and proceeded to carefully drape a leg over the arm. Turning to the little man in the next chair, who was rather disinterestedly perusing a newspaper, reading the funnies and neglecting the war/news, we asked where we were and why. Then we found this out: The Student Union arranged the room as a “bum room” for men only, where bull sessions may have no restraint, and where the busy male may catch up on his reading or radio-listening without the disturbing presence of the feminine element. The room will be furnished with daily papers from Chicago, Indianapolis, New York, and Lafayette, and a set of 13 magazines will be provided for those who wish to read. So the men of Purdue have finally come into their own For yeais, male Boilermakers have looked in wonder on that sanctuary of the Union sacred to womanhood, which IS labeled “Women’s Lounge.” Now and then a male would violate this female rendezvous early in the morning and sleep on a davenport. But this did not make the Union officials very happy, and once
Purdue Exponent
R. E. lnd«gr W. E. Smith.
.... Bditar-iii-Clil«f . BnainMa HanacMT
D. G. Terjjio, editorial director; G. W. Frederic*, numaginK editor; E. M, Antonini, senior advextisiner manacer; G. Schilling:, co-ed editor; R. Jenkins, sports editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congrress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of poetase provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during: tibie res:nlar academic year and weekly during; the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, paail subscription $3.^0. Represented for national advertising: by National Advertising: Service, Inc., College Publishers Representiddves, 420 Madison Avc, New York. N. T. All unsigmed editorials are written by the editorial director. I I Nig:ht Editor, Smith Day Editor, Carroll Issue Eiditor, Moss Wednesday, April 10, 1940
nearly scared a couple of co-eds into jumping out of the window when they discovered a fuzzy ed on a sofa at 8 a. m, ^ Now the men will have a place to talk and read without the presence of swishing skirts. Those who like to spend their leisure time in the company of other men only, and those who long for an occasional complete relief from saddle shoes and hair bows, should find a happy retreat in the new “bum room.”
days. He had given his gold football to the blond at the West Desk a few months ago, and now the guy is seen holding hands with co-eds in the bowling alleys. Tsk, tsk. —B & B— Less than a week after hearing
of Pat Poto’s marriage in Hammond spring vacation, the |>oys at the KDR house were jolted afresh by the knowledge that Bob Hogue had put his jewelry on Pat’s new sister-in-law. Spring does it again.
Read this fast— Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear Fuzzy Wuzzy had no hair Fuzzy Wuzzy wasn’t fuzzy was he? We think so too.
mmtSer ^ ^AtmmMneeMS/
Mr. Glencannon versus
Was it Lincoln—or Glencannon—^who said, you can’t lick ’em, join ’em”? This week, Glencannon finds his ancient enemy MacCnimmon working a profitable smuggling racket, and decides to join in. Like a cat joins a mouse, we might add. by GUY GILPATRIC
IN THE SATURDAY EVENING POST TODAY i
^ Meet Baseball’s Red-eyed Radical Meet the man who last Decemb«r slyly engineered a new rule that is making the Yanks rage. Bob Considine and Shirley L. Povich in this week’s Post bring you the first of two articles about Clark Griffith, President of the Washington Senators, Yankeebaiter No. 1! Read Old Fox. FLiiniii jdhikhiii Here’s the not-so-crackpot story of a man who can buy a wrecked crate for $8 and the same week sell the crank-case alone for $60—ftocfc to the flyer who wrecked it! Introducing Mr. Balboni, the air-minded junkman who even expects to buy Los Angeles some day for $24! An article in this week’s Post by T. Benson Hoy.
MUTINY AT THE SODA COUNTER by JEROME BARRY
Spread the butter a little too thick, be a trifle too generous with the ham and cheese, and you can make the best soda counter chief lose his job. Unless he catches yon at it! ... A story of skullduggery at a Broadway soda fountain, with a dash of romance for good measure.
And.. . CONVERSATION WITH AN EX-WIFE, a short story. We're All J^retenders, by Felicia Gizycka and Oliver La Farge; an article, Queen Tramp Rules the S^as; and the second part of Philip Wylie’s hilarious new Hollywood fishing serial, Salt Water Daffy. Also articles, short stories, poems, cartoons. All in this week’s Post.
BIUSTNC 7H£ WAR ..isctfiwAivmmwc? With 90% of her prewar industry destroyed, how is China still able to cheat Japan of victory? Edgar Snow brings you the details of China’s “Indusco plan” and her strange “three-stage prolonged war” strategy which may yet defeat the Japs. ms WOUNDS . ""g EDGAR SNOW
? 'm
i