'(« "‘‘^ '^''-V'^’^,*'-' ’ tf f \ / ^ ^ ^ ■>( ^ -> ^ ^ ■* ‘■in ^ * I ' , w ' ’ . ' y ^ ' ,
. ■' s' * ’. ’■'
THE WEAIHER Forecast for Indiana: Rain or snow probable; colder today, rising temperature tomorrow.
Purdue Exponent
WEDNESDAY March h 1939 Lofoyetfe^ htdioua Vol.50 No. 126
K-IM
Barrie Breaks Contract; Felton To Play Cotillio^’
i
Happy Felton with his “Music With a Smile” will play for the Sophomore Cotillion on Friday, March 17, in place of Dick Barrie, the Cotillion committee announced last night. Barrie has received a Jong term contract from the west coast which he could not accept if he played here, and consequently cancelled I — the local contract.
Dr. Walters |o Speak On Painting As Hobby At Meeting Tonight
Dr. J. E. Walters, director of engineering personnel, Asdll givQ an informal lecture this evening at 7:30 in the Union music room entitled “Painting for Pleasure,” in which he will express his ideas on appreciation of art and the use of painting as a leisure time activity. ‘(I shall endeavor to point out the basic principles of design and arrangement common to all aift woi’k by building a painting from the bottom up,” explained Walters. He will use his exhibit of 34 oil paintings to illustrate the lecture, and to help in making clear some of the more elementary principles. It is his opinion that the ability to appreciate art in any of its forms is an essential item in the cultural development of successful men. Walters’ talk is the first of a series which is to be sponsored by the PIA on the general subject of culture. In recent years, the Personnel Service staff has suggested to students that they select three or four hobbies and try each one out while they are still in the University. “If you are interested in painting or other hobbies, the only way to really know whether you will enjoy them, is to try each,” says Walters. The first lectures will cover the ■“Background Subjects,” art, literature, music, and travel. Remaining talks will stress the application of a cultural background to success in the business and social world, and will also cover the subject of manners and etiquette. Musk Program Postponed First music appreciation program at which Controller R. B. Stewart was scheduled to speak tomorrow night has been postponed until next week on Thursday. The change was made because of conflict with the Floral Musical, which -will be held tomorrow night in Eliza Fowler Hall. This announcement was made last night by Thais Crepps, Student Union vice-president in charge of music room activities.
Felton and his band, who recently played an engagement at the Lyric 'Theater in Indianapolis, have confined most of their activities to the East,\where the band has appeared in hotels and theaters. Felton’s orchestra includes several male and girl singers, a trio, a quartet, and
a comedian.
Francis J. Felton, which is Happy’s real name, organized his band after several years on the vaudeville stage. Besides wielding the baton, Happy occasionally “swings” his six foot, 260 pound frame into a lyric or comedy stunt. With final selection of a band completed the committee is now working on decorations, which will incorporate some of Skull and Crescent’s symbols. R. A. Dilts is chairman of the committee; J. H. Brooks has charge of the grand march, and is collaborating with R. P. Bratten, in charge of the decorations; J. C. Van Horn, programs; W. S. Rehm, banquet; and R. G. Massey, publici-
ty.
Florists' Conference Opens This Morning Demonstrations and discussions from 9 this morning until noon in the Horticultural Building and the greenhouses ■will open the State Florists’ Conference. Prof. L. M. Sears of the history, government, and economics department, will speak on “The Changing Times” at a banquet in the Union faculty lounge at 6:30 p. m. Discussion on “Cultural Problems of Greenhouse Crops” in the Horticultural Building is scheduled this afternoon from 1:30 to 4:30. At 4:30 the Indiana State Florists’ Association will meet in the Horticultural Building. The Floral Musical held each year in connection with the conference, will be presented in Eliza Fowler Hall tomorrow evening. NYA Checks Arrive NYA checks for the month ending February 15 arrived at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building yesterday afternoon and are now being distributed. With the exception of a few special projects, all checks are short three hours pay because of a shortage of funds for this period.
Tommy Dorsey Sat in
with Harry McCrady’s band last Friday night while Harry was playing for the Butler Band Benefit Ball at the Butler University Fieldhouse,
in Indianapolis.
Dorsey is playing the trombone as usual, in business suit. In front with the sax is Bob Reed. In the second row from left to right are Bob Willy, and Jack Rubin. In the rear, face cut off, is Frank Sternberg. Dorsey sat in for the playing of his theme, “I’m Getting Sentimental Over You,” and also “Honeysuckle Rose,” and “Room With a View,” Edythe Wright, Dorsey’s vocalist, also appeared with the band.
Union Invites Entire Student Body To Tea Dance At 4 p.m. Today In response to many requests, the Student Union with ■vice-presi-dent Vincent Hruby in charge will sponsor a tea dance this afternoon from 4 to 6:30 p. m. in the ballroom. Music will be furnished by popular recordings of many famous orchestras. Admission is free to all students, and the Union welcomes the entire student body to
attend.
Hruby said yesterday, “We are staging this dance in order to find out how interested the student body is in giving this sort of a dance. We welcome any criticisms of suggestions on how such a dance could be better presented, and hope that thereby student interest in tea dances -will be stimulated. Cutting will be allowed between dances, but no cutting during the dance.” British Visiting Professor Of Physics Starts ledure Series At 4 O'clock Today Professor R. H. Fowler of the Cavendish Laboratories, Cambridge, England, will be visiting professor of physics during March and part of April. During stay at Purdue, Professor Fowler will give a series of lectures on recent developments in statistical thermodynamics, and will also conduct the regular physics seminar. First of his lectures, which will present a survey of the applications of statistical mechanics, will be given today at 4 o’clock in the physics lecture room. This lecture ■will be open to the student body. Succeeding lectures of the series will be given on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays at 4 p. m. in room 205 of the Physics Building. These lectures will be more technical in character, and of interest principally to staff members and graduate students in the departments of physics, chemistry, and mathe-
matics.
Professor Fowler’s seminar lectures -will be given Thursday evenings at 7:30, in the physics’ lecture room, and will be open to all who desire to attend. The first lecture will be given tomorrow. Can You Write Ads? Here's Your Chance To Win Smoker Set At some time or other, in looking at advertisements, you undoubtedly have said to yourself, “I could write a better ad than that.” Well . . . here’s your chance! An Exponent advertiser is offering a deluxe set of six pipes in a gift box, absolutely free to the student writing the best advertisement in the same amount of space as the contest announcement that appears in today’s issue. The rules are easy. There is nothing to buy. Sincerity and originality of thought are the main requisites. It is important that clear, concise copy be used—^no illustrations. The only cut that may be used is the facsimile of the logotype appearing in the avei-tisement. The contest ends March 11 and will be judged by Prof. J, H. McKee, of the English department. Miss D. J. Henninger, Exponent art director and Harry Nevin, Exponent national advertising manager. Debris Frosh Sales School Will Hear W. Sodden Today Third meeting of the Debris freshmen sales school ivill be held today at 4 p. m. in room C of the Union. W. A. Bodden, University chief accountant, -will speak on “Benefits of Debris Sales Work.” Thirty students turned out for the last meeting, and Debris officials urge any others interested to attend this session. After today’s meeting the freshmen will be divided into groups and placed under the supervision of sophomore salesmen.
^ *
Student-Faculty Forum Meets To Discuss teaching Methods Laboratory Group 50 Interested Representatives Weigh Both
Theater Gives Two Plays Before 500 Purdue Playshop’s * Laboratory Group Theatre last night presented two plays,. “The Lighthouse Keepers,” and “J. Smith and Wife,” in Fowler Hall to a audience of approximately 500 invited guests. The Group Theater is primarily an organization of students to provide for student experience in acting and directing, under supervision of a faculty advisor. Both plays were well received by the audience. Plot of the first production, directed by Jack Armitage, was the story of a lighthouse keeper and his son. It involved the tension and ensuing excitement of a storm at sea and the illness and ultimate death of the son due to a complicated case of rabies contracted while he was on
shore.
The second play, directed by Bill Carr, concerned a young husband and wife killed in an accident at sea The play opens with the couple in heaven discussing their life while on earth and how it could have been improved. The decision reached was that humility, a virtue which they failed to practice to any extent, was the desired quality in earthly life. 250 Attend Animal Husbandry Banquet Speaking before approximately 250 enthusiastic agricultural students, short course students, and guests. Col. E. M. Wentworth, representative of Armour and' Company and former college professor, talking on “Livestock Before the Days of the Purebred,” said “Radio, telephone, steamships, or automobiles can not compare with horses, cattle, sheep and swine when it comes to the principal factor that helped man dominate civilzation. Of all classes of livestock, I suppose the horse has done the most.” A historical drama, “DeSoto Offering Roast Pork to the Chickasaw Indians,” -pi'esented by the junior and senior animal husbandry students, portrayed the introduction of pork as a food to the American Indians in the year 1540. The play, coached by Prof. W. W. Smith and Prof. E. E. VanLone, both of the animal husbandry department, featured L. S. Hardin and L. A. Johnson with 17 others on the supporting cast. Dean V. C. Freeman read the prologue. Prof. Ben H. Petty..'. ... of the ci^vil engineering school is attending the Illinois Road School at the University of Illinois. He is scheduled to appear as the guest speaker at the Road School smoker in the Urbana-Lincoln hotel tonight.
Sides Of Topic in Union Reception Room Faculty and students met last night in the Union reception room to discuss “What Is Wrong With Teaching at Purdue?” Fifty men and women, two thirds of whom were faculty members, started out on that subject and had to be reminded twice that 9 o’clock had arrived, so interesting had the discussion become. ^
Master"'of ceremonies was Lucy Demoret and announced speakers were Prof. M. W. Todd, CE school; Prof. Marian Willoughby, of the pE school; Mary A. Learning, president of WSGA; and Harris Stanback, Exponent editor. Good Student Miss Willoughby spoke first on the subject, “What is a good student.” Her comments seemed to represent the opinions of other faculty members, and some of them were that students should: 1. Think for himself. 2. Be willing to do outside work. 3. Be friendly in class, make acquaintances. 4. Assume responsibility. s» 5. Place his school work first. What Is a Good Teacher? Mary Alice Learning countered this request for student characteristics vdth ideas of student requisition of instructors. Good characteristics pre;^erred in the faculty were: 1. Good personality and interesting. 2. Ability to make students want to do work. 3. Vary lectures by personal experiences. 4. Link subjects ■with fields of students in all schools. 5. Friendly but dignified. 6. Lay down minimum requirements at beginning of year. 7. Should present neat appearance. 8. Exams should include “thinking” questions. Students and faculty agreed on three major points brought up. The first of these was that the description of classes in the catalog was not adequate for selection of electives. Both faculty and students agreed that a complete description of courses should be drawn up and made available to all students, in such places as the library and school offices. Agree On Counseling Changes Second point agreed upon by both parties was an improved faculty student counseling system. Dean Dorothy Stratton suggested the idea of combining academic and personal counseling. The present Purdue system separates these two fields. Other suggestions included: freshmen selecting a counselor from actual instructors, and the hiring of personnel men to acquaint themselves with both sides and act as professional counselors. “Students and faculty should hold joint meetings to plan educational policies and practices,” was suggested from the floor and met with
considerable agreement. A sidelight on this was Stanback’s suggestion that complete lab reports should be more rarely required. This point was agreed upon by several faculty members. School Surveys Miscellaneous points were brought out by both faculty members and students. One much discussed proi»osition was the inauguration of survey courses in every engineering school. Objection to the present system was that a general knowledge of fields other than the ones major was not available. Prof. Todd mentioned that most siurveys would not give this information, the field' being too broad. New Frosh Members Of Activities Bureau Meet Today In Union Activities Bureau freshmen will meet today at 4 p. m. in room B of the Union. Object of the meeting will be to familiarize the freshmen with various activities which ■will be conducted by the Bureau for the rest of the semester. This meeting -will close the call for second semester freshmen. A few more ■will be accepted at this meeting though the specified number that the Bureau tried to attain has been reached. These new freshmen may obtain application blanks at 4 p. m. in the Bureau office ,and at that time they ■will be assigned to one of the committees. Jacobson To Speak The meeting -will be conducted by L. A. Jacobson, director of the Bureau. His short talk ■will be the first introduction to the new work and will be followed immediately by the introduction of the junior officers under whose direction the freshmen will work The juniors ■will make individual assignments to the fresh-
'The meeting ■will continue until 4:30 p. m. and all sophomores are required to attend. Work will begin tomorrow afternoon at 4 pun*
Theta Tau..,
. . . professional engineering fraternity, announces the pledging of J. F. Kuznicki and H. A. Weglinski, both of Dunkirk, N. Y.
^Social Advances Lag Behind iTechnical'—Dukes
U. S. Spends $200,000,000 Annually For Research
“We have not kept up socially with our advances technically,” declared Dean R. G. Dukes of graduate school in an address Monday before the regular monthly meeting of the University’s agricultural staffs in the Union faculty lounge More than $200,000,000 is spent in the U. S. annually for research work, said Dukes, one-fourth of which is used for research in universities, another quarter by the government, and one-half by industrialists. Dean Dukes pointed to the Bell Telephone Laboratories in New York City, occupying one city block and costing $16,000,000 ahnually, as the largest research center in this country. “The gospel of
research has gotten under the hides
of industrialists,” he said. Top 100 Do Most Research Probably the top-ranking hun-
dred of the 1,400 colleges and \miversities in the coimtry do most of\ the research that is done on campuses. The University of Chicago alone spends $2,500,000 annually, for research. Dean Dukes estimated that $17,000,000 is spent for research at the 54 Agricultiu-al Experiment Stations in this country, one of which is situated at Purdue. Approximately one-third of this sum is appropriated by the Federal government, the remaining two-
thirds coming from the states. At the present time, there are
about 10,000 persons working toward a Ph. D. degree in the United States, 2,700 of whom will get this
degree this year. There have been about 2,000 persons receiving Ph. D. degrees annually for the last 10 years, the speaker said. About onehalf of these high degrees are in the natural sciences. “Search For New Knowledge” Dean Dukes defined research as a “search for knowledge.” He told Purdue agricultimil experiment station staff members that “The world needs your work. You have a career that has nothing finer on the
entii“e earth.”
Clifford Hardin acted as chairman of the committee on arrangements in the absence of Dr. E. L. Butz, who was ill. The following committee was named for the next luncheon; Glen Lehker, chairman; W. W. Worzella, J. Seaton, and Miss
Elsie Glasgow.t I
1
mm
1,
£dUxfdaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
% -ft
JieaiuAeA,
Wednesday, March 1,1939
Culiure... , \ ... at Purdue—this engineering, economics, agriculture, and science school of ours-—^is very much underemphasized. Spare time is at a premium for tooth students and faculty members, so that it is no wonder that such a condition exists. In the last few years attempts have been made to remedy the situation. Most of these attempts have come from the Union, both the student group and the building managerial staff; and from extracurricular groups such as the musical and dramatic organizations and WSGA. There is a definite need for more cultural training at Purdue. Right now undergraduates have no spare time—but when they leave Purdue they will be faced with the problem of free evenings, Saturdays and Sunday. Without the ability to appreciate good music, literature, art or sports the graduate will find himself unable to find the leisure happiness that should keep him enthusiastic and energetic in his productive work. Last year President Elliott set aside a sum of money to be used this year for a co-ed culture conference. Now the Purdue Independent Association plans to sponsor a two-months program open to the whole campus which will cover approximately the same ground. They are undertaking this because they realize that independents students will need the training. Fraternity men will need it just as much, in our opinion, and PIA has extended their invitation to cover any students on the campus. First event on this program will be a talk on “Painting for Pleasure” to be given tonight in the Union music room by Dr. J. E. Walters, who himself makes a hobby of painting. This talk fits into the program admirably because it will be given by a person who can tell students how an artistic hobby can make spare time a pleasure rather than a weight on the mind. The rest of PIA’s culture program is tentative. Plans are being completed to have a series of meetings to cover two particular phases of culture—^background subjects such as art and music appreciation, and points of evei^day application such as etiquette and conversation. We feel that University graduates have a crying need for more cultural background.
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Congress of March 8. 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1022. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. ^ Editor-In-Chief. H. 1. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor D. 8. Hardin City Editor. - D. A. Bailey Associate Editors.—G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, B. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. —.— M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager — E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager.— — W. P. Berg Sales Manager — .V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager. — .— H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager — W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor — Sally McKee Associate Editors - Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor B. L. McDonald Associate Editors — J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL flFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, aSk for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6083 SPORTS OFFICE " Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 RBPRESENTEO FOR NATIONAI. ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publfshers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICASO ' BOSTON ‘ LOS AHSELES - SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Terrio Issue Editor—Leber Wednesday, March 1, 1939
Bold
an^
d
PIA has felt that need and proposes to do something about it. Student cooperation will be necessary if any permanent good results are to be accomplished. These meetings will be worthy of good attendance ... it will be interesting to see if the eds can approximate the almost perfect attendance co-eds showed at their conference.
and
By Georgann Schilling
March 1st—the very first day of the “let-down” month. In contrast to February’s gala patriotic holidays and Valentine frolics, March has only wind, rain, and hopes for spring to offer. But then there’s always Saint Patrick’s Day to give the month a little brightening up. —H-H— It’s Wednesday, and time for the fraternities and sororities to get together for the weekly social events known as trade dinners. Tonight’s exchange dinners scheduled are the Chi O’s with the Delts, the Thetas with the Kappa Sigs, the Pi Phis with the Sigma Pis, and the Kappas with the Pi Kappa Phis. —H-H— This week-end brings another winter formal—one that is quite difficult to get to unless you are “in the know.” The military department once more takes over the ballroom; and from the description given of the planned decorations, a regular “all noisy on the Purdue front” will be in evidence. Dean Hudson and his band which hails from the South are to play for the mixer in the ballroom Saturday night. And .Happy Felton is replacing Dick Barrie for the Sophomore Cotillion. Happy, former stage comedian, features many talented entertainers along with his music. —H-H— If you feel the urge to dance this afternoon, you might try the Union Tea Dance in the ballroom. So far this season these dances have been very popular with the students. The music furnished by recent recordings is used for the swing and sway. Drop around. 'Agriculiurlsl' Calls For New Home Economics Editor All girls interested in writing home economics news for the Purdue Agriculturist have been requested by Editor L. D. Kingsley to get in touch with Mary E. Wien, HE ’39, as soon as possible. Duties of the girls chosen will not begin until time for the publication of the May issue. From those wTio apply, one girl will be chosen for position of home economics editor for next semester.
Crepps Attends American Concrete Institute Meeting Prof. R. B. Crepps, of the University school of civil engineering, is attending the American Concrete Institute meeting in New York City, where he will present a paper on “Stresses in a Pre-Stressed Concrete Conduit” at the session on research tomorrow morning. On his return Professor Crepps will stop off at Columbus, 0., to attend the spring meeting of the American Society of Testing Materials, March 6-10. He is a member of the committee on masonry of the society. Wesley Foundaiion Starts Bible Class Series Tonight Wesley Foundation’s second semester Bible Class will begin tonight at 7 o’clock at the Foundation House, 435 State street. Studies in St. John and St. Paul will be offered. The class will meet each Wednesday at this hour until spring vacation.
Out-ing Club Hikes, weiner roasts and outings of various kinds will be included in the activities of the WAA Outing Club, which will be organized at a meeting Monday at 5 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. , Any co-eds interested in various outdoor spring recreations are invited to attend the meeting. Officers for the club will be elected at this meeting.
Mixed Recreation Purdue Sportswomen will again sponsor mixed recreation in the Women’s Gymnasium, Friday, from 7:30 to 9:30 p, m. Volleyball, badminton, ping pong, deck tennis and swimming are the activities featured. A charge of 10 cents is required of men who use the swimming pool. Other sports are without charge. Tennis shoes must he worn by all who participate in other sports.
Black
JOE GLOVER, Delt pledge, was heard bemoaning the fact that hVs had 16 dates with GEORGIA CARROLL, Kappa, and he still hasn’t gotten anywhere. What do you expect, JOE? When a fellow gets a chance to go to a state dance he should at least show up for it. 'After JOANN GEER left for the Uhi 0 state dance in the company of BOB INSLEY, nothing was seen of them until Sunday night. What have you got to say for yom'self, BOB? JOE MILES claims he is strictly NOT a “one-girl”' man, but 'has anybody seen him without VIRGINIA WRIGHT? Seeing MINNIE VENEMANN in the grill the other day with several men, brings to light this boner. When the Prof, rattled off some figures on the number of children per family of Purdue professors, MINADEL popped up with the question: “Does that include the unmarried professors?” Here’s something to shout at. The gals over at Collegiana have set a bit of a record. Out of the 20 co-eds in the house, seventeen have pins and four are engaged. Do you suppose they could be having a race or something? SUCKER OF THE WEEK: This week we would like to dedicate the honor to FARRELL RUPPERT. After the BILL STRONG (Beta) and MARY PETTICREW affair had gone on the rocks, MARY asked RUPPERT to the Chi O state dance. MARY and BILL patched things up before the dance leaving RUPPERT the fish. If BETTY WICKARD could only find KELLNER’S picture, BETTY might have a little peace. Poor BETTY has looked everywhere for the picture without results. Do you suppose she WANTS to find it? At the Pi Phi tea Sunday, BOB VERNOR spent the afternoon in the smoker supplying the gals with cokes. When the time came to represent the Delts, BOB faithfully went upstairs to do his duty.
And the farmer woke up the
“A Class B picture—^my mother-in-law!”
sleeping beauties! Just who were the two Phi Kappa pledges who decided to hike to South Bend about 2 a. m. Sunday morning . . . they woke up sleeping off the after-ef-fects of a good celebration in some farmer’s haystack outside of town . . . the farmer was just in the act of throwing a pitchfork into the boys ... as an after-thought, he decided to ask if they were alive or dead ... Just who were these guys?
T. G. Hornung...
For Pipes to Fit Your Personality DR. GRABOW PIPES AT . G. (Deac) REISIMER'S
WIN 6 DR. GRABOW \ PIPES IN AN EASY • AD WRITING CONTEST
There's Nothing to Buy! Or. Gtobow pipes are PreSmoked by machine, with fine tobocco, to moke them sweetl They're fine giftsi They cost only $1,501 That's the story — just write an ad in this same size space, using the Dr. Grabow facsimile cut. The best ad wins a set of Dr. Grabow PreSmoked Pipes in a gift box« >
y.
Wednesday, March 1,1939
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
THE UNION CLUB Located in the Northeast Wing of the Union Is a Quiet Private Unit Locked Off from Fublic Traffic It Contains Sixty Attractively Furnished Bedrooms Which Are Available to University TRANSIENT <]UESTS and to Faculty at a Semester Rate
Convenient and Comfortable TRANSIENT GUEST ROOMS Are Available JhjL ^jtindwL Tyismifued, 'liniofL ^ . ■ The Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
Boilermaker Sports In Brief
•
Wrestling With the wrestling championships in Chicago just a week away, Coach Claude Eeeck’s Rivetei’ matmen will wind up their season’s schedule against a strong Kent State team in a match Friday afternoon at 4 o’clock at the Fieldhouse. This year’s Kent team has been defeated only by the University of Oklahoma in winning seven out of eight matches. Kent is defending its Ohio championship of last year. Outstanding members of the invading squad include Falcone, Doan, and Gruszechi, all intei’state champions last year. Swimming Known as the “Little Olympics” because of tjie brilliant field of aquatic stars competing, the 29th annual Big Ten swimming championships will be contested in the Purdue Olympic-sized pool on Friday and Saturday, March 10 and 11. It will be the first time in Purdue history that the chan^ionship meet has been held here. Records, whether they be world, national collegiate, or American, are in danger of falling throughout the two days of the meet. Michigan and Ohio State, Big Ten and National AAU champs, will reign as favorites to take the title.
Benna Smashes Out Victory In Opening Golden Gloves Bout Joe Benna, Lafayette Golden Gloves chaimp now fighting for Purdue, whipped Bob Wallace of Burllington, la., in the first round of the Chicago Golden Gloves eliminations in the Windy City last night. Benna took the bout in ridiculously easy fashion. Wallace never had a chance. After several of Joe’s killing blows struck home in the first round the referee stopped the fight and awarded it to Benna on a technical knockout. Lawrence Lyles, Lafayette light heavy champ and Purdue’s second representative at Chicago, drew a bye in the first round.
Bowling
Boilermaker bowlers split a dual match with Illinois at the Union bowling alleys Saturday when Illini bowlers scored a total of 2,400 to outpoint the 2,386 points scored by the Purdue men’s team. The Purduv-ian women’s quintet came through and evened the match by chalking up 1,919 points to their opponent’s 1,783.
A
/
ABOVE—Buttoned-on embroidered daisies. Too amusing—and so practical for laundering. Navy, black, cZ°'.. 516-»5
iV*
ABOVE — Printemp-em-broidered organdie and lace petalled to sheer “Suiza.’ Navy, black, lyric, rose, Mfrw RIGHT — High play in a pleated bosom. Marvelous figure. Ellen f&ye does it with a difference. Navy, $l6.»s Sizes 9 to 17. ^ Alniost Everyone Shops at LOEB&HENE COMPANY Exclusive with Loeb^s in Lafayette
Basketball Fresh from Monday’s triumph which-dropped the mighty Hoosiers into a tie for the Bjg Ten lead, the Boilermaker netters will have another chance to scramble the conference race as they face Ohio State at Columbus Saturday. Purdue will be battling for a position close to the leaders in its game with the Buckeyes. A victory Saturday combined with a win over Chicago Monday night would give the Boilermakers an eight win and four loss record. At the Chicago contest Monday, seven Purdue netters will wind up their college careers. Captain Gene Anderson, Tommy Dickinson, Harry Zink, Dale Hutt, Nick Barsha, Sammy Lyboult, and Carl Swan will don the Gold and Black for their last time. Jimmy Hull, the Buckeye’s leading scorer, now in second place in the Big Ten scoring race, will be the Boilermaker’s biggest obstacle at Columbus. The Buckeyes are always hard to beat on their home floor, and Satm-day’s game should prove to be a close fracas. Purdue's Scorers Player FG FT P TP Igney, f 36 12 14 84 Fisher, f 23 12 17 58 Beretta, g .....18 22 19 58 Anderson, c 15 11 41 Weber, c 11 6 10 28 Dickinson, g 6 14 11 26 Herschelman, g 7 1 3 15 Zink, f 4 13 9 Swarts, c-f 1 0 0 2 Totals 121 79 98 321
HANDKERCHIEF TEST PiiUES HESSOll GUnilD KEEPS VITAL ZONE
Always clean and free from goo no matter how often you smoke it. Challenging higher* priced pipes iri bri quality and value.
SPECIAL this Week Starting Today Suits—Overcoats Plain Dresses Silk or Wool
CASH AND CARRY Our Finest Oeaniiig Men^s Felt Hats LONG’S CLKANBBS West Lafayette Office 134 East State St. -Lafayette Office Cor. 9th * Main Sts.
.’NSII.,-v. '
3[oaxL (Ma,
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
TloiksA,
Wednesday, March 1,1939
Athletic Honorary Continues Tryouts Although the weather out-of-dooi*s will not permit Sigma Delta Psi aspirants to be examined in those tests that require the use of the stadium, the indoor tests, however, will be given for the next month and a half in the Fieldhouse and Fieldhouse Gym. The tests will be given on Monday and Thursday afternoons from 4 until 5.
WBAA
'•THE VOICE OF PURDUE”
—Today— 11:00—American Institutions, Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks. 12:15—Sports Review, Dick Shively 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—Meditations, Rev. Otto S. Steele. 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Children’s Symphony Program. 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—Afternoon Music 2:30—Home Decorator. 2‘45—Hymn Echoes, Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 3:00—Symphony Hall. 4:00—Campus Interviews. 4:15—Dick Curtner, pianist. 4:30—^Purdue Round Table. 4:45—Story Book Hour. Intramural Schedule
Classified Ads
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—This year’s popular recordings. One-third off. Call Schory at 41964. LOST AND FOUND LOST—Black leatherette loose-leaf notebook valued highly by one George T. Wilson, Esq Finder will receive a reward and my thanks. Phone 4916.
Notices
WAA Playday Committee Chairmen: Important meeting of chairmen of all committees for basketball playday will be held Thursday, March 2, at 5 p. m in the WAA office —MATHER.
Alpha Phi Omega; No meeting this week (1-3) —STRADLING. Ceres: Open meeting postponed. (1-3) —HORNER.
Undergraduate Dames Club: There will be open house in the Union at 7 :30 p. m., on Thursday, March 2 All student wives and all wives of students are invited to attend. Inquiie at desk for loom number. —ROEHAS. NYA Workers: Checks for period ending February 16 may be obtained at the cashlei’s office in the Executive Building. (1-3) —HOLLENSBE.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting at 7 .30 p m. Thursday, March 2, in Room C of Union Building Very important Cotillion tickets will be distributed —HALL. Horticultural Club: Meeting for Wednesday, March 1, has been postponed for one week because of Florist Conference. —BLAKEB.
Court 8:008.15— Court 8:15Court 8-00-8 15Court 8.00-
—BASKETBALL— —Today— 1— Smithson Beta Sigma Psi vs Pi Kappa Alpha. Phi Kappa Sigma vs Alpha Tau
Omega.
2— —Rechenbach
-Kappa Sigma vs. Kappa Delta Rho. -Delta Chi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon.
3— Jmllard.
-Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Delta Upsi-
lon
■Ward 2-A vs Cary Hall 10 (Final “A”
game).
4— Witsman.
-Lambda Chi Alpha vs Winner (SAE
vs. DU) “A”.
Debris Sophomores: Sales staff meeting in room C of Union at 4 .00 o’clock Wednesday, March 1 —EDWARDS. Debris Freshmen: Sales school meeting, important, in loom C of the Union at 4'00 o’clock Wednesday, Maich 1. —GRIDLEY
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting of cabinet officers Wednesday, March 1 at 4 p. m. in the YWCA office. —KLEIN.
Scriveners; Meeting Sunday, March 6, at 7 .46 p. m. at 126 West Lutz Ave. Guests coming Bring manuscripts —JUSTIN.
BADMINTON DOUBLES —^Today— (Practice Games) Court 5— 4 '00—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Phi Gamma Delta vs. Theta Tau. Court 1— 7 :00—Acacia vs Phi Kappa Tau. 8 :00—Beta Sigma Psi vs Sigma Phi Epsilon. 9 00—Kappa Delta Rho vs Sigma Pi. Couit 2—■ 7 :00—Alpha Chi Rho i s Phi Pi Phi 8:00—Beta Theta Pi vs Sigma Alpha Mu. 9 ;00—Kappa Sigma vs Tau Epsilon Phi. Court 3—■ 7 ;00—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 8 :00—Delta Chi vs Sigma Chi 9:00—Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Court 4—• 7 :00—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 8 :00—Delta 'Tau Delta vs Sigma Nu. 9 :00—Phi Delta Theta vs Theta Chi. Court 6— 7:00—Phi Kappa vs. Theta Xi. 8:09—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Triangle.
Activities Bureau Sophomores: Will the following sophomores report to room B, at 4 o’clock, Wednesday, March 1; Hamilton, G. E.; Richard, M ; Smith, Bette; and Wise, J. H. —JACOBSON. Purdue Engineer: The following men report to the Engineer office on Wednesday, March 1, at 4 p. m.; Botsford, Ruth, Stevens, Layson, Adams, Lawler, Stephenson, Worthington, and Strum —SQUIRES.
WAA Riflery: Class teams will be chosen and published in this column Thursday, March 2 —SMITH.
Purdue Flying Club: Open meeting on Thursday, March 2, at 7:30 p. m. in room F of the Union. —CHEVEDDEN.
Activities Bureau: Following freshmen and sophomores report to these committees at 4 p. m , Wednesday, March 1, in the bureau office: Lutz—Husted, B.; Kutz, J.; Margolis, E.; Ragsdale, K.; Andrew; Shaw, C.; Beddoe, Gipe, Moore, Musser, Speerer, and Barlow. Breuer—Cox, T.; Trueblood, R.; Walley,
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Professional
"DEAC" Everythinfl for a College Education H. G. REISNER
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D,D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Building 4h and Mam (%ona 5701
• Jewelers
• Florists
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flower* Main at 7th Phone 6050
LYU E. FISHER WATCHAAAKER This Is all wa do, but we ffo It waff. Oppocite PM Offkm Wallace Block 322 Fetty St.
• Locksmith
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPiNINO Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
J.: Yoder, T.; Darr, Geer, Voelkel, Applegate, Brody, Feld, Kirkpatrick. Baker—Miller, E.; Bremer, J.; Chambers, C.; DeWitt, F. Smith—Dimmich, H.; Enlaw, G.; Gunkel, W.; Hedderich, C.; Pabst, Hoover, Ells, Lemon, Siljander, Stewart, Rhodehamel, Hays. Jorgeson—Yeoman, J.; McArdle, J.; Mefford, B.: Ochiltree, N.: Ralston, Bass, Houser, Funsett, Kolar, Brookman, Kotfila, Morgan. —JACOBSON.
Individual WAA Tournaments: Badminton, ping pong, shuffleboard, and deck tennis every day this week. All first matches must be played off this week. If unable to do this, please notify Fishleigh, 4061 for badminton; Schiller, 31741 for ping pong and shuffleboard. (3-3) —CASE.
Cosmopolitan Club: Important business meeting Thursday, March 2, at 7:30 p. m. in room 107 in University Hall. —AYASUN.
every Monday, Friday, and Saturday afternoons. —FISHLEIGH. WAA Shuffleboard Tournament: The following doubles matches must be played off by Wednesday, March 1: Sheay-Stanley vs. McMullen-Kasher; Wirt-Wiijt vs. SchlitterThomas. All other players continue in third round. ’ —SCHILLING. WAA Ping Pong Tournament: The following matches must be played off by Wednesday, March 1: Heidi Pochlmann vs. Betty Sheay, Laura Gregory vs. Georgia Walker, Pete Rieman vs. Betty Biesecker, Mary Mather vs. K. Buckalew, Yyonne Holden vs. Ruth Wiley, Frances Raebig vs, Dorothy Newman, June Spry vs. Nancy Lee Dawson, Thelma Cox vs. Katherine Hines. These players will be automatically dropped from the tournament unless they have their Scores posted on the bulletin board by Wednesday, March 1. —SCHILLING.
Swimming: Recreational swimming every day at 4 p. m. Beginners’ non-credit class Wednesday and Friday at 4 p. m. (3-3) —CASE.
WAA Basketball: Practice Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday at 4 p. m. (3-2) —CASE.
Scabbard and Blade; Riflery practice daily range. Tryouts for the team will extend from 4 to 6 p. m. in the Fieldhouse rifle throughout the week. (3-4) —FRANCOS.
Coats— Shoes— Hats!
WAA Fencing: Tuesday and Friday at 4 p. m. (3-3) —CASE.
Glider Club: Meeting Wednesday, March 1, at 7:30 p. m. in the Union Building. Please be prompt. —BUELL.
Sigma Delta Chi; Important meeting Wednesday, Maich 1, at 7 p. m. in the Engineer office. —BAILEY.
Glider Club: Debris pictures will be taken at the airport on Wednesday, March 1, at 4:16 p. m. Please be prompt as it will cause considerable inconvenience if you are late. —BUELL.
Fraternity Presidents: Regular council dinner meeting Thursday, March 2, at 6 p. m. at the Phi Delt House. Important ' —DEAN.
Gold Peppers: Compulsory meeting at 6 p. m. Thursday. March 2, in the WSGA office. Please bring activity reports. —COOLEY. WSGA Executive Board; Meeting Wednesday, March 1, at 7:46 p. m. in the WSGA office. —LEAMING.
T. and I. E. Students: Picture of entire school will be taken next Wednesday evening, March 1, in the tower room at 9. p. m. Everyone be there. —STARR.
ME 31: Examination for removal of condition or incomplete in ME 31 will be held Saturday, March 18, at 1 p. m. in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Make arrangements with the undersigned on or before March 11. —MESSERSMITH.
West Side Office 132 Vine St.
After all your hustling about through the winter’s soot and smoke and dirt—^it is time now to get your spring clothes in shape before the Easter rush. Coats, shoes, hats-^look them all over and send them in for a complete cleaning and fresheniug-up. It’ is economy for you. Don’t leave this for Mother to do. She has burdens enough!
WAA Badminton: The following matches must be played off by Monday, March 6: L Hollingsworth, D Hendrickson) P. Clymer, R. Shlitter; M. L. Riley, G. Walker, N. Phillips, O. Blaygrace; M. Ward, B. J. Fisher: K. Merritt, L. Heiser; K. Ade, E. Rubright: F. C. Calwell, R. Wiley; E HarMson, P. McFarland; M. Schroeder, H. Haller; R. Swift, M. Baldwin; N. Davidson, I. Iiwin; M. Bailey, E. Westover, D. Schillmg, L. Thomas. Courts will be available
Mixed Recreation: There will be mixed recreation every Friday night in the Women’s Gym. Jeanette Shaffer is in charge. (3-3) —FRASER. CE 41 Hydraulics: An examination for the removal of C grades will be held Saturday, March 4th, in room 201, CE Building. Students intending to take the examination must report to the undersigned prior to March Ist. GREVE.
Phone 3085
American! Dependable Dry Cleaners
• "They whimper thatl wield more power than Queen Elizabeth, Marie Antoinette and Cleopatra all in one. Why? "Do diplomats, bankers, Cabinet ministers and journalists meet •weekly at Cliveden, my country home, to rule England behind the scenes? "Did they bring about Anthony Eden’s downfall? "Do I personally favor Naziism? Fascism? Communism?” LADY ASTOR lashes out in reply to the sensational stories about the “Ciiveden Set,” reveals the real beliefs of the woman who went from Virginia toa seat inParliament.
LADY ASTOR INTERVIEWS HERSELF
fi4i
mir ^MSmMtg's MliBSiiili
can V ‘ ’“'■ewball,” they “Arrogant popoff.,^ f “t you can't dent Larrv acP^iHs indestructible Didn’t his dithery lagers show a profit, for Ole first time since 1932? A sportswriter interviews the ^ brought night base. ball to Brookl37n.
*Suhtli
e as
a Punch in the Nose' h STANLEY FRANK
MR.CIEIICAIIIION KIPNAPS A MERMAID
“Ah, foosh!” gasped Mr, Glencannon.“What a frichtful situation! Either I capture a mermaid or I lose my job. A turrible fix!” Aided only by a bottle of Duggan’s Dew, he sets out. But swith! finding Marina the Mermaid only started his troubles! The Way of a Man with a Mermaid by GUY GILPATRIC
«nymore at It useH ★ “HP o nerve of ^ rtr,s?:??^appj by c, ★ COlOlf Pun-. Of eTih“A’ and two ,1. ' Photos by rf .®0UN '‘Tories T-a
^ i