Purdue
Z.18S
^ Volume 51, No. 21
✓ Exponent
W'ednesdoy, October 4, 1939 9
University Enrollment Reaches New All-Time Record Of 7,121
University enrollment for the current semester has set an all time high with 7,121 on the campus. This is an increase of 343 over the enrollment of last year at this time. An announcement by President E. C. Elliott following the close of formal registration on October 1, disclosed the fact that the actual " gain was six per cent over the previous high set last year, and is 2,898 above that of 10 years ago. An analysis of the statistics shows an enrollment of 6,788 men and 1,333 women. Undergraduate students number 6,669 and graduates 452. Distribution The division as to schools is as follows: agriculture, 878; forestry, 119; chemical engineering, 349; metallurgical engineering, 66; civil engineering, 203; electrical engineering, 490; mechanical engineering, 1,269; public service engineering, 73; engineering law, 16; pharmacy, 184; science, 871; home economics, 866; physical education, 147; trade and industrial education, 43. The freshman class led the upperclassmen in enrollment having 2,192, an increase of 42 over last year. There were 19 women among the 3,680 students in engineering. Six women are studying agriculture, and 31 pharmacy. In addition, there are four men stud3nng home ' economics. Unorganized Co-eds Will Elect Officers Members of the House Presidents’ Council under the guidance of the WSGA Housing Committee will hold their second meeting tomorrow at 7:16 o’clock in room A of the Memorial Union building. The group is composed of presidents " from co-ed house groups housing more than six girls. Plans for the meeting include election of officers for the year, a lecture by Emily Jayne Meyer, PI A co-ed, and a group discussion after the talk. Members will also discuss plans for next year’s organization. Margaret Mitchell, chairman of the WSGA Housing Committee, is in charge of arrangements for the meeting tomorrow. Unveil Portrait Of Prof. Fitch Today A portrait of the late Prof. Walter Fitch, a former member of the agricultural extension department, will be presented to the University at 4:30 this afternoon in Fowler Hall. T. A. Coleman, associate director of agricultural extension, will present the portrait, and Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president, will accept it for the University. The portrait will hang permanently with other agriculture leaders’ portraits in the agricultural experiment station. Guy Cantwell, Indiana board of agriculture member, will speak for the two groups at the unveiling. The portrait was made possible by contributions from state agricultural organizations and a number of individual friends of Professor Fitch. Forensic Group Calls Sophomore, Junior Applicants All sophomores and juniors interested in being Forensic managers, as well as those applicants who have been interviewed by the Purdue Activities Bureau are asked to report as follows: sophomores report today ta room 310 of University Hall; juniors report tomorrow to room 308 of University Hall. Juniors will be in charge of the Purdue Speaker’s Bureau, while the sophomores will work as debate managers.
POMM Announces Junior, Senior Fall Pledges For '39-40 Fall pledges to the Purdue Order of Military Merit were announced last night after a meeting in the Armory. The honorary pledges are juniors and seniors in the advanced corps who have shown unusual interest in advanced military by their participation in the various activities of the department to earn citations. Formal pledging will be held Friday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Armory. Pledges must be dressed in formal uniform for this occasion. Senior pledges are LT W. Archibald, R. A. Baske, W. F. Berg, C. H. Bonnet, G. G. Burke, B.H. Burns, J. W. Cochrun, L. B. Counterman, J. E. Dailey, O. Duckworth, J. G. Eilering, O. E. Griest, R. F. Hastings, H. W. Heubner, W. M. Hilt, E. G. Hobbs, K. C. Houston, R. W. Huffman, F. B. Kuchinsky, H. S. Laycock, L. L. Lyles, U. L. McConnel, W. O. McWorkman, W. E. Madden, C. K. Milner, W. A. Mytinger, H. W. Nevin, G. E. Olson, W. R. Ott, e R. C. Potter, R. E. Potts, A. W. Rifenburgh, J. I. Salstein, E. C. Schrader, J. L. Simmons, J. P. Smith, J. 0. South, R. E. Stradling, R. W. Viehe, and S. D. Weldy. Pledges from the junior class are E. L. Blakslee, B. W. Gibson, R. E. Hawker, J. E. Klinker, W. A. Knapp, R. A. Luthi, W. G. Meese, H. E. Milligan, J. A. Powell, L. Stallwood, L. V. Teeter, A. B. Van Scoter, S. E. Werngren, and S. H. Wheeler. Paul Barker Plays For Opening PIA Dance Friday Night Paul Barker and his 12-piece orchestra will play from 9 until 12 Friday evening in the Union ballroom for Purdue Independent Association’s opening dance of the year. The dance is to be informal with both passports and membership cards required for entrance. Memberships will be available at the door. Credentials may be presented by either member of the couple. The backdrop is to be black with B replica of the PIA recognition pin displayed on it. Chaperones for the evening will be Dr. and Mrs. E. C. Ellitee, and Gordon Ohlvey, a representative of the state auditing office. Plan PIA Parly For Unorganized Co-eds Plans for a “Dessert-Bingo” party to be held at 8 p. m. Thursday in the reception room of the Union / have been completed, according to Jayne Myer, chairman for the affair. The party is open to all freshmen co-eds not going through rush, and is being given to introduce the firstyear women to PIA and the opportunities open to them. A door prize of a free PIA membership will be given to one of those in attendance. Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant dean of women, is expected to attend. The committee in charge is Jayne Myer, chairman; Allison Lilly, Mary Glynn Yeager, and Warene Hoover. Theta Tau . . . professional engineering society announces the pledging of the following: R. W. Flickinger, Fort Wayne; R. J. Winner, Fort Wayne; R. E. Stellabower, Columbus; F. J. Rogers, Stow, O.; D. M. Benney, Cold Spring Harbor, N. Y.
fWDWsTo Committee Of 100 Discusses Plans Season Tomorrow For Religious Emphasis Week
Tomorrow brings sorority rush to an end witK formal preference dinners. Tonight ends the last of the rush dinners. The sororities have chosen various themes for their preference dinners. The Chi Omega tables will be decorated with yellow' ''chrysanthemums in wine colored bowls. Between courses a soloist will sing to each guest and present her with a gift. Kappa Alpha Theta is giving a white dinner. Phi Mu’s dinner will be held in southern tradition with rose and white fiowers or carnations. A yacht club party theme is being used by Pedalion, while Thaeles will dine by candle-light and present a gift to each guest. Kappa Kappa Gamma will give a rose dinner using roses, as the decoration theme. Nineteenth Annual Horticulture Show Date Set For Nov. 10 Beginning on Friday, November 10, and lasting for three days, the 19th annual horticulture show will be held in the Horticultural building on the campus. This show is organized and managed entirely by the students at Purdue and has become one of the outstanding exhibitions of its kind. Fruit and vegetable identification and judging contest will be held on Saturday morning, November 11, the second day of the show. The contest is open to all high school, vocational and 4-H Club students who have not been members of winning teams in previous years. Commercial growers, amateurs and Purdue students will compete for the many prizes offered by the management of the show in exhibiting plate and tray samples of fruits, vegetables, and nuts; and for vase and centerpiece arrangement of fiowers. A copy of the 40-page catalogue may be obtained by sending a request to the manager, Purdue Horticulture Show, Horticulture ijuilding, Purdue University. R.E. Woodruff . . . ’05, has been nominated by the Erie Railroad’s board of directors as their choice for president, it was learned from reliable sources recently. Since Erie is in reorganization, selection of Woodruff would require approval of a Federal court and the Interstate Commerce Commission. Such approval, however, is regarded as customary. Woodruff, who was 66 years old last month, has been operating vicepresident for the last 10 years. His entire service has been with the Erie, where he began work immediately after graduation from Purdue in 1906.
Dr. Graham Speaks To 400 Ag Leaders At Annual Dinner . “An evolution can take place only where there is a medium to evolve,” said Dr. A. B. Graham, formerly with the United States Department of Agriculture, last night as he spoke to approximately 400 extension staff members and their friends at the 26th anniversary dinner of the Agricultural Extension Department in the ballroom of the Union. The subject of Dr. Graham’s speech was “Agricultural Extension — An Evolution.” Prof. T. A. Coleman, associate director of extension, served as toastmaster for the evening. Immediately following dinner the Purdue Glee Club under the leadership of A. P. Stewart, University music director, sang a group of appropriate songs. Silver Anniversary Extension workers present for the silver anniversary included Mrs. Mable R. H^lan, Prof. T. A. Coleman, Prof. Leila R. Gaddis, Prof. Z. M. Smith, M. O. Pence, and J. Swab. Today there are 269 members of the extension staff of the University. Speakers Celebreties introduced during the course of the evening included Dean M. L. Fisher, Dean Emeritus J. H. Skinner, Dean H. J. Reed, and T. R. Johnston. Today’s program opens at 8:30 a. m. with group singing led by A. P. Stewart, and at 8:46 a forum discussion on “Land Used as It Affects Rural People.” At 1:45 this afternoon the group will again convene to hear M. C. Wilson, in charge of surveys and reports. United States Department of Agriculture, speak on “Extension Program Planning.” This evening at 6 the home demonstration agents will hold their dinner in the Union building. SDK Elects Houston Vice-President K. C. Houston, CE ’40, was elected vice-president of Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, at a meeting in the Union last night. Houston replaces Gordon Tafel, who did not return to school this fall. Returning officers are Don Terrio, president; William Harris, secretary; and Robert Deckard, treasurer. Proposed plans and bands for the Riveter’s Rassle on December 8 were disucssed, and a report on the national convention held this summer in California was given by the president.
Eds Will Play As Co-eds Pay, Some Fun, Eh! At Annual Gold Diggers Ball Friday, October 13
By Maeta Kaplan On Friday night, October 13, the Union ballroom will be the scene of the annual Gold Diggers’ dance. Gold Diggers gives the eds a chance to know how it feels to be on the receiving instead of the paying end of a date. For this one night, the co-eds pay and pay and pay. Corsages Informal Dress this year is semi-formal, long dresses for the girls and dark suits for the fellows. The co-eds are expected to send their dates corsages. In previous years much originality has been shown in making up of corsages. Assorted vegetables, lolly-pops, marshmallow and onions for people with colds or those who want to be alone have been used. Almost anything can be used, and hair corsages are not out of the ordinary. Girls are to call for their dates.
The most popular bachelor will be chosen by popular vote and crowned. There will also be prizes for the two runners-up. Tickets Limited Tickets/are to be limited this year so get your dates early. Tickets are being sold at all sorority* houses, WRH, Union lobby desk, and all co-op houses. Price for a ticket is one dollar. In previous years, loud speakers carried the music from the ballroom to the cafeteria, and dancing was permitted there. This year, however, dancing will be limited to the ballroom. Jimmy Green will furnish the swingcopation in Artie Shaw style. The back drop will consist of a combination of the money theme and superstitions.
Faculty-Student Committee Furthers Plans For Religious Week At Tecumseh Meeting Additional plans for the University’s Religious Emphasis Week scheduled to be held November 11 to 17 were discussed Saturday as more than two-thirds of the faculty-student “Committee of 100” met at Camp Tecumseh in a layman’s retreat. Robert Giffen, campus secretary 1 1
WBAA Broadcasts Father Flanagan's Talk Tonight At 8 Through special permission of the Federal Communications Commission WBAA will go on the air at 8 o’clock tonight to broadcast a s'peech by Father Flanagan. It was through the efforts of Father Flanagan that a “Boys Town” was realized. The small village which he organized is entirely under the supervision of boys under 21 years of age. Recently the town was the scene and theme of a movie star-
ring Spencer Tracy.
This banquet is the high point in the 50th anniversary celebration of. the Lafayette YMCA. Father Flanagan is to arrive here late tomorrow afternoon by plane and while in Lafayette will remain with Father Barnibus of St. Boniface Church. The broadcast will originate from the ballroom of the Union, and was made possible through the cooperation of Gilbert D. Williams, program director of WBAA, and F. B. Timberlake, chairman of the YMCA celebration. Banquet tickets cost
one dollar.
AIEE Will Hold Smoker Friday At 7:30 Friday evening in room 264 of the EE building AIEE will hold an informal smoker. Engineering students of aU schools are invited to come and acquaint themselves with the activities of AIEE. Dr. Harding, head of the EE school, wil introduce members of the staff who will speak briefiy on student-instructor relations. The idea of the meeting, in addition to showing all what the AIEE does, is to do away with student-instruc-tor relations in favor of a man to
man basis.
Other business to be conducted will include the announcement of eligibility for AIEE, reports on the convention in Minneapolis, and an announcement of the program for the coming year. After the business has been conducted the “smoker” begins. Cider, doughnuts, cigars, and cigarettes will be served. Ruffing To Tangle With P. Derringer In Series Opener Red Ruffing, Yankee ace right hander, will pitch against Paul Derringer, Red workhorse, as the 1939 World Series gets under way in Yankee Stadium tomorrow. Although Big Red’s arm has been sore since September 17, he announcedi after a 10-minute workout yesterday that he is in condition to open against the National League pennant winners. Bill McKechnie ha« nta/iA changes in his plan of attack and still intends to give Derringer the dubious honor of being the first Red pitcher to display his prowess before the merciless bats of the pow-er-infested Yanks. Should Derringer weaken Lee Grissom .will be rushed into the fray. Both teams held short warm-up sesrions on the Yankee diamond which has been wet and soggy for the past two days.
for the University Christian Mission committee of the Federal Council of Churches of America, attended the meeting and described the religious emphasis weeks held at various universities the last two years. He told what had been accomplished and made various proposals for the week to be conducted here. Professor “Pop” Doan, cochairman of the committee in charge of the week’s program, pre-
sided.
Week Set Aside
One week, called “Religious Emphasis Week,” has been set aside out of each school year for the past severaLyears to give students and faculty members time to dwell upon religion and religious subjects. It was to plan for this that the “Committee of 100” was estab-
lished last May.
The committee, composed of campus leaders, faculty members, and anyone wanting to work on plans for the conclave, is not a closed organization hut open to anyone interested. The local ‘Committee of 100” co-operates with the national committee of University Christian Missions in presenting this week for students and faculty.
Chairmen Report
The following committee chairmen reported on progress of the plans: spiritual preparation. Rev. J. B. Gleason; finance. Professor O. F .Hall; program. Dr. G. E. Graves; personal conferences, Everett Hobbs, senior student; halls and meeting places. Dean M. L. Fisher; continuation. Dr. M. S. Webster; publicity, G. W. Sample; class room possibilities, Dean R. G. Dukes; hospitality, C. E. Dammon; faculty participation, Professor Fi-ank Hall; fraternity aid, W. B. Harris, who is also co-chairman of the gen-
eral committee.
The week’s program will bring to the campus several prominent leaders in religious, educational, and business life of the state and nation with each one speaking on subjects of a religious nature. Several dozen meetings will be held during the
week. *
Another retreat is scheduled for November 11, the opening day of emphasis week. Two or three weeks after the meetings another retreat will be held to evaluate what went on during emphasis week.
Gimlet
. . . senior athletic booster honorary, formally pledged 17 selected seniors and juniors and two faculty members at a meeting held under Heavilion Hall Tower at 7:16 last
night.
The two faculty members who were formally pledged were Lon Mann, varsity trainer, and E. H. Burnham, freshman coach. Marionette Club Issues Call For Stage Workers Resuming work on the production “Treasure Island,” the Marionette Club will hold a meeting in the Tower room of the Union tomorrow night at 7:16 o’clock. Everyone who is interested in working with the club should be present at this meeting, according to Warren Archibald who is in charge. Workers needed are stagehands, carpenters, dressmakers, pi\ppeteers, and the voice cast. The latter will include 20 men and one girl. In charge of the club this year is Warren Archibald; Sue Enders is in charge of costumes, and Joe Martin will direct the voice cast..#■
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday. October 4, 1939
Walk, Engineer, Walk Walking is good exercise, and an outdoor hike may prove a most enjoyable way of spending an afternoon one of these brisk fall days. But walking out of your way between classes, especially when you’re in a hurry, is something else again. Between the Mechanical Engineering building and the new Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering building is a grassy mall extending out to Northwestern Avenue, flanked on both sides by driveways. The department of physical education for women has , used this areas as their archery practice field for some time. This 5^ear, with the construction of the new Chemical Engineering building, students started to walk across the lawn to and from the new building and the Mechanical Engineering building. This practice was stopped when two special policemen were employed especially to stop students from walking across the grass. . The students can’t walk across but must walk around. The University is paying money for men who could perhaps be used to better avail at some other location: The whole problem could be solved by construction of a Walk across the mall. A walk could be laid out from the allej^ between the Mechanical and Electrical buildings almost directly across the parkway without tearing out any shrubbery. The archery targets could easily be moved so there would be plenty of room to shoot without doing it across the sidewalk, the girls" standing with their backs to , the walk. If objections to a bright sidewalk should be voiced, a blacktop could easily be put across which would not at all impair the beauty of the surrounding landscape. The walk could be laid by the WPA, and included as a part of the regular University improvement program. University officials would save money on special policemen and render a service to the student body by authorizing the sidewalk’s construction. '
Buf
By Vladimir At first we thought we would be critical of a vacuum tube exhibit that we found on the third floor of the Electrical Engineering building. We didn’t like the way they spelled “exhibition.” “Exihibition” they had. ' ' . ■ ■ ■ ■ ^ sis ^ Until we saw the names of the fellows who were responsible, we intended to ^make much ado about it. We guess that Ying Chu He-Shee and Yoeh Ming Wang did pretty well after all. English is a tough language. ^ Hs * * Nevertheless, that misspelled word is going to bother us for some time. It’s so damn permanent. « * I’D GIVE MY RIGHT ARM TO HAVE SAID THAT DEPARTMENT. It happened just inside the door to the Chi O house. In walked our informant, and without any warning he met a good friend of his . . . Ghi-O-ing. “What are you doing here?” asked our informant. “Just came to be fitted for a larger bowl,”'replied the friend with a flip of his fins. >i« Jk In general. we are getting hardened to strange sights, but when, on Monday morning as we rushed for our- eight o’clock, we saw a student sleeping soundly in his seat (second floor University Hall) we were definitely thrown olf guard. Perhaps he was left over from Saturday’s 11 o’clock. ■ is * * _ At any rate, we hope the eight o’clock bell woke him in time for class. . }{s ■, >{i As we have received neither puddles nor ten dollar bills in our morning mail yet, we are going to give the whole thing up. If you must send any^o, mail the puddles to Petrov and Romanoff. 1 :ii * * They can put them all together and go jump in them. We will still take care of the ten dollar bills, however.
dUm, ojuL disk. By Georgann Schilling
Joe joints and other hangouts look a bit unpopulated these afternoons for a number of the co-eds are either engaged in, or getting ready to engage in, the rush game. After Thursday business should pick up again. Until then —just drink alone and like it. H&H Short dresses will be the order of the evening at PIA’s fall dance Friday. Paul Barker and his band from Indianapolis will furnish the rhythm for this first closed dance of the season. Barker has been very popular here on the campus where he has appeared many times. It should be a gala evening for the independent students and their' dates. H&H Also this week-end Will be the first of the crop of pledge dances. The Lambda Chis will lead off Saturday night with another of their famed swing and sway affairs at the chapter house. The Phi Kaps will also dance in honor of their pledges Saturday evening. The following Saturday night, the 14th, is the date set for the SPE and SAE fall pledge party. Yes, things are beginning to happen. Allah, allah. H&H Most of the students who journeyed to the Notre Dame game came back to our fair city to howl (or whatever it is that people do when they lose a football game). And speaking of team loyalty, we hear that 37 of the Phi Kappas went to South Bend to see their fraternity brothers, Galvin and Mackiewicz, in action against the Irish. That’s not a bad following. H&H Have you noticed the Gold Pepper hats which have made their appearance on campus ? These gold skull caps, fashioned of the same material as the Gimlet hats, are decorated with emblems of peppers outlined in black felt. People are really going to be dressed up around here what with Mortar Board jackets; Gimlet, Reamer, Gold Pepper, and Skull and Crescent hats; freshman pots; fi-eshman hair bows for coeds, and whatever garb is chosen by the senior women to year. Of course there are always the traditional moustaches, canes, and derbies of the first home game. It sounds like playing dress-up will be the business of the year. Follow Your “EXPONENT OF THE AIR” WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:16
£Jth£k£dit&By Hank Miller Fred Allen, villian voiced, sour pussed, comedian of the ether, will return to the air tonight over "WMAQ at 8 and bring with him as his first guest a well-known rival for the title of “Sourpuss,” Ned Sparks. If the microphone can stand the strain of facing the two of them, Fred will ask Fred Allen Ned how it feels to be the first guest star on a new program and also how it feels to look at himself in the mirror. Allen has also written a special sketch for the Mighty Allen Art Players and will star his visitor in the roll of a villian. Complete cast for the show includes 'Wynn Murray, the Merry Macs, Portland Hoifa, Peter Van Steeden and his orchestra, and Harry Von Zell.
A bit of local news now shows that WBAA will broadcast the talk of Father Flanagan at the celebration banquet of the YMCA tonight at 8. The program will originate in the ballroom of the Union building.
Purdue Exponent R. E. Insley......... ..Editor-in-Chief W. E. Smith ....Business Managrer D. G. Terrio.... Editorial Director G. W. Frederick. Managring; Editor E. M. Antonin! Senior Advertisinff Manager G. Schilling Co-ed Editor R. Jenkins ..; .....Sports Edtior Phones: Editorial, 4005; Easiness, 5038; Sports, 2792 Published daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1108, Act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. ■ Delivered by carrier, $8 per academic year; by mail, $8.60. Business office located at 812 N. Fifth Street; editorial office. Union Building; sports office. Field House. National Advertising Representatives! National Advertising Service, Inc.. 420 Madison Avenue, New York; ,N. Y. Member Associated Collegiate Presk This newspaper is written, edit^, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director. Night Editor ". ..DeHoog Issue Editor .....Mueller Junior Co-ed Editor ..Mary Burtsfield
-LAST TIMES TODAY—
MTBNm TTBONg OEOBai LOYPOWERBREWT TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
"$1000 A TOUCHDOWN'
NOW SHOWING feat's top beart" MldraiBal^
with CHARLES COBURN >HELEN VINSON KATHARINE ALEXANDER JONATHAN HALE • MAURICE MOSCOVICH
ARC
LAST DAY
-AND-
PACKSR*
‘ MOfoanmn phtubb ^AISO — 'FLYING G-MEN/' SERIAL
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Here is an addition to the short, short story in yesterday’s column: In spite of all the SEE’s hanging around MARGE THOMAS, her bid to the Gold Diggers’ dance goes to soph BILL READE, who is also from the East. Somebody is getting the run-around. • B & B A short but sweet contrib received last night: We would like to know if the short, short story published in yesterday’s Exponent in your column is the SPE’s idea of a practical joke! Someone ought to apologize, preferably Sucker No. 3, namely, JIM NORTON. —SPE Boycotters. B & B What do you say to that, Jim? B & B What Is Love? Love is what makes the world go around. When the world goes around, it is a revolution ... revolution is war, and war is terrible. Therefore love is-terrible. —Hayseed. B & B Dear Hayseed: I cannot ask Mary Beard what all those foreign looking words mean because I would first like to know what they mean myself . . . you can’t tell ... Lovingly, B & B Editor B & B Our sympathy goes to Don Heath, senior chemical, who attempted to shave himself, and due to his dazed condition at the time, neatly removed his carefully nursed threeweek mustache. Try again, Don. B & B Tid-bit You gave me the key to your heart, my sweet. So why must I always knock? That was yesterday, you see, Last night I changed the lock. —Ole’43.
Copr. 1939 by tiutM Future Sytt^eate, Ino. Tm. Bef. U. S. PaL Off,—AM righU reserved
ypLM-
“You better try a more conservative model, Junior—^remember, your father has to wear it when you’ve outgrown it!”
threatened by the forces of nature ? Perhaps, you wondered, as you left the theater, how Louis Bromfield succeeded in painting in words the great disaster and the tense, loaded atmosphere that prevailed in Ranchipur during the last days of the dry season. Perhaps, you have been trying to locate the book without success. But have you tried the Browsing Room yet ? Simply ask the librarian there for the novel—and spend an exciting evening in far-away India. The story concerns a group of people in the state of Ranchipur, their nerves in a state of unendurable tension, waiting in the terrible
heat for the rains to come. There is the cynical and disillusioned Tom Ransome who, sick of European complications, has to drink his life away in Ranchipur; Lady Esketh, his wife, who has a good English background yet is a loose woman in morals; Fern Simon, pretty, immature daughter of the resident missionaries. Then there is the Maharaja, a good and simple man, and his wife, the fierce and proud old Maharani, a strange mixture of European sophistication and primitive savagery. A number of varied and mixed personalities are convincingly portrayed in Bromfield’s best novel.
THt BmSER
By G. Van Biema Have you seen “The Rains Came” yet, the exciting picture dealing with the fate of a whole nation
LU^ — LAST DAY — VICTOR McLAGLEN — IN — "EX-CHAMP" —ALSO — "THE JONES FAMILY IN HOLLYWOOD"
THURS. - FRI. - SAT. JOHNNY MACK BROWN — IN — 'DESPERATE TRAILS" —ALSO — FRED STONE GLORIA DICKSON — IN — "NO PLACE TO GO"
MARS —LAST TIMES TODAY-
TOMORROW-FRIDAY ^Dynamite Drama!. EDW. G. ROBINSOH’ BLACKMAIL Bobs vith Ruth WATSON • HUSSEY
of^ma
I
eaance
The formal season will soon be here. To start it with glamour and appeal, come in and let us introduce you to our latest line of formal dresses. To make the picture complite, we can show you all the accessories — PURSES HOSE SANDALS LINGERIE EVENIbCG WRAPS You'll love the grand variety of style to choose from."T " '' ■';■
! !r 1 J I.V'-'ri ? S'fj.. .'
r > ■- Ti . 5:. . . '■''.»< ' ' ' , !,
Wednesday^ 0<^ol»er 4. 1939
£xpomjnL fiiUjSL
Boilermaker Gridderis Prepare For Big Ten Opener With Golden Gophers still taking it easy after Saturday’s battle, the Boilermaker gridmen yesterday sped through a light drill in preparation for the Riveter’s conference opener with Minnesota’s Golden Gophers at Minneapolis a week from Saturday. Work On i^Tew Plays —— —
^iot^ch'A. QhoksL By Robert J. Deckard
Devoting most of the time to perfecting new plays to he sprung against the Gophers, Coach Mai ElWard reeled his charges through a series of ball-handling and play-ejt-. ecuting drills. Excusing most of the regulars from actual contact, Elward worked on his reserve strength for Minnesota game by sending them through a long afternoon of blocking and tackling scrimmage. Considerable attention was devoted to improving the protection of the Boilermaker passers. Woefully lacking in the Notre Dame gamd, in which the Riveter tossers were either forced to get rid of the ball in a hurry or were thrown for sizeable losses, Elward hopes to bring the Purdue aerial attack into an offensive condition by a week from Saturday. Cripples To Be Ready With two weeks in which to prepare for the Gopher encounter. Elward is hopeful of having his backfield strength available for the first time ip the Big Ten opener. Jack Brown, who left the game Saturday midway in-the third quarter with a broken nose and a pulled muscle in his side, is apparently well on the way to recovery although he will be unable to imrticipate in drills until next week, Lou Brock, who has been troubled with a bad ankle, gave no indication that his injured joint had been aggravated during his short appearance in the Notre Dame encounter. Follow Your “EXPONENT OF THE AIR” WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
Rooting Sedions Need Leather lungs To Follow Cheer Leader Dunshee By Katzenberg Boilermaker rooting sections this year will really have a chance to show their cheering power under the direction of leather - lunged jumping-jack. Bill Dunshee. ^ Upperclassmen Bennie Bums, Johnnie Zuck, Bill Delmer, and Bill Alexander will assist in leading the Boilermaker cheering sections while class of ’42 4s well represented on the squad by sophomores Johnnie Goll, Dick De Garmo, and Louis Campbell. The guy that gets all of the grief and none of the glory (?), otherwise known as the manager, is Joe Hechman. The co-ed population is once more going to be represented on the yell leading staff. Kay Weber, sophomore transfer student, fresh from the N.U. campus, has* been chosen to lend a little “atmosphere” to the gridiron and basketball floor, and from all appearances quite a little atmosphere will be lent. Kay is a brunette who stands about five feet three inches, has a swell personality, and has had previous experience as a yell leader before coming to the Boilermaker campus. ; Twelve special students have been selected to take every course' offered at Oglethorpe University. It will take each one six years to complete fbe task.
OPEN LETTER
to
FRESHMAN MEN
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE IS INVALUABLE
.... therefore, what could be more fitting than combining this asset with your college training! While handling the advertising campaigns for Lafayette and West Lafayette merchants, you’ll be learning much about business organization and management of these concerns and many others. To top all this off, you will gain in the estimation of your friends, you’re “in the know’’ when it comes to campus activities, you’ll make scores of new friends, and finally there’s that alluring goal of a senior position. In short, you get the advantages of a top-notch activity combined with valuable experience in salesmanship and advertising, plus many contacts useful after graduation. ^ So ’nuf sed . .. come on around to 312 North Fifth, you frosh, and we’ll tell you the rest in person.
the Purdue Exponent 312 North Fifth Street
Varsity To Tackle Freshmen Saturday
Bulwark
Ole King Football Takes A Back Seat Ole King Football will be thrown for a 10-yard loss in all comers of the sporti^/.Vorld today when Jack Basa|all lifts his mighty anatomy l|opa the mud and mire of a seabn just passed and takes a strangle hold on some 50 million redblooded American baseball bugs! —^fc— Why ? Because today the riproaring New York Yankees and the pepper-pot Cincinnati Reds fit their sails to new winds and barrel into the first game of the 1939 World Series at New York City. —^fc— Pre-game bets show that the Gothamites are favored to garfner the classic by three bucks to one, but, considering the potfentialities that both clubs possess, even an atomic nitwit is dubious concerning the final outcome of the series standings in games. •—^fc— Offensively, the Yanks are tops, because of five regulars who clout the sphere somewhere in the .300 column, while the Reds have only a brace of .300’ers. Nevertheless, there is plenty of power in the Rhinelanders’ lineup, any number of the Reds capable of doing duty in fence-rattling. —^fc— Defensively, the contingents are about matched. Bill McKecbnie’s hired hands have played steady ball, except in several torrid spots last season, but the Yanks have had their days of -miscues, too. —^fc— The pitching seems to be the big
LEARN TO DANCE BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS WED., OCT. 4, 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS THURS., OCT. 5,7:00 P. M. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th and Ferry
First Year Men Learn Minnesota Plays For Annual Football Clash In Ross-Ade Stadium Playing thd role of Bierman, famous mentor of the mighty Minnesota Gophers, this week is head freshman coach Elmer Burnham, who is drilling the Boilermaker first year men in the fine points of the Gopher plays which proved so bewildering in the taming of the Arizona Wildcats last Saturday to the tune
of 62 to 0.
I III Coach Burnham’s proteges are
working extensively this week in preparation for the FreshmanVarsity tussle to be held this coming Saturday afternoon in RossAde Stadium. Three yearling teams are learning the Minnesota plays, which they will use in Saturday’s fracas with the veteran Riveters.
... of the Boilermaker’s" defense against Notre Dame Saturday, was veteran fullback Leon DeWitte. The stocky back is expected to plug many a hole in the Riveter line as well as cause the opposition plenty of trouble with his ball-toting ability.
question of the series. Can Ruffing come through after being hospitalized for a week? Can Walters continue to hold up after practically burning his arm out in order to aid the-Reds to win the senior circuit crown? Can Junior Thompson stand the strain of facing the most powerful hitters that were ever negotiated on a ball team? Oh, any number of interrogations might pop up. —^fc— Here’s the way we look at the outcome of the series. (An atomic nitwit, you know.) If the series only goes four games, the Yanks are champs again; six games, it’s the Reds; seven games^ the Yanks. The Yanks are quick and fast hitters. They go at it like lightning, and, if they do, it’s only a quartet of games this year. The Reds are “play-around” players. Strategy is their stuff. In six games Sage McKechnie can pull his tricks. In the long way to the cr’owil, the Yanks will win, because of endurance, stamina, and will. Cross Country Team To Meet Pitt Distance Men On October 14 Riveter cross country men are working out these days in preparation for their first meet of the season October 14 at Pittsburgh. Last year the Panthers severely trounced the Boilermakers on the new Purdue cross country covffse. Needless to say, Coach Phillips’ men are preparing to bring back a victory from the Smoky City to revenge last year’s defeat.
New Swimming Coach Puts Squad Through
Drills In Fieidhouse
starting early in a drive to put this year’s Boilermaker swimming team into winning stride. Coach Dick Papenguth is conducting extensive drills these days in the big Fieidhouse pool. With a team made up of veterans! and several promising prospects from last year’s freshman team, there seems to be
a good chance of success.
Squad Training
Captain “Johnny” Graham, Claude Siler and Moller are back working on distance events. Veteran dashmen Maude and McRedy are back on the job with Briggs and Farhner getting in shape on the diving board. In distance work Anderson, Branner and Kusco, all sophomores, appear outstanding. Kratzer, Smith and Her^ have been working on the dashes while Thomsis and Krick are working on the backstroke. Kratzer, a sophomore from Buffalo, has shown exceptional style and should show up well in Big Ten competition. Breaststrokers showing up well are McCammon, Tingley and Frank.
lU Meet Scheduled
At the present time lots of distance swimming is being done for conditioning. A tentative meet is scheduled with Indiana and plans are being made to attend the State Intercollegiate, Big Ten, and National contests. On February 2, the Boilermakers will help Michigan State dedicate its new pool.
I TbtioA. By Mary Burtsfield WAA will sponsor an archery tournament which will be held on Friday, October 13. All those who are interested should sign up on the intramural bulletin board in the Women’s Gym or with Art Gray, instructor at the archery range which is on the University golf course. A trophy will be given to the winner and medals to those winning second and third places. ■“Waa— The tennis tournament finals will be-played as soon as the preliminary .rounds have been played this week. Girls who have not played off their matches are urged to do so at once. —waa— A second call-out for freshman field hockey players for the Residence Halls team has been made. A girl does not have to be a member of WAA to play on the team and all freshman girls from the Halls are asked to play. The hockey games are being played this week.
Add Defensive Strength This system of allowing a fresh-** man team, using the plays of the next on the Riveter’s schedule, to meet the varsity gridders during the week preceeding the game, proved its merits last season by virtue of the added defensive strength gained by the Boilermakers in being able to better anticipate the actions of the opposing team. Blessed with the best freshman material entering Purdue for the past several years, the seven members of the coaching staff direct the play of nearly one hundred rhinies each afternoon. Fighting hard for the dubious honor of facing mighty August Morningstar, stellar varsity center, are freshmen Van Aiken, Ruggerie, and Ehrilich. Tackle Competition Competing for the tackle positions in Saturday’s game are Hill, Powers, and O’Brien. Norm Hill was a member of the strong West Side contingent, who finished the season last year with an unbroken string of victories. Vecs and Welz seem destined to start in the guard posts, while Mc- / Caffery and Schimer are the leading candidates for the end positions. Fast Backs The 1939 edition of the freshman squad is well supplied with fast charging hacks. Battling for . the half^ back posts are frosh Fijala, Carey, and Berta. Snyder and Buffington are the leading fullbacks at the present time. Signal calling duties will probably he assigned to Smirky for the better part of the game. “Our offensive play will probably not be as evident as our defensive -games,” said Coach Burnham, while discussing the chances of the freshman team in the game with the highly touted varsity. /-M Schedules r ** - ^ ALL CAMPUS 6oLP ^ —^To4ay— Spangler vs. Winner Knipp vs. Shead. Imhoff vs. Winner Curran vs. Bichardson. King vs. Sarginson. ® Jones vs. Laddon. . Green vs. Drever. Weldy vs. Gipe. ' Doherty vs. Zabn. Jackson vs. Welter or Ackerly. Weglinski vs. CarroU or Berlik. Coombs vs. Wells. Clevett vs. Lodge. Orlowski vs. Berg or Arts. Busbong vs. Dwyer. , Stewart vs. Dwyer or Kadoto. Himes vs. Hnfield or Larst. Boynton vs. E. C. Stroup. Fisher vs. Halloway. M. Ross vs. Woods or Shelburne.
University of Wyoming students last year spent $64,500 in member-., ship dues in student organizations; $23,373.76 was for national dues, pins and initiation fees. A special course in the Russian language and literature has been added to the Cornell University curriculum. The University of Illinois is constructing new campus buildings at a cost of $3,400,000.
TENNIS —Today—4 ;I5— Buenting vs. Stettner. . Richards vs. Conners or Disher. Mangold ys. W. J. Miller. L. Osborne vs. R. Kirkpatrick.
SOFTBALL —TodayDiamond 1— HI vs. H3. 2— A1 vs. A3. 3— B1 vs. B3. 4— Cl vs. C3. 6—Dl vs. D3. 6— El vs. E3. 7— FI vs. F3. 8— SI vs. S3. 9— H2 vs. H4. V 11— B2 vs. B4. 12— C2 vs. C4. 13— D2 vs. D4. 14— E2 vs. E4. Ig—F2 vs. F4. 16— S2 vs. S4. 17— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Pst 18— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Tau Epsilon Pht
Regular Monthly Cleaning
Means two-way economy! It adds life to ydnr clothes and Prestige to your appearance. Phone us NOW for Pick-Up.
*^Un()Vy 3085 American Laundry
132 Vine St./ /
‘4.
SiudsmL OjdtwjUtisLL. By Jerry Mueller To the tune of that popular piece, **What’s New,” we wander over the campus to find out just exactly what is new these days. Co-ed rush is going strong with the organized male Greeks doing their share of work. The Music Hall is going up, oh so slowly, with each brick another milestone in the lifeline of our campus music lovers. Cary Hallers are hoping that before long the place they have picked to live will be livable. WBAA is back in tune (from 11 to 5) with Hank Miller and friends doing an excellent job of keeping the campus posted on the doings of the day. Campus Varieties, the music from the little black disk program, is proving to be one of its most popular programs- again this year. Irvan Maury, Bill Martin, Chuck Coe, and Harry McCrady are all showing improvement in technique this year. They are billed for a number of engagements which range from mixers to the ultra in winter formals sponsored by Greeks and various other campus groups. Exponent, Independent, Debris, Union, and other groups have issued calls for sophomore workers and the activities kiddies are priming themselves for the all-impor-tant junior and senior jobs. Ye Olde Sweet Shoppe is tr3dng a new wrinkle with afternoon tea dances in their emporium. We hope they make it regular so the “joes” can schedule their classes accordingly. They also have another top notch attraction these days—^waitresses. In spite of their defeat at the hands of the Notre Dames, the football team is definitely looking up
Wood's Talk To Cover Stamp Color Control Hubert Wood will speak on the topic of “Color Control” tonight at the regular weekly meeting of the Lafayette Philatelic Society at 7:30 in room C of the Union. Wood’s talk will deal with the printing of postage stamps by the Bureau of Printing and Engraving at Washington, D. C., and how the color of stamps is kept the same for several printings and what happens when stamps are printed in different shades. » All University students who are stamp collectors are invited by the society to attend the meeting. After the^^regular meeting, collectors will get together to buy, sell, and trade their duplicate stamps.
Use EXPONENT Classified Ads
MISCELLANEOUS WANTED—^Eeduced rates on room and board; 'male student to Are furnace. Phone 3210.
NEW HOT NUMBERS
By Glenn Miller
BLUEBIRD RECORDS 35e —3 for $1.00
• B10416 In the Mood I Want to Be Happy • B10404 My Prayer Blue Moonlight • B10388 Glen Island Special Twilight Interiude • B10372 Blue Orchids Baby Me • B10288 Little Brown ]ug Pavanne
The Foster Shop Authorized Deaiers RCA - VICTROLAS - VICTOR RECORDS East Side Square
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Jewelers
• School Supplies
Hays jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Dairy Products
• Hardware
M. E. MOREHOUSE DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 462M
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE
321 State St Phone 4354
• Dine
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday* October 4, 1939
and when All-American time comes around no picker can overlook the local boys and have a clear conscience. Basketball and bhseball, too, are very promising and probably the number of defeats suffered by this trio of sports will be counted on one hand with a few fingers missing. That old cry about 96 per cent of the college girls being beautiful and the other five per cent going to Purdue seems to be fading and no wonder. Just take a look around you and you’ll see the reason. For a closer inspection try looking over the lot that are being rushed these days. Looks like a cheerful little earful and a lovely little eyeful. Even the faculty has pulled a quickie to the amazement and delight of every student. For when Thanksgiving rolls around we’ll all be able to enjoy that home cooked turkey with folks and meet the rest of our friends who have come home from other institutions.
Classified Ads
ROOMS FOR RENT ROOM for boys in new home. Tiled shower, gas heat. Private entrance. Phone 2143. DOUBliE and single rooms $9 and $10. 623 Dodge Call after 7 o'clock. TWO newly decorated, nicely furnished students rooms, adjoining bath. 254 Lincoln St, West Lafayette, Ind. 71681. FOR SALE FOB SALE—$60 00. One four by five Grafiex camera, series B, sinkinizer, film magazine, packadapter, 4.B K.A. lens. Tanco Studio. 6433. TyPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased,, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershofl^, 605 Main Street. LOST AND FOUND LOST—Books and slide rule on Russell Field. Please call Teeter, 8223.
Another innovation which has long been earnestly desired by our friends and ourselves is the University golf course now being completed. This promises to be one of the popular spots and will add much to the beauty and attractiveness of our campus. Well, we moved around a bit and ending up in the Union we find the ballroom nearly completed and with its completion and subsequent enlargement being oggled by Prom committeemen and Prom goer^ alike. So just remember, friends, whenever you are blue, just look around, there’s always something new.
NOTICES
Scriveners: Important meeting in office at 7:30 Wednesday, October 4. —SPBINGGATE.
Alpha Phi Omega: All officers and committeemen of chapter please come to-short meeting in room F of the Union building Wednesday, October 4, at 7 p.^m. —McCAMMON.
Battery F4: Softball practice game Wednesday, October 5, at 4 p, m. on diamond 16. - —RIFENBURGH.
Military Ball Committee: Meeting Armory Thursday, October 6, at 4 p. i
—BUTTERFIELD.
in
Reamer Pledges: Short but important meeting Thursday, October 6, at 7:80 p. m. in the Union building. Watch this column for announcement of room. Bring 2Bc. —OLSON. Agricultural Education Society: Meeting and smoker Wednesday, October 4, at 7:80 p. m. in the Old Chestnut room of the Union. All students in the Agricultural Education Option are urged to attend. —BREWER.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday, October 4, at 4 p. m. in room A of the Union. —SICKMAN. Pi Tan Sigma: Important meeting Monday, October 9, reading room, MB building. All members are urged to attend for selection of pledges. —EILEBENG.
Sophomores: All those Interested in Student Senate work report to room A of the Union building Wednesday, October 4. Important. —ESTEY.
Tan Beta Pi: Chapter officers will meet with faculty advisers at 4:80 p. m. Friday, October 6, in room C of the Union. —CATTERALL.
Gold Peppers: Call for your hats at Southworth’s. (10-8) —MITCHELL, Varsity Water Polo: First meeting Thursday, October 6 at 4 p. m. —DICK.
^ Activities Bureau Interviewers: Please report to room B, Union building, at 4 p. m., Wednesday, October 4, for lists of freshman students to interview. —DARR.
Purdue Gymnastics Club: First Meeting Wednesday, October 4, at 7:80 p. m. in room 106 of the Fieldhouse. Election of president and manager will take place —IMHOFP.
Purdue Engineer: All my freshman and sophomore staff workers will report to the office in the Union at 4:15 Wednesday, October 4. —OTT.
PEW: All freshman and sophomore women who expect to obtain absence in physical education are required to attend a meeting on Monday, October 9, at 5 p. m. in the Women’s Gym —HAZELT. YWCA Cabinet Membera: Meeting of all YW cabinet members at 4'p. m. Wednesday, October 4, in the Women’s Lounge. —COOLEY. Camera Club; All members desiring to take action pictures at the varsity-freshman football game Saturday make arrangements for admittance to sidelines with Hedden at regular meeting Thursday, October 6, in the Chestnut room of the Union at 7:80 p. m. —HEDDEN.
WAA Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament: These people have not played first round playoff games. ’The games should be played immediately. They are: Jane Fishllegh and Gobeille vs. Marjorie Ward and Swing; also Louise Thomas and Duncheck vs. Eleanor Harrison and Bibbin. (10-7) —WALKER.
Freshman Swimmers: First meeting of the freshman swimming team Thursday, October 6, at 6 p. ra. —DICK. Senior and Junior Military Students: Sign payroll in Armory office immediately. Delay in signing means delay in receiving pay. (10-10) —ADJUTANT.
WAA Archery: Practices will be held on Monday and Thursday, October 2 and 6, evenings at 4 o’clock for all girls interested.
-MORE!
lOREHOUSE.
Girl’s Singles Tennis Tournament: These girls jjave not played first round playoff games. The games should be played immediately. They are: A. Specter vs. S. Emhoff; R Swift vs T. Decker; E. Kirkhoff vs. N. Cooper: M. White vs. V. Engenhright: and J. Morris vs. R. Poland. (10-7) —WALKER.
M. E. Students: Fees for memberships in the Purdue student branch of the ASME may be paid in the Mechanical Engineering office on the second floor of the M. E. building. (1015) —BRYAN.
Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting Thuve: day, October 4, at 4 p m. in room 184, E.E. building. —^KEBN.
Battery S2: Softball game at 4 p. m. Wednesday, October 4, on diamond 10. —MOLZAM.
Roger Williams Club: Cabinet meeting at 140 S Grant at 6 p. m. for supper Tuesday, October 10. —GLEASON.
Battery B3: Softball game Wednesday, October 4. Meet at Armory at 4 p. m. —SEALE.
Science Juniors and Seniors: Meeting Friday, October 4, at 4 p. m. in Coulter Hall, room 211. —ENDERS.
Scabbard and Blade: Meeting in Armory Wednesday, October 4, at 7 ;30 p. m. —OLSON.
Outing Club: Bicycle hike to Cary Camp Sunday, October 8. Meet at Carter’s Bicycle Shop at 12:80. Bring 20 cents for food. Special rates on bicycles. Call Jeanette Morris, 2430, by Friday evening, October 7, for reservations. ^ —HARRISON. Purdue Engineer: Meeting of entire freshman and sophomore editorial staffs in office at 7:15 Wednesday, October 4. —SQUIRES.
Fraternity Presidents Council: Dinner meeting Thursday, October 5, at 6 p. m. at the Pi Kappa Phi house. —CATTERALL. Exponent Workmt The following sophomores are to work as hereby assigned: lynn, Monday; Pickett, ’Fueeday; Lannon and Novey, Wedneeday; Mesger, Thursday; Oarpentw and BoUwinkeL Friday,; and PureeU, Saturday. (10-8) —FRED.
Ladf issrrow
A winsome young lady from Barrow Hated ties that were stringy and narrow, But she’d fall for the gents Who showed thrift and good sense And always wore neckwear by Arrow.
AHHOW TIES ARE SMART
SEE THIS WEEK’S POST
Cilcirn0U/v luake ootni
vmeA
..What does that child of
she thinks having a baby would
Ue -ld when Nan^
That’S wnay young Toby Steams, our girl, married bar ^-ooen when Toby woke up
what, they wondered, wodd h ^
realized the truth?
A STORY OF MARBIAOE TODAY IN THREE PARTS Back WithHer Mother hy ftGHES BURKE Hft
MSS!
Rtssilll!!!!!
"And we’ll keep on passing!” says coach “Dutch” Meyer, whose Texas Christian footballers were undefeated last season. He tells you what makes his
leather-snatchers click. See this week’s Post.
IF WAR COMES TO THE U. S. .. .what will our Navy do? Fletcher Pratt, outstanding naval authority, analyzes U. S. sea power and the naval strategy of the next war. Read Columbia, the Oem of the Ocean. HOW DUMB SHOULD A COP BE? Officer Moogers gives you one answer in Th/a Business Needs a Fool. Here’s another hilarious cop yam by Joel Sayre. FUNNY MAN BOB BENCHLEY. Plenty of laughs in tlus one by J. Bryan, III. See page 32. AND short stones by Ben Lucien Burtnan, Dorothy Thomas and Richard Howells WatkiUs; articles, fun and cartoons.
rmm pacifist
but...
imittisoiowui “And here are three good, reasons why,” says the author of this article, assistant to the president of the University of Chicago. If you’ve been wondenng what you will do if America is pulled into the war—read why this leftward
American says,
"/ Think ril Sit This One Out
Hi