f
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
WEIMflESDAY April 20, 193B Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 158
Kingsley, Myers To Staff Next Year L. D. Kingsley, Alpha Kappa Lainbda, was selected by an electoral board as editor of the 1938’39 Agriculturist. Marion Myers, Alpha Chi Rho, was chosen as managing editor. E. W. Swanson, unorganized, will head the business staff an<l W. C. Fish, also unorganized, will he in charge of circulation. Assistant editors will be K. E. Burbrink, Roger Finley and L. A. Lubbehusen. At the same meeting the departmental heads were chosen: L. ’W. Sears, ag education; D. F. Smith, horticulture; W. L. Lamb6rt, farm management; J. J. Denzler, ag chemistry; J. W. Stephenson, agronomy; Hale Herd, ag engineering; J. J. Favinger, entomology; H. H. Stonaker, animal husbandry; Dean Jones, poultry; R. J. Cooley, dairy; and Mary Wien, home economics. Carpenter Wins Playsbp's Model Airplane Contest Edward Carpenter, freshman engineer from East Orange, N. J., won first place in the model airplane contest sponsored by Playshop in connection with its production, “Ceiling Zero,” which opened last night in Eliza Fowler Hall. His prize winning model was a 15-inch reproduction of an army pursuit plane. Other winners in the division for University students were L. W. Archibald, second place, and Leroy Rubenstein, third place. Honorable mention was given to C. G. Bull, G. W. Brown, and H. R. Sha-
ma.
In the high school division, Charles Mull won first place and Everett Erb second place. The prize-winning models will be displayed in Decker’s show windows in Lafayette until Saturday. The model airplanes were judged by a committee headed by Paul Bergmann, freshman engineering student. Reamer Club Show Will Be April 25-27 Reamer Club Prexy M. M. Ross announced last night that the dates of the annual benefit show sponsored by the club have been changed from April 18-20 to April 26-27. The picture being featured at the New Main Theater during these three days is “Joy of Living,” featuring Irene Dunn and Douglas Fairbanks,
Jr.
Ticket sales began yesterday and are on sale at 25c each from any active or pledge of the club, and also at the Intramural office in the Fieldhouse. The proceeds will be used to further the activities of the minor campus sports, therefore the club members urge that all students desiring to purchase tickets do so through them as a commission is received only on those tickets sold outside the box office. Wesley Foundation Elects Wesley !^uhdation held its annual electiohs Sunday with the election of the following students: James Ludberg, president; Wm. McEachron, vice-president; Gordon Douglas, treasurer; Grace Russell, secretary, and Cornelia Caldwell, social chairman. Students elected to minor offices were Marie Byers, Jane Horne, Mary Agnes Kelsay, Robert Melser, Edwai'd Smith, Kay Fosbrink, and Frances Baker. The Foundation will hold its first hike of the season this Friday evening. Hikers will leave the Foundation at 5 p. m., going to Happy Hollow to enjoy a weiner roast. Games and singing will complete the evening and the group will return about 9 o’plock. A charge of 1,6c per person or 26c per couple will be assessed for the supper.
Head Agriiulturisf Senate Names Presidential Candidates
Darkness Delays Transformer Blows
Firs! Showing Of
'Ceiling Zero'Show “Ceiling Zero,” drama in three acts, written by Frank Wead. Presented by Playshop in Eliza Fowler Hall. Directed by Gilbei’t Dunbar Williams, staged by John E. Dietrich. Curtain at 7:30 each night this week through Thursday; Friday and Saturday curtain at 8 p. m.
CAST
Buzz Gordon, radio operator Fiank Franz Doc Wilsbn, chief Mechanic Gar Johnson Chubby Wright, Mechanic Louis Juillard
Les Bogan, trjeteorologist Jake Lee, superintenden of
Eastern division
ToMMy ThoMas, hostess Lou Clark, Tex’s wife
Texas Clark, pilot Tay Lawson, pilot
A1 Stone, vice-president in charge of operations Robert Schlendorf Eddie Payson, pilot Ronald Wilson Dodo Harvey, hostess Valerie Armstrong Dizzy Davis, pilot Victor Somogyi Joe Allen, inspector, bureau of air coMmerce Bert Brink Mike Owens, janitor Bernard Everett Mary Lee, Jake’s wife Lois Randolph Dick Peterson, pilot Douglas Harvey Fred Adams, airplane manufacturer Douglas Myeis Jerry Stevens, airplane designer Philip Luginbill Smiley Johnson, pilot Joe Martin Bob Wilkins, Globe reporter John Benjamin B P Jenkins, insurance adjuster James Moore
John Oswalt
Robert Heine Alice Martens
Pat Heine
Robert Hettema Benton Burns
While Lafayette and West Lafayette were being bathed by midApril showers, Purdue lay in total darkness for 15 minutes last night, because of a burned out transform-
er on the Ag campus.
Activity, which was in full swing all over the campus, was halted for a short period . . . except the Sigma Delta Chi meeting. Members continued talking about the approaching “Razz” Banquet undisturbed by the darkness which filled room E of
the Union.
While lights were off in the Union, people sat lifeless, talking of “how much fun it is to be in the dark.” In the music room. Cameraman John Emslie was working with Piom king and queen. Bob Sasser and Virginia Hulse. Fate stopped the proceedings as the lights slowly dimmed and became extin-
guished.
Before long candles appeared in the Union halls. Cigarettes were lighted from candles. Shortly after the artificial light was produced, the legular system was turned on.
Elliott Approves 'Frosh Bible' Plans To Print 5,000 Copies Complete plans for the 1938 student handbook, better known as the freshman Bible, were approved by Pres. Elliott yesterday. The new handbook will include under one cover many of the separate publications sent to potential freshmen
in former years.
Directing the work and writing the book were Student Senators Fishburn and Schumacher. Approxmately 5,000 copies of the new book will be printed and distributed this
summer.
Chief divisions of the newly completed publication are the WSGA handbook. Interfraternity President’s Bulletin, Women’s Pan directions, and the Dean’s letter of former years. Also included are the new activities chart, University regulations and rules, and varied information relative to orientation.
“Ceiling Zero” first-nighters sat in darkness for 15 minutes just before closing curtain on the first act last night, when, a University power supply transformer burned out. The play presents swift-moving action in the operations office of Federal Air Lines, Newark, N. J., 1 evolving around Dizzy Davis, Texas Clark, and Jake Lee, three wartime aviator-buddies. Robert Heine presents a convincing Jake Lee, as an energetic, dependable man, whose life is a mixture of aviation, sane aeronautics, field efficiency, and love for the two veteran airmen. Victor Somogyi as Dizzy Davis poi trays a flyer who comes out of an older age, not of science, but of adventure in wine, women, and flight. Davis is an amorous, reckless magnifico of the air, who is a worry to husbands and American womanhood. Tension runs highest at the close of the second act, when Tex attempts a landing in dense fog and crashes. On the trail of romance with Tommy Thomas, Dizzy pretended a heart-ailment and traded this flight with Tex. Jake and the radio operator frantically try to talk to Tex, but his radio does not pick up their directions. All hear his motor throbbing as he stabs the rolling gray blanket surrounding him, and for a moment they hear Tex say he is coming in. A chilling moment follows, the roar grows louder, ending in a rumbling crash coupled with the glare of flaming gasoline. Piloting a plane equipped with newly developed defrosters. Dizzy radios information directing Tay how to correct them and then fades out ... a bit of self-sacrifice in the best theatrical tradition. F. M. Crosby Awarded Airline Scholarship Frank M. Crosby, ME senior, was named a winner by the National Committee of Awards of the United Airlines Scholarships last Friday at Oakland, Cal. Crosby’s winning paper was entitled “Development of the Airplane Test Model PX4B.” Crosby’s award entitles him to one of the following courses: Air Transport Engineering, Practical Aeronautical Engineering, Airline Technician, Dispatching and Meteorology, Airline Operations, or the Airline Mechanic Course. He 'will start his training at the Boeing School of Aeronautics on September 26. Pedallion Club... ... announces the election of the following officers: president^ Betty Soehner; 'vice-president, Nina DeWitt; secretary, Margaret Johnson; treasurer, Joype Davison; rdsh chairman, Martha Baker; and social chairman, June Conklin.
Prom Ticket, Program Distribution
Will Start Today
Prom ticket and program distribution will start today, the Junior Prom Committee announced. Tickets may be obtained by presenting the receipt of the four-dollar payment, at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building between 8 a. m. and 4:30 p. m. Prom go-ers may secure programs by presenting their ticket and receipt to E. Jackson in the Union check room from 10 a. m. to 1 p. m., 2 to 5 p. m., and 6 to 9 p. m. Programs must be obtained by noon Friday, Bill Smith, Prom committee member, announced. Peace Cemmiitee Plans Student Participation in National Peace Strike “Strike—in the name of peace” is part of the tentative plans made by the Purdue Peace Committee in an open meeting last Friday night. The committee composed of representatives of 14 campus organizations including the Purdue Christian Foundation, Roger Williams Club, PSA, Wesley Foundation, and the Purdue Union of Jewish Students, aims to have University students participate in a nation-wide peace strike April 27. Peace Day plans include a request to Governor Townsend of Indiana to declare a state-wide Peace Day, a general assembly at 11 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall to hear a peace talk, a noon fast with a seminar, and an evening meeting. A committee has been appointed to request President Elliott to have 11 o’clock classes dismissed on Peace Day. Other corhmittees were appointed as follows: Program, Walter Weijola, chairman, Mary Jordan, Stanley Steinbach, Dean Wright; finance, Max Barrow, chairman, Ted Wilson, Elma Hollingsworth; publicity, Stanley Seinbach, chairman. Max Barrows, Joe Clark, Dave Nelson, Meyer Mirkin, and John Thompson. WSGA Co-eds To Eled Counselors Tomorrow Open meeting for prospective coed counselors will be held tomorrow at 4:15 in rooms 1 and 2 of the
Union.
Counselors will be chosen from those co-eds who attend this meeting, which was postponed from today. Only sophomores and juniors, many of whom have had previous experience in cbunseling have received letters concerning next year’s counseling program, according to Georgianna Huber and Betty jo Sexton, who ^re in charge of the program.
Schumacher, Elliott, Keck, Jacobi Nominated For Top Position; Election Set For Next Tuesday R. I. Schumacher, PSE ’39; C. G. Elliott, Ag. ’39; J. R. Keck, PSE ’39; and J. H. Jacobi, ChE ’39, were nominated for the presidency of the Student Senate last night. Nominations will be accepted or rejected by the nominees next Tuesday, when they will present short speeches.
Election of the president will take place at that time. Following the election for president, nominations and election of the vice-president, seci’etary, and treasurer will be
held.
A merit system for the selection of nominees was adopted at last night’s meeting, but it will not go into effect until next year. May 16 was set as the date for a banquet in honor of Senate members.
Second Group Of State Policemen Arrive For Class The second group of Indiana State Police to attend the annual State Police school here this year is taking up work similar to that of the first group, which finished its comse last week-end. Specializing on photography, law of evidence, accident reports, and other traffic problems pertaining to police departments, the officers "will be at the University for the remainder of the week. Lieut. Robert Raleigh, of the Northwestern University traffic division, is in charge of
the school.
These schools will continue until July 31. They aie under the supervision of Lieut. Don Kooken. The schools are part of the State Police program to lessen accidents and fatalities within the state. Union Bridge Tourney To Have Earlier Start In an effort to bring the Union Bridge Tournament to an earlier close tomorrow, the starting time has been changed from 7:30 to 7 o’clock. Tournament director J. L. Born states that since instruction in duplicate procedure will not be necessary next Thursday, the entire session should be completed not later than 10:46. All teams intending to play in tomorrow’s session must file a new entry regardless of their previous qualifications for the Senior flight. Those who qualified for the Junior flight should re-enter, for there will also be a prize awarded to the winning team in that section. All entries must be filed not later than today noon. Organist To Give Recital Tomoritiw Miss Frances Biery, blind organist, will play a concert of classical music in a recital tomorrow evening at 8 o’clock in the First Methodist Episcopal Church. The West Lafayette Music Society is sponsoring the qrgan recital. Though' blind since birth. Miss Biery has won distinction as an organist in Chicago, where she held, a scholarship at the American Conservatory of Music for the past three years. Last year she won second place in a concert contest at the Conservatory, and gave frequent recitals at the University of Chica-
go chapel.
Adftiission to the organ recital will be free to everyone; but an offering will be taken, the proceeds going to Miss Biery.
Chemistry Heads Present Reports At AChS Meeting Purdue University chemical research reports for the past year were presented to the American Chemica?H;^ociety at their annual meeting Which started yesterday at Dallas, Tex. Dr. Henry B. Hass, head of the chemical department, E. F. Degeiing, and Herschel Hunt, professors in the chemical department, contributed a total of five reports to the society. Dr. Hass furnished a scientific explanation of the unusual gas absorbing qualities of coconut charcoal as used in gas masks in the World War. Prof. Degermg has contributed three papers and will contribute a fourth today. His papers covered the following subjects: lecture demonstrations in teaching, measurement of achievement in organic chemistry, and seven new- selenium derivatives of salicylic acid. The subject of Degering’s fourth paper is “The Effect of pH on the Antiseptic and Bactericidal Properties of Benzoic Acid and Some Organic Salts.” Prof. Herschel Hunt reported to the physical chemistry division on “Molecular Forces and Solvent Power.” This experiment was conducted in conjunction with R. G. Larson. PIA Will Elect New Officers Next Tuesday Setting the petition deadline for next Saturday noon, PIA officials announced that the forthcoming election of officers will be held next Tuesday afternoon in the lobby of the Union Building. The election will last from 7:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. and any PIA member may vote upon presentation of his or her passport. Members who have filed petitions for office to date are: for president, R. D. Maby and D. K. Wells; vicepresident, R. Jenkins; co-ed executive, Mary Wien; secretary, Emily J. Myers and Mary G. Yeager; and treasurer, J. E. Hinshaw and E. W. Hackney. Petition Necessary Any PIA member desiring to run for an office for which he is qualified, may do so by submitting a petition, signed by 25 members, at the PIA office before this Saturday noon. Students must have had at least one year’s experience on the PIA Board in order to run for the presidential position. According to the present election rules, no money may be spent for campaigning purposes, and no campaigning will be allowed in the lobby of the Union Building on the day of elections.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Somewhat
warmer this afternoon.
Yesterday’s Temperatures: Low,
68; High, 73; Mean, 68,
Gridiron Ticket Refunds Must Come In Today Payments for Gridiron Banquet tickets must be turned in oi mailed in by 5 o’clock this afternoon. Sigma Delta Chi President Hugh Forster emphasized last night. In order for the organization to write script for practically every person attending the banquet, this deadline must be enforced, Forster said. Money for banquet tickets may be paid at the west Union desk or at either Exponent office or mailed in to room E of the Union Building. Acceptance letters postmarked before 5 p. m. today will obtain the privilege of attending the affair for the sender. Discuss Awards Sigma Delta Chi membeis last night discussed prospective recipients for the chapter’s Leather Medal, given to the staff member who has done most for the University during the past year, and for the Best Teacher Medallion, to be presented to the best of Exponent’s “Good Teachers.” Both awards will be made at the Gridiron Banquet next Tuesday. PIA Men To Leave For Convention At Scboi In Oklahoma Five PIA members will leave tomorrow morning for the University of Oklahoma at Norman, Okla., where they will attend the National Conclave of Independent Men’s Associations this week-end. The students, N. M. Parkhurst, Ralph Maby, Roger Clymer, Robert Bowman, and Robert Schlundt, will make the trip by automobile and shaie ex-
penses.
During the conclave, at which more than 20 mid-western schools will be represented, groups will discuss social programs, newspapers, financial organization, scholastic programs, and other phases of university life. Robert Schlundt, present president of the PIA, will discuss “How to Finance an Independent Men’s Association” at the Saturday morning session. F.R. Hall To Talk At Chi Epsilon Banquet Prof. Frank R. Hall, of the history, economics, and government department, will talk this evening on “Democracy at Cross Roads” at the annual spring initiation banquet of Chi Epsilon, national honorary civil engineering fraternity. The dinner will start at 6:30 in the chestnut room of the Union Build-
ing.
The initiates are T. C. Wilson, Jr., W. C. Martin, F. C. Moses, L. E. Gregg, F. C. Ahrens, R. M. Thorton, F. W. Winter, and M. D. Stepath. Home Ec Banquet Names Best Co-ed Shirley Anderson, of Noblesville, was named the best all-round sophomore home ec student at the Houm Economics banquet last night. The Denforth scholarship was also awarded at the same ti,me to Dax’bara Gibbs, HE ’39, of West fay<^tte.£dUifuaL
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
diuMUfl,
Wednesday, April 20, 1938
Hell Week (Dail> Troian) The fact tliat there is an order of some years standing from Dr. von KleinSmid abolishing fraternity “hell weeks" for pledges is well known. Today we should like to raise the question whether fraternities while scrupulously adhering to the literal meaning of this order are actually complying with this strenuous initiation period was that it disrupted the life of the pledge for a week and put him at a serious disadvantage as far as his work was concerned. Now what a week of informal initiation is called—probation week, courtesy week, worK week, ideal week—is irrelevant to the point of the president’s order. So long as this fraternity “discipline” demands the student’s time to the exclusion of more important private and academic pursuits, the practice is without question a violation of the president’s regulation. The fact that weeks of all kinds and names are still set aside by many fraternities for the purpose of “disciplining” and humiliating the pledges in greater or less degree seems to us to call for investigation. The whole pledge period is supposed to exist for the purpose of introducing the pledge to the true spirit (whatever that may be) of his fraternity. Any special week of introduction is superfluous. If a fraternity does not know within a week of formal initiation whether it wants to pledge or not, then it will never know. Therefore it seems evident that fraternity members maintain the tradition of informal initiation weeks because of the peculiar personal pleasure it gives them to embarrass and humiliate others. Meanwhile a week of the pledge’s time is
the Purdue Exponent
^kMocintetl ifolSe^tate Stress
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Consreas of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postaKe provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. S, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during; the reKular academic year and weekly durinic the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $3.50.
Editor-In-Chief
Business Manager
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
Editor Associate Editors
Editor .
Associate Editors
CO-ED STAFF
EUizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF
R. F. Obenchain J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald.
B. D. Witwer
PUBLICATION STAFF Managringr Editor J. B. Brock Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanbuk, D. R, Vance Sophomore Assistants—R. J. Deckard, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, R. L. Keck, W. A. Kroeplin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A. Torrence, J. C.
Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J. P, Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager — M. C. Reeves MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 5038
Night Editor—Schroeder Issue Editor—Insley Wednesday, April 20, 1938
wasted. If fraternity pledges do not have the sense to be annoyed and offended by these puerile attempts to invade their privacy and destroy their personal dignity, they ought to at least resent the waste -of their time.
Let Students Vote On Union Sculpturing To The Purdue University Trustees: Today you will consider the sculpturing: on the stones at the front entrance to the Union Building. This project may involve the expenditure of approximately $8,000. In considering this please remember the memory value of those stones in their present form. Nearly four complete generations of Purdue graduates have passed through this institution since these stones were first placed. In the ensuing years a tradition has grown concerning these stones. Students Finish the Job They have come to represent the potential value and beauty latent in each aspiring freshman. In the past it has been the privilege for each of us ot finish the stones in a living emblem of Purdue, allowing the inspiraation to remain for the next class of students. There is a certain massive strength to these stones which as we advance we have come to respect and revere. Those stones have come to represent PURDUE. Yesterday in a class mostly of juniors and a few seniors, 55 out of 73 students indicated that they opposed the project. This sampling shows that 75 per cent of the student body may oppose the change. Since this is a change in the Purdue Memorial Union, the center of student life, we propose that the Senate allow each student to vote and that the final decision reached be that of the majority of the students voting. W. R. Smith, Grad. H. F. Helbig, ME ’39 MacDonald, ME ’39
A statistical survey of new collegiate organizations shows the following report of undergraduate institutions that have been chartered in the last month: 1. Future Slackers of America, founded by Lehigh University undergraduates who believe there can be no war if nobody attends. 2. Anti-corsage League — place of founding is undetermined, but it has countless chapters on countless campuses. 3. Woman Haters’ League, this one was founded at Haverford College to give students more time for study during examination periods. 5. Organized Casanova’s of America, inaugurated at University of Wichita with no plan of action but a contemplated parody of European politics.
Eighty per cent of Beloit College’^ men like their eggs fried.
. . . last night, as Prom Chairman Bob Sasser failed by half an hour to keep his appointment in the Union with Prom Queen Virginia Hulse and Debris Photographer Emslie. The “King and Queen” were to pose for a picture to be published in Exponent’s tabloid souvenir Prom edition . . . “Ginny” appeared at the set time of 7:30 . . . Bob didn’t get there until 8. Dear B. and B.— It seems to me that the eds of this school do a lot of griping about the co-eds. If they would take a look around, they would see that they don’t have so much to offer. So I dare you to print this answer to “Scrap and More Scrap.” —Josephine P. College. HERE’S TO THE EDS They swagger and strut—■ And whistle and grunt— For feminine admiration. And if they per chance Receive just a glance They swear devout adoration. And when on a date, It is sure as fate. They bore you with their egotism. I guess their so dumb, Or their brain is so numb, They don’t comprehend stark realism.
“I haven’t required any financial backing for my expeditions since I started charging the natives 50 cents apiece to take my picture!”
ARC
-LAST DAY—
—AND— iWNOaaAM PICTURES
—ALSO— “RADIO PATROL’
No. 4
Schilling Orchestra Replaces Recorded Program Dear Editor: Many thanks for this morning’s story. May we secure some extra copies ? To your unsigned correspondent: I think that he unduly minimized on our present "live” luncheon dance program. Lou Schilling has an enthusiastic campus following. As for permanency. Schilling has assured us that he will continue his daily broadcast from now on. The 15-minute duration of his music is the same period that we formerly filled with recorded music. It just seems shorter. By'the way, about last Christmas-tide we of WBAA purchased—-and paid for—some $200 worth of records from a local record store. Gilbert Dunbar Williams Program Director,
she IS living in a sorority or organized house. She, on the other hand, has a few duties. She must comply with all University regulations under which she is living. If she is living in a sorority house or private home, it is socially the pleasant thing to remember the sorority hostess with a small gift. Prof. O. F. Hall... ... of the University division of education, and applied psychology, and T. A. Coleman, assistant director of agricultural extension, were in Indianapolis Saturday to meet with a group of farm bureau leaders from several Corn Belt states. The group was planning for the annual Midwest Farm Bureau Training School, which will be held this year at Purdue, July 17 to 21.
But the Prom Queen for each prom-going ed will still be his own girl, though Ginny Hulse may reign. Most regal of all the queens should be those honored by being “imported.” Theirs is a week-end party while ours is simply a one-night date. Emily Post doesn’t understand the Purdueism “importing,” but she has rules for the girl who is a Rouse guest. First, her expenses end at traveling; her date must arrange for her housing for the visit and is responsible for her being fed. A Purdue ed should warn his date that mixer dresses are customarily short; he must describe the University rules ufider which she must live if
The earliest international badminton meet was Ireland vs. England in 1903.
Days Are Here
L
An Ideal Tilne to Add to the Enjoyment of Her Evening Corsages madd up to perfection —Light rose buds, gardenias and flowers, of every variety, . made up by the hands of experts.
LUNA THEATRE BUILDING PHONE 1955
(They don’t get it). So, my dear eds, Just use your heads. What have you to offer? Griper! —Josephine.
—LAST DAYm
If. a Radio . Fox MuJicol PHUUS BROOKS SUM
TOMORROW and FRIDAY DICK FORAN in Warden Lawes’ “OVER THE WALL”
FOLLIES
IN TEGHNSCOLOR wKA THE mm m®Ti{iERS ANPIEA LEEIiiS HELEN IEPS®N PH8L_BAKER EP4SAR BERGEN •CHARLEYJMcCARTHY' ALL WEEK
UIMA
TOMM-i
toENGUINO-FRANCE<
w
STATENOAM JUNE 3 NIEUW AMSTERDAM JUNE 11 VEENDAM JUNE 18 STATENDAM JUNE 24
NIEUW
AMSTERDAM JULY 2 tourist cuss Round Trip ^257 «P
THIRD CLASS Round Trip
^76
up
^ « pioneers in providing ■■■rM vouttl Witt*’*■*''*' V, to ^
* STCA pieani *
For details, inquire S. T. C. A. Department HOLLAND-AMERICA LINEWednesday, April 20, 1938
THE PURDUE
Butler Hands Visiting Boilermaker Baseball Team 8-0 Defeat
Dickinson, Doan Account For Only Purdue Hits
Phi Delta Theta vs. Alpha Chi Rho. Delta Chi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Beta Sigma Psi vs. Phi Kappa Sig-
Women’s Athletics
house pool. Miss Marion Russell, of the women’s physical education department, and Prof. L. LaBree, of the men’s physical education department, assisted Herndon.
Life Saving By completing the new course for Red Cross instructors last week, nine co-eds qualified as instructors in water safety and life saving.
Fifty men and women enrolled I in the course, and in addition to qualifying as instructors, they received their examiners licenses.
The course was conducted by H. Herndon, Red Cross field representative, each evening last week from 7 to 10 o’clock, in the Field-
The following girls passed the course: Alice Eisenback, Betty Frost, Mary Mather, Phoebe Rhomberger, Dorothy Russell, Saxon Shewalter, Pauline Swick, Betty Spears, and Emily Tubbs.
LUe
owef'd THEY CHARM
WITH THEIR
FRESH FRAGRANCE
AND LOVELINESS.
A PERFECT BACKGROUND FOR THE
mm
DORNER’S FLOWER SHOP MAIN AT SEVENTH PHONE 6050
A Complete Line of Accessories Are Always Available at
'^uUwJflL.
INC.
Purdue found Butler’s baseball team a formidable adversary yesterday afternoon and was forced to be content with only two scattered hits to its credit, while the Bulldogs marked up eight runs to the Boilermakers’ zero.
Butler’s pitcher, Blackaby, only allowed Dickinson to make a twobase hit in the third and Doan a single in the fourth, in chalking up his shut-out victory. Mangas started on the mound for Purdue and struck out five men before he ran into difficulty in the sixth inning, as the Bulldogs began a rally which finally resulted in a splurge of five hits and six runs. Arnold Bredewater was then rushed in to take over the hurling duties in the last of the sixth, and he clamped down to hold the Butler crew without any more hits in the seventh and eighth innings, Purdue started out with a handicap as the first man up for the opposition pounded out a triple and then scored, when the fourth man up hit a long fly out to center field. Summary and box score: Purdue 000 000 000—0 Butler 100 016 OOx—8
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Washington
Won 2
Lost 0
Pet. 1.000
Chicago
1
0
1.000
St. Louis ....
1
0
1.000
Boston
2
1
.667
New York ..
1
2
.333
Detroit
0
1
.000
Cleveland ....
0
1
.000
Philadelphia
0
2
.000
Yesterday’s Results Washington, 9; Philadelphia,
7.
Boston, 3-6;
New York 5-0.
BASEBALL —Today Diamond 1— Delta Chi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 2— Acacia vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 3— Theta Xi vs. Theta Tau. 4— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Delta Upsilon. 5— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Beta Theta Pi. 7— Phi Kappa vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 8— Sigma Chi vs. Phi Gamma Del-
ta.
9— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Sigma
Pi.
10—Theta Chi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon.
Kappa Delta Rho vs. Alpha Gamma Rho, Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Nu, Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Theta Chi vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda.
Sigma Pi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Theta Xi. Theta Tau vs. Sigma . Alpha Mu. Triangle vs. Phi Kappa.
Chicago, 4; Detroit, 3. St. Louis, 6; Cleveland, 2.
FRATERNITY TENNIS DOUBLES Today—4:15 Beta Theta Pi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon.
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Coach Paddy Driscoll of Marquette University has been experimenting during his spare time and now believes that he has found a new kind of football that will be very adaptable to rainy weather. Rubber ends and seams are the principal features of the new ball.
Chicago
Won Lost Pet. 1 0 1.000
N.ew York
1
0
1.000
Brooklyn i
1
0
1.000
Pittsburgh
1
0
1.000
Cincinnati
0
1
.000
Boston
0
1
.000
Philadelphia
0
1
.000
St. Louis
0
1
.000
Purdue Women’s Club.
. . . will elect a new president at the last meeting of the season tomorrow at 2:30, in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Mrs. Nolanne O’Hair, of Greencastle, will be guest speaker of the program following the election. Her subject will be “Living Poetry.” Miss Ra-
Yesterday’s Results Chicago, 8; Cincinnati, 7. New York, 13; Boston, 1. Brooklyn, 12; Phildelphia, 5. Pittsburgh, 4; St. Louis, 3.
chel Schenk will direct the program which is under the current literature section.
For the Prom, Your Hair Must Be Styled For You Alone For your convenience we have 10 Skilled Beauticians, 2 Hair Stylists, to serve you.
You will be pleased with workmanship and moderate prices. ^ aJ^oel)^6 i^eauti^ -.Saion Call 7090 for Appointments
Enjoy the Prom Dressed in the Correct Attire
We can supply you with all your Prom needs — tux’s and tails and all accessories.
MEN’S WEAR 436 Main Street
C/'
Fitting and Proper
The collar attached dress shirt is the smartest and most comfortable thing for black tie occasions. Try Arrow’s Shoreham. It has the non-wilt Aroset turn down co liar, a soft pleated front, and the Miloga tailored fit $3
AI^P^OW
DKESS SHIKTS
JVexf Time . . .
Drop in after the show for a Coney Island or a delicious Spanish Hamburger.
at-
MANHATTAN
SANDWICH SHOP 5th and Main Street
Buy ARROW Shirts and Ties at DEWENTER’S
416 MAIN STREET
your needs for the PROM
our stock of
ARROW SHIRTS and all formal wear available for your selection3bm»L CbiA,
THE PURDUE EXt>ONENT
TlidiaiL.
<4
Wednesday, April 20, 1938
State Rules No Change In Location Of W6AA
Following" the request of University officials, the fedeial communication buieaii today dismissed Purdue’s petition foi the moving of WBAA equipment to Indianapolis. In a recent confeience \vith Governor Townsend and Indiana University officials, representatives of the University pioposed a relocation of the station vith a power increase to 5,000 watts. Under state management, the station %\ould have offered its facilities to state universities and colleges of the department of education for presentation of educational progi’ams. Failure of the proposal to meet with the sanction of state officials caused the University to request a dismissal of the case.
Beta Theta Pi... . . . announces the initiation of T. P. Axton, Prospect, Ky.; R. N. Brown, Columbus; T. L. Gardner, Louisville, Ky.; J. P. Gutting, Shelbyville; W. F. Hartnett, Akron, 0.; R. H. Kilgore, Akron, 0.; W. H. Lindsay, Louisville, Ky.; J. Messmore, III, Kansas City, Mo.; W. A. Smith, Ji . Jamesto'wn, N. Y.; R. W. Van Hook, Lakewood, 0.; and J. H. Winchell, Southpoit.
—TODAY— iiniEis
<la«k
Also CHARLIE McCARTHY
Starts TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
STELLA DALLAS
with BARBARA STANWYCK JOHN BOLES
— Plus — NIGHT SPOT witli
PARKYAKARKUS JOAN WOODBURY
SPRING DANCING CLASSES OPEN Instruction will be completed before Purdue closes. Phone 2150 Beginners Open Wed., April 20, 7:30 p. m. Advanced friday, April 22, 7:30 p. m. Phone 2150
ALLEN’S 6tb & Ferry
There nre goad jiiiis uillh Eiqulre
0 Each year ESQUIRE employs a number of men from college graduating dosses The publishing business is no sinecure. Inexperienced people start at the bottom, of course . . . usually in circulotion or merchandising deportments. It takes work and reol ability to get to the top and stay there But It's interesting and men with ability climb fast There's a special testing job—in the field right where you're going to school . that will be remunerative in proportion to results and will qualify outstanding performers to special con siderotion for permanent jobs with Esquire-Coronet, Inc Seniors write us for complete Information. Write to the University Bureau core of
Iaq alxCTWB roa .MB.f
919 North Michigan Ave., Chicago
WSGA Counselors.
. . . next fall will be chosen from the sophomore and junior women attending the first open counselor meeting tomoiTow at 4:15 p. m. in looms 1 and 2 of the Union. No freshman counselors will be chosen this year, WSGA officials have announced.
Dean Stratton To Talk For High School Girls
WRH JSorthf Kappa’s To Bowl In Finals Thursday WRH North defeated the Alpha Chi’s, and the Kappa’s won from the Theta’s in the semi-final round of the co-ed bowling tournament. The tournament will end next Thursday night when the Kappa’s will meet WRH North in the final game at the Union alleys. Thursday night will also mark the end of the individual bowling tournament for co-eds.
WATCH CLEANING — $1.00. Mainsprings $1.00. Crystals 26 and 36 cents. All work guaranteed. Kellar’s Watch Shop, 223 Main street.
WAA Baseball: There will be no game played Thursday evening, April 21. —MAIER.
Independent: Staff meeting Wednesday, April 20, at 7 p. m. All staff members required to be present. —FELDMAN.
FOR SALE—Model A Ford, touring. Excellent condition. Reasonable price. Call Crane 2362.
WSGA Executive Board: Old and new members meet in office Wednesday, April 20, at 7:30 p. m. —STEWART.
WSGA Counselors: Meeting for next year’s counselors postponed until Thursday, April 21, at 4:16 p. m., rooms 1 and 2. —HUBER, SEXTON.
Purdue Flying Club: There will be a short meeting Wednesday, April 20 at 7 :30 p. m. in room B of the Union Building. Treasurer will be elected, also ship payments are due. —SKINNER.
LOS']^—A grey zipper briefcase containing books. Books have name in back. Call Deale 6087.
Purdue Peace Committee: Meeting Wednesday night, April 20, at 7 :30 in room F of the Union Building. All delegates please attend —BUCKLES.
Purdue Motorcyclists: There will be an important organization meeting Thursday* April 21, at 7 p. m. in room B of the Union Building. Please bring paper and pencil. —GLENN.
Dean Dorothy Stratton and Prof. Marian Willoughby of the home economics school will drive to Terre Haute tomorrow. Miss Stratton will describe “Recent Developments at Purdue” at a dinner meeting of the Purdue Association of the Wabash Valley at 6:30 p. m. in the Hotel Deming. In the afternoon Miss Stratton will talk to high school girls of the city at a tea in the YWCA building. She will discuss the question “Why Go To College?”
Sigma Nu...
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the folio-wing officers: eminent commander, Mahlon Rieke, Auburn; lieutenant commander, Robert McCreery, Cleveland, 0.; treasurer, Herbert Schryver, Warren, 0.; marshall, Charles McDonald, Gary; recorder, Donald Malcolm, Indianapolis; and chaplin, John Munk, Cleveland, O.; and housemanager, H. G. Telford, Cleveland, 0.
TYPING—Theses and term papers—Mary Catherine Carroll. Call 66684 at 1704 South street. LOST—(jentleman’s yellow gold Hamilton wrist watch Saturday night in Luna Theater men’s rest room. Liberal reward. 7273.
PIA Beginners’ Dance Class: The eighth lesson will be held Wednesday, April 20, at 7:30 p m. in the Women's Gym. All those who didn’t attend last week come at that time. —CLYMER.
Students: Any student planning to bicycle through Europe next summer please come to a meeting at the Pi Kappa Phi house Wednesday, April 20, at 7:30. —NEVIN.
Horticultural Society: Meeting in Horticultuial Building Wednesday, April 20, at 7 p. m. —SMITH.
Sigma Delta Psi: For tryouts meet Wednesday, April 20, at the stadium for tests in high jump, bioad jump, mile run, and huidles. —KELLER.
WILL PERSON—Who took the drawing instruments from my desk please return them. Robert Dirmeyer.
WAA Baseball: Wednesday, April 20 at 4 p m. Pi Phi vs. Ward 1, and Wards 3 and 4 vs. Alpha Xi; Thursday, April 21, at 4 p m.. Kappa vs. Ward 2 and Phi Mu vs. Chi Omega. —MAIER.
Chi Epsilon: All actives and pledges meet at 6 p. m. Wednesday, April 20, in the tower room of Union. —WALING.
PSA: Open discussion headed by Professor Murphy Thursday, April 21, at 7 :30 in room D of the Union Building. —DUNSHEE.
Miss Willoughby will exhibit her doll collection at the tea.
University Doctors Receive Appointments
“RHYTHM IS OUR BUSINESS” —Swing out at your next big dance with Charley Payne and his 12-piece swing aggregation, the “midwest’s newest band sensation.” We are now booking dates up to May 30th. For additional information write or wire Charles W. Thomas, 4040 Carrollton Ave., Indianapolis, Ind.
Dr. F. B. Knight, Dr. Harriet O’Shea, and Dr. H. H. Remmers of the University department of education and applied psychology were recently appointed to committees of the American Association of Applied Psychologists. Dr. Remmers was elected chairman of the publications committee. The annual meeting of the organization will be held next September at Ohio State University.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Notices
M* Notices Accepted After • p.m.
Newman Club: All those wishing to be candidates for offices next year please contact me. (4-19) —OTTENWELLER.
RENT A NEW ROYAL—Portable Typewriter by the week or month. Call 6477 Decker's, 518-20 Main.
Playshop Publicity: All students interested in working on the Playshop publicity rommittee, meet in Fowler Hall, Wednesday, April 20, at 4 p. m. —BERGMANN
Tau Beta Pi: Important meeting Wednesday in room C of the Union, April 20, at 7 '.SO p. m. —MUSHAM.
For Mother’s Day
If you can’t be with your mother on her day, do the next best thing — send her your photograph.
Make An Appointment Today Mother’s Day—May 8 Phone 6725
THE FOSTER STUDIO
Opposite Purdue Union
^oa6t
to cJloveii
me66
ADD TO HER GLAMOUR ON PROM NIGHT BY SENDING HER A
e
Corsages, arranged to fit the personally, will add to the charm of your date. We have a wide selection. Stop in or phone at your convenience and leave your order.
cu
ora
{Co.
Sn Main St.
Phone 5432
• Furdu© Exponent
Service Directory
• i@dkst@res
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNEH
SOUTHWOHTH'S
Everything for the Purdue Student
• i@ayfy SfiLiciio
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE
Co-ed Special, Thurs - Fri ramY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Mam Phone 7727
• Ayfo Rental
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE
Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
• Locksmith
LAWN MOWERS NEW—USED—SHARPENED New Mowers 8.50 and up. Delivery service on Mowers. MULHAUPT'S Phons 2828-209-11 N. 5th St.
• Frofessioital
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD S. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
SPORTS jEQtVIPMENT
SPORT-SHOP
Goldsmith represents the finest sports equipment ob* tainable. The best materials and workmanship go into every piece of merchandise they make. Don’t be misled in just as good but buy Goldsmith and be completely satisfied.
Baseballs
Soft Balls
25« - ^2®® 35*= -
Complete stocks of all price baseballs. For lasting qualities the famous 97 wilt take care of teams who want the best.
Playground to professional softballs. The best grade Kapok and glazed horsehide cover that money can buy. Concealed stitch or outseam balls obtainable.
Baseball Bats 50c. $2®^
Soft Ball Bats 35c . $1.45
Second year growth ash in our Major Leagrue bats made by the famous firm of bat makers at Louisville, Ky.
Wide range of softball bats that are official in every respect. New types handle grips on each bat.
Baseball Shoes
Soft Ball Shoes
$3.45
$3.45
Sprint Fast—Soft and flexible, “Spartan” leather uppers, soft toe, semi-pro type steel toe and heel spikes.
The shoe is the same as the baseball shoe but the spikes are only %" to conform with softball regulations.
Other items that our stocks are complete in is fishing tackle, Goldsmith and MacGregor golf equipment. We also provide suits and and other equipment.
1
ii \