This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Ebcponent
WEDNESDAY April 6, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 146
Co-eds Get 1:30 Hours For Cabaret Formal Dance; Eds To Model Clothes One-thirty hours have been granted co-eds for this Friday’s third annual Cabaret formal dance, WSGA officials announced yesterday, and the dance, formerly from 9 o’clock to midnight, has been lengthened an hour. Tickets for the dance, limited to 150, have been going rapidly, but there are still a few available at $2 apiece, and will be on sale today at tlie table in the Union lobby between the hours of 4 and 5:30. Gray Gordon and his tick-tock
Time Magazine Publishes Article On Prof. Remmers
rhythm band, coming direct from the Merry Garden ballroom in Chicago, will play for the Cabaret Formal Friday evening, and will featiu’e the orchestra’s three vocalists, Betty and Shirley Lane, and Curley Van. Gordon broadcasts nightly over the NBC networks. Six Eds To Model The main feature of this year’s hop will be the style show at 10:30 and will be one of the first occasions for style show modeling by eds on the University campus. The men to take part in the show are Boss Drever, Lewis Morrison, Gene Wright, Bob Heine, Dave Sloan, and Bernard Everett. Clothes from Gullion’s, Geisler’s and the Baltimore Clothes Shop will be shown. The eds’ style show will be in addition to the show by the co-eds, with dresses supplied by Loeb & Hene’s. The dance, a formal affair, will be done in cabaret style, with tables placed around the walls of the ballroom. Free soft drinks will be served at the tables, reservations for which should be made when the tickets are purchased. Corsages are being supplied by the dance committee and will be on the tables at the beginning of the dance. Exponent Opens
Senate Votes For Adoption Of Merit System In Election student Senate last night voted to adopt a merit system to facilitate selection of the most worthy candidates for Senate offices to be filled in the coming election. Exact provisions of the merit system are to be completed at a later date. By unanimous vote, a nominating committee to consist of the four present officers of the Senate, the Senate’s faculty advisor, and the editor of the Exponent, was provided for. Vote in the committee was restricted to the four officers of the Senate except in the case of a tie, when the Exponent editor would be permitted to cast the deciding vote. Action on the merit system followed the reading of an open letter to the Senate by Exponent Editor R. P. Manion. By another motion, nominations for the office of president were restricted in number to not less than two or more than three with the provision that the Senate proper may add one name to this list by a majority vote from the floor.
Powers of propaganda and Purdue’s Professor Herman H. Remmers provided the theme for an article titled “Plastic Minds’’ published in Time magazine’s April 4 issue. Professor Remmers, head of the University division of educational reference, published startling scientific evidence of the powerful effect of propaganda in Princeton University’s Public Opinion Quarterly .. . Time “digested” his manuscript, outlined “significant discoveries.” Conducts Experiments Data for Remmer’s article was collected from results of experiments made in small high schools. High school students were asked to give their opinions on contempo-
rary public problems . . . then they were given a dose of propaganda and retested. Prints Time, “After a five-minute paper on murder, a group swung in favor of capital punishment. After reading a speech by Secretary of Labor Francis Perkins advocating social insurance, the students favored it much more strongly than before. Professor Remmers found “IQ” had no effect on the persuading power of propaganda. Tests made two months afterward showed that the persuasion was slipping; tests made six months later, however indicated that much of the effect was still evident.
University Mails Yellow Slips To 2035 Students . . . And the yellow peril descended, striking fear into the hearts of 2035 members of the student army, mowing down exactly half the stalwart regiment of rhinies . . . One thousand, nine hundred, forty-six freshmen marched undaunted into battle, but exactly 973 received yellow slips when they were mailed over last week-end, according to figures obtained yesterday from the Dean of Men’s office.
New Art Staff To 5px Hames Winners Interested Co-eds Qf Contest
Sense of design, originality of ideas, and desire for advertising experience were listed as qualifications for co-eds entering the newly organized art section on the Exponent advertising staff by Doris Jane Hen-
negar, chairman.
Any co-ed interested may try out for the work. Miss Hennegar explained. Freshman women who have had applied design courses, or coeds with knowledge of lettering, will be given first consideration. The work will cover the drawing and composition of advertisements. A meeting for all interested will be held Saturday at 1 p. m. in the Exponent office on 5th street. Bill Brewer, Bib Pyke, co-ed editor, and Miss Hennegar will meet the group. “The work is a fascinating combination of a fascinating activity and valuable, enjoyable personal experience,” stated the present ad-de-signer, Miss Hennegar.
Winners of Sigma Delta Chi’s best writing contest for the week preceding spring vacation are Exponent Writers Donald Ter'rio, ChE ’40, and J. S. Brown, EE ’39, and Engineer scribe W. J. Hai’ris, ChE ’40, according to an announcement made last night by SDX President Hugh Forster. Six articles printed in Exponent’s I'azz edition won Terrio his prize, while Brown’s story about the baseball team’s trip to the South, and other work during the week, gave him a winning margin. Harris contributed “Builders Turn to Moulded Glass” to the Engineer to lead writers on that publication. Choice between a copy of Roget’s “Thesaurus” and a six-month subscription to Editor and Publisher is oft’ei'ed to the three journalists. President Forster said.
Junior Prom Queen Petition Deidline Set For Saturdiy Next Saturday is the deadline for accepting petitions for the position of Junior Prom Queen, members of the judging committee announced last night. A special box, labeled “Prom Queen Petitions,” is located at the west Union desk to receive nominations. Petitions for the honor need state only the name of the candidate, although the committee prefers to have a photograph of the co-ed included with each announcement of candidacy. All pictures will be returned to the owner. All Juniors Eligible No requirements are set up for the Prom Queen, other than that she be a bona fide member of the junior class. She may be nominated by any University student. Preliminary judging is scheduled for 8 o’clock next Monday night, when committee members will convene to choose the eight or ten most promising candidates in the field. These girls will be sked to report to the Union next day to pose for a group picture. Name the Queen The following Thursday, April 14, the judges will name the 1938 Prom Queen. Next day’s Exponent will announce the winner. “Poise, personality, and pulchritude” provides the triple standard for selection of this year’s queeir. Judges includue C. G. Elliott, J. H. Jacobi, Mary Jean Light, R, P. Manion, R. M. Sasser, F. T. Sheets, and Betty Ann Stewart. Beg Your Pardon . . . . . . Virginia Laramore was pledged to Gold Peppers, instead of Mary Jane Laramore, as erroneously reported in yesterday’s Exponent.
March Alumnus Features Open House, Gala Week “Back to Old Purdue” is the theme of the March issue of the Purdue Alumnus, and it is carried out in this Gala Week number by several stoiies featuring the University’s Open House the latter part of this month, from April 29 to May 1. Flaring forges, athletes in action, the house of magic, and livestock on display are only a few of the exhibits that will give alumni a reminiscent thrill at the University Open House on the afternoon and evening of April 29. This year for the first time, all schools are participating, and, with several hundred high school students expected in addition to alumni, there are reasons to believe that last year’s attendance record of 10,000 will be broken. A good appetite is almost a prerequisite for Gala Week attendance, for banquets— Ross, Alumni, Class, Loyalty, and “P”'Men’s—are to be the oi'der of the day. Loyalty certificates will be presented Sunday afternoon to alumni who have been out of school 25 years or longer. Other features of the March issue include a sports resume, outstanding campus events, and a section devoted to alumni club notes. Purdue Stamp Society Exhibits Works Today Purdue Philatelic Society will sponsor an exhibit of postage stamps in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building from 11 a. m. until 10 p. m. today. Henry Miller, president of the Philatelic organization, announced there will be no admission charge for the exhibit which will be open to all collectors and the general public.
Sarg Will Appear In Last Lecture Convo Tomorrow In “An Hour With Tony Sarg” this famous marionette creator will present a four-part show at 8 p. m. tomorrow in the Memorial Gymnasium as the last program of the convocation lecture series for the year. Opening the program, Tony Sarg will speak for 15 minutes about his personal experiences. A talk on marionettes and short demonstrations of several puppets will be given. A chalk talk followed by a skit will end the hour with Tony Sarg. In 1924 his fii’st book, “Tony Sarg’s Book for Children,” was published. He wrote several other children’s books which were published shortly afterwards. Sarg has drawn many humorous illustrations for various magazines. Tony Sarg also designs textiles, pottery, wall papers, rugs, and furniture for children. He is married and has one daughter, who is also interested in marionettes. Sarg will be the guest of honor at a reception tomorrow night in the main lounge of the Union following the convocation. Student Union officials announced yesterday. Refreshments will be served. Glee Club, Stewart To Give Program On Vocal Music Tonight Albert P. Stewart, University music director, will conduct the sixth of a series of 10 music appreciation hours this evening at 7:30 o’clock in the Memorial Union music room. He will talk on “Vocal Music,” using the Purdue Men’s Glee Club, to illustrate the lecture. The Glee Club, most popular musical organization on the campus this year, will provide music for half the program. Mr. Stewart will cover the following topics: use and execution of voice, division of parts in vocal music, and description 8f ranges in the voice.
Prof. H. B. Lewis Teachers Must Be Salesmen Says Dr. E. H. Parfitt
To Address AChS Prof. Howard B. Lewis, head of the Department of Biochemistry at Michigan University’s medical school, will speak at the April meeting of the Purdue section of the American Chemical Society, Friday evening at 7:30 o’clock in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. The talk will follow a banquet in the Union Building at 6 p. m. Dr. Lewis will explain the “Interrelationship of Sulphur Compounds of Biological Importance.” He received B. A. and Ph. D. degrees from Yale, and is a member of the Society of Experimental Biology and Medicine and of the American Society of Biological Chemistry. The Society invites all members and persons interested in the subject to attend the meeting.
Exponent Board Exponent’s electoral board—senior officers and faculty advisers— will meet in the Agricultural Experiment Station conference room promptly at 4:45 p. m. Thursday, April 7. —MANION,
“You’ve got to be a salesman to be a teacher—you have to sell your course to the students,” said Good Teacher Dr. E. H. Parfitt recently when questioned as to some of his instructional ideas and methods— after students had ranked him as among the best. “I have had no training' in how to teach. In fact. I’d really like to have some such training,” continued the popular dairyman. “But I do know that enthusiasm is important.” A Scientific Workman A scientific workman in every sense of the word. Dr. Parfitt, “Parf” to his friends, has been connected with the multifold dairy industry since graduation from Ontario Agricultural College just before the World War. Even in his war experience at Camp Mead he employed his agricultural training as supervisor of the milk and water- supply. Educated further as a student and instructor at the University of Maryland, as an assistant in the Bureau of Dairy Industry in Washington, D. C., and as a candidate for a degree at Iowa State, Professor Parfitt has never ceased to be a student.
To “Parf” the course he teaches must be more than intei'esting and enlightening: it must be practical— it must stand the acid test of the to-be-employer’s skeptical eye. For this reason Dr. Parfitt believes in research . . . the exact kind of research does not make much difference as long as it keeps the instructor up-to-date and keeps him interested. Commercial Contacts Important “Yes, I believe in keeping in contact with the commercial field,” said Parfitt, his hand resting on his stack of daily correspondence. “You see, I like to place as many of my students as is possible, and one of the best ways to accomplish this end is to know potential employers personally.” As for lecturing . . . organization can be overdone, he thinks. Outlines are good, unless they cause one to become too methodical and fixed in his ways. The student should have a brief outline of coming work at the start of the semester . . . then he knows what to expect. “In my lectures,” he explained, “I try to remember certain questions and problems that should be answered. On paper or in my mind, I outline these questions, then cover
their answers in lecture.” Opens Exam File In his attitude toward examinations, Dr. Pai'fitt has been a pioneer. To him, an exam is a review, not a trap or stumbling block in the road to success and passing knowledge of the course. For this reason he has long held his files open to all comers . . . students at any time may look through the examinations that have been given for the last 10 years. “I like more friendly relations between students and faculty ... I want to talk over final examinations with my students after the test is taken.” “If possible, I would favor the institution of a comprehensive examination for fourth year students,” he continued, looking ahead. “Just a friendly session with men other than those who have been daily instructors. These men would ask of students the things that experts in the work expect young grads to know.” Compulsory Attendance? No “Why not have the faculty punch time clocks?” was Professor Parfitt’s reply to the question of compulsory class attendance for upperclassmen.
He feels that classes should be interesting enough that men want to attend. If the student thinks that he can get more by going elsewhere for the hour, leave the decision with him. Recognized throughout the country as an outstanding authority in his field, Parfitt was called to Chicago this week to referee an argument between health authorities and milk processors. Likes Golf, Books, Research He* likes golf, bowls some, and he seldom misses a University convocation ... is a devoted reader, and probably likes research as well as anything. He is an especially good conversationalist . . . keen, alert, with brown eyes snapping,. . . students like to drop in at Parf’s office ... he likes for them to come. Interested in successful graduates as well as students, he keeps in contact with his former students, making available to them the latest information. He’s 41, but you would never guess it. Though he combines a variety of attributes to spell success as an instructor, important is his self-di-rected question, “Did that student’s apprenticeship, under me, prepare him for the job he is going to do?”
Approximately eight yellow delinquent slips were mailed to eds for each one assigned to a co-ed, although the percentage of eds and co-eds receiving slips formed a ratio of less than two to one. Of the whole student body 36% were struck. The three upper classes fared better than the freshmen, with 1062 delinquencies, or 29% of the upper class roster. Men received 937 of these, co-eds, 125, or 31% of upper class eds and 19% of upperclass co-eds. In the freshman class 124 co-eds and 849 eds got yellow slips; or 38% of co-ed freshmen and 52% of male rhinies. These figures do not relate to the actual numbers of yellow slips issued, but are computed from lists of students so informed of scholastic delinquency. Many of these receved more than one delinquent notice. Wafer Supply Men, Health Officers To Convene Tomorrow Relation of the national conservation program to water supply problems of Indiana cities and towns is one of the principal subjects scheduled to come before the state’s water supply operators and public health officials this week. They will meet at the University tomorrow and Friday for the 31st annual convention of the Indiana section of the American Water Works Association opening for a two-day session. John L. Ford, of Wabash, will preside over the sessions which begin at 9 o’clock tomorrow morning in the Memorial Union Building. A general invitation to attend the meeting has been issued to all Indiana citizens interested in water supply, sanitation and public health matters. Annual Dinner Public relations, licensing of the water plant operators, and the use of water for air conditioning are among the topics that will receive Attention on the opening day of the session. The annual dinner at 6:30 will have as speaker Harry E. Jordan, of New York City, national secretary of American Water Works Association. The second day’s program will be devoted principally to improved methods of water treatment and other matter connected with the operation and maintenance of water supply plants. A round table discussion by operators of six Indiana plants will close the meeting Friday afternoon. Dr. Allen Will Show Bird Films Tonight Dr. A. A. Allen, noted ornothologist of Cornell University, will give a lecture on “Hunting American Birds with a Microphone” at 7:45 p. m. tonight in Fowler Hall. He will show sound motion pictures to illustrate his talk. The movies which he will present have ci-eated interest among bird enthusiasts because they are the first and only recordings of their kind. They include shots from all parts of the country.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Rain over state Wednesday and Thursday, Warmer in south portion Wednesday. Colder throughout the state Thursday. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 51; low, 31; mean 41.Hjh ^ •*'
i».^»iJvli!H’t*»«S^S|«^W^>
■»!' tii-l
*4
£dijttfuaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
diumiA.
Wednesday, April 6, 1938
Marriage Course Needed... (Daily Illini) Repeatedly in these columns we have emphasized the necessity of wholesome and accui'ate information on the vital matter of sexual relations. We have said that an alarming number of persons are amazingly ignorant of an aspect of life that is perhaps the most universal of personal problems. We have stressed that the real solution lies, more than anything else, in each individual’s developing the right attitude. We have welcomed the valuable work of Mrs. Margaret Wells Wood, who is leaving the campus after nearly a month of public appearances, group discussions, and personal conferences on this problem. We have welcomed also the resolution of the Student senate requesting University authorities to institute a course in marriage. The senators made that resolution only aftei a comprehensive survey of student opinion on the subject—a survey which proved, beyond all shadow of a doubt, that the gi’eat majority of sudents feel the need of such a course. Out of the 1,044 Illini who were reached, only 36 said they did not favor such a course. In other words, 96 per cent of this sizeable proportion of the student body advocated its adoption. Surely no proof of the necessity of adopting a course in marriage could be more definite or more conclusive. This splendid survey of the student senators was not only a referendum. It was also a study of what Illini thought such a course should includue. This will furnish the University administrators a sound and definite basis for its content. Undoubtedly the most important single factor that will spell the difference between success or failure of such an experiment in social hygiene is the personnel of the teaching staff. The instructor plays a leading role in every course, but in this case he assumes even more importance than usual. This is because the subject is delicate, intimately personal, and surrounded by a fog of mid-Victorian prudery and surprising ignorance. The instructor must possess an unusual amount of poise, tact, insight, and knowledge. It is impossible to place too much emphasis on this aspect. If the University makes this much-needed addition to its curriculum, it must therefore exercise unsual discretion in picking the instructors. Persons of the Margaret Wells Wood type should be sought. To permit greater freedom of discussion there should
the Purdue Exponent
g^ggodnted jltcan
Entered as second class matter at the post oSice in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Elesslon. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $8.60.
Editor-InrChlef
Business Manager
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
CO-ED STAFF Editor Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor „J. E. Brock Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Sophomore Assistants—R. J. Deckard, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, R. L. Keck, W. A. Kroeplin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. 'Terrio, G. A. Torrence, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan lx>cal Advertising Manager.... . . R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager. M. C. Reeves SPORTS STAFF Editor R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors . J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Wltwer MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 Night Editor—Hardin Issue Editor—Deckard Wednesday, April 6, 1938
be separate sections for men and women. Male instructors for men and female instructors for women would seem advisable. The senate’s resolution for a course in marriage and the valuable information gathered by its survey are now in the hands of University administrators, who will decide on the fate of this proposal. It is to be hoped they will see eye to eye with the senate. Students have voted almost unanimously for this far-sighted curricular innovation. The contents of the course has been clearly indicated by the senate’s survey. There can be no question as to the advisability of its adoption.
collegiate
Secretary of the Interior Harold L. Ickes, in a talk before the Association of Ameiican Colleges, said last week that education is an indispensable tool of democracy and that “the real threat to all democracies everywhere is Fascism.” Criticizing the present procedure of colleges, Mr. Ickes said that they have been taking the young men and^ women of Ameiica and have been making out of them ex-football stars, budding “men about town,” bond salesmen and “just engineers just doctors, and just lawyers.” “A social outlook, a sense o± obligation to the state, coupled with a willingness to serve the state, ought to be inculcated in every youth,” he .said. “The colleges have themselves to thank for the sporadic ‘Red-hunts’ to which they are subjected,” he said ... “I cannot escape the conviction that . 1 . if theie were more concern about turning out socially trained men and women the ‘Redhunts’ would be lare indeed.” “The leal trouble with so many of our iaculties,” he concludes, “Is that . . . too many of our professors become recluses.” * r < < An official bulletin of the San Jose State College ranks love as one of the 10 commonest causes for students flunking out in their examinations. Time is given as the only cure. ifi ^ ^ Aroused Montana State University students charged recently an invasion of their rights of self-gov-ernment after demands of the musicians’ union that students be paid union wages while rehearsing for a college musical comedy. They were forced to abandon their spring show. The students had gathered $400 for stage effects, but claimed they had no money to pay salaries. The union declared that all student musicians must sign up and receive a union wage for leheai.sal and production. >*• < siMost engineering students are deficient in written and spoken English, says Dean Harold Pender, of the Moore school of engineering at the University of Pennsylvania. “This deficiency must be corrected immediately,” he said. “A committee has been appointed at the university to form an ‘awkward squad’ to take this type of student and give him a real drilling in English.
Gregory Addresses Ice Cream Hikers Ice cream makeis from Indiana’s dairies heard Prof. H. W. Gregory, chief of the University dairy department, outline and explain a program inaugurated by Purdue, for the general improvement of the state’s ice creams yesterday at the opening session of a three-day conference. Professor Gregory explained that ice cream makers who wished to cooperate in the project could send in samples of their products and have them analyzed and rated by University men. Reports, according to Professor Gregory, could be sent to the dairymen telling the faults of the ice creams and recommending remedies. Twenty-five attended the opening session yesterday, and 40 to 50 plant managers, superintendents and foremen are expected to attend later sessions. Other speakers yesterday included Professors K. V. Bryan, B. E. Horrall, E. H. Parfitt, and R. E. Roberts, of the* Purdue staff, and C. A. Watts, of Swift and Company, Chicago. Newman Club . . . . . . will hold its regular breakfast, Sunday morning, in the St. Maiy’s school hall following 9:30 mass. The club invites all Catholic students and faculty membeis to attend the breakfast.
Freshmen Will Choose Queen At Green Potters Ball Next Saturday (tight It has been decided by the general committee for the Green Pottei’s Dance this Saturday to choose a freshman queen at the dance. The queen will be chosen by the couples attending, and will be announced at the intermission. The queen is to lead the Giand March. Petitions foi queen must be filed at the -west Union desk by 5 p. m. Friday, April 8, it has' (been announced by Green Potter President Gibson. The candidates must have the signatures of ten freshmen affixed to the petition.
“Good Reading” published by the national Council Teachers of English, offers one dollar apiece for short description of books accepted for publication in the new (sixth) edition of the publication. The booklet lists hiore than one thousand books all recommended leading by the intelligent layman. Descriptions, miniature reviews of any student’s favorite book or books in from 10 to 60 words in length are asked. Manuscripts should be double spaced on white paper with the student’s home address added. Persons whose reviews are accepted for publication will receive checks during the summer. Prof. J. H. McKee of the English ’‘Department will give further information and receive manuscripts up to May 1.
*5TCA nieonsik Student Tourist (or Third) Class Association' For details, inquire S. T. C. A. Department HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE 318 No, Michigan Ave., Chicago, 111.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By LicHty
WHOOPS! And comes to us a tayle about vacation days which seems to be typical of a lotta cases so we’ll print it as an example of what not to do during the holidays . . . Sig Eps Werst and Frank Lewis went to Evansville . . . you know, down on the old Ohio . . . and they whooped it up in true Sig Ep style. They were out every night until the dawn and then didn’t get up after they went to bed until dusk . . . just in time to start out again. But the best part of the whole story is the dames they took out. The story goes that each boy put out his pin on two girls during the week . . . and got it back in time to show it (the pin) to the brothers upon return. Lewis was fish enough to put out his fraternity ring too . . . But on still another gal. The best penalty day story with its accompanying award goes to John Dietrich of the speech staff . .. who forgot to attend his class. Now when a teacher fails to make his class on a “money” day that’s news. We think he oughta hafta pay five bucks for every student who took enough pains to be there when John wasn’t. In the mail comes a new design for a heading for this column . . . from Aurora, 111., with nothing else in the envelope but the design. It shows two Negroes being very very BOLD and very BLACK. If the unknown artist will reveal himself, we will have the drawing made into a heading . . . cause it ain’t had.
LIFE OF FISH, THE FROSH Little freshman on the hook. To the village for a book. Pretty women, nifty day. Little Freshman feeling gay. At a window, Freshman stops. Takes a look at all the clocks Sees a poster which makes him look “We help you clean your pocketbook.” T-Square, board, and drawing set too; ' Newest pipes . . . Tie Cob Foo. Sign your name on the dotted line, “Send your gal a Valentine.”
‘My next job tvill be a federal offense. I can’t stand the food in these state joints!”
“Hi there, Dottie!” Whatdyaknow? Class next hour?—No?—Let’s go!” Poor green Freshman, almost broke. To the sweetshop for a coke. Kuchinsky, ’40.
Five sons have been sent to the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis by John G. Crommelin, Alabama planter. The fifth and the youngest son entered the academy this fall.
ARC
TODAY & WEDNESDAY
HtSTESS
WILLIAM GARGAN JUDITH BARRETT WILLIAM HALL
—<nd—
SAGEBRUSH SOGKERODI Peter B. Kyne's^ oni mm JOSTICE
ttarring
Charles Starrett
—Also— ‘RADIO PATROL’
No. 2
LUNil All This Week RED-BLOODED
'adventure roaring I out of the unI tamed West! Romance and melodrama that keeps a-tingle!
.^EDDY
Starts Tomorrow DOUBLE FEATURE
Here’s Oncj'for Your Funnybone! VICTOR MOORE in “THIS MARRIAGE BUSINESS” — Plus — “DEAD END” with JOEL McCREA SYLVIA SIDNEY
— LAST DAY— “Always meanest when she loveJ tLe mostT* Bette Davis
JEZEDEE
A WARNER BROS. PICTURE with HENRY FONDA GEORGE BRENT
THURS. — FRI.
w^*^^BRIICf fimm yieacr,5'fV
►
Wednesday. April 6, 1938
THE PURDUE
Spo*dA
EXPONENT
Prominent Grid Coaches To Talk At Annual Clinic All phases of football will be covered during the annual Purdue Football Clinic which will open in a two-day session here Friday. Among the outstanding features of the meeting Will be the discussion of six man football by Franklin M. Reck, member of the national rules committee for the game. Talks will also be given by Gus Dorais and Frank Thomas, outstanding college coaches, who will discuss passing and offensive work. The Boilermaker football squad will be used throughout the clinic. Group work consisting of demonstrations by the candidates for the various positions—centers, tackles, ends—is to be held in order to give the coaches an opportunity to watch the different methods of instruction and ask questions or make suggestions. To Show Plays The squad will also demonstrate some of the best plays which Pete Cawthon, Texas Tech coach, saw in the southwest last fall. An inter-squad football game in Ross-Ade Stadium between picked Purdue elevens will climax the final session. This game will give several men who are trying for berths on the ’38 Boilermaker eleven an opportunity to show their skill. Outstanding among these are Jack Brown, sophomore back, who played excellent ball against Indiana last fall, and Lou Brock who threatens to become a regular fixture at right half. Blondy Johnson, substitute left guard on this year’s team, is also showing up well in practice and is expected to be in Saturday’s contest.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Beta's Defeat DU's In B' Semi-Finals
FRATERNITY BASEBALL Today at 4 p. m.—Practice Games Diamond ’ 1— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Kappa Sigma 2— Delta Chi vs. Alpha Tau Omega 3— Pi Kappa Phi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 4— Sigma Pi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 5— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Sigma Chi. 6— Delta Tau Delta vs. Delta Upsilon. 7— Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 8— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Acacia. 9— Theta Chi vs. Phi Gamma Delta 10—Kappa Delta Rho vs. Sigma Alpha Mu.
BASKETBALL Today—7:00 (Final Game) Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Beta Theta Pi —Aronson-Mangas. Class ‘B’ Basketball—7:15 (Final Game in Co-op League) Luma vs. (Bastille or Chauncey) Reservations Required For Use Of Tennis Courts Beginning today, students who wish to play tennis must reserve the court beforehand at the main locker room in the Fieldhouse. Students desiring to make reservations must call in person, as no reservations will 'be accepted by telephone. Receipts will be issued and must be presented at the court to receive preference. Courts may be reserved for one hour periods between the hours of 1 and 6 in the afternoons on weekdays and between the hours of 6:00 a. m. and 6:00 p. m. on Saturdays and Sundays. Intramural competition will be given preference over all other reservations.
Tennis Team Faced By Tough Schedule; 5 Veterans Report Although tennis prospects are none too bright for a successful season in view of an exceptionally formidable schedule, five veteran performers will be available for the 1938 Boilermaker racquet squad. Tennis men will open the season against the Indiana State Teachers here April 18. With plenty of experienced men available to build his squad around. Coach Larry LaBree is hopeful of making a stronger showing m Intel collegiate competition than was made last year. Boilermaker veterans who will return for action this year include Captain Morrie Wakefield, Ferris Traylor, Leon Gardner, Charles Mann, Thomas Jackson, and Leo Brodsky. Among the newcomers, a pair of sophomores, Herbert Fuente and David Blitz, stand out as having the best chance of earning posts on this year’s combination. The complete tennis schedule for the year follows: Year’s Schedule April 18—Indiana State at Purdue. April 22—Western State at Purdue April 23—Northwestern at Purdue April 29-30—Quadrangular meet at Bloomington, Ind. (Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, and Purdue) May 3—Kentucky at Purdue. May 6—DePauw at Purdue. May 7—Purdue at Butler. May 13—Purdue at Michigan. May 14—Purdue at Armour Tech. May 19-20-21—Big Ten Meet at Northwestern or the State Meet at Eailham.
AT PURDUE IT’S THE EXPONENT
RESULTS
Buying newspaper space is not unlike buying a new suit or a new dress. You get out of that suit just what the manufacturer puts into it. So it is with a newspaper. The advertiser gets out of his newspaper advertising just what he puts into it. Hit and miss advertising brings some results, but a steady, consistent reminder of your name and merchandise will do much more. For student trade, use the EXPONENT!
PURDUE EXPONENT
Riveters Take Third Place In Billiard Tourney The Purdue quintet of billiard artists won third place in the annual Intercollegiate Straight Rail Billiard Tournament last week with a score of 314. Cornell managed to retain the Noble Kizer cup with a score of 399, but Wisconsin followed closely behind with a score of 395. Buffalo came in fourth with a score of 306 and was trailed by Iowa State with a score of 305. Indiana had a 285, followed by Florida with ■^254. Illinois and Brown tied at 218 each, Bowdoin made a 209, and Utah scored 137. Rochester and Pennsylvania withdrew their teams at the last minute. i The Purdue team consisted of two veterans, 0. H. Steed and Leon Dailey, in addition to Lee H. Reith, John Bieese, and Robert Belding. Aliiniii Officers Attend Columbus Conference There is a need at universities for faculty members who are interested in students as individuals. Dr. W. H. Cowley, of the Bureau of Educational Research at Ohio State University, said in an address at the American Alumni Council conference, held last week at Columbus, 0. Eth Baugh, executive secretary of the Purdue Alumni Association, and Mary Chandler, assistant secretary, attended this, the twenty-fifth annual meeting of the council. The conference was in session from Maich 29 to April 3 and was held in celebration of the silver anniversary of the council at its birthplace, the Ohio State Campus. “Education of Undergraduates in Coming Responsibilities to Alma Mater” was the theme for discussion at the final conference session.
FRESHMAN BASEBALL There will be a meeting of freshman baseball candidates in room 107, Men’s Gymnasium, at 4 p. m. today. Equipment will not be necessary. C. S. DOAN, Freshman Baseball Coach.
Meet Pi Kappa Alpha Tonight In Final Round Of Inter-Fraternity Basketball Tournament With Steve Gutting, stellar forward and varsity trackman, leading their offensive attack with a total of eight baskets, the big Beta Theta Pi fraternity basketball team defeated Delta Upsilon 36-24 in the semi-final match of the class “B” tourna-
ment last night.
The Beta quintet will meet the Pi Kappa Alpha squad tonight to determine the winner of the class “B” championship trophy. In a previous game between the two fraternities, Beta Theta Pi won by a score
of 32-20.
Last Period Drive During the first half of last evening’s contest, the DU netmen were able to block the Beta offensive drive and succeeded in holding the score to 18-13 at the end of the first period. The superior weight and height of the Beta team showed to greater advantage during the last half of the contest and enabled them to score 18 more points while holding the rapidly tiring DU team to four baskets and three fouls.
C-1 Defeats E-l In Overtime Contest Battery C-1 of the Purdue Field Artillery won the battery basketball championship for freshmen students by a 26-25 overtime victory over Battery E-l, according to an announcement made by Lieutenant Colonel Pickering. The ROTC tournament was finished before spiing vacation but results were not announced until yesterday.
Overtime Affair
In the final game with E-l leading by one point in an overtime, Klein sank a field goal for C-1 to win the game. As less than a minute remained to be played, the winners stalled the remainder of the time to climax the final game of the tour-
ney.
C-1 became eligible to compete in the finals by defeating E-3 in the semi-finals and by licking A-1 in the pre-season game. Battery E-l got to the finals by dropping B-3 in the semi-finals and S-4 in an earlier game. Each battery had a team in the tourney but a majority of the teams were eliminated before the final round. Other teams that finished in the final round but faltered in their initial games are H-3 and
H-2.
Award Gold Medals Members of the championship team will be awarded gold medals and a citation, and the runners-up will receive silver medals and five merits. Other team membeis will receive one merit for each game in which they participated unless this number exceeds five merits. Awards will be given at Corps Day next week to all members of the .squads. The members of the championship squad who will receive the awards are W. J. Klein, A. B. Williamson, R. Meyer, W. F. Silcock, D. E. Redmon, M. Swaha, A. M. Rinker, W. P. Thompson, and T. F, Mumford. Battery athletic officei who coached the squad is Cadet Second Lieutenant'S. G. Luther.
Order Now
WHETHER IT BE: BACHELOR OF SCIENCE MASTER OF SCIENCE DOCTOR’S DEGREE Marty Schreyer and Clem Woltman will be glad to take your orders. If they do not contact you, stop in the bookstore and leave your order and Marty and Clem will still be given credit for your order.
SOUTHWORTH'S BOOKSTORE
Women’s Athletics Baseball Baseball practice for intramural and class tournaments will begin today at 4, and will continue on tomorrow at the same time, in the Women’s Gymnasium. Intramural tournaments will start Monday, April 11, according to Elizabeth Maier, head of baseball. “All girls should have at least one practice before the tournament so the team mangers can pick their teams” she also said. Phi Kappa Sigma . . . social fraternity announces the initiation of the following: W. G. Wright, Winneth, 111.; Paul Merkert, Fort Wayne; R. H. Miller, Fort Wayne; S. R. Hies, Gary; G. A. Knapp, Hinsdale, 111.; C. E. Geise, Elmhurst, 111.; W. M. White, Elkhart; K. H. Strickler, Shaker Heights, O.; and Jack Quinn, Chica-g-o, 111.
—^Today— 11:00—American Institutions, Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts For Fai-m Folks 12:15—Sports Review, Bob Heine. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Wanita Wilson, soprano. 1:00—Meditations, Rev. Joseph Gleason. 1:15—“I Want a Job.” 1:30—The Monitor View the News 1:45—Market and weather reports. 2:00—Asher Booth, baritone. 2:15—This Week in Literature, A. R. Rolfs. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—Hymn Echoes, Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 3:00—Home Decorator. 3:15—The American Scene. 3:30—Music With the Masters. 4:00—^Reflections. 4:15—Melody Moods. 4:30—Baseball Pi'eviews. Prof. K. W. Meisner Will Speak Today Prof. K. W. Meisner of Frankfort, Germany, will speak this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Physics Building lecture room on the subject “Atomic Beams as a Source of Spectral Line.” Professor Meisner is well known for his important contributions in the field of spectral analysis. His studies of the light emitted by atoms of the alkali metals have added considerably to knowledge of these metals. He has discovered independently a method of investigating the light emitted by elements of temperatures of only a fe\!(f' degrees above absolute zero without the use of complicated apparatus. Prof. Meisner will speak today on these studies and obsei’vations.■“’•'b^‘^ «», ‘^m»'
•Xacat (Ha.
IWMWIIlilllllllT^^ ) bM}»tf»-r*KiT«rt3tif^“(ftiMr-^K«tt‘ft'r»iWt*iFf'r *n^».r*«jt. t:*»^wrtHrt a
wn-a’MHS-^ts ■swum
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TloiicttA.
Wednesday, April 6, 1938
NYA Employes Participate In Varied
Activities; All
neVi,
V work for the present semens ter stops May 26, according: to recent announcement fiom the Dean
of Men’s office
Settins of this sliehth premature date has been deemed necessar> in order that payroll checks ma> be issued before the end of school Although the last pa> period is shortened in actual da>s. all silipervisors ha%e been gnen pe|mission to let students work extra time to make up their full assignment
Promise Checks
State N't \ officials ha\e promised to ha>e all pa^roll checks readj for distribution here b\ June 6 \bsoibing Pin due’s monthlv al lottnunt of $6,465, theie aie 620 student \'\ A. woikeis who put in about 15 000 houis of woik each pa^ peilod—not doing the menial and unskilled w 01 k thev aie populai h belK\ed to do but getting piaiti cal expellencc while being aided in the fields of highei education Accoiding to G R Shaip, diiec toi of NA A activities at the Uni\ci sit\ people too often get the im piession that NYA students because the\ need the money to go to school, woik onlv on such tasks as wmdow'^ washing flooi sciubbing, and wall
cleaning
Onh 10 % Manual Labor In iealit\, howeiei the 520 men students and 100 co eds on the Pui due NYA payioll get not more than 10 pel cent of their pay foi manual laboi as Shai p points out Lni\cisit\ depaitments have then own NA A staffs each of these dc paitnients is benefited bt the woik which in mam cases would othei wise necessaiilv go undone foi lack of funds Then, too, students in nlan^ pioiects aie making it poss ible foi the Univeisity to cany out Its le^eaich piogiam on a laigei scale and speed up ceitain pieces of incestigation to a helpful degice M ork J2 Hour Month YA A students i eceive fioiii 10 to 50 cents an houi woik an aieiage of 32 houi s a month Some how e\ei get in as many as 45 houis while the aveiage pay is about 35 cents an houi Needy students find occupation in as iiiant as 400 sop aiate Puidue pioiects N’T' A students woikiiig in the ag iiCLiltuia] depaitments ha\e mant inteiesting tasks to peifoim Since eaily last fall seveial of the stu dents have been exei cising stallions teaching cahes to lead and bieak ing colts to lead and woik in hai ness The fiist of this month 10 stu dents weie placed on night duty to aid blood maie« duiing the foaling season This is the fouith consecu ti\e \eai students have been “nuise maids’ foi the bi ood maies while thex aie in matei nity waids, and Lnlvelslt^ specialists feel thej have leason to believe seveial colts have been saved because of student help being available at the light
time
■ lys aie making adding machines lacing maps, leis of insects, and i the faim man- , 4 H club, agii ng, entomology, lepai tments Grand Laet's Get Tops Percheron Horse Sales Two stallions siiedbyGiandLaet, a Pcicheion sue on the Puidue University faim fiom 1930 to 1935, topped two 1 ecent hoi se sales of this bleed Giandee II, stallion, sold foi $775 at the Lynnwood Faim sale at Cai mel, Ind This three year old male was the highest sellei of 24 imported hoi ses At the McNaii sale in Ghicago, 111 , Km Laet, also sued by Grand Laet, sold for $910 Kin Laet is a two year old and sold at the highest puce of any of the 50 American and impoited horses.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C F Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
LOST—Pail of rimless glasses Front of Union, 7 30 p m Thursday, Maich 17 Call Ralph Zalkan 2305
NOTICE—Organization building site, side hill State Street, high lot, extensive view, convenient location, 185 ft South Salisbury, 99 ft State Street Paved alley Price $3,500 Save this ad Phone 3465 Grace L Oswalt
WANTED TO TRADE--Used cai any make, for late model motorcycle Keys, 305 Salisbury
NOTICE—Will student who is wearing blue plaid pants and vest and black pl^id coat please call 4081
FOR SALE—Tuxedo Suit Bai gam Gray suit and giay topcoat Phone 41102
RENT A NEW—Royal Portable Typewriter by the week oi month Call 6477 Deckers 518-20 Mam Street
FOR S ALE—Tuxedo, size 38 In good condition Phone 45361
TENNIS RACKETS RESTRUNG —Juneman and Aimoui gut 24 hour service Weast and Stiassei, 606 Columbia
• the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G.REISNER
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
• Professional The Risk Dental Clinic DR PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR LUTHER A RISK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
• Locksmith
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock service onr specialty. L. C. N. Door Closer Distributors 208 211 N 5th St Phone 2828
Auto Rental
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE Across from Methodist Church 'WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
• Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN • Beauty Studio • EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co ed Special Thurs - Fri KEENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Mam Phone 7727
Duncan Museum Gets 1898 Voltmeter From W. 0. Haymond, EE '01 Duncan Memoiial Museum m the Electiical Engineering Building, recently received a “Wood” voltmeter fiom the Indiana General Seivice Company, Mimcie W O Haymond, EE ’01, district managei of the company, was responsible foi the gift This instrument was made by the Foit Wayne Electiic Corporation, and was dated June 16, 1898 The signature of Thos Duncan, who at that time was m chaige of the calibrating laboratory of the Ft Wayne plant, IS on the back of the base ol the voltmeter The mstiument is of the non vane type commonly used 40 years ago for indicating direct current voltage It lb about a foot m diametei and mounted on a white maible base
“Of Thee Singr” Cast: All rehearsal clothing will be removed from the checkroom Wednesday, April 6 Will you please get them before this date —WOOD
Airport Dance Committee: Meeting m the Union at 7 'IS p. m 'Wednesday, April 6 Inquire at desk for room —MORGAN.
one night a week in the east side Exponent office between now and elections (4-10) —PYKE
Silver Mask There will be a meeting at 7 30 p m Wednesday, April 6, in room D of the Union All actives please be present ■ —MATTHEWS
PSA. Meeting Wednesday, April 6, at 7 30 p m in room 2 of the Union All members are asked to attend Public is invited —MIRKIN
PIA Beginners’ Dance Class: Next regular class meet Wednesday, April G, at 7 p m in the Union ballroom —OLYMER.
Glider Club Open meeting in room B of the Union at 7 15 p m , Thursday, April 7 —MOORE
Playshop Publicity: Members of committee and othei 3 interested please report to Fowler Hall at 4 p m Tuesday and Wednesday April 5 and 6 —JUILLARD
WAA Baseball. Tryouts Wednesday and Thursday, April B and 6, at 4 p m in Women’s Gym The intramural tournament will start Monday, April 11 -MAIER Green Potters Ticket Committee: Meeting at 4 p m Thursday, April 7, in room D of the Union Important that all mem bers be present —NEWHAGEN
PIA Beginners’ Dance Class: Seventh beginners’ dance class will be given Thursday, April 7, at 4 15 p m in the Union ballroom —CLYMER
All-Campus Wrestlers. Winners in tournament may get then medals at the intramural office —CLEVETT Pi Tau Sigma Formal pledging at Pi Kappa Alpha house at 7 30 p m on Thuis day April 7 —EICHHORN
Green Potters. Decorations committee meet Wednesday, April 6, in room F of the Union, at 4 p m —ELLEY
WAA Tennis. Girls desiring to play in the doubles tournament must sign up in the Women’s Gymnasium Friday, April 8 Each waid and sorority should have at least two players Games will start hext week Courts will be resolved aftei school each evening for girls playing in the tournament —WALKER
Independent Staff. Shoit meeting Wednesday April 6, at 7 p m , in the PIA office in the Union Building Editorial staff attend , —MEACHAM
PEW All ficshmcn and sophomore women taking required work in physical edu cation must register for a spring activity by 5 p m Wednesday April 6 —HAZELTON
Fraternity Preside'nts’ Council Meeting Thursday April 7 at 6 p m at Sigma Pi house —WHITING
Tnton Club Important business meeting of the Triton Club Wednesday, April 6, at 4 p ni in Miss Schwehn’s office Election of officeis will be held so all members must be present —WALKER Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Thursday evening April 7, at 7 30 p m in the Union Building Room will be announced later. —WADLEIGH
WSGA Executive Board Regular meeting Wednesday April 6 at 7 45 p m in office —STEWART
CE 62 An examination for the removal of conditions will be given Satuiday, April 9 from 1 to 4 p m in room 206 of the Civil Engineering Building —PETTY
Union Workers Will girls’ committees meet in Union office anytime after 2pm Wednesday, April 6 —CROSSMAN.
Notices
No Nu,
I Atlir ( pj
Playshop Publicity Committee Those interested in working on this committee report to Eliza Fowler Hall Wednesday, April b at 4 o clock -BERGMANN
Horticulture Society Meeting in the Hor ticulture Building Wednesday April 6 at 7pm —SMITH
Union Workers Sophomores and freshmen please repoit to ballroom, April 6 at 4pm —CABONARGI
Exponent Juniors, Sophomores Please see bulletin board at either Union or LaCay ette office for important announcement con eeining elections —MANION
PEW Girls interested in a course foi life saving examiners which will be con ducted by Red Cross next week April 11 to 16 should sign on bulletin boaid in the Women s Gymnasium —RUSSELL Alpha Lambda Delta Impoitant meeting Wednesday April b, at 7 15 p m in Memorial Union Building Inquire at desk for room —MOUNCE
Plying Club Meeting Wednesday April fa m loom 1 of the Memorial Union Build ing at 7 30 p m SKINNER
Eta Kappa Nu Pledges: See me immediately Important (4-8) —HALE
Alpha Zeta Important meeting in Agriculturist office in Memorial Union Building at 7 30, Wednesday, , April 6 Both pledges and actives must attend —UNDERWOOD
Sophomore Exponent Co-eds All soph omores are asked to please spend at le ist
WAA Badminton- The following games should be played Wednesday, April 6, at 4 p m J Rennik vs E Teeter, M Schnaible vs E M Dell plane, V Beck vs M Johnson, and R Jackson vs I Boehm. The following games will be played on Thursday Apiil 7, at 4 p m J Morris vs V Roderick E Seifres vs N. Phillips, J. Home vs. 3, Davison, and J Cook vs M L Hickman —CAMPBELL
i
- W-fi-:-
First for refreshing mildness —first for pleasing taste and aroma that smokers like --only cigarette about which smokers say ""They Satisfy** The mild ripe tobaccosgrown and aromatic Turkish —and the pure cigarette pape^ used in Chesterfields are best ingredients a cigarette can have. They Satisfy,
Copyright 1938 I it ec 11 Myers Tobacc o Co.