m
It gyi^ 7 j- -jU . ■fJ't »4.
Dr. Fenske Will Speak On Oil At Meeting Of AChS Dr. Merrell R. Fenske, professor of chemical engineering at Pennsylvania State College, will be the speaker featured at the January meeting of the Purdue section of the American Chemical Society, to be held next Saturday in room 106 of the Chemistry Building at 4:00 o’clock. After the address, “A Chemist Looks at Petroleum,” a dinner in hondr of Dr. Fenske will be held at 6:00 o’clock in the ballroom of the Union Building. Dr. Fenske, who is now in charge of the Petroleum Refining Laboratory and director of the Division of Industrial Research of the school of chemistry and physics at Penn State, will discuss special distillation and fractional extraction equipment and the technique used in separating petroleums into different hydrocarbons or classes of hydrocarbons. He will discuss also the composition of several petroleums. The Purdue Section extends its invitations to everyone interested. Dinner reservations must be turned in to C. L. Shrewsbury, at the Ag Experiment Station Building before 4:00 p. m. this Friday. S. Miles To Speak On Hybrid Corn As Part Of Ag Conference What strains of hybrid corn are best suited to grow in your community or locality? S. R. Miles, of the agronomy department, will answer this question next Tuesday afternoon at 2:30 in Agricultural Hall by giving the results of his experiments with different hybrids at eight points in Indiana as a part of the annual Purdue Agricultural Conference, January 10-14. In these hybrid coin experiments all of the Indiana stiams and many hybrids from the other corn belt states were included. The discussion of hybrid perfoi-mance will include yield, quality, and adaptation as measured pimcipally by matuiity. By means of these tests Miles will present for the first time an actual comparison of the diffeience in matuiity between the various hybrids according to individual number oi pedigiee. Beeson To Talk On Corn Following this discussion, K. E Beeson, of the agronomy extension division will discuss “AdapatedCorn Varieties.” Beeson wil linclude a report on the latest experiments and demonstrations with the newer varieties of oats, wheat, soybeans alfalfa, and lespedeza. Chemist Downs Choice Liquors New Years Eve By Dorothea Justin The chemistry department never rests. Even on New Year’s Eve, erudite Purdue chemists conducted research work. One man who holds a high plaOe on the campus, kept his scientific eye out even at a party and weightily did research in bio chemsitry. That’s how he tells it, and he requests anonymity. “Delicious port,” began his evening, and brought up the question of whether people got sick from mixing drinks or from amount of alcohol consumed. Three 'Qmall glasses of peach brandy were next mixed in his capacious stomach. Shocked, someone assured him he would be sick, which only spurred him on to further effort. Scotch highballs, some choice sherry, and a stein of beer were next downed. The world looked pretty rosy, according to the research worker, so he tried three fingers of whiskey. “I felt fine then, and felt fine the next day,” ended the great unknown chemist. What a man!
Purdue Exponent
WEDNESDAY Jonucxry 5, 1908 Lafayette, Bitfiona VOL. 49 No. 82 ^
Indiana Home Economics Association To Meet Here Twenty-five years of growth and progress will be celebrated by the Indiana Home Economics Association with a special program Thursday, January 13 ,during the Purdue Agricultural Conference, in progress from January 10 to 14. A business session in the morning will start the activities; during the annual luncheon at noon in the ballroom of the Union Building, Mrs. Marie Catell, of Lafayette, accompanied by Mrs. E. A. Blea'kley, will present a program of violin music. Special recognition will be given 25-year clubs, 100 percent counties, and past Master
The Weather
Forecast for the State: Fair Wednesday and Thursday; little change in temperature. Local Temperatures: Monday, at midnight to Tuesday at 10 p. m. High, 40; Low, 20; Mean, 27.
Farm Homemakers. Band To Play In the afternoon, the University Symphonic Band will present a program in the gymnasium. Following this, an album, featuring the past presidents of the organization, all of whom are living except Mrs. Virginia C. Meredith, who served as president from 1913 to 1916, and Mrs. Rainey McCoy who served in 1926, will be presented. Music appropriate to the year of service will be provided by Eve Robertson, violinist, and Kathryn Merritt, accompanist. Also on the afternoon’s program will be music by three county choruses. Immediately following will be a tea in charge of the past presidents to be served in the gymnasium. The evening’s program will consist of music by farm women from 30 counties in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium. Approximately 800 women will take part. Beekeepers Arrange Three Day Conference Here January 11 Beekeepers and faimers of the state interested in beekeeping will hold a three-day conference at the University during the Annual Agiicultural Conference, January 1113. Seasonal management an dimpiovements in agricultuial practices will be the leading topics foi discussion. Prof. R. H. Kelty of Michigan Agricultuial College will explain the best methods of seasonal management in Indiana apiaries in a series of three talks at the conference and J. E. Starkey, chief apiary inspector of Indiana, will discuss the trends and future of beekeeping in the state. Othei speakers on the program of the beekeepers’ conference will include: L. R. Stewart of Newport;^ president of the Indiana State Beekeepers Association, Ross B. Scott of LaGrange, who operates one of the largest apiaries in Indiana, Benjamin J. Wilkins, of Traders Point, well-known beekeeper and assistant state bee inspector, A. J, Thomas of the C. M. Scott Co., of Indianapolis, and G. E. Lehker, extension specialist in Entomology, and B. Elwood Montgomery, assistant professor of Entomology, both of the University. Rohyans To Review National Convention Highlights of the 1937 National Student Federation of America conference held in Albuquerque, N, M. last week will be present to the Student Senate by President Rohyans at an open meeting this afternoon at 4 p. m. in the Senate office. Rohyan’s review of convention events will include a few words on honor systems, stimulation of stydent body by student senate, part played by student senates in orientation, and student senate and the curriculum. Open forum as sponsored by student senates, student senate and the college paper, student senate and college athletics, student senates from a national standpoint, ^nd international student services will also be discussed. Rohyans, Purdue delegate to the convention wishes to publicly thank Exponent Editor R. Paul Manion, for his thorough cooperation concerning the 1937 convention of the NSFA.
Kidd, ME Senior, Dies After Long Illness Funeral services for Roger Kidd, victim of streptococcic infection, were held in the United Brethren church, Mt. Zion, December 31. The 20 year old mechanical engineering senior died December 28 in the St. Elizabeth Hospital. Burial services were held in the Jones cemetery at Mt. Zion. He is survived by his father, Bascom Kidd, Wichita, Kans., and a grandmother of Warren. He resided at the home of H. C. Cole of West Lafayette, and was registered in the University from Warren.' Appoint Committees For '38 Junior Prom At the second meeting of the ’38 Junior Prom Committee last night in room C of the Union Building, the following committees were appointed in preparation for Prom: Tickets—Robert Ruth. Booths—Fred Baase. Programs—Bill Smith. Flowers and Chaperons—Martha Whitehead. Decorations—Sully Mason. Banquet—Stubby Meier. In connection with the arrange- | ments for the orchestras, W. A. Bodden, auditor of the student organizations, IS scouting the field for the best available bands for the latter pait of April. Speech Group Eleds Monroe Vice President At Annual Convention . Dr. A. H. Monroe, of the speech department, was elected vice-presi-dent of the National Association of Teachers of Speech, at the twentysecond annual convention of the organization held at the Pennsylvania Hotel in New York city during the holidays. M. D. Steer, director of the Purdue speech clinic, who presided over the session concerning speech correction, E. K. Jerome ,also of the speech clinic; J. E. Dietrich, theater manager, and H. Kenn Carmichael, director of dramatics, attended the convention. Dietrich and Carmichael spent some of their time while in New York witnessing the major theatrical productions on Broadway. Zouave Order Initiates 29 Pledges, December 17 Purdue Order of Zouaves initiated 29 new men at its formal ceremony in the Armory on December 17, 1937. Prior to that date the men had been pledges for about six weeks, during which period they drilled almost nightly at the Armory, and carried wooden rifles to all their classes, getting active members of the Zouave Squad to sign them. The new initiates are: G. E. Bapmle, E. L. Blakslee, A. Botsford, J. A. Clark, W. M. DeWitt, C. J. Echterling, J. W. Flett, B. Gibson, L. Hess, C. L. Hobbs, R. W. Huffman, R. W. Jerram, R. F. Jones, F. Leverette, R. Luthi, R. C. Meleney, R. F. Miller, B. H. Morgan, E. E. Plummer, G. E. Posson, T. Sollitt, L. Stallwood, F. Starshak, R. A. Stull, P. Swisher, L. V. Teeter, R. Wagner, C. Woodhull, and R. C. Zimmer.
Prof. Poorman Asks Students To Report Conflicts In Finals Tentative final examination schedules have been posted in all campus buildings for the past three weeks, notifying the students that finals begin Wednesday, January 19 at 1 p. m. and extend until noon Friday, January 29. “The students should report their conflicts to their respective instructors before this Saturday,” Prof. Poorman, chairman of the semester examinations stated, “as the tentative programs will come down then and the revised list will be posted about Wednesday of next week.” Semester classes end January 18 at 5 p. m. Registration for the second semester will begin February 1, and the second semester classes will start February 3. Schlundt Will Make Housing Survey Check-up At P!A Union Office Today Check-up on progress of the Exponent, PIA, PSA housing survey will be made this afternoon when students engaged in the canvassing report ^ to PIA President Bob Schlundt at his Union office with all completed questionnaires. The houses already visited in the survey will be checked on a large map of West Lafayette and the work of the canvassers planned with this map as a guide. Alpha Ph^ Omega joined forces with PIA and PSA workers yesterday afternoon in furthering the drive to obtain information concerning every student rooming place on the West Side. Schlundt said last night he expected a large turnout of canvassers for today’s house-to-house investigation. Indiana Scores Seven Points In Overfime To Beat Illinois, 51-46 Indiana’s Fightin’ Hoosiers scored seven points in an overtime period last night to defeat last year’s cochamp mini at Bloomington, (IndJ) by a 51-46 tally in the first Big Ten basketball game of the season for both teams. Indiana lead 22 -16 at halftime, but the Illinois cagers came back in the second period to tie the score, 44-44, at the end of the regulation game. Johnson and Andres of the Hoosier team shared high point honors for the evening with eight field baskets and two free throws each, while Dehner paced the Suckers with seven field goals and two charity tosses. At one time in the second half Illinois worked up to a 41-34 lead. The summary follows: Indiana (51) B. F. P. Johnson, f 8 2 0 Dorsey, f * 0 0, 0 Platt, f . 2 2 2 Birr, c 3 0 0 Ooley, g 0 0 0 Huffman, g .114 Andres, g 8 2 3
Two Bands Will Play For SDX Boilermakers' Brawl Eight Page Exposer In Tabloid Form To Carry Two Pages Of Candid Camera Pictures As Added Feature Bemie Young’s 14-piece colored orchestra and Bud BryanUs campus band will co-star at the Boilermaker’s Brawl replacing the Riveter’s Rassle in the Union ballroom a week from next Friday night, January 14. Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, sponsoring the Brawl, announced two pre-dance contests last night. Four complimentary tickets will be awarded in contests for dirt and pictures.
Candid Camera Shots For the first time. The Exposer, Brawl publication, will be printed in tabloid form and will carry two pages of candid campus pictures. It IS for these picture^ that free tickets will be awarded. All pictures submitted will be eligible for printing, and the two judged best will will for their owners, free ducats to the dance. Two tickets will also be awarded for the best bits of dirt turned in for The Exposer. As usual, one copy of the paper will be passed out to each person irl attendance. Pictures and dirt should be turned in to Sigma Delta Chi president, A. H. Forster on or before Saturday of this week. Negatives will be accepted. Tickets at $1.99% each go on sale today. They may be secured at Deac’s, Southworth’s, the Union desk, and from Sigma Delta Chi members.
Dr. Young Elected Economics Head Dr. E. C. Young, professor of Farm Management at the Umversity, was elevated to the presidency of the American Economic Association at the annual meeting of the association last week in Atlantic City, N. J. Dr. Young, the 26th president, has been active in the affairs of the association for a number of years, serving as vice-president in 1934, and acting as chairman of the Committee on Credit for several years. He also was a frequent contributor to the journal of the society, the Journal of Farm Economics. Dr. T. K. Cowden, also of the University faculty, accompanied Dr. Young to the annual meeting.
Prof. Babcock Emotes To Miniature Class Taking Shakes peare Courses
Totals Illinois (46) Hapac, f Boudreau, f Bennis, f Lasater, c Dehner, c Nisbet, g Frank, f Wardley, g Davies, g Totals
22 B. 3 2 0 0 7 5 0 1 0
7 F. 3 2 0 0 2 2 0 1 0
18 10 11
Exponent Board All elected members of the Exponent staff \^11 meet with faculty advisers in the conference room of Agricultural Hall at 4:46 o’clock Thursday afternoon, January 6. —Manion.
By Jim McKee “English 45 is the most interesting and enjoyable class I have ever attended,” said Bill Johnston, one of the six members of the newly formed Shakespeare class. And why shouldn’t Bill be enthusiastic about 45? It’s a sure three hours of B if you attend regularly and take the final. The course was designed to give Purdue students a broader knowledge of Shakespeare, not as a course to be a drudge to students. Not Dry Shakespeare It’s not dr;^ Shakespeare; it’s interesting Shakespeare read by Prof. R. W. Babcock. “And he’s a swell reader. I like his emotional punch,” said Bill. “I haven’t had to read anything yet. Bab reads all the plays and dramatizes them. The first month
he lectures about the Elizabethian. period and the Shakespearian stage. The background was as good as the plays. “The best thing about the class is the informality. Bab reads and we interrupt and ask questions. It’s 0. K.” Class For Upperclassmen This popular Shakespeare course IS open to any upperclassman, but the course does not carry credit toward a teacher’s license. The first semester Prof. Babcock reads tragedies and the second, histories and comedies. The plays that will be read this coming semester, however, are the same as were read the first. The second semester course is 46. “When someone mentions Shakespeare, we don’t want Purdue students to think only of the Notre Dame football player,” said Bab.
Haywood Company To Print '38 Debris Contract for the printing and the publishing of the 1938 Debris was awarded to the Haywood Publishing Company of Lafayette, yesterday. Haywood’s bid was the lowest of the four bids submitted. Last year’s low bid was $4800, but this year’s contract is $2100 higher. The increased cost is due to the fact that the 1938 books are 20 per cent larger than last year’s and more books are to be printed. By word of contract, the ’38 Debris will be out a month ahead of the time that last year’s book was released. Seniors may get their cuts at second semester registration. Each book delivered to students last year cost $4.71 and this year’s expenses are even higher than those of last year. The difference between the $4.00 paid by the purchasers and the total cost is supplied by organizations whose pictures appear in the book. Kappa Dance Saturday Lou Schilling will furnish the music for the second Kappa Kappa Gamma winter formal dance to be held Saturday night from nine to twelve. It is to be a Snow Ball Dance, and the house will be decorated in white to carry out the snow theme.
PSA Closes Semester With Tonight's Meeting The last meeting of the PSA this semester will be held in room B, of the Union Building, tonight at 7:15 p. m. The meeting was called mainly to make a formal presentation of the report of the National Convention held at Vassar College, Poughkeepsie, New York, from December 27 to 31. The report will also include the presentation of the Student Swing Song, written especially for this convention. A secondary feature will be the reading of a one-act satire on Student Alliances. New officers for the coming semester will be elected, therefore the entire membei'ship is urged to be present.
Registration Helpers Students who wish to work for the Registrar at the second semester registration, February 1 and 2, will please call at the Registrar’s office and fill out an application blank sometime this week. Those with preious experience at registration^ or at other clerical work are preferred. R. B. Stones
A m V-THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, January 5, 1938
is4f
There Isn’t Much...
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
P^sotmted (jfollcjiate ‘jltcgg
time till finals, but there are a number of kudents enrolled in the University who don’t care. They either have exemptions cinched in most of the courses they are taking and expect to pass the others without difficulty, or are flunking everything so flat that an examination would be but a clowning insult. These fellows—and girls—can go to the movies every night of the week. They can play cards till all hours. They can bull the nights away till finals and sleep the days away during finals. Their minds are at ease. But the minds of the greater majority of us are at ease, too—too much so. So far as we’re concerned, exemptions are like _ star sapphires or tickets to “I’d Rather Be Right” —we don’t have ’em. And what’s more, we’re sitting in the shadow of the sword in almost all our courses. But finals are all of two weeks off—aplenty of time—yaaaah! Of course it doesn’t mean much that most of our finals will count from one-fourth to one-half of our final grade in a course, that’s all our laboratory labors may have to be repeated next semester when we flunk the lecture part of a course by the “D” final exam method. Many of us have done it before and will do it again. What matter it when we graduate? Dad’ll only have to dig a little deeper into his pockets to send us through school another year, or we’ll just have to work another summer to buy crackers for another year of lamin’. However, a few wise ones will climb on the ball starting now. They’ll study up in all their courses, begin boning early for their finals. They won’t spend their money at movies, lose their money at cards, or bet their money away in bull sessions. They won’t risk the chance of Dad not being able to dig deep enough or of having to eat crackers for an extra year. In fact, they’ll have enough foresight to realize that they do want to graduate on time. They’ll study hard during the next two weeks and during finals, and, when all the shooting and shoutin’s over, they’ll have succeeded in passing everything. And a lot of us will envy them and wonder
Entered as second class matter at the post office m Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $8.60.
RBPRE8BNTEO FOR NATIONAL ADVERTlStNO DY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Refiresentattve 420 Madison Ave New York. N. Y Chicago - Boston - Los Angeles - sah Francisco MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St, Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief
Business Manager
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor J. E. Brock Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H I Stanback, D R. Vance Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager National Advertising Manager Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager
J P Girard W. J. Gillilan R. R. Hensler M C. Reeves
Editor Associate Editors
CO-ED TAFF Mary Cooley,
Elizabeth Pyke Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
Editor Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF R P Obenchain J S Brown, R L. McDonald, B D Witwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it, unless otheiwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-otr-inchief.
Night Editor—Bailey Issue Editor—Insley Wednesday, January 5, 1938
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
The SDX Boilermaker Brawl sounds like it may be sumpin! There’ll be two bands . . . Bernie Young and Bud Bryant.
how they did it when we didn’t and face the prospect of another semester (or two, or three) in some course that has bored us stiff since September. —J. E. B.
By Mary Cooley
This IS the story of the honest professor. Anxious to clear the good name of one of his ancestors who was in a Hanover police court March 1, 1664, he sent the Board of selectmen of Hanover, Mass, the sum of 83 cents to pay a 273-year-old fine. Local busybodies got to work and figured that the professor owed the town about $10,000 in back interest. He hasn’t paid it—the interest— yet. Who says “Honesty Pays?”
A professor at Carnegie Institute of Technology in measuring the decibels of sound in the men’s dormitory found that between 5 p. m. and 12 midnight, the average noise level was 112.1 decibels, or the “equivalent of two riveting machines or a sustained roll of thunder.”
An electric eye detects late-com-ers to physics classes at St. Thomas College. Even while the Professor’s back is turned, a person can’t slip in undetected, for he must cross the light beam and when he does, a gong clangs.
The owner of the most perfect feet of any sorority coed at the University of Oklahoma wears shoes of a size 6%-A. The girl whose feet were judged most perfect among the independent entrants wears 6y2-AAA’s.
Iowa State College has protested sharply to the United Brewers’ Industrial Foundation against the use of the college’s name in a pamphlet recently released by the group. It was written by a graduate of Iowa State College.. Authorities are now afraid the college will be associated with foundation’s beer campaign through the use of its name as alma mateii of the author.
Not so long ago The Indiana Daily Student earned a story concerning the reputed royal ancestry of a freshman in the university. After it was too late to remove the article from its columns, The Student learned that it had been made the victim of a one-man hoax. The next day the editor took special pains to inform the readers of his publication “that the royal branches on the ‘baron's’ family tree merely had been grafted on by the ‘baron’ himself.”
Wednesday, January 5
11:00—American Institutions, Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks, Glenn Sample. 12:15—Social Security Talk. 12:20—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Sports Review, by Bob E Heine. 12:45—Wanita Wilson soprano. 1:00—Meditations, Rev. Wm. McFadden. 1:15—Vocational Guidance — “Music.” 1:30—^The Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Market and Weather Reports. 2:00—Lafayette Grade School Program. 2:15—This Week in Literature—A. R. Rolfs. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—Hymn Echoes—Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 3:00—The Home Decorator. 3:15—The American Scene. 3:30—Music With the Masters. 4:00—The Story Book Hour. 4:15—Marjory Starrett, soprano. 4:30—^Better Vision. 4:45—Louis Lind, pianist.
Mary Coulter To Address Art Clubs In Union Friday
Today
Women’s Pan-Hellenic Meeting: 4:30 p. m. in room D, Union. New Testament Meeting: 7 p. m. in room C, Union. Religious Council Meeting: 7 p. m. in room A, Union. Eta Kappa Nu: 7 p. m. in room F, Union. Camera Club: 7 p. m. in tower room. Union. Horticultural Club: 7 p. m. in room 202, Horticultural Building.
Tomorrow Tau Beta Pi Dinner: 6 p. m. in reception room, Union. Bible Class: 7 p.m., room C, Union. Kappa Delta Pi Meeting: 7 p. m. in room A, Union. Adult Education Meeting: 7:30 p. m. in faculty lounge. Union. Western Conference Debate: 7:30 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Lafayette Music Society: 8 p. m. in music room. Union. ^
Mis. Mary J. Coulter, painter and lecturer well known in artistic circles, according to T. Garland, Union vice-president, will be in Lafayette tomorrow and Friday, and has consented to address the members of the Lafayette Art Association and Art Club in the faculty lounge Friday evening at 7:30 o’clock. All University Students and faculty members who are interested may attend.
And we hear the annual edition of the “Exposer” will be bigger and better than ever... since it’s turped tabloid to picture campus scandal.
rt looks like the Brawl will sucqessfully replace the Rassle.
We didn’t make any resolutions the first day of the New Year because we wanted to wait and see what resolutions we really needed to make.
After several hours of acute concentration we’ve made the following: (1) We shall not malig'n any pel son’s chaiacter unless it deserves maligning. (2) We shall refrain from printing news about pin mergers unless there is something unusual concerned with the event. (The things are getting too common). (3) We shall print all of the news that’s not fit to print anywhere else in the paper. ,
That oughta give us plenty of leeway in putting out a colyum.
And speaking of resolutions . . . heie aie a few some of the campus shots might make: Tom Graham—“I shall remove the large pictme of Bartlett from my desk so I can get some studying done.” Art Siebenthal—“I shall do my best to sell as many Debris as possible in Older to cover the extia high cost of printing this year.” “Red” Rohyans—“I’ll continue to go down popularity road by bringing more and more conventions to Purdue.” Purdue Eds—“We’ll continue dating Purdue co-eds ONLY when we can’t get imports.” Purdue Co-eds—“We’ll continue dating Purdue eds . . . period.”
Well we haven’t broken our resolutions yet ... or have we?
“I thought I’d better call you in for consultationfind out if he can pay his bill.”
-I’d like to
By Sally McKee
Today—uses for the fork-—othei that IS than conveying food to the mouth. For the past two weeks we have been having a good bit of cranberry jelly with our dinner as a “tasty.” All during the year we have applesauce, baked pears, and peaches, or mint jelly—used for the same purpose. Now all of these things should be eaten with the fork. As one grows up fewer things of the diet remain to be eaten with the spoon. Ice cream itself is eaten with the spoon but that ice cream served with pie is to be consumed with the fork. The fork is to be used in buttering all foods subsequently to be eaten with the fork, a piece of baked potato or a bit of squash—^never use the butter knife for this buttering job. And the cutting of soft articles— because nothing is worse than to
TWO Good to follow . .
RULES
6'lnch STEEL RULE 25(
Now — for the first time, —an accurate, low-priced rule!
This Accurate SLIDE RULE 25c
Stainless Steel. Semiflexible. Calibrated by 32nds and 64ths. Decimal equivalent tables on back. This simplified steel rule eliminates 31 of the 64 graduations from each inch of the old style 64inch scale. Calibrations conform to uniform blue print practice.-
Approved and recommended by prominent Universities, School Boards and leading Trade Schools. Full instructions for solving problems in multiplication, division, circumference, areas, squares, cubes, and proportions stamped on back. Nickel silver sliding indicator glides smoothly and reads accurately.
Kresge 25c to $1-00
—STARTS TOMORROWDOUBLE FEATURE
masm
see someone struggling with cutting something heavy with a fork. But it IS unnecessary to trot out the knife to cut carrots, or a single lettuce leaf, or a bit of sweet potato.
Intramurals
BASKETBALL
—Today— Court 1—Dougherty
7:00—Ward 2 vs. Ward 17. 7:15—^Ward 10 vs. Cary Hall 1. 8:25—Ward 9 vs. Cary Hall 4. 8:40—Ward 6 vs. Ward 4.
Court 2—Mann
7:00—Ward IIB vs. Ward 1. 7:16—Ward 12 vs. Ward 7X. 8:26—Cary Hall 6.vs. Cary Hall 2. 8:40—Ward 12X vs. Ward 11.
Court 3—Gale
7:00—Ward 13A vs. Ward 13B. 7:15—Cary Hall 5 vs. Cary Hall 3. 8:25—Ward llA vs. Ward llX. 8:40—Ward lOX vs. Ward 13C.
TUES. AND WED. MARX BROS. Groucho, Chico, Harpo
“A Day at the Races” with ALLAN JONES, MAUREEN O’SULLIVAN A Sam Wood Production and TOM KEENE
‘God’s Country and the Man” also Jungle Serial
-TODAY—
ioT the whole family
4
aWednesday, fanuory 5, 1938
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Netmen Prepare For Big
Ten Opener With Chicago
The victorious Purdue net squad arrived home yesterday noon from the western trip, and immediately started practice for the opening of their Big Ten season this Saturday night, when they meet the Chicago five in the Windy City.
In practice Piggy stressed of-
fensive plays, giving the boys a good w^orkout against a team composed of reserves. About the middle of the afternoon he left for Bloomington, to watch the Illinois-Hoo-
sier contest.
Maroons Have Experienced Squad Chicago, the Gold and Black’s first Big Ten opponent, is more or less of an Unknown quantity. With six major and two minor lettermen back from last season, they have an experienced squad. They have not shown much power in pre-sea-son games, but sometimes these early matches are poor indiciators of a team’s real power. Several Maroon sophomores have shown up fairly well in games so far this season. Foremost of these is Dick Lounsbury, tall center, who is giving Paul Amundsen, regular center, plenty of competition for
the jump position.
The Maroons suffered a lost in the person of Bob Fitzgerald. He received a side injury while play ing football last fall and ,was ad vised J)y the team physician to forego basketball this season.
Trackmen All trackmen will attend a meeting this afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 107 in the Fieldhouse. —PHILLIPS.
LAST DAY-
—STARTING TOMORROWTHE JONES FAMILY
“Borrowing Trouble” —and— PETER LORRE “Thank You? Mr. Motto”
—LAST DAY—
rSmm * NUcWURRW ■null
—PLUS— First Pictures of the Bombing of the U. S. S. Panay.
-STARTING tomorrowfrank MORGAN
in
“Beg, Borrow or Steal”
Badminton Squad Meets Veteran Illinois Team
Purdue’s new badminton squad, ^ill hold its first meet at the Fieldhouse January 15 against an experienced Illinois squad. The meet may include the use of a faculty team, depending upon the number of Illinois players making the trip. Bad news came with the close of the Christmas vacation when it wak I6arned that “Goldie” Goldstein, one of the most promising aspirants to the varsity, may be unable to
play against Illinois on account of
a shoulder injury. The squad has been working out every afternoon from four to six in the men’s gym. Student coach Billings announced the beginning of official tryouts in the.|orm of a round robin tournament, to'continue until a suitable first 10 has been selected. Any experienced badminton player who desires to try for the team should report at once to Coach Billings.
WM Volleyliall
Finals in the first round of the WAA volleyball tournament are being played in the Women’s Gymnasium this week.
League winners will meet this afternoon to determine the champion for the first round. The following league winners will compete: League 1, Ward 2; League 2, Alpha Xi Delta; League 3, Chi Omega; and League 4, WRH North.
Nine Vets Included In
'Punchy's'New Team
All but a couple of placements must be made by Coach Maxwell in the Purdue boxing team that will meet some of the best glove throwers of this region in the Lafayette American Legion annual Golden Gloves show that begins on January 25 at the Lafayette armory. With some cf the best boxing equipment and training quarters at his disposal, “Punchie” Maxwell is fast rounding out a well-balanced fighting group of Purdue sluggers. He has nine veterans of the amateur ring with which to work with, and is confident that these, as well as his novices, will more than remind the fans that Purdue is well represented in the ring. Two In Each Class Maxwell is intending to use two men in each class. Four of Punchie’s men are well-known lads in the conversation of Lafayette boxing circles. They are Steve Bacharach, Wilmer Hardesty, Lawrence Lyles, and Wilkinson, who won the 112 lb. class championship in 1934 and then retired from competition. He is returning this year, wearing the Purdue colors in the 118 pound class. Steve Bacharach is one of the mostfeared 160 pound men that has ever gone between the ropes of the Lafayette Armory. Lyles is the 1937 champion of the light heavyweight class, having upset the powerful “Sock” Kurtz in the finals last year in a seat-grip-ping battle. Hardesty is a heavy favorite to,retain his title as 126 pound leader, but upsets are frequent in the Golden Gloves. In the heavyweight class Maxwell will shoot Fred Ramputi and Badet against the “big-boy” field. Ramputi, a novice last year, showed remarkable ability although he lost in the finals to the defending champion, Gilus Lowe, of Arnbia, in a terrific battle. There will be eight bouts, one in each class, in the new Fieldhouse during “Open House” at the University next month.
High Scorer
Piggy Gives Lowdown On Holiday Trip To Coast
Inaugurate Rifle Practice For Eds
Johnny Sines, dead-eye Purdue forward, who is leading Indiana collegiate net scorers so far this season), with 108 points.
Sines^ Young Lead Hoosier Scoring
Johnny Sines is at present leading the Hoosier point race on the hardwood with 108 points, while “Brig” Young, his running mate, is a close second with 107 markers. It has been Sines ability to connect from the 17-foot line that has placed him on top of the scoring ladder, as he has converted 20 bread line heaves. Gene Anderson, the Lambertmen’s pivot man, is a good fourth with 88 points.. Sines has been a regular for the past two campaigns, having played off and on during his sophomore year. John is gifted with large hands that enable him to handle a basketball with the ease of an average person fingering a volleyball. This enable him to flip the leather with apparent ease. John is a senior in the school of physical education and is a member of Delta Upsilon fraternity. He
played high school ball at Jeffei’son and West Lafayette high schools, having "graduated from Jeff, as did his teammates Young and Dickin-
MR. MERCHANT:
The codfish lays a million eggs, "Vij ’ The barnyard hen but one. The codfish doesn’t cackle To show what she has done. We scorn the modest codfish, The cackling hen we pri^e, Proving, that, without a doubt, IT PAYS TO ADVERTISE.
^Le jf^urdiie Exponent
Advertising Phone 5038
By Joe Dolan
Another intramural sport will be inaugurated this Friday when the first meeting for men interested in rifle marksmanship will be held at 4:30 o’clock in roorn 104 of the Fieldhouse. John F. Holmes, a member of the board of directors of the National Rifle Association, has consented to be instructor and to help in the organization of a rifle club. Meetings will be held Tuesday and Friday from 4:30 until 5:30, and rifle practice will be held on the newly constructed rifle range under the locker rooms in the basement of the Fieldhouse.
Lessons Will Be Given It was decided to start the organization, with a series of lessons. Later it is planned to organize a riflery club, with club members being made into squads which will enter intercollegiate competition. The intramural department plans also to hold ward and interfraternity meets within the next month or six weeks. No Rifles At First Meeting At the first meeting of the club this Friday rifles will not be necessary. It will be necessary for students to furnish their own rifles, as the intramural department has only two rifles available. Only .22 longs will be allowed. All students’ rifles must be inspected and appi’oved before they will be allowed on the range. Anyone who is interested in marksmanship should be sure to attend this first meeting Friday.
With the Purdue Boilermakers or “Basketmakers” forming a background, we cornered Ward Lambert Purdue’s congenial hardwood boss, and peppered him with questions concerning the Western trip taken during the holidays on which the Gold and Black travelers trounced Denver University, Southern California, and UCLA. When the Boilermakers went into the Southern California contest, they were facing a team that had just returne^l from a jaunt through the southland, where they spread terror by capturing eight straight games. Lambert ^tated that the Southern California lads had a very noticeable height advantage on the Purdue club, and to top it off the floor on which the ball games were played in Los Angeles was composed of a stiff cardboard material which deadened the di-ibble somewhat. Follow-In Shots Dangerous “Piggy” related that the Westerners were dangerous in their fol-low-in shots because of their height advantage, especially Vaughn, who managed to get eight buckets when they tangled with the Boilermakers, the majority of his digits coming from tip-ins. Lambert seemed quite gratified with the actions of the western fans, as he said the crowds were quite non-partisan. The officials, although a bit more technical than the mid-western whistle musicians, had no “kickable” faults. We questioned him on that old altitude bug-a-boo that the Denver and other newspapeimen w'ere sending out, and Lambert replied that the altitude did not seem to affect his lads, and the wide difference in the score also indicates, the same. The belief of the Western sport experts was that the Boilermakers, used to playing in low regions when compared to the Denver heights, would become short-winded due to a less amount of oxygen in the atmosphere at higher altitudes. lU Game Interesting As far as |the Indiana five’s appearance on the coast, Lambert said that the Hoosier-Southern Cal game was interesting, as the close score indicates. “The Southern Cal lads were “off” on their shots during the Indiana game,” said Lambert. He went on to say that there has been no agreement between Purdue and the Western schools concerning futui’e contests.
Eastern Fencers
Prove Too Strong For Boilermakers
In the first invasion of the East ever made by a western fencing team, the Boilermaker squad came out on the short end of the scoring in each of the four meets played during their holiday trip to New York City and Newark, N. J. In the opening match with St. John’s University, in New York, the Boilermakers were nosed yout 9^ to 7%. Myron Stepath, fencing in his third intercollegiate match, showed up especially well in this match and continued his good performance throughout the trip. In the series of four matches Stepath broke even. Traveling to Newark, N. J. for its second fencing meet, Purdue lost to Seton Hall 10-7 in another close contest. Diaz Cetrulo, New Jersey Intercollegiate champion, was a member of the Seton Hall team, but did not fare so well, as both McWilliams and Reynolds defeated him. NYU Wins, 13-4 The New York University team handed the Boilermakers the worst setback in winning 13-4. However, the New Yorkers are National Intercollegiate champions and the Gold and Black fencers can feel proud to |iave scored the four "vicories in this meet. Art Levin won both of his epee matches against the champs. In the final match the City College of New York downed Purdue 11 to 6 to complete the whitewash. Reynolds looked best in this meet when he won two of his three matches. The seven men who made the trip by car were Scott McWilliams, Carl Hoffman, Bill Reynolds, Art Levin, Bob Meier, Jim Seaborg, and Myion Stepath. These men will fence against Illinois here Saturday at 2 p. m. in the opening Big Tfen meet.
■:P" M.
, •«
m\
If
I
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesdoy, January S. 1938
M Noses Out West
Side Red Devils, 25-21
Hig-hh fT\oiod JofF Bioncho managed to eke out a 25 21 victoiy ovei ^^'e'^t Side’s Scailet cageis last night in Jeff eAui Although on the shoit end ot the hnal tally, the Red DcmIs aa^e the East Sideis a scale in the list ptiiod that mi£;ht have pioxed fatal had time peiniitted Stall n, on tlie low end of a 15 to (-1 scoic in thi. Eiiid quaitei the Pe^lI■' undti tlu guidance of Noinian E II hied th u wax up topiact calh lie the Bioncs at 21 20 Tough '-hooting luck in the second half xxas all that kept Jeff from being on the long end of a big scoie
Social Organizations Contribute More Than In Past Years
Unix'eisity fiateimties and soroiities contiibuted moie to the Tippecanoe County chapter of the Red Cioss duiing the lecent loll call than at any time in the past, Mary Rosebeiiy, chaptei secietaiy, lepoited lecently Fiateimties sent in $144 in niembeiships and soioiities $35 against a total of $115 39 last year. These gifts weie in addition to Chiistmas paities and many othei events of a public xvelfaie natuie conducted by these 01 ganizations as pait of then progiams each yeai Miss Rosebeiix piaised the xvoik of the fiateimties and sororities highly in then suppoit of the Red Cioss and othei community piojects
Sportswomen Sponsor Mixed Recreation Period
A mixed lecieation period foi coeds and then dates will ]^e held in the Women’s Gymnasium Fiiday evening fiom seven until nine. This meeting, which is being sponsoied bv the Puidue Spoitswomen, athletic honoiaiy, will enable couples to play badminton, deck tennis, shuffleboaid, volleyball, and any othei games that they desne
This meeting will be the fiist of a senes of Fiiday evening gathiings which will continue thiough finals until eaily spiing
Wesley Foundation Plans Bid Party For January 7
Wesley Foundation will conduct its Men’s Bid paity Fiiday, Januaiy 7 at 8 p. in in the West Lafayette Methodist Chuich The progiam will consist of folk games and dances, similai to those that weie featuied at the Scarecrow Dance earliei in the semester
Triton Club
Triton Club, co-ed swimming honoiaiy, will initiate candidates on Thuisday, January 6 at 7:30 p. m. in the Memorial Gymnasium. Georgia Walker, president, has announced that all piospective members who have not completed requiiements foi initiation may see Miss Hilda Schwen Thursday at 4 p m to pass tests
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C, F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
The Tilton Club was founded last yeai and is a division of the Women’s Athletic Association An impoitant activity this year was assisting the Dolphin Club to pioduce the Aquacade.
FOR RENT—Large single room. Phone 71861. Near campus.
LOST—Brown wallet with Rex Bostwick’s name, lost m or aiound the Union. Contains identification caid of I. Cohen. Call 46674.
Dance music will be furnished by a special oichestia undei the diiection of Bill McEachion Gioup singing of old melodies will be led by High Deale, and lefieshments wiU include ice cream and cake
“Old Piince,” a 22-yeai-old hoise of the ROTC stables at Ohio State Univeisity didn’t sow any wild oats; he just broke into the feed bin one night and ciammed down all the oats he could eat Next morning "-tomach trouble killed him
GRIN AND BEAR IT By Lichty
Gills to be initiated are* D. Bates, J Burton, M. Byers, V. Coan, J. Cook, M Crankshaw, M. Dicks, R. Dillingei, M. L. Dunlap, D. Eberhait, J. Fickel, I. Faisbeig, J. Geer, B. Granger, W. Gross, M. Graves, J Halmond, R. Hauptli, M Hagermyei, P. Heuring, M. M. Helm, M. L. Hickman, M Holton, E. Hunter, R Jackson, J. Johnson, A. Laugheed, M. Miller, J. Morns, K. Mounce, J. Ramsey, M. Reiman, M. L. Reiley, M. Schafer, M Seibert, B. Spears, M White, P. Zweiilein, E. Anderegg, A. F. Campbell, P Clymer, A
Densford
LOST—Red manila folder Tuesday, December 14 on Pierce street. Phone Melba Tooker, 41804.
LOST—Pi Kappa Phi j’eweled pin bearing name R B. Reed. Call 3904. Reward.
Notices
Mo Notices Accepted After 8 p.l
Riflery
WSGA Executive Board — Important meeting at WSGA office on Wednesday,
January 6, at 7 "IS p. m
—STEWART
All men interested in riflery, either instruction or practice, please attend meeting this Friday at 4:30 o’clock in room 104 in the Fieldhouse. —CLEVETT
Debris Cuts Available To: All fraternities, sororities, organizations, and publications who want cuts which were used in 1936 and 1937 Debris, call at Debris office in Union Building before January 10 —EHINGER
University Orchestra: Rehearsal January 9 at 7 p m in Fowler Hall —PHILLIPS
Chemical C Removals: Examinations for removal of conditional grades in Chemistry 1 or 2 will be given in room 101, Education
Building:, January 8, 1-4 p. m. All of those who received C’s In Chemist 1 or 2 prior to the school year of 1937-38 should attempt removal of the C on the above date Make application at Room 210, Chemical Building before January 8, 1938. —HASS. McBEE, TEST, ALLEN
WAA Fencers: Please be present January 5, at 4 o’clock —DANIEL
Badminton Players: Those already signed up for the round-robin tournament must begin match play at once Purdue meets Illinois January 16 A first team must be selected by then —BILLINGS
Alpha Lambda Delta: Meeting January 6 at 7 16 p m in room B in the Union Building —RANDALL.
Junior Chemicals: Anyone interested in entering the Hanley Speech Contest see me or call 7026 befoie January 10 —JACOBI
Junior Military: See Advanced Course Bulletin Board on Januaiy 6 for memoiandum on Distinguished Squad (166 mm howitzei) competitions —HAYFORD
Co-ed Ping Pong: These games must be played by noon January 6 Lockner vs Cook, Byers vs Stry, Hollingsworth vs Hoover, Reinann vs Rockford, Schilling vs M. Campbell, Ourand vs Plank, Boyd Mather vs Gablei, Meryitt vs. Randolph —BLANK
WAA Council Meeting: January 6 at 7 16 p m Please be prompt. —MERRITT
Glider Club: Important meeting in room D of the Union Building at 7 16 p m January 6 —MOORE
Independent Staff: Meeting January 6 at 7 p m. —MEACHAM
Better Housing Canvassers: Please turn in all completed reports to avoid duplications Survey will be continued at 4 p m on January 6 Meet in the PIA office —SCHLUNDT
WSGA Activities Committee: All girls interested in the activities committee for the second semester must report to a compulsory meeting either January 6 or 7 at the WSGA office at 4 p m —JONES
Activity Bureau: Will be closed until the beginning of the second semester —JACOBSON
Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting January 6 at 7 m in room F of the Union —HALE
Agriculturist Magazine: All staff members meet in office January 6 at 7:16 p.m. —KINGSLEY.
Camera Club: Meeting at 7’00 p m January 6 Particulais on traveling exhibit Be sure and come —SHOEMAKER
Plying Club: Meeting January 6 at 7 p m in the Union, Inquire at desk for room. Ship payments due. Nomination of officers will be held —CONWAY
AIChE: Open meeting January 10 at 7 30 p m in large EE lecture room Chaplan Tyler of DuPont will lecture on the pro-\ duction of ammonia —GRIFFENHAGEN
Scrivener: Please come to the office fiom 3 p m to 6 p m. on January 6 to got books to deliver —BOORD
PSA: Meeting January 6 at 7:80 p, m. in room B of the Union Election of officers will be held —MIRKIS
Horticulture Society: Meeting January 6 at 7 p m Pomologists will be in charge of the meeting Refreshments —FISHER
Student Senate: Important meeting at 4pm January 6, in the Senate office —ROHYANS
WAA Volleyball: Games to be played on January 6 At 4 00, Ward 2 vs Alpha Xi Delta, Chi Omega vs WRH North, Alpha Chi Omega vs Ann Tweedale 4 .80, Theta vs Ward 3 and 4, Pedalion vs Ward 1, Kappa vs WRH South —DOBSON
Lafayette Philatelic Society: Meeting January 6, 7 30 in room D of Memorial Union Plans for spiinfr exhibit to be discussed. —MILLER.
Sophomore Exponent Co-dds: Meeting January 6 in Union office at 4:16 Assignments for co-ed edition —PYKE
Union Workers: Oui committees meet in the workshop January 6, at 4 p m - MATTHEWS, GARLAND, HARPER.
Union Workers: My committee meet in the Union office, January 6, at 4 p m -JACOBSON.
WAA Riflery: First round of tournament January 6 , freshmen vs. sophomores, juniors vs seniors Freshmen at 7 30 p m , sophomores, 7 46 p m , juniors, 8 p. m.; and seniors at 8 16 p m —CHRISTENSON
Tau Beta Pi: Initiation banquet will be held in the Memorial Union Building, January 6 —CROSS.
‘'lou 11 recognize me wnen 1 come out—I’ll be wearing a white carnation.”
• the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores —
SOUTHWORTH’S
Ex erj thing for the Purdue Student
«DEAC”
Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
Beauty Studio
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE
Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DB. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE
PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J. SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
Furniture —
Student Equipment
Scujlsi
J'UhnihuM (^o.
425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
— Locksmith
F, Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths
Automobile key and lock service our L C. N. Door Closer Distributors
208-211 N. 5th St., Phone 2828
Barbers
MODEL BARBER SHOP
222 No, 5th Street Lafayette “THREE GOOD BARBERS’
JfJeres more pleasure
a happier new year .. . and more pleasure for the thousands of new smokers who are finding out about Chesterfield’s milder better taste. Mild ripe tobaccos and pure cigarette paper are the best ingredients a cigarette can have ... these are the things that give you more pleasure in Chesterfields.
Chesterfield
. .you’llfind MORE PLEASURE in Chestefields milder betkr taste
Copyright 19)8. LiOGBTT & Myehs Tobacco Co
aaiBB