¥
t- I v'a ^ “ t ■{ ^ >■ ® ;* ' ,fl 'i ffs-'S T ' »
. 1-
^ I
B. B. McLean Add resses Home Ecs Spring Banquet Meets To Distribute Awards To Outstanding Women Last night the Annual Spring Banquet of the Virginia C. Meredith club and the Omicron Nu was held in the Home Economics building cafeteria. Speaking on the topic of the Home Economics ■woman in business, Mrs. Beth Bailey McLean, one of the Swift Company ‘^Martha Logans,” pointed out that the field ^s very new, yet already an enormous step has been taken from the conditions common just a few years ago—^when the only positions open to the Home Ec grad were marriage or teaching I She said that the basis of the work of all Home Economics trained women is homemaking, whether it be for one or two, or whether it be ad'vising others. Faculty Introduced Preceding this address, Lucille Osborne, the out-going president of Omicron Nu, introduced the faculty advisors of the two organizations and presented the eight new initiates of Omicron Nu, Peggy Davis, president for next year, Mary Ann Carpenter, Alice Collings, Marybelle Halstead, Cecelia Witty, Cornelia Caldwell, Agnes McCulloch, and Nancy Sacksteder. Agnes McCulloch, out-going president of the Virginia C. Meredith Club, then introduced Jane Blank, next year’s president, and the other new officers. Omicron 'Nu Medal Following these introductions. Dean Matthews presented the Omicron Nu medal to last year’s outstanding Home Economics freshman. It was awarded to Roberta Buechele for outstanding scholarship, leadership, and personality. Announcement of the Danforth Scholarships was made by Miss Edith Gamble. These are awarded by Mr. Danforth, a St. Louise business man, on the basis of scholarship, leadership, and personality, and provide for a leadership training program at a summer camp in Michigan. The Junior award was mdde to Cornelia Caldwell, and the Freshman award to Jean Lauer. A short musical program included harp music 'by Evelyn Gullion, marimba numbers by Barbara Heide, and vocaFsolos by Marjorie Williamson, m.j.l. AAUP Beds Officers; William Braswell Pres. Local chapter of the American Association of University Professors elected five members of the Executive Cohimittee, three officers and two~ other members, at their meeting last night. President-elect is William Braswell, English department; vice president, Miss Amy Bloye, Home Ec School; and secretary-treasurer, S. E. Hartsell, Biology department.
z.in
FouikImI In 1889'
xp04ie4U § Dally SInen 1908
Volume 52, No. 169
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, April 30, 1941
ACTIVITIES BUREAU PICKS GIMLIN, WALLEY
Snyder Elected Agriculturalist Editor; Riggs, Arvidson, Fiscus Get Other Jobs
At the recent elections of the Agriculturist Eugene Snyder was chosen Editor-in-chief for the coming year. Robert Riggs was elected managing editor, Robert Arvidson, business manager, and Poster Piscus, circulation manager. Snyder is also president of Acacia social fraternity, Riggs is a Reamer from Rochdale Co-op, and Arvidson and Fiscus are also independents. Other Members Other members of the staff are; junior assistant editors, Howard Diesslin, Ernest Nordlinger and Blaine Growl; sophomore editorial assistants, Joseph Hannon, Charles Duesler, Jack Comer, Hobart Jones, James Clouse and Jean Portriede. Twelve departmental editors were chosen: Ag Chemistry, Jacob Baldwin; Agronomy, Kenneth Prischie; Horticulture, Philip Johnson; Poultry, Jacob Ramp; Farm Management, Rojiert Swaim; Agriculture Education, Gustave Thias; Dairy, Marion C. Topliff; Animal Husbandry, Stanley Watts; Forestry, Donald Grant; Home Economics, Dorothy Arvidson; Ag. Engineering, Elmer Donaldson; Entomology, Channing Prederickson. Business Assistants Junior business assistants are James Hardesty, Billie Fee and Ernest Probst. Sophomore business assistants are David Burns, Wayne Stephenson, Ross McKee, Gordon Meyers and Ralph Howes. The Junior assistant circulation managers chosen were Harold Clifton, Othmar-Burgei and William Davis. The sophomore circulation assistants elected were James Dill, Vonn Hayes, Harry Michael and Dale Miller, w.m c. JoeReichmanToPlay At Founders' Banquet Joe Reichman, “The Pagliacci of the Piano,” brings his orchestra to campus Saturday night for the annual GaWWeek informal dance in both Union ballrooms from 9 to 12 o’clock. Prior to the dance, Reichman will provide dinner music for the annual Pounders’ Day Banquet in the ballrooms. Those “seniors and~ alumni purchasing tickets to the Founders’ Day Banquet will be admitted free to the dance. For all others, the admission price will be one dollar, j'.a.p.
Editor-In-Chief
Eugene Snyder
Camera Club Contest Entries Will Compose PublicShowMay2-l7 ^Deadline for the spring Camera Club exhibit entries has been extended until toittoi'fow evening at 5 p. m. These entries will compose a display to be held from May 2 to May 17 and will be included as part of the" University’s Gala Week program. Prints may be left in the Student Union office. The entries will be judged tomorrow evening, and the winners are to be announced Thursday. In addition to the two prizes offered by the Union, there will be two awards donated by the Foster Shop. These prizes will be awarded on the basis of subject idea regardless of technical perfection and are to be known as the “Poster Shop Awards.” One awa^d is to be made in the amateur division, the other in the advanded amateur dmsion. The judges are Professor Bruce Eltod, Mr. Paul Taneo, and Mr. Vern Breitweiser.
Exponent Electoral Board There will be a meeting Wednesday at 4 p. n». In the Agricultural Experiment station. —DONAHUE.
-^From All Fronts—— Today's Summary Of Waf News To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service, uopyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Ine • Artillery Duel Over Channel A furious artillery duel was waged across the English Channel in the Dover area yesterday as the Germans staged the longest and heaviest bombardment since the invasion scare last fall. British guns replied in kind and airplanes joined the battle. i
* *
• Germans Pursue Greeks German forces have plunged into the southern part of the Peloponnesus in pursuit of the British and Greeks, Berlin reports. London says evacuation has been completed, except for a rear guard whose position is not hopeful, * * * • Will Turkey Falter? “The position of Great Britain in the Near East is extremely serious now,” radios Richard Mowrer from Cairo, ^‘and will become desperate shortly if Turkey falters before German pressure and if more American aid does not get here quickly.” - * 4: * • Plymouth Docks Bombed “Another heavy raid on Plymouth,” cables William H. Stoneman ' from London, “has focused attention on the British government’s failure to evacuate that port city— long after life there had become intolerable.” * * * • Vichy Wants African R R France is negotiating with both Britain and Italy to gain use of the Somaliland railway, radios ‘ Paul Ghali from Vichy, “and thus take the wind out of the sails of the threatened De Gaullist offensive on that East African bit of French colonial territory.” • * * • British Empire Cabinet “Establishment of an Empire war cabinet, with dominion premiers as ministers, was anticipated in certain London quarters yesterday as an immediate possibility,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick from London. * % • Hitler's Next Move? “Germany’s new-found willingness to ‘negotiate’ with the Vichy government oh a ‘basis of equality’,” writes Edgar Ansel Mowrer, does more than anything else to convince people here that the moment is approaching when Ajjolf Hitler will make the long-expected new move into Spain, Portugal and French North Africa.”
'Every Course Should Be Instructor's And Should
Reflect His Own Personality' - 'Tom' Cowden Egg And Chick Shaw
By J. A. Purcell Editor’s Note: This is the second in a sqries of articles published in connection with the good teaching campaign conducted by the Exponent and Sigma Delta Chi. T, K. Cowden, professor of farm management in the University School of Agriculture, gave one of the friendliest answers we’ve heard to the inquiry as to whether he’d lather appear in print as Professor or Doctor when he said, “My name’s Tom, and only people who don’t like me call me Professor.” And that sort of puts “Tom’s” personality ,as a teacher and as an individual, in the well-known nutshell. Cowden teaches Farm Management 3, a course required for every junior in the School of Agriculture and one that deals with a big and dynamic field—^the marketing of farm products. However, although maiketing is vital, CoA^den thinks that “production is more important than marketing.” In explaining his viewpoint on
teaching, Cowden said, “I don’t think you can set up the way a course must be taught. Each man’s approach will be different. It must be the individual instructor's own course. He builds the course, and gathers material about what he wants. Every course should be the instructor’s and reflect his qnvn personality.” Cowden further believes that students want to take the courses that will do them the most good, and not “snail” courses. He said that he was sorry that some students have to take his course, and that he believes that it should be made an elective rather than a required course. In discussing his opinion of the teacher’s “classroom manner,” Cowden said that he believes that any ■teacher can get a lot of work out pf students if he first convinces them that he’s willing to work gnd help them. He believes that students sense laziness in instr^ors. He backs up his Own stfttement gs to interest and willingness to work for the student’s good, as shown b;^
this quotation from his outline of the course: “Please feel fi’ee to call upon the instructors either at home or in their office whenever they can be of assistance.” He said that he often gets ’phone calls at home at 10 or I'l o’clock at night from students needing help, and that he thinks it is better to give “three minutes help than have students doing three hours of wrong^ and useless work.” “A fellow has to like to teach. I can’t imagine a more annoying job, if you don’t like it, than trying to teach school,” the most necessary qualification of~"a tea'cher. > Cowden graduated from Ohio State university in 1930, took his master’s degree there in 1931, and then went to school at Pennsylvania State College from 1931 to 1936. In 1937 he received his doctor’s degree from Cornell university, and then come to Purdue that sajpae year. At the present time, besides teaching his farm management courses, Cowden is doing research on marketing problems.
Begins Tomorrow Annual University egg and chick show will be held Thursday, Friday and Saturday of this week in the poultry^ building. All students are urged to enter the various egg show classes and compete for the many attractive prizes which have been provided by' the Lafayette merchants. Lists of classes and prizes have been posted around the agricultural campus and have been passed out among agricultural students. Among the features of the show will be exhibits of rainbow colored egg yolks, an incubator with a glass top, and some albino chicks, which are white chicks with red transparent eyes. As an added feature, the guessing contest that was initiated in last year’s show will be repeated. Enfries must be in by 2 o’clock Friday afternoon, and the show will be completely set up at this time. All ■visitors will be welcome from 8 a. m. until 9 p. m. on Friday and Saturday, d.e.b.
Senior Electoral Committee Also Chooses 6 Sophomore Officers Bob Gimlin, junior Mechanical, was chosen director and Jim Walley, junior Ag, was chosen executive of the student Activities Bureau for the coming year at a meeting of the activities Electoral Council held in the Union last nightr . Gimlin, who is a member of Delta
Seniors Allowed To Attend Graduation Regardless of Status All students with senior classification who do not expect to qualify for graduation in June will be permitted to participate in the baccalaureate exercises at 2:30 o’clock Sunday afternoon and in the commencement exercise on Sunday, June 8, if they so desire, H. H. Wikel, chairman of the committee in charge of the exercises, said la'St night. Seniors who will have parents and guests here for the baccalaureate services Sunday should warn them “to get here early,” Wikel continued. Music Hall doors at the east end, next to the Administration Building, the entrance which guests will be required to use, will be open at 1;2() o’clock Sunday afternoon so that all parents and guests may obtain seats. Those seniors who do not expect to graduate but wish to attend the exercises must repoit their intention to take part in the baccalaureate at the Registrar’s office by 10 o’clock Saturday morning. They must supply themselves with caps and gowns for the academic processionals, Wikel said. These students will maich as one group, and not with their respective schools.
CO-ED HOURS Beginning May 1 all freshmen women will observe upperclass hours. Hours are 11 o’clock on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Sunday nights with 1 o’clock on Friday and Saturday nights.
Upsilon fraternity, was elected next year’s leader on the basis of his pi'evious work in the activity as chairman of the publicity committee. He succeeds Walt Gipe, who this year headed the bureau as director, while Walley, a member of Phi Delta Theta, was chosen to replace Mary Jane Darr, this year’s executive, on the basis of his work as chairman of the office committee. Junior Officials Those who were named for junior positions in the activity are: Tom 'Baldwin, sophomore Ag;.Bob Olson, sophomore Civil; Les Woehlke, sophomore Mechanical; Marilyn Miles, sophomore Science; Lois Thompsom sophomore Home Ec; and Virginia Pfisterer, sophomore Home Ec. The new junior office holders will head these six committees next year: 3.5 committee, advertising committee, handbook committee, personal data sheets committee, inter^viewing committee, and office committee. There were twenty petitions submitted for the six positions open on the activity. The activities council, which chose the new officers, after interviewing all applicants, is composed of senior representatives fiom each of the major actiArities on cqmpus. p.h. Union luncheon To Honor Mothers; Elliott To Speak Students and visiting Mothers are invited to attend the Mother’s Day Luncheon which will be held in the South Ballroom of the Union fiom 12 to 1 o’clock on the afternoon of May 10th. President Edward C. Elliott and Dean Dorothy Stratton will speak at the luncheon, and chamber music will furnish entertainment. Tickets are now on sale at the west desk and are priced at 75 cents each. r.t.e.
Curtain Rises On George Ade's Comedy, 'College Widow" Tonight In Music Hall
By S. G. Peterson Tomorrow night when the curtain of the Music Hall opens on the 1941 Varsity Show, “College Widow,” students will see, free of charge by passport admission, what promises to be the higgest, funniest and most colorful theatrical production ever staged at this University. All the gaiety, fun and frolic of the 1905 campus will be brought back to life again in this rollicking fastmoving comedy which was so successful on Broadway and thruout the country a generation ago. George Ade wrote this comedy, the first play ever written about American football and college life, in 1905, and in his own words he Says, “They warned me that a play of this kind would not be successful but, nevertheless, I went ahead and completed it in three weeks. It proved to be my bread winner.” “The College Widow” was played by three major companies at the same time and ranks with the “County Chairman,” in which Will Rogers starred, as one of George Ade’s two most successful plays. Music has been added to the play and adaptations have been made to Purdue traditions and history so that a very complete as well as amusing and entertaining crosssection of the campus at that time is obtained. Songs such as “My Gal Sal,” “Ta - ra - ra - booth - de - ray,” “Back to Old Purdue,” “Fighting for Old Purdue” will follow the themq^ong, “Sweetheart of Sigma Chi.” A huge 40x60 foot backdrop gives
a complete picture of the campus at it was in 1905, as do the reproductions of Fowler Hall and the old frame gym building. John T. McCutcheon drew the design for Hie backdrop while vacationing in the Bahama Islands and shipped itbai^ here by clipper from wheh^ k was sent to the TiflSn Art Stu^o, Tiffin* O., where it was reproduced full size. Included in the backdrop are the old Ladies’ Hall, standing on the site of the present Home Ec. building; the Men’s Dorm, now Purdue Hall; the tank atop the hi]Q ■^th ’09 numei-als—and here MoCuteheon shows a streak of Imtihor for what do -we see but a professor peOring' over the shnibhery around John Purdu’e grave saying tskl^ts^ Costumes for the play were received yesterday from Lester’s of Chicago, professional costumers and erne glimpse of a few eonidnees one beyond any doubt that they realty fit the bill. The men’s orange and blue checked coats, red and bli|e striped coats, and bright purple and white band uniforms remind one of the Barnum & Bailey circus while the co-eds’ dresses are reminiscent of the gay ’90’s. University Musical Organizations and the Playshop are combining efforts assisted by a conUngent from the Band and the Modern Dtmce group in lumdndng tMs three hours of entertaiument. The second pots formance Saturday night will he for the public, admission being all seats reserved. \V
^OipL 2-£diii.
Wednesday, April 30, 1941
ipjuJidusL £xpomnL
Universily Mothers To Hear Fraternities
Sing Saturday, May 10
All-University singing will again be featured this year as part of the Mother’s Day program, Saturday, May 10, in the Hall of Music. Eliminations will take place from 2 till 5 in the afternoon, and finals from 7 till 9. Nearly all fraternities and sororities have entered groups in the contest. Each will sing two pieces of their own selection, taking a total of five minutes for each group. All singing will be without accompaniment, and no solos will be allowed. Two judges have been appointed to rate the groups, but their names, as yet, have not been announced. A. P. Stewart, Director of Music, is in charge of the Sing. He has conferred with singing leaders and has suggested types of songs and appropriate dress for the occasion. Stewart suggested that sorority groups could wear spring formals and men could wear dark trousers and light shirt, or some other combination that would be fairly uniform throughout. During an intermission, while judges are rating the singers, Cary Hall Glee Club will sing a few numbers. This group is not entered in the contest, w.g.h.
Music Room Will Sponsor Record 'Shubert' Concert
Union Music Room is sponsoring a recorded program this evening from 7 until 8 o’clock. The program, composed entirely of work by Franz Shubert, will include: “The Unfinished Symphony,” “Soirees de Vienne” and “The Rosamunde Overture.” The program is open to the public, m.1.1.
— LAST TIMES TODAY r
Whitliy • Eanett Ifga Martki O'OriscoH
-AND-
CHARLIE CHANS
mmmcmm
SIDNEY TOLER
PLUS
'GREEN ARCHER" Serial
-THURS.-FRl.-SAT.-feLACK DIAMONDS THE PINTO KID WINNERS OF THE WEST FIRST RUN NEWS
COMING TO THE MARS
University Will Sponsor School For Veterinarians
Veterinarians from central Indiana will attend the first session of a len-week school for the study of poultry diseases this evening at Muncie. The school, which is being sponsoerd by the University, will be held on Wednesday and Friday evenings, with Dr. Frank C. Tucker of Claypool in charge. A similar school was held at Columbia City for northeastern Indiana veterinarians. Veterinarians are requesting the schools as an 6pportunity to secure additional training and to study the results of recent poultry experimental work. Besides lectures by Dr. Tucker, the program will include discussions and clinics conducted by Dr. Donham, Dr. L. P. Doyle, and Dr. J. H. Martin, all of Purdue, a.m.p.
British Desperately Seek Turk Support; Nazis Eye Gibraltar
Dean Stratton Will Speak To AWS Counselors Today
Dean Dorothy Stratton will speak on “Current Freshman Confusions” at the second AWS counselor’s meeting in Stanley Coulter Hall at 4 o’clock this afternoon. The meetmg is compulsory for those who intend to act as counselors to freshmen and transfer students next fall, but anyone interested in Dean Stratton’s talk is also invited to come. The last two meetings of the series will be held on May 6 and May 15. Counselors will be chosen largely on a basis of attendance at these meetings. In charge of this year’s counseling program are Mary Ellen Scarff and Lynn Erganbright. m.1.1.
H. J. Muller
. . . University English Department, is author of a 29-page article, “The New Criticism in Poetry,” which is appearing in the current Spring issue of The Southern Review. The article is an omnibus review of ten recent books on poetry by such well-knpwn critics, as R. P. Blackmur, Cleanth Brooks, Emeiy Neff, Henry W. Wells, Louis MacNeice, David Daiches, and Elizabeth Drew.
NOW SHOWING
ROAR lilm tlia devil «ttt
CHARLES COBURN
Bylaglti
• WIIMi Dtaarast
ROBERT CUMMINfiS
Etanl ewi S. Z. Sikin
— ADDED — MICKEY MOUSE CARTOON
MARCH OF TIME'S Labor and defense
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
LAST TIMES TODAY
:rotf “‘SS:"T«AT
;;'U.N'C£'R¥AINI, f=€CLING"
AMt
09CR0H‘00\
oWlAS
By Richard Mowrer
SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily N6ws, Inc.
— NOT TOO LATE — TO LEARN BALLROOM DANCING ENROLL IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS WED.,APR. 30 7:00 P. M. TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS enroll in our new
Advanced Class Thur., May 1 st 7:00 p. m.
ALLEN’S 6th & FERRY
-NOW PLAYING-
The ^Ih ColnilRll
Cairo, April 29.—The positioii of Great Britain in the Near East is extremely serious now and will become desperate shortly if Turkey falters before German pressure and if more American aid does not get here quickly. This fact is blunt and should be clear to anybody who does not indulge in wishful thinking along the lines of what Russia is going to do, or such like. Germany is in control of the Greek peninsula, and through the conquest of Samothrce and Lemnos is in virtual control of the Dardanelles. The German Army and Air Force are taking over other Greek islands in the Aegean which, with the Italian Dodecanese, will serve as stepping stones in Syria, avoiding Turkey. At the same time the Germans’ occupation of the Greek isles is equivalent to building a barricade extending from the Greek mainland to Rhodes, designed to prevent the British fleet from entering the Aegean and giving Turkey any naval assistance in this area. Aim To Bottle British Fleet The British Mediterranean fleet is strong but the Mediterranean is • an inland sea enabling Hitler to compensate for his lack of sea power by the use of his air power. TheGermans are out to bottle up the British fleet in the Mediterranean and dive bomb it. At the same time the German heat is being turned bn Spain with the ultimate objective of taking Gibraltar and thereby closing the western exit of the Mediterranean. Greek Armies Gone The Greek and Yugoslav armies have been eliminated, the British have lost some of their expeditionary force in Greece, with some of the equipment Britain has labored so desperately during the past year to produce as replacement for what was lost at Dunkirk. With Greece liquidated and control of the Aegean assured, the German plan is to persuade Turkey to cut loose from Britain, to make the Turks feel isolated from the British in the Near East and to make them remain neutral.
The latest info on the United States’ setup in the battle of the Atlantic suggests an extension of our present neutrality patrol to cover the whole blamed ocean. The general idea is that our destroyers cruise u^) and down the sea lanes until they run across a Nazi raider. Then they broadcast its position to their base. And hope . . . That the British are listening in.'
After which they fall in line and tag along. Rebroadcasting their position . . . Until they get their wireless shack shot off.
Since that is an act of^ war they then have no alternative but to reply in kind. And before you can say I wish I was in Peoria . . . Someone gets hurt.
And the Nazis got one less raider.
Or we get one less destroyer.
Plus a two year old war on our hands.
After all, enough of the American made movies have filtered into Germany, for Hitler to have picked u]^ a few of the prescribed methods ... ’ For dealing with informers.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered m second clasli matter mt the pmt offe# la Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Comite it Hareh I, 1879, and at the special rate of poetasre provided for ia section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorised jrannary 20, 1922. Published dally except Idonday durins the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivwed locally by carrier for (8.00 per year, mail subscription, $8.60. Bdit|r-in-Chief R. "w. Denahne Business Manager Merle ■agesseysr
Publication Staff News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Editor „..D. K. Bhiple Assoeiate Editors: N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Bdttner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Butinota Staff Local Advertisins Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers ; Promotion ManaRCr, C. E. Danglemajer; Accounts Rmnager, B. J. Shkdford: Circulation Manager, R. U. Recktenwald. Co-ud Staff Editor. J, Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Kiy Miller, Ruth Eolie, Donna Biess. Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 8471; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers RepresentatWes, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Isiue Night Editor: Amos Day Editor: Ramsdell Issue Editor: Hoskins Night Sports Editor: Meier Staff: M. L. Losey, D. A. Butz, A. M. Prantner, M. K. Boynton, R. Eberts, E. M. Swartz, E. W. Nordlinger, M. J. Lauer, W. M. Clark, S. G. Peterson, P. A. Howard, E. J. Kieper, J. A. Purcell, S. E. Craigmile, J. S. Dawson, D. E. Brewer, P. G. Miller.
The only difference being that movie methods advocate a concrete kimona. Whereas Adolph figures . . . A six inch shell just as effective.—dkh
It is interesting that two news stories so closely connected as an announcement of the Fortune “Forum of Executive Opinion” and the resignation of Col. Charles A. Lindbergh, late of the U. S. Army air corps reserve, have broken within a 24-hour period. Since Col. Lindberg’s resignation, comment has run high, both pro and con, regarding the Colonel’s resignation. ]^n a poll conducted by the editors of Fortune, polling America’s “big-business” Mr. Lindbergh runs well behind the President in confidence on the part of these “big-business” magnates, who traditionally should be against the President and with Mr. Lindbergh. Seventeen per cent of those voting were in disagreement with the President on the ques-
tion “How ,do you regard what the following men have recently had to say about the U. S. foreign policy (regardless of what you think of them as individuals) ?” Opposing* Mr. Lindbergh were 55.4 per cent of those polled. It would be unfair not to add that the poll showed that the business men favored the statements of Wendell Willkie more than they did the statements of the President. From these figures we might speculate that certain editors are going against the ideas of their patrons, American “big-business.” Perhaps Lindbergh is making himself a martyr. Perhaps his resignation will not pass its recipient, Harry L. Stimson, Secretary of War. Perhaps Lindbergh will later be vindicated of the charges levied against him in the past 24 hours. But in all events he has dealt his cause, whether we agree with it or not, one of the worst possible blows by resigning from his country’s service in her time of need.
Luma House
Kappa Alpha Theta sorority recently walked off with the scholarship cup at Washington State college for the fourteenth time in 16 semesters.
. . . announces the election of the following officers: president, Paul Carrington; vice president, Joseph R. Hannon; secretary, Leonard Pyle; treasurer. Von Hayes; purchasing agent, John Wells; house manager, William Lewright; social chairman, Dave Burns; pledge captain, William Rice; sports manager. Junior Hobson; assistant sports manager, Sanford Frazee; judicial board. Von Hayes, William Ldwright; SC A representative, Paul Carrington; house reporter, Glen Nelson.
By Joseph 'Patrick Dolan
Looking over a letter we just received fi'om the commissioners office of this Big Ten (or nine) conference, we find that our Big Ten is the Big Cheese as far as nation-
LAST DAY — 2 HlU
The LONO T0TA6E HOME
JOHN THOMAS IAN WAYNE • MITCHELL* HUNTER PLUS
GAGS • GAYETY • GALS
HAl ROACH frMMli
ROADSHOW
ADOLPHE MENJOU
Parole LANDIS.Iohn HUBBARD
$mtAm nmvummMmtt
Thurs.-Fri.-Saf.—Z Hits
A REPUBLIC PICTURE
GENE AUTRY BACKINTHEJADDLE
-i-i-
-i-i-
al competition goes. If you doubt
that we possess the most favorable record just read the following.
—I-I— Minnesota was declared the National Champs of the gridiron. Wisconsin, after winning the basketball toga of this league, stepped out to Kansas City to win the National crown from Oregon, and thus the conference had two national champs in two big sports.
-1-1— Another successful defense of the NCAA tank title gave Michigan the national swimming champions again and the Big Ten had another jewel for its crown. Illinois and its gymnastics troupe won the national title in the spectacular “flying trapeze” acts; and to end the indoor season. Northwestern won the national fencing tournament.
Last fall, Indiana U. won the national cross country titl'e, and this season’s boxing team at Wisconsin couldn’t even find enough competition to give the Badgers k strain.
Now when it comes to baseball the conference can’t even hold the towel for the Eastern schools, and the reason for that is that schools like Holy Cross, Dartmouth, etc., are merely farm “systems” for major league scouts operating in the East. These schools play up until July 1. ' We see by the papers that Notre Daifie’s new football coach is getting the old jib from Eastern sports i^riters because a few of the Boston College freshmen and sophomores are contemplating a switch to the Irish campus at South Bend, which is exactly one of the benefits in hiring a new coach—he’ll draw a few new ball players. -1-1— Last week, Notre Dame’s new coach made a tour through Louisiana,~and rather accurate info from the state tells us that this new Notre Dame coach practically signed up 'all of LSU and Tulane’s high school prospects—anyway six of ’em.
1\i,m
I* ~ 1L
PitJtdue, ^xfamaHL
WddfieSdciy, April 30, 1941
fio/pL
’■4
Emmert Baffles Bulldogs As Riveters
Gold And Black Gridmen Prime For Annual Contest Saturday As a colorful climax to more than two months of intensive spring practice, the annual intra-squad football game will be Jhield this Saturday afternoon at 2:00. The contest Saturday will give the alumni as well as the student body a chance to see Coach Elward’s 1941 football edition in action, since the game will take place as a part of tbe Gala Week Festivities. According to Elward, this spring’s ,—
training period has been one of the most successful in years, with the squad as a whole showing much improvement in blocking, tackling,
and general fundamentals.
Frosh Merit Trophy
At half time Saturday, the Freshman Football Merit Trophy will be awarded to the freshman player showing the most improvement during spring training. This award also takes into consideration the player’s attitude during practice, attendance, and scholarship. Last year the recipient of this honor was “Red” Carter, ace Riveter halfback. Saturday’s rivals will be the Gold and the Black squads, chosen by the coaching staff on an evenly divided basis. A friendly rivalry is growing and some very keen competition between the two squads should be seen since they have already engaged in several practice games. Last Saturday the Blacks nosed out the Golds by a score of 14 to 6, so the game this week should prove to be a very close and inter-
esting one. Few Injuries
The squad as a whole is in good * this season,
physical shape with the exception of Hajzyk, promising freshman quarterback who is nursing a badly sprained ankle. His loss, will be felt Saturday by the Gold team. Schumaker, fullback on the Black squad and Leugo, center, are suffering from knee injuries, but will probably see action in the game.
Freshman French
Those students and alumni attending the.’contest will get an opportunity of seeing the play of Barry French, 'who has been rated as one of the best freshmen tackles ever to enroll at Purdue. In addition they will witness a battle of outstanding freshmen backs. At the left halfback positions Smock and Chester of the Golds will be pitted against Andretich and Burghardt of the Black team. Last week Andretich played a full sixty minutes in addition to scoring one of the Black’s two touchdowns. Two freshmen operating at the right halfback spots will be Cyzanes and Nekin.
Johnson and Stoelting
Two freshmen centers who will bear watching are Johnson and Stoelting of the Black squad. Guiding the play of their respective teams will be two ^eteran quarterbacks, Kersey of the Golds and Smet-ke of the Blacks. Cary, Harris and McQueen will probably be called, upon during the course of the game to replace these two. j.s.d.
Riveter Runners Meet OSU, lU Track Teams In Triangular Contest Tough opposition will 'be waiting to nip the Boilermaker track team in the bud this Saturday afternoon, when the Cream and Crimson of Indiana and the Ohio State Buckeye runners face Coach Phillips’ squad in a triangular clash at
Columbus.
Boasting a powerful group of track and field stars which copped half of the honors at the Big-Ten Indoor meet, held here in March, Ohio State and Indiana both aye predicted to give the Riveters one of the toughest battles they have had
IM Schedules
BASEBALL Wednesday, April 30 Diamond 1. Ward n VB Ward 8 2. Ward 10 vs Ward 2 3. Ward 24 vs Ward 27 4. Theta Chi vs Kappa SiKma 5. Phi SisRna Kappa vs Tau Kappa Elpsilon 6. Theta Tau vs Sigma Phi Epsilon 7. Sigma Chi vs Phi Kappa 8. Sigma Nu vs Alpha Chi Bho 9. Sigma Pi vs Beta Sigma Psi 10. Delta Upsilon vs Kappa Delta Bho Key—All-Campus Tennis ALL-CAMPUS TENNIS Wednesday, April 30 4 .00 p. m. J D. Eden. vs. A Davidson B. H. Brick vs J Sells T E. Graham vs A M. Huisken E B, Willey vs C. A. Clark J. M. Bahner vs L. E. Batchford E. Anderson vs T. P. Mangold Dick Dutch vs N. P. Poll W. E. Musselman vs M. G. Gardner E. P. Wells vs W. L. Vaughan J. N. Papurca vs W. B. Dudzinski A. K. Pickering vs A. C. Goerss E. E. Jett vs L J. Brower H J. Wilkens vs P Branner D. H. Daley vs H. C. Bauer W. E Danford vs G C. Sitz
4:46 p. m.— / E S. Armstrong vs V Lamerauex B S. McLaughlin vs E. W. Parker J. J. Dudzinski vs Bill Van Camp H. W. Pettit vs E. DeHoog C Tafel vs L. E. Osborne C J. Christensen vs A. W. Klein B W. Platt vs B. W Hoose C P. Martin vs K. V. Smith E. E. Wagner vs S J. Mprphy HOESESHOE DOUBLES Wednesday, April 80 4 :00 p. m,— Alpha Chi Bho, Alpha Gamma Bho, Alpha Tau Omego, Beta Theta Pi, Delta Tau Delta, Delta Upsilon, Kappa Sigma, Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi Kappa Tau, Pi Kappa Alpha, Pi Kappa Phi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Alpha Mu, Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, Sielma Phi Epsilon, Tau Epsilon Phi, Tau Kappa Epsilon, Theta Tau, Theta Xi.
Over at O. S. U. Bob Wright, Indoor Conference champ in the high hurdles boasts a 14.6 time m his event, turned in last week at the Drake relays. Eisenhart, well known in the conference for his good performances in the half and mile, and Hammond, a sprint man, have a good chance to “come through” in their events, while the Buckeyes have a group of, formidable quar-ter-milers, making up a good, sound
mile relay team. Indiana Threats
Down at Bloomington, Coach Bil-
lie Hayes is relying on a sextet of Cochrane, Burnett, Kane, Wilt, Mikulas and Harris to do most of the point chalking-up for his team this Saturday. In the Indoor Meet here, Cochrane copped first in the quarter; Burnett won for the Hoosiers in the broad-jump; Kane took honors in both the half and mile;
and Wilt won the two-mile. Archie Harris, the husky negro
athlete who won the all-around award at the Illinois Relays, is the outstanding man from Indiana, being able to put the shot 50 feet and better, and heave the discus consistently over 170 feet. Mikulas is a good high jumper and hurdler, and the Cream and Crimson are particularly strong in the half-mile, having Kendall, Tolliver, and Broedjes.
Riveter Hopes
The Boilermakers are counting on Cabt. Ed Holderman to make a strong showing in the two mile this Saturday. Ed is getting in shape for the two mile in the conference out-door meet, which he won last year. Big Dave Rankin has a good chance to win the 220 low hurdles and place well in the others against Wright and Mikulas. Jake Weber will give Harris a good race, maybe coming out on top in the shot, while Dodge in the broad jump, Anthony in the quarter, and Jentsch in the half, are other Riveter hopes. University Golf Team To Enter Competition The University has been invited •to send a team of four players to participate in the first National Women’s Collegiate Golf Tournament to be held at Ohio State from June 30 until July 6. After one day of team the players will be placed in flights and thereafter will participate in individual matches. Every girl in the University is entitled to try out for the team. Those interested should report to Marjorie Brown at the Women’s Gymnasium this afternoon at 4 o’clock. The team must be picked immediately, so that several practices may be held, m.1.1.
Errors Help Fehring's Squad To Win Tenth Game Of Season
By BOB SWAIM
Indianapolis, Ind., Butler Field—April 29.—Three time^ in the second inning Riveter batters-sliced weak grounders to the Butler infield; three times Butler infielders hobbled. Those errors, scoring three unearned runs and aiding in two more, presented the Boilermakers with the biggest inning of the game, as Dutch Fehring’s squad won its tenth game of the season, 11 to 4, on Butler Field this afternoon. Starting on the hill for Pehring,
Johnny Emmert hurled five innings. The stubby right-hander cuffed the Bulldog batters with four hits and one run, while striking out five with a fast ball which caught Hinkle’s batters asleep time and again. Although the Riveters finished seven runs to the better over the Bulldogs, Ihe two teams collected an equal number of base hits—ten. The column in which a high number is never to be boasted of, the error column, showed the two squads on a par with five misplays each.
Bulldogs Err
An eventful first inning saw four batters Step in the box for both teams before three outs were counted. But in the second frame the Riveters, with the unintentional cooperation of the Bulldog infielders, jumped to a 6-0 lead on three hits and three errors. Two of the bobbles were committed by Bernie Broderick, third baseman, who muffed grounders from successive batters. Singles by Carson, Byelene and Doherty aided, the rally. In the fourth frame Byelene slapped his second hit into center and was driven across the plate by Blanken’s screaming grounder past third base which went for a triple. Carson hit his second single to left, scoring Blanken. A dropped fly ball m right field tallied Carson with the third run of the inning.
Janisch Pitcher
Janisch shifted from right field fo the mound at the beginning of the sixth frame, being replaced by Garftz. Bulldog bats were swinging more accurately at Janisch’s slants, as Hinkle’s team scored a run on three hits in the sixth. Another three hits plated two runs in the
eighth.
An infield combination of Hincks, Myers, Green and Blanken played the final inning for the Boilermakers. Green brainfully played a grounded ball in that inning, turning it into a double play by tagging the runner and flipping the ball to first, getting the runner. Byelene, Blanken, Carson and Young shared stardom at the plate. Extra base blows were Blanken’s triple and Young’s double.
Summary of the contest follows •
PUEDUE
McFerr^n," 2b
Green, 2b
Byelene, cf Doherty, 3b
Hincks, lb
Blanken, lb
Carson, If
Janisch, rf-p
Gantz, rf Cook, ss Myers, ss Young, c
Emmert, p
AB E 3 1
Totals
41
11
10
8
27
BUTLEE
AB
R
H
A
PO
Guleff, cf-rf
6
0
1
0
1
McMullin, If .
6
0
1
1
2
Baumgartner, lb
6
0
0
0
10
Neat, p-cf
6
1
1
3
0
Fletcher, rf-p
4
1
1
0
1
Hardy, ss
4
1
2
4
1
Brodercik, 3b
4
1
2
8
2*
Huncklei", c
3
0
2
1
6
Gunnel, 2b
4
0
0
3
4
Totals
39
4
10
16
27
Two-base hits—Young ; Three-base hits— Blanken, Neat; Bases on Balls—^Neat 1, Fletcher 2, Emmert 1: Strikeouts—Neal 4, Fletcher 2, Emmert 6, Japisch 1; Left on bases—Butler 10, Purdue 7 : Double plays— Carson to Young to McFerren, Green to Blanken; Passed ball—Hupckler; Hit by pitcher—^McFerren (Neat) ; Time of game —2:D1.
Netters Seek Third
Straight Win Today
With their first two matches al-
ready on the record books the 1941 edition of the Riveter tennis squad looks to be one of the best Boilermaker campus has seen in some time. Opening the season last Saturday with a match against Illinois University netters Coach LaBree’s lads turned in a performance good enough to enable them to overcome the Illinois tennis rep-
resentatives by a 6-3 margin. Stop Illinois State Normal Demonstrating that Saturday’s
performance wqs not an out of the ordinary occurrance but rather more a habit with them, the Gold and Black racquet wielders stopped an Illinois State Normal tennis combination on Monday with a 5-2 score. Today marks the third encounter this season for the Riveter
netters. <
Leaving their home courts for the second time this year, the local court masters will journey to Terre Haute today where they are to face Indiana State Teachers’ representatives in the racquet game. As was the case m the Illinois State Normal encounter, only five men will
make today’s trip.
In order of their positions on the team the following lads will make the today’s trip: Anderson, Lucht, Stettner, Armstrong and Richards. Other matches this week are scheduled with Butler and Ball State. The Bull Dog encounter is to take place on the clay courts in back of the Pieldhouse tomorrow afternoon. Hardly giving the Riveter netters a chance to catch a breath, the Ball State tennis corps will invade the campus Friday afternoon foi fhe third straight day of competition. In all probability six Boilermaker netters will see action in the home battles, the sixth lad being
Van Camp.
Three Lettermen In spite of the fact that only three former letermen returned to the net team this year Coach LaBree agrees that the present squad truly appears to be playing a fine brand of ball. Whether the fact that the sport has only recently been made a major athletic activity is a contributing factor to the success thus far this season is not known. The only hope that Boilermaker athletic followers have is that the tennis team continues the good
work, d.w.m.
F. R. Eastwood . . . professor of physical education for men, is attending the national convention of the American Association of Health, Physical Education and Recreation being held in Atlantic City, New Jersey. Dr. Eastwood is a member of the committee to consider reorganization plans prior to the opening of the convention today.
Free Parking in R^arc
REMEMBER THE CONTEST SUNDAY We will have a representative at the field with props, glue. Balsa; anything for your model. Free Ftelivery
iimsm imR n.
Next to Post Office
Galacade Attracts Many Tank Stars Here Friday With already 72 outstanding Midwest swimmers entered in over 14 big events, this year’s Galacade, scheduled to begin in the Fieldhouse at 8 p. m. Friday, promises to be the biggest tank event ever to be presented on the Purdue campus. Representing St. Louis, Chicago, Louisville, Huntington, Indianapolis, Danville, 111., Oak Park, 111., and the Boilermaker tank squad, both professional, amateur, and high school stars will give visitors and students a spectacular water carnival. 1 Henry Kozlowski of Lane Tech
ti
Reserves Trim Frosh Diamondmen 11 To! In Inter-squad Tilt
Pitchin'g one of his best games so far this season, Frank Danowski baffled the freshmen diamondmen to the tune of 11 to 1. The varsity reserves outplayed their opponents in every respect, and the game looked like a shut-out until the last inning, when Hostetler scored on an error and a fly ball in short left field. Jarvis Hurt Jarvis, starting pitcher for the freshmen, was forced to leave the game in the 4th inning because of an injured hand. A hard hit ball caught him off balance and in his efforts to keep the ball from hitting his body, he suffered a sharp blow on his right hand. His hand may have been broken. Sobonya pitched the remainder of the game striking out two, giving one base on balls and yielding seven hits. The lone hit for the freshmen squad was made in the fifth inning by Anderson, left fielder. Potenza, lead-off man for the reserves, played his usual talkative game. He made one hit and crossed the plate once. Waterhouse, the only letterman in the game, led the varsity with two hits, p.g.m.
^arsity Eeserves Po<J&\iZa, 2b. McAdams, ss McCaffry, lb. Waterhouse, If Eowles, 3b Brady, cf Hoffman, rf. Kearns, c. Cortese, c. Danowski, p Totals Freshmen Miller, 2b. Olds, ss Hostetler, ss. Shoemaker, cf. Pickle, cf. Hipp, rf. Rudelic, 3b. Jones, lb. Anderson, If. Wargo, e. Jdrvis, p. Sobonya, p. Totals
AB PO 3 1
26 18 8 2 10 11
AB PO
E H 0 0
High School in Chicago, the greatest high school swimmer in the country today, is already working out in the Fieldhouse pool in preparation for Friday’s events. Kozlowski, who came in a very close second in the National A.A.U. free style, is given the chance by sports authorities to break Johnny Weismuller’s world record at any^time, and will be gunning for that mark Friday. Another Lane man, breast-strok-er Heidke, is also an outstanding swimmer, and will face Councilman of St. Louis in that eveht at the Galacade. Councilman set a new record in national YMCA competition and was barely nosed out in the National AAU meet. Other drawing cards are: Hubley and Hiple, divers from Huntington, who placed first and second respectively in ^the National “Y” Meet; John Dilley, outstanding Boilermaker freshman who will enter unattached; and Patty Aspinall of the Indianapolis Athletic Club, women’s champion breast-stroker, who will be on hand in an attempt to set a new record for the national 100 yard breast stroke Tor women, an event which she has never tried before. The main feature of the evening will be the National Junior Medley race, in which Councilman of St. Louis, Williamson of Purdue, Pakucko of Indiana, and Dilley, unattached, will enter. Other novelties will be a girls ballet and the yearly “Trophy Struggle” between the Boilermaker frosh and varsity tank teams. Although the total entry list last year was only fifty, Coach Dick Papenguth, in charge of the Galacade, expects many more entries between now and Friday to swell the already great total of 72 entries.
d.e.b.
Sigma Alpha Mu . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Louis Cohen, Indianapolis, and Marwyn Bolotin, Chicago, 111., and the pledging of Harvey Leventhal, St. Louis.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. RAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHKR A RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK 4to fr Main Stt. Phona 5710
DEACS Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Dairy Products M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK ?hone 46214
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M. C "Red" Sammom *2P R.W."Ooc’‘EppieMO
• Locksmith
N. J. Arth ’37 305 State Street
Keys and Locks for floor loda, (task bIoM lately and padloeks. Auto Kays a sp«^ty. Blcyctes, accassorlas and ra^rlnq. MULHAUPrs Mt-iiM.aH.it. n».mliv
fia^ k- -
Wednesday, April 30, 1941
fijuAduM, £xftomnL
Riding Club To Present Fourth Kinghorne Will Speak Annual Gymkhana Mothers' Day To Pouitrymen Friday
By Mary Lou Losey Horses! Horses!—games and displays of equestrian skill, an Indian would call it a gymkhana and so does the University riding club. In plain words, a horse show, held on the campus for the fourth consecutive time, will take place on the afternoon of May 11, as a climax to the week-end of Mother’s Day festivities. The sixty-eight members of the club are industriously working on plans for the Gymkhana. Horse owners from all over the state have been invited to participate in the show. There are eleven events on the program, and, of these, nine are open to the public. The horsemanship classes for men and women are the only ones that are closed to all but University students. Open horsemanship classes include the pleasure class, the five gaited class and the junior class, for boys and girls under fifteen. Games furnish the amusement and fun of any hoise show. The Gymkhana includes three such events. They are: a bouncing display of bareback horsemanship, a diaper race for males only, and the madcap “off again on again” spectacle of musical chairs. There is also to be an amateur jumping class. Word has been received from Culver that six of their horsemen will give a jumping exhibition There is to be no entry fee.
and entries received before Saturday will be printed on the program. Post entries will, however, be accepted. The Gymkhana will be held on intramural field just north of the women’s residence halls. No admission will be charged. There, the horses will prance and dance, ably assisted, we hope, by their riders before a crowd of mothers, students, and other Gymkhana fans. WSSF Gives Final Report; Total Of $488.78 Collected Pood, clothes, medicine, services —^for these, the World Student Service Fund collected $488.78 during the lecent campaign on the campus. Of this, “Harum Scarum,” the Union Show, contributed $100. From boxes placed-on the campus and booster campaigns in the residence halls, the remaining $453.53 was collected. For use in the Par East in particular $32.25 was donated, and $3 wms given to be used exclusively m Europe a.m.p.
Acacia
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Gene P. Baynes, Richmond and Dan C. Swickard, Charleston, 111,
Joseph W. Kinghorne, assistant chief of the poultry division of the U. S. D. A., Surplus Marketing Administration, Washington, D. C., will be one of the featured speakers before a meeting of tioosier pouitrymen to be held on the campus Friday to discuss the state’s part in the food defense program. In addition to Kinghorne,' who will speak at 2 o’clock in the afternoon in the lecture room of the home economics building, speakers will include Dr. E. C. Young, of the farm management department, T. S. Townsley, Ohio research worker, Dr. E. H. Matzen, extension marketing specialist, William Kohlmeyer, extension poultryman and Dr. J. Holmes Martin, head of the poultry department. Kappa Delta Rho . . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers for the coming year: Consul, A. D. Steele; senior tribune, R. G. Caipenter; praetor, J. M. Kuch; propraetor, W. M. Clark; rush chairman, R. J. Brown; custodian, B. C. Hineline; quaestor, L. L. Parrish; centurion, R. D. Kentner; chaplain, C. H. Tepas; social chairman, A. W. Grefi-ath; athletic manager, W. J. Weslow; financial committeeman, D. E. Corp.
GEISLER’S exemplify the spirit of democracy in SPORTWEAR We find that men of good taste are now careful and deliberate in the selection of their sportwear. It has been necessary for us to collate styles, colors and fabrics that allow a freedom of choice. There’s no regimentation here, thanks to Geisler’s diversified selection, who have stocked fashions of high character at moderate prices. Styles in sport shirts, jackets and ensembles with a good bit of "you” in them. SHIRTS $1.00 up SLACKS $3.50 up ENSEMBLES $2.50 up
500 HAIK ST
CLOTHFS SHOP INf.
France Acts To Halt DeGaulle Movement In Somalilend Area By Paul Ghali SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Vichy, April 29.—Prance, through its officials in French Somaliland, today was understood to be negotiating with both British and Italian authorities in order to gain use of the Somaliland section of the Dji-bouti-Addis Ababa Railway and thus take the wind out of the sails of the threatened De Gaullist offensive on that East African bit of French colonial territory. Combined British and motorized units of Gen. Charles de Gaulle’s Free French movement are reported poised on the Ethiopian side of the''French Somaliland frontier. Other De Gaullist troops are said to have landed at Zeila, British Somaliland port barely 16 miles from Djibouti’s harbor in the Gulf of Aden. ' French Somaljland, with 85,000 inhabitants in 16,000 square miles of bare desert, is now completely cut off from its mother country. Britain’s interest in French Somaliland lies chiefly in the DjiboutiAddis Ababa Railroad, which is the only link between Ethiopia’s highlands and the sea. If Vichy obtains Italy’s authorization to use this line in order to feed Italian civilians and, incidentally, British troops now in Ethiopia, Prance can hope to save this tiny bit of empire. If Vichy fails in this attempt, French Somaliland may be considered ripe fruit for the De Gaullist Army. Fear Offense While fear is entertained here of a De Gaullist offensive, Gen. De Gaulle has promised not to use Frenchmen against Frenchmen. It is believed here that the real danger in the Somaliland crisis comes from De Gaullist propaganda, which, apart from other considerations, may make itself felt. Seditious pamphlets are said to have
Dibos, Stocker Competo For Senate Presidency Richard Dibos and Robert Stacker are candidates for the office of president of the senate for next year, it was announced last night by Student Senate. Dibos is a junior in electrical engineering and a member of Sigma Chi social fraternity. Stecker is also a junior in the school of electrical engineering, lives in Cary Hall, and is a member of Reamer Club, w.m.c.
Catalyst Club: Flection of new officers Wednesday, April 80. Ghent and Met Building, at 7:80 p. m. Sign up for party 'in Dr. Lovell’s office. , —BBEGSTEDT. Cadet Officers: Meeting of all the staffs and staff commanders of both brigades on Thursday, May 1, at 11 p. m., in the Armory. —mESE. Cadet Luncheon Committee: There will be a meeting in the Armory, Wednesday, April 80, at 4 p. m. Ticket sales will be ■ checked. —MBESE. .
Classified Ads
T^ewritera and adding maekinsib new and Bsed, for sale, rant and repaired. Ail makes of portable typewriters, ISt.TS te 169.60, Office suppUee. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebenhoff, (K Main St. Fhone, X7T9.
All Students: Planning to attend the summer session of the University should get an application at the Admission office. (6-2) —DAMMON P-Men: Important meeting at 7:80 p. m. Wednesday, April 80, in room 286 of the Union. SAA officers; varsity yell leaders, varsity managers and major and minor lettermen please attend. —COMBS.
Exponent Staff: Keep the deck cleared for action on Sunday, May 4, for the annual Exponent banquet in the Union at 6 p. m. ' (27-4) —DONAHUE.
AWS: Regular meeting of the executive board at 7:80 p. m. Wednesday, April 80, in the AWS office. —McCOLLOUGH.
For X«nt: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service, Can for all occasions. Min. $2.69 all night/ Phone 2497.
Lost: Boston Bull Screwtail, With harness three tags. One No. 336697. Reward. Phone 2966.
Silver Mask: Actives and pledges, formal initiation Wednesday, April 30, at 6:80 p. m. in room 332 of the Union. Banquet following. Ail men be present. —WEGENER.
Notices
All Electrical Engineers: Sign up in EE office for inspection trip and AIEE meeting at Illinois University May 10.
Religious Council: Regular meeting this Wednesday, April 30, in room 68 of the Union. —BELCHER.
Sophomore Union Workers: AH sophomores petitioning for junior jobs must be present at meeting Friday, May 2, at 4:16 in room 303. —BENNETT.
4-H Club: Annual Spring party will be held at Women’s g:ym Saturday, May 3, at 7:30 p. m Tickets may be purchased at the door for 16c or they can now be bought from Frank Goris for 10c. —ANDERSON
Exponent Staff: Copy for the special summer session edition must be in by tonight, Wednesday, April 80. —OCHILTREE.
Tau Beta Pi: Formal initiation and dinner Wednesday. April 30, at 4:30 p. m. in the Union. -MONTGOMERY.
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges: Meet,in reading room of Mechanical Engineering building at 4 p. m. on Thursday, May 1. —WIST.
Alpha Lambda Delta: See Betty Brown for tea dance tickets. Each member must sell five or donate money for same to the treasury. —BROWN.
Silver Mask Pledges: Meet in room 332 of the Union at 6:16 this afternoon, Wednesday, April so, to recejive Sabres and Sabre instruction. Be dressed in business suit and don’t forget Sam Browne belts.
Marriage Course: Both sections meet at 7 :30 p ra. Wednesday, April 30, in the Union. —WILKENING.
ASME: Membership cards will be distributed after Mr. Banburg’s talk about inventions Thursday afternoon, May 1, at 4 p. m. in the Electrical Engineering building. —COOLEY.
Camera Club Entrants: Prints are due at the Student Union Office not later thanf 5 p m., Wednesday, April 80, 1941. —TAFFEL.
been dropped on Slomaliland by Free French lanes. Gen. Le Gentilhomme, commander of French forces at Djibouti until the FrancoGerman armistice, when he joined the British forces at Aden, is said to have many friends within the colony who might further his cause.
POMM Pledges: Wear old clothes to rough initiation Wednesday, April 30, at 7 p. m. at the Armory. Bring full boxes. No one will be excused. —YEAGER.
Model Railroad Club: Meeting Saturday, May 3, at 2 p. m. at layout for election of officers. —DARR.
PIA Men’s Chorus: Rehearsal this Thursday night. May 1, at 7 ;30 p. m. in the PIA office. This is in preparation for the Mother’s Day Program. Everybody be there. —sMULBvrrz,
Independent Staff: Meeting tonight, April 30, at 7:16 in the office. Everybody be there. All holders of key cards bring them with you as there will be new ones issued. —SMULEVITZ.
There Is No Substitute for A Well-Lauudered Shirt . . . • MEN APPRECIATE well laundered shirts that are immaeulately clean and smoothly comfortable. All crisp, smart finish of a brand new shirt is retained thru Crown’s modern laundry process. SHIRTS LAUNDERED BY CROWN ARE DATED! Dated Shirts Are Your Guarantee For a Years Wear!
r I I* E C L E A N g R s F F I N E C L O T ^ JE f
☆
She'll probably embrace you publicly... if your , ^ gift is Lucien Lelong's
☆
package!
Ladies have been known to swoon ovw this one—Ludien Lelong's crystal plumes filled with perfumes! Truly a cavalier’s ^ft—**oiie ior all and all for one!” *Xea Plumes” contain Impromptu, Indiscret and Opening Night Perfumes! Sendit—and take the merry consequences. DECKER’S
518 Main St.
Phone 5036