Pi
''V;,i''!S/i» V'^'’"'i'^ •!''-,'i.V '■ *> i ' ■■ '’ •'■< ’ "‘ '!'"(’'.M i'l';!', I f*'''^’s* '■ ‘ </pi'^,<',j ^ i'^ (i / if ' .1 I ‘j ■ '■’'‘ ‘ ^^' V ' • ‘i ' / ' - V*^ '* ' "'1'^ *'* ..r V i, i V, <• , , . - ' ^ ^ h ' ‘^ t fWf/a'-'^’ f
9 1 A \
A
MAKE EVERY PAY DAY
r BOND DAY
Established 1889
i(42<menl ^ Daily Since 1906
bV
sletFEiii bonds! STAMPS
Volume 53, No. 127
West Lafayeft'e, Indiana
Wednesday, February 25, 1942
} ,
6
HttSiaKTOH MERRY-60-RdUM
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen U'. S. Must Realize Axis Is Making Desperate Rid For 1942 Victory WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.—By all odds the most important thing the American people have got to linderStond about this war—and understand it quickly—is that the Axis is gambling everything on 1942, while the United Nations are talking about victory in 1944. And the danger—which few people seem to realize—is that desperate, ruthless dictators, willing to stake everything they have, including long range submarine ^aitacks and landing forces 6,000 ttiBcs from home, may conceivably be'succcssful in 1942. After 1942, Axis dictators know, the sjow-moving, lumbering industrial giant of the United States will swing into action. After 1942, foi' the Axis, it will be too late. This realization is why some Washington executives now arc Advocating more troop transiJorts And merchant vessels which can hA 6ni$h«d this year, rather than hatiiitohips to be fliiishcd in three fikta. Tfhat why an all-impor-tABt^^clpfegc debate now goes on b^twAen the Navy and Win-thc-Wkr*Now boys about switching turbines from 1944 battleships to troopships. That is also why the WIN-THE-WAR-NOW boys favor a stiff offensive. As Secretary Stimson said last week, carrying the war to the enemy’s waters keeps their submarines out of ours. • Secret (?) Map Joe Eastman, of the Inlcrstale Commci'ce Commission, was holding a hearing on construction of a bad-ly-needed pipc-liiie for crude oil from Wichita Falls, Texas, to .Savannah, Ga. Vincent Shinkle, of Trairs-Ameri-can Pipe-line, was hobling forth. He produced maps showing the niidcontinbnt field this pipe-line would traverse; finally cami' to a niaj) showing the U. S. naval and air bases in the Atlantic area which this pipe-line would supply. Suddenly, up jumped Brigadier General Walter Pyron, strode to the hearing desk, ripped the map from the book. “That map contains military secrets,” he exclaimed. “Where did you get it?” “From the National Geogiaphic Society,” replied Mr. Sliinkle. “They have printed more than a millionall approved by the Army.” Interesting and irrelevant coincidence: Before he vvas recently commissioned in the Aimy, Briga(Coiitinncd on imge 2)
University Awards Certificates To 213 Defense Trainees Certificates have been awarded to 213 local men and women for satisfactory completion of the defense training courses offered in Lafayette by the University under authority of the United States office of education. Prof. C. W. Beesc, director of Engineering, Science and Management Defense Training program at the University, announced Monday. 400 Enrolled The second term under this progi’am started in January with nearly 400 enrolled in the following classes: chemistry of powder and explosives, electrical engineering, ultra-high frequency technique, engineering drafting, fundamentals of cngiucciilig drawing, production supervision, pre-foremanship training in industrial organization, conference leader training,' time and motion study, elementary pi eduction metallurgy, elementary physical metallurgy, inspection of metallurgy, engineering physics, applied X-rays, engineering mathematics II, and stress analysis and design of elementary structures. The new term has been g-ieatly expanded to meet the urgent need for engineers in industiles engaged in war production and new courses of special interest arc being organized for the immediate future. Aviation Cadet Board
Townsend Will Talk Sam M. Marks University Will Begin
To Leave For First Radio Technician Army Duties Classes In M.G. Shops
To Farmer Groups Saturday Morning Former State Official To Discuss Machinery Former Indiana governor Clifford Townsend will address a group of farmers and farm emergency committees from throughout the state at the Uhiversity next Saturday morning at 10:30 in the Agricultural Engineering Building on
the soutli campus.
Townsend, now in cliarge of priorities allocations for agriculture in Washington, D. C., will discuss “Machinery for the Army and Machinery for the Farmers—a National Emergency.” After his lecture, he will answer questions from the floor, explaining any problems that farmers may have in connection with the war and their machines, with members of the University agricultural engineering staff participating. The afternoon program will consist of individual confei’ences with state I’cpresentativcs of the various farm machinery companies. These men have been asked to represent their local store.s and will lie able to answer most questions. In this manner farmers will be able to determine whether or not specific equipment and repairs foi most farm machinery is available and in
what quantities.
Garden Conference
Dr. J. L Bray Speaks y||jf(| 4p||yg| 5||0(t
For Meeting Of AIEE
Sam M. Marks, of the speech department and technical director for Playshop, will leave tomorrow for duty at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. He bid farewell to his last speech class yesterday, but his classes skdukl report as usual and will be reassigned. 'Sam Marks graduated in 1940 fr(^n Mechanical Engineering and redeived his master’s degree in Speech a year later. During his un-
IntorvisWS This W6ek ^Vi// Open March 5
Every day this week from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. the Army Air Corps,Aviation Cadet Examining Board, lieaded by Major Thomas S. McConnell, will examine all interested students and local youths in the Central Y.M.C.A. The minimum age for applicants has been extended to 18 and the maximum age is still set at 26. Married men whose dependents have sufficent means of support may apply for appointment. No formal education evidence is required, but applicants will be given an examination designed to determine their ability to absorb and comprehend the tcclinical instruction of the course. A physical examination will also he given, and those qualifying from both examinations will he placeil on the waiting list for Aviation Cadets ill tlie Army Air Corjis.
Personnel Notes K. 1. duPont dc Nemour.s & Co., Wiliuiuglou, Del.— All ME’s (ludiislrial), liE’s, and CE’s who are interested in an in(er\iew with the dul’ont Company, come to (he Personnel Otlicc immediately and schedule a time. A company representative will visit the campus on March
9 and 10.
Naval Ordnance Laboratory, Navy Yard, Washington, 1). C.—All ME’s, EE’s, and Science interested in the opportunities this laboratory offers, as dt'seribed on tlic Personnel Interview Notice in your school, please sign up in the Personnel
Office, immediately.
YWCA To Introduce
Qrdnsnee Will AcC6pt candidates
Applicants This Week
According to Prof. C. W. Beese, director of the Univeisity training for defense, a limited number of men may still be accepted to complete tjris area’s quota for junior in-spector-trainees for the United States army ordnance department. All interested students must file applications before Saturday. Men accepted will he placed on the ordnance department payroll at $1,400 per year during their three months training. After completion of this training course, successful candidates will be recommended for reclassification at $1,620 per yeai. All men between the ages of eighteen and thirty-five are elig’ible if they have had at lea.st one year of ti-aining in a recognized engineering school or two years of college study, including six semester houv.s each in chemistry, physics, and mathematics. Applicants must also pass the physical requirements specified by the Civil Service Commission.
Members of the YWCA wnll hold a mass meeting Thursday at 4 p. m. in the office at the Union. There will be a very short business meeting dm ing which the candidates for the positions of cabinet officers will be introduced to the members. Following the business meeting Mrs. Mildred Fitch, of the history, economics, and government depaitment, will give a talk on “Sidelights m the Pacific.” The talk will be an informal address about Wake Island. Petitions for the positions of cabinet officers can be obtained and filled out in the YWCA office in the Union any afternoon before March
11.
Alpha Gamma Rho . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Wayno Anders. Terle Haute; Hobart Jones, Logansport; Wallace Cook, Carthage; Harold McCormick, West Point; Ralph Howes, Laportc; and James Harper, West Lafayette.
“The American Home as Ilead(luarters for National Woik” will provide the theme for a two-day Indiana Better Homes and Better Gardens conference to bo held at the University March 5-6, it was announced today by G. Stanley Mcikle, vice-president of Better Homes in America. The piogram will he open to the public and will pre.sont the latest information on the development| of better home plans as well as a planning and planting piogram foi homo gardens. ' The senes of discussions wall be continued through Friday, Maich 6, and concluded with a consultation period in W'hich Lee J. Nimlc, president of the Indiana Civic Association, and Prof. G. L. Lomnu 1 of tlic Civil Engineering School, chairman of the Indiana State Plannmg Board, w'ill join with members of the conference staff. Dean Leeper Will Speak Before Religious Council Dean Leeper, I raveling secietnrv of the Student Volunteer Movement, a national organization for tlie piomotion of missionary work, will lie guest speaker at the meeting of tlie Purdue Religious Council at 7:30 p. m. tonight in loom 58 of the Union. Leeper, a graduate of the University of Illinois in ’ll, is now on a tour of midwesterii colleges, and will he on the campus till Friday to speak to various religious organizations and to interview students. Ai - langcments for interviews with him can be made through Howard Hamilton, president of the Religious
Council.
Prof. L. E. Allison Gets Ph.D. From U.Of Illinois Prof. Lowell E. Allison, a member of the University Agronomy staff for the past five years, was lecicntly awarded his doctoi of philosophy degree fiom the University of Illinois. Allison, who has the rank of assistant professor of soils at the University, was on the agronomy staff of the University of Illinois fiom 1930 to 1937. His doctoi’s thesis was written on the tiencl of phosphate of inorganic colloids from certain Indiana soils. Alpha Chi Rho . . . social fiaternity, announces the election of the following officers. Thomas B. Simon, piosident; Sigurd G. Peterson, vice piesiclent; Richard E. Adams, pledge mentor; C, Everett Porter, secretary; Albert E. Perkins, treasurer; William F. McCaughey, ritual officer; Alison M. Arnold, chaplain; Shjckiey Anton, sergoaiit-at-arms, and Wilbur E. Johnson, committeeman.
Sam M. Marks clergraduate years he was enrolled in advanced ROTC and had received his commission as second lieutenant in the Field Artillery Reserve. Worked In Playshop Sam first came on the staff of Playshop in 1940 as a graduate assistant in the speech department. He will be remembered for his remarkable work in building the sets of “Night Must Fall” and “Bachelor Born.” He also directed the last play of flic 1940-41 season “What a Life” and the Laboratory Theater ])lays. This iiast summer Marks was in the summer theater of the Westeim Resei’vc university. This school year he was made an instructor in Speech as well as technical director of Playshop in charge of sceneiy and llio Lahoraloiy Thcatci. Bureau Announces Freshman Callouts Activities Bureau will hold a meeting for all freshmen interested in working on the Buieau tomorrow at 4:15 in its office on tlie second flooi of the Union. .hill Walley, senioi executive, will outline the origin and functions of this service oigaiiizatuiu. He will be follow'ed on I lie iiioqram liy tlie luiiioi mauageis wlm will e'plain (lie ilul n .1 ol the Jiio pcctivc v/orkers. Activities Baicau serves to give ficshmcn an oiiportunity to become aetjuainted with the activity possibilities so that they can better clioose llieu sophomoie fields of endeavor.
First class in this community for radio technician training will open at the University next Monday evening, atld persons who have applied for this training are to report toinoiTow evening in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops. At the same time registi’ation will be held for engineering chemistry and for two day classes in engineering drawing and engineering mathematics. The radio class will cover mathematics, direct and altei'nating current theory and circuits, vacuum lubes, wire telephony and audio, electromagnetic transmission, radio communication, radio transmitters and receivers, frequepey modulation and transmitter lines. It will meet three nights a week for two sixteen-week periods. Advanced Training Advance training in the armed services or civilian jobs in the operation and maintenance of detection and communication equipment will be open to those who take this feeder course. Engineering cheniisti’y parallels first-year college chemistry and covers the processes involved in modern industry. The engineering drawing and mathematics classes will meet two days a week from 8:30 to 11:30 a.m. Annual All-Campus Bridge Tournament To Begin Saturday Saturday afternoon at 1 will mark the opening of the Annual All-Cam-pus Contract Bridge Tournament, sponsored by the Union. The tournament will be played in three sessions weekly. Teams in the tournament will consist of two playeis each, and more than one team frbm each house may enter. Gold and silver ti'ophies W'ill be the rewards for the champion and lunncr-up teams. Theic is no eiitiy fee. Entry lilanks for the contest which can be obtained from the west de4k of the Union should he returned before February 27. Since the number of teams which can enter the contest has been limited to 81, tlic entry blanks should be returned a.s soon as possible to insure a chance to play. C. B. Kenimer, local bridge player, will direct the tournament which will he slightly different this year because of the changed semes-
ter.
Playshop Callouts Playshop is holding callouts for its fourth production of the year, “The Male Amnial” next Monday and Tuesday. The tryouts will be held in Eliza Fow'lor Hall from 4 to 6 p.m. “The Male Animal” was wiatten by Janies Thurber and Elliott Nugent and ran for a record time on Bioadway.
Tonight, EE Building Di\ J. L. Bray, head of the School of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering, will address an open meeting of AIEE tonight at 7:30 in room 264 of the EE Building. Bray’s talk under the title of “Latin American Relations” will cover such topics as Latin personalities, living conditions in South America, and opportunities offered by that land to prospective graduates in the field of engineering. Bray’s backgroupd for his talk comes from the six or seven years he spent in South America working for various metallurgical companies Ihei’e. His woi-k, which consisted of extracting the metals copper, lead, tin, silver, and gold from their ores, took him to every Latin American country but one, although he spent most of his time in Peru and Chile. Grads Gain Regular Army Appointments United States War Department has announced the appointment of seven University graduates as Second Lieutenants, Field Artillery, Regular Army. The total list of Regular Army Field Artillery appointments included forty-eight officers, and the seven fiom the University, oi'iginally had received commissions as Second Lieutenants, Officers’ Reserve Coi'ps, upon graduation. The following men were appointed: Second Lt. Roger J. Aull, ME ’38, Indianapolis; Second Lt. James E. Hammer, Eng ’39, Lancaster, Pa.; Second Lt. James A. Hebbeler, For ’40, Huntingburg; Second Lt. Courtney B. Neilson, ME ’38, South Bend; Second Lt. Joseph A. Ogle, ME ’38, Sheridan; Second Lt. George W. Smith, Sci. _’39, Lafayette; Second Lt. Stuart Ci Campbell, ChE ’38, In-
cliaiiapoli.s.
Capt. Joseph Feuquay Joins University Staff Captain Joseph B. Feuquay, EE '30, has been assigned by the War Department as an instructor in the military department at the University. He reported for duty Monday. Feuquay served with the 12th Batallion of the Fourth Field Artillery Training Regiment at Fort Bragg, N. C., prior to his assignment here. At the present time his family is residing in Indianapolis and is expected to join him in the
near future.
'i'he assignment of Feuquay to the instructional staff will fill the vacancy created when Major Howard Ayers w’as transfrred to the Hcad(luartei'b of the Second Army. Bridgman To Speak At Sigma Xi Meeting
Many Name Bands Prominent In Sophomore Cotillion History
Course In Concrete To Conclude Today Afternoon Session'Will Close Two-Day Meeting Third annual short course on ready-mixed concrete closes today in room 263 of the Union. The course, which lasted two days, was conducted to discuss the importance of concrete to our war effort. The program began yesterday morning with a discussion of the purposes of the school. Films on the manufacture of concrete were shown, and V. P. Ahearn, secretary of the National Ready-Mixed Concrete Association, opened the afternoon lirogram.. Ahearn spoke on “The Position of the Ready Mixed Concrete Industry in the war effort.” Welch, Hadley Speak F. M. Welch, of the American Aggi-egate Corp., gave a talk on the aggregate production of the ready mixed material and W. W. Hadley of the Indiana State Highway Commission told of the many uses for ready mixed concrete in state constimction work. Dr. L. M. Sears of the history, government, and economics department was the guest speaker at the evening banquet held for the persons attending the school. Today’s sessions consist of demonstrations and design of concrete mixed with laboratoi’y samples submitted for the purpose. 'There will be a round table discussion of the operating problems in this field of work. The course will conclude with a film on plant layouts. High School Officials Plan New Sumrfier Training Program Twenty-nine high school principals, representing the Indiana Secondary School’s Principals’ Association, met at the University Monday to discuss the new summer training program to be offered to high school graduates as a ten-week full-time defense training schedule. Present high school seniors or recent gi'aduates will be eligible for courses designated to prepare theta to a better degree for j'obs in industry. The training is primarily for high school graduates who are Hot planning to attend college. 42 Hours Each Week This training in introductory engineering subjects will include 42 I hours of study each week in engineering mathematics, engineering chemistry, engineering physics And in iiidustinal materials and proces-
ses.
All instructions will be practical in nature, and designed for students to play five and a half days each week m school. These classes are being offered, tuition-free, as a paft of the University defense training program, as authorized by the United States Office of Education.
By Don Glaspie Foi many years, Skull and Crescent has sponsored the Sophomore Cotillion, a foimal dance honoring the sophomoie class. At each of these dances, immediately following the grand march, the new' Skull and Ciesccnt pledges have been announced. In 1938, Chailie Agiiew w'ho came direct fiom Chicago to provide the music foi the occasion, played in a balloon-filled atmosphere. In 1939, the bophomoi e honorary picked Dick Ban 10 and his band to play for the annual aft’aii; but owing to other conditions, he cancelled his local contiact to sign a long term contract on the w'est coast. ‘Happy’ Felton Chosen Consequently, the sophomores picked anothei This tune they chose “Happy” Felton and his “Music w'lth a Smile ” Foui hundred and fifty couples turned out m thcii best bib and tucker to dance that evening. In 1940, “Pinky” Tomlin was chosen to play for the annual cotillion. “Pinky,” coming direct ifrom the Drake Hotel in Chicago, played foi foul hundred and fifty couples. Last year, Skull apd Crescent
chose Dick “Here’s That Band Again” Jurgens to play at the annual Sophomore Cotillion. At this dance, the sophomores used for the first time a throe dimensional backdrop composed of a white band shell with flowing colored lights focused upon it from below'. In the center w'as a large skull with intermittently blinking green lights. Appi'oximately eight hundied couples danced to the soothing tunes of Dick Jurgens. Jurgens’ band had been playing at the Aragon Ballroom in Chicago and he returned there immediately after the Cotillion. Now Up To Date This year Johnny Long is scheduled to provide music for the annual occasion. Long has been playing at the Chicago Theatre in Chicago for the past week. Organized as a campus band at Duke University during Long’s freshman year in 1931, its position is one of the fastest moving bands in the nation’s eye today. Its current popularity started in 1940 when Long played at the Roseland Ballroom in New York City. The band features Helen Young-, blond songstress, and Bob Houston as the vocalists.
At an open meeting of the Society of Sigma Xi, science honorary, at 7:30 tomorrow' night in the lecture
room of Stanley Coulter Hall, Dr. ... .. . tc P. W. Bridgman of Hai-vard Univer- nGISn HSZGltOn TO SRIYC
sity will discuss “Some Recent Work in the Field of High Pressures.” A profcssoi of physics. Dr. Bridgman IS a lecognized authority in the field of high pressures. Students, faculty members and townspeople are invited to attend his lecture, W'hich is sponsored by the national
organization of Sigma Xi.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men: John A. Ardington, Eiie, Pa ; Kenneth M. Bradley, Williamsport, Pa.; Robert E. Conlee, East Chicago; Henry B. Curry, Decatur, ill.; Charles K. Devine, Eric, Pa.; V/illiam F. Duesterberg, Vincennes; William K. Fawcett, Marion, 111.; James F. Flanagan, Kenilworth. 111.; C. Frank Gierke, Indianapolis; Ward E. Huston, Rochester, N.Y James C. James, Aurora, II!.; William L. Kerchovel, New Albany; John L. Lippert, Wyoming, O.; J. D. Martin, New Albany; Robert S. Monroe, Decatur, 111.; Alan J. Stanton, Cincinnati, 0.; John W. Swantz, South Bend; Vaughn Tufts, Mariomont, 0.; Louis R. Ware, Winnetka, 111.; Edwin W. Weiland, Milwaukee,
Wis.
As Physical Fitness Head Helen Hazelton, head of the-de-partment of physical education women, was appointed to the position of State Physical Fitness rcsentative for Women Saturday, it was announced by Frank Stafford, director of Federal Physical Fjtneaa for the state of Indiana. A. L. PhU* lips, of Ball State Teachers College, was appointed to the same position for men. They will serve withottt
pay.
The two will aid Stafford in “accelerating and expanding the physical education and recreation program of schools, industries, ehttrches, athletic clubs and private and semi-private leisure time agencieaJ' Capt, R, N, Voigt . . . guuluute of the Universily, w as recently promoted to that fhlW in the army. He first entered actiVa duly with tlie Chicago ordnan^il district in December, 1939. month, then a first lieutenant, hn was given a position on the eneecM live staff of Colonel Donald Art^ strong deputy chief of the Chkagn ordnance district.
ffilf /* ?
1.
m.
^2
\ Purdue Exponent
Wednesday, Pi^bruary 2S, 1942
lets llstet
, What a binash up job tins is— tvow Tommy Doi ■lev’s ‘ What Is This Thma: Called Lo^t” is j^oiim hp the iiumbti one hit on anjboclj s r«cord shelf TopimJ wtioduced it when he was tomiiiR ^^lth the Vic toi Caia\an and it w is so sciiin dpdious that we cant sec wbi he s waited so long to i ecoid it This Cole Poitei number staits off with a bang ii|» right flora the -edge and tliat Sy 0}wer aiiangemcnt nevei seems to
kt go
All Tabasco 1 When you listen, don t miss a spot because it’s all Tabasco The intio duction can’t be beat follow <d bi the ensemble building up to a beau tiful solo spot for T D himself Con ijie Haines has the vocal spot light ip the- second chorus with the band dashing up next with all stops out, the biakes off, and full steam (and they don’t slow up foi the cuives eithei) Ziggv Elman with his hot hoin and Buddy Rich with his hot hides gne tins iecoid eveijthing it needs to be famous On the flip ovei j ou 11 find a sw ect tendei nuiiibei that has alwa^ been the favoiite of a gieat inanv people and this should make it all the more so “Love Sends A. Little Gift ol Roses” IS intioduced by a qimtet of claimets setting the stage foi thi tenor voice of Ken Cuitis The Pied Pipeis join Ken foi the fiist choius —a bit of Ml Doisec’s tiombonc— and then the take out by the =111 gei s Pun, huh'’
Coffee ’
Glenn Millei is one of the fiist bands to stait on this new campaign foi the levival oI old song hit-^ and his fiist contiibution is Let’s Have Anothei Cup O Coffee The lec ord has stuff and lots of it but we just can t get oui mind off that Doi sey job Maiion Hutton sings the tune with the help of the Modem aiies 111 good old Ameiican tall and then El me Caiceies has to tal e off foi South Ameiica with that gad whatta voice of his and does it ill ovei again m Spanish Good neigh bois and stuff—mostly On the back side theies an A1 Young numbei in a medium pve tempo called Chip Off the Old Block' This side is as stiiidx as a buck bam and just as ho’- too
GRIN AND BEAR IT
J
'ir-'
by Lichty
w
ill'
i
|»l
II
S3 ^
iis
(L Odah, ^qi), JkuL Odimk.
Merry-Co^Rodnd (Continued from page 1) diet Geneial Pyiort was a high of* ficial of the Gulf Oil Company. • Big Oil Companies Oppose It So happens that all the big oil companies aie fighting this new pipe line The pioposed pipe-line will be a common earner In othei wolds, like a lailioad, it will cany
anybody s oil
To get the siginficance of this, it must be remembered that pipelines are the means by which the big oil companies contiol prices and dominate the industry A major part of U S oil fields are pioneered and developed by inde pendent wild-catters But after developing a field, they can only maiket their oil through pipe lines, and those are m the hands of the big compames Even the new pipe-hne fiom Ba
Tokay On WiAA
The Secretary 01 Wai announced officially that the ‘Jick and disease late was decieasing in the aimy camps thioughout the countiy He went on to say that theic wcie enough machine guns aitilleij, and
ammunition to piactice with in the ton Rouge to Gieensboio, N C, to 12 55 News camps even though there was still be used for gasoline is owned 50 50 1 00 ‘ Pimciples of SociOlOj
WEDNESDAY
9 66 News
10 10 fhe Cm 10 Mui 10 15 Moining Melodies 10 30 WBAA Picsents 10 46 Theatie of Song
10 55 News
11 00 ‘Newspapai and Magazine Aiticle Wilting with Piof
J H McKee
11 60 Puidue News
11 65 News
12 00 Agiicultuial loium 12 15 Meet the Band
12 45 Music
Vy oite Up, Atinwnmm
Wakeup, Aiawi-
can?!
Makd Ameilea’s answer roar out
^lllllt ffr over the worW»
Every citlken mpst
hGisfc the United States Anhy and Mavy to victory—-hack them wKh work and money. ^ ^ Do yoiu: part: -Puy Uttlfed States Defense Bonds and etamiP^ at yopr popf office, bank, or savings and loan a^sodatl^op. Get Defense Stamps at your retail store or from tbe carrier boy
of this newspaper.
a shoitage of these items
Over forty vaisity lettemien aie seiving m the aimed foices The let teimen include giaduates dating as fai back as 1894 and some of them
aie last yeai’s giaduates
Gienade hurling is to be included 1 the regulai outdooi events of the
-r , 1 4. 1 Big Ten according to the giaduate I ve noticed since no one can buy new cars, it s much easier Western Inteicol 10 dine—e\eiybody keeps out of my way’ legiate Confei mice Athletic ^AsSoma
tion Goa Che's of the colleges thioughout the Middle^-west aie be mg asked to da aw up a set of lules
foi competition
University Calendar
Wednesday, February 25
8 00 AM—Pcady Mixed Concietc Confei ence
Civil Pngmeeiing Bldg
6 0 PM—Guduon Banquet
South Balhoom Union
7 00 I’M—Ccitification Inspcctois Pi lining
Room 104 Ag Hill
7 jO P III—M Ullage Coiu&c
Rms 302 304 Union
7 30 P M —Kapp i Pbi Meeting
Room 303 Union
10 P M —A I P E Meeting
Room 254 EE Bldg
7 0 PM—Gi iduato Dames Pilot Aid Ll is,cs>
Room o02 ChE Bldg
by Shell and Standaid > But the pioposed new line fiom Wichita Falls, Tex to Geoigia will cany crude oil fiom any company Note —Mr Ickes, usually a crusadei for the little fellow, isn’t enthusiastic about the indepgndent pipe line Some say this is be cause his Deputy Oil Administrator Ralph Davies, is a Standard Oil executive, some say it is because the promoter of the independent line, Aldace Walker, is the brother-in laiv of Chip Robert
unbeloved by Mr Ickes • Merry-Go-Round
On the fiont dooi of the vacant Japanese Embassy liangs a hnght new sign, leading Spanish Embas
The Limveisita announces the sy in Chaige of Japane^ Intciests setting up of special volimtaiv mil Geinian inteicsts in Washington Italy classes foi students who aie aic in chaige of the Swiss Ministci,
Intelested in selling then countiy Ihe new classes -viill include iiue less tclcgiaphy, mihtaiv French bayonet dull medical class gas en
gmes and lemount seivices
Personnel Motes
Chi Omega
social «oioiiti innouneos the initiation ol VI iij J me 0 bum De tioit Mich Viiainia ^1111 linn^ Indianapolis Mail Boi Icn Pivl Foiest 111, Betti Cantlcy I al c wood Olio Lucie Deianmn Ind anapolib Ruth Cummmt,s Bionx ville, N Y Maiy Jo Funkhou ci Indianapolis Geoige Ann Gallon aj Coimgton Doiis Jane Holtm in Li fajette MaiianKiul' Hobnt June McGill FoitMaync B“tti Mmphj Coimeisiille Maijalls Pa.,L I i fajette Peggi Lane Poit 1 A.lcx andiia La Ruth Joan Rentsch In dianapoh, Caioline Pichaulson Viomin„ Ohio Eh'^ibeth Rost Foit Wajnc Vnf,mia men Kinsman Ohio and Rosem u M 1 till Lebanon
AWS Says New Fresh Hours To Begin April 5 AWS judiciil boaid umounted
last night that upperclassmen houis jviotois Comp uii foi fieshman coeds would go into j 25
effect beginning Apiil 6 Homs will be the same as those non in effect ioi sophomoics jumois and sen 101s that IS 11 p m on Suiulaj Mondai Tuesdaj Wednesdaj and Thuisday and 12 midnight on Pii
day and Satuidai
If anj senioi la interested in an Intel new with am of the following companies complete one ol the ycl low Request foi Intciiieiv cauls i supply ol which is in youi school office 'kou Hill be notified by cud liom the Pei onnel Office when to schedule an mteiview Coining Glass Woiks Chuleio Pa —Feb 27 ME ChE EE B S and Ph D m C hemi ti i Ph D Phy s cists Pel feet Circle Co Hac,eistown Ind—Fcl 27 Mien mcci pielci
abb me
Boeing -tiicialt Co Seattle
W ishingto 1 Pel 6 27 28 Gioup ^oiii school olficc bcloie B
meeting I eb 2f it 5 00 p m m 21, Ml Aeion luticals ME md GE Come to tic Piisomel Office and
schedule intcivicii
Dajton Fowei A Li„ht Gonipa ij Dayton Ohio—Juiiioi LE s loi sum mci woil Sign up in Pci sound oi
hcc befoic S ituulay I cb 28
Oidnante Depm tment Rocheste
N y —Maich 11 ME CE LL Sign Moto s Goip
in Peisonnd Office bcloie Much 4 McDonnell Aiicialt Goip Pob
cit«on Mo I tb 2o uid 24
H unilton Slmdiid Piopclkis (Divi^-ion ol Ui lied Auci ift Coip ) L Hu Hold Con Peb 21 and 25 Dctioit Edison Comp uij Dc
loit Michig ui Peb 24
Deko Remj Division cl Gcnci il
Kol omo Iniduii
Milw aukee
John Amos
Ag 32 and foimci instiuc toi at the Umvcisiti lecentlj paid a visit to his foimci associates heie Amos lo extension entomologist foi the Delaware Agiicultuial Expeii raent Station
Hainischfcgei Cop W IS Peb 2o and 20
Ch un Belt Comp u i 'VIilii ul ce W IS (2nd visit) Peb and 26 Gumnuns Lnguic ( ompai j Go
lu nbu<^ Indi uid Peb 26
U S Navi Ydul N iial Auciaft I acton Philadelphia Pa I eb 26 ..nd 27 Gioup meet n„ Peb 26 at
4 00 p m m 214 M E
Thoinp on Aiieiait Pioducts
Ckvclancl Ohio 1 cb 27
Diackett Go Cmcinnati Ohio
Peb 27 and 28
Metiopolitan Life Ins Go Actu anal Dmsion New Yoil NY —
Undcigiadu ite men foi summei iioik espccialli those with i majoi 11 m ithcm itics Anyone intci ested pk ise ign in Pcisonncl Office Coimiio Gliss Woilb Ghailcioi Pa Peb 27 PcilcctCuck Higcistoiin Indi
27
Coming Gliss Woil s Chaikioi Pi—Icb 27 M P ChP LL BS md PhD 111 Ghcnubtij PhD Phjs
cists
DctioitPdi on Go Dctioit Mich —Feb 24 Juniois foi summei woil Sign m Pcisonncl Office Gci Cl il Pkctiic Co Poit Wayne In 1 —ME PSE an I 1 md 11 If intcicstcd sig 1 on sign up sheet in
p m
lucsdij Feb 21 II unibchlOoCi Goip Milwaukee M n Feb 25 and 2( ME EE GL Gh un Belt (0 Milwaul ce \\ is —Peb -D u 1 2b ML EE ChE Pcifect Click Co Hi„eistoi\n indiai i—Peb 2” All ci gincc
1 icfci ibly MI
IJckoKilio Diiisionol ( ci ci il
Kol omo Ind — Ptb
_5 PI nd til II mtcicst c cum to tic Pcisouul Ofticc md sched
uk mteiiicw
Poem \iciiit Co Sciltk Md hingtoi Icb 26 ^7 28 Gioup mcctii g 1 cl 26 it 4 p m 11 21 ML Ac onautic Is Ml md CI Come to th Icisonncl Oilicc uul scl echilt intciiuii Dayton Powci A Light Gonipani Daytoi Ohio—-Junioi EE s foi sum mci iioik Sign up in Pcisonncl of ficc bcfoic S ituuidi I eb 28 Golhns Radio Gonipanj Ccdai I ipids low i—MEWcdncsdij Icb 27 Sign ip m Pcisonncl Office Ij 4 jO Tut dai 1 eb 26 Donham, Nichols Attend State Veterinary Meeting Di G R Donham, head of the vet ciinaiy depailment and Di R E Nichols of the veteunaiy staff will attend a meeting of the Noithivcst cm Indiana Veteunaiy Association to be held next Thuisday at Boswell
Fifty nine men wcie si 01 n into the Peseive Engmeei Goips The Wai Dep u tment at nounced that enli^-tcd icsciic students aie al lowed to lieu on the left 1 ipcl ol then civil in clotl (s 01 on the left hind collai ot unifoimed student-, the legulitio ci luted iiuigi 11 of then bi inch ol sen ice without the
comp mv numbei
With Pi of T K Noss 1 46 Maikets 1 66 News 2 00 Stoiy a Day Z 16 Senpt 2 30 Moods m Music with Mis C W Hemmei 2 55 News 3 00 Music 3 15 June Ellci—pianist 3 30 Oigan Moods 3 66 Nows 4 00 Tea Tunc 1 uncs 4 30 Joanne Lloyd—piimst 4 45 Cuiio Man 4 50 Music 4 65 News 6 00 Just Relax 5 15 Cuuent Books with Helen
Seaton
5 30 Vespeis
5 45 Little Miss Muffett
5 56 News
6 00 Dmnci Houi 6 30 Spoits Review
6 46 Music 6 65 News
7 00 Symphony Hall
7 56 News
8 00 Whats Alt To Me ’ 8 15 Ruth Ralston—singei 8 30 Fiom the Pi ess Box with
§tGW Wolfe
8 45 Eventide Echoes
8 5o News
9 00 Musicana
9 66 Nells
10 05 Off the All
Cosmo Cllib Tb S/Ve International Show Cosmopolitan Club anu the Chi ncse Students Club w ill sponsoi an international ■'how to be piesentod Moral w Mdi 0 at 8 30 p m m the south billioom of the Union Many colo ill acts md scenes have been plumed ind -'ll nationalities lepreseated on the c unpus will lake pait m the sho i Tickets aie being sold by mem btis of the Cobinopolitin Club apd the Chinese Student s Club and all students faculty mcrabois and other tilends aie muted to attend Fuithei details of the piogiam will be innouncecl m the Exponent at a latei date
Ihc I niieisilj uuiouneed th it fiom 100 000 to 200 000 enlisted men wcie to be heu cd and ti un d on the c unpu in the neai futuie
who incidentally is the bi othei in law of Vico Picsident Henry Wai lace In Washington’s Intel na tiona-l House, a Quakei hostelry a Japanese giil and a Chinese giil
shai e the same bedi oora
o Dewey Afid Communists Some membeis of New Yoiks Bond (f Ilighei Edueatio i aie convinced that Giime Ciusadel Tom Deicv lias made a political deal with the Communists as a step to w aid bcin elected Goi cinoi of New
T 01 k this fall
Foi some time Communist teach CIS have been a headache to Now
"Voiks foul city colleges—Queens . Iluntei Biooklyn and City oi New vehement teaehei s be ou ted and all
Everything for a College Education DEAG’S
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
J
r, " 'll NIBROC PAPER TOWELS None Better Prices to Suit PHONE 7828 LAFAYETTE PRINTING CO..
those who have hown special til cuts ilong technicil line The lust
buildings will be cicctcd foi i me h 11 md moic doimito i sp icc Picsidcnt Slone siis It 1 i luge imcleital 11 but Piiilic pioposcs to meet it efficiently md well
Placement Holes
For Women
the otheis liaiu the chugc g 111st
them di rois‘'cd
Aftci she n ack the popisil Iluschmuii ..111 Stone popped this
question
How cm lie "ct inoposil like
\oik So a committee consisting of Il i Hiischmann and Lawson Stone on (i Chief Ju'-tice Stone was ap pointed to gilt suspected Com
The njen will be seketed fiom the i fm tiial and if guilty
enlisted men and will consist of
Ilaidcst clamoioi foi ousting the Tuttle He s lioen y cllm his J 1 I 1 Communist teacheis w is Chailcs off to pi i c cute these tin j cs
tontinpcnt of men ue U be housed buttle active m Republican poll . oh icpI.cdD. Dodd iicicgot in the now Aimoiy uul temponn an opponent of FDR m the 19o0 ^^cd 14
'‘lee foi tic mveinoiship of New j,i-, list 1 lee foi Govci Yoil an I i sliong Dewey mm Now T 01 k Tom Dewe lo^t
Tuttle i meinl ei of the Boaid ot III; hci Education has constantly tticlecl the Bond foi not taking diastic iction a..,amst the Com mum ts long a„o He even ivmted
to file a bn bunch at onte
The othei clay hoiievci Tuttle ilipioathcd Chmman Huschmann of the ^pcciil coninuttco on Com
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD j RISK — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schultz B dg 4tli and Ma n S Lafayette
^lllllllllllllllilllllllllillllliilllll'lllllliilllllllilllllllllill^
out bi only about 100 000 clcs Thcic aie lu t about 100 000 votes conti oiled by the Commui isl puti
in New Yoi 1
(Copyiight 194.. ly United Ici
tuic Sy ndic itc Inc )
I HELD OVER j = HURRY CNLY CNE MORr DAY S
A icp cscntatiic will Ic it the Uniici iti today tioni 1 to p m uid tomoiiow liom 8 lo 10 m to till nth women cp allied loi po itions L.,c tc te oi tc tcis it iisciiils uid oidnmcc 1 il 01 i tones The silaiy is 81 620 i ytu loi issistdut laboiaUii u 1 Ihc duties ale the cihbiatioii md test mg of i uioLis ..uncs anti tkhcatc me isuung mst umci ts md mil mg ncccssiiii calcul il oils Any women students intoustcd in ijip \ nn should call the Pcisonncl Ofhcc 1111 mcdi itcly at 001 loi ippoiiit nents
i umsl tcachcis and^ ud I VC been talkiin 10 Mi X iilm wants to settle ill this Communist business And I think he s got a fine b ISIS foi a settlement M’h\ is it youi |ob to settle this’ asiced Hiischminn M ell I coulcln t icfuse to nego ti ite could I “’ Wiun Huschmann icpoitec! this to Liwson Stone the lattci s com ment was Deiiev his m idc a de il i\ ith the Communist, Suite then Di Bella Dodd icp csentativc ol the Tcacheis Union has been ncgotnting with Ilusch nu in md Stone icgiuhng Com nuinist tcacheis who f let tiial and pioposnn tint i lew of the moie
KEEP YOUR HOME NEAT AND ATTRACTIVE WITH ACE PAINTS FIXTURES — HARDWARE john Sperb Hdwe. 822 24 Main St
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store
Doc Lp] Ic 40
MFRylfiT — LAST TIMES TODAY —
’^11
lW
u/iur^^
WAIiNcR BROS HAPPIEST HIT JIAAMy" DURANTE RICHARD TRAVIS BIUIE BURKE REGINALD GARDINER
I LOVE HIM because he
Directed by HOWARD HAWKS 5 Distributed iyRKO RADIOS Producedbv SAMUEl GOIDWYNI screen I Jay Charles Brackett* Billy Wilder Sg £ — Added — 5 Wdlf Disney Cart-oon =
= March of TIME'S ~ ^ Far East Command ^ nliilHIillllllllllllllillllllillllllilllillllllllilllllllllllillll#
PiOvdu/L £xpomnL All-American 1940-'41
Lnltrid as second class inattci at the post oHict in laliyittc Iiidiani uudci the act of ( ongress of March I 1879, and at ihe special rate ol poslige provided lor m seeliolv 1101 act ol October 3, 1937, authorized Ja man 20 1922 Published daily cxiepl Monday during the rtgul ir acadetmc year and weekly during the Summer Session Deluded locally by eairict toi 83 50 per year, mail sub-•-criptionb, $100
I dilar in Chut Kditor bpuitr dditur
Ned A OtliiUric lit ii tsi Mar igcr John U 1 r I icott M inaKing-Editor I’hil JolmH n (ttdlditor
Don S Powers I eland W Ruffner Ruth Rose
Publication StafF A»b iiati Floors I ditorial islolf J P liii k I II A r k J llfoi hy R I Hallo y I JoiLb 1 ( Nil r Hflurts BlolT O I Clark J Dirt r J S K el r Coed blpll Mary F B }it Alt l Clalli II Jane Uamsdeil
Business Staff t ed nuhiiiesB Mnimttr Dor 1 a faicsa Office Manasreir 1 ce r 0 t, 1 oidl Advcrtiaint Maim?ers K K C jen re R h Saxton Cirri lalioii Manascr W I Dell Accounts Manairer W I) M lid I Juni r I td ManaKirs Jcdn hranlitnberry 1 ranees Lloyd J I d M rl I
Phonct. Editorial and Business 4005 Sports 2792 Editorial Atler 10 PM 5377
1 I fui nut iidl a Iv rtibiii, by National Adveitii, I f II I, II llbl rs Ui| robentativLB 420 A N V York N Y
Staff For This Issue
Ntlfhl gditor Jonei. Day I d tor Ruin,dill
JsbUi i ditor iCuquci or Si ortb 1 d I r 1 1> i
u I ot l( < I Al / II M 11
th M 1 a 1
little MARyMlX^P-
OY Te-Art‘-BieiMK'ei2rtoFA'
f Trie, dance cosrs^ FIPT/ CENTS-., LET'5 'QUV FIPTY cents OA^ORTH of defense!
You’Re RlCiMTWE WON’T Be jHAVIMiS- OANCeS )t= we DON'T WHIP OUR ENEMlfi-S
.Ani/c UN ireo ggATtiBE ^yNbiCATe
LUMA LAST DAY 2 HITS
PLUS
JANE WITHERS
IN
"SMALL TOWN DEB'
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT
iWj
with vS
NAT PENpLETONW ANNE OWYNNEl ROBERT PAipEl WARREN HYMtRX SAMUELS hinds’
PLUS Charles STARRETT IN 'The floyal Mounted Patrol'
MAM
LAST DAY
lUClE SOUHDS ■£.l|eEityi su li I uais mm SIOHE BWteqFL
TOMORROW
FRI
rm/tenttrei with GonradVEIDT-DeanlAGGER John OHo EuoenI* SHEPPERO • KRUOER • LEONTOVICUis)
^ 4i»^ "ijj ^ ^ iiHiViiii'Wi*''’i'iliiiiiL. '> '' :
Tracknien Face
'Woosiers '‘tKurs’lay
■i Wednesday, February 25,-1942
NiMitt To /Vioit IdWd
Page
^ilesting, on the. laurels of their brilliant 56-40 triumph over Northwestern’s Wildcats, Coach Lambert’s hardwood sqUa-d held only a short warmup practice last night. A short scrimmage with freshman ballhandlers featured the session. Several.: combinations were tried and all of them steamed over their green colleagues without too much effort. Io\va Next f^omprrow , nigfit’a practice will begin preparations for the tilt with the Hawkeycsiof Iowa, at Iowa City next Satui'day evening. Iowa, as verified in our last encounter with tbein, is no pushover. They may prove- to -be even more dangerous this time, because Of the pi'estige they have gained. Monday evening they eked out a 56-52 win' over our arch rivals of Indiana University.
Strategy for Saturday’s game will probably be centered on Iowa’s center, Milt Kuhl. Kuhl, the towering giant of Big Ten, ran his total score into the teens in his last appearance at the Riveter Fieldhouse. Iowa’s win over the Hoosiers Monday night pushed them into a complicated four-way tie with Purdue, Indiana, and Minnesota foxsecond place in the Big Ten standing.'Illinois, of course, still hangs on fiendishly to their first place berth. Their position is rather safe, because of the fact that one win will cinch the title for them. They have thi-ee remaining tilts in which to win the one clinching victory. Even if they lose all three, they will share in, the title. Boilermakers Still In Fight Oxir own team, on the other hand, has its eye on a possible title tie or an undisputed second place. We still have games With Iowa, Michi(Continued on page 4)
Co-C^ptaih
PW pefti r/ietS
... Rudy Soderquist can play either forward or guard, when Iowa’s coach Rollie Williams asks it of him. One of the squad’s steadiest players, he finished third in team scoring last year. Rudy is one of the few mefiibers of the t^am that is married.
By Paul M. Miller Beta Theta Pi fraternity won the inter-fraternity track meet jwith-^jtQl^h jo® Phi beita Theta and Tau Kappa Epsilon copped second and third honors with 15 and 13 points respectively. Betas Take Three Firsts The Beta ci-ew increased th.eir total of 8 points which they gained Monday, to ^7 by taking 3 firsts and 2 thirds ip the remaining events. Gutting of Beta. Theta Pi edged out Kei-cheval of the S.A.E. team to win the 60 yax-d low hui’dles in a time of 7.4 seconds. Brebner won -the high jumping honors for the Beta's by reaching the 6’; 1”- mark. ^..-Ihe Beta relay team, Cutting, Gjutting, Baker, and Pm’nswox’th, wpn the quarter-mile relay with the time of 48.3. - , The remaining points wex-e divided among the Phi Delta Theta, Al-
Spring Formals
LUCIEN LELONG LIPSTICKS
IN A LEATHER KIT
/aC’ /o£^
BASKETBALL Today- } ;ii . Coui-t^A TiOfi Ward 3 vs. Ward 2. 8:00 Laxnbda Chi Alpha vs. Theta •. or-y ■ ; -CARY HALL BOWLING . ,i 6:30 Z y C, H. 1 vs. C. H. 11. C. H.-6 vs. C. H. 8. C. H. 6 vs. C. H. 9. C. H. 7 vs. C. H. 10. 8:30 C. H. 2 vs. C. H. 12. C. H. 3 vs. C. H. 18: C, H. 4 YS, G. H, JL4. pha Ghi-Rho, and.Theta Chi teams. Second/day summary: . 'y Mile-—^Willi,- Theta Chi; Stover, Alp’na Gamma: Rho; . Mason, Phi iCOppa Tau. Time-^: 59.6. '■ 60 yard low hurdles—Cutting, BetaiTlieta- Pi; Kercheval, S.A.E.; Ketsey, Sigma Pi;;t7.4. • . Pole vault—--Ehlers, Phi Delta Theta; Rising, Alpha Chi Rho; Rich, Sigma Chi, Moox’e; Beta Theta Pi, and LeMaster, Phi Delta Theta (Tied for third). Distance—10’ 8”. High jump—Brebner, Beta Theta Pi; Brown, Phi Kappa. Height— 6’ 1” :‘ 440 yax’d relay-—Beta Theta Pi; Theta Chi; Kappa Sigma. Time— 48.3-.. 440 yard dash—Feistkorn, Kappa Delta Rho; , McMillan; Alpha Chi Rho; Farnswox-th, Beta Theta Pi. Time 53. Yesterday’s Standings At the finish of Monday’s competition the Sigma Pi squad was in first place with a total of 10 points, and they were followed by the Betas and Phi Belts who had eight points each. The Betas not only showed individual strength,, but they also presented a well balaixced all-around sqxxad. Homer Allen, Hermon Phillips, and Don Phillips as well as the rest of the intramux-al manager’s staff are to be complimented on the smoothness with which the meet was run off., ,
► A Successful Week-End The weekend invasion of Chicago by the Boileimaker.s Wa.s a mqst successful venture. Those two victories were the fii-st coxrfercnce games away from home won by Purdue this season—having lost to Indian^ Ohio State, and Minnesota on foreign eouit.s. , . - ■ In both games they played some of the best ball they have exhibited all season. Most important, in the Northwestern tussle they had their first good evening with their shots. Although no accurate statistics were kept of the shots at the game, it would be safe to say that they hit over 30 pet cent of theii-- chances.^efore this game they had never hit better than 25 per cent, and In most of the games the average was around 20 or below. ^ ^ Chicago Fans Can Take It Or Leave It Just.a few. minutes before the Chicago game began we begun to won- . der if anybody was coming: out to witness the tilt. At the starting gun there were few more spectators than watch the daily practice sessions of : the:Bbileirmakex’s. As the game got under way several moi’c persons Came; running the total to something over 1,000. . Apparently the Chicago students can take basketball or leave it. They sti-aggled in all dux-ing the first half and left at diffex'ent. points in the second period, It never occurs to them to stay for the end of the game, as they are quite sure of its outcome. They just drop-around for. a feyc minutes to see what the opposing team is like—then go back home aiid x’ead. It was estimated that the cash customers at the game was under 100 persons. . ^ i ^ Like Watching A Typical High School Game The setting of the Noithwestern game was similar to that of thei,;qrr dinary high school gaine, with the small size floor in bull pen fashion, suxTounded by a couple of thousand seats. Since the Evanston gym isla mile from the NorthwestexTi campus, not many students make the trip, and there were several hundx’ed seats vacant. .. f - Before the game we thought that it would certainly ci'amp the BpiL ex'inakei-s’ style of play to use-the smaller floor. If anything, it seemed to help them. At any rate, the fast break was working better than at afiy game this season, and the close-in passing was far supeiior to their earlier games. The three-two and twm-one situations were met with fix nesse—x-esulting in scores nxost of the time. Perhaps the large size;; of the Wildcat team was sixmewhat responsible for the more eipcient breaking—but the passing and ball handling were the real difference. ► A Rough BatHe Thex-e’s no getting around it^—it was dynamite to get within a ten foot radius of either basket in the game. Riley, Sprowl, and Conrad Werextn the x-eceiving end of plays that looked for the world like Benson, Krug^-, Clawson, and some of the other boys were x-unning interfex’ence for the ball carrier. ;. Yet, in,spite of all this, the Boilermakers controlled rebounds the best they have done this year. It was this reason that gave them the -conti’pl of the ball, and the resulting lead. ■ Captain Den Blankeri and Frosty Sprowl gave the Wildcat fans pn exhibition of scoring that they xvon’t soon foi-get. Blanken was using his loose two handed push shot as xvell as his looper, and they went right for the, net,., Sprowl ..was .deaULon. nearly every set. shot.,he.loi?k,_
Lee, Hall to Speek Before PjyQf Church Converation Today Dr. C. 0. Lee, of the School of Pharmacy and Dr. 0. F. Hall, of the division of education and applied psychology, will take part today ,in the annual Tippecanoe County, Sunday School Convention w'hich w:ill be held at the Christialix Church in Lafayette. Dr. Hall will be one of the principal speakers.,; .
• Clever Lucien Lelong jxuts three lipsticks ifl a little kit—three smart shades for you tp epjoy. Complement any costume or occasion with Tip Tac Toe. Come in soon, while our limited quaa-, tity lasts. Tic Tac Toe 3 Lipstick Kit
lOc
PAUL'S PL^Cl
BEEF STEAK — BEEF BARB-Q HOME MADE CHIU j: PORK TENDERLOIN ZZ; FURNAS IC^ CREAM 0
.. .21 W. Columbia- SC
Phone 2645'
We Deliver
518-20 Main Si.
Phone 5d36
ClofJ^es Socks Darned DIAL 7278
BitHELtciR SERvibE : 5 lbs. for $1.45 plus 85c per pouad for all over 5 pounds.
132 Norlhweslern Ave.
. Milt Kuhl towers Six feet, »x inches above the hardwood and is.a dangerous man under the basket where Riveter defense is weakest., His 183 points last year were s^ond only to Vic Siegel in Hawkeye team scoring. Requirements For Local ip Decreased
REC T AC T I To Get RES U LT S Advantage of the Classified Section in the
^ By Athletic Organization Armaments ax'e not the only field of preparedness being stressed today as the United States moves for-r ward in the war. Physical px-epated^ ness is one of the most inipoiftant, features of the war program^ and the University is not neglecting this phase of its cui'riculum. . , Not only in the PEM 12 daas^ but in the intramural department aro athletic instructoxs and managers doing full time wox'k. Particularly important in this, line has, been the lowering of enti-anee requirements by Sigma Delta, Psi, national xxthletic honox'ary. t- - In the past a man became-a member after pxxssing fourteen specified physical tests. Under the new regukitions, xxn aspix'ant may receive membership in the local chapter by passing seven of the previously required fourteen tests. To ..obtain membership in the national chaptev, however, the individual must meet the original X'equirements. ZAnother innovation under the xxew plan is the awarding of participation points to orgiinizations wlxo^e members xxieet the local requirements. These awards consist of twq participation points for each' mai) who qualifies. Tests ai'e txow. bailME' given in the Fieldhouse each week.
- Z ' 'kvi
' I ■M-J4 <'• fK
()1
ff
-t, ;"YW' ■ rv «f 'V',’ PurdiM 'Expdneht
o’f f
?"f
II
W^drieaday^ February^^ 1942
i 1
/ •pdri
l^lirtue Players Theta Xi
, , <ii«)iiatic honoiaiv, aniiouncts the^Jifttiation of the follow uig <^tu dents John AIxca, taiol Bals, Bill fifecheldei, Ropemaiv Boyd, Toni Businrtell, TianK Ciall Ruth Diay Marianna Duke Me^el Evanson, Grant Pielden Ltland Fishback I)On Giauei, Chaile'; Gicenhill Bob Hodapp, Robeit Huffman, Elizabeth Kis^am, Bill Lcstci Pauline Mai tin, Can oil Mnitindell John Moi iiSon, Ivail Moulton Jack Newman Mary Jane Osboin Maltha Rosen citins Dick Sidwell Sid Steins Chailc" ^^^ls taiolme \^ ood and Geoi fict Zissis
I
Netmen To Meet (Continued fiom jiaf^e 3) p-an and Illinois on then couits Victories 01 ei these w ould {rive us a good chance foi an undisputed sdcoiid biith besides swelling oui prcstiRC if wt tuin the tuck on the Ilhni Indiana mai une us trouble m 0111 lace foi second place and since we don t sret a second chanee at them thee have an equil chance to fill the spot below Illinois In the lowei half of the Bv Ten Rt^inding, Wisconsin holds down tim'd position with seven wins and five losses Northwestern s loui \ie tones and eight defeats entitles them to fourth place in the slighth lumblfcd standing Ohio State and Michigan both ha\e foui On the blaelv side and nine in the led which tie them in a coz^ knot foi the fifth beith Chicago as usual has kept then win side of the ledgei peifect h clean cxcent foi in embaiiabsing goose egg Then fouiteen defeats give them the cellai dnision of the Ilig Ten still it s sixth pHec in the sl4inding and that isn t so bid Not foi theMaioons imwac s iw
fiateinitv aiinouiiceb the ini tiation of the following Geoigt W Pctiee Auioia, 111 James hi Jack son, Dan\ die, Ki Joseph A Pciiy, Rivci PoiLst 111 I otiis A Pischei St I ouis Mo, Kail S Buinside, Minneapolis Minn Robeit II Wol fold New Albani Riehaid R Ran son Milwaukee Wis Robeit E Kanancn Coiineaiit Ohio, Joseph K Kolbiook I oiusville Kk , Gtoigc M Mackki Gill Joseph C Wink Ici Hammond and the pledging of the following Heniv S Wallace, Chicago 111 Jack M White Noi m inch Mo Dax is B Pottci Hamil ton Ohio and Gcoige W Buseh, Oiadcll, N J , Union Tea Dance Nets $16 In Defense Saving Stamps Ajipi oximateh lb dollais woith of defense stamps weie sold at the dooi of the legulai bi weekly Union Tea Dance yesteiday from 1 to 5 JO p m The dance, designed aftei the newly mauguiated Defense Mixeis, w as open only to those men pui ehas ing a ten cent defense stamp at the dooi
FoayiCTORY
Society Auloejiotlvfl Pnghiecrs Will nil mtltibu's who nnve alruiily joined tin Bociely pldiOe Burn Ih lint on the 9AE hullelln iHiurd in the ntituinoi'ivL Inhoin toiy / W< nc( d voui iinnics nddltHucs nnd phoiK niimbtiB to lomulctc our rtcortia • - KI3IL
BUY UNITED STATES DEFENSE SONDS STAMPS
D^an Jenkins
Classified Ads
Typcwrilcrs—Adliiig Maclinea all makps sold D r tori ropairorl and purcliafftfi Mimo oi,rci] h w jrk d ii C J LbtTHholT C06 Mam Lafayette Phone 2770 \<rTl ItssonK 1 it veU i tli 1 si i 1 c I '5C ) 11 }ls ^ t 1 ttl rc iltH 1 1IV it in, iructjon nlj I "*-ij lant r Ms t inctr pupih Aulition fret Tdwaid } nl St idio /I ihi Hotel Phont 40a
I o^t Scibbiil jrd Blade li KtAv id Chi Yate
lost Wilthin vr t vilch L C Cham IS on b?ck Rtw iid C ill 0^1
GRIN AND BEAR IT
of the Sehool of Phaimacy is 111 Wgsihington D C todax attend mg a meeting of the Executive Council of the Aineiiean Phaima
eeutical 'Vssociation
lost Bio ! lillfuld T Lafavettc bmi V Return U R R Ivinbill U^C Rc^^ard
\m tl t i inf n Iv i m ttii f r South Billiot m Mon 1 iv Roturn t 1 I
Lost Mm f, 1 1 I I in wrist v utch
ri ! C M II I V irl FI i
Sensational
SiA;mii Dello Cltl Initiation followed bv profcsbional dinner meotlnB Saturday Teb 2H at 6 00 p m in the Union Dave ibomp bon editor of PrAlHc Former and J R Benbnni editor of the Terre Haute Stor will speak TRAUGOTl Student Uahcri Student iiahers and po liee at varsity basketball Ramos Ret then motiiv at the ticket olfice in the rieldhonse
-DOAN
lila KAppa Nil Important imetiiiR fir discussion of pledRine Wednesday I eb 26 at >1 p m in the Readins Room of tiu LL Huildine —SOUrilMAYD Purdue ItcIiRiouH Council ItiRiilar mei t iiiR Wednesdov teb 26 at ( 60 pm in tin Council Office room 68 in the Union Diiiii leiper will apeak HAMit TON AlCliE Members are iiiviUd to attend Uic AIRE mcetinR Wcdiiesdnj Iib 26 at 30 p m m room 261 LE HiiildinR Dr Ilray mil be the speaker — KRAYBILL PIA Tea Dance will be held Saturday r eb 28 from I to 6 10 pm in the Sotilli Ballroom of the Union —ABblllLIi Purdue Players Ni w membeia who dcsiie keys will olcase leave Ui ir munis and $2 1'' with the secrctarv at lowlir Hall before 12 00 noon Saturday I eb 28 —GOLL Gold Peppers Dinmi mertiiif, at t 16 T m TliUrsdav lib 2( at the Alpha Chi house Call Beth Parlenheimii by Wediies daj noon I eh 2o if sou are unable to at tend SCAIin WAA Basketball I’nu tiles Wed and I re < f this week endiiij, 111 2 One pnietice in addition to iiitei mural praetici is le uuiiod —HLNNIS Agnculturikt Applieations foi positions in next years staff must U lumed in bv noon Saturday bibruarj 28 Appjication blanks are available in the ARrtcultiirist office - SNYDER Ilatlerv D 3 5th Siiiiad Gun squad drill at the armory beRinnuiR at 4 p m on Feb I 2o and 2 —SMALL Union Workers Meetint, of KidiiiR club eolnmitlco Wednesday Feb 2) at 4 16 in lilt Union office Kaplan Gee Piirman 01m sted Rutherford Carta ell Smith Grimei Richie Pendergast be then
GOSSLI1
Modern Dance Practice ju// nnd rolls at 6 p m nnd the Mazurka at 7 30 p m on Wednesdav Feb 26 Lveryohe be at prnc tiec rridiiv I eb 27 at 4 30 p m Siitur day 1 eb 28 at 4 p m and Monday Mai 2 it pm 111 the Home Lconomics Cnfetoriii - SDRBAN YWCA MeetinR of members Thursday I eb 2 at I p m MeelliiR of cabinet fluiib dav lib 2 at" 10pm NLWION bludciit Senate MectinR at 46 p m Wi Inesday Id 26 in tin Siiiale Office - DIBOS Student Senate S ni i Board nieetiiiR Widii sdi V lib 2r at '■ 11 p m in the Smite Office DIBOb I xpoticiil Svpbiimure Coeds bo| lioniores will work ns day idilirs startuu-, Wednts (lay Id) 2 bdiedule for Ibis wide is Wulneblny Hiss lliuibday Stiiibeig In tlav Beall Satuiduv Wickird Schedule for next wed is 11 sti d in office If v u eiii t woil in nssiRiiid d iv 1 least t me
RObL
Student Art Guild! Meeting Wtklfi^ddf, Feb 26 at 4 30 pm in rootti 281 dj^ the Union Members who mias thSrhe 6lrpiip]Or committee meetinga witlioilt elfcUse viHLall-, tomnticnlly be dropped from rtiembfranlp. Effective now —‘PARKS' Aeromodciers ImiiOrtant meeting lhiW8<i dav Feb 26 in room 80 of the Union Pldn* foi the invitntiori meet Sundav, Mat 1, will be diaeusSed —SMlTlI All Engineers 6pen meeting Wedhesj daj Feb 25 at 7 JU p m in room 26t of the Llectiicnl EnriiieOrlng Building Prof I L Brav will speak about cnguicering oppoi tuilities in Latin America —-KING
Skull and Crescent and Rit
Kevs arc ,in^ Come - hIsmLbk
Delta Itliii Kappa Meeting of all tha|d members at 4 pm 1 ndny Feb 27, in the eoiiferiiice room on the groiinij floor 0i the Exieutive Building Plans for aiding the Pirsoiind Service in I he lllling out sdnK r reioid forms will be discussed .
—DlEHLUlN
WAA Sliufflcbiinrd I irst round of fouriiiimeiil inusi bi played off by WcdnCiSpaitv 1 eb 21 lln following girls arc bchTOUlcd to pbiv linnt. \s BoWtr VcrHoeVCii Va, I outs Kendall vs bcliubcr lolica V2 Mer-
SCHUBEft
les
WAA 1 eiiein priutiii f i idav I eb 2 and liusliv Maieh ! I’laetli s an le Uitired foi p II tieii lilioii in toiiinim iit 1 MllOI I All bnpliumnrc Union Workers Mi et with Hal Knight and Barb 1 ell w m the Un icn Ollite Mon I ly Mir 2 iit 1 16 i ni Importaijt Be there I LLLOWS Cosmopolitan Club There will be a mi el ing 1 iidin Fill at 7 10 pin in the west f leulU kuii e Piofess i /anislein willsieuk Kill All Business Staff Compulsory mi i ting at 4 pm Wednesday I eb 26 in the swi el shop Powers is invited GJEMUL et al Tau Beta Pi Muting Widmsday Iil 2) in room 15 of Union at 4 30 p m foi all nieiiib rs Discussion of spiing i ledgiiii,
method
-MUNGFR MF 30 Make Up exams Fximlintions to lortiovi C no I 1 gradi's in MF U will le Riven baipriinv Mnich 14 at 1 p m in room 101 of the ML building Plense nilifv me if interi’stid —GEIGFR NYA Workers NY V eliirls tor i el i 1 tndiiiR I lb " ar now nv iibilil it the Ca liiirs ofRc i tie 1 \ c tvi b nidint HOI r 1 NbBL
ASM! iHiidliiii for mcmbelshlp in ASMl tins viar will be 1 riilay Match (J Menilvrsliip blanks arc available tn the M 1 off lie —TOPINKA WAA Ping Pong First round of toUWft111 lit iiiusf b( plnvcd off by Wednesday FVB* I iiirv I hi follovvitig girls are sen^uled li I lav Beck vs Hockart Shell va Fdule, Walerlniry vs Meinzei Evpna vs, Eradk* nun laiiatiib vs Jones Williamson vS Blank Mill r vs Scliiiljcr Erddell^hr vi I ird Wnniplei vs Bower MonhCir Vs Vferiliivii Buerglrr (li) vs OampholL K>n* dull va Roinerans •—SCH'pBEB Iiidrpciidcnt Staff RcaCrvattbps .for slitll i annul I are dm in the IndetieEaebt I flu I bi Widiiisdiiy 1 eb 26 Slffliify vvlielbir vou are bringing a daW Anif ine not miking a reservation will bo lCf( —SMULfevrtii
Goody's f^ino Sh6M Goodwin's Shoe Sto^e In Th« Vili2§« 302 State
In Your ^‘Clothes Conservation Plan ”— Include Crown Cleaning Service Regularly Crown Cleaning Reinov es the Grim and Dirt Thai Shortens the Life of Fabric.
“We’ll heue to be fiim with tathci and mothei—they’ic not to spoil hei—that’s oui lesponsibility ’’
Top of the Hill
FOLLOW YOUR NATURAL "BEND'
Otto Graham soghomore Wildcat toiward, has now relinquished “-tcond place in IJig Ten storing to oui 1 rostv Sprowl The Noithwestern star was held to 13 points in the Ruidut game Mondaj night while P’rostt garnered 15 points
NOTICE We now have our retail store open at 211 South Street and offer a variety of home made pies, baked fresh daily in our own ovens. We use the highest quality of ingredients and no imitations are used. Our pies are made just like you would make them in your own kitchen. Pay us a visit; our shop is always open for inspection. (pisL Sakn/uf.
IN
USTEX UIDIES
1/
an
aaiie
These supple lastex undies are marvels for seeming natural as your “birthday clothes ” Yet they do plenty of subtle trimming down Grand for sports, just enough under hostess coats, perfect all the time if you’re more or less average "because you love nice things"
THE PLAYGIRDLE — which IS a pantie too Allows freedom of action Detach able garteis Petal pink and white “.2 25
BRIEF GARTERED GIR DLE of Lastex with rayon satin front panel The stand by of pretty little figuies $2 25
Palais Roual.
The Way to Cut Expenses and Increase Sales Is to Advertise in the PURDUE EXPOIVEYT