^ l’'Vv<
Vdume 53, No. 97
West Lafayette,. Indiana
Wednesday, )ani(^i^^1^
$heean To Speak
Third Dav GoW Peppers Sponsor | W^y Not Forced Attendance?
1 ^ ^ CAn EHitorialV
Coed Defense Courses
Highway Men Discuss
Gonstructioh Problems W vi sj During Second Session |nRadl0, C0de,M0t0rS
By Drew Pearson V and Robert S. Allen OPM\$]l-A-Year Men Gefb fPey Fr^om Their Utility Go. Employers : WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. — The hard-hitting Truman committee hasir’t'gttt iaVound to the. matter yet, but some hot sensations are in stoi’e When the committee digs into the dollar-a-year-man handling of the power phases of the war production program. Fop years one of the hottest issues, in Washington has been the Power Lobby. It has been repeatedly investigated, and several years ago, after fierce legislatiy«; battlliS, the Federal Power and Holding Company laws were enacted to curb the lobby. The. Truman committee has confidential information that today this Ipbby is more powerfully eritfehched in the capital than ever before. Poi\rhonths, it ha.s been operating directly inside the government, forpiulatihg and running the Power policy pf the 0PM, which was until last week the key war production .agency. , Thi^ OPiVl .Power is not only manned yrith uti^lity officials, but tRey ’I^W ^i'ftll-bh thh pa^ pfiVate power companies. In other words, while presumably Working for the government, they are actually paid employes of the utilities. After being deluged with complaints that the utility-ruled 0PM Power, Division was secretly aiding independent rural po.wer co-ops, the House ■ Appropriations committee questioned J. A; Krug, head of the dlyisionj; on:, these charges. ' ■ 'Krug defended'his staff, but the conimittee, 'unconvinced, ordered him to submit a detailed report on bid" dbllar-a-year assistants, including the amount of salaries they ai/d drawing from utility companies ty.hile' working for the government. ; Twb tnonths have elapsed since Kriig; promise^ to produce this importapt information and so far he .has not done so. All the' coVnmittee has received was a'cagey letter from John Loi'd O'Brian,.former corporation attorney, who is 0PM general counsel, giving .‘a list of the Power Division’s personnel,' biit has nothing about their, private salaries. However, the (Continued on page 2)
Attendants at the twentyeighth ■ annual Road School studied specific problems of various phases of highway construction and maintenance in detail at five different sectional meetings yesterday. Today will be the third of the four-day sessions. County road' supervisors held an all-day session to study problems of road stabilization, bituminous surface treatments and organizational methods and staff supervision. Problems of traffic and parking were studied by the city engineers, traffic engineers and county surveyors in a joint morning session. The advantages and disadvantages of parking meters were discussed by H. L. Gwinnup,‘Anderson city engineer, and Prof. W. J. Henderson, of the Civil Engineering School, spoke on the latest der velopments in structural desigh methods before the city engineers and county surveyors in the afternoon. Morning Session This morning’s session will be a general session devoted to presentation of the activities of the Joint Highway Research Project., M. R. Keef, chief engineer^ State Highway Commission and chairman of the advisory board of the Project, Will preside over the meeting; On’ the program will be Prof. B. H. Petty, of the highway engineering department, Prof. K. B. Woods, D. J. Belcher, L. E. Gregg, W. H. Goetz, H. S. Sweet, A. K. Branham, R. E. Frost, all of the Engineering Experiment Station. Maintenance men, construction men, county officials qnd city engineers will hold separate sessions in the afternoon. Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of Engineering, will preside over the joint session of all county officials. Music Hall Tonight Tonight the Highway Materials and Equipment Association is sponsoring a program for the Road School in the Music Hall. The Glee Club, Concert Choir, and Orchestra will present the program. The Orchestra will begin with the “Star Spangled Banner,” “Victor' Herbert ‘Medley” and “Carmen Suite.” The Choir, accompanied by Joanne Lloyd on the organ, will present “Intermezzo” _ and ^‘Donkey Sei’enade.” The program will also include Gloria Spccht as a specialty dancer and Angelo Castcllani with a piano solo.
Registration Will Begin Tomorrow In Union Three defensh courses sponsored by Gold Peppers, senior women'S'honorary, and supervised by the Military Training Department are now being offered to the women students of the University. The courses will be radio code, motor repair and pistol firing. The radio code course will include instruction in code sending and receiving. Two sections of the class -vyill be offered, one on Tuesday and Thursday from 7 to 8 p.m. a:nd the other on Monday and Wednesday from 7 to 8 p.m. The classes will meet for two hours a week for fourteen'-' weeks, and there -will be no prerequisite. Motor Repair , The motor repair course is intended to teach women the general principles , of motors,^ driving of military vehicles, and driver maintenance. The only prerequisite for this course is that the student mUst be able to di'ive a passenger ear. This clas.s will meet on Wednesday evening from 7 to 9 p.m. for 16 weeks. A fee of 50 cents will be charged. After satisfactory completion of any of these courses, certificates will be awai’ded stating that the student has-’«Qni'pldted ”lHe defense training course. Limited Course? Women students desiring to take any of. these courses will have opportunity to register tomorrow and Friday froip 3 to 5:30 p.m. at the desk at the entrance to the sweet shop in the Union. Due to the nature of . the courses, only a limited number can be handled and those registering first will be given preference. r.h.r. R. M. Cable Elecfed To Parasite Council Professor li. M. Cable, of the biology department has received official notification of his election to the Council of the American Society of Parasitologists. The council functions as an executive committee of the society and its members serve for a period of four years. Professor Cable presented four papers at the annual meeting of the society, hold in connection with the American Association for the Advancement of Science convention at Dallas, Texas, during the Christmas vacation, m.l.r.
(An Editorial)
“For the purpose of providing' an agency through which the student of the University may be enabled to participate, actively and continuously, in the concerted efforts of the University to contribute to the National War Program” President Elliott recently aj^pointed the Student War Council. One Week ago the War Council was called upon by President Elliott to express student opinion on a proposed plan for setting aside present voluntary attendance rule for juniors and seniors. The Gouhcil immediately replied that it believed that “the re^%latiph‘s concening the voluntary attendance of classes shout'd ^ramain as they have in the past.” The Expc^ehl heartily endorses this recommendation for the following reasbhs : 1. CQmpulsory attendance''of classes is a childish regulation. W‘hen a’person reaches college age, he should govern his own actions : it is each individual’s responsibility to attend classes. Those persons who have made a practice of cutting classes ha've depended in the past on summer schools or a fifth year to graduate. But now there \yon’t be any of these summer sessiphs or fifth years, and if a student is going to meet the University’s requirements for deferment in the draft, he will have to attend classes. 2,. There is an. unfairness in a blanket reguktidn such as compulsory attendance. In many courses part of the work can be done outside of class, and on some occasions more can be accomplished out of class than in a recitation. Also, such a blanket rule penalizes the good students along with the. bad. Those who make a practice of class cutting are by far in the minority. V 3. Excuses are easy to obtain'. If a student is determined to cut class, he won’t have too much trouble getting an excuse
for his absence.
4. Compulsory attendance is unnecessary regimentation. Regimentation is all right when it is for the public welfare, but there is no sense to it when it concerns only the individual. 5. Such a regulation would cause a reaction among the general student body that would be unfavorable to both the students and the University. V Mixer Will Promote Questionnaires To Poll Defense Stamp Sale; Qn Summer
Correspondent Corn&s
Fresh From Battle
Vincent Sheean, foreign correspondent and veteraii raiSitary and political observer, who rpturned to the United^ktes from a trip to the Far East and the South Pacific on tHe eve of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, will be the speaker at the regularly scheduled University convocation next Tuesday night, at 7:30 p. m. in the Music Hall. Sheean, who started his joumalistis career as a member of the staff of Chicago university’s Daily Maroon, has had; a —————— ——— variety of assignments, lin-
cluding such things as Rif Rebellion in Morocco in 1924, |he
Vincent Sheean
Wanted: 10,000 Physicists 'K ■4' '
Mih With Training In Electronics^ Physics Needed For Armed Forces
By Bill Hoskins H. M. Jame.s, formerly of the ■University .physics staff, now in a responsible position in the dcfen.se la'borafories at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, recently returned to the campus to address the Physics staff on problems of defense; trainine'. James pointed out that at least 10,000 'men with advanced training in electronics and physics are needed immediately for defense industries and the armed forces, and that over 100,000 men with training jn electricity and radio fundamentals are needed right away to bSgin production on essential radio and rdhimunications equipment. Dr. James aslied further that all students should he notified of this condition inimediately, and that anyone With reasonable skill in laboratory technique and a fundamental working knowledge of mathepiatics should be encouraged to take courses providing further work in radio a*id allied fields of study. Radar Proves Effective It is‘'a red6g(hizcd fact that the
new equipment called “Radar,” first developed by the English to locate invading enemy planes, has repeatedly saved the British Isles from invasion by air. A complete net of this equipment has been placed around the entire coast of England. According to Dr. Karl LarkHorovitz, head of the Physics del)artment, the “Radar” equipment will have to he utilized around the entire coa.st of the United States in order to provide a fool-proof nef of interception. And, with the Unitet“^tates carrying out its present policy as “arsenal for the democracies,” the electrical and radio industries of the country will undoubtedly have to manufacture similar equipment for the protection of the coasts of South America and China. . Radio Industry WjH Expand Because of the need for this equipment and for radio Communications for the armed forces, LarkHorovitz says that it has been rumored that the radio industry in
America will expaird to twice its present size. A campaign has already been put under way by Dr. Lark-Horovitz and a committee of educators to increase the high school training jn physics, and mathematics to meet the great need for men .trained in these fundamental studies. The Superintendent of Public Instruction in Indiana, Dr. C. T. Malan, recently told Dr. F. B. Knight and Di‘. Lark-Horovitz of the University staff that the navy had asked him to increase the instruction of math in the high schools. In emphasizing the need for men trained in the aforementioned fields Di'- Lark-Horovitz stated that the number enrolled in the advanced Physics' courses was rediculously small in view of the crying need for those men. He also stated that both engineers and students oniollcd in other courses at the University could take courses in fundamental electronics and radio worlc ort'ei'ed in both the Physics department and the Electrical Engineering -school.
Irv Givens To Play In connection with the defense stamp sales taking place on the campus, a Defense Mixer will be held next Saturday. The price of the mixer has been cut to fifty cents plus a five cent tax, payable through presentation of a booklet containing fifty cents worth of defense stamps. Ijrv Given will pla5r
for the mixer.
The defense stamp booth which wa.s placed at the entrance to the south ballroom of the Union yestei'day reports that stamp sales are on the increase. Stamps on sale at the booth are of ten and twentyfive cent denominations. With the first stamp bought a book is given in which to keep the stamps. When the booklet contains $18.75 worth of stamps, it may be cashed in on a bond which in ten years will be worth $25, an interest of 2.9 per cent compounded semi-annually. The stamp booth in the Union will sell stamps from 11 to 12 o’clock in the morning and from 3 to 5:45 in the afternoon of week days throughout the semester. So that those who go to the Union only on Sundays will have a chance to buy defense stamps, the booth will be open Sunday, afternoon. Those who wait until the last minute will be able to buy stamps at the door. Stamps are also on sale at the Executive Building, WRH, and Cary
Hail, c.c.m.
Ph'ysically Unfit? The Personnel Service has just received' a request for engineers who are disqualified from military . service on account of inability to pass the physical examination.s of the armed forces. In order for the Personnel Service to be of service to such persons, it is requested that they report immediately to Dr. Miller in the Health Service for examination. This opportunity is contingent upon the nuriiber of people available.The af’ca comprises locations in or near Chicago, Milwaukee and Minneapolis. W. E. Vogler Director of Personnel
Semester Attendance Cards are being passed this week among all freshman, sophomores and juniors, on which there arc printed questions concerning attendance at the new summer semester. The poll is intended to determine how many students will be enrolled next semester, which begins May 5. Questionnaires will be passed in physical education or military classes for freshmen. Juniors and sophomores will receive theirs through the deans of the schools. The poll was arranged in order to allow the University to plan an adequate program and to retain number of instructors for the summer session. Under the new program, if a student attends three semesters a year he may 'graduate in two years and two semesters. There will be a vacation from Aug. 22 to Aug. 31, and one at Christmas. Following are the three questions on the cards: 1. Will you return to the University for the summer term beginning May 4, 1942 ? 2. If the answer is No, please state why. 3. Do you plan to attend the University continuously and graduate as soon as possible? a.l.w. PE Staff Offers New Graduate Courses Two graduate courses in physical education designed for in-service high school teachers are being offered at the University during the current semester, according to Prof. F. R.' Eastwood of (the division of physical education for men. , One course, entitled “History and Principles of Physical Education and Health,” is being offered on Monday nights from 7 to 10 p.m. The .second course, “Organization and Administration of the School Health Program,” is scheduled for Saturday mornings from 9 to 12. Both are three-hour credit courses and mi;y be applied tov.'jirl certification for a teaching licen.ia in physical education. Teachers interested in enrolling in either or both of the courses may contact Professor Eastw'ood in room 110 of the Fieldhouse. b.m.p.
Civil Service The Personnel Office has just received word that a representativa of the U. S. Civil Service, C. B. Sullivan, will be on campus on Thursday, Friday arid Saturday of thjs week to interview all students, men and women alike, regarding positioris open in Government service. All interested students are requested to attend a group.meeting to be held at 4 R.m. Thursday, Jan. 22, in room 108 of the Mechanical Engirieering Building. Since the Government'is one of the biggest employers of engineers, arrangemerits will be made immediately after the group meeting for individual interviews. Any student with questions should contact the Personnel Office.
Arab-Je'wish riots in Palatine in 1929 and the German Aririy’s march into the Ruhr valley, which began the series of aggressions leading up to the war in the.Auinimn
Of 1939.
Recent World Tour More recently, however, Shhean was in Spain diu-ing the civil war and witnessed the fall of Catalonia. When the Germans moved into Czechoslovakia, France arid the low countries, Sheean was on the spot. He was in England during the in-: tensive borribing of 1940. On his trip to the Far East fall, Sheean made his first stpjg'iat Auckland in New Zealand. Froiri Auckland he went to Sydney, .‘Batavia, Singapore, Bang]|;olffi*B®n* goon, Chungking and Hong'Ttoilgi dA ring the trip he. intervfeWPjl Chiang Kai-Shek, Madame Kai-Shek, various *ChI|t‘ese/isjei^l als and leaders. Prime Mittisfteri'Gin*-; tin of Australia and ^mrious oiKor. important figures in the battle; for. ; the. Pacific. . . Up-To-Date On .\fFdirs On the return trip Slieerin. taf]^ with army and navy leaders:, in-i^ Philippines, Guam, Wake,' Midfsi^^. 'and Hawaii and thus;he is. exp^te|| to pres ent an up-tp-tKe-mihute'Tfg( ■ port on the background 'of the Iciest developments in this areiia,'“of war. . -J.; ;.i': 'iV-.-st.;'-It is upon this badcgropiiA, of %8t hand experience thatrSheeaHr::,;.;^!!: base his talks at Tuesday's convocation .Doors of the Music EiaU jifriiK open at 7 p.m. and admissioiij^il bev by .season tickets, passports jpr siriglV, admission tickets at fif^.five;;cents each. d.e.b.'■
University’s Artificial To Cease Soaking Staclents Upon Completion Of TotiMr
By Stan Wolf Freshmen are going to mi.ss the shower-bath that they used to receive from that oversized bird-bath behind the power plant. For it seems that the spray will no longer spray, and the wind that used to wash the faces of those who wandered over to the shops for seven o’clocks, will no longer carry water. Our curiosity got the best of us tlio other day when we watched the men fiom the physical plant execute suspicious movements (every movement is suspicious' since the war) under enough cah'Vas Jo house a regiment at Fort Knox. So we went over to talk to someone about it. Referred from one person to another, questioned as a sabokier, and thrown out of three buildings, we finally got to talk to R. T. Hamilton, superintendent of the physical plant. New Cooling'Tower He told us all abPut the new cooling toWer that they are building over in the bird-bath. It seems that the sprays, used since 1924 when the power plant was built, are going to be j'oplaced by a newer, more efficient method of cooling water for condenser.s in the plant. Built for only half the capacity that they are now serving, the sprays will be replaced by a 30-foot wooden tower. Insteau of being spraye.d into the air, much to the annoyance of the freshman, the water, pumped to the top,'will be allowecj to trickle over heavy hoards, spaced through the entire height of the tower. Future Expansion Built over the present water basin, the tower will it-rt cover it completely, but will allow for future expansion. The tower will i'c divided into, three ccdls of equal size. A huge fad, twelve feet in diameter
and powered by a thiriy-lidrsepqw-cr electric motor, will dratv air through each one of the three cellsi. And the new water tower is nrit all of the construction going on jat' the power plant. J. C. Herinigar, chief engineer at the plant, will have a new steam boiler in the near future, we were told. The equipment has already arrived, and is now waiting to be installed. Eighth To Be Installed Eighth to be installed, the new boiler will fill the last position‘provided when the building wris . (Continued on page 4) AWS Worjk Explain^ At Freshmen Call ^ Opportunitie.s for freshman coetl workers of AWS were listed aii4. . explained at the callout yesterd|y‘. afternoon in the .AWS office o'f 'tlid Union. President .A.gn;es McGuUqie|L explained the workings of tifiS' • gaiiization’s executive board) after which the comiuittee chaiftqejA elaborated on ttie work'of ttteiir', eommittees. r, ' The AWS executive; board, coAtc posed of the elected officers of ' organization, committee chairwtAjfti and leaders of other campus acfe.&^ itie.s, is the policy forming beanqb of the oiganization. ' ; : Freshmen may work on' any' the following'five c-ommittees: tivities, office, residence, orieb|^* tion or defense. ^ The new defensie eomnrlttee present a series of ‘'six de,fense. :l^; ■ tures with sneakers frofai.-th>t%;^; ■, tory and economies ■ conjunction with the, vyar.. chubeErr: ■e.h.a.
- ’:<sjBXCERPTS PROM THE CORK’S DIARY . Satai:<l»y evening 6:46: Started to study physics, ^Xll tlwugM we’d better call Gloria. She said she sure ’jeb'Uld'i like to go to Les Brown dance tonight but thttt ho' one had asked her. Told her that sure was tough. -r • •, Saturday evening 7:16: Opened physics book, but thought that’maybe Gloria would go to dance. Galled her and she said that she hadn’t thought m\ich about it, but that it was all right with her. Sunday, afternoon: Started to w'ork on physics, but brother came in ahd said let’s go down to Tom’s and get a coke before they are all gone. Said all right, but bottle cokes were all gone. Had to get a fountain coke and waitress started to fill glass up w'ith ice. Told her to go easy on ice; so she filled it up with water. Came home.
Sunday evening: Called Gloria up befoi’e working on physics .and she said come over here quick. We said w'hat’s wrong and she said, “Oh, I feel So lonesome.” Went over there and took Gloria and bus-to show. Went tp “How Green Was, My Valley.” The picture was sad and w'e cried a little. J^an in. fronti said comedy was sadder, but think he had a poor sense of humor. •—— Had coke at Kienley’s afterward and played “Blues in the Night” on juke box, but it wasn’t as good as Les Brown did it. Our Boss came in and told'us if we played it again that we could go out for some other activity than the paper this summer; so had Gloria, play it.
‘If*' F4t^r’^^fat'.To^44#alnt witff the ^eWeediiJgftJ the Student War Council, tftfe iSkpopeht excerpts from the Cbuncil’s matings. ThcM are the niinntog which were referred to in the Editorial of Sunday’s paper. Much of the discussion matter is removed because of lltttited'Spacb/To, date the cOuncit’’h'as held’ six tnee'tihgfe. ’Thb follttwingj are . mihut^s. of. the. ftlrst>tW0; minutes of other meetings will be-published'tat later dates.
The drug store was crowded and service was quick, like in the Sweet Shop on Saturday night; Cokes finally caine, and it was only half an hour before eleven o’clock hours. Tpld Gloria we’d be glad when W A A' discontinued coed hours for the, duration, and she said same here.
Started to study physics. Door bell rang and family was here. Mother said why don’t you get a haircut, and you need sleep so bad. Asked Dad what we
Looked at physics book when we came home and said “What the hell. The army will get us anyhow” like prexy told us, and so to bed.
, ■ Fir^t'Mfec.ting ' ,
January 7, 1942
Eichard Dibos, chairman, opened the meeting, by discussing, what htf' thonght wereisome of the purposes and duties of the Student W^v Cbuhcil. Other meprbers contributed to this opening discussion and, together, we decided that it should promote stu,dept activities that will be of , help in the Natipna,!, War E,rogram and of help in preparing them.for more! adequate service later; that it should, serve: as, a link between the stdr dents and faculty mehibers in, both of tiieir efforts to, contribute to the War Program. We expressed our willingness to serve in an advisUry. capacity in cases in which the faculty wishes to know student opinion. We realized that, our task will be no ... ■ '
small one arid will involve cooper-
ation of the entire student body and Gouneil was urged to use Mr. Stew-
Robert Si i0en
MERinr-QO
Cornell Uhiversily
(Continued from page 1) little information O’Brian did disclose speaks volumes. It shows that no less than 18 key officials in Krug’s division are dol-lar-a-year and “WOC” (without compensation) men, who are still on private utility pajTolls. Note: Appropriation committee members estimate that the total pay these men draw from power companies is more than $250.,000 a year. War Production Chief Donald Nelson has privately indicated he will housclean Krug’s unit. • Capital Notes When Senator Theodore (The Man) Bilbo pf Mississippi is lookirig for his No^-o-chauffeui', Claude Sullivan, the'first place he calls is the White Hou.se kitchen, where Claude’s wife works. “That boy,” says Bilbo, “eats more meals in the White House than the President” ... When the President delivered his historic message to Congress, an Appropriations committee clerk rushed up to a House doorkeeper ' asking the v|heteabouts of public-ity-wise Re^e^ntative Jennings Randolph of^West Virginia. “I’ve got to get hpm right away,” said the clerk. “Hefe 'riot on the Democratic side.” SyLook on the Republican side,” .s’uggbsted the doorkeeper. “That^-s where the newsreel cameras- are focused.” Sui-e enough, Randolph was .seated within camei'a i-ange of the GOP side. • Langer$ Fate The fate of Senator William Danger, recommended.dor eximlsion by the Seriate Electibris Committee, depends on onefthirig: Whether t^dliSpnate decides it takes a two-thirds or onlj^ a majoiity vote to oust hini. If the verdict is a majority vote, then the stocky, eigairchewing North Dakotan’s goose is cooked. If it’s two-thirds, then he is probably safe. A .secret poll showed a definite majority of the chamber agreeing with the Elections committee that Danger is unfit to .sit in the Senate. But there are enough doubtful senators to make the outcome', of the contest uncertain if it decided that a two-thirds vote is necessary to unseat him. Actually, Danger’s fate will be decided by a majority vote, because
the Senate’s stand on which rule applies w'ill be decided by such a count. Danger contends that since he was seated when he pi-esented his ci-edentials last year, it requires a two-thirds ballot to oust him. The opposition denies this, pointing out that he was seated “without prejudice.” It i.s contended this niearis that the Senate expressly left open the door foi’ future consideration' of his eligibility and that hi,s status, therefore, is the same as a newcomer seeking admittance to the
chamber. .
This argument will be settled by the Senate by a majority vote, so that this vote, in effect, actually will determine whether Danger is allowed to remain in the Senate or is sent packing. The phrase, Pearl Harbor, has already become the rallying cry of a united America, Public and press have ceased carping and settled down to winning the war—with one notorious exception. , Father Coughlin’s' “Social Ju.stiCe,” while grudgingly admitting the necessity of fighting, continues to snipe at the government. Congress, Britain, and Russia. The December 22 issue published two weeks after the Japanese attack, was packed with passages of hostility. After blaming the bankers and politiciaris for bringing on the war, the rab-ble-rousing priest paid a tribute to the Japanese, made a thrust at Hollywood, and printed a poem about youth wallowing iii gore.' • Merry-Go-Round A Washington air raid wai'den called the Office of Civilian Defense to ask what kind of tape should be used for taping windows in event of a raid. The amazing answer was, “It depends on what kind of bomh.s are dropped” . . . New York air laid wardens are complaining that every order they receive is countermanded five minutes after it is given . . . FCC’s foreign broadcast monitoring service records, translates and analyzes between 600,000 and 900,000 words of foreign broadcasts every day . . . Navy Secretary Knox has a bust of Theodore Roosevelt on his desk . . . Uruguayan Ambassador Juan Carlos Blanco has an autographed photo of Theodore Roosevelt on his desk . . . Bakers hi the Army Quartermaster Corps
Engineei'ing College of Cornell University announces a number of available fellowships and .scholarships. Scholarships offered include the John McMullen Graduate Scholarships, the Tuition Scholarships, the McGraw Fellowship in Civil Engineering, a Graduate Scholarship in Civil Engineering, the Elon ijuntington Hooker Fellowship in Hydraulics, the Sibley Fellowship ip Mechanical Engineei'ing, the Edr gai- J. Meyer Memorial Fellowship in Mechanical Engineering and the' Charles Bull Earle Memorial Fellowship in Electrical Engineering. A few pre-service fellowship.S; in public administration for the academic year 1942-1943 at the. University of Minnesota are open. Persons interested in any of these may secure information at the Person-
nel office, r.m.f.
faculty.
The iiMRortance of- having, a definite organization whichiwould. coordinate war activities of all organizations for the 4*fi",ktioh of the war Was stressed; Richard, Dlbbs. remained the chairman arid Agnes McGulloch-was elected secretary.. Weekly meetings of the council will be held. ,, From Miss Airiy, Bloye, head of foods and nutrition in the Hpme Economics School, was a letter suggesting that the Student War Goun-
art’s suggestions and help. All men who are now regis-
tered under the Selective Service Act, plus those who will register February 16, must register for P.E;M. course. This answers
another student question.
It was I'ecomriiended that the Exr porient carry a story urging that all stude.rits register for draft in local boards rather than in respective
home town boards.
A recommendation that a wellinformed news commentator might be engaged, if possible, to address
oil consider sporisoring lectures to student body at a special con
inform students, about, selection of vocation was made.
proper diets, in order to keep physically fit. It was felt that this was a good suggestion and will be considered at a meeting in the near
future.
A letter from Professor H. B.
The War Council recommended a series of discussions, on subjects related to the war, by members of the history, economics, and,government departriient. Those names suggested as possible speakers were
Knight suggested Harry Steimnetz Professor Sears, Professor Murphy, as representative of the graduate Professor Estey, and Professor Alstudents on the War Council. berg. The student morale commitThe council voted, unanimously to tee will discuss this matter with accept the services of Harry Stein- Professor Estey as soon as possi-
metz ds a consultant in any • mat- ble.
Lettei? to Editor
Editor's Note: Since last September the Exponent has been distributed to army camps in all’ parts of the: country* 'I'bis letter is one of those received from former students and alumni now in the serytce;
Dear Staff : Just recently I found three fairly recent copies of the good ol’ Exponent here in one of-the Second Battalion lounges. I don’t know how you ever got it here, but it was a pleasant thrill to see one again. A million thanks!. Lawrence Hess Bldg. 653, Rm. 1120 U. S. Naval Air Station Pensacola, Fla. University Distrilbutes Copies Of Prexy’s lilfc “The Day and Our Duties,” the speech delivered by President Elliott at the special defense convocation on December 15, has been published in booklet form, and is now available to all University students. The publication, is in response to many requests. Copies may be obtained from the students’ respective school and department heads.
are experimenting with “tomato bread,” made by adding tomato juice or canned tomatoes (rich in vitamins) to the baking, dough . . . Representative William S. Hill of Colorado tried to drum up trade for pinto bean growers during his recent visit to Britain. He took with him a large bag Of the beans and distributed them among British officials. “I hoped they might include pintos in lend-lease orders,” Hill grins, “but the British .still prefer their, white beans.” (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
fiwutwL £xpimmL All-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the po.st office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20,!!i922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and .weekly during the Sumrtier Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3:50 per year, mail subscriptions,' $4.00.
Eilitor-in-Chi«f Nwk Editor .. .. SporU Editor. .
,.N«d A. Ochiltree Business Manager,;.... ..John L. Traugott Managing Editor ...Phil Johnson Coed Editor
..>....Don S. Poirers ..Leland W. Kliffner' Kulh Kose
Publication Staff Editorial Staff: J. E. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D; T. Brophy, B. D. Hadley. F. J. Jones, E. C. Kieper. Eporta Staff: O, T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler, Coed Staff: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Jane Eamsdell. Associate Editors
Blisiness Staff Coed Business Manager: Donna Siess: Office Manager: Lee Bossong'. Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, K. B. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell: Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
Phonet: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national adyertisine: by National Advertising Borvice, Ine,. College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New' York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
Ediiturs
Issue Editor: Kimbreli Sports Editor: Keeler
Reporters: C. Martindeil, A. Wiekard, E. Ahrens, K. Kpouemore, J. I). Smith, R. L. Marion, H. V. Stenbei'K, R. M. Paraons. 1). Piekurinfr, M. L. J. leaner, I>. Ilut'/, (1. Starr, $. A. Watson. 1). M. Shryer.
ters pertaining to the graduate school and in matters concerning student morale in which he is interested. After the; council Iras become better organized, it may consider inyiting him to attend its meetings. Second. Meeting January 10; 1942 Dick Dibos, wh6 presided, read a letter which had been sent by Bud Eberts, a student,, to-Professor F. C. Hockemq qnd .which. had, been referred to the War Goimcil for consideration. It; suggested that some students stage a “Defense Show” for the purpose of stimulating interest in the buying of defense stamps and bonds. Only, enough of the admission fee to pay expenses for the show would be kept;.the remainder would bo returned in defense stamps- to the students. The Council felt that the idea was a. good one and appreciated Mr. Eberts’ interest. However, it felt that students’ time and enei'gy could not be spent in. preparing a. show during this semester as more time must be left for classroom woj'k. From President Elliott was a letter asking for the council’s statement on behalf of the student body concerning an Executive Committee recommendation to set aside during the war the regulation concerning the voluntary attendance upon classe.s of juniors, seniors, and distinguished students. This would be for the purpose of empha.sizing the importance of attending all classes in ordcf to keep, academic work Up-to-date. The Council discussed this pro- , posal and then voted to recommend that the regulations concerning the voluntary attendance of students upon .classes remain as it has been in the past. We. discussed various ways of initiating and' executing a drive for defense stamps. A dance or a show in; the Music Hall not requiring .student work seem the best kinds of entertainment to use for this plan. It was decided that we attempt to obtain Artie Shaw to play in the Music Hall at some time during February or March. A; part of the admission fees would be given back to the students in the forjn. of defense., stamps. It vVas thoqght that at some .sort of entertainment a part of the admission fee. could hp given- back in defense stamps in a book in order to encourage further buying. A letter from Mr. A, P. Stewart offered the services of the musical org'anization.s in carrying out plans of the Council. Especially will his services of value in executing programs to boost student morale. He has suggested the possibility of having. Sunday afternoon musical programs in the Music Hall and of liaving. periodical group sing “Gettogethers” in the Union on Sundays. The Union might cooperate in serving a special Sunday evening meal at that time. The student morale committee of the Student War
After much discussion, it was recommended that we investigate the classes of work which seniors may enter and the; employees of which are'being deferred at the present time. This is in response to student concern about the question. This information will be publicized or otherwise made known to the student body. It is the desire of the council to coopei’ate with the Civilian Defense organization as much a.s possible and to familiarize the students with its activities. It was recommended by the War Council that the social calendar be left, instact but that all-University affairs such as dances should be limited In scope and that organizations use discretion in making expenditures. The Council wishes to boost the attendance at the Thursday afternoon movies at the Music Hall sinep they are an e.xgellent means of educating students concerning war developments and implications. ' The Council recommends that t,he Union spohsoi- at intervals defense mixers for the purpose of boostingsales of defense stamps. Such mixers would be planned and executed by the Student Union which would appoint certain of its workers to be in charge of all arrangements including those with government agencies for the books of defense stamps.
New Students All new students of the second semester who have not yet had their student identification pictures taken .should report to my office at their convenience on Wedne.sday and 'rhursday of this week between & a.m. arid 4 p.m. F. 1. Goldsmith Assistant Dean of Men
qf ;fhe' ■p^iyersity ^^stu(iririt bi'hridh bf lihri American -Society oA Mechanical Efl^irieers are eligible to compete for the $50 A. A; Potter Award for the best essay on “The Engineer as a Citizen During the Prekerit Eiriefge'ricy.” ' Essays are limited to 3,000 words, arid are to be judged upoti theii' influeuce on engirieering student opinion in, the, direction of piore-ac-. tiye paji'ticiRation-in the field of pubjlic ser'vice. Deadline for entrance of papers will be June 1. Prospective contestants afO; re«iuested to, regig- , ter their names-with,Erof. H: Av Bqjz, honorary chairman of the student branch; of ASMjE. The Natiopal Committee on Engineers’ Civil Responsibilities is sponsoxipg, the. contest, which is intended to impress engineering students with the importance of partic.ipating eaiiy in their careers in civic affair’s, a.l.w. Senate Plan$ CalJ-Out For frosh Workers Because of increased work due to helping' the Student- War Council and planning for a regional convention of student senates to bo held here soon, the Student Senate will hold a callout for freshmen rvorkers . Friday afternoon a.t 4 in the Union Senate office. At the mass meeting President Dick Dibos will discuss the affairs and activities of the Student Senate. According to Beth Partenheimer, in charg'e of personnel, the respon.sibilities of the Senate will be increased rather than restricted under the present University \yar
program, k.r.
engineering Profs Visit. Illinois Ordnance Plant Professors J. H. Bowman, School of Electrical Engineering, W. E. Howland, School of Civil Engineering, and S. B. Elrod, School of General Engineering, have returned to the University after spending two weeks at Carbondale, 111., where they were engaged on consulting engineering at the Illinois Ordnance Plant, r.l.m.
■ 9:66]' News ' ' 10:00’ Curio Man . ' 10:16 Morning Melodies • . ’ - 10.:|ft,,,'WJBiAA'Presents ' l-0:45.-' .Theatre-,of, Sqji^g 11:00,,^ “Newspaper apA . Writing” with Prof. J. :.':McKPe' ' li.lfiOf, Pui'due News ' 12j'p0 Agricultural Forum, 12:15-: Meet the Band I2f46;. ()Fje3?ib:l|(.;, fpPy.Sppcial •. Evpntg-).' ^ ' I'iOO“Piiiripiples; of j^eiology” , ' 'W'iti|)'.PvQf.'T.,.Ky.Npagi;;--., ■- 1:46; Maij'kets , ^ 2:00 A Story A Day '-i ^'V - 2:15 WPA Tran.scrjp.tipri.'; ! .r 2:30 Moods in Musip^My^ C;.Wv Hemmer.., 3:00 Musje . y 3:10 Music. ; 3:15 Special Mvisical Programs’^ ■ 3:30 Organ.Moods, ] 4:00 Tea,'Time Tunes,. 4:30. Purdue Bands ' 4:45. Just Relax;6:16 Current Books with Hclon
Seaton
5:30 Vespers 5;46 Cru'io Man 5:55 News 6:00 Dinper Music 6:30 . Sp'orts Review 6:45 Melody Maids . ] 7:00 Symphony Hall . . 8:00 What’s Art To Me? , 8:16 Marching Along 8:30 Eventide Echoes , 8:46 From the Press Box , •. ' 9:00 Ii'V Given’s Band 9:30 Music 9:65 News ,
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK Dr. KAROllD |. RISK — DENTISTS.... 400-404 Sehult* Bids. 4th and Main St. Lafayf^'e
^ Everything for a 1. ^ College Education 4 i DEAC’S I ♦ . ' 4 y4.4-4.44444.-Nt
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
Goody's Fine Shoes Goodwin's Shoe Store In The Village 302 State
JUSMiMST NOLAN . ALEXIS SMiVii
lAMvend -NOW PLAYING^
with FAV BAINTER VIRGINIA RAV RICHARD WEIDLER • MCDONALD • QUINE . DONAIO ALEXANDER MEEK • WQQLLCOr,
... will hold a turkey dinner this Friday evening at 6 p.,ni. to honoiits 1941 Poultry Judging team. The dinrier, to be held in the Poultry Building, will honor J. L. Ramp, C. Reed, C. R. Shepherd, and R. B. Arvidson.
■ KEEP YOUR HOME NEAT AND ATTRACTIVE WITH, ACE PAINTS FIXTURES — HARDWARE John Sperb Hdwe. 822-24 Main St.
MARf THURSDAY FRIDAY-
A WRIRLING MERRY-GO-RGliND OF MUSIC, FUN, RO MANAGE!
GAROLE LAMDir ^ GEORGE MONTGOMERY
m'fh. ' . ■-.‘.i- ^■'t'?' JQHN SHEPPERD ^ WliyAM TRACY ^ andJanis Carter* Robert LPNery>Ba$IIWalker>Cbarles . Tannen <0111011 Chandler LAST DAY
v't
— TODAY — 2 FIRST RUN "hits —
One of the Great Hite of aqy. Season! ALL THAT MONEY CAN BUY with EDWARD ARNOLD WALTER HUSTON SIMONE SIMON PLUS
WEEK-END FOR THREE with DENNIS O'KEEFE JANE WYATT
STARTS tomorrow DOUBLE FEATURE
ANOTHER ‘OODilE efTYM
A WARNIR BROS. HIT, vHn' DENNIS - JANE' 'WAVNE ! ARTHUR, MORGAN • WYMAN • MORRIS'- KENNEDY
PLUS
BORROWED HERO with ALAN BAXTER FLORENCE RICE
j K
;'.r I ‘ 6 I
<1, Hawkey e ~ Star
taVii ^
I
n
■ f }k
f ague Phi 'fifelta (Theta, will meet elta/t^siiIg(a;'‘on'Thursday'in., the j^tnifi^nli^^ to". d^jQjdh, theif
brack*
one of tl^e g^i>ts in,, the playoff round ’'tifith.tli’ei,p%er p]l§cp still undeeWe^" ' •■r'; the.tjSign^^^ ' I^i'' Ep8ilpn4sq^^iiJe|t)[nvWlli^;iwP SigraaiAJ]^n'T\j«i.squad for the in-ter-fratefAity squasK, cr.d,wn. The ^jB's:f(|j(^|t^;'d^^jh^;y' arid;,; it' might he said perennial squash (!lfc^mp&/^)ip^|eajn‘ f?igp» aj A)[r.,; pfia Mj^.AljB.hpe^ leading, ebntehdftrs 4hymg. thettinie tb^^ SPii’s ■ year the^. vroult^- lijke to get o.ut of the ddn||M|f and' into the chantr pionahip clask They still, have to CQritend'^'tviih ithe, ^e|endihg ehatnpion’s tilo^pfej^ty; IVihtthews and l^Werj;,^dii,th,ese' men. a Just as detetihin!?.4^tp,si\etairi-the cr ^Wedp^esday night will see the Start ^ s^,^h*Greeks, hpwling, In^ the “A” bracket the ATb’s have a strangile hold dh'flfstJ|^^Jij^;h,,yer^.hdt;hattle is heingf was4^4 the runnorup appt ajfid the, residting.. play off herth. Op. Wednesday the ATO's bowl tho' Pnta’s one of the; tvi^o teams in;,the fight, fmy second place. Phi Kappa, tied with the fieta’s'fob thevhui^^ spot, is idle this tveehl ahd’ the phi, Sigs hiitve a good ehance to, better their MsitionvWithoh,^ even making a w|p to the'■alleys, IriL. the other hypeket the.Pelt’s, Sigma Nu’s and Pi.iJ.’,S ; are leading, the league in a hot fight foi^", the-toA ruhgi On Thursday of this ypeeh- ^ two mehtiohOd t^a,m^ in, a, match . that ittay very- easily eliminate one of .the.teams for a chance of gettihi: iiitdytAe playoff^,
fRudy Soderquist, co-captain, wiiliusethis 6 ft. 3 in, height against the Boilermakers February 6. Soderquist holds down; the guard position opposite cp-captain Siegal, which makes a combination that; is tough) to. beat.
Comes Back Head cheer. Leader Pick. DeGarmo has announced that the Engineer Yell which was introduced last season will be used for the first time this year at the special super “Oheer for Victory” night at the Minnesota game Monday. Also the undulating battle cry followed by three brisk “fight, fight, fight’s” will be used. Evei-y effort is being, made by the cheer squad and by the Gimlet, Reamer, and Gold Pepper Clubs to make Monday night’s cheering the best and loudest in Boilermaker history. Ill, case you have forgotten, the Engineer yell goes like tjiis: E to the X, DY, DX E'tothe,X,DX GOSINE,'SEC ANT). TANGENT, ' sin' , ■' ■ ^ • 3 (point) 1-4-1-5-9 square root^ cube root, ; . 'B; T;'U. . SLIP STlClfi, SLIDE RULE,. yea; PURDUE.
IM,
’I'oday
. !*■;;; fVi' Sisma Chi vs,.-Phr Kapp,a:.r
Lambda Chi Alph^ Phi'.lCapijo Tad; Sigma Alpha Mn'vb. Sigma ghi. Epsilon. K5^)pa Sigma VB. Delta Taii' Dcitd; I Theta Tau vs. Pi Kappa Phi., , Tail Kappa.EpsilQhfVBvBeta .'Sigma,'Psl. Alpha Ehi Rho va.' Phi Kappa"Psi.\ . .. .
’ 4:46 p. m., ,
Alpha Gamma Rho vs; Beta Theta Pi. Tail Epsilon, PJii„vB.. Rhi.Daltg; Theta.. Acacia vs. W.iijticr o.f appye. .
Although. they are firhily entreacheij .Jh
Western Conference standings; this position is in ho way iridicatiye of the brand of basketbajl that the liivbters have played this year. In the four games 'that; tbey. have i^laybd they have, suffered, only one loss, At tffe sahid tinie the,;.Gpphr ers of Minnesota, our opponents next Monday hight, J%ye also been • defoated^ once,’ but .—< they have completed six of —. i iL
their scheduled games win-
ning the other five,
mini At Top
At the top of the loop stands the mini quintet with five victories and no defeats. The Boilermakers have an excellent chance to climb into second place with victories in their
next two games.
In last night’s scrimmage the
varsity found considerable trouble
with their passing , at the offset. , ; v
The starting combinations fea- most dangerous aggi-egation^Jn, ,the: tured Blanken, Sprowl, Menke, conference. Mpriday niglit,the:y;.perr, Polk, and Lawson for. the whites, formed the not too amazing: feat One of, the chief trouble makers of romping over the University of for Piggy’s varsity men was John- Chicago, the :Conferenc,el do.ormat. ny Galvin who lias returned to Once again their play, was |ied by, action on the. hardwood. A combinar Mattson, stellar center, and Aja^,, tioh of. Krampe* Adams, Friend, thejii brilliant guard, , , , ; ^
and Galvin started against the Gophers Defeated But Qnce :
first stringers, but frequent suhsti- ;The Gophers’ only loss Was intutions changed, thq, pairirigs. flic.ted by Northwestern to, thg tune Tierney Hot ofi 49-38, Since that coiitest the Mickey 'Tierney was turning on Purple have had considerable the heat as usual while Johnny trouble rediscovering their’winning Conrad played a fiery brand of ball. Ways, while Minnesota has been a
The ever-dependghle Frosty Sprowl consistent Winner,
w.gs agjain, the'heavy s.coref. ^ifb .. Time and again the Gophers .five days, remaining .before, their, have proved that their athletic next contest, the Riveters will un- brilliance is not confined to the dpubtedly present a highly polished gridiron. If the Riveters can cpme attack against the Golden Goph- back after the heart-breaking deers. feat at the hands of the Crimson Despite the loss of Don Carlson, and whip the men from the north, a their high-scoring forward, the great step towards the chanipion-
Minnesota squad is still, onp of-the ship will he made, d.m.s.
[Ti-We]
EIK,
. .«A” Bracket'■
Alpha Tau Omega.:..;;......
- .30
3
Beta Theta Pi
...24'
, 0
Rbi Sigina Kappa
... 24
9
Phi Delta Theta.
...20
13
; Pi Kapipa, Alpha....,
20:
10
Phi'Kappa Sigma..............
.. 19
14.
Lambda. Ghi Alph®-
... 14
19
Bdtn, Sigma Psi.
... 13
20
'Theta, Xi;
... 13 -
17;
Pii.Kappa Phi
... 12
21
Sigma Pi
.. 12
21
Theta Ghi,,
.. 12
18.
Phi Kappa Tau...
.. 7
. 23
Alpha Gamma Rho “B” Bracket
. 3
27
Delia Tau Delta
.. 24
9
Sigma Nu.
.. 23
10
: Delta Upsilon ,
.. 22
11
iSigriia Alpha. Epsilon
-21
12
Tau Kappa Epsilon..........
.; 21
12
Acacia ;
.. 18
15
Kappa. Delta Rho..
.. 18
15
Alpha Sigma Psi..............
.. 17
16
Phi Kappa
.. 17
16
Alpha Chi Rho
.. 15
18
Phi Kappa Psi.....;;..
.. 10
23
Phi Gamma Delta.
.. 9
24
Triangle
.. 9
24
Tau Epsilon Phi
- 7
26
an:
man in the Serviee wants to ke^ \dith the news and gossip of the PnFdue campns. Win hfs heart with a ftie best of all co ;e papers
Schedule 'Today—6:30 Phi Gamma Delta vs. Acacia. Beta Theta Pi; vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Thursday—-6:30 Triangle vs. Delta. Tau Delta. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi.' Theta Xi vs, Tau Epsilon Phi. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa. Pi Kappa Phi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 8:46 Sigma Nu vs. Delta Upsilon. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Kappa Delta Rho vs. Alpha Sigma Psi. Theta Xi vs. Sigma Pi. , Beta Sigma PSi vs. Phi Delta Theta; Note: Phi Sigma Kappa, Phi Kappa Sigma, Tau Kappa Epsilon, Alpha Chi Rho will not bowl this week. . ^ Eleventh Week Statistics High individual scores— Sigma Pi, Hintz 267 Delta, Upsilon, Barnes 237 High individual series-— Reta Sigma Psi, Bradac..589 Delta Tau Delta 587
Basketball Back In High Gear
‘ If you have ariy queer hallucinatiotis that the week-long layoff wbiclii liGoaSh Piggy Lambert gave the boys duidng the final examination period W.hich wasn’t has caused any letdown in the spirit of the teani. theri m^^;. . around to the hard'Wood in the Purdue Fieldhouse and leam othei^ise,,:'’ UThe Boilermakers have had just two practice sessions since the hdrriblgi Indiana game, but they have been a pair of the most encoura^ng sessions we have ever witnessed. Not that the teani is playing the iribst Pfllished, finished brand of ball in the country, but the fact that‘they . are giving everything they’ve got to get in shape for the big 11 games on the nearby horizon. As long as they have the fighting spirit they ,hd.ye! shown this.weekj riO: team; in-the conference will beat.them.
1^ Reeck And Co. Show Versaf'iUly
Yesterday; afterriobh at the weekly Rotary luncheon at the Lincqlp Lodge,,the club members were treated to a brand new type of enieftainment. Following the meal Wrestling Coach Claud Reeck explain^ the fundamentals of, collegiate wrestling along with the points which
differentiate, it from the professional sport.
Captain Casey Fredericks and sophomox'e star * Mickey McDonald,, demonstrated the various holds and techniques of the sport as Coach;' Reeck explained the fine points. Then the scrappy gi-applers gave the. spectators a thrilling sample of the sport At its best. It was sy^gil entertainment. Much more interesting than after-dinner speakers, ' ‘
Football Players Are Versatile Too
Five moiribers of the football squad; Rossi, Shimer, Kersey, Andretichj, and Warren ai-e scheduled to bowl the Pillerettes tonight , in the Unfon alleys. We hear the fellows are going-.to play with footballs.and; the girls with bowling balls. Watch out for those trick plays, Pillerettes.:
Rumors, Rumors^ Rumors
Sports editors of niost of the metropolitan newspapers in the midrWest have been having great fun since November trying to. speculate dr. predict a shakeup in the coaching setup here at Purdue. Rumors a dime^ a dozen, but none with any factual basis have been -si^rted; —just rumors. To' date nothing definite has been indicated hy.the TJni--versity officials. • ; _ . . . j:,:. ;. Either today or tomorrow these rumors will be spiked, or CQrifirjnedK The Purdue Board of Trustees is in session on these days. Naturally; these meetings will be watched 'wjith great interest. . j , > YouTooCanBeASneadt
In Two Sii
t , Here’s a tip
Unique cleqAing service removes grit, relubricates fabric fibers DIAL 7278 '
By Sheldon Watson The weather man has finally satisfied us with invigorating January spring weather and already some of the season rushers are seen toting their golf clubs over to the three-hole practice golf course. Golf will undoubtedly become very popular here at Purdue this ■ year, because of the anticipated large summer session. ' Indoor Range Open Coach Allspaw, coach of Purdue’s terrors of the turf, has made it possible for all njen students to learn the game of golf or to,; improve their gaipe. A practice driving range has been set up in; the suh-basement of the Fieldhouse by Coach Allspaw. A great many students have already taken advantage of this range and more, are expected as the weather gradually settles down to its spring disposition. . : Opportunity Knocks The Fieldhouse driving, range is equipped with twa large stalls for driving arid one stall for the , improving of your iron shots. It is open from one to five daily and instructions are readily given personally by Coach Allspaw or some of his able assistants at no charge. This is real opportunity for all of the future Sammy Sneads of Pur-
due.
Nib Lick Comes Through Golf is one of the most popular sports in the United Stattes as this time. Its popularity might be hampered by the shortage of golf balls, hut a plan that is being devised by Professor Nib Lick of Indiana University should, he believes, save the game during the duration or land the prof, in a cozy padded cell. Mr. Lick is working on a scheme to remelt all of the'old golf balls, rubber hands, old golashes, pencil erasers and etc. that he can get his hands on. This remelted rubber will then be molded into a neat set of rubbei- golf clubs. The golf ball used with these clubs is made of iron and chromium plated. The same kind, of iron that was used in, we quote the Professor, “the game of yesteryear,” unquote. Modern Design! Says Mr. Lick, “If a rubber ball hit.with an iron club works, why won’t ah iron ball with a rubber dub Work? Modern design makes the big difference.” The last time wo saw the professor he had his
Iowa Guard
. i'<. Vic j Segal, is the co-eapfain of the Hawkeye cagers. AUhoItgh Siegal is only 5 ft. 10 in., his two years of experience make .Him - a constant threat on offense. streamlined ii-on golf ball, but it was chained to his leg and he- was busily engaged working on ap, invention of various colored sle^pping pills for those who would father dream in technicolor. Don’t Vyorry Though h • ' The shortage of golf balls htay , . beconie alarming, but not ^at alarming. (Poor old prof., ahy- . thing can happen at I. U. though).' Getting back to Puidue, CoAeil Allspaw encourages alU of, to take advantage of this new dri.ying range. When the golfing sejildn gets into full swing, you too .(Ifni, be in full swing if you sta;rt< hOW. Drop into the Fieldhouse anV ernoon and look the situation oyer. If you hocked your clubs tq^tqlte your gal to see Les Brown, you Oa^ check some out at the checkrOttA window. They have loads Of clubs available and they ’areii’‘'t the Professor Lick d,eS|ig|(.i.,< .>.-r;vht..: -
.-.Cm
V b'.'l'i'''
m
State Traffic Schools
WAA Holds CallouU For Winter Sports
T
GRIN AND BEAR rr
Itv, llv felsv
m>
Ilf Law Enforcers
regional traffic training for police officere, town mavsheriffs, prosecutors and 'jojplj^t^CerS concerned with law enllfofel^ent are being directed by the Public Safety Institute, W. H. Ifoyt of the institute Sei’gt. Paul Beverfordeh of the B^i^5|Police and Guilfoi-d HennejndiaitapoliS, as instructors. X iOffim's;ih> a given section of the attend the school nearest ^^I^^Jyrith classes being held for aM^Sfyhbbr pCrIod one day a week. ts^^Motiday Classes began at Hartfoi^' (5ity land will be held there f^i^xMonday for eight consecutive ^wieehsi The class was held at Rich'jfeond^^Sterday, Lawrenceburg tbAlbany tomorrow and Friday. Li^tufe And Labs ■Actbal instruction in handling toffic on the streets of cities whei e the schools are held will follow lectures in the city hall and council cbamber of each city. Certificates ■syiH be awarded to the several hundred officers who attend the school and complete the work. : Among the subjects to be covered during the eight sessions are traffic enforcement and national defjehse, methods of traffic control, accident control and investigation, hit and run investigation, state motot vehicle code, first aid, operation of Civilian Defense Program, accident reports and records, accident \a^i public relations for police offtcers, police traffic tactics, public education and the police, and a final review of all work covered in the cpurse; • The schools are held in cooperation with the Indiana State Police, Automobile Protective and Information Bureau, Indiana State Defense Council, Indiana Police Chiefs’ Association, Indiana Sheriffs’ Association, National Safety Council, axid Indiana Municipal League. Covers- ESntire State ■iX A similar series of traffic schools will be organized in the central part ,6f ..the" state. Other schools have ,;bbsn' held during the fall throughout northern ^ Indiana, and after ■those in the southeastern .section have been held, the entire state will be covered. . According ■ to a statement from the. University, ti-affic problems have taken on a new significance dub to 'the war situation. President Roosevelt in an official proclamation hps called upon law enforcement agencies of the nation to begin an immediate attack on this problem. The statement declared, “The purpose of this training program is to .impart to all enforcement officers ,the ktest and most effective techpiques and information for com-batting-this serious menace to our Intprnal war effort and public safety. Thibugh this program it is iibiied to bring about a gi'eater de- ‘ gree. of cooperation and coordination among all traffic enforcement agencies and to assist iii the development: of fully trained officers tht eughout the state.” a.l.w.
Continuing throughout this week, WAA is sponsoring its winter callouts for basketball, ping pong, shuffleboard, tumbling, and badminton. Gale Hennis, head of WAA basketball, has announced that two practices on two different nights ai’e required for team eligibility. Regulation gym or basketball outfits are also required of the players. Any house or ward with eight players who" have fulfilled the practice requirements may enter the basketball tournament. Each team entering the tournament should have a practiced timer and scOrer at each of the games played. The practices started Monday and will continue for two weeks on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, nights from 4 to 6 p.m. and from 5 to 6 P-m. , , Yesterday at 4 p.m. the badminton callout was held by WAA. Practices for the individual tournament will be held on Tuesdays and Thusdays at 4 p.m. Three of these practices are necessary for all enti’ants. Tumbling tryouts will be held on Tuesday and Thursday at 4 p.m. of the coming week. p.s.
-X. '■
-
Artificial Rain
For Boolt Sale
Han'y Hudson, Student Union vice-president, requests that - ^.nyone Who has any property at. thb Book Exchange to call for it beifore next Friday at ,6 p. in. at" the Book Exchange in the sub-basefhent of the Union. Although the' exchange is no longer receiving bobksXtp be sold, it is now returning' books and the money for books already sold. The exchange, which is a nonprofit organization sponsored by the Union, has been "operated by sophomore and junior Union workers and the Student Senate since January 12 and will be open according to the f ollowing schedule until Friday : Wednesday'....12 m.-6p. m. Thursday 10 a. hi -5 p. m. Friday 12 m.-5 p. m.
Exponent Editorial Coedoi Neiv iBclietlulp is posted in; the office; Please :check it.;ahtl report ^ days assigned. ■' —-ROSE" .Ail, Milltory Studentss. The tWp weeks make-up perjod for those entitled to toakfe'. up absences in first semester Will include the weeks of Jan. 6 to 10 and Jan. 21 to Feb. 3. No absences frojn drills during the first semester should be made,', up ■ during: the week of Jan. 14 to 20. StudeUts having C or I grades will ascertain what iA rdnuired, of them by cnrrting to the Armory, office before making up absences. —GRAHAM,
. Elylng Club! Important imeetlugi 7:00 p.mi:Wedi, Jan- Zi;inE0o{n 236^«f ;ths;Ufl-. ibn^ Nomination of officers and..pIan8j.4for Civil Air Patrol.. ;, -T-ttABICM'T
Newman Club: Discussion' groups meeting Wednesday, Jan. 21i,.at 8 p.tn;., in ZOT Xdf the Union. This is;,nn'.;»rganiznt>on meeting far: thei.sccond semester. Air:,In*
'tercsted in religious
Exponent Coed Business. Staff:' Schedule is: as follows: Monday! Clark, Keimi Riddell, 'Elliott; Tuesday: Posterr, •'Glarki Riddell, Payne; Wednesday: Poster, Keim, Payne,’ Elliott: Thursday: Riddell,' .Payne, Elliott; Friday : Foster, Clark, .Keim,, . SlESg,'.. .
Exponent Ag BdptAtaff : ilseting .Thujkday; . Jan.„ 22> at 4 :30,-p. '_m.' Jn fpe ponept- oliEice; it is essontlal.'-that you-be there. •New; 'bents ■Will be 'asSigned.^.Every sdphbmore; must keep,up w‘th .his bdtft m ordfer ;to>i^,<iiWLU{y ; foiv junior ’
Westminster Foundation: Skating party bn Fritlay night, •Tahuary 24 f^ni-8-12:80, Meet at the University . Presbyterian, church at 8 p. m.'Refreshments and transportation provided. . „ —CLARK.
, w,ho vie registrar, during:’'.the sec-
ond semester .registration ' may,; .get .their cheeks by calling at the Rcgistrar^gffice.
RegistraUortv Workers: ' StjldeUts
worked for 'the
■f:
STONE
Code Classes: Students who enrolled in the military dept, ebde aiid radio instructioh classes' see bulletin board in mam hall of Armory: for class rolls and schedule. Classes are now' in progress. —LT.: BURKHART.
Gliaer: Club:' Meetlng:''T)iUrs<bii^ iart- 22, in room 263. of- the! Union av -f Evoryone bring dues'. .X; v ■ ,, -^GAPl'EE
Battery Athletic Officers: There will be an important: meeting of all B.AO’s at 4 p. m. Jan. 21, 1S142 in room 20!> of the Armory. AH'BAO's arc: required to attend. t^-VANDEKFORD.
>: Pistol . Team TryoUti: 4. foRo^ns listed juniors arc asked' to-try .out: tor''the Pistol Team,' Wednesday,, JitUV"2lv' at • A/.Pm.: J. W, Carter, G. Frcuhd}ich.'lR.- M. McKee, J. H. SimpSon: ‘f''r-iiBRpWN
Pistol Team Tryouts: .The 'following listed sophomores are askedAtU tjy'v’oUt' for
AWS Executive .Board.: Meeting Wednesday, Jan. 21 at 7:30'p.m. in the AWS office. McCULLOCH
p. m.: H. E. Brooks, R. g. L.
Activities Bureau
... will hold a meeting tonight for sophomore woi;kers. All former workers and any other sophomores interested in the bureau have been
ATT Students t Thcrc will he a skating party at Mapfe Point Fnday. Jan. 23, at 7 ;o0 p.m. sponsored by tl^e Lutheran Student Association of ^America. Cars will leave the east door of the Union at 7 ;lo. Everyone is invited to attend. * ‘ —ANTAL
Glaspie, D. B. Gracier, - Heckard, W. Koester, E. Madddhj'D.jB. RusC. K. .
New Students: Call af thevfj'cfetk;,office of the Ficldhouse for' your'pissPoft^,, -^GOEDBMITH
PIA Mcmliers:; Petitions will be accepted for Secretary and Women’s Social Chairman of PlA borore Monday,. Jan. '26, 1 p.m. Excellent opportunity Vbr experience. —ELDER
WAA Council: Meeting ThllWil 22, at -1:45 p. m. in WAA rttgirm. .
—PJDGEON
Jan.
urged to attend.
Pi Tau Sigma: Very important meeting, Wed. Jan. 21, at 4 p.m. in the reading room. .—GREGORY
Rifle' Cluh: Meeting'Thum4uy|< Join., 22. in room 104 of the ' FicldBdUse'.’ Tluilgemaster positions open. ■ This :ls : importuut. .....i,:: • ,>^TAB,S1AN
(Continued from page 1) planned in 1924. The new equipment is necessitated by the many new buildings on the campus using heat and electric poWer. Ihcidently, the University, is. Considered important enough in national defense to be given a priority rating for the equipment. It astounded us to find that the plant burns from 25,000 to 30,000 tons of Indiana coal per year. It is not hard to understand, however, when it is noted that the plant supplies not only electricity to all building's, but also heat to all buildings and the Women’s Residence Halls and a couple of barns on the Ag campus. There is no power connection between the Uniyei'sity power plant and any public utility, Lafayette, or othei'wise. Five At Once Biggest tax on the power plant in its history came a couple of ■w’ecks ago, when five boilers were used at one time. P’our are usually •sufficient, with, the others kept in I'eserve. The increased burden was due to the cold weather spell. Wc asked Hamilton whei e . the a.shes for all the coal went. The State Highway Department use;; some, the Physical Plant u.ses some, and the re.st (a good deal of ashes) are carted away by anyone that wants ashps. Hamilton also assured us that those lights that the power jilant keeps lit all night long are not to make life miserable for the students seeking a nice, dark, cozy spot, but are to provide a safe passage for campus-goers during the night.
‘Maybe a sudden stop does wear down the tires, but I’m sure it would have been cheaper.” *
Notices
Personnel Notes Miller's Pill Rollers
Archery Club: Iniportant mectinK for actives and new members Mon., Jan. 26, at 4:15 p;m. in room 104 of the Fioldliouse. JAMES
Independent Staff; Pictures-will he taken tonight, Tuesday, Jan. 20, at 8 p, m. Have all assijenments covered" before; comtnff to office. 1 • —SMULEVm
For Women Defy IF Bbwiers
Senior Coeds: For information regarding the Civil Service examination for positions as junior technologists, call at the Placement Service for Women. Phone. number 2955. —SMITH
Poultry Club;-All members plan to attend turkey, dinner honoring judging team at Poultry bldg., Friday. Jari. 23, at 6 p.m. See Paul Wagner or Pat Hays for tickets. —ARVIDSON
Activities Bui'eau Sophomores: Please come back, we miss y6u. Meeting at 4 p. m. Wednesday, Jan. 21, in the..dffice.
cs r» rr/Mtti xr <s rp t? r XI
-SCHOR^^STEIN
Agricultural Education There ill be a mc'cting Thursday, 22, at
C. B. Sullivan will be bn campus Thursday, Jan. 22, to furnish information concerning opportunities in Civil Service. Any interested women students may attend a general meeting at 4 p.m. in room 108 of the Chemical Engineering Building.
Miss Charlotte Vollbracht, sales and office personnel of the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Co., Akron, Ohio, will be on campus Friday, Jan. 30, to interview women students- for secretarial and chemical positions. -Students interested ■ should call 2955 immediately for appointments.
The United States Ci'vil Service Commission, Washington, D. C., announces examinations for the following po.sitions: junior home economist specialist with majors in foods and nutrition, economics, textiles and clothing,, and household equipment; junior professional assistants -^vith optional subjects in zoology, social science, food bactei'iolpgy, biology, chemistry, entomology, geology, household equip-^ ment, history and economics, and statistics; junior social science analyst; studeiit physiotherapy aid;
Dr. S. J. Miller, head of the Student Health Service, has just announced thht he and his Pill Rollers, renowned campus bowling team, intend to challenge the InterFraternity bowling champs of this year. The Pill Rollers ha-ve lost three men this year: N, E. Weitkamp and “Red” Mackey* who have joined the army, and Fiddler, who is in the hospital. In spite of this handicap Doc Miller stated that he would spot the Inter-Fiatornity boys 50 pins and bet them $36 against the trophy they are Awarded. Bowling Finals In 2 Weeks Inter Fraternity bowling has two more weeks of competition and the finals will start immediately after the completion of this schedule, A glance into the past history of the Pill Rollers, according to Doe, shows that last year they defeated the DU’s by 242 pins and they have, in other meets, won about everything of importance on the campus, including the Fieldhouse, Ross-Ade Stadium, and the golf course, m.j.l.
GE 11 and GE 12: The examination for the removal of C and I grades in GE 11 and GB 12 will be given Saturday, Jan. 24. from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. in room 301 of the Michael Golden Shop.s. —.RISING
Skull and Cre-scent: Meeting 7 :30, Wed. evening in the Union. Hoorn to he announced later. Soloetion of keys and discu.ssion of Cotillion plans. - MENKE
7:30 p. m.- in room 212 of'-the Union.' Eiec-
- • ■■ W
tioh of officers Will be'lield. All members
plonsc try to be present.
-CdNRAp.
Biology Students: Makeup oxam.s in Biology 1 will be held Feb. 7, at 1 p.m. —ENDERS
Rifle Club: Meet in Fieldhouse rifle range
Hi
Saturday, Jan. 24, at 3 p, in. Big ten mate with Chicago. Attendance is ticcessary.'.-
' ' , VTADMAk
Chemistry Major Seniors: Those desirious of getting a job should report at my office, room 422, Chemistry building, and advise me of their training, desires as to employment and information helpful in placing them. A number of: assistantships are available for the coming school year in. the depart, ment of chemistry. Those students interested should report to my office at once. —DEGERING
Scabbard and Blade: Meeting Wednc.sday, ■Ian. 21, at 7:30 p.in. in the tower room of the Union. -r-SULLlVAN
Scabbard and Blade: Informal meeting to follow regular one in the Sweet Shop. More appropriate meeting will be agre-d n -en. —GUNKEL
Yell Leaders: Meeting Wodnc.sday, Jan. 21, at 4 p. m. ' —DE GARMO ,
GREETING CAR|»S FOR ALL OCCASIONS
Actaii From Ualoa ■ : ' “Bed” Ssmmoni '29 . . *‘Do«” tipple *40
m2 CAN BE a: BkimlTEAR F0R>m I X xX-
LIGHT CONDITION YOUR ENTIRE hoMe at
lOc PAUL'S PLACE 10c
Information concerning any of ■the above notices may be obtained from the Placement Service foi' Women—phone 2955.
Beef Steak Beef Barb-Q Home Made Chili Pork Tenderloin 'Furnas lee Cream Phone 2645 We Deliver
Southworth^s
Relief Group Disiribufes
Coliecled Clothing, Money
Articles' of clothing which wei'e .collected dui’ing the recent drive (cqpdueted .by the Relief Fund Co'oi'dinating Committee were given to the Salvation Army and to the British Relief Fund, according to Dean Mary L. Matthews of the Ktlibol of Horae Economics. Money .received from magazines which Were collected will be given to the Army , for recreational purposes. Although the drive ended January 7, clothing may still be contributed. Anyone de^irifig to donate clothing should notify Dean Matthews or F, C. Hpekema, assLstant to the president, and the aiticles will bo Collected, r.e.f.
imctgflooKf/flffmfroiiE lun iTwn W£JT UbFAV&llt^S
/
‘For Smokers Better Service ”
Westminster Foundation flens Party For Friday
Westinini.ster Foundation is sponSorlng a skating party next Fi-iday, January 23, from 8 to 12:30 p.m. The party i.s starting at the church and' skafing will begin at 10. Re- : fjiesbinehts are planned and transportation is to be provided. George Emerson is chaii-man of the enterItiilBmeiit committee. r.m.f.
featuring-— Pipes — National Brands — Tobaccos Cigars — Popular Cigarettes and Smoking Accessories.
Kcvelation, 1 Ih, Frieinls, I lb,. Velvet, 1 lb....... Brlg{i:.s Kegs.... . Briggs Tills
^Classified
“Tyriwfilw*—Adding iviachlnea, ail makia tfilti, .renUsI, rc'puirud, und purchased. Mimcwxiik done. C, J. Eberahoff, 606 Main, Phone 2779.
'tiiJiiHi ATO jeweled HweeOuait pin. Repick Kejlrnan. I’hoiie ,3(1.53. Reward. ■ Black ..leallier wallet on eaiuptu. j|ilU{|, i()hpne 71^1*2. Bonnell. Itewurd. 'LsA: On<' Aeaeia fraternity pin. Finder ooR )i497.
Lmw tiw beds liglit wliMe Swy an. AS fM ni^ is two clevM pin-to-wall iampa that Iiaitg up like pictuies—each with a lOO-watt bulb. Make* readtngin bed joyfalxelaatation.
Here’s a trick that 'will make over your kitciMia, Screw one of these smart, modern adapters wiiQii' a 150-watt Silvered Bowl lamp into the ceil^U socket. And you almost enjoy washin9 dielM,
i