'Vv //' }ij ‘^,v‘; 'H 'i
7#'"-'V'w«; v'',' v ' i'^h*.***^^
>»
<■■<’ j-r>, , 4 / '
4 t
tt ^ Si
\ ‘*1 ""Tv5^
V ^ ’>> !
? 4 Y ^
J- J.S
iCfzcmeM
Volume $a. No. 91
West' LafayeHOi Indiana
Wednesday, fanuaij 14, 1942
tttSHWnOK tiimy-40-KNIHI
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Pan Americans Expected To Take Strong Anti-Axis Stahd At Rio Conference RIO DE JANERIO, Jan 13 — The Pan American Confeience con vening' here tomonow will be the first in history ever held during a major war |t also is going to be the toughest and the most impoitant • Pan American confeiences were postponed during the fiist World War, also during the depression The diplomats figured that they might be embarrassed by too many complicated problems So they sidestepped them, and continued their safe and insipid Pan American pol icy of distributing stereopticon slides of the Andes to women’s clubs and sending red and gieen parrots to adorn the patio of the Pan American Union in Washing ton This was about as far as anyone wanted to go with Pan Amen camsm But this time, the Pan American nations have jumped into the middle of a question never faced before-,-namely, is the Western Hemisphere going to stick together as bonafide Good Neighbors against Hitler and Hirohito’ The map who will have a gieat deAl of responsibility for the sue ^ Continued on page 2) Home Ec Choruses Of Indiana To Give
Mathematics Courses Expanded in Defense Program instruction Recognizing mathematics as the most important tool of the engineer, the University has expanded the courses rn this subject which are being offered in night classes throughout the state as part of the national defense training program, authorized by the U S Office’ of Education Foi the second quarter under this program, starting this week, the University is offering courses in elementary and advanced engineering mathematics, applied engineering mathematics for the machine industry, and mathematical analysis for engineeis Important Lesson One of the most important les sons of the first World War was a realization of the usefulness of mathematics, according to Pi of E P Miller, faculty advisor for the defense training program World War I indicated the extensive math ematical knowledge needed by those who aim to render the most efficient service under trying circumstances During the past 26 years war has become even more mechanized and aims greater in precision so that mathematics is of far greater importance today than in the first conflict Material Covered The courses which Purdue is of fering in engineering mathematics include a review of fundamentals and the application of algebra, plane, solid and analytic geometry, and trigonometry to engineeiing problems Applied engineering mathematics deals with the application of trigonometry and algebra to the problems the draftsman, toolmaker and designer The course in mathematical analysis is an in tegrated course of college trigo noinetry, algebra, analytic geometry and calculus, designed to give engineeis a review of engineering
mathematics
Clothes Forum Opens Home Ec Discussion
Production Efficiency In Food Drive Keynotes Agricultural Conference As Ten Specialized Sessions Begin
Book Exchange Sells Loyal AlumniisGo^ Copies On First On ExhibifioilToiliHt Day Open To Public For Ag Conference
Efficiency of production in the “food for freedom” campaign provided one of the keynotes yesterday as the annual Agricultui'al Conference went into full swing Attendance was hovering between the 3,000 and 4,000 mark as the initial sessions in ten different specialized phases of farming and farm homemaking were launched in the morning to con-
tinue through Friday
The copference will be in full swing again today with morning and afternoon sessions in all ten specialized sections, and a general session to be addressed by Hassil Schenck, Indianapolis, president of the In diana Farm Buieau One of the add ed features of the geneial session will be the return to the campus of “Loyal Alumnus IV,” grand champion steei at the International, Which will be starting a nation-
wide toui
Annual Meetings A host of state agricultural associations will hold then an nual meetings duiing the day In addition to a continuation of the sessions of the Indiana Horticultural Society, the day will be marked by the opening of the an bual meetings of thd Indiana Coin Glowers’ Association, Indiana Potato Glowers’ Association, Indiana State Vegetable Gioweis’ Association, Indiana Draft Hoise Bleeders’ Association, Indiana Sheep Bleeders’ Association, and the va nous beef and dairy cattle bleed 01 ganizations One of the highlights of the en tertainment piograra will be pre sented tonight on the occasion of the annual Music Festival, featui ing Indiana Home Economics Gnor uses under the diieetion of Albert P Stewart A progiam of “All
Community Book Quota Set -10,000 During next Sunday morning and afternoon 35 faculty wives, library staff members, and members of the local Boy Scout troops will canvas West Lafayette and community for used books to be sent to the soldiers, sailors and marines The drive 18 part of a nation wide effort to gather 10,000,000 books for the armed forces This commun-
ity’s quota is 10,000
The Red Cross and the USO are sponsoring the drive which IS endorsed by the University and the Student War Council All books will be collected Saturday with all cooperative houses, fratermties, sororities, residence halls and other houses ex-
pected to cooperate r w b
Exponent Business Staff Holds Freshman' Callout Meeting Tomorrow At 4
K K Gjenne and R E Saxton, local adveitismg manager of the Exponent, today announced that a fieshman callout meeting will be
Indiana” music has been planned held tomoirow afteraoon at 4 p m by Stewait who expects a com m the Exponent Adveitismg Of bined chorus of ovei 1,000 voices flee in the sub basement of the Un
repiesentmg fiom 70 to 80 counties ion
in the state
Banquets
Ihey claim that theie is oppoi tunity for practical business expei
Af Annual Ag Meeting
Banquets on tonight s schedule activity points, and financial include the annual Horticultural lemuneiation for persons in this
Tonight at 7 30 in the Music Hall, a group of 1,100 women rep 1 eventing the Home Economics Choruses of Indiana will sing mu SIC they have been studying throughout the year The annual program which is free to the stu dents and the general public is held in conjunction with the Agincultuial Conference meeting on the campus this week Albert Stewait, Univcfsity diiec tor of music, is the founder and di lectoi of these state choruses which when assembled together is the largest choral group in existence The thorus groups which represent 80 of the 92 counties m the state will sing songs of Indiana bom composers including the works of Noble Cain, Joseph W Clokey, Jes sie L Deppen and Clarence Dick rnson Choruses Sing At Noon A luncheon will be held in the north ballroom of the Union at noon today with A P Stewai t acting as master of ceremonies Doctor Jos eph W Clokey, dean of the School of Fine Alts at Miami University, will be the featured speaker Four county choruses will sing at the luncheon which will be followed by a rehearsal for'the evening’s pro gram The oigamzatiton of the choi uses m Indiana began in 1934 when the Tippecanoe County Chorus was organized by A P Stewait to sing over WBAA »The movement spread to other counties and then other states began to address inquiries concerning the organization to the state club office at the University Numqious articles written about chorus have appeared in Reader s Digest;, the Christian Science Mon itoi. Radio Guide, and Woman’s
Day
Roosevelt Hears Chorus Included among the various sing ing groups will be the Tippecanoe County Home Economics Chorus which has sung before President Roosevelt at the White House and gave a conceit at the New York World’s Fan The program will be broadcast by WBAA and recorded by WO WO of Fort Wayne which will lebioadcast the whole affair tbmoirow at 6 p m i w b
Home Economics is playing its part in the Annual Agricultural Conference Beginning yesterday morning at 8 in Eliza Fowler Hall a forum was opened on “The Clothes We Wear” The speakers were Elizabeth Rosebeiiy, who dis cussed “Caring for Synthetic Fabrics,” and Marion Willoughby, who talked on “Selecting the Becoming Dress,” both of the University and Robert Biazy of Fort Wayne who talked on “Buying Furs ’ At 12 30 L E Hocman, acting associate director of the Agricultui al Extension Service, presided at a cCneial session The topic discussed was “Changes m World Ag^^icul tuie ” Clyde Marquis, advisor in the office of Foreign Agricultural Re lations, was the chief speaker' Program About Houses Ihe session will open today in the Music Hall with a program from 8 30 to 11 a m A forum will be conducted on “The Farm Home Grounds” M G Smith vill discuss “The Fr^i instead Plan while R B Hull M ill talk on “Making the Home Grounds Attractive ” Following this W B Ward will discuss “Plan ning the Vegetable Garden” and G E Lehker will discuss “Insects and Then Control ” All are of the Uni
versity
Luncheons At 11 16 a m the past piesidents of the Indiana Home Economics As sociation will have a luncheon in the Union Building Beginning at 12 noon in the north ballioom of the Union the County Home Econom ICS Chorus will have then luncheon Albert P Stewait musie director of the University, will be in charge while the guest speaker will be Dr Joseph W Clokey, Dean of Fine Alts, Miami University From 2 to 4 pm in the Music Hall there will be a forum on “De fense and the Home ” Speakers will be Mary Louise Bone, “Using Food Wisely , Dean Mary L Matthews, “Youth in a Changing World,” both of the University, Mrs Harry Stevenson, Bloomington, “The Farm Home and Defense”, and Mrs GW Jaqua, Winchester, “Plans f 01 Defense in Indiana d e p
Dinner as well as the Indiana Live stock Breeders’ Association ban quet at which awards will be made
activity No previous experience is required and beginners may work either on advertising, circulation or
to the winners in vaiious livestock accounts Positions are availible
projects Other dinner meetings in elude those for the Indiana Guein sey Breeders’ Association Indiana Holstein Friesian Association and
home demonstration agents
Yesterday afternoon’s general session was addressed by J Clyde Marquis, advisor. Office of Foreign Agricultural Relations Washing ton, D C, on “Changes in World Agi iculture L E Hoffman act ing associate director of the Purdue Agricultural Extension Service
presided over the session Entertainment Festival
One of the entertainment high lights of the weeks was provided by the finals of the annual State
for both men and women i 1 m R. H. Havighursf To Speak Friday At AASW Meeting Speaking on the philosophy of science. Prof R H Hauvighuist professor of education at Chicago University will address the Amen can Association of Scientific Work ei s next Fi iday at 7 30 p m in Chemistiy Building room 106 The public is invited to attend the lecture as well as the dinner in the Union at 6 p m preceding the talk
Rural Entertainment Festival last Those who wish to be present at the
night before a sell out crowd of over 6,000 in the Music Hall After
dinner should phone Miss Helen Hurst secietaij of the chemistry
noon preliminaries reduced the field department 7003 for reservations
(Continued on page 4)
c f h
Coeds May Join Special College Red Cross Unit
By Charlotte Hass Gills, this IS your chance to help m national defense The coed ex ecutives of the Student Union are sponsoring a college Red Cross unit which will start after registration in the Red Cross dug out in the Union sub-basement There will be a table in fiont of the Sweet Shop Friday afternoon and all day Saturday so that college women may enlist to help with the large amount of knitting and sew mg that must be done Emergency Needs Also it is of primary importance that a lot of surgical dressings be made in a short time The Red Cross dug-out will be open Monday, Tuesday and Thurs day from 9 a m to 4 30 p m and Wednesday from 1 to 4 30 p m for gills to get material that they de sue to make into garments for the army and navy Expeiipnced Red Cross workers will demonstrate
how to make bandages If you are one of the few Univei sity coeds who can not knit don’t feel discouraged because there will be supervisors constantly to in, struct you in making your sweat eis and socks If you are a fast needle clicker so much the better, for each sleeveless regulation sweater that you knit, 20 hours will be marked to your credit toward a standard Red Cross pin which you can earn after working 50 hours eithei at the offices or at home on knitting These pins are recognized throughout the country as a reward
for achievement Register Now
Whether you have already start ed helping in national defense or not be certain to register January 16 01 16 in front of the Shop A few hours spent by University co cds here will go a long way toward making living conditions for our soldiers more pleasant
Rural Organizations Vie In Entertainment Festival In Music Hall Donning colorful and varied cos tumes 14 groups representing state rural organizations such as 4 H groups. Granges, Farm Bureaus, and Home Economics clubs com peted last night before a capacity crowd in the Music Hall for top hon ois in the annual Indiana State En tertainment Festival Winners of State Entertainment Festival were Curtain Act Orange County, Clifford Harmon, ventriloquist Group Act Monroe County, “A Day of Song” negro spirituals by Monroe Home Ec clubs Runner up in curtain Miss Bar bar a Church, Lake Co in marimba
solo
Runner up in group act was Mont gomery County, girls’ sextet in “Ten Minutes of Charm ’ Specialties Curtain acts w^eie those given by not more than three persons and used only the space between the curtain and the footlights Four to 16 performers formed the group acts and lasted approximately 10 minutes compared to the four minutes the curtain acts were put on Among the group and curtain acts given were song specialties, song and dance numbers and special acts Farm Management Group Holds Dinner In Union; 250 Attend Two hundred and fifty farmers, extension men and commercial faim managers attended the annual banquet of the Indiana Farm Management Association held last night in the south ballroom of the Union Main featdic of the evening s program was an address by J Clyde Marquis University graduate, and now advisoi for the government’s Office of Foreign Agricultural Re lations, Washington, D C Marquis has spent the last few years in Rome as the United States lepie sentative at the International In stitute of Agriculture European Agriculture In his talk entitled ‘ How Amen can Fanners May Be Affected by the War in Europe ’ he gave first hand information on the agncul tuie in war torn Europe and he pre sented his views on what can be ex pected to happen to agriculture in this country Following the banquet the group met in room 355 of the Union for an infoimal group discussion on “Agriculture After the War ” Dr J A Estey, head of the Economits department. Dr E C Young of the farm management depai’tinent and Dr L J Norton of the Uni veisity of Illinois led the discus Sion on post war agriculture deb Les Brown To Play For Informal Mixer Saturday At 9 P, M, Les Brown and his orchestra will fuinish the music for an informal mixer in the Union Saturday night at 9 p nr Bi own s band comes her e from a four month stand at the Blackhawk restaurant in Chicago Although this is the most expensive band yet engaged to play on this campus during this school year the admission price remains $1 10 Young Featured Brown features as his vocalist, Ralph Young, formerly of Teddy Powell’s and Tommy Reynold’s band Nat Polen on the drums and Abe Most on the clarinet will be seen in his 16 piece band and Brown will feature himself on the saxaphone Brown specializes in swing, but also plays plenty of sweet tunes
i 1 m
Approximately eight hundred books were sold or exchanged by the student book exchange yesterday, its first day of operation this semester According to E D Es ping, publicity manager, fourteen hundred dollars were taken in Books Wanted The eiichange is still receiving books, and particularly engineer ^ ing books of which they have very few on hand There are, however, a great many economies and psy chology books to be had Everyone IS requested to collect their money or books by January 25 There will be a notice in the Exponent soon telling when the money can be col
lected
Books for the following courses are needed applied mechanics 21 and 22, calculus, analytic geometry, speech 14, geology, ME 11, CE 6, all electrical engineering courses, phychology 3 and sociology 50 k s m Palmer Will Speak At Methodist Church On Sunday Morning Sponsored by the Wesley Foun dation, Albert W Palmer piesi dent of the Chicago Theological
A W Palmer Seminal y will speak Sunday at the Methodist Church in West Lafay ette Palmer was born in Kansas City Missouri, but moved to California where he graduated from the Uni versity of California Later he studied theology at Yale In 1930, Palmer became president of Chi cago Theology Seminary He was a minister in Hawaii for 7 years and has written a book “The Hu man Side of Hawaii ” Palmer also travelled in the Orient, Europe, Russia and Palestine All students are invited to attend the program cf h
Editorial Staff Ihe following staff members are scheduled to work tomght Night Editor, Amos, Issue Edi tor. Wolf, Proof, Boswinkle and Butz, Reporters Eberts, Hunter, Eckstein Kimbrell, Scalzo, Guernsey, Craig, MaeWherter, Layton Sthoelein, and any vol unteers If for any reason you cannot report for work, get a substitute —RUFFNER
W.F. Jackson . Chicago, former University student, is in the hospital with bronchitis at the Army An Corps advance flying pchool at Mather Field, Sacremento, Cal, accordmg to word just received hcic He is scheduled to receive his second lieu tenants comnussiop on Fcbruiiy 15 While at the University Jack son lived m South Cary Hall Foundafion To Sponsor Games Party, Taffy Pull Christian Foundation is sponsor ing a games party tonight from 7 to 9 at the lo mdation house at lol South Grant Street The public is cordially invited to atteijd this par ty The main event in the evening of entertainment will be an old fashioned taffy pull After the party all those so desiring may go ice
skating 1 a b
Loyal Alumnus IV, grand champion steer at the recent International Livestock Exposition, raised here at the University, arrived yesterday afternoon for several exhibitions today and tomorrow in connection with the Agricultural Conference He was quartered m his old stall last night In Program At Music Hall At noon today Loyal Alumnus will make his first appearance in front of the Executive Building and from there will go to the Musac Hall stage at 1 30 Included m the progiam will be President E. C. Elliott, who will introduce the speakers L E Randle, Indianapolis, district manager of the Firestone Tire and Rubber Company, owner of the steer, and Gillie Stewart, beef and came herdsman for the University Detained By Defense Randle is substituting for Leonard Firestone, vice president of the aeronautical division of the Firestone Company, who was originally scheduled to speak but was detained because of a defense committee meeting today,. Students To See Champion After his appearance in the Music Hall, Loyal Alunmus will be shown at the Jefferson High School auditorium at 3 p m Later Hie steer will be on exhibition in the Lafayette Coui*t House square where Mayor A R Killian will greet him and his troupe At Union Tomorrow Tomorrow morning the anisial will be viewed between the Library and the Union Buildmg and in the afternoon will reside in a special stall in the Agricultural Engineering Building where he will be guest of honor at the Agricultural Alunini luncheon Firestone Tirfe and Rubber Company purchased the steer at auction for $3 30 a 'pound and is sponsoring a nationvnde tom? for the animal d c p New X-Ray Course Opens For Industrial Defense Workers' Instrudion Additional persons are needed to complete an evening class in applied X ray under the defense training program, Maurice Graney, local administrator, announced. This course is open to both men and women who have elementary traimng
in physics
Course Offers Lectures The course consists of lectures and demonstrations designed to acquaint the industrial worker with^ the wide technical application of the X ray Instruction will also be given in testing welds, castings, and fabiicated parts So far 210 persons have registered for the course which will open this week and continue during thfe next three months The course js offered without cost, except fot text books, as part of the defense training program ilm AIME To See Movies On Casting Designs This Evening At 7:3^ Members of the University chapter of the American Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engir neeis will meet tonight at 7 30 m in room 306 of the Chemkcd and Metallurgical Engmeer^g Building to view movies on “The Design ot Steel Castings ” C V Kuntz and P H Harlan, of the Ekctiic Steel Castings Co, Jp;dianapolis will piesent a picture on the actual making of electrize steel eastings and will lead a quei^ tion and discussion period following
the films
All members of the ASME ate invited to attend the meeting qs guests of the chapter fob ' Cadet Colonek in the ROTC for next sepi^ ter were announced by the Mlhla»|y department yesterday as fcdllqni^'i A A Topp, corps cominanderi A Campbell, N W Sqber Jif.» |L Steekei, R A Dibos, and IK ^
Chr istinan
T sM, ■fc , #Purdue Expohmt
Council In Action
‘*Forvthfe" t)feJ?>6Si of providing an agency t^urbugh which the students of the University majy be ehable to participate, actively and coi|itinaoilsly, in the concerted eiforts of the Uniyorsity to contribute to the National Wa^ )^^i^|lin|” President Elliott laSt Week api^ihbta Stiid^ht Wat Council. Since then the Council Has had seveinl meetings jand- has diw the following, eightpohW^i^'aM:; ■ 1. Drive for the sale of defense bonds and sta»i{iSi^'’' v: ' '. ' ' 2! Conservation of material resources, including,sa^h items as food, light, paper, and heat.' ■ 3. Publicity of the work of the Council, and the- dissemination of information valuable t'b students. 4. Promotion of physical fitness. 5i PfoihotiOn of student morale through special convocations and programs. 6. Relief work in cooperation with the Relief Fund Coordinating Committee. 7. Curriculum changes, and the addition of new defense courses, including the encouragement of students to keep their work up to date. ji. j^djUStment'of extra-curricular and social activities to war-time conditions. All student affairs are now centered in the Student War Council, which is charged with the responsibility of coordinating student effort with that of the University. Since the
War Council is a body representing the stfu dents, it will welcome suggestions ftp: .activities for the Council'to consider. Gonfespondi ence should be addressed to the Chairman, Dick Dibos, at the Student Senate office. The War Council; intends to keep the student body acquainted with its activities, ■plans, and recommendations. In lihe With this policy the Council is printing the following recommendation made to the University Executive Committee in reply to its request for a statement of student opinion on Voluntary attendance of , classes by upperclassmen : “The Council has voted to recommend that the regulations concerning the voluntary attendance of student upon classes remain as it has been in the past. It feels that most upperclassmen are going to realize the importance of regular attendance at classes because of the elimination .of , final exaniinations ; so they will attend more regularly than they have done in the past. Most of those who are not conscientious enough to do this will, more than likely, make use of many kinds of invalid excuses in ordfer to justify their absences from classes; jUst as many freshmen and sophomores do at the present time. “At the present time, the Council feels that the adoption of a rule setting aside^tbe regulation permitting voluntary class attendance for juniors and seniors would cause a reaction among the general studont Body which would' be unfavorable to not only themselves but to the University as well.”
jlTON^Y 'fgE^'OUR
Wednesday, January 14, 1942
Notes
■United State? Civil Service Commission announces an un-assembled examination for the position of junior technologist. Requiremehts are a bachelor’s degree with major study' in some branch of phySicaT dx biological science or, technology. Further information: can be. obtained at the Placement Service for ■Women whose phone number is ?S66; = . ,
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging- of Bill Morgan of Brooklyn, N. Y., and Ken Kegerreis of Elkhart.
Rochdale House . . . men’s cooperative, announces the election of the follbjyihg officers: Bob Montadon, president; Don Watt, vice- president; .John Wallis, treasurer; Wendell,Linn, secretary; Bill PaUley, work nlanager; Dcn Stultz, assistant„;:Wbvk manager; Jack Byers, food .buyGh* Charles Busier, assistant fbo'd 'biiy--er; Ed Roth, house managep; 133' Huniphrey,: social .chairman; Dave •Barta, education chairman; p'hd Tom Curry,'Don Watt, Bill Panleys; Bob Ri.ggs, standards committee.
Big Ten Standings
Merry-Go-Round (Continued from page 1) cesS' of this conference is Undersecretary Sumner Welles; a straight talking hombre -w'ho has lived With and bled' for Latin Americans ever since he Was out of college. But even more responsible is the man who is host at this conference, Foreign Minister Aranha of Brazil, a mixture of topghness, charm, and graciousness, who is as hard a rooter foriU. S. A. friendship as anyone below the Rio Grande. They will be suppoi-ted by a lot of other able foreign ministers, ardently for action against the Axis —especjuliy those representing the Caribbean countries and , Central America. • Afferrttiath Of Pearl Harbor But'Just the same, the job of getting a- united front even against the very, real threat of invasion is not going to be easy. Reason for this is that a. new story has deveh. oped fh .Latin America since December 1. It is the story of fear. And it'has increased since the fall of Mahiia. . The average Latin American, like thei-average North American, always lociked upon the Japs as clever little people, but nevertheless little people. One Argentine or one Brazilian, they figured, could lick six Japs with both hands tied behind his back. ’So now it is not easy to estimate the damage done to our prestige by the pushing around we■ (and the British) have received in the Pacific since December 7. Higher-up Latin Americans \uriaet-stiand our explanations; and the man-in the street is sympathetic. Nevertheless, no one can over-estimate the big boost it would give OUr prestige and SUrtincr Wrfies’ job in Rio if the Navy cdttld score a striking victory at tHis mortent- in the Pacific. It must always be remembei-ed that Latin Americans have a great respect for powei-. Certain Latin American army leaders have been called pro-NaZi, but actually they chiefly have the military man’s admiration for a successful militaiy machine. And ha-ving looked upon us as a nation of precision and power, Opr present inability soundly and instantly to slap the Japs’ ears dow;^;, has made some of them think twdcg regarding our ability to upholdi'the Monroe Doctrine. • U. S. Support In?' vi^w. of. all this, it is a great tribi|te to Latin American frieudshipl and show.s how deeply the Good Neighbor policy has taken
DOH^T TAKiE THIS LYING DOWN . -/.i
When men are fighting'! and dying, you must do iwur part. Be; 5Ure you eidM ypUr DOLLARS for Back PUT armed forces-r-and protect your. 0^ life—with every single dtfilat and dime; you can. America mpst . haye a stpaSjr flow of money pouring in every day to help beat hack pua: ml.e s .. ... . ’ ' . But ,l^ejB , into „ Defense Stamps, ^d put Dollars into Bonds. Buy now. Biiy every pay day. Buy as often as you .can. Don’t take this lying down.
rpot, that tjie Rio conference starts off with so many bonafide ,y. S- A. supporters in the bleachers. First there is Brazil, largest nation in Latin America and 100 per cent with the United States. Second are the countries which border the Panamal Canal—Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama, Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras — which already have declared war on the Axis. Third are the countries bordering the Caribbean — Cuba, Haiti and the Dominican Republic, which also have declared war. . Fourth, Venezuela, Colombia and Mexico which are near the Panama Canal and have severed diplomatic relations. However, with the larger countries away from the Panama Canal it is a more cautious story. Chile, with nearly 3,0.00 miles of coastlinp along the Pacific, has seen our owp California coast approached by Japanese submarines. So naturally it wonders how the U. S, Navy, too busy to protect its own waters, could possibly defend the distant coasts of Chile. , Fifiall.v, there is Argentina, which has seen the Graf Spec came into the mouth of the River Platte, and Argentina is goipg to be the really tough nUt to crack at this conference. However, Sumner Welles has
been doing some careful advance sounding out of- Pan American foreign ministers and the prbspects for ah ultimatfely successful conference look good; Ofle thing is especially important. No longer do the Pari Americans require a unanimous votfe to adopt a definite policy. Like the old Democratic conven- . tionSj, hamstrung with the twothii'ds rule, the Pan American conferences were frustrated in the past by requiring absolute unanimity. But this, rule is now changed, and all the U. S. A. needs is a majority vote to adopt a strong stand against the Axis. What we will aim for is complete seyering of diplomatic relations With all Axis countries. And even if Argentina dissents, this much, by ‘majority vote, we cab get. • Jesse Jones WASHINGTON — Secretary Jesse Jones, who holds moz-e jobs than any other official in the entire history of the.,govei-nment and who in .some respects has more actual power than the President of the United ..States, has his ambitious eye fixed on still another prize—the biggest of them. all. The soft-voiced, smooth-as-oil opei’ating Texan wants to be boss of the war production machine. After months of backing and filling, the President has finally decided to put his sprawling, muddling and headless supplies organization under a single director. But the big problem is to find the rigffit man. He should have drive, courage, vision, great executive ability and physical stamina, Jones is 68 and has been under hot fire because of alleged delays in getting underway vitally needed war plants and in building up adequate reser-ye stocks of rubber, tin arid other strategic materials whose shortage now is causing the drastic rationing of civilian goods*. Recently, Jones was made a member of SPAB, the top war production agency, on the theory that in this po.sition it would be easier to get his cooperation. How that will work out remains to be seen.. . Ill the meanwhile he is quietly pressing the idea that he should be made the No. 1 man of the whole production organization. He has been flitting around behind-the-scenes on Gapito 1 Hill talking to powei-ful old buddies there'and during Lord Beavei'brook’s stay in Washirigtoh lie entertaihdd and saw
a; lot of the dynamic British Sup-ply-Minister. . : I, Note: Besides being Sccretai-y of Gornmerce, and a member of SPAB, Jones also is head of the Federal Loan Agency, which iricludes the R. F. C., the Metals Resei’Ve Co., the Rubber Reserve Co., the Defbnse Plant Coi-p., and the Defense Supplies Coiqz., . all goverament cqricerris. (Copyright, 1942, by United^ Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Illinois Purdue NorthwesteTn Iowa Minnesota Indiana’ Wisconsin Michigan -Ohio State Chicago
Dr. Rose. L.-,M,opnej/.>f..aSsociai;b professor in physics at' Niwebrab college of Tuiane uni-gersity; is the first womari physicist to haVe .received a Guggenheim fellowship. ^ EverytPiftg^for a * i Collegp' WdkiMtion ^ r
,A year ago last September Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen wrote , what ha'- now become one of the most sensational scoops of 1940 regarding Nazi pl opagaiVda in the United States. They disclosed how the late Senator Lundeen of Minhesotk, killed in an airplane crash, had been the dupe of George Sylvester Viereck, a paid agent of Nazi Germany, now charged by the .1 hstice Department' as' being the arch,propagandist of Hitler. The Wa.shington Merry-Go-Rounders disclosed how Viereck had written the speeches which Senator ' Lundeen delivered on the floor of the U. S. Senate, the most important legislative body in the work), and how these speeches later were sent out under the Senator’s frank all over the country.. Following their exposure Pearson and Allen were castigated by various senators, threatened with legal action'and .$5,000 wa.s appropriated by the Senate to investigate them. However, the Justice Department’s special prosecutor recently used almost the identical language of Pearson and Allen in prosecuting George Hill, secretary to Congressmaiz HanuUon Fish. Referring to George Sylvester Viereck, prosecutor William P. Maloney said: “We find this same arch propagandist the close confidant and political adviser of Senator Lundeen, writing Senator Lundeen’s speeches which thereafter were delivered on the floor of the Senate and later printed in the Gongressional Record and distributed by the hundreds of thousands by George Hill, Using Lundeen’s frank, all under Viereck’s direction.” Maloney added that these speeches “presented the view of Viereck’s employer, the Government of the Third Reich, Dr. Goebbels and Mr. Hitler.”
LEARN TO DANCE BEGINNERS' CLASS OPENS Wed., Jan. 28, 7:30 p; m. WALTZ, SLOW AND FAST FdX-TROT taught' ADVANCED CLAS9 OPENS Thurs., Jan!;; 29, 7:30 p. m. ' PHONE 2150 ' ALLEN’S bthandFerrv
..Sif?tpso7t^Sntith SURFACE NOISE Don’t frown on Art Kassel’s latest Bluebird disc, “The Biggest A;spidistra in the World,” because the dictionary reveals that Aspidisti’a is ari Asiatic plant often grown as a house plant. . . . Prank Sinatra and Sy Oliver, both of T. Dorsey’s band, are leading in the Downbeat poll for honors as niale singer and arranger respectively. . . . Chopin has cut in on Tschaikowsky’s and Rachmaninoff’s Hit Parade monopoly- zyith Skinny Ennis’ Victor waxing"*t)f “I Pound You in the Rain” from Chopin’s Prelude No. 7. ■. . Abbott and Costello have recoi'ded a bunch of their best laughs under the title of “Laugh, Laugh, Laugh.” . . . Tommy Dorsey got: the “Silver Platter” from Coca. Cola for his best seller “This Love of Mine.” CATCH ON, BUD One of the slickest things we’ve heard since “She SHad To Go and Lose It at The Astor” is “I Said No.” Tliere . are two mighty slick arrangements of this, one by Alvino Rey with Yvonne King on the ■v'ocal and tlie other by Jimmy Dorsey with both Eberle aiid ■O’Connell teasing each other on the Vocal. Either or both of these grdoving.s is a darn .good buy.. Records like this must be brought on by the war like other uhrecorded events.: On Rey’s disc, there’s a mighty fine back-up number niasquei'ading under the title “Deep in the Heart of Texas.’’ Let ybui' conscience be your guide, but be sure to let it out enough to get one.
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS ^ GRAVES Quality BAKERY
LAST TIMES TODAV ^
A big, merry octibri-muskol poceil by oholf dozen Rodgers and Hart top- ' hit
starring Majireen O'Hara James Ellison Alberto Vila Buddy Ebsen Diosa Costello RKO RADIO Picture
AND "TWO GUN SHERIFF' — WITH — DON BARRY — ALSO ^
"SEA RAIDERS," SERIAL
THURS. - FRI. - SAT. "SILVER STALLION" "TWO IN A TAXI " "JUNGLE GIRL" pathe news
GEORGE ‘ ■ ILONA ★
BASIL
RATHBGNf
LAST TIMES TODAY —
"You're In The Army Now’
lOc PAUL'S PLACE Beef Steak Beef Barb-Q Home Made Chili Pork Tenderloin Furnas Ice Cream Phone 2645 We'beliver
GILLESPIE'S Dishes Silverware Glassware Cooking Utensils' Dining Room Furniture 221 Columbia St. Phoine 6405
HELD 0VER1
VERA
VICTOR
H^PE ZORINA- MOORE. PlfflCflllSC
IN technicolor!
wlltt
IRENE OONA RAYMOND
«« M m BORDONi ■ DRAKE • WAIBURN % \ lAI // •nnieiLMA I nvetiFS.THE CREAM OF THE CROP
THOSE LOUISIAN* LOVEIIES-THE CREAM OF THE Music and lyMes By IRVING BERLIN
Now Playing
piinduiL All’-American 1 S!40-'41
Entered as second'Clask matter at ttie post oflite in Lafayette, Iridiana,_ under the act of Congress df March 3; 1879, and at the special rate of postage pro'vided for in section 1103, act of October 3, i >17, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year atd weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subairiptibns, $4.00.
;
,.... .—
A 1
E iitor-in-Chief Editor Ssorts Editor
.Ned A, Ochiltree ISiiHineNs Manager.. ..John h. TrauBott ManaBing Editor Phil Johnson Coed Editor
Don S. Powers .Lcland W. Ruifner Ruth Rose
Publication Staff jtitorial Staff : J. K. Amos, J. 11. ArmstronB, D. T. Broiihy, Jjt, t,, fladb'y. F- L Jmws. K. (1. Kieper. Boris Bt«ff; O. '1'. Ciarh, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler. .BtatT: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatficld, Jane Rhmsdell. Associate Editoca
Business Staff Coed Business ManaBcr: Donna Siess; Office Manager: Leu UoiiSoiiB. . ^ Local Advertising Managers: 1C. K. Gjomrc, R. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankcnberry, Frances I.loyd, Julia Martin.
— LAST TIMES TODAY — nATTLlE MAH CVKIS AN' DANCE ON A VIMEl -a-it’s rompin’, stompin’ time with m
Dibnw: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
LUMA LAST DAY — 2 HITS
mFENSEJjaniiary^ 14, 1942
thp':28„ti9.31 lead.t^e' Hfcv^keyes held
at ,half -time.; . .
ii gT ep Biciske.|ls^l Goes To iRinois Cimtd ; The'in&d' s'ci'ainble for the bagfcetbMl; ch^rfipiOfiSMip of tiie [>,)< Wdsterh Gbnffefehc^ ''todh ‘ on a' ne# lilfhb lhst -'Monday' night whieh avidlibrji^; by the Uniyfersity of'Illinois'over- OhiotStite; coUpled^' ’^ilH ■ defeats' infetirred by Northwebt'erh;- v IbyraT; atid ou^ owii • Boilferihakers, gave the Illlhi complete possession; of firSt>^' pfeee in the Big Ten
st^idiii^;'' ^ " ,Fr«^-lifelp
i3c4«»t.:the»fMl Ite p,c,vwi .
the mai-^W ofiyictoVy for. the ljli- ? If ■—^i:^” "" •f ■ -■ tional college'champion, finally won noil qumtfet, foi- they , aunk; 18 of . rif - m u i to. 4.U ? t -V 1.;1-1 r>w its first Big. Teh encoQirter when ther chanty tosses-while Ohio was . ® . ..u - i. i- r • nt- . ir „ they ran roughshod overthe hafp-makingsoftjy-.mne. Ohio rallied.re- . . .r, x* X j? -XU X7 Tiv • less Chicago Maroons to the thne
peaitedly t6rpdffieven with the Illini, x, c& . ..or-
but'Sophomore Ken Menke, whose ° ^ 'xl - .. / . . •„. xo • r jf ft • The Badgers never once-were-in-' 18 points gamed him high scoring t, j • xt x x j x,x 1 .ci:I_-xt'' w • j j? trouble: during the contest, and afthonors for the evening, proved far ... oo X 101 J X t ij; , „ .. j, xt a j xt er, piling up a 32 to 12 lead at halftoo effective from the floor and the ,. _ ■ ^ j x x .n „ , ti X time continued to score at will Buckeyes were never able to over- ,, ■ . _ , . , X,:' 1 ' j” J i X eb i xn throughout the final period. The come-the.ileadrand lost 58 to 49. , , - j xt 1,1. tt> irx- aix.tx x- . _ _ V ,v- , . loss marked the fourth straight setMichig^h, ‘^ho previous to Mon- back for the GhiCagO squad ahd left day night’s .ball.game yrith North- them sole possession ofi the • cellar,
western had ; received three con- Hoosier Hotshots
secutive conferehce setbacks, pulled Blboinington, Indiana’s Hoospr^bably the biggest upset of the Jers suddenly Warmed up to the ocse^son -when .,: they knocked the casion and outshot an equally-cool Wildcats frpm-the ranks of the un- quintet to win a one beaten' anUidfOpped them in a tie point victory, 40 to 39. The defeat, for! second place. the first in four conference games Graham Thl'dttled. for the Eiveters, dropped them into The Wol-verihes succeeded in a second place tie with Northwestthrottling the Wild cats’ Otto Gra- ern, loWa, and Minnesota^ hapi,.to, two field goals, and at the Swanson and. Denton, each with same time their own Commin was .six baskets, paced the Indiana athavingx a-field day from the floor tack that featured amazing acto pace the Michigan squad to-their curacy from the court in making 34,'to 32 victory. good on 17 of 53 field goal attempts Iowa was another of the teams while the Boilermakers were cashwho lost their unbeaten rating ing. in on only, 15 of 71. The when an inspired Minnesota five, Hoosiers’ , win left them with an paced by Warren Ajax, a junior . even break in Big Ten competition, guard, overcame the Hawkeye lead two defeats against two wins, in the last tv/o minutes of the game ; Bec.ause the schedule wa.s made when they dumped in three quick put before the elimination of final fielders to win 41 to 39. examinations, the Boilermakers Ajax Stars fipd themselves gifted with twelve Ajax poured 19 points through /^ays before their next tilt which the draperies, 15 of which were will be played against the Univer■made in the last 10 minutes of sity of Minnesota here in the Field-
play, to more than compensate for house on January 26.
ApproxilwAtely fifty track men lhave begun to, work out ott * the Pieldho^se track under the ^upervieion of C^ch Hentum' - Phillips. Their present goal is the indoor tr^k seal^ wl^lfc 5^^ begins with a meet against Chicago on February 7. Six me^ are scheduled for the winter campaign which exhebda ui^l
BOWL to keep in trim Take ^ the game for hours ol sporting joyment. Come down to the spacipus, modern Union Bowling Alleys.
iV’ ' MM
WtiofL
The Corner of the Campus—^ Yet the Center of Activities
^ W&MI Make Ir In Graduate School * We can’t put our heart into our work tortight; For four years we’ve jbeen waiting to beat Indiana on their floot, but-it just never came to ■pass. Guess we’ll'have to flunk a course or go into graduate work to see it happen.’ ’ ; ' ' It was a tough game to Idsey but we challenge anyone to a duel personally who condemns any player on the team for the Idss.Tt was one. of those nights. Blanken should have had at least foUr-'buckets, but instead his shots casually rimmed the hoop and feiT'the. wrong -yVa-y. The whole team fought-hard, never letting Up, or- showing signs-of weakening'against: the amazing shooting accuracy of the Hposier five. ► If Was A Tough Team That Bcfaf Us Then there’s no use denying the strength of the Indiana team. We -would class them as the best team, outside of the Great liakes five, to face the Boilermakei’s this year by great odds. In addition, they -were keyed higher than about any. team we’ve ever seen, They played,an inspired, fighting game throughout, showing, more actual aggressiveness than any Indiana team-we’ve ever seen. Woe Unfo The Officials If we live to be Methuselah’s age we’ll never see a poorer job of officiating. It wasn’t that they were calling them for either side’s advantage:—although the Hoosiers certainly thought so the first half —but it was just they they called almost every whistle the opposite from what it should be. The game went so fast or they were so slow that they were about 30 seconds behind each play. WeTl bet a moving picture of the game would show at; least a dozen mistakes in the possession of . out of bounds balls. This is the Townsend boys first year in J^he conference, and so far they’re more unpopular tbau the Beeler boys. Maybe they’ll get drafted.
What A Crowd!
All these years we’ve been hearing of the unsportsmanship of .Boilermaker crowds, and there is no doubt that it could be improved, but actually they’re pikers compared -to the Indiana crowd of Monday night. They almost raised the roof booing! as Frosty Sprowl stepped up to the foul line after the gun ending the first half had fire'd. At that Jie hit one of two. 7, ► What An Ending The finish of the game was so wild that the Indiana Daily Student writer, sitting on my left, thought that the Hoosiers had lost as the gun fired and turned with quivering lower lip to offer us congratula--tions. Then, the scoreboard changed to the right score and he almost
fell over the bannister.
.,. Zimmer was a big gun for the Hoosiers in last Monday night’s yJetory over the Boilermakers, He imedthis height to great advantage in recovering/ebounds of the Riveters; Though outscored by some of the yoilhgfer'men on the squad Andy was, the mainstay of, the McCrackenitten with his aggressive play on the floor. . x
WAA
With the season in full swing, WAA activities are bigger and more frequent. The course for basketball officials has call-outs tonight- at 4- in the Women’s Gym. This course is for anyone wanting to referee for the Intramural and class basketball games. All girls are eligible. —WAA-^ Next Monday, practices for basketball teams will begin from 4 to 6 p.m. Every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday following there -will be an official rehearsal, and two practices are I’equired before anyone can play on her house team, so get those scrimmages in. —WAA— . The swimming meets will begin sometime in early February so be certain that you start getting in the five half-hour swims previous to that time. Sporfs Si-aff , Important meeting of the junior associate editors and all freshmen and sophomore workers Thursday evening at 7 p.m. in the Union office. Work schedules will, be arranged. Important that everyone be there. —-JOHNSON
Winter Spoaefs
BASKETBALL Jan. 26—Minnesota, i^re. Jan. 31—At Ohio State. Eeb. 7—Towa here. Eeb. 9—Northwestern, here. Feb. 14—At Minnesota. Feb- 16—.Wisconsin, here. Feb. 21:—At Chicago. Feb. 23—^At Northwestern. Feb. 28—At Iowa. Feb. 28—At Iowa. Mar. 2—At Michigan. Mar. 7—At Illinois. INBOOR TRACK Feb, 7—At Chicago, Feb; 14—Illinois Belays. Feb. 21—Open, Feb. 2frx-Al' Indiana; Mar. 6-7—Big Ten at Chicago. Mar; 14—Butter Relays, . Mar. 21-—Chicago Relays. , SWIMMING .latii 31-x:-Mich!gan: State, here. Feb. 7—Indiang, here. Feb. 14—Miobigtin, here. Feb, ■IdT-^At; Ohio State. Feb. 21-^St'ate High school meet, here. Feb; 28-i-At'initl8iS; Mar. ,4—At . Chicago. Mar. 7—Northwestern, here. Mar. 13-14—Big. Ten at Ann Arbor. Mar. 21—State Meet (tentative). Mar. 27-28—NCA'A at Harvard. WrESTLiNg Jan. 31—^Eindlay-yl herei Feb. 7—Ohio State, here. Feb, 9—-At' Chicago. Feb. 12:—Indiana, here. Feb. 17—'llltnois, here. Feb. 22^—^Northwestern, here. Feb. 26—Wheaton, here (tentative). Mar. 6—At Northwestern. Mar. 7—At Wisconsin. Mar. 12-13—Big Ten at Chicago. Mar. 27-28—NCAA: at Lansing. Mich. SQUASH Jan. 17^—Culver Officers, here (2:30). Jan. 17—Chicago, here (5 p. m.) Jan. 24—St.' Louis Y, there. Jan. 24—Western Tourney (St. Louis). Jan. 31—At Culver. /. Feb. 7—At Northwestern'(2:30). Feb. 7—At Chicago (5:30). Feb. 14—At Pendennis Glpb (Louisville). Feb. 14—At Winn-Stay Club (Louisville). Feb; 21—At Michigan (2:30). Feb. 21—At Detroit Y (7:30). Feb. 28—lAC, here. , Mar. 14—Western Collegiate (Chicago).
Interfraternity Bbwlin^
BRACKET A
Alpha Tau Omega. - Beta Theta Pi..... Phi Sigma Kappa .. Phi Kappa Sigma .... Pi Kappa Alpha Phi Delta Theta Lambda Chi Alpha Beta Sigma Psi Theta Xi :: Theta Chi Pi Kappa Phi ..: Sigma Pi Phi Kappa Tau
BRACKET B
Southworth
Delta Tau Delta Delta Upsilon Sigma Nu Sigma Alpha Epsilon Tau Kappa Epsilon .,; Acacia Alpha Sigma Psi , Phi Kappa Kappa Delta Rho. Alpha Chi Rho Phi Kappa Psi Phi Gamma Delta Triangle '' Tau Epsilon Phi
W. 22 20 20 19 19 16 16 16 15 14 10 8
A SURE ‘DEFENSE’for your pocketbook Buy Your NEW and USED TEXTBOOKS
HURRY! Buy your Supplies today while the selection is still complete . . .
PENS BOOKS SUPPLIES ZIPPER NOTE BOOKS ENGINEERING SUPPLIES
BOOK & SUPPLY SW
308-10 STATE ST. WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
Bmifhworih’s
SCHEDULE Wednesday, Jan. 14 6:30 Sigma Nu ys. Tau Epsilon Phi. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 8:45 Lambda Chi Alpha Vs. Phi Delta Theta. Thursday, Jan. 15 6:30 Pi Kappa Phi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Beta Theta Pi vs. Theta Chi. Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Pi. Beta Sigma Psi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. - ,8:45. ' Triangle vs. Acacia. : Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Alpha Sigma Psi. Phi Gamma Delta vs. Delta Tau Delta. Phi Kappa Psi' vs. Kappa Delta ■ Rho. Phi Kappa vs. Delta Upsilon. Note— Phi Kappa Tau and Theta Xi do not bowl this week.
TENTH WEEK STATISTICS High Individual Scores— Sigma Pi. Hints Delta Upsilon, Barnes High Individual SeriesBeta Sigma Psi, Bradac..... Delta Tau Delta, Wright High Team Game— Sigma Pi Tau Kappa Epsilon High Team Series— Delta Tail Delta Sigma Nu
jlIMfereh 21, ; T lii addition to tjSe men there are j Rhinies as iippeirdassRien out. No predictions yet as to the personnel, ciif the coii^ petitive varsity team,,, Becalopj^j Coach Phillips is not certain at'ttes point which of the men wiB he gible for competition. Furfhermolre, none of the meh haVe done enoti^lit work as yet so that their condition and ability are still things: that must be established in the fatdrie. Because of the space limitatiphis,. several of the events in indoor tradk meets are shorter than they-are outdoors. The events that have to be shortened or eliminated ate the dashes and the hurdles. liisteacl cS having a hundred and a twe-tweaqty in the dashes, there is only a yard dash. Both hurdle events i^e run at the sijety. yard distancer it^ stead of the outdoor distaniies of 120 yard for the high hurdles and 220 yards for the low hurdles. No More Javelih > - In the field events there is np: discus throw or javelin thro^ due to the lack of space;''The jave^ii throw has been eliminated entiridy. from Big Ten competition, how^.. ever, and even the outdoor mepts will not list it on the program. The ' rest of the events are very naueb like those of an outdoor meet. ; This year’s team ia lead by Cap*^ tain Burt Anthony, a quaA^T nailer, who finished fourth in the. ence indoor meet last yea?.' one. of the mainstays, of;.rtieJBaiie:^ ; relay: team that looks; very; goptP^ this early, stage of the-cahipalKn. Other members of the qttar^; of quarter miles that cbn£®fisej3% 13^ lay; team are George Afehejr;'; a; sophomore, Bill Banker- and Will Gaulke. Harriers Turnout ' All of the members of f last sea» son’s confer e ri c e championship ; cross country team, with 'the-^e€5hi tion of Ed Holderman, are'cmbfor the track squad' and thfese-hien should do a veiy good job, of tiding the distance events,.-,'LThidi^ names are Woody Appletoni EiSith McLaughlin, Darrel; Roach, Duesleri Don Kemp and Bob Ja|^8, Football player Bayry! seems to be the best shot put prospect, but he has not had'enot|gil work as yet to be able tb shww- ttfe;-. full extent of his ability, at; tpssi^; the lead around. Edwards,^ and Grimm are the best iii-:the-'ij|6j[p vault, .and are staging. for the number one spot in jtMd-Sky sosiring event; . . - .C Indoor track and the oilEfdbQrT yririety are in reality one sport i^h:, no definite break- between tlife 'tw^ seasons. The sport merely shifts to the outdoors when the-'W^th^'be-comes suitable for work in?thef'ojieh. Because of the, present emergen^ that; existSj and the; adcompari^g Shortening of the? semeste^i changes will have to be. made iri-i^ outdoor track schedule. As ifst^da rit present, the schedifle WQpid carry over after the:-setnesterjatas ended and some of the would , have left school via the graduati^ route, e.lk.
689 687
969 952
:.26()S..252S'
SQUASH Courts 1, 2, 3 :7:00 Beta ? Sigma? P:st‘ .vs:. Afitha - Tail Omega, ;' ■ ;'
It’s T
Now that the rush 5 and furor of reg^tra^ tion is over—WHV NOT add to ■ loveliness?— . ,
- j
By Visiting Our Saion PERMANENTS, soft, hrusktess curlSi FINOERWAVES, youlMuJ, becoming s^l^ FACIALS, to bring the bloom to your checks*;., ^
MANICURES, to brin|. beauty to you^ fing.erd|i^
BEAUTY^ SALON Second Floor
If r # i-
!
1
;;?Ji
ii ?
''-■'jtiSSSii f.; v‘ ’’If ^ >
’-I k. V X
Purdue^ Exponent
e^/iH "
' W^dnesday^ January 14," 1942
■UH
1“ .. ^
4^7%ie Jfofto.
1*^ “*<
f
t <1.3
3-^
3.93
# • • to 1
Production
> ^
N4t% that the icgistiation rat i^^ls ovfei, we can all settle dovin and! ^rciax” for the next three and d hplf months Of torn se there \\ ei e Ae Ushal few who staited lelaxing carlv—and ni a big wav, too Piac tkilly the whole Pi Phi tribe was oWcr town Satuida^ afteinoon cele bratfng either because the seniestei was over oi because of the Cole sis ters making then grades At any taite, such “non partakeis” of the spiritual fluids as Harriet Forgej, Jane Robinson, Pattj Moffitt, and Rat Stenberg were in on it—so thet'e must have been a good leason —some leason anyway And we were alwaj s told that Pi Phi s didn’t do those things
'the Gimlets and Reamers had their little fling down at Blooming ton the other night Intel esting events of the evening included Ros tOe Starek, Jack Thompson and Hidk Rccktenwald trying to smug glfe a table out of the Rendezvous -^W|th Dick Rane> undei it Ted “Snnbeam” Clark gave some mighty conMiicing lenditions of ^‘Dblaware, My Delaware ” As to what oi who thej convinced wc leave to youi imagination “Cun terfeiter” Adams and “Shoulders Hepbnrn were there shaiing a large padt of the festivities sans then pin gafs L a t e 1 on “Philsie” Johnson rounded up the lemains of his ex pfedition and herded them ovei to the local KKG establishment wheie the gals wcie treated with the best serenade the boys could mustei— led by “Slick Dick” DeGarmo who Went through a series of aciobatics unknown to man in doing so Too bad we don’t play lU down there more often Incidentally the pass wotd of the boys now as coined by Bob “Slingshot” Bailey thi ough oiit the course of the evening is “Remember Pearl Harbor Sig nifitance unknown
(Continued fioin page 1) of contestants to seven entiies in both the group and cuitain acts divisions An added featuie of the show was the piesentation of the coloiful “Gypsy Cai avail ’ by 60 voices fiom the Purdue Men’s Glee Club and Chon Malquis made his second addiess of the daj at the annual banquet of the Indiana Faim Management Association last night, at which time announcement was made of awards to outstanding Hoosiei ag iicultuiists Marquis’ subject was ‘How Ameiican Faimeis May Be Affected br the Wai in Euiope ” R E Edwaids of Peiu acted as toastmastei Rural \outh Thiee diffeitnt state agiicuUuial 01 ganizations held then annual meetings in connection with the confcience Yestciday bi ought to a close the sixth annual meeting of Indiana Ruial Youth, as well as opening the annual meetings of the Indiana Farm Management Asso ciation and Indiana Hoiticultuial Society Speaking before the faim man igemefit group L J Noiton of the dtpaitment of agricultuial eco nomics University of Illinois, de tlaied that the most effective Wj^y to avoid the fixing of maximum puces on faim pioducts under the conditions of heavy wartime de mauds is to keep supplies hbeial With the demands that exist for coin belt products with the excep tion of wheat this policy may also prove piofitable to the individual fanner ’ said Noiton “The Depart meiit of Agriculture has asked laimeis to increase the production of certain commodities It would therefore seem desirable that for the duiatioii of the war all re stiaints which tend to prevent fnimeis from getting the highest production should be eliminated This will require substantial modi fication of the present AAA pro gram It should be recognized that these programs were set up to meet depression not waitime condi tions
Let Your Amwer to Bombs Be BONDS!
We are fighting enemies who wi'l stop at nothing With our liomes, our very lives at stake shall we stop short of giving our dimes and dollars for Defense? Buy Defense Bonds and Stamos every day, every week Buy as <f your very life depended upon it It does!
9intB I E SonKU J R Welbauin E A Wendt R R Wcatcott D P Woltorv G R Cornelius E H 5 00 p m Brunk U E Cbfrmit T H (riste J D Dickey B C dcBruyn H G 1 Farnsworth L E Fricke B C Ger nand W F GreeiihslKh D K Jones C E Link G H Lukenhill E D Ml Cabe L I MtlrBer F A Rodptera P E Sinter M Smith B G Southworth G S —BROWtt
6E 11 apd GE 12 The cxkminatiop for the removal of C and 1 grades m GB 11 and GE 12 will bo given Saturday Jail 24 from 1pm to 4 p m in room 801 of the Michael Golden Shops —RISING
An examination for removal of C and I grades in Chemistry 1 2 11 and 12 will be given in Room 129 Chemistry Annex Tuesday January 18 at 1 p m Make arrangements at Room 12 Chem istiy Annex bctoie 12 M January 18 This examination applies to C and I grades of the 1941 Summer Session or be fore and not to those of the stmester end int January 10 1842 r D MARTIN R F BROWN F J ALLEN
Senior Chemistry Majors Seniois who are disirous of getting a job report to room 422 Chemistry building A number of as Bistantships are available for coming school year in the department of chemistry Sen lors interested report to my of flee at once DEGERING
Triton Club Regular meeting Tuesday Tanuary 18 at 80 p m in the Women s Gym Attendance compulsory KRAEPELIEN
Seventy two pei cent of students interviewed in a recent college sui vey owned tameias
Zouaves Meeting at 4 p m Thursday Jan lo in room lOo of the Aimory Drills will be discussed —GRAF
/
AWS There wijl be a meeting of the executive board Thursday Jan lo —McCUILOUGH
Notices
Acromodclers Important meeting at 7 30 pm Thursday Jan lo in room 80 of the Union Important that ivervone interested in second semester membership attend —SMITH
Little Momc Convo Subscribers Th Stu dent Art Guil 1 Litth Movie C n\o will be held in the Hall of Mu e on T sday Jan 20 in tead of this evening a prev ously announced P'VRKS
All Mets AlMl melting Aeing planned WAA Meeting of the intramural board for Wednesday Jan If Please hold date Friday Jan 16 at 4 p m in the Womens opin STARKEY fcy“> —FORD
kappa Psi Meeting in room 803 of the Union Wednesdaj Jan 14 at 30 p m Bring unpaid dues Special leport to bo given -SECRETARY
WAA Ping pot r 1 sh ffloboard call outs will be Monday Jan 1) at 4 p m It Women s Gym SCHUBER
Junior Military Studen s i yo i wish to enter loo mm h)w tver competition for the second scmcstei tu n in h t of quid by noi n Jin 1 to Capt Rul > List to in elude two junior nine sophomores —RUBY
Wesley Foundation Skating Party 1 n lay night Jan 16 8 30 10 p m at the Foundation Leave for Maple Point at 10 p m Skate from 10 30 12 10 Charges 25c per person to includt transportation Those furnishing cars to bo admitted free ^ —GILBLRT
Classified Ads
Pistol Team Tryouls fl following lisle 1 students are aske 1 to report at the Armoiy January 14 1142 4 00 p m Baynes F L Bedwell R R Bellows H Bryant R J Kat? A S Kuhn W A L ird A Miachem T R Millir P G Nichol on B E Parker H W Pearson J M Sharpe V G
Tau Beta Pi Meeting Thursday Jan 15 at 7 80 p m in room 87 of the Union Imi ortant business and refreshments Old members will receive plaques —MUNGER
Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes eolil rented repaired and purchased Mime ograph work done C J Ebershoff 606 Main Lafayette Phone 2779
All Forensic Managers Meeting in the office in the Union on Thursday Jan lo at 4 p m —LAWLER
For Sale instrumeijts
A set of excellent drawing Call 4o632 Reasonable
Student War Council Meeting Thur dav Jan lo at 4 p m in the Student Semte office —DIBOS
Wanted to buy 1 set diawing instru ments K & E Post or Dietzgcn Call Hupp 5089
Lost Dark blue purse Reward Call 8118 83^0
Anothei Sig Ep pin has tli ifted into Deac’s via Janet Morehouse The donoi was Robert Edward Adams of the afoiementioned crowd He claims the onlj tools he need foi the job was a rubber hose baseball bat and—the pin She doesn’t look any the worse foi wcai, anyway
Personnel Notes
Just aftei vacation Virginia Rilej snatched the DU pin of Bob Henderson fioni his veiy bosom Then Bob discover td that this was teaiing the heartstrings of his fia te nity brothei, Tom Keefer, so he entleatored to get the pin back— lo no avail The moral of this touching tale is Hell theie aie no inoials in this case Especially with a Kappa concerned in it
An incic ise in pait tune and tern poiaiy job openings for Univeisitj students is anticipated duiing the coming months it was announced today by Glen Huion inanagci United States Employment Seiviec, 312 Noith Fouith Street Students inteiested in pait time emplojment should give then new class schedules to the employment office as soon as possible so that placement inteivieweis will be able to call them at times when they aie available foi pait time work
When Good Appearance Counts .. You Can Depend On Crown
Crown Cleaning really makes your Suit “Stand Out” . . . Your Hat too, if it’s cleaned and blocked by Crown.
Crown lAraDii?
Top of the Hill
There has been a teiiific influx of diamond iings and such fiom off cafnpus latelj Bettj Burton of IV RH, Bertie Studebacker and Mlirgie Buntain aie now pioudlj wjanng diamonds from their men back home Harriet Decker did the job up light and was maiiied m Whbhington, D C , duiing the hob dajs Congratulations and good luck to all conceined
THINK NOW!
*When a fellow pins a Kappa that’s loutme stuff but when a Kappa pins a man that s news' Ex-Kappa piexy Bettv Jane Carr pulled this little stunt last Satui day night The “luckj man was Theta Chi Chuck Keene who al i^ady has his pm out back home Cjiuck suie has the key’ to the situation anyway Meanwhile a li|w yaids distant Shirl Radiator Gap” Murphj was up to his old tiiek of pinning biotheis dates The biother this time was Bob pcaver and the gal was Chuck itecfie’s sister This is getting too epmplicatcd so we give up and proudly polish the pm w e can t set rid of
ABOUT YOUR
GRIN ANpBEARfT
YWCA Cabinet Members Meeting ih the office at 8 p m Thuisday Jan 15 —NEWTON
Chemistry 110 126 and 126 Report to my office m the Chem Building on Wed nesday Jan 14 to receive schedules —ELVING
Senior Coeds For information regarding the Civil Seivice examination for positions as junior technologists call at the Flace ment Service for Women Phone number 2965 —SMITH
Exponent Editorial Staff Staffb for the remainder of this vdek Jan 14 through I"" inclusive will be the same as last semester s If for any reason you cannot report for work on your assign day be certain you get a substitute —RUFFNER
Gold Peppers Dinnei mectini, at 6 15 p m Thursday at the Kappa House If you are unable to attend please call Betty Graham —SCARFF
Catalyst Club Election of pledges will be held Wednesday Jan 21 at 7 lU p m Nominations must be m Dr Lovell s office before Tuesday noon Jan 20
-YODER
Sophomore Military Students The foi lowing students repoit at the Supply Room of the Armory at 4 p m either Jan 15 or Jan 16 tor the purpo c of having thiir pictures taken Ahmaii Anderson Baiab Figg Funk Gatineau Gutting Hal rington Hoffman Howartli lohnson Leh non Loren McCov Nelson OlseP Parrish Pflufc Sanders Shelby Tamm Uhl Weis
berg Wilson /ankl —VANDERFORD
fC U S Pat Off AU Ittii
“He’s 64 and he wants to mairy me, but I’m not sure it’s just to get out of the draft'”
C. W. Caldwell Addresses Ivansville Sdeniec Club
NEXT SEMESTER
Piof C W Cdldwell of the Sghool of Eleeti ical Engmeei mg and fagulty adviboi foi the defense tifdmmg piogiam addiessed more t|>an nmet\ membeib of the Sei entec Club of Evansville last Fii tlaj evening on ‘Electionicb m Defense ” The meeting of the club li)ok place at the McCuidy Hotel The niembei b of Ivoi S Campbell’b fjetense tiainmg elabs m eleeti leal engmeenng paitieipated in the dib A^bbion that tollowed the talk Pjotcbhoi Caldwell bpoke on the igqiitip) and meabuiement ol elec t!|<?nit equipment a» applied to the |ielense piogiam m mdubtry He dtemonstiated the use ot the obeil imwp6, life Btrobobcope, the teli yfiilOB tube, and othei eeiuipment
Think Of The Money You’ll Save
EXPONENT SUBSCRIPTION
Buy and Sell Your Books at the
BOOK STORE
Acioss fiom the Union Building M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
I 4a indubtiial e*iutionieb k b in
* m
* II