“ j I*" ■*
1 4' . V /
>9
Bulgarians ^ Ji A Deny Nazi f^ti/U/Ui^
Infiltration
Founded In 1889
% xfiMe4ii
Dally Since 1906
Two Diptomafic Moves Place lalkans In War Zone; British To Leava By Beleti Kirkpatrick SPECIAIi CABl,^ To The Cbkaso Daily News Foreteh Service. Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily Nevhs, Inc. I^on4op> Pel?. 11..-^reat Btitain’s dramatic gesture in breaking off diplomatic relations with Kumpnia, the day fejlowing^ Prime Minister Churchill’s equally dramatic state* ment of German inhltration into Bulgaria apd warning to that country, is regarded in London as the opening shot in a hew war apna. Although reports that all British legation staffs in the Balkans are preparing to leave their posts are denied in London, it is admitted that events in that part of the world may move very rapidly. The Bulgarian governmont has denied the truth of Churchill’s statement that the Gsrmaps were plready in Bvdgaria, but there is no disposition here to alter the view. Jndeed, all reports reaching London today confirm the accuracy of his statement. Kumania Blacked Out As Bpmania plunged into darkness last night, a few hours after the British minister had notified Premier Gen. Ion Antonescu of Britain’s decision to break off diplomatic relations, trainloads of German troops in civilian clothes were reported to have departed for Sofia, the Bulgarian capital. Britain’s decision was taken, it was stated here this morning, because of the futility of maintaining relations with what was described as a German-occupied country. So Jar as can be ascertained, it does not mean that Britain intends to declare war oq Rumania. Turkey Next On Nazi List Turkey, Britain’s nonbelligerent ally iq the Near East, will be the next to be threatened. The neck and neck race between the British and the Germans for this vital area in the Near East looks as if it would reach a showdown around the middle of April. Once again Russia’s position becomes the focal point or interest. Will the Russians permit a German attack on Turkey? - Wiancko Will Discuss Peru, Chile In Lecture Professor A. T. Wiaqcko, head of the Agronomy Department, will present an illustrated lecture on South America Thursday evening, February IS. The talk, which is being sponsored by the Agronomy Club, will be supplemented by slides, and will feature a discussion qtf the nitrate industry of Chile. Also in''eluded will be a picturization of t|ie agricultural industry of Peru and Chile, which Professor Wiancko observed intimately during a toqr South America as the guest of the Chilean Nitrate Company. All persons who are interested are cordially invited to be present for the lecture in the Reception Room of the Union Building at 7 p. rq, Thursday, m.s.
Volume 52, No. HI
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, February 12, 1941
Mi.. From All Fronts...Today's Summary Of War News
Vo C&icaso Daily News Fqteign Serviep. Chieago Daily News, Ina Germans Fly To Balkans ^ The Germans are flying troops to the Balkans, according to reports from Belgrade. Fleets of sky transports have been observed, the dispatches say, speeding over Hungary toward Rumania and Bulgaria.
Franco Crosses France “Spanish Dictator Gen. Francisco Franco crossed Freqeh territory by train early this morqing on route to Rome," Paul Ghall is informed in Vichy. “According to one version here, the Franco visit may concern a demand for Spanish help to Italy." Bombs Cover Desert “Oqe aiiplane ride over this district shows why the late Italo Balbo’s great sky fleet no longer functioned," radios Robert J. Casey from the Libyan front. “The northern desert is strewn with the fossils of II Duce’s high-priced bombers.” British Strong “Thailand is not Japan’s yet,” radios A. T. Steele from Singapore. “British influence is still strong and is backed by powerful reinforcements along the frontier of northern Malaya.” RAF BIssts Coast The French invasion coast was blasted by the Royal Air Force for the third successive day today, London announces. Last night the fliers made heavy attacks on the industrial district of Hanover. Italians Rstraat The Italians counter-attacked heavy four times in central Albania, a Greek spokesman reports, but were driven back each time. Some civilian deaths were announced following Italian air raids. French Victorious A new victory for the Free French operating against the Italians in Africa is reported in Vichy. They are said to have taken Ghadames, a strong garrison post across the border from the French Fort Saint, in Tunisia. PIA Tea Dance . . . will be held this Saturday from 8 to 5:30 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union Building. PI.^ members and dates, and all coed£| will he admitted f^ee. Other men students will be charged ten cents admission. This will be the first PIA tea dance of the second semester. The music will consist of popular recordings of rcent song hRs.
Orchids For Madame Flourish In Small Campus Greenhouse
By Mary Lou Losey Dances galore since finals are over, and “Flowers for Madam” bring Piaqy a student to |;he verge of bankruptcy. Therefore, it is perhaps n^ safe tp divulge the little Icpown fact that orchids are grown right on our very camPUS. A small huiWng, completely dwarfed by the otbers around it, houses a greenhouse containing 26 of the plaqto, a queer collection fpr a University that specialises in teaching the techniques of building bridges, coolring vegetables, and planting com. The plants are suspended from the ceiling in loosely made wopdep containers. The blooms range in color from shades of pink to lavender. It takes five, ten, or fifteen years to raise an orchid plant for blooming purposes, and when an orchid blooms, it blooms where it chooses. Sometimes a (mautiful orchir will be contrary and insist on blossoming from the roots. AH the
plants in the campus greenhouse were transplanted from South America and are accustomed to more h^at and dampness than they receive here; nevertheless, last year, they produced twenty-seven orchids. Aristacrat of the House Although the orchid is the most aristicratic plant to he found in this little greenhouse, it is also the home of more common tropical trees. There is a banana tree, whidh at present is weighted down with a huge bunch of green bananas. There is also a rubber tree, and there will soon be more if the grafting now in process is successful. It seems a very wonderful place, this tropical greenhouse, in the center of our campus. It is fascinating to see where the glamorous and treasured orchid resides until it attends its first iMt dance. For the homelife of an orchid, see the campus greenhouse.
Faculty Will Choose 2S0 Upperclassmen For Naval Reserve After interviewing many applicants yesterday, Admiral Darnell and his staff asked Dean A.^. Potter, head of the engineering school to recommend 120 seniors and 160 juniors for naval reserve commissions following their graduation. Dean Potter and Dr. Elliott appointed a committee immediately to consider applications. The committee consists of the heads of the four Engineering schools, Dr. C. F. Harding, Dr. J. L. Bray, Professor R. B. Wiley, Professor H. L. Solherg, and Professor D. L. Arm, acting personnel' director. The committee announced that they will arrange for interviews in the near future for interested students. Admiral Yamell was very pleased with the reception given him by the students and with the co-operation of the faculty. He and his staff left here for Illinois University where they will stay for several days. Following this they will go to the University of Chicago. j.f.a. Chemist To Discuss Fine Arts At AChS “Chemistry in the Fine Arts” will be the subject discussed by Dr. Martin Fischer, bio-chemist at the Cincinnati College of Medicine, at the February meeting of the University Section of the American Chemical Society iq Stanley Coulter Hall tonight at 7:30 o’clock. Dr. Fischer was a guest speaker here in 1935 when he discussed lyophilic colloids. Tonight’s talk will include a demonstration of retouching oil paintings and other chemical tricks used by _artists in their work. The lecture and demonstration are an outgrowth of Dr. Fischer’s hobby of the chemistry of paints. Preceding the talk, whjch is open to the public, a dinner will be held for Dr. Fischer in the Chestnut Room of the Union. Members of the chemistry departments of the University will be present, b.j.l. neviiKi Bill Dr. G. Graves To Talk At Retreat Exercises University Religious Council will hold its annual Winter retreat at the Dayton Methodist Church, Saturday afternoon, February 15. Dr. G. H. Graves of the Mathematic^ Department, will discuss “Deepening Personal Jleligion” in the afternoon, and in the evening there will be a group talk on “Religion op the "Uampus,” conducted by Bob Belcher and Henry Mangus. Cars will leave the west side qf the West Lafayette Methodist Church at 2:30 p. m> and the prqgram will have been completed by 8 p. m. A chicken dinner will be served by the Ladies’ Aid Society fort forty cents. Tl?ose interested may make reservations for the trip by contacting Bob Belcher, phone 4006. m.s. Students Urg^d To Apply For Part-Time Work Now Students interested in part-time employmeht during t^e repiaindey of the school year should Register their nqw schedules at the ipdipne Bi^te Employment SoTviee, 31? hf. Peujftfe street, it wqs announced yeste?4ny. Several part-time jfnh openings are now pending. Men students should report their new schedules to Mr. Little and women student^ should see Mrs. Buit qt the Service. Before going to the Employment Service, students must get Introduction cards from the Dean’s offieoi it Will Annsnnse^ I44« ^
Movies Explain Trucks, Hoists AtASMEMeet Maxwell C. Maxwell, assistant to the President of the Yale and Towne Manufacturing Co., spoke to the University branch of ASME yesterday afternoon. He showed two moving pictures illustrating Various types of movers and lifts manufactured by his company. The speaker told of the importance of trucks and hoists in industrial plants and used the movies to illustrate ways employed in moving goods, both to and from the plants and in the course of their manufac-
ture.
The first reel, titled “Hundred Horsepower Hands,” showed steps in the manufacture of some of his company’s goods, and illustrated their general usage. Special methods of welding and construction were shown which were supposed to insure safety and durability of the goods. The second reel was taken in a foundry and showed the value of Yale trucks and hoists in maintaining speed and efficiency in the movement of goods between operations and to and from the foun-
dry.
Maxwell stressed business morals and ethics as being of prime importance in the continued success of his company. He said that honesty in manufacture and representation of goods was a factor that no engineer should overlook when going into industry. The Yale and Towne Co., founded in 1876, has been a pioneer in the manufacture of block and tackle hoists, hydraulic lifts, electric trucks, and almost all kinds of material movers used in modern industry. w.g.h. 'Harem Scarem' Will Entertain Parents For 'Mid-Term Day' To provide entertainment for the mothers and dads visiting the campus together on “Mid-Term Folks Day,” March 16, Professor Robert Phillips, chairman of the committee, has asked the Student Union to give a show. The outcome of Professor Phillips’ request is “Harem Scurepi, or The Sultan Is A Lady” by coauthors Willis Wells and Bill Hayt. “Harem Scarem or The Sultan Is A Lady” is not a student organisation project but a production with work for all interested students. Monty Carpenter announced that the price of tickets is ten cents; he also said that the cast will be published a week from today. The only hint of the plot that bps been given out is that the action starts iq Doc Miller’s office and ends np somewhere jn the year 800 B. C. Egyptian dances are in the play, and plenty of laughs are promised by the authors. All students interested in working on the show are urged by the committee in charge to report to a try-out. p. sc. Union Exhibit Shows
Sfudenis Hear Talk On Nat'l Defense By Dr. W. A. Hanley Dr. W, A. Hanley^ president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers and member of the University Board of Trustees, today brought a message of warning with regard to national defense to student members of the ASME in a talk given this morning in the Electrical Engineering Building/ “America’s job in the current crisis is to arm herself to the maximum in the shortest possible time so we can speak to the dictators now running wild in Europe in the only language they can under-stand,” said Dr. Hanley. Urging that the people of the United States forget their sectional and political differences and work together, Dr. Hanley stated, “This will mean that we must take special care to be alert so that we will not lose at home that which we will be defending abroad. There must be no ‘isms’ in this country.” Dr. Hanley, in closing, pointed out that engineers will not only be responsible for the production of arms and defense materials, but also they must assist with housing, keep utilities at peak efficiency, train additional technicians, and supply leadership to the nation, r.l.h. Holt Discusses Modern Road Building Tonight “Modern Black-top Construction,” a discussion of road-building material, will be the subject of a talk by Mr, E. H. Holt of the Barber-Greene Equipment Company tonight in room 201 of the Civil Engineering Building. The subject is particularly timely ?n the light of recent Experimental Station research, an4 will be augmented by movies to illustrate the advantages and conveniences of this type of construction. The lecture will be held under the auspices of the Student Chapter of the ASCE, and announcement of the chapter’s planned inspection trip to Indianapolis will be made at the meeting. All those who are interested are invited to be present this evening at 7:30 p. m, in the Civil Engineering Building, m.s. Phelps To Show Colored Slides To Camera Ciuh C. W. Phelps of the mechanical engineering staff will show his colored slides before the regular meeting of the University Camera Club on Thursday evening, February 13, at 7:30 o’clock in room 304 qf the Union. The latest issue of Popular Photography will be available to those who wish to purchase copies. All students and faculty members, whether or not they arq members of the Camera Club, are invited to attend. r.l.h.
'Spending Is Cure For Depression' Stuart Chase Defend Theory Of 'Spending For Prosperity' In Talk “You can spend your way out of a depression ... and it makes no difference from the economic standpoint where the money comes from,” so stated StuaH; Chase, not^ eomennist, author, and lecturer night at the regularly sched> uled convocation in the of Music. Chase was introdueed Iqr “Bun” Clark, president of the Student Union, who asked him the subject question, “Where Do We Ch> From Here?” Chase anawmred that be actually didn’t know, but that this is still a free country and one eaTi guess. He then outlined and discussed his opinions on the matter. As an example of the attitude of the country now as compared to the past on the question of government spending. Chase cited President Roosevelt’s thwarted attempt to put through his “lend-spend” bill for > expenditures of 4 billion dollars, not including any for bullets, four years ago and his success in recently obtaining 17 billions for expenditures which include 10 billions for defense. National defense gives employment and creates new demand by putting all to work, he said. Some 2 million men have been employed already because of national defense. Chase spoke of the life of hjs grandfather, Acquilla Chase, in deinonstrating the difference between those times and the present. Self-sufficiency was the rule of the day and money was practically unnecessary, “Without money we could not possibly carry on today,” he said, “The figures have been deftly reversed.” In those days, people “grew and fabricated nine-tenths of what they consumed. “This change, he believes, is the “touchstone for most of our economic problems of today.” “I know we have here the major reason for the rise of Hitler,” he declared. “No single individual in this nation has the security which our grandfathers had,” he said, “but never has any community had such capacity for wealth. Abundance for all is physically possible in the United States now.” Chase listed and discussed factors preventing the realization of the promise of modeTn science and our economic system for permanent prosperity through mental barriers which are now as follows: (1) spending is somehow considered immoral; (2) hard work always brings ^uccess; (3) saving money is always virtuous; (4) to take public relief is n disgrace; (6) leas government in business is bettf^. He said that he believe4 thaf our economic sqt-up hap now come to the point that private enterprise can no longer ah^rb ^ of the nnemployment. In the pn§t feay. prejndice, ami tradition have stood in the way cf economic betterment. Chase as^rted, but now “the fear of Hitler has melted our mental {barfiers.” “Men first, monpy second, is the rule of the modem world,” he saifi. f.i.j. Newmans'To Hear
Early Art Influences Missionary Speak
“Ancestral Sources of Mpdem Painting” is the theme of the current art in the music ypom of the Union. The exhibit shows modern paintings compared with their sources in oldey cultures W means of color reproriuctions and photographs. Included in the exhibit, which will last until Februm^ are reproductions of modern paintinga whiph show the infiuence of tbe medieval and primitive arts of varions parte of the world. The paintings eomblna the influenee of earlier art with the o^ginality of the artists. r.e.h. Te The 8tnfienta Qf TMie UniTW<4ty; ]No thumbing of rides from aut^ mobiles <m 8tate street frop l^lenw street to Chaopey gveimo, West Lafayatts PsHss.
Club Meeling February 21 Mr. Harold ]R, Smalley, director of Soil improvement work of the National Fertilizer Association, will speak at an opkn meeting of Oeres, agricultural honorary, on Friday, February 21, at 8 o’clock in Fowler
Hall.
AH students, faenlty and short course men are invited to attend this lecture on “Indust?ry Cooperation in Agricultural Education,” Awards to the winners of the Ceres Essay Contest will be made at Qm meeting. a.c.
Deadline
... for all parsons who have not yet collected either their money pr their books from tho Book'Exchangf will be 5:00 p. m. Prifey, Febmary 14, The Eook Exchange If now lo). eated ip tho SMnl Union oiso.
Father Alexius Weeker uf Sk.. Boniface Parish, Lafayette, witt speak tonight qt 7:30 in room gff? at an open meeting of the Newman Club on Chinese customs mtd way conditions. For the past eight Father Weeker has been doing misr sionary work in China. He has bepi |n the war zone and knows abosA student conditions there. When he At again able to obtain a pamqgwii
China, he will return.
Anyone interested is hwited tg attend this meeting and efum ||m.
cussion wiU he held aftpr
Weeker finishes his addresm ajr^y.
Dean Stratton ., .spoke ^t nUd^kit n pEitke Northwestern
?an - UellfRie Asse^tiw^ meeting was held in mnmegttfa w|%Wednesday. February 12. 1941
(puJuiuiL £xponiint
Pardae’s % Interesting A People
Surrounded by a harem that would please any Purdue ed in this 3.93 to 1 ratio, “Wimpy” Burget daily scurries around in the Home Economics cafeteria on his way to a Bachelor of Science in Home Economics. Wilmer Edward Burget is a junior in Institutional Management. His interest in the foods line developed when he worked in restaurant and hotel kitchens. When he came to college, he was all set to sign up
NOW PLAYING—
Triple otax Laugh Triumph Is Terrific! mm
Hm'a a amoolMm!
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
Donald MEEK • Matioria MAIN • Connie GILCHMSI Bonita BRANViaE • Dan DAILEY, Jr. — LAST TIMES TODAY — FREDRIC MARCH|[? BETTY FIELD
fAcrony SHmAMDTAU
LIMA LAST DAY — 2 HITS!
Thurs. - Fri. - Sat,—2 Hits!
Rurg Me Not On The lone Prairie
ALSO
^GIRL
MAROARET LOCKWOOD
111 TUB BARRY K. IN lltt BARNES
NEWS
IMIYN WILLIAMS
for engineering but the foods course caught his fancy and his wallet. It was hard at first. To his embarrassment teachers insisted on calling him “Miss.” Now that he has become acclimated to the idea, he can take it like the best of them. However, he has found it impractical to take the clothing courses as it would be somewhat useless for him to make a dress. The Home Ec school and its occupants received a compliment from Wimpy when he said, “It’s the best school on campus and the girls are swell sports.” Although Wilmer feels that the fairer sex make better cooks he believes that there is an open field in management and wholesale buying for the male population and he hopes to make this his vocation. So here’s to those brave who dare to invade the sanctity of the kitchen. —'yours for more interest— All students interested in sound effect work are requested to apply at the WBAA office in the Hall of Music before this Friday, February 14, at 4 p. m.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith ANNOUNCE THEIR SEPARATION PARTY Saturday Night February Fifteenth It's Going to be a Panic! Be at the NEW MAIN when the Fight and Fun Starts!
ARC
-LAST TIMES TODAY—
m MAM WHO mmoMfr/uK A ROlh C«iit»ry*r*» richm
-THURS.-FRI.-SAT.-YOUNG AS YOU FEEL SON OF ROARING DAN WINNERS OF THE WEST
MaiiI
WHAT A HIT ! ! ! HURRY ! ! ! -LAST TIMES TODAYCbristopher Morie/s SwisatioiHil. Best-Sellir
^uuflo Cianuill * Ernest Cossail Gltdys Coopsr Starts THURSDAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS FRONTIER LOVE IN A BOLDER WORLD!
WAGONS WESTWARD
WITH Chester Morris I Anita Louise — PLUS — FRANKIE DARRO IN ON THE SPOT
■The Ratio— 3.93 ...to 1
Well, here it is almost Valentine’s Day again when all the girls who have been good little girls receive the customary box of candy, flowers, rings, or just a card according to the little man’s palpitation rate at the moment. Jim Murphy combined anniversary and Valentine’s Day by giving Elaine Carson a ring. He promised to whip her up a batch of fudge for Valentine’s Day, though. Pledges vs Actives We dug up another “Courtesy Week” story. It seems that “Snorksie” Collins and Jean Wood decided to outwit the Phi Mu actives the other night by meeting Jake Weber and Bob Igney instead of going to the required meeting. The catch came when they had to let the boys know they got out all right. One of the actives noticed the basement door open and discovered them missing. With a pledge on the Phi Sig line two more actives caught the unfortunates in the phone booth at the Union. About Pins We heard a funny thing yesterday. Bill Carson, Sigma Chi, has had his pin out on Marge Brown, Pi Phi, since the beginning of Christmas Vacation but there has been no serenade. Finally they decided to sing last night. Some of the brothers were worried and asked Bill if he still had his pin out on Marge. Funny how slow these Sigma Chis are ... or are they? Now take the Phi Sigs, for instance, they are definitely on the ball. “Wits” Witsman put his pin out on Phi Mu, Maribeth Sharp,
PRIVATE KELLY’S PIPE WAS SMELLYbut he’s out of the dog house now!
“NO BLANKETY-BLANK rookie who smokes such blankety-blank tobacco can evei mairy my daughter! Phew! Either stay away or switch to the^my’ifavorite!”
KELLY GOT DECORATED for fragrance under fire! You can, too! You puff Sir Walter in your pipe and dvery nose agrees it’s the mild hurley blend of grand aroma!”
Cellophane tape around- lid seals flavor in, brings you tobacco 100^4 faefory-fresh!
Tune fn UNCLE WALTER’S DOGHOUSE Every Tuesday night—NBC Red network PrisesJoryout "Dog House" experience
The ^th Colmnn
General Krivitsky was found yesterday in a pool of blood. And a litter of suicide notes that nobody believed. Interesting fact in the case was that “Hans,” OGPU torpedo, had recently entered the country. Quick, Watson, the needle. And Adolph is tired of the map on his wall again. Sixty transports flew over Budapest yesterday headed for Bulgaria. Full of sightseers in uniform. To spread good will. Reports also^have it that a few million Nazi troops are massed at the border. All the boys have grandstand seats. To watch the map change. But the British have not been idle. Night before last, several battleships sneaked up on Ostend, famous Belgian submarine base of World War I, under cover of darkness. Then, while the citizens were sleeping. They quietly bombarded it. Franco just passed through France, French Prance, enroute to a consultation with Brother Benito. Rumors and reliable sources have it that this will be a supreme effort to draw Spain into the fracas. Maybe Mussolini wants his tanks back. Today is the great rail-splitter’s birthday. Perhaps in another eighty years people will look back at the men fighting over the lend-lease bill today and call them.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Conspreos of March 8, 1879, ana nt the special rata of postage provided for in section 1108, net of October 8,1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday daring the regular academic year and weekly during the Snasmer Session. Delivered locally carrier for |8.00 per year, mail subscription I8.S0 Bditor-in-Chief ...R, W. Donahne Business Manager., Meila Hogemeyer Publication Staff News Editor.... — — J. M. McKee Managing Editor ..D. It, Heiple Assoclato Editon: N. A. Ochittieo, 3. A. Paresll, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallemp, J. L. Trangott. Sutineu Staff LociS^ Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. 0. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajep; Acoonnts Manager, R. J.- Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. RecktenWald. Co-eii Staff
Editor. Associate Editors; Siess.
Editor. Associate Editors: Swaim.
Beth Simpson Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Sports Staff . J. P. Dolan J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports Z792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For lliis Issue Night Editor: Siess Issne Editor: Amos Night Sports Editor: Adamson Workers: J. F. Amos, R. Humrickhouae, W. Hoskins, F. I. Jones, R. T. Eberts, I. M. Stettenbenz, R. L. Hadley, B. Lahr, M. L. Losey, M. L. Hyde, JAKernsdale, M. K. Boynton, S. C. Craigmile, W. M. ClS^
The great hair-splitters. Johnson, Lincoln’s vice-president, once said that all we needed was a good five cent cigar. Times have changed. What we need now is. A good two-bit battleship.—r.m.s.
just the other week. The brothers have already serenaded, and the house has even received candy from “Wits.” Did you hear about Do Muth getting her rings switched, this about breaking several of the boy’s hearts. It caused quite an uproar for awhile until little Do straightened things out. Sweet romance seems to have broken up for Lee Clifford, Delta Chi man of many pins (several out at the same time). After a long write-up in the lU scandal sheet about the one he had chained to Peggie Myers’ Alpha Chi pin there, they broke up over a small quarrel. We wonder who’ll get that pin now. Before we sign off, we want to remind you of that little box at the West desk of the Union. It’s pining away for contribs—^won’t you help ?
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS TO-NIGHT 7:00 P. M. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN BOTH ENROLLED PHONE 2150 ALLEN’SfiTH & FERRY
Jjumli^ JalL The Birthday Of A Great President .. . brings to mind the struggle that this country was going through 80 years ago. The question before that generation finklly divided the nation into two hostile camps and ended in a bitter war. Abraham Lincoln, a strong willed man who believed in his ideals and followed the star of his destiny, pushed his country into war that the union of the states might be preserved. On Lincoln and the Civil War we are able to look in retrospect and grasp t];ie significance of the problem as a whole. We are able to see the picture of their struggle in the strong sunlight of time and thus make our judgment. A situation similar to that of the period preceding the Civil War exists today. Our problem is not as violent and deep seated as theirs, but one as far reaching. The United States is again at a crossroads, a crossroads beyond which lies a very uncertain future. And over the choice of our future pqth the nation has taken a divided stand. The poll of student opinion which was published in yesterday’s Exponent bears out the fact of this division of opinion. True, there has always been a difference of opinion on important questions but never one so inconsistent as this one. On the question of all aid to Britain, 64% agreed but on the question of the lend-lease bill, only 45% were in favor of it. Again 82.5% were of the opinion that the United States could not completely isolate herself in a hostile world yet only 41.3% would fight to prevent an Axis victory. Perhaps this is not indicative of a division of opinipn so much as it is an indication of the bewilderment with which the people of this country are faced today, bewildered not over what they want for America, for 97% would bear arms in defense of the United States, but bewildered over how best to defend this country. At the head of the government today is another strong man who believes in his ideals and fights to preserve them.' Not another Lincoln, to be sure, but the man of the hour, nevertheless. We pray that in another eighty years we may look back on this period and say of Roosevelt, as we say of Lincoln, “He was a great man who had the vision and the courage that his country required in her hour of need.”
Her heart will flutter with Joy when she receives your Valentine Package of ScHrafft’s CHOCOLATES We have SchraflPs delightful capdies for your selection in heart-shaped and other beautiful Valentine boxes, 60i to $1.50 a pound.
iTOEBCCKMIffRYflPliE
»u.ia tiAii inn WEIT lAFAVSTTI “
‘.3
Ether Edits By Gordon Griffin
Just a word to the WBAA staff ... we listeners are just as tickled as you are about the recent “moving day” of the station—only for a different reason. You were anxious to get into the new studios where you could move around freely, where auditions and rehearsals could be held “during working hours” and where you could seat an audience for your popular Saturday afternoon shows . . . but, we (who have suffered when you suffered) are particularly pleased not to hear class bells or voices from the “outer office” seeping through the cracks under the door being transmitted to us by our trusty radios. So we say: Congratulations to WBAA! More room for you; better productions for us.
Nearly every American knows that 132 years ago today, A. Lincoln, the 16th President of the United States, was born on free soil. Tonight at 6:30 over NBC-Red the Robert E. Sherwood play “Lincoln: The War Years,” which is based on Carl Sandberg’s intensive study of the Great Emancipator and of this nation during the Civil War, will be repeated again with Raymond Massey in the title role which he created last year. —e-e— Franchot Tone will be Arch Oboler’s guest star in his original drama, “The Imfhortal Gentleman,” to be heard over NBC-Red Friday at 8:30 p. m. •—^“0:—’ Kay Kyser and his itinerant Kollege are bqck in Hollywood again after hedge-hopping across the country. Kyser’s band is playing a return at Catalina Island and the maestro is dickering with RKO about a third picture.i 1
PiVuluiL SxponanL
Wednesday, February 12, 1941
Hardwooders Hold Long Workout; Blanken Better In an effort to bolster his injury-riddled squad, Piggy Lambert is giving special attention to four men, Neutzel, Swarts, Kieffer and Korshot with the hope that they may replace the injured Blanken and Igney. These lads, together with the remainder of the Riveter hardwooders, raced through a gruelling practice yesterday afternoon.
Blanken Works Out Lon Mann, Boilermaker trainer, announced that Don Blanken, who is favoring the bad ankle he received in the Maroon game, will probably be in shape to start the Ohio State fray. Don limbered up for a short while yesterday by shooting fouls. The case of Captain Bob Igney does not look so hopeful, however, for nothing will be known about the condition of the sprained
^oadt . to cjCoueiim66 ADD TO HER GLAMOUR AT The
by sending your date a beautifully styled corsage, one that she will be proud to wear, made from fresh, exquisite flowers ordered at the . . . Dorner’s Flower Shop
7th and Main Streets
Phone 6050
the reti®sh'*'£ ju reaWv S® IS doublemwi step with ’'’n^TsweUtuiitochew '3 ft's nfle.too- plemINT GXSU. an enjoy j.ages todayseveral pa^ v-sr
Wrestlers Encounter Cornell Today
Boilermaker Gruntmen Meet
^ i
Iowa In Fieldhouse At 4? M
tendon in his knee until the cast is removed today or Thursday. Seeking to discover some hidden talent among his netters, Ward had a White team composed of Sprowl, Riley, Swarts, Caress and Blemker opposing a Red contingent of Galvin, Sumner, Krampe, Pauline, and Polk, in the workout of last evening. Guard Conrad has rejoined the
squad after a case of the ilu. Adhms and Fields, who saw some action in the Chicago fracas, also came in for some consideration. The latter scored two baskets late in that game and may see considerable action Saturday at Columbus.
Riley May Start
“Horsie” Riley, foiWer West Side luminary, is the logical contender for Blankcn’s starting assignment, should the shelved flash be unable to render much service on his disabled ankle. The Irishman performs equally well at forward or guard and has improved considerably in
his shooting.
Iowa’s Hawkeyes were victims of a 60 to 40 conquest at Bloomington Monday evening and hurtled from a third place tie to the seventh slot in the conference standings. The loss to Branch McCracken’s Hoosiers virtually removes the Hawks from any opportunity of Big Ten honors. Chicago was dealt merely another defeat the same evening, when Illinois set them down, 65 to 29. The thriller of the Monday card was the overtime battle between Northwestern and Wisconsin, which saw Johnnie Kotz and Gene Eng-
I M Schedules
BASKETBALL Wednesday, February 12 Court 1: W. B. McAdams 7:00 Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 14 7 :1b Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 8 8:00 Kappa Sigma vfi Kappa Delta Rho 8:15 Lambda Chi Alpha vs Phi Delta Theta. Court 2: Jim Mann 7:00 Cary Hail 4 vs Cary Hall 5 7:15 Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 6 8:00 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Phi Kappa
Psi
8:16 Alpha Tau Omega vs Phi Sigma Kappa Court 3: John Papurca 7:00 Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 9 7:15 Cary Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 11 8:00 Sigma Nu vs Theta Xi 8:15 Theta Chi vs Phi Kappa Sigma Court 4: N. R Swarts 7:00 Cary Hall 12 vs Cary Hall 13 7:15 Sigma Alpha Mu vs Phi Gamma Delta 8:00 Triangle vs Beta Sigma Psi 8:1B Delta Upsilon vs Phi Kappa lund score 31 points to lead their team to a 48 to 46 win. o.t.c. Big Ten Standings
Wisconsin . Indiana Purdue Minnesota Ohio State Illinois . Iowa Northwestern Michigan Chicago
W 6 5 4 4 4 4 3 1 1 0
Deluxe Shampoo and Finger Wave..50c Permanent Waves $2.50 to $7.50 CO-ED BEAUTY SAEOI 210 N. 6th St.
the Purdue Exponent t Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A RISK pn. HAROLD J. RISK -fth & Main Sts. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Dairy Products
Complete Line of • Greeting Cards University Book Store M. C "Red"' Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Eppla '40
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY , QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Locksmith
Keys and Locks Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th $t. Phone 2828
PCT .867 .835 .667 .667 .671 .571 .500 .167 .147 .000
Boilermaker wrestlers seek their third straight dual meet victory this afternoon, as they tangle with Cornell College of Iowa. The meet will be held on the gjrm floor of the Riveter Fieldhouse at 4 o’clock.
lowans Touring
The Iowan matmen, on an eastern invasion tour, are coached by Dick Barker, undergraduate mentor for Boilermaker Coach Claude Reeck, who was an outstanding member of the Cornell squad from 1922 to
1926.
Changes in weight assignments are in prospect for the Riveters as Fredericks takes over the 128 pound class and Montgomery is expected to replace Eviston, who received an ankle injury this week. Feature clashes are anticipated in the 136 pound division, where Cornell’s Bishop tangles with Foster, of Purdue, in the 165 pound class, in which Riveter Hlinka will face Joy; and in the heav3?weight match, when Ruggieri, of the Boilermakers, will take to the mat with Hoare. In the 176 pound class, the Gold and Black will find a worthy opponent in Lsnman, who, as a high school athlete, was coached by Riveter mentor Reeck. Purdue’s problable entries by events follow; 121 pound class—Boyd 128 pound class—^Fredericks 136 pound class—Foster 146 pound class—^Papurca 155 pound class—Britt 165 pound class—Hlinka 175 pound class—Montgomery Heavyweight class—Ruggieri
r.l.m.
Chicago's Tank Stars Oppose Riveters Here This Coming Saturday After splashing their way to victory over the Illinois University mermen and the Fort Wayne Y M C A aquatics. Coach Dick Papenguth’s swimmers will attempt to remain in the win column when they meet the Chicago tank team in the Boilermaker Fieldhouse this Satur-
day at 3 p. m.
Although Coach Papenguth made no bold statements as to the present ability of his stars, he stated that they should show some improvement over their last meet which was a walkaway over the Port Wayne squad, 66-18. This week the pool has been the scene of intensive distance swimming and wind sprints by Siler, Carney, Kratzer, and the rest of the boys.
Maroons Tough
The Maroon squad, although beaten by two of the Conference’s toughest, Iowa and Minnesota, has a combination strong enough to give any team plenty of trouble. Chuck Brown, veteran diver, A. Bethke, one of the best Big Ten breaststrokers last year, and Bill Baugher, accomplished sprint-man, as
well as the Fein-Smith back stroke combination, will be no push-overs.
for
AV '■j
your
HEART’S NEEDS See Us MARTHA WASHINGTON i SCHRAFFT’S ■ IV yi BUNTE Candies
UNIVERSiTY DRUi; CO.
—giving scents to sentiment A lovely and appropriate itift. Two laoe-oovered hearlib pink, joined ky a Cupid’e dart. Imparting Mary Do^dnll’a new, exolasive fragrance—tke capti- A..* vatind''White Hyaomtk”. Riohly Ipaehatfcd.
wm BD«»«wrecgWednesday, February 12, 1941
fijuAdusL SxpoiwdL
WBAA
Wednesday 11:00—“Far Eastern Problems” — Mr. Gordon Enders 11:60—^Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Farm Facts For Farm Polks 12:16—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Monitor Views the News 1:00—^“Principles of Sociology” — Prof. T. K. Noss 1:46—Market Reports 2:00—Elizabeth Crump Enders 2:16—June Eller 2:30—^The Bookman 2:46—^Hymn Echoes 3:00—Science Review 3:15—Foods-Facts-Fancies 3:30—Souvenirs 4:00—I’m An American 4:15—News of the Week 4:30—Melody Maids 4:45—Story Book Hour
Nine Military Men Take Commission Examinations Nine advanced military training honor graduates were es^umined for the commission of second lieutenant in the army by army officials Monday. The candidates were given physical examinations as well as interviews. Col. Frederick M. Armstrong, Lt. Colonel Francis H. Boucher, Lt. Colonel Richard L. Smith, and Captain Robert P. Hugl^es were here to examine the applicants. Woodbury, Davis To Lead Discussion On Entomology The latest developments as discussed at the annual meetings of the National Economic Entomology organizations will be explained to the students at the Thomas Say Entomology Society meeting tomorrow night at 7:30 in room 103 of Agriculture Hall.
THKME & WANCERIN CO. 622-626 Main Sfreef Shop Here for Spring Fabrics Sew your way to chic this spring . . . have an individual wardrobe, have fun, save! Buy the “makings” here. Choose from bolt after bolt of truly stunning fabrics, all new, colorful, easy to sew. Have clothes that will be the wonder of your family and friends.
PASTEL WOOLS. 54 in. width. Colors of green, blue, rose, grey and beige. Lovely for new spring suits and dresses. Per yard ^l.S9 tO ^1.98 RAYON CREPES. 39 in. width. In plain and floral patterns. This material makes gorgeous spring dresses. t Yard S9c to 69c
CHIFFONS. 39 in. width. The right material for formal dresses and blouses. A good showing of light and dark colors. Per yard 69c CELANESE TAFFETAS. 39 in. width. Exquisite formal shades —some are pastels. A good assortment of colors that are washable. Per Yard S9c
THE SWEETEST GHT YOU GAN GIVE Send a Box of Delicious SCHRAFFTS or BUNTE Valentine Candy to Sweetheart, Mother, Sister FREE—Your Valentine Candy wrapped and mailed up to 150 miles. Choose a Valentine Card from Our Carge Seleetiou Valentines Day Is February 14th University Book Store Aerow from lbs ll.C‘‘IUi4"Sminoii>,’29 R. W.‘‘l0iM!”Kpp]|ih'4O
SjWifA. by Clarence
hey there, clarence mudball my cousin couldn’t give me much help but it seems fairly obvious that the sorority pledge who collected fifteen frat pins during courtesy ( ?) week has been reading about international re-armament. —snowball the white mouse E. R. Series Will Address Pharmacy Men Thursday “Training^ the Pharmacy Student” will be the subject of an address to be given by Dr. E. R. Series, Thursday at 4 p. m., in room 311 of the Pharmacy Building, to the University Branch of the American Pharmaceutical Association. Dr. Series, now Dean of the College of Pharmacy at the University of Illinois, formerly served in that capacity at the University of South Dakota. He is president of the American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy and is very prominent in the national pharmaceutical activities. j.r.
Squash Squad Battles Two Foes This Week Resuming their schecTuTe after a week’s layoff, the Riveter squash team will journey to Chicago for two matches this week-end. The racketmen will take, on the Squash Club from Northwestern University at 2:30 on Saturday afternodn. That night they will tangle with a similar club from the University of Chicago. Coach Clevett announced last night that Mann, Adams, and Kalbflash were sure of going Saturday; while the other two men to make the trip will be chosen from Goldstein, McMillen, Fant, and Smith, j.s.d. Religious Council To Hear 'Y' Conference Discussion Clarence Elliott of Indianapolis, executive secretary of the Butler YMCA and the Indiana Central College YMCA, will speak to the Religious Council tonight. The meeting will start at 7:30 o’clock in room 68 of the Union. Combined conferences of the YMCA and the YWCA to be held next June at Lake Geneva, Wise, will be discribed. The talk will enable interested students to hear more about Lake Geneva and the program to be offered, r.t.e.
ipperd
m
^Lt)ance ^(a
vine
For that Valentine Dance and all through February, you will have occasions galore to wear these lovely evening slippers.
Q/imi/i/
. . . Silver . . . . . Gold . . . . White Satin . . Black Satin . . Multi-Colors $2.98 to $6.<
UalenRne Dime !
Ong of the nicest customs is that of sending Valentines to those you love. We have a complete display of HALLMARK Valentines with appropriate sentiments for almost any friend or member of the family. Now is the time to make your selection.
4^ rant HXK&flfrarnai
Theta Chh Win IM Ping Pong Laurels Thq Theta Ohi doqbles te^m qf Warren Seaborg and pph Weaver defeated the Phi Kappa pair yesterday afternoon to gamer the jn-ter-fratemity ping pong doubles crown. Johnny Parsohs and Joe Nemeth, playing for the losers, took the first game, 21-17, and then droppe<l the next three 21-14, 21’-18, and 21-18.
Newman Club: DlBcuaaion Qronp wQl meet in room 802 of the Union at 7»80 p. m., Wednesday, Februarir 12. Reverend Alexis will speak on Ohineae enstoUB. —-IBUFXIOLFR.
All Freshmen: Se sure to attend mass meeting Thursday, February 18. Far details sea Thursday's AIBE Qflicera: Meeting at 4 p. m. Friday, February 14, in the reading room of the Electrical Engineering Building. -^WISE.
Notices
Pe|ta Kappa: Meet at the Big Fopr station at 7 p. m. Friday, February 14. Please be there. A party is planned. —BUBR. Make-up ExaBsinatlena in MK Conraes: Make-up exapiinationa to remove 1 apd C grades win be given in MB 11, 62 and 68 on Saturday, February 22, at 1 p. m. in rapm 891 el MB Building. Those intending to take exama notify me before February 18. —AULT.
Exponent Co-eds: Co-ed edition Thursday night/ February 18. AH freshtnan and sophomore co-eds report for woyk at 4 p_^ m.
-—^BC
loss.
Reamer Chib: All members desiring basketball tickeip Ipr Nurthw^terp gams should leave only coupons with jne or in the PIA box at the east desk of the Union by 11 a. m.. Monday, February 17» —ORIPFIN,
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, February IS, in 3Eloom 803 of the Union at 7:16 p. m.
All members please b® present.
present.
—WTSOmER.
ASCB: Meeting Wednwday, February 12, at 7:80 p. m. in room 201 of the Civil Engineering Building. —McCAMMON.
Co-ed Biflery: Class practice Feb.'6, 6, 10, 12, 18. Three practices are required. Olaaa matohea Feb. 18 and 80. —BI/AGRA VE.
Freshman Football: Numeral sweaters may be called for in the Fieldhouse equipment room. —pipuaps. All Students; Motion pictures and brief talk on Coast Guard and Coast Guard Academy with information regarding appointments to Coast Guard Academy by Lieut. O. C. Wev of the U. S. Coast Gua:^ in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building 'at 4 p. m. Thursday, February 13. —WORKMAN.
Thomas Say Entomological Society: Dr. E. N. Woodbury exp. staff and Prof. Dayis will report on Christmas meeting of two leading National Econ. Ent. Org. Phil. —RICKMAN.
Metallurgy 110 Students: Page proofs have arrived. Classes resumed Wednesday, February 12. —BRAY.
Catalyst Club: There wi{l be a very important meeting on Wednesday immediately following the senior meeting. Room 802 of the Ghem and Met. Building. —BERGSTEDT.
Classified Ads
FOR BAUI 1941 RADIOS, REFRIGERATORS—New 11 tube model Crosley, 869.96. New combination, plays and changes automatically 14 records, line radio and cabinet, 879.95. New combination, radio photograph, record maker or cutter and public address system in beautiful low cabinet $119.96. Refrigerators. 1941 Models are here—KBLVINATOR, CROSLEY, ELECTROLUX. C. B. Klinker Sales Co. 827 Main. Phone 7960,
Exponent Freshmen Co-e^s: Work schedule is posted in office. Please report on nights assigned. —SIMPSON.
Gimlet Club: Dinner meeting, Wednesday, February 12, at 6 p. m. at the Kappa Sigma house. All who want to go to Indiana should attend. —TAYLOR. All Sophomore and Freshman Ags: Are invited to attend the first meeting of Chick and Egg show committee Thursday, February 13, at 7:30 p. m. in the Poultry building or call 35982. —RAMP.
AWS Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, February 12, at 7:30 p. m. in AWS office. —ZWIEBLEIN.
CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. 3rd. Street
Phone 5372
It's part of the game ...to pause and
Here's a drink that uniqiff. It never loses the freshness pf appeal that first chprnipd you. You drink it and en|9y an afteiw sense of complete refreshment. So whon you pause throughout the doyi make It ifte poufo that
relireiherwIthicevcoldCe^ovCola. YOU TA8TI ITS QUALITY
Bottled under mithorlty of The Coce.Cola ComiHuiy by
s*
Purdue Outing Club: eenvenger Hunt and supper Saturday afternoon February 16. Meet in front or armory at 4 p. m. sharp. For supper reservations, phope Marjorie Ward 4ipi, or Gail Hennis 2907, by Friday evening. All welcfliue, ' —PARKER. Cosmopolitan Club: Next meeting will he held in lecture ropm pf the Biology Building Friday, Februaiy 14, at 4:89 p. m. Nonmembers are Invited to attend. * —comssoz.
.—Bum Room Committee: Meeting Wednesday, February 12, in the Student Union Office. Crown, Deuster, Gerke, Murrill, Seib, Silva, Steck, Hague, Gillespie, please be present. —WOLFF,
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph woidc. C. F. Ebersbofl!, 606 Main St. Phone, 2779. FOR RBNT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars lor all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
For Rent: Single room adjoining bath, automatic hot water. $10 a month. Phone 41782. Lost: A man’s Longine wrist watch between Fieldhouse and Union. Finder please call Alvey at 4031. Reward. Lost: Ring ip Woodshop locker room. Reward. Phone 78061.