the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME forty-nine
Lafayette, Indiana, Wednesday, September 29, 1937
NUMBER 14
Union Adopts Definite Eligibility Requirements Sophomores Must Have 3.5 Average Or Better For 3 Semesters' Work, No Semester Index Below 3.00 Troubled perennnially by scholastically delinquent sophomore workers seeking vice-presidential nomination, the Student Union finally adopted last night definite and rigid re-
quirements for election eligibility.
Voting unanimous approval at a meeting in the Student Un-
nion office last riight, the 17
Roche Stages First Of Auditions To Choose Cast For Varsity Show Spending the day and a good portion of the night in critical attention to auditions of over 50 persons and many groups of entertainers, Jack Roche, Pontiac Varsity Show director, began yesterday the tedious job of casting the Purdue program slated for broadcast Octo-
ber 8.
Among organizations auditioned yesterday were the University choir, the concert choir, military band, two campus orchestras, and the Union Variety Hour cast. The WBAA student announcers and performers, and various other aspiring dramatists were auditioned at the WBAA studios last night. Today Roche will hear tryouts of soloists, instrumentalists, trios, specialty artists, announcers, and any dramatic performers that were omitted yesterday. A change in the broadcasting time of the half-hour program has been made. Instead of preesnting two programs, one for east and one for the west, only one broadcast will be made. The time for this presehtation will be 8 p. m. (CSP). Roche said last night that about five of the persons auditioned already showed definite talent and were pretty apt to be cast in the show. Roche will write all of the script himself, and will write it around the available talent. Highlights of Purdue tradition, history, life, and customs, will be featured. Student talent will put on the entire show. Only a professional m. c. will be used; all the rest of the actors, singers, will be University eds and co-eds. Dr. Hall Urges Reforms At Pastbrs' Convention Urging fewer and better churches, more inclusive leadership, and less emphasis on denominationalism, ritual and ceremonies. Dr. O. F. Hall, professor of sociology at the University, appeared before the Indiana state pastors’ convention yesterday in Indianapolis. He said further that “the church must be prepared to meet the new needs growing out of new environment.” Dr, E. R. Bartlett, president of the Indiana Council of Christian Education, another speaker, suggested the development of a church program as a nxeans of integrating personalities and groups within the
church.
Cocky Robbin Will Play For PIA Fesl Initiating fhe Social season of their program, the Purdue Independent Association has engaged Cocky Robbin and his. Dixie Land Dance Band to play at the fall dance this Friday. The swingfest is to be held in the Memorial Union ballroom, from nine until midnight. Bobbin’s thirteen musicians number importations from Indiana University, with former members of Herbie Kay’s and Red Nichol’s orchestras among them. Assis^ting the player^ will be Arlene Owens, domr edy soloist, and a boy’s trio. t
members of the Union board made legal and binding the following resolution: “Moved, that any sophomore, to be eligible for nomination for the office of vice-president of the Purdue Student Union, must have a gradp average of 3,50 for his or her three semesters in college, with no semester’s average falling below 3.00.” Union executive, L. E. Putze, announced last night that October 15 has been set as the final date for sophomores to register as Union workers. This registration is accomplished any afternoon in the Student Union office by filling out a special questionnaire. Initial plans for production of a Thanksgiving show were discussed at the board meeting last night. This show will be student writtep, student produced, and student directed. The new scholastic requirements adopted last night have no bearing on elections for senior positions, and will not apply to this year’s vice-presidents. Local Stamp Club Sponsors Exhibit Sponsored by the Lafayette Philatelic Society, an exhibition of rare stamps, ranging in value from 10 cents to $700 apiece, will lie shown to the public today in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. Totaling several thousand dollars in value, these stamps have been arranged in glass frames, and will be on display from 11:30 this morning to 10:30 this evening. Among the items of intefest will be a complete set of the Graf Zeppelin issue, both mint, and on firstday covers. This set is especially valuable because the issue has been exhausted. An early American stamp takes all honors for value, appraised at $700. It is an imperforate, and is stamp No. 314-A in the exhibit. Look Over Stamps The evening program as planne^d for 8 o’clock, is to consist of two short speeches by noted stamp collectors. During the rest of the time, the public will be permitted to look over the sifamps at their leisure. Thfe meeting will be the first of the season for the society, which originated last April. The club is composed of from 60 to 75 members, mostly townspeople. Camer^lub Will Discuss Plans For Year Tonight Camera fans will have an opportunity to discuss their hobby at the meeting of the Camera Club which will be held in the Tower Room of the Memorial Union Building tonight at 7 p. m. Present members and those who desire membership m the club may attend this meeting during which the policies of the club and plans for the coming year will be discussed. The clhb is planning to bring out-of-town displays here for exhibit this year. There is a membership fee of $1 per year, entitling the members to the club’s facilities. There is a special charge of five cents per hour for the use of the dark robm.
Obey Hitch-Hiking Ordinance-Elliott A letter from Superintendent E. J. O’Connor, of the Lafayette department of metropolitan police calls especial attention to the city ordinance governing hitch-hiking within the limits of the city of Lafayette. This ordinance became necessary because of the danger involved and because of the complaints of motorists. With the return of the students and the consequent increase in the numbers waiting at street intersections and filling stations for possible rides, it is necessary for the department to make an added effort to enforce this ruling and thus to guard the convenience and safety of the traveling public. All Purdue students are urged to cooperate with the police department by obeying the ordinance relative to hitch-hiking within the city limits of Lafayette. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
Students Will Vote Today To Break Ties In Senate Elections In order to break two existing ties in the fall senate elections, a follow-up election will be held today for all senior home economics and sophomore civil engineering students. The balloting place is the old Engineering Administration Building; the time is today from 8 a. m. until 4.‘30 p, m.; the candidates are Pay Pendergrass and Lorene Ristow, seniors in the home economic school, and R. L. Lippman and R. L. Reiley, sophomore civil engineering students. All students in the two schools concerned are eligible to vote, but they must bring their passports. J. H. Jacobi and R. Schumacher are co-chairmen of the election. Agriculture Freshmen To Attend Livestock Round-Up; Barbecue Dinner Tonight An old fashioned round-up barbecue and camp fire program will enliven the annual freshman livestock tour, conducted by the members of the faculty and animal husbandry club at the farm this evening. The tour of the livestock barns under the direction of Prof. P. G. King, head of the animal husbandry department, will start off at the pavilion at 4:15. This tour is held annually to acquaint freshmen with the animal husbandry facilities, and give them an opportunity to see the livestock which is now being groomed for the International Livestock Exposition. The tour will end at the Dean’s pasture qbout 5:16, where the barbecue and campfire program will be held. Pence Addresses Staff M. O. Pence, state agronomist, addressed a meeting of members of the agricultural staff at the luncheon in the Memorial Union Building Monday noon. He spoke on the international agronomists’ convention which he attended in Europe last summer.
300 Expected To Attend Commerce Smoker Tonight Hoping to promote closer relations between educators, local business, and professional men, the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce is sponsoring a get-to-gether smoker for University faculty and staff members tonight in the ballroom of the Fowler Hotel. The Chamber of Commerce expects approximately 300 persons to attend. Principal speaker of the evening will be Commerce College Dean C. M. Thompson, of the University of Illinois, and the toastmaster will be Harry P. Schultz, local attorney. The Purdue relations committee of the Chamber of Commerce will be m charge of arrangements for the smoker, and they will be assisted by the University cooperating committee: Prof. F. C. Hockema, Dean V. C. Freeman, and Prof. Robert Phillips. Forensic Honorary Society I Holds its Annual Steak Fry Tau Kappa Alpha, forensic honorary, held its annual steak fry last night on the isolated banks of Wea creek about four miles south of Lafayette. The 30 or so attending composed the varsity debate squad, the varsity co-ed debate squad, the forensic managerial staff, and the debate staff and thoir wives. Dinner consisted of steak, potato chips, coffee, etc. The entire group then retired to the home of Mr. Winch to enjoy games and more refreshments. Faculty Attends Smoker Approximately 150 engineering staff members attended the smoker, given in honor of the new staff members, in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building last night. New staff members were introduced to the present faculty by Dean Potter. Following these introductions. President Elliott addressed the en-‘ tire group.
Monster Silk Worm Heads Class Room Display Of Various Man Made Insects
By Dorothea Justin Three and a half feet long, four inches in diameter, a cream colored silk worm, looking extremely caterpillarish reposes in security in Prof. H. O. Deay’s glass-doored cabinet. His class room in Agricultural Hall is a showplace of the first order; some sights seeming almost as grotesque as waxworks. Professor Deay has a great time with that silk worm. He brags on the monster. Eighteen/years old, an4 still in the pink (or cream) of condition. The catch is that the creature is a pseudo and magnified model of a modern silk worm—^with breathing tubes and juice glands in manner categorical. Gives Graphic Idea Made in France, handmade, intricate, a replica inside and out of the
real worm, plaster of pans outside enclosing detachable innards, the model gives students a graphic idea of the insect. A grasshopper, American made, though not so delicately, is also used to demonstrate insect anatomy. “The grasshopper isn’t so popular as the worm,” Dr. Deay says. “It lacks gadgets.” Green-Eyed Model Mosquito needles, and the saw mechanism for cutting into skin, are magnificently shown by the green eyed model in the case. “Most people go on a mosquito extermination campaign after seeing this masterpiece,” Dr. Deay remarked. Large, brown, with veined, transparent wings, the honeybee is a recent addition to the collection.-
Cheer Session Precedes Squad's Trip Tomorrow Gimlet', Reamer, Skull And Crescent Sponsoring Yellfest Before Ohio Tilt Saturday Afternoon Second chance for loyal Boilermaker rooters to demonstrate their support of the varsity squad in a pre-game pep-session will come tomorrow night when the student body gives the team a send-off for the trip to Ohio State University. Gimlet, Reamer, and Skull and Crescent societies are spon-
soring the yellfest, but defi-
nite plans have not yet been made. The program will include a grand parade across the levee to the Big Four railroad station, followed by an impromptu pep meeting on the station platform at 9:30. Cheerleaders and speakers will incite the yells, but the band will probably be occupied on the west side planning formations for the homecoming game. About 36 varsity football players will make the trip to Ohio State, Columbus, O., leaving on a special Big Four train about 9:30 tomorrow night. Poultrymen To Open Nineteenth Assembly Tomorrow is the date for the opening session of the nineteenth annual meeting of the Indiana State Poultry Association which will continue through Friday. Opening day will be devoted to hatcherymen and their problems; however, all branches of the industry will receive equal attention at the remainder of the conference. General poultry problems will be the topic of discussion for Thursday’s program, while Friday will be devoted to a discussion of turkeys. Dean Skinner To Speak Dean J, H. Skinner of the University will be the opening speaker at the Wednesday morning session. Besides Dean Skinner, the program of speakers includes such authorities on poultry as Dr. L. P. Doyle of the University and Dr, D. C. Warren of Kansas State College, Thursday’s program will include John Sheay, marketing specialist of the University, Walter Johnson, Swift & Co., Logansport, and P;rof. G. R. Sipe of Mississippi State College. Turkey Brooding Problems “Discussion of Turkey Brooding Problems” by J. B. Davis, Fairway Farms, Huntington, will open the turkey program Friday morning. Other speeches to be heard Friday include “My experience in testing turkeys for Pullorum disease.” “Nutritional troubles—how to avoid them,” “What kind of turkeys do consumers want,” and “The national turkey improvement plan.” PIA's Tryout For Skit Shop Tomorrow In Tower Room To enlist talent, and to classify actor and actress types, the Purdue Independent Association will conduct general tryouts at 4 o’clock in the tower room of the Union Building for their dramatic activity—Skit Shop. In addition to general ti'youts the cast for the first skit, a melodrama, will be selected at this time. Conductor of tryouts and director of plays for the Skit-Shop this season will be J. E. Dietrich, new instructor in the University speech department. Dietrich came to the University from National Broadcasting Company, in Chicago, l^U., where he has been announcing and producing plays.
The name of Isabelle Young, Lake Forest, 111., was inadvertently omitted from the list published yesterday of initiates to Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority.
WBAA Will Figure In Nation's First Radio Educational Alliance
Uniting to form the first educational, radio alliance to exist in the United States the University’s radio voice, WBAA, and Illinois University’? WILL plan to inaugurate a system of re-broadcasting. WILL will pick up and rebroadcast Prof. Robert Phillips’ classroom lectures each Monday and Wednesday at 11, and also the class discussions on sociology, directed by Prof. T. K. Noss on Fridays at the same time. Tuesdays through Thursday WILL wiIl<«also reproduce the WBAA programs known as “Tou and Your Child.” New WBAA program director G. D. Williams states that this is the first hook-up ever to exist between two strictly non-commer-cial radio stations, and that it is considered to be the largest step taken in recent years toward radio education. Murdock Park To Be Scene Of Annual Pharmacy Picnic Murdock Park will be the scene of a gay picnic this afternoon, when the pharmacy students gather there for their annual picnic sponsored by the faculty. The picnic-goers will present themselves at the Phar=macy Building this afternoon at 4 o’clock, and transportation to the park will be fumished.Following the recreational program, consisting of softball and volleyball games, there is to be a supper followed by short talks by members of the faculty. The purpose of this student-faculty get-to-gether is to enable the students and teachers to become mutually better acquainted. Dr. H. G. DeKay and Prof. H. W. Heine are co-chairmen of, the arrangement committee fcff this year’s picnic. WBAA Will Honor Roche At Closed Banquet Friday Jack Roche, NBC production manager in charge of the Pontiac program that will originate from the studios of WBAA on October 8, will be honored at a banquet Friday night at 6 p. m. in the Union reception room. WBAA staff members only will be admitted to the dinner which will be informal. Gerald Barries is in cdiarge of the tickets and Glen Merriam will arrange the banquet program. Wisconsin CarHit^ Instructor’s Auto C. M. Long of the ag^ultmal experiment department reported last-" night that bis car, parked on the south side of State east of Marstellar, was hit by a 1937 Plymouth coupe traveling east. The auto was bearing Wisconsin license plates. The driver of the car was released after being questioned by the West Lafayette police. Eyewitnesses stated that a third vehicle, implicated in the crash, drove aw^y from the scene of the accident. The fenders and door of Long’s car were smashed the ; impact.i^iU-iiiih'^i I?®
I®
1^0'
1^
,f% irf^_ ,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday# September 29, 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
rn cn o a« ^Ufioetiitrd 0bU#giat# ^ircss ^ SnSklfcrt:
RBPRBSENTBD for NATIONAU AOVERTISING BY National AdvertiSingService, Inc. Colhge Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CmCAOO - BOSTON - LOS ANGELES - SAW FBANCISCO
Editorial Phone 6037 Campus Subscriptions $S per year
OFFICE—312 North Rfth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 5038 Mail Subscriptions $8.50 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
R. P. Manion
BUSINESS MANAGER
D. C. Miller
This newspaper i^ written, edited, ^ and ^ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All^ opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Editorial Staff MANAGING EDITOR J- E- Brock ASSOCIATE EDITORS D. A. Bailey. JU S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS —-L. C. Farquhar, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. KroepUn, D. L. Olson, B. T. Loveridge, G. A. Torrence, A. B. Keller, R. J. Deckard, D. Paarlberg, G. J. Tafel, D. G, Terrio, J. C. Woodson. Co-ed Staff CO-ED EDITOR.. — Elizabeth Fyke ASSOCIATE EDITORS Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee. SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS.; ......Mary Davis, Patricia Heine, Patricia Henry, Alice Martens, Yvonne Price, Mildred Ross, Emily Sawdon, Gedrganne Schilling, Helen Steffee, Katherine Thrasher, Betty Wickard, Joan Wimborough. -
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress^ of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, Authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Business Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER J. P. Girard Local Advertising Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER....... R. R. Hensler SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS E. A. Antonini, W. A. Beman, V. R. Daugherty, H. R. Gingher. National Advertising Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER W. J. Gillilan SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS J. R. Fouts, J. R. Drever, H. W, Nevin. Circulation Staff ' CIRCULATION MANAGER M. ,C. Reeves SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS W. F. Berg, R. L. , Lippman, O. E. Lorenz, W. E. Smith. Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR - -.E- F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS. J. S. Brown, B. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer. ' SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS ...G. W. Bruer, G. W. Brown, J. Collins, W. H. Murray, W. F. Qualls, J. A. Hebbeler.
NIGHT EDITOR -
...:.....L. S. Hardin ISSUE EDITOR.. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1937
.R. E. Insley
EXPONENT PLATFORM 1. Improve student housing conditions. 1. Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3, Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods. Must You Rob Peter To Pay Paul? The first duty of any student to the University and to himself is to make grades that will enable him to advance through his academic career at a reasonable speed and thus to graduate within a fair period of time. If he chooses to participate extensively or intensively in extra-curricular activities, he should whittle down his curricular load sufficiently to meet that obligation.
Activities are valuable to the student whether or not he graduates, but they yield place of first importance to grades. There is little reason, however, why the two should oppose each other; rather they should act supplemently. Activities should be chosen to add to the student’s academic training in such a way as to prepare him better for post-college life. We congratulate the Student Union on its action yesterday evening in establishing grade standards for junior office candidates. This moderately low scholastic requirement should benefit both the organization and its student workers.
Senior Public Service Engineers still insist that their picture was taken Saturday afternoon, and that the empty section of stadium seats directly behind them is the one that was reserved for seniors in, the Mechanical Engineering school.
Letters To The Editor
Letters to the editor must be fairly short and must be accontpanied by the writer’s signatures. Unless otherwise requested, the author’s name will be published with his letter. If, for reasons obvious to our readers, we see fit to withhold any name, that name will be held in strict confidence. The Exponent assumes no responsibility for the opinions voiced herein. Sour Grapes? Dear Editor: One wonders just how the Senior ESE’s thinking facilities, function when they will offer a picture in the Exponent of their group which was taken in the middle of last week as evidence of their ful lattendance in the Senior Cord Parade last Saturday. If they think they’ve “put one over” on the Engineering students, they sadly overestimate themselves. Chemicals, Civils, Electricals, and Mechanicals, all must necessarily lose some of the respect they have for their pseudo-engineering brothers in the PSE school after this flare of sensationalism. While stiU in the Engineering schools, before their transference to PSE, this group of Seniors should have absorbed enough of the Engineer’s Code of Ethics to place fheir actions far above this sort of thing, had the right idea. A prominent professor on the campus has termed the PSE’s illegitimate engineers. It looks like he J. R. Murray, M. E. ’38
Mr. Murray: In other words, you think PSE might well stand for “Publicity Seeking Engineers,” instead of Public Service Engi45. neers. Perhaps something should be done with those demagogues; why, fellows like that, publicity mad and showing no respect for the Engineer’s Code of Ethics, might grow up to be hig-shot politicians, maybe even Presidents of the United States, if allowed to carry on unrestrained. You know, Mr. Murray, the Exponent wasn’t deceived by the picture, either. Only the 100 per cent attendance of the FSB’s in Saturday-'s parade vinced us they were rightful claimants to the G. A. Young trophy. The Editor.
Collegiate
By Mary Cooley A state college scientist tells of glass far stronger than steel. If they take to making automobiles of that, we’ll be able to tell if the motor or anything else is missing. ^ ^ “Why couldn’t a college give its girls the same sort of aid in clothes problems that the movie studios give their actresses?” Dr. James Madison Wood, president of Stephens College, asked Adrian, wellknown Hollywood costume designer. As a result of Dr. Wood’s call on Adrian, Miss Myra Jervey was brought to Stephens to give a regular course in the principles of dress. A consultation service on individual problems and a beauty studio have been added, and together they set up a practical advisory service in personal appearance. These excellent services have resulted from Dr. Wood’s belief that every girl of the 900 in Stephens College had an interesting personality; to emphasize this, she needed expert advice on grooming and on clothes. Several years earlier. Dr. Wood had brought to his campus a psychologist who believed that problems of awkwardness and self-cons-ciousness are often the root of failure in college and later life. Upon his advice, part of the oldffashioned gymnasiufti work was replaced with social dancing, and a course in speech to aid conversation was intraduced. As a result. Dr. Wood had the satisfaction and pleasure of seeing “wall-flowers” bloom as inferiority complexes were shed. It seems that this kind of education is more valuable than much book learning, of which we retain only two per cent, according to educators and psychologists. :H :1c cl: :1c Sigma Alpha ^Epsilon natidnal fraternity claims the distinction of having the most chapters in existence today. The SAE’s," with their record of 109 chapters, hold that their closest competitor is ’way down ip the nineties. Sk ‘-i* 4! Attention, “speechifiers!” According to Wilfred J. Punk, publisher of The New Standard Dictionary, the, 10 most overworked words in current American speech are: lousy, okay, terrifle, contact, gal, racket, swell, impact, honey, and definitely.
What, Where, When? By Sally McKee
“No Nice Girl Swears,” by Alice Leone Moats, may be listed as just another book on etiquette, but it’s not. It’s modern; it’s up to date; and it’s perfectly willing to admit some facts. “Nowadays,” Miss Moat says, “a woman smokes at anytime or in any place provided it’s not the street.” Again, “A similar change of attitude has come about toward makeup.” Who looks shocked today when he sees a young lady refurbishing her make-up ? And in talking. “There is scl^rcely a subject left which is considered too delicate to discuss in the draw-ing-room or . . . mixed company.” Slang is permitted and used by all liberal-minded persons. “But swearing is different. It has never been affected ^by vogues, and, although an occasional ‘damn’ passes unnoticed, still ‘No Nice Girl Swears’.” Blasphemous remarks ^re not to be used even by men. “No Nice Girl Swears.” Potenf-ial Knitters To Meet Thursday At Union Girls interested in learning to knit, or those desiring to learn new ^titches may receive instructions at the regular 'Weekly. meeting of the Union Knitting Club in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building tomorrow at 7:15 p.'m. Miss Jacot, of Loeb and Hene Company will be in charge of the class. A contest is being held to choose the best knitting done by members of the club, the prize to the winning girl will be yarn for a ^sweater. Miss Jacot will give instructions /to advanced knitters on such types of stitches as the “Duchesse,” “Ideal,” “Plaza,” and the “T'will,” or “Schiaparelli.” ' . Frank Accepts New Post M. H. Frank, E. E. ’12, formerly division manager of the Wisconsin Power and Light Company, of Beloit, Wis., has recently been promoted to 4he position of vice-presi-dent of that company. Frank has been with this company since its organization in 1918. '
Although this isn’t supposed to be a naughty colyum, we might as well start the ole ball rollin’ with something nautical: Captain (to rather sorry looking individual): “I say, old chap, you must have a weak stomach.” S. L. I.: “Whaddaya mean, weak stomach? I’m throwin’ it just as far as anybody, ain’t I?” And one of our inebriated junior editors just pulled this one; excusing it please ... They say that there is no longer any danger for those slated to go to Hades; WPA workers there let the fire go out. Which reminds us to remind you to use Pepsodent and get a good paste in tHb mouth ... ' Harvey (HOD) Wilmeth, a Cary Hall blade, offered to wager 50 pence last week that he could get Louise Shickler, blonde bomber of WRH to come to Sunday dinner with him. But Harvey seems to think now that he aimed a little high, and at present the bet is that he can get A GIRL to come to Sunday dinner (on the dope that takes him up, of course!) Per-dew Freshman: “Is he a reckless driver?” Know-It-All-Soph: “Reckless! Say when the road turns the same way he does, it’s just a coincidence!” and environs that Bert’s Tri Chi and environs that Tri Chi Bert’s has employed a good looking lassie for it’s waitress . . . it’s the first time in 12 long years; heretofore, it has been Bert’s policy to put only typical Purdue co-eds on the pay roll ... ODE(ius) Now that we’ve been versing 't’he heavy gals to fame. Let’s turn our next attention Upon the skinny dame. She of no dimension Except the up and down— Who eats what all she pleases And wears a junior gown! I wouldn’t be a fatty— Nor yet a skinny sight; But no one seems to notice The girl who’s built just right. —Copped. Just. between you, me, and the steam-driven cash register, have you noticed any such deplorable situation around here? (In case you have, the telephone is 5037 . . . ask for B&B editor). Famous Last Line: I’m sorry; they got me a date here at the house. —^The Deacon. Barbara Dodson Coaches WM Hockey Practice Under the leadership of Barbara Dobson, girls seeking berths, on the class hockey teams are practicing every day on the women’s athletic field. The juniors and freshmen see action Tuesday’s and Thursdays at 4 p. m. Seniors and sophomores practice Mondays and Wednesdays; an open practice for all classes is scheduled every Friday. To be eligible for a class team each girl must play at eight practices. From the selected class teams a varsity team will be chosen. The varsity team will conipete with the alumnae at homecoming, October 9. Two varsity teams will play on Dad’s Day, October 30. WRH Co-eds Will Entertain Former Residents At Party Girls who are living in the Women’s Residence Halls this year will entertain all former residents at a party to be held at the halls from 4:45 until 7 o’clock this afternoon The guests are asked to go to their former rooms in the South Hall to meet the girls who live there this year. South Hall residents and their guests will then report to the corresponding rooms in the North Hall by five o’clock. There all the girls will organize into groups for an outdoor supper which will be held on the lawn of the S^oiith Hall.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“Every time I pass by here by mouth waters.”
ARC
Last Times Today ‘‘ESPIONAGE” with EDMUND LOWE MADGE EVANS PAUL LUKAS KATTI G ALU AN A Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer —and— Tali ilmSef and mtsgh m$n!^ ill
—AXfiO— ‘Betty Boop” Cartoon
—LAST DAY— WENDY BARRIE
“Wings Over Honolulu” —and— ROBERT YOUNG in “Married Before Breakfast’
LYLE TALBOT Ir “Westbound Limited” —^and-— BOB LIVINGSTON ^ in “Come On, Cowboys”
E
kiN
-today-
double FEATURE OFF WITH IHE MARINES, T0«%;
Di81LWEST0H«LEE DIXON*HUGH HEBBERT. —PLUS— NORMAN FOSTER
“I Cover
Chinatown”
Starts Tomorrow
TWO FEATURES
It Coiild
Glenda Farrell
Happen To You
with
Ply Away
Alan Baxter
Baby »
SOPHOMORE TENNIS TODAY—4:15 Gershuny vs. Tillson L. W. Meyer vs. Frye Berg vs. Thompson McGrath vs. D. C. Meyer or Hebbeler
— LAST day-
STilUA HAUAS WITH BARBARA STANWYCK JOHN BOLES . ANNE SHIRLEY
' STARTS TOMORROW GERTRUDE MICHAEL IN ' , . ■ “Sophie Lang Goes West’' —flnd— JOSEPHINE HUTCHINSON in “The Women Men Marry”
tii:m — LAST DAY — iDfCKVomi^ fl?£DWkWNG,
Starts Tomorrow RICHARD DIX IN “It Happened in Hollywood” ■—Also— Officjal-Exclusive Motion Pictures of the Carnival of WORLD’S CHAMPIONS 4 Championship Pouts
A. i
'' I\
0
’s> "S' \
^ . j .. .t* t> . L. ..,1:^. . f. .^.^^*'^?Or^^fc’^S'<-l!|f’'V‘9r_*>i?'
^ '/t. ^:fij$^},,
* i
Wednesday* September 29* 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Knapp Makes Movies Of Butler-Purdue Game To Assist Coaches In Correcting Team's Faults
Motion pictures were taken of the entire game between Butler and Purdue last Saturday by Prof. W. A. Knapp and assistants in conjunction with the athletic department. These pictures, taken primarily to help the team in correcting their faults, were viewed by team members and the coaching staff yesterday, so that corrections could be made during scrimmages the rest of this week. The pictures were also shown before 75 members of the Tippecanoe County Alumni Association Monday night. To Aid Coaches It is hoped that these movies will help the coaching staff to correct blunders of the team. If this proves to be the case, plans will be carried out to take pictures of the rest of the home games this season and perhaps of the^ Ohio State and the Northwestern encounters. Between 700 and 800 feet of film makes up this first venture of the football squad into the motion picture industry. These pictures may be available for groups of students to view at a later date, depending upon action of the athletic department.
Arsenal Tech To Meet Jeff Gridmen Friday The Jefferson High School grid squa,d and Arsenal Tech’s eleven from Indianapolis will meet this Friday night on Stewart Field in what may prove to be the deciding game for the championship of the North Central High School Conference. Jefferson was winner in the conference last year, while Tech was the runner-up. Both squads are undefeated so far this season. Tech beat Richmond and Jeff has defeated Logansport and Frankfort. FRESHMAN TENNIS TODAY—4:15 Vaughan or Bissell vs. Bloom or Alston R. Taylor or fowell vs. Faut or Curry Wagner vs. Brockman R. W. Anderson vs. Fleming or Breeden Frey or Sommer vs. Corem or D. S. Campbell Harrow vs. Deale or Croxall Goodwin vs. Reese Fosse vs. Underwood or Douglass Harge^heimer vs. Dunn
Social Dancing Classes Everyone should be taught social dancing, as it is one of the most important social requirements that life in this age demands. To experienced dancers we offer you the latest. To Beginners we offer competent and careful instruction. ENROLL NOW ADVANCE CLASS THURSDAY, SEPT. 30, 7:00 P. M. BEGINNER’S CLASS FRIDAY, OCTOBER 1, 7:00 P. M. We also have Adult Tap Classes, Ladies’ Ballet Classes and Children’s Classes. Call or Phone 2150 ALLEN’S Sixth and Ferry
• the Puydue Exponent
Service Directory
— Bookstores
— Beauty Studio —
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student “DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
• EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main ' Phone 7727
— Recreation —
5 Spot ^jun, ^hd) 212 N. 5th St. “Profitable Recreation”
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 57OI
— Hardware —
— Furniture —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX" J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Student Equipment J-juUmilwui Qo. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Lowell Decker, senior backfield man, who is back in harness again after being out a year because of injuries received in the shower room fire last fall. After playing fullback for three years, he has been shifted to halfback for his last year on the Boilermaker eleven.
Indiana Grid Squad Prepares For Hard Game At Minnesota
Indiana University’s grid squad has settled down to strenuous training sessions in preparation for the opening of their Big Ten campaign a week from Saturday when they travel to Minneapolis to meet the powerful Minnesota eleven. The Hoosiers were able to confine their play to fundamental formations in gaining a 12-0 victory over Centre, but Coach Bo McMillin has issued new offensive formations for use against the highly-touted Gophers. McMillin Pleased McMillin expressed himself as being pleased, for the most part with the showing of the team Saturday, but pointed out that definite weaknesses were revealed in lax tackling, pass defense, and down-field blocking. '
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York .
.. 91
54
.627
Chicago
. 89
60
.597
Pittsburgh
80
68
.541
St. Louis
, 80
69
.537
Boston
75
73
.506
Brooklyn
. . 61
87
.412
Philadelphia
. 59
88
.401
Cincinnati
56
92
.378
-Results —
Chicago, 2
Cincinnati, 0.
Pittsburgh, 6; St. Louis, 2.
All others
rained out.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York
99
47
.678
Detroit
87
62
.583
Chicago
82
65
.557
Cleveland
79
69
.537
■Boston
76
68
.624
Washington
71
75
.486
Philadelphia
49
95
.340
St. Louis
44
104
,297
—Results— New York, 9-1; Washington, 0-2. Detroit, 6; St. Louis, 1. Cleveland, 7; Chicago, 6. Other game rained out.
Monday and yesterday, reserves were used mostly in practice scrimmages, as McMillin hopes to find some means of bolstering up Indiana’s reserve strength. Weak Spot At Guard The Centre game uncovered a weakness at guard, which was expected to be one of the strong positions in the line. Joe Szabo was unable to play, owing to an injured leg, and James “Jeep” Sirtosky, the regular starter, was injured during the first half. John “Lefty” 01mstead is the only other man available now at that position. However, both Sirtosky and Szabo are expected to be ready for Minnesota. With most of the practice sessions devoted this week to work on the new offense, the team likely will play a closed practice game this Saturday, since Indiana has an open date then.
Purdue Meets Ohio State In Tough Game Saturday
RAH! for their swank. RAH! for their comfort. RAH! for their built-up leather heels
Three loud rahs for the Star Brand shoemakers who made them so sturdily of all leather to hold their shape and sell at these modest prices!
^Clowning’ Proves Latest Vogue In Higher Education By J. S. Brown Something new in the lin/e of higher education was reported in the New York Times recently. An ex-circus clown, W. G. Schultz, has started a school in Manitowoc, Wis., which IS the only one of its kind in the world. Its curriculum is entirely devoted to training clowns and acrobats. About nine years ago, Schultz retired from life under the big top because of a back ailment. To keep body and soul together, he opened a hot dog stand in Manitowoc. As might be expected, his stand was very popular with the children of the neighborhood high school, whom he would amuse with stories of experiences in his 26 years as a professional clown. One day, a group of Boy Scouts came to him with a request that he tram them for a circus^ they were planning to put on. He agreed to help, and the circus was such a success that he was overwhelmed with more requests for help; so he decided to start classes. He got permission to use the gym in the nearby high school, and started regular instruction in “clowning” and acrobatics. Schultz’s skill as a teacher was quickly observed by the school authorities. Before long he was made instructor of gymnastics. He did not give up his circus classes, however, but is still teaching them on the side. A!EE Plans Smoker Tonight For Prospedive Members Students interested in becoming members of the A. I. E. E. will have an opportunity to become better acquainted with the present student and faculty members at a smoker which will be held tonight at 7:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. The purpose of this meeting is to enable the prospective members to understand the organization and purpose of this Electrical Engineering Society. Light refreshments and cigarettes will be served.
Minnesota seems to be rated as tops in the Big Ten this season, but this rating isn’t being shouted from the housetops by those whose business it is to do the raUng until the results of this Saturday’s tilts are known. The reason for this is that Saturday’s game at Columbus between the home team and the Ohio State Buckeyes may point out the team that will be able to beat out Minnesota. Although neither of the contestants are scheduled to meet the Gophers, the winner of the Columbus tilt should go through the season undefeated, since this will probably be the toughest game for either one of them, with the possible exception of Northwestern, whom both squads play during the season. ^ Both Teams Handicapped Both the Boilermakers and the Buckeyes are handicapped by injuries and ineligibilities. A few weeks ago, when “Nobe” Kizer’s leave of absence was announced it was thought that Purdue’s Big Ten chances would suffer, but Mai Elward has stepped into Kizer’s place, and appearances so far indicate that he is doing as well as “Nobe” could possibly wish. Then, too, Cody Isbell’s leg was injured in practice a while back, and it was feared that this would keep him out of the game. It is coming along satisfactorily, however, and should be in playing condition by this week-end. Bykowski was declared ineligible for Saturday’s game. Ohio State Loss Ohio State suffered a tragedy similar to Purdue’s locker room fire last fall when they lost Bill Booth. The triple-threat star, around whom Coach Francis Schmidt had planned to build this year’s running attack, was killed in an automobile accident last summer. Joe Williams, veteran halfback, was recently declared ineligible.
JUNIOR TENNIS TODAY—4:15 Juve vs. Oyler Duval vs. Ludberg Kosowicz or P. F. Johnson vs. Lownie or Foxworthy J. H. Johnson vs. Ruth Richardson vs. Topping
PUMOH-OROIK F00TBJ.L STABS! Former Player Makes Sensational Accusations Against the
National Sport
Charges Gridiron Ruins Men’s
Minds and Bodies
Why do half-hacks become halfavits?
'What is the seientihc explanation for stunMe-hmma md
stumble-hacks ?
What startling thing happened to 7 mendters of a ffmat championship team, including a famous All-Ameriean
quarterback?
Why do so many former players contract tuberculosis? Find tile answers in an amazing Liberty artide: “STUMBLE-BACKS-Does Football Make Players Stupid?” * by f)rank Scully Scully knows football as a sports writer and a player. Bat today he is sorry that he was the man who restored footb^ to Columbia after the war. In his startling article he numerous case histories to prove his damaging charges against football. Every player—every fan—MUST zeaid “Stumble-backs” in the current issue of Xiberty5« Out today—on sale everywhere “SPENCER TRACY CONQUERS HIMSELF^
also in this issue
DANCE PROGRAMS House buyers-you can save your Fraternity money by inq(uiring about our prices. Latest designs and unique patterns. LAFAYETTE PRINTING CO.
511-517 FERRY
TELEPHONE 7828H
;■ ':i7f. /*t- fr, 7r■■ ,cy
if.
/
THE PtJRDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday* September 29* 1937
Poultrymen Invite Public
To See 'Egg Factory' Movie
All the mysteries of the internal operations of an “egg factory” will be discussed in detail at an open meeting of the Indiana State Poultry Association to be held this evening at 7:15 o’clock in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. This meeting is a payt of the annual three-day conference of the Poultry Association, and offers students and the public a rare opportunity of seeing the processes of egg making in the form of a motion pic^ture. Dr. D. C. Warren, Kansas State College, and a native of Indiana, will be present to answer questions concerning his movies. All the pictures were made while the hen was under the influence of an anesthetic, making it possible to observe the whole process of egg formation. The picture has served to clear up many points concerning egg formation.
Purdue Gi^uate Writes Of Vacuum Tube In Power Use
Dealing with the use of radio vacuum tubes in the power field, an article written by E. E. George, E. E. ’13„ who is now the superintendent of System Operation of the Tennessee Electric Power Company, Chattanooga, Tenn., was published recently in the Electrical World. George is known in the operating field not only as an operating man, but also as an inventor. His article points out that although vacuum tubes have been perfected to a high degree for use in the communications field, their use in the field of power has been very greatly restricted due to the present patent and licensing situation.
Gasoline Tax Distribution
Topic Of 24th Road School
Division use of gasoline tax funds received by the county from the state, and reconstruction and maintenance problems will be the principal topics of discussion at the 24th annual Road School which \Vill be held at the University from January 24 to 28. This was decided by a committee of highway officials and others who met Saturday with Professor R. B. Wiley, head of the civil engineering school and Professor B. H. Petty, in charge of the highway department in the civil engineering school.
The meeting, which ended with a luncheon in the Memorial Union Building, was called as a general conference on the program and its details.
Local Ads
student and fraternity washings 6c pound for flat work ironed and student bundles finished. Phone 75402, Shearm Laundry.
LOST—Gray-black Parker Challenger fountain pen with silver clip. Reward. Call C. A. Wallace, 66104, 315 University.
LOST—During registration. A black leather notebook. Initialed E. R. P. Reward. Phone 55227.
Malcolm Adams, Henry Agontis, Paul Allemang, Warren Archibald, Frank Balog, Jack Barnette, Jay Beamer, Alfred BerKpr, Robert Best, Edward Blake, F. W. Bloom, Rdger Bone, Robert Book, James E. Bossc, Rex Bostwick, Donald Boynton, Patrick Breman, Paul Brown, Oscar Brunn, Kenneth Burns, James Cahill, George Calvert, Paul J. Carr, Joe Cavanagh, Merton Clevett, Robert Coddington, Isador Cohen, Neil Collings, Lowell Compton, Francis Connolly, Everett Cook, Dean Cooper. Thomas Cooper, Clarence Corn, Paul Crooks, Tom Crowden, Charles Craven, Joe Cunningham, Otto Czvizler, James Daily, Robert L. Daniels, F. L. Danowski, John Deal, R. F DeHoog, A. R. Dickey, Donald Dobbie, Jack Dobson, George Doherty, William Donnelly, George Doty, Clifford Doyle. Joseph DuBois, Jay Dubore, Cyrus Dyer, Jay Ecklebarger, D. A. Edmondson, Gene Ehrlick, John Emmert, Charles Feldt, Robert Finch, William Findt, Robert Fisher, R. C. Fleming, P. K. Franklin, Herbert Girt, Charles Goddard, Carroll Goetz, George Graves, Frank Gray, Edward Grier, A. W. Grimm, Richard Groff, Frank Gustainis, Richard Haentjens, C. C. Hale, TTieodore Harainan, Carl Hansing, Paul Hardy, Jay Harrison, William Hartnett, Fletcher Hatch,
Ralph E. Hawker.
Dan Heiple, John Henderson, Ralph Higman. Max Hillmer, E. W. Hincks, John Hluchan, John Holloway, Kenneth Houston, John Howerton, William Illsley, Joseph Inman, B. S. Jackewicz, Charles Jackson, Walter Jacoby, Delmer James, Paul Jarmott, Alan Johnson, Marvin Johnson, Richard Johnson, Lee Karns, Lester Kase, Marvin Keenan, Wilton Kenney, Norman Kerbby, Frank Khan, Robert Kilgore, Max Kintigh, Robert Klein, James Kline, George Knapp, George Kohlmeier, Richard Kolp, George Kowalchuk, Howard Krick, Casimir Krzewinski, William Kuster, Harry Kwasny, C. E. Layden, John Layson, Howard Lee, Don Libengood, William Lindsay, Austen Lord, David Lower, Henry Luhrman, Stanley Lukawski, Frank Mackin, William Maish, F. W. Maleck, Thomas Mann, Ralph Manping, Willard Martin, John Maudlin, Hugh Maxwell, William McAdam, Mac McCarter, McCauley,
Ward McDowell, W. McEllhiney, Robert McGhee, Frank McGinnis, E. A McQuillan, Barney Mead, Frederich Mendez, D. R. Mennen, Fred Mentzer, K. R. Michel. E P. Miles, Phill Miller, William R Miller, Raymond Mino, W. E. Mitchell, Gordon Monaghan, Geoige Moore, Clair More, James Morton, John Mote, Fred Mott, and Boardman S Mowry
—MILLER.
Union Workers: Our committee will meet September 29 at 4 o’clock in the Union workshop. Important. —CABONARGI, MATTHEWS.
Knitters: Co-ed knitting club contest to be explained September 30 at 7 :16 p. m. in rooms b and 2 of the Union Building. —WOOD.
SOFTBALL
TODAY—4:15 Diamond 1— Faculty vs. Triangle 2— Delta Chi vs. Alpha Chi Rho 3— Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Acacia 4— Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Alpha Gamma Rho 5— Delta Upsilon vs. Delta Tau Delta 6— Sigma Pi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu 7— Sigma Nu vs. Phi Sigma Kappa 8— Sigma Chi vs. Pi Kappa Phi 9— Phi Kappa vs. Phi Kappa Sig-
10— Theta Chi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi 11— Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon 12— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Kappa Tau 13— ^Theta Tau vs. Tau Kappa Ep silon 14— Phi Pi Phi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha 15— ^Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Tau Omega 16— Kappa Sigma vs. Kappa Delta Rho 17— ^Beta Sigma Psi vs. Phi Gamma Delta 18— -Theta Xi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon
STUDENTS — Grab this offer quick. Three brand new portable typewriters for only $15.00 each. Investigate. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. East Side.
W. A. A. Hockey: September 30 and October 1 are dates for open practice for anyone. —DOBSON.
Cooperative Book Exchange: Members check September 28 and 29, to see if your books have been sold. —LUDWIG.
Gimlet Club: Important meeting at Delta Upsilon house at 7 p. m. September 29. —BROWN.
FOR RENT—Single room, $10. No other students outside family. Call 2306.
FOR SALE—Underwood portable typewriter. Good as new. 146 Pierce street. Phone 75964. Call afternoons or evenings.
LOST—Polyphase slide rule near Wimpy’s Monday. Phone 46064. Reward.
Motices
W. A. A.: Cabin first aid meeting September 29, at 7 :16 in the Women’s Gym. All girls who are taking or intend to take the cabin leadership course should attend. —SWICK.
Sophomore Engineers: Drawing plates for semester 1: PM 12, and semester 2: PM 11 and PM 12, may be had at room 202, Michael Golden Shops until October 4. —RISING.
Purdue Student Alliance: Business meeting September 29, at 7 p. m. in room B of Union. All members are urged to attend. —BUCKLES.
Alpha Lambda Delta Holds Frosh Tea Today at Union
Alpha Lambda Delta: Pledgee tea at 4 p. m., September 29, in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. All members and alumni please be present. —RANDALL,
Zouave Squad: All members report to the Armory at 4:15 p. m. September 29. —VANDERFORD.
All actives and alumnae of Alpha Lambda Delta are invited to attend the pledge tea today at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Nine sophomore women who made distinguished rating last semester will be pledged to the sorority, which is a national scholastic freshman honorary. The pledges will wear yellow, white and scarlet ribbon-pins until the initiation on Sunday, October 84.
Basic Military Students: All freshmen and sophomores taking basic military training and interested in the Zouave squad as an activity, report to the Armory at 4:16 September 29. —VANDERFORD.
Purdue Flying Club; Open meeting September 80 at 7 p. m. in faculty lounge. All freshmen and new students are invited. Voting on new rules. —CONWAY.
Identification Photos: Students who have not been photographed for their identification card, or need their photograph retaken, should report at once to the office of the Assistant Dean of Men at 4 p. m September 28 or 29. —GOLDSMITH.
University Students: ’The following students are to report to the Student Health Service immediately:
A. I. E. E.: Meeting September 30 at 7 :30 p m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Free eats and smokes Open to all prospective EE students —SCHAEFER
Representatives From Women’s Residence Houses: Meet in W S. G. A. office on October 6 at 4 p. m. —BEAMING.
W. S. G. A.: Executive Board meeting September 29 at 7 :15 in W. S G. A. office. —STEWART.
Union Workers: Report to Union office any time before October 1 for work on directory. —WOOD.
Alpha Zeta: Meeting September 29 at 7 :30 in the Union building. —ZIEGLER.
W. A. A. Golf: Report September 29 at p. m. in the small gym. All girls interested sign up at the bulletin board. —WILEY.
Debris Sales Staff: Turn in money September 29. Meeting in Debris office at 4 o’clock. —SIEBENTHAL.
Civil Engineering Students: All those wishing to join the A. S. C. E. see Fred Ahrens, F. C. Moses, Lee Rieth, G. D. Rose, or sign up in the main office. Initial fee, 60 cents, annual dues 60 cents. Purdue Engnneer 60 cents extra. —ROSE.
Camera Club: Meeting in tower room of the Union Building September 29 at 7 p. m -SHOEMAKER.
Purdue Christian Foundation Cabinet: There will be a meeting September 29 at 7 m in loom C of the Union Building. —CRISS.
Purdue Engineer: All juniors, sophomores, and freshmen interested in working on the Purdue Engineer must report to the office in the Memorial Union Building September 29 at 7 p. m. for a short meeting. —GILBERT.
Independent Staff: Meeting September 29 at 7 p. m —MEACHAM
Purdue Flying Club: Open meeting September 29 at 7 p. m. in faculty lounge. All freshmen and new students are invited Voting on new rules. —CONWAY.
Convocations Committee: Members will meet in Student Senate office at 4 .'lb p. m. September 29. —COOPER.
Radio Club Meeting: lumbers will meet in Memorial Union room F at 7 :30 p. m.. September 29. —THOMPSON.
P. I. A.; All girls interested in office work report to the P. I. A. office at 4 p. m. September 29. —DUNN.
Crown Cleaned Clothes may not bring success— but it makes it a lot easier.
Use Crown Cleaning Service Regularly
i.AU^nRY
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
THE UNION CLUB
the northeast wing of the Union is a
Quiet Private Unit
Locked Off From Public Traffic and Contains Sixty Attractively Furnished
BEDROOMS
Which Are Available to University
Transient Guests
and to Faculty and Student Members at a Semester Rate
All Rooms at a Semester Rate Have Previously Been RESERVED
But
TRANSIENT GUEST ROOMS Are Available
JA£,
fiiUidiUL TyUmjOiiaL lAniotL
£}§, iPuL thsL (^smJtsth, ' ^oJUsqjL GdwiiiM,
n