'Ji ifi '
Vf ' ' H ’
T^ rf fi^t'i ir*I( / ^^I'lleit''' Ijjl-
L. McVey Speaksi At Defense Convocation In Music Hall Tonight
^ H ip^ '’ ■'c'^ ’ '‘''Sf
Buy Defeffs« Stamptf Help Your Country * See Dorsey Here Seturday"^ ‘
-W,. rw
YiPi
'i'A'
Esiabliihed 1889
Daily Sines 1906
vSilfi
’4V ,, ,s4E
Volume 53^ No. 150
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, Marefi 25, t94p
■U
Discussion To
Diesslin To Head^c'^®/4^'^ ^peofe At Defense
Kappa Psi Will Hold Luncheon After Final Session Edward Spease, director of Professional Relations for the National Association of Retail Druggists, will offer one of the closing speeches at the Twelfth Annual Druggists’ Business Conference this afternoon. Known nationally for his advanced theories on pharmaceutics, Spease will talk to the druggistsdelegates oh “Professional Relations.’’ Speakers for the morning session will be C. J. Zufall,,:of the University, who will speak on “Effects of War on Drugs and Pharmaceuticals’’;' John E. Rudolph, director of Drug Relations at WLW, who will speak on “Radio’s Aid in Building Indiana Drugstores’’; and J. W. Snowden, manager of the Prc'scription.s Marketing' Service of the Pictorial Paper Package Coi'poi'ation, speaking- on “Tlw Pharmacist and National Health.” Dean Glenn L. Jenkins, of the University, will (liscu.ss “The Newer Drugs and Pharmaceuticals” as the last speaker of the mornihg session. After the morning session Kappa Psi, pharmaceutical honorary, vyill hold a luncheon in the East Faculty
Lounge.
Broofiie To Speak
The afternoon will open with D. C. Broodie discussing '“Blood Plasmas.” Following his speech, Edward Spease and M. G. Mcriani will
address the conference. Round Table Discussion
The topic for the Round Table Discussion of business, which will close the conference, will be “Professional and Scientific Problems.” This will conclude the conference
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Alien
$1-A-Year Men Render Co$Hy Decisions; Turn Down Government- Bid
James Hardesty
Choir Will Sing
Musical
WASHINGTON, March 24.—One big criticism of Donald Nelson’s new War Production Board is that he has blanketed into his new set-up
^ all the barnacles from the old, in- )^rjg been held here at the eluding', battalions of !pl-a-year University the last two days. men.;This includes many top-notch- Pharmacy’s war and post-war ers, but also many who seem to be pj-ohlems were outlined by Hugh C. rcji^resen^ing the companies at home Muldoon, Dean of the •Duquesne which Still pay them lush salaries, Univei'sity school of pharmacy, in Here, for instance, is one con- (See DRUGGISfS on page 2) Crete illustration of how the sys- -
tern works. At Vinita, Okla., the Government recently took oyer the Grand River Power project previously operated by the State of Oklahoma. The Goveimment did this under special war powers, which gives it the I'ight (See MERRY-GO-ROUND, page 2)
Banquet On Recreation At the annual WAA sports banquet held in the Union last night the principal speaker. Rabbi Simon H. Meyei', in his address op “Physical and Spiritual Recreation,” declared that “Civilization is the insistence of the right of a human individual to be himself.” Rabbi Meyer, described as a doctor of after dinner discourse, went oji to say that athletics make.s life more artistic and beautiful and is an essential part of democracy. Main Points To expand his generalization Rabbi Meyer stated that recieation provides an appropriate community activity, provides foi' the using of leisure time to enrich life, sponsors allegiance to sportsmanship, makes foi' an understanding of the other person’s right, and in connection with religion it teaches recognition of rules for living. Part of the program consisted of installation of new oflicers and council members, as follows: Shirley Johnson, activities chairman; Jane Blank, social chairman; Barbara Ford, cabin chairman; Beatrice Buergler, badminton; Elizabeth Baughman, baseball; Ruth Mae Evans, bowling; Gerry O’Neill, golf; Carolyn Wilbur, riflery; Ann Waterbury, table-tennis -and shvifllcboard; Lucille Chaminade, .swimming; Evelyn Schuber, tennis; Alice Troxell, archery; Jean Brackman, fencing; Betty Guihraith, hockey; Marion Lafuze, tumbling; and Harriet Campbell. Monograms Awarded “P” monograms were awarded to those women who had earned 1000 points in athletic endeavors since the WAA banquet last year. Numerals were awarded to those who made a elass team or earned 200 points. All women winning “P” monograms' become members of Sportiswomen, WAA honorary.
D. H. Harker Accepts New Dufies On Ohio Water Supply Board David H. Harker, CE ’24, who has been with the University since 1926 has resigned from the Agricultural Engineering Extension staff to accept his new position with the Ohio Water Supply Board, beginning April 1. Harker’s hew duties will be to map that state’s underground water reservoirs—and a study designed to aid industries in their war expansion program. He has been interested in farm drainage and soil conservation and his work in this field is known throughout Indiana.
Studenis Will Preserif' ‘Oraforio In Music Hall Under the auspices of the Student War Council, the University Choir wiir present the “Holy City,” an oratorio, on Palm Sunday, March 29, at 8 p. m. in the Music Hall. The soloi.sts will include Marvin Smith,. Ruth Ralston, Evelyn Shell, Janet Place, Betty Wedge, William Rothenberger, William Morgan, Alberta Schmadel, Marjorie William-! soil, Mollie Hai'ding, William Kennedy and Carolyn Wood, j The last convocation that the University Choir will pi'osent this semestei' will be given on Good Friday, April 3, at 8 p. m. in the Music Hall. The choir will offer the “Seven Last Woi'ds of Christ” by Dubois with William Kennedy as the fedturo soloist. In addition to membei's participating in the “Holy City,” Charles Powell, Jim Chase, Alfred Hubert, and Ray Friend will also sing. Good Friday Program 'This concert will be repeated by the entire choir on Easter Sunday, April 5, at the Bi'oadway Methodist. Church in Indianapolis. There will be no charge for any of these performances and the faculty, students and townspeople are privileged to attend.
War Affects Students
For
By Student Opinion Surveys AUSTIN, Texas, March 23.—College youth, on the threshold of active participation in adult life, is having its plans for marriage. How war is taking precedence over the every-day pursuits of most Amei'icans is being seen everywl/iere every day, and how it is affecting the nation’s young peo()le is perhaps the most significant of social upheavals. A national sampling of Student Opinion Surveys of America indicates that while a yeaiago this month at least half of the students attending colleges and universities hoped to bo mai'ried within two years after leaving school, today only one-third of them have the same expectation. Intervie'W’ing students of all ages and incomes in a proportional cross section, the Surveys placed this question before hundi'eds of collegians: “How soon after you leave college do you hope to be able to bo married?” Before leaving college. Men Women said 1% 1% Within 1 yeai' 13 1 Within 2 years . 18 20 Within 3 years 9 . 10 Within 4 years .1 9 Within 5 years 6 4
Within 6 years 7 .5 Within 7 yeai-s or moi'c 6 2 ■ Depends on the wai'.... 17 14 Already mariied 1 1 Don’t, know 17 17 Coeds Want To Marry Coeds, it may be noted, are eager to marry sooner than men, but the hopes Of all have diminished. Last year, for uxami)le, 22 j)er cent wanted to settle (town within a year after graduation; now only 14 per cent of both sexes have that hope. That the di'aft created a rush to the altar, the figures tend to indicate, is a myth, at least ainong collegians. In 1941 only 1 per cent declared they were married. This year the figure was identical. Engagements, 01^1110 other hand, appear to be comparatively high. “Would you mind telling me if you are engaged to be married?” interviewers asked. Men Women
7% 10% 88 84
Are engaged, said Are not engaged Would not answer
(luestion 5 6 What constitutes a campus engagement, however, is open to debate. No doubt many fraternity men who have , “pinned”v a coed and many girls who have been “pinned” consider themselves “engaged to be
manned.”
Nordlinger, Butler, Felix, Hardesty, Fee Take Other Offices Howard Diesslin, animal husbandry major, was named edit(^-in-chief of the Purdue Agriculturist yesterday. He will head the publications staff for the coming year. Managing Editor for the coming year will be Ernest Nordlinger, who is specializing in florculture. Jim Hardesty, agricultural economics major, will serve as Business Manager. The position of Advertising Manager will bo filled by Bill Fee, an agricultural education major. Felix Selected Circulation Managei' for next year is Keith Felix, who is majoring in agi'icultural economics. Buford Butler, a dairy manufacturing major, was named Subscription Manager. The offices of Advertising Manager and Subscription Manager are new additions to the staff this year. Diesslin and Hardesty arc members of the Alpha Gamma Rho social fraternity. Nordlinger is a member of Cary Club while Fee is a member of Dover Cooperative House. . ‘ Departmental Editors Depai'tmental Editors elected were Stanley Watts, animal husbandry; Othmar Burger,lagronomy; Frank Baynes, agricultural chemistry; Robert Jones, agricultural edSce AGRICULTURISTS oil page 2 In FAO Chess To Complete First Round Saturday Inter-Fratei'nity chess tournament which is being sponsored by the Pratei'ility Affairs Office special events committee has drawn twen-ty-six fratei'nity entries. This tourney is the fir.st one to be held on the campus and is of the single elimination type. During the first round each man on the three-man, teams will play only once at a time to be arranged by the opposing teams. The winning house will receive a trophy and keys will be given to the. members of the second place team. Students should call John Wilcox, 8444, to make further en-
tries.
Saturday is the deadline for all first-round matches. First round pairings are as follows: Theta XiSigma Nu; Alpha Gamma Rho-Sig-ma Kappa; Tau Epsilon Phi-Tau Epsilon; Sigma Pi-Alpha Chi Rho; Delta Upsilon-Pi Kappa Phi; Sigma Alpha Epsilon-Theta Tau; Sigma Alpha Mu-Lambda Chi Alpha; Acacia-Delta Chi; Sigma Chi-Beta Theta Pi; Kappa Sigma-Alpha Sigma Phi; Phi Kappa-Kappa Delta Rho; Delta Tau Delta-Theta Chi; Beta Sigma Psi-Phi Kappa 'ran. Sfrudent Seriate Picks Senior Board Group Last night, at a meeting of the Student Senate, a Senior Board was chosen fi'om which the president and other senior class officers will be chosen next Wednesday. Those chosen as candidates for these offices in the senior class ai'e Wade Neal, Joe Neff, Dave Frost, Jackson O'Connell, Robert Wilson, and .lack Sandleben. Liiiiiiili'iiiiuiiiL'ilt Prmjriiiiis Coinmencenient anndiincenients will be on sale within the next week at Deac’s, Southworth’s and University book stores. As before there are three forms' of invitations priced at 5, I.") and 35 cents. Orders must be paid for in advance.
President Emeritus of U. of Kentudey Will Discus 'American Way Strikes Diiemma' Tonight At 7:30 “The American Way Strikes a Dilemma’’ will be the sttbject of a talk by Frank L. MeVey, President Emeritus of the University of Kentucky, at a special University defense convocation, tonight at 7:30 in the Music Hall. Also included in the program are the University Glee Club and orchestra, under the direction of A. P. — ' ' —-
Stewart and J. M. Ragains. , MeVey taught at his alma mater, the University of Minnesota, for several years,, while conducting a tax survey which led to revision of the tax laws of the State of Minne.sota. Previous to his post as president of the Univei'sity of Kentucky, where he remained from 1913 until 1940, MeVey occupied the position of president of the University
of North Dakota.
Conducts Research In Economics
To Compete In Final
Contest Next Week Six Orators Wifi Try For $100 In Awards Preliminaries for the sixth an-
nual Hanley Speech Contest ■were hdid yesterday in University Hall.
Howard Diesslin
Ace Brigode^s Band Will Furnish Music
Since his recent retirement, he Six students were chosen to com^ has devoted his time to lecturing pete in the finals to be held next and conducting further research in Tuesday night at 7:30 in Fowlw
economics. MeVey and President El- Hall.
liott, who are personal friends, have Six Chosen : - collaborated in past years on sev- six winners of the prelimi-
eral education projects in the field
of history and economics. contestants made up of enSpoke Last Night gineering students speaking on en--Last night Dr. MeVey gave the gineering topics which were aiH; second lecture in the series ipl three proached from an economic dtandthat he is scheduled to give at the point. Selection of the winners was Univer.sity this week. The main made by three members of the ■ subject of this talk given in the east Speech Department, Wench, R. M. faculty Lounge of the Union was Horn, and R. W. Des Jarlais. Bill “The Rise of Democracy,” Gaugh, Don Sinish, Maurice Udes, Dr. MeVey explained how the Bili Peters, Lew Cohen, and Di<jk (See MeVEY on page 2) Delong will compete Tuesday night
for prizes amounting to lOO dollars.
Walerstein To Show F^nauudges
Final judges will be Prof. R. G. Thomas, of the, histor.y,..ficoimini^ and government department; Prrf.
P. E. Lull of the English
ment; Prof. A. H. Monroe of the Speech Department; Prof. H. G.
Polarized Lighting Effects Tomorrow
Ace Brigode and his Virginians will play for the PI A novelty dance which will be hold this Friday from 8:30 to 11:30 in both ballrooms of
the Union.
This band; which is knov/n, .to many local people because of its appearances at several local dances, has visited the campus before, although Friday night will mark its first appearance hei'G this year.
Betty Day Sings polarized light and describe its posThose who have danced before sibilities in the automotive field at to the music of Ace Brigode have an open meeting of the Society of noticed that, in accordance with the Automotive Engineers tomorrow policy of that band-leader to pro- evening at 7:30 in room 212 of the
vide plenty of words to the music, Union.
the .spotlight falls often on attrac- A practical demonstration of how five Betty Day, who sings the words polarized light aids the human eye to the popular tunes of the day. under exasperating driving condiDancers may attend the dance in tions will show the manner in which either sport clothes or eyening dress the automotive industry intends to as everything from tails to sweat- conquer a serious problem. . ers and saddles will bo considered Stress analysis of gears and
“pi'oper.” No corsages will be al- structural members, such as auto- tiansportation worries, ,1^9
lowed. mobile frames, will also be demonAll PIA members and their dates strated by the use of polarized
will be adniitted free. Non-mem- light.
bers will be charged ijil.lO. Everyone is invited to attend.
Prof. I. Walerstein, of the phy- c. i. , j- »» , ^ , r 1 Venemann, of the School of Mesics department, will demonstrate , . t, * /'i :i. clianical Engineering; and Prof. C.
L. Lovell, of the School of GhemiC^ and Metallurgical Engineering. Stage-Stump-Studiq Banquet To Feature West Side Program stepping into line with the pres-
Buy Your Stamps Now For , Tommy Dorsey To Appear Here In Two Performances Saturday
“Stage-Stump-Studio” annual bail? quet, previously held at varidiis halls and lodges in and aroniid Lafayette, will be held for the iir^ time in many yeSrs on the West
Side.
Scheduled for April 2, in Cynthiii^ Jones Hall, the “S. S. S.” ban(;iaetwill offer no transportation prob-., lems to the expected 160 attendance. Jones Hall is located on Columbia Street, off Northwestern, within convenient walking distance of any point on or around the caitipus. Last year’s banquet was
By Art Pershing
rp„, I,;, back in January, 1940, when he
y Do , e^, ^ j j ^ celebration of the staged at Lincoln Lodge, north of
and orchestra will make then'much i. . .. , r
))ublicize(r and long awaited appearance at the University Saturday evening when they play for
concert convocation and
opening bf the north ballroom and , West Lafayette,
other new additions of the Union. Faculty member's assisting ia Attracting a record-breaking crowd final arrangements for the banquet Union t^oi'scy’s organization played be- are: Gilbert D. Williams, progr^
mixer Within the space of four hours. First of Dorsey’s two performances will be presented from 7:30 until 9 Saturday evening in the Music Hall. Immediately following this Music Hall ajipearance, the nation’s second ranking hand (in both tlie sweet and swing departments) will transfer to the Union hallrooms where they will jilay from 9:30 until 11:30 for the Student War Goun-cil-sponsorcd mixer. Defense Stamps Nece.ssary Defense Savings Stamps—fifty cents worth per person—will bo required in addition to pa.s.sports or season coiivocation tickets for admission to the concert-convocation in the Music Hall. The stamps will
fore some 1,600 couples—a number director of WBAA;, Prof. H^ K. Car-
michael, Prof. P. E. Lull, and Ptef. A. H. Monroe, all of the speech de-
partment.
Tickets are already oh sale and may be obtained at the speech department offices, at the WBAA studios, Fowler Hall, or directly frora members of the ticket committee, lasts of students in Playshqp, WBAA, or forensics, are available at these ijoinfe on the campus.
which has not since been equalled
in the Union ballrooms.
Dorsey and his orchestra will come directly to the University from Bloomington where, Friday night, they 'svill play for the In-
diana University prom.
'I'wo-Fnld Piu-pose
Students are reminilod at this time that the Student War Council had a two-fold, purpose in mind when scheduling Tommy Dorsey for this mixer. First, they wished to bring a top flight band to the campus, and, second, they wished to promote the sale of Defense Savings Stamps. Dorsey, in view of this second fact, consented to bring his band to the campus for a “beans
not be collected and may be used and blankets” porfornianee, lluis
again at the mixei'.
(July prer-equisites for a coiq)le’s entrance to the dance is the purchase of a regular $1.10 mixer tick-
Kappa Psi Will Show Color Movie April t Kappa Psi, pharmaceutical fte* ternity, will sponsor a sound color film entitled “Quality ' OOft' trol,” to be shown April 8. at AttS p.m. in room 311 of the Pharmacy
Building.
The film depicts the prescripti|qk business and the prescriptiou
enabling the staging of this atVaiiwithout a boost in the regular mi.x-
er ticket price.
Defense Savings Stamps are now partment of a modern retail st
et aiul the presentation of this with on sale in the Union, Residence with sidelights on the manufacty^^' one dollar’s worth of Delense Sav- Halls and othei' places authorized of glass equipment and containedings Stamps at the door—the fifty by the War Council, and they will All persons interested are cents worth of stamps per , person continue to be sold for an indofi- to come and see this picture.
11 ite period. So buy your stamps for movie is furnished through the Dorsey eonvo and mixer and courtesy of the Owen-IUiuo^
keep right on buying them! Company.
ai)i)lies here, too.
Dor.'soy’s first and oidy olhei' appearance on the campus was made
f'!■“
;;fi»
i, ^ ' ' \;p,i ‘ ' '> “p. ^ s.< , ft. ^' <;i,] 5:^ PufiASS' Exponint 'Weffma^ay,-March-23^1^4^-,
■ir
C|iifislF«»yeters O-^^^^^^ Heij^ foC^n Here April 12 . indoor model airplane contest for junior and senior high school students will be held here 12. Gontestants, who must bo itt junior or senior high sdUoi this semester, will be able to enter any hand-launched type of 1^^ {glider or rubber powered stick ’AiTBe^odels will be judged on the basis of duration of time in the air, and^be longest single flight of each each division of each event
the winner’.
"•Aidvance registration for entrs^KXS in the contest may be made WiW^Tt^ofessor Knapp, assistant dean of engineering.
t^rry-Go-Round... (Continued from page 1) to take over such plants; also becauseAGoVernor “Red” Phillips was having labor troubles. Having taken over the project, it would seem natural that the Government should supply its owif power to its own army cantonment at C/Ookson Hills, thus saving itself some money. However, it now turns out that the Government rejected its own bid of under 5 mills to supply electricity to Cookson Hills, and accepted the high bid of the Oklahoma Gas and Electric Company, a,subsidiary of a big holding company, at 10.8 mills. Thus the Go%’ernment, by ref using Ho buy power from itself, will lose for itself—and for the taxpaye\c—iaround 5 to 6 mills per kilowatt hour. # Army vs. Federal Works Now let us see how this strange ' decision was arrived at. First, investigation reveals that two branches of the Government were not cooperating. When Judge Davidson, counsel for the Federal Works Administration in Oklahoma, went to see Col. H. A. Montgomery, district Army engineer at Tulsa, Montgomery refused to show him the power contract for Cookson Hills cantonment. Furthermore, the Army had hired Carl Gerhardt, who had been prpvioii.sly asked to resign by Federail Wdrk.s'' bccau.se of the contracts he negotiated with
utilities.
■The excuse officially given for ac-
liidiinces
» Line On Literary Contest Set For April 5
'purine
past- .dlitoe. W act «r CrtWKlrfess' df Mart* 3i? mp* 4Sa i the spieeiai rate df . JPo.OvW® Pth,# ' ‘ " "
aechqh cat.QWflbw m if Izcrf Jlihtthifj'. 20,i;l!l|Oa,i''PHhiwi}!"
9:00 A.M.—Annual Dl’uggista’fiusiness Confeteuce South Ballroohi, tJniop 12:00 Noon—kappa Psi Luncheon , ...Room 363, .y.hibn 1:30 P.M.—Druggists’ Wives East FaCutty tounge,
Union
7:00 P.M!.—P. I. A. Dance Class North Ballroom, Union 7:00 P'.M.—Gertiftcatioft Inspectors >
Training .:... .’...... .....koom 104i Ag. Hall 7:00 P.M.—Alpha Zeta Room 303, Union
7:30 P.M.—Marriage Course .Rooms 302 and 304,
Union
7:30 P.M.—-Scabbard and Blade . Tower, Union
7:30 P.M.—^Graduate Dames First Aid
Classes !... ; ;...Room 110, ChE Bldg.
7:30 P.M.—rStudent Convocation— Dr. Frank L. MeVey ...Hall of Music
izeo' January, jvef - •* locsity By mail subscrIpUpns,: liaiihytivrdeitiiMf.
SCiriVener Clilb, sponsofs of the
fifteenth literacy contest, stated this Week that all wiapu-
scripts must be turned in to either ■ •■■■■ ■--a „ sity Hall by April 6. Winners will ; j. •
be announced on a special radio pro-
gram aver- WBAA April 13.
^ Piiizes'wilL’be given for the best
manuscripts in each of the six rs-fati , , ^ ... . Reporters: Votik, Ahrens, Cnriaji classes of writings: poetry,, short Gj,„(tll, Vegh, Martindell, Thompson.
stag: Korpiek, WiiUef, Wa.tBon,
STAFF FOR THIS IS3V® fiditor Alfei
Sfate Organizafions Name Bureau Win Choose
... former managing editor of the Exponent, is now cloud-chopping . j - j Officers Tomorrow
at Randolph Field, the famous “West Point of the Air.”. With a B.S. in April 2 t AS uOnO jUIlQayr
Public Service Engineering last June, Cadet Heiple of Peoria, 111., traded
his typewriter and slide-rule for a chance at a pair of Uncle Sam’s wings QoUnCii TO C0epeFat6
Sunday, April 12, has been set aside as Bond Sunday by the State
as a second lieutenant—which will be forthcoming after his ten-week stay at Randolph, plus the last lap at an advanced flying school. Heiple was on the Exponent staff for four years. Was vice-president of Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalism fraternity, and a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon, social fraternity. He was also elected to Skull and Cres-
cent and the Gimlet Club.
serve at the graduation cerembpies,which were held March 16. ^ ,
for power from a private firm, instead of buying direct from itself.
This problem of the $l-men is the
biggest hurdle Donald Nelson faces.
• Too Much And Too Early Two ycar.s ago, almost to the day,
James H. R. Cromwell, then U. S. Minister to Canada, made a speech which created headlines in the pa-
pers and fury in Washington. Senatoi' Bennett Clark of Mis-
.souri declared it “an outrageous and disgraceful breach of his office,” and demanded that he be recalled from Canada. Congressman Martin Sweeney of Ohio said hotly, “We should have the courage to tell Cromwell and his lawfully wedded fortune, Doris Duke, to get the
hell out of this Republic.” Secretary of State Hull declared
that “The address contravened standing instructions to American diplomatic officers.” And when stories stated that Roosevelt had
copy of the speech in ad
•The Ratio^ 3*^3 ■■ > • m to 1:
Defense Bond and Savings Organization. On this day all polling places in the state will be open from 1 p. m. until 8 p. m. in order that people of the state may list the number of defense bonds and stamps already purcha.sed and the number that they expect to buy in the future. Seek Future Purchases No stamps or bond.s will be sold at the polls as the project is designed to find out bow many bondn have been sold and to obtain pledges of future purchases from the peo-
ple.
The student wai' council is cooperating with the Tippicanoe County Defense Bond and Stamp Savings Organization in this project. Several students have been selected by the committee to act as speakers on
But what did Cromwell say, two years ago, which caused so much fury? The hottest passages in his
cepting the higher bid of Oklaho- speech were:
nia Gas and Electric was that the Grand River project would have to construct eleven miles of line, and copper was scarce. Howevei', Oklahoma Gas and Electric now has stated that it also will have to put up' eleven miles of wire. But the crowning irony of the deal is that the Grand River project interchangea power with Oklahoma Gas and Electric when one or the other is short of power, So daring “peak” loads, the private company will be buying from the government at a contract rate of 4 mills, and then selling the same power back to another branch of the: Government- for 10.8 mills • Makre Decisions This is the picture locally in Oklahoma. Now, get the picture back among the ?l-men in Washington. Further investigation shows that despite Army-Federal Works friction in Oklahoma, local officials at first decided that the Government should supply power to the Government and had told the Grand River Authority to proceed. However, Donald Nelson’s WPB make.s the -final decisions, and some one in it finally threw the contract to the private firmSeveral years ago the utility companies maintained a powerful lobby in Washington which attracted wide attention. Headline news stories were written about theii- lavi.sh entertainment and a house they rented where several Congressmen
lived;
Today, however, the utilities don’t have to spend money on high powered lobbyists. No longer do they require lavish entertainment for Congressmen. Their men now live at the Grace Dodge Hotel, a very modest hostlery once reserved exclusively for w«meny where they eat at the same table and discuss power problems fevery evening. During the day they have desks in tile War Production Board, ^wherc they draw annual salaries of from the Government and substantial salaries or “drawing’ s^edbiints from their own compani®8.. ! ■ These men are good, solid America^iCitizens and the cooperation of their companies is absolutely es- ^ nen^l. But naturally it is difficult, if n&t humanly impossible, to draw the nine where their utility intereei^lntop and govei-nment interests begSo-—ns was shown in the Grand Bivi^r, Okla., case. For it was someann.iamong the $l-men in the Power ranch who ruled that the Governiient should pay about 5 mills
Don Johnson, new expo ad manager, had Peg Hult, a sun-kist Kappa, up fi’om Rollins College for an entire week. Don’s extinguished flame, Casey Hoskinson,- boarded his new blond while she was on the campus. Just before Peggy left Don recalled the combination- to the lock on his Lambda Chi pin and took the necessary steps. When asked for a statement he said, “I just couldn’t resist, we lived only three tepees apai-t on the same reservation in Sioux Falls, S. D.
—I'atio—
^ Woody “Mole” Walton of the Delt
vance, the White House hotly de- .shelter has been seen twice with County Defense Bonds and Savings
nied it. ' C'*® same gal—if that ain’t news our Organization. contribs have double crossed us. speakers’ committee plans to
It seems the lucky coed is Marilyn
Fifield, a KAT from Littleton various campus groups and organStreet, phone 5031, still a few with- izations explaining the bonds and put pins (a Theta promised to find stamps and urging students to visit us a date to Tommy Dorsey if wo the polls on Bond Sunday and gave them a plug—so). Anyway if pledge as much as possible for dewe’re not mistaken this breaks f®use bonds and stamps.
story, scientific essay, Indiana his
torical essay, informal essay, and j . 'v short plays.. Prizes in the Winter-, TllFCSG -CIlO ■ rowd senior library contest will also Air CorDs tii
be announced on: this program. : ■
President E. C. Elliott will appear J. R. Jarvis,, H. Wild^, Arid'-
on this broadcast which is being Reynolds, former-
substituted for the usual literary dents, have successfully completed bailquet in the interest of national the Air Corps, AdvanceiJv defense conservation; School Training at, Lpkfe In keeping with the defense spirit Phoenix, Arizona. They reCCiydd^
Activities Bureau elections for the prizes, this year, will be award- ^eir wings
junior and settlor officers will be ed in bonds and stamps rather than Commissions Vb.P -
held'tomorrow. “ ■ cash as in former years. The Win- • ,• j. i.1 r- f terrowd award, established by the According to the constitution of , ■ ; Jr- ^ i ,0-7 , .-ii i.1. -n J -t late William Wmterrowd, ’07, will the Bureau'a student may petition u,. w:- , . • J X- .p „„ be presented this year by Mrs. Winand receive considei’ation for an . ■ , X. i. • 11 terrowd to the seniors possessing elective job without having worked , x 11 x;„„ XI. n .. • 1,, the most complete collection
on the Bureau previously. There are six junior and two senior of-
fices open. ;
Agriculturists ' ' (CQnti'nued from page 1) iit^tion; Robert Edwai’ds, agricultural engineering; John Trotter, dairy; Frank Skinner, entomology; Warren'Lake, forestry; John Toppen, horticulture'; Sigurd Peterson, farm management; Dean Wilbur, poultry; and Dorothy Arvidson,' home economics. Junior Assistant Editors are Harold Wann, Charles Duesler, and rfalneA Clouse. Sophomore Editorial Assi.stants elected were Charles Lubbenhausen, Richard Taylor, Wallace Cook, and James Harper,
books.
These students have been meeting for instruction during past two weeks under the direction of Prof. P. E. Lull, of the speech department, who is chairman of the speakers’ committee of the Tippecanoe
“To me, it is only too apparent that the life, the liberty, the livelihood and the very safety of this same neutral citizen( any U. S. citizen) may be dependent upon the outcome of the'present war,” “I see approaching a force which frankly and openly seeks
to destroy.”
“Upon this interpretation of my duties as a diplomat I am content to risk my official head.” A short time thereafter, Jimmy Cromwell’s official head was lost and he resigned as Minister to Canada. He had committed the offense of seeing what others could not see. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) Wesley Foundafion Picks
Officers, "
Board Members Sunday The nominating committee, of the Wesley Foundation presented a panel of suggested officers at the regiular Wesley Vesper service last Sunday evening'., ' The following officers wore named: Beth Ludherg, Gary; vice president, Darrel Roach, Indianapolis; secretary, Grace Wallace, West Lafayette; treasurer, Hugh Porter, Waveland; chairman of Worship and Evangeli.sm, Mailin Espenshado, Middletown, Penn.; chairman of world friendship, Elizabeth Douglas, Valparaiso; chairman of community activities. Dale Moffet, Dayton, Ohio; chairman of recreation, Martha Brown, Upland. Next Sunday evening these officei's will be elected, and at the .same time a student board of 25 members will be appointed.
Robbins Will Speak To AIME Tomorrow F. J. Robbins, of Bliss and Laughlin, Inc., will speak to members of AIME tomorrow night at 7:30 in room 303 of the Union. In his talk, Robbins will discuss the cold finishing of steel and what results can be obtaineci by a method of heat treatment after cold finishing. He will also tell how special use of this treatment can be used to meet government applications and .specifications.
the .campus and before local groups. Junior Business Managers
Junior Business Managers of the new staff are Edwin Brown, Ralph Howes, Gordon Myers, and Dave Burns. Sophomore Business Assistants are Ben Erwin and Lawrence
Wright.
Junior Circulation Managers elected are James Dill, Elmer Hagerty, and Harry Michael. Sopho-
have students present talks before more Circulation Assistants are
Charles Rogers and William Ger-
nand.
The first issue to be published by the new staff will appear in Jtme,
VTS
Woody’s record of only-one-date-to-a-girl policy. —ratio— Ross Dili, our own little town girl, now has a Pi Kappa Phi pin— now you know just about as much as pe do. . ; —ratio— Until we get a grape-vine of our best agents spread in every nook and corner of the campus—including the Alpha Ghi bum-room and the reck-ioom of the WRH, we’re sadly in need of copy. Please shovel the dirt in our box on Union We.st desk. —'I'atio— Add—^^pinnings in the Pi Phi house—Peg McLaughlin and Sig Nu Larry Flora- (Larry received the jewelry less than two weeks ago). Mary Gardner and DU Dan McMcKirnan. —ratio— Follows a little stoi'y—“A Rendezvous in Kansas City.” Cast— Theta Chi Ned Ochiltree, our former editor, and Bea Buecking, from Smith College, Northampton, Mass. Time—Saturday night. Climax— pinning. Plot^—successful. —ratio—
Phi Kappa
Druggists
Me Vey (Continued fi’om page 1) United States started out as a very weak colony of separate states, each having its own government, and was successfully built into a strong government. He pointed out things which are con.sidered the main causes of the Civil War and showed how democracy was being built up through the different movements West, a main factor in the building of this democracy. In closing his talk Dr. MeVey explained how the development of democracy had been retarded under such influences as the present sit^ uation. Series Ends Tonight The convocation tonight will conclude the series of throe lectures presented by Dr. MeVey to student and faculty organizations. “The Declaration of Independence and the American Way” was the first of. the series presented before the Agricultural staff at their monthly luncheon, followed by the address “The Expansion of the Frontier and the Rise of Democracy” given to the Social Science Seminar.
V . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: Robert Gallogly, Fort Wayne; Robert Seelze, Chicago, 111.; Robert Ault, West Lafayette; Robert Burns, Biookville; August Enz, West Lafayette; Ralph Triska, Chicago, IlL; Stanley Bobrowski, North Chicago, 111.; and Thomas Taylor, Port Wayne. ^
LUMA LAST DAY—2 HITS
AMERICAN’S
unique Sanitone cleaning service renews color, textur^, fit
Colors have a warmth and freshness you’d almost forgotten. Texture has that rich“feel” you admired w'hen the suit or dress was new! It will fit heautifully, too, because we press ft to its original shape. DIAL 7278
132 Northwestern Ave.
' (Continued from page 1) one of the feature addresses yesterday afternoon, while H. R. Allen, of the Univei’sity staff, demonstrated first aid methods. Dean Muldoon also pointed out that the shortage of trained pharmacists which was ei'eated by calls to armed services will undoubtedly result in demands for lowering’ standards; but also emphasized that the lowering of standards are not in the interest o4’ public health.
Acacia
Sigma Pi
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Robert Hill, Logansport.
... social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers : venerable dean, Floyd B. Neyhart; senior dean, Gene P. Baynes; junior dean, James A. Wetzel; secretary, Richard K. Mulvey; treasurer, Frank E- Skinner; house manager, Edward W. Klein. The following members were initiated: Robert S. Allen, Charles C. Rogers, Arthur C. Tuesberg, Dale M. Ulrich, Donald W. Baughman, Charles C. Huffman, Jack M. Pearson, and Jack T.Kimbrell. PATRONIZE EXFONEN;! ADVERTISERS!
MARS LAST TIMES TODAY JOEL VERONICA McCREA-LAKE
THURSDAY-FRIDAY
TODAY The Grealesl' War Stosy- Ever Told! Showing' Indiana's Own Boys- in Action at the Battle Fronts! "FOUR ACE^"
with
PRIVATE C. K. SLACK Appearing, in Person
PLUS
LAW OF THE lUNQLE
with
JOHN: KING ARL.INE JUBGE
STARTS THURSDAY DOURLE FEATURE UNDERGROUND
with
JEFFREY LYNW MONA MARIS PLUS'
I KILLED THAT MAN
with
It's a Crime If You Misc Itf RICARDO CORTEZ
HER PARKER 0«biilant» ^8^15 Pan With mtt«hin{ WritaliRa pencil In dkinl)r white freMnUtion etia. 51275
SMART STUDENTS CHOOSf THE SUPER-CHARGED l^iJLer 3K»-acacxi«u»c>fiR» It’s the pen that never lets you down in an emergency. Full Television Barrel warns days in advance to refill. In poll after poll, year after year, Parker pens have been the overwhelming choice on the campi fronj Maine to Southern California, OTHER PARKER SETS FROM W.9S
DECKER’lS ING. 518-20 Mcfln ... Phone 5086■ • It was stricM^^^ jjitehers day ^yfeSterdifS^ aft^sviibon ass tW i^oild®wafcev ’bdaeWti ■■..'■teste; ::''^rif{titi:ed.
■ ‘' ' ' ■' '■'
- ^ se^te. ;;
'f'l'WW ■■'■’^^®'’ '■^'esathfei? ■ittte-'.'Cdtttift.iaed to
^^04b?*iftn''ty«^^meet held oh Butch Eehidug’s '■'■ "' ■' ■ " gift' ■meuv'a’nd; fey w'er.O'"a!blb;tdbdyei.an-.
#yy; pisdttiis^ iwfeaquitd gafe for fef sefeowd day „ i^feihj^Jthdteeet some in » wow.; No< attempt wastfede '^
divide’ the teama; into varsity and
*■■;■"'■■■■; ■■'■■;■■ I'oserve’ g^odPB^-Botb'-'sqtede'.wete; was Pier- o# equal sfength and played'evenly bfliSt■■ Pite-. air'fe;W£q;ft-;'?'r-.;i.,;:‘,;^-'f-i);.v.. ■-o, ,
good'form so Kersey LOoks Good
^ b^peeted to be ■ iBob KerSey turned in the best ?a®ity berth in fielding play of fe; afternoon with
< a runningbackgroundicatch of Ed
■ Gook’s; line drivei Bob has looked
iip^^^he Pole Vault very good throughout the spring
0tlrllli«in 9 W^JW- ■■^■.^WPI^^,: On {hfrarriurar For Next Grid
j^v^Ovfett in;’39> by [je ‘ii' ft," 9% in. mark.'
d inv.;' ■■’
wus 'Won by
of .'■ ':'06;5.'
drills and- continues^ ' to improve right along. Bob has no .previous varsity; baseball experieftee in spite of the fact that he; is‘ a senior, but there is ■» strong possibility that he
#■ •♦ 0
In lP^i*e|fiR^^rfes Antf jfrifFo4ucfi0nB Are -A;;-/:: iVl'Safe. A'S .
BttrtIngwersen, fi, U. line Coach, Added Squ^
To Staff Of Insfructors For Orid Clinic
Burt Ingwersen, line coach at North-western University, has been
Bob Nulf, North Side high school.
By Sheldon Watson
“Practice makes perfect*''
Today appears a-new -sporte column in the-Exponent*t'-I#4he: best added to the staff of instructors for officials’ round must be. the slogan of CO£^!|i mar-blossottvfe^as-ar^ular in accepted dictates of traditite; and hoyle-thi^’’tiife««^mn ehould lay eleventh annuar Boilermaker table in charge of Robert Ball, pres- Burnham and his spring ^
iitite#^ lfe;jbest- bf the day, thiB’his last season-here; ' '" down the ensuing policies'of the columnist kttd'the spbrte ps^e 'Of the ident of the Indiana Officials’ As-
iiPig^'d^^bbth'the-high and low ^e^.tdd^m'ihdte-;thiB' eyent. He
i BrObnei’ with .a gcv^;. .; EeiStkorn came h df good race to win the 'lii^tiB^time Of 2;02;7.
Harry' McEetran cOntinued to limber up at the practice session.
Borne time to take over
■, . MIC keystone sack, in-the meantime
'5% ' in. / The high jg. hllirig in for''McPerran. He has been fielding well and ' his hitting
has been above average. H'ipp* Recovering '
; Carl; Hnpp,. sophomore outfielder, was in uniform - yesterday afternoon, but still is not fully recovered from his ankle injury. He took a turn at the plate, but was unable to put any weight on his injured
ankle*
Irv Claseman, Walt Cook, Ed Misselhorii, Prank Fricherr and Paul Petrick were the moundsraen that kept the batters in check throughout the afternoon. They seemed to have the jump on the bat-, ters from the' standpoint of condition and were never in trouble throughout the afternoon.
paper. However, this' beginner will advance no' prcmises’that'fey' later fall'thro'dgh', There will'be-ho-set rules of procedure:' ' ‘ 'The policy of thfe corner Will be a simple'one, namely, anything deserving Will be awarded a-v'erteffet''on the-back aud' anything that-rurtg* against the’ grain w'ili receive a-goddp’sOlfd kick Where it hurtgthemobt. Andi oh V'esy if'you havd anything' at all to say let me'hear'front yoa''arid' yOuMV-hear’’ftOfti; iiilei In passing, it' woul'd be'-vt'eH to say th'at today sCek fe'materialization
Football Clinic to be held here on Friday and Satui’day, April 3-4, it was announced today by Guy Mack-
ey, athletic director. .
Ingwersen will join with outstanding high school mentors; Cecil Isbell and Don Hutson, Green Bay Packer stars who are the leading. exponents of the aerial game in
sociation.
»1fire4n.e.Bday—6:30
H. 11
to attract between 300 and 500 grid coaches from all parts of the mid-
dle west.
One Of The Best A former three sport star at the
-.v
:;:;Yiii0|^i«;'J2'vs.:G. h. 8:30 1; 4}'H. 1 vs, C. h. g-vs. C. H.
,4:1 '.Cl ■ V
13 14
yg. c. H. 10
Ai?!'ard,Baseb''all
fblllowing M/^ard baseball tegfei^V;lil filay at 4:15 Wednesday
26—Diamond 1
Volleyball
All Cary Hall, volleyball teams will report ready to play at 7
.-vYWai'd 5—^Diamond;2 Thursday evening, March 26. 24—-Diamond 3 :■ — :——-
,^.|^y^ardii^Diamond 4 •' Patronize Exponent
Waiii*d 21—Diamohd 5 Advertisers
PAUL'S PLACE
BEEF BARB-Q PORK TENDERLOIN
line 2645 m
FURNAS ICE CREAM 216 W. Columbia St.
We Deliver
of something long coveted. I am looking forward to associations with _ ... p;,.pipo and Rivpf-pv Red Mackey, Elmer Burnham, and the rest of that fine bunch of men S'Sers, t ;onducting te aUd students who will, one day, make Purdue the power ,n athletics that two-day program which is-expected
it should be. "'■•
There arc too many things I am looking forward to Seeing and doing, too many people whose friendship I hdpe to cultivate for each to be recorded here. At the proper 'time they will receive the cognizance due them. r-: After the buildup my predecessor, Phil Johnson, doled out yestei’day
I’ve a great deal to live up to. May I be successful. Phil’s'column of University of Illinois, Ing-wersen commendation is typical of him. If Phil can’t gi-ve somCUne a good ’^^'uks as one of the outstanding line word he seldom says anything. This is a noble trait and -Worthy of the coaches of the country and much gentleman Johnson is. And he is jflst that ... a gentleman and a sin- hf the credit for Northwestern’s
cere one. I learned discretion working undeiy that'affable stringbean.
There are four associate sports editors working With me this year who will really “put out” the sports page. They’re a fine bunch and because of them the Exponent shbuld hkVe gooff sports coverage. They are Dob Brewer, Joe DaWson, Ed Karr pick and Bob Krieger. ” ' ’ Brewer has had an excellent newspaper background and intends to
follow the field of journalism after his graduation. He is violently in-
terested in all sports for sports sake. He is in the E E school. Dawson is a quiet, likeable chap who does things calmly and effi-
ciently. His main interest centers about basketball. He and Brewer are from Indianapolis, Brewer by way of Texas. Joe is a mechanical.
Ed Karpick spent four years in the navy, was honorably discharged
as a master electrician and is taking EE here. He has a phenomenal jor John L. Griffith, Big Ten athmemory for athletics and spent most of his time “on the beach” in letic commissioner, will be the prinseeing and reading about athletics. You know, he is the sort of fellow cipai speaker before the annual who can tell you wh6 were the guards for Notre Dame football team coaches’ banquet on Friday night; in 1927 without batting an eye.' Karpick is from Buffalo, New York. April 3. Orville Hooker, of Marion, Bob Krieger is from Brooklyn . . . need I say more? Yes, he is an president of the Indiana Coaches’ inveterate Dodger fan and loves to see “Dem Bums” lick the stuffings Association, will act as toastmaster, out of the “Jints.” He is also an EE and has an index of aioiind 4.8, The banquet will be followed by which he is continually worrying about. That is the crew. a coaches’ round table in charge of
gregation of gridders, because of the grit and spirit tK^y
show every afternoon on:
intramural field. Yesteriiai^ afternoon they were busy as us'tial while the warm March sun anff
wind whipped across the field.
ball games and golf matches Were going on on each side. Eds and cheds were walking ■wistfully by ‘fek-' ing a few of the grid' iads en-srf<rB3 no doubt, but Coach Burnham ted
their term, fall sports will still be. the boys seem to be looking-ahq^ on the shelf, and the vitality of to next fall when the reward fSr those interested in other forms of their efforts will be given.' ■ ■ ■ ^ vigorous exercise Will vary greatly short Scriittfege Session ''
according to the rise and fdll of the -.r . ,
Yesterday afternoon, Goaohes
T „ , , .u 4.1 Burnham, Taube, and Voinoff tO^
In fact, the only sport
Summer Term To Be Lacking Major Sports Athletics during the next, or summer session of. next term are going to be at almost a standstill. The spring sports will have served
success in recent years is attributed to the high calibre of the Wildcat
forward Walls that he has
oped.
Ingwei’sen will take up the fine points of line play -before the session on Saturday morning, April 4, at 10 o’clock, his discussion to be followed by a regulation game between two picked Purdue squads at 2 o’clock in the afternoon.
Griffith To Speak
Mackey also announced that Ma-
mercury in the glass tube.
on the
Boilermaker campus this summer that will see action to any extent at all is baseball; and perhaps its first cousin of the more tender va-
devel- riety, softball. Fieldhouse Ho . . .
To offset this lack of activity among the more athletic minded, the Fieldhouse will undoubtedly be on the rushed list all summer. The pool will, be, theoretically, the hot spot qt- center of activities, tennis courts behind the gym will suffer their share of the wear, and then we might add the Chocolate Shop on the list of places to be rushed. The first sport to show its dust
the squad through some scrimmage sessions to perfect a ffe of their plays. Various eofeq)^ tions were tried on both offenae tejS defense. The -offensive squama donned white jerseys and tried'-W*' run through the defensive playjBfs who wore red jerseys. Center es, end arounds, and razzle laterals were used time after in an effort to polish up the tiniiiig
oh them.
't'
n new touch has been added to the. . . . Glamour Girl Brown, Copen and Red fW' Sizes 14 lo 42 Mail and Phone Orders Promptly Filled
Thieme &
Beautiful New HANDBAGS to put in spring costumes $1.00 to $5.00
Top handles, inside zippers, envelopes arid pouches in every popular spring shade Of red, lurf tan, kelly green, lieige, navy, hlack and brown. Materials include patents, Sae-de-Gord.;' fades, gabarclincs and calfskins.
622-624 MAIN STREET
In these trying times relaxation is all-important* Youll find it a pleasant relief to eat in the atmosphere of
THE piLL Meals are inexpensive
delicious!
and
WlmufyiaL lAnimL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
old chest to heaving again over hills and fields. The full term is now in
session.
One of the outstanding^ offensive
men of the afternoon was
a candidiate for the right-half'ppir
sition in the backfield. “Swede!’
derson displayed his usual batter*
in the early fall will be the activ- style and “Hurryin^;'^ ity on the practice gridiron, with a Stram, a star from climaxing drive to , shed excess ^quad, was showing. weight, and reestablish wind and I'erclassmen a few tricks he muscles to become able to take when he played for Lew WalT^^d^pfv strenuous exercise under adverse Uaiy. Another prespect ffoitl. 4^ conditions. With the first show of f^'eshman squad is ClymUr, a ta^| activity on the gridiron, the cross who has been showing some, fe|: country boys will begin to stretch lately. Newell, a :S(^hrifei^q softened leg' muscles, and get the been threatening the regrife^i
at center, ' "■ ‘i. ""i:;
Hajzyk Still Out
The spring roster is marr,'eS;:sd, far by only a few minor injuro:^ Boh Hajzyk, capable qUarter^cB on last year’s squad, is still out: a Charley horse in the right: Barry French, regular tackle* is.'.te the sidelines with a gash over kiM left eye and another tackle date, O’Bryan, is recoveriiig from a knee injury. .f Smooth Combination ■ ; !' Of the many various combiha-^ tions Coach Burnham tried on .0:^' fense yesterday, one seemed to click: rather steadily. On this squad* hie had in the backfield, Andersoii quarterback; Stram and Sbuinac%! er at right and left half; arid: Gjrcei; nas at fullback. The line corisisteQi of Harris and Maloney at end^ Stoelting and Matrewitz at tackles; Barwegan and DeMaria 4|; guards; and Seidell at center., ,k
Sports Notice There will be a preliminary meeting of all candidates for the freshman baseball squad this aft~ ernoon at 4 o’clock in Room 108 of the Fieldhouse. Plans for the coming season will be outlined by Freshman Coach €. S. “Pop”
Doan.
I'ATKONIZE EXPONENT
ADVERTISERS
i Dine Tonight NU CHINA GRILL CHOW MEIN—- CHOP SUE'f e 409 Columbia Sh
For that SPECIAL SOMEONE Nothing could make a better gift than a very personal one of crested jewelry.
• Sweetheart Pins • Necklaces • Rings
* Bracelets * Cigarette Cases * Compacts
FRATERNITY jEWELERV 'r*. '
,'*ff I w
Purdue Exponent
WeSnes^ay, Marches, 1942
Vi if
Personnel Notes Alpha Lambda Delta
To Initiate 18 pledges
If nny scnioi- js intoiosled in an ititfcnnow with anj' of the following coinpanic'.. complete one of the yellow “Request for Intel view” eaids, a supply of winch h in your school office. You will be notified bv
Alpha Lambda Delta, fieshman women's honoraiy soioiity leqiminji a 5 00 oi bettei index, will in-
c»id from the Pei.sonnel Office w'heu, 'tiate eighteen pledges, Sunday
to schedule an inteiview; Wagner Klectric Corporation, St. I/ouis, Mo Maich 80 M E. and E E. Sign up in Petsonnel Office. (leod.Minnuc Prospecting Seiwice. Indianapolis. Indiana Advanced chemist (uith geology) Como to the Peisonnel Office foi additional infonnation General Aniline Works, Gia.ssolli. New .lei.sey Ph.D in Chcmistiy md a raajoi in Oiganic Chcmistiv. ( ome to the Peisonnel Office toi additional infoimation. Carbide and Carbon Chemicals Corp., S. Chailestoii, W Va. C E. with a ma)oi in the stuictiiial aspects. Come to Peisonnel Office toi tiiithe^x infonnation Corn Products Retining Co., Ai;,o. 111 Match 27 M E and Ch E. Roots-Connersi illc Rlower Corp., Coiiiiei sville, Ind —ME Come to Peisonnel Office befoie Maich 2() Stimson tire raft Die ision, Wayne, Mich.—ME. Sign up in Pei.sonnel Office befoie Maich 2(i Auburn Central Mfg. Corj)., Coniieisville, Indiana ME and Aeroiiauiuals Sign up in youi school office befoK' ]() a.m Fiiday, Maich Ifoude Engineering Division, Hou-daille-llershey Corp , Buffalo, New Yoik. Maich 20. M E Come to the Pei.soni!el Office immediately and schedule an intei view Electric Furnace Co., Salem, Ohio M.E and EE seniois who aie ineligible foi militaiy seivice. Come to the Peisonnel Office betoie Tuesilay, Maich 31. Monsanto Chemical Co., St Louis, Mo Ch.E and Chemistiy toi summei woik. Juniois only. Como to the Peisonnel Office bcdoie Maich 81. Midwest Mfg. Co., Galesbuig, 111 ME Sign up in the Peisonnel 01fice beioie Maich 31. Hiram Walker & Sons, Inc , Peoria, 111 Ch.E. and M E Also sophomoies and juniois foi summei woik Come to the Peisonnel Ottice befoie Monday, Maich .10. DuPont Compan>, .Joliet, 111 B S in Chemistiy Mdn and women Come to the Peisonnel Ofliie bcloic Maich 81. Sewage Treatment Moiks, Andeison, Indiana Ch E oi Chemists Sign up in the Peisonnel Office bcfoie Maich 26 Sinclair Refining Co, E Chicago, Irid. M.E Sign in the Peisonnel Office befoie Apiil 1. Zenith Radio Co, Chicago, 111 EE majoiing in communications foi summei woik Sign m Peisonnel Office befoie Apiil 1. Wincharger Corp, Sioux City, Iowa (subsidiary ot Zenith Radio Coip ) E E inteicstod in dynamoun.s, .small geneiatois and motois Sign in Peisonnel Office befoie Apiil 1.
morning at 8 Aftei the ceiemony, they will eat bieakfast in the Old Chestnut Room ot the Union. The follow'ing women will he initiated Betti Ann Aith, Lorine Biook.s, Tieva Davis, Ruth Fold, Patiicia Gaylord, Man jean Giaves, Bcitha Katz, Marion LaFuze, Ruth Adelc Levin, Doiothy Muiphy, Maiy Paiisi, Maltha Lee Riggs, Emma Sanlini, Viiginia Selleis, Emily Snydei, Faye Tylei, Ruth Walkci, and Viiginia Wan on. Dolphin Club . . . elected officeis last night in a meeting held in the Fieldhouse The folloiving men weie named: Jim Kiuek, piesident; Jack Anckei, vice piesident. Cliff Enksen, socictaiy, Joe Williamson, tieasuiei; and Leo McGiath, seigeant of
ai ms
Notices
Senior CiKlet Officers* Rmn up inirntdiattly <m .idvaruffl <ourse ImlUtin Ito.ml foi appouUriK Ills 1o Tti\( p^tuu^s Inktu \ JOTTNSON Alpliu Zeta Pledtfts And Aclives nniuput d.il( cliin^ftd to Ihuisdav Mauh 2() in loom Mii ol Union Intausi oi late (ontlict on Univtisiiy (.lUndir IMi dt'-t tests an<l initntion will lx Wtdnisdiy Maicli 25 lM«dt,»s tonlut Diisshn toi national .ind io< tl < oust if lit ions - SWAIM
feres PledRes* Poll* tin as s*Hjn
^ W< atTu iH for Ct i ( possililt WEAlJinUS
Westminster I'oundation 'llui< will lx 1 putv .It the. chinch on Piiday Much 28 at 7 4" pm Entoitainmcnt will bt in tin iorm ol inform il ucuntion and iiticsh* mints will Ik served No admi-ssuiTi (haiye anil cviryoiu* is invited THOM A Peliris PhotoRrraphy Staff* tunmil petitions toi scnmi ami junioi |obs au diu Wti) Much 2) it ) pin Sit* mixltl loini in th< vvoikshop loom 'IOWJ..E (iluhr Club Mcctirn’- Ihuisdiy Maith 2h at 7 To 1) m in Ununi Room will be aniiounttd litci CATI KE PIA Hoard Members Himiiiet tickets an hltv tents SOI TNl'R Student Senate Irnpoitant meetinjr foi all iitshmen and seiphomorc* woikcis in the SeinU oflKc Wtdiusdiv Much 25 at 1 pm Convintion lohs will lx issiKUtd NErr Wesley Plavers Mettinji: it the Found i tion Ihuisdav Maieli 20 at 7 TO Piol 11 ken Cumuhel will lx. the "ix ikei —HOKION Catal>sl ( lirb kleition oi otlueis Wed nesdiy Apnl 1 it ' 'd Sim li^t m l)i 1 'Veils ollict ind pu k ilp i lopv ol llu (on^Ulullon Ixloie 1u<h*1i\ noon 5 e)DL \{ AJj)ha /eta Aetives meet in lexon 10) ol Union Widntsdii Miuh ■'5 it j 1 i loi initiilKri Ollirei's olr isl i ornt ( u 1> \ltendinte js compulsoiv SWAIM Westminster Foundation 1 he Imind ition will hive no piiiu^ until E isti i Aft Cl E iste 1 .it U ,ist (\\<k moje social lunction*> lie plinned A lollti sLatinu paitv is ])lanned immidiitelv iltci Easlei and a picnu IS planned lot the latte) pait ot AjniJ Cl AUK Union Sophomores. Impoitint mtelini, Wednesdiv Maich 27 in the Sp.inyrle Ro nn Re thfie’ IIAYDLN btienee Seniors: All s<u*ne<* soniois who hive not eilltd .it mv ollieeon the p ist vseik to (ill out s( nun hl.ink^ jik iifiuisied to d.» so at onee ENDMiS Alpha Zeta PledRcs Pkdyo test it 1 pm Widnesdav Mireh 27 in loom 118 ot Air H.ill Jtepoit in AMiculluiist Ofliet ,il TO loi initiitiori Rnntr lull ho’e ioi l)in(Uiet Weal oveiall outfit SWAIM Fraternitj Affairs Office Chess Tournev * All lijst lound matt h itsults must Ik i«poited to the ollife hv Satuidav Mueh 2S - WILCOK
Student War Council: Meet backstap:c in Music Hall at 7 20 p m Wod , March 25, for special convocation - DIBOS Pan-Hellenlc Council: Meotinf? Wed. March 25 ,in loom 303 of the Union at 4 p.m Rush plan to be‘ approved for pit*sentntion SCARFF WAA: 'lumblem come to pinctice for Tennj Cm nival Thuisday, March 26 Everyone must be theie No practice held on Tuesdays BAUGHMAN WAA* Baseball piactioes held on Wtdmsd.iy ind 1 i i<l iv Muieh 25 and 27 Thiee praetues au reKiuiud foi intramural BAUtilJMAN Scabbard and Blade Mootinp; Wed Mnidi 2)7 il 7 TO p m in the South Towti of the Union SUELIVAN PIA Memliors: Danee scheduled for this Fiidav evening: at 8 30 pm will be held ~ SMULEVITZ Society of Automotive Engrincers: Di W.illciotoin will talk on xjolarizoel hp:ht and elcsciibo (xpeiiments ioi determining the stresses in Kcais next Ihursdav Maich ’6, ill loom 212 oL the Union at 7 TO pm We would appUeiale full atte'nd ince
KFIE
Student Art Guild Meetinfr Wod Mirch 27 at 1 11) in loom 261 ot the Union PARKS AWS Executive Board Meclinj., Wed Mu'h 27 .it 1 pm in the AWS oHice MeCUI.I OCH Alpha /eta Pledues Rcpoit in room 118 in (he Ayriicultuial Hall Wednesdav Mareh 27, .it 4 pm lor plcelye test ITiinyr full boxes at initiition Wtdiusday at 7 TO pm loi mimehiim at baiuiuet See tomoiiow s Exponent loi loom of initiation SWAIN Piiiduc living (lull Hue to C A P iN.nj (1 iv meet in Vincennes and F\ insvilk on Satuidav and Sunday Mauh 28 .ind 20 the bchcduled an meet will he ]>ostIKuud until Apiil 12 PI ins ioi the an meet will lx discussed it the next re{-,ulii niictinu Foi infoimation e.ill Reinh.iid oi n ilucht RERNIIARI) AIME Memberfl* Meetim* Ohms Much 26 it 7 TO pm in loom 10) of llu Union I ) Robbins will speak on the (old InnslnnK of steel SO \IUvEY Independent Staff Pilitions for iiinioi md scnioi olhccs ue due not lot'i thin Thurs , Maich 26 at 1 TO pm .it the PIA box at the e ist desk ot the Union oi in llu Indeinndent ofiieo SMUI EVl PZ Aeroinodelers : ImpoiUnt nuftiny ^Ihuiselav, M.ueh 2I» in looPi 80 ni the Unieni Protciam will lx uiamred Pie isc be present SMTHL Condition Examinations. Fxnms in AM 21 and AM 22 will be riven in loom HO He*avilon Hal) on Saluuliy Mireb 28 horn 3 to 4 Pe units may )x olitaiiud in llu ni iin otfiec ot Jle.ivilon Hall —POORMAN .Skull and treseont All pledrts md aehves meet .it the Ross-Adt Stadium Wednesday Maich 27 it 8 pm Pkdpis hnny p ulelh tlishlirhl notebook and pencil MENKE ( . E 2! Makeups Ex.irnination to lemove C.ird f yri ides in C E 21 (stiesesT will lx riven in uxim 101 ol the Civil Ruildmr from 1-4 pm Satuidiy M.ikIi 28 Ihise ion (lined contui me at once SONl SON Flying: Club :( lub ke vs have anivcl Anyeinc wishing the as now m.iy phejnc me al .07T HARtCirr WAA* Tumbling, puutues will Jx held only on '^Ihurselay M.iich 2(» Eveiyoiu must be piisent foi woiU on tlu Penny C i 1 n 1V a 1 - BAUGHMAN
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS llilivcrsily Otitik Sturt: A< reiss Fieiin llniem ‘UeP' Sftiiiniona *20 “Beic** Ppplc *40
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK \ — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz DIdg. 4th and Mam St Lafayette
New iinder-ann Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiration
Wanted* Full lime stenographer and g'eneral office aHHihtani. Purdue background preferred Apply bv letter. Exponent Box No 1.
Everything for a College Edtieation DEAC’S
Tjpewnters—Adding Machines all mikes 4old, rented, i<i>.ijr(d aiiel puiclie < d Mirne '•graph work done C I Elurshotf, (d»7 Mam
luiajeit( Phone 2770
For Rent .* 3 urrnsh el e il u i< lu v ip ii Inu nl witli r* fi iri r itoi anei lull See Mis lone,
527 State
For Rent Subuibm 7 loom biinc. ilow Moeklii (Itetiic iam,i N< ei IJmveisity I'lioru' 36064
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Qualify BAKERY
ADULT DANCING CLASSES OPEN
BEGINNER'S
TUES., APRIL 7, 7:30 P.M.
ADVANCED
WED., APRIL 8, 7:30 P.M. ALLEN’S 6lh hihI F*yrr>'
1 Does not rot ell essts Ol men s sluris Docs not n ril ite skin 2 No willing to eli\ Cm he used 1 ii*lu liter slnv im; 7 Insiinil) stops peispiiuioii foi 1 to 7 thys Removes odoi lioin pei spii Uion 4 A pine, while t,ieTseless, si unless \ Tinshini; ere im 5 Al nd has been iw irdecl the Appiovil Sell ot the Ameiicin Iiisli lule of liundeiiii); lot hcin^j li 11 mless to tihi les Arrid is the LARGEST SELLING DEODORANT. Try a jar to<day' ARRID 39c storcH Kcllinr toilet roods (also in lOc and 74< jars)
' A Standout! Sure of Success!
If
Crown Cleaning Service; pnLs yon in the No. J Class for l*ersonal Appearance. Crown Iaundry
wPiaL h) ii)&aJE Jtkidu . . . r
Fiiilnw Ihfi EXPOIVEM for llifi liilRst Sprinij Styles.
3^1^ SiljisL-widJL ADVERTISE IN THE
Top of the Hill
So Read Your Exponent Advertising Keep up with the latest. V Know what to buy and where.
pi I I I