j- ^
®he Puriue TSxaamnt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1986
NUMBER 23
Play Writers Sign Up For Skit Contest Winner To Receive Engraved South wor^th Script Trophy Entrants in the Southworth Script Trophy Contest, which was announced in yesterday’s Exponent, must sign up with Wilson White, P. I. A. activities chairman, who is managing the affair, and must submit their manuscripts to him by December 12. The scripts will be judged and the winner announced before the Christmas vacation. The contest, which offers a cup, awarded by Mrs. Mary B. Southworth to the university student who can write the best paper in one of the three required types of dramatic interpretation, is sponsored by the Purdue Independent Association. Winner’s Name The cup will be engraved with the winner’s name and will be retained by him for one year. It will be on display in Southworth’s show window as soon as it can be procured and will later be placed in the Union browsing room. Entrants are given their choice of three types of drama; namely, the one act play, the radio play, and the skit. The nature of these types and their characteristics will be published in the Exponent within the next week. The University English department will give credit to those submitting manuscripts in the contest. Eligibility All students, organized as well as independent, are eligible for the award, so long as they have had no professsional experience. The only requirements to be complied with are proper registration, the choice of one of the required types, and absolute originality. It is suggested that the plays deal with student life or with subjects with which the author is well acquainted. New and different styles, out of the way plots, and other “kinks” should be investigated. The judges have not yet been selected for the contest, but they will be disinterested authorities on playwriting. They will be announced as soon as they are chosen. Mr, H. K. Carmichael and Mr. G. D. Williams have announced their willingness to help any entrant with his script with constructive criticism. They will not act as judges, as was stated in yesterday’s Exponent. The P. I. A, Skit Shop, The Radio Stage, and the Tower Theater, will have the full right to produce any and all of the scripts entered in the contest, and to experiment upon and improve them. The scripts however, until they are produced will be in the control of the author. If the play finds a buyer, 50 percent of the sale price will be paid to the organization that first produced it, and the remaining 60 percent to the author.
Lafayette Democrats Meet At West Side High School The Lafayette Young Democratic Men and Women’s club will meet in the West Lafayette high school auditorium at 8 p. m. tonight. The pieeting is especially for Purdue Democrats and the speakers will be Mr. John Handford and Miss Marcia Adams, cousin of the famous American actress Maud Adams.
The American College Publicity Association at the annual convention in Boston, elected Frank S. Wright, University of Florida, as its president.
LAST CALL FOR EXPONENT FRESHMEN
Freshmen who desire to work on the Exponent, must meet Friday afternoon at 4 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 olf the Union (second floor). This cull applies only to those interested in working on the editorial, sports or co-ed staffs, —'Morris.
WSGA To Continue Interviews With Co-eds W. S. G. A. will continue to have interviews today and tomorrow for freshman and sophomore co-eds. Through these interviews W. S. G. A. hopes to acquaint the new women students with the various co-ed campus organizations and to help them choose those for which they are best suited. Records are being made of the activities in which the sophomores have participated and of those in which they are continuing.
Farmers Will Dance Friday Newman Club Sponsors Annual Barnyard Frolic; To Award Prize A vivid description “Of Down On Old Hiram’s Farm” will come to life on Friday, October 16, in the Union Ballroom. The occasion will be the annual “Barnyard Frolic,” which will be a change from the conventional dances which have been held since the start of the year. Everyone is expected to be dressed appropriately for an evening of fun as a prize will be awarded for the most typical costume. The dance is being sponsored by the Newman Club, who have secured Bob McKitterick and his orchestra to play for the affair.
Winch Issues Debate Call Will Fill Existing Vacancies By Tryouts , Initial tryouts for the University Western Conference debate squad will be held Tuesday, Oct. 20 at 4 p. m. in room 301 of the University Hall. The announcement was made by Mr. L. S. Winch, of the English department. The subject for Big Ten debates during the coming season is “Government Ownership of Electric Powered Utilities”. The tryout speeches will be five minutes in length, and will defend the students’ point of view in favor of one side or the other. Schedule At present the University debate chedule calls for a meet here on the campus with Northwestern University Dec. 10. Other contests will be arranged as th^ semester progresses. Only three men are left from last year’s team. They are C. R. Pettfcrew, R. F. Royster and J. W. Fredricks. Since six men are necessary for a complete debate team, there is ample room for good debaters.
Under The Mirror Book notes from the Browsing Room
GREEN LAURELS by Donald Peattie In relating the lives and achievements of the great naturalists, the author has pictured the discovery of the living world by the mind of man. A true scientist with the mind of a poet, he says in the foreword, “In nature nothing is insignificant, nothing ignoble, nothing sinful, nothing repetitious. All the music is great music, all the lines have meaning.” \ There are many branches of science but here we walk with those whose laboratory is the great out-of-doors. We meet Bartram and Michaux, wildnerness plantsmen of colonial times. We appreciate more fully the scientific value of the Beagle, and we have an intimate picture of-^the home life of Darwin after his return from this remarkable journey of five years, with its rich contribution to science which culminated Rfter twenty years in the publication of the “Origin of Species.” Donald Peattie says of his book that, “More than life-stories of men, these are biographies of ideas. And beyond and above that, they are incidents from the adventure of nature itself.”
Flying Club Plans To Buy Airplane Plans for the purchase of a new aeroplane were enlarged upon by the Purdue Plying Club, and committees were appointed to buy it within the next five or six weeks, at a meeting in the Union building last night. A comi^lete program of activities for the coming year was made out and a committee for the arranging of lectures from prominent airmen was chosen. New members were taken in at the meeting but there is still room for seven more. Edna Stephan, a new member, is the first girl to ever join the Plying Club. The rest of the new members are as follows: W. A. Bates, P. E. Dawson, J. Simmons, C. J. Alden, R. L. Duncan, J. G. Conway, P. J. Ogle, J. F. Whitney ( C. Bassett, G. J. Dell, B. Cooper, B. Kelley, D. Baldwin, and C. T. Lohr.
PIA Organizes Tune Shop Tryouts Tonight At 7:30; Directed by White and Barrett Tryouts for the Tune Shop, newly organized by the P. I. A., will be held this evening at 7:30 in the Union Tower room. The group will be under the direction of Wilson White and management of R. P. Barrett. The new organization, asked for by many independents, will consist of a small chorus and any number of special arrangements in the way of duets, trios, quartettes, and combinations for both men and women. It will deal only in the latest pieces and will handle them in the novelty arrangement form only. ,Tune Shop will provide activity for those especially interested in the modern interpretation of vocal music, and also an opportunity for them to use their talent in several programs already scheduled. There is no organization now on the campus which duplicates this particular type of activity. Since there are many places on the campus where vocal and instrument soloists can be used. Tune Shop will also endeavor to find places for such Independents.
ASCE Hears Keefe On Rail Problems Merton R. Keefe, Universitjr graduate in the Civil Engineering School in^l902, addressed members of the American Society of Civil Engineers at a meeting last night in the Civil Engineering Building His talk concerned his experiences while helping construct 900 miles of railroad for the Persian Government, and dealt particularly with the engineering problems occasioned by the unusual terrain. The railroad was built through a desert country, through very rough mountainous territory and in places whe^e the tide, coming inland nine miles from the sea, threatened the construction. Prof. C. A. Ellis made a short preliminary talk, advising seniors to join the society so that they would be able to enter the senior organization more easily when they graduate.
Union Browsing Room To Begin Bi-Monthly Discussion Series The Union browsing room is going to inaugurate a series of bimonthly discussions in order to familiarize students with the different styles of present and past literature. At the first meeting tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock, Mr. L. A. Josselyn, librarian of the browsing room, will introduce the books and explain the arrangements, classification, and contents of the present supply of material. Faculty members, outside literary authorities, and students will conduct the discussions.
Prof. Huttig To Speak Before AChS Tomorrow At a special meeting tomorrow of the Purdue section of the American Chemical Society, Prof. G. F. Huttig will speak on the subject “Reactions Between Solids”. Professor Huttig, who is a well known Czechoslovakian chemist from the University of Prague, recently addressed the American Chemical Society at its Pittsburgh meeting. He has had wide experience in the teaching of inorganic, analytical and physical chemistry. His research work has been concerned mainly with physical chemistry problems.
Student Union Paper Gains In Influence Claim 25f000 Subscribers in 200 Colleges; Begin High School Organization This Year
This column is the first in a series of articles written by Mr. Serwer, Washington correspondent of the Exponent and the Associated Collegiate Press, who is now touring the east and middlewest in search of special background material for his weekly stories from Washington. By ARNOLD SERWER (Associated Collegiate Press Correspondent) New York, N. Y.—The Student Advocate, organ of the American Student Union, is expected to be an even mote important influence on liberal student opinion this year than it was last, in the opinion of Joseph Lash, national executive secretary of the Union, whom I interviewed here. One factor that will make this possible, according to Mr. Lash, is the recent endorsement of the next peace strike by the YWCA and other church affiliated youth and student groups. Last year the American Student Union and the Student Advocate bore the entire burden of sponsoring and planning a nationwide peace strike against war that brought out a half million student strikers. Now, with cooperating groups sharing the burden of the organization of the 1937 strike, the Union will be free to drive for thousands of new members, place additional emphasis on its efforts on behalf of academic freedom, and again fight Fascism on the campus and strive for abolition of the R. 0. T. C. 20,000 Strong Mr. Lash claims the Student Advocate’s paid-up subscribers total 25,000. The Union’s membeisliip be puts at 20,000, scattered through 200 colleges and university chap-
ters. This year he expects the Union to begin organizing chapters in the high schools. Fifty thousand subscribers is the Advocate’s goal for the coming year. Although the Union is the result of a joining of forces between the National Student League, a student group with Communistic leanings, and the League for Industrial Democracy’s student chapters, which were of Socialistic temper, its organ, the Advocate, is hardly more “radical” than the Y. W. C. A. It steers clear of agitation for the socialization of society or for collectivism. By abandoning party tenets and party creeds that differ, the Communist and Socialist elements in the Union, along with later liberal additions, have been able to present an unbroken front against forces they have labelled reactionary. “Our chief responsibility,” says young Mr. Lash, in speaking of the way in which opposing factions in the Union had put aside partisanship, “has been to the student movement.” Former L. 1. D. He is himself a former L. I. D. member, whereas James Wechslor, now editor of the Student Advocate, was in the National Student League. In 1932 Lash took his M. A. at Columbia, following a B. A. earlier from the CoUege of the City of New York. Wechslor received a (Continued on page 4)
Student Forum WiR Meet To Discuss Economics The weekly Student Forum will be held tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock in the reception room of the Union. This meeting will be the fifth of a series of forums sponsored each week by the Purdue Religious Council. Mr. T. K. Noss, of the Education Department, will have charge of the discussion which will have as a subject, “Present Economic Problems.”
Potters Elect John Franks Members To Choose Secondary Officers Later John Pranks, of Cary Hall East, was elected president of Green Potters last night at a meeting held in the Memorial Union Building. Ward Fenstermaker, president of Skull and Crescent, presided over the gathering. Freshmen answered the call with such enthusiasm that an overflowing crowd attended. Due to this fact, time passed too quickly so that all officers were not elected. It is expected that with John Franks presiding, the vice president and secretary will be chosen at the next meeting.
PIA Skit Shop To Hold Trials Choose Cast For ‘‘Common Clay” Tomorrow Skit Shop, sponsored by P. I. A. will hold try-outs for a humorous satirical skit, “Common Clay,” in th^e Tower Room tomorrow at 4 o’clock. The play will be'presented at the Independents’ party November 4. The skit is not a musical, but the lines are arranged so that their rythm and rhyme are outstanding in such a way that a novel and humorous effect is produced. This production will be coached by Prof. P. E. Lull of the English department. “Skit Shop,” which is under the direction of Wilson White, A. A. Radkey, and Loretta Van Rie, will not atempt to produce long or difficult plays but will confine their productions to skits and humorous sketches.
PIA Tea Dance Today At 4:15 Bud Bryant and his campus orchestra will furnish the music for the first P. I. A. tea dance in the U®ion ballroom this afternoon from 4:15 until 6 o’clock. Since the many dances gives last year were so successful, the plan is to follow much the same program throughout both semesters of this year. Only members of the P. I. A. who show their cards will be admitted. Mary Humphreys and Robert Schlundt are in charge of the dance.
Military Band WiU Perform At Chicago Boilermaker Mnsiciaiis WiU Present Several New Novelties The University’s justly famous ‘All-American’ military band, wMcb has been increased to 142 pieces, will make its annual trek to Chicago Saturday to provide a colorful sidelight to the forty-second renewal of the Purdue-Chicago gridiron series at Stagg field. The Boilermaker alphabetical musicians, noted for their intricate letter marching formations, will perform both befqre the game and between the halves, presenting a number of brand new novelties in honor of the occasion. Since the time back in 1910, when Prof. P. S. Emrick, director, originated the first letter formation ever to appear on the gridiron, Purdue’s band has been recognized as a leader in seting both the musical and marching standards for bands all over the country. Last fall, at the time of the Pur-due-Northwestern night game at Evanston, the Boilermaker musicians presented an illuminated performance that attracted nationwide acclaim. In addition, for the past two successive years, the Purdue band has won top honors at the Kentucky Derby Festival at Louisville, Ky., being awarded the cup as “the best college band in the parade,” competing with the best collegiate combinations in the entire country, including those from Indiana University and the University of Kentucky. Rival Drums The rivalry between Purdue and Chicago on the gridiron, which has been extended through an unbroken span of years since 1898, has extended even to the size of the big bass drums of the rival bands. For some years, the Purdue drum, with a head of seven fpet in diameter, was the largest in the world, but today it is the second largest, as the Maroon musicians finally managed to construct a drum slightly larger. The band will leave here on a special train early Saturday morning, accompanied by students and rooters, bound for the game that will bring the string of successive Purdue-Chicago games to a close, as the two teams will not meet next year for the first time in 40 years.
Radio Club Elects Officers For Year Jerry Bernstein, W9TPR, president of the club, presided over a meeting of the Radio club last night in the reception room of the Union. Larry Baley, W9JSG, and Paul Ford, W9MQV, were elected vice president and secretary-ti'easurer, respectively. During the meeting plans were made to build equipment for operating the club’s station, WOYB, on the amateur code bands. Discussion of five meter radio led to the establishment of a nightly round table discussion on the air at 7 o'clock every night for those who have their own equipment. After the meeting, Bernstein explained the operation of the present equipment in possession of the club to the new members. A knowledge of this must be had to obtain a key to the station. Mr. S. G. Lutz, W9TJB, an E. E. graduate student, is sponsor of the club.
^ New Tennis Courts Ready For Use Concrete for the last of the ten new tennis courts east of the stadium on Northwestern Avenue was poured yesterday. The courts, fom: of which are doubles and six singles will be available for play in a few days. The four doubles and three of the singles are already dry. This addition should relieve the congestion and demand for courts that has heretofore been so troublesome. A noteworthy advantage of the concrete court is its availability for playing in all kinds of weath^. In case of rain, it can be made ready for play within an hour by merely sweeping off the water.
The whole Wofford College football squad was jailed temporarily at Martinsville, Virginia, because one of the members tried to swipe a “noparking” sign as a souvenir.
Fair and Cooler
By Tempy The Expoaeat Weath» Mease The coaching staff is hoping for favorable weather Saturday for the Chicago game. I'll have to have “favorable” weather of another kind if I’m going to get to Chicago for the game. I'll have to rain firom now till Saturday so the highways will be flooded. Then with a good prevailing wind, I can hoist my tadl like a sail and ride smoothly to Chicago. However, it looks like FH he out of luck for today will he fiir and cool with rising tempmmtiire^A
l^ge Two
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, October 14, 1936^
Student Union Elections
For several years the Student Union has been mentioned whenever campus politics or the merit system in activities have been discussed. With its popular election of juniors and its questionable board elections, the Union has undeniably earned much of the criticism it has received. Let’s go back to fundamentals. The main purpose of elections in a standard activity is to replace the outgoing officials. The aim in such elections is, or should be, to select the men who will most capably fill these vacancies. The only way to judge the capabilities of the various candidates is by their records. Potential possibilities should be taken ihto account also, but they are not nearly as important as the record of past performances. Election on this basis places the activity on the so-called “merit system.” Every honest organization should earnestly aspire to this ideal. In the Union election system there are three things which keep it off the merit system list: (1) popular elections, (2) election of junior vice-presidents by schools, and (3) politics in board elections of seniors. The Union has honestly attempted to ialleviate some of these faults, but as yet has lacked the courage or the incentive to take a real step toward their correction. There is no reason why vice-presidents should be chosen by popular vote, but there is a reason why the popular system should be abolished. The best man may not be the most popular man, and voters have no way of knowing who the best men are. Although the Union board elects a very few of its Outstanding candidates who did not receive sufficient student support, there are still men in office who do not deserve to be there. There is undoubtedly much politics in the popular elections; under the present board election system there would still be politics; but under an improved board system, politics would be entirely eliminated or at least kept to a minimum. The only argument for retention of the selection of vice-presidents by schools is that it makes for better choices in the popular voting. With popular elections eliminated, this sole argument would be destroyed. And there are other objections Which are sufficiently well-founded to cause the abolition of the school election. Quite often there are a number of good candidates from the same school, while at the same time in another school there may be no candidates worthy of consideration. Yet under the present system, at least one bad candidate is certain to be chosen and one or more good men to be omitted in this situation. This case is not at all unusual; it crops up almost every year. And also every year there is a situation in which a poor candidate is chosen by his classma,tes while the better man is either selected later by the board or left out in the cold, Now we come to the board elections themselves. ' In many instances the board has chosen wisely, in fact, probably in a majority of the elections confronting it. Possibly in a few of these “wise” choices the facts would show that the strongest candidate politically may have been tjie best candidate as well. But it is a fact that politics is a prominent factor in many, if not most. Union board elections. How is this to be overcome? That is a question to which no entirely satisfactory answer has as yet been presented, but there are answers available that would at least decrease the political aspects of these elections. The Exponent has found that a board composed only of seniors and faculty has eliminated politics entirely from its elections. On the other hand, the Debris, with only three senior officers, claims that an all-senior board may make mistakes, even though politics would play ho part. For want of a better solution of the Union’s problem, I suggest a trial of the following proposal: all board elections will give seniors, juniors, and faculty voting privileges. The juniors will be asked to submit recommendations and will have one vote each. The seniors and faculty advisors will give great consideration to the jimior recommendations, but will have two votes each in the election itself. Thus an unanimous senior-faculty vote could put any man into office or prevent any man from going into office. A closed meeting of senior and' faculty electors alone should be held prior to the election in order to discuss each candidate and consider recommendations. It is admitted that this system is not perfect, but
(Kht ^urbut exponent
Founded in 1883 I
1936 Member 1937 Pbsocided Ooliediote Press
Distributors of
GDlle6iflte Di6est
Member of National College Preas Association, Big Ten Editorial Association, ExelusiTely Representedf by National Advertising Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year: delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year : sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Busfness Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF Kditor-in-Chief W, T. Hunt Managing Editor... ......E- H. Morris Associate Editors K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
fliMrts Editor..—--i^Boeiate Sports Editors...
SPORTS STAFF
... ...L. D. Wood W. H. Fifleld, S. R. Griffiths,
R. F, Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF Bnsiness Manager National Advertising Manager..... Local Advertising Manager Ofrculation Manager..........
..R. J. Hulse _Li H. Brown D. O, Miller J. P. Girard
WOMEN’S STAFF Ndltor.....;— : , .Helen Creech Advertising Manager..— .—.....Betty Barnett Aaaoeiate Editors.— Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke
Issne Editor—J. R. Clark
it would go a long way toward bettering the conditions now existing. Action leading to the adoption of the proposals presented in this article can come in two ways: the Student Union board itself can adopt them, or the executive board of the Student Federation can recommend that the changes be adopted and hound the Union until the desired action is taken. Before the Union nominations and elections next Spring, a definite attempt will be made to push through these changes, with any additions or corrections which time may show to be necessary or advisable.
The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers.
INfotes Of A Freshman
To the Editor: Purdue supposedly has a tradition of no smoking on the campus and the Student Senate has passed a law to that effect, but some of the professors offer you cigarettes. Although I smoke, I can hardly admire anyone who wilfully breaks a time-honored proposition. On coming out of the entrance the other day Psaw a blue print sign, “Be a Forester, nbt an Ag!” Why this partiality ? Further down State Street I saw another sign on a post and evidently it had been put up by Foresters and torn down by Ags, replaced and torn down again and then repeated several times, each time removing a bit of the sign. It was on the ground then, but many nails and bits of blue showed where it had been. Being neither, this is an impartial standpoint. The Exponent has many versified columns and news and I especially like the very liberal-viewed editorials. —-Charles F. Adams.
l & lack -
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those oj the writer.
Caste System
We in this country are prone to congratulate ourselves on the absence of a caste system and of definite class levels. But this is a false belief, as class strife is coming to the front day by day. Today we hav^ two definite class systems, which are quite closely related—social and economic. The blue-bloods top the social-order, and tenaciously cling to their position. Between them and the lowest group there are scores of intermediate societies. The millionaires top the economic groups, and again there are scores of levels between them and the people on relief. I do not want to infer that it is impossible to change from one level to another. Everyqne knows many instances in which this has been done, most particularly in the economic class system. There is a definite relationship between the two systems, as attested by the fact that very few rich persons are ordinarily in the upper social crust as well. The point I want to make is that these classes hang together in the main rather closely, resisting attempts to break into them with considerable success, particularly in the social castes. A-man whose ancestors came over in the Mayflower or soon thereafter will always hold himself above those with less conspicuous lineage, and the man with a million will quite often look down on the man with only a hundred thousand, and so on. The mere fact that these levels do exist and that it is possible to rise provides an incentive for many people. If there were no such system, it is unlikely that so many would strive so hard to rise socially and/or economically.
Hi ho peoples . . . as a follow up on the MARS contest held last tFeek we find that TRUITT, the villain, took advan!tage of poor 1hel|;de8B —little EVA SPEAKER during a certain aeroplane ride this summer —it is said that this same TRUITT, while on a blind date with little EVA took an aeroplane spin:—tip in the high altitudes TRUITT told her that one of his ambitions was to kiss a beautiful woman in an aeroplane—Eva not hearing what STU had to say leaned closer and was promptly kissed—Tut Tut and he has his pin out-^that goes to show you . . . CARY VAUGHN is that way about the “flying Irishman,” MIKE MURPHY—for some reason she just can’t get him to tumble and no one seems to want to help her—she attended an informal party the other night with CHUCK COE at which MIKE also appeared, but as luck would have it she didn’t even get a knockdown ...
RAY BLOCKER has been giving GINNY McFARLAND the merry run-around where a certain young “home town” gal is concerned-—so MAC with a determined smile figured that two could play just as well as one—so now BLOCKER is playing second fiddle to a certain Alpha Chi . . . little FRANKIE EASTBURN who has been making a very prominent fish of a certain fi gam is now taking it upon the chin for her fi gam decided to come out of hibernation the other night and took Kappa HIXON to the fi gam dance at Wabash . . .
Nothing is so obscure as the obvious.—DeKruif.
Charm is the chloroform that makes every operation in life painless.—Eva Le Verka,
I don’t know what tomorrow will be like. But I do know this. It will be different from today.—Henry Ford. '
Back in the ’70’s at Penn State, the permission of the president as well as the approval of the Dean of Women was necessary to secure a date with a co-ed.
I have no sympathy for young men coming out of college who say there is no place for them.—-Samuel M. Vauclain.
We always make the mistake of thinking man a rational, intellectual animal.—Clarence Dairrow.
It is in times of economic distress such as we exr perience everywhere today that one sees very clearly the strength of moral forces that live in a people.Dr. Albert Einstein.
1.
2. Establish student SELF-Government. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Modify the Student election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
The Phi Sigma Kappas are taking it on the chin—especially BENNY HENSLER AND BUD PENCE— BENNY joined the sack holders club when Theta pledge KELSAY returned his jewelry to him (one pin in particular)—in the meantime PENCE planked his hardware upon Alpha Xi, EDNA SCHWAB— EDNA couldn’t be satisfied with just one Phi Sig pin so she grabs the returned pin of HENSLER’S— the boys who made a little bet with PENCE that PENCE’S pin would not get off its appropriate roost for at least a year now collect— that year isn’t up yet ...
MARS CONTEST MARS Announcements for a new Contest will be held in this column Thursday morning ... keep your eyes and ears open my children . . .
AL SMITH, distinguished student in the ME school, and thief of the Alpha Xi DUMMY, is holding out for a reward—^he has become tired of his newly acquired bedpartne’’
WITH DON AMECHE KENT TAYLOR Pauline FREDERICK Jane DARWELL Katherine DeMILLE
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday
FREDDIE BARTHOLOMEW JACKIE COOPER
‘The Devil Is a Sissy”
The honey fn the briar keeps the pipe sweet. >.H!gh*efficlency Condenser cleons, pulifles 'smoke. Traps moisture. Noclog* ging. No trouble. Prove itypurselfl'
We carry a full line of YELLO BOLE PIPES SOUTHWOBTH’S
‘What if I AM engaged? I can go out with Mr. Bascomb— HE’S married!”
LAST TIMES TODAY WASAOVlfifi!
pIVE liES ■hearti
KaiiFRANQS GEORGE BRENT ROLAND. YOUNG ULTMC/ltNOWLES
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday LEW AYRES
“Murder With Pictures” and RALPH BELLAMY “The Man Who Lived Twice”
New MAIN
Big- Double Feature Now Playing
DICK POWELL MARION DAVIES EDWARD EVERET HORTON CHARLES RUGGLES
‘HEARTS DIVIDED”
Plus Second Feature “THREE OF A KIND” with CHICK CHANDLER EVELYN KNAPP BURTON CHURCHILL
A R€
LAST TIMES TODAY SHIRLEY TEMPLE
in
' “CURLY TOP
— and —
ALLEN MOWBRAY
9>
in
“Night Life of the Gods’
FAMILY
LAST TIMES TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE JANE WITHERS
‘Little Miss Nobody’ and GLORIA STUART
‘The Grime of Dr. Forbes”
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday WILLIAM GARGAN
“Alibi for Murder” and CHARLES STARRETT
‘Code of the Range”
Read The Exponent
PURDUE BAND
SPECIAL TRAIN • to Chicago and Return
account
FOOTBALL GAME Purdue vs. Chicajo [Saturday, 0ctober|l7
SCHEDULE Leave Lafayette - Arrive Englewood Arrive Chicago - -
GOING - 7:00 A.M. - 9 :45 A. M. - 10:00 A.M.
SCHEDULE Leave Chicago , - Leave Englewood Arrive Lafayette -
RETURNING - - 11:59 P.M. - - 12:14 P.M. - - 3:00 A.M.
$040
2
Round Trip
FOLLOW YOUR TEAM
Travel By Train in Safety and Comfort
For further information call L. D. WOODi Ticket Agent Phone 6701y'^tlfSi *1 ■i
)f'it
■"Sf^
i,’
rr''''ns^'*-%-T’‘'’T’’^
Wednesday, October 14,1936
l-Hfi PUK^)UE EXPONENT
ielder’s.... choice ■■ByBob Walpoloi ^ i ii^< • Our pet peeve . . . where are all of the letters indicating penalties that are supposed to he placed on the score board immediately following a team error ... ? ? ? —-fc— We sat down last night to write one of the longest columns in our existence about how the score board had continued to fail to show these corresponding letters to penalties . . . then, we dropped into the football practice to learn that one of the letters had been used Saturday for an offside penalty... —fc— Nevertheless, we are still on our high horse ... we did not see the letter go up . . . perhaps it did, so we can’t say that the score board isn’t supplied with the proper equipment ... we would like to see one of these letters sometime, though, and perhaps it wouldn’t be out of place to leave it up for a few plays following the penalty . . . —fc— Without the aid of this penalty indicator at least two-thirds of the spectators loose track of the entire play . . . some know the official’s signals, but those few are in the minority compared to the large number who do not follow football so closely ... —^fc— We have one more home gamp to witness as a student . . . and we.
along with a large number of Purdue dads and In^ana students will be watching for those indications five weeks from Saturday . . . —^fc— The Boilermaker cross-country team will play host to Butler this afternoon ... last year Butler’s men finished one, three,^five, seven, and nine, \i^hile Purdue ended two, four, six, eight and ten ...
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS TODAY, 4:18 O’CLOCK Beng or Hebbler vs. Green or Gardner. Blessing vs. Oberle or Boksenbom. Alexander vs. Magnussen or Woodson. Schroder vs. Kuebler or Tillson. Svendsen vs Brodsky or Cooiier. Pontius vs. Plapp or Puenter. Winter vs. Lown or Wildish. Meihaus vs. Kaufman or Peterson. Richardson vs. Buenting or Bremer. Lownie vs. Johnson or Kerwin. 5:00 O’CLOCK Blitz vs. Billings or Frasier. Moses or Tabshey vs. Lentz or Gehrke. Meyer vs Hircbert. Frye vs. Foxworthy or Frazier. Chapline vs Scott or Wilkins
Indiana Prepares For Nebraska Saturday Bloomington, Ind., Oct. 13—Staging a spirited workout against the freshmen squad, the Indiana university football team today showed renewed vigor and hope in its preparation for the Nebraska game on next Saturday at Lincoln, a tussle which will be one of the standout gridiron attractions in the middlewest.
The literary influence is once more injected into athletics by a student at Marquette, James Fenimore Cooper, a football man.
Moleskin Pants Senior or|Gray Cords Fancy Sox Handkerchiefs
CORDUROY COAT $5.98 SUEDE JACKET Gray or Brown $4.48 to $7.48 $3.98 $2.98 15c . 10c to 25c
Reliable Clothing Store
224 Main St.
Purdue Memorial Union GRILL-LOUNGE Wednesday, October 14,1936 MEHU
Serving 7:30 a. ni.-12:00 Breakfast Noon Lunch Evening Dinner 7:30-11:00 11:30-1:00 5:30-7:30
35c Special Plate Lunch 35c Wednesday Noon Roast Leg of Spring Lamb, Mint Jelly Mashed Potatoes ’ Braised Celery Hot Luncheon Roll and Butter Coffee Tea Milk
Also complete breakfast, dinner and fountain service. “A-1 quality,” fast, courteous service and reasonable prices.
Varsity Tries Pass Defense McShechy Dislocates Shoulder in Practice Last night the varsity practice was taken up with tackling practice the timing of plays, and pass defence against the freshmen. In the backfield Kizer had the same combination he started against Ohio U. and Wisconsin. During the tackling practice, J. R. McSheehy dislocated his left shoulder and had to be taken to the dressing room to have it replaced. McSheehy has had trouble with this same arm before. Credit Purdue can lay the credit for the two victories so far this year to the fact that the Boilermaker team has been showing some real teamwork. The backs have carried the ball across the goal line more times in the first two games of this season than it was carried for the whole season last year. But the backs have to have holes to go through, and the line has been providing them with plenty of space through which they can travel. This week-end the varsity will journey to Chicago for their second Big Ten encounter, and, we hope, their second victory.
NOTICES. No noticos accopted after 8 p. m.
Physics—Condition examination for physics 1, 2, 21, and 22 will be held October 17 from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 103, Physics Bldg —ABBOTT.
A. S. M. E.—^Mechanicals who have not yet signed up for membejrship may do so in G. A. Young’s office —WELDY.
Sigma Delta Chi—Important meeting at 7 p. m. Oct. 16 in 'Uie Union. —HUNT,
Discussion Group—Meeting Oct 14 at 7:30 p. m in room 1 Subject is “Mechanics of Boredom”. —KUEHN
FsK^ntree eeesiSSmmm
Chess Club—^First round matches of the Chess club tournament must be played off by Oct. 16 or be forfeited. —STALLINGS Phi Tau Sigma—Important meeting Oct. 14 at 7 30 p. m. in the Phi Gam house Be there —WAIT.
Basic Students—Those desiring to remove a grade of C in Mil. Tr. 2, report to undersigned in adjutant’s office. Armory, before noon, Oct. 24 —HAYFORD
Alpha Phi Omega—Meeting Oct. 14 in room A, Union All members be present —KUECK. Freshman Co-eds—Sign up in W S. G A office Oct. 13 after 4 p. m for freshman tour of library on Oct. 14 at 4 p m. —PITTMAN.
Catalyst Club—Important business meeting at 7 p m. Oct. 15 at the S. A. E. house. Keys will be distributed. —STROM.
Virginia C. Meredith Club—^Meet in Home Economics Auditorium at 4 Oct. 14. Everyone invited. —WIEN.
Independents—^Those who signed up for radio stage and others interested in radio stage or skit shop will be required to meet in tower room Uct. 15 at 4 o-’clock. —WHITE
Independents—^Tryout and first rehearsal of P. I A.’s 'Tune Shop (see front page) will be held tonight. Men and women interested in modern vocal arrangements are urged to attend Oct. 14 in tower room. —WHITE.
Men’s Lockers—^Men who have lockers in main locker room and are not using them please turn keys in to intramural office and receive your $2 00 —CLEVE'TT.
Y. W. C. A. Outdoor Group—Meet in office Oct 14 at 4 for hike —PELL.
Engineering Lectures — Freajiman engineers will meet for engineering lectures Oct. 15 at 11 a m. by divisions as followg ‘ division A, lecture room, Michael Golden Shops; division B, lecture room, E E. Bldg , division C, lecture room, M E. Bldg (in two groups); division D, lecture room, G. E. Bldg. —KNAPP.
Alpha Lambda Delta—^Tour at 4 through library for freshman and transfer students. —PITTMAN.
W. A. A. Archery—Tourney at 4 Oct. 14 Be prompt. —BOEHM.
Union Sophomores—Our committees will meet in the Union workshop at 4 p. m Oct 14 —RIETH, SCATTERDAY.
Union Sophomores — My committee will meet in the Union office at 4 p m. Oct 14 —PFORZHEIMER.
Union Sophomores—^My committee report to Rieth in the Union workshop at 4 P. m Oct. 14. —STALLINGS.
Independents—^All interested in debating or Beveridge cup contest must see Don Housekeeper, phone 8009, as soon as possible. Independents entering Beveridge contest must sign up with him. —WHITE.
Scabbard and Blade—No meeting Oct. 14. —BAKER.
Pi Tan Sigma—^Important meeting of actives and pledges Oct. 14 at 7:30 at Phi Gam house. —WAIT.
W. S. G. A. Executive Board—^Meet in W. S. G A. office Oct. 14 at 7:16 p. m. All members please be present. —COPELAND.
Ceres—^Meeting Oct. 14 In Union lobby. —WARREN. Ce-ed Tennis—^Hiese games must be played before Oct. 16 :B. Barnes vs. M. Long, F. Beickle vs. B Barnes, M Walker vs. M. Jenkins, R. Jackson vs. L. Thompson, R. Randall vs. G. Walker, M. Mathec vs. E. Thomas, M. Wilson vs. M. Kidd, G. Elliott vs M. DeWitt, A. Breitwiser vs. M. Pell, L. Mills vs. C. Forman, M. Mohler vs. B. Pickett, B; Kernel vs. M. Stocker. —RIETH.
Faculty Members Urged To Make Use OfTheirGymnasium By Bill Fifield Faculty members are again reminded of the faculty gym on the third floor of the Recitation Building. During the last two weeks practically every other day has been unfit for outdoor sports. With the winter months just a few weeks off, the profs are urged to make used of the well-outfitted gym that has been placed at their disposal. As the gym is reserved for the faculty alone, keys must be obtained at the intramural office for the outer door and for the lockers. There is no charge for either key. The only articles that are not furnished are towels and gym clothes. Popular Sports Handball and Squash seem to be the most popular sports among the members now using the gym. There are three courts that m'ay be used for either handball or squash. Reservations for the courts may be made by calling 2876. Besides the courts, there are numerous exercising devices such as rings, chinbar, rowing machine, reducing belt, and medicine ball. For golf enthusiasts there is a golf range for driving and one for putting. Here is a good chance for the golfer to practice on rainy days and get ahead of his nearest rival. There are also wrestling and boxing mats. The gym is available any time of the day, but men using it before four o’clock are requested not to shout or knock their racquets on the floor. Men planning to use the courts after 4:00 p. m. should make reservations ahead of time as the courts are usually full.
Coach A. A. Stagg, the “grand old man” of football, was an end on the first All-American team, in 1889.
’TOUCHBALL GAMES TODAY. 4 :M O’CLOCK Field 1— ^Acacia V8. Alpha Gamma RIw, Official, Mangas. 2— Beta Theta Pi vs Delta Chi. Official, Ganlke. 3— Jlelta Sigma Lambda vs. Delta Tan Delta. Official, Hamilton. 4— ^Delta Upsilon vs. Kappa Delta Rho, Official, Kerber. 5— -Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Delta Theta. Official, Bartling. 6— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Pi Phi, OfiTIcial, Latter. 7— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Official, Beck 8— ^Pirathon vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon or Theta Xi. Official, Spencer.
Lambda Chi Alpha Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity announces the pledging of A. Swope of West Lafayette and A. W. Stauder of Chicago.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Plat top desk, just like new at MOORE’S COLONIAL MARKET, 220 No. Fifth Street.
Lost—One billfold, bearing identification “N. W. Merrill, StoUey Brothers, Oakland, California and Indianapolis, Indiana,” containing Transportation Cards now void to any holder. The finder may return anonymously to Box 225 of this paper. Reward.
Lost—One brat, answers to ‘Robert,” acts like one, but doesn’t have long ears. Call 55062.
We Carry a Full Line of FRANK MEDICO PIPES ‘Deac” H. G. REISNER
The Original Radio
SALE
49c Elenzo Antiseptle Mouth Wash, 16-oz, 2 for 50c 76c Rexall Theatrical ColdCr., 1-lb. 2 for 76c 39c Milk of Magnesia Tooth Paste 2 for 40c 26c Rexall Shaving Cream 2 for 26c 60c Ilasol Skin Lotion 2 for 61c 26c Stag Powder for Men 2 for 26c 60c Elenzo Cocoannt Oil Shampoo 2 for 51c 3&C Stag Brushless Shaving Cr. 2 for'BOe 10c Bouquet Ramee Toilet Soap 2 for 11c 75c Stag Hair and Scalp Tonic 2 for 76c 35c Jasmine Beauty Creams 2 for 36c
THIS COUPON SAVES49g ON TOOTH PASTE
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday October 14,15,16 and 17
«SAVE with SAFETY)) at your
Schnaible Drus Co 117 East Side Square
. SOFTBALL Tffday SJsWa w, Tm Katm KpK«ppa vs Faeal^, Chi f—Sigma Chi vs, Taa Epsilim Phi ^Triangle v«. 'Theta Ta^ Lambda. ^^~~AJpha. Tan Omega vs. KttppM. Sigma.
Archery Instmetloii Now Availahle To Men Free instruction in archery is now available to university men. The instruction is held every afterof the intramui:al field. The eouiti.. for this da,, bows and 3 targets.
300 TICKETS $1.00 1,000 for $2 Other Printing Priced Low KANE’S PRINT SHOP 401 S. 29th Phone 5205
The Risk Dental Qinic dr PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J, BISK dr. ROBERT G. RISK dr. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
FRESHMAN LEARNS SMOKING SECRET
BIU.PO THEY6IVE A COURSE IN MAGIC AROUND HERE ?
....HOW YOU upper CLAS#> I MEN GET SO MUCH ENJOYMENT OUT OF YOUR PlPES^J
DON^TAKE A COURSE. GETAIOAD OF THIS.
ftlG^FROSH.t WHEN YOuVE BEEN here a WHILE you'll KNOW EDCCMromHJAj IS the esfl COLLEGE MANS ^ SMOKE :f;
MILD DOWN TO THE HEEL
A TIN
"Celtophatu^ | mopped
VALUE FOR 10^ ... and one inside white pavafiBn mapper fitom a tin of Eiigewotth Jr. We make this aiwaaing offer of a $1.00 English Type Folding Pouch in Rep Cloth with Rah-. berixed Liner for only lOft and ono wrapper just to persuade you to try Ed^wortih Jr. B«ar a Un of Edgeworth Jr. today. Tako out the inside wrapper. Send the wrapper and your dime together with tbia eoupon (or wrlto your name, eollege and addresa on tbe wrapper}—and we will asnd your pouch inr. mediately. <hdy.onet»a euatoemm. SKSIML QFFik
Laima a Bro. Co., Ridhaead, Va. Eaelased Bad 10|i aad one inside uhiie iptaffn wrapper hem a tin of Edgeworth Jr,, for wbieh sead me #1.00 vaine silk tabsneo pondk in aqr^ eollege eolocs, WamaiLii AiiMiwWiii 1,1 11 . -I— I —
■
s Ma*
imaiiiamsaaaaaimsaipail
)
. Jf
, ' f
Pngfe Four
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, October 14, 1936
CO-ED
AGE...
Page Editor—^Margaret Nelson
Co-ed Announcers
Divided By Groups
Radio announcing is an activity which has been gaining prominence among the co-eds well as the eds. The co-ed staff has been divided into three groups. These are the regulars, consisting of Alice ParIon, Georgia Elliott, Doris Ellen McCartney, Ruth Moore, and Mary Wien; the probation announcers, Jane Anderson, Elizabeth Abel, Jennie Bosco, Marian Kristjanson, and Fay O’Banion, and the freshman announcers, Edith Martin and Wilma Mahill. These girls announce all of the Home Economics programs, and certain other programs throughout
the day.
When football men at the U. of Mississippi go around “boo-ing” its nottoiazz. They voted Bing Crosby as their favorite i adio star not long ago.
Be Sure of Heat This Winter
SPERB .. Phone 2777
Hardware 822 Main
Was Such A Sweet Thing^’—
The Chi O Canine
“And hims was such a sweet thing” was the way Tickey Theiss expressed her sentiments yesterday morning. All the other girls in the house felt the same w^y about him. No, it wasn’t another one of Theiss’ passing fancies. Hes was none other than “Winsome”, the newly acquired dog of the Chi Omega house. The cause for all the sighing was his departure. His rightful owner claimed him.
Beginning To get to the beginning of the story, Mary Helen Theiss and Phyllis Ciossman rescued him from the University dog pound Monday. Winsome was a brown Irish Setter and not more than three months of age. The two girls proudly presented him to the sisters, and he was accepted as a member of the household. He was allowed to wander from one end of the house to the other. Much studying was interrupted, but when it was a question of dog or study, why of course dog won. A collection of blankets was made. Winsome was not permitted to accompany the girls to the dorm, but he did have a very nice bed in the smoking room. End Contrary to expectations, no whining was heard during the night. In fact, the nearest thing to it was heard yesterday when Winsome departed.
Sport Oxfords
Just the Thing for Campus and Street Wear
AAA to B Widths
BUDGET SHOES — DOWNSTAIRS LOEB & lIENE CO.
RCA VICTOR SENTINEL
GRUNOW - ERLA ADMIRAL RADIOS
RADIOS
5 Tube Laydon, 2 Band
$18.95
Largest stock and assortment of radios in Lafayette, priced up to $200.00.
C. B. Klinker Sales Co.
827 Main St.
Phone 7950
Alpha Lambda Delta Sponsors Library Tour
Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman honorary sorority, is again sponsoring a tour of the library for freshman and transfer women. At foi;^ this afternoon in the main lobby of the library, these girls will be met by a member of Alpha Lambda Delta and a member of the Library stalf.
Gold Digger’s Dance Tickets Go On Sale
Dorothy Martinet, chairman of the W. S. G. A. social committee, stated that the tickets for the GoldDiggers’ dance, October 23, will be on sale this week at the Union desk, at all the sorority houses and at the Women’s Residence Hall. The tickets will sell for a dollar. Music for the evening will be furnished by Ted Nering’s orchestra.
Mr. Ulmer Lectures On Architecture
Mr. C. Paul Ulmer, technical assistant with the research housing bureau at the University, addressed the art section of the Purdue Women’s club yesterday on the subject “Modern Architecture”. Mr. Ulmer supplemented his lecture with slides illustrating both the good and bad points of architecture, European as well as American, showing many public and domestic buildings.
Student Union Paper Gains In Influence (Continued from page 1)
Archers Meet
Today At 4
Sponsored this year by Indiana University, the second annual intercollegiate archery tournament for college women will be held todlaty, tomorrow and Fridayl at 4 o’clock. A team of four girls from each college, and one individual will compete, sending their final scores to Indiana University. A regular Columbia Round, consisting of twenty-four arrows from distances of thirty, forty and fifty yards will be shot each afternoon. Last year the university placed second in the meet.
Miss Marion Russell, faculty advisor, and Irene Boehm, W. A. A. head of archery, have charge of the local program.
Cross-Country Run To Test Greeks Oct. 27
Boilermaker harriers will run against Butler on the University’s three-mile course today at 4 o’clock. The start and finish will be at the Stadium. There are three more meets this month. The Gold and Black harriers will run at Chicago, October 17, (tentative). October 24th, the team will be host to a strong Indiana squad. The last scheduled meet is with Illinois at Champaign on October 31st. All of these meets will provide stiff competition for the cross-country team.
B. A. from Columbia a year and a half ago. While at Columbia, Wechslor edited the Columbia Spectator, !becoming a thorn in the side of Nicholas Murray Butler by expounding various social notions that horrified conservative Columbia alumni and faculty members. He wrote a book called “Revolt on the Campus” which caused widespread comment among students everywhere. Now he and Mr. Lash are collaborating on a new book concerning the awakening of the American campus. On the basis of their joint experience with the American Student Union and the Student Advocate, they certainly should not lack matprial.
Cross-Country Team Faces
Butler Here Today
An interfraternity cross-country run of two and one-half miles will be held October 27 on the track surrounding the Intramural Field. The distance to be run is equal to three times around the Intramural track. The fraternities which have runners place in the meet will be given points yrhile the winners will be awarded individual medals.
Women Bowlers
Take Over Alleys; 63 Co-eds Enroll
Down to the sub-basement go all the co-eds to bowl. Yes, bowling has taken the campus by storm, and there are already sixty-three co-eds enrolled in regular classes, thus far the classes have been rather few, but the director of the Women’s Physical Education department has been trying to arrange more in order to accommodate all the women who are inter-
ested in bowling. A word of encour&gement for those who are yet to become adept in the art. Did you know that in Germany and other European countries fiagged alleys are used? Imagine trying to bowl smoothly down one of those rough pathways. 152 is the highest score yet rolled by a co-ed. Here are a few of the better bowlers: Betty Barnett, Jean Russell, Blanche Kernel, Margaret Ritchey, Ruth Wiley and Jean Whitney. Tournament practice is expected to begin sometime the latter part of this week. Tournaments will be conducted According to the standard rules and regulations, so go down and watch the girls “roll them.”
The University of North Carolina’s football team, organized in 1888, was the first to use the forward pass. They defeated Georgia with a pass and a 70 yard run in 1895.
Alpha Lambdar Delta To Initiate Eight
Alpha Lambda Delta, the freshman honorary fraternity for distinguished co-eds, will hold initiation Sunday morning, October 18, at 8:30 in the Memorial Union Building. The initiation services will he followed by a breakfast. The following will be initiated: Virginia Ruth Bland, Alice Breitweiser, Caroline Hosier, Katherine Pultz, Elizabeth Russell, Janette Shaffer, Marjorie Swaffer, and Mrs. Oblad.
Unorganized Co-Eds Divided Into Wards
For Intramural Sports
All unorganized girls who want to participate in intramural sports are being divided into jvards by their place of residence. The division lines for these wards are: Ward 1. west of campus between State and University Streets; Ward 2. north of Wiggins St., and east of the campus; Ward 3. south of Wiggins and east of the river, including all of Salisbury and Littleton streets; Ward 4. rural routes and Lafayette. Intramural managers for these wards are: Ward 1, Florence Belke; Ward 2, Louise Harry; Ward 3, Dorothy Newman; Ward 4, Annabelle Smith; W. R. H., Margaret Mathes. Mary Humphreys will post a diagram of the wards on the bulletin board in the gym for those who are in doubt as to their ward.
For Your Next Dance Plan to Have
Gold and Black Aces
Under the Direction of
Ken Ebershoff ‘Treat Your Feet to Rhythm Sweet’*
Malaska Out
Of Hospital
Pat Malaska, popular athletic star, was discharged from the St. Elizabeth hospital yesterday morning. Pat has been a patient at the hospital since he was severely burned on his feet and legs at the Ross Engineering Camp with six other members of the Boilermaker Varsity squad. His condition for a time was considered critical but gradually the burns started to heal and he was declared out of danger. Since Malaska’s discharge. Decker is the only member left in the hospital. He is expected to be there another two weeks.
WBAA TODAY
11:00—American Institutions, Prof. B. Phillips, classroom lecture. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes, Bob Woodworth, 12:00—^Farm Facts, T. R. Johnston. 11:16—Luncheon Dance Music, Dedicated to Theta Xi. 12 '30—Melody Time, Adeline Hayes, Soprano 12:45—Noon Musicale. 1:00—Meditations, Rev. Leslie Hawton, Otterbein. 1:1B—Better Expression, “Methods of Speech Improvement", M. D Steer. 1:30'—Vocational Guidance, Dr. J. E. Walters. 1:46—Markets, J. R. Hays 2:00—Weather Reports & Current Events. 2:16—Musical Album, Martha Smith, Soprano. 2:30—Songs & Melodies. 2:46—Story Time, Mis. Waltha Wade, from Lafayette city schools. 3:00—Jefferson High School Program. 8:30—Afternoon Musicale, Harry Gutridge. Guitar. 8:45—Representation from speech department of Jefferson high school under the direction of Mr. Rogers.
.. .j^r Your
The Union Club
To make Mother’s, Father’s, Sweetheart’s, or Friend’s visit to the campus as enjoyable as possible, make early reservations for them at the UNION CLUB.
The UNION CLUB is especially interested in furnishing your guests the accommodations that will make their stay on the campus more pleasant.
The Purdue Memorial Union
Corner of the Campus—Center of Activity