f f J -f t
7mn
ll /
©he l?urj£iuc TSxpanent
A'(‘j
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII L.L.L ll _!_u
T
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 17, 1937
NUMBER 117 eseaatssammmast
ROTC Cadets Are Prepared For Tonight’s Performance With the entire brigade going through maneuvers in a final dress reharsal at Corps Day yesterday, the 1937 Military Carnival is ready for presentation tonight at 7 o^clock Last minute preparations have been completed; seating arrangements have been made; and tonight 1,700 of the country’s best “soldiers” will engage in sham battles, mass calisthenics, and exhibitions for the entertainment of more than 2,000 spectators. Parking According to announcements,, parking Will be prohibited in the area south of the University Armory, but will be allowed on nearby streets. All spectators are advised to be at the Armory promptly at 7 o’clock, as regimental maneuvers will block all entrances after that time. The program planned for this year’s Carnival is even more spectacular than that of the 1935 Carnival. Machine gun defense of a truck drawn battery of 75mm. guns attacked by the enemy will be shown in a battle scene second to none in the history of Purdue Military Carnivals. An exhibition of mass calisthenics by 500 white gloved cadets, their movements perfectly synchronized to band music, will demonstrate the perfection of the Corps’ discipline and the means taken to provide physical exercise for the cadets. See page 3 for program.
Conservation Club To Present Motion Pictures In Color Tomorrow evening at 8 p. m. in the auditorium of Morton School, the West Lafayette Conservation Club will sponsor the presentation of natural color motion pictures of scenes m outdoor Wisconsin, taken by Fred Goldsmith, who operates a boys’ camp in Wisconsin during the summer. It was through this activity that he became interested in colored motion-pictures.^ The meeting is open to the public.
Dr. Bryan, lU Prexy For 35 Years, Resigns Dr. William Lowe Bryan, nationally known figure in the field of education, and president of Indiana University for the last 35 years, resigned yesterday from his position at that institution. The actual time for the resignation to become effective has not yet been decided upon, but the board of trustees has already given him the title of president emeritus. The Indiana University board of trustees plan to confer with prominent alumni while selecting a successor to Dr. Bryan.
Steel-Girded Skeleton
Triangle Pledges Triangle fiatornity announces the pledging of C. H Morrison of Sparta, 111.
March 17, 1937 WHAT happens when professors get downright impatient can be best illustrated by an incident that occurred recently at the University of Kentucky. It appears that too many students signed up for Dr. Punkhauser’s course in heredity . . —30— SINCE the course was limited to juniors and seniors, the names of all sophomores, who had scrawled their names on the list, were scratched off . .. but still the enrollment was well above 100, and something had to be done . . . —30—, CONSEQUENTLY, Dr. Funkhauser announced at the first session of the class, “I’ll warn you students from the beginning that I’m a boring lecturer. This class is made up of lectures entirely. The first half of the course is very dry and technical—with many scientific names —30— THE seating arrangements are Very unsatisfactory. Most of you won’t be able to see the blackboard, and diagrams oh the board are a very important part of all my lectures. If you’re nearsighted, there IS little hope for you . . . —30— “THE grades are based entirely upon the hard examination at the end of the course, and you sink or swim. I have no mercy. Now . . . do I see any volunteers who would be willing to drop the course?” ... Not a soul stirred from his seat! —30— ' AT San Jose State College a “Giant’s Club” has been organized for males who stand at least six feet four inches in their stocking leet. To date, there are only 12 members and, of course, the tallest member is the president, , , . II I—30 1.. THE editor of Scribners says that writers should possess grit... he must be interpreted by those censored news stand magazines as meaning that they should have a lot of dirt . . .
G. E. Sends Interviewer M. L. Frederick, of the General Electric Co., of Schenectady, N. Y., arrjved on the campus yesterday for a two-day visit, to interview prospective seniors regarding positions in business administration with the General Electric Co. offices at Bridgeport, Conn., and Schenectady, N. Y.' The only students attending the in+e views we^’e those interested m bu'-iness administration. F’^derick has been interviewing students el other univers’t es, and will continue on to Indiana, DePauw and other schools on his way back to Schenectady.
Field-House Materializes
Murphy Speaks On Spain Before Tau Beta Pi; Award Key Tau Beta Pi, engineering honorary, held its monthly meeting last night in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. Prof. C. B. Murphy, of the history, economics, and government department, spoke on “The Spanish Situation.” Professor Murphy enumerated the various causes of the present condition in Spain. Robert Lloyd, senior mechanical, was presenteii with a gold key in recognition of his outstanding scholastic record.
By Hugh Forster A dieam becomes a reality' Those few woyds tell what is taking place on the field directly across from Cary Hall Purdue’s Fieldhouse, long a fond dream m the minds of students, faculty, and alumni, is now taking shape. Its massive gray steel girdeis and columns are reaching upward. Two of the giant arches already havf> been swung into place How the finished structure will look can only be imagined by the crowds of onlookers who watch the “steel monkeys” each day as they wrestle with beams while dangling precarioi sly from the cable of a stiff-leg del rick At pie^ent the steel woik is be-
ing held together temporal ily by bolts When the skeleton has been assembled, riveteis will crawl over the structure and fasten the joints permanently Watching the construction has become a hobby for a great numbei of Cary Hall bojra. Some, whose looms aie on the third floor, prefer to remain in their rooms and watch the steel workers instead of going to class A gieat many students have been attiacted to the site by a desire to see engineering mechanics in practice, while a great many others have been urged to watch the “steel spectacle” by instructors who hope their students will get some practical information.
ChE Department To Offer Photography Course Next Year Because of an increasing demand for a knowledge of photography by industrial concerns, as well as the student body, the chemical engineering department will offer for the first time next semester a student course covering both the theory and practice of photography. Two secrions will be given for as many students as limited dark room facilities and camera supplies permit. The course will not be limited to any school, but may be chosen as an elective by any student in the viniversity. Instruction will be divided into two parts. The first half, under the supervision of the chemical engineering staff, will deal with the theory of optics, lenses, development, fixation, V/ashing, etc. The second half is to be conducted by Dr. E. J. Kohl, of the biology department, and will consist of laboratory practice based on the fundamental operations of printing, de■''^elopment, enlarging, lantern slide making, and color photography. One lecture period and two threehour lab periods a week will be included in the three hour credit course. Applicants should see Dr. Kohl as soon as possible, for popular demand indicates that the Wo sections will be unable to accommodate all the students interested in photography.
Mrs. Johnston Operated On At Local Hospital Mrs. T. R. Johnston, wife of the University publicity director, is confined to the St. Elizabeth Hospital, having undergone an operation yesterday afternoon. Her condition is reported to be good, but visitors are not permitted to see her.
Bull Session Now Travels Through Campus Airlanes By Don Paarlberg The first long-range bull-session system is in operation here on the Purdue campus. R. W. Curry, W. T. Fullenwider, and D. M. Crabtree have hooked up Culture Hall on Sheetz street and the Young residence on Main street with a 25 watt amplifier and a miclophone, and are going on the air with the famous Purdue bull-session which means open forum on everything from soup to nuts. Come Into The Open Long confined to the study room, bull-sessions thus come into the open with all the dignity of electrical engineering to back them up. The enthusiastic pioneers predict early organization of the bull-ses-sion business, and envision a campus- wide hookup that is expected to contribute largely to the higher edu-, cation of the Purdue student.
G. B. Enders Speaks To 250 Two hundred and fifty science students, and others interested, gathered in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building at the allscience dinner last night to heai Gordon B. Enders, well-known authority on Asia, give a talk on “Reincarnation In Tibet.” Enders will talk over WBAA this morning at 11, as a guest of Professor Phillips’ government 10 class. He will remain on the campus until this evening.
POMM Pledges 6 Juniors; 3 Seiiiors The following students were initiated into the Purdue Order of Military Merit yesterday afternoon: Juniors—Ewing, P. B; Hokanson, A. H.; Minnick, A. E.; Maahs, C. E.; Reinhard, N. K.; Vanderford, J. Seniors—^Hartman, R. A.; Scholer; W; Hooper, W. T.
Cotillion Band Will Feature Marge Hudson Marge Hudson, famous as the “singing artists’ model” will be the featured vocalist with Carl “Deacon” Moore and his orchestra at the Sophomore Cotillion from 9 till 1 o’clock Friday night in the Memorial Union Building ballroom. Marge is of the dark-haired, exotic, Spanish type of beauty, and will be assisted in the vocalizing by Munson Compton, lyric tenor. “Deacon” Moore, himself, is well known in New York City and the East as a “Will Rogefs” type of humorist, and claims authorship of three song hits: “Bye Bye Blues,” “Saint James Infirmary,” and “Ding Dong Daddy.” An ei^tirely new decorative theme has been devised for the benefit of Cotillion dancers. The whole north end of the balhoom will be covered with a black velvet curtain. In the centei cf the curtain a large white skull and crescent are mounted, the crescen* is upright, to the left of the skull, and has its points turned toward the skull.
Frosh Burn Pots Early This Morning Led by Johnny Franks, president of the Green Potters, about 250 freshmen swarmed onto Stewart Field early this morning ih their traditional pot-burning ceremonies. Activities began around 9:30 when the frosh started their crusade to get all fraternity classmates out of the houses. Trouble arose at the Phi Gam house and several of the lower classmen were slightly cut up in the melee that followed. Pi K A sophomores strove valiantly to restrain the plebes, but their efforts were in vain as the’■freshmen climbed out onto the roof and down the trees to the ground. Traditionally the freshmen burn their pots, symbols of the imderlings, on St. Patrick’s day. Following the style set by the class of ’39, the class of ’40 burned their pots as soon as possible, about 12:10 a. m. today. The affair was quite orderly and no intentional violence was done.
Amelia Plans Takeoff On 27,000 Mile Flight Today Oakland, Calif., Mar. 17^—^(By Special Wire)—A stagnant area of bad weather, that has been hanging stubbornly off the Cafifoarnla coui for nearly two weeks, balking two attempts by Pan-American Airways to fly its regular westward schedules across the Pacific, was clearing up rapidly this morning with every indication that conditions will be ideal this afternoon for Amelia Earhart’s round-the-world takeoff. The woman flyer and her three men companions, Paul Mantz, relief pilot; Harry Manning, radio operator; and Fred Noonan, navigator, will have plenty of company on the 2,410-mile initial leg of her globecircling journey since two of PanAmerican’s giant clippers are scheduled to take off at approximately the same time on the overnight flight to Honolulu. Both Miss Earhart and officials of the airline, however, deprecate any suggestion of a “race” between the three planes that will be flying to Hawaii simultaneously. Nevertheless, there is a good prospect that her 200-mile-an-hour Wasp motored Lockheed Electra Purdue “Flying Laboratory” land plane will leave Oakland airport after the Clippers’ departure from their Almeda base, and beat them into Honolulu by a good margin.
Senior Snoopers Dirt Box Crammed; Almost Stolen Too many persons decided to help the SS ’37s gather material for the Senior Snoopers Dinner which will be held Thursday, March 18, at 6 p. m. in the home economics cafeteria. Campus people stuffed the asbestos lined young vault that was the “dirt box” full in a short time —and then tried to steal it. So the chief Senior Snooper rescued the treasure chest, rejoicing in its entertaining contents, and left the rest of the information getting to her talented crew of fact finders No masquerade devices will be employed at the informal dinner. The Snoops will appear as ordinary mortals, and not all of them will reveal their identities even at the dinner. Only a few tickets are left for the all senior women get-together. Remaining tickets are on sale at the Memorial Uwon desk, but will be withdrawn at 6 o’clock this evening. Myjsteries, secrets, “razz,” and fun are promised for the inauguration of the only senior co-ed affair on the campus. The SS ’37s have expressed a hope that interested junior women will arrange similar affairs for next year, carrying on the work of the Senior Snoopers of ’37 under the name SS ’38s.
Debate Men Contest U. Of Alabama T earn Meinert Magnussen and Robert Sasser, of the University negative debate squad, met Francis Osborn and Thomas Adair, affirmative debaters for the University of Alabama, in a non-decision debate m the auditorium of the Home Economics Building last night. Robert Horn, of the University speech department, acted as chairman of the match. Magnussen and Sasser maintained that the NRA, the only practical example of minimum wages and maximum hours, was a failure, and that since the plan offered by the affirmative side was similar it would not work. NRA Did Other Things The affirmative team held that its plan was not similar to the NRA, because the NRA did many other things instead of only setting minimum wages and maximum hours. Osborn and Adair also asserted that fixing minimum wages would affect only 10 per cent of the employers in industry today and thus would not raise the cost of living.
Marge Hudson, dark haired “singing artists’ model” who will sing with “Deacon” Moore’s band at the sophomore Cotillion Friday night.
Flashing green lights form eyes of the skull, while two flaming red torches are mounted beside the skull. Two Union committees are building the backdrop, and they have constructed a new wooden frnme for it. The new hardwood bandstand, that was first used at Gold Peppers Dance, will be in service Friday night at the Cotillion,
Social Service Group Plan Hike Saturday For Cary Home Children Children from Cary Home and co-eds in the Y. W. C# A. social service group are planning a hike for Saturday afternoon. The Umversity women will meet in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building at 2:00 o’clock. Dorothy Bryant is in charge of arrangements.
Vogler Talks Thursday L. M. Vogler, of the United States Soil Conservation Department will talk at a meeting of the Agronomy Club tomonow afternoon at 4:1b o’clock in Agricultural Hall. The Agionomy Clwb invites all students and faculty members to attend thia meeting.
PENALTY DATES
During the present semester there are two penalty dates. They are from noon March 26 to noon Mardi 27 and April S> These days represent the 24rhour periods before and after the Spring Recess. Executive Memorandum: No excuse will be granted prior to any absence on penalty days. Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake, may file with the President a certified detailed statement explaining the case within seven days following the close of the recess petitioning for exemption ficom the disciplinary payment. Penalty Rule: Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the 24 hours (not including Satwo day afternoon nor Sunday) im-' mediately pre«eddng or ing an authorised hediday or re<»ss shall pay to tbo CNmhier an extra fw of ^CMl fw each 24 hour pmnod or ftaoHwa thereof missed, M,L, FISRRR^ Dean of
^3 i-S
%
%/
i
■ i,.C . ^ St Nf^ v rtl-^^
/a
THE PURBHE EXPONENT
.Wednesday, March 1*?, 103^ 8BS9BSSiXSS8S&SBnBn9BSnM
{ri^e Puriiue exponent
VMiiica in IMS
1
NBPRtMNTSD eon NATIONAi. ADVBHTIOINB BY National Advertising Service, Inc CMtg* PMisktrt Itepr«sentativ* 480 Madison AvK. new York N.Y. CHICAOO • BOSTON • SAN FRANCISCO UOS ANOELK* • POETUANO • SEAtTLE
Bnterod as soeond elass matter at the post office, Lafayrtt^Indian^ maU, tS •• psr TW! deilYered by carrier, >2.50 per year; sold ^ a single copy, t eenta.
Business Phone 6038
OFFICii—«12 North Fifth Street
£!ditorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University EDITORIAL BOARD OP CONTROL R J Hulse, chairman, Helen Creech, E H Moms, L D Wood
EDITORIAL STAFF
_ . J5 H. Morris
5f^“ti^at!f “k. a Barnrt^"j. E. Brwk, A. H. ForsW, R. V.
Sophomore Assistants W. M. Anthony. D A Bailey J. A. Chapin. J R OlMk
L S Hardin, C. D Schroeder, a I. S^back, D. R. Vmco
E H KelloKic, K. E O’Neil J C Ohaver
Bold and Black Editor
BUSINESS STAFF n t n i Business Mana»er - _ _ _ »• J ^ise National Adsertwine Manager _ — - ^TI r - - - w J Su,l.n Fe 'c 'E.wa cISutS - - "r C BobhS. F T S.,..n
Editor — Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF , r, w .i L D Wood W H Fifield, S R Griffiths, R F Obenchain
Editor — Associate Eklitors AdTertisiag Manager
WOMEN’S STAFF Helen Creech Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke _ _ _ __ Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—D. L. Olson
Just One Of The Fellows We nominate William H. Winterrowd, Purdue ’07, as the most inspiring and impressive speaker on the University campus this year, for his talk m G. E 103 class the other day Drawing from his personal experience in working up to the vice-presidency of a large railway supply company, Winterrowd recommended continual study both of books and man, and study of cultural as well as of technical subjects, as a means of advancement. Thinking ahead, courage, quick action, profit from the experience of other men, courtesy, neatness in personal appearance, interest and enthusiasm in one’s work, tact, dignity, and honesty were expressed and illustrated as means of getting the most out of one’s job and out of life It was not so much the subject matter of Winterrowd’s talk however, that made it stand out from other lectures, as it was themanner of presentation. Winterrowd was not a stern lecturer dealing out facts to a group of uninterested students—he was another one of the fellows telling the rest of the group in a straight-from-the-shoulder way, how they might advance themselves. He made each student in the class, consisting mostly of seniors, feel that he was talking to that student personally—and every one of them listened. We can think of no man whom we would recommend more readily as a speaker for one of the freshman engineering lectures or for any gathering of the first year students than William H. Winterrowd —R. P. M
The Passing Of Hell Week Increasing trends toward the modification and abolishment of the period of physical chastisement to which pledges of various fraternities are subjected are shown in recent reports from many of the nation’s colleges and universities. As has been recognized for several years, hell week is definitely on the way out, but the process of elimination seems to be speeding up. Hell week and its related initiation practices were voted against by 99 out of 120 students returning ballots in the early stages of a poll conducted by the Evergreen, daily newspaper of the State College of Washington. Sixty per cent of the persons disagreeing with hell week actions were fraternity men, 20 per cent were independents, and the rest stated no affiliations. Representative opinions of the students in favor of abolishing hell week indicated that the practices of the period are not compatible with the life of students seeking higher education All but one of the presidents of fraternities contacted by the Kentucky Kernel, newspaper of the University of Kentucky, were opposed to the physical punishment inflicted upon the pledges during the training period. The sentiment there is changing from a desire for a period in which pledges would undergo physical and mental mistreatment to a demand for a probation week of instruction. The University of California student paper reports that the fraternities of that coast institution favor a campus-wide abolition of hell week. Only 18 of the 48 organizations want to keep the active initiation program Nine of the houses have already eliminated hell week, while 19 others exercise only modified forms of pledging ceremonies At the University of Minnesota, only five of the 30 Greek men’s organizations retain the old-fashioned violence of hell week, while eight of the fraternities have abolished the practice altogether, and 17 foUow modified systems of “raising Cain.” ) Occasionally sorrowful results come from prankish acts resorted to during hell week. Some years back a fraternity pledges were blindfolded, and made to feel sharp nails in a track, and his head was sheared from his body by an unexpected locomotive. An Ohio University pledge, a few years ago became ravingly insane after being chained to a cross’in a graveyard. At Massachusetts Institute of Technology only recently the pledges were ][)lindfolded and made to feel sharp nails in a board which was put at the bottom of £^step ladder on which they were forced to stand. The blindfold was removed, and the freshmen were allowed to see the studded board before the command to jump was given. One pledge, obeying the order, jumped and fainted dead away before his feet touched the points—^made of tinfoil. Most of the movements toward abolishing hell week bear out decisions reached by the National Interfratemity Council at its 28th annual session, in November. The local chapters of the Greek organizations and the individual colleges, also, are taking to heart a resolution passed by that council which stated, in part, “The conference recognizes that the customs and traditions which prevail on any campus are determined by public opinion on that campus, and not by the national organizations of our fraternities; nor is any national fraternity able to prescribe for its own chapter action which can become effective only through agreement of all chapters on that campus supported by public opinion.”—^R. P. M.
COLUMN by divisions ter day . . PART ONE BY THE “DIRTY DIGETS OF DESTINY” . . . PART TWO BY THE “STUUGE” PART ONE DARK DANK DIRT ! ! . . . . Flash! Flash! POP @‘?)&(|:| ()? BOOM! Still Flash—Go to press! Seen after the Union Show—^“Sugar Daddy,” DAVE WHITE seated in cab—^waiting for BLANCHE KERNEL later seen basking in night life at Lamb’s . OH boy! proving that she is now a full fledged chorine FOO' JOE MIHAL is once again a woman hater, after being stood up, last Saturday night by JEANNE BEEMER in favoi of a Phi Delt pin Says JOE, “Nuts to all women ” POME There was a Theta named ALICE Who sought for DICK CRAIG with malice, After retu nmg his ^in, Ovei a bottle of gm It seems that there no longer is malice And at Gold Peppers again they were seen So now she thinks she’s his queen YE GODS, ALICE Phi Deltville, Ind ,— John L Louis, Piesident of the United Mine Workers announced today that the sit down strike between MINER (JOE) and “MIM” DECKER has ended in collective bargaining, and also that they are again seen in public together . . . ODDITIES IN THE NEWS— MARY ED JOHNSTON of theatrical fame seems to be two-tim-ing She was seen with BOB SCHLENDORF last Saturday night What seems to be the matter, BUD ’ GEORGE CLAYPOLE, blond Union vice-prexy, was seen in Wheeler’s early Sunday morning (2 a*ln.) carrying a pair of blue slacks, a tux collar, and a white tie. Can you explain this, GEORGE? PART TWO ATTENSHUN!!— Step right up. Ladies and Gentlpeople—^you are about to witness the sensation of the yeai—the carnival—everything IS set— IF— they don’t get their ever-changing signals mixed at the last moment The silly semors are at it again .... this time it’s the mystic organization, SS ’37 . . the dignified (?) co-eds gather for the sole purpose of learning the wiles and methods of the old maid . . I guess they have given up trying to snare a husband, and gossip’s the next best thing . . . THE WRH GOOD-NIGHT Other loves have warmed our hearts And chilled our blood e’er this. And we, my love, will love again And know another’s kiss. E’er this love dies, then, let it live In soaring, mad, delight! Let’s know the bliss true love can give' What’s that? You won’t! Good night! —Swiped. The latest on the blouse front is the merger of Kappa Sig BURGESS pm with the key of ELLEN “Deacstooge” VAN HOESEN Happy landings' UNREQUITED LOVE—That of DU GODFREY for Debris beauty JESSIE GRAHAM he keeps her Debris photo atop his desk day and night For better results consult the P. I A Date Bureau —^paid ad. When the co-eds outdo the eds at Purdue—That’s News" The girls at the Gables keep two telescopes and a pair of field glasses in constant use, while the Triangles just across the alley have but one pair of binoculars . , . for shame, boys WHO—MARS—WHO Correct solutions in order are: MARION WINTERROWD TOMMY JOHNSTON ... G. A YOUNG DEAN POTTER . . . JEANNETTE SCUDDER CHARLES ANNING .. BLANCHE KERNEL ... DR. BRAY... HUGH MORRIS. .. The lucky winner was JOHN KANY . . .
WSGA To Nominate Other Candidates W S. G A. will hold a mass meeting ill the women's lounge of the Memorial Union Building this afternoon at 4 o’clock for the purpose of adding candidates, by floor nominations. Everyone attending must have schedule cards. Those who have been nominated previously are: president, Jeanne Janousek, Dorothy Martinet, and Virginia Slocum; treasurer, Georgianna Huber and Mary Townsend; secretary, Catherine Mounce and Maiy Cooley; junior representative, Sallj McKee and Betty Jo Sexton; sophomore representative, Treva Berry and Althea Jorgeson
Psychiatrist Will Talk At Marital Lecture Dr Lucia E. Tower, psychiatrist from Chicago, will be the speaker for the second of a series of maiital lectures in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 7 15 tonight Her talk will be on personal hygiene and related subjects These lectures aie sponsored by W S G A , and aie for senior women
Schilling Will Play For Weekly Mixer ^Saturday Louie Schilling and his campus band, with Ruth Giimm a^ vocalist, will play for the regulai Saturday night mixei m the Memorial Union ballioom The dance will be from 9 to 12 o’clock, and the regular price of one dollai will be charged
Alpha Chi Omega Alpha Chi Omegc, announces the election of the following ofiicers Cue Holden, president, Muriel Blakely, vice-president, Betty Zapf, secretary, Marjoiie Louis, treasurei, Bonnie Rabei, social chairman, and Frances Eastburn, rush captain
CANCELLATIONS
Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before Saturday noon, March 20th Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Office Assignments may be cancelled without grade after March 20th if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men . M L FISHER, Dean of Men
Family —LAST daydouble FEATURE
Dorothy Lamour ia “The Jungle Princess” —and— Jane Wyatt in ‘The Luckiest Girl in the World”
TOMOROW—PRI —SAT. Gene Autry in “Oh Suzanne” —ana— Maurice Chevalier in “Beloved Vagabond”
ARC LAST TIMES TODAY
ADDED ATTRACTIONS —and—■ Myrna Loy and Warner Baxter “ToMary-?WithLove”
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lieliiy
‘The neighbors object to Cadwell’s practicing at homp.”
Pardon Us! Four More Students Make Distinguished Foui University students who earned the Distinguished Student rating last semester were omitted from the list prepared by the registrar’s office Two names were mistakenly included in the same list Students with 5 00 rating or higher whose names were omitted from the list include J E Anderson, 5 35, Helen Louise Creech, 6.00; N H Hale, 5 03; and R E Scifres, 6 00
Triangle Officers Triangle fi-atcin,ty announces the election of the following officers: president, J. R. Murray; vice-presi-dent, J C Sanders; treasurer, R F Giiffenhagen recording secietary, B D Witwer, corresponding secretary, W. C. Prechter; house manager, R B Langohr; steward, W E Roby
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
AGRANDLOVBX STORY/, V
felaud-elie/, COLBERT ■ i Fred M^cMURRAV in Fra;nl< Lloyd’s MAID OF SALEM
Tomorrow Richard Dix Delores Del Rio Chester Morris in “Devil’s Playground’’
LUMA
LAST DAY
STARTING TOMORROW Gloria Stuart in “Girl Overboard” —and— Betty Furness In “Pair Warning”
Cameron Relates Story Of Publishing D A Camel on, promotion manager of the Bobbs Merril Publishing Co , of New York and Indianapolis will address the literature section of the Purdue Women’s Club today at 3 p m, in the faculty lounge of of the Memorial Union Building His subject will be “The Book Of Tomorrow,” the story of the publishing business The meeting is open to all faculty members and students interested in this subject
]
PINAL TIMES TODAY Victor McLa^len Preston Foster Ida Lupino In
tt
SEA DEVILS
II
STARTS TOMORROW BIG DOUBLE FEATURE 7%e moMt thrilling football drama in yearo!
'ith 8 eotlego start in tho plays that them great!
IV,Ih raiUP HUSTON JAMES GLEASON JUNE TRAVIS IRUCE CABOT
PLUS SECOND FEATURE The drama of America’s G-Men , as they make the nation safe! First Lafayette ShoiHngTSE POEDUE EXPONENT
Piggy Stresses Uniform Interpretation Of Rules At the recent college basketball coaches’ meeting in Chicago, a lengthy discusibn dohbei^h|#b tot <i in the interpretation of rulea by officials was brought to a close by Ward Lambert* Pufdlue’s veteran coach, in the form of a mo-
tion to formulate a set of uni-
fbimi pberpi^tati the coaches had complained that officials were not ^‘calling them” the sanie froin one game to another: After n quarter of an hour of discussion; however, the coaches decided that the whistle blowers iyere doing their best under the existing handicap of conflicting
interpretations.
Although numerous alterations were suggested, the only definite change was the elimination of the center- jump. The ‘three-second’ rule which prevents a player from remaining inside the center circle for more than, three secoSnids, was sure to be amended by a modification which would permit the player to remain in the half of the circle, nearest the center of the court whep not in possession of the ball. These appeared the only changes which would definitely be the result of this
year’s meeting.
Squash Squad To Play lAC Today In ludiauapolis The varsity squash squad will journey to Indianapolis today for their third meet of the year with the Indianapolis Athletic Club. Splitting the two previous meets by winning from the I. A. C. team on their home courts and losing the return match at Indianapolis, the Boilermakers after their recent decisive win over Illinois, are looking forward to today’s meet with the hopes of a victory. The team composed of Lucek, Sokolowski, Juve, Fields, Wakefield, Linn, Moses, and Jackson, will leave this^ afternoon for the capitol. A five man faculty team accompanies the varsity squad to play against some of the club’s members. ^
Not Too Late To Enroll Ballroom Dancing Classes Beginners’ Wed., March 17th i ADVANCED Thurs., Mdrch 18th 7:00 P.M. felt 6th and Feiry
GreeksPlay
Tomorrow The championship gpm^ of the Class A fraternity^basketball tourney to be held Thursday at 7:30 in the Memorial Gym will mark the third meeting of the Phi Kappa Psis and Sigma Pis. Defeated by the Phi Psis in the first game of the final round, the Sig Pis caipe back to win the first playoff game 30-23. The Phi Psis, victors in the winners’ bracket were undefeated up to this game, and needed only this victory to win the championship, while Sigma Pi, having already lost one game, had to win that and also the coming contest to be crowned champs. The Sig Pis football roster-like lineup with Zachary, Woltman, and Gift, should give the Phi Psis plenty of trouble. Carlson has been the shining light for the Phi Psis this season, having an average of 18 points per game, and they hope to repeat their championship conquest of. last year with his help.
Noss Speaks To Co-eds On ‘As Others See You’ Prof. T. K. Noss, of the .education department, talked on the subject, “As Others See You” at an open meeting for co-eds last night at 7 p. m. in the faculty. lounge of the Memorial Union Building. The Virginia C. Meredith club, sponsor of the meeting, held a short business session before the talk. The date of the All-home economics dihner was set for April 17.
fielder’s.... * ....choice lliMtfiipMBgBob’Watpole««ii^^ jiiEt aboiit all the talk of basketball is over, but let’s end the whole business with a probability of how the Big Ten will finish next year . . these guesses are based on the present sophomores and juniors ... it is much tPP early to figure on freshmen teams . . . —^fc—- " We’ll list the way that we believe tKfey will finish . . . then explain why . . . like this: ^ —fc—
Purdue
..... 10
2
Illmois
.... .. 10
2
Minnesota
. 10
2
Northwestern
8
4
Michigan ...........
. . .. ... 5
7
Indiana ...
. .. . .. 5
7
Iowa ..............
4
8
Wisconsin ........
4
8
■Ohio State .........
:: 3
9
Chicago
1
11
Lark-Horowitz Gains Post pn Pfeysics Teacher Dr. K. Lark-Horowitz, head of the University physics department has been appointed to the advisory committee on terminology, symbols, and abbreviations, of the American Physics Teacher.
«DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATIOIJi B. G. REISNER
Spring Days Ahead You’ll wear your hat with a jaunty air when we have put it through our amazingly effective cleaning and rejuvenating process. Not only is the felt cleaned of every spot arid seil but it’s restored to its original velvety soft appearance. Arid our expert reshaping puts back the style and snap you admired when your hat was new. Why not call us to pick up yopr hats .today v.West Side Cleaners “Indiana’s Most Modern Gleaning Plant” sta* ^ana 4«8t
. —fc— The Boilermakers lose two lettermen, but they have at least five reserves besides four of the first five that set the pace of 511 points this season . . . —fc— lllinois . . . lose Kiegel, but they still have Bodreau and Henry and a string of reserves ... ' ■ —^fc— ■. Minnesota . . . look for the Gophers to repeat . . . the, most scrappy team in the Conf erence with two high scoring forwards, namely Addington and Kundla ... also reserves. —^fc—• ■ ■ Northwestern . . . before conference play was started they looked to be the tops this season . . . they slipped, but even then, they have lost only two men ... also in their midst is the Sharpshooting McMichaels ... shall we put them in second position? —fc—^ Michigan ... believe they will tumble, but perhaps not. . . Townsend is the man to watch next year. —fc— Indiana . . .they lost Fechtman, and Huffman before the season was completed... now Gunning ... don’t look for much from Bloomington, but that’s O. K. for We’re prejudiced. ... ■ 5- . . ■—fc— ■ Iowa spurts and ster^^b^rt Nothing to worry about fortcoMerence honors ... ---fc— Wisconsin .. they outfought Purdue in the final game to ShoW that they can play ball, but they, too, are inconsistent.. . i ■ ■■ —fc-—■ Ohio State . .. picked by many to take the title this year, but " they didn’t click . . . they have some experience, yes, hilt they-lose their spark plug in Tippy Dye . . . ^ -fC-T-Chicago . . . again on the bottom but we’ll break down and give them credit for one game . . . something is wrong with Chicago . .. two consecutive years without a conference victory ... —fc—^ Ed Bluemel, co-captain of the track squad, will probably be unable to compete ih the remaining scheduled track meets, because of failure to pass a Metallurgy condition . . . '
IW’* W * Wm Qualifies Delta thVs W^rDetaDlay Qutweig'hed twenty-five pounds to a mEn the “Sammy’s” fought a losing fight last night when they met fiefeat at the hands of the Delta Chi’s 24 to 10, in the final game of the losers’ bracket of the class B interfraternity basketball tournament. The Delta Chi team had possision of the ball most of the time during the game, and on occasions exhibited some fine pass-woi’k in getting the ball under the basket. The Delta Chi’s will meet the Beta “B” team, winners of the winners’ bracket, and last year’s champions, Friday night to determine the winner of this year’s Class B basketball trophy. Both teams will average, about six feet tall and 186 pounds and are composed principally t)f varsity football men.
[ ■■ ■
Gne ArtlsteS^ill Attempt To Retain Last Y^’s Title Ptlrdue’s entrants in the imiraa] intercollegiate straight rail bitliaifd tourney will play tomorrow night in the Union Building. The meet, conducted by telegraph was won by the Boilermaker entry last year, and Purdue holds high hopes of retaining the trophy, donated by Noble Kizer, in their possession. Last year’s tournament brought out 55 teams, representing colleges and universities from all corners of the country. The results from the various teams will be sent to the Men’s Union at Bloomington, and will then be distributed^ The Purdue team will include M. H. Ingleman, P. H. Weiseman, D. M. Boatright, R. Kirkpatrick, and J. Shafer. Captain Miller, of the military department, will probably act as judge.
▼ SUBSCRIBE rO THE PURDUE EXPONENT NOW*
:/■
PROGRAM FOR MILITARY CARNIVAL 1. OVERTURE, by the Purdue Military Band. 2. PRESIDENT’S REVIEW, by the entire Brigade. 3. REGIMENTAL DRILL, a demonstration of the command system by the First Regiment and Battery A2. 4. EXHIBITION 155mm. HOWITZER DRILL, by four winning squads in recent competition. 5. CALISTHENIGS TO MUSIC, by the Fourth Regiment and Battery C2. 6. A defense AGAINST AN ARMORED CAR, by a selected 75mm. gun squad. 7. BATTERY DISMOUNTED DRILL, by Battery E2. 8. REGIMENTAL. PARADE, by the Tihrd Regiment and Battery B2 with all colors and guidons of the Brigade atached. 9. BATTLE SCENE, by Battery El. 10. THE RECRUIT’S NIGHTMARE, by the Purdue Zouaves. 11. ILLUMINATED MOUNTED DRILL, by eight truck drawn sections. • HAILPURDUE. THE NATIONAL ANTHEM, (the audience is requested to remain standing until the end of the playing of the National Anthem.)
SWm AS HONEY Sweet as a well-seasoned pipe, on the fir^ smoke I And the honey-curing keeps it sweet,, Special attachment suppUes (1) autol^tiqfree draft (2) double action condei^^The best pipe you can buy for $1. Nothing else has its flavor.
We Carry a Complete Assortment of H. G. (Dead REBNER
BigTenOltder Stars: kn the Big Ten and Padfie Coast eo^ feifenees was approved by the Western Conference athletic (firastots and track coaches Monday, Mardb 15, leaving the precipitation of the meet to the Pacific coast authorities'^^ who must give their approval. The Western Conference t^m is to be chosen from the first three contestants in the Big Ten outdoor meet, to be held at Michigan .during May, The all-star meet wiB be held at the University of California, on June 26, the week following the National Collegiate meet. Members of the conference planned to make it an annual affair, and to hold it at one of the Big Ten universities in 1938. They appointed Larry Snyder, Ohio State, chairman; and Uharles Hoyt, Michigan, and E. C. Hayes, Indiana, on the committee for the meet.
hMilM
CHIFFON and SERVICE
Even the stuzchest cd fin ARCHER Service and Chiffon styles axe eoe* quisitely clear and beautiful. That is why wommi who insist on beauty as wdl as service choose ARCHERS for everir occasion. 89c pair, 3 pair $2.50 $1.00 pair, 3 paii* $2.85 THIEME & WANGERIIf CO. West Side Square
WITH LASTEX BELTS
lOEB & M E NE GOMPANY
Regular $1M5 Values Hot News for the Man Who We planned this extraordinary sale last fall before prices took off for higher levels. Full cut apd well tailored, every pair of these pajamas was made to our own specifications in broadcloths that are truly sensational at this^^ price. They are available in both coat and slipover models. (NOTE) For your eonv^ienqe we have in? stalled a separate entrance at the West Side of the front, leading directly to bur newly enlarged Men’s Department. MIN’S FUIINISHIN^S Street Floor fYept
. J-'s f
Ur
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Junior Prom Regulations 1. Juniors and seniorsi as listed with the Registrar, will he the only undergraduate students allowed to purchase tickets. 2. Only twenty-five (25) tickets will be allotted to members of the University staff. The same regulations will apply to faculty ticket holders as to undergraduates. 8. In order that arrangements for out-of-town dates may be made, announcement if the distribution of tickets will be made^n or b^ore March 26. 4. Permits for tickets will be distributed starting Saturday, March 6, and will close Thursday, March 18. Permits will be issued daily during this period, from 4 until 5:30, excepting Saturdays, when the Student Senate office will be open from 1 until 5 o’clock. 5. Applicants will have personal pictures taken at the time they apply for permits. There will be no charge for pictures taken. 6. If the application is approved, it must be taken to the Cashier’s office, in the Executive Building, where applicant must sign permit in presence of the Cashier, attesting to the fact that he will be the sole user of the ticket. Applicant must then pay Cashier four dollars ($4.00), the price of the ticket, and receive a stamped receipt. This must be done before Tuesday, March 23. 7. Actual distribution of the tickets will begin on Tuesday, April 13, at which time the tickets will be given out by the Cashier in exchange for the receipt stub. 8. If the owner of the ticket does not coincide with the picture that is stamped on it, the individual will not be admitted to the dance, and the name of the original purchaser will be turned over to the Executive department of the University for disciplinary action. 9. In order that the affair may be kept strictly a Junior-senior dance, a suitable method of controlling pass-out checks will be used to insure against their transferal. It is hoped that there will be sufficient number of admission tickets available for all applicants.
BRING THEM IN
We Repair, Paint, and Overhaul anything that is automotive
AVTO BODY SiqOP
Just Across Brown Street Bridge
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
Lots of Books—Back Number magazines. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
Good Pirintmg—Painless prices Past service. Near as your phone. Call 5205. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 South 29th street.
Black Velvet Evening Wrap—Taken by mistake at Cary Hall Dance March 6. Will owner call Effie Smith 2926 and arrange for exchange.
Desire University Employed Girl —To share apartment with girl in similar position. Call 2502 day time or 6216 after 7 o’clock at night.
NOTICES No notices accepted after S p. m.
Organic Chemistry Conditions—Examination for the removal of conditions in Chemistry 29 and 107 will be held in room 101 of the Education Building at 1 p. m. April 10. Applications must be made at the General office in the Chemistiy Building before the Spring recess. —^NELSON. English and Speech Conditions—^Examinations for the removal of conditions in all courses in English will be held on Saturday, March ^0, at 1 p. m in room 201, Education Building. —CREEK
Military Training Conditions—An examination foi removal of C grades in Military Training 3, Motors, will be held in the supply room at the Armory, March 23, at 1 30 p m Students desiring to take this examination should report to Capt Hayfoi d before noon March 20 —HAYFORD.
Military Condition Examinations — Examinations for the removal of C grades in Military Training 3, topography, will be held in the instructors’ room. Armory, at 3 p. m, March 26. Students desiring to take this examination should report to Capt. Hayford in the adjutant’s office. Armory, before 4 p. m. March 24. —HAYFORD.
Prom Goers—Get permits by March 18 from Student Senate office —GRAHAM.
Sophomore, Junior Chemicals — Must choose your electives on or before March 20 for the coming year. This should be done in my office in Heavilon Hall. —BRAY.
< ttmetre Offteero—'Any second lieutenants of tiie Organised Reserve who wish to apply for one year of active duty with the Regular Army see me at the Armory before 4 p. m., March 24. —HAYFORD.
Sophomore Chemicals—^Return information cards to room 107 of Heavilon Hall before March 17. —LOVEtL.
Sophomore Chemicals—All expecting to make the inspection trip during spring vacation make deposit in room 107 of Heavilon Hall between 1 and 6:80 p. m. any day except Saturday. All deposits must be in by March 19. —LOVELIi.
Purdue Zouaves—Meeting March 17 at 4 p. m. Important. Everyone be there. —MURRAY.
Flying Club—^Important meeting in room A of the Union March 18 at 7 p. m. All members please attend. —SMITH.
Glider Club—Meeting will be March 18 at
7 p. m.
-O’NEAL.
Distinguished Students—Refunds are now available at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBEK
Chi Epsilon—r-iedging March 18 at 6:30 a. m. at bridge just west of 0. E Building. Actives and pledges are requested to be prompt. —KEENAN.
Festival Day—Will the following girls meet in the Women’s Gymnasium March 17 at 4 p. m.: Gaby Roe, Been DeVault, Betty Josselyn, June Young, Pauline George, Ruth Hall, Alice Harrington, Liby Barnes, Virginia Beck, Barbara Gibbs, Sally MaoDsiv mid, Jean Whitney, Mary Ellen Foresman, Dixie Gist, Fay Pendergrass, Florence Sequartz, Lucia Prentice, and Harriette Billings. —CREPPS
Flying Club—^Important meeting in room A of the Memorial Union Building March 18 at 7 p m. Election of officers All members please attend —SMITH.
Orchesis—General meeting March 17 at 7.30 p m in the Women’s Gym —PRENTICE
Horticulture Society—No meeting Maich 17 because of Military Carnival —SHEETS.
W. S. G. A —Short executive board meeting immediately following mass meeting. —COPELAND.
Individual Bowlers Tournament—^All students entered in the individual bowling tourney must turn their scores in to me by March 20 —STUCKY
W. A. A.—Primary for W. A. A. elections will be held at 4 p m March 19 —ARNOLD.
Independent Staff—Meeting March 17 at 4pm —MEACHAM.
Festival Day Dance Groups—Practice in Fowler Hall March 17 Scotch group at 4 p m , Irish group at 4 :30 p. m. —SMITH
Union Workers—The following committee will meet in the Union office at 4 p m March 17. —PERKINS.
1* I mster
Only the best in beauty treatments can bring the satisfactory results you want and deserve. Our more modern scientific methods plus the efficiency of trained workers gives you maximum advantages here at prices no greater. Phone for a convenient appointment and learn the difference. Permanent Wave including Shampoo and Finger Wave $3 50 and up Call early for appointment. KIENLY’S BEAUTY STUDIO
662 Main Street
Phone 7727
Union Workers—The following committees will meet in the Union workshop at 4 m March 17 —PUTZE, PFORZHEIMER
W. A. A.—All girls interested in helping with the winter spoiis spread call 7712 —JONES.
Military Students—^Entire corps will form on field east of Armory at 6:60 p. m. March 17 in positions occupied at Corps Day formation March 16 ^ —HAYFORD.
Alpha Phi Omega—^No meeting March 17 because of Military Carnival. —MERRIAM
Playshop Board—Meeting for old and new board members at 4 p. m. March 17. —BUBLITZ
Girl’s Glee Club—^Party for the Men’s Glee Club March 18 from 6:30 till 7:80 in rehearsal room. —BELL.
Kappa Kappa Gamma Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority announces the election of the following officers: Margaret Richey, president; Jeanne Hallam, secretary; Mary Ed Johnston, treasurer; Louise Bain, rush chairman; and Betty Painter, social chairman.
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. BISK DR. LUTHEl^ A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
CenvdidMi 1B7. Lkgrtik nmcToMocDCoi
.. .full measure of everything you want in a cigarette. At every stage . . . from tobacco farm to shipping room . . . Chesterfield’s job is to give you the refreshing mildness and delightful flavor that makes smoking a great pleasure. Experienced buyers see that Chest- . erfield tobaccos are MILD and RIPE.. . careful manufacturers see that they are blended to the exact Chesterfield formula. And they see that the cigarettes are made right.,. round, firm, just right to smoke. ,. .for the full measure of the good things you want in a cigarette we invite you to enjoy Chesterfield.