' 'h ' / "f"
>/ %-"'. V, 4i
r ii >
"J / v r' |i [I ’'f 4 I i
f ^
ijk *1
Purdue
Z-1IS
■HHH V Exponent
.. 4 S" V ‘"i A ^ ■<
Volunne 5L No. 133
Wednesdoy, Mberdi 13* 1940
Dr. F. B. Knight Addresses Pharmacists' Banquet “You are not merely druggists, but first a citizen and then a druggist!” Thus stated Dr. PrD. Knight in addressing those attending the Tenth Annual Druggists Banquet which was held in the South Union Ballroom last night. dee Club Sings .
Highlighting the introduction of D^. Knight and his speech on *'Customer. Druggist Relationship,” the University Glee Club directed by A1 Stewart presented a short and spirited rendition of several songs under an ever-changing shade of lights to suit changes in tempo. Among the songs were the club’s famous “Jeanny With the Light Brown Hair,” a medley of college songs, and the new Purdue Spiritual which has been heard on this^ campus only twice in the past. Program of the evening began with the introduction of Albert C. Pritz, recently elected president of the National Association of Retail Druggists, and many honored guests who had attended all of the annual conferences since their origin in 1930. Emphasizes Sincerity As chief speaker of the evening, Dr. Knight emphasized the importance of a friendly and sincere relationship between retailer and customer rather than one of rivalry or “hooking a sucker.” Illustrative of this was his callibg to attention of the change ,of attitude of big business towards its employees and the recognition of the interdependence prevailing between the two. Toastmaster for the occasion was Dean C. B. Jordan of the school of pharmacy. H. W. Heine, also? of the school of pharmacy paid the tribute to the honored guest and presented them with a certificate of attendance. As announced at thCj conclusion of the banquet the druggists will convene this morning at 9 o’clock to hear a discussion of “A Training Course for Drug Clerks” by Professor Heine. Choirs Will Present "Seven Last Words" “The Seven Last Words of Christ,” a sacred cantata by Theodore DuBois, will be presented in Eliza Fowler Hall on Tuesday and Wednesday nights, March 19 and 20, at 8:00 p. m. by the Concert and University Choirs under the directi(^ of A. P. Stewart. Accompanying the choirs, will be the Universfty orchestra, conducted by Joseph M. Ragains, and Rosemary Robinson, piano accompanist. The convocation marks the yearly observance of the Easter season by the University in cooperation with the Committee on Religious Convocations.
Prom Committee Meets Tomorrow To Choose Queen Prom queen, and Virginia Royce, prom committee chairman, together with their respective escorts will lead the grapd march at the prom next month. The fueen will be selected from a group of nominees tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 305 of the Union by the prom queen committee. The committee is composed of the following persons: Virginia Royce, chairman; Paul Cooper, Ann Sickman, Bob Insley, Margaret Saurer, Jerry Hinshaw, Rusty Layson, and Martin Estey. Two From Each Sorority Two co-eds have been nominated from each sorority, and four have been nominated from the residence halls. PIA members interested in competing for the crown must see Jane Meyer in the independent office. Those nominated are: Kappa Kappa Gamma, Jean Jones and Jane Haltom; Kappa Alpha Theta, Ruth Bryant and Yvonne Holden; Phi Mu, Mary Ruth Thornburg and Gladys Cox. Pi Beta Phi, Libby Funsett and Maltha Limpus; Chi Omega, Kay O’Leary and Victoria Milea; Delta Gamma, Betty Jane Smith and Ann Henderson; Residence Halls, Georgialee Weigel, Rosemary Feil, Jeanne Chandler, and Paula Zweirlein. Snapshot Contest Will End Tomorrow Tomorrow night will mark the end of the “Picture of the Month” contest which has been sponsored for the past five months by Debris, All pictures must be turned in at the Debris office before 5 o’clock if they aie to be eligible for the “Picture of the^Year” award. Winner of this month’s contest will be published in the Exponent next week. The winner of the “Picture of the Year” award will also be announced. The person submitting the winning picture will receive a 1940 Debris free of charge according to R. C. McNeil, Debris business manager.
Others Choose Queen, Soph's Choose 'Just TheTypical Couple'
By Donna Siess Yes, siree, the sophomores have done the unusual. In themselves they’re not unusual, they are on the whole—^just plain typical. But they are doing the far from typical thing. At Sophomore Cotillon Friday night members of Skull and Crescent win announce their pick of the sophomore class as the typical ed and the typical co-ed. Not a queen and not a handsome Lothario —not a brainstorm, nor an activities flash—^but a genuine t3q)ical sophomore couple. Hard To Find The typical person has been discussed from all angles, and many Views as to what his or her qualifications should be, have been pronounced. It’s really quite a job— and nb matter what the discussion,' it’s hard to get qualifications down to a definite this and that. As a standard. Skull and Crescent members have said that among the qualifications must be listed participation in activities, scholarship of, mediocrity, personality, and a nice personal appearance.
Tips on Typicals We’ve been doing some sleuthing on our own. According to one informant, typicals must be more or less in-betweeners. As to grades they should be average, personal appearance should be pleasing but not of the “make you look twice or thrice” kind. Personality should be definitely above semi. It’ll Be Different Another ed suggested that the typicals must be college joe’s or at® least people who do the typical thing at the typical time. It’s to be judged on an entirely different basis from the usual contest sort of affairs—they’re not to be beauty whizz bangs or have the other “marks of eligibility,” but are to be just plain typical. The couple chosen will be feted at Cotillon free and in addition will receive a super prize. Dancers will' also have a chance to see a tsrpical couple from Michigan. Perhaps at long last that ellusive definition or embodiment of the tjTpical will be explained to us.
J 8 Activity Leaders Plan Organizatioifi To Assist Students Heads of 18 campus organizations will meet this afternoon in the Union Erponent office at 4 p. m. to discuss the feasibility of conducting a drive to secure funds for aiding college students in the war-tom countries of Europe and the Far
East.
The drive was suggested recently to the Exponent by Hubert Reynolds, student pastor, who is interested in lining the University up with other universities of .the country which have successfully conducted similar ^drives. Those students composing the committee for consideration of the plan are: Vince Hruby, Herb Fishburs, James Shickel, P. H. Chin, Jerry Hinshaw, Lawrence Archibald, Bill Catterall, Frances Raebig, Catherine Cooley, Roy Swanson, Ken Garty, Henry Frazee, Ralph Reiley, Margaret Saurer, Gordon Belles, Bill Hensey, Margaret Mitchell, and R. E. Insley. Students May Trade Tickets For Virovai Concert Tomorrow Ticket exchanges for the regular convocation tomorrow and Friday nights, may be made at Prof. G. T. Gunn’s office in Purdue Hall tomorrow :^om 8 to 11 a. m. and from 1 to 4 p. m., or at Miss Stover’s office iri the recitation building, room 106. Robert Virovai, concert violinist, will be featured at the convo. Juniors, sophomores, townspeople, and staff members holding red tickets, will be admitted to tomorrow night’s program. Freshmen, seniors, and staff members, holding buff tickets, will be admitted Friday night. A limited number of single admissions are still available at one dollar. Robert Virovai, a conceit violinist, who was one of the most important musical discoveries of last season, has been solidly booked for a five months’ concert tour. Virovai made his debut with the New York Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra last November. He will be heard in more than sixty cities before his concert tour has ended. Camera Club Shows Student Photos In Music Room An exhibit of camera art, including over seventy pictures, is being shown this week in the music room of the Memorial Union. Contributors to the exhibit include guest amateurs from Lafayette and West Lafayette, "as well as members of the Camera Club, students, and faculty members. The display is open to the public. The pictures are divided into three divisions, the amateur division, the advanced amateur division, and the guest amateur and faculty division. R. E. Frost was the first prize winner in the landscape group in the first division with his picture “Boulder Dam” and Bob Strieby won second place with “O’er These Prison Walls.” Columns by R. E. Britt won in the miscellaneous group of the amateur division. “River Boat” by F. W. Apsey and “Mist Over Louise” by Bill Hedden won the first two places in the advanced amateur division. In the third division. Portrait group, Maurice Bennett’s “Mr. K. Y. Fong” and “Portrait” won and placed respectively. “Copper Rapids” and “Witch Tree,” landscapes by E. J. Kohl, were chosen the best in the portrait group and “Corridor” by J. C. Osborn won first place in this division’s miscellaneous. Alpha Gamma Rho . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Robert Stanley, Liberty; Russell Hardin, Knightstown; Irvin Daniels, Cambridge City; and Robert Winship, Rush-
ville.
Seniors Cast Ballots Today In Union For Popular Election Of May Que^n
'The Ides of March' (An Editorial) Rather well known to organized frosh is the fact that today begins Purdue’s own specially prepared presentation of the ‘‘Ides of March.” Perhaps by now the rhinies may have a rather good idea of what these next five days hold in store for them. It might-be well however to review briefly some of the interpretations of “Fraternity Week” as presented by the Fraternity Presidents’ Council. “The purpose of Fraternity Week is to give those about to be initiated a true perspective of the fraternity in its relation to the University and in its responsibilities to its membership. “Fraternity Week shall extend from Wednesday through Sunday. Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday evenings shall consist of constructive mental training of pledges. During this period, the Council shall arrange mass meetings bringing the pledges together for intensive instruction in fraternity responsibilities. " “No rough pre-initiation activities which shall interfere with the studying or the sleep of pledges shall be held prior to the Friday evening mass meeting. “Fraternities violating the provisions of this By-Law shall be dealt with individually by the Council.” Throughout the period from today through Sunday, daytime Hell Week activities may proceed as usual, but must terminate with theliime of the mass meeting in the evening. After the conclusion of the mass meeting, the pledges’ time must be free for studying and there must be no interference with their normal sleeping hours, until after the Friday night meeting. This is a well-directed effort on the part of the Council to put the soft pedal on Hell Week as wdll as to instill in the future organized men of Purdue something of the significance of fraternity and inter-fraternity life. We hope that freshmen will avail themselves of the opportunities offered during this constructive period. ' —R. E. I.
Laboratory Group Michigan Co-eds Defeat Plans Tryouts For Riveter Forensic Squad New Plays Today in intercoliegiate Meet
Tryouts for the forthcoming production of the laboratory group of Playshop will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in Fowler Hall. The group plans to stage one act from Oscar Wilde’s “The Importance of Being Ernest,” and one act from “The Doll House,” by Oscar Wilde. Tryouts this afternoon will be for both acting parts and stage crew jobs. The director for “The Doll House” is Lewis Morrison, while no director has yet been selected for Osc^r Wilde’s play. Others connected with the group are: G. D. Williams, faculty advisor, Chuck Hart, manager; Ellen Kepner, assistant manager and in charge of production; Bill Neilan, stage manager; Sue Van Deren, properties; Ruth Bryant, costumes; Dick Pittenger, technical director; and Merle Keck, lights and effects. Plan Foreman's Instihite; Will Discuss New Ideas Plans for a foreman’s institute were outlined tentatively by Prof. Russell J. Greenley in co-operation with representatives of various foreman’s training camps last Saturday. The meeting will be held May 18 and it is expected to attract around 1,000 factory and shop fore-
men.
Various foreman’s clubs and associations are co-operating with the University in planning the forthcoming program. Professor Greenley and Professor George F. Buxton of the University staff have conducted training work for foremen for some years with most of the industries in the state.
Refunds Refunds those holding special merit 'scholarships may be called for today at the cashier’s office. They amount to ten dollars for state and 20 dollars for out of state students W. W. HoUensbe, . Cashier.
The negative team of the University of Michigan, represented by Janet Grace and Barbara Newton, defeated the University affirmative team in the women’s intercollegiate debate held last night in Fowler Hall. The resolution of the debate was: “That the Federal Housing Administration Should Not Be Renewed.” The affirmative, presented by Peggy Hbward and Frances Estep, considered the three purposes for which the FHA was established: to relieve unemployment, to put idle cash to work, and to help solve the housing need. The negative maintained that he FHA had succeedes to a certain ex'tent in accomplishing some of its objectives, but that the FHA had never been intended as a panacea. Professor Emory Glander, director of debate at Ohio State University, in judging the debate based his decision on argumentative processes and information presented in support of the analyses of the case. / Foresters Attend 11th Annual Banquet Following the eleventh annual Forestry Club banquet held last night in the new Union ballroom, foresters heard Professor N. C. Brown of the New York State College of Forestry speak on “The Role of Wood in Modern Warfare.” He pointed out that after the World War I, England, realizing the vital importance of wood, appropriated 60 million dollars for the pui'pose of reforestation and planted 800,000 acres in timber to provide for future national emergency. Preceding the evening’s talk. Professor B. N. Prentice, head of the forestry depai-tment, was given a desk set in token of appreciation of his 25 years’ service in the forestry department by the forestry department staff and the Forestry Club. Awards were also presented to E. N. Stiver, ’40 and Don Grant, ’42.
Eledots Will Base (Me On Three CharaderisKa Today from 10 a. m. to 5 p. tt. senioirs may vote for their favorite for May Queen in the Union Lobby. 'Treva Berry, Ellen Kepner, Peg Little, Alice Martens, Mary PettiI crew, Caroline Scott, Louise Scbid:ler, Ann Sickman, and Margaret Stocker have been chosen by an anonsnnous committee as the 1940 court. One of these will be selected today for queen. Three Qualities Basis for selection will be the appearance, personality and individuality of the candidates. This year’s election differs from the selection of May Quemi in previous years in that, instead of the selection of the queen by a committee of ^tudeilts and faculty members, the seniors are getting the opportunity to choose their own queen by popular election. In spite of the fact that the coed will be elected today, her name will not be revealed until May Day. This move was actuated by a desire to prevent an anti-climax by too early a selection of the queen. Passports Necessary In order to vote in the election, seniors must present their passports for stamping. No one will be allowed to vote unless identified as a bonifide senior. Officials of WSGA who are running the election announced their desire that all seniors would take advantage of the opportunity offered them to right the wrongs of queen elections without representation hitherto imposed on them and turn out well to vote for the co-ed of their choice. ^ Elliott Addresses Group Of Readers “Reading is a hobby of the educated,” declared President E. C. Elliott last night as he addressed a group interested in the browsing room/of the Union. He went on to say, “The reason for the extensive reading done by most people is elevation and mental energizing. Dr. Elliott discussed ten small books which he said are for serious thinking. Included in his selection were “An Essay on the Principle of Population,” “Civilization and Disease,” “Significance of the Frontier in America,” “Socialism and Superior Brains,” “The Blood of the Nation,” “The Jurks-Edwards,” “The Scope and Nature of University Education,” and his favorite book “The Friendship.” “No book is worth reading the first time unless you want to read it again,” stated the President. “A book which you imderstand is probably not worth reading.” These were the tests which Elliott put upon a good book. Dr-. Elliott expressed his hopes that he would be able to speak ag;ain soon on a selection of ten big books for high thinking or a series ot biographies.
A Few Bids
. . . for the Sophomore CotilUon will be available during the next few days from Bud Laramwe at the Sigma Nu house. Plans for ii^creased sales were abandoned yesterday when only eight sophomores bought tickets available in the Union Lounge.
All Students Penalty dates for the spring vacation recess are as fellows: from noon Friday, March 22. to noon Saturday, March 23, and following the vacation, until noon Monday, April 1. Five dollars will be assessed any student missing any regular cl^ meeting during these periods. M. L. Fisher. Dean of Men.Mr
P0BDDE EXPONENT
Wednesday#' March 13# 1940
-B &B—
—B & B—
Why Worry?
Classified Ads
FOR SALE
FOB RENT
April 5
PLIIS-~2nd First Run Hit!
^ASYiWmi
—tAST DAY—2 Featum SONJA HENIE in "Eeveryriiing Happens at Night" -.Also —
VICTOR McLAGLEN in ^HE BIG GUY"
Wj/ifL anj£ d(eh.
Our one and only Doc, alias Butch, Miller is left alone and afrSid nowadays because his body guard, Ted Hennis, has given up the job. However, I’m sure a husky lad like Doc coiild handle himself in a free for all. All applicants for tViia job please report to locker 1458 in the fieldhoilse ...
When you pick up your copy of this month’s Readers Digest be sure to turn to the article called “Songs Along The Wabashi” It was condensed from an article in “Recreation” magazine, and' tells about the housewives choruses that have been organized by Albert P. Stewart of the University. The article tells a very interesting tale of the unusual work Stewart has been doing all over the state of Indiana. H & H Alpha Tau Omega fraternity members will journey to Indianap-
Leon DeWitte, Kappa Sig foot-, ball ace, is being a little disloyal to his University. He hong his pin but on a L U. co-ed on the day of the Indiana - P tt r d u e basketball game. (Note: The lucky girl was voted the most beautiful member of the!. U. Drum and Bugle Corps.)
Notices
No MtioM wQl bo ocecptod after 8 Pb m.
Fredunen and Sophomore Militaiy Stndenta: Sien up immediately in the aiipply room of the armory for Scabbard and Blade . best soldier contest. Medals, citations, and merite wiU be awarded. Farther details will be posted on armory bulletin board. —SCHRADER.
There are only two things to worry about here. Either you’re going to graduate or you’re not. If you^aduate, there isn’t much to worry about. If yon don’t, there s only two things to worry about. Either yon study hard and pass exams, or study hard and flunk them. If you study hard and pass them, there’s nothing to worry about. ^If you don’t, there’s two things to worry about. Either you’re too dumb, or you are in no good condition. If you’re, too dumb, there’s nothing to worry about. If you are in a no good condition, there are only two things to worry about. Either you are in good health or you’re sick. If you are in good health, there is nothing to worry about. If you’re sick, there are only two things to worry about. You’re either , going to get well, or you’re going to die. If you’re going to get well, there is nothing to worry about. If you are going to die, there are only two things to worry about. Either yon are going to Heaven, or you are ... not going to Heaven. If you are going to Heaven, you have nothing to worry about. If you go to the other place, you’ll be so doggone busy shaking hands with the rest of the boys, you won’t have time to worry! SO WHY WORRY?
Fencing:: The fencing tournsiment will begin Wednesday, March 13, at 4 p. m., in the Memorial Gymnasium. —STICKLER.
Ticket Takers and Ushers: Men who worked during basketball season can get money at ticket office in fieldhouse. —WOODWORTH.
Christian Foundation Student: Sunrise service Plan Sunday morning at Happy Hollow, leaving 126 Chauncey at 5:80 a. m. Call Hubert Reynolds at 4393 for 16 cent breakfast reservations by Saturday noon, March 16. —REYNOLDS.
Horticulture Club: Meeting March 13 in Horticulture Building at 7:30 p. m. —DAUGHAN.
PEW Classes: Classes scheduled to meet on Monday and Friday of this week, March 11 and 16; report to room 201 Of the Education building for a lecture on' Thursday, March 14 or at 3 p. m. Friday, March 16, at 4 p. m. instead of regular class time. —HAZELTON.
Wesley Foundation: There will be a roller skating party on Friday night, March 16. Tickets are 26 cents and are free to those who furnish cars. Please sign up at the foundation. Refreshments will be served at 10 p. m. before leaving for Maple Point. —HORNE.
AIME: All members please be present in room 101 in the C and M building at 4 p. m. Tuesday, March 11. Plans for the April meeting will be discussed. —BECKER.
Camera Club: Meeting Wednesday, March 13, at 7:30 p. m. in \room 304 of the Un-
—HEDDEN.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, March 19, in room 264 of the EE Building at 7 :30 p. m. —PITCHER.
Silver Mask Pledges: Meeting in room 328 of the Union at 4 p. m. on Wednesday, March 13. —McGONAHAY.
Penalty Dates: During the present semester there will be two penalty dates. From noon March 22 to noon March 23 and April 1. These dates represent the 24 hour period before and after spring recess; Absence from a regular meeting of any class during these periods will result in a fine of $6 for each 24 hour period or fraction thereof missed. —FISHER,
Garden Club: Meeting Saturday, March 16, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 263 of the Un—BACHARACH.
Eta'Kappa Nu: Meeting for selection of pledges Thursday, March 14, at 7;.:30 p. m., in room 232 of Union. - . . -i-KEEN.
Ag. Chem Club: Important meeting and election <01 officers Wednesday, March 13, at 7:30 p. m. in room 236 of the Union. Be there. —HARPER.
foe sale—^Typewriters. All mak^, standard and poittable, sold, purebred, rented and repaired. New portable machm* as low as $29.76. Supifiies. C. F. Ebersheff, 605 Main street.
Robd—Bent-A-Car Service. Cars for aU occasions. Min. $2.60 aU night. Phone 71644.
BLUEBIRD POPULAR RELEASE
On Sale This Week
B-10617 Up the Chimney Go My Dreams-—F. T. (V. R.) Table Truckin'—F. T. (V. R.) Art Kassel ,and his Kassels-in-the-Air
B-10dV8 720 in the Books—F. T. (V. R.) So Far, So Good——F. T. (V. R.) Charlie Barnet and his Orchestra
B-10620 I'll Be Seeing You— F. T. (V. R.)
You Ouglita Hang Your Heart in Shame—F. T. <V. R.) Mitchell Ayres and his Fashions in Music
B-10621 With the Wind and the ' Rain in Your Hair— Vocadance
Tiny Old Town— Vocadance Dick Todd, Baritone with Orchestra
B-10622 Imagination—F. T. (V. R.) Say "Si SI"—F, T. (.V, R.) Glenn Miller and his Orchestra
B-10624 the Moon Is Low—F. T. Black Maria—F.T. (V.R.) "Fats" Waller and his Rhythm
B-10625 Hairy Joe Jump—F. T. My Gal Sal (They Called Her Frivolous Sal)—F.T. Harlan Lpdnard and his Rockets
The Foster Shop
RCA
AuMMHiiod Ooolon VICTROLAS . VICTOR RECOROt iMt Side Square
olis this Saturday for the organization’s Diamond Jubilee dinner l|[ance at the Riley Room of the Clasipool Hotel. Last week-end the DU’s took over the capital town for their state day. H & H Two o’clock hours for CotiUion —sound like something unusual in itself around here, not to speak of the super plans which are being inade for the dance! Mr. “Object of My Affections” Tomlin will be the maestro of the evenipg, and will play his sviring and sway from 9 to 1 in the ballroom. H & H “I’m Glad I’m An American” should be or ^1 be the theme song of most of the members of the more brutal sex. In Scotland, France, Uenoa, and Florence there are ancient laws stating that any maiden of either high or low estate can seek the man she desires. - If the
M B 80: A make-up final for men receiving "CT' grades in my divisions of M £ 30 last term will be given Saturday, March 16 at i p. nk in M E 118. —COPE.
Varsity Show: Tryouts for orchestra to he held: at Fowler Hall Wedn;^ay, March 13. at 4:06 p. m. . —SMULEvrrz. WAA Badminton: Sign up on bulletin board in gym for singles tournament by Wednesday, March 13. —SCHRODEE.
University Qtobtetra: Rdiearsals with the choir for members of the ordiestra for "Seven Lest Words" are scheduled as follows: Tuesday afternoon, March 12, at 4:00. Thursday night, Maroh 14, at 7:16. Saturday afternoon, Mar^ 16, at 2:00. Monday afternoon, March 18. at 4:00. —EAGANS.
WSGA Executive Board meeting Wednesday night, March 18, at 7:45 p. m. —SICKMAN.
PIA Dance Class: Regular meeting Wednesday, March 13, at 7 p. m. in room 363 of the Union. —LUTZ.
Hanley Speech Contest: Preliminaries of Hanley Speech Contest will be held in room 30l, University Hall, at 4 p. m., Wednesday, March 18. Deadline for entries is 4 p. m. Wednesday. —HULTGREN.
A S C E : Meeting Wednesday, March 13, at, 7:30 p. m. in room 201 of the civil engineering building. Two movies on highways 'will be shown. —WOODSMALL.
Chess Club: Regular meeting of Chess Club tonight, Wednesday, March 13, at 7 p. m. in the Union game room. —GOFF.
WAA: Final matches in ping-pong and shuffle board tournament must be played off by Friday, March 16. —HOLDEN.
Riding Club: Meeting Thursday, March 14, at 7 :30 p. m., next to the Student Union office. —HARTMAN.
Alpha Zeta: Meeting in' old Agriculturist office Wednesday night, March 13, at 7 o’clock. —HITCHCOCK.
ARC
Last Times Today SMOHW
—-AND-^
niUIllAfiD'd SUISiT 1
THURS. - FRI. - SAT. TIMBER STAMPEDE SHARPSHOOTERS
DAREDEVILS OF THE RED CIRCLE
Prof. R.B. Wiley
... head of the school of civil engineering, was a guest at the annual dinner of the officers of the American I^ilway, Engineers Association, held Monday evening, March 11, in the Palmer House at Chicago. Tuesday he attended some of the sessions of the Association.
pursued man refuses the imposition he is fined one pound unless he can prove that he is else-wise bethrothed to some fairer maid. ’Tis nice to be a Purdue ed, eh? H & H
After Cotillion and this week’s mixer comes the lull preceding vacation. Vacation, sweet vacatioiL Everyone we know is going on a trip to the Southern sunny states. Only one more full Week of classes. Then Utdpia—and sleep.
Purdue Student Alliance: Room 806 in the Union has been engaged for meetings every Tuesday at 8 p. m. (3-16) —SMULEVITZ.
Flying Club: Business meeting promptly at 7 p. m., Wednesday, March 18, in room 108 of the mechanical engineering building. At 8 p. m. the meeting will be opened to all for the showing of some United Air Lines moving pictures. -KIMBALL-
CB 6 CenditiDns: Examination will be held in room 101 of the civil building Tuesday, March 12, from 4 to 7 p. m. Get permit slips in CE 102. —TODD.
ME 31 Conditions: Examination will be held in room 801 of the ME building on Saturday, Aprd 6 at 1 p. m. AU who intend to tltke tills make-up should notify the undersigned before 12 noon Saturday, March 28, —MESSBRSMITH.
C E 41: An examiniftion for the removal of ‘X!” grades 'wUl be held in room 126, Hea'vUon HaU, 1 to 4 p. m.. Saturday, March 16. Permiwion to take the examination must be obtained from the undersigned prior to March IS. —GREVE.
M E 61 Conditionals: Examination for the removal of eonditions in M.E!. 61 wUl bo held April 8, at 1 p. m. in room 8<M. of ^e mechanical engineering building. All interested parties should notify the undersigned on or before March 23 at noon. —MESSEESMITH.
WAA Basketball: Schedule of games are as follows: Tuesday, March 12, at 4 p. m., iuniors vs. freshmen; at 5 p. m., seniors vs. sophomores. W^nesday, March 13, at 4 p. m., sophomores ■vs. freshmen; at 6 p. m., seniors vs. juniors. —BRITTON.
Mai d
-TODAYLAST DAY
YOUR FAVORITE DREAM ADVENTURE COME TRUE I A whole new world of exciting experiences.
Thomas *"^Bo!Hwaui«an
Rented h GtneTowiu
STARTS TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
JOHN SHEFFIELD ^,(0 j*; ERNEST TRUEX DOROTHY TREE Kchre^i 4NN TODD
PLUS
SECRET SERVICE OF THE AIR — WITH — RONALD REAGAN
VIRTUE LOST THROUGH IGNORANCE! Flaming Youngsters on the Rampage!
RECKLESS 20th CENTURY MODERNS Running the Gauntlet of Pauion, Remone and Despair I ■
NEW Main
MIDNITE SHOWS ONLY THURS.-FRI. - SAT.
All Seats 35c
GRIN ANb BEAR IT
ByUchty
“Dear, the United States wants $3.64 more than you said I should give them!—^Do you want to talk to them ?”
Religions Council: Meeting 7 p. m. Wednesday, March 13, in room 302 in the Union. —SWOPE.
M.E. Students: Applications for membership in ASME must be made by Friday, March 15. This is senior’s last chance to take advantage of $10 saving upon transfer to junior membership after graduation. —BRYAN.
Neitunan Club: Discussion Group I will meet in room 232 of the Union on Wednesday; March 13, at .7 p. m. Group II will meet in room 236 oh March 14 at 7:15. Group III will meet Thursday, March 14, at 7:30 in room 261. AU Catholic students are invited to attend any of these meetings. —GARTY.
Pi Tau Sigma: An important meeting will be held at 4 p. m. Wednesday, March 18, in the reading room of 'the Mechanical Engineering building. —;EIRLING.
4-H Party : All committee chairmen nieet in 4-H office Wednesday, Maroh 13, at 4:16 p. m. Get report of ticket sales of your committee members. —DE LA CROIX.
Poultry Club: Meeting Wednesday, March 13, at 7:30 p. m. at Poultry building. Mr. E. W. An'derson of the poultry department will speak. Egg show plans will be discussed. Refreshments. —SEARCY.
Glider Club: Open meeting, Thursday. March 14, room 304 in the Union at 7:15 p. in. ' —^MILLER.
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
One Seductive Woman! Seven Desparate Men!
BIS GIRL FRIDAY
MADS
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
THE TOP AIR-WAVE TROUBADOUR IN A GRAND romance:!
Mmm ★ jmoRTH, — Last Times Today -
ALICE FAYE
FRED MacURAY'
UCHARD GREENE
URIIC SUE
ir
I
Regular $6.00 and $6.75 Values
for only
t
4.SS
See these beautiful creations today. Match that new formal with a pair of Loeb's shoes that combine both beauty and comfort.
These beautiful shoes come In silver, gold, pastel and black or white materials of satin or kid. Heels high, low and medium Widths A to AAA
FREE TINTING
^[oeb!L ShoiL SnUotL
I
k s.'8
Jl;
' , I'
h
//
//
f
Wednesday. March 11,1940
£xfbMmtt SpoiM. fiaqsL
Fraternities, Wards To Compete In Athletic Carnival Tonight
(jt)CtO. TIsuoa
Jane Pis^eigh and Eileen Westover will be Purdue WAA delegates to the American Federation of College Women convention at Illinois State Teachers College, Bloomington, Illinois, on April 11, 12, and 13.
Baseball and teimis callout will be April 3, 'til then you can still play basketball. There’s nothing like more exercise to forestall that old spring fever.
Watch the column for announcements of semi-finals and finals in the badminton, ping-pong, and shuffleboard tournaments now in progress.
MANY FORMER SMOKERS OF EXPENSIVE PIPES NOW PREFER
Alpha Gamma Rho Defeats Lambda Clfi \ For Tourney Title Alpha Gamma Kho cagemen defeated their Lambda Chi neighbors last night in the finals of the Fraternity B Basketball Tourney by a score of 23-12. The Lambda Chis, handicapped by the absence'bf Dave Rankin from their famed forward scoring combination, were outclassed by the smooth teamwork of the ag quintet. Alpha Gamma Rho Kennedy led the game scoring -with eight points with teammates Slonaker, Combs, and Daniels following with five,, four, and four respectively. Lambda Chi freshman. Bob Stone, who has always been good for about twenty of his team’s, points, was held to his season’s low of six, and Doland, Sauter, and Hart garnered two each. Ward 11 defeated Ward 10 in the finals of the Ward net tourney last night by a score of 25-8. Singer led the scoring with 11 points. Flying Club Will Present Movies At Open Meeting The Flying Club will hojld an open meeting in room 108 of the mechanical engineering building on Wednesday, March 13, at 8 p. m. Two reels of movies will be shown; one on the operation of the Douglas DC-3, the other on flying through cloud formations. All interested students may attend. The regularly scheduled business meeting will be held in roOm 108 at 7 p. m.
Sixty athletic engagements are on the spring calendar of the University of Vermont./
[[ALLMARK you’ll find a COMPLETE SHOWING AT
““ 518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
To Beat The Price Rise You Have Just
8
More Days On March 20th the price of the DEBRIS will change from $4.50 to $5.00
mo
0ebjuA,
^omfdfda, QampuA, QodjUuuisl
mo
Tonight's Athletic Carnival Schedule Golf Pattinsr 1:16—Dwyer, Parsons, Kroft, Sauter, Kentner, Douglas, Jones, Drever, Branjiberry, Beese, Evers, Karley. Football Pass 7:1B—Deuttnuin, Berto, Boedeker, Fisher, Swartz, Neate, Weglinski, Cycenas, PapanoH, Kentner, Vollmer, Wente, Evers. Golf Pitching 7 ;1B—Spangler, Sarginson, Goldstein, Ballard, Hernlglake, Weglinske, Parsons, Bramberry, Tulley, Reese, Carley, McKeniie. SILVER DERBY 7:40—Bicycle Roce: Alpha Tau Omega, Alpha Kappa Lambda, Triangle. 7:60—Basketball Dribbling: Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Sigma, Phi Gamma Delta, Acacia, Signm Pi. _8:00—Horseback Race: Delta Upsllon, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Alpha Gamma Rho. 8:10—3 Legged Race: Sigma Chi, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Alpha Chi Rho, Beta Theta Pi, Kappa Delta Rho. 8:20—Sack Race: Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Delta Theta, Sigma Alpha Mu. 8:30—Sack 0 Flour Race: Pi Kappa Alpha, Phi Kappa Psi, Theta Chi. 8:40—Barrel Race: Theta Tau, Delta Tau Delta, Alpha Sigma Phi, Phi Kappa. 8:60—Wheelbarrow Race: Tau Epsilon Phi, Delta Chi, Phi Kappa Tau. Clown Stunt 7:40—Beta Theta Pi 7:46—^Alpha Tau Omega 7:50—Delta Chi 7:66—Delta Tau Delta 8:00—Kappa Delta Rho 8:06—Phi Delta Theta 8:10—Phi Kappa 8:16—Pi Kappa Alpha 8:20—Theta Chi 8:26—Sigma Pi Relays and Track Events 7 :30—^Alpha Chi Rho, Kappa Delta Rho, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Chi. 7:33—Beta Pi, Sigma Alpha Mu, Alpha Kappa Lambda, Phi Delta Theta. 7:36—Alpha Gamma Rho, Lambda Chi Alpha, Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Psi. 7:89—Triangle, Phi Kappa Tau, Theta Chi, Phi Kappa. 7:42—Theta Tau, Delta Tau Delta, Alpha Tau Omega, Sigma Pi. 7:45—Theta Xi, Phi Gamma Delta, Pi Kappa Alpha. 7:48—Phi Kappa Sigma, Tau Epsilon Phi, Alpha Sigma Phi. 7:61—Delta Chi, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Delta Opsilon. 7 :66—One Mile Run. 8:00—Fraternity Walking Race 8:10—Cary Hall—Ward Relays 8:20—440 Yard Run. 8:26—^Waiters Race. 8:30—Ward Walking Race. 8:40—Fraternity Relay Finals. Wrestling 7:30—Sebam vs Boyd ' ' 7:30—Sebam vs Boyd 7 :42—Faster vs Donnellan 7 :48—Farlow vs Ferg ^ 7 :64—Buehler vs Britt 8:00—Closeman vs Boedecker 8:0G—Hlinka vs McCord 8 :12—Eriston vs Rugeri 8:18—Calhoun vs Rossi Boxing 7 :30—Howlett vs Pyles 7 :40—Faber vs Kentner 7:60—Youkey vs D. Johnson 8:00—A. Dilts vs Daley 8:10—Beers vs Slate (exhibition) 8:20—Ted Axton vs Hidgon 8:40—A1 Rossi vs D. Dilts 8 :6Q—Elfin vs Halleb Tug of War 7 :40—Delta Tau Delta vs Theta Chi 7:43^—Phi Delta Theta vs Phi Kappa 7:46—^Lambda Chi Alpha vs Sigma Chi 7:49—Pi Kappa Alpha—Sigma Alpha Mu 8:02—Kappa Sigma vs Kapi>a Delta Rho
Athletic Potpourri Will Feature Silver Derby, Boxing, Wrestiing Just about everything that even faintly resembles an indoor sport will be put on parade tonight in the Fieldhouse during the Intramural department’s annual Sports Carnival. It will be the 19th meeting of the affair which has been held annually since 1921 except for one year, and will mark its second appearance in the Fieldhouse.
Over 300 students from 29 fraternities and seven wards will compete in the evening’s proceedings which are scheduled to start at 7:30. The entire floor of the Boilermaker athletic emporium will be used and there will be five or six events going on all the time. Delts Defend Title Delta Tau Delth, defending champions from last year, will be out to garner another Carnival title. They have already jumped off to a good start by having the largest representation in the boxing and wrestling preliminaries. In last season’s affair the Delts placed 6 men in the pugilistip finals and along with placing men high up in other events, managed to grab a total of 79 points. Sigma Phi Epsilon was second with 69, and Delta Chi, third with 60. Included on the night’s program will be just about everything that is possible to hold within the fieldhouse. Track will hold a large share of the spotlight as varsity stars will be allowed to enter the mile and quarter-mile events, although the fraternity and Ward mile relays will have to get along without them. Quite a dual is expected in the 440 when Captain Bed Shackleton and sophomore Burt Anthony, both of the varsity squad, will get together and chase each other qround the oval.
8:06—Alpha Tau Omega vs Delta Chi 8:08—Beta Theta Pi vs Delta Upsilon 8:11—^Alpha Gamma Rho vs Alpha Kappa I,ambda 8:14—Phi Kappa Psi vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon 8:17—Sigma Phi Epsilon' vs Tau Epsilon Phi 8 :20—^Theta Xi vs Sigma Pi 8:23—Phi Gamma Delta
Another highlight of the evening will 6e the Silver Derbies which in the past have had the crowd rolling in the aisles. Among this year’s athletic antics will be a bfprrel race, basketball dribbling, and a batch of bicycle, horseback, and sack relays. Grunters and groaners will play their part in the Carnival, as nine matches have been scheduled fas the evening’s entertainment. A ring has been rigged up on the Fieldhouse floor and will also be the center of an equal number of boxing bouts. Frosh Fracas Probably the most hilarious spot of the evening’s proceedings will be the “Frosh Fracas.” A number of objects will be tossed out of the balcony to a waiting pile of freshmen who will immediately jnfnp np and down on each other in an efliort to collect the above-mentioned articles. The Bhinie emerging with the largest number will be declared the winner. Over 200 medals and 30 individual trophies will go on the block during the course of tonight’s 'events,, and many a Boilermaker will wander homeward with a little extra weight hanging from his keychain. As in past years a large cup will be awarded the Fraternity with the largest nunjber of points. Spectators will be seated in the balcony, and bleacher seats will be provided on the fieldhouse floor for the contestants. An entry fee of 25 cents will be charged both spectators and contestants alike to defray the cost of the numerous trophies and awards.
For a dramatic entrance . . , there's nothing lovelier than one of the new divinely femenine evening gowns with a whisper of the "90's" mood about it. Provocations neck-lines that reveal the beauty of your shoulders, old fashioned sculptured bodies and flattering^ little waist. Cloud Wke voluminous skirt as you dance.
Phone 5900
415 MainPURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday! March 13# 194i
Jimsh^ Jalh
Once More . . . the time rolls, around for co-ed elections. Today senior men and women will select a May Queen from the nine candidates selected by a student-faculty committee. On next Wednesday all campus co-eds are eligible to vote for WSGA officers and members of WAA and YWCA will choose their leaders. Two years ago the women’s organizations on campus initiated a “Vote For The Girl” campaign to be used for all open co-ed elections. The idea behind this campaign is not restricted to only the elections of two years ago, but is applicable also to the present election time. Seniors have never before had an opportunity to elect their May Queen until this year. Yet in spite of this new opportunity for an expression of student opinion, there will prpbably be a large percentage of the senior class who will neglect to cast a vote at all. Members of the senior class need only to present their x>asspprts at the WSGA election table in the Union lobby any time between 10 o’clock this morning and 5 o’clock this afternoon in order to take part in selecting this year’s May Queen. • It is doubtful whether any amount of editorializing could do away with the already-established political machines which work on the campus. Rather than a problem to be solved by group action, the question seems to be an individual one. Every co-ed on campus is affected by the rules and decisions of WSGA, It is the duty of every co-ed to see that the girl whom she considers best fitted for a leadership position receive her vote in next Wednesday's election—not the girl whom you, yourself, consider the girl for the job. There are very few open elections now held on this campus. It is important that these remaining open elections receive the support of the student voters in order to be an accurate expression of opinion. —G. S.
Tanco Will Explain Portrait Lighting For Camera Club Paul Tanco, local professional photogiapher, will speak at a meet, ing of the Camel a Club tonight at 7 30 o’clock m Room 304 of the Union. Tanco will discuss basic poitiait lighting set-ups and will give demonstrations with studio lighting equipment This discussion is the fiist in a seiies of talks on portraiture and portrait lighting and will serve as a basis for following meetings. Anyone interested in this type of photo’giaphy is invited to attend the meeting
Ceres
Leap Year
CITY MEAT and
POULTRY
220 N. 3rd Street
Phone 5372
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
• Dairy Products
• Hardware
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Mam Phorfe 2777
• Locksmith
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty Bicycles, accessories and repairing MULHAUPT'S 209-n N 5 th St. Phone 2828
• Dine
• Jewelers
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
“Hey Rube” is the student by-word. “Please Help Protect Our Campus” is the University’s by-word. The general idea—“Roses are Red, but GRASS isn’t green at Purdue.” Now is the time to keep your shoes clean by walking on the sidewalk. — R. F. D.
local general agiiculture and agionomy honorary fraternity, announces the pledging of nine jun101 agiicultural students The pledges aie. Harold F. Creech, Warlen M. Guard, Harold M Gutterman, Robeit M Lumpkin, Harold D Myeis, Robert Payne, Elmer H Stuckey, and John C. Thompson
. . decorations will embellish the south ball room at the PIA tea dance Saturday afternoon. The dance will be from 3 to 5:30 p. m Music will be furnished by popular recordings.
But Incidentally— By Serge Oichids to the ROTC for furthering the on-rush of science and engineering. Yesterday all our big brave soldier-boys marched to the fieldhouse to test what the bleachers did when people sat on them. The commands given might have sounded like this: “Brigade: (By the numbers) 1. Bleachers ... 2. — Mount. Brigade: 1. Sit at ... 2. Ease. 2nd Regiment: 1. Up and down ... 2, Jump. 1st Regiment: 2. Down and up ... 2. Jump, (Crash) Brigade: Fafl out. Remove debris and wounded.” J[t ^4 Last Friday night, while wandering about the Union, we kept seeing gals who were a bit too young to be freshmen co-eds, escorted by boys of about the same. Further investigation took us to room 350 or so (opposite the activities bureau) where a radio dance was in full swing. We do mean swing, too, for the place was full of jitterbugs—of all kinds and ages—between 12 and 16. Earl and Jim, who were standing in the doorway, informed us that the party was being given by Miss Gannon, distinguished by a plaid skirt and a jitterbug solo, and Miss Gannon, who we never got around to seeing. (Ed. Note: How was that again?) * * * The whole affair broke up at 10:30 with the arrival of hordes of parents, leaving us to trudge away, stroking our long white beard and getting all sentimental over the memories of our innocent youth. Ah! To be young again. l! + * They Didn’t-Think-It-Of-The-Old-Boy Department Yesterday we got an anonymous letter written on
Purdue Exponent
R. B. 1imI» _ BdiUr-in-CUWr W. B. Smibi tiMUgw D. 6. Terrio, «ditorl«l dir«etor; G. W. Pradnriek, mwaarlnf editor; E. H. Antonlni, lenlor adTertiidnc Ruu»iiKer; G. SchilUnc, co-ed editor; B. Jenldns, Oports editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792
at tiM peiS eflee In Lates'ette^ Indiana, nndetr Gm a«k at Ooagreea at Hank I. 1878, and at the epecM rata ot peetasa prorMad (Wr fa ■eetion 1108, aet of October 8. 1917, authoriaad January M 1988, Pobllidiad dally exeept Uoi^ay dnrlny Dm resnlar aeadenie year and weekly dturlny the Bammur geeelon. Oalfvered locally by carrier tor $8.99 psr year, aaall enh•crfation $8.80. Bepreaented for national advertiainK by National Ad▼ertiMny Service, Inc., College PnbUsbeni Kepreacntatlyea, 480 Uadison Are., New York, N. Y. All nnsigned editorials are written by the editorial director. - ■ / — Night Editor, Donahue Day Editor, Carroll Ass’t Night Editor, Kennedy Wednesday, March 13, 1940.
official Purdue University watermarked stationery. What you wrote about the sign marked R. W. Babcock isn’t true it said. It said the University hasn’t played a dirty trick on Prof. Babcock, at least m the way you wrote in Saturday’s column. * * * We bow in deepest humility. Serge is always willing to admit a mistake. We must make amends. The least we can do is to follow the letter’s suggestion—start a campaign to place a wreath on the sign. We urge each of you to contribute something for this worthy cause. Just place your dimes, pennies, and buttons in one of the coke glasses in the Exponent office and we will do the rest. Just think how proud you will be when you walk past the R. W. Babcock sign and see a gorgeous wreath on it. You can say, “I helped with that!” ^ * The Ghouls!
Phone 3085
Some say, 'Tis smart To be tart! We'd rather reap from the cheery smile and the glad hand-clasp the things worthwhile, and let American keep us looking smart. American Laundry West Side Office 132 Vine St
1A
'k A LADY SPENDS THE NIGHT — She was afraid he would and afraid he wouldn’t, and yet when they were trapped by a blizzard. Miss Ruth prepared to defend her name and honor with every artifice at her disposal. A short story by M. G. CHUTE. it RED RUFFING’S SECRET How does a guy with four toes missing, and a pain in his arm, pitch a 4-hit World Senes game? The amazing story of the man who won 176 games for the Yanks. As Good As He Has To Be, by STANLEY FRANK. ir IS IT EASY TO DIE? When John Blagden awoke in a hospital bed he felt pretty good. Then the doctor came in and casually sprang the surprise ... The story of the hour which has no end. No Visitors, by STEPHEN VINCENT BENET. ■k “I INTEND TO BE PRESIDENT”-4/cAr»». Who is this “tall, tan, terrific” Hoosier who plans to seep into the White House by osmosis? ALVA JOHNSTON gives you the high-hghts of that Indiana charmer who may miss in 1940, but still has ’44, ’48 and ’62 ahead. ^ NEW MYSTEp NOVEL BY MIGNON G. EBERHART • .. H<in§fnan*S Whip, With three women determined to possess the same man, somebody engineers a hanging! Start the second of seven installments in the Post tonight! ic GERMANY^'S GAME IN FINLAND—^Why is Germany privately gloating at the Finnish exposure of Russia’s military and economic weaknesses? Prom diplomatic reports of events in Moscow, the Post brings you details of how Nazi Germany encouraged Russia and secretly aided the Finns at the same time! demaree BESS.
rr SNIFFS a rum blossom
How one of Mr. Glencannon’s finest alcoholic inspirations turned the S. S. Inchcliffe Castle into a seagoing arboretiun, a floating jungle. Read The Rum Blossom.
by GUY GILPATRIC
I >