Purdue
/
Z-186
Exponent
Lafayette* Indiana
WEDNESDAY
May 10* 1939
Vol.50
No* 178
Herb Fishburn Elected Presidefit Of Senate
Fire Of Unknown Stewart...
Journey's End' Opens
(
Before House Of 200 American Laundry
Source Damages
Captain Hardy
Lieut Osborne
Private Mason
2nd Lieut. Kaleigh Captain Stanhope 2nd Lieut. Hibbert
Company Sergeant-Major
The Colonel
2nd Lieut. Trotter German Soldier
Barney Tetter
Fred Ahrens
Dick Coleman Dave MacMillan Benton Burns
Charles Hart Bob Hettema
Jack Armitage Seymour Udell
Joe Martin
“Journey’s End,” by Edwin Burke, opened last night before a crowd of about 200 people in Eliza Fowler Hall. A highly emotional play, bringing out in strong relief the feelings of men who have been cooped up in the front line trenches, it was received with approval by the first nighters. The play is in three acts, directed by John E. Dietrich and staged by Jack W. Miller. ' ■ — CAST
Tau Beta Pi Elects Catterall President; Initiates Pledges Following formal initiation of the new members in the Union last evening, Tau Beta Pi, national scholastic honorary, elected the following officers for the coming year: Bill Catterall, president; R. N. Keene, vice president; R. E. Hall, recording secretary; R. B. Squires, corresponding secretary; P. J. Woodsmall, treasurer ;and Charles Heidbreder,
cataloguer.
Faculty advisors elected were Dean Knapp and Professor Ewing. M. B. Scott, instructor in the civil school was initiated as an honorary
member.
Adivities Bureau To
/
Meet, Discuss Plans For Next Year's Work Activities Bureau will hold a meeting for all Bureau workers today at 5 p. m. in room B of the Union for the pvu*pose of discussing projects which are nearing completion. They are also issuing a call for all freshmen who will be interested in working on the Activity Bureau next year, to come to the meeting. Althea Jorgeson, Director, and Bill Breuer, Executive, will be present to discuss the projects, one of which is the cbnduction of an “Activities Round Table” with President Elliott as the speaker next Monday night, May 16. Other projects to be discussed today include the completion of the activities section of the Freshman Handbook, for which additional freshmen with writing ability are in demand. Tentative plans for next year’s work have been made and will be outlined at today’s meeting. All freshmen interested should not fail to attend, as this information will be helpfrd when work begins next fall.
The entire play takes place in a dugout in the British trenches. Captain Hardy, played by Barney Tetter, and Lieutenant Osborne, played by Fred Ahrens, are the principals in the opening act. Hardy, who is just leaving the trench with his company, is carrying on a meaningless conversation with Osborne, _ a kindly imderstanding man who is second in command of the incoming company. Hardy hurries to leave before the arrival of Captain Stanhope, portrayed by Benton Bums, a young man who is respected by his men and officers, but whom the strain of the war has made too deep
an impression. Raleigh Arrives
Soon after Stanhope’s arrival 2nd Lieutenant Raleigh, played by Dave MacMillan, former school mate of Stanhope’s and whose sister is engaged to the captain, is sent to the company as a replacement. Stanhope hates for the young lieutenant, who idolized him during their school days, to see him in his nervous, rim
down condition. True Feelings
Things finally come to the breaking point after Osborne is killed during a raid on the German trench. Nerves are drawn taut with expectation of a Boche attack. One by one each officer shows his true feelings, and when the attack finally comes, and Raleigh is fatally hurt. Stanhope walks silently from the dugout to die with the rest of his
men.
The play will continue its run through Saturday. Cartwright's Bancl To Play For Mixer In honor of Mother’s Day, the Student Union is sponsoring a mixer Saturday night at 9 p. m. Char-, les Cartwright and his band from Peoria, 111., will furnish the music. The decorations will include a backdrop of a reproduction of the famous painting, “Whistler’s Moth-
Amid roaring flames on the second floor of the American Laundry and Dry Cleaning Company last night Lafayette firemen fought furiously to keep a flame of unknown origin under control. Four firemen were overcome by smoke, but no one was seriously injured. The fire broke out in the laundry drying room on the second floor about 6:30 and was not brought under complete control until about an hour later. Practically no equpiment was damaged and only a small amount of clothing was lost. The exact amount of property damage could not be determined last night. “Although only a small amount of clothing was lost, we have it all covered by insurance and damages will be taken care of,” reported the manager of the cleaning concern last night. “We will be operating full force within a few days and there will be but a small delay in delivering the clothes we now have” continued the manager. Fraternity Presidents Considering Adoption Of Co-op Purchasing Plan At the last meeting of the Fraternity President’s Council a straw vote was taken on the pending Fraternity Cooperative buying plan which passed with almost unanimous approval. Tonight the plan goes up for final consideration before going into effect. On the condition that the fraternity presidents do not change their minds or the fraternity advisers’ council does not veto the issue, the plan will be set in motion by the end of this school year. No definite date has been set for the counselors meeting due to the fact that some of the committee members are from out-of-town, but it is hoped that one can be arranged next Tuesday or Wednesday. Student Co-op Will Hold Open Forum “New Ways To Cooperate” is the theme to be discussed by members of the Student Co-operative Association at an open forum scheduled tonight at 7:30 in the reception room of the Union. Leading the discussion will be members of the association who recently attended the Co-op congress held in Chicago. Those who attended are: Robert Harper, Jane Horne, John De La Croix, Robert Lucas, Jean Plummer ,and Gordon Johnson.
Purdue’s popular choral director wiU lead the ’Tippecanoe County Home Economics chorus on a trip through the eastern states to sing in Baltimore, Md., on May 16, in the Lord Baltimore Hotel, and at the New Yorik World’s Fair on May 18. The group will leave Lafayette on Sunday, May 14, at 5 a. m. and return on May 21. Mr. Stewart led this group in the Chicagoland Music Festival l^t summer and they were ranked high in a division that was studded with close competition. Field Representative Justin Cline Speaks Before WAA Friday Justin Cline of Chicago, Field Representative of the National Youth Hostel Movement, will speak in the faculty lounge of the Union on Friday, May 12 at 4 o’clock. He will illustrate his speech with colored pictures showing Hostel camps in the Green and White Mountains of New England. My. Cline is appearing under the sponsorship of the Women’s Athletic Association. This is not Mr. Cline’s first visit to the campus as he spoke at the Student Senate Convention December 27-31. The entire student body is invited to hear him. The National Youth Hostel Movement promotes hiking, bicycling and outdoor activities among youth on an inexpensive basis. The organization provides hikers a place to sleep and to cook their own meals for a daily fee of about 25 cents. It was originated in the East and is rapidly spreading to the Middle West. A Hostel Camp was established at Turkey Run State Park in Indiana last fall. Youths must be a member of the organization before they are allowed the facilities of the camps. “I cannot fully emphasize this invitation which WAA is extending to the entire student body” said Georgia Walker, president of WAA when contacted last night. Jane Fishleigh is chairman in charge of arrangements.
Tyndall Will Speak ME Class Will Hear Talk Model Plane Club To Hold Initial Contest At Miillarv Ranniiat 0" Salesmanship Today f'or Gas And Rubber Power Models Sunday
* ^ Purdue model airnlane club will
The annual military inspection banquet will be held tomorrow at 7 p. m. in the Union ballroom. Major General Robert H. Tyndall, commanding officer of the 38th division of the National Guard, will be the principal speaker. The Honorable H. F. Shricker, lieutenant governor of Indiana, and Colonel Walter Drysdale, in charge of the Organized Reserves of the Fifth Corps Area, will also speak. President Elliott will act as toastmaster. Music will be furnished by the Glee Club and a comet trio from the band. Tickets for the banqu^t(^«an be obtained from Major Faulconer in the Armory. Tickets for basic corps students are 76 cents each, while those for all others are $1.00. About '800 tickets have now been sold. No tickets will be sold at the door.
F. A. Russell, Professor of Business Organization and Operation at the University of Illinois, will speak on “Salesmanship” before an open meeting of the class in Distribution of Manufactured Products at 8 o’clock this morning in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Build-
ing.
SOO Copies... ... of this year’s Debris have not yet been called for, According to Boyette Edwards, business manager of Debris. The number of receipts remaining on file slightly exceeds the 900 mark. “In order to make sure of a copy, it would be advisable for all those who have not called for their copy to do so between 4 and 5:30 any afternoon this week at the office in the Union,” stated Edwards.
Purdue model airplane club will hold its first contest Sunday, May 14, at 1 p. m. The contest will be held on the field just south of the West Side Municipal Golf Course. Purpose of this contest is to give more publicity and impetus to the club, attract members, and furnish an activity for the club mem-
bers.
There are to be two divisions to the contest, one for gas models and the other for rubber powered models. The gas models must conform to the usual NAA rules. The models are limited to 20 seconds md>tor run, and 8 ounces weight per square^^ foot wing loading. A total of three official flights is counted in determining the contestants standing. The gas powered models must take off under their 01^1 pow-
er.
NAA Rules Hold As in the gas model division the
Elected To Complete '40 Senior Board
(See Editorial, Page 2)
Herbert Fishburn, ChE ’40, was elected Student Senate president last night at a Senate meeting in the Executive Building conference room. Other officers are: vice-president, Martin Estey, Sci ’40; secretary, Louise Daniel, HEc ’40; and treasurer, William Hart, ME ’40. —— - —mi
At a previous Senate meeting,
May 1, Fishburn and Estey were announced as presidential candidates by the nominating committee; Hart was nominated from the floor. Estey withdrew his presidential nomination last night in favor of
Hart.
Estey, Ralph Reiley, and Hart were nominated for vice-president following the presidential ballot, which resulte^d 24 for Fishburn, 12 for Hart. Hart withdrew his nomination for vice-presidency. Votes for vice-president were 23 for Estey and 12 for Reiley. Louise Daniel and Margaret Mitchell, HEc ’40, were nominated for secretary. Balloting results were Daniel, 18; and Mitchell, 16. Hart was nominated for treasurer, nominations were closed, and he was elected by unanimous vote. Old and new Senate officers planned to select sophomores for Junior Executives last night, but did not reach a final decision.
NAA rules will hold for the rubber powered model division, except that there will be no minimum wing loading rule. The models must be' of the fuselage R. O. G. type, and must take off and land on wheels. No parts can be drbpped from the models while in flight, and 90 per cent of the rubber motor must be inclosed in the fuselage. Supplies for Prizes The prizes will consist of model airplane supplies. In the gas model division the first prize will amount to $5.66 in supplies; the second, $3.26; and the third, $1.60. The prizes for the rubber powered model contest will be $3.35 in supplies for first place, $2.65 for second place, and $1.00 for third place. There will be a meeting of the model airplane club tonight at 7 o’clock.
General Motors Exposition Shows Previews Of Fair Transforming the levee into a blaze of light, the General Motors Parade of Progress Exposition opened last night at 7 o’clock. Eight sleek trucks formed the main exhibits of the show and provided the space for the displays giving prevues of General Motors attractions at the New York World’s Fair. Under a giant circus “big top,” research engineers demonstrated novel developments in science. One of the most amusing displays lyas the frying of an egg on a heatless electric stove. Hints of future industrial developments were given with the exhibition of liquid light and photoelectric cells. Humming diesel electric generators provided power for the show and were on display in their truck units. In one huge truck was housed a compact workshop complete with power tools. Sigma Alpha Epsilon... . . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers: F, B- Hartman, president; A. L. Lutz, house manager; C. H. Jackson, recorder; and R. A. Dilts, treasurer. The following have recently been initiated: G. M. Clifton, A. D. Croxall, E. G. Dimond, J. C. Ely, G. M. Fletcher, F. H. Habicht, C. E. J. LaLiberty, J. R. Mecredy, G. W. Ogden, I. V. Pence, R. Recktenwall, H. A. Schumacher, C. F. Sopcak, and L. H. Southmayd. M. K. Hewlett, Evanston, 111., J. A. Edwards, Cincinnati, O., and T. P. Peppier, Baltimore, Md., have been pledged. Exponent Staff Will Hear Elliott Tonight President R C. Elliott will lead a discussion on the Exponent policies tonight at 7:30 in the Union Building before the entire Exponent staff. Elliott’s discussion will take the form of a constructive criticism from the faculty’s viewpmnt. T. R. Johnson, faculty adviser for the Exponent, and Director of the Bureau of Information will also participate in the discussion. The entire staff, numbering over ISO members are expected to attend the meeting.
Alpha Zeta Speech Contest Scheduled For Thursday Night The finals of the first speech contest for Agriculture students, that is hoped to be an annual event, are scheduled for Thursday, May 11 at 7:30 in rooms’ 1 and 2 of the Union. Sponsored by Alpha Zeta, Agriculture honorary, with the assistance of the forensic board, the contest has been developed to encourage speech activity among students
of agriculture.
Undergraduates in the schools of agriculture and forestry are eligible for the contest 16 of whom have entered. The subjects range from “Should we keep the boy on the farm” to “Chemistry as an aid to
agriculture.”
Seven Minute Limit Speeches are limited to seven minutes, and the judges decision will be final. Acting as judges for the occasion will be L. S. Winch of the speech department, Glen Sample of the Public affairs committee, and E. A. Holm, assistant county agent Winners of first, second, and third places will receive medals, and those two ranking highest will broadcast, their speeches over WBAA. Due to the number of entrants, a preliminary contest will be held on Thursday at 4:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. At this time the number of contestants will be cut down to six for the finals that night. Section National Guard Commander To Review ROTC Tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 Major General 'IVndall, commanding officer of the 38th division of the National Guard, which includes Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky, and West Virginia, will be the chief member of the inspecting board as they inspect the Purdue ROTC Military
unit.
All cadets will meet in the Armory at 1:46, parade to the field and bp in position by 2:16, and at 2:30 the salute will be fired and ttie corps will pass in review. Graduation Review will be revived this year after a lapse of one year. Next Tuesday during the regular corps day period the juniors will take over the commands and the seniors will act as the inspecting officers. The third and fourth regiments meet ‘on Tuesday. On the following Thursday the first and second regiments will go through the same procedure. 'The day is to be principally for the honor of the seniors. Scrivener Club... I . . . campus writing honorary, announces the pledging with a special ceremony conducted by the outgoing president before installation of new officers of the following students: Chuck Hart, Douglas Mc»* Daniels, Erma Irwin, Bernard Firestone, Steve Bacharach, Patricia Flint, Orrington Ramsey, George Jungerman, Keith Maxwell, Haskell Metz, Meta Kaplan, Neil Carson, Chester Reigle, George Hussey, Dow Leckie, Georgialpu Fleager, Jean Ragsdale, Donna Seiss, Fred Graf, Bill Sharpies, Carl Sbedrick, Lester Phillips, Naomi Abel* Florence Justin, Seymour Udell* Chai'les Fearnot, Richard Reul. and Bob McCaffey.-
I
•ili
5^dibfdoL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
S-aaiwuiA.
Wednesday. May 10.1939
ElectionOf... . . . Herbert Fishbum as Student Senate president last night came after an opposition political move, but nevertheless resulted in friendly relationships. Senate presidency is not a political office, but one of merit, and should not require political tactics ... although they have always entered the picture. We have worked with Herb three years in chemistry labs, and have yet to see him loaf on the job. His three-year senate membership and work this year; editor of the Student Handbook, chairman of electoral and reorganization committees, and work in drawing up the musical show constitution, make a creditable record. Next year Senate will have plenty of work; its biggest problem will be putting the reorgamzation plan into successful operation and improving its merit system. Work on the Marriage Course and establishment of a central lost and found agency will furnish immediate ground for Senate activity next semester. After completing its reorganization work this year, more actual legislation may result next year, with less deliberation over proposals. Outstanding work of the Senate this year was acting as host to the National Student Federation of America’s 14th annual congress, held on the Purdue campus December 27 to 31. Over 185 college and university student leaders gathered here from 75 colleges in 46 states. Student Senate gave them all a good impression not only of the Senate, but of the University itself. Other Senate work this year included enlargement of the Student Handbook, work on the Book Exchange, plans for a tutoring system, and a campus lights, sidewalk, and parking survey with a view to further developments. Senate secured voting machines for Prom election this year, one of the first times they have been used in any campus election. Nomination Reform Nomination of officers was placed on a merit basis last year, first of the recent Senate “reforms.” Every senator is rated on five counts over work and general effectiveness committee service. These ratings are handed in by committee chairmen with specific reasons for amount of credit given each worker. Ratings serve as a reasonable ^ide toward determining individual accomplishments. A nominating committee of the four senior officers studies these performance records and selects two or three most likely candidates. This insures against nomination by strong political factions without regard to work record. One additional candidate may be nominated from the fioor by a majority vote, in case the Senate believes a deserving man was eliminated from the slate. From this point, politics may enter the selection of officers. Each senator is given one vote in choosing a president from the candidates in the field. Defeated presidential candidates automatically become eligible for the vice-presidency and successive offices. This procedure is designed to place the four hardest working senators in the four administrative positions. Selection Of Workers Revision of Senate’s methods for selecting workers, passed almost unanimously on Tuesday night, May 2, will give the Senate increased power, and widen its scope of activities. The new set-up calls for sophomore workers, who will serve the Senate under direction of the Junior Executives, but who shall have no vote in Senate proceedings. Eight of these workers will be chosen by the Semor Board to serve as Junior Executives, with full membership privileges. Next fall eight additional Junior Executives and eight full-privileged sophomores will be elected by campus vote, apportionment by schools approximately as at present. After this year, elections will be held each spring.
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and wericly during tte Summer
Session. Ddivered locally by carrier
for $8 00 per year, _ H. I. Stanback _ R. R. Hensler
Editor _ Associate Editors
mail subscription $8 60. Editor-In-Chief Business Manager
PUBLICATION STAFF i Managing Editor —L. S. Hardin City Editor J5. A. Bailey Associate Editors _ G W Frederick, K C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A Kroephn, D G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson Sophomore Assistants—R. Ahlf, B. Beer, R. UeHoog, R Donahue, P. Ganzar, D Heiple, R. Howard, C Lever, R. Massey, J McKee, C McEeighan, M Miers, M. Patterson, R Taylor, K Thompson, J. WiUsey, A
Yates
BUSINESS STAFF Asristant Business Manager — M C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager _ W. F. Berg Sales Manager _ _ _ V Daugherty National Advertising Manager _ H W. Nevin Accounts Manager —WE Smith Art Director — J) J. Hennmger
CO-ED STAFF
Sally McKee ™ _ Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
R L. McDonald
J. A. Hebbeler,
R. Jenkins, R I Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Boom D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldbonse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
RICPRBSBNTEO FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY Nafional Advertising Service, Inc. 'College Pftbltshers Representattve 420 Madison Ave New York N Y CHICAtC BOtTOH Los AnOBLES - SAH FRANCISCO This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue Universl^. Adi opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. Adi unsigned editonals are written by the ehtor-in-ihief.
Editor -
Associate Editors
Night Editor—DeHoog Issue Editor—Kennedy Wednesday, May 10,1939
otstinAA to the Editor
Lefeten aeeepted for publleatloa fa this eolumn must be aeeompaniad by the writer’s signature and should be limited to IM words in lezurtbOrdinarily the author’s name will be published with the letter If for reasons obvious to our readers the name is withheld, it will be kept in strict confident The Exponent does not assume any responsibility for the opinions voiced in this eolumn.
Dear Editor. Could you inform me just what the tradition is, and how it started which forbids the left half of the Library doors being unlocked’ Or if it IS not a tradition and is a University ruling, I should like to know the origin of that, too There has been a considerable argmuent among my friends and my-
self as to which it is—tradition or a University ruling It seems pointless enough to be a tradition, but on the other hand, it doesn’t seem to be in the freshman handbook Some claim that it is too universally observed to be either one, but in that case, what is it ’ I have considered the possibility that the custodian of the building has lost his keys, and if this be the case, I respectfully suggest that a box for conti ibutions be placed at each door until sufficient funds have been collected to have replicas made I feel sure that all students who have unsuccessfully shoved against these doors in an attempt to pass through them will be pleased to donate a few cents to the cause and I should estimate that probably these students make up roughly 98 per cent of the student body Perhaps officials in charge believe that the number of stujlents using the library does not j’ustify
By Georgann Schilling
GRIN AND fT
By Lickiy
From among the 16 junior senators (eight elected by popular vote and eight selected from sophomore workers by the previous Senior Board) eight will be chosen by the acting Senior Board to continue their work. Under these new constitutional amendments, freshmen senators are eliminated, and size of the body reduced for greater efficiency. Sophomore workers may secure junior jobs by exhibiting real work and interest, not merely by political maneuvering. Senate will become more of a full-time activity; its membership will include real workers and fewer “figurehead” politicians. Student Senate’s power and efficiency should be on the up-grade next year.—D. G. T. One Kindhearted... . . . soul, one out of 6,700, had the originality to write us a letter concerning a perplexing condition that has stymied Boilermakers since time immemorial. He grabbed at the locked door, rattled it, backed up and waited for ten or 20 students to file through in the opposite direction before he could make a dash for it. Upon reaching the fresh air, he saw the futility of it all and wrote us the following letter: (See Letter to the Editor) Thanks for the letter, Topping, we agree with you that there is no good reason why such a condition should exist, especially where so many persons are inconvenienced. We asked several employees at the library if they knew any good reason why half of each door should be locked and they frankly admitted they could not give any, except that perhaps in winter it would create too great a draft on the legs of the studying co-eds. We found the doors fairly easy to open, hence there is no mechanical difficulty to overcome All that remains to be done to correct the situation is for the library janitor to be a little more energetic twice a day. We invite anyone else with a constructive suggestion such as the above to drop us a line, and we hope this situation will soon be corrected for the benefit of the thousands of library goers.
Just one big week-end seems to be the habit around here. We will about recover from the Gala Weekend in time for Mother’s Day and May Day celebrations. Then next Friday night is Prom. Long time, no sleeps —H-H— This Friday night is the time set for the annual Airport Dance at the hangar Bill Martin and his band will play for the dance. The TAP dance given by Triangle, Alpha Gamma Rho, and Pi Kappa Phi will be held m the Union ballroom the same night. —H-H— There should be numerous serenades on the campus this week what with the Umversity Sing planned for Saturday night. Most sorori- ^ ties and fratermties are having concentrated song practices, and serenades should be an effective way to try out their singing ability. —H-H— Do you believe: That the umversity is a campus and a football team? That a professor always enj'oys his own lectures? That a college campus is the American fashion center (except for some Purdue dissenters) ’ That professors live from hand to mouth and write textbooks to avert starvation ’ That colleges turn out masses and not individuals? —li— We signed a petition the other dsCJ^ which contained a suggestion that the convocation committee should find helpful in planning next year’s programs The petition requested that a stage play of high caliber be included in the scheduled convocations for next year. Most other colleges do give their students an opportunity to see at least one legitimate play during the school year, and it seems quite a good idea for such entertainment to be offered the student body —H-H— Daughter “I want to go to college and be a lady*’’ Daddy Make up your mind ” Rules Changed For Camera Club Show All entrance restrictions have been removed from the spring exhibit of the Camera Club, according to an announcement made recently In order to encourage moie student and faculty photographers to exhibit their work, the club has discaided the rule restricting entrance privileges to members only Entries for this spring exhibit must be turned in to the Student Union office by May 18 The contest itself will be held from May 20 to 27 An entrance fee of 26 cents will be chaiged those who are not members of the club
the use of whole doors; and in this case, I suggest that they watch some day and see the lines of students waiting for those inside to get out and vice versa If it is a university ruling, I suggest that ballots be passed out next fall at registration so that the concensus of student opinion might be determined I have no doubt that students would favor opening the doors, and that the University administration would, with this assurance, proceed to repeal the ruling and open the doors within a few years. However, even if nothing can be done, I should like to have the information referred to in the opening paiagiaph A. D. Topping.
Ohio State University co-eds have organized a personal appearance dime to teach correct dress and make-up.
tiAiri
-TODAYTWO FIRST RUN HITS Tie ^FixerDogan; — PLUS — THE LADY VANISHES — with — MARGARET LOCKWOOD PAUL LUKUAS
STARTS TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
RICH4I1DDIX
Blasifi open the million . dolIarPol-ioy-Racketl ^ Lucille Ball Allan Lana Oonald MacBrlda
— PLUS — JOE PENNER — IN — FM FROM THE CITY
‘Of course, I’m the head of the house—but I’m really only a figure head.”
)pmaci
By Janet Pickering “What are you going to wear?” We hear this question here, there, and everjrwhere Of course those little groups of co-eds are discussing their new prom formals. You see, fashion is always important from the feminine point of view and with prom so near thoughts of new formals are uppermost in every coed’s mind. This year offers a great variety in types of evening dresses And, too, since prom is so late in the season, we’ll see summer frocks which are gay, but not so formal Is your new formal one of these sweet “little girl” dresses ? K it is perhaps it is made of chiffon or of checked taffeta Flowered organdies are good too If it’s the “little girl” type it is sure to have a full skirt and puffed sleeves New this year are those practical skirts. They
— LAST DAY— JAIVET GAYNOR — in — ‘‘The Young in Heart” — AND — CLAUDETTE COLBERT — in — “ZAZA”
THIJR.-FRI.-SAT. JOHN LITEL MARGARET LINDSAY — in — “0]V TRIAL” — AND — ROY SAGERS “Shine on Harvest Moon”
ARC
LAST DAY
TYRONE LORETTA POWER • YOUNG ANNABELLA
— and — "COME ON TARZAN" with KEN MAYNARD — aim — 'FLAMING FRONTIER" SERIAL
THUR.-FRI.-SAT. HEART OF THE ROCKIES DEVILS PARTY FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS
are full and can be worn with all kinds of blouses from daring striped ones to the dainty lingerie type Cotton IS king now. If yoilr formal IS a typical summer one it may be made of checked gingham White pique and glazed chintz offer opportunities to be in “high style.” Perhaps you go for the “smooth” type Lace, printed silks, and draped chiffons can be quite sophisticated Colors, both striking and subtle, will be seen at prom we’ll venture to say Prophecies are interesting, but we’ll j'ust have to wait and see.
University of Pennsylvania botanists are making a study of the 3,000 species of ferns and flowering plants to be found m the Keystone state
wmem
LAST DAY
LESLIE HOWARDBERNARD SHAW’S WYQMEMm WEiDf MSLiEB • wilfrid lawson^ 4C0TT SUNQERUND ° MRRJE UtHItfl
TOMORROW-FRIDAY SATURDAY
AKekert^ Z.lUtenarJ ^ Preduciion-
serinade lih LEW AYRES I AN iHlUNTER FRANK IVIORGAN
MARS
LAST DAY
ERRM FlYNN D0»«E CITir
DeHAVILLAND ANN SHERIDAN
And a Cost of 1000 « fncJudlnff BRUCE CABOT > PRANK McHUQH • AlAN HAIB
TOMORROW-FRIDAYWednesday. May 10# 1939
THE PUBDUE
i
Purdue Boxer May Fight In International Tourney When the Chicago Golden Gloves boxing team enters the Chicago Stadium Friday night to engage in leather throwing contests with the boxing champions of Europe, Joe Benna, Purdue’s brilliant young middleweight boxer, may be a member of the Chicago team. ■' ' ' '
Benna, a freshman in the school of physical education, has been with the Chicago team since the middle of last week, the Chicago boxers being trained at the Illinois Athletic Club, for the annual international boxing affair. If Benna qualifies for the Chicago team, his opponent will be Anton Raadik, of Estonia. Although Joe is a favorite among Chicago and middle west Golden Gloves fans, he is not yet a certainty to fight for the Chicago outfit, because Jimmy Reeves of Cleveland the 1939 Golden Gloves and AAU champion of the light heavyweight division, has trained down to the middleweight class, but the Chicago coaches were a bit dubious of the condition of Reeves after training from 176 to 160 pounds. The European representative in the middleweight class, Raadik, is the middleweight champion of all Europe.
The University Wisconsin Daily Cardinal was the first college newspaper to set its type on a linotype machine.
Students running for office in the University of Florida spring elections spent an estimated $2,600 on their campaigns.
P. Timpermann Injured In IntraSquad Contest Pete Timperman, star right tackle on the Boilermaker football team, is in St. Elizabeth hospital with a fractured leg, it was revealed last night. Timperman suffered the injury in the first quarter of the in-tra-squad game-at Ross-Ade Stadium Saturday afternoon. At first the injury was believed to be minor, but examination revealed a fracture of the small bone about three inches below the right knee. He is expected to be ready for action before football practice starts in the fall. PERSONNEL NOTES Company: Arkansas Natural Gas Corp., Shreveport, La. Representative: L. P. Babcock, Eng. Dept. Interested In: Engineering seniors for training course. A description of the company course of training for employees is available in the main office of each engineering school.
MOTHER, MY PAL Mother, you bore and you reared me. Despondent, you helped and you cheered me. Comforted when others jeered me. Mother, my pal. When I think of the things that you told me. The things that in life will uphold me. I feel your arms once more enfold me. Mother, my pal. And after your voice has been stilled, dear. When your body—Oh God — lies there chilled, dear. For mother, my pal.
Courtesy of — RICHARD J. BATH, Jeweler
605 MAIN ST.
PHONE 6377
Get Out All of your Sport Togs
West Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone 7278 k-NOW for pick-up.
Let US Freshen them up for you. For Spring Is here right now, and you’ll he wanting them every day. Don’t Delay And let yourself look less than your very hest! CaUUs For an immediate pick-up.
Phone 3085
American! Dependable Dry Cleaners
Boilermakers Still Retain Lead In Big Ten Baseball Race By virtue of the exciting extra inning tilt with Indiana in which the Boilermakers emerged the victor in the eleventh inning, last Friday, the Riveter baseball team retained its hold on first place in the Big Ten baseball race. Although the Hoosiers retaliated in the second game to eke out a bare one rUn advantage, the first victory left the Boilermakers’ average high enough to maintain a half game lead over their nearest opponents. The split also dropped the Hoosiers from their second position pinnacle to a tie for fourth place. Michigan, Iowa Win Several other upsets of favored teams leaves the league standings in a big mess as are the big league standings. Michigan handed the second place Illini a pair of stinging defeats behind some classy hurling to rise to second place, a bare half game behind the league leading Boilermakers. Iowa continued its winning streak by handing the weak Chicago team a double setback, 8 to 6, ana 9 to 6. The third team to emerge •Notorious in the two game series was the strong Northwestern team, which defeated a faltering Ohio State team to the tune of 3 to 2 and 10 to 7. Eight Games This Week The conference race will be continued this week at a blistering pace with eight games on tap next weekend. Won Lost Pet. PURDUE 4 1 .800 Michigan 3 1 .760 Iowa 6 2 .714 Indiana 4 2 .667 Illinois 3 3 .600 Northwestern 3 3 .600 Minnesota 3 3 .600 Wisconsin 2 4 .333 Chicago 1 6 .166 Chicago 1 6 .166 This Week’s Schedule Friday—^Illinois at Northwestern, Purdue at Ohio State, Chicago at Minnesota, Indiana at Michigan. Saturday—Illinois at Northwestern, Purdue at Ohio State, Chicago at Minnesota, Indiana at Michigan.
DRESS SHIRTS PATTERNED & WHITE $1.35 up ALL COLLAR STYLES BUTTON DOWN SHORT POINTS TRUBENIZED KENTS TABS
FOR YOUR BIG MOMENTS! Its a provocative violet-toned pink to break your suitor's heart in twol Wear it with the new fuchsias, purply blues, greens and yellows. Try the other two shades in Peggy Sage's new ;;;\ Sentimental Trio, too . . • % iA Nosegay and Goldrush. SIXTY CENTS Tbo Polltb That 'Weors Like Iron" LOCB&HENE COMPANY
Dickinson Leads Riveters
QhoksL In 10-1 Win Over Butler
By Robert J. Deckard
Dropped out yesterday to watch Coach Hermon Phillips jprime his lad's for the Cotton Carnival at Memphis, Tenn., this week-end and ran across Steve Gutting, ace hurdler on the Boilermaker- track contingent . . . the blonde-haired tim-ber-topper called our attention to the fact that his little brother, Paul, a 180-pound package of beef and nerve which hails from Shelbyville, has been running Indiana state’s high school hurdlers off their nut. —^fc— “His form is better than mine,’’ commented Steve, who looks like no white elephant lumbering over the sticks ... and to top it off, Gutting said that the lad, a 17-year-old junior in high school, is coming to this monumental school of learning to take agriculture and will try out for the football and track squads. —^fc— While ambling around the track, yours truly discerened a familiar figure taking a jog around the cinders . . . For a moment, today’s columnist figured said thing was a ghost of former years. . . Nevertheless, a closer look and the clean strides of Bruce Witwer, distinguished Fielders Choice editor were perceptible. —^fc— This all reverts to three years ago when Bruce was touring a quarter of a mile over the cinders'in a mean 51 seconds for the Riveter track squad, but because the genial columnist was a man of affairs on the campus, he turned all his interests from the track gentry to other activities . . . (P.S. Bruce is entered in the 440-yard dash in^Ureek track meet coming up next week.) Annual River Swim To Be Heid On Wabash May 25; Entries Made At iMOffke Making preparations for the annual river swim. Chief Clevett announced last night that entries were now being received for the event, which will be held May 26. The course, as usual, will be from Lincoln Lodge to the Brown Street bridge. John Graham, winner of the swim the past two years and present record holder, is not certain whether he will enter the event this year, but a strong group of swimmers can be counted on even in his absence.
By Rolfe Jenkins
Five extra base hits and three double plays by the Boilermaker nine yesterday gave the Gold and Black its ninth triumph of the current heseball season as it outclassed the Butler Bulldogs 10 to 1 behind the eighthit pitching of Dick Wargo, who kept the Bulldog blows well scattered
throughout the game.
Dickinson led the Riveters with a single, triple, and home run in four times at bat, while Sammy Lyboult, playing short in place of Jimmy Thompson, connected safely twice in four official trips to the plate. Other extra base hits included triples by Art Bredewater and Hearne, a double by Yeager, and a home run by Guleff, Bulldog right fielder. Butler divided its eight hits among eight men, leadoff man Constantino being the only hitless batter. He reached first base four times during the game, however, walking twice and twice being hit by a
pitched ball.
Three Twin Killings In the second, fourth and eighth innings, Wargo was saved from embarrassment when the Boilermaker infield came through with timely double plays. In tl» eighth inning Carbon beat out an infield hit, but Neat lined to Heame, who doubled Carbon at first. Wilson and Hamilton followed with singles, but Swager rolled out to retire the side. Dickinson tripled and came in on an error in the first iiming for the Boilermakers. Art Bredewater tripled and came in on Bredewater’s sacrifice fly in the second inning and hits by Lyboult and Mackiewicz and another sacrifice fly, this time by Dean, gave the home nine its third run in the third inning. For the third time during the tilt a sacrifice fly drove in a run for the Riveters in the fifth frame when Dickinson and Lyboult singled and Mackiewicz hoisted a fly to right
fielder Guleff.
Dickinson Homers With one out in the seventh. Tommy Dickinson poled his second long hit of the game, a four-base drive into deep left field, the ball rolling up against the fence 425 feet from
the plate.
In the last of the eighth the Boilermakers doubled their score with five tallies on only two hits. Yeager doubled to left, and Kurtz and Smithson walked to fill the bases. Fisher walked, forcing home Yeager. Wargo grounded out, Kurtz scoring. Hearne drove Smithson and Fisher home when he smacked a triple to center, and later scored on the fourth sacrifice fly of the game, hit by Dickinson.
Boilermaker Track Squad To Compete In Cotton Carnival Looking up after successive victories in dual meets over Wayne and Illinois, Coach Hermon Phillips will take a picked squad to Memphis, Tenn., to compete in the big annual Cotton Carnival this 'Eridsrg and Saturday. This meet will serve as the final tuneup for the outdoor Big Ten championships at Ann Arbor, Mich., the following week-end. In picking his squad. Coach Phillips has selected a superstitious number of 13 men to compete at Memphis. The Boilermakers will be led by Capt. Art Bodeau and Ed Holderman in the half mile and nule Steve Gutting in both hurdles. Forest Weber in the shot put and discus ,and Allen “Red’ Shackleton aWd Dan Fisher in the quarter-mile. Other probable Riveter entries include Eric Wadleigh in the 100 yard dash, Steve Luther and Jim Simmons in the quarter mile, Alden Knapp in the mile and two mil^ Mert Clevett in the two mile, Kessler in the shot put and discus and
Hibbs in the pole vault.
The track squad has been turning in consistently better times as the season progresses. Shackleton and Fisher have been taking turns breaking the Boilermaker quartermile record, Shackleton holding the best time at the present by winning
Saturday’s race.
Gutting turned in his best time of the season against Illinois with 14.6 in the high hurdles, while Weber was breaking the shot put mark he set earlier in the season. Ed Holderman turned in a better mark in the mile Saturday than Indiana’s Mel Trutt did against Michigan.
Lineup and summary: PURDUE AB Hearne, 2b 4 Dickinson, cf 4
Butler .... Purdue .
001 000 000— 1 111 010 015—10
ROLLER
SKATING
Skating Every Day
Private Parties
Evening 7:30-10:30
Any Evening
Afternoon 2:30-4:00
10:30 to 12:00
Morning 10:30-12:00
Afternoon Parties Also Skating 25c per person
Free Instructions to
Guarantee of only
All Beginners
20 people necessary
TENT
Rts. 26 and 52
East of City
Lyboult, ss , Mackiewicz, 3b .. Stamm, If Yeager, If Dean, rf Kurtz, rf Smithson, lb
Danowski, Ih 0 Art Bredewater, c .... 2 Fisher, c 0 Wargo, p 2
H
1 3 2 1 0 1 0 0 0
0
1 0 0
Totals 28 10 9 BUTLER AB R H Constantino, 2b 10 0 Guleff, rf 4 11 Herrmann, 3b 6 0 1 Steiner, cf 6 0 1 Carbon, ss 3 0 1 Neat, If 3 0 1 Wilson, c 3 0 1 Hamilton, lb 4 0 1 Swager, p 4 0 1
Totals 32
Thesis Paper and Thesis Binding Applieation Bond Sheets and Envelopes File Folders . . . Brief Covers Engraved Name Cards, Letterheads Stationery HAYWOOD’S Fifth and Ferry St. Lafayette, Ind.
•'ii
''viS
8■'•1
Ward Track Meet
^ Today at 4 o’clock the ward track meet will be held at Ross-Ade Stadium. Entries will not be necessary, but competitors must be ready for action at the starting time. Members of the winning team are to receive medals, as will any other participants who score five or more points for their team. The scoring system used will allow five points for first place, three for second, two for third, and one point for fourth. Events to be run off are as follows: 100 and 220 yard dash,- high and low hurdles, 440, 880, and mile races. The field events are the high jump, broad jump, pole vault, and the shot put. 'Jhe only relay race will be in the mile. Choice Of Electives Must Be Made Soon Every student whose plan of study for the year 1939-40 calls for elective or optional subjects is required to make his choice of electives before the close of the present semester. Such a student should consult the Dean or head of his school at an early date. This notice applies to all present juniors, all present sophomores except those in Forestry, all present freshmen except those in Forestry and freshmen engineers expecting to take chemical, metallurgical, mechanical, or public service engineer" ing, or engineering law, and all irregular students. Reprints of the plans of study for the various schools are available at the offices of the Registrar, and vai'ious school heads. A limited number of repijints of “Undergraduate Plans of Study and Description of Courses” are available at the Registrar’s office. Any student who has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the Registrar’s office. Phi Mu Alumnae Club Presents Style Show Active and alumnae members of Phi Mu will model clothes in a style show and play revue sponsored by the Phi Mu alumnae club tonight at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. “Pride and Prejudice,” a play written by Jane Austen and adapted by Helen Jerome, whicjh will be read by Prof. Lull of the speech departpient, will constitute a major part of the program. Betty Jane Amos of Lafayette, will also play a piano solo and furnish the accompaniment for the style show. Those who will model are Virginia Beehler, Louise Beggs, Ann Pierce, Maribeth Sharp, Mrs. Justice Rising, Mrs. Russell Greenley, Mrs. Ben Petty, and Mrs. F. I. Thomas. Clothes which will be modeled are being furnished by the Fashion. The tickets for the event may be obtained for 25 cents each from members of the alumnae group or at the door. Mrs. R. B. Stewart is in charge of all arrangements. Intramural Schedule
TENNIS Class “B” Doubles—^Today—1:15 p. m. Sigma Nu vs. Theta Tau. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Delta Theta. Kappa Delta Eho vs. Theta Chi. Alpha Gamma Eho vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Sigma Chi. Phi Kappa Tau vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Acacia vs. Theta Xi. 4 :45 p. m. Beta Sigma Psi vs. Delta Chi. . Delta Upsilon vs. Delta Tau Delta. Alpha Chi Eho vs. Beta Theta Pi. Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Pi Kappa Phi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Kappa Sigma. Phi Kappa vs. Sigma Pi. Triangle vs. Phi Pi Phi. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Kappa Psi. BASEBALL Today Diamond 1— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 2— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Kappa Delta Eho. 3— Theta Chi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 4— Phi Kappa vs. Phi Kappa Psi. g;—^I'hi Delta Theta vs. Pi Kaijpa Phi. 3—Beta Theta I’i vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 7— Delta Upsilon vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 8— l^ambda Chi Alpha vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 9— Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Pi. 10--Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Alpha Gamma Eho.
Brooklyn College undergraduates last year earned $136,844 doing odd jobs procured through the college’s employment bureau.
Tom Melton Rich To Show Pictures Wins 9th Gold Of Scuipturing Done At Wotch Awnrd Cranbrook Art Coiony
Tom Melton, of Lowell, scrappy 180 potmd, 6 foot 10 inch guard, was named this afternoon as winner of the ninth annual Purdue Freshman Football Merit Trophy given by the Purdue Alumni Association to the freshman who has shown the greatest improvement during the spring drill, taking into consideration scholarship, attitude and attendance, James R/ush, rangy 185 pound, 6 foot 1 inch end of Lafayette, was named as the alternate for the coveted award, which takes the form of a $100 gold watch suitably inscribed. Rush is a freshman in the school of engineering, while Melton is a freshman in physical education. Both made excellent scholastic records for the first semester of their collegiate Careers. Announcement of the selections was made between halves of the final game of spring football practice by W. Henry Roberts, of Indianapolis, vice-president of the general alumni association. The terms of the award provide that the winner must return to the University in the fall eligilfte for varsity competition in order to obtain actual possession of the watch.
• Miss Prances Rich proposed sculptor of the stones above the front entrance of the Memorial Union, will describe and show pictures of the sculpturing being done at the Cranbrook Art Colony, Bloomfield Hills, Mich., tonight at 8 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Miss Rich is working on this project under the direction of Carl Miles, one of the country’s foremost sculptors. Graduating from Smith College in 1931, Miss Rich went to Italy, where she studied under Malvina Hoffman, author of “Heads and Tales.”
Notices
Exponent Electoral Board: There will be meetings of the board Wednesday and Thursday nights. May 10 and. 11. Times and places for the meetings will be arranged immediately after the general staff meeting Wednesday night. —STANBACK.
Exponent Staffs: There will be a very important meeting of all staffs Wednesday, May 10, at 7:30 p. m. in the Union ballroom. Every staff member and officer will be expected to attend. Pres. E. C. Elliott and faculty adviser T. E. Johnston will address the meeting. —STANBACK.
Concert Choir: Eehearsal changed from Thursday, May 11, to Friday, May 12, at 4 p. m. —CODBINGTON.
C lassiiied Mds
WAA Archery: All girls in WAA archery mugt have at least three rounds in by Monday, May 15. There wilL be practice every evening at four this week. —MOEEHOUSE.
Forestry Club: Get your field day tickets before 4 p. m. Thursday, May 11. —WILLIAMS.
MISCBLLANBGUS
TYPEWBITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Entomological Society: Thomas Say Entomological Society will meet Thursday, May 11, at 7:30 p. m. in room 103 of Agriculture Hall. —KNAPP.
Pan Hellenic: Important meeting Pan Hellenic committee at 4, Wednesday, May 10, in room C of the Union. Eush captains and old members please attend. —EAEBIG.
ALTERATIONS, repairing and mending neatly done. Phone 2637.
ROOMS FOR RENT
DO'UBLE ROOMS for six students. Low summer rates. Hot running water. Mrs. E. L. Sprankle. 328 N. Salisbury. FOR RENT—Two rooms, single beds, one room, double bed, boys, new house, airconditioned, continuous hot water, shower, summer rates. 201 East Lutz. Phone 2413.
Sweetheart Bowling Tournament: The following will bowl Wednesday, May 10, at 7 p. m.: Barone and Talbert, Dobson and Austrand, Biesecker and Thompson, Fuller and Hauptle, Stocker and McGhee, Agnew and Schnaible, Rockford and Cursell, Hugle and Pandel. —STOCKER.
NICE . ROOM in modern home ; board if desired. Lady preferred. Phone 76154.
COOL, reasonable rooms for summer school. 224 South Grant St.
Purdue Engineer: The following men' report to the Engineer office Wednesday, May 10, at 4 p. m.: McElroy, Lawler, Leckie, Hussey. -^GALE. Senior Military: A representative from the Associated Military Stores will be in the supply room all day Tuesday, May 16, with samples, for the purpose of taking measurements and orders for OEC equip-, ment. This equipment will be delivered to the supply room in approximately two weeks. —FAULCONER.
ONE ROOM with single bed. Strictly modern'. Phone 65691. 106 W; Lutz Street.
LOST AND POUND
LOST—Envelope with four diving board photographs—Purdue-Indiana game Friday. Return to west desk Union Building. LOST—^Envelope with four diving board photographs—Purdue-Indiana game Friday. Return to west desk Union Building.
Co-op Students: Cooperative education' class wiir be held Wednesday, May 10, at 7 :30 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. A panel discussion will be held, with Robert Lucas presiding, based on fbe mid-west cooperative conference and ■will include wholesale buying, housing and eating problems as found on the campuses in the mid-west. —PLUMMER.
Alpha Lambda Deittf: Turn corsage orders in to me in Women’s Lounge Wednesday, May 10, at 4 p. m. —LEBOEUF.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQITARE FENE JEWEXRY AT MODERATE PRICES
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory ■li
• Booksi'erct
e Professional
"DiAC" EverythInQ for ■ College Education H. G. REISNER
The Risk Dental Clinic FAUt. A. RISK—©.DA ^<Xp 1. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.DA. Schultz BuNdtra 4h and Main Rhona 5TOI
• Jewelers
e Play Golf
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
Day and Night Driving Range —Now Open at— LINEE'S FIELDS Lessons Given — at Reasonable Rates Golf Clubs Repaired
LYLE E. FISHER
• Florists
WATCHAAAKER
Dorner's Flower Shop
Thl« It eH we lie,
but we do It wwH.
Quality Flowen
Oppeeite Pmi Offfet
Main at 7th Phone 0050
Wallace Block 322 Pany Sti
Union Workers: All Union frosh and sophomore workers report to the workshop in the Union basement today at 4 p. ih.. —HRUBY.
bers in room 118, Agricultural Hall, Wednesday, May 10, at 8 :00 p. m. —BURBRINK.
Skull and Crescent: All actives and all pledges meet at the Phi Delta Theta house at 7:30 p. m., Thursday, May 11, for informal initiation. —COLQUHOUN.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday, May 10, in the WSGA office at 7:46 p. m. —SICKMAN. •
Purdue Flining and Glider CInbss Joint meeting in room C of the Union at 7:80 p. m. Thursday, May 11. All dance tickets must be accounted for. No one is excused from this meeting. —OHEVEDDBN.
YWCA; Cabinet meeting Thursday, May il, at 4 p. m. in YWCA office. Compulsory attendance. —COOLEY.
Ag and Chick Show Committee Workers: Work in the Poultry Building at 7 a. m. Wednesday, May 10. —JENKINS.
All Engineers: John H. Welqh, representing the General Motors Corporation, will lecture to all interested students at 4 p. m. today in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. He will discuss "Relationship between development of fuel and internal combustion engines.” All vehicle operators are urged to attend. —LUDY.
Prom Ticket Hoiders: Those who 'wish their money refunded must turn ticket stubs in at the cashier’s office immediately. (6-16) —BURNS. May Queen and Court: Bring dresses to WSGA office Wednesday, May 10, at 4 p. m. Compulsory Attendance. —BERRY.
May Day Style Show Models; The following girls have been selected for the May Day Style Show; Georglalou, Fleaget, Agnes McCulloch* Marietta Darnell, Phyllis Stephen, Beth Partertheimer, Thelma Jand Cox, Martha Brown, Ruth Gausman, ViVian Petersen, Ellen Boyd, Joslnah Allen, Mary Yeager, Mary Ruth Thornburg, Barbara Roderich, Melba Davirfson, Treva Berry, Mary Harris, Mary Mather, Rufina Sexton, Carmen Ricadeniera, Elizabeth Barmes, Helen Tugaudis, Joan Edson, Martha Ellis, Martha Norman, Ella Lou Sexson. Rehearsals will be Wednesday, May 10, at 4 p. m.,. Thursday, May 11, at 4 p. m., arid Fridw, May 12j at 7 p. m. in the Home Economics auditorium. —HEGELE.
SAE Members: Those members of the recent inspection' trip visiting thd Perfect Circle Co. should call for their copy of “How to Double the Life of Your Car,” now available in Professor Jacklin’s office. —HERR.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Wednesday May 10, at 7:30 p. m. in Old Chestnut i'oorii. All members please be present. McCAMMON.
SAE Melribers: All members planning to go on the SAE picnic May 17 consult SAE bulletin board in auto lab. immediately. —HERR.
Skull and Ciascent Pledges: Fay initiation fee to Tom Petty at the Delta Tau Delta house Wednesday, May 10, anytime after 6:30 p. m. —HALL.
Co-ed Swimming Meet: Practice Fridays May 12, at 4 p. m.; Saturday, May 18, at 11 a. m.: Tuesday, May 16, at 4 p. m. Two practices required. —SPEARS,
Alpha Zeta: Elections postponed until further notice. (6-10) —STONAKER.
Cosmopolitan Club: Important meeting Friday, May 12, at 7:80 p. m. in room C of the Union Building. Election of officers for next year. —AYASUN.
Independent Athletes: Reamer Club trophy will be awarded to the Independent Athletes with fhe high number of major, minor, and Tau Beta Pi: Initiation and election of officers Tuesday, lllay 9, in. rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. —LANGWORTHY.
Activities Bureau Workers, Old and New: Meeting to plan' outing will be held in room B of the Union on Wednesday, May 10, at 6 p. m. Everyone please attend. —LUTZ, APPLEGATE.
Debris Staff: Entire staff meet in Debris office at four o’clock Tuesday for picnic. (6-9) —BROWN.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meetirig will be held Tuesday, May Si, at 7:80 p. m. in room C of the Union. —MACK.
Purdue Agriculturist: There will be a meeting of all the old and;new staff mem-
intramural points gained throughout the year. Anyone interested in being considered for the award should turn in his points in accordance to the rules posted in the intramural office in the Fieldhouse. (6-20) —MIDDLETON.
Fraternity Presidents and House Managers: Meeting in room F of the Union Wednesday, May 10, at 7:16 p. m. Pull attendance is necessary. Come prepared to give a definite answer on the cooperative buying plan. —DEAN.
U
Cash and Carry YJlowatts —that bowled him over!”
Everybody has problems, I guess, and it’s funny How often the other fellow is faced with the same thing you are. I stopped at the grocery the other night going home from work. *Hi, Joe,’ I said. ’Gimme a dozen oranges.’ He hands them to me, and I said ’How much?’ ’Forty-five cents.’ 'WWl’ I hollered. ’And I’ve seen them growing on trees where all you had to do was pick them off for nothing.* ” ’Yeh,’ he says. ’Why don’t you try raising them, or hop in your car and drive a couple thousand miles to pick yourself some? Did you ever stop to think that besides raising the oranges, and picking and packing them, there’s a lot of money spent in shipping them here to my store, and that I have to pay rent, and hire clerks and pay for heat and light. And say, speaking of light reminds me, I read the other day about how little it costs to make electricity. I’d like to buy mine at that price.’ ” ’Okay, feller,’ I said, ’just hop in your car and go get yourself some. Of course, you’ll need a lot of poles and wires and transformers, and you can hire me and the rest of the boys to patrol the line day and night so that when a storm tears down a few miles, we can put it back in shape for you. And then you will want to have money on hand to replace the equipment that gets busted in the storm or just naturally wears out. Cash and carry kilowattsi That’s a good idea, but in the meantime, gimme those oranges.’ Then we bdth grinned, yy
li ■V If