k A
h >
1 /
'Wear Your Derby And Toss It Up At Homecoming'
Volume 53, No. 39
See The Gestapo l^of Details Of Derby Campaign
■ ,M^r
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, October 22,1941
Green Potters' Election Slated For November 6 Annual Green Potters’ election will be held Thursday, November 6, it was announced yesterday by the Student Senate. All freshmen men are eligible to vote for the president, vicepresident, secretary and treasurer, who will head the freshman class. Petitions In Office Petitions for the election may be obtained in the Senate office on the second floor of the Union between 4 and 5 p.m. after today. The usual charge of one dollar will be made for each petition to cover costs of the election. All petitions must be returned to the Senate office before 5 p.m. October 29 with a minimum of 75 signatures of eligible voters. Vote In Ballroom This year’s election will be held in the room adjacent to the entrance of the south ballroom of the Union, and will be conducted by the Senate, p.g.h. Physical Ed's Lose Fieldhouse As Pill-Rollers Win By 189 Pins
\
By Bill Hoskins
Two factions in the University engaged in the improvement of student health met last night on the Union Bowling alleys and determined once and for all the supremacy of modern medical science over the barbaric and outmoded method of violent physical exercise for maintaining physical fitness. Doc Miller and his Pill-Rollers from the Student Health Service, replete with red silk shirts and cheering section trounced the team from the P. E. department by a total of 189 pins. To discourage rumors that the
Entries For Military Ball Decorations Due Friday Afternoon At 4
Team Will Lead Pep Session Tomorrow
rumors
Pill-Rollers were bowling for their usual stakes, a keg of beer, Doc stated that this time it was for much higher stakes—the Student Health Service against the Fieldhouse. Doc hasn’t decided how soon he’ll move his staff into the Fieldhouse, but we’re anxious to see what sort of athletic specimens will be turned out in the future. Perhaps
the P. E. 12 classes will meet once Entrants in the annual decoration a week at the Fieldhouse to receive for Military Ball, Novema special packet of vitamin pills her 14, must submit their respective and a shot in the arm. ideas by 4 p.m. on Friday for judgWife Keens Score Military Ball Committee. A/r-r, , , 7 ^ The contest, which is open to all Doc Millers wife kept score for ,,, f .-j.
students, will provide a free bid to
the Ball for the contestant whose plans and ideas for theme and decorations are adjudged the most original, appiopriate and piactical by
the committee.
the match, so that possibly could have something to do with the PillRollers’ victory. But we doubt it, because she was quite consistent in putting down her husband’s score as the lowest on the team. Mackey,
Willis, Lucas and Weitkamp, other Mostly Back Drop
members of the team, managed. Principal item to be designed will however, to keep the scoie high be the backdrop, which should be enough to come thiough on top. constructed according to some The boys from the P. E. school theme having at least remote conwere at a disadvantage fiom the nection with the occasion. In addiAtart from a psychological stand- tion, suggestions may be submitpoint, since only one of their num- ted for design of the band-fronts, ber, captain Lon Mann, possessed a miscellaneous decorations for gen-purplish-red silk shirt, flashy eral distribution about the ballenough to rival those worn by the rooms and any other feasible ideas.
Health Seivice champions. Stecker Gets Entries
P. E. Team j. All entries should be turned in to Mann, Papenguth, Fehiing, Burn- Bob Stecker, chairman of the decham, arid Wilkening comprised the oration committee, in the Student Fieldhouse bowling quintet. One of Senate Office in the Union before their number complained after the the Friday deadline, as the commitmatch that they had undeiestimat- tee will select the winning effort
ed the power of the Pill-Rollers and at that time, r.l.h.
had sent in their “B” team, which fact resulted in the ignominious defeat of these pioponents of the strong back and steady hand.
Elizabeth Heiss Arnason
Marines Will Recruit In Post Oflice Today
Recruiting officers for the United
• . . ’29, is visiting her parents. States Marine Corps will be in the Mr. and Mrs. John Heiss, 403 Uni- Lafayette Post Office todair. The versity Street. Mrs. Arnason is ac- office will be set up one day only, companied by her one and a half for those who wish to enlist m the year old daughter, Jeannie Eliza- Maiine Corps, beth. Mrs. Aii^^son is back in the If the applicant has been regiscity after several yeais’ absence, teied for the draft, but has not yet Her husband, Arni Pall Arnason, been called up for physical examDominion Entomologist at the Uni- ination, he is eligible for enlistment, versity of Saskatchewan, Saskatoon, He may join for four years, or for Saskatchewan, is taking graduate the duiation of the emeigency, acwork at the University of Ilinois, cording to personal preference, during his year’s leave of absence, a.l.w.
'Heard In The Hallway/ WBAA Interview Program, Gives Slants On Campus Life
By Jeannie Lauer “Heard in the Hallway” is bioadcast each Tuesday and Thursday at 4:15 p. m. from the hallway in the Union basement just outside the Sweet Shop. The program, which is heard over the entire state because of the increased power of WBAA, is a “Man on the Street” program moved inside. Announcers Bill Stewart, Becky Ann Pervine and Betty Erick are the announcei s for the spontaneous progiam which gives listeners a new slant on campus life. An example of the interesting students heard was an Italian boy who demonstrated his fluent mastery of the Italian language. Several years ago, when orig-
inated, the piogiam was bioadcast diiectly from the Sweet Shop. However, the mob that would gather about the microphone destioyed the effectiveness of the interviews and forced the removal of the program to the hallway. Shy, Shy Coeds No coeds appeared on yesterday’s program despite the effoits of the announcing staff to attract coeds to the microphone. According to Bill Stewart, “The women positively will not talk in front of a micro-
phone.”
Everyone who has not yet listened to the program or appeared on it is passing up a good opportunity to get other student’s ideas and to make themselves heard.
I Tickets All remaining reserved seats for the Homecoming game with Iowa in the Ross-Ade stadium this Saturday have been placed on sale over the counter at the ticket oflice in the men’s gymp nasium, and are also available at Decker’s, Deac’s, and Southworth’s, according to C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales. The reserved seats are priced at $2.75 each, including tax. A limited number of general admission tickets, priced at $1.00 each, including tax, are also available. The general admission tickets will admit to the north curve of the stadium, r.c.w. Music Hall Movies Wili Feature Music, News, Traveiogue Program for tomoriow’s Screen Review, the third in the new weekly series of movie convocations, to be held in the Music Hall from 3 to 6 p.m., will include: “News of the Day,” “Labor and Defense, 1941,” “Respect the Law,” a tiavelogue entitled “Beautiful Bali,” and a short featuring the music of Rubinoff and his orchestra. Good Attendance Large turnouts for the first two progran^s have established Screen Review as a legular Thursday afternoon feature, accoiding to University officials. The aim of these progiams is to present to the student body each week the latest news, a leview of past events through the “March of Time,” and several shorts of general interest. The programs lun continuously, each show lasting approximately one hour. Need Passports The movies are free to the student body, passports being the only lequirement for admission. Gimlets, Reameis, and membeis of the Student Union will be at the doors inspecting the passpoits. b.w.s. Scabbard And Blade Sponsors University Aviation Cadet Units Students not qualifying for advanced couise ROTC will be given an opportunity to qualify for commissions as reseive officers in the U. S. Army, due to the formation of Univeisity aviation cadet units. Scabbaid and Blade has announced that it will sponsor Aviation Cadet Unit No. 1 and subsequent units consisting of 20 men each. The units will be formed before next Tuesday when the army examining boaid will arrive on
campus.
This program is being handled in most places by the Wa^r Department, but ROTC units at the University and also at Ohio State have been given permission to form their own aviation cadet units. Any student wishing to enter this branch of the service who is not able to pass the physical requiiements may entei the aviatioli engineer corps. Scabbard and Blade is handling publicity, and has announced that further information legaxding entiance lequirements and foimation of the units may be obtained from any member of the organization, or from the Adjutant’s oifice in the Armoi-y. w.g.h. Camera Club To Take Photographs Tonight
Timothy Tilton Wins Beveridge Speech Contest Speaking in Fowler Hall last night before an audience of approximately 176 people composed chiefly of students, Timothy Tilton presented a winning speech which gave to his organization, Cary Hall, north, the Ankney speech cup. He won the Hays cup in his own right an^ will retain permanent possession of it. Health Defense His speech was “Health Defense.” He stated that of the two million men that have been examined under the conscription act one million have been rejected. The reasons for this was that these men were not physically fit to serve in the armed force of this country. William Colon placed second with a speech entitled “The Spirit Behind the Constitution” in which he expressed the idea that although the Constitution is but a mere piece of paper it is the spirit behind it' that makes the people of this democracy what they are.” Trade Like Poker Hugh Studebaker, who placed third in the contest, spoke on “Balanced Trade.” He likened the position of the U. S. to a banker in a poker game. It is he that always gets all the chips and causes the other players to once again buy them from hirfl. It is this principal in international trade that causes the economic troubles in the world. Ray Goldsmith proposed the thought of “Making Politics a Noble Profession.” He spoke of the attempts that the youth of this country had made to attempt to improve the conditions in' the government. Bob Chestnut spoke on “Education Without Football.” He suggested that football was an asset to any univeisity. John Davis spoke on “Teamwork” and said that the entire country was like a huge team banded together for nation defense efforts. Three Judges Judges for the contest were the Rev. J. W. Findley, Prof. B. G. Venemann and Prof. P. E. Lull, who made the presentation of awards. The Ankney trophy was presented to North Hall which is entitled to keep it for the year. As yet no organization on the campus has been able to win it three years in succession. The Hays trophy was riot ready for presentation, but will be presented to Tilton in the near future. Prof. Lull in his presentation address stated that the basic purpose of the contest was to get the students to think on their feet. It is the ideals of the contest to improve speech and give the other students of the campus the ideas of what better speeches really are like. w.s. WBAA To Broadcast Review By Literary Critic Twice Weekly “Current Books with Helen Seaton,” a new WBAA feature presenting reviews and commentary on new developments in literary fields, will be aired this afternoon at 5:15. The new program, appearing twice a week, on Monday and Wednesday, is being presented by Miss Helen Seaton, local book-re-viewer. Miss Seaton’s book-reviewing began in her high school days. Since then she has had broadcasting experience in book reviews over radio station WIBU, Portage, Wis., and station KCKN in Kansas City, Mo., where she also wrote for the Kansas City News. Her new progiam is designed for book-lovers of all ages, b.w.s.
AIF Camera Club members are requested to bring their cameras 'W! lilt am L, SHirer and film to the meeting in the west
faculty lounge of the Union tonight at 7:30 p.m. Barbara Kendall, Delta Gamma, and Mardelle Edwards, Alpha Chi Omega, will serve as models and each member will have an opportunity to arrange the lights and models in his own manner to take portraits. This will enable camera enthusiasts to obtain some portraits for' the fall exhibit next month, j.e.iu _
... noted author of “Berlin Diary” and famed war correspondent of the Columbia Broadcasting System, will speak at the Murat Temple in Indianapolis on November 4, at 8 p. m. Tickets for the lecture sponsored by the Indianapolis League of Women Voters are $1.10 and only box seats are reserved. Mail orders for tickets will be taken care of at the headquarters of the voters league located at 506 Illinois building, d.e.b.
Tau Beta Pi Pledges Tau Beta Pi, all engineering honorary, announced the names of its twenty-six fall pledges last night. The pledges will begin carrjing their Bents this Friday and will continue until Saturday, November 1. The initiation banquet has been set for Wednesday, November 5. Honor juniors elected were J. T. Youngblood, EE, and H. J. Reed, EE. Youngblood as the high ranking junior engineer, was named the Wilbur scholar. The senior pledges are as follows: C. B. Breedlove, ChE; W. A. Campbell, ChE; A. D. Croxall, ME; D. H. Daley, ME; D. A. Darr, ME; W. K. Day, ChE; G. C. Dodson, EE; J. M. Godsey, ChE; D. K. Hedden, EE; G. B. Horn, ChE; G. W. Reid, CE; P. E. Schnedler, MetE; D. Shankland, EE; J. E. Smith, EE; L. Southmayd, EE; W. H. Stanton, ChE; W. F. Stump, ME; R. J. Thomas, ME; H. H. Truitt, CE; H. E. Tweitmeyer, ME; V. C. Vanderbilt, ME; C. E. Williams, EE; K. B. Wonnell, ME; C. G. Yates, EE. Frosh Will Receive Debate Information Today; Trials Oct. 29 Freshmen interested in debate will meet today at 4 p.m. in room 310 of University Hall. At this time there will be an explanation of the debate season, purpo'se of the squad, and the criteria to be used in judging the trial speeches. Debate trials for freshmen are scheduled for Wednesday, October 29, at 4 p.m. in room 310 of University Hall. Trial speeches will consist of five-minute talks on either side of the proposition: Resolved, that the fedeial government should regulate by law all trade unions in the United States. Freshmen interested in debate but unable to attend these meetings should contact R. W. Des Jarlais, freshman coach, in room 306 of University Hall, e.h.a. Col. Beere To Talk At First Cadet Officers' Smoker Tonight At 7 Cadet officers will hold their first smoker of the year at 7 p.m. tonight in the north ballroom of the Union. Colonel Beere will be the principal speaker, and will make three awards. The U. S..Field Artillery Association medal is awarded to the advanced course student who during his junior year best exemplifies the high standard of the army in soldierly characteristics. The Albert Smith Trophy Medals are awarded to the advanced course students who make the most general improvement during their junior year and to the students who stand highest in their class at the close of summer. The Frank M. Caiy Cup is awarded to the advanced course student making the highest grade in gunnery during his junior year. A program of slides and movies taken at summer camp will be shown, and the Univeisity Glee Club will sing several numbers. Battery “A” represented by R. E. DeGarmo and W. L. Sullivan will meet Battery “B” represented by F. N. Graf and H. F. Graebnei in a “bull session.” Cigarettes, cigars and gum will be given opt during the smoker. Diess is informal, and uniforms will not be worn by the students attend-
ing. w.s.
Wesley Foundation Holds 'Popular Party' Friday At 8 Wesley Foundation invites all students to attend a “PopularParty” Friday evening from 8 to 10 at the Foundation house, 112 Sheetz Street. Martha Brown, assisted by Irobel Brady, Mary K. Baker and Doris Rockwell, will be in charge of entertainment, and Eileen Carpenter and Gladys Basinger are in charge of refreshments. w.e.r.
Torchlight Parade Will Leave Union At 7 P. M. For Stuart Field Bonfire By Lee Ruffner, Exponent Managing Editor Torches will light tomorrow night’s Homecoming pep session as it opens the Homecoming week-end. Starting in front of the Union at 7 p.m., the session will touch off the ceremonies that are to precede the game with Iowa Saturday. At ten minutes before the fateful hour, sirens will sound at various points in West Lafayette as a signal that festivities are soon to begin. Students will assemble at the Union in the light of torches that are to be carried by members of all fraternities, sororities, cooperative houses and other organized groups on campus. Members of the team will join the mob at seven and ride with the parade in cars. Co-captains Tommy Melton and Jim Miller will again lead the procession in the mascot. With the University band leading, the march is to go along State street and then up Waldron where it will be joined by women from the residence halls.
Frosh Coeds To Hear Helen Schleman Speak Af Last Collegiate Chat Helen Schleman, director of the Women’s Residence Halls, will address all freshmen women at 4 p. m. today in the auditorium of the Home Economics building in the last of a series of six Collegiate Chats sponsored by AWS. As the subject of her talk Miss Schleman has chosen the title of her book, “Your Best Foot Forward,” and will answer all of the general problems of coeds which have been handed to her by freshmen girls. Some of the questions most frequently asked that she will discuss are: how to introduce yourself to a group, how to shake hands properly, and how to acknowledge an older person in an introduction. After her talk she will try to solve specific problems which the girls may present. In the five previous discussions held this year, extracurricular activities, proper attire on campus, sororities and rushing problems have been debated. Mary Ellen Scarff and Lynn Erganbright, orientation committee members, were in charge of the discussion program. c.f.h. Sigma Nu Fraternity T0 Celebrate Golden Jubilee This Week Sigma Nu social fraternity will celebrate the golden anniversary of its founding on the University campus this Saturday with an all-day program honoring the charter members of the chapter. Alumni of the chapter here for the celebration will attend the Homecoming football game with Iowa in a body. After the game a mortgage burning at the chapter house will signalize the removal of all indebtedness on the chapter
property.
James W. Noel, member of the University Board of Trustees, of Indianapolis; Charles Cottingham, traveler and lecturer, of Alexandria, Va.; and John S. Wright, advertising director of Eli Lilly and Company, Indianapolis, three of the five charter members, will be guests of honor at the anniversary banquet in the faculty lounge of the Union, j.h.m.
Thence to Stadium where the Cary Hall contingent will fall in line and from there to Stuart field. A bonfire, built by members of Skull and Crescent, will be burning. Fireside chats by President Elliott, Mai Elward, Joe Boland, “Doc” Epple, Sc ’40, and members of the team will be given. Day Early For Team Since the pep session is being held a day earlier than usual, all members of the team can and will be A prize for the best sign shown at the pep session will be awarded by Gold Pepper, coed activity h<morary. Eligible for competition for the prize, a year’s subscription to Life (to start at any date selected by the winning group), are aH fraternities, sororities, cooperative houses and other campus organntSItions. Winners will be selected by a committee composed of members of the club. present instead of preparing for the game at Mudlavia as they usually are at this time. New Pep Session Committee Arrangements for the session were, made last night in a meeting of the newly formed committee for pep sessions at their first regularly Directions for the construction of safe and sane torches will be found on page 2. organized meeting of the year. A permanent organization was setviqp^ Dick deGarmo, head yell leader was elected chairman and plans were made for the committee to function in its present capacity for the remainder of the year. Dean A. A.PotterToSpetic Ai AIEE Meeting Tonight “Engineering Students and Defense” will be the subject of a talk by A. A. Potter, Dean of Engineering Schools, at the AIEE meeting tonight at 7:30 in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering building. Dean Potter is chairman of the National Advisory Board on Defense Training in Engineering, Science and Management. He acts to co-ordinate the work between engineering colleges, government agencies and professional engineers, and also is past national president of
ASME.
Dean Potter will answer questions after his discussion. All inter'* ested students, whether they are AIEE members or not, are invited to attend this meeting, j.e.n.
Lieutenant Charles Bassett, '38, Pilots 42-Ton Passenger Plaa^ Lieutenant Charles Bassett, ME
’38, has recently been given the job of flying a 42-ton Boeing passenger plane from New York to Lisbon and back on the winter route. Aeronautical Engineer While at the University, Bassett specialized in aeronautical engineering. Upon graduating, he entered the Army Air Corps Reseive, and received his training at Randolph and Kelly Fields. Before being transferred to his present job in New Yoik, Bassett had been flying for the Pan-Amer-ican air-lines, acting as co-pilot on DCS Douglas land planes from Brownsville, Texas to the West Indies, making an average of one and a half flights a mouth. These Doug-
las planes carry 21 passengers ribd a crew of four. The round trip to the West Indies is made in eig^t days. No Wheels The Boeing “flying boat” on which Bassett will act as second of-* ficer or navigator carries 72 passengers and a crew of 11. The "flying boat” has no wheels and is equipped with four 1,500-horsepower engines. BaJsett will fly the winter route for Pan-American on thfe sltip fiNnti New York to Lisbon and ifetuin, making a twelvi-day round tldp* Stops include Bermuda, the Aeoee8» Baloma in Africa, Brazil, TrinIdMl M^QsWW:' If : I iSM?'' 1 ±'3^ '. -
J,€f'^< |-‘W.‘J ,
Exponent Editorial Page
W^dm^sday^ October 22^
ly Purdue Hohdr’?!
Now that most students have had tests in ail of their courses, we are beginning to hear complaints and discussion about Purdue’s student honesty policy. Upperclassmen present the usual complaint about an “honor system” where students are seated in every ether' seat in every other row, while some, fteshmen, taking their rmst University examinations, are surprised to find that their honesty is being questioned by a proctoring system. We wonder if they are disgusted because an opportunity to cheat has been eliminated, or are they insulted because they have not been left strictly on their honor? We believe that most of them complain just because they want to groan about something. Many ask why Purdue doesn’t have an “honor systdm.” Such a system, to work satisfactorily, requires that every student report any case of dishonesty that comes to his attention. Purdue students wouldn’t do that. We have friends that cheat; we don’t ostracize them. In fact, many think it’s smart to cheat. They brag about their cribbing and copying, and we hear about these incidents in open conversation. As long as cheating is tolerated by the students, an “honor system” would never prove successful. The proctoring system, as explained in the Purdue Honesty booklet, imposes mutual responsibility upon teacher and student. Instructors should assume two important responsibilities. They should see that no student is given the opportunity to cheat, and they should, construct their examinations so that cribbing or copying will be of no avail. Dr. Abbott in a recent talk before the faculty said, “My experience tells me that this system with its regulations must be administered as a friendly proctoring system. Because of this fact, its administration requires a'large degree of fairness tempered with human kindness on the part of the instructor. My instructions to our staff members have been to see that the temptation to use or give help is removed from each student as much as possible; to notice and remedy any ten-
dency on the part of their students to take' or give help; and therefore not to read, write or compute while proctoring a test; to enforce the regulations in a friendly, helpful way; that, in spite of this care, some students should deliberately steer his ship out of the beam, he should be considered dishonest and dealt with'‘according to the regulations for such a student.” From the student standpoint cheating is nothing more nor less than a useless waste of time and money. It’s a gamble against overwhelming odds, since the University places stiff penalties on the one who borrows information. • ' A clever person may get away with cheating and receive better grades than one who is honest, but after/ graduation the cheater will go into industry with a remarkable collection of dishonest methods but no education. His academic training was left behind ,at school on another student’s reports and test papers. This reminds us of the story of a doctor who cheated in school. This doctor had the habit of copying pertinent information on his shirt cuffs, referring to the cuffs during tests. He also copied problems from fellow students and altered his data after seeing their results. Later in this doctor’s life, he found hirnself marooned during a flood with his little daughter, who was a Very sick girl at the time. He had his usual doctor’s bag of medicine, but his books had been lost in the flood. Of course, the laundry had removed all traces of information from his shirt cuffs. The little girl died. We are in no position to judge the accuracy of that story, but it does serve to show the educational waste that results from cheating. If everyone would realize that nothing of permanent value is gained by such actions, there would be no heed for a proctoring system of any type, since no one would crib. The University penalties are stiff for dishonest actions, but this is insignificant compared with the waste of time and -money spent for fofir years of schooling.
VttSliMTOH MERRY-QO-
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
3 Army Field Generals Slated For Replacement; Bertie Bids For NBC Blue WASHINGTON, Oct;'21, 1941.— That sweeping housecleaning of officers now under way in the Army is going right up to the top. Nothing is being said about it, but three of the commanding generals of our four field armies are slated for other assignments. They are Lt.-Gen. Hugh Drum, 62, CO of the First Army, with headquarters in New York City; Lt.Gen. Ben Lear, 62, CO of the Second Army, with headquarters in Memphis; and Lt.-Gen. John L. DeWitt, 61, Co of the Fourth Army, on the West Coast. - No immediate change is contemplated in the command of the Third Armj,', headed by tough-jawed Lt.Gen. Walter Ki uefei’, 60, with headquarters in San Antonio. •-„vAs in Ihc case of the hundreds of jother ollicer.s ousted or shifted, the three lieutenantgenerals Will be replaced chief-
ly on the basis of their showing in the field maneuvers this year. Those directed by Drum are still in progress, but there has been a lot wanting in the caliber of leadership so far displayed. The three army commanders will be succeeded by younger men with greater tactical ability. Drum, Lear and DeWitt are able organizers and trainers. Generally they have done a good job in whipping their raw armies of citizen soldiers into shape. The troops are far more fit aiid better trained than the AEF was when it went to France. But the need now is for commanders with outstanding tactical skill who can lead large armies in the field. That’s the. next important requirement of Army training—as the maneuvers and war games conclusively demonstrated. Of the four ariny commanders, Krueger displayed the best tactical skill. Much of this was due to his brilliant staff, but he is given high credit for surrounding himself with such crack assistants. Since the Louisiana war games, Krueger has added another tactical ace to his staff, Lt.-Col. A1 Grunther, as Deputy Chief of Staff. Note: Like Gen. George Marshall, Chief of Staff of the Army, none of the four COs are West Pointers. They all entered the Army from civil life during the Spanish-American war and were commissioned as 2nd lieutenants. Brifish-French Clash British and French forces have clashed on American soil the last few days, but news of the encounter has not leaked out generally. However, there was nothing secret about the battle. In fact, it occurred in broad daylight and was witnessed by a big crowd. The clash occurred between men of the Free French sub-
marine, Surcouf, lying in the harbor of Portsmouth, N. H., and the crew of two British submarines in the same harbor. Actual scene of the encounter was the playing fields of the Phillips Exeter Academy, about fifteen miles from Porthmouth. The French wore green shirts, while the British were dressed in blue. Length of the encounter was an hour and a half, divided into two 46-minute halves, with a fifteen minute intermission. In short, the sailors of the French submarine played a soccer match with the sailors of the British submarines, and the result was a tie, 2-2! , ■ , ■ America Firsf Bolter' It’s a good odds bet that a prominent member of the America First Committee will resign soon. He is Louis Taber, aggressive, white thatched head of the nation’s largest farm organization, tlie National Grange. Taber joined the Comniittee believing sincerely in its professed aim of “keeping the United States out of war,” but now frankly admits he made a mistake anil has been listening attentively to intimates who have been urging him to gel out. Though he isn’t saying so publicly, Taber strongly disagrees with America First’s , stand against aiding Britain. Also, he is bitterly critical of the Committee’s failure to repudiate the racial appeals of ex-Coldnel Lindbergh. Taber acted like anything but an American Firster when he went to the 'White House recently with other farm leaders to discuss price control with the President. Taber warmly praised the President for taking a strong stand against the dictators and for aiding Britain, and (Continued on page 3)
.;Simpson>^Smith • Flatf'er Chatter . It . seems that a lot of people arotind. don’t want to start any fires except tiny fllames, but “Father” Hinqs has other ideas . . . he’s got. everything glowing. The whole thing, started when he got thq pyromafiiaCal idea'for “Yellow Fire.” Why the ' unusual color we don’t know, hut-nevertheless it’s yellow. Ever since we first saw Eai'l “Father” Hines we’ve been a rigid d'e,votee pf his . . . and this new record only goes to , prove that we didn’t form the wrong opinion. Hines’, piano playing is known throughout the music world as some of the bestest of the best. Strangely enough there isn’t so much of his ivory pounding on this bit of wax, but what there is makes the flames grow brighter. Brown Seiction While we’re in thq brown section we can’t fail to mention Aiffie Shaw. (Now just be quiet and let us continue). Shaw has been featuring colored musicians on his last" couple of disks and if we’re not mistaken he has some. in his band. The latest number he has recorded with this group is “Blues In The Night.” This smoothest of all smooth' blues numbers features “Hot Lips” Page in the vocal refrain and bn the trumpet, and, man, can that boy give out with the blues . . . fairly tears your heart apart, Sinatra Vocal All of you Sinatra fans just make a note to be sure arid hear Tommy •Dorsey’s “Two in Love”—but soon. It features one of the slickest Sinatra vocals we’ve ever heard—arid when we say slick we mean really smooth and solid. Rumor has it that we won’t be hearing him on many more of Dorsey’s recordings, for he’s soon leaving ol’ T. D. and going into the free-lance field. • Radio Review Three of radio’s most popular singers and Dr. Prank Black arid
LUMA
LAST DAY
2 HITS
Suggestions In order that all torches in the parade be more or less uniform and at least safe, the following suggestions are made. A No. 10. can or a large syrup cnn nailed to a strong pole a{)put six or eight feet, long and about half .filled with oily; rags ,or. rags ■^bLh have been drenched ,in kerosene are considered the best form of torch to be used. Also gOod are the red torches'used-by trtickers. These should also be nailed on long poles so that the^ may burn longer. All torches of whatever 'description should be thrown into the fire when the pep Session is over. his orchestra will bring to the air tonight a new program, “American Melody Hour,” which may be heard at 9 p.m. over NBC-B. Corirad ThiBault, Vivian della Chiesa, and Prank Munn .will sing the light operatic tunes, the more serious works of opera and current popular songs which will make up the program. Dr. Black needs no introduction to most radio listeners, since he has been general music director of the National Broadcasting Company for some time, and has been heard on the Cities Service Concerts. : WBBM - 780 - CbS The Pour Sharps, also known as the, “Jiye Bombers,” and Lucille Manners, soprano, will appear as guests of the “Chamber Music Society of Lower Basin Street” on N0C-B tonight at 8 p.m. The Four Sharps, 'whose previous meeting with the “Basin Streeters” was postponed when some flats developed en route to the studios, will appear as guest instrumentalists led by Julian Gould. FRATERNITY BULLETINS Menus, Paper Napkins and Nibroc Paper Towels PHONE 7828 LAFAYETTE PRINTtNG CO.
EAT GRAVES' BAKERY PRODUCTS
■: : :- l^^r8onnel Bulletin GE Starts Industry's Quest For Men Here This Week For. many years the General Electric Copipany has employed each year g riu^b^L Purdue graduates in Mechariical. arid Electrical. Engineering. This year is to be no exception, The ekket number of men has not, yef been, determined , arid will depend fo sorrie extent on the. quality and interest, of the seniqrs themselves. However, it is expected to compare favorably with other years. Not, Easy Selection of men best suited to the needs of a particular company .is not;,a, simple nor, an easy task. Certainly it cannot be done by mere reference to the written records. Nor is it possible to be fair to the men and to the company by using simple, brief interviews for these selections. With this thought in mind, the General Electric representatives will hold themselves available for interviews on several occasions throughout the school year so that each interested senior may see them several times,,^ .become better acquainted,, arid,'fbps. permit more careful selection on both' sides. Talks Start Tomorrow l. Beginning tomorrow, Thursday, October 23, and through Saturday morning, three General Electric men and Purdue graduates, C. C. Adams, ’05, M. Q. Allen, ’16, and P. Y. Tunly, ’09, will be in the Electrical Engineering Building to talk to as many as possible of the sen,iors who are interested. In order that certairi general informatibn, ■ ■which is always pre-
sented, may be given'Withdtii too | much repetition in mdi'vidtial'inter'^ ; iviews, a meeting will bn .hfeU In tho ’ large auditorium'ip ithe Electrical Building at 4:00 p.m. on Thursday, October 23. All senior Electrical/ and Mechanical Engineers are urged ' to attend this meeting, if possible, in addition to the interview in, the Electrical Building. Individual Interviews ' v . The, balance of the avaiiable, will be devoted to interviews of individuals or small groups. Since these interviews are preliminary,to the offering of positions, it isiiriiportant that seniors attend. There will be ample opportunity for. open discussion of the General Electric Company and the possibilities it offers to engineers. Both the senlprs and the Compariy representatives will have a chance to become better acquainted so that later iri the year both may be better able to decide about offers and acceptances. These same compariy representatives will return sonie time during the middle of the year^ for another similar visit. Finally, in the Spring, they will return again with M. M. Boring, Director of Personnel of the General Electric Company. At that time definite .offer.p will be made to those seniors selected'as best fitted for the positions open. ' It js recommended ^ that fiveiy » senior start thinking about ii' job now. To wait until next spring is not being fair to himself ripr to, Ihe representatives of industry \Vho come here to see him. This visit provides an opportunity to investigate one particular company. The later visits allow him to become,better acquainted and to compare this with other companies with whom he may have had interviews. It is .only thus that one can make a fair comparison and assure himself the best possible chance of success. ' >
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayette
— ALSO — ‘‘White Eagle” Serial
GREETING CARDS i FOR ALL OCCASIONS I
RYTEX PERSONAL STATIONERY
iversitv Beok Store
Across From Union “Red** Sammons *29 “Doc*** Epple *40
ONE OF WEST SIDE'S NOTABLE RESTAURANTS There's something more to Tom's than fine food and well organized service. Some people call it "ATMOSPHERE." Whatever it is, YOU'LL LIKE IT. TOM’S RESTAURANT 301 University Street
fijVtduiL pxfiomnL All-American 1940-'4I
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rale of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail sub-
scriptions, $4.00.
Editor-in-Chief Ned A. Ochiltree Business IV^natrer .......Don 8. Powers
News Editor.. Sports Editor...
.John h. Traugott Phil Johnson
Managing Editor...
Coed Editor..
..Leland W. Kullner Ruth Rose
Publication Staff
l Business Staff
Aasociate Editora Editurial Staff: J. F. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, K, h. Hadley. F. I. Jones, K. G. Kieper, Spurts Staff: 0. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J, S. Keeler. Aioed Staff: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatlield, Jane Bamsdell.
Coed Businesii Manager: Donna Siesa; Office Manager: Le« Bussong. Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D, Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Francis Lloyd, .duiia Martin.
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792i Editorial After 10 P, M., 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers . Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
XT- X. . I?.. Reporters: W. Summers, K...G. Roquemore, B. W. Squire. Night Editor. Fraser p Stenberg, C. Wattleworth, C. Hass, P. G: HoU'man, J.
Might Editor: Kieper lasije fjlditor; Hoskins
Day Editor: • Boynton
Lauer, W. IS. Jlutert, A. Wickard, E. Ahrens, B. DeMars,
D. Shryer.
TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE. FATHER TAKES A WIFE with ADOLPH MENjOU gloria SWANSON — PLUS — WAGONS ROLL AT NIGHT with HUMPHREY BOGART SYLVIA SIDNEY 'Ml
STARTS THURSDAY DOUBLE FEATURE TILL WE MEET AGAIN with GEORGE BRENT MERLE OBERON — PLUS — , „ GENTLEMAN FROM CALIFORNIA with RICARClb CORTEZ
SEE WHAT GOES ON BEHIND THE DOORS OF A MODEL'S BOUDOIR!!
Can a beautiful mo(M
OARIN61.Y, MOOSRH.'
PLUS —THIS DARING ADDED pEATfURETTE HOW TO BECOME A MODEL INTIMATE —REVEALING —SPICY
^MIPNITE SHOWS ONLY THURSDAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY
, ADULTS ONLY ALL SEATS
35c PLUS TAX
MARS —THURSDAY - FRlDAfc
SHELDON LEONARD • BARBARA AlL|Eil; j! EDWARD BROPHY • WARREN HYlIiilk,]
MMKEIl!, — THURS. - FRL - SAT. LAVGHSkmi4
DOUGIAS-HUSSEY • DREW
-'I'
>' I 61' I \ “
- ' I
m<1
o
A
’1L '!h
^•/■B-'-g.-ie-^av-
«ii ^ i. Speafenkvat -ai dmn^l . jWafetini, V i!gijSotP^^!il“at:%^ia, .discussed ‘^I'He feffect ■ of Natiorialx :.’,'■ [■^.sfeiisa ^;od,’
of, Uhi-
.:^iO:l()—Curio'Man
,;:i'0:i&-T]!^i&icxx., ■,, . ,
’ ' '‘Id lifS titfe Pottof, isffld is Oh’ftir-
e man of the Rational Advisory Com-
'orurti
'i'v^l'i2-?ip^‘f3^et‘itn« '»iniiu- :, Z'l fi0o-^,tt?l6dh'’-^os^tirog:y'
-'./•irdiJ-Vtiisl'i';
^^i(|[|itfea’dn ■;in^hdsyihy,:. Scian^d and
Managdmeiil ^'T^aitiid^i; -di^^^^
F.i) 4 the' expansion o?n8ncdtiO|ial tWiI^^ ties, the pkW fc|ing^;j^:^d i^''lllie ‘l&ifiydCsrtyf add tSdtyijOS of tVaihed • man, ’ deeded dy d In-
■' dus:triissr ' ■' ' " "''" "”
, 1. 8:lS--i|ip:feV Miirfcai Pro ;:'i grams*’ ',.: . 3:30—Orgdii'^lSioAds .'■ '^4#’(Pii?dri)iidl"lDdne8.' ■■■is|0;::}||ppax . ^■
?'?5:46—Clirid W ■::X6:6P-MyC' ’’ "■6:66r^:imAer,
Xfeisfcpsi*®",;. <>v X6 .-dB—Meldfiy' MaMs ;'■ _ ■ ■ ',' v' 7 :b0-^Syi%H6Sffy Hkii' 'x::'8 :b0—^apd Arit-^o'Me ■ i 8; arching Aidftg '8:3d4tei?^'ht’iab Moef 8t45^t%of»f the Pros'd Box 9:00—^Irv Given’s Band
;.;"'0:3d-4
isic
'^.V^Jtihe alternating with Afternoon Melodies.
pmphasis upon ttie seriousness' of the problem facing the nation to-
d«y.;Ag;if, TOUGHBALn
/ , WedhesS^^^
Fidd^''^'*' -., - ■
:i . Acficilii ■ >* ■ 2 ■ e|fy%ih’8 jiaii !'■ ■’'8 8"v8 4
-ydneA
4 Hall 5 vs CBify'haU 7 ■ 8 ;j®y Hall 6 vs fedjl 8
Freyman
6 Gary Hall 9 vB GSr^ Hsll -7 CWy 'HSll 10 '^B CaSy^ilttl iB
Mdet '
8 Cary H«ll U . vS Cary.. Halt 14
StBhhans'V■,■■■'','■ . ALL CAM.Pljs, badminton
WedneMay, October 22
^Kahlfer’or WeSlr Vb S. Dial or Koch
'Obllt^sf VB. Fred' WyM. B. Jones Altjierr ■
m
■ . UniveVsity Aerpmpdeler clqb held its 'annual fall ftight contest last Sunday with a relatively small entry list of five contestants. Gif Holden, secretary of. Aerpmpdeler, won first prize ' in the meet, sending his yellow and black gas model up for a total of one and one-half minutes. The hrst prisie trophy, won by Holden, is a unique affair consisting of an inverted galvanized pie tin for the base, a Maxwell House Coffee can, a large sized tin can, a funnel, and a ten cent store model airplane mounted on top. Aeromodeler’s next competition will take place in the Fieldhouse November 2, with contestants from all over the state taking part. This meet, an annual affair, normally takes place in some Armory, but since expansion of the army for defense, an Armory is not available. ,W.g.h. ,
“Right tiiFh at the flagpole, lady, forwa,rd ten paces, left oblique past the mess hall] forward, column right, halt, ‘ - , and it’s right there!”
,13 ri(a% Members To Attend Pest ifo lei t^nvenliS /on Meeting
Wonnell vs MBlnzer or Belury “-ff-
Sup. vs* Stant^^or Clearwater
Prof. Jv J. Davis of the entomol-
THirteen members of the Univer- ogy department will attend the ‘sitjr faculty: will paricipate in the meeting of the National Pest Cbn'ariiiUar'meelihg of the Indiana trol Association to be held in San state Teacher’s Association at In- Francisco from Oct. 27-29.
dianapoiis tomorrow, Friday and
Saturday. ' '■
Prof. O.' F. Hall, of the depai’t- p,
meni, ;bf edficatibn and applied psy- nngmg
delegates at epresentatives
Bureau of Ento-
at; Gary T ^"i^ersity of Califor !l^ShibHowiH|):lld# The |ubiect% ^^ department for^^er p^sjdent of the^ organza- nia and the Pest Con
r; ;'X.,
I. K. Jeraim.
Doris Piper
. . . assistant in the applied desi^ dbpartifieint]'haiWri{te'fi an ar- ' ;i ’ tl&b’, “MbAerh' Hdrirbrs/,’^ which was
At the meeting Prof. Davis will speak on “Keeping Up with he
Pest Control Assbcia-
tAlk will be “\^oice Problems of hcbera^Ph'd/BupilsKi'' •>!' vt ''' pATBONizi Exponent
ADVfiRTI&EHS “
NeaHy 66 per :gM|fof families with children' in college have in
tibn and 'former head of the Uni- i’°l Operators, b.w.s.
vefsity’s department of education.
Other' members of the 'faculty Prof. O. F. Hall
Goody's l^ine SJio«$ Goodwin's Sfipe Store 302. Sr8»«''
icomes of less than $3,000 a Veari'. participate in the program ' ... ? < 4re Dr.:E. F. Degering, Dr. Louis
MON
i-S
John SpOrn Ndwo. 822-24 Main Sf.
. division of education and ap-
M. Sears, Prof. Dorothy A. Bovee, plied psychology, will represent the
Prof. Muriel G. McFarland, Prof, .L. S. Winch, Robert Horn, Prof. H, G. McComb, Dr. C. H. Lawshee,
University and the American Council on Education at the inauguration of President Sparks 'of Wabash
Prof. .Mark: Stigers, Prof., T. K. College Saturday at Crawfords-
and Dr. ville. Prof. Hall is an alumnus' of
Wabash.
Noss, Prof. R. R. Ryder, H. H. Remmers. w.e.r.
P,.-=
.But—^id .there ^ur^Ju^oks in our Union ?, Books you would lilfie, Ijo rpad —• modern, stirring novels — prexy’s own “5 Foot Library”—all for your pleasure and enjciyiuent.
And
jypg r^gh^e^iFe^ pot like g, library
but is cptUifprtaillle: with couches, easy chairs — and a cheery Are? ■■ ■ 'C, \_liTi P . f'A. ■'i' K.-':-'^ ■v hivph’t been there yet — tpiiiorrow 'surtj!;',’X,,; ,, y; y '
WmMiat IMmL **The Corner of the Campus— And the Center of Activities*’
Begin This Afferneon Tryouts for the next Playshop production will be held today and tomorrow at 4 and 7 p. m. in Fowler Hall, according to William L. Deam, assistant director of Playshop. “The Petrified Forest,” written by Robert SherWood, is the play for which the cast is to be selected. The love drama takes place at a lonely barbeque and gas station located in the Arizbna desert. Gangsters provide action throughout the play. Deam urges everyone interested in an acting part to try out tomorrow, p.s. Art Guild Radio Program To Feature Hoosier Artist Tonight at 8 the Student Art Guild radio, program over WBAA will present June Burkholder, prominent Hoosier artist who lives in West Lafayette. Her oil paintings hang in numefous plac^ throughout the campus, including Cary Hall and WRH. Her main specialty is flowers and she is often seen working with specimens of the University gardens. She will be on the program with her daughter and will , be interviewed by Chet Stoeckel arid Ernest Nordlinger of the Art Guild. Mrs. Burkholder has won state and national awards at many competitive shows. She will reminisce about her early interest in art as, a student, e.w.n.. • • ... , *5 PIA To Hold Dessert Party In Union Tomorrow At 7 PIA will hold its annual dessert party tomorrow night at ,'7 in the faculty lounge of the Union. This party will offer independent women a chance to better acquaint themselves with the various opportunities offered by the organization. Phyllis Scholl and Jeanne Miller will furnish musical numbers during the dessert course, after which there will be some informal games. Members of the PIA board will be introduced and will explain the activities of the organization. The party will last about art hour, r.w.b. ' ■
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
^appa Sigs Aeguire Addition to Our GiantCanineCutups By Gordy Hoffman Latest addition ^to the UhiveTsl^’s canine, life arrived at the Kappa Sig bouse Monday in "the form of Mark, a giant tan and white Great Dane. Mark, who weighs in at IBO pounds, is about IB pounds under his usual weight but is expected to regain his old condition on hiS daily diet of raw meat and vegetables. The former property of an Army officer, Mark spent his early days in an Army camp where he became accustomed to large numbers of people. Since coming to the campus, his favorite pastime is to ride in an open convertible. In fact, once Mark gets in a car of any sort, it becomes difficult to remove him. Mark is well trained and is ready to extend his huge white paw to returning alumni this week-end. He also seems capable of preventing any more robberies in his new home. Merry Go Round (Continued from page 2) wound up by inviting him to be the main speaker at the Grange’s 75th Anniversary convention in Worcester, Mass., next month. “It’s been eleven years since you addressed one of our conventions, Mr. President,” said Taber; “that was our 1930 meeting in Rochester when you wbre governor of New York. We’d be deeply honored to have you again.” The President warmly thanked Taber but regretfully begged off, saying that the international situation “keeps me chained to my desk.” However, he promised to send a message and said he would be at the Worcester meeting in spirit, if not in person. “You see,” he grinned, i “I have been a member in good standing of the Grange for 27 years. It’s one of my main, interests at Hyde Park.” Monopoly Breeder For an anti-monopoly crusader, tall, scrappy FCC Chairman Larry Fly is producing some peculiar re-
sults.
One of the major items of his sensational radio report'was the demand that the National.Broadcasting Company diyest itself of one of its two networks, the Blue. Basis of Fly’s ruling was that possession of two networks by one concern was monopolistic. Highest offer so far made to NBC for its Blue network has come from Col. “Bertie” McCormick, who is (1) the arch-isolationist publisher of the Chicago Tribune, (2) owner of WGN, one of the most powerful radio stations in the country, and (3) one of the largest stockholders of the Mutual Broadcasting System. If McCormick should gain posession of the Blue network he would become the biggest and most powerful radio tycoon in the U. S. Note: Strong defender of Fly’s report was the Mutual Broadcasting System. (Copyright, 1941, by United Feature Syndje^^te, Inc.) Tickets For 'Oiir Town' To Go On Sale Tomorrow starting tomorrow, tickets will be on sale for 50, cents qach for “Our Town,” Thornton Wilder’s Pulitzer Prize winning play .and next Playshop production. It will open Nov. 1 at 8 p. m. in FoWler
Hall.
“Our Town” was presented with the sarne cast during the last sum“mer session.
llbt£iai
Mceliank«f Zngdnecfs: The Amerie««1i(»* cletjr <rf Mccbaeical Enjfineero menii»efBfni» aiti(l{<!atiotul ntav fie obtained in the getteral office of the Mechanical Engjrtww
traildi^g.
F«i«e»»: Att men
ience report to, the .third noon ot waiFfeWhooite, Tua., Wfe*. Of* Thaw., OeL'», 22,
or 23 betireen 3 and 5 p.m. Brtpg. and eqaipment if posaibic, —‘tOylf'S Siama Delta CW PIed«iw: GA yoBr pl*i
ques from the office by TMtfiiv,'0<A6ber
28, or they will be thro^-^^^^^-. Slama Delta Chi: DinHeir nteeilitlt far alt
actives Wednesday, Oei. 29, at ft at.Sycamore. , -yTKAIIGPfK ^
N. T. A. Workars: Cheelcb'fOiir perMLen^
ing Oct. 7 are now ayailabte at Cashter'a
office in the Executive Building,
—HOLLBNBBK
GiAilet-Activca and Pledgcfti: fNfttaf TStt Delta will be host for the regular dinner meeting on Thura. evening, Oet, 23! at 6 p.m. —JOHN^W A.W.S;r there will be a iiieeffftlf of SlI coed Independent and Cooperative Presidents or representatives on Wediiar^y,: Oct. 22, 4-6.p,m. in Room 303 of the .Union, ' % .-^SERBAIP ' PIA Members: Petitions will Be aeceptM for men’s activities chairman and ch^fotgn of south ward until Wednesday, .Oct..22>'at 4 p.m. those submitting petitions rinhft be present at PIA office 4 p.m. on Wej^^fey. Catalyst. Actives and Pledges: ^tnuiljn-. itiaiion has been changed from Wed,, Oct. 22 to thurs., Oct. 23 in room the Chem and Met Building at 7:30 p.m. PlMges bring fuil boxes. All monbers sira' l&t in Dr, Lovell’s office. —YOpEK Flying. Club: Beguiar meeting bn Wed. Ocf. 22 in Room 305 of Union at 7 d(>,p.m.
—BABtCBF
Marriage Course: Meet in front of Lbeb'a at 5:00 p.m. sharp vn W^-. Ont,^3. Will be through by 6:00 p.m. . —DAVIS Alpha Zeta: Don’t miss meeting oii "fliursdpy, Oct. 23, in Room Ml of thnUntan. , Bring semester’s dues, —sWAIM' Purdne Gymnastic Club: Practice ererr week-day from 4-ft p.m. 'Eumblnig’: and hand-balancing every Tues^ ’Thura...and Sat. Apparatus work every Mon., 'Wedf. and Fri. Those interested are asked to work out at the indicated times, —FOZER Engineer Staff: Miller, Pearson,: Fitter and Tilton will please come to the Engineer office Wednesday, Oct. 22, at 4 p.m.
—HAWKINS
Skull and Crescent: Meeting in Room 2S3 of Union, Wednesday, Oct. 22. :—^MENKE PAC: Important meeting Wednesday, Qrt. 22, at 4 p.m. in Elward's office. Please plan to attend. . —ADAMS, ‘ WAA: No girl caii'enter modern dance after Friday, Oct. 24. Practices this week are Wednesday, Oct. 22, and. Frifey. Cfet. 24 at 4:00 p.m. --SEKBAIr Independent Women f All inde^ndent Wjament are invited to the annual ilid^g^Went dessert party Thursday, Oct. 23, at 7:00 p.m. in the Faculty Lounge of the Union.
—SMl’TH^
Expbniint Coed Business Sfi6f: XU Pr^hmen, sophomores, arid juniors YvKn *0** should report to the office Wednesday, Oct, 22, between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. Youi; cooperation is desired- , —tSEeSS AWS Executive Board: Meeting'Wednesday, Oct. 22, at 7.:30. p.m. in. AWS pff^
—McCULLOUipf
Alpha Lambda Delta: All members wanting pins must place order before Wednesday, Oct. 29. Price is J3.75.-Bring or-send money to South Hall, room 233. , ^
’ —COHNTHWAmr^
Alpha Lambda Delta Initiates: Dues must be paid before Wednesday, Oct. 29. Bring or send $4.25 to South Hall, room 233.
^COBNTHWADfE
Coed Business Staff; Staff for V?%dnesday„ Oct. 22, is Martin, Keim^Biddell, FlbJney, Ejeps and Wilson. —SIBSS. Military Students: The following studente are asked to try out for the piatot ,team October 27 at 4:00 p.m. in the Aymo^: C, E. Bosma, M. E, Bunker,, K. S. Burnside, D. D. Dial, C. W. Doldv C. -D. Emerson, B. C, Fricke, J. R. Hoesel, ,B.: ilL.Tee, J. H. Loudenback, R. M. McKee, S. A. Nussmeier, R. Vanveld and H. Wakeland.
—BROWN.
Camera Club: Meeting in south “ tower Wednesday, Oct. 22, at 7:30 pun. Bring cameras. BBANII ] Newman Club: There will be a pjfetfflg of all those interested in decorating the ballroom for the Barnyard Frolic Wednesday, Oct. 22, in room 232 of the Union.
—BARR
Clalsified
I AU. Nit fiUnriBSAT , THE SANrtONE CUANBRSs
iZ
WED»NESI)AY and Look
at Poor Annie-—,, But Thanks to American’s
> PROMPT SERVICE and, SANITONE PROCESS This is the way she \yill look on THURSDAY
PHONE 3085
132 Northwestern
Typewriters—Adding machines. aU.iiigktt sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mlhieograph and multigraph work done. C. J. Ebersh'off, 605 Main. Phone 2779, L^ayette. . ^ Money to Loan: on anything of value. AlberPs Loan Office. Pawnbrokers ahff Jew.elers, 407 Columbia St , Single, . Room: Firat floor. Next to bathPrivate family, reasonable. 4i0 Maple Sf. Phone 35683. Lost: General Ghemisfry II book in Axmory. Please call-Bob Preal. !65g04. Lost: Log-Log-Slide Rule. Initials. R. A. D. on case. Ralph Dise engraved on rule brace. Call—Dise, 8444‘ *" Student wanted to work for his roans. Phone .3768. , 1' iLqst: Kand E log-log-.Decitrig slide rule. Name 'W. NewiU on case. Call 8446. - Lost: Lady’s white gold wristwatch'::ill O.S.U. pep session. Reward. Room. ICfl. W. R. ^ j-v. ■ ■
Cr ^. Mew under-arm Cream Deodoraiif
safely
Stops Perspiratiom
1. Does not lot dresses or tnea’s shitts. Does (KWittiatte skto. 8. -No waiting'ria dtv. Cm be used ri&hfrgfter sbgving. 3. InSiantlF stops: perspiration for I to 3 da^. Removes odoc &6ah-p«r3ipusnbon. 4m A {Hire; wbitty greaseless* stainless vanishing cream. 5. Arrid has been awarded the Approval Seftlofthe Ametican InscitBte.pfi^uadetiap foe ot)tioR.*barmj[e^ to fabttes. Anid is fhe largest SSUn«l IIEODQRA^ ^ '^***^*
39^ •jar
At altinacM wiliug Mitat ffanii (•Iso fas 104 and SIN:
' .!.. . ,.n ',1^,
■ -
:r3
t%Q
ifei
Wednesday^ October
by Phil Johnson • Beginning—^The 'Wear Your Derby And Toss It Up ' At Homecoming^ Campaign, Or, 'It's Never Too
Late'
• We hereby go on record as 100% booster of the “WEAR YOUR DERBY AND TOSS IT UP AT HOMECOMING” campaign. The purpose of Ibhe campaign is to give fourth year men who were denied the privilege ,-that is due all Purdue Seniors who get by freshmen chemistry, English 1 and on into their fourth year, the privilege of throwing their derbies At the first home touchdown. There has been a great change in the Boilermakers since the majority of the students saw them against Vanderbilt. Just ask any student who saw either the Panther or Buckeye battles. The team is just as sorry ;a6 the students for the deficiency of scoring in that first galme. • Chance to Make Everyone Happy i Therefore, in order to 'feive the team a chance to redeem themselves and a chance for all seniorf to fulfill that age old custom, the “WEAR YOUR DERBY AND TOSS IT UP AT HOMECOMING” movement has been originated. It’s a move to give the team a new start, a start toward 'finishing off the remaining five opponents in order. • It’s all up to the seniors. Are we going to go through school without getting all of the benefits available to our predecessors ? Do we want to have anything interfere with our graduating as full fledged Boilermakers? Get on the ball. Dig that discarded derby from the dirty closet corner or from the nail-on your wall above the Petty picture where it is hanging, and wear it at a jaunty angle to the game. We’ll bet it won’t be many minutes after the start of the game until your dandruffy scalp will be staring unprotected into the sun. • Gold Peppers'Two Cents Worth , It won’t be just overdue derbies that will float skyward just follow•ing the Boilermakers’ first score Saturday. The Gold Peppers are seeing to that. They’re well into an extensive campaign to sell gold and black gas filled balloons to be loosed at the same time the derbies face de- • Btruction. One whole balloon, with gas, string and all, for just a measly thin dime. • It's Iowa's Turn-—Or Is It? ^Most of us remember (how could we forget it) the horrible, bloody Homecoming game two years ago with Iowa when All-American Mike ■Enich blocked two Boilermaker punts to spoil the day 4-0. Then last [year Purdue retaliated at the same occasion at Iowa to come from beVhind and win 21-6. Let’s hope we get out of this rut Saturday.
the top four men at the annual cross country banquet. Scores tabulated last Friday showed the following standing: Bancker 3116Livinghouse 2773 Anthony ^619 Morrison 1887 Jentsch .....i 1769 Vaile ............1661 Brebner 1463 Fritchman .....1357 Kreile ..;... ..1367 Farnsworth ...,:.1241
Soitermaleer Sports Parade
Alpha Chi Rho Wins Fraternity Cross Country
n- , r' I • c. If Vickery Wins Ovei Riveter Coaching StaH cm Rnte
Continues Light Practice
For the third consecutive week the Boilerinaker football squad must abandon much needed practice scrimmages in favor of lighter drills, for fear of aggravating the injuries of certain members of the team or inciting a new string of mishaps such as threatened the team a few weeks ago. Melton Out ■■■ . ——
are tabulated. The fraternity haying the lowest accumulative tot^l is declared the winner, and each succeeding total is placed accordingly. '
Winner of the inter-fraternity cross country meet yester- New Course day afternoon was Bill Vickery of Phi Kappa Psi fraternity. first time, Vickery crossed the finish line twenty-five feet in front of his in previous years nearest competitors, breaking the tape in the excellent time contestants have run around the of 8:11.8. I-". intramural field. This year, how-
Large Entry List whether he had to run, walk* Gus Boughan and A1 Arnold of crawl across the line. Alpha Chi Rho fraternity tied for Alpha Chi Rho Champs
or ever, a one mile and three quarters track was followed. Starting at Cary Lane, the track runs by the stadium, past the tennis courts.
This unfortunate situation is due
efit of suflficient practice, and that
in part to the fact that injuries sophomore players sustained in last Saturday s battle conditions continue
with Ohio State will undoubtedly
as they are at the present time. El-
make it impossible for Co-captain
Tommy Melton to see action against frequently on his second
Iowa’s Hawkeyes when they invade the Ross-Ade stadium next Satur-
day for the Boilermakers’ annual
homecoming day contest.
As if this weren’t enough, Barry French, whose recent removal from
year talent to carry the brunt of the Boilermakers’ attack.
Roving Gridman
One of the outstanding players on the field last Saturday was Ohio
the sick list made it possible for State s Lindell Houston, a sophohim to participate in the Buckeye ^'eore guard from Buckeye coach game, may be forced to miss the Paul Brown’s own high school team, Iowa tilt because of a recurrence Ohio. Lindell, a big, of his leg-injury. Bob Hajzyk, sen- I'^ngy 190 pound man figured in sational sophomore field general, is Ohio States first score, a safety, another player whose status as a which eventually decided the conpossible starter against the Hawks test. An interesting sideline is
is doubtful.
Doesn’t Risk Scrimmage
Although he realizes that the team needs scrimmaging as much as anything else, Mai Elward stktes
brought to light by Lindell’s experiences as a promising freshman football star, a story so unusual
that it is hard to believe.
After graduating from Massillon,
thathe b'elleveVthelack of capable Houston entered the University of line replacements combined with Michigan where he played on the the risk of further injuries to the squad. Dissatisfied there, he
came to Purdue where he rerhained about three weeks before moving on to the University of Tennessee. He soon severed his relations with that southern team only to move
second and ^third positioni^, R. J. The team championship went to t}jj.ough the picnic grounds, and Todd of Delta Chi was fourth, and Alpha Chi Rho whose men finished around the short golf course, to the
he was followed by Bpb Willi of in second, third, and sixteenth po- original starting place,
the Theta Chi liouse in fifth /lace, sitions, giving them a low total of Vickery, the winner, is a freshBefor4 starting time the entry twenty-one points. Delta Chi was man in the forestry school, and hails list had swelled to 12B hopefuls second with thirty-two, and they from Indianapolis. He won three leteach aspiring to win points for his were followed by Alpha Kappa ters in track at Technical High own organization in the Greek Lambda, Acacia, and Delta Tau School and is the present holder of Walkathon. According to the rules. Delta respectively. the Indianapolis city record for the
if three of the participants from The method of team scoring is mile run. each house cross the finish line, as follows: The numbbr of the fin-
their fraternity receives twenty- ishing positions of each team is re- A special scholarship is mainfive participation points. Every en- corded, and the three lowest of tained at Dartmouth college for a trant was determined to finish these number^ among their entrants “religious man from Missouri.”
AnVERTISINCx SALEMBHBteM^
ONE HOUR ONLY, THURSDAY 4 P. M. TO 5 P. M. $15®® UNDERWOOD -- SHAVER
FOUR SHAVING EDGES
TWO SHAVING HEADS
Only 109 to be sold at this l-hour sal^by arrangement ■with the manufacturer of this nationally-advertised dry shaver we are limited to 100 only. We suggest you attend this sale early to avoid disappointment.
Decathlon Program With the annual autumn decathlon competition already long ^ast its usual stopping time, the coaches in charge of the event have decided to extend the affair for another week. Several men have completed the schedule of ten events, but the majority need more time for the completion of their tests. The ten events which make up ,the decathlon are the 75 yard dash, 330 yard dash, 660 yard run, threequarter mile run, broad jump, high jump, pole vault, shot put, discus, and 120 yard low hurdles. Contestants receive points according to their nearness to a standard mark. 'Last fall, Stroyeck won the decathlon, with this year’s track captain, Burt Anthony, finishing second. Trophies are awarded to
Fraternity Bowling
squad makes body contact entirely out of the question at the puesent. Limited to light practice drills, the: team will go through the re-
mainder of the week seeking to per- „ ,, . feet a pass offense, and particularly ^ ^o Tulane University, stressing protection for the passer, ® ^ a feature that Was noticably absent landed on the Ohio State campus in the Ohio State fracas. ^o remain, or at Timing. Stressed least indicated so. r.w.d.
Considerable time will be spent
in developing timing and ball hand- jDo/iJfll/? CaUU
ling among the backfield men, with
special attention being placed upon ... Boilermaker swimming honeach man carryings.out his assign- orary, takes pleasure in announcment to the letter; a point which ing the pledging of the following Elward has been stressing all sea- men: Phil Snyder, Pflil Sigler, John son. , Dilley, John Youengst, Claude La Mai indicated that he was pleased Baw, Herman Bauer, Vernon Hanwith the way the Riveters operated sel. Bill Snead, Clifford Erickson, against Ohio State, considering that Joe Hazelwood, Wally Grubb, and they were playing without the ben- Miller Nourse.
IF YOU CANNOT ATTEND THIS SALE, Leave . MONEY BEFORE SALE AND YOUR SHAVER WILL BE SAVED FOR YOU.
$t .9 9
1942
NEW MODEL
Just plug: in and shave. Will pay for itself in savings on blades, soap,
brush, powder, etc.
NO CATCH TO THIS—Just pay $1.99 and it’s yours The Only Dry Shaver in the World
With All These Features
Ivory Case, Rubber Grip, Pigtex Pouch Lifetime Guarantee De Luxe Shoving Head — Distinctive Streamlined Design—Self Sharpening— No Radio Interference—Precision Built —Tool Steel Cutting Blades—Self-Start-ing—Approved by Underwriters Lab.— Multiway—All-Beard Piefc-Up—Requires No Oiling.
This is the only time Underwood DoubleHead Dry Shavers Will Be Sold for less than $15.00 in this
city.
LIMIT 2 TO A COUPON
COLLEGE BOOK STORE SORRY, NO MAIL ORDERS!
Wednesday, October 22 6:30 Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Sigma Pi. Alpha Sigma Psi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 8:45 Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Delta Tau Delta vs. Acacia.
•Lucien Lelong’s newest gadget for face'fixingl “Quick Change” (like a conductor’s change maker) bolds three luscious lipsticks, ready to take you anywhere. Pin it on your lapel—clip it on to your belt or tuck it in your pock*, et. Right down your boulevard, if you like to go places;
Fin it otv'
CoBtaioi Ntoole Pink, Robin Hood Wl&out clkn fit fioiab with pio clip, $1.25,
DECKER’S 518 Main SL Phone 5036
BOLD AND BRIGHT is the only way to describe the cotton flannel plaid shirts at Geisler's. There's a great variety of color combinations lor you men to choose from . . . .. all guaranteed to dazzle even the faintest of hearts. .
ONE DOLLAR WILL BUY FOR YOU the cleverest perfume novelty ever —a perfumed lamp, with liquid that burns. It gives off a delightfully mild fragrance — you can take your pick of three; gardenia, carnation, or spice. See it at the University Drug Store.
by
le
FOUND AT THE 5 AND 10 a REAL bargain in black and brown leather zipper notebooks. They come in four sizes, and are equipped with an automatic opener. Cost? Only $1.35. For these, and all those other little things you keep forgetting to buy, visit the Purdue 5 and 10.
MAKE A DATE tor Sunday supper at the Chestnut Room of the Union. Interesting menus are planned for Sunday evening suppers here, and yen'll find the food to be delicious and the prices reasonable.
THERE'S NO GREATER COMPLEMENT to feminine beauty than cultured pearls. Single, double, triple strands (and even five or six) are included in the assortment at Lodde's, and cost from $1.75 on up.
LOOK YOUR LOVELIEST at the formal dances this winter in a formal or a new evening wrap from the gorgeous array at Palais Royal. Here you'll find the latest styles and gowns that are made for YOU.
FOR COLD AND STORMY WEATHER you men will want a fingertip-length reversible coat from the enormous supply at Gullion's. They come in covert, corduroy, or camel's hair, with a rain and snow-repellant gabardine on the reverse side.
TRAMP . . . TRAMP . . . TRAMP the boots are mqrching this season — through rain.and snow.. If you don't own a pair, you'd better stop in at Smith's soon. Here you'll find Campus and Military Gaytees bools in black, tan, red, white, and blue.
SO SWEET AND ADORABLE are the little toy animals at the University Book Store, that you'll surely want to own several. These wee furry creatures, (with a cost as small as their size) are just the thing for dresser-top or knick-knack shelf.
THE LOLLYPOP SHADES are new dress colors that will set you gaga. Loeb's features them at the sports bar in lovely pastel Shetland pleated skirts with long-sleeyed jersey blouses to match.
A SMART COIFFURE adds loveliness and lustre to your hair, and oh, so much, to your own self esteem. Make an appointment at Loeb's Beauty Salon by calling 7901 . . . and find out tor yourself how much their large staff of trained operators can do for YQU.
THE OFFICIAL UNIVERSITY DIRECTORY is delayed, but in the meantime Southworth's Who's Where Directory is still in operation — you are invited to use it, because it is for YOU and your service. And don't forget that there is still time to register in this Directory and be eligible tor the drawing for prizes (date to be announced later).
YOUlL BE SURPRISED at the amount of quality present at such a low cost in the new sweaters at Queen City./Your old favorite, the sloppy cardigan, is there in every color in the rainbow, along with your new favorite, the V-neck, in solid and argyle weaves. You'll also like the clever novelties in chenille, two-tone and cable-knits. '
GET A LIFT with a new fall lelt hat. Whether it's a dressy or a sport hat you prefer, you'll find one to suit your fancy, and your budget, at Adler's.
SWEET AND SMOOTH is the music on two of the newest records at the Foster Shop. Artie Shaw's "This Time the Dream's On Me" features Bonnie Lake at the vocal, while T. Dorsey gives us another of those popular Sinatra vocals, "A Sinner Kissed An Angel."
■if
* I A