/
iff
Varsity Show Control Board Announces Managerial Jobs
Purdue
Z.lts
Exponent
Volumo 51# No. 121
Wednesday, February 28, 1940
Bur
9
Ted Shawn Group To Dance Lihertad^ Tonight Work For "Sweethearts"
Starts Friday At Meeting
Darner Makes start As Minister Only To Change Mind After Long Illness
By Donna Seiss
How far apart are the proverbial poles? Even they may not seem so far apart to you as preaching and dancing. Yes, it may seem a long stretch of" the imagination for you to realize that our entertainer for the evening was first educated for tdie Methodist ministry but is now dancing on the concert stage. Believe it or not, that is just what happened to our genial performer for tonight—^namely, Edwin (Ted)
Shawn.
Born in Berkshires Listen, chillens, and we’ll tell you all about it. The talented Ted was born up among the long low ridges of the Berkshire Hills in an old farm which today he has purchased and made a training camp for his male dancers. Early in life, possibly through the effect on him of his mother’s death, Ted decided to become a minister. However, while at the University of Denver the misfortune that was to change the course of his entire life befeU the young student. Diphtheria took a strong hold on him and for weeks he was not expected to live. In the words of Mr. Shawn himself, “While I lay in bed there in quarantine I thought myself out of the ministry, out of the Methodist church anddfree from all previous moorings.” His one principal desire on finding himself unable to walk or stand alone was to be himself again. Using dancing first only as a means of re-
Ted Shawn In "KineHc Molpai
gaining strength he finally became so fascinated with the art and so talented in it that people whom he met asked him to teach them. Married on Tour To get on with the story, while in New York on a tour, Shawn met
and married the already famous dancer, Ruth St. Denis. Together these two pioneers in the modern dance field organized the Denishawn school of dance which is internationally known as a great dance school.
Interpretation Will Cover Development Of History From Adets To Present ^ Ted Shawn and his eight male dancers will interpret American history from the days of the Aztecs to the 1940’s in a program in Memorial Gymnasium tonight at 8:00. The program will be a part of the regu^ lar University convocation schedule. Admission to the convo will be effected through the use of passports and season tickets as on other
occasions.
“O Libertad” “O Libertad,” dance dramh which will be enacted tonight is divided into three parts; past, present, and
future.
The first part of the drama opens with a scene in the court of Montezuma, king of the Aztecs. From this point it develops showing the effect of Spanish civilization on the native culture and up to the point of the 1849 gold rush. In the second part the opening scene depicts any typical American college in the years before World War I. From this point the scene changes to the battlefields and thence to the disillusioned veteran. Following this is “Jazz Decade” and a two part solo by Shawn“ Depression and Recovery.” In the final scene “Mobilization for Peace” is depicted the spirit of the recent pacifist movement. Closing the program will be a series of dances depicting the emotions of Strife, Love, Death, and Things Beyond Death.
Gold Peppers Plan Last Camera Lecture McKillip, Fishleigh Win
All-Campus Tournament An hour and a half of discussion in Eliza Fowler Hall last night climaxed the all-campus discussion tournament and produced four individual winners from a field of approximately 180 people who started in the discussion two months ago. Individual winneds included Jim ;
To Announce Pledges At Co-ed Bid Dance Pledges to Gold Gold Peppers will be announced at the informal <jo-ed bid dance Friday, March 8, in the Union ballroom. Gold Peppers, athletic boosting honorary for senior women,"'chooses its pledges for their scholarship, personality, and
achievement.
Music by “Warpy” Waterfall, University of Indiana favorite, will be featured. This band visited the campus several times last year and the year before under the leadership of Jim Cathcart and Hal Lieber.
To Feature Enlarging Camera Club members will meet tonight in room 304 of the Union for the third and final lecture in the current series. The subject of the lecture, for which a speaker has not yet been chosen will be “Print-
ing and Enlarging.”
Since the new darkroom has not yet been completed as officials had hoped, a demonstration, of handling of an enlarger will be made to com-
pensate.
Fred Aspey, who is in charge of the club bulletin board over the Union West Desk, requests that members bring pictures for the board.
Zero Hour Rush Is On For Cast Members Of 'Seventh Heaven'
By Bob Weiss Ticket sales for the Playshop production “Seventh Heaven” began Monday with long lines of theatergoers snaking their way into the box offices at the rear of Fowler Hall. Behind walls and in rooms which admitted no view to the casu^al observer in line, the members of the cast were holding a line rehearsal under the pressure of an excited and enthusiastic director, J. E. Dietrich.
Two-thirds of the tickets for Playshop’s production of “Seventh <Heaven” to be presented next week on Wednesday through Saturday evening are already sold. Of the 1,000 tickets remaining for distribution, the best seats are available on Wednesday and Saturday nights. In another part of the building technical director Jack Miller, clad in brown pants, brown sport shirt, and brown hat with an enormous paint brush in hand, was surveying the properties and general appear-
ance of the material which will form an essential part of the show next week. The show presented some staging difficulties at the offset, but these have been solved excellently and hold a surprise in store for the audiences which will witness the performances. In the cast are two girls making their debuts as actresses in major parts. They are Juanita Sebum and Norma Lee Spector. The Cast The casting for the entire show is as follows: Boul, Jerry Ciral; The Rat, Chuck Hart; Arlette, Mary Alice Miller; Maximallian Gobin, Bob Hettema; Nana, Norma Lee Spector; Recan, Bob Peterson; Diane, Juanita Sebum; Brissac, Carl Thompson; Blonde, Joe Martin; Pere Chevillon. Bill Adams; Sergeant of Police, Lewie Morrison; Uncle Georges, Don Slamond; Aunt Valentine, Betty Erick; Chico, Benton Bums; Lamplighter, Sam Marks. The performance is under the direction of J. E. Dietrich, J. W. Miller, and Wm. L. Deam.
McKillip, Delta Upsilon; William Wells, Alpha Tau Omega; and Joe Bach, Sigma Alpha Mu; in the men’s division and Jane Fishleigh, Chi Omega in the co-ed division. The winning fraternity was Sigma Alpha Mu, closely followed by Alphi Chi Rho. Chi Omega was the winning sorority. Discuss ^Propaganda’ The final round of the tournament was a discussion on “Propaganda” which was defined by the contestants as —“The indirect influencing of a person or persons, by someone or a group, through the use of trae or false facts, with some predetermined goal in mind.” McKillip and Fishleigh will receive loving cups donated by the Mohlman Jewelry Company of Lafayette. Sigma Alpha Mu will receive the Reisner Trophy donated by the H. G. Reisner Book Company. Chi Om^a will receive the Southworth Trophy, donated by the Ray M. Southworth Book Company. Last Night’s Judges There were nine participants representing six organizations in^ last night’s round. Judges for last night’s discussion were P. E. Lull and R. M. Horn of the speech department and F. J. Murphy, Lafayette attorney. This contest was originated and sponsored by the Purdue Forensic Board and replaces the Mohlman debating tournament for men.
Zouaves
. . . will present their drills between the halves of the Indiana game Saturday. The Purdue Order of Zouaves have displayed their merits throughout the midwest and have received acclaim from many military organizations.
Alpha Chi Rho
Technical and managerial appointments for “Sweethearts,” 1940 Varsity Show were announced last night by the Board of Control conaisting of A. P. Stewart, J. E. Dietrich, Jack Biiller, W. L. Deahi, and J. M. Ragains of the faculty and Rosemary Robinson, Richard Thornton, Roger Lindsay, Sam Wells, and Chuck Hart from the student body. ■ Complete Staff The persons selected for the various positions are: Sam Wells, business manager; Ed Luedeka, ticket and sales; Georgia Lou Flaeger, house manager; Msnra McKee, promotion manager; Chuck Harl^ press agent; Chet Vanada, advertising assistant; Roger Lindsay, stage manager; Robert Fulton, master carpenter; Bill Spreuer, master electrician; Mary Jane Carr, properties; Patty Wollcott, wardrobe mistress; Rogert Hettema, Art Beard, scenic artists; Rosemary Robinson, head accompanist; Bernice Beisel, rehearsal assistant for cast; Jean Skinner, rehearsal assistant for voices; Marian Johnson, librarian for vocal music; Dick Thornton, librarian for orchestral music. All students expecting to try out for singing and acting parts and aU those who wis hto work on technical crews and all appointees will meet in Fowler Hall, Friday, at 4 p. m. At this meeting prospective Varsity Show workers will be acquainted with the procedure to be followed. Tryouts forms will be distributed and crew members will be able to sign up at this time. Production Starts Soon Acting and dancing for the Varsity Show will be in charge of W. L. Deam of the speech department while A1 Stewart, University music director, will direct the music and signing. Jack Miller, also of the speech department, will supervise the technical and business end of the production. Because of the intervention of spring vacation production will begin early for the show. The date set for the show is April 18 to 20.
Eight Week Ag Students To Hear L. F. Livingston L. F. Livingston, one of the foremost research chemists of the nation, will deliver the address at the banquet for the Eight Weeks’ Winter Course students, Thursday, March 7, Professor V. S. Freeman, associate dean of the School of Agriculture announced today. The banquet, climaxing the events for the course, is to be held in the Union building and will be attended by approximately 200 winter course students.
'Sensible Questions Make Impressive Interview' - Monroe Prof. A. H. Monroe yesterday, in his address to seniors on “Ways of Interviewing an Employer,” placed special emphasis on the applicant’s impressing the prospective employer of his ability to do the job and of his future value to the company. The chief considerations in an interview were summed up imder three headings: the applicant’s manners, which must have a proper balance of self-confidence and rqspect for the abilities of otliers; being specific in stating qualifications; and making use of positive twists to focus the greater part of the interview on his stronger points. Typical Interview Enacted Of considerable importance is the applicant’s asking questions, for, by them, he suggests to the employer that he knows enough and has enough confidence to ask sensible questions about the company. With the assistance of R. M. Horn of the speech department acting as an applicant for a position as a salesman. Prof. Monroe, as employer, then interviewed two students who were applying for jobs. Prof. Monroe offering constructive criticism after each interview.
L. F. Livingston The subject of Livingston’s address will be concerned with the relations of industry and agriculture and the possibilities in farm crops as raw material sources for the factories of the nation. The speaker will display some thirty examples of products made from agricultural raw materials and the results of recent research work along these lines. Will Address Ag Staff At 4 o’clock on March 7, Livingston will address the Agricultural Chemistry Staff and other interested people in room 3€3 of the Union. At this meeting he will discuss the industrial uses of farm products.
Ellington Will Play For Union Informal Friday From 9 To 12 Primative rhythms, weird melodies, and amazing syncopations as played by Harlem’s aristocrats of jazz, Duke Ellington and his band, will fill both the old and new ballrooms this Friday from 9 till midnight when the Union will hold ite second informal dance of the year. Tickets for the dance are on sale in front of the sweet shop from 4 until 5:30 every afternoon until Friday. They may be purchased for $1.50 per couple.
Tomorrow Is Leap Year Day; Beware Of Wandering Co-eds
. . . social fraternity, aipiounces the pledging of Earl C. Chambers of Oak Park, 111. ^'
By Bob Skallerup Some enlightened author once wrote a book entitled “Once To Every Man.” He must have been thinldng about leap year. But once in every four years isn't very satisfactory so far as frequency goes. Leap year should leap more often. Tomorrow, in commemoration^ of this quarter-annual calendar sldp and “in memorium” for the countless masculine souls that have fallen for its cause, the co-eds of old Purdue, that much Sought after one sixth, will publish the Exponent. So this issue represents man’s last chance. Here is his viewpoint. Leap year staDrts, as does almost any other year, on the first day of January, and wi^ this great day comes-, great expectation. Men in general, college men in particular, amid much blushing and school-boy giggling, proceed to arm themselves with clubs and cuirasses, preparing
to beat off the amazon hordes. They go from place to place in tight groups and huddle fearfully in daik comers, seldom straying from their greek letter citadels. Leap year goes on, one week— two weeks—^three weeks pass. Distressingly few raids by the dangerous female of the spedes are reported. Gradually apprehension dies out and dubs, heavy with the dost of disuse, are put back in the trophy room. Cuirasses are discarded in fervor of Christmas ties and men begin once more to travd alone at night. Still nothing happens. But then leap year day itself approaches, and men begin to Idush and giggle again. Tomorrow is the day. Beware! Perhaps all the latent predatory instincts in the great American co-ed will stir her unprecedented action. I hopa-hopa-hope.m V*
THE PURDUE
Mfednesdjiyf February 18/ 1940
Late News Bulletins
House Cuts War Department Appropriations The economic minded house appropriations committee rejected President Roosevelt’s request for an immediate appropriation of $15,000,000 to start a third set of Panama canal locks. The committee recommended instead, an $850,000 fund for preparing plans for the locks, asserting that ultimate cost would be indefinite in the absence of such plans and specifications. In line with the house’s recent refusal to appropriate a hiillion dollars for a harbor project at Guam the committee refused to appropriate $700,000 for dredging the channel at Wake Island. Both the Panania canal and Wake items were part of a $203,472,567 appropriation bill for the war department’s civil functions.
Marriage Law Violation Federal Offence Violation of Indiana’s new marriage law will be classed as a federal offense due to a “use of the mail” requirement in the transition of physician’s reports. The new law required that matrimonial prospects submit to a blood test at state approved laboratories within 30 days of the application for marriage. The law will go into effect Friday.
Roosevelt's Representative Visits Pope Myron Taylor, president Roosevelt’s peace envoy to the Vatican, presented his credentials to Pope Pius XII in a private audience while diplomatic circles in Rome speculated on the nature of the message which Uhder-socretary of State Sumner Welles handed Premier Mussolini.
Fraternity Frosh DiscussGoodWill ■ Fraternity freshmett met yester-. day at 4:80 p. m. in room 302 of the Uhion to discuss plans for a “get acquainted! campaign” to promote good will among fraternities. Several good ideas were suggested which would further social activity and acquaintance. The plan which aroused most agreeable comment was a proposed radio dance, strictly informal, away from the fraternity houses. pledge, had charge of the meetihg. Fraternities represented were Phi Tom Baldwin, Phi Kappa Psi Gamma Delta, Acacia, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi Delta Theta, Sigma Chi, Delta Upsilon and Theta Tau. Every fraternity freshman is urged to attend the next session which will be held March 6. ,jWatch for notice concerning room and time. Wesley Players Present "Martyr's Return" Sunday The Wesley Players will present their first play of the second semester, “Martyrs’ Return,” next Sunday evening at the West Lafayette Methodist Church. “Martyr’s Return” was written for the national society of Wesley Players by Marion Wefer. '
H:W. Cope Appoint^ Senior EE Advisor H. W. Cope, EE '98 has been al»pointed part-time , advisor to senidr engineering students, it vras announced today by Dean A. A. Pot- ■ ter. Mri Cope has been connected with the Westinghouse Electrical and Manufacturing Company for thirty years, half time in purel^ engineering and the other half in commercial and executive respionsibilities. In connection with his executive duties, he has had responsibilities for the policies, organization, planning and methods for the company. Mr. Cope’s experience will prove of special benefit to engineering students in connection with their life work in industry. Temporarily his office will be located in the Electrical Engineering building and will be available for consultation on Tuesday and Wednesday afternoons.
Leads will be played by George Abshier, Winifred Thompson, Darneth Broome is directing the play, nett Broome is directing the play. Walter Kettenring will do the staging, and Charles Jay will handle the lighting. Marjorie Hoover is in charge of make-up.
Aiitliiiii
iMiiiWWiMyiMi
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Udilir
Ti
“I used to hate eating in restaurants every night—-but since I’m married I dqn’t mind a bit !
TUiwa.
Co-eds will widen the scope of their activities tomorrow night when, they participate in the National Intercollegiate telegraphic swimming meet. Competing against them will be not only other Big Ten teams but delegations from such schools as Vassar, Wellesley, Cornell, Duke, and the University of California. Entrants Who Will tty for national intercollegiate places are Loraine Bemis, Barbara Cook, Shirley Emhoff, Barbara Ford, Mary Johnston, Betty Spears, Lee Westover, and Esther Kirkhoff. Because of the Ted Shawn dance program in the gym, there will be no basketball practice Wednesday night. There will be games both tomorrow and Friday nights, and those Friday night will serve as preliminaries to the WAA intra-mural basketball tournament. Freshman Women Seek WSGA Places Two freshman representatives for WSGA executive board positions will be elected at a WSGA mass, meeting tomorrow afternoon, at 4 p. m. in the women’s lounge of the Union. Freshman girls who; have turned in petitions for the positions are: Alice Ghatfield, Calista Creelj BLathryn Fisher, Jeanette Haynes, Rita Hill, Vivian Peterson, Nancy Roby, Helen Schickler, Jane van Gorkom, and Beverly Van Scoter. Following the election WSGA and YWCA will present, as a Charm School feature, a discussion of the technique of interviewing by Prof. L. S. Winch of the speech department. Hoffer To Talk On Potash Fertilization Tomorrow Dr. George N. Hoffer, representative of the American- Potash Institute, will give an illusti’ated lecture tomorrow evening, February 29 at seven o’clock in the reception room of the Union. He will speak on the effect of potash and phosphorus on crop yield —a subject on which he is an authority. Dr. Hoffer was formerly on the University staff as a plant physiologist. All students interested are iiiv^ted to the meeting sponsorecf'Sj^ the Agronomy Club. Raymbl^d Hall will act as chairman. PlA Dance Class Will Meet
PIA dance class will hold its first meeting on Wednesda,y evening, March 6. Miss Helen B. Knight of the Women’s physical ’education department will teach the class. Forty students, all PIA members, have already enrolled for the series of ten lessons.
Notices
N* mtlcM wIU b* MMpted after B p. ai.
Skall and Crescent: There will be no Cotillion meetinK at the Phi Celt house Pebruary 29. —BES^LES.
Enslish and Speech Conditions: Brsminatiens for removal of conditions 'in English and speech will be held Saturday, Mareh 2, beginning at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the location building. —MILLEK.
PIA Dance Class: Due to unforseen circumstances the first meeting of the class will have to be postponed. There will definitely be a meeting Wednesday, March 6, probably in the ballroom. Watch for future notices. —LUTZ.
Exponent Co-eds: Eor tonight’s co-ed pa^ per Baker, Siess, Stiers, Funkhouser, McClintock, work at 4; Beard at 6; Bailey, Justin, Kose at 7. Any freshmen who want to work, report at 4. —SCHILL.
WAA Tonraaracnt Schedules: WAA tournament schedules, shuffle board and ping pote, are posted in the gym. First round. Inday, March 1. 8-1 —HOLDEN.. Student Engineering Council: Meeting in i Dean Potter’s office at 4 p. m., Wednesday, February 28. —CATTERALL.
Senior Tactics: War department training on the “Tactical Employment of the Anti-aircraft Artillery Regiment” and “Machine Gnns in the Attack” will be -shown in room 1'04 of the Armory on Friday, February ^e 28 and February 28 at 4 p. as. Attendance for senior military students is optional; others interested are also invited. —THOMPSON.
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: All those who ordered cutlasses will find them in their boxes in' the armory Wednesday morning, February 28. —NORQUEST.
WSGA Executive l^ard: Meeting Wednesday, February 28, at 4 p. m. in WSGA office. —SICKMAN.
Classified
Interfraternity Rifle: Interfratemity rifle matches to .continue until Friday, March 1, at 6 :S0 p. m. —SMITH.
Agriculturist Business Stbff: Special meeting in the office on Thursday, February 29, at 4 p. m. Everyone come. —WHITHAM.
Gold Peppers: Meeting irt room A of Union Thursday, February 29, at 4:46. Attendance compulsory, —MITCHELL.
Purdue Horticulture Society: Special short business meeting, Wednesday, February 28, at 4:15 in' Horticulture Auditorinih. A^ndance compulsory. —PBANTZBEB.
Biology Students: Condition examinations in Biology 18 will be given March 2 at 1 p. m. in Room 211 of Coulter Hall. —BEHRENS.
Agronomy and Horticulture Students: Meeting Thursday, February 29, in the rer ception room, of the Union. Dr. George N. Hoffer will speak on the effect of x>otash and phosphorus on crop plants. —HALL.
Purdue Radio Guild: Meeting. Thursday, February 29, at 7 p> m. in room A .of the Union. There will be a Speaker. —BilLLER.
FOR SALE—Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, aold, pnrehased, rented and repair^ New portable madhinea as low as |29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebexshofl. 606 Main street.
Hadio-Phonograph combination, and record collection. Only $16.00. Call Staley,i2640.
Alpha Zeta: Regular meeting Wednesday, February 28, in room 302 of the Union at 7 p. m. —HITCHCOCK.
LOST AND FOUND Lost—^Alpha Chi Omega pin in Union building. ]^ward. Phone 45892.
Gaia Week Committee: Meet in room 261 of Union at 4 p. m., Friday, March 1. —ARCHIBALD.
Examinations for condition rcBMvala in History, Beonoasiea and Government: These will be held Saturday, March 9, at 1:00 p. m., roooi 80B, in the Recitation Building. Arolieation must be made in the History office no later than Friday, March 8. —ESTBY.
Camera Club: Lecture Wednesday, February 28, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 304 of Union. Members bring prints for bulletin board. —GEPHART.
Sophomore Union Workers: Freshman and Sophomore members of the game room staff meet in the Student Union office Wednesday, Febimary 28, at 4 p. m. —BROOKS.
Lost—Elgin wrist watch in Ficldhouae. Please return to 316 W Cary Hall, South. Reward.
Eta Kappa Nu: Personnel sheets may be obtained in the Electrical Engineerihg office. ' (2-20) —KEEN.
E E Seniors: Membership in AIEE must be applied for prior-'to Mturefa 1st in order to take advantage of the 10 dollar saving upon applica'tion of Associate grade of membersbip as an alumnns. (2-28) —NITSCHE.
Glider Club: Work session every afternoon this Week in attic Mechanical Engineering building. (3-1) I —MILLER.
Purdue Ridirig Club: Meeting Thursday, February 29, at 7:30 in the room next to the Student Uni6n office. —HARTMAN.
Lost—Good reward for information leading to return of White Gold Bulova wrist watch. J. D. Bryan, Phone 81754. No questions asked.
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting Thursday evening, February 29, at 7:16 p. m. in the office. Please be there. —COOLEY.
Debris Sophomores and Freshmen: Photography staff report at the new dark room every afternoon. (2-29) / —DYER.
Engineer Workers: Following men report to me at the Engineer office at 4 p. m. Wednesday, February 28: Hawkins, Hussey, Shooter, Salzer, Beiser, Shepardson. —GALE.
Freshmen Union Workers ; There will be a meeting of all freshmen on our committee in the Union office, Thursday, February 29, at 4:16 p. m. Will the following please report: Onr, Overman, Pastrick, PetCouch, Meyer, Mills, Morton, Murphy, tiner, Petree, Reeves, Rice, I^bbins, Ronbasky, Ross, Russell, McKay, McCaley, McNitsche, Peterson, Pittman, Walter. —HULS, BENNETT.
Chi Epsilon: Smoker in the East Faculty Lounge, Wednesday, February 28, at 7:30 p. m. All actives be presen-t. —CORNELL.
Students Interested In Tutoring: Please sign up in Senate Office, room 860. Give name, telephone number and the subjects in which you can tutor. —ELLEY.
Lpst-r-Phi Mu sorority pin. Name on back. Call 66218. Reward. Janet Gaylord.
Dolphins: Short meeting Thursday, February 29 at 4 p. m. at the pool. —HARRIS.
Exponent Juniors: There will be a meeting of the editorial and co-ed juniors ifi the Exponent office Wednesday February 27, at 4:16 p. m. —WILLSEY.
WAA Basketball: Women's Gym. Tuesday, Febnmry 27, 4 p. m.. Alpha Xi vs. Wards 2 and 4; Alpha Chi vs. Ward 1. 6 p. m., WRH North 2 vs. Thaeles; Ward 1 vs Pi Phi. Thursday, February 29, 4 p. m. Alpha Chi vs. WRH South 2; Thaeles vs. Phi Mu. Friday, March 1, 4 p. m. League Semi-finals. Winners league A vs. winners league B. Winners league G vs. -winners league D. —BRITTON.
Union Workers; Will the sophomore and frrahman Browsing Room staffs please meet in the room next to the Student IJnion office at 4 p. m., Wednesday* February 28. —HAMMAN.
Flying Club: Regular business meeting Wednesday, February 28, at 7 p. m., in the reception room of the Union. Immedia-tely following the meeting will be opened to all for a talk by Dr. N. L. Kelley. —KIMBALL.
DANCE CLASSES OPEN BEOINNErS Wed. Feb. 28, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED Thurs. Feb. 29, 7:30 p. m. imiiana's Largest Dancing School PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6tli and Fcny
THURSDAY - FRIDAY ' SASH I’FmfrU I HATHOBIIE ; M.IABIIH | i!,*l
The Book that tells the story of-
i I
.k iJ
»' Fti ' t
i
FciHriiary I8i l94d
£xfiOfuinL Spoi£&: fioi/SL
i %
that department, Illinois, has succumbed to a total of 351 tallies.
Big Ten Standings
Victory Assures Team Of Tie For 1st Place In Big Ten Race For thfe secdnd time in three years, Piggy Lambert’s Boilermakers have grabbed a share of the Big “Ten net title. For the eleventh time since 1&20, the little man of the hardwood has led his Gold and Black charges to the pinnacle of conference supremacy. All that remains in the Riveters’ way, as far as having the.top spot all by themselves, is a victory in either Saturday night's game with Indiana or Monday’s tilt at Champaign.
Hooi^ierB Lose . The Hoo^iers by virtue of thdr not-unpredicted los sto the Buckeyes last night dropped from the ranks of the Boilermaker botherers and into a three-way tie for second I>lace with Illinois and Ohio State— a full two games behind the leaders. Indiana started out well, but toward the end of the first half and during the second period were swamped by a barrage of Buckeye buckets to the
tune of 44-26.
The mini kept pace with the Columbus lads by barely nosing out Chicago 42-40. Bill Hapac proved to be the hero of the night when he sank a long shot from past the middle of the floor with only five seconds left to play. Two Tough Games As far as remaining games are concerned, the local lads seem to be carrying the brimt of the burden. They face two top-notch teams in Indiana and Illinois, while the Champaign boys are expected ta have a fairly easy time of it Saturday night when they journey to Iowa City to face the Hawkeyes. Ohio State plays host to Michigan and then travels to Bloomington to battle the Hoosiers again on Mon-
day night.
Just to make theiy lead a little more emphatic, the Lambertmen now boast of both the conference offensive and defense leads along with first place in the won and lost columns. The Boilermakers have ripped off a total of 436 points in 10 games for a 19 point lead over the Hoosiers. Only 325 points have been dropped in against the Riveters, while their nearest rivals in
W
L
TP
OP
Purdue ..
. 9
1
436
326
Ohio State.. ..
7
3
404
386
Illinois .. .
7
3
401
361
Indiana
.. 7
3
416
376
“Northwestern
.. 5.
6
396
369
Michigan . ...
. 5
5
351
392
Minnesota . ...
. 4
6
378
421
Iowa
3
7
362
398
Wisconsin . ..
...2
8
364
392
Chicago .
. 1
9
299
376
IM Wrestlers Will Start Tourament
As one of the feature events of the coming intramural Athletic Carnival, aspiring Boilermaker wrestlers will compete in the All-Campus wrestling tournament. Elimination bouts will start Saturday and continue until two finalists in each weight have been decided to com-
pete in the finals on March 13.
The competition has been divided into nine different weight classes. These are the 121,128,136,146,166, 166, 175, 190 pound classes and the heavsrweight division. These are the actual limits and no allowances will be made. All entrants must be weighed in by Friday. Entries may be made at the intramural office between four and five o'clock each af-
ternoon.
CITY MEAT and POULTRY
For Quality Service All Meats Government Inspected
220 N. 3rd Street
Phone 5372
BUXTON STITCHIESS BILlfOlDS In any model—standard, open window or with zip fastener—these hlllfblds won’t rip. They are self-interloched, hawe no stitches — replaced free If theyai¥e out before the leather wears out, wide range of flue leathers $2 up. DECKER’S
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
A6R, Betas Lead At Half-WayMarkIn Greek Track Meet With half of the scheduled twelve events already Completed the Alpha Gamma Rho and Beta Theta Pi track teams are leading the fi^eld in the fraternity indoor track meet. In the six events which were run off yesterday in the Fieldhouse each of these teams has a total of eight points. Theta Tau, Kappa Sigma, and Alpha Kappa Lambda are tied for second place with six points apiece. In the first event of the afternoon Resnick of Sigma Alpha li^u raced the 60 yard dash in 6.4 seconds, s Fleckinger of Beta Theta Pi was close behind. AGR Stanley crossed the finish line first in the half mile run to add five points to his team's total. Kemp of Alpha Kappa Lambda was second. Lindsay of the Beta team won the broad jump with a 20 foot 11^ inch leap. Daniels of Alpha Gamma Rho made the second best jump. Marozick carried Beta Sigma Psi's colors home first in the gruelling two mile run. Kemp of Alpha Kappa Lambda finished in second place. Kappa Sig Carter sped across the 60 yard high hurdles in 8 seconds flat to beat Fleckinger of Theta Tau out at the tape. In the shot-put Crawford of Delta Tau Delta made a toss of 41 feet 3% inches to cop first place. Beta Winchell placed second. With the six concluding events scheduled for this afternoon the Greek track teams will wind up their two day meet today. The 60 yard low hurdles, high jump, pole vault, 440 yard dash, mile run, and four man half-lap relay will be run off this afternoon in the Fieldhouse. Scabbard And Blade Pistol Team Wins Fourth Cup Fourth cup for pistol marksmanship in as many years came to the Scabbard and Blade Pistol team as ^jlBIFesult of their victory in the 1939 competition. The cup is presented by the national organization. Members of the victorious team; which defeated Illinois in the finals with a score of 1222 for 30 rounds of slow firing per man, were: R. G. Hannas, R. G. Becker, M. A. Alvin, M. E. Flater, and R. 0. Difmeyer.
Riveter Swimmers Battle lilini Today
Meet Illinois In Tuneup For State Tourney On Saturday
Elward Calls Riveter Grid Squads To Inifiai Spring Drill Monday Casting a weather eye to the strenuous eight-game schedule facing his charges next fall. Coach Mai Elward today set the opening of spring football practice as Monday, March 4. Just returned from a brief Florida vacation which followed'a long speaking tour, the head man is anxious to look over his gradua-tion-riddled squad. Ill order that the first practice may proceed without confusion, varsity lettermen as well as members of the freshman squad are expected to check out equipment in the Fieldhouse by this week-end. All students with football aspirations are likewise invited to report as they will be given every chance to prove themselves during the seven weeks conditioning period. Replacements must be found for eight positions during the session, as of the upperclassmen returning only Captain Dave Rankin, AllAmerican end, Jim Miller, sturdy guard, and Mike Bylene, fast-mov-ing halfback, played more than half the time last season. Competition will be keen as the hundred-odd hopefuls struggle for a place ofi one of the most extensively rebuilt elevens turned out in years. Ihmoff Announces Prize For Frosh Carnival Night Larry Ihmoff, assistant intramural director announced today that the Debris will offer a free subscription of the campus annual to the winning man in a new activity, the Freshman Scramble.
/
Each fraternity will enter one freshman in the contest to compete for the prize, which will be engraved in gold. The scramble will take place in the Fieldhouse on the evening of March 3, the night generally called Carnival Night. Ihmoff stated that the requirements are simple enough: the entrants must wear old clothes, and be well able to endure what should be a strenuous evening. The rules will be announced on th4 night of the event, but will be kept a secret until then.
From The Winter Playgrounds of America Come Your Summer Sport Shoe Sensational
SADDLES! SIDE TIES! MOCCASINS! WHITE! WHITE and BROWN! WHITE and BLACK! BEIGE! BEIGEand BROWN!
322 Main St.
Phone 5322
fieMeh’A
Clwksi
By Robert J. Deckiurd
As a final tuneup for the Indiana state championships which will take place at Bloomington on Saturday, the Boilermaker tankmen will journey to Champaign this afternoon to face the mini in a Big Ten dual met. Coach Dick Papenguth’s lads will be after their first conference win of the season and will invade the Illinois pool with high hopes of a victory.
Graham Leads Riveters
In both the dual meet today and the state titular en^gement Saturday, the Boilermakers will be depending largely on Captain Johnny Graham, free style distance ace, and Dick Kratzer, sophomore sprint star. Graham will compete in the distance events while Kratzer will try to/Pile up the Riveter points in the 60 and 100 yard dashes. The mini will be basing their hopes on the showing of a pair of mermen in both the breast and back strokes. They have a man in each event who has been churning the mini waters in pretty close to record time, and are counting on taking the medley relay with these
same two tanksters.
Coach Papenguth Will take virtually the same line-up that has carried the Boilermaker colors in the other meets this season. The proceedings are scheduled to start
at 1:30 this afternoon. Boilermaker Line-up
Medley Relay—Anderson, Ting-
ley, Branner.
220 Yard Free Style—Captain
Graham, Harris
50 Yard Free Style—^Herr, Kratz-
er
Diving—Farkas, Briggs 100 Yard Free Style—^Herr, Kratzer 100 Yard Back Stroke—^Anderson, Kusko 440 Yard Free Style— Capt. Gra-' ham. Smith 100 Yard Breast Stroke—Tingley, Frank 200 Yard Relay—^Kratzer, Herr, Branner, Harris.
Thanks to Eth Baugh, Alumni secretary, we have on our desk today several clippings from a recent edition of the Dayton (O.) Daily News, which gave one of Purdue's graduates of last year a bit
of well-earned publicity.
—^fc—
Nate Poulos, PE '39, was the recipient of this bity of newspaper' build-up, having his picture spread on the sports page of the Dayton Daily News, with a caption under
the cut reading as follows:
‘2^ate Poulos, chairman, left, discusses with Ralph Kemp, center, and Bob Murray, plans for the State AAU Men's and Women swimming meet which will be held in Dayton
in March.” —fc— ^
Nate, who is a member of the Junior Association of Commerce, Dasrton, heads a committee which has “plans to handle what will be the most important swimming meet ever undertaken in Dasrton.” “A national junior championship . . . has been added to a full list of events to highlight the program,” a story on the meet reads.
—^fc—
Apparently, Nate is a “man-around-town” in Dayton . Included in this batch of clippings is a small one, reading: “Nate Poulos, Purdue guard, is boasting around town that Purdue will not only win the basketball title this year, but for the next two as well . . . Three of the Boilermaker regulars are sophomores,” Nate has been quoted.
—^fc—
Nate is a Sigma Alpha Epsilon, played Boilermaker football and baseball for three years, and was a popular fellow around the campus during his sojourn at the University ... Baugh told us Saturday that he will be in town for the In-diana-Purdue basketball game.
—fc—
Interesting to note also in these clippings was a “streamer” that appeared across the sports page of the Daily News:
“Purdue Another Cage Title.”
Step Nearer
/-A4Schecfu/es
BASKETBALL
TODAY
Court 1 * 7 00—Aggies vs Wildcats 8 00—Sigma Alpha Mu vs Alpha Gamma Bho 8 16—^Ward 2 vs Ward 42 Court 2 7 00—Yanks vs Panthers 8 00—Sigma Chi vs Phi Kappa Psi Court 8 7 00—Tigers vs Boilermakers 8 00—Salisbury vs Luma 8 16—Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 10 Court 4 7:00—Phi Delta Theta vs Lambda Chi Alpha 7.16—SAE vs Alpha Chi Rho 8 16—Ward 22 vs Ward 21 \
Thinlies Encounter Hoosiers Saturday Fresh from Saturday's triumph over Iowa and Northwestern, the Boilermaker track forces will journey to Bloomington this week-end to face the Hoosier cinder aggregation in the Indiana Relays. The meet will serve as a tune-up for the Big Ten indoor gathering at Chicago on March 8 and 9. The proceedinjgs down-state wiU be run off in the same manner as a similar relay meet held at Madison several weeks ago. There will be no individual honors awarded as all of the field events will be scored on much the same basis as cross country tallying. Full Card A trio of BoileiTuakers will engage in each of the field events, while the main activities of the day will be in the form of relays. The shot put, broad jump, pole vault, high jump, and 70 yard dash will be thrown in along with the one and two mile, and high and low hurdle shuttle relays. The main hope of the Riveter thinlies will be in the one mile relay team which placed fourth in the much-publicized Illinois Relays two weeks ago. Captain Red Shackleton and Burton Anthony, stellar sophomore speedster, who battled it out foi the quarter mile title last Saturday, will lead the milers.
MANY FORMER SMOKERS OF EXPENSIVE PIPES NOW PREFER,K • 1
THE POBDOE EXPONENT
Wednesday, February 2$, 1940
■
DoYouStop?
Campus roadways are well protected inasmuch as thd students safety in crossing them in going from one class to the next is concerned. During the hours between 7 :45 in the morning and 5 in the afternoon, cars owned and operated by Univer-sity-goers are restricted from most driveways within the campus proper for reason of student safety. However, there are several parking lots and spaces just inside of the campus boundaries where students and faculty members may park their automobiles. From these facilities there is every class day a very heavy traffic going toward campus entrances during the noon hour and after the close of the afternoon session. From statistics gathered last year by certain graduate students of the civil engineering school, it was shown that the heaviest traffic lanes going in and out of the campus are the main gates leading from the Executive building to Northwestern avenue; the drive Which opens onto Grant Street from in back of the CE building; and the drive entering from State street to the west end of the Union and main entrance to the library. Although all of these campus lanes are decorated with a stop sign for outgoing traffic, drivers of cars leaving the campus apparently pay them little notice. These signs were meant to be read and obeyed to insure the safe crossing of these street-cam-pus road intersections by students hurrying away from classes toward their fraternities, sororities, homes, or rooming houses. Although no recent accident has taken place at these entrances due to neglect on the drivers part to observe the stop signs, it might be well for the violators to remember that “an ounce of prevention is better than a pound of cure.” The thoughtful driver> who has an eye for a pedestrian’s safety at a busy intersection, is one that will always stop for the sign, at the sign, and not in the middle of the pedestrian’s traffic lane. —^W.E.S.
7. Very bitter if not well used. 8. Turns green when placed beside a more handsome specimen. 9. Ages rapidly. 10. Fresh variety has great magnetic attraction. (Caution! Highly explosive when in inexperienced hands!) Chemical properties: 1. Very active. 2. Possesses a great affinity for gold, silver, platinum or anything of value. 3. Violent action when left alone. 4. Undissolved by liquids but actively stimulated by treatment with spiritousi solutions. —B & B— Notice: Anyone desirous of attending the Union Informal Friday night, see Jane Hawkins. She intends to go to the dance, but hasn’t decided with whom yet. Just put in your application! —^B & B— ... and then there’s the Theta Chi, Walt McCullough, who imported “little Eva” from Memphis, Tennessee for a formal dinner dance. His brothers report she was wearing shoes ...
Greenkeepers Gather Here For Discussion Greenkeepers from all over the state gathered here yesterday at their annual conference to discuss effective means of golf course maintenance. Speakers of the day were 0. J. Noer, nationally known soil fertilization expert. Professor Lawrance Greene, head of the horticulture department, and Dr. John Monteith, Jr., representing the green section, U. S. Golf Association, Washington, D. C. The afternoon’s proceedings ended with a visit to the soil testing laboratory in the experiment station and the new University golf course, now in construction. ^ The banquet, accompanying the conference, was held last night with Carl Bretzlaff, of Indianapolis, president of the Indiana Greenkeepers’ Association, and Dr. Mbnteith as the principal speakers. Dairy Club Will Sponsor Annual Banquet Tonighl Purdue Dairy Club members will hold their annual banquet tonight at 6 o’clock in the Home Economics cafeteria. Professor H. J. Reed, dean of the school of agriculture, will speak and talks will be given by other faculty members. A program of music will follow.
But
After a careful analysis of co-eds performed by noted “joes,” we have compiled the following data—^with hopes that it vrill benefit the masculine world—and aid them in their own investigations: CHEMICAL ANALYSIS OP WOMEN Element: Woman. Occurrence: 1. Found wherever man exists. 2. Seldom in free state. Physical properties': < 1. All colors, sizes, shapes and ages. 2. Usually in disguised conditions, face covered "with film of composite material. 3. Boo hoos at nothing. 4. May freeze in a moment. 5. Melts when properly treated. 6. Sometimes yield to pressure.
the PurduD Exponent Directory
• Fiofenioiial
• School SuppRoo
Risk Dental CHnic DR. FAUL A RHK DR. UITHCR A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK 4th » Main PhoM 9TOI
'T)EACr Everything for a College Education
• Dairy Products
e Hardwaro
M. ti MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 462H
Sperb Hardwaro ^ilallty Mdae.—Lower Pricea 822 A4ain Phone 2777
• Dina
Outfitteia for Fratamitiea and Sororltlea EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 Stalest. Phone 4354
COME OVER! EATATB>&OiaC'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Msin St. U Fll SOUP OOPPH Sc
• Locksmith
• lawalsri
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, dmk locks, night latches artd imdfocks. Auto keys a specialty. accemories and repairuig. MULHAUnrS 209-1 I N. 5th St. Phorw 282S
Hays Jewelry Cempany East Side of Square FINE fEWELRY at Moderate Prices
By Vladiitiir We hope the 60 couples at the tea dance yesterday enjoyed the music requested by the stags. All the time we were watching, the stags kept pestering the little man in the corner with the phonograph, asking for something “slower” or something “faster” than those selections he was playing. The dancers didn’t have a chance.
We wonder how the Reamers came out with the Gold Peppers over those bowls of chili. Did anyone besides us happen to notice that the affair was planned soon after the Peppers announced the date of their dance?
Our fancy has been touched with the idea of a “Find Your Love” department as suggested to Bold and Black yesterday. We’re going to charter a room from
Pturdue Exponent
n.n. iiui«v - W. S. Smith
Soalna
D. 6. Tenio, editorial .director; O. W. Frederick, ma»sgiiir editor; E. M. Antoninl, eenior adrerttaiar ager; G. SchllUng', c«Mri editor; B. Jenktoa, sperto editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038;
Sports 279Z
All OnsiKaed editorials -are written bjr the editorial, di-
rectwr.
Bntsnd as aeeond riaas matter ad the seat aflloa to liatarette, Indiana, under the act at Oenssess ed Maiah t, 1879, and at the spaolal rate ef poita«a owridad tor to section 1108, set of Oetotter 8. 1917, authorted Jannanr 1928. Publhhsd dailT eoMevi HonidBr darfaut tha raKnipv academic year and weddy dinrlnc the Saassaer SceeiM Deihrered locally by carriaT for 88.89 per year, mail eribBcription 88.80. Represented for national advertisingr by National Advertiaine Service, Inc., CoUegre Pnblisheca Beprteentatiyee, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Nigrht Editor, Donahue - Day Editor, Carroll Ass’t. Night Editor, Kennedy Wednesday, February 28, 1940.
Val, equip it with the necessary sofas and couches, and get a card file. We’ll call it the “Do I Love You, Do I? Service for Springtime Association.” We’ll start it as soon as we find our own love.
Step To The Front! Take advantage of your heritage. For you’ll “Look the Part” in your clean and well-pressed clothes.
American Laundry
Phone 3085
are sororities and fraternities iffli FEIlBSlKi?
"TOOOfTEM!
ARE SORORITIES merely home^ for moneyed-husband-hunters? Do fraternities foster un-American class prejudice? Or is all the hullabaloo over Greek-letter organizations inspired by the soured few who don’t get pledged? Why does it so often end up with disappointment for the boy or girl, and heartaches, for the
parents?
GET THE POST TODAY AND SEE PAGfiS 20 AND 27
A STORM Of LETTERS from readers came in following Mrs. Jackson’s first Post story about Greek-letter societies, Called, ^ few weeks ago. Sticking to her guns, she now writes a sequel. But in fairness to the subject, we have asked Dean Turner to tell you frankly m this week’s Post, what colleges think of the
T'snob factory” question.
1 L;
if.
AM action story of the old Southwest, Li/e w Then by Conrad Richter.; . Caret Se^^epol^ S problemin his article TJwAAA in Its Ovm Dnst BowL-Sidney Smafi conSbutes a Chinatown mystery, Matd tn Sa!??John Durant tells you abo^ut sevent^n fans who are Nuts About Baseball... Charles Gibbs Adams describes how he planned the freak gardens
of some of Hollywood’s most color-minded movie and .. .Ben Ames WilUams Mngs you the last half of his creepy yam, My Gmudimther s Leg, Walter D. Edmonds continues his colorful ci^ novel, Bed ly/ieels Kolliny. Also • • • poem^, cartoons and Post Scripts. All m the Post —now on sale.
HHW